List(ANOTHER NEW MENU ITEM! Pan Roasted Orata with
roasted peppers, zucchini scapece & herb salad., NEW MENU ITEM! Braised Short Rib with
strozzapreti pasta, roasted shallots & peas., If you have not heard, Dante has a bunch of amazing new menu items! HOMEMADE GNOCCHI with spicy tuna puttanesca, tomato sugo, basil & parmigiano., NEW MENU ITEM! Homemade Eggplant Ravioli with raw golden tomato sauce, pine nut, golden raisin & ricotta salata., ONE OF MANY NEW MENU ITEMS! Seared Scallops with warm farro salad, root vegetable puree, citrus vinaigrette! #cambridge #dante #foodporn, Happy National Margarita Day! We have a "healthier" version of the classic margarita, the Ginger Margarita. Welcome in & try it today! Thank you Boston Common Magazine for the shout out -

http://bostoncommon-magazine.com/how-to-celebrate-national-margarita-day-in-boston, Happy Friday! In spirit of Eater Breakfast Week, what is the most unusual brunch dish you have ever eaten?

Find out Chef Dante's here! http://boston.eater.com/2016/2/18/10811392/unusual-brunch-dishes-boston-chefs, Get insights into Chef Dante's favorite & not so favorite things by following Eater Breakfast Week. What's his least favorite brunch item? Find out here --> 

http://boston.eater.com/2016/2/17/10811396/chef-brunch-grievances, How do you like your eggs cooked? Chef Dante prefers them poached in a spicy tomato sauce!

http://boston.eater.com/2016/2/15/10811380/breakfast-week-survey-how-to-cook-eggs, TGIF! Celebrate Lincoln’s birthday by freeing yourself from the office and joining us at Restaurant dante to enjoy some cheese in his honor. Burrata with candied pistachios and truffle honey, perhaps?, Shaking things up? Try some of our classic cocktails with a twist, such as our Spicy Rita !, Gluten free? Never fear! Practically everything on dante’s menu is available for gluten free guests., T is for Tiramisu! Come in and try our delicious recipe while you forget about the snow., Meatball Monday! Escape the blizzard for a Maiale Meatball, perfect to warm up with!, Looking for something light? Try an item from our Antipasti menu, like the Speck & Pears! Smoke prosciutto, pears, arugula, walnuts, gorgonzola and mascarpone crema., Thirsty Thursday means it’s time to celebrate the end of the week! Try one of our Specialita, like the Black Dahlia – cranberry black tea vodka, lemon and our house grenadine., Happy hump day! Come escape the rain at Restaurant dante and try our half roasted citrus chicken, served with sautéed spinach and a parsnip puree., Celebrate Tasty Tuesday the right way by treating yourself to a $2 Grilled Cheese! Each week Chef Dante recreates this American classic, today's special has mozzarella, arugula, and pepperacini! #GrilledCheeseTuesday, Come get cozy by the fire tonight with a steaming bowl of Gnocchi, with potato dumplings, crispy smoked salmon, pink sauce, and capers. It’ll be hard to leave after basking in the ambiance with this Italian favorite.

http://www.metro.us/boston/cozy-up-to-one-of-these-boston-bars-with-fireplaces/zsJpau---KhjT6RgB3MyKI/, Finally Friday! Kick off your winter weekend at Restaurant Dante with a plate of our Grilled Stuffed Calamari, complete with spicy tomato sugo, pine nuts and raisins!, Looking for something new? Grab some friends and head to Restaurant Dante for our Sfizi, “Little Tastes” of our antipasti selection served family style. The Little Robiola Burger is so good, you may not even share!, Wine Wednesday at Dante! Try our exclusive selection of family wines from Campania with our Family Wine Flight. The Flight includes five, hand-picked selections, including our very own Phoenix label Fiano di Avelino!, Winter’s arrival doesn’t mean fish are off the table! Swing by to try our poached Arctic Char, served with grilled baby romaine and roasted turnips., Still reeling from Winter Storm Jonas? Reminisce about warmer times with Arancini – an antipasto delight of porcini risotto balls with mozzarella and truffle honey!, Still searching for a New Years Resolution? Try gluten-free Fridays! Look no further than Dante for your first (or fiftieth) gluten-free meal. Dive into our Ragu Bolognese or Tomato Basil paired with gluten free pasta.  “Oh good, capers!”  - Elizabeth Taylor, We can’t help but reminisce about summer at this time; evening lounging on the patio as the sun sets over the Charles with a glass of Fiano in hand. While this luxury is seasonal, dessert is year round! Overlook the winter blues and indulge in our Venetian doughnuts, they will have you day dreaming of cozy winter evenings in no time., Wednesdays at Dante! Haven’t had the chance to experience our new menu yet? Grab the T or brave the traffic because our multi-course taste testing, personalized by the man himself, Chef Dante de Magistris, is absolutely divine! Choose the six or nine course option to discover a new favorite., Escape New England’s harsh winds today and join us in Mediterranean dreaming. $1 oysters are here from 4-6 pm, perfect after a day’s work. Their succulent and juicy taste will be sure to transport you to a seaside cabana overlooking the sea, despite Boston’s dropping numbers., Monday blues? Warm up on this snowy day with a steaming bowl of Ragu Bolognese!, This cold weather has us dreaming about warmer times. Our breathtaking views are the perfect backdrop for a summer wedding, give us a call today at 617.497.4200 to see how we can make your day unforgettable!, Want to know Chef Dante's favorite spots? Check out this great article on Haute Living for the inside scoop! 

http://hauteliving.com/2016/01/haute-secrets-dante-de-magistris-of-restaurant-dante-and-il-casale/598770/?market=boston, It’s almost the weekend! Get through the final work days with a little antipasto break. It will make the hours just fly by., Check out this article for some insight in the food and wine we serve at il Casale Cucina Campana in Lexington, especially if you love Florentine cookies!

http://passionatefoodie.blogspot.com/2016/01/il-casale-cucina-campana-bar-wines-of.html, Love to bake? Take a stab at making the popular Italian cookie - brutti ma buoni. Our talented pastry chef Fortunato Conte was featured in the Boston Globe for making these treats and lucky for you, they included the recipe!

https://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2015/12/15/craggy-italian-ugly-cookies-are-aptly-named/ApM8HecSMJlGHzmgKDxyNJ/story.html, The weekend is here and we are excited! Stop by for an after-work drink and bite today, we suggest the $1 Oysters that are served 4-6pm daily!, A January birthday coming up? Or anniversary? Book your party with us! Give us a call at 617.497.4200 today to get the planning started!, Happy Wednesday Bostonians! Celebrate that you are over the hump with a special dinner. Chef Dante's new menu has something for every tastebud, perhaps the Duck Ragu will warm you up!, Baby it's cold outside! Our cocktails are the perfect winter warmers, stop by today for our January Thaw and cozy up at the bar!, Happy New Year! Start 2016 off on a healthy note, try our Tuna & Beans dish which is packed with nutrients and vitamins., New Year's Eve Special from Chef Dante: Potato & Chive filled Cannelloni with Belgian Siberian Cavier!, Happy Wednesday everyone! Don't want to cook tonight? No problem! Come in for a hearty home-cooked meal or order take out. Have you tried our new Grilled Stuffed Calamari?, Haven't locked down New Year's Eve plans yet? Come ring in 2016 with us! Indulge in the finest Italian cuisine, to then hit the dance floor as our DJ plays 80's hits all night long!, Do you have plans for New Year's Eve? At Dante we are offering a fresh and fabulous menu all night followed by an 80's DJ dance party with NO COVER! Reserve now!

www.restaurantdante.com, The end of 2015 is so close! End the year on a high note by  enjoying some oysters for only $1 everyday between 4 & 6 pm. Perhaps a glass of bubbly will add some luxury to the weekday?, Merry Christmas Eve Eve! Leave the cooking (and dishes) to us tomorrow and come enjoy the Feast of the Seven Fishes. Happy holidays!, WHITE TRUFFLES FROM ALBA HAVE ARRIVED! They are so fresh, sent directly to our restaurants from the source. Come get them shaved over a warm dish of Parmigiano Reggiano risotto or tagliatele pasta. Live a little! ....while supplies last, Christmas week has finally arrived and for a traditional Italian celebration spend Christmas Eve with us at il Casale Belmont and Lexington and Restaurant dante, we will be serving Festa di Pesce per la Vigilia di Natale !

Thank you Boston Chefs for including us in the roundup! http://www.bostonchefs.com/holiday/christmas-eve-boston-restaurants/, Our beloved Pastry Chef, Fortunato Conte, is featured in the Boston Globe with his classic Brutti Ma Buoni cookies!  Call us to order some in advance to have for the holidays or just a decadent weekend!, Happy Monday dante fans! Our dish of the day is our pan seared Duck breast! This beauty is served with creamy carrot puree, citrus mostarda, vincotto, and mustard greens., What’s your favorite seasonal winter beer? We love Sam Adams White Christmas! Keep an eye out for our winter beers and cocktails, available soon.  Our bar is mixing up some creative concoctions., Everyday calls for cheese, but we think Thursdays do especially. We offer some of the best cheeses in the world, and many you may have never heard of! What’s your favorite cheese? #SayCheese, We know Thanksgiving just ended, but our chefs are already working on our holiday specials! We’re very excited about what’s in store for you. In the mean time, why don’t you come on in and enjoy a dish from our menu available all year, like our Grilled Stuffed Calamari ?, Looking to satisfy your constant cheese craving? Our #GrilledCheeseTuesday special has mozzarella, arugula, and pepperoncini, guaranteed to put a smile on your face., What warms you up better than a glass of red wine in the winter? We believe there’s nothing like it. Our wine list is guaranteed to satisfy any and all palettes. Warm up with us!, We firmly believe that our $1 oysters served from 4 - 6 pm are the best and only way to start your weekend. You can even start your week with them. Our $1 oyster special is available every single day. So much time, so many oysters!, Looking for a health kick? Try our Tuna and Beans! Served with gigante beans, chickpeas, borlotti beans, olives, you'll be treating your body to an array of super foods!, Our Tuesday $2 Grilled Cheese special is here to stay through the holidays! Stop in today to see how Chef Dante is putting a twist on this American favorite! #GrilledCheeseTuesdays, We hope you all fully enjoyed your Thanksgiving feasts! If you are in the mood for something on the lighter side, try our Speck & Pears! A light and savory dish of smoke prosciutto, fresh pears, arugula, & hazelnuts over a delicious gorgonzola & mascapone cream, yum!, Black Friday shopping makes us hungry. Dante is conveniently located next to Cambridgeside Mall, so when you want to escape the crowds, find some R&R (and a drink) with us. The Little Robiola Burger is sure to satisfy your hunger. #BlackFriday, Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at Dante! We’re open today from 12-8, so come on by for dinner or the perfect post-dinner drinks that are sure to mellow you out from a long day in the kitchen. #TurkeyDay, Did you know that #ThanksgivingEve is one of the biggest nights to go out? Catch up with some old friends at Dante tonight and indulge in some of our seasonal cocktails., We hope you’re getting ready for Thanksgiving, because we certainly are! This year we’re offering an unbeatable three-course meal complete with four different pies so you don’t ever have to choose. Reserve a table now!, Our three-course Thanksgiving prix fixe menu is loaded with delicious Italian twists on old favorites, such as our cauliflower ravioli. We can’t wait to share this special day with you!, Leave the cooking to us and enjoy your Thanksgiving with loved ones, Eater Boston agrees! Make your reservation today at 617.497.4200 

http://boston.eater.com/2015/11/9/9693586/thanksgiving-prix-fixe-boston-2015, Stay healthy as the cooler months role in and get your dose of Omega 3 from our Arctic Char. This beauty, poached in olive oil, is served with grilled baby romaine and roasted baby turnips., Skip the dishes and come dine with us this Thanksgiving! Thank you Boston Common Magazine for inlcuding our menu in this dining out guide!

http://bostoncommon-magazine.com/where-to-eat-on-thanksgiving, Treat yourself this chilly winter day to some Trippa Alla Romana and stunning views. Our Tripe is tomato braised and comes with chickpeas, parmigiano reggiano, and parsley. Welcome in today!, Our fall menu is here & it is guaranteed to warm up these coming chilly months! We recommend our creamy Ricotta Ravioli, served with a porcini and chestnut sauce, crispy pancetta, and sage. YUM!, Happy Veterans Day! Today we celebrate the men and women that fight to protect our country, over seas and at home. Thank you for your service!, Are you looking to spice up your Tuesday with another Dante special? Today's grilled cheese has mozzarella, broccoli rabe, and red pepper flakes. It's all the kinds of comfort you need on this gloomy day!, Truffle Week has started! If you are looking to indulge in some delectable truffle dishes, come try our truffle honey! It can be found on our Arancini rice balls!, Planning a wedding? Our picture perfect views of the Charles River, unique menu, and talented team will all help make your day one you will late forget. Give us a call at 617.497.4219 for more details!, It certainly feels like summer in November! Come basque in the sun on our patio while sipping on one of our delectable cocktail creations! The Mai Taiming Couldn't Be Better is definitely a favorite., Looking for a place to host a private event? We are designed to host events for any occasion, featuring two lounges, a semi-private dining room, two main dining rooms, a large indoor bar, a large patio, patio bar, and cocktail area. Call 617.497.4219 to get the planning started!, Tuesdays are special here at dante because our $2 Grilled Cheese Special only comes once a week! Tonight we are serving a Jack Pepper Cheese and Pickle grilled cheese. Come try one tonight!, Enjoy a sunny afternoon in the city by riding your bicycle to Restaurant dante. We’re offering free Sfizi to anyone who cycles over to our riverside patio. Gather your cycling buddies and enjoy a free treat, beautiful weather, and scenic views of the Charles and Boston skyline., Happy Halloweekend from the Dante team! Watch out for the ghosts & goblins lurking about and enjoy your spooky celebrations!, Indian Summer has returned and it is a gorgeous day in Boston today! Come enjoy the warm breeze with views of the Charles River and Boston's finest Italian cuisine!, Celebrate Hump Day with the 60 Day Barrel Aged Meletti Manhattan, welcome in!, Grilled Cheese Tuesdays is back! Come by dante for a special $2 treat this chilly evening, tonight's special is with yummy mozzarella cheese, arugala, and pepperoncini!, Make your Monday night a breeze by coming into Restaurant dante for dinner! Try Chef Dante's new take on Italian classics, like our Lamb Spiedini, served with eggplant and tomato sauces, cucumber salad, and grilled flat bread will have you wishing for seconds!, It is chilly out there today Dante fans! Come in and warm up with Chef Dante's Italian dishes. Try the Melanzane - grilled eggplant involtini, ricotta, and tomato sugo. Yum!, Our talented Cocktail Chef Sean Barney has created the perfect fall cocktail - The Cranberry Doughnut Cider cocktail. Come try one today!, Happy Wednesday! Celebrate that you are over the hump with $1 oysters at Restaurant dante between 4 - 6 PM!, Our Bar Manager, Sean Barney, gave his expert tips during Eater Boston Cocktail Week 2015 on everything from weird trends to underrated cocktail ingredients! Read about what his favorite cocktail to make is here - http://boston.eater.com/2015/10/16/9468675/bartender-favorite-cocktails-boston, Thinking of hosting an after work cocktail hour? Consider one of our two lounges. We specialize family style antipasti and other traditional dishes which pair perfectly with cocktails and conversation. Call 617.497.4219 for more details., We know you already rushed to try our Cranberry Cider Doughnut cocktail, but we still have a full cocktail menu perfect for celebrating the final days of #CocktailWeek2015. Try the Cinna-Manhattan if you’re still looking for a taste of the season., Our Southern-Italian fare isn’t like anything you’ve had before. Chef Dante de Magistris uses century-old recipes from his Nonna and cooking tips passed down from his family in Campania. Our cuisine is truly a new take on Italian classics., We’ve been so excited about #NationalPastaMonth but it is also #NationalSeafoodMonth! Restaurant Dante has several ways to celebrate both holidays at the same time. Yeah, we think it’s amazing too. Try our Striped Bass with Clam Chowdah, potato gratina, and pancetta!, Our seasonal Cranberry Cider Doughnut cocktail was featured on Eater Boston’s list of 30 Cider-Themed cocktails for #CocktailWeek2015! Read all about it here: http://boston.eater.com/2015/10/12/9468693/cocktail-week-2015-special-drinks, Happy Columbus Day! How are you spending this holiday? We would love to see you. Stop by for a bite to eat and a sip to drink!, Have you had your pasta yet? We don’t know if you know, but it’s #NationalPastaMonth and you need to celebrate with us! Our Tomato Basil Tufoli pasta will be ready for you!, In the mood for something sweet? The Frittelle dessert, deep-fried balls of goodness is served with chocolate, vanilla, raspberry, and salted caramel sauces for dipping! Yum!, Our Lobster Amatriciana is our favorite way to transition into Autumn, made with spaghetti, guanciale, tomatoes, and hot pepperoncini. We’re really relishing in the glory that is #NationalPastaMonth, Have you explored our wine list yet? All of our dishes can be perfectly paired with a glass (or bottle, of course) off the menu. Ask your server for some expert advice!, Whoever came up with the Monday blues clearly never spent a Monday with us! Try our Cranberry Cider Doughnut cocktail with cranberry, apple, and cinnamon infused rum! Perfect for getting into the Fall festivities, It has been a cold week! Fortunately, our kitchen and bar are ready to warm you up. Enjoy a glass of our family wine - our very own Phoenix label Fiano di Avelino. This is a “tre bicchieri” winner, the highest award from one of the most prestigious publications in Italy, Gambero Rosso., It’s the first day of October, and while you may be cursing the early beginnings of cold weather, we’re rejoicing the beginning of National Pasta Month! There’s no better place to celebrate than Restaurant dante #NationalPastaMonth, Happy hump day! Treat yourself for making it halfway through the week with our cut of the day, Vavette and a side of our mouth-watering potato fries made with herb sea salt, Parmigiano Reggiano, and topped off with truffle ketchup. Enjoy!, Need some spice in your Tuesday? Our $2 grilled cheese special has it all! Today's gooey creation has pepperoncini, arugula, and Asiago cheese. Welcome in!, Guys! Grab your friends and prepare for the coming week by rooting for your favorite team during Monday night football at Restaurante Dante and enjoy our delicious Little Robiola Burger., Happy Friday, Dante fans! This week has been our first chilly one for months. We want to know what your favorite Dante dish is to warm up with this season. Ragu Bolognese? Lamb Spiedini? Gnocchi?  #WinterIsComing, It’s almost the weekend! Get through the final work days with a little Italian break. This beautiful Caprese salad will make the hours just fly by! Happy Fall!, It’s the first day of Fall, Boston! Indulge in the flavors of the season with our Skeleton IPA, now on tap. But don’t worry, we have more of your seasonal favorites coming next week!, Get acquainted with a lesser known Italian antipasto dish in our grilled cheese today! Tuesday's $2 special is loaded with smooth mozzarella, spicy arugula, and peperonata, which is a delicious blend of peppers, tomatoes, and onions. Mangia!, Come check out the options on our new and improved menu. Featuring a wide range of mouthwatering plates such as Roasted Peaches, Striped Bass and the Ragu Bolognese (seen here), we can’t decide what to recommend first! Pair any of our signature dishes with a glass of Italian wine., Get your Burger fix on this special day! Chef Dante is cooking up his LITTLE ROBIOLA BURGER. A prime beef burger served with pancetta, robiola cheese, smoked pepper sauce, and arugula #NationalCheeseburgerDay, Our bar and lounge is the perfect spot for an after-work cocktail and oysters. Come relax and enjoy our signature cocktails and $1 Oysters from 4-6pm served nightly, Do you know what goes perfectly with sunny days like this? Our outdoor patio! Come enjoy a cool glass of wine under the warm Bostonian sun, celebrate #HumpDay the Italian way!, Grilled Cheese Tuesday's come once a week! Today we are serving up a Asiago cheese, arugula, and pepperoncini Grilled Cheese for just $2! Enjoy!, Restaurant dante is shaking up some serious cocktails this Monday night! Join us after work for this delicious drink - the Black Dahlia: cranberry & black tea vodka, lemon juice, and house grenadine!, Gnocchi is on the menu tonight! Chef Dante invites you to come indulge in his twist on this Italian classic! Our potato dumplings are served with grilled corn, sweet pomodorini and ricotta salata., Treat yourself this Thursday to a twist on classic Italian dishes by Chef Dante! Stop by for a treat from the sea - Grilled Octopus!, The week is just more than half way done! Give yourself that mid-week treat to keep your engines running and stop in at Restaurant dante for a Boston classic Sam Adams Seasonal, or a glass of any of our refreshing white wines., Grilled Cheese Tuesdays are back! Join us tonight after the long weekend for an Asiago cheese, tomato, and basil mayo grilled cheese. Mangia!, Happy Labor Day Weekend! Come see us for some breathtaking views, new twists on Italian classics, and our family wine, including our very own Phoenix label Fiano di Avelino!, It’s peach season! Stop by Restaurant dante for dinner and try Chef Dante’s take on Roasted Peaches, served with gorgonzola dolce, guanciale, and pistachios. It’ll melt in your mouth., Looking for a place to host a private event? We are designed to host events for any occasion, featuring two lounges, a semi-private dining room, two main dining rooms, a large indoor bar, a large patio, patio bar, and cocktail area. Call 617.497.4219 to get the planning started!, Although we are celebrating our re-launch, we haven’t gotten rid of some of the old favorites. Treat yourself with our Grilled Cheese Tuesdays. Every week we offer a unique grilled cheese at the bar and lounge for only $2. Tonight’s featured sandwich is with spicy broccoli rabe and mozzarella!, Finish off the first day of the week by joining us at Restaurant dante for some good cooking. Take your special someone out to dinner or order for take out! Give us a call at 617-497 4200!, Enjoy the start of the weekend by taking a walk along the Charles River to Restaurante Dante.  Make it a couple’s night out, or dinner with friends as Chef Dante de Magistris prepares the finest Italian cuisine with many new takes on Italian classics. Try the Striped Bass served with clam chowdah, potato gratina, and pancetta!, It's a beautiful day in Boston. Ride your bikes to Restaurant dante's riverside patio - we’re offering free Sfizi to anyone who cycles over. Gather your cycling buddies and enjoy a free treat, beautiful weather, and a little friendly competition on the Bocce Ball court while enjoying scenic views of the Charles and Boston skyline., Treat your sweet tooth to Chef Dante's Frittelle tonight! The Venetian style fried dough is served with chocolate, vanilla, raspberry, and salted caramel dipping sauces!, It's Grilled Cheese Tuesday! Stop by Restaurant dante tonight for a magical view and $2 Grilled Cheese served in the bar and lounge. Tonight's special is the Mozzarella, Pepperoncini, Arugula Grilled Cheese! Mangia!, Our bar and lounge is the perfect spot for an after-work cocktail and oysters. Come relax and enjoy our signature cocktails and $1 Oysters from 4-6pm served nightly!, Happy Friday! Start the weekend off right by relaxing by the water and enjoying the best views in the city., A treat for the eyes as well as the mouth, our Caprese Salad is wonderfully colorful and equally delicious!, Happy Wednesday! Try something new for dinner tonight – Chef Dante de Magistris has introduced a brand new menu featuring new takes on Italian classics. He recommends the Ragu Bolognese - il Casale's traditional meat sauce served with tagliatelle! Mangia!, Although we are celebrating our re-launch, we haven’t gotten rid of some of the old favorites. Treat yourself with our Grilled Cheese Tuesdays. Every week we offer a unique grilled cheese at the bar and lounge for only $2. Tonight’s featured sandwich is the Carrozza with fried mozzarella, prosciutto, & raw tomato sugo!, Try something unique for dinner tonight – Chef Dante de Magistris has introduced a brand new menu featuring new takes on Italian classics. He recommends the Grilled Octopus served with grilled potatoes, mustard greens, and an olive vinaigrette, Summertime means sipping rosé in the sun, and we have a new selection that will be the most refreshing wine you enjoy this season. Our Nebbiolo d' Alba d.o.c. Spumante Rose Metodo Classico Vintage is an exclusive lot of sparkling rosé from the producer Josetta Saffirio. Made in the Champagne style, this rosé is created from 2009 Nebbiolo grapes in Alba. We bet you can’t have just one glass…, Enjoy a sunny afternoon in the city by riding your bicycle to Restaurant dante. We’ve set up our Bocce Ball court for the season and we’re offering free Sfizi to anyone who cycles over to our riverside patio. Gather your cycling buddies and enjoy a free treat, beautiful weather, and a little friendly competition while enjoying scenic views of the Charles and Boston skyline., Looking for a place to host a private event? We are designed to host events for any occasion, featuring two lounges, a semi-private dining room, two main dining rooms, a large indoor bar, a large patio, patio bar, and cocktail area. Call 617.497.4219 to get the planning started!, Did you know that we have our own line of family wines? Try these exclusive selections straight from Campania with our new Family Wine Flight. We’ve chosen five of our favorite selections, including our very own Phoenix label Fiano di Avelino. This is a “tre bicchieri” winner, the highest award from one of the most prestigious publications in Italy, Gambero Rosso. You won’t find these wines anywhere else!, Beat the Monday blues by grabbing some friends for a few after-work drinks and appetizers. With a bar indoors and on the patio, you can enjoy the lively atmosphere no matter what the weather brings., Happy Friday! Start the weekend off right by relaxing by the water and enjoying the best views in the city., Our Southern-Italian fare isn’t like anything you’ve had before. Chef Dante de Magistris uses century-old recipes from his Nonna and cooking tips passed down from his family in Campania. Our cuisine is truly a new take on Italian classics., Happy Wednesday! Spend the day in the sun by enjoying a refreshing cocktail on our outdoor patio. We recommend the Mai Taiming Couldn’t Be Better – our delicious take on a traditional Mai Tai made with kumquat-infused light and gold rums., Notice anything different? We are celebrating our official re-launch with new signage, a brand new logo, and a new menu with delicious additions and old favorites. Come experience our new take on Italian classics., null, Summer evenings on our patio, Join us tonight as we host our annual July 4th beer dinner! This year's dinner will feature five courses paired with Jacks Abby brews. 
The dinner starts at 7:30pm. See menu below.
Call 617.497.4200 to make your reservation., Celebrate #openingday with us and our amazing new menu!, Join us for Easter Sunday on April 5th, 2015. We'll be open for special hours from 12:30pm to 8:00pm. Alongside our a la carte menu, we will be offering a traditional Italian Easter menu which features century old recipes. Additionally, from 12:30pm to 3:00pm we will have available some brunch items. Our classic Italian Easter menu additions:

PIZZA CHIENA ~ Italian style quiche, egg, ricotta, basket cheese, prosciutto, sopressata, field greens, aged balsamic.

EASTER LAMB ~ tufoli pasta, spring lamb ragu, grilled lamb chop, egg stuffing, pine nuts, raisins.

PASTIERA ~ Neapolitan Easter pie, ricotta, soft wheat berries, orange blossom, malted vanilla gelato.

Make reservations today before they fill up!, Today is all about dreaming of patio season..., Brrrrr, it sure is a cold one today. We are offering some great $5 sfizi (our version of small plates) Monday - Friday from 4-6pm until March 20th as part of the #DigOutDineOut Promotion. Stop in and say HI!!!, A big warm THANK YOU to all who came out last night for a sweet snowy Valentine's Day evening. This morning our staff is slowly and safely making their way back to the restaurant to do it again, we'll be OPEN TONIGHT!  And for some special love to all those reading this, if you come in tonight, tell your server "The Snowman sent me" when you place your order, and you'll receive a complimentary arancini. Just a little thank you for rolling with us throughout this snowy season., Can't beat the view! We will be open normal hours tonight. Parking is available in The Royal Sonesta Hotel Boston parking garage or across the street in The Cambridgeside Galleria. Come in stay warm and leave full!, Yep, more snow. We've got hot pasta, cold beer and big smiles! Open normal hours all weekend!, Come get out of the cold with a hot off the press $2 grilled cheese!! Tonight's offering: Broccoli Rabe, cheddar and red pepper flakes!, Compared to last week this is just a dusting right? Either way we're open this evening!, Thanks to all those who helped us get thru the madness of the #snowpocalypse2015 We appreciate all of the linemen, plow drivers, Royal Sonesta Hotel Boston employees, hospital employees and all of the public service employees as well. You truly mean the world to us. Thank you!!, Are you ready?, Tonight's Grilled Cheese is Cheddar, Arugula, Pepperoncini! We are switching some taps tonight as well! Stop by and find out what's new!, In honor of the big win last night we have dropped the price of our dinner with Clown Shoes Beer tomorrow night to $50 per person call today to reserve your seats! Did we mention its 5 courses with beer pairings??, Come watch the game with us tomorrow night!  We'll have complimentary bruschetta at the bar and each time the Pats score, we'll send around our arancini to celebrate! #gopats!, Have you ever wondered what the smell of victory is like? ARANCINI! Every time the Patriots score a touch down we will be firing up Arancini and passing them around the bar and lounge. Additionally you'll enjoy complimentary Pomodoro Bruschetta. This Sunday only. See you then! Go Pats!!!!, il Casale Lexington on Phantom Gourmet...., Let us do the cooking, sit back, relax and enjoy the game! GO PATS!!!, Tonight's Grilled Cheese: Cheddar, Broccoli Rabe, and red pepper flakes for just $2!! Don't forget about our beer dinner next week with Clown Shoes! Call to make your reservation today!, A few highlights: lobster, pancetta pizza frittas, smoked tea & citrus shrimp, boar ragu, venison, Clown Shoes Beer? This menu is getting us excited for next Tuesday's beer dinner!, We will be hosting a beer dinner with Clown Shoes Brewing on Tuesday January 20th! Starts at 6 pm, $55 per person, Call to book your table today 617-497-4200, these seats won't last!, We here at Restaurant Dante would like to thank you all from the bottom of our hearts for a great 2014! We have some exciting events in the next few months! Stay Tuned! Buon Anno!!!, Dance floor is open with no cover! Stop by and say hi!, Restaurant Dante still has a few spots for our Annual NYE wine dinner, this year we are featuring Bertani wines, what's better than a nice glass of Amarone with some venison to warm you up on a cold night? Or maybe you are just looking for a party, we have that option as well. Starting at 11:30 PM we will have DJ Adilson spinning all your favorites with no cover! What are you waiting for? Call us today to reserve your spot!, Our NYE menu has been finalized! Take a look at it @ restaurantdante.com! Call now to book your spot!, Looking for last minute plans for a NYE celebration? We have you covered!! We will be putting on a 5 course wine dinner paired with the world famous Bertani wines, followed by a night of dancing with none other than DJ Adilson! Call to reserve your spot today!, Buon Natale a tutti da parte del personale a Dante! We will be open for our Feast of the seven fishes from 5pm to 9pm tonight. We still have a few reservations left!, We still have some reservations available for our Christmas Eve Feast of seven fishes. Call today to reserve your spot!, We will be closed this evening for a private event, however we do have reservations available at our other restaurants: Il Casale Lexington/781.538.5846 or  Il Casale Belmont/617.209.4942. Have a happy night!, Our bartender Joe has been as busy as an elf creating this Nuttycane Nectar for the Local 149 first annual Christmas Cocktail Competition.  He's headed over now for what promises to be a very festive evening.  Join him and a great list of local bartenders as they kick off the competition at 8pm!, Still looking for a place for your holiday party? We have multiple spaces for multiple size parties. Send an inquiry today to events@restaurantdante.com. Also all you industry folk we have you covered. Ask about our special rates for January!, Need some holiday gift ideas? How about a Restaurant Dante Gift Card? For every $100 you spend, you get an extra $25!! Give a gift and get a gift!, Good luck to our team in The Fernet Scavenger Hunt today! Remember to drink responsibly!!!, Dry turkey? Burnt pies? Dont feel like cooking or doing dishes? Don't worry we have you covered from 1pm -8pm! A few spots still available for Thanksgiving dinner. Walk ins welcome. We are truly thankful for all of those that have made us what we are., null, Don't feel like sitting in traffic tonight? We have your solution!! $2 grilled cheese, $1 oysters and all the cold beer you can drink!, We still have some spots left for our 3 course Thanksgiving Dinner, call now to book with us!! (617) 497-4200, Don't forget tomorrow night starting at 9, half priced apps, game on the tv's and Fernet!! What else could you ask for???????, Sunday Night, Football, Half-Priced Apps, Fernet and Fernet Schwag giveaways! Be here, tell your friends!, We will be closed today for a private event but our bar will be open tonight for Sunday night football! Congratulations to Amanda & Max!!! We are honored to be part of your special day!, Chef Dante is honored to have had the opportunity to cook for Mayor Menino.  Today we remember him and all that he did for his city.  He is a true legacy in Boston. Our thoughts are with his family., null, Viewing parties tonight at all three of our restaurants. 50% off late night menus during the show. Come in and watch with us!

http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/names/2014/10/21/top-chef-features-boston-first-responders/SQIZQ39TiKr18ATvtbJ9HN/story.html, Don't forget tomorrow night we are offering our late night menu half price from 9pm til 11pm in honor of our brother restaurant il Casale in Belmont and Chef Dante being on Top Chef! We will have it on so you can celebrate with us!!!, Next Wednesday night!  Join us for a Top Chef viewing party while we watch our own Chef Dante and our Belmont restaurant make their show debut.  We’ll be offering 50% off our new late night bar menu.  Show starts at 10pm!


http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2014/10/17/dante-de-magistris-hosting-top-chef-viewing-parties-next-week/, null, Don't forget tonight starts our new late night menu! Just getting out of work at night & you're starving? We've got you covered! Free parking behind the hotel!, Listen up all you night owls!! We are rolling out a new late night menu starting this Monday night! So whether you are just getting out of work, getting out of a game, concert or just don't feel like cooking stop by!!!!, Calling all B's Fans!!! Going to the game tonight or any home game in the 2014-2015 season? Stop by Restaurant Dante in your gear and the first 10 fans that mention this post will get a order of our famous meatballs on us, while supplies last of course!, Going to opening night tonight at the garden? Stop in on your way or after the game for a quick drink or two!!, We are looking for a part time host. Mon-Friday. Please inbox us if you want to join an amazing team!!, The absolute perfect day for a fall wedding. Congratulations Leah & Seann!!, We are liking the looks of this. Can't wait to see (and taste) the new fall menu!, Come watch the big game tonight and ask for the combo! $16 gets you a Sam Adams Boston Lager, Order of our famous meatballs, and an order of Panzerotti!! Available only during the game!!, It's Grilled Cheese Tuesday! Today's GC is pickled  vegetables and cheddar cheese., Testing options for an upcoming menu change. Who would like to see a paella on the menu?, Tonight we welcomed Twenty Boat Rum for the launch of their new Cape Cod Amber line. On a night like tonight the warm spiced Amber apple cider was a big hit!, Wedding tasting time! A pasta trio of our al pomodoro, pesto and ravioli., Tonight's view is nothing short of spectacular!, Thank you to all of our great guests this summer. Without you we wouldn't have earned this! We look forward to seeing you all again this fall/winter when we roll out some new & exciting programs! Stay tuned more details to follow!, We will be closed tomorrow and will reopen at 2:30 on Tuesday 9/2/14, but we are open all night tonight!!! Come enjoy one of the last days of summer with us!!, Happy start to the long weekend! Enjoying the unbeatable view of the river against a cloudless sky.  Who wants to join us?, null, null, Today our team accepted the ALS #icebucketchallenge from Biltmore Bar and Grill and Local 149. We are challenging our brother restaurants Il Casale Belmont, Il Casale Lexington and our neighbors ArtBarCambridge! You have 24 hours to accept this challenge and raise awareness., null, Tonight's $2 formaggio alla griglia (grilled cheese) consists of Auricchio cheese, pepperoncini, and cured tomato. Stop in and say hi!!!, Tonight's menu addition! Roasted whole bronzini, confit tomato, fennel parmesan broth, grilled lemon, null, We will be closed tonight for a private party, we hope to see you tomorrow when we re-open for regular service!, $2 grilled cheese day!!! Today's offering is arugula, ricotta salata, agro e dolce peppers!! $1 oysters til 6 and the big game will be on all of the tv's at both bars! Stop by and say hi!!, Seems like the perfect night to sit on the patio and try one of our new summer cocktails!, A little rain never stopped anyone from celebrating the "4th" on our patio!, Due to Arthur's arrival we have decided to cancel our 2nd annual beer dinner with Mayflower Brewing Company. We will be open for normal dining service. We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused., Our Mayflower Brewing Beer Dinner is still on for Friday the 4th! We have seats available, please call the restaurant to make reservations!, $2 grilled cheese, $1 oysters, 8 ice cold beers on tap, the big game on all of the tv's and you can watch the firework barge go up the river! GO USA!!!!!, Just under one week left til we celebrate the nation's bday!! Call to reserve your seats for our 2nd annual beer dinner!!, Chef Dante is putting the finishing touches on the 4th of July Mayflower Brewing Company beer dinner menu!, Have you made your 4th of July plans yet?? Limited space is still available for our Partnered beer dinner with Mayflower Brewing. Call us today to save your spot!!, Celebrating the start of Summer with a wedding this evening. Cocktail hour on the patio!, null, FORZA ITALIA!!!! Come hang out on the patio and watch the big game!, Have you seen any Top Chef judges out while dining recently?
http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2014/06/10/top-chef-judges-are-here-filming-and-dining/ObWZj591hav0qXtvH3xdFI/story.html, null, Cocktail hour at one of our recent weddings, We will be closed today and tomorrow for private weddings, but we hope to see you on the patio Monday!  Happy Memorial Day weekend., null, We are in need of a solid bartender for the summer season. Restaurant Dante boasts 2 full bars, 1 of only 2 on the charles river. Please send your resume to tom@restaurantdante.com GO B'S!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, Have you made plans for Mother's Day yet? We still have some reservations available. We are open from 11:30-6 and we are offering a $50 3 course menu., We will be closed today for a private event. We will re open tomorrow at 2:30. GO B'S!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, Tonight we are offering a 3 course prix fixe dinner for $36!!

1st course: Roasted cauliflower bisque with smoked shrimp, wild mushrooms, & brown truffle butter.

2nd course: Spring lamb ragu, with mint & Parmigiano Reggiano

3rd course: Ricotta pie with soft wheat berries, orange blossom & malted vanilla gelato, Buona Pasqua!! Dante is preparing century old dishes, each made according to closely guarded family recipes. For all of you runners that are in the city we are doing a bottomless pasta tonight as well. Come carb up before the big race tomorrow! Buon Appetito!, In addition to our menu tonight, we are featuring a slow roasted blue fish, butternut squash ravioli, black truffle parmesan sauce, Lamb Jam Boston is this Sunday at the Royal Sonesta Hotel Boston. We are excited to be participating in the VIP hour with Chef Louis of Tavern Road, Chef Will of Puritan & Company and Chef Jamie of Coppa Enoteca and @toroboston & Toro NYC!!  Come check out the lamb charcuterie each of these guys will be serving.  Get your tickets now! , An addition to our regular menu this evening, we are offering a grilled salmon with slow roasted fennel and mushroom risotto croquette, Good luck to our friends competing in the Cochon 555 competition tonight! We will see you next week for the Lamb Jam! Show them what Boston is all about!, It's the weekend!! Games are on, beer is flowing and don't forget our feature running until tomorrow! $10 gets you an order of Dante's famous meatballs and a pint of Sam Adams 26.2!!, Hope to see you this evening!, Opening day is hours away, but we will be celebrating all weekend!  Come in to the bar or lounge Friday through Sunday and order a pint of Sam Adams 26.2 + an order of our meatballs for only $10. GO SOX!!, Tonight's $2 grilled cheese is grilled eggplant, pepperonata, mozzarella! Stop by and say hi!, It's opening day across the majors, come celebrate your hometown champs with $1 oyters til 6pm!!, If you are at the Boston Magazine Food Bazaar tonight, stop by for some of our panzarotti!, It's $2 Grilled Cheese Tuesdays at the bar tonight! Tonight's offering is watercress & mozzarella., Chef Dante is honored to be in the line up of Chef's for the East End House's Cooking for a Cause event on Friday, April 4th!, 22 new menu items, March Madness on all day and our Beverage Director Tom is on the bar slinging drinks. Stop by and say Hi!!, New menu briefing tonight!, Chef Dante hopes to see you on Tuesday night at Boston Magazine's Food Bazaar!, Happy first day of Spring!  Hurry up patio season!!, Come by for the last night of our pumpkin whistle manhattan, this favorite is going away until the fall. Don't miss out!, Guess what just came in??, Get out of the cold and enjoy some Clown Shoes Space Cake! For a limited time only!!!, The word for snow in Italian is neve. That being said, we are open tonight even with the neve coming down., We're open this evening! Seems like the perfect night for some pasta and a glass of red!, We will be closing tonight @9pm for out staff holiday party! We will reopen tomorrow at normal hours., Snow special! Starting this evening, we are offering a glass of this Barolo, usually $22/glass, for only $10/glass., We still have some reservations for tomorrow evening! Call 617.497.4200 to reserve your table., We will be closed this evening for a private event, but we look forward to seeing you this weekend!, Have you made your Christmas Eve dinner plans?  We will be serving our Italian style "Festa di pesce per la vigilia di natale" (feast of the seven fishes).  Come in to enjoy some of Chef Dante's treasured Nonna's family dishes. Call us at 617.497.4200 to reserve  your table!, Chef Dante is headed over to Copley Place today to join the #globesanta sleigh. Stop by and join him in spreading holiday cheer to families in need. There will be biscotti, hot cocoa and SANTA!, The winner of the 2013 Best Dressed Dog Pageant has been crowned. Congratulations to Chris Frothingham and @vinebrookravern!!, The hardware has arrived for Sunday's Pageant!!  #dantecookoff2013 #dantesdogpageant  2-6pm - $20 at the door, null, Guess who is donating all of the grass-fed beef hotdogs for the annual cook off this year - Savenor's!! Now it really can't get any better!  See you on the 17th for The Best Dressed Dog Pageant., We are so excited to announce the list of chefs that will be participating in our 2013 Cook off: THE BEST DRESSED DOG PAGEANT!

Jamie Bissonnette, Toro / Coppa
Anthony Caturano, Prezza
Brian Dandro, ArtBar
Evan Deluty, Stella / 29 Sudbury
Louis DiBiccari, Tavern Road
Tiffani Faison & Dan Raia, Sweet Cheeks
Jeff Fournier, 51 Lincoln / Waban Kitchen
Chris Frothingham, Vine Brook Tavern
Will Gilson, Puritan & Company
Colin Lynch, Barbara Lynch Gruppo
Sam Monsour, JM Curley
Matthew Morello, Brasserie28
Rodney Murillo, Davio’s
Jason Santos, Blue Inc./Abby Lane/Back Bay Harry’s
Frank Toohey, The Neighborhood Restaurant Group, Biltmore Bar & Grille / Local 149
Josh Ziskin, La Morra


Sunday, November 17th 
2:00pm - 6:00pm
Tickets are $20 at the door, null, Announcing this years cook off: The Best Dressed Dog Pageant!!  NOVEMBER 17th, 2-6pm.  Sorry, real pooches not allowed., We have a busy November ahead of us!  It starts with 90+ Cellars Kickoff to the Holidays event on November 3rd.  And save the date for November 17th - it's our Annual Cookoff!!, Thank you to Jenny Johnson - NECN and Billy Costa for your continued love and support of the Boston area Restaurant scene!  We are excited to see what the next chapter holds for TV Diner!  #ThanksTVDiner!!, We are honored to be a part of the Alzheimer's Association Food for Thought Campaign again this year. Stop in this afternoon through Saturday for our arancini with porcini risotto, scamorza and truffle honey. All proceeds of everybody's favorite sfizi will be donated to the campaign! 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2_jlx11s834, Got a case of end of summer blues? Luckily for you our patio is still open!!, Tonight's awesome offering!, Dante and his brothers brought us back a treat from Italy: truffles!! Come try this mafalde pasta with with little neck clams, our fennel sausage, broccoli from the garden, pregiati truffles and colatura di alici.  Delizioso!, Guests not only took in river views this evening - they also had a front row to the beautiful moon!, Did you know it's Grill Cheese Tuesday?? Tonight's rendition is African purple basil pesto with mozzarella and tomato!, Tom has decided to piggyback Restaurant week with a brand new beer list! Stop by and check it out!, We are offering our full menu as well as our always awesome Restaurant Week menu! Come sit on our patio and enjoy the beautiful weather!, It's a beautiful night on the Charles! Come by and hang out at one of our 2 beautiful bars!!, We will be closed this evening for a private event.  Enjoy your Saturday and see you tomorrow!, Sad because you missed the Dogfish Head Beer Dinner on the 4th, no need to worry We still have them on tap!! Stop by tonight before they are gone!, Happy Fourth of July!  Come celebrate at the patio bar this evening!, Dante has put the final touches on the Fourth of July beer dinner menu!  We can't wait to have Dogfish Head Beer brewery and Dante explain the idea behind the collaborations. Have you made your reservation yet? 617.497.4200, Summer is here, have you joined us on the patio yet?!, It seems like this weekend will be a good time to try our Black Dahlia while sitting on the patio!, The menu is almost complete for our Fourth of July beer dinner.  Here are the Dogfish Head Beer options that we started with. It was a tough decision, but over the next few weeks, we'll reveal the the five that will be featured at the dinner!, 4th OF JULY!!  This year we will be hosting a unique Italian American inspired beer dinner featuring beers from Dogfish Head Beer. It will be a five course, prix fixe with beer parings.  The evening kicks off at 6:30pm with a cocktail hour on the patio. Price is $115/person. Please call 617.497.4200 for information and reservations., null, Although the (highly successful) Boston Bites Back event has passed, the auction is open until Wednesday. Have you put your bid in yet? We may be biased, but our favorite item is the "Get Inked, Get Fed". 
https://www.charitybuzz.com/catalog_items/356602?ref=org, Tonight is the night!  Will we see you there?  Stop by the table for our traditional meatballs with San Marzano tomato sugo., We are honored to be a part of this amazing event.  Kudos to Ming and Ken for bringing us all together for The ONE FUND.  We hope to see you there!, For the safety of our guests and staff members, we will be closed this evening.  We are keeping all of those who are protecting our region in our thoughts. Please stay safe!, Please join us tonight at Tavern Road to help raise funds for Boston's The One Fund.  Proceeds will be donated.  It starts tonight at 11pm.  We truly hope to see you there., We are open if you need to charge your phone, a place to meet etc., Looking for some part time work this summer? Do you have bartending experience? Stop by or inbox us your resume. If you haven't been here, we offer 2 bars, one on a patio that overlooks the Boston Skyline. We hope to hear from you soon!!, Celebrate the Boston Marathon with a 26.2 Brew at Restaurant dante! http://pbxx.it/ogEg, Just a reminder that tonight is the It's My Heart Fundraiser!  Stop in from 4-8pm to be a part of this very good cause., Looking for something to bring to Easter brunch or dinner?  Why not try our Pastry Chef Fortunato's Pastiera Napoletana?  We will also be serving it on Sunday at both Restaurant dante and il Casale.

http://food.bangordailynews.com/recipe-video/Pastiera-Napoletana.html, Join us April 7th for a Great Cause - Fundraiser supporting It's My Heart Organization courtesy of dante alum Sam Kanter. Come for great apps, drinks and insane raffle items: https://www.facebook.com/events/121112614746149/, Week 2 of Restaurant Week. What are you waiting for?? Stop by tonight!!, Oh look, more snow.  Who else is looking forward to our patio, warm temps, and this bar?!, Restaurant Week is here!!  Check out all of our menus!!

http://restaurantdante.com/, Restaurant Week is here!!  Check out all of our menus!!

www.restaurantdante.com, Which treat from our pastry department do you prefer for a late afternoon snack?, These are available all winter long!!, Are you suffering from cabin fever?? We have your remedies here!! Stop by for a Winter Warmer Cider and some of dante's famous meat balls!!, Yes, we will be open this evening!  Come in for dinner and/or cocktails and enjoy the snow falling against this view.


Bonus: it's below 32 degrees, so with the purchase of a Winter Warmer Cider cocktail you'll receive a free sfizi of your choice., January 16th 2013, We've got beer, wings and football!! What else could you ask for on a snowy Sunday! Stop by and say Hi!, We still have space available for Valentine's Day, Call us to make a reservation before it's too late!!, Come watch the big game tomorrow with us and enjoy our Italian spin on your favorite game day snacks!!, Brrrr, come in from the cold and warm up at Restaurant dante! From now until February 10th, if from sunrise to sunset it drops below 32 degrees, receive a free sfizi of your choice with the purchase of a Winter Warmer Cider cocktail!, Don't forget!  Tonight is the night that Dante is guest chef at Stella Restaurant and Bar. Four courses for $40/person. See you later on!

http://www.bostonstella.com/menus/Guest%20Chef/dante_menu_2013.html, Check out the photo of Chef Dante and Chef Ernesto in the Herald today.  Wednesday evening was a great success and we are honored to have been a part of it!

http://bostonherald.com/inside_track/inside_track/2013/01/tracked_down_alan_alda_joakim_noah_aaron_hernandez_and_more, We are thrilled to be hosting the Italian Consulate Galla this evening.  After two months of prepping via Skype, Chef Ernesto Iaccarino of the famed Ristorante Don Alfonso 1890, and Chef Dante are together in the kitchen prepping for their incredible four course dinner.  More to come..., After an afternoon of playing around in the kitchen, this has been created: duck "soup" ravioli, fried liver and whole wheat biscottate.  It's so good, we've made more.  Come in tonight and try it!, Mark your calendar! Dante will be the guest chef at Stella Restaurant and Bar on Monday, January 21st.  His menu will be available from 5:30 - 10:30pm and will feature four courses for $40/person. We are looking forward to it!, Wishing all of our friends and staff members happiness in 2013! We look forward to seeing you in the new year., null, Although we suggest buying tickets ahead of time for our New Years Eve Anti-Resolution Cocktail Party, tickets will be available at the door.  You can pre-purchase here: http://www.eventbrite.co.uk/event/4748742617, Anti Resolution New Years Eve Party at Restaurant Dante http://conta.cc/VhTXlo, While Chef Dante prepares for Christmas Eve dinner, he wants to wish you all a Buon Natale!!, Plenty of time still available for that last minute gift! We have gift certificates in any denomination available!!, Have you made your holiday dinner plans yet? Check out our Christmas eve menu at restaurantdante.com, Gorgeous salumi and cheese display for one of our events this evening., Looking for a place to watch the big game tonight?? Stop by and cheer on the hometown team and try some of our wonderful new dishes!!, What are you doing tonight!?  Join Chef Dante and local celebs at the Youk's Kids event "Not Your Average Idol". 7:30pm at Royale. Tickets are available at the door., Planning a holiday gathering this season?  Fabulous food and views of the Charles River make Restaurant dante unforgettable. Contact our Event Director Kelly for details on all of our spaces:  617.497.4219 or events@restaurantdante.com, Check out our new photos of the Calzone Dethrone.  Big congratulations again to the winners: First place - Colin Lynch of Menton, Second place - Phil Frattaroli of Ducali and Third place Matthew Morello of Brasserie 28 restaurant + lounge, Burn the turkey? Stuffing too dry? Not enough pie to go around? Don't worry we have you covered. We are open from 4pm - 10pm tonight with a full thanksgiving menu! Go Pats!!, Thank you to all of the Chefs and guests for making this event another memorable one!, It's Calzone Dethrone day! Boston's hottest chefs competing to create an Italian favorite, gorgeous day, and football on the TV's.  Where else would you spend a Sunday Funday? TICKETS ARE STILL AVAILABLE AT THE DOOR. See you at 2pm!, Since many of our friends have been asking if they can purchase tickets at the door, the answer is YES.  Please let us know you will be attending and we will see you Sunday!, null, Less than one week until our annual cook off.  Come watch Evan Deluty from Stella get dethroned at the Unknown Calzone Dethrone!  Have your bought your tickets yet?

Sunday, November 18th
2-5pm

http://www.eventbrite.co.uk/event/4740748707, Fall is in the air, stop by tonight and try out some of our new menu items!!, This is a great cause to help out those in need!, Congratulations to our brother restaurant il Casale as Boston Magazine has named it as one of the top 50 restaurants of 2012!!

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/articles/2012/10/50-best-restaurants-2012-main/, First there was the Chili Cookoff, then the Ballbrawl followed by the Ravioli Rumble. And who could forget our Soupslurpdown and Sausagefest?  WELL GET READY, because our 6th annual cookoff is back and it is time to dethrone Evan!
 
UNKNOWN CALZONE DETHRONE
Sunday, November 18th 2-5pm

Some of Boston's top chefs will be competing to create the best calzone, not to mention bragging rights for the next year.  Rain or shine - come be the judge! 

Tickets are $20/person.  You can buy them at the door or pre-purchase at the link below for guaranteed entry. 

http://www.eventbrite.co.uk/event/4740748707, 3 new beers coming on the bar!!, In celebration of Italian Heritage month, come in and enjoy an Italian beer and Chef Dante's Carne meatballs for just $8! 
We are serving this special in the bar and lounge from 5-7pm daily until October 31st!, Look who was on the Martha Stewart Radio show today talking about Mitt Romney's favorite dishes!, Walking into the Martha Stewart Radio show today, It's Tuesday and fall is in the air.  Join us tonight from 4-10pm for our Mortadella and Caciotti du Bufala grilled cheese!, Are you attending any of the Boston Cocktail Summit events at the Royal Sonesta?? Stop by and try some of our infusion cocktails sponsored by Diageo!! Thanks Jeanette!!, Here are some pics from the Emilia Romagna dinner we had this past Monday. Thank you wine Cosortium and Chef Filippo Artioli!!

http://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.508165935877788.131114.280407538653630&type=1&fb_source=message, The Annual Patio Cookoff is November 18th, from 2-5, stay tuned for details...., Tonight's Grilled Cheese: Prosciutto, Walnut pesto, and Fresh Mozzarella. Swing by and say hi to Kayla and Amanda, tell them Tom sent you!!, Check out Chef Dante's soppressata party snacks in Food and Wine mag... http://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/soppressata-bundles-with-radicchio-and-goat-cheese, Still tickets available for the Emilia Romagna wine dinner on Monday - check it out in the Chowder roundup: http://blogs.bostonmagazine.com/chowder/2012/09/21/edible-events-september-edition/.... and buy tickets here: http://emiliawine.eventbrite.co.uk/, Chef Dante is participating in the Sustainable Seafood Gala next Fri. Check it out and buy tickets here:
https://www.fundraise.com/boston-seafood-festival/sustainable-seafood-gala, It's $2 GRILLED CHEESE TUESDAY!! What else do you have to do today? Come by and say hi to Kayla and Amanda!!, null, Sneak preview of tomorrow night's grilled cheese!

Roasted peppers, charred onions and Vermont sharp cheddar!, Have you scored your tickets to the Emilia Romagna dinner yet? Hurry they are going fast!!

http://emiliawine.eventbrite.co.uk/, Anthony Bourdain visited the Emilio Romagna region - learn more about this area of the world and then buy tickets to our wine dinner featuring wines from the same region! (scroll down for the link to buy tickets) http://www.travelchannel.com/tv-shows/anthony-bourdain/episodes/emilia-romagna-2, Tomorrow's Grill Cheese! Pancetta, smoked mozzerella and Dante's famous tomatos!, We have some exciting new dishes coming to a table (or bar) soon!! Stay tuned for previews!!, We have some host positions available. Please stop by and fill out an application to join the Restaurant Dante team!!, Come in next week (September 21st-28th) for our menu special to benefit Alzheimers during the Food for Thought campaign. We will be offering our peperonata bruschetta with tomino cheese and sweet and sour peppers all week.
http://blog.zagat.com/2012/09/food-for-thought-raises-awareness-for.html, Join us for our Emilia Romagna Wine Dinner October 1st.
In collaboration with the Wine Consortium of Romagna and the Italian Consulate...buy tickets here: http://emiliawine.eventbrite.co.uk/, Sneak preview of tomorrow's grill cheese! Carmelized onions, upland cress, tomatoes from Chef Dante's garden and a special Rabiolo La Tur Langa cheese! Come by and enjoy with some Pimms cocktails!!, Look what's coming from our garden to your plate!!, Don't forget to stop by this Tuesday for grill cheese and sample some delicious Pimms cocktails!, Stop by and enjoy some exciting new menu items! Don't miss out on these last days of summer!!, booze tips for incoming college-goers, thanks beverage director, Tom Tellier
http://thephoenix.com/Boston/food/143745-booze-101/?page=2#TOPCONTENT, Check out all of the great local chef's supporting Food for Thought w/Alzheimer's Association and don't forget to support the cause during the week of September 21st-28th!!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2p6a6-nd45o&feature=youtu.be, We will be closed on Monday for the Holiday....enjoy your Labor Day and please visit us soon!, Grilled Cheese Tuesday is full effect - come in for tomato, basil and mozzarella tonight: 4-10PM in the bar and lounge, Here is your chance to kick off the NFL season, taste some food from some of Boston's best chefs and help out The Greater Boston Food Bank at the same time!!
http://tasteofthenflkickoffdavios.eventbrite.com/, Restaurant Week #2, Stop by, say Hi and enjoy our great RW menu!!, Happy Saturday! Come have a drink and enjoy the full Restaurant Week Menu on the patio!!, It's a beautiful night to come sit on the patio and enjoy our restaurant week menu!!, Grilled Cheese Tuesdays in full effect: mozzarella, tomato and arugula on the menu tonight., Check out our new cozy coloring in the main hall, perfect for a rainy day., null, Come in for grilled cheese Tuesday - smoked gouda and garlic basil pesto is on the menu for tonight..., Zagat named us one of the top 9 restaurants with a view....check it out....http://blog.zagat.com/2012/08/9-best-boston-restaurants-with-view.html, Come in for a classic Grilled Cheese Tuesday....tomato, basil, mozzarella, Start making your restaurant week res - we are offering our $33.12 3 course menu from August 19-31.

Check out the Menu: http://restaurantdante.com/docs/SummerRestaurantWeek2012.pdf, Check out some of our new menu items....
POLPO braised baby octopus, chick peas, sughetto pomodoro  
PROSCIUTTO San Daniele ham, melon, basil, mint
SPIGOLA roasted wild striped bass, white wine, capers, garden vegetable giambotta  	    
VITELLO veal scaloppini, lemon, green peppercorn, peperonata, watercress, pecorino, and 
our FRIARIELLI shishito peppers blistered in olive oil, featured below

full menu available here: http://restaurantdante.com/menus.html, and best bar bites....bottom right!
http://boston.cityvoter.com/best/bar-bites/food/boston, Vote for us for best al fresco dining! http://boston.cityvoter.com/dante/biz/18846, check out this article on Italian snacks - we call ours "sfizi" but you may call them addictive.

http://articles.boston.com/2012-07-10/food-dining/32613512_1_small-plates-cicchetti-wine-bars/3, We're booked up for reservations tomorrow but join us for Italian American BBQ and patriotic hello shots in the bar and lounge. Live band, fireworks, fun., This Thursday Join us for the Euro 2012 semi finals

We will be debuting the Aperitivo Veneziano Spritz ($9) as the latest addition to our bar menu.  

Bar opens at 2:30PM with sfizi and salads
Forza Azzurri!!, Come in tonight for Grilled Cheese Tuesdays.......scamorza cheese, tomato and arugula tonight, Nicely done Tom, we may have to pick up some boxed wine after reading this... http://stuffboston.com/2012/06/19/boxed-in, Thanks to everyone who came out to our patio party yesterday....great times were had by all...check out some pics from the event on boston.com http://www.boston.com/thingstodo/2012/06/04/spotted-boston-out-and-about-the-city/iZnTwCitkSwBTTwV2Q41AI/story.html?pg=12&t=150&cp=12, 70 and Sunny for Sunday - and we added cornhole, wiffle ball and a pool to the lineup...see you all there, Grilled cheese Tuesday is upon on, come in for mozzarella, goat cheese and caramelized onions....and don't forget the patio party on Sunday, scroll down for more info, Looking to eat by the water? Eat here.... http://blog.zagat.com/2012/06/where-to-dine-by-water-in-boston.html#more, null, Ready for this year's Patio Party???
June 17th 2-6PM, no cover, free apps, cash bar
BE THERE, We still have some last minute Mother's Day reservations available for Sunday...Check out Chef Dante serving up our beautiful $60 3 course menu, served from 12-9PM. 
Call 617-497-4200 for reservations.

http://www.boston.com/ae/restaurants/gallery/mothersdaybrunch?pg=13, Head to Bambara tonight for Chef Dante's Chefploitation Dinner at the Hotel Marlowe....don't miss it, Mother's Day at Restaurant dante http://conta.cc/IpzcPH, searching for bivalve bliss? Join us from 4-6 everyday in the bar and lounge for $1 oysters...Zagat did a roundup featuring us and some other local oyster hot spots.... http://blog.zagat.com/2012/04/8-must-try-oyster-deals-in-boston.html, Check out the Tom's Boston Herald shout out....our beverage director is stirring up some inventive cocktails for this spring season: http://bostonherald.com/entertainment/food_dining/general/view.bg?articleid=1061125275&format=&page=2&listingType=dine#articleFull, Join us tonight for grilled cheese tuesday, tonight's preparation: sharp cheddar, apricots and sopressata....patio is OPEN, Runners....carbo load on Sunday with Bottomless Pasta bowls, check out all the varieties:
CHITARRA spaghetti alla carbonara, guanciale, organic egg, Parmigiano Reggiano	
TAGLIATELLE 'primavera,' beans, peas, soy beans, 
STROZZAPRETI oil cured tuna, 'puttanesca'          	
TUFOLI San Marzano tomato sugo, basil, Parmigiano Reggiano 	

Here's Alex Hall talking about our special and other activities for this fun filled weekend: http://www.myfoxboston.com/dpp/morning/whats-going-on-weekend-events-20120413, Come in for our Opening Day Special - 22oz of Sam Adams 26.2 Brew and an order of traditional meatballs - only $10! TODAY ONLY, We know you've been waiting for GRILLED CHEESE TUESDAY  all week, come in for tonight's prep: spinach, onion marmellata and sottocenere cheese, Our new seafood dishes were so popular during restaurant week that we've decided to add them to our dinner menu, you can now enjoy our TROTA: roasted trout, with Italian slaw, citrus, and salsa Genovese, or our TONNO: seared rare big eye tuna, "puttanesca", with eggplant fries, pine nuts, and golden raisins	....check out the whole menu here
, Come in for Grilled Cheese Tuesday....tonight's preparation: prosciutto, robiola, apple and sage, Join us for Easter Brunch
Sunday, April 8, 11:00AM - 3:30PM

We will be offering a 3 course, $50 prix fixe menu with options.

Our extensive menu features century-old dishes passed down through generations
of the de Magistris family.

View the Menu., Bar opens at 2:30PM daily with appetizers available - come sit on the patio and enjoy this ridiculous weather, Come in tonight for $2 grilled cheese Tuesdays in the bar and lounge - fresh mozzarella, tomato and arugula is on this evening's menu, Restaurant week commences. We only have a few tables back on our patio but it's a perfect week to come and take advantage!  Definitely make yourself a reservation this week!!!, http://contests.thephoenix.com/thebest/boston/2012/vote/food/restaurant-italian

1 DAY LEFT TO VOTE!!! Vote Dante for Best Italian! , Winter Restaurant Week at Restaurant dante http://conta.cc/xJ4NWd, Planning a dinner in Back Bay? Use this as an excuse to cross the river for a great steak!, We have 5 patio tables, get em while there hot..., Unbelievable weather here! We have a couple of the patio tables out. Enjoy them this week while the sun is up!!!  www.restaurantdante.com , Giovanna with her coconut. #whatevericandoshecandobetter http://t.co/N0sJKk5l, Last nights dinner in a tree house in st martin with the fam. Too much wine face on. #lifedoesntsuck http://t.co/TVuZBxAy, Endless Pasta bowls! Walk down the parkway and enjoy this beautiful weather, Celebrate Saturday with a great bottle of wine!, What a beautiful start to the weekend. Wellfleet oysters are in house, come and slurp em up for a $1 till 6pm!!!, And I thought she would become a chef like her zio. Will she be taking after her zio or nonno? @LeonAndCoSalon http://t.co/YtYqXmOn, Super Tuesday "grilled surf & turf" at il Casale tonight. skate wing, broccoli rabe sausage, polenta, Tuscan kale, Patio season is getting closer and closer! We can't wait to have Al fresco back., Good times cooking today with @jodyadams and the folks that help out east end house at the @seaportboston's action kitchen, Bottomless Pasta Sunday!!! New pasta's on the menu, getting geared up for Restaurant Week 2012! www.restaurantdante.com , Restaurant Week Menu is out..... check out all the options, we're participating through the weekend (March 18-30), Miami was too much fun. Can't keep up with all these crazy chefs. Headed back home. Miss you Boston, Sunday funday, endless pasta bowls of love. Classic Dante recipes coming to our page soon!!!, New spring pasta's on the menu! Come try out Chef Dante's latest creations!!! Spaghetti and Manillia clams, mmmmmm, we're taking full advantage of this weather with a new amalfi sunrise cocktail with citrus vodka, limoncello and quinine, “@gzchef: Just landed in Miami. Who's ready for some #SOBEWFF!?!? @Lee_Schrager @TudorHouseMiami” not there until Friday but see you then!, brand new 100% nebbiolo glass pour in house: ‘08 nebbiolo langhe, fontanafredda, serralunga, italia....nice and light for a spring-like evening, “@daniellencarter: @chefjasonsantos ughhhhhh #macnchzmondays #wokeuptochefdantesculinaryworkinmyfrig” very nice hashtag... #troublemaker, come in for grilled cheese tuesdays.... tonight's variety: apples sautéed in 
brown butter, with cinnamon, fresh mozzarella and mint, “@liuliuliu: SPOTTED! japanese-style hot dogs in boston chinatown #JAPADOGS http://t.co/KlryLXfY” must be there now!, BOTTOMLESS PASTA! and Oysters are IN house, Finish up rowing and come in for some fresh homemade pasta!  www.restaurantdante.com , Ok I'm back twitter. You were broke for a bit on my phone but now you're fixed, Vote for us for Best Italian in the Boston Phoenix! You know you want to...., Getting ready for a fantastic Valentines day. Dressing the restaurant for the Perfect Date V-day menu. www.restaurantdante.com , Sunday funday at Dante- Incredible Valentines menu additions- Plus endless pasta!!!!, Bring Top Chef to Boston, wouldn't that be fun? check it out...., We still have some availability for Valentine's Day - check out the "Perfect Date" Menu - Start by flirting, move into foreplay and end with a little spooning and a bubble bath.

4 Courses, $75
$110 with wine pairings

Call 617-497-4200 for reservations....

The Sonesta is also offering a special rate for rooms - the link is on our site along with the full menu., Nebbiolo Monday, Let's drown our game day sorrows with red wine!, Had a great time today serving food at the pine street inn, Carne meat balls are back on the menu! Come load up before game day!!!, http://www.thebostonchannel.com/chronicle/30317621/detail.html   Dante's recipe and appearance on Chronicle tonight!, Beautiful Friday! Get out to eat for some fantastic pasta before the big game. $1 Oysters 4-6pm, It's Nebbiolo Monday, come sample some of the families private collection, vintages from 96'-05'!!!, Endless pasta bowl Sunday's! Get in early, Boston.com listed our "tongue in cheek" Valentine's Day offerings..... make your reservations by calling 617-497-4200 or visiting our website at www.restaurantdante.com, Valentine's Day at Restaurant dante and il Casale http://conta.cc/wP3VEe, Barcelona made me not want to ever eat sea cucumbers again..., Half of Nebbiolo Monday's at Dante! Drink great wine for an even better price., Endless pasta bowls and Patriots football! Sunday's are great., It's a snowy Saturday and Dante's famous MEATBALLS are back on the menu. www.restaurantdante.com , Dante is bringing back his ever popular "perfect date" menu for V-day.
4 courses, $75
$110 with wine pairings

Visit us on Tuesday, Feb 14th, for the full prix fixe, or for some sultry specials in addition to our a la carte menu on the Saturday, Sunday and Monday preceding the 14th. See the full menu..., Check out Chef Dante serving food at the Hot Stove Cool Music event, benefitting locals in need., Half off Nebbiolo Monday's, come warm up with a good bottle of Barolo @ 50% off., Off to Barcelona today with my dad and bro Damian. Any must eats?, Endless Pasta Sunday's and  new winter menu to try. Special Cerasuolo by the glass tonight., Incredible new menu with flavors of an Italian winter. www.restaurantdante.com , Fun times making nutritious Mac & cheese for kids at horizons for homeless children. What great kids, Don't forget to come visit me and Evan at Stella tonight! http://t.co/L98JvdHP, Come by Stella tomorrow night! I'll be there cooking 4 courses for $40. All you have to do is make a res & show up. Evan and I do the rest, Check out our updated winter menu - some highlights: traditional meatballs, peperonata bruschetta, Mediterranean sea bass, roasted pork loin "involtini" and a chopped escarole salad, New Winter Menu Items... check out our new pan seared scallop dish with caramelized endive, meyer lemon marmellata, potato aioli, Meeting to go over our new Winter menu items... our famous pork and beef meatballs are back! http://t.co/fEF1U6U9, Check out our 7 deadly sin themed food station signs from Saturday Night, feeling hungover and sluggish after the holidays? Check out Chef Dante's little known remedy - or if you're lazy, you can stick to the industry swear-by, fernet branca, Half of reserve wine Monday's!!!!  Come visit Bonnie at the bar, Mmm good Porchetta, cotechino and lentils bringing us good fortune in the new year. Happy new year!! http://t.co/HpbxiyiE, Thanks Chef Ming Tsai of Blue Ginger for naming our arancini and one of the best dishes to eat in Boston: "These arancini are silky, smooth, and luscious in the middle. It's simply genius to drizzle them with truffle honey." other choices are highlighted on this new Chefs Feed app, Tomorrow Night is for Party Animals: Buy tickets on www.restaurantdante.com, * Breaking News: the Royal Sonesta Hotel is offering a special $149 room rate for guests attending the SIN New Year's Eve event: visit our website for ticket and room links., http://t.co/7kDBPZYi, Just put up 30 more tix to sell! Help me SIN before 2012 on NYE by celebrating the 7 deadly sins at dante I'll be the one carving the pig, 30 more tix available for NYE @ dante. Help me SIN before 2012. I'll be the one carving the pig + 6 other deadly sins. http://t.co/7kDBPZYi, Never been to one of our parties? What a ..... SIN
NYE tickets to SIN the Antiresolution Cocktail Party are still available....better get those sins in before the New Year.
BUY TICKETS HERE, Stuff Mag snapshots from SausageFest, now those are some good-looking attendees, Come in for $2 grilled cheese tonight: La Dolce Vita - capicola, fresh mozzarella, basil and sundried tomato, http://www.necn.com/searchNECN/search/v/50204347/make-a-yummy-brunch-with-holiday-leftovers.htm?q=dante

Dante on TV!!!, What are you doing for New Years Eve????
NEW YEARS EVE PARTY@DANTE!!! Get your tix while you still can!!! 
7 deadly sins food stations
Best Cocktail Party food in the city
Dj Adilson will be spinning
Prosecco toast at 12, Happy Holidays, We are celebrating at dante with the 'feast of the seven fishes' a beautiful menu from Dante's Nonna, dishes from generations of the DeMagistris family., Still space available for SIN the antiresolution NYE - go to www.restaurantdante.com to buy your tickets, Finnish up your last minute Christmas shopping at the Galleria and relax before all the hubbub with a beautiful glass of Campanian red wine, Annual Patio Cookoff Event
November 20, 2011, There's still some space available on Christmas Eve, and since Chef Dante and his family will be dining at the restaurant as well, we will be offering nine fish instead of seven for the traditional feast of the fishes. Call 617-497-4200, or make a res online: , take advice from the best...Chef Dante and hundreds of other chefs recommend the best places to eat all over the country with this new app via Virgin Atlantic, 50% off our reserve wine list. Find bottles not available anywhere else in the city!, Buy an entree pasta bowl and fill it as many times as you can handle. Post up at the bar for some football and hand crafted pasta goodness., Tis the season for giving! Joining @GlobeSanta at noon tomorrow @improvasylum to make merry. Come one, come all! http://t.co/iKSKbZx2, Chilly Friday's warm up with steaks and a bottle of Italian Red, “@jesalario:@Chef_Dante I found one for you!Compliments of @nicolerusso. @donnamgarlough can you handle it!?”no re gifting the shake weight, “@donnamgarlough: @jesalario @Om_Restaurant @nicolerusso Um this needs to be a series. Next up with the Shake Weight" as soon as I find one, Half off the best bottles of Nebbiolo this side of the Charles!!!, Cool! Not only am I in the globe @BostonDotCom with attorney general, got a pic with Santa too!! #GlobeSanta http://t.co/KpFYA9pb”, Endless pasta bowls on Sunday! The kitchen closes at 9 tonight, make it an early Sunday., Of course she got the best seat in the house rite on Mr Bears lap for @jcmonahan's book reading. Ok back to work now, Just had the best day with my niece Giovanna @BostonBallet Nutcracker then @FSBoston for #teddybeartea @jcmonahan even did a book reading!!, Saturday night. It's Dante's birthday. Get this party started., SIN - Antiresolution NYE Cocktail Party at Restaurant dante http://conta.cc/w1plJU, Bubbles and Bites was a great success - check out some pics and a shout out to our  spicy hot chocolate with ginger zabaglione (spiked with cocoa and espresso infused vodka), “@cocomoco: @mlecatalano and I are!!!RT @Chef_Dante: Who's going to @BubblesandBites tonights?” see y'all there!, SausageFest, the raunchy version via Kerry Byrne..., Christmas Eve at Restaurant dante http://conta.cc/rEoT2A, Best Nebbiolo list in the city- today it's half off!!! Come try out a great bottle of red, Endless pasta bowls and football, loving Sundays, Join us on Christmas Eve for our traditional festà di pesce per la vigilia di natale, 
"Feast of the Seven Fishes."

Featuring century old dishes, each made according to closely guarded family recipes. The recipes for these dishes have been passed down to Chef Dante by his Nonna. He is excited to share his grandmother's Christmas Eve 
meal with you.

4 Course dinner - $75,
$115 with wine pairings 
Served from 4:00-8:00PM Christmas Eve.
, See how the de Magistris family celebrates the holidays in Vermont - featured in this upcoming Sunday edition of the Globe, Giovanna is getting so big!, Feast of the Seven Fishes at dante, Christmas Eve, info at www.restaurantdante.com  , New cocktails coming soon!!!!, Missed sausagefest? check out some highlights.. great documentation of the best culinary event of the year (don't mind us, we're biased), Half off Reserve Nebbiolo's on our bottle list, YAY MONDAY!!!, Come in for one of our brand new seasonals: narragansett porter and blue hills imperial red by the bottle, and magic hat howl and boulevard winter wheatwine on draught....check out our full beer list too, Learn how to make Chef Dante's Ultimate Ragu alla Bolognese in Cooks Illustrated Magazine...that's the stuff, Relax after a black Friday of stimulating the economy with a bowl of pasta and a glass of wine!, congratulations to newly crowned Sausage King of Boston: Stella's Evan Deluty  (watch out Abe Froman)....closely followed by Catalyst and Pigalle for taking 2nd and 3rd place...thanks to all participants and attendees , Join us for happy hour....this guest was happy he did,  When you join us on Sunday for Sausage Fest, Please bring a gently worn coat of any size for Coats for Kids donation, we will be collecting donations at the door. Feel good about your Sunday Funday..., Kerry Byrne - our amateur participant this year is psyched for Sunday - here's a taste of what he'll be serving this weekend - don't forget to buy tickets too on our website: www.restaurantdante.com, how many more reasons do you need? BUY TICKETS TO SAUSAGE FEST ON OUR WEBSITE: www.restaurantdante.com November 20th, 2-5PM, $20, Don't forget to make your Thanksgiving reservations at www.restaurantdante.com, check out what Boston.com has to say: , The Boston Chef community is so connected - check out this Family Tree - Chef Dante stems from 2 of these top 3 heavy hitters in the restaurant scene, Sausage Fest Annual Patio Cookoff http://conta.cc/vuCeXr, Bottomless pasta Sundays, hurayyy!, We think you should follow Chef_Dante on twitter and Boston Innovation agrees, check out these other chefs too...very fun to follow, Beautiful fall day, grab an Autumn cocktail and $1 oysters, Ready for Sausage Fest? Here's a reminder of what you're in for from the Metro: , Check out our pastry chef extraordinaire, Fortunato Conte, in Scene Magazine.... so glamorous, Thank you, Boston Magazine for including us and our Brother restaurant, il Casale, in the top 50 Boston restaurants again this year... we are thrilled, Half off our Reserve list MONDAY'S!!!  Nebbiolo specials from 96'-06', Endless pasta bowl Sunday's!  Get your fill before another work week begins., Join us with family and friends at Restaurant dante for a unique three course prix fixe menu of traditional and inventive cuisine featuring free-range turkey.
Check out the menu: , Thanksgiving at Restaurant dante http://conta.cc/sSPGE6, Justin Bieber is here, Someone dressed as a mini Chef Dante, Cameron Diaz is behind the bar w/ 'gel' in her hair. And there is a smokin hot devil at the beer cart!
Getch yo groove on DJ Adilson is spinning, today is the last day to celebrate Halloween, and we have the perfect party...8:00PM tonight...be there, www.restaurantdante.com Come visit us tonight, bundle up and warm up with a glass of super tuscan. , new menu items revealed TODAY - check out our new seasonal salads...http://restaurantdante.com/menus.html, grilled cheese tuesdays continues to be buzzed about...come see what's grilling this week...http://www.askmen.com/boston/dante.html
, Come in for a killer view all year round - Zagat named us in the top 10 restaurant views in Boston... http://www.zagat.com/buzz/10-best-restaurant-views-in-boston?zagatbuzzid=oct11week4&utm_source=buzz&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=buzz20111026, Check out Chef Dante's favorite sausage around town in preparation for SAUSAGE FEST on Nov 20th, Bottomless Pasta Bowl Sunday's! Carb up after a day at the regatta, Fall is a time to harvest and eat. Come in for the "Cacciatore" and Vino.    www.restaurantdante.com
, check out our sexy new website, easier to use too: http://restaurantdante.com/, everyone is talking about Halloween in Hell... don't miss it....http://www.bostonchefs.com/news/2011/10/11/dantes-inferno-heats-halloween/, the word is out - This years cookoff is: SAUSAGE FEST - here's a sneak peek of what's to come..., Beautiful Fall days. Spend them with our wine steward Chaz Boynton sipping bubbly on the patio, Patriots, All you can eat bottomless pasta dishes. Fantastic fall days! New cocktails on the list. Do you need another reason to come in?, Beautiful Fall day for $1 oysters al fresco! 4-6!!!, Rainy Friday's, come warm up with our new fall cocktails!!! Tj's latest drinkable delights. CHECK OUT THE NEW WEBSITE www.restaurantdante.com , What's better than wine on Wednesday?, Dante's Inferno Halloween in Hell http://conta.cc/pDMJbb, Bottomless pasta and football... can you beat that?, Come and enjoy 50% off our exclusive reserve wine list, Mondays only!, Last day for Lunch on the patio at Dante! Come enjoy the sun and a shandy!, Halloween Party Planning in full swing - be there, It's sunny out! Come for $1 oysters and Prosecco bubbly, Patriots on the patio! Watch the game, look at the city, planning our Halloween Party....details to follow, get excited, unstoppable TJ.... http://www.boston.com/thingstodo/gallery/spottedinboston/?camp=misc%3Aon%3Ashare%3Agallery, TJ...way to represent http://www.necn.com/09/03/11/Drink-This-Summer-Margarita/landing_tvdiner_drinkthis.html?blockID=558662&feedID=4410, Restaurant Week Delicious Dinner Menu, Restaurant Week Lovely Lunch Menu, come visit Boston's Best Upscale Italian for restaurant week (even Boston Mag says so), planning a girls night out? come on in...even dirty water TV agrees, LAST CHANCE, Vote for us for Best al Fresco Dining on Boston.com's A-List Vote Here: http://boston.cityvoter.com/contests/boston-com-s-a-list/4801/food/al-fresco-dining, Look at us! We're loving our patio this year and Improper agrees, check out our Best Outdoor Dining Award!, Don't Miss 4th of July on the Charles River:
Mix and Mingle Italian-American BBQ

Monday, July 4, 2011
8:00 PM – 1:00 AM
$75 General Admission

Call or Email for tickets.
events@restaurantdante.com
617-497-4200

Live Music, Abundant Upscale Barbeque!
, 5 Year Al Fresco Fiasco Anniversary Party This Sunday at Restaurant dante!
2:00-5:00PM, DJ, Fun, Food, Cocktails.
email 5year@restaurantdante.com or call 617-497-4200 to RSVP, Exclusive wine tasting event at Restaurant dante tomorrow!!
Winemakers from Pra and Brigaldara vineyards will be hosting a seminar, mix and mingle event including 6 wines and light apps.
Thursday, June 9, 7:00, $45
Call 617-497-4200 for tickets, Check out Chef Dante cooking with Bill Costa in the new interactive TV Diner Kitchen, Sis is nominated too! Vote for il Casale for Best Italian-Nouveau: http://boston.cityvoter.com/contests/boston-com-s-a-list/4801/food/italian-nouveau, We are nominated for Best al Fresco Dining on Boston.com's A-List (you know you want to). Vote Here: http://boston.cityvoter.com/contests/boston-com-s-a-list/4801/food/al-fresco-dining....or no patio for you!, Check out our Brother-inspired cocktails newly added to the menu: 
representing Dante, Filippo and Damian in their own quirky way... 

dante on top
st. germaine, tequila, aperol, sweet & sour foam

flip
ruby port, “frutti di bosca”, vanilla, italian meringue

certified damian
organic white tea vodka, meyer lemon, wine reduction, We open for lunch for the season on Monday! All summer we will be serving our paninoteca lunch Mon-Fri from 11:30-2:30PM. Kick off the summer season with pressed panini, mini burgers, assorted mozzarellas and seasonal cocktails., Join us on Easter Sunday from 11:00 AM - 3:30 PM for a 3 course Brunch for $50 featuring closely guarded family recipes. Check out the full menu..., and if you're feeling scholary... Chas will also be speaking at opening night of Wine Riot during crash course on Friday, April 22nd... busy week for our sexy sommelier, Catch our talented and charming wine steward, Chas Boynton, as he battles in the SomSmackdown on Thursday, April 21st at Gordon's Wine in Waltham... he's sure to bring the heat., Join us Sunday Night to get Carb-ed up for Marathon Monday...bottomless entree sizes of all our fresh pastas made in house... yum, Support Japan at Oishii tonight for a Tsunami Benefit hosted by owner Ting Yen with our own Chef Dante and plenty of renowned chefs of the area: Anthony Caturano of Prezza, Jeff Nace of Neptune Oyster, Kang San of Oishii Too Sushi Bar, Luis Morales of Radius, Via Matta, Altra Strada and Tico, Evan Deluty of Stella, and Ming Tsai of Blue Ginger., Don't forget! Today is the last day to vote for our sister restaurant il Casale in the first round of Munch Madness....they're matched against Coppa in the initial bracket, Not into basketball? Play the Munch Madness bracket instead and vote for our sister restaurant: il Casale , Don't forget to catch restaurant week, $33.11 for 3 courses with tons of choices....ends Friday, il Casale's Sous Chef, Jim Booth, killed it last night at the Sous Chef Smackdown at Sel de la Terre, High Fours all around, Tickets still available for Will's Momma's Fundraiser, check out all the cute baby chefs..., Check out our amazing pastry Chef, Fortunato Conte, as he teaches you how to make his delicious ricotta and pear cake available on our dessert menu., Restaurant Week is almost here! Check out our menu, null, Thanks to the il Casale crew for being so amazing! Great job to our server Katrina for taking care of our Diner for a Day!, Boston.com: "Nosh with your sweetie" at dante, Chef Dante will be offering his ever popular "Perfect Date" menu for Valentine's Day. 
Dishes from our prix fixe Valentine's Day menu will be offered as special additions
to our a la carte menu on the Friday, Saturday and Sunday preceeding Valentine's Day.
, null, Sex and the City's Kim Cattrall and Mario Cantone were among the fabulous guests who attended Chef Dante's Jame Beard House dinner on Tuesday., Our empirical grog was featured in this issue of Stuff Magazine., There are still reservations available for Chef Dante's guest dinner at Stella tomorrow. (Monday the 17th). Four courses for only $40! Call Stella directly 617-247-7747 to make a reservation., Join Chef Dante at the James Beard House on Feb. 1st as he duels it out with Chef Dante Bocuzzi. Tix still available., Warm up with our house made pancetta infused bourbon featured in our "Umami" cocktail., null, Join Chef De Magistris for a guest dinner at Stella on January 17th. Four courses for $40! Ressies can be made by calling 617-247-7747., Channel 7 reports: Check out Damian de Magistris mix up holiday cocktails at il Casale., Celebrate the "Anti-Resolution" New Year's with us! Seven deadly sins, gluttonous food stations, passed hors d'oeuvres, DJ and Dancing, bubbly toast at midnight... $80 for general admission.
http://restaurantdante.com/)