List(Is being a part of something on your mind?, It's International Women’s Day! This year, Facebook Stories teamed up with The Atlas of Beauty to recognize six women who are doing their part to make the world a more equal place. Take a look. #IWD2016, Reactions are here! We're excited to officially announce even more ways to celebrate, sympathize, admire and love. They're right behind the Like button. Just press, hold and enjoy., Are the Oscars on your mind?, It's when we all come together that the brightest ideas come to fruition., Let the nail-biting, trash-talking, fist-pumping, and heartbreaking begin! The big game is here. Follow the action with all your friends at Sports Stadium: http://on.fb.me/1TN0RAz, Today is all about celebrating our friends and connections. Earlier this week we invited 18 members of our community, who have incredible stories about connecting, to our Menlo Park headquarters. Here’s to new friends, old friends, and yet-to-be friends!, Shout out to GirlCrew and other groups that bring people together to foster new friendships. #friendsday, null, null, 2015 brought us triumph, tragedy, heartbreak and hope. Here's to all the connections we've made this year, and all the ones we'll make in the next., Friends don't let friends copy and paste memes. While Priscilla and Mark's pledge to give money to improve the world is real, not everything you read on the internet is, and they're not giving it away randomly. Be safe out there, sweepstakes seekers., As the end of the year approaches, we're reflecting on the events that moved us, inspired us and brought us together in 2015., Happy #GivingTuesday! Today we’re inspired by people like Rex Hohlbein, the creator of Homeless in Seattle, and his incredible dedication to spreading love in his community., Is Thanksgiving on your mind?, null, We stand together. #JeSuisParis, Helpful Tip: All those articles you saved are right around the digital corner., Our love and gratitude goes out to all veterans. Thank you for your service., Today we're introducing Notify, a new app from Facebook that delivers notifications that matter from sources you love. Notify is available today for iPhones in the U.S. http://on.fb.me/1OEuxPr, Is it just us, or did it just get real presidential in here? We're excited that you've joined the community President Obama. Welcome. 🇺🇸, Helpful Tip: If you're short on time, you can save stuff and check it out later., Helpful Tip: It only takes a few taps to find fun stuff to do nearby., Some of the leading minds in artificial intelligence research are working at Facebook to develop smart systems. With advances in research that can help computers see what's in photos and understand language, you can imagine the value in Facebook products and services: The better we can understand and describe what’s in an image, the better job we will do of showing you the right things in your feed and surfacing useful search results. This work is already having an impact — with these technologies, Facebook will soon be able to describe what's in a photo to people with vision loss., Helpful Tip: It's super simple to create an event for your friends, or for everybody., Helpful Tip: You can unfollow an oversharing friend and they'll never know., We’re excited to introduce TechPrep, a resource hub where underrepresented people and their parents and guardians can learn more about computer science and programming and find resources to get them started. By exposing people to computer science and programming and guiding them to resources, we hope to reduce some of the barriers that block potential from meeting opportunity.
 
Parents and guardians are influential figures in students’ lives. Karen is a mother who believed deeply in the potential of her own children and worked hard to find the resources to build their skills in CS. Watch Karen’s story, and learn more., Helpful Tip: Tired of getting notifications on a post after you post? Just turn them off., Today we launched Instant Articles for iPhone ­- a beautiful new way to read articles in News Feed that is faster and more interactive than ever before.

Starting today, everyone on iPhone can read thousands of Instant Articles from their favorite publishers every day. Look for the lightning bolt on the top right corner of some stories shared in News Feed. The lightning bolt indicates it's an Instant Article. When you tap the story, it loads ten times faster than a standard mobile web article and the reading experience is beautiful and more interactive.

We hope you love it as much as we do., Helpful Tip: You're a single tap away from finding all the top trending stories., Helpful Tip: You can use Stickers to say whatever you're trying to say., Helpful Tip: You can get more great stuff from your groups., Helpful Tip: It's easy to add one friend or lots of friends to a group., Helpful Tip: It’s easy to create a group for anything you’re into., While there may be water on Mars, don't believe everything you read on the internet today. Facebook is free and it always will be. And the thing about copying and pasting a legal notice is just a hoax. Stay safe out there Earthlings!, In April and May, the Facebook community donated over $15 million to support Nepal Earthquake survivors. We'd like to share an update on how your donations are helping International Medical Corps and the people of Nepal rebuild., Join us and many others by sharing your support to make universal internet access for everyone in the world a reality. www.one.org/connecttheworld #connecttheworld #globalgoals, We're launching 360 video on Facebook. To create 360 videos, a special set of cameras are used to record 360 degrees of a scene simultaneously. So when you watch 360 videos on Facebook, you can choose what angle you want to see it from. 
Starting today, you'll be able to view these videos on the web or on Android devices. We plan to roll this out for iOS devices in the coming months. We hope you enjoy this immersive view of the Jakku desert from Star Wars., Here are some highlights from Mark’s Townhall Q&A last week., Is a new goal on your mind?, Is love on your mind?, Is someone's birthday on your mind?, Is seeing the world on your mind?, null, Today, 1,000,000,000 of us were together on Facebook., Is making a difference on your mind?, Is holding onto summer on your mind?, Is your dream on your mind?, Together we can help Myanmar flood survivors rebuild. Facebook will match your donation, up to a total of $500,000. #SupportMyanmar, Is family on your mind?, Is photobombing on your mind?, Is trying something new on your mind?, Is catching a few ZZZZZs on your mind?, Is the 4th on your mind?, Is your dad on your mind?, There is still so much work to be done, but together we are making a difference in Nepal. Learn more here: https://www.facebook.com/nepalearthquakesupport., A short message can wind up taking you far away., At least one of your friends knows a thing or two about tents., Good friends lend an ear and a shoulder., If there’s a natural disaster in your area, let everyone know you’re okay with Safety Check. Learn more: http://www.facebook.com/about/safetycheck, There’s no substitute for being there for a friend., Sometimes it’s not who you know but who they know., With ad preferences, you can influence which ads you see in your News Feed. Learn how at the new Facebook Privacy Basics. http://on.fb.me/Privacy-Basics-Ads, Love is for sharing., Friendship can overcome any distance., For all that friends do. #friendsday, Stay connected with all of your groups with the new Facebook Groups app. Learn more: http://www.facebookgroups.com, Check out the Trending Super Bowl experience at www.facebook.com/superbowl, Not every invitation needs a place and time., Discover local events you and your friends might be interested in. https://www.facebook.com/events, With friends comes confidence., Learn how to untag yourself from a friend's photo at the new Facebook Privacy Basics: http://on.fb.me/Privacy-Basics-Photo, New friends come with new adventures., You're never too old to get together and have fun with your friends., New friends come in all shapes and sizes., At the end of each year, we reflect. We remember challenges and triumphs. We celebrate the moments that connect us. Take a look back on 2014., See the top moments of the year as they happened on Facebook., How to change your password., How to block someone., How to edit a post., How to share with just friends., How to untag a photo., Even if they're not expecting it, a friend will always appreciate it. #saythanks, Looking for the perfect way to say thanks to a friend? Download the sticker pack here: http://on.fb.me/saythanks-stickerpack #saythanks, You control who sees what you post. Learn how at the new Facebook Privacy Basics. http://on.fb.me/Privacy-Basics-Posts, Learn how to take charge of your privacy and more at the new Facebook Privacy Basics. https://www.facebook.com/about/basics, Last week, Mark Zuckerberg announced three different ways that Facebook is doing its part to help stop the spread of Ebola. Check out www.facebook.com/fightebola to learn more and donate to help #fightebola., Today Mark Zuckerberg announced how Facebook is joining the global fight against Ebola. Watch Mark's video to learn more about our efforts, or check out www.facebook.com/fightebola., No matter what you're doing, friends always have your back., On Thursday, November 6, Mark Zuckerberg will host his first public Q&A on Facebook. Submit your questions and tune in to this special event for the entire Facebook community at www.facebook.com/qawithmark., It’s Hello Kitty’s birthday! Celebrate by downloading her new sticker pack. http://on.fb.me/HelloKitty, Great friends are willing to go to great lengths., Sometimes being there for a friend means you have to be there., It doesn't matter if you forget the lyrics, if you remember to invite your friends., Making friends isn't always easy, but it's always worth it., Friends push us to push ourselves., Friends can help you find whatever it is you're looking for. Learn how http://on.fb.me/activityicons, Any day is a good day to reach out to old friends., Finding the friends you have in common with someone else is easy. Just click on the Friends tab in their profile., No matter how long it's been, it won't take long to feel like old times., Save links, places, shows, music, movies and more from your News Feed. Learn how: http://facebook.com/saved, Express yourself better with our activity icons in your status update. Learn how: http://on.fb.me/activityicons, Friends guide friends to amazing places., Take a look back through all of the moments you've shared with a friend. Here's how: http://on.fb.me/friendshiphistory, Whatever you’re into, somewhere out there is a group for you., Keep what happens between friends, between friends. Learn how to change who can see your posts here: http://on.fb.me/privacysettings, Being a fan is better with friends., Friends make the best teammates., A friend's discovery can lead to your next adventure., Nearby Friends helps you discover which friends are nearby or on the go. Opt in and learn more: http://on.fb.me/NearbyFriends, Housework can be fun with handy little tips from friends., The new LEGO Minifigures sticker pack has arrived. Get them all here: http://on.fb.me/LEGO-Minifigures, No matter where life takes you, you can always take your friends., Join your fellow friends and fans, and follow the scores and stories from Brazil the moment they happen., Celebrate Pride Month with our newest sticker pack. http://on.fb.me/pridestickers, The best thing about hidden places is friends showing you where they are., "I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel."

—Maya Angelou, A simple message is the only thing between you and long-distance friends., Whatever you're in the mood for, chances are some of your friends are as well., Can’t find a group? Then start a group. Learn how here: http://on.fb.me/createnewgroup, null, The toughest battles need the best of friends., Remember the friend who’s been with you from the start., Find out the story of our Facebook Foxes sticker pack—then download the stickers here: http://bit.ly/FBFoxStickers, Even if you don't see a comet, it's still good to see your fellow stargazers., The first step of a new adventure may start with a simple message., Stay connected by telling your friends where you're traveling to. Learn more here: http://on.fb.me/travelingto, Friends lending a hand is often a labor of love... and pizza., A last-minute message can be someone else's last-minute plans., See the most popular topics, stories and hashtags of the moment in Trending—on the upper right of your News Feed., Sometimes April Fools' Day comes down to planning, friends and a large supply of tinfoil., Bring Kermit, Miss Piggy and the rest of The Muppets to your chats. http://on.fb.me/muppetsstickers, Spring break can happen anywhere with friends., The news that matters most comes from the people that matter most., You may have noticed we've updated your News Feed with a fresh new look, bigger stories and a simpler design. We hope you like it., Remembering the big day is easier with friends., Love can be tough, but friendship lasts forever., Let your friends know how they inspire you. Celebrate International #WomensDay., Training for a marathon takes dedication—and friends when the dedication gets tired., Friends are great for spontaneous fun. And sometimes a little push., From horsing around to paddling a canoe, friends' trips can inspire your own. Where will your friends take you?, Love stickers? You'll love these. Here's a gift from us to you. Download the new sticker pack here. http://on.fb.me/LoveisintheAir, Take a look back on some of your most celebrated moments over the years., Our 10th birthday only happened because of all your friendships, stories and memories along the way. Thank you., Cheer on with more friends and more recently converted football experts, no matter where they’re from. Check out who Facebook users are rooting for across the US., There’s more than one way to give a thumbs up. Learn how to get the Likes sticker pack here: http://on.fb.me/stickerhelp, We each had our own 2013. While some stories rocked the world, others rocked yours. See the ones that left an impression. http://www.facebook.com/yearinreview, "What counts in life is not the mere fact that we have lived. It is what difference we have made to the lives of others that will determine the significance of the life we lead."
— Nelson Mandela, It's not just a donation. It's clean drinking water, food and the relief of hearing a loved one's voice. Thanks to those who have joined in the Typhoon Haiyan response. If you'd like to help, find out how at: www.redcross.org/donate, Happy Halloween! Even our sign is showing off its costume today., Imagine a world where everyone has the power to share knowledge and use the internet for innovation. Internet.org outlines the plan make the internet more accessible and efficient in order to #connecttheworld., Every one of us. #ConnectTheWorld , Today, we're announcing Internet.org, a global partnership between technology leaders, nonprofits, local communities and experts who are working together to bring the internet to the two thirds of the world's population that doesn't have it. #ConnectTheWorld, null, This weekend, more than 700 Facebook employees, including Mark Zuckerberg, as well as former Super Bowl champion Brendon Ayanbadejo, marched in the San Francisco Pride Parade to show their support for the LGBTQ community. To stay up to date on the latest information around LGBTQ and diversity at Facebook, follow Facebook Diversity. #PrideConnectsUs, Approximately 70% of people on Facebook in the U.S. are connected to a friend who has expressly identified themselves as gay, lesbian or bisexual on their timeline. #PrideConnectsUs, Chatter about this year's #NBAFinals generated more than 100 million posts, comments and likes on Facebook. Check out the series' most-buzzed-about moments and join the conversation!, Watch an 80s hair band reunite for one last show after Facebook brought them together again., Facebook's newest data center - one of the most efficient and sustainable data centers on the planet - is now serving live user traffic from around the world., Happy Mother's Day! Facebook employees dressed up our sign outside of HQ just in time to celebrate., Yesterday, we had a special visit at Facebook HQ from Brandon Stanton, the photographer behind Humans of New York. , See how social media is helping one family rebuild after the Boston Marathon tragedy., If you are currently in Boston, the American Red Cross recommends registering with its Safe and Well site to let your loved ones know you are safe. , Don't miss this powerful essay about a blind man and his running guide, brought together by Facebook. Today, they run the Boston Marathon side by side., See how Facebook Home puts your friends at the heart of your phone. www.facebookhome.com, When National Geographic discovered Alpine-Photography by Kamil Tamiola on Facebook, it gave Kamil the boost he needed to turn the hobby he loved into a full-time career., For Valentine's Day, here's a look at some of the ways love unfolds on Facebook., This Sunday is the Lunar New Year, and we at Facebook want to wish everyone around the world, especially those who celebrate this occasion, a very happy Lunar New Year. See more photos at Facebook Diversity., How do you stay motivated when you're taking on one of the world's toughest ascents? See how rock climber Tommy Caldwell brings the encouragement of his friends, family and fans along for the ride., Now you can find more of what you're looking for on Facebook and discover fun connections between people, places and things: http://fb.com/graphsearch, Celebrate the new year by sending your friends a message that will be delivered to their Facebook inbox at midnight on New Year's Eve!, We took the pulse of the global community on Facebook in 2012 to assemble a series of trend lists, chronicling the top events, the most popular public figures, the most listened to songs on Facebook and more. These are the trends for the United States., When Jay Jaboneta heard that a group of children in the Philippines have to swim to school, he started a fundraiser on Facebook to buy them a boat - only to realize that the solution required a more local perspective., Find your polling place on Facebook at http://bit.ly/Fbppl and then watch the nation vote in real time., null, Watch what it looks like when photos go viral on Facebook., null, When a high-school athlete was blamed for a losing season, his entire school had his back. See how his classmates turned something as common as their profile pictures into an extraordinary act of support., In one Canadian community, a Facebook group is a way to find solutions for a food crisis: http://bit.ly/SimUvp, This month's issue of Facebook Stories is all about distance, but nothing is ever as far away as you think., Check out this extraordinary video from Facebook Stories., As summer vacation season starts, we measured check-ins made on Facebook in 25 cities worldwide to determine the world's most social landmarks., Share photos faster than ever and see all your friends' latest shots in one place. https://www.facebook.com/mobile/camera, null, The Instagram team on their first tour of Facebook Headquarters in Menlo Park, Introducing New Apps for Timeline, Listen to Music With Your Friends, null, Timeline: Now Available on Mobile, Timeline: Now Available Worldwide, A Faster Facebook for Android, Like My Status: Memology 2011, Our Commitment to the Facebook Community, We want to help people find and connect with small businesses on Facebook – and that's why we're supporting the efforts of Small Business Saturday. Like their Facebook page to learn more about shopping small this Saturday, Nov. 26th., Tune in to Facebook Live today at 2 PM PST / 5 PM EST for a live discussion with New Jersey Governor Chris Christie and Facebook's Sheryl Sandberg.  Go to http://www.facebook.com/facebooklive to join the conversation., We’d like to take the opportunity to thank the millions of active duty service members, veterans and military families who sacrifice so much in service of their country. Today we are announcing a series of programs we are launching to help service members and their families stay connected though Facebook. Take a minute to thank military personnel and families at http://on.fb.me/nationgivesthanks., Watch Mark Zuckerberg and Sheryl Sandberg as they sit down with Charlie Rose to talk about the evolution of Facebook. , null, null, null, null, null, Starting today, in addition to your smartphone or feature phone apps,  there’s a new way to experience Facebook—the iPad app. Now you can enjoy your favorite parts of Facebook, combined with the best of the iPad. To get Facebook for iPad today, visit www.facebook.com/ipad., House Majority Leader Eric Cantor, Majority Whip Kevin McCarthy and Budget Chairman Paul Ryan will join Facebook's Sheryl Sandberg on Facebook Live. Don't forget to tune in at 3 p.m. PT/6 p.m. ET., Andy Samberg on stage with Mark at our conference today where we announced timeline., Tell Your Story with Timeline, null, Introducing the Subscribe Button, Improved Friend Lists, Tune in today at 1:30 PM PDT / 4:30 PM EDT for a Facebook Live (http://on.fb.me/fbliveguests) discussion with Oprah Winfrey. Oprah will sit down with Sheryl Sandberg to answer questions you submitted., Have you or a friend found a job using Facebook? We want to hear from you. Tell us your employment story and we may get in touch about featuring it: http://on.fb.me/mR99zo, null, null, Last week we introduced Messenger - a mobile app that gives you a simple way to send messages directly to friends and small groups.  Learn more: www.facebook.com/mobile/messenger, Tune in to Facebook Live on Tuesday, August 16th at 6 PM BST / 1 PM EST / 10 AM PST for an Introduction to Facebook Messenger with the team who worked on the app. Learn about a faster way to message on your mobile phone and ask the team questions. Go to www.facebook.com/mobile/messenger to learn more., Facebook Groups is a great way to share information with small groups of people in your life. Want to know more?  Here's a simple guide:, Making Games Better, Rumors claiming that your phone contacts are visible to everyone on Facebook are false. Our Contacts list, formerly called Phonebook, has existed for a long time. The phone numbers listed there were either added by your friends themselves and made visible to you, or you have previously synced your phone contacts with Facebook. Just like on your phone, only you can see these numbers., A Faster Way to Message on Mobile, As more people use mobile devices, we want all of our security tools available everywhere you use Facebook. We have been working hard to bring two of our most popular tools to mobile — social reporting and the ability to reset your password. Learn more:, Games on Facebook are fun to play with your friends and family. Looking for a new game? DJ with your friends on turntable, play some classic PAC-MAN S, show up your friends in Brain Buddies, or build a Happy Hospital. What are your favorite games? , Today, we've improved the design of the Account Settings page to make editing and updating your account information easier. None of your settings have changed, it just has a new look and feel. Check it out: , We want to help small businesses be successful on Facebook – and that's why we're offering Facebook Page makeovers to five companies nominated by you. Go to facebook.com/shopsmall or click the link to vote for the five companies that you think should win., Discovering music with your friends just got easier. Spotify, now available in the US, uses Facebook features to help you find great new music. Check it out: http://www.spotify.com, You can now watch your favorite TV shows on Hulu and share them with your friends on Facebook.  Also, by linking it your Facebook account, you'll get a free month of Hulu Plus. Learn more about Hulu's new social features in this video. , Young Israelis and Palestinians created a Facebook Page to bridge the gap between their cultures through ongoing dialogue.  Members of the page discuss the prospects of peace as well as soccer, photography, and music. The page can be found at http://www.facebook.com/yalaYL, Earlier today, we announced the integration of Video Calling, Group Chat and a new Chat design. With face-to-face video calling, now you can watch your friends smile, wink and LOL. To get started, visit http://www.facebook.com/videocalling. Call your friends to instantly give them access to Video Calling., Call Your Friends Right From Facebook, Facebook Stories is about how connections impact people’s lives. Have you ever:, Every day, people in the military send messages to their loved ones through Facebook, and many shared their stories with us at http://stories.facebook.com/. Watch this video from Billy Ray Cyrus - a celebration of the military families that have strengthened relationships while miles apart using Facebook Messages., You may have noticed a box appearing on the right of your home page called "Photos are better with friends." This is a new way of telling you about features we have added to Facebook such as our Photo Tag Suggest. We showed this to help people to learn about Photo Tag and how they can control it., Happy Social Media Day!  To celebrate, we asked you to vote on a charity for us to honor, and you picked the International Committee of the Red Cross.  The ICRC helps victims of armed conflicts and violence.  Join us in liking the ICRC's page on Facebook.  How has social media helped you to learn about issues around the world?, For Social Media Day, we plan to honor a charity. Help us choose which:  [Thursday is Social Media Day, a day where we celebrate social media’s impact on our lives.], What types of events have you planned using Facebook Events?, Story of the Week: When tornadoes ripped through his hometown, Brent Beshore set up a Facebook Page to connect displaced families. Through a partnership with the Heart of Missouri United Way, the page raised $1.34 million in disaster relief., Join us for a sit-down with members of the User Operations team on Facebook Live today at 10 AM PT / 1 PM ET. The team will be discussing their top tips and common issues they run into when supporting the over 500 million people who use Facebook. , Story of the Week: A study conducted by the Pew Research Center determined that people who use Facebook, compared with those who do not, have more close relationships, are more politically active, and receive more emotional support than typical internet users.  , RockMelt launched a new Facebook integration that makes it easy to take your friends on Facebook with you around the web. With the social browser, you can view your Facebook notifications, chat with friends, and send messages from any site. Download RockMelt at www.rockmelt.com to try it out for yourself., Over 45 million people have connected with the Facebook Page.  What makes you want to follow a Page? , As of today, over 45 million people around the world have liked the Facebook Page. From sharing who you honored on Memorial Day to telling us you wanted to learn more about Groups, we're thankful to  each of you for your continued support. What stories have been your favorites?, This is Jordan. After the earthquake in Haiti, he tried to find a way to help in the relief efforts but was turned down by many non-profits for not having previous experience in Disaster Aid. Read this amazing story about how Jordan still found a way to help on his own by walking 2,000 miles from Minneapolis, MN to Miami, FL here: http://on.fb.me/m5kWDe., We love seeing non-profits use Pages to raise awareness and build a community around a cause. Greater Than AIDS is a national movement that seeks to inspire support for the HIV/AIDS community. On their Facebook Page, people share personal stories about loved ones who have been affected by HIV/AIDS and even their own diagnoses. Like their Page and tell us your success story at http://on.fb.me/jXpoLS, World IPv6 Day has come to an end. Check our engineering blog tomorrow for more information on how it went., Story of the Week: The emotions in your statuses are contagious! A scientist found that your Facebook friends will mimic your tone. When you post positive words, your friends will use positive words, too. Do you pick up on your friends' emotions from their Facebook posts?, We are now IPv6 enabled - marking the start of World IPv6 Day. Read more about the test on our engineering blog., null, Meet Katy. On June 13, 2010, a fun canoe trip with friends turned into a tragic accident that left her paralyzed from the chest down. Read Katy’s incredible story about how she used Facebook to overcome the odds in her journey to recovery here: http://on.fb.me/ljaPWK. What other stories inspire you? Tell us in the comments., June 8 is World IPv6 Day, a global-scale test flight for the next generation of Internet protocol. We are joining with other major web companies to enable IPv6 on our website for 24 hours.  Learn more on our engineering blog at http://www.facebook.com/engineering., What kind of information do you like to see from the Facebook Page?, Did you know you can go to one place to learn about Facebook features, security and privacy? At the Facebook Help Center, you can type in your own specific question or browse by topic for tips, tricks and FAQs. You can also join a Help Discussion to post questions or answer questions from the rest of the Facebook community. Visit http://facebook.com/help for more information., Meet the Facebook Safety Team and learn what tools you can use to help your family stay safe online. , Today is Memorial Day in the United States, a time to honor all the brave men and women who have lost their lives serving in the military. We thank both the veterans and everyone who is currently serving, both here and abroad. Who are you honoring today? Tell us in the comments., We're always developing ways to enhance safety, security, and privacy on Facebook. What Trust & Safety features would you like to learn more about?, On Monday we asked what Facebook feature you want to learn more about and many of you told us "Groups." Watch the "Spotlight On: Groups" episode of Facebook Live to see how real people have used Groups and hear from one of the engineers who designed them. Then, head over to http://www.facebook.com/groups to learn how to make Groups work for you. , Story of the Week: Discover how small businesses are turning to Facebook to build closer relationships with their customers and check out tips on how to help your business grow. , Just as we discover music, restaurants and travel tips through our friends offline, Bing is making it possible to quickly find what you're looking for based on what your friends have liked online. Learn more about the new social search here http://on.fb.me/lHx5U3 and check it out for yourself at bing.com., We'd like to share more about the features you love to use. What Facebook feature would you like to learn more about?, Did you know you can target your Facebook posts by location and language using your Page? Try it by clicking on the drop-down next to "share" and then customizing the target of the post. You can be as broad as a country and all languages or as targeted as specific language speakers in a city of your choice. Only those that meet the target will see it in their News Feed. Tell us how you use targeted posts in the comments., Sheryl Sandberg, our chief operating officer, delivered the commencement speech at Barnard College yesterday.  Among her words of advice to the graduating students: "Never let your fear overcome your desire.  Let the obstacles in your path be external, not internal.  Fortune does favor the bold and you'll never know what you're capable of if you don't try.", Story of the Week: A southern Colorado community came together on a local news station's Facebook Page to help a paralyzed man find service dogs. , Non-Profits on Facebook launched their new and improved resource center for non-profits today. Check out the 'Resources' tab for new case studies, best practices and tools. Also, be sure to go to the 'Success Stories' tab to tell us about how you're using Facebook for your cause., Meet six-year-old K.E. Because of a disorder, he is fed through a tube in his stomach. His mom created a Facebook Group to support others in this situation. Read more of their story at http://ow.ly/4UDmp. Have you created your own meaningful small Group? Tell us in the comments., You asked us to protect you even more from spam and scams. Our security team pulled even more all nighters. Here are 4 new security features resulting from this. We hope you like them., Story of the Week: 86-year-old Australian motorcyclist Doug Sunderland took to the road for "one last ride" with the encouragement of hundreds of Facebook supporters who met him along the way with cash, food and places to stay. , After their friend's mysterious disappearance went unsolved, three women took the case into their own hands.  They continue to hunt for clues through Facebook and relentless investigation. Tune into "Facebook Detectives" on Saturday, May 7th at 10/9c on CBS for their story. , After tornadoes tore across the southern United States, one woman wanted to reunite storm survivors with their memories. This is the story of how she and many others gathered to help through the Pictures and Documents found after the April 27, 2011 Tornadoes Page.
, It's now even easier to tag your friends in your posts. Start typing their name to reveal a drop-down.  You can also shorten their name by deleting the first or last name in the tag.  Try tagging your friends now to let them know., Story of the Week: Two years after finding a link to a stem cell registry on a friend's Facebook page and making a bone marrow donation, a Canadian man met the father of three his donation saved. , People are buzzing about the Royal Wedding on Facebook: 6.8 million people globally talked about the event through public status updates during the past 24 hours. Check out more stats from Facebook UK., To get ready for the Royal Wedding, The British Monarchy Page is asking people to share their stories through Facebook about how they plan to celebrate the nuptials. Are you and your friends using Facebook to make plans for the wedding?, Story of the Week: Father-daughter pair Larry and Meagan Johnson discuss how Baby Boomers are better at using Facebook than they think—but still have a lot to learn., Deals: Better with Friends, Congratulations to the second-annual Facebook Fellowship winners! We can't wait to see what these five outstanding scholars contribute to the growing social web. Read more about the program and past fellows on Facebook Fellowship Program. , Sharing with Small Groups, Happy Earth Day! Together we can use Facebook to raise environmental awareness – and inspire action – worldwide. Read more on Green on Facebook and check out the Billion Acts of Green app to pledge your act of green and encourage your friends to do the same., Happy 1st birthday, Like button! For a one-year old, the Like button sure has a lot of friends. More than 10,000 sites add the Like button every day. Tell us what the Like button has meant to you., Story of the Week: When disastrous floods hit Australia, the Queensland Police Service paused its press release protocol and adopted Facebook as a one-stop shop for news and live updates., One hour to go until the Facebook Live pre-show of President Obama's townhall at our headquarters. Tune in starting at 1 p.m. PDT/4 p.m. EDT and ask your question:  https://apps.facebook.com/facebooklive/, Stay tuned Wednesday after the Presidential townhall for more from Facebook Live: Women in Technology Panel - April 20th @ 3:15pm PT / 6:15pm ET about the role of greater diversity on innovation (RSVP: http://ow.ly/4DLM0 ) and Startup America Panel at Facebook Townhall at 4:30pm PT / 7:30pm ET about the state of entrepreneurship (RSVP: http://ow.ly/4DLOQ)., null, Ask President Obama your question this Wednesday when he visits Facebook's headquarters for a townhall being streamed live on Facebook Live at 1:45pm PDT / 4:45pm EDT. RSVP and learn more at http://ow.ly/4CZND , You can now "Check In" to Facebook Events and let your friends know when you're at an event together. Try it out on the latest version of the Facebook app for the iPhone or from our m.facebook.com mobile website., What are the most memorable types of status updates you've read from one of your friends?, Messages will be briefly unavailable to a small number of people starting around 10:30 p.m. PDT tonight for maintenance. We'll work to bring it back as quickly as possible and apologize for any inconvenience., Story of the Week: Being real is making a comeback.  Dan Rose, our VP of Partnerships and Platform Marketing, talks about how people's online presence is mirroring their real lives more and more, thanks in part to their trusted networks of friends and family. , Today we launched the Open Compute Project, an industry-wide initiative for more efficient and economical data centers. By improving the technology that keeps Facebook running, we'll be able to support having even more of your friends on Facebook and offer you new social experiences., Tune in to Facebook Live today at 10 a.m. PDT to be part of a live announcement about new technology from Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook engineers and our industry partners: http://ow.ly/4vlzf, Story of the Week: A week after India won the Cricket World Cup, cricket fans got more good news. Wisden Almanack, the 147-year-old cricket "Bible," launched a Facebook Page just in time for its upcoming announcement of the five cricketers of the year., Camp Kesem, a volunteer-run summer camp for kids of parents with cancer, uses Facebook Groups to connect its collegiate leaders across the country and make it fun and easy to exchange information. What are the cool ways you're using the new Groups? Tell us at http://stories.facebook.com and learn more about Groups in the video
below., Ever wonder what it's really like inside the walls of Facebook? Catch a glimpse in these clips from MTV's "Diary of Facebook" and hear stories from people whose connections changed their lives., Story of the Week: Facing a deadline, Smithsonian scientists post thousands of photos to their friends to get help cataloging a collection of South American fish--just in the nick of time. , What person in your current or past life have you been most surprised to connect with on Facebook?, The Wisdom of Friends (and Others Too), Story of the Week: One writer's rejected effort on Facebook to reconnect with a past acquaintance leads him to question the best response to an unwanted contact. How would you respond?, Story of the Week: One woman raised $5,000 for her family in Sendai, Japan, thanks to generous donations from her Facebook friends and good Samaritans., We're working to make it easier to find fun things to do with your friends and connect with local businesses. We're testing a new Deals feature that brings you offers from nearby businesses, which you can share with your friends. These new deals will be available soon in Atlanta, Austin, Dallas, San Diego and San Francisco. To find out more and subscribe to updates for your area, visit http://www.facebook.com/deals, Take a look at how news of the Japan earthquake and tsunami spread on Facebook. For more resources and ways to help, check out the Global Disaster Relief on Facebook page., Be part of SXSW in Austin with Facebook Live. Watch interviews with special guests in front of a live audience, and ask your own questions at http://apps.facebook.com/facebooklive/. Like the Facebook Live page for schedule updates., Our thoughts are with all of those impacted by the devastating earthquake and tsunami in Japan. Some people, like Tiffany Brunson, are using Facebook to get updates on loved ones. Her sister in Tokyo let Tiffany and her family in North Carolina know she was okay through status updates. Learn how you can help, too, on the Global Disaster Relief on Facebook Page., We're taking more steps to help you stay safe online. Learn more in an announcement on the Facebook Safety page at http://on.fb.me/i2NhVu, and join a discussion on the topic on Facebook Live from the White House at 12:20 pm EST today at http://on.fb.me/fIBanj., Story of the Week: A 4-year-old boy is diagnosed with leukemia after a picture his father posted of him on Facebook caught the attention of a concerned friend., President and Mrs. Obama call on people everywhere to start educating kids about the safe use of new technologies. Watch them discuss the issue in this video from Facebook Safety and tune into a Facebook Live from the White House: http://on.fb.me/fIBanj , You'll soon start seeing the Comments Box on some of your favorite blogs and websites across the web. You'll be able to easily make public comments on other sites using your Facebook account, while seeing more relevant comments, less spam and an option to share your comments with your friends back on Facebook. Watch this video to learn more., Story of the Week: A bride-to-be never thought she'd see her wedding ring again after losing it on a beach. Then thanks to a status update and the help of a metal detector, the ring was found buried in the sand just 36 hours later., Story of the Week: One man drops serious pounds thanks to the encouragement of friends on Facebook and some old-fashioned diet and exercise., Our thoughts go out to all of those in New Zealand impacted by yesterday's earthquake. Learn more about how to help on the New Zealand Red Cross page, and find travel updates from the Air New Zealand - Christchurch Quake Support page. For ongoing updates about resources, like the Global Disaster Relief on Facebook page., Story of the Week: A surgeon diagnoses an old friend's symptoms for appendicitis after seeing his Facebook status.

Have your Facebook friends helped you overcome health issues? Share your story at http://stories.facebook.com., You and your friends can help stop digital abuse by taking action together as part of MTV’s A Thin Line campaign. Share your actions and learn more about what you can do on the Draw Your Line tab at http://ow.ly/3XHeW. For more safety updates, like the Facebook Safety page., A Better Mobile Experience, Thank you to everyone who voted on our Valentine's Day poll. For those of you who guessed that there was a 20 percent increase in Facebook relationship status changes last year on Valentine's Day, you were right. To update your relationship status, edit your profile at http://ow.ly/3Wxsp, null, We've begun expanding the rollout of the new Messages to everyone. Look out for it over the next few weeks if you're not yet using it., We are rolling out the new Photo Viewer to everyone over the course of the next few weeks. Now, you can browse more photos faster without having to lose your place in Facebook., Story of the Week: Some universities now want to keep students in school with a very familiar tool--Facebook., Half the fun of watching the big game today is the commercials.  Vote for your favorites on Facebook Replay and share them after the game.  Go Team!, To the 1.5 million of you who share our birthday today - Happy Birthday!, Chat will be unavailable briefly starting at 11 p.m. PST tonight for some maintenance. We'll work to bring it back as quickly as possible and apologize for any inconvenience., How are you celebrating the Lunar New Year?  See how people are celebrating all over the world and share your photo here.  http://on.fb.me/i61ZZJ, Story of the Week: One college professor couldn't make it to class in the blizzard.  But class wasn't canceled.  It got moved to Facebook., Happy Lunar New Year!  2011 is the Year of the Rabbit and Facebook employees got into the spirit this week to celebrate.  

恭賀新禧， Facebook 全體員工在此與大家歡度新春，祝福大家 2011 兔年行大運。

祥虎辞旧岁，玉兔迎新春。Facebook 全体员工在此祝大家过年好，恭祝大家 2011 年大展宏图。

새해 복 많이 받으세요! 2011년 토끼해를 맞아 Facebook 구성원들도 축하 행렬에 동참했답니다. 재미있는 사진들 둘러보세요.

Chúc mừng năm mới xuân Tân Mão năm 2011!  Nhóm phát triển Facebook muốn ăn mừng với các bạn trong tuần tết này.   , Chat will be unavailable briefly starting at 10:30 p.m. PST tonight as we make improvements. We'll work to bring it back as quickly as possible and apologize for any inconvenience., Now your friends can be with you when you fly. For the month of February,  Gogo Inflight Internet is offering free in-flight wi-fi access to Facebook on participating airlines in North America. So wish someone a happy birthday from 30,000 feet, or share that funny travel story before you land., Now you can claim Deals in Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the UK. Check out our new Deals page to find ones near you: http://www.facebook.com/deals, Be part of International Data Privacy Day today by learning more about controlling how you share information on Facebook. Click the "Privacy" link at the bottom of every page to find helpful resources and review your settings. Also like the Facebook and Privacy Page to receive ongoing tips in your News Feed., Ask questions of major world figures on Facebook Live's continuing coverage Friday of the World Economic Forum. Watch live chats with humanitarians and leaders including Peter Gabriel at 5:30 AM ET/11:30 AM CET, Tony Blair at 8:00 AM ET/14:00 PM CET, and Bill Gates at 12:30 PM ET/18:30 PM CET.  Tune in and take part at http://apps.facebook.com/facebooklive., If you're ever unsure about the security of a network or computer you're using, then try Facebook's advanced security features. Learn how to use them in this video, and get more security tips on Facebook Security (http://www.facebook.com/security)., Story of the Week: A disabled man thanks his Facebook friends for saving him after a small fire started in his kitchen.  , A Continued Commitment to Security, Follow the Facebook buzz about tonight's State of the Union address on U.S. Politics on Facebook page. You can watch and discuss the President's speech live at 6 pm PST/9 pm EST on the page's "Livestream" tab., One view on the role of Facebook in people's faith. What role does it play in your religion and spirituality? Share your story at http://stories.facebook.com/, Story of the Week: Friends with your mom on Facebook?  You’re not the only one.  Study says two-thirds of American teens are comfortable enough with their parents to accept their friend requests., A Better Mobile Experience for More People, Americans who are active online and in social media are also more active in voluntary groups and organizations, according to a new study from Pew Internet & American Life Project. How do you use Facebook for volunteer activities?, Today, all of us remember the legacy of Martin Luther King Jr. How are you commemorating the holiday in your life and community? Check out Martin Luther King Jr. Day of Service for one of many ways to get involved., Facebook is abuzz with talk of tonight's Golden Globe Awards. The top 5 most mentioned nominees: Black Swan, The Social Network, Inception, Despicable Me and The Edge. See if they win and go behind-the-scenes with Facebook and guests on the Golden Globes Page starting at 2:30 pm PST/5:30 pm EST., Help protect children by signing up to receive life-saving AMBER Alert bulletins right in your Facebook News Feed.  Do your part to help find missing children in Massachusetts by liking the Massachusetts AMBER Alert page., The Facebook and Privacy page is answering common questions about how your settings work. First question: Who can see Recent Activity stories on my profile? Find the answer at http://ow.ly/3C7cc and like the page for more tips., The New Profile Is Here, Remember to tune in to Facebook Live (http://apps.facebook.com/facebooklive) starting today at 10 AM PST for our 2nd day of conversations at the Consumer Electronics Show with movers and shakers who are bringing Facebook features to gadgets and electronics., Facebook Live is streaming live from the floor of the International Consumer Electronics Show. Tune in to http://apps.facebook.com/facebooklive starting at 10 AM PST today for an inside look at new social gadgets and electronics., Story of the Week: More than 250 people join together on Facebook to help a Michigan stay-at-home mom ease her growing debts after husband leaves her., The opening of the 112th Congress is being streamed live now on Facebook. You can watch at http://ow.ly/3yNLY on the Congressional Republican's A Pledge to America page and get ongoing updates from our Congress on Facebook page., People celebrated New Year's on Facebook by uploading a record number of photos--more than 750 million over the weekend. Check out your photos and those of your friends at http://www.facebook.com/photos.php., All of us at Facebook wish you a Happy New Year! Do you have a favorite moment on Facebook from 2010? Share it and check out other people's best stories of last year at http://ow.ly/3qpJi, Ring in the new year tonight with Dick Clark's New Years Rockin' Eve in Times Square and watch special segments about top resolutions and other stats gathered on Facebook. , Best Facebook Moment of 2010 from David Fraser of Orlando, FL: "My Facebook moment was on September 5, 2010. I had been sick since 4/9/2009 and on the liver transplant list for a while. On Sept 4, a FB friend asked me to remind her of what organ I needed…The next day I received the call and was given a life saving transplant. FB updates are why I am here today!" Read more and share your story at http://ow.ly/3qpJi., Watch how Facebook engineers and designers prepared for the launch of the new profile in this video from the TIME Person of the Year issue., Best Facebook Moment of 2010 from Mari Eaton McCullough: "December 14, 2009, my son left for Marine Corps boot camp at Parris Island and over the 13 weeks of boot I met a number of parents whose boys were in the same training. We all hooked up on Facebook and have developed a never-ending friendship… If it wasn't for FB I do not know how I would survive…" Read more and share your story at  http://ow.ly/3qpJi., What happens in one minute on Facebook? TIME took a look as part of its Person of the Year issue., Best Facebook Moment of 2010 from Marianne Meehan: "I want to express my sincere gratitude for FB! I was diagnosed with Stage 2 Breast Cancer in April 2010. This was a very terrifying experience for me. But here I stand, in total remission. I have reconnected with some old friends and The Pink Sisterhood. They have inspired me, loved me & kept my spirits high…” Read more and share your story at http://ow.ly/3qpJi., Best Facebook Moment of 2010 from Irena Glover of Leicester, UK: "My husband almost running to log into Facebook to change our relationship statuses to 'Married.' We met through Facebook and both never imagined finding a spouse that way. But we did and I've never been happier…" Read more best moments and share your story of the year at http://ow.ly/3qpJi., Did you know people post more positive status updates in the morning and tend to use similar words as their friends? Read more findings like these in a new study from the Facebook Data Team., Best Facebook Moment of 2010 from Steve Driffin: “…After 40 years and several failed attempts through other sites, I was able to find my brother who was separated from us as an infant. We connected and have spent so much time together since reuniting in February 2010, it seems like we were never apart...” Read more and share your story at http://ow.ly/3qpJi, Chicago, Palo Alto, Calif., headquarters, Tokyo, Dublin, New York City, Toronto, Hamburg, Austin, Texas, Milan, On the “eleventh day of Facebook,” see how happy people are during the holidays. Christmas and New Year’s rank as the two happiest days in 18 countries based on status updates analyzed in our Gross National Happiness index (http://apps.facebook.com/gnh_index/), and they are near the top in four others. What makes you happy during this time of the year?, Running out of time for your holiday gifts? Facebook Credits gift cards are available in hundreds of stores across the U.S., Canada and the U.K. Find your nearest store at http://on.fb.me/a404fl. Remember, Facebook is free to use; Credits let you buy premium items in your favorite games and apps., On the “ninth day of Facebook,” spread holiday cheer with photos and remember to tag your friends and family. You also can print your Facebook photos with Kodak kiosks at Target and CVS, create cards with the "Print to Target" app or create a photo book from your favorite Facebook photos on Shutterfly. What are your favorite holiday photos?, We're getting ready for the annual New Year's Eve ball drop. If you visit Times Square NYC, be sure to check in using Facebook Places., Plan the Perfect Trip with Help from Friends, On the "eighth day of Facebook," you're never too old to believe in Santa. Parents can share their kids' lists on the BeMerrySanta Page and be the first to know when he's coming down the chimney on the NORAD Tracks Santa Page. How are you connecting with Santa for the holidays?, Calling all Ph.D. students to check out the Facebook Fellowship Program., On the "seventh day of Facebook," log in with your smart phone for deals on the go. Check in to get 20 percent off at American Eagle Outfitters or $10 off a $50 purchase at JCPenney. Other places like Sephora and Toys ''R'' Us also have offers exclusively for their Facebook fans., On the "sixth day of Facebook," help those who are less fortunate by donating to a charity or simply checking in with Facebook Places. Southwest Airlines is donating $1 towards air travel to the Make-a-Wish Foundation for every person who checks in, and REI is donating $50 per check-in to local non-profits. How are you giving back for the holidays?, On the “fifth day of Facebook,” give a gift with a group of your friends. eBay Group Gifts makes group gifting easier by letting you select a gift and invite your Facebook friends to chip in and submit personal notes for a virtual card. What kind of gifts are you giving as a group?, Bowl season is here and it’s time to pick some games.  This year on the College GameDay app you can pick against the GameDay guys, ESPN College Football analysts, celebrity guest pickers and friends: http://ow.ly/3r4H9, Take a deeper look at two of the top status trends from our 2010 Memology study--the Chilean miners rescue and the new acronym HMU. Watch how the word spread and people responded. What was your big Facebook moment of the year? Share it on the "Stories" tab at http://ow.ly/3qpJi. (Special thanks to ABC for the miners footage)., On the "fourth day of Facebook," turn that annual holiday card into a note on your profile or send an interactive JibJab.com eCard to friends by logging in with Facebook (http://ow.ly/3qyyU). With so many memories now shared throughout the year, some people question the future of holiday letters. What do you think?, For a brief period of time, some internal prototypes were accidentally exposed to people externally. As a result, we disabled the site for a few minutes. It’s back up, and we apologize for the inconvenience., What was your defining Facebook moment of 2010? As a follow-up to the top 10 status trends we shared earlier, we want to hear your story. Maybe you joined Facebook for the first time, changed your relationship status or chronicled a big life event. Check out the "Stories" tab to learn more: http://ow.ly/3qpJi, On the “third day of Facebook,” deliver a gift to your loved one’s profile Wall. Amazon.com, Starbucks, Kmart and Sears have launched Platform integrations that enable you to purchase a gift card, select a Facebook friend as a recipient and schedule a future delivery. You can also add a personalized greeting. Will you be giving gift cards this year?, Making Photo Tagging Easier, We share today's honor from TIME with all of you. Thanks for your support and we're working hard to make your experience on Facebook better and better., Reality TV for the Rest of Us, Some family members brought the holiday card tradition to the group by posting greetings to one another., The family coordinated dinner plans for Thanksgiving by posting the dishes they were all bringing., One of our interns drew a map of the world entirely from friend connections. See the results from Facebook Engineering. , 2010 Memology: Top Status Trends of the Year, On the first day of Facebook, share and discover gift ideas with your friends. Create your own wish list at Bing Shopping (http://ow.ly/3ox4E), then share it with Facebook friends so your stocking is filled with the right goodies. Or find personal gifts from Etsy (http://ow.ly/3ox5P) based on your friends’ likes and interests. How do you pick the right gifts? , Thank you for being one of the 30 million people who've liked us. Let others know about this page, too, by clicking "Suggest to Friends" under our profile pic. Which updates from us do you like the most?, All of the gift shopping and humming of carols got us in a holiday spirit. So starting tomorrow, we’ll start sharing “12 Days of Facebook” tips and stories that show how the holiday season can be better (and easier) with your friends and family. What tips would you share?, One of the most poignant stories we're ever read, told with sincerity and heart., Story of the Week: When doctors were stumped in treating a woman with chest pains, they found lifesaving answers from her earlier Facebook postings about her health. The case was just one example of the impact of social media on medical treatment that Newt Gingrich and Dr. Kamal Thapar examine in this opinion piece., More Control on Mobile, Watch how the new Facebook profile makes it easier for you to tell your story and learn about your friends. , Our CTO Bret Taylor and VP of Engineering Mike Schroepfer talk about their passion for tech and science as part of a "STEM is Cool" contest from Change the Equation, an industry effort for U.S. literacy in science, technology, engineering and math. "Like" and share the video with your friends.
, Hear more about the new profile and get an inside look at the people behind Facebook in 60 Minutes' interview with Mark Zuckerberg.
, Introducing the New Profile, Take a look inside Facebook and hear from our founder Mark Zuckerberg tonight on 60 Minutes at 7 p.m. ET/PT., Have you seen your friends replace their profile pics with a cartoon character?, Happy Hanukkah! Here at Facebook, some of us are donning a special yarmulke to celebrate. See what others are saying about the festival of lights at http://ow.ly/3jLek., Story of the Week: How the use of real names can stop trolls and make online discussions more civil and human., Seventeen Magazine recently took a look at teens and their love lives through surveys on Facebook. The results are in the December/January issue, and you can check out love facts and stories on the magazine's Facebook Page., Only a few hours to go: Tune into CNN Heroes tonight at 8 pm ET / 5 pm PT to see Demi Moore, Halle Berry, Bon Jovi and John Legend  pay tribute to ten people making a huge difference in the world. Visit Facebook to donate to your favorite Hero using Facebook Credits: http://on.fb.me/gtRFj4. , All of us at Facebook wish you a very Happy Thanksgiving!, Go behind the scenes of CNN Heroes: An All Star Tribute on Facebook. Learn more about the heroes and donate to their causes using Facebook Credits: http://on.fb.me/gtRFj4, You've heard of Black Friday and Cyber Monday. Now join Facebook and more than a dozen organizations in supporting Small Business Saturday on Nov. 27. Shop your local merchants on the day after Thanksgiving, and learn more on the Small Business Saturday page., Huge thanks to David Beckham for lending support to Facebook's anti-bullying efforts. Check out his Page to see his shout-out to Facebook Safety., In the spirit of Thanksgiving, we're highlighting stories about family and Facebook. How are you using Facebook with your family? Check out Facebook Stories and share your own at http://ow.ly/38o48, Are you getting ready to travel for the holidays? Let us know how you're using Facebook with your friends and family to survive the seasonal rush. Share your story and check out fellow travelers' tales at http://ow.ly/38o48, Story of the Week: Mike Schroepfer, our VP of engineering, talks about the rapid pace of innovation on Facebook and the web., Hear Mark Zuckerberg discuss the state of the social web in this interview from the Web 2.0 Summit., Are you using Facebook to:
- Reunite with a long-lost family member?
- Keep in touch with someone in the armed services posted abroad?
- Organize a big charity movement or event?
We're looking for stories like these where the reunion or event has yet to happen.  Let us know at http://ow.ly/3aTlU and we may profile it., All of us working at Facebook have a common goal: Helping you connect and share with the people you care about. Hear from our leadership team about why we emphasize freedom and autonomy inside the company and how we build new technology for people. Learn how you or someone you know can join our team at http://www.facebook.com/careers., Learn how the concept of "a person and a message" drove Facebook's development of the new Messages. , null, One hour to go: Tune in at 10 a.m. PST to watch a live announcement from Facebook at http://apps.facebook.com/facebooklive., Chat will be unavailable briefly starting at 10 p.m. PST today as we make improvements. We'll bring it back as quickly as possible and apologize for any inconvenience., Thank you to all of the veterans for your courage and sacrifices. In honor of Veterans Day, we're sharing Facebook Stories from service members and their familes on the "Stories" tab at: http://ow.ly/38o48 , We're proud to be opening our newest data center today in Rutherford County, N.C., to keep Facebook running smoothly as we grow. Follow along as we build this latest home for our servers and systems by liking the Rutherford Data Center Page. , Story of the Week: A British man kidnapped years ago in Colombia retells his story of reuniting with his captor after a Facebook friend request., Welcome, Queen Elizabeth II and the British royal family., Watch how to find and claim deals from businesses when using Places. Deals are currently only available for some Places in the U.S., null, Find out what's Green on Facebook: Like our new page to learn how you can go green and help save the environment., Chat will be unavailable briefly starting at about 11 p.m. PDT today as we make improvements. We'll work to bring it back as quickly as possible and apologize for any inconvenience., A couple of our employees wanted to try and capture how it feels to bring Facebook with them when they're on the go. So one afternoon, they grabbed a video camera and two of their less camera-shy friends, and headed to San Francisco’s Mission District to tell this little story. How have you experienced serendipity?, null, Introducing Deals, Join the discussion about U.S. election results starting at 7 pm EDT/4 pm PDT during a Live Town Hall from ABC News and Facebook: http://apps.facebook.com/twentytentownhall/., More than 6 million people have clicked the "I Voted" button on Facebook. Have you voted yet? If you need to find out where to vote, check out the “Poll Locator” tab on the U.S. Politics on Facebook page: http://www.facebook.com/uspolitics?v=app_146081198769400, Don't just watch the U.S. election results, be part of the conversation during a Live Town Hall starting at 7 pm EDT Tuesday from ABC News and Facebook. Ask your own questions, answer surveys and invite your friends to watch with you at http://apps.facebook.com/twentytentownhall/. Check out U.S. Politics on Facebook and ABC News for more details., Tuesday is Election Day.  Find out where to vote using the new Polling Place Locator on the U.S. Politics on Facebook page: http://www.facebook.com/uspolitics?v=app_146081198769400, We're proud to be joining the Alliance To Save Energy and to be working on making the systems that run Facebook even more efficient., null, null, Look out for Facebook Credits gift cards and use them to buy premium items in your favorite games and apps., Like the Jersey Shore? Vinny Guadagnino is working with Facebook's Network of Support and MTV's A Thin Line to support LGBT teens and to let people know that it’s never OK to bully someone. Put an end to this and all forms of bullying today., Keep track of the "Races to Watch" on Facebook for the upcoming mid-term election. The U.S. Politics on Facebook page is posting regular tip sheets about what's happening on Facebook around some of the nation's closest contests., null, Watch this video to learn more about three highly requested features that we're launching for Facebook Photos: drag-and-drop organizing of photos and albums, high-resolution photos, and a new inline viewer.  Enjoy, and keep your feedback coming., Help stop cyberbullying by checking out new resources from Facebook Safety and leading LGBT organizations. , A new TRUSTe survey found the majority of parents and teens understand how to protect their privacy and think their controls on Facebook are easy to use. Check out more of the survey on TRUSTe's Page and learn more about Facebook and Privacy., Our Developer blog post explains the steps we take to protect people's private user data., Skype Your Facebook Friends, null, Tune in to Facebook Live at 11:30 AM PT today for a live event with Facebook and Bing to announce a new partnership: http://apps.facebook.com/facebooklive/, null, Story of the Week: Chris Cox, our VP of product, talks about the role of "social design" in building new experiences on Facebook for you and your friends., New Groups: Stay Closer to Groups of People in Your Life, Giving You More Control, Watch how to use the new Facebook Groups to build a space for important groups of people in your life—your family, your soccer team, your book club, to name a few. Try Groups yourself at http://www.facebook.com/groups., Explore the new dashboard in your privacy settings that gives you visibility into how applications use your data to personalize your experience., See how you now can download everything you've ever posted on Facebook and all your correspondences with friends, in a few easy steps., Tune in to Facebook Live at 10:30 am PDT today to watch a live launch event from our headquarters with Mark Zuckerberg and other company leaders: http://apps.facebook.com/facebooklive/, For National Cyber Security Awareness Month in the U.S., Facebook worked with the National Cyber Security Alliance, Anti-Phishing Working Group, and the Stop. Think. Connect. campaign on a security quiz powered by Involver. Check out the "Security Quiz" tab of Facebook Security to test your knowledge and to share results and tips with your friends., Teen star Demi Lovato, PACER’s National Center for Bullying Prevention and Facebook want cyberbullying to end. That’s why we’re teaming up during National Bullying Prevention Month this month to spread the word on how you can play a part in making cyberspace a safer place. Check out our video., More Beautiful Photos, A New Chapter in Reading with Friends, If you’re in the advertising business, don’t miss Facebook next week at Advertising Week in NY. Top executives will be sharing our latest news and insights. For ongoing updates, like the Facebook Marketing Solutions Page.
, Discover Facebook Pages, Our founder Mark Zuckerberg launched a $100M foundation today to improve education, starting with the Newark, NJ, public schools. Read more about the Startup: Education foundation and Mark's work with NJ Gov. Chris Christie and Newark Mayor Cory Booker., We're sorry again for the inconvenience of today's site outage. A failure of this size always involves a number of things going wrong at once, and that was certainly the case today. Read a detailed technical explanation of how it happened and how we've been fixing it on Facebook Engineering., We've resolved the technical difficulties that caused the site to be unavailable for a number of people.  Everyone should now have access to Facebook.  We apologize for the inconvenience., We’re currently experiencing some site issues causing Facebook to be slow or unavailable for some people.  We are working to resolve this issue as quickly as possible., People often find long-lost friends, recover pets or fall in love on Facebook, but we only know of one story where someone on Facebook used her connections to be released from a foreign jail. During the making of Tapestries of Hope, the filmmaker and crew were imprisoned and later freed thanks to the efforts of their fans on Facebook. Learn more about the movie, showing for one night only in theaters on Sept. 28., We've fixed the issue with a third-party networking provider, and anyone who was impacted should be able to access Facebook normally., We are experiencing an issue with a third-party networking provider that is making it difficult for some of you to connect to Facebook.  We are in contact with this provider and working to fix the issue as soon as possible., A Better Games Experience, Games are a huge part of Facebook! Watch Facebook Live  now to join Mark Zuckerberg and our Games team discuss our vision for games on Facebook. http://apps.facebook.com/facebooklive, A New Movie Experience, Starring You and Your Friends, Check out Facebook Live coverage of the Facebook Developer Garage Palo Alto - Girls in Tech streamed from our headquarters all afternoon on the Events channel. There will be speakers from Facebook and across Silicon Valley to talk about innovation and building great products. http://apps.facebook.com/facebooklive, Watch an awesome lineup of actors, musicians, athletes and journalists participating in the Stand Up To Cancer  television fundraising effort tonight (8pm EST & PST / 7pm CT on ABC, CBS, FOX, NBC and many cable channels). Donate using Facebook Credits at http://www.facebook.com/su2c, Give the gift of Facebook Credits, coming to a Target near you this weekend. While Facebook itself is free (and always will be), Facebook Credits gift cards are an easy and convenient way to buy virtual goods--from gifts to premium items--in more than 150 games and applications on Facebook., There is a false rumor that Facebook shares your location without your knowledge or consent. You control your information on Facebook. With Facebook Places, you choose when to share your location by checking in or allowing friends to check you in. Your location is never given to anyone automatically., Give the gift of Facebook Credits, coming to a Target near you this weekend. While Facebook itself is free (and always will be), Facebook Credits gift cards are an easy and convenient way to buys virtual goods--from gifts to premium items--in more than 150 games and applications on Facebook., Are you a news junky? The New York Times is the latest media site to add Facebook integration. Log in to www.nytimes.com with your Facebook account to recommend articles and see which articles are most popular among your friends. , We've fixed a technical issue that was causing the site to be slow or unavailable for some of you. Access to Facebook should be back to normal. Thanks for your patience., Heading back to campus? Check out the new Universities on Facebook Page for advice on the best ways to use Facebook in college and to share your tips. , Want to learn more about Facebook Places? Watch Facebook Live  today at 11 am PT/2 pm ET to hear directly from the team behind Places. Ask a question and get your answers on-air: http://apps.facebook.com/facebooklive  
, Read how Saloni Singhal of India keeps her family close on Facebook even though her relatives are spread all over the world. How are you using Facebook with your family? Share your story at http://stories.facebook.com., Chat with No Interruptions, Today Show is throwing a wedding and asking people on Facebook to choose the lucky couple. Vote for the bride and groom by 1 p.m. EDT Tuesday and share your own wedding stories at http://tinyurl.com/24m9w8v, Watch Facebook Live today at 11am PDT/2pm EDT to see a demo of our new Places product and learn how to control what you share.  We'll be hosting Jules Polonetsky of the Future of Privacy Forum and Larry Magid, Co-Director of ConnectSafely, so ask a question, and we might answer yours on-air., We know you're eager to give the new Places product a try, but please be patient.  We're rolling this out over the next few days to people in the U.S., Learn more in this video about some of the times you might want to check in with Facebook Places to let your friends know where you are. Read more about Places at: http://blog.facebook.com/blog.php?post=418175202130, Who, What, When, and Now...Where, Watch a live launch event right now from Facebook’s headquarters. Hear about new features from Mark Zuckerberg and others on Facebook Live: http://apps.facebook.com/facebooklive, From Facebook Security: Beware of links to fake Facebook 'dislike' buttons. We're working hard to stop these from spreading. As always, don't click on suspicious links and if you see one, report it to us and warn your friends.
, Glimpse inside Facebook's headquarters and ask your own questions on Facebook Live, a new streaming video channel we launched today. Today at 3 pm PDT/6 pm EDT, guest America Ferrera talks about the role social media played in her new film, "The Dry Land": http://apps.facebook.com/facebooklive/, New Tools for Facebook Notes, Don’t miss Mandy Moore live today at 2pm ET/11 am PT for a Facebook townhall event to help send life-saving bed nets to the Central African Republic. Hear from Mandy, experts from the United Nations Foundation ’s Nothing But Nets campaign, and moderator Derrick Ashong, and donate using Facebook Credits!

http://www.facebook.com/NothingButNets?v=app_144931548852828, Photo Browsing on a Single Page, Watch how one man used his 250 Facebook friends to guide him on an epic road trip around the United States. What’s your story? Share it at http://stories.facebook.com/., Facebook Tips: What’s the Difference between Top News and Most Recent?, Learn the difference between the Top News and Most Recent views of your News Feed in the sixth video in our “Facebook Tips” series., Engineering manager Pedram Keyani is giving the inside scoop on Facebook's engineering culture right now on Facebook Live. Watch it @ http://ow.ly/2m6sI, Watch how a local environmental group mobilized community support on Facebook to defeat a ballot measure and preserve open space. What’s your story? Share it at http://stories.facebook.com/., Control Your Information: Anywhere, Anytime, Having trouble connecting to Facebook Chat or noticing that a status update is missing from your News Feed? These are a few of the site issues we're tracking on our new Known Issues on Facebook page. "Like" it to get updates about issues we're working to fix and to report problems you may encounter., Learn how a random act of kindness and a post on Facebook inspired people worldwide to donate $93,000 to a local food bank. What’s your story? Share it at http://stories.facebook.com/., A Life-Saving Blood Drive on Facebook, A World Cup Victory for Fans, Story of the Week: A look at how people on Facebook are sharing a wide range of their lives with friends and family--from mundane moments to life-changing events., What if the innovation and culture of the tech industry were brought to city government? Facebook’s founder Mark Zuckerberg  recently joined leaders in tech and government to answer that question in this video about the Code for America Fellows., Searching for Answers? Ask Facebook Questions, Thanks to Kanye West for visiting Facebook and performing some new material for us. Check out his performance for yourself at: http://ow.ly/2hVoP, Find ongoing tips and resources about online safety on our new Facebook Safety page., Tip from Facebook Security: On Facebook, there's no way to see who has visited your profile. We've also prevented others from providing this functionality. We're working hard to block and remove websites, Pages, and applications that claim to do this. If you see one, don't be fooled, and report it to us immediately., Each one of us would like to thank each one of you for making Facebook part of your life., Cleaning Up Your Dashboard, Facebook Stories: What’s Your Story?, As Facebook reaches 500 million people, founder Mark Zuckerberg introduces the Facebook Stories application to celebrate how people's connections impact their lives., 500 Million Stories, Connecting with Chris Vein: City Hall Technologist, Are you using Facebook to plan your summer vacation or get travel recommendations from friends? Tell us about it by sharing your Facebook travel story at http://ow.ly/2brYk. We may feature it in future posts., Rumors claiming that Facebook's Phonebook feature exposes phone numbers are false. The Phonebook allows you to find your friends' phone numbers if they've posted them to Facebook and made them available for their friends. Learn and share the facts in this blog post., Story of the Week: Former students honor teachers who made an impact on their lives through Facebook posts and tribute pages. Have you thanked your favorite teacher?, You can now connect your Outlook inbox to Facebook with the Microsoft Outlook Social Connector. Find out how here: http://bit.ly/cwclDc, Filmmakers Find Facebook Supporters to Tell Bullying Story, John Kosner, SVP & GM of Digital Media at ESPN, shares why he's excited about ESPN's work with Facebook, and who he thinks will win the World Cup., Listen to British Prime Minister David Cameron and Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg talk about “The Spending Challenge,” the largest public engagement project ever undertaken by the British government, which was launched today on the Democracy UK on Facebook Page., Last Call for Facebook Gifts, Story of the Week: Customers of a Florida restaurant answer a call on Facebook to keep it in business., The Role of Advertising on Facebook, Ever wonder why you see certain ads on Facebook? This video explains how our ad system works to show you relevant ads without sharing any of your personal information with advertisers., Happy Fourth of July! How are you celebrating on Facebook?, A look at how the World Cup players stack up on Facebook., Helping Newcomers Connect to Interests, Story of the Week: One columnist's quid pro quo with his Facebook friends keeps his life connected: "I update, they update.", Making Facebook Photos Better, Facebook for Foodies: Your Posts Make Me Hungry, Applications Ask, You Receive: Simplified Permissions Launch, Look out for Facebook Credits in more of your favorite games on Facebook to get premium items easily as you play., Explaining Facebook's Spam Prevention Systems, The Players: A look at how four of the most well-known players stack up in status messages mentioning them since the start of the tournament., The Spirit: A look at the relative volume of status updates with a World Cup-related keyword since the start of the tournament. Spikes correspond with the opening ceremonies, as well as many of the most talked-about matches., Match Up: Status messages about the first England-US match surged over the course of the game on June 12. The keywords analyzed were "USA" and "England," as well as the names of the top players from both teams. About 30 percent of all status updates on Facebook during the course of that match included a word relevant to the World Cup., Goal!: A look at the spikes in people writing "goal" in their status updates since the beginning of the World Cup. The peaks correspond with big matches, represented above with country flags., Story of the Week: By connecting with youth on Facebook, the Queensland government in Australia increases participation in its efforts against alcohol-related violence., Ronaldo's Words of Wisdom from the World Cup: Stay Focused, A new version of Facebook for iPhone is out, now with the ability to watch videos and post on event Walls. Give version 3.1.3 a try and tell us what you'd like to see next., Take part in tonight's Larry King Live telethon for the Gulf Coast on CNN from 8-10 pm EDT. Comment and interact with celebrities as they pose questions during the event on the Global Disaster Relief on Facebook page., Families That Facebook Together, Stay Together, Happy Father's Day to all of the fathers around the world! See what people are saying about their dads in status messages they've shared with "Everyone": http://ow.ly/20SI7. How are you celebrating on Facebook?, Answering Recent Questions on Privacy Controls, The third video in our "Learn More" series about privacy settings on Facebook provides a guide to controls over what is shared with websites, games and applications. Check out the previous video here: http://ow.ly/20jKH, 'I Like Your Comment', Story of the Week: A Canadian woman's Facebook group to stop a Californian man from taking his own life sparks a wider movement to prevent suicide., Story of the Week: A Canadian woman's Facebook group to stop a Californian man from taking his own life sparks a wider movement to prevent suicide., Couple’s Adoption Wish Comes True on Facebook, Story of the Week: The response team for the Gulf of Mexico oil spill turns to Facebook to spread awareness of cleanup efforts and hear public opinions. Join the response at Deepwater Horizon Response., The Facebook Guide to the World Cup, We announced a partnership today with the National PTA to educate students, parents and teachers about safe and responsible Internet use, encourage digital citizenship and combat cyberbullying. We’ll be working together with online safety experts on a comprehensive set of education resources that the PTA will promote and distribute through the its website, direct to its membership nationwide, and through its Facebook Page. Stay updated on this initiative visit the "Safety" tab on the Facebook in Education page., Pelé Shares Life Lessons from Football, English Town Embraces Facebook Glee Club, Learn more about Facebook and Privacy on our new Page of ongoing resources and discussions about online privacy. You'll find news articles, videos and other relevant information, and you'll be able to share your own perspectives., 'The Facebook Effect': Standing Up Against FARC, Facebook 's coming to a Yahoo account near you. Read more about how Yahoo is integrating with Facebook to make its services more social., Watch this video to learn more about the "Like" button you see on other websites, and how social plugins let you take your friends with you around the web., An annual tradition, Game Day is a chance for employees at Facebook to get outside, have fun together  and compete for the glory of being the year's champions. , Group shot. Credit: Andrew Bosworth, Are you a political junkie? Check out U.S. Politics on Facebook, a new page we launched today to highlight politicians 
and campaigns using Facebook, share tips and best practices, and discuss political news from Facebook., Stay Updated on Facebook and Privacy, The second video in our "Learn More" series 
about privacy settings on Facebook provides a step-by-step guide to our 
new controls for sharing.  Check out the first video here: http://ow.ly/1TG7B, Story of the Week: Fifteen years after they were kidnapped, a California mother locates her two children in central Florida after friending the daughter on Facebook., Town Bands Together on Facebook for Fire Relief, Service Members Maintain Ties a World Away, For Memorial Day tomorrow, dedicate your Facebook status to honor one of the 2 million American soldiers who died fighting for his or her country through the honorthem application from the White House Commission on Remembrance and developer Involver. Search for a specific individual, or tribute a soldier selected randomly from the White House database. Once a soldier’s name is selected, you'll be prompted to update your status., Learn More: Privacy on Facebook, This is the first video in our "Learn More" series about privacy on Facebook., From Facebook Walls to the Polls in Colombia, Understanding Your Privacy Controls on Facebook, Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg discusses changes to make privacy controls simpler to use. Read more details in his blog at http://blog.facebook.com/blog.php?post=391922327130., Making Control Simple, Helping Kids Find Their Way Home, null, Connecting with Fans from World Cup™ Training, Story of the Week: The reacquaintance of two high school classmates in Illinois leads to a campaign on Facebook to find help and a home for a family in need., Repost from Facebook Security: Tip of the Week: Don't click on 
suspicious-looking links, even if they've been sent or posted by 
friends.  If it seems strange for a friend to be sharing a particular 
link, delete it, and notify the person right away., In honor of Memorial Day this month, we want to hear stories from service members and their families about how they’re staying in touch through Facebook. Are you sharing photos, status updates and updates while serving the country? Tell us at http://ow.ly/1Lkef and we’ll feature some of your stories in future posts., Facebook Friend Request Turns to Happily Ever After, Staying in Control of Your Facebook Logins, The World Cup™ through the Eyes of Friends, Story of the Week: After typing a name into Facebook, a son reconnects with his father after being separated decades earlier., Check out OnGuardOnline.gov, which provides practical tips to help you avoid fraud, secure your computer, and protect your personal information from the federal government and the technology industry.  Find OnGuardOnline.gov on Facebook at http://www.facebook.com/OnGuardOnline., Our top public policy executive answers privacy questions from readers of the New York Times., null, 'Facebook Fairytales': Missing Person, To celebrate Mother's Day happening in many countries, we’re featuring people’s favorite photos of themselves with their mothers. We asked people to submit photos for a chance to appear in photo albums here on Facebook and on Hershey’s big screen in New York’s Times Square on Sunday.  Find and tag yourself in these albums if you had submitted a photo. (3 of 3), Stories of Motherhood from Facebook Families, To celebrate Mother's Day happening in many countries, we’re featuring people’s favorite photos of themselves with their mothers. We asked people to submit photos for a chance to appear in photo albums here on Facebook and on Hershey’s big screen in New York’s Times Square on Sunday.  Find and tag yourself in these albums if you had submitted a photo. (2 of 3), To celebrate Mother's Day happening in many countries, we’re featuring people’s favorite photos of themselves with their mothers. We asked people to submit photos for a chance to appear in photo albums here on Facebook and on Hershey’s big screen in New York’s Times Square on Sunday.  Find and tag yourself in these albums if you had submitted a photo. (1 of 3) , Um...Your Mom Poked Me on Facebook, Story of the Week: For an out-of-work newspaper columnist, Facebook updates offer reassurance and normalcy amid the uncertainty of unemployment., A More Global View of Gross National Happiness, We're looking for the best and brightest engineers to join us in a new Seattle office and help us build cool products for the 400 million+ people on Facebook: http://bit.ly/datm20, Chat is unavailable as we work quickly to fix a bug reported to us. It should return to normal soon. Because of the bug, people could view friends’ chat messages and friend requests for a limited amount of time if they manipulated the “preview my profile” feature in a specific way. We’ve fixed that issue and took down Chat as soon as we became aware of it. We apologize for the inconvenience., Democracy in the UK: Results of the Social Media Election, Facebook Events: Now Making Casual Get-Togethers Easier, Kenyan Refugees Find a Home on Facebook, We've fixed the network issue that was causing the site to be slow or to time out. For those of you who were affected, the site should be returning to normal. Thank you for your patience., We are working as quickly as possible to fix a network issue that is causing the site to run slowly or time out today for some people. We apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience., You now can find the Like button and other social plugins on more than 50,000 websites. Read more about how they work: http://bit.ly/dqoXgJ and http://bit.ly/9k6Pt1, 'Facebook Fairytales': Waiting for Baby, Story of the Week: One student's call on Facebook to oppose school budget cuts leads to statewide protests and student walkouts in New Jersey., Fighting Badware One Story at a Time, Answers to Your Questions on Personalized Web Tools, Story of the Week: A detailed look at the most relevant privacy settings for our recent launches., What are you doing for Earth Day today? Check out the green tips and ideas people are sharing on Facebook: http://bit.ly/cQmh14, 'Facebook Fairytales': Heaven Sent, Watch the closing f8 keynotes now on our "f8 Live" tab to hear about the cool new products developers may be building for you in the near future: http://apps.facebook.com/feightlive/, New Ways to Personalize Your Online Experience, Building the Social Web Together, Watch Mark Zuckerberg now on the “f8 Live” tab as he discusses the future of the social web during his keynote at our f8 conference for developers: http://apps.facebook.com/feightlive/, Check out our "f8 Live" tab for streaming video and live chat of keynotes from Mark Zuckerberg and other Facebook speakers, breakout sessions and behind-the-scenes discussions at our conference for developers and entrepreneurs: http://apps.facebook.com/feightlive/., null, Take peek at what's happening tomorrow during our f8 conference for developers. Watch live streaming video and take part by visiting the "f8 LIVE" tab tomorrow on this page and the event's f8 Page., Have questions about today's announcement of Community Pages and profile connections to Pages? Check out the FAQs in our Help Center., Connecting to Everything You Care About, Be counted!  Today is the last day to mail in your U.S. Census form. Learn more about the importance of being counted from the U.S. Census Bureau on Facebook., Citizen of the World Reunites with Kenyan Classmates, How's the Iceland volcano impacting people's lives? Find out by checking status updates that people are sharing with everyone: http://bit.ly/amUXqe, Story of the Week: A Facebook holdout rethinks her doubts about joining after looking more closely at the pros and cons., Announcing the Inaugural Facebook Fellows, Introducing Our New Safety Center, 'Facebook Fairytales': Desperately Seeking Sister, A New Look for the Facebook Blog, Are you done with your taxes yet? Here are some ways to find support and tips on Facebook., Watch out for suspicious gift-card offers. We’ve recently removed some offers that promise gift cards but instead trick people into providing information or spamming friends. Be sure offers are from legitimate retailers and follow other Facebook Security tips at http://bit.ly/12DNVg., Story of the Week: How one woman and her friends turn to their Facebook connections for modern-day comfort, advice and camaraderie., Educating Older Adults on Broadband's Benefits, Responding to Your Feedback, Connecting with Emily Liebert: Author of 'Facebook Fairytales', Love Thy Neighbor on Facebook, Story of the Week: A Tennessee cancer patient connects with an experimental treatment thanks to the pleas of his friends and supporters on Facebook., The week-long comment period for the proposed changes to the Privacy Policy and Statement of Rights and Responsibilities ends soon.  Tell us what you think by going to the "Documents" tab of the Facebook Site Governance Page.  For more information about the changes, read our blog post., Injured Aid Worker Finds 'A Revolution in Human Kindness', Ever typed something you wouldn't say in person? Ever felt trashed online? Share your story and rate others' stories in the Over the Line? application on Facebook: http://apps.facebook.com/over-the-line/, Mother’s Day is almost here: Tell us about how Facebook has strengthened your relationship with your mom at http://bit.ly/cOH9eh. Were you and your mother recently reunited on Facebook, or do you now stay in better touch with each other? We’ll feature some of your stories in future posts., We want to hear your story about your favorite application on Facebook or Facebook Connect-enabled site. Submit a video answering these 3 questions by midnight PST April 2: 1) How do use the application? 2) What do you like about it? 3) How does it enhance your friendships?

Upload your video on Facebook or anywhere on the Web and send an email to yourvideos@facebook.com with a direct link to your video. We'll be in touch with you should we decide to highlight your story in future projects., Cultural Traditions on the Facebook Menu, Facebook chefs regularly prepare special menus to celebrate the cultural and religious holidays of our employees. Check out the most recent menu prepared for Nowruz, the Iranian New Year celebration., What is your favorite application on Facebook? Do you use a Facebook Connect-enabled website? We want to know. Watch this clip to learn how to share your video story with us., Lights out for Earth Hour. Tonight from 8:30-9:30pm local time., Another Step in Open Site Governance, The Cricket Pitch Comes to Facebook, This made us chuckle, too!, Story of the Week: Residents of a Florida city track the latest antics and whereabouts of a recently escaped monkey on Facebook., null, In recognition of World Water Day today, Non-Profits on Facebook profiles four organizations on Facebook helping to supply fresh water around the world., Facebook Security warns you to watch out for a spoofed email going around that 
claims to be from Facebook and asks you to open an attachment to receive
 a new password.  This email is fake.  Delete it from your inbox, and 
warn your friends., Connecting with Chuck Martin: The Facebook Grader, Story of the Week: For a New York medical resident, friending a patient puts a human face on illness and the doctor-patient relationship., Delivering More Search Results as You Type, Don’t believe any applications that claim they can show you who’s viewing your profile or photo: 1) They can’t, 2) We’re aggressively disabling those that claim they can, and 3) You can help stop them by learning to report these apps at http://www.fb.me/help/?faq=13237, Sports fans, check out our new Sports on Facebook page and connect with NCAA basketball tournament teams through the "College" tab., Celebrating 25 Years of Dot-Com, null, null, It’s official: We’re heading to Austin, Texas, for our first U.S. online operations office outside of our headquarters. We're already hiring at http://www.facebook.com/careers., Faces of Facebook: The Social Side of Public Policy, Thanks Ashton Kutcher for visiting our office today. Did you enjoy your milk?, Story of the Week: A call for hot water advice on Facebook leads to an outpouring of help for a woman near Cleveland, Ohio., To honor International Women's Day, Non-Profits on Facebook profiles the Facebook Pages of five organizations helping to improve women's lives worldwide., Academy Awards fans: Watch the stars arrive and ask them questions during the Oscar.com Live from the Red Carpet Facebook webcast at 6 PM EST/3 PM PST today., Facebook Neighbors Reunite Dog with Owner, What's it like to work with Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg? Find out in this personal note from one of our engineers on the Facebook Engineering Page., Connecting with... Jonah Seiger: Online Politico, Bigger Photos for Better Viewing, Staying in Touch with Applications, Olympic Spirit: The sending of status messages on Facebook peaked Sunday at 2:29 pm PST and 2:54 pm PST during two significant goals in the Olympic hockey finals: when the U.S. tied and Canada won. More than 3.5 million status updates were sent during the time frame of those key plays, twice the pace of the rest of the day., Olympic Spirit: The end has come with tonight's final hockey game between Canadian Olympic Team and US Olympic Team and the closing ceremonies. Relive some memories in the latest fan photos from The Olympic Games on Facebook., Our thoughts go out to the people of Chile after today's earthquake and to the entire Pacific region worried about a tsunami. For updates and ways to help, check out Global Disaster Relief on Facebook., Exploring Local Businesses on Facebook, Olympic Spirit: NBC Olympics is asking for your Facebook fan questions for Vancouver athletes and has been posting links to videos of Shaun White, Shannon Bahrke and more answering them. Next up: U.S. skier Julia Mancuso., Thanks to the Office of the Governor of Texas for the support as we look for a location for a new online and operations office in the U.S., Story of the Week: Residents of Ciudad Juárez in Mexico battle that city's distinction as the world's most violent by organizing protests on Facebook against drug violence and corruption., Facebook Tips: What’s the Difference between a Facebook Page and Group?, Olympic Spirit: AP Winter Games features a video interview with U.S snowboarder Seth Wescott about his back-to-back gold medals. Thanks, Seth, for the shout-out to your Facebook fans., Olympic Spirit: See Vancouver through the eyes of the fans in this photo album from The Olympic Games., Olympic Spirit: Evan Lysacek from the U.S. Figure Skating team answers questions from Facebook fans after winning the gold. Check out the Today Show video at http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/21134540/vp/35480157#35480157, We have restored access to Facebook for those of you this morning who had trouble logging in or accessing parts of the site.  Thank you for your patience as we worked to fix the issue., Some people this morning are having trouble accessing Facebook, friends’ profiles or other features because of an isolated server issue. We are working to restore access as quickly as possible and apologize for any inconvenience., Story of the Week: The amount of time students spend on Facebook and social media does not affect their grades, according to a new study from the University of New Hampshire., On the Road with Facebook Friends, Our engineers at Facebook are always looking to innovate and move fast so we can launch new products and improve people’s experience in the way they connect and share. Watch our company leaders discuss our culture and philosophy around innovation and explain how every person at the company can make a big impact even as we grow. To learn more about engineering innovations at Facebook, become a fan of http://www.facebook.com/Engineering., We’re honored to be at the top of Fast Company's most innovative companies list. To all of you on Facebook, thanks for your support., New Privacy Controls for Your Applications, Soon you'll be able to stay connected with your Facebook friends from Microsoft Outlook. Learn more about Facebook for Outlook from Microsoft's announcement today., It's one of those days at the office: The power is out in our home city of Palo Alto, but we're still working. The outage won't affect your ability to use Facebook as usual., Romantic Tales from the News Feed, Story of the Week: An urgent post on Facebook leads to a frantic effort across five U.S. states to save Ranger, the shelter dog., Sharing the Olympic Magic with Fans, We’ve heard from many of you who are seeing a delay in your News Feed posts.  We’ve fixed this issue and you should see your News Feeds gradually return to normal.  Thanks for your feedback., Facebook Chat Now Available Everywhere, Facebook Mobile: 100 Million and Growing, Parenting via Facebook: Vomit Reports and Baby Advice, Watch a video tour of the new navigation and features for your Facebook home page., The Importance of Thinking Before You Post, Hear from one of our site reliability engineers about how he and a small team keep Facebook running at peak performance for more than 400 million people worldwide: http://bit.ly/bnadA0, Faster, Simpler Photo Uploads, Scenes from our sixth birthday celebration and launch night at our headquarters, where we rolled out products including the new home page navigation., Introducing Your New Navigation, Six Years of Making Connections, Hear President Bush discuss the need for more help with Haiti earthquake relief in this video on the Global Disaster Relief on Facebook page., Got a great idea for stopping digital abuse?  Enter MTV's Redraw the Line Challenge by Feb. 19 for a chance to win $10,000 and work with MTV to make your idea a reality. Learn more about our efforts with MTV to help break the cycle of digital abuse at http://bit.ly/5nvAAl, Story of the Week: A teenager asks her global Facebook friends to bring cheer to her sister suffering from leukemia by posting pictures of the color yellow, her sister's favorite., Connecting with... Sam Gosling: Facebook Psychologist, Valentine’s Day is almost here: Tell us how Facebook has played Cupid in your life for the chance to be featured in an upcoming post. Share your story at http://bit.ly/5ttJCe, Are you into code? Check out our announcement today of HipHop for PHP, a source code transformer that was developed by a small team from Facebook Engineering and is being released as open source., Thanks to all of you who participated in answering public opinion questions on Facebook to help inform the World Economic Forum. Read more about the impact the hundreds of thousands of you had on the gathering of world leaders., Some people are reporting that they can no longer view or access certain groups to which they belong.  This is a technical issue affecting the visibility of the group, and no content has been removed. We are working to resolve this ASAP. Whenever you have questions, visit http://www.facebook.com/help., Pulse from Davos: As world leaders gather at the World Economic Forum, people on Facebook are joining the discussion by answering public opinion polls on the site. We are highlighting the third in a series of results: Does global financial regulation need extreme reform? Yes: 55.8%, No: 15.8%, Not Sure: 28.4%, Pulse from Davos: As world leaders gather at the World Economic Forum, people on Facebook are joining the discussion by answering public opinion polls. We are highlighting the second in a series of results: Will the global recession get worse? Yes: 47.3%, No: 31.5%, Not Sure: 21.2%, Creating Your Personalized News Channel, Pulse from Davos: As world leaders gather at the World Economic Forum, people on Facebook are joining the discussion by answering public opinion polls on the site. We are highlighting the first in a series of results:  Should international banks be limited in size and scope to keep them from becoming too large? Yes: 43%, No: 29%, Not Sure: 28%, Viewpoints on Privacy for the Digital Age, Facebook Toolbar Speaks New Languages, Join the discussion on Facebook about President Obama's State of the Union Address tonight. The White House is streaming the speech starting at 9 p.m. EST/6 p.m. PST., Many people have posted about the appearance of an application listed as “Unnamed App” in their Applications Settings. This was a bug, which we now have fixed. It did not damage any accounts., Story of the Week: Nostalgic residents of one Florida city reconnect on Facebook to recollect the past--from their favorite hangouts of yesteryear to the events that defined their hometown., Global Disaster Relief on Facebook will stream "Hope for Haiti Now: A Global Benefit for Earthquake Relief" live at 8 p.m. EST/5 p.m. PST tonight. Share your thoughts while watching the telethon, as well as get involved in relief efforts on Causes and its Haiti-specific fundraising efforts., Connections of Strangers Returns Camera to Owner, null, Story of the Week: A former guard at Guantanamo Bay meets with two of his ex-inmates to reconcile their past after reuniting with them on Facebook., Communicating with Your Favorite Applications through Email, The World Economic Forum polled people from 10 countries on Facebook and found that two-thirds view the current economic crisis as also being a crisis of ethics and values., Beware of scams and hoaxes and ensure that your donations for Haiti get to the right places. Contrary to a current meme, Facebook is not donating $1 for statuses, however we are sharing reputable resources via the "Other Pages" tab on the Global Disaster Relief on Facebook Page., Former President Bill Clinton filmed this video telling Facebook users how they could help the Haiti relief effort, including joining Global Disaster Relief on Facebook., Global Relief on Facebook: Connecting in Times of Need, Story of the Week: A cousin's Facebook postings from Haiti assures extended family that their relatives are safe after the earthquake. This is one of many heartwarming stories of people staying in touch and helping each other despite adversity., Our thoughts are with the people of Haiti. Find ways to help with earthquake relief from the U.S. Department of State, American Red Cross, Oxfam America, Mercy Corps and World Vision. Search "Haiti" to see what stories people are sharing on Facebook., Better Security through Software, We’re proud to be continuing our support of open source technology by becoming a gold sponsor of the Apache Software Foundation. Read more about these efforts on the Facebook Developers blog: http://bit.ly/7AnoQ0, Replying to Comments through Email, Student Scientists Stay Close a World Away, Calling All Ph.D. Students, Story of the Week: Long-lost friends find solace after deaths in their families by reliving childhood memories on Facebook., Facebook for iPhone 3.1 is now available from the App Store and features push notifications and address book syncing., Join and watch New Year festivities from New York's Times Square through this Live Stream on Facebook. All of us at Facebook wish you a Happy New Year!, Story of the Week: A woman in Indonesia talks with her older brother for the first time in 35 years after finding him on Facebook., Restaurateur Maintains Ties with Homeland, A New Help Center for 2010, Teaching Holiday Traditions with the Help of Friends, Check out the top 10 stories of 2009 about successful businesses being built on Facebook Platform and with Facebook Connect., Facebook Memology: Top Status Trends of 2009, Story of the Week: A Florida college student finds his stolen car after enlisting his Facebook friends to search for it., The Facebook Data Team published its first-ever research on the ethnic diversity of Facebook in the U.S., finding that diversity has increased over time and today nearly mirrors the ethnic makeup of the country., Celebrating Anniversaries on Facebook, The Award Goes to...Translators, Following feedback, we've improved the Friend List visibility option on profiles. Now when you uncheck the "Show my friends on my profile" option in the Friends box on your profile, your Friend List won't appear on your profile regardless of whether people are viewing it while logged into Facebook or logged out., Each time you share content on Facebook, you can now decide who can see it
by using controls in the Publisher. Watch this tutorial to learn more about these new Publisher privacy controls. Read more about all of our new privacy tools at
http://blog.facebook.com/blog.php?post=196629387130, Updates on Your New Privacy Tools, Take a tour of the new Privacy Settings page in this video tutorial and learn how to customize your settings. This new page will be available once you’ve completed the transition to the new settings., Facebook Connect: Celebrating Year One, Today, we launched new privacy settings and tools to give you greater control over the information you share on Facebook. Watch this tutorial to learn more about how to update your settings., New Tools to Control Your Experience, How are you using Facebook to celebrate and reconnect this holiday season? Share your story here: http://bit.ly/5ttJCe. We'll reshare the most interesting and unexpected ones in future posts., We’re working with Google to offer real-time search of public content from Facebook Pages., Working Together for Online Safety, Finding Support in Tough Economic Times, Story of the Week: Academic researchers find that people stay true to their real selves on their Facebook profiles., How to Break the Cycle of Digital Abuse, An Open Letter from Facebook Founder Mark Zuckerberg, Turn Facebook (RED) on World AIDS Day, Personal Shopping the Facebook Way, Story of the Week: Check out six ways that Facebook can help you be more effective in the work place., Discover Ways to Give Back on Facebook, There is a rumor spreading again that Facebook is using your photos in ads without your consent.  This rumor was not true earlier this year, and it’s not true now. For more information on Facebook's advertising policies and how we use photos, please take a look at our blog post on the issue, http://bit.ly/xCNTu., Facebook Tips: How do I find and "fan" a Page?, Learn how to connect and interact with your favorite public figures, organizations and businesses in the fifth video in our “Facebook Tips” series., Music fans, get your questions ready. At 3 p.m. PST today, you'll be able to ask live questions on Facebook of your favorite artists at the American Music Awards. Check out the AMA PreShow Live on Celebs on Facebook., The Mass Animation of a Hollywood Short, Story of the Week:  The former PR director for the San Francisco Giants baseball team explores the importance of reconnecting with your past through Facebook., New Privacy Policy Adopted, Xbox Connects with Facebook, "Unfriend" just became the 2009 Word of the Year in the New Oxford American Dictionary. It's a verb, as in "You can unfriend people by clicking  'Remove from Friends' at the bottom of their profiles.", How to Bullyproof Yourself on Facebook, Parents Have Rules to Follow Online, Too, Story of the Week: To program its new season, the ALIAS Chamber Ensemble in Tennessee collaborated with musical composers on Facebook and even re-arranged a piece that's premiering tonight., In honor of Veterans Day, let's give thanks to all the veterans we know for their selfless service and share this new awareness campaign from the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America., Stay Tuned: TV on Facebook, No one likes deceptive ads. Learn how we're battling them on Facebook Platform so you continue to have a good experience on Facebook and with applications., Get Educated on Facebook, Learn how to manage your email notifications and contact email addresses in the fourth video in our “Facebook Tips” series., Hear our COO Sheryl Sandberg explain how the Web is moving
to the “wisdom of friends” and discuss other topics in a recent conversation
with John Battelle at the Web 2.0 Summit., Cyber Security Is a Shared Responsibility, Halloween is one of our most popular photo uploading days of the year. See how Facebook employees are celebrating in costume., Just a typical meeting at Facebook, Check out Foo Fighters perform songs from their new album via Facebook Live Stream today at 7:00 p.m. PDT., We won another battle in the fight against spam.  Today, a San Jose, Calif. court awarded Facebook $711 million in damages against Sanford Wallace, a spammer who accessed people’s accounts without permission and sent phony Wall posts and messages.  He was also referred for prosecution for criminal contempt., Improving Transparency Around Privacy, Watch out for two new viruses that are spreading across the web. They involve emails made to look like they are from Facebook telling you to take some action on your account. Remember that we will never send you a new password as an attachment. Stay informed on how to keep your account secure by becoming a fan of the Facebook Security Page., New Ways to Find and Engage with Your Favorite Applications, How do we serve 300 million unique Facebook experiences? Mike Schroepfer, our vp of engineering, explains our secrets to scaling in this talk at the recent Web 2.0 Summit., Watch Your Words: Steps to Preventing Cyberbullying, Keeping Count of Sharing Across the Web, Memories of Friends Departed Endure on Facebook, Suggestions for Helping Friends, New Views for Your Home Page, Our COO Sheryl Sandberg discusses the ways Facebook and the social Web is changing how people connect in this recent Churchill Club discussion., A New Tune for Facebook Gifts, Olympic Movement Meets the Global Facebook Village, Giving Groups a Stronger Voice, Responding to Abuse Reports More Effectively, Causes Return to Their Grassroots Online, Did you know that you can control what appears in your stream by clicking “hide” on any feed story? We’re making it easier for you to hide related application stories, such as quizzes, with just one click. You can locate the option on select application stories beginning today., What role does feedback play into our product decisions? Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg talks about how we weigh people’s varying opinions in the third in a series of interviews with The Business Insider’s Henry Blodget. http://www.businessinsider.com/henry-blodget-zuckerberg-the-vocal-user-base-of-facebook, Why do we think the best ideas can come from anywhere? Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg explains the culture within our company in the second in a series of video interviews with The Business Insider’s Henry Blodget. http://www.businessinsider.com/henry-blodget-zuckerberg-driving-employee-creativity, Today, the Applications on Facebook Page launched as a one-stop resource for applications news. Applications exist to enrich your Facebook experience, and we hope this page will help you learn more about interacting with them., We are experiencing a technical issue with one of our databases that is resulting in an extended period of maintenance for some of you. We are working on a fix and hope to have this resolved in the next 24 hours. You can stay updated at http://www.facebook.com/help., Don't fall for imposters: Learn more about to avoid the money scams we previously warned you about in this Today Show clip. To stay updated on more tips, become a
fan of Facebook Security., How do ideas grow on the Internet? Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg discusses innovation in the first in a series of interviews with The Business Insider’s Henry Blodget, which we’ll be sharing this week., How Happy Are We?, Latin Becomes a Living Language on Facebook, Friends Reunite for Entrepreneurial Dream / Deux amis se retrouvent : une entreprise est née, Facebook Tips: How Do I Change My Profile Picture?, Learn how to update your profile picture in the third video in our “Facebook Tips” series., Fighting the Battle Against Money Scams, Learn about the technology that powers Facebook and our engineering efforts in this recent talk with Mike Schroepfer, our vice president of engineering., We’ve fixed the cause of yesterday’s log-in and feature errors that affected many of you, and the site should be returning to normal. If you’re having any other issues, check the Help Center at http://www.facebook.com/help., The Role of Technology in Promoting Tolerance, Hear from our COO, Sheryl Sandberg, about how we think of advertising and how we're working with the industry: http://bit.ly/PPu24, We’re working as quickly as possible to fix site issues that are causing errors for some of you when you try to log in or access features. We’ll keep you updated as the site returns to normal, and you can learn more at http://www.facebook.com/help., Back to School: Tips for Teachers on Facebook, Log In with Your Facebook Username, We’re honored to make this top 10 list of most trusted companies for privacy for the first time. Thanks Ponemon Institute, TRUSTe and all of you for the support., Testing 1-2-3: Announcing Facebook Prototypes, 300 Million and On, Status tagging is now live. Hear more about how to use it from our own Randi Zuckerberg in this CNN clip: http://bit.ly/VK2I1, Now you can filter your friends by the city they live in. When you're visiting a different place, you can see which of them are in town to hang out: http://bit.ly/20joE., Tag Friends in Your Status and Posts, What does the future hold for new applications on Facebook? A dozen companies showed off their plans during a demo day we hosted yesterday. For more details: http://bit.ly/4y2IH3, Connecting with... Brian Phillips: The Facebook Matchmaker, After helping out a stranger, one woman turned to her Facebook friends for advice. Their responses led to a grassroots campaign that's raised thousands of dollars to feed those in need. More info on the 93 Dollar Club: http://bit.ly/xjlZN, Facebook for iPhone 3.0 has arrived: http://bit.ly/oERlp, Delivering More Control and Transparency, Facebook Tips: What Happens If I Ignore a Friend Request?, Learn more about how to manage your friend requests and your Facebook Friend List in this second video in our “Facebook Tips” series., 'Mums and Mummies to Be' Forge New Connections, Inviting Friends from Recent Events, Publishing to Twitter from Facebook Pages, Protect yourself from scammers pretending to be your friends by reading this full transcript of one hacker's Facebook chat. For more tips on staying safe, become a fan of Facebook Security at http://www.facebook.com/security, The Future of News Will Be Social, Facebook’s first three-day hackathon opened tonight, and our employees are camping out to code. Hackathons are a tradition where our engineers spend a night working on projects they don’t normally have time for during the day. Track all the action at www.facebook.com/engineering, An Update to the Statement of Rights and Responsibilities, Facebook Search Improved for Everyone, The distributed denial-of-service attack that caused issues with accessing Facebook and other sites earlier today appears to have been directed at an individual, rather than at the sites themselves., You may have had trouble accessing Facebook earlier today because of network issues related to an apparent distributed denial-of-service attack. We have restored full access for most people. We’ll keep monitoring the situation to make sure you have the reliable experience you expect from us., Inside fbFund REV: A Summer with Entrepreneurs, Community Crime Fighters Turn to Facebook, Nintendo DSi fans now can directly share photos with their Facebook friends, thanks to a new integration with Facebook Connect. This is the first in a series of gaming systems expected to connect Facebook with their systems., Announcing Facebook Tips: Where Do I Go for Help?, Take a tour of the Help Center and learn how to get answers to any of your questions about using Facebook in this first video in our new “Facebook Tips” series., Freundschaften trotz Hindernissen wiederhergestellt / Friendships Reconnected Despite Boundaries, Connecting with... Ray Kurzweil: The Futurist, Debunking Rumors about Advertising and Photos, Share Photos and Videos Anywhere You Have Email, At Facebook, a new idea can lead to a huge impact. In our regular Hackathons, engineers spend the night coding and hacking away at new product ideas. Watch how one of those all-night projects turned into Facebook Video and led to people viewing over a billion videos every month. To learn more about engineering at Facebook, become a fan of http://www.facebook.com/Engineering., New Tools to Secure a Compromised Account, Now Connecting 250 Million People, Watch how Facebook has grown to 250 million users around the world. We couldn’t have done it without all of you., Get a glimpse of intern life at Facebook. Our COO, Sheryl Sandberg, recently hosted a group of Facebook interns and employees at her home. It was a fun way to kick-back, relax and get to know our summer interns. 

(Photos courtesy of Tom Whitnah), Event Planning Through the Publisher, Beginning at 9 a.m. PDT, tune into the live broadcast of Michael Jackson’s memorial service. Share your memories with friends and fans from around the world through Facebook Live Feed on ABCNews, CNN and E! Online., Connecting with... BJ Fogg and Linda Fogg Phillips: The Facebook Parenting Duo, Read behind-the-scene details about how our engineers and product team recently kept Facebook humming under the weight of millions of people selecting usernames., Improving Sharing Through Control, Simplicity and Connection, U.S. President Barack Obama is taking questions now on Facebook for his town hall about health care. It’s one of the exciting uses of the Facebook Live Stream Box we released last week. Visit the the White House Page to learn how to join the live discussion., Connecting and Sharing the Army Way, We’re welcoming a new Chief Financial Officer to the Facebook team with the selection of David Ebersman, formerly of Genetech. To learn more about him and the appointment, check out today’s announcement., Savoring Summertime with the Arts on Facebook, CNN visited our offices today to talk about ways people are using Facebook to spread the word about what's happening in Iran. Watch this interview with two of our employees who share their personal experiences as Iranian-Americans., Look out for the Facebook Live Stream Box on your favorite websites, so you can connect, share, and post updates as you witness an event online--from live broadcasts to concerts and games. Learn more about its launch at http://bit.ly/m5kEq, More Ways to Share in the Publisher, What’s in a Name?, What It Means to "Friend" Your Father, A Personal Note on Iran: How Information is Spreading, Launching Facebook in Persian, Streamlining the Inbox, Look Who's Talking Now, Chris Kelly, Facebook’s chief privacy officer, discusses the use of social media for emergency preparedness with Joseph F. Bruno, commissioner of the New York City Office of Emergency Management, during a press conference., Chris Kelly, Facebook’s chief privacy officer, demonstrates a new Facebook Page along with the commissioner of the New York City Office of Emergency Management, Joseph F. Bruno., Every day, people are now sending more than 1 billion Facebook Chat messages. Read more about how our engineers keep your communication flowing as Chat continues to grow. For answers to common questions about using Chat, also visit our Help Center at http://bit.ly/2jkrR., Username selection is now live: Go to http://www.facebook.com/username/ to choose yours and get a distinct Web address for your profile., Coming Soon: Facebook Usernames, Learn about new ways you can connect and share with friends and family through game applications on Facebook. You can always browse and find application through our Application Directory at http://www.facebook.com/apps., Get Your Friends’ Status Updates Wherever You Are, We're celebrating two years of Facebook Platform. Read more about where it's been and where it's going: http://bit.ly/uDQHu, Payments Terms Now Live, Growing Beyond Regional Networks, Gamers, get ready: Soon Facebook will be part of your video game experience on Xbox and upcoming console games., We're always interested in new and important ways people are using Facebook. In Pakistan, people are turning to Facebook and other technology to organize against terrorism as they battle the Taliban there. Share your story at: http://bit.ly/HJskb, There's No Place Like a New Home, We’ve seen a lot of interest in our new headquarters office, so we want to give you a before-and-after peek into how our team of designers, architects and advisers transformed the space into a place we could call home (courtesy of Aaron Sittig and Meredith Chin)., Get a feel for life at Facebook with this tour of our new office led by one of our engineers (courtesy of Justin Mitchell and Chris Putnam)., We're rolling out this new feature to everyone after receiving a lot of positive feedback from the test we began last week. You'll start seeing the expanded view of search listings over the next week, if you haven't already., It’s going to be a busy summer for the 18 startups and two non-profits in fbFund REV 2009, our new Facebook Platform incubator program. Learn more about the applications and sites these developers are building: http://bit.ly/1ansZL, Updating Our Payments Terms, Moving fast is one of our core values: It’s how we constantly launch and improve our products. On the two-year anniversary of Facebook Platform, watch how the team behind it helped make the Web a more social place by enabling developers to build applications that had never been possible before., We announced a new financial investment today in Facebook. While this will not change the service we offer you, it's an important step in our continued growth and our ability to help people share and connect worldwide., If a link or message seems weird, don't click on it. This is true of all spam — whether a chain letter, an ad, or a phishing scam.  If it seems weird for an old friend to write on your Wall and post a link, that friend may have gotten phished.  Let the person know, and don't click on links you don't trust., Don't use the same password on Facebook that you use in other places on the web.  If you do this, phishers or hackers who gain access to one of your accounts will easily be able to access your others as well.  You might find yourself locked out of your email and even your bank account., Never share your password with anyone.  Don't do it. Facebook will never ask for your password through any form of communication.  If someone pretending to be a Facebook employee asks you for it, don't give it out and report the person immediately., Be aware of where you enter your password.  Just because a page on the Internet looks like Facebook, it doesn't mean it is.  Always check to make sure you're logging in from a legitimate Facebook page with the facebook.com domain., Making Every Credit Count, Finding Your Next Favorite Application, Applications help you connect and share with friends and family in new ways. Learn how you can use apps in this video., Share More Memories with Larger Photo Albums, Finding Friends One Click at a Time, We’re settling into our new headquarters today. Follow the path we took to make our move: http://bit.ly/SAE7c, Parte in Italia la Settimana Nazionale della Sicurezza in rete, e partecipiamo oggi con una Caccia al tesoro che abbiamo organizzato insieme ad altri social network.  Sarà un modo per imparare molte cose che forse non sapevi su come tutelare la tua sicurezza on line e per vincere simpatici premi.  Visita la pagina, poi dovrai andare alla caccia degli indizi che ti servono in altri undici siti e social network., Today was Game Day at Facebook, a yearly team sports competition where our employees get to have some fun playing such games as capture the flag, bocce ball and tug of war.  To follow the action, visit our Game Day 2009 Page., We’re saying goodbye today to our headquarters in downtown Palo Alto, Calif., and packing for a short move in town. The memories...http://bit.ly/W5j3F, Be the First to Know with Immediate Notifications, Friend Lists: Now in Chat, Recognizing Your Family on Facebook, More Options for Filtering Friends and Status, Don't "digg" news alone. Learn how Digg and other top sites are becoming more social with Facebook Connect: http://bit.ly/sj7Vr, Getting the Facts on Swine Flu, Live Updating the Stream, Protect Yourself Against Phishing, Thanks to the results of your votes and feedback, our new site governance documents are now live: the Statement of Rights and Responsibilities at http://bit.ly/yeUBA and Facebook Principles at http://bit.ly/Qn7PD. For ongoing updates, connect with the Sit, Organizing Your Connections on the New Friends Page, Learn more in this video about how to create Friend Lists, a major component of the new Friends Page., This map of Canada shows the percentage of Facebook users in each region discussing ‘swine flu’ through Wall posts., This map of the United States shows the percentage of Facebook users in each region discussing ‘swine flu’ through Wall posts., This map of the United Kingdom shows the percentage of Facebook users in each region discussing ‘swine flu’ through Wall posts., This chart shows the rise of discussion of the words "swine flu" on Walls, growing from no mentions before Friday to a steady climb through the weekend., Interact with Your Stream Anywhere, Results of the Inaugural Facebook Site Governance Vote, There's one day left to vote on Facebook site governance. Cast your ballot by 11:59 am PDT tomorrow:  http://apps.facebook.com/fbsitevote, Going Green with Your Friends on Earth Day, Our director of platform marketing shows how Facebook Connect works during a recent interview at our headquarters. Learn more about taking Facebook with you on other sites., Musicians: Now Rockin' on Facebook, Check out this message from Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg explaining our site governance vote, and make sure your voice is heard. Vote before 11:59 a.m. PDT Thursday at: http://apps.facebook.com/fbsitevote., On the go? Check out all of the mobile options on our new Facebook Mobile page: http://www.facebook.com/mobile, Voting Begins on Governing the Facebook Site, At Facebook, it’s common for small teams of three or four people to work together in creating products that are used by millions of people around the world.  Watch how the team behind Facebook’s Photos application helped it become the most popular of its kind on the Internet., Overcoming Autism to Build Friendships, To commemorate reaching 200 million active users, we worked with 16 global charity/advocacy groups to create gifts for the Facebook gift shop. Learn more about each group and gift here, and then support your favorite cause by giving a gift to a friend through the gift shop at: http://www.facebook.com/giftshop, How Many Friends Can You Have?, Take a look at this "photo flipbook" version of the video we posted earlier.  This version allows you to go through the images at your own pace.  Or "flip" through them quickly to mimic the feel of the video., 200 Million Strong, Watch how the reach of the 200 million users on Facebook has grown.  Together, we can do some good., Making Facebook Accessible for Everyone, Facebook dans ma propre langue, Next Steps on Facebook Governance, The people working at Facebook are constantly asked to tackle complicated problems on a large scale. Our approach to translating the site is just one example of what happens when you give people the power to think creatively., Working Together to Keep You Secure, Responding to Your Feedback, Facebook Connect Goes to the Movies, psst... we're hiring: www.facebook.com/careers, An Update on Facebook Governance, Opening More Control for Everyone, Facebook Connect for iPhone: Friends Now Included, Who will predict the winner?, Mark meets Oprah. Oprah meets Mark. Check it out: http://tinyurl.com/c6tdtp, Giving Red Noses for Good and for Fun, Want to know more about our recent launches of public profiles and the new home page? Watch a presentation given by the people behind them during our recent event for the media., Welcome to Your New Home Page, Facebook Now Available in Arabic and Hebrew, Status on Photo Storage Problems, The Fight Goes On, We've been working with the FTC to stop scams, but we're always looking for your help. Learn what to watch out for, and if you see a suspicious ad on Facebook report it. Just click the thumb's down on any ad to share your experience., Start connecting with your favorite celebrities, public figures and organizations--whether you're a Britney fan or not., Facebook’s A-list with Your Favorite Celebs and Organizations, testing, testing...Is this thing on?, Improving Your Ability to Share and Connect, The New Facebook Marketplace Powered by Oodle, Creating the Best Experience on Facebook, Sharing Your Voice, Governing the Facebook Service in an Open and Transparent Way, State of the Nation coverage, 2/24/09.

Randi Zuckerberg, Marketing, and Thomas Carriero, Engineering, Name that Group, Getting an Edge from News Feed, Hollywood + Bollywood Go to Facebook, People at Facebook, null, null, Update on Terms, On Facebook, People Own and Control Their Information, Facebook As Matchmaker, Keeping Valentine's Day Gifts Under Wraps, "I like this", Facebook's 5th Birthday, Don’t Be Late: Plan Birthday Gifts Ahead of Time, "Revolution, Facebook-Style" -- a story about how groups in Egypt are using Facebook to connect, share and voice their opinions about their government and other regional issues., Just the Beginning, Soutien d'une entreprise familiale sur Facebook, Creating the best products requires collaboration - here's some footage of our product design team at work., null, null, null, Experience the Inauguration with Your Friends on Facebook, The Inauguration: A Time for Change, null, "And the award goes to...", A Great Start to 2009, The Spirit of 2008, Happy Holidays from Facebook!, The Spirit of the Holidays, Keeping Track of Holiday Cheer, Seamless Browsing, Solving Puzzles: A Facebook Tradition, Tu decides: Fala-se "Toque" ou "Cutucada"?, We hosted our first fbFund Demo Day at Facebook Headquarters in Palo Alto, California. The twenty-five Round 2 fbFund recipients flew in from as far as the UK and Canada, to share their businesses with investors, press, Facebook employees, and other business/tech luminaries. It was a great opportunity to connect with and get inspired by the talented entrepreneurs building meaningful businesses using Facebook Platform. , Facebook Across the Channel, The Facebook Support Network, Facebook Across the Web, Food for Thought: Facebook's Biggest Energy Source, Around the World in 80 milliseconds, Shoppers: On your mark, get set, go!, Happy Thanksgiving!, Finding Your Next Home on Facebook, TV, Friends and Facebook, Making Facebook Safe Against Spam, This video showcases a Hackathon project that visualizes all the data Facebook receives., Connecting with the Community, What's Next for Social Gaming, Facebooking for Change, Never Forget a Birthday, Gift Shop Credits Have Arrived, Click or Treat: Halloween Photo Bonanza, Connecting with Live Feed, Data Insights in the Cards, Gearing Up for the Next Hackathon, We're Making Lexicon Better, Arrrr, avast all ye Pirates!, Thoughts on the Evolution of Facebook, Coming to a Campus Near You, Serving a Nation, Moving to the new Facebook, New Facebook Frequently Asked Questions, Monday was a big day for us at Facebook, though it was a little quiet over in the Engineering wing. Things were really exciting as we watched the counter move up - and down - on the way to 100,000,000 active users. We popped a few corks to celebrate and then went right back to putting the finishing touches on the redesign ... after all, we still need to catch up to Mexico., Our First 100 Million, Facebook's annual developer conference, Platform: One Year(ish) later, Check out the new Facebook, Facebook for iPhone, All photos by Pedram Keyani, He/She/They: Grammar and Facebook., Facebook in Translation, Inbox Search, Welcome to Facebook, homeschoolers, Blocked Content and Facebook Security, null, All photos by Chris Putnam, Gary Vaynerchuk brings his charm, humor, and cases of fantastic wine to Facebook., Facebook kicked off the ultimate season this year by playing at Spring Fling in San Jose, null, null, null)