List(null, null, Call us for more info!, null, null, null, Jazz Wednesday starting at 5pm at the lounge! Join us for half price appetizers and great drinks right after you done with work! 185 State st, Boston Ma, Today we are lauching our new Jazz night at the Lounge from 5 to 8pm! Daz Zox and his team will be playing! Join us for some drinks and good time!, Thank you Saugus HS, Algonquin HS, & Westwood HS for Hosting your High School Reunions with this week. We hope you had a great time at our Lounge!, null, null, null, Have you made plans for your NYE?! Join us to our almost sold out party at the Most Luxurious Lounge in Boston! Get your tickets today before it's too late! Click the link, null, Merry Christmas from all of us to all of you!
The lounge will be open this evening if and when you've had enough of your families!  ;)
Tomorrow night is business as usual and Boutique Friday is back!, Harborside Inn Lounge will be open at 5pm on Christmas Eve and Christmas night.  Stop by and spread some holiday cheer!, Tonight at Harborside Luxury Lounge with DJ Hectik Join us! For VIP TABLES & RSVP Call us at 781.696.3292, Boutique Fridays & Xclusive Saturdays, null, null, Join us tonight!, Tag yourself and your friends and come check us out tonight!
#BoutiqueFridays, It's almost time for the weekend!  We have you covered with two great nights!, null, null, null, Plans for this weekend?, Where will you be when 2015 begins??, Tonight!, From all of us at Harborside Inn, we wish you and your loved ones a very Happy Thanksgiving!, The calendar is filling up - book your holiday party at Harborside before its too late!, Looking forward to tonight!, Harborside Inn and Lounge is ready for the weekend!  Two great nights, two great DJ's and Boston's hottest crowds., null, Dates are still available for holiday parties! Let us help you plan yours... Contact kim@harborsideinnboston.com for availability and details!, null, Looking forward to this awesome event Saturday night at 7pm!  Live music, silent auction items and fun people!, What are you waiting for?!  Now booking events up to 250 people - information and availability: kim@harborsideinnboston.com, The countdown is on!  Halloween is edging closer - buy your tickets now!, Looking to host a private or semi private event? Harborside Inn is available for groups of 10-200 with state of the art lighting, sound and dance floor. Let us know if you need help planning your next social, corporate or fundraising event - those holiday parties are sneaking up on us!, Live band & costume contest!, null, null, Looking forward to hosting this event next month!  Join us for a fantastic night and a great cause!, Part time cocktail server position available!  Come join our team!  Please email your resume to leah@harborsideinnboston.com, null, Tonight!, Looking to host a private or semi private event?  Harborside Inn is available for groups of 10-200 with state of the art lighting, sound and dance floor.  Let us know if you need help planning your next social, corporate or fundraising event - those holiday parties are sneaking up on us!, null, Check out last week's pictures and come join in the fun tonight!, null, Looking forward to hosting this event on September 13th!  Hope to see you there..., Photos from Boutique Fridays!, Photos from Boutique Fridays!, Photos from Boutique Fridays!, TGIBF!, Looking for a venue to host an after work gathering or celebration?  Harborside Inn is available for groups of 10-200.  State of the art lighting and sound, DJ capabilities and catering available.  Let us know how we can help you plan your next event!, TGIBF!  See photos from last week and then get on the list for tonight - www.LuxuryLounge.eventbrite.com, Great organization - thank you for having your event here!, Join us tonight to help us raise money for the Pan Mass Challenge!
Your $20 donation at the door will earn you a complimentary drink card and an entry into the raffle for a happy hour for up to 35 people as well as other giveaways!, #BoutiqueFridays, This Thursday!, null, TGIBF!  Join us tonight for Boutique Fridays with Resident DJ Mario.  Enjoy drinks on our outdoor patio or move inside for VIP service in our lounge...  
Entry by RSVP:  http://www.eventbrite.com/e/boutique-fridays-at-harborside-luxury-lounge-tickets-12026402293, null, Harborside Inn is available for events from 10-250 people with a new outdoor patio - let us know if we can host you!  Contact kim@harborsideinnboston.com for more information and availability..., Our patio is open - come check it out!, Yes we do!, Check out the photos from this past Friday and come check us out!, Now Serving in the Cafe!

Come try one of our new coffee cocktails!

You can't drink all day if you don't start in the morning!, Come visit Jay and Mike at the bar and try one of our new Summer cocktails!  Mention this post and we'll buy your first drink!, We proudly serve Tito's Vodka!  , Last call for Derby fun!  See you tomorrow at 4pm!, This Saturday - doors open at 4pm!, Looking for something fun to do next weekend for the Derby?  Come out and hang with some of Boston's funnest & finest!  Dress up, dress down - whatever gets you in the door!, We're getting funky tonight!  And yes, we have a ninja turtle here., Thanks to the Atlantic City Fire Department for coming to Boston to pay their respects this week.  We enjoyed having you!, Please join us on Tuesday for a very special fundraiser at our sister property in the Back Bay!, massvacation.com thinks you should stay with us and so do we!  Thanks for the great writeup!, And so it begins!  Only thing better than the first day of spring is.............MARCH MADNESS!  Bring it on we say!  
If you're looking for a great place to catch the games, come in and watch on our 8 flat screens and check out our bar menu - pizzas, sliders, salads and wings are just a handful of items to try...., Thanks to everybody who came out for last night's big party!  Photos on Boston.com today - check them out!, null, Today is the last day of our sister property's amazing sale!, null, Harborside Inn Hotel and Lounge is hiring!  Full time bartender wanted for an upscale, high profile, boutique hotel - great place to work!
Email resume to Info@harborsideinnboston.com, Pretty please?!, The bar is open! Don't let the snow keep you home!, Photo credit: Kendall Holloway, "The Big New Years Eve Party! Less than 50 tickets left!

Come kick off 2014 in style at the first ever New Years Party at Harborside Lounge! Click below to get your tickets NOW!

http://www.eventbrite.com/e/the-big-new-years-eve-party-best-nye-party-in-boston-tickets-9489255619, Done with family dinner?  Finish your dessert and join us for an apéritif or one of our acclaimed martinis!  Our lounge is open until 10pm -we'll leave a light on for you...., Matt Adams Presents: The Big New Years Eve Party! 

Come kick off 2014 in style at the first ever New Years Party at Harborside Lounge! Click below to get your tickets NOW for 50% off! Price goes up December 27th, 2013!

http://www.eventbrite.com/e/the-big-new-years-eve-party-best-nye-party-in-boston-tickets-9489255619

Please direct any questions about this event to Matt Adams at socialserendip2@gmail.com or by texting 617.419.0365, From the party host:, Join us at our sister property tonight for their Holiday Martini Party and then hang out with the staff from both hotels as we all toast to the holiday season!  
RSVP info@charlesmarkhotel.com, Need a great gift idea?  Harborside Inn Cafe and Lounge offers gift certificates in any denomination!  A $25 gift certificate to our bar makes a great stocking stuffer or go bigger and gift a special person a big night out!  Contact info@harborsideinnboston.com for assistance!, Looking forward to hosting one of the groups from State Street Corporation this evening!  If you need space for your next company event, contact kim@harborsideinnboston.com, We still have some availability for holiday parties!  Let us know how we can help..., Happy Thanksgiving everybody!  From our family to yours, we wish you all the best!  But on a more realistic note, if your families drive you crazy and you need to unwind, come visit Doug at the bar and he'll make it all better...., If anybody has been in to see us in the last week or so, you know we can throw one helluva party!  We still have some space available for holiday parties next month! We can accommodate groups of 10-300...., Dates are still available for holiday parties next month!  Let us take the stress away and help you plan the perfect after work gathering!  Contact kim@harborsideinnboston.com for availability and more information..., Planning a holiday party or other type of event? We can accommodate groups of 10-300! Tell us how we can help!, Trivia tonight at 7pm!  Think you have what it takes to win?!?  Grab some of your friends and play - prizes for the winning team!!!, Thank you to The Monica Cost Show: New Levels. No Labels. for hosting their launch party last night at Harborside Inn Cafe and Loungewith special guest, Grammy nominated Kenny Lattimore!   Congratulations on your new show!

For more information on hosting an event with us, contact kim@harborsideinnboston for more information!, Time to get those holiday events booked!  We can host groups of 10-300 and will customize any event!  Contact kim@harborsideinnboston.com for availability and information!, Join us tonight for trivia from 6:30-8:30!  Let's see how smart you really are - prize for the winning team!, Are you in charge of planning your company holiday party this year? We're available for groups up to 300 people - contact kim@harborsideinnboston.com for more information!, null, This Thursday at our sister property in the Back Bay!, Join us tonight for the Red Sox game!  We'll have the game on 8 HD screens with the sound on....let's do this thing!, Looking for an amazing spot to host your holiday event this year?!?  Harborside Inn is available for groups up to 300 people, with state of the art lighting and sound.  Bring in a DJ, bring in a band and enjoy Boston's newest hot spot!  No room fees if you mention you saw this!  kim@harborsideinnboston.com, Congratulations to the happy couple!
Photo by Greg Brett Photography, Tonight!  World Series, live music, nibbles and prizes!  Join us for our Halloween party - the fun starts at 8pm...., Tomorrow night!, T minus 2 days till our BOOzy bash!  Join us at 8pm on Saturday for our first ever Halloween Party - complimentary appetizers, prizes and live music.  Put on your dancing shoes and come cheer on the Red Sox at the same time!  RSVP info@harborsideinnboston.com!, Calling all witches, goblins and beer guzzling ghouls!  3 days left to figure out what you'll be wearing to our first annual Halloween Party!  Prizes for best costumes, complimentary appetizers and live music are just a few of our favorite things!  Come out, come out, wherever you are................., Plans this Saturday night?  Join us for our Halloween Party!  Live music, dancing and complimentary appetizers...  We'll be showing the World Series on 8 HD screens, so come in costume or simply come as a fan!, Come get your "boo!" on this Saturday!  Live music, dancing and complimentary appetizers and prizes for best costumes....., Don't let the spring like temps fool you - the holiday season starts in 6 weeks!  Harborside Inn Cafe and Lounge is available for your holiday event up to 300 guests!  We have state of the art lighting and sound, with a dance floor - perfect for DJ's or live bands!
Contact kim@harborsideinnboston for availability and more information, Next Saturday!, Join us for our very first Halloween Dance Party on Saturday, October 26th!  Live music, prizes for best costumes and complimentary nibbles - the fun starts at 8pm!  RSVP info@harborsideinnboston.com or call 617-723-7500 for more information!, null, Models, makeup & more.............oh my!  Gearing up for tonight's big charity fashion show!, Tomorrow night - join us for an amazing event!!!, null, null, null, Join us at our sister property this Thursday for Back Bay's best after work party!  Come to the Charlesmark Hotel & Lounge on Boylston Street from 6-8pm and enjoy 3 seasonal martinis and light appetizers for $20!  RSVP info@charlesmarkhotel.com, Saturday night was a rockin' good time at Harborside Inn Cafe and Lounge!  100+ people came out to try and save the pooches while dancing to the beats of Just 2 Guys!, Looking forward to our first live band tomorrow evening!, We are so excited to be hosting this fundraiser this Saturday night and the more the merrier!  Join us for a fun night of LIVE MUSIC and complimentary nibbles with your donation!  Come check us out..., Looking to host a holiday party this year?  Look no further!  Boston's newest event venue is available to host groups of 10 to 300!  Contact kim@harborsideinnboston.com for more information and book your date today!, Harborside was featured on Thrillest!  Come check us out soon!, Hey all!  The Harborside Inn Cafe & Lounge is now serving Starbucks coffee!  Come in and enjoy your favorite Starbucks beverages all morning and afternoon...  We're the perfect place to plug in and caffeinate!, Thank you so much to the awesome folks at the The Albert Schweitzer Fellowship for hosting their Roaring 20's Fundraiser last night in our lounge!  What a fabulous event and theme!, A huge thank you to Mike Ross and his campaign managers for holding their event last night in our new lounge!

We're available to host private and semi private events - let us know how we can help you!, Join us next Thursday, August 1st at our sister property in the Back Bay - Charlesmark Hotel!, The lounge is now available for private and semi private events!  If you're looking to plan a corporate, social or fundraising event, please contact kim@harborsideinnboston.com for more information!, The word is out!  Our new lounge is open to the public....  Come check us out!, null, null, 29 years of blood, sweat and tears= Harborside Lounge
Stay thirsty my friends!, null, Coming soon, Coming real soon, null, We can't wait to be able to watch the Celtics at the new lounge while sipping some delicious martinis! What games do you look forward to watching when we open?, We can almost smell the fresh brewed coffee! Construction of the Lounge and Cafe is close to complete. Stay tuned for updates!, Did you know that one of best seafood resturants in the US is located just steps away from the Harborside Inn?

http://www.travelandleisure.com/articles/best-seafood-restaurants-in-the-us/27, null, null, null, I know we said coming soon before but we mean it this time!  The Harborside Inn Lounge and Cafe will be opening soon so keep checking in!  You're gonna want to be there when we open!, coming soon rederings of lounge and cafe, null, The Harborside Inn is pleased to announce that we will be opening a Cafe and Lounge this summer.  stay tuned for updates on our progress and info about our lounge and cafe grand opening!)