List(Now hiring a full-time office assistant/cake consultant! Need someone with an outgoing personality, organized, and detail oriented. This position is a good balance of customer service and cake design. Please email cover letter and resume to amandaoakleaf at gmail dot com., Engaged couples, check this out!  We'll be at this event with a new wedding cake design and fresh cake samples! RSVP now., Finished parasail wedding cake we made for Food Network's Outrageous Wedding Cakes 2 which premiered last night. My sister Melanie and her fiancé Bo got engaged while parasailing over the ocean in Mexico so why wouldn't we make a cake of this?  Parasail is even made of edible paper #outrageousweddingcake2 #foodnetwork, Last sneak peek of cake before its feature on tonight's! episode of Outrageous Wedding Cakes2 on Food Network 9pm/8c !  Did I mention tonight? #outrageousweddingcakes, We're gonna be on @FoodNetwork again!  Watch as I make my sister's sky-high wedding cake on 'Outrageous Wedding Cakes'  Tune in 6-13-15 9/8c. http://bit.ly/1AQgBM7  #outrageousweddingcakes, Wait 'till you see it finished!, We currently have an opening for a full time baker.  If you're interested or know of someone who is please email us at oakleafcakes@gmail.com!, Season Finale is tonight!  it's must watch! #dufftilldawn, If you missed our episode of Duff Till Dawn last night, you can now purchase the episode on Amazon!, Preview of tonight's show!  Tune in to Food Network @ 10pm EST/ 9pm Central!, TONIGHT'S THE NIGHT!!! Watch us on Food Network's "Duff Till Dawn" tonight at 10pm EST/ 9pm Central!  Tweet us questions/comments during the show @oakleafcakes!, Tommorow Night Duff Goldman is joined by Kevin Smith and Elena Fox to judge Space Ship cakes! Don't miss it at 10pm/9c on Food Network. — with Amanda Oakleaf, Elena Fox, Duff Goldman and Kevin Smith., Watch us on tomorrow night's episode of #dufftilldawn on @FoodNetwork 10pm/9c. Special guest is Kevin Smith!, PSA: If your name is NELLIE, and you placed a deposit for a cake order this weekend, you NEED to call us.  Your balance was due a week ago and your phone number no longer works.  We will not be making your cake if you do not get in touch with us immediately., Honored to be included in Boston's top wedding cake picks!, Our mini gingerbread cookies were used to decorate wreaths at Darcy Hammer's wreath making workshop!  http://thebostonbetrothed.com/wreath-workshop-darcy-hammer/, Check it out!  We're in the Boston Globe again!, Now hiring friendly, upbeat people for our front-end barista position!  Looking for someone who has a love for quality baked goods and is a people person. Full and part-time positions available. Stop by our store to apply or send resume to amandaoakleaf@gmail.com., Check out this write up from our friends at Swank Events. Much Love!  http://bit.ly/1HhoZVe, I present to you a first in the world of wedding cakes, bride and groom pickles!  (their pet names for each other is 'pickle') #customcaketoppers #sugarflowers, Cutest. Pie Cupcakes. Ever. Pick up from our shop or pre-order to have ready for #thanksgiving. #pie #cupcakes #bakedfromscratch #thanksgivingmenu, Now taking Thanksgiving orders!  Our pumpkin streusel muffins are perfect for Thanksgiving morning to hold you over until the big dinner.  Sold in a pack of 6 or 12. #bakedfromscratch #oakleafcakes, Thanksgiving Goodies Menu is here!  Call us or stop by our store before the 23rd to place your order.  Pick up on Wed 26th before 10pm., We're open till 11pm tonight. #trickortreat #spooky and #sweet, Today is our 1 year Anniversary in our new Boston Store!  We're celebrating and thanking our most wonderful customers by offering Free Samples of our confetti sugar cookies as well as our new spiced apple cider!  A super heartfelt 'thank you!' goes out to all our friends, family, staff and customers for a great first year!, Tomorrow is our 1 year anniversary in our new Boston location!  Thanks to all our amazing staff and lovely customers for making it possible. Stay tuned for updates on raffles and giveaways happening tomorrow in our store!, German chocolate cupcakes today. That is all., No seriously, we updated our drink menu. #seewhatididthere #applepun #applecider #oakleafcakes, On our way back from Harvard MA with loads of cider and 40 lbs of apple slices from #carlsonorchards. I see lots of apple muffins, cookies and scones in your future. #applecider #applepicking #shoplocal #falltreats, Pumpkin pie cheesecake topped with caramel and cinnamon buttercream, available in both sharing and non-sharing sizes. #notsharing #pumpkinspiceeverything #pumpkinpie #cheesecake, Teenage mutant ninja turtles, #turtlepower ! #tmnt. Favorite part of this cake, the pizza slices!  Who's the coolest turtle? #customcake, The infamous Apple Toffee cookie is back!  We even make our own toffee to crush into the cookies dough. #falltreats #apple #staffpick., Oakleaf Cakes Bake Shop is currently seeking a Jr. Cake Sculptor/Designer/Decorator.

Position is part time with the possibility of becoming full time for right candidate.  Hoping to hire a candidate who is responsible, organized, creative, enthusiastic, and eager to try new things.  Best candidates are those who enjoy large challenges and puzzles and have a good three dimensional artistic sense.  Cake sculpting and decorating is a very extreme form of artwork that is incredibly fragile, time sensitive, and unforgiving.  The job is different every day and the ability to analyze a particular challenge, invent creative solutions, and envision all the steps that might be required to complete the challenge is a critical skill all good cake decorators possess.  Experience working with cake is good, but not completely necessary.

Please email resume, portfolio and availability to amandaoakleaf@gmail.com, Spiced Apple cider is now on the menu along with a couple cider teas!  Stop by for a taste we'll be doing sampling :) also new are the caramel apple scones.  #caramelapple #bakedfromscratch #applecider #falltreats, New menu coming tomorrow. Including several new drinks including hot spiced apple cider! #falltreats #fall #applecider, Happy first Friday of Fall!, Our bakers, decorators and baristas are all super excited about all our new fall flavors!  And yes we do have pumpkin spice lattes.  #everythingpumpkinspice #caramelapple #cupcakes #carrotcake, Finished Taco Groom's Cake!  We replaced the name Doritos with the couple's last name to customize their favorite treat.  Both the bag and the taco are made of the same cake just carved and decorated to look like separate objects.  Airbrushing and hand painting were combined to decorate the bag and all taco toppings are marshmallow fondant.  Nice work Tim and good guessing fans! #sculptedcake  #groomscake #guessthecake, Final Clue#4. Guess The Cake time!  What is Tim working on today?  First correct/most specific answer will win 4 free cupcakes!  #customcake #guessthecake #sculptedcake, Clue#2. Guess The Cake time!  What is Tim working on today?  First correct/most specific answer will win 4 free cupcakes! This may be a tricky one so more clues to come. #customcake #guessthecake #sculptedcake, Guess The Cake time!  What is Tim working on today?  First correct/most specific answer will win 4 free cupcakes! This may be a tricky one so more clues to come. #customcake #guessthecake #sculptedcake, Sometimes accidents are blessings in disguise. For example, we have an abundance of vanilla cheesecake buttercream, so today only we have this special little gourmet cake in our display! A 7" yellow cake topped with creamy cheesecake buttercream and sprinkles. Get it while it lasts!, So thrilled to have one of our wedding cakes listed in the 50 prettiest cakes alongside many other fantastic cake artists!, One of our six wedding cake orders for this weekend actually was 5 unique cakes. This is perfect if you can't decide on just one design or one flavor, have it all! #weddingcake #bostonweddingcake #desserttable #endicottestate #goldweddingcake, Remember all those cakes on the bakers rack yesterday?  These make up only half of what our #cakedecorators crumbcoated today. #weddingcake #bakedfromscratch #italianmeringuebuttercream #customcake, New cookies today: Chai Spice Sugar Cookies. The frosting glaze is made using the same Spicy Chai Tea that we brew in our cafe from @memteaimports. #fallcookies #bakedfromscratch #chaitea, Our #bakers are kicking butt this week knocking out all the layers of cake needed to make 6 orders of tiered #weddingcakes as well as our usual birthday cakes and cafe goodies!  This rack will get emptied as we crumbcoat and refilled again tomorrow for the weekend's orders!, Sunflowers + Succulents + Faux Woodgrain = Fabulous Fall Wedding Cake!, NEW ITEM!  Brownie Bite and Lemon Dream Trifle Cups: our brownie and cake layered with luscious mousse and whipped cream!  #staffpick #bakedfromscratch, Do you #coldbrew? We do!  Our cold brewed #icedcoffee makes a great pairing with our #handmade poptarts. Today is the last day for #smores #poptarts. Tomorrow's flavors will be all new!, Finished Northern Lights Cake from this weekend! One of our favorites! #airbrushingskills #northernlights #cake, Our Bakers have been experimenting with new scone flavors. New today: bacon cheddar with chive compound butter!  #staffpick #bakedfromscratch #breakfast, Let us help brighten your rainy day with this delightful spread our bakers baked up for you today including those Sunshine Lemon Sugar Cookies!, Can't get enough French Toast! Cupcakes and Muffins for the next couple days! #frenchtoast #cupcakes #bakedfromscratch, Some seriously sexy piping on this cake we made yesterday to mimic black lace., As long as you see this (clever) sign out front of our store we'll be giving away free samples of our house-made marshmallow fondant. #fondant #marshmallowfondant, Some days we do #samples. Today is one of those days.  #pinacolada #cupcakes, Our Sculpted Hamburger Cake Class is currently 30% off!  Get your cake on!  http://bit.ly/SfNAEn CakeMade #caketutorial  , We still have several spots available in our Buttercream Basics Class this Sunday the 10th.  Class goes from 4-7pm. Bring a friend and get a buddy discount.  Give us a call to reserve your spot!
#cakedecoratingclass, Finished shot of our London Bridge Cake technically known as the Tower Bridge in London.  See how it all came together on our Instagram page. #sculptedcake  #londonbridge, Cake Tip of the Day: Click here  http://bit.ly/1zqRElH to sign up for the CakeMade Newsletter. It's full of cake decorating tips, tricks and at times even yours truly!!  #caketastic
, Big time circus cake for a big top carnival party!  All figurines made of sugar including the marshmallow fondant popcorn!  All five of our decorators had a hand in making this cake extra special!, Got a craving for a new cake tutorial? Or hamburgers for that matter? Check out our Sculpted Hamburger Cake Class on CakeMade http://bit.ly/SfNAEn, Ever wonder who's behind the scenes workin their magic for your custom cakes and baked goods? Get to know your bakers and decorators at oakleafcakes.com/about #aboutus #baker #meetthestaff #cakedecorator, My all-time favorite cupcake! #frenchtoast cupcake with #maple #buttercream and a pool of real maple syrup that when cut drizzles all over the cupcake. #sweet #perfection #breakfast in a #cupcake, We have a new website!  Check it out and let us know what you think.  We're now much more than just custom cakes.  We also have baked goods for breakfast and dessert, coffee, tea, fresh squeezed oj etc. go to the 'bakeshop & cafe' menu on our site to learn more.  Also, a big shout out to Kate from Studio Nouveau for taking wonderful pics of our shop and of our crew! http://oakleafcakes.com, Elsa's castle from the movie Frozen with sugar figurines of the sisters Anna and Elsa.  From yesterday's #guessthecake  #frozencake, Good morning!  Our newest scone flavor, cinnamon raisin, makes a great mid Sunday morning treat!  #breakfast #bakedfromscratch #cinnamonraisin, We're on Sunday Sweets again! http://www.cakewrecks.com/home/2014/7/13/sunday-sweets-gettin-geeky-wit-it.html, #guessthecake time!  What are we making?  First correct answer wins a box of 4 cupcakes!, null, Happy 4th of July!  We're open until 6pm today!, Make a sculpted hamburger cake for your backyard BBQ this weekend.  We'll show you how in our online class from @cakemade.  Extra Bonus: it's now on sale! #caketutorial #sculptedcake, We're open until 10pm today and until 6pm tomorrow with all your 4th of July treats.  Red white & blue sugar cookies, triple berry blast pop tarts, gourmet cakes, and cupcakes! #fourthofjuly #redwhiteblue #bakedfromscratch, * We will be closing early, at 6pm, on Friday July 4th *, Sugar cookies are back by popular demand! #redwhiteblue #fourthofjuly #sugarcookies #bakedfromscratch, S'mores poptarts!  In our shop now. That is all. #smores #summer #bakedfromscratch., Still construction, still open. Best chalkboard sign yet. #bakeshop #terminator, My wrist is def sore today. 265 servings of lemon and vanilla bean cake covered in buttercream dots!  Wedding display cake plus 5 cutting cakes. #buttercream #wedding cake #bakedfromscratch, How to cut a cakes so it stays fresh using MATH!  Though we recommend wrapping it in plastic rather than using rubber bands.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wBU9N35ZHIw, Check us out in the current issue of Boston Weddings Magazine! #bostonweddings #weddingcake #metallicgoldcake, We made a lovely trip to #copley square #farmersmarket today. Found beautiful zucchini and rhubarb to bake into bread and muffins for our lovely customers. Stop by anytime the rest of this week to get your goodies. #boston #buylocal #bakedfromscratch, Have you heard about @CakeMade yet?  If not check out their Facebook Page.  It's a cool new site where you can learn great cake decorating skills from some of the finest cake artists in the world (including yours truly).  Don't forget to like the page so that you'll be sure to see all of their updates on new courses and new instructors., Coconut lime sugar cookies scream we're ready for summer! Be on the lookout for our coconut lime cheesecake too. #freshbaked #sugarcookies #summertime #coconutlime. #oakleafcakes, We currently have an opening for a part or full time barista.  Please feel free to call, email, or stop by this week to apply!, Fresh for this weekend: baseball and glove sugar cookies to celebrate baseball-loving dads this Father's Day.   #fromscratch #decoratedsugarcookies #fathersday #fenway #baseball, Not to fear, We are open during the construction on our street.  You may just find yourself walking the (plywood) plank to get to our front door., Rhubarb muffins!  Made #fromscratch with rhubarb from my mom's garden. Doesn't get fresher than that!  #baking #rhubarb, Inspiration, Sketch, Cake!  Inspiration is a Tiffany lamp, Sketch + cake artist with a degree in fine arts 2D painting = a custom hand-painted wedding cake unique to just you!  #handpainted #weddingcake, Sweet trio of whoopie pies today. Oatmeal Cream, Chocolate Peanut Butter, and Red Velvet. #whoopiepies #bostonbakery #fromscratch, Have dreams of becoming a wedding/event planner in the Boston area?  Here's your foot in the door!  We're fun people to work with, promise : ) #eventplanner #bostoneventplanning #weddingplanner, For anyone who’s wanted to take a course with us, but never got the chance… now ￼you can! Check out my online course on how to create this fun sculpted hamburger cake and all its veggie toppings on ￼CakeMade.com http://bit.ly/SfNAEn #caketutorial #cakemade #hamburgercake #sculptedcake, We're back with another edition of #MeetTheCrew and this time we are interviewing our Office Manager Extraordinaire Brian! Brian handles all your customer service requests and inquiries by answering phone calls and emails as well as taking orders for all the custom cakes we do! If you've ordered a cake from us in the last year, chances are you've talked to Brian, you might have even thought "There's no way someone can be THAT polite!" well we can assure you, Brian is in fact that polite.

We sat down with him and here's what he had to say!

You're the taste tester for many of our barista Sam's new concoctions. Which is your favorite?

Brian: "Definitely the Sunrise Popsicle. It's essentially orange juice, lemonade and raspberry flavoring. It was so good we put it on the menu permanently."

We hear you have some pretty strong feelings on Scrooge McDuck, care to elaborate?

Brian: "I didn't like him as a kid because it didn't make any rational sense, so it made me irrationally angry. Scrooge McDuck shouldn't be able to swim through a pile of coins. The molecular cohesion of coins doesn't lend itself to swimming!"

If you weren't working with us, what would your dream job be?

Brian: Probably most likely voice acting. Something in entertainment, writing, voice acting…that sort of thing. I have a lot of interest in the video game industry.

Where do you see yourself in ten years?

Brian: Easy. Secret Volcano Lair.

Thank you Brian! We appreciate the work you do keeping our customers happy!, New today: Baked fresh from scratch Zucchini Walnut bread! Buy the slice or the whole loaf. You can see the flecks of 'healthy' ;)., Congrats to all the Boston graduates!  Here are 3 sweet ways to celebrate your student's accomplishments. #graduationcakes, Happy Memorial Day!  We are open today until 10pm with all the usual treats including these lemon blueberry cupcakes., Check out our teaser video for the Sculpted 3D Hamburger cake with CakeMade , http://bit.ly/S0ccAQ  
Just in time for Memorial Day my famous Sculpted Hamburger Course is online @cakemade.  Check out my new class and let's get ready for summer grilling season together !!! , Top tier wedding cake advice on whether to freeze or not to freeze.

http://bostonbetrothed.com/freeze-freeze-cake/, Cakes just don't get any cozier than this! #sculptedcake, It's that time again! Time for #MeetTheCrew! Today we're catching up with one of our favorite baristas, Sam!

Sam has her degree in illustration from the Art Institute of Boston and spends her time here whipping up tasty lattes and espresso. We managed to pull her away from the land of steamed milk for a moment to learn what makes her so cool!

You Have Your Degree in Illustration, What Kind of Illustration Do You Do?:

"Comics mostly, and some commission work even though I hate it!"

What's Your Favorite Drink?:

"Cappuccino, to make and to drink."

What Bakery Treat are we Most Likely to See You Eating?:

"Definitely the vegan oatmeal raisin cookies, or the vegan chocolate cake." (Sam's vegan, but even if she weren't, they would still be her favorites because they are SO yummy!)

You Have A Lot of Pets, Right?:

"A dog named Miles, a bunny named Clementine and a snake named Eli." 

If You Could Visit Any City in the World, Where Would You Go?:

"Probably Dubai."

Do You Have Any Awesome Summer Plans?:

"Not really, staying in the city mostly. The summer here is so nice! Although I am going to Canobie Lake Park which is always fun! Also, I really like drinking smoothies."

Thanks Sam!, Happy Mother's Day! Treat mom with our fresh blueberry blossom gourmet cake. Golden yellow cake layered with light and fluffy blueberry Italian meringue buttercream., Does your mom like to bake?  Let us help you with the perfect gift: An apron hand-sewn by us, mom-themed decorated sugarcookies, and top it off with a gift certificate to one of our cake decorating classes! #mothersday #mothersdaygiftidea, Time for your weekly dose of #MeetTheCrew! Today we have our favorite Figurine Queen and Pie Crust Thief Krystle Brown! 

Krystle started with Oakleaf Cakes back in July of 2012 and has been our most bubbly crew member ever since. Krystle has her major in painting from MassArt and has a studio right down the street on Mass Ave. She loves (LOVES!) cats and basically all animals (she enthusiastically curls up her hands and squeals "I want EVERY animal!")

We sat down with Krystle and asked her a fews questions and here's what she had to say!

What's the most fun you have when working on a cake?:

Krystle says she loves the Frozen and Star Wars themed cakes because they require a lot of airbrushing, a technique she has perfected over the last year. The wintery landscapes of the Frozen cakes are particularly enjoyable, and The Star Wars cakes have a lot of cool nebula-like swirls and what we call "space dots" - dots of royal icing which look like star clusters.

What's Your Favorite Cake/Buttercream Combo?:

ALMOND! Krystle loves the moist and fluffy almond cake paired with the sweet honey buttercream. 

Favorite Cafe Drink?"

The Sunrise (Fresh Squeezed Orange Juice, Lemonade, and a shot of strawberry flavoring. In a glass with ice it looks just like a sunrise, hence the name!)

And Finally, If You Were Stranded on a Desert Island, What Three Things Would You Bring?:

1. Art Supplies
2. My Cat Luna 
3. My Collection of Crystals! ("you never know when you're going to need to power up your crystals…" - Krystle)

Thanks Krystle!, Our fresh baked mom tattoo sugar cookies are a not-so-permanent way to show appreciation of your mommy dearest! #mothersday #decoratedsugarcookies, #maythefourth #starwarsday is not complete until you have Darth Vader pose by your cake :). Franklin Park Zoo, We're at Franklin Park Zoo celebrating #maythefourth Franklin Park Zoo. Custom zoo cake decorated with all the zoo animals as #starwars characters., This would be like if royal icing dried instantly in the air!  Suppose they'll make and edible version?, Me and Michelle, one of our bakers most recently featured on #meetthecrew, at #chocolatemadness event last night showing off our award :), Graduation cap decorated sugar cookies freshly baked and gift wrapped ready for your graduate! Also check our our blog for our latest #graduationcakes http://blog.oakleafcakes.com/graduation-cakes-2014/, This cake decorator speaks as though he lives in my head.  Here's a great/truthfull look on the crazy life/perspective of a cake decorator., Call us butter cause we're on a roll! After winning #martha_top_pastry_pros as one of the top pastry pros in the country, tonight in Boston we won an award for our S'mores cheesecake at #chocolatemadness !  Major kudos to our bakers on their baking superpowers!, Gender reveal wedding cake we did for a friend!  how cute! http://www.weddingchicks.com/2014/04/28/reveal-your-babys-gender-with-this-cute-wedding-idea/, Happy Monday! Today we spent a little time catching up with one of our three lovely bakers for today's edition of #MeetTheCrew

Meet Michelle LeBlanc! Michelle is an expert at all things baking and is our residential cheesecake queen. When she's not busting out batter she's doing cool things like traveling the world. No biggie.

We asked Michelle some questions and here's what she had to say:

Do Anything Fun This Week?:
Yes! Michelle enthusiastically recounts her week spent in HAWAII! Kauai to be exact. Michelle spent the week body surfing and hiking in paradise. She even managed to hike around Waimea Canyon while she was there. (She also got a littttttle bit sunburned while there, hence her hiding from our cameras!)

What Was Your Favorite Thing You Ate While There?:
Definitely the fresh mangos or the abundant fish tacos. Everything was so fresh and delicious.

Enough about Hawaii, We're all jealous now. Back to cake.

What's Your Favorite Cake to Bake?:
Chocolate, because she loves chocolate. She also apologizes for being boring.

Where Did You Get All This Cake Knowledge From?:
Michelle studied classic French pastry at the Cambridge School of Culinary Art. Prior to that, she received her bachelors degree in English and Psychology at the Massachusetts College of Liberal Arts.

And Finally, What's the Craziest Thing You've Ever Done?
Michelle packed her bags and moved to Europe on her own for six months. Pretty Daring!

Thanks Michelle, you rock!, Fresh baked today: hand painted sugar cookies to show mom some love.  #mothersday #decoratedugarcookies, And now, for our next edition of #MeetTheCrew, we have Tim Wells! 

Tim has been a cake decorator with Oakleaf Cakes since 2010 and is an integral member of our staff. His many talents include fondant finagling and cake wrangling (but seriously Tim does make 90% of our homemade fondant and sculpts all of our most outrageous cakes.) 

We sat him down for a moment and this is what he had to say!

Favorite Treat: Currently the Cranberry Orange Scone, but if it were autumn it would definitely be the Pumpkin Pop Tart. Mmmmmm.

Favorite Drink: Iced Coffee. (Tim has barista experience from spending 3 years working at 1369 Coffeehouse in Cambridge.)

If You Weren't Decorating Cakes, Where Would You Be?: Probably working as a special effects make up artist.

What Are You Looking Forward to Most This Summer?:
He's participating in the Washington Post Puzzle Hunt in Washington, D.C. Thousands of people from across the county participate in a scavenger hunt type experience to solve puzzles across the city. Tim loves puzzles, believe us.

Finally, What's Your Favorite Cake?
Tim spent a long time thinking about this one but ultimately decided it was a toss up between our recent Songbird cake for Irrational Games and the guitar shaped cake which presently sits in our storefront window. Honorable Mention goes to Butters, the sculpted dog cake which also resides in our store's window.

Thanks Tim!, We're open regular hours today, till 10pm. Celebrate a beautiful #bostonmarathon day with our new flavor : #marathonmonday cupcakes with vanilla bean cake + marshmallow fluff!, We're here until noon today with all your Easter brunch goodies including these fresh baked chocolate chip scones., GET YOUR EASTER GOODIES! We're open Saturday until 11pm, and then again on Sunday from 8am – Noon!  Don't miss out on a happy, baked from scratch Easter!, Love making peeps! And they're so photogenic!, Check out this sneak peek of the beautiful wedding photo shoot we did last week!, We're pretty excited to be named right along the country's top cake makers! #Martha_Top_Pastry_Pros  Major kudos to our amazing bakers and decorators!, It's that time of year for #christening, #confirmation, and #firstcommunion cakes.  Check out our latest blog post for some of our recent religious cake designs., It's not too late to place your order for Easter goodies. We have decorated sugar cookies, macaroons, cupcakes and our homemade marshmallow peeps! Perfect for your Easter baskets!   #peeps #eastertreats #cookiedecorating, Macaroons are here!  Chocolate and Raspberry!  #macaroons #staffpick, Today we're unveiling our new series, #MeetTheCrew, in which we interview the lovely staff of baristas, bakers and decorators who make the magic of cake and coffee happen for you!

Meet Alexis!

Alexis is a talented barista who divides her time between slinging coffee and espresso with us and driving a safari truck at Disney World (!!!) We caught up with her this morning between customers and here's what she had to say:

Her Favorite Drink: Strawberry Lemonade

Her Favorite Cafe Treat: Any Pop Tart, she says she loves all of them equally.

Five Things She Can't Live Without:
1. Her Family and Friends
2. Running (She's running the Boston Marathon for the first time next Monday!)
3. Outdoor Adventuring
4. Her Love for Disney 
5. Chocolate (She chose the right place to work.)

As stated in her 'Five Things She Can't Live Without' list, Alexis is running the Boston Marathon for the first time this Monday. She's been running for two years and has been training extensively for the upcoming race. She's running to support Mass Eye and Ear, and has been raising money to help enable future research and great success stories.

If you want to support Alexis, visit her donation page at http://www.crowdrise.com/teameyeandear/fundraiser/alexischilinski, Easter decorated sugar cookies now available.  Gift wrapped and all ready for your Easter baskets! #eastercookies #easterbasket, A spot in this Sunday's Sugar Flowers class just opened up!  Anyone need something to do this Sunday? 3 hr class - $80  AND we still have spots available in our Mon and Tues Easter Cupcakes Classes 2 hr class - $60.  We provide all the cake and supplies and you take home what you make!, We still have several spaces available in our Easter Cupcake Classes next Monday and Tuesday. Now offering $10 off if you sign up before Saturday. That's just $60 for a fun 2 hr class where we show you how to make our Italian meringue buttercream as well as how to design and decorate 1/2 dozen adorable Eastery cupcakes., Remember that enormous cake we did for Brown University's 250 anniversary celebration?  We finally compiled our process pics to share with you!  #brown250
http://blog.oakleafcakes.com/brown-university-hall-cake/, Ever had chocolate marshmallow fondant?  Today's your lucky day!  We have snack cake style cupcakes. Chocolate cake vanilla buttercream filling and topped with chocolate marshmallow fondant., Our best seller: chocolate chip banana bread. Makes the bakery smell like home :) buy the slice or order the whole loaf., April fools cupcakes!  Which flavor will you get? #aprilfools #mysterycupcakes, Frozen cakes have been really popular lately, we did 2 last week both with Elsa fondant figurines on them.  This airbrushed wintery cake has Elsa and Anna with Olaf on the base.  #frozencake #olaf kudos to Krystle Colleen Brown for her figurine skills!, New menu is up today!  We bumped over the cakes menu and added a second drinks menu to make room for fresh squeezed orange juice and lemonade including green tea lemonade and iced tea!  We're #readyforsummer or spring at the very least., Jealous of our super-fancy, handmade aprons? Now you can dress like the pros. We're now selling our handmade aprons, made by our very own staff. Yes, sometimes even cake decorators make good  seamstresses. Two styles: black and white standard aprons with trim and colorful designer styled aprons!  #aprons #cakedecorating, Homemade marshmallow peeps! Now until Easter. #easter #peeps #homemademarshmallow, Newest pop tart flavors are here: tiramisu and strawberry lemonade!  #homemadepoptarts #bestbreakfast, Ganache covered Chocolate Oblivion gourmet cakes. Now available for the same price as the rest of our gourmet cakes. Serious chocolate addicts only :), Good morning!  Have you tried our new cranberry orange scones?, We have a few spots left in our intro to 3D gumpaste figurines class next sunday.  Anyone welcome, no prerequisites.  Call us to reserve your spot and bring a friend and get a buddy discount., This week we are interviewing for a very passionate and responsible Barista for our cafe!  If you're a coffee nerd, or highly motivated to become one, please send your resume to oakleafcakes@gmail.com., Stop by this week to see our awesome new Orange Juicer in action!

Our coffee is grind to order.  Our juice is squeeze to order, and our pastries are baked to order.  When we say from scratch, we mean it. #BestOJEver, Skip breakfast today?  We're now serving fresh orange juice squeezed fresh to order!  Goes well with our orange cranberry scone, also new today. Stop by today for a free sample of our oj!  #breakfast #freshsqueezed, Latest cupcake development: Lemon Meringue Pie cupcakes! Lemon cake (which we squeeze and zest all the lemons for) topped with toasted meringue frosting and graham!  #lemonmeringue #springcupcakes, Question of the day: If we added hand squeezed (like actually squeezed right in front of you) Orange Juice to our menu, would you buy it?, We've got dessert covered for tonight. Red velvet and yellow cakes with #stpatricksday decorations in vanilla buttercream!, Happy St. Patrick's day. Our sugar cookies have been made even more yummy amd festive with the addition of St. Paddy's sprinkles. #sugarcookies #stpatricksday, Bakery's Closed for the night...  Commence "Ultimate Ping Pong" tournament! :), Het garden and flower enthusiasts check out our newest cake in the 'garden of cakes' at the Boston Flower and Garden show today through Sunday. I had some special help from my mom and sisters on this one who made sugar flowers in Monday's class. #gardenofcakes #peony #springwedding, Here's our back room crew of bakers and decorators with the finished cake of Brown's University Hall. Proud of all our crew for their hard work on our largest cake yet.  #browncake #biggestcakeever #brownuniversity, Fresh new muffins today- Lemon poppy seed!  Very refreshing start to our day after many days of hard work on the Brown cake., Fun article about our Brown Cake in the Providence Journal today!  Also, check out the second link below to a video they shot.  http://www.providencejournal.com/breaking-news/content/20140305-browns-sculpted-250th-anniversary-cake-for-2500-a-giant-undertaking.ece
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FHvxRiGYidA, We've had to rearrange and clear away our decorating area just to finish stacking and carving this giant cake., Brown University Hall cake update: Painting brick wall panels is nearly complete. Next up, 166 windows need trim molding and window panes! #biggestcakeever., And so it begins... Stacking the building cake. #biggestcakeever, All these cupcakes and we still have 200 left to bake of the 1,200 cupcake order for Brown University. And yes that's in addition to the 1,300 serving cake we're making as a replica of University Hall. Stop by later today, tomorrow and Thurs to see how our biggest order ever comes together., Check it out!  Our sign is up, we're finally the real deal :), Shout out to our awesome bakers Kristen, Bridget and Michelle!  Together they're baking over 2,800 servings of cake this week, along with all the other goodies we'll have out front for sale!  Good luck ladies :), New cheesecake today! Strawberry cheesecake with red velvet cookie crust and strawberry glaze on top. Tastes like spring is coming! :), Have you tried our homemade marshmallow yet. Vanilla marshmallows with toasted coconut on top definitely a staff favorite. #homemademarshmallows #coconut, Work has begun on our Biggest cake order ever!  It will be a 1,300 serving replica of Brown University's University Hall. We're gonna be working on this 12-14 hrs a day until next Fri. So come visit us and watch this massive cake progress., It's been one year ago today that we first found our new store! What a year it's been!  http://blog.oakleafcakes.com/flashback-1-yr-ago-today/, New today!  Confetti cupcakes! Even if its not your birthday these are a good excuse to throw a party. #funfetticake. #birthdaycake, When we moved to our new location, we lost all of our wonderful reviews on Google Places.  If you've had a good time at our bakery, please share some love at the following review link: http://maps.google.com/maps/place?cid=1755466639942969596&dtab=2&action=openratings

Thanks!, In recent news, Google acquired Boston Dynamics and we made the cake for their party!  Featuring a 3D sugar figurine of their most famous robot Big Dog which is capable of traveling up to 12 miles autonomously over very rough terrain.  You should see this thing in action!  This was a really fun cake to make, especially creating the custom terrain obstacles all out of fondant., Happy Valentines Day! We're here until 11 tonight. Stop by n show us some love!, Cutest love story cake!, null, Don't forget about our vegan cupcakes for your vegan sweeties!  Vegan vanilla with strawberry frosting and vegan chocolate with vanilla frosting. #veganvalentines., What's better than a dozen roses on #valentinesday ?  A dozen buttercream roses on #cupcakes of course!  These are chocolate cake + almond buttercream., You know we've made an impressive cake when our whole staff stops what they're doing and gathers out front with their phones to document said cake. :), Here it is! The Legendary Bioshock Infinite Songbird Cake that we made for the awesome people at Irrational Games.  Check out our blog post for even crazier photos! http://blog.oakleafcakes.com/songbird-cake/, Sneak peek at our latest epic cake. Its a character from  #BioShock Infinite we created for the games creators at Irrational Games today. More finished pics to come!  #bestcakeever!, We have two spots that just opened up in our Valentine's Cupcake Class tomorrow night 6-9pm.  Give us a call today to reserve them for you and a friend.  Perfect pre-valentines day date night activity!, Stop by today (Monday) before 2pm to see on display one of the craziest cakes we've ever made.  Photos to come, but it's worth the trip to see it in person., Get your cake order in by tomorrow so we can have it ready for you for Valentine's Day on Friday!, Stop by tonight and tomorrow anytime to check out this pretty epic sculpted cake Tim's been working on. It's a character from the game Bioshock Infinite ordered and for the makers of the actual game.  We're having lots of fun with this cake!, Newest poptart flavors : chocolate covered cherry & peanut butter n jelly!, In the spirit of yesterday's snowstorm we present to you, 3D sculpted Olaf the snowman cake!, Our latest  and adorable groom's cake, null, Any Harry Potter fans looking for an elegant, yet fun wedding cake?  Even the golden snitch is made of fondant and gumpaste and Hogwarts is hand painted., Keepin it cool with a sculpted polar bear cake.  Don't you just love that face!, Introducing our new frequent customer card for our cafe. Buy 6 coffee drinks or tea and get 7th free!, Show your sweet some love with some of our fresh baked sweets.  Cakes, cookies, whoopies and cupcakes can all be pre-ordered.  Stay tuned for decorated sugar cookies coming soon!, 12 cake tastings/consultations in 3 days!  Getting excited for wedding season!, Getting Married? Then you need to check out Boston Betrothed!, Have you tried our espresso drinks yet?  We're excited to use Barrington Coffee Roasting Company beans for all our espresso based drinks and for all our individually brewed Aeoropress coffees., Come visit amanda and Michelle at #lovesick expo today from 11-3!, When we moved to our new storefront a couple months ago all of our wonderful reviews from the past four years were lost to the black hole that is yelp.  If you're a frequent yelper and like our stuff, feel free to give us some love! :)
http://www.yelp.com/biz/oakleaf-cakes-boston-2, New wedding cake design + a new blog post on its creation.
http://blog.oakleafcakes.com/vintage-painted-plate-inspired-wedding-cake/, Say hello to our newest member of the Oakleaf Cakes team: Butter, the golden cake retriever!  Puppy kisses anyone?, Zelda Super Nintendo Cake!  Link figurine, controller and cartridge all hand sculpted out of sugar.  What are your favorite Super Nintendo games that we could make out of cake?, As a follow-up to yesterday's #guessthecake challenge, here is the amazing dog cake we made this weekend.  And based on last night's game, I would say that ordering cakes of cute animals in Brady jersey's is probably the luckiest thing you can do as a fan., 'Guess The Cake' is back!  Leave a comment with your guess as to what it is we're making.  First correct guess wins 4 free cupcakes!, Our fresh array of baked goods this morning, including 2 vegan options!, null, Hey engaged couples! Looking for something to do tonight?  Stop by the Boston Betrothed table at Boston Public Library's Wedding Gala from 6:00-9:00pm.  Boston Betrothed is a collective of like-minded wedding vendors that we're excited to be apart of.  Did mention there are free cake samples?, Dinner and a Show!  Stop by today, grab some coffee and watch us make some really cool cakes!  We're doing a dog and a wedding cake as we speak!, Fresh new cheesecakes today.!  Chocolate Lovers and Creamy Peanut Butter cheesecakes available in both full size and individual mini sizes., Tea pot cake perfect for an afternoon tea party-themed birthday.  The 3D tea pot is made of rice krispie treats decorated with fondant and gumpaste and hand-painted with edible food coloring., We now have FREE WIFI in the cafe!  Stop by, grab a coffee, and stay a while :), We are open today!  Warm up with some coffee, a cappuccino or some of our homemade hot chocolate!, Open till 10pm tonight. New Years Chocolate and Strawberry and Champagne cupcakes today only!  Closed tomorrow and back on the 2nd. Stop by before your celebrating to warm up with a homemade hot chocolate., Fresh new poptarts today!  Strawberry Danish and Chocolate Fudge Peanut Butter!  Goes perfect with a fresh, individually brewed cup of our coffee., We're open tip 5pm today with goodies galore!  Make your Christmas Merrier with some hand made desserts, hot chocolate jars or last minute gift boxes!

http://blog.oakleafcakes.com/sweet-christmas-gifts/, We're here all day today and until 5pm tomorrow with all the Christmas baked goods you could want. We still have a couple gingerbread house kits left., Also don't forget about our fresh baked gingerbread kits available in store for $32. Enter yours in the decorating contest to win a $100 gift card. See our blog for the rules., Today's the last day to pre-order any Christmas cakes, cheesecakes or treats like our peppermint swirl marshmallows.  Call or stop by before 6pm to have it ready for pick up on Christmas Eve., Last minute gifts available: hot chocolate gift boxes, gift wrapped cookies and gift certificates, Our original chairs are back!  They were approved by the fire dept. yesterday. We had been using rentals since we've opened. A big thanks to New England Country Rentals for supplying the temporary chairs!  Our lobby is much more cozy now., Send a 6 pack of Christmas cupcakes to your secret Santa. Clockwise: chocolate Rudolphs, red velvet vanilla trees, vegan Choc,vanilla egg nog, gingerbread, and peppermint swirl., You have until This Saturday to place your Christmas Order.  check out our blog for the full list of dessert options.  We're going to be open on Christmas Eve until 5pm and then closed on the 25th and the 26th., Fresh Red Velvet Cheesecake!  Order yours for Christmas.  We'll be open Christmas Eve until 5pm., null, On a peppermint kick lately? We've got homemade peppermint swirl marshmallows as well as peppermint mochas., Want to win a $100 Oakleaf Cakes gift certificate?  Then enter our Facebook Gingerbread House Decorating Contest!  1. buy one of our fresh baked kits, 2. decorate your house most beautifully, 3. upload a photo of your house to our Facebook page and get all your friends to Share your photo. The two houses with the most Shares will be semi-finalists with the official winner chosen by our decorators. Second place gets a $10 gift card.  We want to see the most imaginative houses!  See our blog for official rules., Now taking Christmas orders!  Check out our blog for the list of goodies.  Call or stop by our store to place your order., Gingerbread Kits! Freshly-baked and all-inclusive! $32 for the following: Gold base, 6 fresh-baked gingerbread cookie panels, 2 mini gingerbread men, 1 piping bag of pre-made royal icing, assorted candies, and a pictorial instruction sheet on how to put it all together. These include everything you need to make a house and are all fresh and ready to assemble. We do have a couple kits on display in our shop but it might be best to pre-order these as they'll go fast.

(To make fondant trees like we did on our demo we also sell our marshmallow fondant in 2 or 10lb buckets.), Looking for a great gift idea?  Everyone loves our homemade hot chocolate mix!  Available in regular chocolate and spice Aztec flavors.  Each jar comes with a mini whisk (which is adorable) and makes about 20 cups of cocoa., GINGERBREAD COOKIES ARE HERE!  They go swell with our home made Hot Chocolate and Marshmallow.  We're open 'till 11pm tonight, and 8-8 tomorrow.  Run, run as fast as you can!, If you missed our article in yesterday's paper here is the online version.
http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2013/12/03/cakes-seen-now-fenway/ytEHGQRfOmZXIOHH9tqO6N/story.html, Tyler and I were on food network cake challenge with these guys :(, We're here until 10pm tonight with all your Thanksgiving Day goodies. Pumpkin pie cheesecake and poptarts (which are really just mini pies) are the two staff favorites. We also have muffins, cookies and cupcakes all three available with vegan options too., Happy almost Thanksgiving!  Apple cinnamon cupcakes with marshmallow fondant turkeys and leaves., Today is the last day to pre-order your Thanksgiving goodies.  The favorites have been pumpkin & apple pop tarts and pumpkin & apple pie cheesecake., 3 kinds of muffins, 3 kinds of cookies and oatmeal cream pies! What more could you want?, Check out our new line of Designer cakes, great for parties on a budget!  They're pre-designed cakes available for a set price of $100 available in an 8" round red velvet, chocolate or yellow cake with vanilla buttercream filling and wrapped in our marshmallow fondant., We are now taking orders for pastries, cakes and cheesecakes for Thanksgiving.  We won't be open the whole day on Thanksgiving, we'll just be here a couple hours in the morning from 8am - 11am for pick ups of pre-ordered treats.

Please place your order with us by Sunday 24th., Sculpted land rover and cruise ship cakes are nearing completion in our fish bowl room. They'll go out for delivery in a couple hours., Stop by anytime during the rest of the day today or tomorrow morning to see our sculpted cruise shop and sculpted land rover cake being decorated. Two giant 3D cakes due in one day, kinda a big deal :), Tomorrow will be the deadline for ordering any Thanksgiving goodies you want us to bake for you. Including these adorable mini cheesecakes.  All cheesecakes available in cherry, apple or pumpkin pie flavors., its not really possible to make too many pumpkin baked goods this time of year. Buy it by the slice from our store or pre-order a loaf for Thanksgiving. Yum., We're currently taking orders for Thanksgiving Pie Cheesecakes.  Choose from Apple, Cherry, or Pumpkin Pie Cheesecakes.  available in 7", 9" round as well as minis!  Call us by this Thurs to reserve yours., We are currently looking to hire a full time cake designer/office super hero!  Looking for someone who's organized, detail oriented, and personable to help customers design their cakes and answer questions.  Note, this is a customer service position, not a decorating position.  Please call or stop by if interested!  Thanks!, New custom wedding cake design we recently delivered to the Four Seasons in Boston.  We made these sugar flowers to match the flowers in the couple's centerpiece bouquets., Pre-Order your Thanksgiving desserts today.  Check out our blog for list of options and mouth watering pics. : )  Please call or stop by to place your order by the 21st!
http://blog.oakleafcakes.com/thanksgiving-desserts/, Beans to cup in under 2 mins!  We brew our cups of coffee individually using our fancy aero press machine. Choose any of these 6 bean varieties and we'll grind and brew up a fresh cup of coffee for you., Handmade greeting cards make a lovely accompaniment to our handmade cakes. The greeting cards are handmade by local artists: Espressions Design and Cricisis Design and sold here in our shop. Pick one up with your gourmet cake to go!, Have you tried our homemade poptarts yet?  We have apple and pumpkin. They're like little mini hand pies. And as if they weren't awesome enough on their own we can even add a dollop of whipped cream on top for extra awesomeness., We have some pretty friendly butter boxes in these parts. : ), 1967 corvette stingray cake is being carved and decorated in our fish bowl room today by master cake sculptor Tim. Stop by later today to see who we're making to drive the car., Perfect chilly afternoon for a hot cup of tea.  We brew our loose leaf tea with our fancy new Aeropress machine which does a fuller extraction of tea, plus its fun to watch. Come try a cup!, Mini cheesecakes are back. We've been sold out since late last week after our opening but we found time to bake more. Currently pumpkin and vanilla are the flavors for today more to come!
Q, Fresh today Apple Pie Cheesecake! Available in individual mini size as we'll as full size rounds. Cinnamon shortbread crust, apple our filling, vanilla cheesecake, vanilla buttercream sprinkled with cinnamon and sugar. It's a staff favorite for sure., Have you tried our baked-from-scratch chocolate chip cookies yet?, We've got the tastiest treats for your trick or treaters tonight. Open till 10pm. Yes, those are zombie brains cupcakes., We've got your pre-game world series edition Red Sox Velvet cupcakes. Go sox!, Did I mention we make apple and pumpkin pop tarts?  Consider yourself warned. Better get in here this morning though these go quickly., Well this was nice : ), We're open!  Freshly baked muffins and pop tarts for those of you who missed breakfast this morning. Coffee, tea and espresso also available!, We open today at 8am!  We got the coffee and espresso and baked goodies you need!  Come check us out on our first day!, Making minion cupcake toppers. We could've used an army of minions to help us when we were building our new store. Too bad they're made of sugar..., Latest update Blog post!, After 2 months, we FINALLY got our last inspection today!!!  We will be baking feverishly through the weekend to have lots of sweets and treats for our lovely customers (we've missed you so) to come in and get on Monday.  You heard us right we will be OPEN on Monday morning at 8am!  Yes, 8am because we now have coffee and breakfast sweets.  See you then!, This time I mean it when I say that we're really close to opening. We're rounding up our last few certificates and hope to be open in plenty of time for Halloween goodies. Sox in the series isn't the only exciting news in the Fenway area :), We've been doing some serious cheesecake experimenting. Out with the old cheesecake cupcakes and in with the new mini cheesecakes. Hopefully our new store will be open soon 'cause you gotta try these., Menus are up!  Wait'll you see what we have planned for the other wall....:)  Special thanks to Cara of Dear Rose Studio for doing the wonderful calligraphy chalkboard work for us!, We're super close!  We're doing some of the last organizing and waiting on a couple more inspections before we're able to open.  Soon we'll be able to share with you the delicious pumpkin pop tarts that we've been making(devouring), Check out the write up on us in the current issue of Cake Central Magazine!  We're one of three Massachusetts bakers featured., So since we've officially changed our name from Amanda Oakleaf Cakes to Oakleaf cakes Yelp has deleted ALL our old reviews, thus we're starting over after 3 years of cake making and review accumulating.  If any of our lovely customers have previously written a review and would like to rewrite their review it would be very much appreciated :)  http://www.yelp.com/biz/oakleaf-cakes-boston-2, Sculpted Ferrari Enzo cake. All decorations are made of fondant, completely edible. One of our favorite cars so far!, With all the updates we've been sharing regarding the new store we thought we'd switch gears for a bit and share a few of our recent cakes. First up, Where The Wild Things Are!  All the monsters are hand painted by our cake artists using food color., We're installing our espresso machine today!  What's your favorite espresso drink?, Here's our new classroom/tasting area!  Just finished grouting last night., Check it out!, Believe me, we're as excited as you are to open our new cake shop.  Here's the scoop., Tyler The Tiler is our master tile cutter as we're laying our last bit of tile in our new cake shop today., Two of our decorators, Michelle and Krystle visited Stone Zoo today to celebrate Paddy, the White Cheeked Gibbon's 2nd bday. All 100 cupcakes were devoured by hungry zoo goers in under 45 mins. That's a new record. Happy birthday Paddy!, Most Friday nights we work on cakes. This Friday night we're making cake shop. We hope do be open in another week!, Tyler and Tim are assembling our new walk-in fridge today!  We're getting closer., We are incredibly close to opening at our new location, but as is so often the case, we could use a bit more capital.  Thus, this week we are offering gift cards $50 or more, good for anything we sell or service we provide, at a 10% discount.

This means that if you plan on buying a cake, or cupcakes, or classes (or soon to be coffee and other desserts!) in the next year, you can get a gift card for it now and save yourself 10%, while also helping a small business get through a difficult transition.

The discounted gift cards never expire, and there is no limit to how big of a gift card you can buy.  However they can only be used after October 1st 2013 and not on already existing orders.

If you're an awesome person, and want to save 10% on upcoming purchases, please give us a call at 617-299-1504.

Thanks, and we look forward to seeing all of you in our new location at 12 Westland AVE. Boston!, We're making progress with our new store. Today we're assembling our custom tables ad moving in our new display cases., Painting the final coat in our new store today!  Back line coffee counter is on the right and beyond the construction mess you can see our shiny new ovens in the way back. We're on track to get most of our equipment installed this week and move in next week. Who's excited with us?, Thank you Winthrop for a great 3 1/2 years!  We hope to see all our wonderful customers at our new Boston store which will be opening in a couple weeks.  Our storefront will be closed but we're still making cakes so call us with your requests., Sorry for the confusion on our last post. Correction:  we hope to open our BOSTON store in a couple weeks. :), Today and tomorrow will be our last days open in Winthrop. Stop by tomorrow (Sat) for Buy One Get One Free on all cupcakes (while supplies last). We hope to open our Winthrop store in a couple more weeks. Meanwhile we're still taking cake orders via phone, email or call us to schedule a tasting at our new Boston store., Important info for our lovely customers: this Sat the 31st will be our last day open in Winthrop. After that we'll still be answering phones and emails as normal so you can still order cakes. Starting Sept 1st our Winthrop store front will be closed to walk-ins but will still be available for cake pick-ups and tastings as long as you schedule it with us first. We'll be doing cake deliveries as normal. Cake classes will resume late Sept. We hope to be moved into and open our new Boston store by mid Sept. Stay tuned for more news on our opening day.  Please contact us with any questions or concerns.  We hope to make this a smooth transition as possible., Paint on the walls in our new bakery today!  Getting excited!  Should be customer ready in a couple more weeks. :), Ever wonder how our crazy cake business got started?  Check out our post for Boston Betrothed, a group of local wedding planning experts of which we're a member of.  Be sure to check out the rest of the website as well for inspiration and information on planning your wedding., Wedding cake we made this past weekend.  All fabric inspired flowers are made of fondant and gumpaste.  Including the top flower this cake stood about 3 ft tall : ), Here's what we're working on when we're not making cake. We're laying all our own tile, all 1,500 sq feet of it. Can't wait for you to see our magnificent tile work., Is there any better surprise than receiving a bouquet of flowers delivered to you at work?  Yes! Especially if they are edible. This is a special flower delivery we made out of cake and sugar flowers. Pretty yummy., Tiling floor at the new bakery tonight.  Can't beat the view out our front door!, Ovens are in and we're getting excited for all the new recipes we have planned to bake for you. Any special requests?, New flavor today. Coconut almond cupcake!, Penguins on an iceburg family baby shower cake.  I bet you had no idea that emperor penguins could knit, play guitar or that their chicks are Sox fans., At the Best of Boston Party 2013! #bestofboston, New store update : We're about a month away from moving!  Here's a sneak peek at our soon to be remodeled store front at 12 Westland Ave in Boston., We're super excited to announce that we've been awarded Best of Boston!  Check out the latest Boston Magazine, we're under the wedding section with a pic!, Stop by our shop today to try a free sample of our moist and fluffy rainbow cake! We had some leftovers from a special order and couldn't resist sharing some with our favorite customers :), Southwest inspired wedding cake design by one of our decorators, Krystle. Inspired by her recent love of succulent flowers., We are excited to officially announce that we are moving our store to Boston!  Stay tuned to our Facebook page and our Blog for all the updates., Our magnificent pillow cake has been reincarnated. This time with bigger, fancier roses. It's an oldie but a goodie., One of our cakes is a full page in the national issue of Grace Ormonde Wedding Style Magazine!  Actually it's the back of the cake but the editors chose it so hey, still good publicity right?, null, We still have a few openings in our 3D sculpted purse cake decorating class happening this Sunday from 1-6pm!  Call us to sign up by this Friday and receive the buddy price discount of $10 off.  We show you how to stack, sculpt and decorate your cake in whatever style you'd like., How much fun is this wedding cake that our newest decorator Michelle designed?  There is no limit to how original, colorful and fun a wedding cake can be., Flavor of the month : S'mores Super Cupcake. Chocolate cupcake, toasted marshmallow frosting, graham cracker and chocolate bar topping. Come in and get yours today!!!!, Too hot in your kitchen to bake dessert for the 4th. Not to worry we've got fresh s'mores whoopie pies!  We're here until 6 pm today and closed tomorrow., Check out our latest post on Boston Betrothed for tips on designing your wedding cake., Red white n blue cupcakes are here today and tomorrow only. We will be closed on the 4th and reopen on Friday the 5th., Latest wedding cake design!, Need to beat the heat with a sweet treat? Try our Strawberry Lemonade Super Cupcake!!! Come in and try one today!!!, Newest wedding cake design created by one of our decorators Elizabeth!  So bright and happy for a summer wedding., Anyone planning their winter wedding yet?  Check out this romantic winter wedding inspired post for lots of ideas and our featured cake design as the table centerpiece!, Is there a doctor in the house? This cake came out great! Sometimes our cakes are just what the doctor ordered!, Stop by the shop today and pick up one of our new summertime-inspired flavors! Today we have our soft and fluffy pineapple white cake topped with a creamy coconut buttercream. Definitely a must for this beautiful day!, Don't forget to include your pets on your big day.  They, in addition to yourselves of course, make adorable cake toppers for your custom wedding cake!, One of our decorators, Krystle's designed this latest wedding cake!  Hand painted fondant and sugar flowers and ivy leaves. Perfect for the rustic country wedding., You love your dad.  Your dad loves cake.  Problem solved!, Free samples! Come try one before they are gone!, A spot just opened up in our Sugar Flower Class for this upcoming Tuesday June 18th at 6pm. Please call us if interested in signing up. 617.299.1504, Hey all engaged couples getting married in Boston, check out this blog post we wrote for Boston Betrothed about the significance and the fun of groom's cakes.  While you're there check out Boston Betrothed's website for more wedding inspiration and information from the best Boston vendors : ), Fresh Cheesecake today : Coconut Lime Cheesecake with graham cracker crust and topped with shredded coconut.  It is sooo yummy, definitely a summer favorite!  Available in both individual cupcake and 7" round sizes., Anyone interested in taking a Fun with Fondant cake decorating class this Sunday from 4-7pm?  We just had a spot open up.  Give us a call sometime today to and we'll give you the buddy discount so you pay only $75 for the 3 hr class.  All supplies included!, Looking for a unique graduation cake?  How about a MIT Beaver delivering your diploma!, We have all fresh cheesecakes today.  Our newest and maybe all-time-favorite (drum rolllll) Coconut Lime Cheesecake!  It's a creamy coconut cheesecake in a graham cracker crust topped with key lime buttercream and sprinkled with shredded coconut.  It screams summer : )  oh, and we also have free cupcake samples today, doesn't get better than that, We just updated the cupcake gallery on our website.  It is now full of our custom cupcake photos.  Check it out., We still have a few spots left in our 3D Sculpted Hamburger Cake class next Sunday, June 9th.  Previous cake making experience is recommended.  In this 5 hr class we show you how stack, carve, crumbcoat, fondant and decorate your single patty whopper.  We provide all supplies, you just show up and take home whatever you make.  Bring a friend and get the buddy price.  Check out our 'classes' page on our website for specifics., Flavor of the month for June- Raspberry Lime cupcakes complete with a marshmallow fondant lime!, We're currently hiring another part time baker.  Please email us your resume and/or portfolio at amandaoakleaf@gmail.com to apply!, Fresh and new today- Cinnamon Roll Cupcakes with cream cheese swirl frosting!, Definitely love it when I can integrate my painting degree into my cake world.  The couple who this wedding cake was for had such gorgeous invites which were designed with delicate watercolor floral paintings.  We couldn't help but design the cake to match.  Flowers and greenery are hand painted on with airbrush paint to match the watercolor technique used on the invites.  There are also a few 3D flowers mixed in which are fondant and gumpaste dried and and also painted to match the flowers on the cake., Reading Rainbow inspired reviews of books out of cakes!, There are still a few spots available in our Beach Cupcakes decorating class on June 4th.  Perfect for any cake lover 10 yrs old and up!  Give us a call to reserve your spot., Fun alternative to the typical bride and groom cake toppers.  This couple had their wedding at the Museum of Science and wanted T-rex bride and groom toppers to match the one outside the Science Museum. Roooaaaarr!, Custom wedding cake with personalized figurines. Groom loves to fish, bride loves to read. Hydrangeas are handmade out of fondant and gumpaste., Deep thoughts during late night cake decorating...., Futurama Spaceship cake from yesterday's #GuessTheCake.  This was a surprise groom's cake that was ordered earlier this year before the announce of the canceling of the show, and before we knew Fry and Leela were getting married.  How cool.  The spaceship is mostly cake with its underside being rice krispie treats. The figurines are hand-sculpted out of fondant and gumpaste.  As for size, the cake was made on a 3 1/2 foot base and stood about 1 1/2 feet tall., #GuessTheCake Clue #2!  We know it's a "spaceship", but which one?, #GuessTheCake is BACK BABY!  Winner gets 4 free cheesecake cupcakes!  Happy guessing :), They're baaaack! Our ever popular chocolate Oreo cupcakes are back in stock today! Moist chocolate cake topped with Oreo cookie buttercream and a delicious cookie on top. Come get one before they disappear!, We've got the perfect Mother's Day gift: Sign both you and her up for a cake decorating class.  We have something for all interests and ability levels.  Gift Certificates are also available so she can schedule her own class.   We provide all the cake and supplies all you need to do is bring your mom and yourself and take home whatever you make., Congrats to Rhode Island on becoming the 10th state to allow gay marriage!  We'll bring the cake :), I never new how seriously adorable this Pocoyo cartoon is until doing some cartoon watching (I mean 'research') for this recent cake.  We sculpted all the figurines out of fondant and gumpaste, all the pennants are fondant as well.  Such a happy cake., Stop by today and try one of our delicious PB&J cupcakes! Moist yellow cake filled with sweet strawberry jelly and topped with our rich peanut butter buttercream!, We currently have 4 open slots in our Tues, 23rd Spring Cupcakes Class.  So if you and your 3 friends need something out of the ordinary to do on Tues night, give us a call to sign up.  Since this is a last minute opening we're offering the class at $60 instead of $70., Fresh today: Strawberry swirl cheesecake.  Baked from scratch strawberry cheesecake, graham cracker crust, strawberry buttercream and homemade glaze.  Available in both single serving cupcakes and full size cheesecakes., Newest post on Boston Betrothed, written by us, "The secret ingredient in your wedding cake"  Anyone planning a wedding must visit this site of local Boston vendors for both information and inspiration., A spot just opened up in this Sunday's Sugar Flower Class.  Please call us to reserve your spot for the discounted buddy price of $80.  Class is from 4-7pm., Planning a wedding?  Looking for resources all in one stop?  Check out Boston Betrothed., Attention engaged couples!  We are a member of a local wedding expert group called Boston Betrothed, a collective of like-minded wedding professionals who offer both inspiration and information in planning your wedding or special event.  We update our website several times a week with informative articles written by each of us vendors.  Check out the website!, We just had a spot open up in our Fondant Part 2 - Elegant Multi-Tiered Cakes class next Tuesday, April 9th.  Call us soon to snag it at the discounted 'buddy' price of $85.  It's a 3 hr class from 6-9pm.  We have all the cake and supplies and you get to take home your beautiful and delicious creation., We are currently looking for a dishwasher/janitorial person.  Makes a good after-school job for hard working and responsible student!, We're open today with lots of cute Easter cupcakes and cheesecakes and cheesecake cupcakes. Hop on in! And Happy Easter!, Also, for those of us who can hardly wait untill fall for pumpkin spice cupcakes, we've got a special Easter treat, complete with bunny ears :), You couldn't really ask for more cheesecake than we've made for you today. We are open noon-6pm today and tomorrow with plenty of goodies for your Easter Dinner., Peeps cupcakes are back! Vanilla cake topped with marshmallow meringue frosting and colored sugar sprinkles available only through Easter Sunday., We are going to be open Easter Sunday for you to pick up some last minute cupcakes and cheesecakes. However we would recommend placing An order by tomorrow to make sure you get the flavors and adorable decorations that you want., Recently we made a wedding cake for a couple who are huge astronomy enthusiasts who got engaged while at a viewing of the Venus Transit last year.  It is where Venus crosses in front of the Sun and only happens every 100 years, a once in a lifetime event.  The figurines of these stargazers as well as their historic telescope are all made from fondant and gumpaste.  If you look closely you'll find a few constellations which we've hidden in the stars.  A really fun cake!, Also, we've got free cheesecake samples!, It's your lucky day!  We're here until 6pm today with both green velvet cupcakes and kahlua & bailey's cupcakes available for limited time/aka today only : ), Fun Dr. Seuss themed cake we did for twins' 1st birthday party.  The whole theme revolved around thing 1 and thing 2.  It was so adorable!, Cake Classes are updated through April and May!  Give us a call to sign up for the day you want.  Newest sculpted class for our cake class veterans: 3D Hamburger Cakes., Flavor of the month for March: Rum Toffee Crunch Cupcake, Chocolate cake topped with a smooth rum buttercream and crushed toffee bits and drizzled in chocolate. Yes, it's amazing., Most adorable customer reaction., We made custom cupcakes for a Grammy dinner event held by Berklee College of Music.  All toppers are made of fondant and all edible : ), Latest wedding cake design.  This one is inspired by a wedding dress with the embroidered ferns and flowers appliqués.  Who said ivory, gold and brown aren't good looking wedding colors?, Anyone who loves french toast and hasn't tried our French Toast Cupcakes is seriously missing out. They are an across the board staff favorite. Best part is the maple syrup that ooozes down when you bite into it. Drooling yet?, This guitar is edible, courtesy of our sculptor/decorator Tim!  Nice work.  It was a Martin acoustic guitar replica that fed 70 hungry bluegrass festival fans., Cake for pirate themed 5th birthday party.  All figurines were sculpted from fondant and gumpaste.  Even the sails, sand and water are edible!, Special Valentine Cupcakes for today only!  Chocolate cupcake, cherry buttercream filling & powdered sugar sprinkle. We're here till 6pm today with all the cupcakes, cheesecakes and whoopie pies for that special someone., Sweet Valentine's Blog Post!, Won't you be my Cherry Valentine Cupcake?  Yum., We are currently looking to hire a full-time baker.  If anyone is interested or knows someone who would be please send your resumes to us at amandaoakleaf@gmail.com.  We're looking for someone who is both enthusiastic and self-motivated to be a part of our close-knit team of cake artists., We almost fogot about February's flavor of the month. It's inspired by our favorite sugar cookie, Snickerdoodle: cinnamon sugar cupcake topped with a fluffy meringue frosting and sprinkled with cinnamon and sugar!, Our baked-from-scratch Red Velvet cheesecake is available for Valentine's Day in individual cupcake size perfect for you and your sweetheart. We'll be open again tomorrow with lots more goodies including vanilla and Oreo cheesecakes., We also have 1 spot available in next Sunday's 17th Buttercream Basics class for anyone who wants it, give us a call., You have until Tuesday 6pm to order your Valentine's Goodies: cakes, cupcakes, whoopie pies, cheesecake and cheesecake cupcakes.  Call us!, We are open today!  We've got free samples of Aztec Chocolate cupcakes with Orange buttercream to keep you warm., Need plans for Sunday after you dig out?  We just had two spots open up in our Fun with Fondant- Valentine's Edition for this Sunday's class.  We'll be making heart-shaped gift box cakes.  Call us soon to reserve your spot., We have several spots left in both our Valentine's Cupcake decorating classes on this coming Tues 12th or Wed 13th.  
In this class we show you how to make our Italian Meringue buttercream and flavor it, teach you how to pipe a swirl of buttercream and decorate 1/2 dozen cupcakes with a combination of btcrm, sprinkles, fondant, candy hearts etc.
Bring a friend and both of you will get the buddy discount which takes $5 off the original price of $70.  Call us today to reserve your spot.  *This class is very much kid friendly, ages 10+!, New Blog post on our latest wedding cake designs on display at Boston Bridal Lounge., Check out these cakes we made for Boston Bridal Lounge!, A spot just opened up in our Buttercream Basics class this Sunday the 3rd, 4-7pm.  Give us a call if you'd like to snag it., Anyone love Oreos as much as we do?, Mardi Gras themed cake we did for a sweet sixteen party. The figurine is of the birthday girl in her dance costume., We have few spots available in this Tuesday's, 29th cupcake decorating class, Snow Day cupcakes 6-8pm.  Call us before Sat. to get the last minute discount of $60/person (originally $70).  In addition to making Italian Meringue Buttercream we show you how to make fondant snow flakes, snow men and peppermint hot chocolate cupcakes., This is one of our favorite character clashes ever to happen in a cake, Star Wars meets Angry Birds!  We had so much fun with this one.  Also, we have recently added a Fun with Fondant - Galaxy Airbrushing Class where we show you how to airbrush cakes to look like this with the space effect and stars etc.  Check our our 'classes' page on our site for more info on the classes.  May the cake force be with you., Classic video game, Pac Man cake!  We painted the blue paths and dots with food color and all the fruit, ghosts and pac man are all edible, made with our marshmallow fondant., Our staff is drooling over our new Caramel Apple Cupcake! Our moist apple cake topped with rich and creamy caramel cream cheese buttercream, lovingly sprinkled with cinnamon and brown sugar. Be the first to try one today and let us know what you think!, Attention everyone who has ever wanted a Sunday class, today is your lucky day! 
We just had two spots open up for this Sunday's, the 20th, Buttercream Basics class from 4-7pm.  These Sunday classes are highly coveted spots so be sure to call us as soon as you can., Finally pictures are here from the Romantic Winter wedding photo shoot we did with Blue Ivy Events and Forevercandid Photography.  It's so lovely., We have 2 spots that just opened up in TONIGHT"S Buttercream Basics class 6-9pm.  Any takers?  We'd of course give you and a friend the last minute discount and you'd only pay $75 each for the class.  Please call us asap if you're interested., We're gonna be at the Lovesick Wedding Expo this Sunday at the Artists' Humanity Center in Boston.  See you there?  There will be cake samples!, We just had an opening in tomorrow's (the 15th) Fun with Fondant Class 6-9pm.  Because it's last minute we'll offer the class at $75 (originally $85)  Call us soon to reserve the spot : ), New blog post on figurines!, Latest cake design by one of our decorators Krystle.  Anyone who grew up in the 80s and 90s will definitely appreciate this Lisa Frank-inspired cake!, We're currently seeking a dishwasher/janitorial person.  This is something of a grunt job, NOT a decorating/baking position.  Perfect for a responsible and motivated younger person or anyone who needs a part time gig.  Applications available in-store., A space just opened up in our Monday 14th Buttercream Basics Class.  Any takers?  Class is from 6-9pm and since it's last minute we'll offer this slot for $75 (originally $85)!, Recent cake for a very special mother who has traveled all over the world.  Favorite sites and landmarks are all hand-sculpted sugar mini figurines.  This whole cake stood a little over a foot and a half tall., Here's a fun cake we did a couple weeks ago.  First birthday circus style.  There were even clowns at the party!  We had a lot of fun with this cake especially creating these clown sugar figurines., Flavor of the month: January - Peppermint Hot Chocolate

Moist chocolate cake layered with whipped peppermint Italian meringue buttercream

*Purchase this cupcake from our display and it comes topped with cocoa powder and mini marshmallows!, Get your New Years Eve goodies today as we will be closed tomorrow. Strawberries and Champagne cupcakes to celebrate our best year yet and to thank all our fabulous customers and family and friends for all the support they've given us this year!, Have we got the perfect treat for your New Years Eve party: Baileys Irish Cream cheesecake cupcakes!  Also available are strawberries and champagne cupcakes!  Reserve yours early as we will be closed on Mon 31st., We're here until 3pm with all the Christmas goodies in your list: cupcakes, cheesecake and cheesecake cupcakes, and whoopie pies!, Our latest cake design was definitely one of the most fun to create!  Check out our blog for more pics!, We loved being a part of Blue Ivy's winter wedding photo shoot last week.  It is so exciting to see our cakes in their natural setting : ), A fun cake made for a 40th bday party aka end-of-world-party tonight.  Top imagery is all hand-painted., Special edition cupcake only available this week: Egg Nog!  Yellow cupcake topped with creamy egg nog buttercream, cocoa and marshmallow fondant holly., A reminder that we will be open this Monday 24, Christmas Eve from 11am -3pm.  We will have a full display of cupcakes and cheesecake cupcakes available for pick up. If you know you need a dozen or more cupcakes or a certain size/flavor/design cake/cheesecake it would be best to pre-order. Just give us a call., One of our latest wedding cake designs created for Blue Ivy for their romantic winter wedding photo shoot., Dreaming of a white Christmas and wishing that this rainy mess would magically turn into a frosty, winter wonderland?have we go the cake for you : ), We've been so busy getting ready for Christmas season we haven't had much time for posting photos.  So here is one of our latest wedding cakes.  These beavers are definitely in the top 5 of favorite bride and groom figurines!, It's such a good day when all three of my favorite cupcakes are fresh in our display. Gingerbread, Maple French Toast and Double Chocolate Reindeer!  And it's snowing!!, We have awesome gift ideas for the cake decorator on your list: Cake Class Gift Certificates, Marshmallow Fondant and Aprons, oh my! Our homemade fondant is even available on Amazon and can ship anywhere in the country!, Small Business Saturday sales today only!, Our made-from-scratch Pumpkin and Apple Pie cheesecakes and cheesecake cupcakes are available for pick up in store today and tomorrow.  Give us a call to reserve yours, these flavors are only around once a year., Thanksgiving Cupcakes galore. We'll be open today, Tues, and Wed (closed Thurs) for all your turkey day sweets. In addition to cupcakes we also have full size pumpkin and apple pie cheesecakes and cheesecake cupcakes.  Give us a call to reserve yours ahead of time., Who needs pie when you've got a delicious trio of pie cupcakes.  Pumpkin, Cherry and our latest Boston Cream Pie- yellow cake, vanilla custard filling dipped in choc ganache! Reserve you batch for turkey day today., It's FINALLY HERE! Our Marshmallow Fondant is for sale in-store and on Amazon TODAY!!!, Pie Cupcake number two : Cherry Pie Cupcakes. Vanilla cupcake topped with cherry pie filling and buttercream lattice!, Starting today we will be rolling out our pie themed cupcakes starting with Pumpkin Pie .... Mmmmm, It's that time of year again for.....Pumpkin Pie Cheesecake!  Pre-order yours today to make sure you have the most delicious finale to your turkey dinner without having to do all the work., We just had a spot open up for the Sunday November 25th fun with fondant class if anyone is interested. Should go very fast, so give us a call, and we'll post here when it's booked again :), New Cake Class: Fun With Fondant - Winter Edition!
Check out our class page for description and schedule. http://learn.oakleafcakes.com/classes/, http://learn.oakleafcakes.com/classes/, Don't forget to go out and rock the polls today cake fans!, Special Halloween Treat, today only: buy 6 or more cupcakes and get a free chocolate Halloween whoopie pie!, We hope everyone stayed safe and is recovering from Sandy.  We're back at it today and are fully stocked with your favorite Halloween cupcakes only available through tomorrow!, We recreated the USS Constitution out of cake and sugar for the ships 215th birthday celebration. This was definitely in the top 10 of our favorite cakes ever!, New: Zombie Brains cupcakes! Vanilla cake with Strawberry buttercream and Strawberry brain oooz. Mmmmm brains!, We're now selling our popular homemade marshmallow fondant which we make locally here in our shop.  Two sizes available right now for purchase in our shop: 2 lb buckets $15, 10lb buckets $50!  Shipping options available soon!, We love fall wedding cakes!  New blog post on our latest fall-themed creations.
http://blog.oakleafcakes.com/we-love-fall-weddings-3/, Happy Monday! If there are any regular Yelp users out there who've tried our cakes or classes and have something good to say we'd love to hear from you on our Yelp page :), Halloween Whoopie Pies!, Today only 10-13-12!  TWO FREE cupcakes with every dozen!  (Buy 10 get 2 free).  Stop in before 6pm!, Congratulations to our head baker Ashley and our decorator Tim on their marriage Sunday night!  Now that the nuptials and nom noms, as they call it, are over we wanted to share a photo of their wedding cake.  The middle tier design came from their table runner which was a woven textured fabric  The figurines were made into zombies per request of the bride and groom, and don't forget Mr. Elliot the cat down at the base., *Please note that we will be closed on Sunday, October 7th.  Custom cake orders will need to be picked up before noon on this day.  One of our decorators and our baker are getting married (to each other :) and our entire stafff will be attending the festivities.  We will reopen for normal business hours on Tuesday, October 9th.  Thanks! *, Happy October!, Here is the finished Big Foot cake from our #GuessTheCake Challenge!  It stood over 30" tall, and he's wearing a suit because it was a wedding groom's cake.  Classy!, 3rd and final clue for #GuessTheCake game!, #GuessTheCake clue #2 today!  Winner still gets those 4 delicious cupcakes!, #GuessTheCake time people!  Winner gets 4 free cupcakes!, She started with us back in July and we've now finally had a moment between crazy cake weeks to add her to our 'about' page.  Meet our newest decorator, Krystle!
http://oakleafcakes.com/about, We made a VERY cool cake for iRobot Roomba this week! Finally, a cake that serves itself!, Ever seen a robotic cake serve itself before?  Well you'll just have to wait until tomorrow when we reveal what we've been working on for iRobot's celebration of Roomba's 10th birthday!, Now this is how you should celebrate your 40th birthday in style.  We made each of the 50 mini figurines in the likeness of the birthday boy wearing 3 different outfits.  And yes, we do rent out these cupcake stands., Apple (cupcake) Picking anyone?  We've made apple pie cheesecake cupcakes and caramel apple cupcakes, mmmmm, We love seeing how our cakes get incorporated into our customers events!  Here's a great post from Style Me Pretty, which we love, with a few shots of our cake and a slice!, Here's the new Massachusetts College of Art and Design residence hall (named The Treehouse) cake from today.  It translates from 20 stories to 3 feet, and it ALL got eaten by guests at ribbon cutting ceremony and of course college dorm dwellers : )

Here's info on the new building: http://inside.massart.edu/Campus_Life/Housing_and_Residence_Life/Residence_Halls/New_Residence_Hall.html, We're at Mass Art today for the ribbon cutting of their brand new residence hall and the unveiling of our tallest building cake yet!, Flavor of the Month: Caramel Apple!  Our homemade apple cinnamon cake (with chunks of apple :) topped with rich caramel buttercream and a marshmallow fondant apple., Huffington Post article on our cake!, io9 Article on Vader!, Our Vader Cake is in The Daily Mail!! http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2193945/May-fork-Star-Wars-fans-dig-life-sized-Darth-Vader-cake-501st-Legion-convention.html, LIFE-SIZE DARTH VADER CAKE we made for the The 501st Legion's 15th Anniversary Banquet during Star Wars Celebration VI! http://blog.oakleafcakes.com/vader-cake/ PLEASE SHARE!, Once upon a time we made the coolest cake ever.  Pictures and blog post to come tomorrow..., Our decorators are getting creative this week! Stop by our shop today to try our new Wild Watermelon super cupcake. Our Fluffy white cake topped with tangy Watermelon Italian Meringue Buttercream. We'll have them in the display into the weekend., Due to a happy accident in our cake shop this afternoon we currently have a 5" chocolate gourmet cake layered with our silky sweet Honey Italian Meringue Buttercream! Our decorator Liz has channeled her inner bumblebee to make this cake look as delicious as it tastes. Stop in today and give this cake a happy home!, If you're in Orlando this week for the big Star Wars con and want to see the best cake ever hit us up!, Hey east coast fans, be on the look out for our cake van!  Over the next 20 hrs we'll be driving to Orlando, FL to make yet another epic cake.  This one however needs to be a surprise until the big reveal on Fri might. So stay tuned..., Friendly reminder to sign up for our newest class: Sugar Flowers! on Sept 3rd.  In this class we'll show you how to work with fondant and gumpaste to make a beautiful bouquet similar to the one pictured.  Call us to reserve your space today!, Our flavor of the month is a new staff favorite: Honey Almond!  We have them in the display all weekend., We were so excited to finally make a Lord of the Rings Cake!, It's been a long time since we posted, but that's just because we've been hard at work on our biggest and most impressive cake ever!  Stay tuned in the coming weeks for more..., Here's the long delayed Monkey cake from the last guess the cake challenge!  Congrats again to our winner Bianca Sophia!, #GUESSTHECAKE TIME!!! Winner gets 4 free cupcakes!, We added two new cake classes: a Sugar Flowers class and a 3D Sculpted Jack 'O Lantern class.  Call us to reserve your spot.  Check out learn.oakleafcakes.com to view full list and schedule of all our classes!, I really love this wedding cake we made a few weeks back!, HOLY SUGAR ART BATMAN!, New flavor alert!  Piña Colada Cupcakes: pineapple cake coconut buttercream and shavings. In our display today!, We're on Sunday Sweets again! http://www.cakewrecks.com/home/2012/7/15/sunday-sweets-villain-edition.html, Congrats to Lynn and Tricia who've taken all of our cake classes!  We're starting a new thing where if you have taken more than 5 classes with us you'll receive a fancy certificate of completion and a free Amanda Oakleaf Cakes apron (hand-sewn by us).  http://blog.oakleafcakes.com/cake-classes-free-apron/, Our latest wedding cake!  Brick inlay texture and handmade sugar peonys on a spiral stacked cake and delivered to Liberty Hotel in Boston., We're rollin out chocolate fondant in a whole new way today ;) haha. New cupcake based on the famous Hostess cupcake but topped with chocolate marshmallow fondant. Yummy!, Pick up your 4th of July sweets today!  We will be closed tomorrow, only open in am for a couple hours for custom order pick-ups., Our yellow cake batter is especially gorgeous today :), Did I ever mention that S'mores Whoopie Pies are my absolute favorite thing we make during the summer?!, Call us now to place your order for the 4th of July.  We will be open on the morning of the 4th for pick-ups/deliveries but then closed the rest of the day., Now boarding for awesome cake express.  Next stop, your belly.  FYI it was a groom's cake and the message reads: "Thank you for Choo-Choo Chooooosing to spend your life with me!", Looking for an alternative to the big traditional wedding cake?  Here's a great example of creating a wedding cake display with a trio of matching cakes.  Love this!, Just added another one of our famous 3D Sculpted Purse Cakes to our classes schedule.  Date is Sunday, July 29th contact us to sign up.  http://learn.oakleafcakes.com/classes/, Did we mention our flavor of the month for June is Margarita Cupcakes. Vanilla cake with lime buttercream and edible glitter 'rims'. Yummy indeed., New blog post is up of some of our latest summertime cakes! http://blog.oakleafcakes.com/summmmmertime/, Happy Father's Day!  We're open today so you can pick up those sweet treats Dad deserves :), We are now accepting applications, portfolios and resumes for a new (part time) addition to our cake team!  Please get in touch with us via email or by stopping by our store as soon as possible to be considered., Celebrating Fathers Day and beginning of summer with S'mores cupcakes and whoopie pies!  Yes that toasted meringue frosting is delicious!, Here's a shot of the cake we donated special for Goodwill's BBQ n cocktail fundraiser party last night., Yes, that figurine is 100% sugar.  CRAZY!, Here is the finished Sombrero from today's Guess The Cake Challenge!  It was for a BC High student's graduation.  Ole!, Guess The Cake!  First correct answer is the winner and gets 4 free cupcakes!, Fact: Baby animal cakes are waaaaay too cute., New blog post showing off some grad cakes we've made this season.  Still time to order one for your grad! :), Here's one from the good ol' days :), Finally! A new blog post on that awesome Harvard cake we made last week :) http://blog.oakleafcakes.com/harvard-memorial-hall-grad-cake/, Check out this beautiful post on our beautiful cake by The Cake Blog!, As promised, here is a photo of the huge cake we made last weekend for a Harvard grad.  It is Harvard's Memorial Hall.  It was 4 feet in length and fed just over 200 people.  Awesome!, Just wanted to show off some love we received from one of our cake students :)  Thanks for the thank you gift Natalie!  We loved having you in our class last night!, We are now renting out cupcake stands!  Huzzah!, Update our cake classes schedule yet again with the addition of a Sculpted 3D Gift Box cake class!  Get 'em while there hot., Itsa me, aMario!, Celtics are in the playoffs and we've got the perfect treat to celebrate!  Green Velvet Cupcakes!, Just cut the base for a huge and amazing cake for this weekend.  Stay tuned for more!, New rule: If you don't have a cake for your graduation, it doesn't count.  You've been warned! :), Look at that! Our cake is on Sunday Sweets!, Boston Cream Cupcakes today!  Yellow cake, vanilla pastry cream filling, chocolate ganache. To die for., This beautiful wedding cake is currently on display at Boston Bridal Lounge. Fun!, From last week's Guess The Cake:  The finished Kitchen aid mixer!, Celebrate the moms in your life with our delicious cupcakes. New for this weekend we have a delicious fluffy white cupcake topped with our light and airy strawberry Italian meringue. Stop by and try one!, #GUESSTHECAKE!  Winner gets 3 free cupcakes!  Happy guessing!, What do cakes have to do with composting you ask?, Cinco De Mayo cupcakes!, Please don't feed the raptors!, Just updated our class schedule with new classes all the way through July!  Get em while they're hot! http://learn.oakleafcakes.com/classes, Fresh Blog post!, We still have space left in our Mother's Day Cupcakes decorating class next Tues. the 8th.  We'll help you acquire the skills you need to impress your mommy dearest with some beautiful cupcakes this Mother's Day.  Or better yet, moms can sign up with their kids and everyone wins! Class is 6-8pm $65.  Please let us know by this Friday or Sat to reserve your spot., Just an awesome Mystery Machine/Scooby Doo cake.  Ya know, typical stuff :), Happy springtime!, Adorable cupcake alert!  Chocolate cake, Oreo dirt and fondant veggies. Mmmm mmmm, Forgot to get your Easter goodies yesterday?  We're open today at 11am.   Alleluia!, Flavor of the month April- Cinnamon Roll!  Cinnamon Roll Cake with Cream Cheese Buttercream dusted with cinnamon n sugar :). It's pretty heavenly., New! Hand molded, rainbow beeswax birthday candles! Each set of candles comes in hand made bag, and are wrapped in an old comic book page (Adorable!)  They are also incredibly re-usable with at 30+ minute burn time!, null, Check out this week's Dig Boston paper for our lovely write up by lovely dig writer @heathervandy.  This is one of our favorite articles :), There's still time to sign up for Easter Cupcake Decorating Class.  There is one spot left in Monday's class and 4 spots left in Tuesday's class.  We'll be makin peeps, robins' nests and lots of fondant chicks and bunnies : ) Call us by Sat to reserve your spot., New Advanced Cake Decorating Classes!  "Sculpted Purse Cakes" and "Sculpted Shoe Cakes"  These are 5-hour long intensive classes where students will each make their own 3D sculpted cake.  All cake and supplies included.  Limited space so sign up as soon as you can!, It's that time again for Easter cupcakes!  Peeps inspired cupcakes have marshmallow meringue frosting and the nests have mini Cadbury eggs yummy!, Here's a beautiful steampunk wedding cake our decorator Kat made last week!, New today!  Lemon Blueberry Swirl cheesecake cupcakes. They are our crew's latest favorite., Another amazing wedding cake!  This one will be on display all week at DePrisco Jewelers in Downtown Crossing all week!, Here's a fun cake we did last week, love the colors!  Just trying to prevent cake photo deprivation :), Question for our craftier cake fans: if we offered our home-made marshmallow fondant for sale at our store and online is that something you might be interested in?, Now through St Patrick's Day, green velvet cupcakes!  Same great flavor as our most popular red velvet cupcakes only green. Get some!, We have a few spaces left in this Monday's (5th) Fondant Part II class.  In this class you'll make a two-tiered fondant covered cake and decorate it using fondant, gumpaste and royal icing.  We provide all the cake and supplies so all you have to do is show up!  It's a 3 hr class and if you call to sign up by Saturday we'll offer it to you for the buddy discount price of $85.  What a deal!, A thoroughly entertaining cake of an atypical theme for a 1st bday cake.  I guess the story is their baby girl was born while they were watching the Godfather : ) ps. quotes from the movie continue around the cake and no horses or people were harmed in the making of this cake., Fruit punch kool-aid cupcakes are back for this weekend only (until summer:). Topped with vanilla buttercream and Nerds!  Ohh Yaaaaa!, Here's a sampling of our latest wedding cakes., Samoa cupcakes are back!  This weekend only. mmmm mmmmm, Still need some sweets for your sweet this Valentines day?  We're here till 6pm today with all these delicious goodies., Here's an adorable photo sent to us from one of our customers.  It's always rewarding for us to see one of our cakes being loved by it's recipient : )  We'd love to see more if you got 'em!, We just added a ton of additional dates to our cake classes list!  Book 'em while they're hot!  http://learn.oakleafcakes.com/classes, Whoopies!  Red velvet, chocolate peanut butter and choc chip cookie!  Yes, they are amazing and in our display now through Valentines Day!, That's our cake on the cover of today's Dig Boston!, Looking for the sweetest gift for your sweetheart?  Pre-order you Valentines goodies today!  Check out our blog.oakleafcakes.com for full selection of Valentines goodies., Need exciting plans for this Tuesday night?  We have two spots that just opened up in our Valentines cupcake class 6-8pm.  Call us today or tomorrow to reserve your spots and we'll give you the discount buddy price of $65!  Check out our site for full class description., Go Pats!  Get all your sweets before the big game. We're here till 6pm!, Fun fact: Super Bowls are better with cupcakes.  Open noon-6pm Today and Sunday!, Mmmm... Love., You could just have a good Superbowl Party this Sunday...  Or with an awesome cake like this you could have the BEST Superbowl party!  Oh, and did I mention that our cakes are lucky -just ask all the people who got Bruins cakes last year :), Please help us win The Phoenix's Best of Boston award for best BAKERY.  Just go to this website and type our name "Amanda Oakleaf Cakes" in the BAKERY category!  Feel free to write in your other favorite local businesses too.  Thanks!, Yo Gabba Gabba Cake!, Hey Winthrop Fans!  I want to introduce all of you to one of our favorite local businesses who hasn't gotten nearly the attention they deserve: Central Seafood Market!  They have fresh-off-the-boat fish every day, and recently have started serving lot lunch and dinner as well.  Just had some of their lobster bisque, and it is to die for!  Please show them some love next time you're in the mood for seafood!, Finally felt the need to create a press page for our website... Wow, that's a lot of stuff! http://oakleafcakes.com/press, * Looking for that perfect gift for your Valentine?  How about cake decorating classes with our expert crew at Amanda Oakleaf Cakes!  Sign both of you up and get a buddy discount!  Gift Certificates are also available *, We got wedding cake fever!  Here's another one of our latest creations :), Animated gif: "How to eat a stormtrooper", Need something fun to do on a Monday night?  We have 2 spaces open in tomorrow night's Buttercream Basics class!  Bring a friend and you both get $5 off the class.  Call us today to reserve your spot!, So here's a beautiful crafty themed wedding cake we made for the Boston Bridal Lounge last week!, So our news cycle is finally winding down, but not before this awesome article by Wired.com's geek dad came out:, Another great article, this one by cnet:, Awesome video of an awesome couple who got one of our most favorite wedding cakes ever!  (They're both current or former dreamworks animators), Every once in awhile you have to do your job so well that you get asked on Australian morning talk shows..., The daily mail:, LA Weekly article on our cake :), The CNN blog article and video segment:, So now we're in The Sun http://www.thesun.co.uk/sol/homepage/news/4066846/Star-Wars-Stormtrooper-cake-feeds-600-at-Arisia-Sci-Fi-Convention-in-Boston.html, Really awesome day.  Can't wait to read the newspapers tomorrow :), Next on CNN... US!!!!! Tune in NOW!!!!, So... Our stormtrooper cake is going to be on CNN on the John King show tonight at 6pm.  Now if I only had cable...., GIZMODO!!!! Sorry for all the updates, will pipe down now... #gettingwaytooexcited #bestdayever, GUY F-ING KAWASAKI TWEETED ABOUT OUR CAKE!!! #sofreakingawesome, Really love this Stuff.tv headline :)  Sums it up pretty well., And here's an article by Geekosystem! I could do this all day... #goodlife, And now we're on Gizmodo in the UK!!! http://www.gizmodo.co.uk/2012/01/epic-star-wars-cake-is-epic/#.TxRAAwXEkRE.twitter, ANOTHER boingboing article on the making of the trooper!!!, Woke up this morning to see that we also made it onto Kotaku.com!! This just keeps getting more and more amazing!, Our trooper made it to the front page of boingboing!!! http://boingboing.net/2012/01/15/life-sized-edible-stormtrooper.html, As promised, here is the blog post about our beautiful stormtrooper cake!, Worlds. Greatest. Cake. http://bit.ly/wlLW3g #EpicCakeTime #StormtrooperCake #Arisia #SpreadTheWord, Stop by Arisia today for your last chance to see our most epic cake ever, a 6' 2" Stormtrooper.  At 2:30pm he will be cut and devoured!, Today is the day!  We deliver our most epic cake ever to Weston Waterfront for the Arisia SciFi convention where it will be on display today and tomorrow and then devoured!  This make-shift robo-krispie box trooper is hanging onto our stormtrooper's arms until he's ready for assembly. The only way to see him assembled is to be at Arisia : ), Curious who's legs are in our fridge? Stay tuned for more updates on our most epic cake ever!!! Or just make plans to be at Arisia SciFi convention at the Westin Waterfront in Boston tomorrow and Sat!, Still haven't found a worth-while New Years Resolution?  Why not try your hand at cake decorating!  We have 3 available spots in this Monday's (16th) Buttercream Basics class where you'll learn to beautifully decorate an elegant buttercream cake.  Bring your friends and you all get $5 off the class.  Call us soon to reserve your spot.  If you're not around this Monday checkout our website for a full list of classes., Mmmmm rice crispy stormtrooper head....  #EpicCakeTime, Stormtrooper cake progress update!  For those of you who haven't heard we are making a life-size Stormtrooper out of cake. It will be on display (and for eating) starting Jan 13th at the Arisia sci-fi convention at the Westin Waterfront hotel. You gonna want to be there :), Starting the new year off right with our dinosaur cake, created by one of our talented decorators Tim, on Cakewrecks' Sunday Sweets today!  Check it out!, At least we have snowy cakes this Christmas : ), Did I mention we have Christmas Red Velvet Whoopie Pies?  We do and they sit alongside our other holiday cupcakes cheesecake!  We're here until 6 pm today. Closed tomorrow., Gingerbread Cupcakes Galore.  Super yummy flavor of the month is Gingerbread available in both cupcake and cheesecake versions topped with a baked-from-scratch mini gingerbread cookie! 
 We're open today and tomorrow noon-6pm., Baileys Irish Cream Cheesecake. One of my favorites!  Available in both full size and individual cupcake versions., Red Velvet Cheesecake.  Ready and waiting for you to take home for your Christmas dinner.  We have several cheesecake flavors this week including: Gingerbread, Bailey's Irish Cream (my fav), and Hot Chocolate!
We'll be open noon - 6pm on Sat Christmas Eve.  We'll be closed Sun and Mon., We updated our Christmas Goodies page!  Check it out and order your goodies within the next few days in order to have them ready for pick up on Sat. Christmas Eve!, Looking for that perfect Christmas gift?  Give that special someone one of our cake decorating classes!  ...and maybe they'll share what they make :), We're in love with these Rudolph's!  Nothing's better than the salty-sweet combo of chocolate fudge frosting and pretzels especially antler pretels :) yummy, Nothing brightens your day like the smell of gingerbread men hot out of the oven. Oops looks like someone ;) snitched one, We will be open Christmas Eve reg hrs, Closed Christmas day. We will have goodies ready for pick up but to be sure you get the size and flavor you want it's best to order ahead!, Happy National Cupcake Day!  Now this is a holiday worth celebrating!, We are officially doing this!, Here's a mouthwatering list of some of the holiday goodies we'll have available for the next couple weeks.  Pre-order your Christmas Eve goodies as soon as possible to make sure we have what you want, Here's a cake we did last night that should get you in the wintery spirit!, Now available in our shop for the holidays: handmade Christmas cards!  Handcrafted Keepsake Cards by our friend Elyse Walters  She makes beautifully detailed custom cards for any occasion. Stop by our shop to see more or contact Elyse directly at elysewalters@yahoo.com., Flavor of the month: Gingerbread!  Available as both cupcakes and cheesecakes. Both are topped with our homemade mini gingerbread men. Run, run as fast as you can, this flavor is only around in December!, Dreamin of a delicious Christmas?  We've got red velvet with white chocolate btcrm, angel white with edible (snow) glitter, gingerbread topped with homemade mini gingerbread men and chocolate peppermint candy cane!, Gingerbread cake & cupcakes are on the baking list this week!  I'm most excited for us to once again be making my most favorite flavor!, Got plans for this Tues. night? We still have space available in Tues. night's 'Intro to Figurines' Class! We'll be making figurines of people and their pets.  Class is $85, bring a friend and you both get $5 off!, The perfect gift? Cake Decorating Lessons from Amanda Oakleaf Cakes! http://learn.oakleafcakes.com, Yes we have all the cheesecake you could ever want. And we're here until 6pm!, Cute fondant turkeys on cupcakes alert!  Come get em before they waddle away!, Don't stress the dessert this week! We'll be open today and tomorrow noon-6pm with plenty of cheesecake and cupcakes to go around, so stop in.  However, if you plan on purchasing a dozen or more give us a heads up : ), Today and tomorrow are the last days to pre-order your Thanksgiving Apple Pie Cheesecake and/or Pumpkin Pie Cheesecake.  We will be open through 6pm. Wed. (except Mon.) so you can pick up all the gourmet cakes, cupcakes, cheesecake cupcakes, and whoopie pies you want for the big day.
Best to pre-order though to get the size and flavor you want : ), Remember that Shrek castle wedding cake we did last week? Well we documented its entire creation in our latest blog post. Take a peek, We still have spots available in our Thanksgiving cupcake class next Mon 21st and Tues 22nd 6-8pm.  $70/person or $65/person if you bring a friend!  You know you wanna have the cupcake skills to impress all your guests for Thanksgiving dessert.  Call us to reserve your spot!, Another really cool Celtics cake!, We have new decorating videos!  Just updated our video page and we now have over 60 different how-to videos on cake decorating.  That's over TWO HOURS of film, all professionally shot by Howcast!  Way cool!, What kind of wedding cake do two DreamWorks animators get? Only the most epic Shrek/Sleeping beauty mashup cake ever!  Picture hardly does it justice., Flavor of the Month: Carrot Maple!  Our moist homemade carrot cake is layered with a silky, sweet maple meringue buttercream.  Cupcake version from our shop is topped with a fondant carrot.  *Our carrot cake is made with walnuts however, if you'd prefer it sans nuts please give us a call we can make a special batch for you.*, Now taking pre-orders for your holiday cheesecakes, cakes, and cupcakes!  We have a ton of delicious cheesecakes available including: Pumpkin Pie, New York Vanilla, Strawberry Swirl, Cappuccino, Apple Streusel, Nutella Swirl, Peanut Butter, Orange Creamsicle and many more!, I don't want to encourage people, but I really do get some amusement out of our crazy reviews.  This one's a real gem: http://www.yelp.com/biz/amanda-oakleaf-cakes-winthrop#hrid:YHUjtOxVeAKwujTBxGTXjA
Please also note the attached picture of her cake :), Finished Celtics basketball court cake complete with figurines!, Guess The Cake:  Winner gets 2 free cupcakes!  Happy guessing., Cherry pie cupcakes are back! Look for our Thanksgiving pie super cupcakes all month., Here's a closeup shot of just the castle without all the scenery., Here's a picture of the Castle cake from yesterday's guess the cake game!  Thing was HUGE!, Guess The Cake time!  Winner gets 3 free cupcakes., Halloween goodies: dirt n worms, pumpkin cinnamon, spooky ghosts, red velvet webs, and even Halloween whoopie pies!  Come n get 'em., Alright, the results are in from our Halloween Costume Contest!  As you recall, the winner is chosen by vote, with comments being worth two points, and "likes" being worth one point.

First Place Winner: Kristin Kalogeris Boivin with 171 points
Second place: Samantha Willyard with 58 points
and Nelle Kardenetz with 55 points

-However, since second place was very close and it appears that some people may have had some trouble voting, we are going to call second place a tie  between Samantha Willyard and Nelle Kardenetz and give both second place winners the prize of a 9" gourmet cake!

Congrats to our winners!  Please contact us as soon as possible to discuss your cakes!, Our Halloween Costume Contest ends at midnight tonight!  So get in those photos and votes for your chance to win a free cake! http://blog.oakleafcakes.com/halloweencakecontest/, Tim and Kat making finishing touches on their cakes at the Cakes for Kids Children's Hospital Fundraiser Competition.  I'm one of the judges.  Come see us at the Connors Center in Dover Ma today from 11-2!, Reminder! Our facebook costume contest giveaway ends this Monday at midnight!  Get those costume pictures posted and then get likes and comments to win a free cake!, Amanda gets asked all the time what her favorite cake is... and while we love all of our cakes, I think she has an answer now :)  This thing was massive, and awesome, and we had to invent some new decorating techniques to pull it off.  Very cool., We have only 5 days left in our Costume Contest giveaway! Let's see those costumes and then get likes and comments to earn points and win a cake!, Reminder that we've extended our costume contest cake giveaway another week!  So lets' see those costumes! :), We're gonna continue the costume contest another week. It will now end on the 24th so you have plenty of time to get your friends to like your pic. http://blog.oakleafcakes.com/ for more details!, Looking forward to hosting a Food & Art class from MassArt today!  Why didn't they have a class like that when we went to school?, Hey guys!  We're having a Halloween Costume Free Cake Contest on facebook all this week! See our blog post for rules and details: http://blog.oakleafcakes.com/halloweencakecontest/
Just upload a photo of your all-time favorite Halloween Costume and then get your friends to "like it" and comment on it. Likes=1pt, Comments=2pts. Most points wins a custome cake with a figurine of you in your costume! Only one photo or like or comment per user please!, Spooky Halloween Yummies!  
choc. vanilla ghosts, pumpkin spice and dirt and worms
Only available 'till the end of the month., Who's got a craving for dirt n worms?  meeee!, Calling all cake decorators, kids, amateurs and professionals!  Everyone is invited to take part in this local cake decorating competition.  Theme is bedtime stories (coolest theme ever) and I will be a judge at the event : ) It's Oct 23rd so check out their site to learn more. Deadline for registering is the 16th., I love it when people blog about our cakes :), Here's the kitchen sink/dirty dishes cake from yesterday's #guessthecake game!, Guess the Cake - hint number 2, Guess the Cake time!  Winner receives 2 free cupcakes!, Flavor of the month, you guessed it, Pumpkin Spice!  Our moist, homemade pumpkin spice cake layered with silky cinnamon meringue buttercream.   Get the cupcake version from our store and it comes topped with a fondant pumpkin., It's back! Pumpkin Pie Cheesecake!  Available as cupcakes as well as 7 and 9 inch full size cheesecakes., Sisters order the nicest cakes for each other..., Pumpkin Spice Cupcakes are back!  And we'll have them available in our display all month long. mmm mmmmm, Our decorator Tim was amazed to see that someone made a tow truck that looked like our cake!, Cake decorating classes!  Bring a friend to save money!, A few weeks ago we made this fun cake for a special boy named Jesus as part of the Icing Smiles program.  Check it out!, Be sure to join all the cool people tomorrow (Wed) night at The Taste of Winthrop 6-9pm at the Winthrop Yacht Club where there will be over 30 local restaurants and bakeries giving away samples of their best dishes.  If you still don't have your tickets call Winthrop Chamber of Commerce to purchase yours for $30.  We'll be there showing off our newest cake designs and  with samples of our popular fall flavors., Introducing: CAKE CLASSES!!!!!  Call to sign up!, Finished Mt. Kilimanjaro Cake from yesterday's #GuessTheCake game!, #GuessTheCake! Winner gets 2 free cupcakes!, Planning your wedding?  Come visit us this Sunday at The Wedding Swirl! It's an upscale, appointment only, one stop shop where you can sit down with the best vendors in the state and get most of your planning rolling (or done) in one fell swoop.  Easy., Our flavor of the month is Apple Streusel and is available in both cupcake and cheesecake versions.  This is a shot of our cheesecake version which consists of a cinnamon shortbread crust, apple pie filling, vanilla cheesecake topped with streusel crumbles.  Definitely a new crew favorite., All 3 of my favorite cupcake flavors are in the display today.  Apple Streusel, Snickerdoodle, and Kahlua Mudslide.  A great day to visit us for some cupcakes I would say. : ), When the bride is a biologist, and the groom turns the living room into a ball pit, this is what your wedding cake should look like., Here's the finished "heart" cake we made as a gift from the bride to the groom.  The real heart is in reference to the anniversary of her heart surgery which happens to coincide with her wedding., #GuessTheCake to start your Tuesday morning!  Winner gets two free cupcakes!, Here is the Tower of Terror cake from last night's #GuessTheCake game!, Guess The Cake hint number 2. This is the same cake after we've airbrushed it., #GuessTheCake Time! Today's winner gets 4 free cupcakes! Hint: the correct answer starts with the letter "T", The alligator cake from yesterday's Guess The Cake.  This big guy was about 2 1/2 feet long and was a surprise groom's cake for a guy who supposedly has a past time for going to FL, wrestling alligators and smoking cigars., Clue number 2 for tonight's guess the cake., Guess The Cake time once again. Winner gets 4 free cupcakes!, Those of you who think your half birthday isn't worth celebrating we disagree!, null, Here's the cake we made for Icing Smiles today as part of their program that recruits bakers to donate cakes to kids who are hospitalized for long periods of time. It was for a young man who loves to play Mario Kart Wii and dreams of being a professional guitar performer. We hope he has a rockin birthday!  (to all the bakers out there: consider contacting Icing Smiles to see how you can make a local child's bday extra special), Close up picture of the figurine on the @Duff_Goldman Cake we made!, @Duff_Goldman: It's not every day you get to have your picture taken with a giant slice of cake!  Great seeing you today!, So we made a cake for @Duff_Goldman today.  Not too shabby!, Reminder: We will be closed tomorrow (Saturday 08/20/11) from Noon-3pm as our entire staff will be at the Weymouth Michaels store for the @Duff_Goldman event we're making the cake for! We'll be back open 3-6pm., Fresh post about upcoming, upscale, bridal expo. The Wedding Swirl!  , Workin on the cake for Duff today. Come to the Michael's in Weymouth this Sat at 2pm to meet Duff Goldman and the entire Oakleaf Cakes crew, including our mascot Dr. Fresh!, Reminder: We will be closed this Saturday 08/20/11 from Noon-3pm as our entire staff will be at the Weymouth Michaels store for the @Duff_Goldman event we're making the cake for!, Latest wedding cake creation!, New blog article today!  It's a bit of a preview of the cake book we're writing :), Just got all of our Duff brand supplies for decorating the cake we're making for @Duff_Goldman!, Cappuccino cheesecake cupcakes. Dusted with cocoa and topped with chocolate curls. You know you're gonna have to come in for one, if not two or three of these. Plus we got Free samples today!, BTW: @Duff_Goldman event is on 8/20/11 @1:30ish @Weymouth Michaels store. Duff will be there, & so will our cake! #goodtimes, Just got asked to make the cake for @Duff_Goldman for an event in Weymouth promoting his new line of "Duff" cake merch! #nobigdeal, More smiles from our baker. That's our strawberry (flavor of the month) cupcakes smiling back at you. He knows he delicious ;), Question for the cake lovers out there:  If we made a 2012 Calendar featuring pictures of cakes we've made and recipes we use, would you want it?, August flavor of the month!  Strawberry lemonade: strawberry cake (made with real strawberries) with a swirl of lemon meringue buttercream and a fondant strawberry on top :), As you can see, a little bit of happiness gets baked into every one of our cakes. (for the record, this happy guy was completely unplanned. Ashley, our newest baker, cracked the eggs and this is how he came out. There's no way you could make art like this if you tried), This monkey/bouncy ball cake is brought to you by the number 3., Fresh, Snickerdoodles cupcakes are back!, I know you didn't forget we have these. :) Chocolate Samoa cheesecake cupcakes are available in our shop everyday along with 4 other fabulous flavors., New lettering for the cake van. Pretty freakin' sweet!, Fresh blog post!, Hear ye hear ye!  We present to you our crown cake from last night's guess the cake., Guess the Cake!  The triumphant winner receives 2 free cupcakes!, We're at Yirrell beach with cheesecake samples.  Where are you?, Every once in awhile I do a blog search to see if we've gotten any mentions.  These two were really well done and I thought I'd share them!  Thanks blogosphere!

http://fairytaleschandeliers.blogspot.com/2010/05/amanda-oakleaf-kicks-cake-bosss-ass.html
http://www.markandlynnarefamished.com/2011/06/lynn-loves-amanda-oakleafs-cupcakes-in.html, Tomorrow (Sat).  Yirrell Beach, Winthrop.  Cheesecake Samples.  Our mascot Dr. Fresh.  'nough said., Here's another very cool wedding cake straight out of Tim's imagination :), Out newest creation - Rainbow cupcakes!  It's simply our angel white cake colored to match the rainbow. Yum., We filmed another series of Howcast videos yesterday, this time on baking! They should be up and posted by the end of the month! And next month Liz is going to be filming another series on cupcake decorating!  Hurrah for learning cake stuff!, Tyler's been working hard all day, and after several hours of slaving over a hot computer, all of our website galleries are now mobile phone (non-flash) viewable!  We also are letting flickr do our image hosting now, so everything should load MUCH quicker as well :), Summertime! And we've got three new flavors: strawberries and champagne, key lime pie, and lemon with toasted meringue. Oh yes., Finally updated our flavors page on the website with all of our new and fun flavors! http://oakleafcakes.com/flavors , Here's the finished cake from the #guessthecake game earlier today.  It's a guy on a couch in his "man cave".  Fun., Guess The Cake time!  Winner gets 2 free cupcakes., Here is a wedding cake Liz made based on a tattoo design., null, Happy 4th of July from the Oakleaf Cakes team!, Amanda (and Tyler's) old high school traveled all the way from South Dakota to play some music, and while they were in Boston they stopped by to say hi, tour the bakery, and have some cake :), We are open today and we have our newest flavors of cheesecake ready for pick up.  Available in both cupcakes and full size cheesecakes- Orange Creamsicle and Samoas., Forgot to eat breakfast this morning?  Have we got the most delicious brunch/snack for you. French Toast cupcakes!  I know we say this all the time but this is seriously our new favorite :), Just to make you drool here's a shot of our s'mores whoopie pies right before they got wrapped., Made fresh today- this is the stock of our popular summer favorite, Orange Creamsicle Cheesecake!  They're available in 7, 9" rounds and cupcakes and all ready to go for your weekend festivities!  Give us a call to reserve yours., Summer weather is back and so are our Kool-Aid fruit punch cupcakes!  Yes indeed, and they're sprinkled with nerds candy. Every kid's dream : ), We've mastered S'mores in a whoopie pie!  Graham whoopie, marshmallow filling, and chocolate ganache, all wrapped up n ready to go.  We are drooling right along with you., Our newest creation- Irish Cream Cheesecake btcrm swirl and white choc.curl.  It's the staff favorite of the week :), Photos of the cake we did for the mass art "Flourish: Alumni Works on Paper" show!, "Who's a good cake? Whooo's a good caaake? Yes you are. You're a good cake. You're a good cake.", Here's the cake from earlier's #guessthecake.  It's a simplified replica of the Stanley Cup that was given to the Boston Bruins by Reebok, who happen to be headquartered just outside Boston, and are one of the Bruins' main equipment suppliers.  Hopefully we can get a few pictures from the event of the players with the cake :), Today's Guess The Cake: winner takes home 4 free cupcakes!, Happy Fathers Day!  Dad deserves a special treat today- cookie inspired cupcakes. Chocolate chip cookie dough cupcake with cookie dough filling. And Samoa cupcakes based on the popular chocolate coconut Girl Scout cookie., Looks like we're going to be making some Bruins/Stanley Cup cakes this week!  Congrats Boston Bruins fans!!, Today we made new cheesecake cupcakes for summer: clockwise, Orange Creamsicle, Brownie Bottom, Choc. Coconut Samoa, S'mores!, Here's today's Guess The Cake cake.  It was for an orthodontist on his birthday.  The birthday boy is on top and his colleagues are the other figurines with ortho tools surrounding him., #guessthecake !!! Winner gets 2 free cupcakes!, Here's a cake we made for the Mass Art Paper Show opening!, A bride, a groom, and a bulldog :), Sweet Sweet Rivalry - Sox vs. Yankees cakes, Unicorn cake.  That is all., Flavor of the month! Blueberry Bliss- angel white cake, blueberry italian meringue buttercream, fondant flower blossom. Mmmmmm. And yes, we have still have some left today., Here's a fun picture of the inside of a topsy turvy cake that Amanda made several weeks ago for her sister (and former and perhaps future cake decorator) Bekah Rye's HS Graduation!, And as long as we're posting pretty pictures, here's the topsy turvy cake we did for a company who was celebrating their 25th anniversary and have an office on the 35th floor of the Hancock building here in Boston., Here's the finished Helicopter cake from yesterday's #guessthecake challenge!, It's time again for #guessthecake! Winner gets free cupcake. Good luck!, This is going to be one BIG topsy turvy cake :), This is a perfect illustration of how my week has been...  :) -Any non-crazy yelpers out there?, Be sure to drop by today and try one of our delicious vegan chocolate cupcakes topped with fluffy vegan vanilla buttercream, mmmm!, Had some technical difficulties getting this picture up but here it is:  our sushi cake from this week's Guess the Cake!  Congrats again to Teresa Scoponi and Megan Hayes Andy for the win!, Round 2!  Three cupcakes!  Go!, Get ready kids, it's Guess the Cake time again!  Winner gets three free cupcakes!  Ready......go!, It's official!  Our head baker Alicia and deputy decorator Liz are competing on Food Network's Cupcake Wars!  It won't air for a while but we'll be sure to keep you up to date.  Hooray Alicia and Liz!, Our episode of Fabulous Cakes is re-airing tonight at 6pm on TLC.  Quick, find a spot on the couch, set your dvr, to catch all the excitement you missed back in February!, Today is the Winthrop Sidewalk Sale, so stop by for some free cupcake samples and to meet Dr. Fresh!, We're thinking about trying to locally source some of our ingredients. Does anyone know of a good egg farm in the area?, Well, we finally got our act together and made our last two panoramas, so you can now tour our whole bakery (including baking and decorating areas) right at your computer!, Here's another shot of that Burger Cake from yesterday w/ Amanda in it so you can get a sense of the scale :), Here is the finished Hamburger Cake from today's #guessthecake game!  We delivered it to "The Kitchen" in Portsmouth, NH for their grand opening today!  Congrats guys!, All new Guess The Cake!  Winner gets 2 free cupcakes., Happy mother's day!   We got gourmet cakes for your mommy dearest.  And Free red velvet cake samples :), New for Mother's Day homemade brownies!  Perfect chocolate brownies with that delicious crispy crust on the top. Also don't forget we're open noon - 6pm so you can treat Mom to some baked-from-scratch cupcakes and gourmet cakes without all the work., We got your mother's day cakes all ready to go.  These are choc cake with vanilla buttercream. Want red velvet or yellow cake instead? Just come in or give us a call and we'll frost it up fresh for you., Back by popular demand of our crew, everyone's favorite, Boston Cream Pie Cupcakes!  Just like most of our specialty flavors they won't be here long, get 'em while you can :), Can't visit us in person? Take a virtual tour of the bakery!, Flavor of the month: Almond Cherry - Fluffy almond white cake layered with silky cherry buttercream.  Available in cupcake form all month in our shop., Here's the DJ turntable cake from Saturday's Guess the Cake....wica wica, #guessthecake returns! Winner gets a free cupcake!, There's a snake in my boot!, Just found out that our voicemail has been turned off for over a week. Problem has been fixed now though. Sorry everyone!, A very elegant "antique" wedding cake Julie made a few weeks ago., Join us tonight at the 28th Annual Chocolate Madness event at the Cyclorama in Boston.  We'll be there with samples of our Chocolate truffle cheesecake and Kahlua mudslide cupcakes.  We will be competing for the best chocolate desserts in Boston.  Doors open to the public at 7:30pm., Spongebob cake. Credit to Liz for all the figurines!, Happy Easter!  You have until 3pm today to hippity hop on in for your Easter cupcakes which won't be back until next year., Don't forget we got tons of new Easter flavors all weekend. 
Peeps cupcakes, Robins nest, and Easter bunny carrot cupcakes. Hop in and get yours today., Here's a pretty awesome Taj Mahal cake Tim made a few weeks ago!, We will be open this Sunday the 24th from 11am - 3pm for Easter.  If you need more than a dozen cupcakes or a gourmet cake please order them by this Friday.  , We've been so busy the last month that we've got a huge back log of cake photos we have yet to upload!  So to start things off I humbly present to you: "A Shark Wearing a Tiara and Biting the Number 30", Oh yea!, Today noon-6pm - Come celebrate with our crew and Dr. Fresh (our mascot) our first year in our new shop. Oh and we've got samples of our newest flavors!, Tomorrow marks our 1 year anniversary in our new shop!! hurrah!! Thanks to all of our fabulous customers for supporting us and our way awesome crew. Help us celebrate by stopping by our shop this Sunday for free cake samples all day long. We're using this as a good excuse to try out new flavors so you're gonna wanna be here : ) 
Plus an appearance from our mascot Dr. Fresh!  Yes, we have a mascot., For a limited time only!  Try out our Easter cupcakes - The peeps inspired ones are angel white cake with marshmallow meringue frosting topped with peeps colored sugar. 
The other is a chocolate cupcake with white chocolate buttercream topped with a marshmallow bunny., This Sunday, the 17th, marks our 1 year anniversary in our new shop!! hurrah!!  Thanks to all of our fabulous customers for supporting us and our way awesome crew.  Help us celebrate by stopping by our shop this Sunday for free cake samples all day long.  We're using this as a good excuse to try out new flavors so you're gonna wanna be there : ), Better late than never : ) Flavor of the month - April - Orange Creamsicle

Our moist homemade orange cream cake layered with
our extra silky white chocolate buttercream
* Buy the cupcake version from our shop and it comes topped with a few nonpareils*, Did we mention that we have way cool T-Shirts now?! Yours for $15 :), Our latest creation in our creative cupcake streak. Orange Creamsicle cupcakes with White Chocolate Buttercream. Also now available in a cheesecake cupcake version!, Here's an awesome boot cake we made for the Timberland!  Can you tell which one is the real boot?, Fresh today!  T-shirts to show your love for our awesome crew and our fresh cakes!  Only $15 for all sizes., Very cute (and springy) display cake Amanda made yesterday :), New Today! The first in our series of happy hour cupcakes. Mudslide Super Cupcake. 
Chocolate Kahlua Cupcake with Bailey's Irish Cream buttercream, chocolate cake crumbles, and chocolate drizzle!, Here's a beautiful display wedding cake cake Amanda made last week :), Finished Spongebob cake from today's #guessthecake challenge!, #guessthecake Sunday! Winner gets 2 free cupcakes!, New today!  Read it and drool..., Stop by Deprisco Jewelers in the Jewelery Building Downtown Boston today to see some of our cakes and get free cake samples!, Come get your St. Patrick's day goodies!  Today only- Green Velvet cupcakes and whoopie pies. Same famously delicious recipe as our red velvet only green!, We mentioned this last week, but it's so cool that it bares repeating: Amanda did a series of fabulous cake decorating/baking how-to videos for howcast.com and the are tremendous! http://blog.oakleafcakes.com/howcast-videos/, A very cool Lego/Computer themed cake we delivered yesterday to the #museumofscience !!!, Here's the finished Yo-Yo cake from today's #guessthecake challenge! Congrats again to our winner: Jeanie!, #guessthecake challenge! Winner gets a 5" gourmet cake. Happy guessing!, null, Check out our brand new amazing cake videos on Howcast.com!  VERY, VERY COOL!!!, Fishy first birthday :), Flavor of the Month: March Mocha Madness - our super moist, homemade chocolate cake layered with our extra silky coffee buttercream!, Check us out in this month's issue of Brides Boston Magazine!, Here's another display wedding cake Liz wrapped up today!, This is the 30" tall baby carriage cake we delivered on Sunday! A big thanks to Julie for letting us borrow her SUV to deliver this Goliath!, Here's the finished donkey cake from today's #guessthecake contest!, #guessthecake Sunday! Winner gets 5" gourmet cake and the piece of mind that you don't have deliver a 3' tall cake in this weather :), Here's a completely original wedding cake Tim made yesterday :), Liz created a pretty amazing display cake today..., The Cupcake page exists!, We're working on putting together a new "cupcake" gallery on the website... this a preview :), Remember that perfectly spherical cake Tyler was carving? Well here's the finished product! I give you the Kaleidoscope Yoga Cake!, Wondering if there are any Yelpers out there who've had our cakes and wouldn't mind giving your opinion.  Since our last TV appearance some strange people have been reviewing -a couple of which I don't think have even gotten cake from us -and I think it'd be cool to get some feedback on there from real customers. That is assuming they won't just get filtered in favor of the crazies :) Thanks!, Tyler's perfectly spherical cake carving skills., If you missed it the first time, our episode of TLC's Fabulous cakes will be re-airing tomorrow, February 21st @ 1pm EST!!!, This is the bed cake from last night's #guessthecake contest.  Cute!, Congrats again to Sandy and Lucas! They had won our "Cutest Pet Contest" back in January by popular vote on facebook, and today was the day they picked up their winning cake. We hoped you enjoyed the sweet taste of victory!, New today!  Our baker Alicia has perfected the chocolate vegan cupcake.  Complete with fluffy vanilla buttercream, also vegan.  They really are fabulous!  More vegan flavors to come...., #guessthecake returns triumphantly! Winner gets free cupcake. Goodluck!, It's Friday! Rawrr!!!, null, Na na na na, na na na, BAT-CAKE!!!, Celebrate early!  Come get your sweetheart their well-deserved Valentine's cupcakes and cheesecake cupcakes.  Open today, noon -6pm. (closed mondays), Check us out in the Boston Globe Magazine today!!!, What do you get for that lady-blacksmith in your life? How 'bout an unbelievably cool Anvil cake?, Hey Bostonians, pick up a copy of tomorrow's (Sunday) Boston Globe and check out our cakes and our advice on wedding cakes in the Globe Magazine!  Oh ya!, Valentines cupcakes!  Including our baker's newest creation (far left) kool-aid fruit punch cupcakes with valentines nerds candies on top!, null, Thanks for watching us on TLC!!!! It will be re-airing at 1am tonight!!, TONIGHT!! 10pm EST (9pm central) on TLC!!! Don't miss it!, While you're all getting pumped up to watch us on TLC's Fabulous Cakes tomorrow @ 10pm, we're already working on our next TV appearance :), Special for today. For your super super bowl party. Chocolate cupcake with turf-green vanilla buttercream and fondant football., Super Bowl + Cupcakes = Super, Super Bowl, February flavor of the month: Chocolate Dipped Strawberry - Our homemade strawberry cake made with real strawberries, layered with our decadent chocolate fudge buttercream. Perfect for you sweetheart!, Our Fabulous Cakes episode airs on TLC just one week from today!!! Tuesday, Feb. 8th @ 10pm EST and 9pm Central!!!, Never fancied myself a handbag designer, but this cake is a complete original :), And this is the finished R2D2 cake from yesterday's guess the cake! Most amazing part of this cake: the drive to Connecticut., Star Wars theme tonight! First pic is of Boba Fett's helmet., Guess the cake is back!  Winner gets 4 free cupcakes!, It's official! (finally) Our episode of TLC's Show Fabulous Cakes will be airing Tuesday February 8th at 10pm EST (9pm Central)!, I found out today that season 9 of the food network challenge is going to be on Hulu.  Too bad our show was in season 8... Will just have to get invited back :), Monopoly anyone? It's the Jacob edition!, New today!  Hot Chocolate Silk cheesecake cupcakes, perfect for a chilly day like today. They may not be hot but they're just as comforting as a cup of hot chocolate., Purse cake from yesterday., In non pet contest related news: Here's a really nice Dr. Suess cake from last week! :), WE HAVE OUR WINNERS! Congrats to all!

1st Place: Sandy Lima Montesano: 311 points
Prize: Free sculpted cake of her “Cutest” pet for pickup on Valentines Day!

2nd Place: Jackie Hague: 216 points
Prize: Free 9″ Gourmet Cake!

3rd Place: Christine Busi DeGiacomo: 185 points
Prize: Free 1/2 dozen cupcakes!, Reminder that voting for our cutest pet cake giveaway contest ends tonight at midnight!  Then it's back to posting beautiful cake photos again :), There is only 36 hours left in our cutest pet contest!  Voting ends Thursday at midnight!  Best of luck to all of our contestants!, We updated the leader board again today!  It's getting tight with the contest ending Thursday at midnight! So get out those votes.  Remember: only comments and "likes" on pictures of pets count as votes, and multiple comments by same user are not counted.  Good luck!, We're almost halfway through our Cutest Pet Contest (ending on Thursday!) but there is still time left to post new pet photos and/or get more votes (likes and comments) in for your cute pet!  Our daily leader board has been updated on the blog too!, Watch us tonight on Food Network Challenge! 9pm EST, 8pm Central.  It's a re-airing of the episode that aired in August, but if you missed it then, or simply want to see it again it's a real thriller! :), DAY 2 of our Cutest Pet Contest, and so far the response has been incredible!  We now currently have 13 adorable pets and over 150 points counted.  Be sure to keep an eye on the leader board on our blog and get your friends "liking" and "commenting" on your cute pet!  We've also shortened the contest voting to end on the 20th (Thursday) so get those points racked up quick!, Hurrah for all the awesome contestants in our Cutest Pet Contest! Remember to have all your friends and family "like" and "comment" on your photos to move your cute pet up the leader board and ever closer to that free sculpted cake!, WE'RE GIVING AWAY A SCULPTED CAKE FOR VALENTINES DAY! Please read the rules on our blog before submitting photos!, Our ever-growing pile of new cake images has really been adding up lately! After a long 10 hours today Tyler finally has got all the new images sized, and edited, and up on the site for your viewing pleasure.  It's still not all the cakes we've done, but by-golly there are a lot of new cake photos peppered in the galleries :), Finished 1930's pillow cake from today's guess the cake challenge!  This cake will be featured Feb. 13th in the Sunday Boston Globe Magazine, along with a very cool article of wedding cake do's and don'ts w/ an interview by Amanda. Way cool!, Final guess the cake hint!, Hint for guess the cake!, Guess the cake!!! Winner gets two free cupcakes!, null, Finished Lincoln Continental cake from today's guess the cake challenge!, Hint for guess the cake!, Guess the cake! Winner gets free 5" gourmet cake!, New today! German Chocolate Cupcakes!!!, Incase you missed it back in August, our "Food Network Challenge" Episode "Dora the Explorer Cakes" is re-airing January 15, 9pm EST /8pm Central!, Flavor of the month! January - Cool Chocolate Peppermint - Chocolate cake layered with our cool peppermint Italian meringue buttercream.  * buy the cupcake version from our shop and it comes topped with peppermint candy crumbs*, Disco ball cake from yesterday's guess the cake challenge., Guess the cake! Winner gets 5" gourmet cake!, Remember to get your orders in for all of your New Years Eve parties! We will be open regular hours (noon-6pm) on both New Years Eve and New Years Day!, Merry Christmas cake lovers!, Also new today... GRINCH Whoopie Pies!, NEW TODAY! Chocolate peppermint cupcakes with candy cane crumbs!, OPEN TILL 6PM TODAY!!! Get your holiday cupcakes, cakes, and cheesecakes before it's too late!, Our TLC Fabulous cakes episode air-date has been changed. The new air-date is February 8th @ 10pm (rather than Jan. 3rd). You'll just have to wait a bit longer to again witness our cake-y awesomeness on your TV..., * We know you're running out of time this week so put your order in now for our fresh, homemade cheesecake and/or our gingerbread cake for your holiday get togethers! *  We're open noon - 6pm Christmas Eve!, And the cell phone cake from a couple days ago., Here's the Jordan Sneaker Cake from the Guess The Cake today., Hint #2 for Sunday's Guess The Cake., Guess The Cake, Sunday edition. Winner receives 2 free cupcakes!, Guess the cake hint #3!, Hint #2 for guess the cake!, Guess the cake Friday!!! Winner gets free 5" gourmet cake., Purchase a cheesecake for dessert at your family get-together this holiday and a portion of the proceeds will go towards to donation of a cheesecake to the Lynn Shelter for Veterans where they serve daily hot meals., * Put your order in now for our fresh, homemade cheesecake and gingerbread cake for your holiday get togethers! *, It's your friendly Christmas Dinosaur!, A Boston skyline cake we made this weekend.  The bulidings and plaque are made of chocolate fondant, that's our chocolate version of our homemade marshmallow fondant, mmmm., Completed Guess The Cake is a Christmas party cake for a group of Neurobiologists., Guess the cake hint #2:, Guess the cake number two for the week! Winner gets a 5" gourmet cake!, Meet Riley! AKA, the cute shaggy dog on top of a wedding cake., Finished Tree of Life Cake from yesterday's Guess the Cake contest., Guess the Cake Returns!!! Winner gets a free 5" Gourmet cake!, Baby + Dog = Pretty cute, Reminder that we're giving away cheesecake to vets in need this holiday season! Help us get the word out and reach our goal!, Reminder! Our WGBH Fundraiser auction for a $200 Gift Certificate ends in 12 hours!  Get out there and support WGBH and buy yourself some awesome cake in the process!, Help us give back to our Veterans who are in need!

Now through December 31st: for every $3 you spend on cheesecake Amanda Oakleaf Cakes will be donating $1 worth of cheesecake to the Lynn Shelter Assoc. Shelter for Veterans where it will be served with their daily hot meals for Vets hard up on their luck.

"Like" this post to help us get the word out so we can make this holiday bright for our Vets who need the help., CUTE ATTACK!!!!  b...AHHHHHH!!!!!, Photo from Charlestown Holiday Stroll.  Stop in for some cheesecake samples!, Come visit us in Charlestown today for the annual Charlestown Holiday Stroll! We will be giving out free cheesecake samples at DES Rosiers Designs located @ 87 Warren St in Charlestown!, December Flavor of the Month : Gingerbread Cake with creamy Caramel Buttercream.  Buy the cupcake version and it comes topped with an actual mini gingerbread man!  Ooh Yaa!, New for VERY limited time! Red Velvet WHOOPIE PIES!!! Happy Holidays indeed!, White Chocolate Mousse Cheesecake with Red Velvet shortbread cookie crust coming soon!  Perfect for you Holiday dessert...mmmmm, Drumroll please!, Cake from last week. Favorite part is the eyes peeking out of the toy box on top :), null, It's like the 70's never ended. And yes that is in fact the Trans Am from Smokey and the Bandit.  If I was clever I would have suggested to the client giving the cake itself a mustache. Still quite awesome even without the stache., It's Small Business Saturday!  Get out there and show your favorite small businesses some love!  Shopping at local small businesses keeps your money local, which helps to boost your community in an infinite number of ways: from paying for things like roads and schools, to increasing the value of your local neighborhood, which in turn can even increase the value of your own home!  Shopping local helps everyone, includ, No rest for the cake decorators. This is what thanksgiving day looks like for us :), Happy Thanksgiving! Closed today, but open again on Friday!, Last day to pickup your Carmel Pumpkin Pie Cheesecake before Thanksgiving!, We have a feeling you're too busy to prepare dessert. That's why we're here to save the day with our Pumpkin Pie Cheesecake! Baked-from-scratch recipe available in both 7" and 9" sizes. Check out our website for complete list of flavors. We're closed Thursday so stop in tomorrow (Wed) to pick one up.  We also have cheesecake cupcakes!, cute., Very awesome Broadway themed cake from this weekend!, With Thanksgiving less than a week away we have a feeling you're too busy to prepare dessert.  That's why we're here to save the day with our Pumpkin Pie Cheesecake!  Baked-from-scratch recipe available in both 7" and 9" sizes.  Reserve yours now!, Watch us on TLC!, Yet one more view of Fenway Cake, Another view of the Fenway Park Cake., Fenway Park Cake from last Friday's Guess The Cake!, Thanks to everyone who helped us this weekend with Fab. Cakes! Especially the film crew and cake crew! And our customers who were more than patient with us while we were filming this week!, Just realized my voicemail has been screwed up for the last 1.5 months. Sorry everyone!, Just a reminder - we will be closed on Sunday, as this is what we're doing this weekend., Guess the cake! Winner gets free cupcake!, Cherry pie cupcakes people! Cherry. Pie. Cupcake., Scrubbing up in prep for TLC Fab Cakes this week!, Introducing our most awesome mascot Dr. Fresh! (Hat reads: Vanilla Ice-ing), A tour of Italy, in cake form!, Completed Cruise Ship cake from yesterday's guess the cake contest!, November Flavor of the Month! Carrot Cake: Our hearty, homemade carrot cake infused with cinnamon and nutmeg and layered with cream cheese buttercream. If that doesn't say fall I don't know what does., Butter or oil based cake? Please read about our dilemma and give us your feedback on our discussion page (link attached). It would really help!, Guess the cake!  What will it be? The suspense! Winner gets 5" gourmet cake!, Stack of uber-cute pandas from today's guess the cake!, Guess the cake!  This is a fun one! Winner gets free cupcake!, Happy Post Halloween Everybody!, Halloween Super cupcakes today only!  Get 'em while you can, Choc webs, gummy worms, ghosts n jack o lanterns mmmmm, Check out our new flavor comparison chart!!! Everyone is different, and we're trying our hardest to make it easier to create a cake that is perfect for YOU!, Finished zombie cake from today's guess the cake challenge!, Guess the cake! Winner gets free 5" gourmet cake!, Thanks to everyone who stopped out to visit us at the halloween haunt tonight!  It was a lot of fun!, Only 125 more facebook fans until FREE cupcakes!  Tell your friends to like us!, New Blog Post on our Top 10 Wedding Cake Tips!, Help us reach 750 facebook fans by Halloween and to celebrate we'll give EVERYONE buy-one-get-one-free cupcakes on Saturday November 6th!!!

So tell all of your friends and family to "like" us so we can reach our goal and give everyone some free cupcakes!, New Blog Post!, Horrible, horrible idea.  Horrible. Yet entertaining. But still quite horrible., New blog post!, For a limited Halloween time only: Dirt & Worms Super Cupcakes!  Choc cake, choc buttercream, Oreo cookies crumbs and gummy worms. Mmmmmm, Finished yacht cake from today's Guess the Cake contest!, Guess the cake clue # 1, Guess the cake! Free cupcake to the winner!, Lightning from another angle., Presenting last night's Guess the Cake contest cake: Lightning McQueen!, Guess the Cake! Hint: it's a Disney character. Winner gets a free cupcake!, Sugar flower madness!, Night and day..., BIG ANNOUNCEMENT!!! Amanda Oakleaf Cakes will be featured on TLC's program "Fabulous Cakes" where we will be creating a very special cake for the Dana Farber Children's Cancer center.  Filming will take place next month, and the anticipated air date is sometime in January or February., And here are the other two dog's (both for the same event!), Three dog week! The first dog is also the cake from yesterday's #guessthecake!, Return of GUESS THE CAKE!!! Today's prize is a delicious cupcake. mmmmm...., New this week: Pumpkin Caramel Cheesecake!!! More details and photos to come :), October flavor of the month! Pumpkin pie cake w/ cinnamon Italian meringue Buttercream.  BTW, jack-o-lanterns in picture are sugar too!, October Flavor of the Month - Pumpkin Pie - Homemade pumpkin spice cake layered with a fluffy cinnamon meringue buttercream -, Happy October! Why not give a friend a cupcake?, It's cookie monster, baby!, Baby shower birdies, Finished Hello Kitty cake from yesterday's Guess the Cake contest! Mee-yow!, Guess the cake hint #1, Guess the cake!! Free cupcake for the victor!, Who's a good boy?, Congrats to Brenda Ria for winning our guess cake challenge!  It's a scooter! And here's a photo of Ava going for a (pretend) ride ;), Guess the cake photo #3!, Guess the cake photo #2.  Happy guessing!, Guess the cake Sunday edition! Prize is a free cupcake!, Second view of ol Eeyore, View one of our friend Eeyore, Guess the cake!! Today's prize is a free 5" gourmet cake!, Congrats again to Brenda Bee for figuring out that the car figurine was about to destroy a hostess cupcake!, Guess the cake!! Mixing it up today. This car is going to smash into something, we want you to guess what that thing it's having an accident with is.  Good luck and God's speed to you!, Thanks to everyone who came out to see us at the Taste of Winthrop tonight! It was a deliciously good time!, Everyone should check out the photos on Princess Sharon's facebook page ( http://bit.ly/bOV6EP ) of the beautiful cake we donated for her Alice in Wonderland themed event for cancer patients/survivors and their moms from the Dana-Farber Children's Cancer Center., Join us tomorrow (Wed 15th) night at the Taste of Winthrop!  6-9pm @ Winthrop Yacht Club.  $30 to sample a bunch of different area restaurants and cafe's bakeries etc. :  ) buy tickets online or at the door. We'll be sampling cheesecake and mini cupcakes.  mmm mmmm, Happy Monday. Here's a cake :p, Day off tomorrow! Which naturally means that Tyler and I will be making a two hour trip to buy the good cake flour. If you're wondering why our cake tastes so good? Effort., A very sweet 16 :), Finished cake from last night's guess the cake contest., null, Guess the Cake!! Today's prize is a Free Cupcake! Good luck!, NEW VIDEO!, I swear, it doesn't taste like a tennis shoe :), And this is the machine it's modeled after., Answer: an antique diode testing computer of course!, What's 250 lbs and made out of cake?, I caught you delicious bass :), Figurines to go on top of plane when we deliver :), Amanda playing wingman to our most awesome cake!! And yes, those are love filled clouds :), Finished plane from head-on, Amanda and Tim sculpting the airplane., We have a guess the cakes WINNER!!! Jean McGonagle wins the 2 cheesecake cupcakes!  It's an Airplane!  Pictures of the final cake to be posted later tonight!, Guess The Cake!!!!! Prize is 2 cheesecake cupcakes! Happy guessing!, Spent the whole day mostly working on one HUGE and quite awesome cake. But that's all I can give away for now as I think I'm gonna make it tomorrow's "Guess the Cake" Challenge cake :), 499 facebook fans!!!  Who will be #500???  Will it be... you???, Fresh today! Cheesecake cupcakes! 3 flavors- NY Vanila, Strawberry Swirl, and Nutella Swirl, mmm mmmmm., Strawberry swirl and chocolate swirl CHEESE-FREAKING-CAKE Cupcakes!!!!!! That is all., 6 people away from having 500 fans!!! Exciting!!! Now if we can just get twitter going.... First 500 twitter followers get a free cupcake!, null, Our cake pickup table this morning :) Just to show how massive that iced coffee cake was! 50 servings on a 12" base!!!, Congrats again to Patricia Anno for winning today's Guess the Cake contest! It's iced coffee!, Guess the Cake!!!! Prize is 5" gourmet cake. Also, new rule today: limit of 10 guesses so everyone can get a fair chance. Happy guessing!, Congrats to Kevin Reinbold for having the first correct guess and winning 2 free cupcakes! It's a keg!, Final Guess the Cake clue!, Here's a hint for Guess The Cake!, Guess the cake!!! Today's prize: 2 free cupcakes!, Just updated the website with new images! Man that's a lot of work :) http://oakleafcakes.com, Cute dog figurine.  That is all., Hello Tuesday! Between the rain and then having the cupcake display case catch fire... Should be an interesting week :)

Anyways, here's a gorgeous wedding cake from last weekend to lift your spirits!, It's our day off, but here's a pretty cool cake we did on Saturday for a teacher's birthday., Cute cake of the day! Strawberry shortcake!, null, COOKIE MONSTER CAKE VIDEO!!!, Congrats to Nicole Fitzgerald for her correct "Guess the Cake" answer!!! It's COOKIE MONSTER!!!! omm nomm nomm!!!, Guess the cake!!! Today's prize: 5" gourmet cake! Happy guessing!, Say hi to Colby the Dog from today's "Guess the Cake" contest!, It's Friday and once again time for "Guess the Cake!" Winner gets 2 free cupcakes!!!, Here's a pic of the Alice in Wonderland themed cake we created for Princess Sharon's childhood cancer benefit last Saturday. Very, very cute!, null, Meet our new and most awesome intern Tim!, LAST CHANCE to watch us compete on our FINAL (scheduled) syndication of "Dora the Explorer Cakes" on the Food Network Challenge.  Today (Sunday Aug 15) @ 2pm EST!!!, See us (again) TONIGHT on the Food Network Challenge!  6pm EST!!!, Here's the finished police badge cake from our "Guess the Cake" competition today.  Good guessing everyone, and congrats again to Jean Pugsley McGonagle for having the first winning guess!, We had so much fun the first time, we thought that'd we'd try it again. First person with a correct guess wins a free 5" Gourmet cake!

BTW - If you are following us on twitter http://twitter.com/oakleafcakesyou could have had an hour head start on your guesses :), null, GUESS THE CAKE! Winner gets a free cupcake! (and bragging rights)

We're starting a new weekly giveaway (for facebook and twitter followers only) where every week on either Thursday, Friday, or Saturday we will post a picture of a cake in progress, and if you correctly guess what the cake is of you will win a prize!

Prize and cake photo will be different every week, so be sure to check back frequently!

Submit your guess below, or on twitter @oakleafcakes ! FUN!!!


Here's the pic: http://twitpic.com/2e5g6a, null, You've got questions, we've go "Cake Answers" a new series of instructional videos on how we make our cakes!  Today's pt 1: Fondant!, 7pm tonight! Food Network Dora the Explorer Cake Challenge!!! Gotta love syndication., Missed us on Food Network Challenge?  No worries, there's always syndication: re-air dates this week are as follows: Wed. @ 7pm EST, Sat. @ 6pm EST, and Sun. @ 2pm EST, Alright, so in an effort to get people to my twitter page, I've posted three photos there of a Yo Gabba Gabba cake that Liz did on Saturday.  Will post other "exclusive" images there over the next couple weeks, so check it often :D, So I think we're gonna go all-in on this twitter thing.  Time to start keeping all our fans more up-to-date-y., Because of the Challenge yesterday, I thought it wise to snag the twitter handle @oakleafcakes before anyone else took it.  So the question of the day is: To twitter or not to twitter? Suggestions?, Exciting right? Thanks for watching everyone! It was a lot of fun!, As the countdown to airtime continues -everyone here: myself, Tyler, Alicia, Liz, Julie, Alyssa, & Brian -really want to thank everyone for all of the support and good wishes.  We've loved making all of your cakes, and we truly appreciate that you have given (and continue to give) us the opportunity to add something special your celebrations.  So from all of us, Thank You!, 5.5 hours till Food Network Challenge!  Be there!, Us. Food Network. Cake Challenge. Dora the Explorer Cakes.  Tomorrow (8-8) 8pm EST.  Exciting!, null, Alright guys, let's get with the free cupcakes already!  Incase you missed it, last week we posted an app on the blog that allows you to send people a gift certificate for a free cupcake over email.  No strings attached.  Just free cupcakes.  Cool right?  Except no one's given away any cupcakes yet.  Let's get with it!, Mark your calendars for August 8th at 8pm EST- We're on Food Network Challenge "Dora the Explorer Cakes", Meet the crew!  Just updated the about page.  Good stuff. :), Come visit us at Family Day at the Beach this Sat. 24th at Yirrell Beach in Winthrop, MA. We will be chillin at the beach with free cheesecake samples and showing off our new cake designs. It's a big event, there be other vendors, food and games as well!, Spread the word!  Give a cupcake!, We have an air date! Watch us on "Food Network Challenge" Dora The Explorer Cakes on August 8th @ 8pm EST!, We have an air date! Watch us on "Food Network Challenge" August 8th @ 8pm EST.
http://blog.oakleafcakes.com/oakleaf-cakes-headed-to-food-network-challenge/, Competing in the Battle of the Cakes tomorrow for the Best Wedding Cake of 2010 at the Simply Elegant Bridal/wedding expo at the Sea Port World Trade Center!, We’re once again in Boston Weddings Magazine!, Free Cheesecake Samples this week!  Beat the heat with our 3 new flavors : Cappuccino, Strawberry and New York Vanilla!  We have 2 sizes: a 9 serving and a 16 serving., check out the latest issue of Boston Weddings Magazine!  we're on pg 127!  yay!, null, Zorro The Dog, free cheesecake samples this week!, Dad likes cheesecake, right?  Treat him to one of our fresh new cheesecakes.  No order necessary, just stop by to pick up one our baked-in-house New York Vanilla or Strawberry-tastic cheesecakes.  Yes we are open 12-6 on Father's Day!, Bulldog groom's cake.  His name is Wintston. grrrr., null, Father's Day is coming up, don't forget to treat Dad to one of our fresh, in-stock gourmet cakes.  Stop by our shop to pick one up/place an order., Fun enough to eat!, null, Sweetly Ever After, http://blog.oakleafcakes.com/sweetly-ever-after/, June Flavor of the Month - Our super-moist lemon cake (yes, it is made with both zest and juice from actual lemons) layered with tangy raspberry Italian meringue buttercream!, Winthrop's Sidewalk Sale is this Saturday.  Stop by our shop for free cupcake samples and get entered to win the grand prize shopping spree., Skate, Cake, GOAL!, Forgot to order a cake for your party this weekend?  We've got a full display of gourmet cakes ready to pickup and personalize.  And yes, they taste just as good as our custom cakes!, I want to thank all of the many, many people who attended our grand opening on Sat.  We were overwhelmed both by the number of people who came to support us as well as the number of cupcakes sold.  We apologize to those who were not able to purchase cupcakes after we had sold out, must have been delicious : )  However, I do invite you back, Tues - Sun. 12- 6pm, as we will do our best to keep that display full!, a friendly reminder to stop by our new shop this Saturday, 17th 11-6pm for our grand opening celebration.  There will be free cake samples : )  -1 Pauline Street Winthrop, MA-, See us in Sunday’s Boston Herald, Our Grand Opening – Saturday, April 17th!, and now.... the moment you've all been waiting for : )  Our grand opening will be Sat, April 17th!  Stop by our new shop from starting at 11am to see our new cakes on display as well as sample some of our delicious flavors! - 1 Pauline Street WInthrop, MA-, And now, the April flavor of the month- Strawberry and Vanilla Cream:  Our light and fluffy, angel white cake laced with strawberry preserves and layered with both strawberry and vanilla Italian meringue buttercreams, null, For a baby shower.  Designed from invites that had these lovely narcissus flowers on them., We're leaving to go film the food network challenge tomorrow morning!  Won't be able to take any calls or emails until Wednesday.  Wish us luck!, null, Cakes for the Community, WE’RE OPENING A STOREFRONT!!!, Ready for the flavor of the month? - - - March Mocha Madness: Our always moist, rich Chocolate cake layered with silky Coffee Italian Meringue Buttercream, If that’s a cake…then I’ll eat my purse!, Oakleaf Cakes headed to Food Network Challenge 08.08.10, null, Have you checked out our new flavor of the month? Chocolate Raspberry Truffle - A rich chocolate cake laced with raspberry preserves and layered with our chocolate Italian meringue buttercream. mmm mmmmm (one of my most favs), Reminder! Tune in tonight (Wed) at 10pm on Fox 25., null, Check Out Our Ad In Metro!, For our local Boston-based fans- be sure to tune into FOX 25 next Wed. 10th @ 10pm to see our cake on TV!  As the below post explains, we've recently teamed up with Princess Sharon events to offer our cakes at her awesome parties.  FOX25 did a TV special on one of her fabulous parties and of course got a few shots of the cake!, Amanda Oakleaf Cakes + Princess Sharon Events = The most amazing parties, An extra fun, R2D2 cake for a 6 yr-old Star Wars enthusiast., Fun enough to eat!, null, Is that me on the cake?, null, null, From Conception to Cuteness, inside the making of Frosting the Dog, null, Delicious, Delightful, Delectables, Winthrop’s Icing on the Cake Middle School Class, null, Luckily there appears to be a chance of snow in Boston this weekend.  In the spirit of dreaming of a white Christmas I designed this particular snowflake cake.  All the snowflakes are edible.  It was on display at Des Rosiers Design for the Charlestown Holdiay Stroll.Sure it looks weddingy but this design could be for any wintery occasion.  Gotta love snowflakes!, Dreaming of a white Christmas, would like to remind you that if you need a delicious centerpiece for your holiday party you know who to call.  Last minute orders welcome, I know you're busy ; ), Life-size Stormtrooper Cake Giveaway, Come visit me at Des Rosiers Design in Charlestown this Sat. 12th 10-4 for the Holiday Stroll.  I will have my portfolio, new cakes, and of course samples!, Life-size Stormtrooper Cake Giveaway, null, New cake flavor of the month : Red velvet cake with white chocolate cream cheese buttercream!  mmm mmmm, null, Our 2-page spread is now out in print.  Pick up a copy of Boston Weddings Magazine and check out our newest wedding cake designs!  Or check out my website/blog for a link to the online article.  The print version is way more fun!, Boston Magazine – On Shelves Now!, Baby Showers and First Birthdays, Two things.  One: be sure to keep an eye out for our cake pictures in the new spring/summer issue of Boston Weddings Magazine releasing this week! Two: Join us in Winthrop Center this Friday 3-5pm for the Tree Lighting Festival.  We'll have a table set up and there will be samples!, null, null, A little over a week until Boston Weddings Magazine releases their new issue with an article featuring our new cake designs!  Look for it by the end of next week : ), For a mother/grandmother who bakes, gardens and loves orchids.
with handmade sugar Cymbidium Orchids, Surprise! you’re 50!, Hello Kitty, Is that me on the cake?, New on my website: Cake of the Month!  Every month I will feature a new flavor or one of my favorite flavor combinations.  This month, Pumpkin Spice Cake paired with Cinnamon Meringue Buttercream filling.  mm mmm, null, Hyper Personalized Cakes, everything but the kitchen sink, null, Fall/Halloween cakes, null, null, Breaking news : )...remember when I said we'd have to wait till Jan to see Oakleaf Cakes featured in a 2 page spread in the Boston Weddings Magazine?  Wrong.  The magazine is now released Nov 24!!!! Mark your calendar and pick one up.  Although, you don't have to hurry because it will be on the stands to enjoy until next June., This is not my work but it's in the spirit of edible art! Just thought I should share : ) http://www.toxel.com/inspiration/2009/10/03/15-amazing-sandwich-art-creations/, Fun enough to eat!, ooo la la, You mean we can eat that?!, Sweet 16, ride the waves, Sept. 09 Elegant Cakes, Hey guys, so my new blog on my website is where I've been positing all my recent cake adventures.  So what appears as notes here is an automatic feed from my blog., Painted Cakes, Cute Penguin Alert!!, Two of my brand new wedding cake designs were part of a Boston Weddings Magazine photo shoot yesterday!  Look for my two full-page spread on the stands end of January! (long wait I know), Replica of Louis Vuitton Clutch and it's box., ooo la la, A fun birthday cake, marble cake with whipped chocolate ganache filling. My all-time favorite fililng!, 1 year old's birthday. All the sports balls are handmade and edible. This cake also came with a 'smash' cake. You know, a mini cake for the baby to stick his finger in and smash : ), A photo didn't capture the full cuteness of this cake.
This was for a girl who is a big fan of both golden retrievers and the Boston Red Sox, hence the #33 jersey., ooo la la, You mean we can eat that?!, This cake was really tricky to photograph,  I couldn't choose one best angle so I figured video would capture it best., ooo la la, A 10yr old who loves the Tinkerbell movie. Apparently Tinkerbell has like 5 other fairy friends and this one (purple girl) is the mean fairy (hence the expression on her face).
This is probably one of my most favorite cakes. I will try to post a video of it if I can get it flipped around : ), null, How a cake comes to life, Oakleaf Cakes is a member of the Winthrop Chamber of Commerce, How a cake comes to life, Fun enough to eat!, How a cake comes to life, null, You mean we can eat that?!, A couple possibilities for a couple getting married by the sea on Cape Cod., How a cake comes to life, As seen and rated on Wedding Wire, Fun enough to eat!, Happy and delicious, ooo la la, Welcome to the new fan page for Oakleaf Cakes!, You mean we can eat that?!)