List(So excited to announce our newest location in Draper Utah . We have been so well received in Park City , we had to speed up our expansion ...The best pizza in Park City is about to become the Best Pizza in all of Utah ....See you soon Draper  !!, Let's go Patriots !!!!  All stores open for your favorite pies and wings ...., It's Gameday in New England and out at our home in the west , Park City UT....... Get your favorite Gameday pizza and enjoy the playoffs !! Go Pats ......, Last Regular Season Game ! While the pats go get home field advantage during  the playoffs  , sit and enjoy a Delicious Mangia Pizza and some wings . All stores open at 11 . You can even watch the game out west at our  Park City Location. Don't forget to say hi to our Boston Boys while your there, they love talking with people on vacation from back east !, Happy New Years All ! All stores are taking orders now for this evening ! Have a great night and be safe ! See you in 2016 ., Face first , it's Friday all !!, Season Opener is finally here ! Let's go Pats ! Game night is here ! Call your local Mangia for a hot fresh Pie and some wings !, Let's get ready to raise the banner ! Football in Title-town is almost here !!! Celebrate with a Mangia Pizza !, null, We love when our owners get great feedback like this ! Dave and Ilyssa do a great job everyday and this is the stuff that makes us feel good ! Thanks Heidi !!, Hey West Roxbury , Guess who has the Freshest Salad Bar on Centre st ? WE DO .... Weekdays 11-3 all you can eat salad bar WITH a slice of our Famous Pizza Only $6.99 ......., Hey All ! Check out our New Website and Online ordering is now available (*at participating locations) on your desktop or smart phone ! Order from your Iphone or Android device . Of course you can still order by Phone and speak to one of our friendly team members ! Visit us @ Mangiapizzeria.com, A big thank you to the Easton Chamber of Commerce on celebrating our opening with a ribbon cutting today !, Hey Norton ! Want the best Dinner Deal Going ? Check This Out ! Sundays - Tuesdays ., Hey Park City ! Just got word , Carlos Mencia of Comedy Centrals "Mind of Mencia " and HBO is in the house celebrating our grand opening . He's playing 2 shows tonight in Salt Lake City  @ Wise guys Comedy Club ! Stop in and say hello to Carlos and his national opening act Francisco Duran. Grab a picture with a good friend of Mangia !, We want to thank Park City for such a warm welcome by offering $1 slices this Saturday. We invite you to join us this Saturday May 30th for our grand opening from 11-4! We will have Mayor Jack Thomas celebrating with us. We we will be doing a ribbon cutting at noon. 

Come check out what all the buzz has been about and be prepared to have a great time. We'll have other great vendors sharing the spotlight. 

Park City Brewery
Coke 

Spread the word. We look forward to seeing you Saturday. 

1300 Snow Creek Dr. Park City
(435)255-1000, null, Birthday Parties are our specialty  ! West Roxbury threw a fantastic Cars Themed Party this weekend ! Contact our GM Chris for more information . Let us make your child's special day with Mangia Pizza and Yogoteria Frozen Yogurt, Another great Article on our Park City UT Location ... Great Job Guys !!, Check us out in " Dishing Park City" thanks for the great write-up !! Our team out there is doing such a great job , We are very Proud of them . Go Team West !!, Hey Norton ! Come have dinner on our new patio ! Enjoy the Beautiful weather outside with a beautiful Pie ! Mangia......, Its Pizza Night All !!! Ovens are Hot and Ready for your orders..., Love this picture of our front door with the mountains of Park City in the reflection ! If you haven't been in yet come have a great pizza on our outdoor heated patio with a killer view ..., It's Friday ! Ovens are getting hot for your orders now ! Delivery always available ., Hey Medfield !
"Come support the MEDFIELD FOOD CUPBOARD tonight,  Wednesday April 29th! Order out from Mangia- Medfield and we will donate a portion of the proceeds to the Cupboard! 
*must mention Medfield Food Cupboard when ordering
Call 508-359-2100 to order!, Making Us Proud Back East! Showing Park City How We Do It.........., Thank God Its Friday !!  Which Btw Is Pizza Night In America !! Call your local Mangia Pizzeria for your favorite Pie !!  Park City is celebrating its first Friday Night . Come on in and say hello and experience Park City's Best Pizzeria !, null, null, Spring is in the air . Get out and let us do the cooking today! Stop by your local Mangia Location for one of our delicious Pies., null, Mangia Pizzerias new interior design of our stores .... The rollout begins ...Park City Ut., Sharon (soon to be open), Cohasset and Now West Roxbury is updated. The rest of the locations should be completed in the next few weeks..Hats off to the wonderful staff and ownership team in West Roxbury who made quick work of the transformation....... Now get in there and order a delicious Mangia Pizza..., Hey Barrington ! After this long winter the deals are back !! 50% all Pizza's and Pasta's Tuesday, Thursday, and Sunday ....., Join us tonight from 4-8PM at Mangia Neapolitan Pizzeria of Norton as we help OA DECA raise dough for their State Competition 3/12-3/14. Mangia is located at 288 East Main Street (RT 123) in Norton just over the Easton town line. 
Go OA DECA!, It's Friday which means Pizza Night ! All locations ready to make your favorite Mangia Pie !, Happy Second Birthday to our Barrington R.I. Location  . The Mcgloin/Johnston families  appreciate your continued support . Anniversary specials going on now !, Here We Grow ! Mangia is Heading West . Park City Utah we are coming to toss pies in the clean fresh mountain air . 1300 Snow Creek Drive ... Opening Mid March ., Hey holliston! Tomorrow Tuesday feb 3rd is the day to raise money for the Holliston Pantry Shelf! Order pickup or delivery tomorrow between 4-9pm and Mangia will donate a portion of proceeds! *Must mention "Holliston Pantry Shelf" when ordering! 
508-429-6200, Congrats to the Super Bowl Champs, Here we go New England , It's Finally Gameday ! All stores ready to take your Pizza and Wing orders . And to the Sea-Chickens , Remember the Pedigree of the Team and Town your Playing . Were ready for Number 4 .... Go Pats !!!, ATTENTION! Due to the projected blizzard the Holliston Pantry Shelf fundraiser will be held Tuesday February 3rd! Order out from Mangia from 4:30-9:00pm that night and we will donate a portion of the proceeds! 
Stay safe everyone!, "Hey Holliston! Don't forget to order out from Mangia THIS TUESDAY January 27th from 4:30-9:00pm! We will donate a portion of the proceeds to the HOLLISTON PANTRY SHELF! 
*when ordering mention "Holliston Pantry Shelf", Don't forget tonight at our norton location ! For a great cause ..., null, Game Day is finally here ! Get your pizza fix with the big game at your local Mangia Pizzeria ... Ask about meal deals today for the game . Let's Go Pats , Indy's Luck runs out in Foxboro ... Arizona Dreamin ........, Join us Tuesday and let's help support the kids !!, Just Arrived !! We made number 42 out of the top 100  pizzeria chains in America ! Thanks Pizza Today Magazine ., null, Hey Holliston !!
"Save the date! 
Tuesday January 27th order from Mangia from 4:30-9:00pm and we will donate a portion of the proceeds to the Holliston Pantry Shelf!
*when ordering must say "pantry shelf donation"!, Sorry we had to ! That is all from Mangia HQ tonight !, It's Gameday in New England !! Let Mangia deliver you your favorite pie and wings, while watching the Patriots dismantle the Ravens and send them back to Baltimore  ., Happy New Year All !!!!!! Everyone be safe and enjoy responsibly. See you in 2015, Game day in New England ! What's a better companion than a Mangia Pizza and some Wings ., We hope everyone had a fantastic Christmas!  You know you will  craving a pizza after you spend the day cleaning or returning gifts to the mall .... let us do the cooking tonight ., null, It's Football day here in New England .Grab a Delicious Mangia pizza while the Patriots go work on that home field advantage ...., Hey West Roxbury ! Guess who's got the Freshest Salad Bar on Centre ? You guessed it , Mangia Baby ... Available everyday . We got your back on those upcoming New Years Resolutions. :-), Big Congrats to Chris and his crew in West Roxbury ! City wide winners of Mayor Walsh's  holiday challenge ! Come meet the Mayor at our West Roxbury location Monday Evening @ 5pm . All are welcome !, Happening now at Mangia Medfield !!, null, null, Hey Mangia Peeps ! Don't forget to help out our West Roxbury Location in their quest for Christmas Window Decorating Dominance ! Keep the votes coming for GM Chris and the crew ! Here are the latest results city wide !, AFC EAST CHAMPIONS !, It's Game Day here in New England !!! Let's grab the AFC East Title Again . Enjoy it with a delicious Mangia Pizza . All stores open and ready!, Join us at The Cohasset Village Holiday Stroll this evening. Lots of Great Food , Gifts and Entertainment . Make sure to Stop by Mangia for free Pizza Samples and  Candy Canes. Don't forget to say hi to our Our owners Will and Cassie !, Let us make you that  thin crust , stone cooked Neapolitan pie you love .... call your local Mangia for pickup or delivery !!, Happening now in West Roxbury ! And at all our  other Mangia locations !, Hey All , Big Congrats to our GM Chris Silvia and the West Roxbury location on winning the Mayors Holiday Window Decoration Contest , Now Lets give our West Roxbury store the votes they need to win the city wide competition  !! Please click the link below to vote !!, null, null, null, Hey Cohasset ! Congrats on the Super Bowl Win Today at Gillette . Any member of the team gets 50% off any pizzas all weekend !!!, Hey West Roxbury !! Please vote for Mangia West Roxbury's Holiday window display . Our Elves worked extra hard this year ...We appreciate the vote !, Hey Medfield ! Come by for free hot chocolate tonight in celebration of the tree lighting . We are a few steps down from Baxter park ! See you tonight !, null, null, null, When Carlos Mencia (HBO & Comedy Central ) is in Boston , guess where he always orders pizza ! Yo know it ! Mangia baby !!, Hey don't forget Mangia's Black Friday Deal . Buy a $50 gift card get a $25 card free . Today only at your local Mangia Pizzeria !, Everyone at Mangia would like to wish everyone a  Happy Thanksgiving ! Be safe and enjoy the day with family and friends !, Hey Facebook Friends,  have we got a Black Friday Deal for you ! Buy a $50 gift card and get a $25 card free .... cant beat this deal . FRIDAY ONLY at participating locations......., Happy Thanksgiving ! Here is the Wednesday deal . All locations closed tomorrow but were back at it Friday ., Here's our amazing Tuesday deal at your local Mangia !, We appreciate it !!, It's Monday night , you know what that means ! The best deal in Pizza !, It's game day ! Grab your favorite Mangia Pizza while watching the Pats beat Detroit and move to 9-2 .... Go Pats ....., Happening now at your local Mangia Pizzeria, null, null, It's Pizza Night In America !, null, null, It's Monday !! Here is the best deal going  ..., Here is the start to our new weekday specials ! Enjoy !, Happy Halloween All . All stores are taking orders now for this evening . Let us do the cooking while you do the trick or treating... Enjoy and be safe out there tonight !, Mayor Menino was so supportive of Mangia opening our first store in Boston back in 2004 . Thank you Mr.Mayor , we will never forget how you went out of your way for us . RIP, Hey Norton ! Were starting our Weekday Specials . It's Two for Twosday , Buy Any Medium Pizza Get a Medium Cheese Free !!, South End Boston Now Open ! Call 617-247-1100 ....., It's game day ! All shops ready to make you one of our delicious Pies   .... Let's go Pats !, Hey Norton deliveries start tonight ! All other stores delivering as usual !, Check us out ..... We are proud to make the list ! Thanks Pizza Today Magazine., Hey Norton ! Officially open ... Drop in and say hello . Call orders in @ 508-285-4400, Hey Norton , Been a long time coming ! Guess who's just a week away ......, null, Pies delivered backstage to Little Big Town @ the south shore music circus ..must have been Day Drinking ... :-), Hey it's Friday , Pizza Night ......  Call in for your favorite pie . All stores till 10...how bout a Cold Smithwicks Ale in Cohasset with your pie on the Patio !! Open till 1am ....., A Fresh Tomato Pie @ Mangia Cohasset . Fri & Sat Night Late Night Menu , Open till Midnight ...., Hey Mangia Fans ! We now offer 2 distinct sauces for all Mangia pizzas . We are introducing our new RUSTIC sauce . This crushed chunky sauce is full of garlic and basil and delicious . Here's a few pics on our classic Margarita !, Mangia Pizzeria was proud to have Boston's Mayor Marty Walsh cut the ribbon for our grand opening in West Roxbury, Mangia Cohasset Opens Tonight @ 5pm ...... Slices all night . Drop in and grab a beer or wine on the patio and enjoy one of our specialty pies !, Mayor Walsh will be at MANGIA West Roxbury this Saturday @ at our Official GRAND OPENING . Come join us for food and fun . We will have a ribbon cutting @ 12:00 noon., Hey Cohasset ! Mangia is under new ownership ! Renovating now and re-opening next Friday July , 25th.... New hours and new menus being printed as well including gluten free offerings . Drop in and say hi to our new franchisee William and his crew . Open everyday @ 11 am with Cohasset's largest slice  . A full 1/4 of our massive 18" Pie .... Outdoor patio and beer and wine available !, While we wait for our new company website to go live ! Here is the new menu for West Roxbury, Mangia West Roxbury is Officially Open ! Here is our first pizza out the door "The Yawkey  Way "... white onion, pepper and sausage ...., Hey All !! Our brand new location In West Roxbury opens tonight.  Hope you stop in to see us. 1727 Centre Street, Thank You and Always Remember !, Hey Hopkinton ! For deliveries please call (508) 429-6200. We have moved to serve you better . The owners of our Holliston location are excited to service you with same standards of excellence as they do at all their locations ., It's Opening Day ! Spring is in the Air . Oh yeah and it's Friday , Pizza day All . Enjoy ........, Come by Mangia Medfield and try our new NY Hand Tossed Crust coming soon to all Mangia locations ., The weather if finally starting to break ! How about a tasty frozen yogurt ! Check out our self serve yogurt bars called Yogoteria in select Mangia locations including Medfield and coming soon to West Roxbury ., Hey Medfield! 
Come in for our weekly lunch specials:
Any 2 Slices & Drink only $5.00!
Any Sandwich & Drink only $6.99!

Weekdays and Weekends 11am-3pm! 
(508)459-2100
26 Park Street, Medfield MA, Fresh slices ready now ! Pictures courtesy of Mangia Medfield, Mangia and Yogoteria will be participating in the Girlfriend Scavenger Stroll in Medfield Thursday March 13th! 
From 6-9pm Mangia and Yogoteria will donate a portion of the proceeds to the Medfield Food Cupboard! *please mention the scavenger stroll when ordering to contribute to the donation!, Hey Holliston ! Tonight Any Large Pizza get the second Half Price......... Just ask for the facebook special !!, Hey Mangia Peeps : Do you ever think about what goes into your Pizza ? At Mangia, we think about it everyday! Did you know our All Natural Unbleached-Unbromated Clean Whole Wheat Dough, and our Artisan Breads are GMO free. Our Clean Pizza Sauce is All Natural, contains NO Preservatives  or Additives , NO High Fructose Corn Syrup, and the containers they ship to us in are BPA Free. How about Cheese ? Our Premium blended Clean Pizza Cheese  is made from 100 percent Real Dairy and is All Natural , with No binder or Anti-Caking agents. Can other pizzeria's claim this ? We doubt it ....., Hey Barrington !! March Madness Is on !!!!!  Not only are we continuing our anniversary 1/2 price Tuesdays, NOW also Wednesdays are 1/2 off for the month of March. Also Mangia Barrington has added Fresh Fish & Chips  by Chef Josh.  Come in and try , Its Delicious........., Here We Grow Again !! Mangia Restaurant Group Is Proud To Announce Our Newest Location ! West Roxbury Here We Come .... 1727 Centre Street .... Opening Mid April .... Plus More Exiting News In The Next Few Weeks Regarding A Certain Boston Celebrity Chef "Food Network & The Travel Channel" Joining Our Team as Culinary Director...... As They Say On Tv "Stay Tuned " ......., Friday is Pizza Night!! Happy Weekend All !!, Ok so the Pats aren't in the game :-( ... and we have to watch Peyton , at least do so with  your favorite Mangia Pizza .... Don't feel like driving , we will deliver it .... Enjoy the game !!!!, null, null, Mangia Has Some Exciting News Coming On A New Location in Boston !! Announcement coming soon!!, Check out today's slices specials in Medfield . Chicken Broccoli Alfredo , Buffalo Chicken , and Ma's Garden ... Any 2 slices and a coke are always just $5 bucks plus tax ., Mangia Restaurant Group is proud to announce our re-opening of our Norton location . We welcome longtime experienced operator Darren Ayotte to the team . He is committed to the town of Norton and our Brand Standards. The store is going through a quick makeover to fall in line with our other locations. We are excited to debut our fresh new look and give our customers the consistent quality and service that would be expected at any of our locations . Thanks for the many emails !, Happy Healthy All ! All locations are open regular hours tonight . All shops open at 4 pm tomorrow . Stay Safe and Happy New Year !!, Mangia would like to wish all our customers , staff, and their families a Merry Christmas !!, Just a few days left . Forget the mall's . Stop in your Local Mangia Pizzeria and grab a gift card, or just go to our website @ Eatmangiapizza.com and have a e-card sent to you instantly !, Need a great gift for the Holidays !! Mangia Gift Cards are now available on our website @ eatmangiapizza.com. We will mail them to you or you can have an e-card sent to you instantly by email ....., Free face painting @ our  Medfield  location today till 3 pm !, Grand Opening Event!
Today from 11am-4pm

26 Park Street. Medfield. MA
-50% off frozen yogurt
-$1.00 pizza slice
-Face Painting
-raffle 
(limit one yogurt and slice per customer), Even the train stops at Mangia for lunch !! Don't forget to like Mangia Medfield on Facebook to keep up on store specific specials and happenings !!, Hey Medfield ! We're Open, drop in to say Hi ! Call your orders in at 508-359-2100...., Hey Medfield !! We are just a few days away from our opening ! Cant wait for you to come in and have a slice , and try one of our 10 Frozen Yogurt flavors for dessert....See you soon!!, Miss Massachusetts lovin our Pizza at the Holliston Holiday Stroll......, Hey all , Stop by our Sharon and Cohasset location today / tonight for our Sat special . Buy any Large pizza Get a Small cheese 1/2 Price !, Mangia will be donated a portion of all proceeds from today's Holliston Holiday Stroll to the Holliston Pantry Shelf . Come visit us at the upper town hall today for Hot Slices !, Happy Thanksgiving All . We will be back at it tomorrow ! Most stores open @ 11 am., null, Sharon Pop Warner cheerleaders had a great practice and enjoyed our pizza !! Thanks for letting us hang with you ....., Hey Medfield ! We're opening Dec 3 ..... Almost ready ., Thanks again to all our Mangia peeps who voted Mangia Barrington "Best Pizza " On Hot 106's Pizza Tours Rhode Island 2013 . On Air Personalities Trey Miller and Bekah Berger were on hand to give us our plaque and hand out prizes . Thanks Hot 106 !, We Win !!!!!, Thanks to all our Mangia Peeps , WE WON !!! BEST PIZZA !!!!!, null, Hey MANGIA Peeps , Please help us and Vote for Mangia Barrington ! Click the link and cast your vote for MANGIA as HOT 106's BEST PIZZA..............watch our videos and vote at the bottom of the page...., Happy Monday All ! Slices are hot and ready to go !, Hey Holliston Fans ! In continued celebration , all panini's are $5 bucks all weekend ......., Hey Holliston ! Grand Opening special Tonight . Buy any Large Specialty Get a Medium Cheese Free. Come celebrate with us  . Mention this post when ordering , only 1 free pizza per order ....., Hey Holliston ! We are back open . Slice special: Any 2 slices and a coke $5 bucks ..... Stop in and say hi !!, Hey Holliston !! We are 1 week away from Re-Opening Under New Ownership .. Excited to exceed your expectations... See you Soon....., Memorial Day on Boston Common ! Thanks to all who protect us both past and present !, Hey Mangia Friends !! We are getting ready to print our new Spring/Summer menus. Any ideas you would like to see on it. Recipe ideas etc... let us know......., Thoughts and prayers with our fellow Bostonians and those visiting !, Happy Easter All !!  All Mangia locations are closed today so our employees who celebrate Easter can be with their families. All stores open tomorrow at 11am .. Have a great Sunday ., Thanks Wenham ! Mangia took the award unanimous . Best pizza in Wenham . Here's the scorecard ., Happy St.Patricks Day All..... Enjoy the day., Here we go ! Mangia Restaurant Group is proud to announce our newest location in Medfield Ma. Opening mid summer ......., Oscars pre-show started ! Grab some pies for your oscars party or to just accompany you on the couch :-) enjoy, eatmangiapizza.com, Our new website is live ! Check it out and let us know what you think !, We are very excited here at Mangia to announce our NEW WEBSITE will be launched in the next few days. It will be a complete interactive experience . Over the next few weeks we will be activating different parts of the new site from online ordering to mobile ordering and even a nutritional calculator .......  Stay tuned !!, School Vacation..... who wants to cook...grab a Mangia Pizza for the kids....... :-), Hot slices ready now ! At your local Mangia , come in and grab one ....., Happy Valentines Day from your local Mangia Pizzeria...., null, Barrington re-opens tomorrow, Cohasset wed (we hope if the power comes back on ) all other shops are back online....., Mangia Sharon is open at 5 tonight for all that are done cooking and shoveling and feel like your favorite Mangia Pizza. Open till 10pm ..., Happening now @ Mangia Barrington, RI., First pizza @ Mangia Barrington !! Opening Wed .... Can't Wait !, Hey Barrington !!! Ovens fired up ! Opening Wednesday ....., Thanks for the great video joey!, Mangia Wenham is Officially Open! Stop in and say hello...., Tonight's Pizza Night All......... All stores open till 10 pm .., Interested in being part of Bostons fastest growing pizza chain ? Mangia is licensing !! Contact us for more info on owning your own Mangia Neapolitan Pizzeria..., Mangia Sharon opens today @ 3pm . 
Mangia South End opens today @ noon .
All other locations are closed today., Mangia Restaurant Group would like to wish everyone a Happy New Year. We appreciate all the great customers and friends we have made along the way and are excited to make new friends in all new locations in 2013., Hey All !! If your staying in on New Years we hope a Mangia Pizza is part of your plans. Now taking pre-orders.., Wishing all our friends,family and employees a Merry Christmas . All stores open tomorrow @ 11am., Cohasset will be open 11-7 Christmas Eve !! Sorry for the prior post ....., Christmas Eve Hours.
Sharon : 11-8
Norton :11-6
Holliston :11-2
Hopkinton: 11-2
South End : 11-8
Brookline : Closed 
Cohasset : Closed, Members of the Superbowl Champion Sharon Eagles at their Pizza Celebration at Mangia Sharon ! Great job guys, You made our town proud ...., Lifetime Network filming a new Reality Show featuring Dr.Karen  Ruskin in our Sharon location today !!, Mangia Holliston is Officially Open !!!! Call your orders in @ (508) 429-6200... Or stop in and say hello !, Congrats to the Superbowl Champion Sharon Eagles ....Pizza Party is on !!!!, Congrats to the Sharon High Eagles .....and our own Mangia Sharon team member Dan Aspinwall . Super Bowl bound ... If they win Mangia Sharon will throw our hometown boys a pizza party !! Bring it home boys !!!!, null, 50 percent off gift card deal has been extended through the weekend ! Makes a great gift ($50 minimum), Remember Half Price Gift cards today at your local Mangia Pizzeria . ($50 minimum) $50 for $25 ! What Makes a better gift ! No lines ., Black Friday Gift Certificate Deal .... All day Friday, All gift certificates are 50% off (minimum $50). Come get a great holiday gift with no lines., Mangia Restaurant Group is proud to announce another new location . South Boston here we come ! Southie by the water .......details coming soon ....., Mangia South End Re-opens tomorrow ! Stop in and say hi to the crew.  So excited to be back !, Thank you Veterans for serving our country and protecting our freedom ., Nina was our 500th like , congrats on the free large pie !, Ovens are fired up and ready to bake your favorite Mangia Pie ! Stay in we will deliver it to you ......, As long as power is on , we're cooking tomorrow at your local Mangia ! Call for deliveries if you don't feel like going out ., Free lg Pizza to the person who is our 500th like ......., Our Famous Tuscany Pizza. Happening now @ Mangia Sharon...., Mangia Restaurant Group is proud to announce the Re-Opening of our South End Boston Pizzeria on Nov 1..... Cant wait to toss the best pies in the South End again and reclaim our place as best pizza of the South End (2008) by South End News....., Mangia Restaurant Group is proud to have 2 location announcements in 1 day. North Shore here we come !!  Wenham Ma. opening in December ., Mangia Restaurant Group is proud to announce our newest location! We love you Massachusetts but were heading south! Barrington Rhode Island here we come . Opening early November ., It's Seasonal Special time again...... Every Monday is Meatball Monday . Our Amazing Meatball Parm with a bag of Chips and a can of Coke is just $5.99 ........, Thanks Laura !! We appreciate the kind words!, Hey Mangia fans, Were announcing 2 new stores real soon.... North Shore here we come, and Rhode Island were on our way . Locations to be announced in the next week........., Sharon's own Caleb !! His going away gift , off to Vanderbilt University !!! Best of luck !!, Sharon square jam tonight ! Mangia served 60 pizzas tonight , hope everyone enjoyed the food and fun !!, Check us out in the Norton Mirror today!, Mangia means more choices ., What can we make you tonight !, It's a hot one ! We're keepin it cool with our original Boston Cranberry Walnut Salad .. Or try a Malibu Salad with Crisp Pears , Cranberries and Goat Cheese ., null, Check out Mangia featured in the travel section of the Boston Globe!!, Mangia Restaurant Group is proud to announce our newest location ! Holliston here we come ! Opening in September ...., We are almost at 400 likes....... who will it be ? Free pizza to 400.......help us get there..., Its a hot one out there . May we suggest a Club Med Pizza tonight or our famous Parma Sandwich with cool tomatos lettuce and thiny sliced proscuitto ......... or you can stay in the a/c and we can deliver it to you.... Happy Friday !!, HELP US GET NOMINATED FOR BEST PIZZA IN SHARON......LEAVE A COMMENT . EVERY BIT HELPS.. THANKS, Wishing all Dad's a Happy Fathers Day !!, Mangia Norton is Officially Open For Business!! Stop in and say hello and try one of our Artisan Pizza's......, Mangia Norton opens this Friday !!!, Slices at our Sharon location !, Our signature sandwich , the Mangia Muffalatta ....., Mangia Sharon Officially Opened 6 AM This Morning. Come by grab your favorite Starbucks beverage and say hi ! Slices start at 11:30., First Sharon pizza !! Oh yeah ..., Hey Sharon ! We're open on Wednesday . First pizza cooked ....., Ovens are calibrated and the first pizza at Mangia Sharon is being made., Happy Mothers  Day All ... Enjoy the day and celebrate mom !!, Mangia Sharon is a few days away from opening ! Hope everyone stops in to see our newest shop. Mangia Norton is only a few weeks out so if you folks from norton would like  a preview stop in., Hey Sharon , we are just a week away !! We know, "finally", but we promise it was worth the wait..... we will update the firm opening date here.., Its Friday Night Friends, That Means PIzza Night..... Stop In Your Local Mangia For One Of Our Yummy Artisan Pie's., Go runners !, Team Mangia, Miles for miracles ! Runners for children's hospital !! Way to go ..., Marathon slices tomorrow in Hopkinton. We start serving at 9 am.. stop by and say hello and grab a slice . we are only 2 blocks from the starting line...., only 3 away from 300 !!!!! lets see who it will be ! Free Pizza for the 300th like!!, Craig workin his oven magic in Hopkinton !!!, Oven delivery day in Sharon.... Opening soon !!, We are almost at 300 "likes"........ help us get there., It's good Friday ! How about a shrimp scampi pizza !!!! Yum, Dan "The king of the ovens in Hopkinton ", More Hopkinton team members , Tuck and Mike , making our fantastic pies !, Stop in mangia Hopkinton  and say hi to our fantastic hostesses Jill and Julie !!!!, Mangia Restaurant Group is proud to announce our South End shop is re- opening under corporate ownership . See you in July . We were voted best of South End in 2008 , let's get that title back in 2012 ., null, Mangia Hopkinton Opens This Friday Night ! Stop In And Say Hi To Us......, Hopkinton Update ! Prep is underway, we are looking at a late week soft opening.. Updates to come !, The Cohasset crew! John and jimmy, Tossin the best pies by the ocean !, Cohasset's own Jimmy !!, That's awesome ! Thanks all for helping us get to 200 ........  On to 300, WERE ALMOST AT 200 LIKES.....WHO WILL GET US THERE ????, Oven Delivery Day in Hopkinton !, Were almost ready to serve our Hopkinton friends........., Sneak Peak Of Mangia Sharon........Almost Done, MANGIA SHARON UPDATE !!!  , Mangia Restaurant Group is proud to announce STARBUCKS  COFFEE is returning to Sharon ! We will be featuring a full  line of Starbucks coffee , lattee's , cappucino's , espressos , and iced drinks. We will be open at 6 am daily with breakfast items as well .... See you soon !!, . This is Patriots country !! So to celebrate were offering today till kickoff , WITH THE PURCHASE OF ANY LARGE SPECIALTY PIZZA  get a MEDIUM CHEESE for FREE..... (toppings are additional). Go Pats !!!!!, Hey Hopkinton! Mangia Hopkinton is almost ready. All outside and interior construction is done. Getting ready to bring in the ovens! See you the end of February ! We're going to show you what real pizza is all about! Can't wait, Superbowl Here We Come !!......  Taking Pizza and Wing Orders Now..., Mangia Norton ! See You In March.., LETS GO PATS !!! Still time to get orders in before the half., Mangia would like to thank out loyal customers for your continued  support! let's make 2012 better than 2011...., Merry Christmas to all our valued customers! enjoy the day and all stores will re-open tomorrow @ 11 am...., Pats at 1 ! Get your orders for Pies and Wings in by noon in time for kickoff..., Its chilly out ! Warm up with our Tuscany Pizza., Its Friday!! Pizza Night Friends..... Soon to be in Hopkinton, Sharon and Norton........, Pats @ Philly, call your orders in now for pickup at halftime ..., It's small business Saturday! Please support your local small business this year. Shopping for the holidays or eating out, every sale helps all of us small businesses in this tough economy. We hope and strive to give better customer service than the big guys and employ local people. Happy Holidays, Everyone stuffed and done with turkey? We know we are !.... How bout a Large Pepperoni..... or any meat combo for that matter !! Its Friday ..Pizza Night All., Wishing all our loyal customers a wonderful and safe thanksgiving. We will be ready for your orders friday. All stores open at 11 am......, Great night for your favorite Mangia pizza and one of our huge salads !!, Its Pizza Night all......., Happy Veterans Day! Thank you to all Veterans for serving and protecting the Nation we call home. A special shout to our dear friend Lt. Ricardo Tubbs of the United States Navy. You are an inspiration to us all ...., Who's having Mangia for dinner tonight?, Great night for our signature pie "The Tuscany" seasoned Tomatos , pesto splash, fresh basil, chopped walnuts, asaigo, and a little bit of Pecorino Romano . Order one up and grab 2 soda's on us! Takeout only., Mangia Norton . Opening in January...., It's official !! Here we come Hopkinton ! Mangia Restaurant Group is proud to announce our newest location.. 31 main street Hopkinton center..... This year Mangia Pizza will be served at the starting line of the Boston Marathon!! Love It ....Welcome mike and his team , were glad to have you join us!, Our original store in Brookline is almost done with its renovations. Just a small facelift for the store where we started almost 10 years ago.... Hats off to Masut and his awesome team. You guys are doing a great job. Oh yes and its Friday ...Pizza Night All... :-), Mangia Restaurant Group has decided to stop contributing to tons and tons of NEW cardboard waste every year with our white mangia boxes with our printed logo.Very soon we are rolling out 100% recycled pizza boxes with our label printed in soy ink......, Stephen Lee Mercuri... We miss you !! A Mangia Team Member Forever....., Dark and Rainy day, kick back and let us do the cooking tonight......its pizza night all !!!!, Our Brookline Store is undergoing a renovation but we are still open 7 days, just excuse the paint cans and construction ., Pizza Night All........ May We Suggest A Tuscany......If you have never experienced one , you gotta give it a try......, null, Its Friday, Pizza Night...., Its Pizza Night All.... And Its Gonna Be A Rainy One. Grab One Of Our Artisan Pies ! Kick Back ,Relax, And Enjoy The Evening., Pats @ 4pm... Who's not in the mood for pizza and wings ?? Call early..., Pizza Night All.........  Enjoy, NEVER FORGET 9/11, Quincy Location Opens Monday !! 1185 Hancock St., Hope everyone enjoys the day. Today kick back , relax and say a slow good-bye to summer......., The Director Responsible For The  New Mangia TV and Print Ads Hard At Work. Nobody Better In The Business Than Steve. Check Out Gravity Productions... Been A Great Team Since 2007., null, In Todays Biz section Courtesy of the Patriot Ledger: Mangia Neapolitan Pizza franchise owner John Allen holds Mangia's signature pizza, The Tuscany, outside of his restaurant in Cohasset. The Tuscany is a sauceless pie with a base of shredded mozzarella, oven roasted tomatoes, pesto, basil, chopped walnuts, Asiago cheese, crumbled Gorgonzola, and Parmesan reggiano., Mangia Restaurant Group Is Proud To Announce Another New Location. South Boston Here We Come !! This Store Will Also Be Delivering To Our South End Customers . Old Colony Ave. See You In 3 Weeks., COHASSET, we have our power and pizza generators going so call for your delivery......, Our New Shop In QUINCY Will Be Opening On Sept 5th.... Located At 1185 Hancock St In Quincy Center. See You Soon Quincy !!, Mangia Restaurant Group Is Proud To Announce our Newest Location In NORTON MA, Located At The Shops At Red Mill Crossing.... See You In Late November........., Everyone be safe. Delivery available until closing tonight., Its Friday Night, get the pizza orders in early.......... And In  Cohasset , we deliver to the Beach Tonight !!!!, Friday night is pizza night..........let us do the cooking......, Here we grow again, another location announcement in the next few days......, Mangia Restaurant Group Is Proud To Announce Our Newest Location @ 1185 Hancock Street In Quincy !! Located in the Food Court At the Quincy  Center T station Next to Nathan's Famous Hot Dogs....... See you In @ Weeks., Getting ready to announce our newest location ........ stay tuned....., Its friday night = Pizza Night...... stop in to your nearby Mangia for one of our Delicious Pies......., We will be announcing the new location of our NEW South End location in the next few days........Stay Tuned...., Its Pizza Night............., Waiting on our 100th like....who will it be ???, still to hot to cook , let us do it for you...... With Any large specialty , get a medium cheese for 5 bucks......, Its gonna be a hot one !!! Why cook.... Let us do the cooking.....And in Cohasset we deliver to the beach...Stay cool all..., Our Counter staff in Cohasset... Amy and Gina, always happy to help with your orders.....(and trevor too).., Conte......Another Team member from Cohasset, Cohasset team member Trevor....., Try our famous BBQ Chicken Pizza.......You will love it...., Tonight at all locations... buy any x-large specialty pie , get a medium cheese for $5 bucks.........., Still looking for new pie ideas ! Best one makes the menu...send em along. If we pick yours , free t-shirt and name recognition on the menu..., New expanded menu coming soon from the canton location! 655 washington st..... next to the post office in canton center...., Mangia Cohasset just sent dinner over to  Hootie and the Blowfish frontman Darius Rucker and his crew at the south shore music circus in cohasset....we heard the show was awesome......psyched they picked us...., null, Our GM William hard at work ......., First pizza made @ the cohasset shop. Margarita with meatball..., null, Patio will be available soon......, Peter (Chara) tossin pies......., Our awesome counter girls !!!, Thanks cohasset for such a warm welcome , we are really excited to be your new choice for pie's. We will post pictures of the new shop shortly., Cohasset Location opens monday @ 11am..... Come in and meet the crew., Mangia Sharon will now offer Craft Beer's and Fine Imported and Domestic Wine's available for takeout along with our wonderful pizzas and italian specialties !!!!  Special thanks to the Sharon Board Of Selectmen for giving us this opportunity to add this great service to our valued customers. Cant wait to open , see you in august..., HUGE NEWS FROM MANGIA RESTAURANT GROUP. WE WILL BE ANNOUNCING  OUR NEW LOCATION SOON. OUR FIRST STORE OUT OF MASSACHUSETTS....... CAN YOU GUESS WHAT STATE ???? HINT.... WERE HEADING WEST., So we are looking for new interesting combinations pie's to add to our menu , send us your ideas , if it makes it on the menu we will send you a totally priceless Mangia t-shirt , and name recognition on the menu too... remember be creative..., Ok so the end of the world didn't  happen !! Grab a pizza !! Lol, Friday Means Pizza Night !!!! Stop by your neighborhood Mangia Pizzeria tonight for one of our yummy pie's...... free giveaways for our facebook friends starting soon........., Its Official !!! Mangia Restaurant Group is proud to announce our newest location in our hometown ...Sharon  here we come ..21 South Main St. Sharon Center...See you in july............., Getting ready to start work on our new commercials with our amazingly talented friends @ Gravity Productions  . Stay Tuned.!!!, Come by and visit us in, Brookline, Canton, South End Boston, Walpole... and opening this month in Cohasset Village @ 13 Depot Ct. Marshfield in July., MARSHFIELD HERE WE COME..... MANGIA RESTAURANT GROUP IS PROUD TO ANNOUNCE OUR NEWEST LOCATION AT THE NEW SHOPS AT OCEAN STREET., Our first commercial done by gravity productions back in 2008......, Getting ready to announce 3 New Locations..... Update Soon..., Check out our new photo's...., null, null, null, null, Please join us for updates , new store openings , and special offers. New shop in Cohasset Village opening May 1, 2011. Iphone app coming soon !!)