List(Friday is finally here!!! We have crispy shrimp tacos, carne asada tacos,fresh melon mojito's, and Tim's chamomile, gin infused lemonade. See you all soon!!!, Mission Cantina will be closed Sunday the 27th in observance of Easter. Hope you all have a great day, Brunch , 11:30am !!, T.G.I.F !! Tonight we have crispy Maine whole belly clam tacos, Carne Asada tacos and honeydew Melon Mojito's .Get them while they last, https://www.facebook.com/fdprn/videos/879471188828320/, If you want to try something different , come on in today for brunch . Starts at 11:30 am . Eggs , coffee , tacos , and more !, Happy Friday , tonight we have carne asada tacos , red snapper tacos , guava peach margs and blackberry mojitos .. Get em while they last !!, This guy is back on the bar tonight !!!, Happy Friday . Mahi tacos tonight , hibiscus margs , come on down and enjoy!!, Thanks to the guys at Taylor Davis and the hard working gentlemen at the Amherst water dept, we will be open tonight at 4:00 pm for normal business hours. Thanks again for the quick response and hard work !!!!, http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2016/02/29/why-working-restaurant-industry-can-hard-your-mental-health/NaqWdSHvKJtZQCoberbLjP/story.html?event=event25, Due to a water main break , mission cantina will not be open today Tuesday March 1st . We will reopen tomorrow the 2nd at 4:00 pm . Thanks, I know its Monday but I'm sure your boss won't mind if you miss work tomorrow because you celebrated National Margarita Day!!!!
http://www.nationaldaycalendar.com/national-margarita-day-february-22/, BRUNCH TODAY . 11:30 AM !!!, null, null, Mission cantina will be closed Sunday February 7th for a private function. We apologize for any inconvenience. We will be open Monday the 8th at 4:00 pm for dinner ., Happy Saturday !! Don't forget to come in and check out our weekend brunch. Starts at 11:30am today !, Happy hump day to all!!! Tonight we have two great specials.
Slow braised lamb tacos and Seared Mahi Mahi tacos . Come on down and celebrate the week being 1/2 over !!!!!, It's Sunday morning and we are here getting ready to open for brunch. We have amazing Bloody mary's, Chilaquiles, Huevos rancheros, Coffee from Rao's and so much more. Come down and check us out, BRUNCH TODAY 11:30AM START TIME !!!!! USE IT OR LOSE IT!!!!!, Happy Friday to all!!! We have  Mahi tacos tonight. Really fresh, grilled to perfection. Don't forget to come and try our new Saturday and Sunday brunch this weekend as well., null, Mission cantina will be closed Wednesday the 20th and Thursday the 21st for maintenance. We will reopen on Friday at 4:00 pm. Thanks, Do Chilaquiles, Huevos rancheros, spicy chorizo omelettes, bloody Mary's, mimosas , sound good to you????? How about some delicious Rao's coffee ??? If so , come down and eat some brunch with us today starting @ 11:30am . The games will be on the TV and the food and drink will be flowing!!!!!, Brunch !!!! 11:30am !!! Do It!!!, Do Chilaquiles, Huevos rancheros, spicy chorizo omelettes, bloody Mary's, mimosas , sound good to you????? How about some delicious Rao's coffee ??? If so , come down and eat some brunch with us today starting @ 11:30am . The games will be on the TV and the food and drink will be flowing!!!!!, null, BRUNCH BRUNCH BRUNCH BRUNCH !!! 11:30 AM TODAY!!, Happy New Years to all !!! We will be open on New Year's Day normal hours . Hope everybody has a safe and happy new year., Brunch Today @ 11:30AM!!!, Brunch today 11:30 AM., Brunch today . Do It !!!, Saturday 11:30am Sharp!, null, BRUNCH!!!!, We have eggs
We have Bloody's
We have mimosas
We have rao's coffee
We have football
We have bacon

Come on down at 11:30 and do it!!!, Lunch today !! We have Bloody's , mimosas, Huevos rancheros,Chilaquiles to name a few. Also coffee from RAO's . 11:30 am start time ., Hump Day specials:

Slow braised lamb tacos, veggie Escabeche, cotija cheese

Crispy whole belly clams, horseradish slaw and  avacado, 

Come on down and don't forget , weekend lunch starts this Saturday @ 11;30 am, ANNOUNCING MISSION CANTINA WINTER HOURS

MON-FRI DINNER SERVED FROM 4:00 PM UNTIL 10:00 PM
SAT- SUN LUNCH/BRUNCH 11:30AM UNTIL 3:30 PM DINNER STARTING @ 4:00 PM

NEW WEEKEND LUNCH/BRUNCH STARTING ON SATURDAY THE 12TH OF DECEMBER., At new city brewery all day . Come down and have some great beer , food, and music !!, Tonight's special ! Chicken tamales smothered in red sauce . Get them while they last!, Out at Kendrick on this beautiful fall day!, Great time at jazz fest Northampton !!!!!, Starting the day early at Northampton jazz fest!!! Come and see us !!!!, null, Tina at Kendrick park !!! Come and see us !!!, The band was great!!!! Check them out !!http://www.andthekidsmusic.com/, Tina down at hope and feathers . Happy 5 years !!! Come on down and join us ., Any body need used veggie oil for bio diesel? come on down and grab some, We are sad to send off one of our finest friends and co-workers . Thanks for all the great memories , hard work, and companionship! You will be missed !! Good luck with your move to the ATL , you will always have a home and a place in our hearts back east in Amherst ., Great time down in Holyoke!!, Out at abandoned building brewery ! Come on down and have some great beer and food !, http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/04/25/chefs-life-better_n_5204653.html, null, Crispy whole belly clam tacos tonight !!!! Also, taco Tina will be at fort hill brewing this upcoming Saturday from 2pm on. Live music , great beer and of course , Tacos from the truck.

http://www.forthillbrewery.com/, Happy Friday to al  l!!! We are back open so come on down !!, Happy 4th to all!!! Mission Cantina will be closed Saturday July 4th set to re-open Friday July 10th. We hope you all have a great and safe Holiday., As some of you may know, we have had to stop serving our delicious carne asada in the past week. The insane price increases, especially in the beef commodities has finally priced itself out of reach . We strive to offer a top line product at affordable prices and though we have tried , we have yet to find a suitable replacement for our grilled steak. We hope that the beef market will stabilize in the near future and will continue to keep you all posted . Thanks for the understanding 

  http://www.nbcneb.com/home/headlines/Meat-Prices-at-All-Time-High-No-Sign-Yet-of-Drop-299426561.html, Big J !! Need I say more ...., DJ TRENDS !!!, If you like music , come by tonight and watch a legend spin tunes ! DJ TRENDS is in the house for all of your pleasures ! Come and show some love for our community !, Not only do we cook .... We also rescue goats from fences .....# tomwalshgoatwhisper, Out at fort hill brewery in easthampton! Great beer , good company ! If you have time , check out the brewery on Saturday from 2:00 to 6:00 for beer , music and good times !, Just on the scene . Come join us, Hey All , Happy Saturday!! We are gearing up to take Senorita Tina down to the Abandoned Building Brewery over in Easthampton. Come check us out for some great Beer , and food

http://abandonedbuildingbrewery.com/about/, ¡ queremos desearles un buen viaje a nuestro buen amigo carlitos!, Taco Tina is out at the fair in amherst center . Stop by and have a taco on this beautiful afternoon, Headed to kendrick park !!! See you all soon. Also, we have Fish tacos on Tina now .....:-), check out the new website for Taco Tina

http://tacotina.com/, Happy cinco to all!!!!!!!!! Come on in today to help celebrate. We will have some exciting things going on throughout the day. 

"The date is observed to commemorate the Mexican army's unlikely victory over French forces at the Battle of Puebla on May 5, 1862, under the leadership of General Ignacio Zaragoza Seguín.In the United States, Cinco de Mayo is sometimes mistaken to be Mexico's Independence Day—the most important national holiday in Mexico—which is celebrated on September 16", Native whole belly clam taco plate and delicious Chicken tinga toastadas . TGIF!!, Reloaded and ready to head out to Kendrick park!!!, Just about to head out . Thanks to all the great folks down at the gym . See you guys next week !, Tina is off to central rock Hadley . See you there, We are out at Kendrick park !, Chava loves his coffee !, Out at the park ready to go!, Out on the park till 2 am, Mission cantina has a new lady friend! Her name is Tina!, Kendrick park ! Do it, null, null, Delicious Colorado lamb ! Slow braised 7 hours and perfection ! Come get em tonight !!, 11:30 pm Kendrick park . Do it!!!, 11:30 pm Kendrick park . Do it!!!, Kendrick park tonight till late !!, Happy Easter to all! We will be closed today in observance of the holiday. See you all tomorrow for lunch at 11:30 am., Finally feels a bit like spring and thankfully its Friday!!Tonight's specials ;
-Cast iron seared tuna tacos w/ cucumber horseradish cream 
-Slow braised spring Lamb tacos w/  guajillo/ tamarind sauce

Come on down and enjoy a hibiscus marg or a coconut/ pineapple mojito !, Any local artists want to help design a logo for us?? Please e-mail us with your credentials at missioncantinaamherst@gmail.com, circa 2015, Famous Mission Bartenders

http://wwlp.com/2015/03/20/sensational-spring-drinks/, 2 great specials on this Lovely Friday. The perfect way to end the week!!!
-Cast Iron seared sushi grade tuna taco plate
- Crispy duck carnitas taco plate

P.S. Jeremy is back from his adventures in the pacific northwest rested and ready. Ladies and gentlemen , eat your hearts out :-), Chicken tinga Tortas tonight , Also crispy sweet shrimp taco plate. Get em while they last!, Carnitas Tortas for lunch today!! Traditional Mexican Bolios baked by our friends over at Henion Bakery !!! Delicious, Soooo close ! Standby for further instructions :-), Cast iron seared swordfish tacos with cilantro/horseradish cream !!! Get em while they last, http://boston.eater.com/2015/2/28/8126023/michael-scelfo-publicly-lays-the-smackdown-on-entitled-alden-harlow#4162106, Lunch today 11:30 to 4:00 . Come on down, our good friends in Brooklyn . When in Rome......, null, Mission cantina bartenders gettin famous !!! 

http://wwlp.com/2015/02/20/mix-up-some-margaritas/, Grilled swordfish tacos tonight!! Come on down, Happy Valentines Day to All. Mission Cantina will be open this evening so don't let a little snow deter you from going out and having a great night!, Does anybody do bio-diesel out there. We have a ton of oil to sell so please let us know., Very Interesting read

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2015/02/10/winter-storms-wreaking-havoc-bostons-restaurant-industry/?utm_source=iContact&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=Boston+Daily&utm_content, Open today at 11:30 am hope to see you, And the snow continues to fall...... we once again will miss another monday due to snow. see you all tomorrow, Mariscos Mission style ! We know it's cold and snowy out there but we invite you to come and get a taste of summer with our grilled sushi grade tuna special tonight ! We are also lucky enough to have a very limited batch of Tröegs Nugget Nectar on tap as well . Come on in while supplies last ., Lunch today at 11:30am sharp. DO IT!!, open for business !, Mission cantina will be closed due to inclement weather. We will open for lunch on Tuesday at 11:30, Happy Sunday to all. We will be closed tonight for our Staff party. We hope to re open tomorrow so we will be keeping a close eye on the storm forecast and let you all know. Have a great Day, Mission cantina will be closed tonight and tomorrow due to the biggest snow storm ever!!! See you on Wednesday open at 11:30, Come watch the Pats smoke the colts tonight . Kickoff 6:40pm !!, A couple of our great bartenders getting famous on Mass appeal!, Game On !! Whats better than wings and football????? Tacos and football of course !! Games are on our super high tech tv's so come on in., null, Scooby snacks for cooks :-), Uncle mike grabbed us a beautiful piece of sushi grade tuna for tonight's special. Come early if you like seared tuna tacos because they won't last!, YES!, Happy new years to all!!! We will not be open today the 1st . We will reopen tomorrow at 11:30am for lunch . Hope you all hada Happy Safe new years, Don't forget to call in with your new years reservations. We will be taking reservations for party's of four or larger. Also what do you all think of a special mission cantina hangover lunch on the 1st ?? Please let us know and enjoy the rest of the holiday season!, Happy holidays to all!! We will be open for dinner tonight but we will not be offering takeout . Swing by for a bite or a drink maybe a last minute gift card., Happy holidays to you all. We will be open on December 24th for lunch and dinner for all of you who need last minute gift certificates or just some good food and drinks. We will be closed on the 25th and back open on the 26th. We wish you all a safe and wonderful holiday., Still a few orders of the grilled mahi mahi taco special. Come early!, We have a great special on this rainy cold evening. 
Grilled Mahi Mahi tacos "baja" style with avocado, chipolte crema and shredded cabbage slaw. See you all later, Morning to all! We are open for lunch today at 11:30 am . Be sure to grab a new Valley Quarterly for some great  lunch coupons!, Happy Wednesday to all!!! We are open today for lunch and dinner. We will be closed on Thursday for the holiday and will re-open on Friday at 11:30am for lunch. We hope you all have a great Holiday!!!, Yes it's happening !!! Coming soon to a street near you!, Happy Thursday !! Lunch to day at 11:30 .....Do It!!! Also we have some exciting announcements coming up here in the near future, one of which we would like to run by all of you. We are looking into starting late night food offerings for all of you who burn the midnight oil. What do you think about food till 12:30am ???? Thanks in advance for your input., Happy hump day to all!!! Lunch starts at 11:30am !! Hope to see you all, For all who know the Classics... R.I.P Big Bank Hank!!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ljUnyv5XUA8, Lunch today on this beautiful Tuesday. Starting 11:30 sharp!, Today, we here at the cantina would like to send out a special debt of gratitude to all of the service men and women who served and still serve in the U.S armed services. We thank you for you selflessness and your relentless courage helping keep America a great nation. 

" Prepare for the unknown by studying how others in the past have coped with the unforeseeable and the unpredictable."
George S. Patton, More happenings at the cantins, Lunch today in 7 minutes !!! Also don't forget, Mission Cantina now offers delivery through Delivery Express for Lunch and dinner., Lunch at 11:30 The perfect way to start the week!!, Happy dia de Los muertos!!! More fun than Halloween at the cantina, Finished !!! Yummmm, The makings of lamb barbacoa!!! Minus the pit in the ground , don't think that AFD would like that :-), Happy Halloween from all of us at the cantina, null, Lunch at 11:30 am sharp!!!! Use it or Lose it!!, What else would you do on a rainy Thursday in October, but come and see Danny and Hooper at lunch time at the cantina?  We start serving at 11:30 sharp.Also , we will be at the 3rd annual warm up the night benefit tonight so come out and support your community and neighbors

  http://chd.org/event/third-annual-warm-night/, Tonight's special using locally foraged mushrooms courtesy of our friend Adam !!, Happy hump day to all !!! Lunch starts at 11:30 AM . Stop by and say Hi !!, Lunch today at 11:30am Sharp. Come on by for a drink and a meal. Also don't forget that we now offer delivery through delivery express!!!, Lunch today starting at 11:30 am sharp., Week #3 of lunch starts today at 11:30 am. Hope to see you on this beautiful fall day., Don't forget, Mission Cantina can come to you now. Just call Delivery Express., Happy Friday. Come join us for lunch starting at 11:30 am today., Lunch starting 11:30 ... Come on by, Don't forget, we are now partnered with Delivery Express for all of your dining needs.Also, lunch started last week . Hours are Monday thru Friday 11:30 am till dinner starts at 4:00pm., We are pleased to announce delivery through delivery express.

https://www.deliveryexpress.com/mall/amherstlobby.htm, null, Lunch starts in 15 minutes ..... use it or loose it, Lunch today at 11:30 am. Do it !!, Happy Tuesday !! Lunch starts at 11:30 sharp . Come on in for a bite and a drink!, T- 20 MINUTES TILL LUNCH STARTS. SWING ON BY!!, LUNCH STARTS BACK UP TOMORROW MONDAY THE 22ND. HOURS ARE MON-FRI 11:30 TILL 4:00 WHEN DINNER STARTS. HOPE TO SEE YOU ALL SOON!, Happy Saturday to all !!! Tonight we have a delicious duck carnitas taco plate special. We ran this last night and sold them out by 7:30 so get in early., For all you Beastie fans.....,Brilliant!!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kq-VNCGBDRU, Tonight's special . Native swordfish , local corn succotash , crispy yucca need I say more !, Local tomatillos from farmer Andy !! Nothing better than local produce picked that day !!, null, null, Tonight , Irma's slow braised beef and cheese stuffed Chile relleno w/ fresh tomato sauce, rice and re fried beans....  Soooo Goood!!!!!!Also frozen Margs 100% fresh squeezed and additive free. See you all soon, null, Frozen margarita!  Get some!, Summer in effect !!! Local tomatillos from Andy up at Atkins ! Clams ! Lobster tacos . Come early, null, null, Mission is open tonight! We had a great vacation and can't wait to see you all . A preview of our baja clam special tonight !, Happy Fourth Of July to all !!! We will be closed for vacation from today (4th) until next Saturday the 12th . We hope everybody has a great and safe holiday!!!, Tonight's special . Smoked chicken taco plate ...... Come on down, Crispy Maine whole belly clam tacos tonight w/ chipotle cream and pineapple salsa!!, Salsas !!!!, Tonight's special , started at 10am!, Tonight we have slow, house  smoked pork Barbacoa tacos with a sweet and spicy BBQ sauce . See you all later, Finally spring in the valley!!!! We have Hadley asparagus tacos with oyster mushroom, toasted pepitas and cotija cheese. Come get em while they last, MISSION CANTINA WILL BE STOPPING  OUR MONDAY THROUGH FRIDAY LUNCH HOURS FOR THE SUMMER.WE PLAN ON BEGINNING LUNCH AGAIN IN SEPTEMBER. PLEASE JOIN US SEVEN DAYS A  WEEK AT 4:00PM FOR DINNER. THANKS., null, We here at the Cantina would like to give a special shout out to all the beautiful mothers out there. Thank you for being there for us and putting up with all of our grief. Happy Mothers Day!!!!!, http://www.nydailynews.com/life-style/eats/high-lime-prices-giving-bartenders-hangover-article-1.1774546, Grilled Swordfish Veracruz tonight and also Crispy chicken taquitos . Get em while they last., Lunch today starting at 11am., We are open today at 4 pm . Hope to see you tonight, Mission Cantina will be closed Sunday April 20th thru Tuesday April 22nd to refinish floors. We apologize for any inconvenience., Tonight we have Lobster Tacos with a roasted corn and bacon salsa, topped with Avocado creme. Come early if you can., Another useful bit of Info

http://www.latimes.com/business/la-fi-beef-prices-20140406,0,2966247.story#axzz2yMCDQ62H, A must read for all!!!

http://www.nytimes.com/2014/03/30/opinion/sunday/is-the-lime-an-endangered-species.html?_r=0, It has been 1 year since the passing of our brother Mike Jasmine. Today , we remember you as a son, brother, uncle, and friend. We miss seeing you every day with your quirky humor, handyman expertise and above all your kind heart and loyality. RIP Mikey and we will all salute you with a cold bud today!!, Grilled Mahi Mahi tonight served with crispy plantains, black beans, mango salsa and tomatillo sauce!, Crispy whole belly clam tacos w/ pickled veg and avocado mousse !!! come and get they won't last long, http://wwlp.com/2014/02/25/delicious-drinks-for-any-party/, http://wwlp.com/2014/02/25/wedding-week-easy-apps/, Today is the day

http://nationalmargaritaday.com/, Mission Cantina WILL BE OPEN today at 11am., http://missioncantinaamherst.com/, We will open at 11:00 today for lunch. Happy valentines day, Due to weather , the mission cantina will be closed on Thursday feb 13th. Hope to see you all tomorrow ., Slow Braised Lamb tacos tonight. get em while they last., http://firstwefeast.com/eat/kitchen-slang-101-talk-like-real-life-line-cook/, Due to snow, Mission Cantina will not be open today. See you tomorrow for lunch starting at 11:00 am, Attention:: Mission cantina will be closed on Sunday Feb 2nd for a private function. We apologize for any inconvenience. Open on Monday the 3rd for lunch at 11 am. Hope you all have a great day, Lunch starting today a 11am sharp., More Duck Carnitas tonight. Come get em while they last., Duck legs going in at 10 am for tonight's carnitas !, We have delicious specials tonight. First , we have duck carnitas tacos with mango/pineapple relish and a jalapeno and avocado cream. Also , spicy chicken tinga tacos and a new drink list. Come on down., http://missioncantinaamherst.com/, Happy Saturday. Slow braised lamb tacos tonight and a new drink menu, come on down!, Exciting day here at the Cantina. First, we start lunch at 11am so come on in and say hi to Hooper! Second, Tonight we roll out Greg's new drink list!!!!! Come on by and try some new Libations like the Guava Mojito or the Prickly pear marg or if you want something Spicy maybe the Serano marg. See you all later, http://www.viralnova.com/cook-uploads-photos/, Spicy Chicken Tinga Tacos with mango salsa . See you later tonight, http://missioncantinaamherst.com, Happy Monday!! Lunch starts at 11:00 hope to see you all later., Good work Coach Montero !!!! And thanks for all you do in the community!, Special Shout out to all the players and coaches !! Good work this season, Lamb special started at 9:00 am! Ready for you tonight . See you all later, Anybody hungry?? Come on in for lunch. Starts at 11am sharp, Lunch Today starting at 11., http://missioncantinaamherst.com/, We hope that everyone survived the storm. We will be open at 4:00 pm today. Hope to see you later., Mission Cantina will Be closed today Jan 2nd due to inclement weather. We will be open tomorrow Friday the 3rd for dinner starting at 4:00pm. Hope everybody stays warm and safe., Happy New Year to All. We will be closed today Jan 1st we hope that you all have a great start to 2014!, Lobster Tacos and Blood orange margs ....¡Feliz Año Nuevo!, Happy New Years eve. We are open today for regular business. We will be closed on Jan 1st . We hope that everybody has a Safe, happy and healthy new year!!!!!!!!, Lunch ! Do It !! Open at 11am today, Great to be back. Hope everybody had a safe and beautiful Holiday. Lunch 11am dinner 4 pm ., Last minute gift Ideas  ?? Stop by and grab a gift card. We are open today from 11am till 4pm . Happy Holidays, Mission cantina holiday hours

Mon 12/23 11am-4pm
tue  12/24 11am-6pm
wed Closed
Thur Closed
Open on friday 11am till 1 am

Have a great holiday, So we put some lamb in the oven at 10am today and just pulled it out. It is so tender that we decided to pair it with pickled veggies and cotija cheese on top of a soft corn tortilla. Come and get em while they last !!!! Happy Holidays, Slow braised  Lamb Tacos w/ pickled Veggie, cotija cheese and jalepeno/ mint cream. It goes great with a glass of red or maybe a local draft beer. Get em while they last, Mission Cantina will be open during Snowmageddon 2013. Stop on by after 4:00pm .......If you dare, Lunch Lunch Lunch !!! Today at 11:00am, Lunch today at 11:00am ., null, null, Tonight's Special:

 Pan seared Red Snapper with Crispy plantains , Black beans and mango Salsa. Come get em while they last!!!, Don't forget that its holiday party season. We can offer a variety of accommodations for your staff or office party. Please forward any inquiry's to : missioncantinaamherst@gmail.com, Good morning to all. Still looking for a local web designer to build a new website for the cantina. We are looking for somebody LOCAL not a large firm or national group. Please forward all correspondence to: missioncantinaamherst@gmail.com . Thanks in advance., keep an eye on your mailbox for the latest issue of the Valley Quarterly, There are some great coupons for lunch at the Cantina.  See you at 11, Don't let this dreary weather get you down.... come warm up with a cup of pozole and a few taco's. Lunch starts at 11:00 sharp. Dine in or Take out., http://www.upworthy.com/more-than-93-percent-of-americans-totally-want-this-to-be-legalized-and-its-not-weed-2?g=2, Happy Monday. If you are finally getting sick of Turkey sandwiches and potato cakes, come on in for lunch and a libation. We open at 11:00 am., Happy Small Business Saturday!!! It's a good idea for folks to take a break from the big box job exporters and support your local business where your friends and neighbors work.  A few small business facts


    The 23 million small businesses in America account for 54% of all U.S. sales.

    Small businesses provide 55% of all jobs and 66% of all net new jobs since the 1970s.

    The 600,000 plus franchised small businesses in the U.S. account for 40% of all retail sales and provide jobs for some 8 million people.

    The small business sector in America occupies 30-50% of all commercial space, an estimated 20-34 billion square feet.
, Lunch , Lunch , Lunch !!!!! 11:00 am today!, Happy Thanksgiving !!!! We will be closed today but re-open for lunch tomorrow at 11:00am. Hope you all have a great day!!!!, Mission Cantina will be closed on Monday November 25th. We apologize for any inconvenience., Ahhhhha  its finally Friday!!!! Braised lamb barbacoa tacos tonight, topped with cucumber/jalapeno cream and spicy pickled veg!!!! Also we have a cranberry jalapeno marg and the "maestro" marg with blood orange bitters , elderberry liquor and charcoal filtered Maestro Dobel tequila .........Delicious !!!! See you all later, Lunch Lunch Lunch !!! Today at 11:00am . Dine in or Take out!, Lunch today!!! Show starts at 11:00 am Sharp!!!, TGIF !!!! Come on in for lunch and celebrate the end of another work week!!  Maybe indulge in an adult beverage, You deserve it !!!, mission cantina is looking for a local web designer, Please forward all info to missioncantinaamherst@gmail.com. Thanks, Lunch! Do IT!!!, Tonight's special : Slow braised Lamb barbacoa taco plate , with pickled radish and jalapeno / cucumber cream. See you soon!!, If you are hungry... We are open!!, Mission is open for lunch today @ 11 AM come on by and have a bite!!, Be There!!!, YES BOSTON!! CONGRATS BOSTON RED SOX!!!!!, Red Sox , 8:00 pm tonight!!! We Have it for you!!! Be There!!, LUNCH, null, http://eatocracy.cnn.com/2013/10/15/5-ways-to-make-a-chef-hate-you/
For those who have been in the business, this will make you chuckle!, Open for lunch at 11:00 am, Dine in or take out!!!, Who's Hungry??? Come in for lunch!, Open for Lunch!!! Come on down!!, Mission cantina is open for lunch today at 11:00 . Hope to see you later, Mission Cantina is happy to announce that we will be serving lunch starting tomorrow, October 9th!  Also, don't forget that we will have the sox game on tonight so come by and see Tampa Bay take a licking!!, Happy National Taco Day!!!!

In 2012, Americans ate 4.5 billion tacos! 
That’s 490,000 miles of tacos, which could take you to the moon and back or, if you prefer, could, at 775-million pounds, equal the weight of two Empire State Buildings.

http://www.nationaltacoday.com/, null, null, Who loves Lobster??  We have Maine lobster tacos with roasted Hadley corn and Bacon and also Melted Quseo with Chorizo and chips!!! A great way to end out a long week!! See you all later, Queso fundido with spicy chorizo and beef tostatdas tonight!!  Also , Greg's local cider margarita !!, We would like to wish everybody a happy labor day and we are open today at 4pm for regular business., Tonight we have Queso Fundido w/ chorizo and roasted poblano, Also, Elote (grilled corn w/ special sauce and cotija cheese) see you later!, We have lobster tonight!!! Lobster taco plate with local corn ,jalapeno, &  smoked bacon. Also we have Pollo's braised beef  tostada's with re fried beans, pico, cheese, and crema. Come and get em while they last!, Mission Cantina is open for regular business tonight !, http://thoughtcatalog.com/2013/23-life-lessons-you-get-from-working-at-a-restaurant/, 2$ gansett tall boys and 2$ chicken toastada's all night in celebration of our 2 year anniversary., Mission Cantina is 2 years old today !!!!! We would like to thank all of our Staff and customers for supporting us over the past 24 months. Also , we would like to thank all the guys and girls who helped build the restaurant including but not limited to Mike Jasmin, Blake and Sean (Harris Contracting) Paul and the guys at Di Benedetto Electric, Tom (el Guapo) the plumber, and anybody els I've forgotten., HOUSE SMOKED BBQ  CHICKEN TOASTADAS AND BRAISED CHICKEN MOLE ENCHILADAS!!!! ALSO ICE COLD TECATE ALL NIGHT LONG!, Best reposado for the $$ Come and try some!!, null, Don't  forget , We deliver to Amherst now, Local berry and fruit season in the happy valley and Greg has some great drink specials.
 blueberry mojito
 raspberry marg
 peach and ginger white sangria 

Don't forget that we now offer delivery. Please call to inquire!, Mission Cantina will be open tonight at 4PM ..... Also we are now doing delivery to Amherst, please inquire when calling. Hope to see you all later!, ON BEHALF OF ALL THE STAFF AT MISSION CANTINA WE WOULD LIKE TO WISH EVERYONE A HAPPY AND SAFE 4TH OF JULY!!!!!!!!! WE WILL BE CLOSED FOR VACATION FROM JULY 4TH RE-OPENING ON TUESDAY JULY 9TH., Way To Go Boston Crew!!!!!!!



http://www.metro.us/boston/entertainment/2013/06/26/in-mission-cantina-a-dark-tavern-gets-a-mexican-overhaul/, Braised beef burrito's ahogado and carnitas tostadas all night long. Ice Cold Tecate too!!!! See you later!, https://www.facebook.com/pages/Amherst-Pick-Me-Ups/141874299184555?fref=ts, Mission Cantina will be closed Monday June 24th for scheduled roof repair. We apologize for any inconvenience., https://www.facebook.com/pages/KidsAfrik/200258453823?fref=ts, Al pastor 1/2 way, Al pastor !!!, On this memorial day, we at the Mission Cantina would like to thank all the men and women who have served  in the United States Armed forces. We admire your patriotism, sacrifice, dedication and commitment to keeping our democratic republic free and safe., Thanks again to Tim West for bringing us in some Hadley asparagus for tonight's vegetarian taco plate special. Also special thanks to Dave Henion at Henion bakery for baking us traditional Mexican Bollio rolls for  tonight's braised beef torta ., Mission cantina cheese blend (pre shredding) ! Free dinner for 2 for first person to name all five different cheese 's .  Good luck!, Mission Cantina Amherst is happy to announce that we are now taking reservations for parties of 6 or more. Please give us 24 hours notice to accommodate your party., 2 kitchens, two bars , open tables.. Come on down!!!, Mission Cantina added 40 new seats last night!!! New take out kitchen running with a new Bar and flexible seating. Come on down and have a look!!, HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL YOU BEAUTIFUL LADY'S OUT THERE. WE HOPE YOU ALL HAVE A SPECIAL DAY!!!, null, Back bar mission Boston !!, New Kitchen!, null, null, Gotta love spring time in the Valley. Farmer Tim West dropped by some of the first pickings of Hadley Asparagus (thanks Tim) thus inspiring this evenings vegetarian Taco special. 
Local asparagus caramelized onions and roasted mushroom taco plate dusted with cotija cheese. Also we have grilled Atlantic Swordfish Tacos Baja Style. Hope to see you all later., El Día de la Batalla de Puebla AKA Cinco de Mayo is this Sunday!!!! Come in for $2.50 Tecate and tons of free goodies. Party starts after 9:30 pm !!!!!!!!!!!!!, null, null, Today we here at the Mission Cantina morn the tragic loss of innocent life due to the unfortunate events which occurred in Boston on April 15th. We morn the loss of a seasoned restaurant colleague and offer condolences to all whom were affected by this cowardly act. To the crew of the Summer Shack, we have you in our prayers, stay strong and take care of each other. Via Con Dios!!!   , null, Fresh cuts !, Slow Braised Colorado spring Lamb tacos "Barbacoa" w/ pickled veggies, Queso Freso and salsa Rojo...... Come and get em while they last!, Come on in for some spring lamb tacos and margaritas !!! Also, we will be closed on Sunday the 31st to observe Easter. Hope everybody has a great holiday and enjoys the weather!!!, -Slow braised Lamb tacos with pickled veggies, and Tomatillo Guacamole!
-Grilled queso blanco , smokey beans, mango salsa

And $2.50 tecate all night!!, null, New kitchen almost done!, null, It is with a heavy heart that I have to announce the passing of our beloved and irreplaceable co-worker Mr Michael"Jazzy"Jasmine. Your contributions to the Mission Cantina family were of epic proportion and you will be dearly missed . My friend, brother, son, uncle and tradesman, may you rest in peace!!., null, null, Come on in out of the cold and warm up with some Tequilla!! Tonights specials:

Mexico city style quesadilla's with Oaxaca cheese, braised chicken tinga and house-made corn tortillas!!

Slow roasted Colorado lamb barbacoa taco plate with pickled veggies and Cotija cheese, null, Happy Monday everybody!!!! We are looking for a talented artist to do a large wall mural in our addition . If anybody out there is up to the task we would love to hear from you A.S.A.P Please send all correspondence to;

missioncantinaamherst@gmail.com

Thanks in advance!!, Lamb barbacoa tacos tonight with pickled onions and Cotija cheese. Also , sashimi grade tuna ceviche with mango, jalepeno and tortilla crisps. Modelo cans $2.50 all night long!!!!, Mission Cantina WILL be open tonight at 4:00pm. Hope everybody weathered the storm well and finds the day well!, null, Due to super storm "Nemo" the Mission Cantina will be closed tonight!! We hope everybody stays warm and dry and comes in for some tamales and taco's after a long day's shoveling tomorrow!, Tash & Eddie .... If you don't know , ya better ask somebody!!!!, null, Harris construction !!!! Best in the valley !!!, null, Mission Cantina will be closed tonight Feb 3rd for a staff party. We apologize for any inconvenience, Mission Cantina will be closed of Sunday Feb 3rd for a private party. We apologize for any inconvenience, null, Mission Cantina construction almost finished !!! Wondering how many people want to see lunch and late night menu., null, Señorita Alvarado Famous Beef Tamales tonight !!! and Crispy Queso Blanco with smokey black beans and mango/poblano salsa. Come on down!! Also 2.50 Lions head beer ., Lamb Barbacoa Tacos tonight.... and good local beer!!! See you all Later., Feliz año nuevo!!! Happy New Year to all!!!! Mission will be open tonight to ring in the new year and closed tomorrow . Hope everybody has a happy and healthy new year!!, Friday Specials: Huevos rancheros over corn tortilla topped with avocado !  Also , Grilled Mahi "Veracruz" style with crispy yucca, spicy tomato olive Tapenade , and citrus butter. Also $2.50 Tecate all night long!!!!!, Mission Cantina would like to extend a warm happy Holidays to all staff, friends and customers. We will be closed mon 24th and tues 25th . Happy Christmas to all!!!, Come on in tonight and catch the Patriots and Texans go at it. $2.50 Lionshead slammers all night!!!! Kick off 8:30 PM, Veggie or Beef Tamales tonight and also Slow Roasted lamb barbacoa Taco plate with pickled onion and queso fresco. Also $2.50 Tecate all night!!!!, null, null, null, null, Mission Cantina would like to extend a special amount of gratitude to all the men and women who have, and still do serve this great country in the  armed forces. Thank you for your sacrifice to keep this country a free and democratic republic!!!, Come on in tonight and see who get elected to the worst job in the country. We will have the outcome broadcasted live starting at 4:00 pm !, Chicken Tinga Tostadas and $2.50 Tecate cans ...... Come on down!!!, Mission Cantina will be closed this evening due to this mega/tropical/hurricane/hybrid/super tropical/nor easter/low pressure frankenstorm named Sandy. Please stay safe everybody and we hope to see you later in the week., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Sauteed chipolte shrimp  taco plate w/ sweet mango salsa , and $2.50 Modelo cans all night at the Cantina !!!!, FIRST DAY OF CONSTRUCTION!!!, FIRST DAY OF CONSTRUCTION!!!, null, Finally after 7 months of waiting we have our building permit!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Construction of Mission Expansion to start at 8:30 am Monday Morning!!!!!!! Things to expect:
-Expanded seating with reservations for large parties
-new kitchen dedicated to take out, delivery, and lunch
-expanded bar with draft beer
-Handicap accessible Bathrooms and dedicated women's room, Mission Cantina would like to extend a warm 100th Happy Birthday to Julia Child !!!! Having had the opportunity to meet and cook for her in Cambridge MA in the early 90's I must say she is truly one of the pioneer's of modern Gastronomy !!, Grilled native swordfish Veracruz Style, Braised chicken tamales with green sauce, and grilled local corn "elote" See you later, ******Breaking****** Greg added a local peach marg also, we just tried it and its outta control!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, Tis the season for Local abundance , best time of the year in the valley for anything locally grown, Greg has some delicious drinks tonight: Local raspberry Marg or mojito and Local blueberry spiced mojito. Also a new beer from Lefty's , Golden ale to join the I.P.A and the coffee house porter. Cheers !!!!, Tonight we have Elote (grilled local corn with queso fresco and lime) and Stewed chicken Tamales. Come and get em while they last!!!!, Beautiful specials tonight. Stewed chicken Tinga enchiladas with mole rojo. Also , seared Atlantic sea scallops, crispy yucca, smokey poblano and local corn cream (gluten free). hope to see you later, Mission Cantina will be open at 4:00 pm today!!!!!!, The Cantina will be closed July 2nd through the 10th! We hope everybody has a great 4th and we will see you on the 10th!!, The Mission Cantina will be closed July 2nd through July 9th re-opening the 10th!   We wish you all a happy and safe 4th of July!, Mission Cantina will be opening at 5:00 pm tomorrow June 28th. Also we will be on Vacation the week of July 2nd through July 9th. We would like to wish everybody a happy and safe 4th of July!!!!!!, Seared Yellow fin Tuna with crispy yucca, roasted corn and jalapeno salsa....... Served rare of course!!!! Also Greg's delicious Local strawberry Mojito, blood orange Marg's and many local beers to choose from. Hope to see you all tonight!!!!, Mission cantina will be open Monday 28th. Hope to see all of you!!!, The staff  at Mission Cantina would like to send out a special thank you to all men and women who served in armed forces and sacrificed it all to keep alive the flame of freedom and liberty!!!, Beautiful N.Atlantic grilled swordfish "veracruz" tonight and some really great local beers i.e lefty's, peoples pint, cisco brewery, and of course BBC!, Tamales tonight (green /pork  red/ beef) and Bruvado beer from Tecate Mexico for $3  !!!!!!, Tamales tonight!!!!!!!!!, null, For all whom are wondering about Tortas, They are back on the specials menu most nights! If calling in please ask if they are availiable., null, null, We here at the Cantina want to give a large shout out to our co-worker Ben for getting published again at thought catalog !!!! Congrats and if anybody wants to follow him feel free.

http://thoughtcatalog.com/2012/geraldo-rivera-blames-murder-of-trayvon-martin-on-hoodies/, As Kermit would say "Its not easy being green" but our poblano soup, our salads, our guacamole and margaritas {heavy on the lime juice) should satisfy your need to stay connected to St. Patrick's Day. Viva Saint Patrick's Battalion, they went to Mexico, tasted the food and the rest is history., We could not help ourselves!, Exciting night tonight here at the Cantina!!!! New drink menu....Come in early and be a guinea pig as John and Greg will happily trade libation for feedback!!! Also have new menu items and beautiful wild striped bass "Veracruz" special!!! See you later, Don't forget that the Cantina is open tonight !!!!, null, null, Due to the lovely weather, we here at the cantina actually had enough time to make Tamales !!! Come and get em!!, Mission is open tonight from 4pm on and big John is on the bar! New drink/tequila menu coming soon and also some new food dishes !!!! 
Esperamos ver más tarde!!!!!!!!!, Awesome sweet and spicy fried whole belly clams with mango and chipolte cream tonight. Also a great selection of local beers in 22oz including High & Mighty, Peoples Pint, Lefty's , BBC, Cisco brewery. Hope to see you later!!!!!, Don't forget that the cantina is open Monday 4-12 pm, Happy Presidents day!!!!!!, Roasted Poblano soup tonight!!! And many great local beers to choose from. See ya later !, Don't forget that the Cantina is open on Monday's at 4:00 pm, COME ON IN AND SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL BREWER!!!

HIGH AND MIGHTY (HOLYOKE)
PEOPLES PINT (GREENFIELD)
LEFTY'S (GREENFIELD)
WACHUSETT (WESTMINSTER)
CISCO BREWERY (NANTUCKET)
BERKSHIRE BREWING ( DEERFIELD), Don't forget that the Cantina is now open Monday's. Come on by and see us tonight!, Mission Cantina will be closed tonight, sunday the 5th for a private function. Don't forget that we are open on Mondays from 4-12 for food and libation. GO PATS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, This coming Sunday Feb 5th the Cantina will be closed.
Look forward to seeing you Monday onwards., http://www.masslive.com/entertainment/index.ssf/2012/02/restaurant_review_mission_cant.html, http://www.valleyadvocate.com/ballot/index.cfm?pid=58, Tonight marks the first night we are opened on Mondays going forward.            
We are now open seven days a week currently doing dining in and takeout from 4pm., Tonight's specials:  Roasted Poblano soup w/ fresh cream, toasted Pepita, and pomegranate : Pan Roasted 1/2 chicken w/mole poblano, rice and re-fried beans. Also great drink and local beer specials.....Hope to see you later., This coming Monday January 30th the Mission Cantina will be open seven days a week from 4pm onwards. Yes, now open Mondays!!! 
Hope to see you., Great drink specials tonight:  Tecate Michelada (spicy beer cocktail) Ruby red margarita and of course a great selection of Mass and Local beers in 22oz. Also we are featuring Stewed chicken enchiladas with mole poblano ........  Muy delicioso. Venga y y calentarse con nosotros!!, Fantastic Announcement!!!! 
This coming Monday January 30th the Mission Cantina will be open seven days a week from 4pm onwards.  Yes, now open Mondays!!! 
Hope to see you and thank you for your support and custom., Almost on the ground P.V. Jalisco Mexico!!, null, Dude, whats that white stuff?, Featured Beers:
Peoples Pint Oatmeal Stout
Lefty's Coffee Porter
Offshore East Chop Ale
Offshore Menemsha Pale Ale
Green Flash IPA, Tebow on the telly, tacos in the belly. We are here for you friends!, Organic Chicken Mole and Beef Tamales Red Sauce !!!! Come And Get Em, Happy Three Kings Day!

Tonight's food special is Organic Chicken Mole.

Featured 22oz Beers:
Lefty’s IPA, Coffee Porter and Irish Stout
The Peoples Pint Oatmeal Stout and Farmer Brown
Victory’s Helios Ale
Cisco’s Santa’s Beered, Chicken Tamales and pozole rojo tonight!!!, This weekend the Mission Cantina will be open Saturday and Sunday nights as usual to help celebrate the New Year and any post football cravings. 
Thank you for all your custom this year and we look forward to seeing you in the new one.                           Feliz Año Nuevo!, Ven y conseguir algunos pollo mole esta noche!!!!!! Organic chicken Mole tonight  !!!!!! YUM !!!!!, Mexican food and Margaritas go prefect with gametime or 
if you have no interest in football take a break from that christmas shopping. Always glad to see you., Tamales and Chicken Mole' tonight!!!!! . Also two great seasonal beers, Peoples Pint "slippery slope" and BBC "cabin fever" support your local brewery's!!!!, http://www.missionamherst.com/, Pan roasted Organic Vermont chicken Mole with rice and re-fried beans made with Laurie's smuggled Mole fresh from Mexico!!!!! Also Braised chicken tamales/red sauce, TAMALES TONIGHT!!!!!!!!! CARNITAS GREEN< BRAISED CHICKEN RED!!!!!! COME AND GET EM!!!!, null, Tired of turkey?, Come on in and see the Pats smoke the Jets tonight!!!! 8:20 Kickoff, Great Specials tonight!!!! Monica's famous chicken Tamales (green) and Carnitas Tamales (green). Also Grilled Dorado (mahi) Tacos, with mango, and chipolte cream. Try our individual Kah tequila and take home the mini skull bottle ! See you tonight, The Cantina is happy to see all our great customers again., The Cantina will be open for regular business Friday November 4th., The Cantina will be close this Thursday November 3rd due to lack of electricity., The Cantina will be close Tuesday November 1st due to storm related issues.    Come on electricity gods!, The Cantina is closed Sunday October 30th. Thanks snow gods!, Come on down and check our nightly specials!!! Chicken tamales wit green sauces, braised beef tamales w/ red sauce, grilled swordfish tacos with mango salsa!!!!!!!, Come on in and check out our new small batch Mezcal's .... Really good and super rare!!!
Sombra - Oaxaca
La Puritita" Joven"- Oaxaca
Pierde Almas Espadin "lost Souls" Oaxaca
Los Amantes "Joven" - Oaxaca, A donde fueres, haz lo que vieres/Allá donde fueres, haz lo que vieres

Come on in and try some Tequilla!!! "When in Rome", Take a look at our newest menu!, Check out our newest drinks menu!, Come on in and try the scorpion mezcal!!!!!!
"para todo mal, mezcal, y para todo bien también", Mission Cantina will be closed on Sunday august 28th due to Irene. Hope to see you all on Tuesday., null, null, Hello Cantina. 
Hello Amherst., The Mission Cantina is now scheduled to open Friday July 29th at 4pm. Look forward to seeing you., null, The Cantina passed a major milestone on Friday. We passed the fire and building inspections. Only the health board left and we will be cleared to open. Looking forward to finally bringing in Inventory and opening!!!!!!!, The best part of building a restaurant is learning how to build!!!!!!!! Special thanks to Blake, Steve,Mike J, , Sean the yardmon, Tommy, Kenny, Michael(toms brother) Paul (electrician), Copper works, Mick Spence,and anybody else whom we forgot!!!!, null, null, null, Mission Cantina Amherst is nearly ready to go. 
You can follow us here to for an announcement of a definite opening date.
Thank you for you patience and we look forward to seeing you soon.)