List(The "V Team" is looking to expand!!!  Calling all Experienced Banquet servers, Bartenders and Restaurant Hostesses!  If you enjoy working in a  fast paced, fine dining environment with a team of professionals then we want to talk to you!   Successful candidates must have the ability to work nights, weekends and and some holidays, daytimes are a plus!  Experience, professional appearance and a positive attitude are required!  Apply in person   20 Ericsson Street, Boston, MA ( Neponset Cirlce, Dorchester) or call 617-436-3120 ., Hello Venezia Facebook friends!!  Please vote for one of our original banquet team members😄!  She's an amazing lady! We here at the V would love to see her win this!  Thank you!!, Newly Engaged or know someone who is?  Venezia Waterfront Ballroom is Boston's Premier Waterfront Wedding Destination!  Call today to schedule your personal tour and let us show you how we can make your Wedding-Day dreams come true! 617-436-3120., Happy New Year!!  Team V is getting ready for a great nite!! 😄🎉, Come on Down!, Getting festive over here at the Venezia! Stop by today for lunch, dinner or a drink! We'll be selling gift cards at the front door today through Thursday!!, Have you heard? Tom Pitman is here tonight! Delicious food, great drinks, and amazing entertainment! Where else, but Venezia on the water :), Holiday cheer here at the Venezia! Stop by today and purchase a gift card, or enjoy lunch with a beautiful view!, Be sure to stop by anytime this weekend to pick up a gift card for that special someone! Venezia and Boston Winery gift cards make the perfect gift!, We're offering two ways to ring in 2016 at the Venezia! Make a reservation in our dining room where chef Peter Palumbo has created a magnificent menu for this special evening. Or join us in our Grand Ballroom for a spectacular event! See details below!, We made the top 10!!, Happy Monday folks! We have some very exciting news- we're hosting a New Years Eve Spectacular in our Grand Ballroom this year!! Call us today with any questions, tickets are running out fast!, Happy Holidays to all of our loyal Venezia guests! 

Are you ready for the holiday season? It's time to book your holiday party! Did you know our friends over at the Boston Winery do wine tastings daily? Begin at the Winery where they offer some of Boston's most elegant wines, and top it off with us at Venezia for dinner with a view. We have private dining spaces available for parties of 50-100 people, as well as in our Grand Ballroom for up to 350 guests. We even welcome you to join us in our dining room for dinner for two!

Venezia Restaurant Boston and Boston Winery Gift cards make the perfect gift for friends, family, teachers, and even the mailman!

Call us today to order a giftcard, or book a reservation! Also, don't forget to ask us about our New Years Eve Spectacular!
617-436-3120

Wishing you a wonderful Holiday Season,
Team "V', The things that catch our attention here at the Venezia! We've been watching this fireboat for 20 minutes now! Never a dull moment!, Happy Veterans Day to all of those who have served our country!

From all of us here at the Venezia,
Team 'V', Who doesn't love personalized jewelry? It's a nice touch for both men and women's Christmas gifts and bridal party gifts galore! Check out this article from one of our favorite wedding blogs; Ruffled, What a beautiful photo captured last night during the MS dinner program. Thank you to all who joined us!, Our friends over at the Boston Winery are open for wine tastings tonight, and they'll be open again tomorrow morning for Boston Wine School. 

Taste Off: France vs Italy. You don't want to miss this!, Can you imagine this being the backdrop for your wedding photos? It can be! Come by the Venezia for a tour!, Chef's Fall Scallop Dish! Talk about yummmmyyy!, At t he South Shore Bridal show with Rob Peters DiFazio and Baltizaar, come say hi!!, Throwback Thursday! We love pictures by the gazebo!, Some great photos from last night's Fall Fundraiser hosted by City Councilor Michael Flaherty!, Thank you Boston Magazine for the tip! We love this idea, and will definitely share it with our future couples!! #BostonMagazine, Yes, you heard us right. The new fall menu is here, and more importantly we have added new desserts as well! The Coconut Crème Caramel, everyone. Yummmmm, So happy Mother Nature is pulling herself together in time for Jillian and Davids wedding festivites. It's going to be a great night!   BEST of luck, health and happiness to you always!!!  Team "V"...., It was a pleasure having Carlos Arredondo as our celebrity chef last night at the Men Of Boston Cook For Women's Health Event! #MOB2015, Thanks MOB for the mention! We will see you all tonight at the Men of Boston cook for Women's Health Event!, Tomorrow we'll be at #MenOfBoston supporting women's health! Will you join us? #MOB, Simply amazing! Thank you Jenee Cook Photography for tagging us- this is a wonderful shot!, There's nothing fresher than new food choices! We're excited to announce that today we are rolling out with the new fall menu. Stay tuned for some pictures of our featured items 🍴, Beautiful sunrise this morning in Port Norfolk. Happy Sunday folks., Proud to be hosting Carolyn and Jon's special night, best of luck, health and happiness to you always!  Thanks for allowing us to be part of your happily-ever-after!  Team 'V"..., Fabulous day for a wedding, Cheers to Morgan and Cliff!!  Wishing you the best of everything life has to offer!  Team "V"..., Fall Newsletter! 

We hope to see you soon, Team 'V', null, How incredibly breathtaking is this photo? I think someone has a future in photography if you ask me!! 

Thank you to a special guest of ours that captured this beauty a few weeks ago! 

If you have a picture you've taken here at the Venezia and you would like a chance to have it featured on one of our sites- just tag us!, A Huge Congrats to Nicole and Patrick on their wedding today!!! Best of luck, health and happiness!  Team "V"..., Another busy weekend of celebrations!  Congrats to Janine and Brian on their wedding tonight.  Wishing you the best of everything for the future!  Team "V"...., A very special collection! This police car is from 1929! 

Be sure to check out our Instagram page for more exclusive photos Ike this one! @VeneziaBoston, We can't believe It's still in the 80's this week! You know what that means though- more time on our back deck :), It's a fabulous day for celebrations!  This morning we hosted a couple of Bridal Showers and tonight we have the pleasure of hosting a lovely wedding celebration. Best of luck to all the couples and thank you for allowing us to be part of your special celebrations!  Team "V", Grab a cocktail and a bite to eat with us on our back deck, while we soak up these last few weeks of beautiful weather!, A huge congrats to Marie and Neil on their wedding tonight.   Best of luck, health and happiness to you!   Team "V"..., Our Twitter account has been revamped! Just in time for the holiday weekend. If you aren't sure what to do this weekend- follow us, we'll give you updates on some great ideas! Maybe plans that even include a view of the beautiful Boston skyline!! 

Find us at @Venezia_Boston 

-Team 'V', What a perfect night for a wedding!  Congrats to Layla and Jules on their wedding tonight!  Thanks so much for celebrating with us!

Team "V".., Thank you Dine Out Boston for the mention! 

Talk about a tasty midweek treat! This is our amazing Lobster and Scallop Martini. Join us for lunch or dinner, we can't wait to see you!

-Team "V", The Celebrations continue with tonight's fabulous duo!  Congrats to Maura and Jonathan on their wedding tonight, we wish you all the very best for the future!  Team "V"..   :), Ok, a brief refreshing "sprinkle" and now the sun is shining and all is well and just in time for Valerie and Jason's wedding tonight!  Best of luck, health and happiness to you both, thanks for celebrating your special day with us!  Team "V"..., Join us tonight, all day tomorrow & starting again on Sunday for Restaurant week! You can choose from a specially designed 3-course menu for a fixed price, at lunch and dinner!

This is one of our featured dessert specials- Mango Bourbon Torte, it's a perfect light and fluffy summer treat!

Call 617-436-3120 to make reservations! We look forward to seeing you!, It's a wedding double-header today!   This morning we had the pleasure of hosting Judith and Lenny, and tonight we have Cindy and Brendan.   We wish you all the very best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Team "V"...., It may be raining, but it's a perfect day to watch the ducks swim by in Dorchester Bay. Where else but the Venezia? Come join us today!, We also have the nicest couple celebrating their "Post Reception" tonight. Congrats to Kayla and Matt on their wedding earlier this month down in Mexico.  Thanks for bringing the celebration back to Boston and sharing it with us!  Best of luck, health and happiness!  Team "V"..., Happy Friday "V" Nation!  We have K G Express playing your favorite dance tunes in the lounge tonight!  Come on down for a nice dinner, some drinks and enjoy the view!!, It's another busy day here at the "V"..  We're starting with a couple of Restaurant events this morning, followed by anther wedding Tonight!!  Congrats to Elizabeth and Robert, Best Wishes for the future!  Team "V:".., What a fabulous Saturday down on the water!  Perfect for a wedding or two!  Congrats to Merlisha and Christopher this morning and Lisa and Duka tonight!  Thanks for celebrating with us, wishing you all the best!  Team "V"...., Congrats to Christine and Michael on their wedding tonight!  Wishing you the Best of luck!  Team "V"., Happy Friday "V" Nation!  Tom Pittman is playing the lounge this weekend, come on down for a nice dinner and some cool cocktails! We'll be offering outside dining in the side deck tonight too!, Let the fireworks fly for Theresa and Joe as they celebrate their wedding tonight!!!   Best of luck, health and happiness!  Team "V".., It's a beautiful day here at the Venezia! Come join us for lunch outside to enjoy this view!!, It's been a busy weekend of celebrations. Friday we celebrated Michelle and Chris, Saturday we had the pleasure of hosting Christina and Mark,  and today we have Sotiria and George!  Best of luck to all and thanks so much for allowing us to be part of your special day!   Team "V"...., Enjoying a tequila Cosmo while waiting out the tornado warnings😜, It's a Wedding double-header today.. Congrats to Barbara and Chris AND Laura and James on their weddings today!  We wish you all the very best for the future.  Thanks for allowing us to be part of your celebrations!  Team "V"..., Another Great Day and another Great Couple!  Congrats to Caitlin and Frankie on their wedding tonight!!  Wishing you the very best!
Thanks for celebrating with us!  Team "V"...., Congrats to our new neighbors Boston Harbor Distillery!!  Best of luck!!, Tonight we celebrate with another fabulous couple, Cheers to Carolyn and Kevin on their wedding!  Best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Team "V"..., It's a busy day of celebrations, and tonight we cap it off with a fabulous wedding!  Congrats to Bridget and Brian on their wedding tonight, we wish you the best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Thanks for celebrating with us!  Team "V"....., What an amazing day on the water today, just perfect for a Wedding! Congrats to Dunia and Dino on their wedding tonight, we wish you the very best for the future!  Team "V"....., A HUGE congrats to our very own VITO on his graduation today!!!  
((HUGS)), Another great day for a wedding!  Congrats to Angie and Richard on their wedding today!!!  Best of luck, health and happiness for the future!!  Team "V"...., Wow, what a day!  We had the pleasure of hosting not just one happy couple, but two!  Yep, a double wedding for two sisters!  Congrats to Lara and Jeremias AND Aida and William, we wish you all the very best of everything for the future!  Thanks for allowing us to be part of your special day!   Team "V"..., SOOO many celebrations today here at the "V", but one more to go!  A Huge Congrats to Marissa and Edward on their wedding tonight!  We wish you the best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Team "V"..., null, Well Mother Nature has finally pulled herself together and just in time for a fabulous couple!  Hard to believe, but today's the day!  Laura and James wedding day!   We wish you both the very best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Thanks for celebrating with us.. Team "V"...., Thought this little guy was a Puffin?  Anyone know?  Possibly tufted Duck?, Some shots from last nights wedding open house, Wedding open house tonight!! Thank you to all our amazing vendors!! Should be a great night!, Happy St. Patrick's Day from the "V"....come by and try our Shamrock Shake, Green Apple Martini or Pistachio Martini!! Yummy!!, Happy Anniversary to Christina and Shankha on their 5th Wedding Anniversary today!  Thank you for not only allowing us to celebrate your big day back then, but  for returning every year to relive the day!  We wish you Many, Many more happy returns!  (Hugs)  Team "V", A Huge congrats to Susan and Richard on their Post Nuptuals tonight, we wish you the best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Team "V", Happy Women's Day & Happy 15th Anniversary Donne 2000!!, This weekend the "V" is featuring Passions in the lounge, come on down and stay a while!, Recently Engaged or know someone who is?   Be sure to tell them that the Venezia Waterfront Ballroom is hosting it's annual Wedding Open House on Tuesday, March 31, 2015 6-8 pm!  Call now for your complimentary ticket because space is limited!  617-436-3120 ex 301!, Happy Valentines Day "V" Nation!   Tonight we are celebrating one of our own.  A HUGE congrats to Katie and Chris on their wedding tonight!!  We wish you the very best of luck, health and happiness for the future!!!   :), Thanks to all our wonderful diners for voting!!, Congrats to the "V" Team on winning the Wedding wire couples choice award again!!   You guys just rock!, It may be a frosty day on the water, but it's still a great day for a wedding! A huge congrats to Christen and David on their wedding today, we wish you the best of luck, health and happiness always!  Team "V"..., And the last Celebration of the year is..... Kristin's and Daniel's Wedding!!   We wish you the very best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Thanks  for allowing us to be part of your special Day!
Happy New Year!
Team "V".., Today's the last day to share your review and possibly win!  Good luck!, Wow, can't believe 2014 is coming to a close..  We would like to thank you all for allowing us to be part of all your special celebrations this past year, big and small.  Wishing you all a Very Happy, Healthy, and Prosperous New Year!!!  Please drive safely!!, Just a reminder that the "V" will be open for gift cards sales only on Wednesday, December 24th from 10 am-4 pm. The kitchen and dining room will be closed on the 24th and the 25th  so that the staff can enjoy the Holiday with their families!  Wishing you all a Happy Holiday Season!, Happy Holidays "V" Nation!!  We've been so busy with celebrations that we've neglected to post!

While you're out shopping, don't forget to swing by the "V" and Boston Winery for your gift cards, baskets and of course wine for your holiday festivities!  The "V" will be here for Gift Card sales Today 10:00 am till 11:00 pm, , Sunday from 2:00 pm -10:00 pm, Monday and Tuesday from 10:00 am till 9:00 pm and Wednesday (for gift cards only) from 10:00 am till 4:00 pm.  They're the perfect gift for everyone on your list!

Be sure to stop in for some dinner and drinks tonight and maybe a little dancing in the lounge!  The wrapping can wait, even Santa needs a break! :), Venezia wedding couples/parents now is a great time to review us on wedding wire.com and be entered into their $1000.00 Amazon gift card giveaway!   Good luck!, Happy Halloween to all our "V" Nation Goblins!  Please Drive safely!, So saddened to hear about the passing of our beloved Mayor Thomas Menino.  Our thoughts and prayers are with his wife and family.  Thank you  Mayor for all your years of service and May you Rest in Peace., What an amazing (Dry) fall day down on the water today!!  The "V" Team is happy to welcome tonight's fabulous Duo, Lauren and Patrick!   We wish you the best of luck, health and happiness always, thanks for celebrating with us!  Team "V"....., I really hate to repeat a post from last week, so hopefully Mother Nature will pull herself together!  A Huge Congrats going out to Meghan and John on their wedding today!!!  Best of luck, health and Happiness to you always!   Team "V"..., Rain, Rain, go away cause today is Ashley and Giuseppe's wedding Day!  Best of luck, health and happiness to you always!   Team "V".., Police Commissioner Bill Evans serving up some delicious lobster bisque as Venezia Restaurant Boston celebrity chef!!, Entertainment update for the lounge tonight:   The fabulous Damien from Soundz Unique will be on-site!  Come on down, have a little dinner and some cocktails..  It's a perfect night for dinner on the water!, September 27th?  Who knew?  Absolutely fabulous day on the water today.  Congrats to tonight's couple, Lynn and Wayne.  Thanks for celebrating your special day with us!  Team "V"......, One More to go for this weekend!  They may be last, but definitely not least,  A huge Congrats to Tracy and Eddy on their wedding today!  Best of luck, health and happiness to you always!   Team "V"..., Busy day of Celebrations here at the "V" today!  First up we have Takreem and Ben Celebrating their Wedding this morning, followed by Danielle and Michael who will celebrate theirs this evening!!  We wish you all the very best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Team "V"..., After all these years, (11 to be exact!) today is finally "The Day"...Siobhan and Ron's wedding day!!!  We wish you the very best of luck, health and happiness always!   Thanks for allowing us to be part of your special day!  Team "V"..., Getting ready for all the brides at the south shore wedding showcase at the Quincy Marriott. Stop in and say Hi!, Getting ready for round two!  Katelyn and Jaret will be celebrating their wedding tonight!  Best of luck, health and happiness always!   Team "V".....  and John Zucco will be in the house!!!, It's a super busy Saturday here at the "V"...Lots of celebrations today.. First up we have the Hines Anniversary and the Lopez Birthday celebrations in the Restaurant as well as the Du/McFadden Wedding in the Ballroom.. We wish you all the very best and thank you for allowing us to be part of your special celebrations!   Team "V"., What a great day on the water!!  Just perfect for a wedding!  Congrats to Whitney and Andy on their wedding tonight, best of luck, health and happiness to you always... Team "V"...., We also want to offer a huge congrats to Christina and David on their wedding tonight, looks like a great night ahead!  Best of luck, health and happiness to you always. Thanks for celebrating with us!   Team "V".., Opps, Entertainment update for tonight is a fan-Fav,  Damien from Soundz Unique will be providing your dance music tonight, come on down and say hello!  :), Preparing for a Corporate 50th Anniversary Celebration this evening.. It's gonna be a great night!, WOW, December 14, 2011 they booked the "V" for their special day, I can't believe it's today!!  But man-o-man, will it be worth the wait!  A special CONGRATS to Fortunata and Alessandro on their wedding tonight.. We wish you the very best of luck, health and happiness for the future!!  (we'll miss you!)  Team "V"..., Tonight we wish the very best of luck, health and happiness to Megan and Darrell as they celebrate their wedding reception tonight!   Team "V"..., The Band "Passions" will be providing your entertainment all weekend in the lounge, come on by and say hello!, Soundz Unique will be playing the lounge tonight, come on down!, It's hard to believe, but today's the day, Vanessa and Paolos  Wedding Day!  Best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Team "V", Entertainment update:   Tonight we have the band KG Express Playing the lounge this evening, come on down..., Rain, Rain, go away cause tonight's Jamie and James wedding day!  We wish you the best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Team "V", Congrats to Kim and Neil as they celebrate their special night tonight!   We wish you the best of luck, health and happiness always!  Team "V"..., Back by popular demand, Damien with Soundz Unique will be providing your boogie-woogie tunes in the lounge this evening.  Great night for Dinner on the patio, come on by..., The Celebrations continue.. Today we have  The Stuto Family Celebration in the Restaurant, followed by Isilda and Marc's Wedding Celebration this evening in the Ballroom!   We wish you all the very best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Thanks for celebrating with us..Team "V"...., Tonight we have the pleasure of Hosting Melissa and Joseph's wedding celebration!!  We wish you the best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Team "V"...., Busy event day here at the "V". This morning we celebrated a shower in the restaurant and a 50th Anniversary in the ballroom, A HUGE congrats to Mr. & Mrs. Habermas  on such a wonderful milestone! We wish you many happy returns!, Passions Playing the lounge, come on down!, Damien from Soundz Unique is Spinning em' in the lounge tonight, come on by...., We are super excited for tonight's fabulous couple!!  The New Mr. & Mrs. Venezia!  No relation of course, just a fabulous coincidence! Congrats to Therese and Steven, we wish you the very best of luck, health and happiness for the future.  Thanks for celebrating with us.  TEAM "V"... :), Today's the day.... Best of luck to Lily and Dennis on their wedding today!  Thanks for celebrating with us!  Team "V"..., Please be advised that although we are here to celebrate a wedding, the Restaurant and Lounge are closed today for the 4th of July Holiday!  Re-opening tomorrow for dinner at 5:00 pm!, Happy Soggy 4th "V" Nation!
The weather may be a bit of a "wash-out" for all the other 4th of July festivities, but the sparks are still flying here at the "V"!  Tonight we have the honor of hosting Tara and Matt's Wedding celebration!    Remember, a "wet-knot" is harder to untie!   Best of luck, health and happiness always!  Team "V"..., We know it's only Thursday, but we're starting the weekend early with tonight's fabulous duo!  Congrats to Caitlin and Daniel on their wedding tonight!  We wish the  best of luck, health and happiness for he future!  Thanks for Celebrating with us!   Team "V".., So another busy Saturday on tap here at the "V" with a wedding double-header!   This Morning we have John and Bill celebrating their vows, followed by Jillian and William this evening!  We wish both couples the very best of luck, health and happiness for the future!   Thanks for allowing us to be part of your special Day! Team "V".., Today we had an extra special celebration, our very own Luisa and Ralph, celebrated their 50th Wedding Anniversary!!!  Congrats Mr.  & Mrs.  B.  We wish you many, many more!  Your "V" Team...((Hugs)), Busy weekend of celebrations.. Showers, family gatherings, and Weddings!.We had Colleen and Howard as well as Melissa and Steve celebrating their weddings with us yesterday. CONGRATS TO ALL!!!  Thanks for celebrating with us..Team "V".., So thankful that Mother Nature pulled it together for tonight's Fab Duo!  A Huge Congrats to Sherilyn and Matt on their wedding tonight, we truly wish you the best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  And for their 4-legged baby-girl, Keep that tail a waggin' Sadie and enjoy your new family!  Team "V"..., Geesh, Saturday already?  Soundz Unique will be playing the lounge tonight, come on down!, What a fabulous day for a wedding!!!  And a FABULOUS wedding it shall be!!!   A HUGE Congrats to Andrea and Joseph on their wedding tonight, we wish you the very best of luck, health and happiness for the future!!  Team "V"..., Tonight we have not just the honor, but also the pleasure of celebrating Melissa and Marks wedding Reception!  Special welcome to those traveling in from Ireland to help them celebrate!  We wish the happy couple the very best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Team "V"..., Happy Friday "V" Nation...

This weekend the entertainment for the lounge will be the one and only DJ Heather Blaze.. Come on down.., Another full day of festivities!  Today was a full of graduation and wedding shower celebrations, and this evening Val and Costa will be celebrating their Wedding Reception!!   Congrats to all, we wish you the very best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Team "V"..., Full day of Celebrations here at "V".. 
This morning we have Susan and Loreto, who are celebrating their 50th Wedding Anniversary!!  (Amazing!) We also have a special Shower taking place in the Restaurant,( but sshhh, it's a surprise!) This evening we have the pleasure of hosting a fabulous duo, Christina and Joseph, who will be celebrating their Wedding Reception!!  Congrats to all and thank you for celebrating with us!  Team "V"..., We just want to let you all know that the "V" will be closed all day/eve on Monday in observance of Memorial Day. Thanks Again to all our Vet's for all they did/do for our Country.. Have a happy, safe weekend and please drive safely!, And Last but certainly not least for this weekend is Skye and Corey whos wedding we will be celebrating in just a short time later today. We wish you the best of luck, health and happiness for the future and thank you for celebrating with us!  Team "V"...., Although "Prom-a-Day-May" continues during the week, the weekends are made for weddings!  A Huge Congrats to today's fabulous duo  Nancy and Bart.  We wish you the best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Team "V".., As we begin this holiday weekend full of festivities, we would like to take a moment to offer our sincere thanks to those who made it possible.  To all of our Vet's; past, present and future, WE SALUTE YOU and thank you for your service to our Great Nation!!  We wish everyone a very happy and  safe Memorial Day Weekend!, And thank you Mother Nature for the huge rally today!  And Congrats to Jackie and Sean on their wedding tonight..You Guys were great and we wish you the best of luck, health and happiness for the future!, A special thanks to all the "V" Team for giving up their day to he here for all of our guests! As always, you rock!, A very Happy Mothers Day to all the Moms, Grandmas, step Moms, Adoptive Mom, Foster Moms, Godmas, like a Mom, about to be a mom and should be a mom out there..Today is for you, for all you do!, Rain, Rain go away cause today is Alison and Rob's wedding day!  best of luck, health and happiness to you always... Team "V".., Tomorrow, a very special little lady will have her special day.. Congrats to Gabriella on her First Holy Communion!!  Hugs and Hi-fives!!..Team "V"..  ;), It's a weekend full of celebrations here at the "V".. Last night a School gala.  Today, a shower in the restaurant, a Surprise B.Day party for a very lovely lady in banquets
(Happy B.Day Mrs. Gibbs!) and  now Antonio and his family are celebrating his first holy communion.  Congrats to all and thank you for sharing your special moments with us!  Team "V"..., Rain, Rain, go away, cause today is Tracy and James' wedding day!  
Although It has been said that it is good luck if it rains on your wedding day,  we say a "wet knot" is harder to untie !!!
Best of luck to a terrific couple, we're gonna miss ya's.. Thanks for celebrating with us!  Team "V"...:), Another Friday Night and another Fabulous couple celebrating their special day at the "V".. A huge Congrats to Kristen and Jason on their wedding tonight, we wish you the very best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Team "V"..., Thank you for the wonderful photos from our April 2014 Open House, Such a fabulous day for a wedding!  Congrats to Andrea and Natividad on their wedding tonight, we wish you the best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Team "V"..., Happy Friday "V" Nation... Hop on into the "V" tonight and tomorrow night and shake bunny tail to the sounds of DJ Damien Margardo who will be spinning from 8-midnight!  :), In two weeks, May 1st, we are partnering together with our neighbors, the Boston Winery for a fabulous four-course wine pairing dinner featuring the Boston Winery Wines. The night will begin at the Boston winery for a tour and tastings of wines, and ending at the Venezia with a custom four- course dinner, created by Chef Peter Palumbo.  Each course will be designed to complement and enhance the Boston winery wines. The tickets are limited so be sure to reserve your seat now. Click the link for details, tickets and times

https://www.eventbrite.com/e/boston-winery-and-venezia-restaurant-wine-pairing-dinner-tickets-11358366179

https://www.eventbrite.com/e/boston-winery-and-venezia-restaurant-wine-pairing-dinner-tickets-11358366179, Happy Friday "V" Nation!  Just a reminder that we are hosting our annual wedding open house this Tuesday, April 8, 2014 from 6-8 pm.  Don't forget to tell friends, family or co-workers that may be newly engaged and looking for their perfect Venue.  Simply call 617-436-3120 to reserve your spot, space will be limited!  :), Never Fear on a few drops of rain tonight, it is said that it is a blessing and good luck when it rains on your wedding day. I say simply, that a "wet Knot" is harder to untie! :) Best of luck, health and happiness to Catherine and Ryan!!, Our thoughts and prayers are with the members of the  Boston Fire Dept and their Families at this tragic time.  May your fallen Brothers Rest in Peace and never be forgotten., Newly Engaged or know someone who is?  Don't forget Venezia will be hosting its annual wedding open house on Tuesday, April 8th!  Call to reserve a complimentary ticket, space will be limited..:), HAPPY SPRING "V" NATION!!!   We're doing the wedding tour thing this morning while we wait for tonights fabulous couple to arrive!   Best of luck, health and happiness to Nicole and Chris..Thanks for celebrating with us!   Team "V"...., A huge congrats to tonights fabulous duo, Kara and Marc.  We wish you the best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Team Zucco in the house tonight, should be a rocking good time!, Mother nature made for an amazing day for Danielle and Scotts wedding today!!! Best of luck, health and happiness to you both always!   Team "v", Its a fine afternoon for a wedding!  Congrats to Stephanie ans Jonathan, best of luck, health and happiness to you always...Team "V", Newly Engaged or know someone who is?  Venezia is hosting it's annual wedding open house on Tuesday, April 8th from 6-9 pm! Space is limited so call to reserve your spot.  meet with our vendors, see what's new in decor, meet the Venezia team and of course, see why Venezia is Boston's premiere Wedding Destination!, Cabin Fever setting in?  We understand... Why not get out for the night? Come on down to th "V" and have a nice dinner, some drinks and wow us with your dance moves! DJ Heather Blaze will be smoking up the lounge tonight and tomorrow, come on down!, Thank you Mayor Tom Menino for 20 wonderful years as Mayor of our great city!!  We would also like to congratulate Mayor Marty Walsh!!  From your friends here at the "V"!!  Congrats and God Bless!!, We couldn't ask for a better couple to kick-off the 2014 wedding season than tonights fab-duo..A HUGE congrats to Gina and Kristopher on their wedding tonight!!  We wish you the best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Keep in touch!  Team "V"..., PLEASE BE ADVISED THAT WE ARE CLOSING FOR THE REMAINDER OF THE DAY DUE TO THE STORM AND WILL RE-OPEN ON FRIDAY FOR DINNER AT 5:00 PM.. DRIVE SAFELY!, If we may, just a little Thank you to "V' Nation for all the love and support throughout the year!! We thank you for your business and for allowing us to be part of all your special moments in life, big and small, and for that we are truly grateful!  A Happy, Health and Prosperous New Year to you All!  PLEASE DRIVE SAFELY !!!  Team "V"..., Just one last one for 2013.. hard to believe.. So many happy couples, so many great celebrations and here we are down to the last one for the year!  We intend to make it GREAT!!   A Huge contrats to Lauren and Stephen  ( and all their friends and family named Stephen) We wish you all the very best of luck, health and happiness for the future!!!  Team "V"..., We're taking a short break in the Holiday party celebrations so we can celebrate a few more weddings before years end!!  Tonight we have the honor of hosting Allison and Andrews special Day!  We wish you the very best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Team "V".., Just a reminder that we will be open early again tomorrow for gift card sales! So while you are out running those errands (in your flip-flops) Don't forget to swing by the "V" and Boston Winery to pick up those gift cards and wine!!, On Saturday, while you are out dashing thru the snow looking for the perfect Gifts, be sure to stop by Venezia and Boston Winery!  Venezia will be open at 11:00 am for Gift Card sales, and Boston Winery will also be ready with some lovely gift baskets on hand for a quick and easy purchase thats sure to please everyone on your list! Eat, Drink and be Merry!!   Ho-Ho!, Its small business Saturday so don't forget to stop by Venezia and Boston winery today..Who doesn't love gift cards and wine?, A big thanks to Mother Nature for giving Suzie and Matt a great day today!!!! We wish you the best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Team "V", If you happen to see Katrina Shaw this weekend, be sure to wish her a VERY HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! Thanks for celebrating with us. (Again)..best always..Team "V"...., Can you believe its November?  Really perfect for a wedding!! Congrats to Christina and Thomas on their wedding tonight!!  Best of luck, health and happiness always...Team "V".., Congrats and God Bless beautiful Cecelia on her Christening day!!, Congrats to todays Fabulous duo, Krista and Mark, who will be celebrating their wedding with us tonight.. We wish you the best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Team "V"..., What a great day in Boston!!!  Red Sox win world series, parade for the fans and its 65 degrees on 11/2... But, it gets better, ita also Ashleigh and Matts wedding day!!!!!  Best of luck, health and happiness!!! Team "V"..., Come join the fun, some room still available....proceeds to benefit the Kevin Cellucci Foundation, It's back!!! Our famous Pumpkin Cheesecake, Tickets are still available!!  Come join the fun Boston Winery, CONGRATS to Candida and  Tim on their wedding tonight, we wihs you the best of luck , health and happiness for the future!  Team "V".., The Boston Winery Tuscan Wine Festival

Our annual grape harvest celebration will take place on October 13th, 2013 from 1p-5p!
  In the spirit of the grape harvest, we will be celebrating with food, drink, live music, a wine-crushing demonstration, and much more!  Join us at the Boston Winery for a unique experience only found in the remote "wine countries" of California and Italy.  Like a beautiful fall day in Tuscany, underneath the cover of the autumn sun, we will have a buffet of handmade Pastas, vegetables, and Pizzettas, to compliment a Roasted Porchetta.  We will be offering a large variety of our award winning wines and sangria to share in celebration of our harvest of fresh grapes, as we begin the wine-making season.  We will be conducting a grape crushing and wine making demonstration so you can see first-hand how the wine making process begins. Please join us in the celebration!
$40pp
 
Includes: entry, buffet, and entertainment. (Wine will be sold by the glass)
Festival takes place outdoors at the Boston Winery and Venezia; Plenty of free off-street parking;  Demonstration takes place at 3pm.
 
To reserve your place, please email: mailto:information@bostonwinery.net with "Tuscan Festival" in the subject line.
 
Tickets are limited!!!!!, null, Great day for a wedding!  Congrats to Lisa and Jason on their wedding tonight!! Best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Team "V", "10-4" and "Roger that" and a HUGE congrats to Monica and Chris on their wedding tonight!!!  Best of luck, health and happiness to you both the for future!  "V" team...., null, A Huge Congrats to Angelie and Ed who are celebrating their wedding with us!   Best of luck, health and happiness to you Always...  Team "V"...., Lots of excitement here at the 'V' on Tuesday night!! :-)

Martin Walsh gave a victory speech at Venezia Restaurant in Dorchester. (Jim Davis/Globe Staff), Boston Winery Events, A Huge Thank you to "Mother Nature" for pulling herself together in time for todays wedding!! We are busy getting our "bling" on in preparation of Kristi and Joe's amazing wedding celebration.  We wish you all the best of luck, health and happiness for the future!!!
Thanks for celebrating with us!!!   Team "V"..., We're back on Deck and getting ready for a double-header!!
Congrats to Kathy and Tom on their wedding this morning, followed by Gina and Nick on theirs this evening!!   We wish you all the very best of luck, health and happiness for the future!!  Thanks for celebrating with us!   Teram "V"......, Hard to believe but todays the day, Aimee and Angelo's Wedding Day!!!  We wish you both the best of luck, health, happiness and calm sea's for the future!!  TEAM "V"..., Yep, It's Friday and we have some celebrating to do!  Congrats to Barbara and Lance on their wedding tonight!!  Best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Team "V".., From our friends at the Boston Winery, Busy, Busy, busy preparing for tonights special couple..  Gina and Michaels Wedding is going to be SPECTACULAR!   We wish you both the very best of luck, health and happiness for the future!!  Team "V"....., What an amazing day!!!!  Just perfect for a wedding.....(for one of our own!) A HUGE congrats to Leslie and Jose on their wedding tonight!!!  We wish you the best of luck, health and happiness for the future!!  Team "V"..., Happy Labor Day Weekend "V" Nation... Just want to remind you all that the restaurant will be closed on Monday so that the staff can enjoy the holiday with their families.   We hope you all have a wonderful, safe Holiday weekend and please remember to DRIVE SAFELY!, Sadly, Labor Day weekend is here, but the celebrations continue!!  Congrats to tonights fabulous couple, Diane and Bryan, who are celebrating their wedding!!  Tomorrow's couple know's a thing or two about marriage, a HUGE congrats to Antonette and Ralph on their 50th Wedding Anniversary!!!!   We wish you all the very best of luck, health and happiness for the future!!!   Team "V".., And the Celebrations continue today with 2 Christening celebrations!  Congrats to the Nnamani Family and the Pizziferri Families on their new arrivals!!  Best of luck, health and happiness to you all!  Team "V"..., It's a busy day here at the "V" with lots of celebrations!  First up, is another Cimildoro Family Celebration, followed by 2 wedding celebrations!  Kristin and Eugene in the restaurant and Tara and Scott in the ballroom.  Thank you all for celebrating with us and we wish you all the very best of luck, health and happiness for the future!! Team "V".., It's a Beautiful day on the water, just perfect for a wedding or two!
First up is Regina and Michael, followed by Jamie and Nick!  Thank you all for celebrating with us and we wish you all the best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Team "V"...., Hey "V" Nation Don't forget Restaurant week starts THIS SUNDAY!  Woo- hoo!, It's another great day for a wedding at the "V"...Congrats to Margaret and Brian on their wedding tonight, we wish you the best of luck, health and happiness for the future!   Team "V"..., We are proud to participate once again!! Father Bill's & MainSpring's FoodFest @ Marina Bay on Tuesday, July 30th!!! Come by and say "Hi"!! Tickets are still available at: https://helpfbms.org
 Hope to see you there!!!, What a glorious day on the water today!!  Just perfect for a wedding!  Congrats to Alexis and Panion on their wedding tonight, We wish you both the best of luck, health and happiness for the future!!  Team "V"...., Tomorrow will be a day of many celebrations here at the "V".. One in particular is extra special, as we welcome back a former bride and groom who will be Christening their baby Girl.. Congrats to Daniela and Matt and God Bless Baby Talia..Team "V"., Is saddened by the passing of our dear friend and long-time customer, Peter Ryan.. Who has been a source of entertainment,   and friendship over many, many years..Peter, We raise our glass of Chardonnay to you and yours, we will miss you dearly!  And till we meet again, Rest in Peace..  Team "V".., Feeling HOT, HOT, HOT.....Congrats to Liz and Jeff on their wedding tonight!!!  Best of luck, health, and happiness  to you both always!  Team "V"..., Rain, rain stay away cause today is Christina and Stevens wedding day!!  A huge congrats to the happy couple!!  We wish you the best of luck, health and happiness always... Team "V".., A Very Happy, Safe 4th of July to all!!!  God Bless America!, Oh Boy, Game 5 of a tied 2-2 series.. GO B's!!!!!  BECAUSE IT'S THE CUP!!!   WE WANT THE CUP, WE WANT THE CUP!!, What a great day on the water today!  We had the pleasure of hosting the Ella Pizzano Memorial this morning, and it was a great tribute to a wonderful women.   This evening we are switching gears and getting ready to host a fabulous wedding bash!  Congrats to Jessica and Matthew..We wish you the best of luck, health and happiness always.. Team "V"..., Happy Fathers Day to all the fabulous Dads out there!, Happy Saturday "V" Nation!!  We're gearing up for another fabulous celebration..Tonight we have the honor of being part of Giulianna and Giovanni's wedding celebration..  We wish you both the best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Team "V"..., Finally, our prayers have been answered and Mother Nature has turned off the rain, and just in time too!!!  We have a wedding to celebrate!! A Huge Congrats to tonight's wonderful couple, Caitlin and Michael..We wish you the  Best of luck, health, happiness and "sunshine" for the future!  Team "V"... :), psst, psst... Hey you..Yeah, you.. Do you know that THIS Sunday is Fathers Day?  What's this you say? Still no plans, huh?  No worries, Venezia still has some reservations available, just give us a call..
Don't make him grille his own burger again this year,  take him out for a meal he'll really enjoy in our newly renovated restaurant and lounge!  Oh, and one more thing, skip the tie you were thinking of buying and go with a  Venezia Gift Card, they're  ALWAYS the perfect gift!!  :), It's another busy, hot and steamy day/evening at the "V" with lots of celebrations going on!  A special Congrats to tonight's fabulous couple, Lisa Marie and Daniel! We wish you the best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Team "V"..., Finally the rain has stopped and the sun is beginning to shine!!  Now we can celebrate a different kind of Shower!!  Congrats to Stefania and Roy!!  ..And Roy, we thank you for your service to our country!, We'd like to take a moment between celebrations to give our heartfelt thanks to the members of our Brave Military (past, present and future) as well as their families.  May we never forget what you have given up for all of us.  TODAY WE SALUTE YOU!  God bless you all!, It's a double-header Saturday here at the "V".. First up, we have the nicest couple celebrating their 40th anniversary! ( we are convinced Ruth and John must have married when they were 10 yrs old!)  Next, we have Katie and Eric Celebrating their lavish wedding and reception tonight!!  A HUGE congrats to both couples and we thank you for celebrating with us! Best of luck, health and happiness to you all... Team "V".., WOW, what a great day at the "V"...Tonight we had a corporate client turn  Beautiful Bride...A huge Congrats to Stephanie and George on their wedding!! Thanks so much for celebrating with us!!!  We wish you both the very best of luck, health and happiness always... Team "V", A VERY HAPPY MOTHERS DAY To all the Moms, Soon- to- be- Moms, Grandma's, Step-Moms, Aunties, God-Ma's, Big Sisters,and Like- a- Mom's out there!  Hope you have a fabulous day!  And a Salute to the "V" Team for giving up their day to help make it a special day for all of you!  Thanks kids!, Still some limited reservation times available for tomorrow. Both the Brunch and Restaurant...Don't get sent to your room, Take Mom to Venezia and make up for all the sleepless nights you caused her!  :), It's gonna be a busy day here at the "V" with family celebrations!  First up, we have lil Miss Alessandra, who will be celebrating her First Holy Communion! Followed by, Megan and Chris who will be celebrating their "East coast" wedding reception tonight!  We thank you all for celebrating with us and wish you all the best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Team "V"..., What a great night at our wedding open house last night..Thanks so much to all our vendors for participating and of course all our couples for attending!, What an amazing day on the water today!  The sun is shining, a nice gentle breeze and we have a fabulous couple getting married today!  Congrats to Nicole and Chris on their wedding, we wish you the best of luck, health and happiness for the future!! "Team V".., There's now a peace in the city, the sun is shining and we have a fabulous couple getting married today!!  CONGRATS to Jenn and Paul, we wish the best of luck , health and happiness always.. Team "V".., Wow, what a week..from unthinkable tragedy, shock and anger. Now, relief and immense pride fills all our hearts.. We are soo grateful to all of the law enforcement officers who worked so hard to bring this all to a close so justice for the victims can be had.
WE SALUTE YOU AND THANK YOU FOR A JOB WELL DONE! 
We pray that all of those effected can now begin healing., We are deeply saddened by the horrific events that unfolded yesterday at the Boston Marathon. Our thoughts and Prayers go out to our neighbors, the Richards family and to all of those affected by this unthinkable tragedy.   We are grateful to BPD, BFD and EMS as well as for all the civilians who rushed to the aid of those who were injured.  As does the rest of the community, we pray for healing for all involved., What a great day at the "V" yesterday... We had the pleasure of being part of a wonderful celebration that started at the "V" a long time ago..The cutest couple, who had most of their early dates at Venezia, got engaged at Venezia, had their wedding ceremony and reception with us last night!!  Daisy and Jeremy, we truly wish you the best of luck, health and happiness for the future, we'll miss you, but we know we'll see you around!   Team "V"..., Newly engaged or know someone who is?  Venezia Waterfront Ballroom is having it's annual wedding open house on Tuesday, April 30th from 6-8 pm.  All our fabulous vendors will be here with their latest and greatest products and services!  Give us a call to be added to the guest list and see for yourself why we ARE Bostons premiere wedding destination!, We are now accepting applications for experienced banquet Servers to join our team!!  If you, or someone you know, is  an experienced, hardworking, team player who enjoys working in a fine-dining setting, then we want to talk to you! Apply in person at the "V"., Happy Easter "V" Nation!!  Still time to make those reservations for Sunday!  And don't forget the Easter Bunny will be making  his annual appearance for the kiddies so bring the camera.., Busy, Busy, busy here at the "V" over the winter.. The New lounge is ready and the finishing touches are being added to the restaurant, It looks Fabulous! With easier access to the new restaurant patio deck, you'll have more outdoor dining options too!  We were also hard at work on the  new website, so be sure to check it out!    And...our annual wedding open house has been scheduled for Tuesday, April 30th 6-8 pm!!  Can't wait to see all the happy couples!  so if you haven't been in lately, come on by and  see what we've been up to!  TOM PITMAN is here tonight!  :), Happy Saturday "V" Fans!!! It's a beautiful sunny day on the water this morning!  Just perfect for a wedding!    CONGRATS To Katie and Brendan on their wedding today.. We wish you the best of luck, health and happiness for the future! Thanks for celebrating with us!  Team "V".., Well, you just never know who will be dropping by the "V"..  Actor/rapper ICE-T just swung in for a little lunch while in the area.  Nice guy!, Let the Flakes Fly, It's a TOM PITMAN Weekend at the V in our new  lounge!!  Come check it out!, IT'S DONE, IT'S DONE!!!!!  Our fabulous new lounge is ready for all our Valentines couples to enjoy tonight!!   Just wait till you see it!! It's AWESOME!!!!  Happy Valentines Day!, Don't panic, there is still time to make those Valentines Dinner reservations, but you better hurry!  :), null, Don't forget to stop by Boston Winery to pick up some Storm Essentials for the weekend!  I highly suggest the Boston Blend, you won't care how much snow falls!  Stay safe and stay warm!

www.facebook.com/pages/Boston-Winery/512573795441569?fref=pb, Holy crackers and cheese!  We also just got The Knot, Best of weddings 2013!!  WOW, what a great day!!!  thanks so much to all our fabulous former couples for sending in their comments!  Love yas!, Woo-Hoo!  We have just received the 2013 Brides choice award from wedding wire!!!!!, oops, nearly forgot, It's a TOM PITMAN kinda Saturday Night too, better get here early!!  :), It's gonna be a busy day here at the "V".. Lot's of happy Brides coming to visit us today for their weddings!!  We also have a wedding taking place today..CONGRATS to Ashley and Greg, we wish you both the very best of luck, health and happiness for the future!!  Team "V"..., Also need to send out a HUGE Congrats to tonight's fabulous couple, Katie and LaMonte as they celebrate their wedding tonight!! Best of luck, health and happiness for the future!!  Team "V"..., As we prepare for tonight's festivities, in the restaurant and banquet facility, we wanted to take a moment to thank all of our loyal customer's, as well as all the new friends we've made, for all the support in 2012.  We know you have many choices for dinning and celebrations, and we're humbled to have your trust. 2013 is on the horizon, and so are many new and exciting things here at the "V".  Stayed tuned for more info next week... From our family to yours, we wish you a very happy, healthy, and prosperous New Year!, Wanna come watch the snow fall in the harbor while staying toasty warm with a tasty beverage?  Passions will be playing the lounge tonight, come on down!!  While you're here, don't forget to make your New Years Eve Reservations!!!, No rain, sleet or SNOW shall keep Regina and John (and families) from celebrating their wedding this afternoon!!  Congrats to you both and we wish you the very best of luck, health and happiness, Always!!  Team "V", Hey "V" Fans, if you are out and about finishing up that shopping list, Don't forget Venezia Gift Certificates are the perfect gift for  anyone on your list!!  One size, fits all!!, Here at the "V" we do love a good follow up story and this one we just had to share!!!  We had the pleasure of sharing in the celebration of Victoria and Joe's wedding back on 11/11/11 and what a great celebration it was!  Well,  We have now learned that they have just welcomed their first child, a beautiful baby girl...YEP, You guessed it, on 12/12/12!!!  What are the odds?  CONGRATS TO ALL!!!!  Maybe they'll post a pic for all to see!, Would like to remind you that we are closed all day and evening on Thanksgiving so our staff can enjoy the holiday with their families.  So, from our families, to yours, we wish you all a very happy Thanksgiving!!!  PLEASE remember to DRIVE SAFELY!  :), Happy Friday V Nation..... It's a TOM PITMAN Weekend here at the "V"...Come on down........:), It's gonna be a busy day at the "V" Today, First up is Ron and Dawn-Marie Buttafoc's 50th ANNIVERSARY Celebration..(WOW!), CONGRATS To you both! And if you should happen to see Betty Galloway today, do be sure to wish her a VERY Happy 75th!  thanks to all for celebrating with us!  Team "V".., Finally the sun is out and the wind has stopped.  A perfect day for a wedding!  Congrats to Erica and Eric on their wedding tonight! Best of luck, health and happiness... Team "V", Wants to remind everyone to please drive slowly and safely tonight as our children will be out "trick or treating".. Have a Happy and Safe Halloween from your friends at the "V".., What a fabulous fall day!!  just perfect for a wedding!
Congrats to Julie and Thomas on their wedding tonight!! we wish you the best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Team "V", A Huge congrats and best-wishes to Kelly and Jimmy as they celebrate their engagement with us today!  Best of luck, health and happiness always... Team "V", If you happen to See Sharon Williams today, be sure to wish her a Very happy Birthday!!  She'll be 50 and fabulous and celebrating with us tonight!! All the best, Team "V".., null, null, Entertainment update:  whoop, whoop...TOM PITMAN weekend!, Rain, Rain GO away cause today is Luz and Roodley's Wedding Day!!  If Mother Nature refuses to cooperate no worries, a "wet knot" is harder to untie!  Best of luck, health and happiness to you both!  Team "V"...., Well today's THE day! It's Rachel and Chris's Wedding Day!!!  Best of luck, health and happiness to you both!!!  Team "V"..., Happy Friday "V" Nation!!  A HUGE Congrats to tonight's couple Rebecca and James.. We wish you the very best of luck, health and happiness for the future!   Team "V"...:), It's Friday and a TOM PITMAN Weekend at the "V"!!!! :), Love the "V Team"?  Why not be part of it!!  Venezia Banquet Facility is now accepting applications for experienced banquet servers.  Apply in person at the "V".., Is hoping that " Leslie" will behave herself today because it's a double-header Saturday at the "V".. First up is Neseline and Paul, followed by Luz and Juan..We wish you all the very best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Team "V"..., Happy Labor Day Weekend "V" Fans....Tonight we have another fabulous couple celebrating their wedding with us.. A HUGE congrats to Laurie and James!!!  Best of luck, health and happiness for the future!!!  Team "V"..., Yup, It's a TOM PITMAN kinda weekend here at the "V"!!  
WOO-HOO!, Happy Friday "V" nation!!  A huge congrats to Jenny and Ciro on their wedding tonight!  Best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Team "V", What a glorious day on the water today! Perfect day to have lunch or dinner on our new patio decks!!  come on down and check em out!, Happy Saturday!   Congrats to tonight's fabulous couple, Adele and Chris.. We wish you the very best of luck, health and happiness for the future!!!  Team "V"..., In Entertainment news:  Passions will be playing the lounge Friday and Saturday nights!!! WOO-HOO!  Come on down.., Another weekend at the "V" and another fabulous couple!  Congrats to Rachel and Ted on their wedding tonight!!! Best of luck, health and happiness always... Team "V", Here's a great recap of the 18th Food Fest...Team "V" is found at about the 3:29 mark.
Thanks again to all that stopped by to say "Hi" :-) , A huge congrats to Irene and Aziz on their wedding today, we wish you the best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Team "V", Rain, Rain Go away cause today is Shanara and Tony's wedding day!  Congrats and best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Team "V".. :), Congrats to the Dumolo/Carey Families as they gather today to celebrate Cassie and Brennan's Engagement.. Best of luck for the future and thanks for celebrating with us!  Team "V"..., Always a great day for a wedding at the "V"..Tonight's fabulous couple is Shelly and Marcus, we wish them the best of luck, health and happiness for the future!!  Team "V".., ENTERTAINMENT UPDATE:   "Sweet" will be rocking the lounge Friday and Saturday evening, come on down!, Whew, It's a hot one out there today, but still a great day for a wedding!! Congrats to tonight's fabulous couple, Angela and Manny!  We wish you the best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Team "V"..., null, Special thanks to all our FB fans that stopped by and said "hi" Tuesday nite at the Father Bills & MainSpring event!! Looking forward to next year!!, Look who stopped by the "V" for lunch today!!  Jersey Shore's own Pauly D...seen here with our fabulous bartender Alex :-), Hey, "V" Nation, We've been nominated!!!!  PLEASE go to this site and vote for us under Fine Dining, so everyone else will know what you know already!! Thanks a bunch!!!, Fabulous Day for a Wedding!! Perfect for tonight's fabulous couple!
CONGRATS TO Melissa and Matt on their wedding.. We wish you the best of luck, health and happiness always... Team "V"...., Perfect day for lunch or dinner on the "V" patio deck today....  in case you were looking for suggestions....:), What an awesome day on the water this morning!!  It's gonna be a busy, busy day at the "V".. First up will be a special celebration (but I can't say for whom, cause its a surprise!) and tonight we have a very special couple celebrating their wedding! CONGRATS to Julie and Jorge!  Best of luck, health and happiness to you all!  Team "V", null, Not only is it finally Friday, but it's also a TOM PITMAN weekend at the "V"..WOO-HOO!, Finally the humid weather is OUTTA here... Great day for lunch or dinner on the patio..Come on down and enjoy some fresh air and a great meal!, A huge CONGRATS to Christina and John on their wedding tonight, we wish them the best of luck ,health and happiness for the future!! Team "V", Entertainment Update:  Tonight we have DJ Russ McQueen spinning in the lounge, followed by the Band "Sweet" tomorrow night.  Come on down and enjoy!, YAY!, Momma Duck just swam away with her new babies!! All 6 of them!  They swam off before we could get a picture, but maybe she'll swing them back around later., It's a hot one out there today, but still a great day for a wedding!
Congrats to Susie and Jean on their wedding today!  Best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Team "V", Rain, Rain go away cause today is Kaitlyn and Ryan's wedding day!!!  We wish them the best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Team "V"..., What a perfect day for a wedding!!  Seems like yesterday, but after 2+ years of planning, its finally Antonietta and Jon's wedding day!!
We wish them and their families the very best of luck, health and happiness for the future!!! Thanks for celebrating with us!  Team "V", Entertainment UPDATE:   Tonight we have DJ Russ McQueen followed by TOM PITMAN tomorrow night, be sure to stop by and say hello!!, Beautiful day on the water today.. You should come have lunch on the patio and enjoy the sun and nice sea breeze.., We are really feeling bad for all the couples displaced by Christina's sudden closing.. We have left messages extending our assistance to them, but if you know anyone who has been effected, please tell them to give us a call.. We will work with them in anyway we can to ensure they still have the day they originally dreamed of.., It's Fan Appreciation day here at the "V" The first 10 Venezia Fans who respond to this post (with comment) will win a Venezia Deck Party for up to 20 friends or co-workers! Complimentary Hors do'ouvres will be served and a cash bar available. Subject to availability and some conditions will apply.  Good Luck!, A HUGE congrats to tonights fabulous couple, Beth and Tim on their wedding tonight!  Best of luck, health and happiness always!  Team "V", Tis true, IT'S a TOM PITTMAN weekend at the "V".. You know what to do... woo-hoo!, Momma Duck has laid another Clutch!!  She's moved to another one of our planters on the other side of the building and Papa Duck is staying close by!  Keep ya's posted!, It's the Perfect day for a wedding!!!!  A HUGE congrats to tonight's fabulous couple, Angela and William.. We wish you the best of luck, health and happiness for the future!! Thanks for celebrating with us!   Team "V"...:), It's a great day down on the water today!  Perfect day to have lunch on the patio deck!  In Entertainment news, We have  TOM PITMAN playing tonight and SWEET playing on Saturday..Looks like a great weekend at the "V", come play with us!, I think we have the best staff around... just had to share!  GO "V" TEAM!!!  You Rock!, In entertainment news, we have "Passions" playing the lounge this weekend, come on down and enjoy!, What an amazing day down here at the "V"...Just perfect for tonight's fabulous couple ..  A HUGE Congrats to Megan and James on their wedding!  We wish the very best of luck, health and happiness!  Team "V"...:), maybe start with this....mmm, mmm, yummy!, What a great day down on the water today!  Perfect for one of these tasty little treats so be sure to save room!, oh, and if you should see Phyllis today, be sure to wish her a VERY HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!  :), Is SOO excited to welcome Holli and Eric for their wedding tonight!!  We wish them the very best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Team "V".., Is grateful to all of those who have, or are now serving our great country!  Memorial Day is to honor all of those who lost their lives fighting for our freedoms and those who protect us today!  God Bless American and our Vets!  Have a happy and safe weekend!, random food shots, null, Opps, Neglected to mention, it's a TOM PITMAN Night at the "V"..Come on down!, A Very Happy Mothers Day to all the Moms, Grandmothers, God Mothers, Aunties, Big Sisters, "Like a Mom's", soon to be Mom's, step Moms, Foster Mom's and everyone who has loved and cared for a child..Today is for YOU!  Enjoy it! And a Huge thank you to the entire "V" Team for spending it here pampering other Mom's! YOU guys ROCK!, Happy Saturday!  It's a busy day here at the "V" as we welcome the Musto Family for Marie Luisa's First Holy Communion, followed by Bruna and Sean for their wedding tonight!  Best of luck, health and happiness to you all... Team "V"..., It's "Prom- a - Day May" here at the "V" .. So fun to see all the kids soo excited as they enter for their special night! Thanks for celebrating with us!  Team "V".., It's a sad Day at the "V".... It appears that momma ducks nest was raided last night... All her eggs are broken and there are raccoon footprints everywhere.. soo sad...:(, null, Just a gentle reminder that THIS Sunday is in fact, Mothers Day.. No pressure, We know you are busy, we know you are thinking about it, and We know you want to do something special for MOM. 
We just don't want you to get grounded for dropping the ball, if you wait too much longer..... better make a reservation quick..:), Welcomes the Dworken/Kacmashon Reception tonight, Best of luck, health and happiness always... Team "V"..., Busy, Busy, Busy here at the "V" this morning.. Welcome and congrats to the Donovan, Mullen and Brown Family's as they all celebrate Communions with us today!  God Bless..., Have you made your plans for Mothers Day yet?  There's still time, but you better HURRY! We are offering a specialized sit-down menu in the restaurant as well as a Brunch Buffet in the ballroom. reservations are required, call 617-436-3120 or hit make reservation from our facebook page!, Momma Duck is back!  Taking up residence in the planter on the patio for the second spring in a row.. Last count was 6 eggs..(they can lay an egg a day for up to 2 weeks)  Last year she led 8 babies away.. After a little assistance from the V Team..( a few were afraid to make the jump to the water) We Can't wait for this years hatching!, Entertainment Update:  This Weekend the lounge is featuring the sounds of "Passions", Come on down and enjoy!, Now that all the corporate business is behind us for the week, it's on to the good-stuff!  A HUGE CONGRATS to our wedding couples for today!  Marily and Nicholas this morning, followed by Liz and Carl tonight!! We wish you all the very best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Team "V"..:), It's a great day for Lunch on the patio deck at the "V"!!  AND, it's a TOM PITMAN Weekend!!, Wishes you a Happy Passover and a Very Happy Easter!, There's still time to make those Easter Dinner Reservations, but you better "Hop" to it...(sorry) Chef's Special Easter menu is being offered with select reservations times..  and of course, the Easter Bunny will be making his annual appearance!, ENTERTAINMENT UPDATE:   Tis true, TOM PITMAN is here all weekend!  :), Entertainment update:  Friday night the lounge will feature DJ Russ McQueen followed by the Band Sweet on Saturday. Come on down, have a bite and a beverage and enjoy!, Hey "V" Nation did you know Venezia participates in Restaurant Week?  It runs today and tomorrow, (22nd and 23rd) then the 25th thru 30th.. Come on down and enjoy some great eats at bargain prices!!  :), It's gonna be a great week for lunch on the patio deck!!  Come on down and check out Chef's new specials!  HAPPY SPRING!!, Entertainment Update:  It's a TOM PITMAN weekend!!!! You know what to do!, What an amazing day on the water today!  Can you believe it's March?? Just FYI, For optional seating and enjoyment, the deck is  open!  Lunch, dinner or just to sit and enjoy a cocktail! Tonight is the perfect night for it, Come on down!, What an amazing time we had last night at our annual wedding open house!  A HUGE thank you to all our vendors who participated!!! We couldn't do it without you!   Soo many rave reviews from attendee's and vendors, this may have been the best one yet!, If you should see Superintendant Ruiz today, be sure to wish him a long, happy, healthy retirement!  Best of luck from your friends at Venezia!, So it's Leap day...Following Irish folklore, today is the day that a women can ask a man for HIS hand in marriage...Ladies, I ask, how many of you will be taking advantage of this date? ( so as not to spoil any surprises, feel free to post tomorrow!) Good luck!, Busy, busy, busy... Gearing up for the Annual Wedding open house on Tuesday night which will be followed by the Glen Levitt Scotch Dinner on Wednesday night.. Will you be joing us?  Give us a call...617-436-3120...., School Vacation is just about over, come on down tonight and celebrate!  (sorry kids)  Sweet is playing the lounge tonight, come down, have a nice dinner and do a little dancing!  :), Happy Friday V Nation!!  This weekend the lounge is featuring DJ Noah Zidel...Come on down and say hello... Don't forget to ask about our upcoming events.. Wedding open house on 3/6 and a fabulous Scotch Dinner on 3/7!, HAPPY FAT TUESDAY "V" nation!! So what are you doing to celebrate?, Entertainment update:  IT'S A TOM PITMAN WEEKEND Here at the "V"!  You know what to do..., Happy Valentines Day "V" Nation....., Entertainment Update:  Russ MacQueen Friday and Saturday night here at the "V"...

Did you remember to make reservations for your Valentines dinner?  There's still time, but better hurry...:), Don't forget to check out our events page, We have the wedding open house on 3/6 and a Glenlevit Scotch Dinner on 3/7.. Happy Wendesday!, Ahhh, February.....We're almost there!  Superbowl Sunday is on the horizon, so is Valentines Day ...kinda fitting that "Passions" is playing the lounge this Friday and Saturday nights...come on down...  and yes, All  the  TV's will be on for Superbowl Sunday!  GO PATS!!!!, Great Job Tiffany's.. A lot of girls will thank  you!, Entertainment update: Friday night we have DJ BIG DADDY Ray.. spinning all your favorites and Saturday night will feature Sweet... come on down...:), HAPPY FRIDAY The 13th Facebookers!!!!    It's a TOM PITTMAN Weekend here at the "V"... Better hop on that broomstick and ride like the wind on down to the "V" early...Unless you're "wicked Ascared" a black cat might cross your path?  BOOhahahahaha...   :), Would like to wish you all a very Happy, Healthy, Safe New Year!!  Please drink responsibly tonight and stay safe.. We would like you to be aware of a FREE service that is being offered tonight by AAA, it's the "tipsy tow".. AAA will come and drive you AND YOUR car home today from 6:00 pm to 6:00 am FOR FREE.. You don't have to be a member.. write this down.800-222-4357.. Happy New Year!, What better way to ring in the new year than at a wedding?  
Congrats to tonights fabulous couple, Stephanie and Kevin on their wedding tonight!  The best of luck, health and happiness always...Team "V"...., null, null, null, null, We're still accepting reservations for New Years Eve, but better hurry...Chef has come up with an amazing selection of entrees for his special NYE menu that's sure to please.   We have Passions performing in the lounge all evening to help ring in the new year with party hats and noise makers!! Speaking of "rings" and "passion" just let us know if we can be any assistance with any special "proposals" you may be planning!  HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!, Happy Saturday "V" Nation.... We're open at 12:00 today for Gift card sales... Office grab, teacher gift, dog-walker, anyone who likes to eat will appreciate it, they're the perfect gift!!  :), Entertainment Update:  it's a Tom pitman weekend at the "V".. Come celebrate the holiday with us!  Merry ho-ho!, ENTERTAINMENT UPDATE:   Tonight we have the fan fave "Passions" in the lounge and tomorrow night, we will introduce a new band, "Double Impact".. Come on down and check them out!, You won't mind if Jack Frost is nipping at your nose while sipping one of these babies!! mmm, mmm, mmm, YUMMY!  Ask Richie about his newest Holiday Beverage "Jack Frost".., Great tips for a holiday proposal, What a bright sun-shining day down here on the water this morning as we prepare to welcome tonights special couple..A Huge Congrats to Lindsay and Pete on their wedding tonight!  Best of luck, Health and happiness always...Team "V".., Have you booked your Holiday party yet? Some dates still remaining, but going quick!  Don't forget to mention facebook if you book an event for 50 or more, cause we'll give you a $100.00 Venezia gift card, just for you!   We're also offering an incentive on Gift Card purchases.. Purchase $500.00 or more in Venezia Gift Cards and we'll give you 10% back in Venezia Gift cards! ho, ho, ho!, It's small business Saturday...Please consider your small local businesses today as you shop for the holidays rather than the big chain-stores.  Everyone loves a gift card to a favorite restaurant, local boutique, hair salons, car washes and detailing services.  How about local garden centers, kids crafts and hobby stores, just to name a few..Together we can get this economy going again, lets keep it small and local!!   Thank you!, Entertainment Update:  Passions will be here all weekend, come on down and dance off some of that stuffing!  :), From our family to yours, we wish you all,  a Very Happy Thanksgiving!!!   
We also want to remind you that Venezia will be closed on Thanksgiving so that our staff may enjoy the Holiday with their families..   Safe Travels "V" Nation!  :), Did we mention that TOM PITMAN is in the house????  WOOP, WOOP!  Happy Friday "V" Nation!    :), It looks like Mother Nature plans to keep her promise today and make the sun shine for a special couple!!  Congrat to Victoria and Joe on their wedding tonight!!  We wish you the very best of luck, health and happiness always!  Team "V", Today we give thanks to all who have served/are serving this  great Country..We appreciate your willingness to serve, your bravery and all the sacrifices that you and your families have made/make for our freedom and protection every day!  We thank you!  God Bless America!, Entertainment Update:We have the Fan Fav's playing the lounge this weekend.. First Up on Friday night is The Birthday boy himself, TOM Pitman, Followed by Russ McQueen on Saturday!   WOO-HOO..., HAPPY HOLIDAYS FACEBOOK FRIENDS!!! Yeah, we know its still November, but we're kicking off a holiday promo just for our friends! Book your HOLIDAY PARTY with Venezia (groups of 50-350ppl) for Nov, Dec, or January and when you mention you're one of our Friends, we'll give you a $100.00 Venezia gift card for you to enjoy dinner on us!! (Shh, nobody has to know!) Based on available dates and certain terms and conditions will apply.. ask to speak with the sales team for details... Don't forget to mention facebook! Ho-Ho-Ho! :), Hey "V" Nation... Looking for a unique gift idea or maybe a special party favor? Check out jimemmajack cookies...Who doesn't love a good cookie?, If you see Dr. Eric Johnson today, be sure to wish him a Very Happy Retirement!, If you happen to see Joyce Campbell today, Be sure to wish her a very Happy Retirement!, Entertainment update:   BIG DADDY RAY is in the house tonight!!!!! It may be mean, cold and nasty outside, but it's all warm and fuzzy in here!   No better place to watch a storm than at the waterfront, come on down, have a little dinner, and some drinks and enjoy the show mother nature's putting on!!!, Oh, Mother Nature! You are a stubborn women at times, but you'll have to do better than a Early Nor' Easter to dampen the mood around here, cause we have a wedding to celebrate!!! A HUGE congrats to Jennifer and Derek on their wedding today!!  Best of luck, health and happiness always!  Team "V"..., Oooo-OOO, We forgot to mention that it's a TOM PITMAN weekend!!! Better get here early!, It's Saturday, and what would that be without a wedding?  Our leading couple tonight is Kaitlyn and Ryan, staring as our very special Bride and Groom!  Best of luck, health and happiness always!  Team "V"  (Don't forget us when you get your Oscars!  Safe travels our friends!), HAPPY HOLIDAYS FACEBOOK FRIENDS!!!  Yeah, we know its still October, but we're kicking off a holiday promo just for our friends!  Book your HOLIDAY PARTY with Venezia (groups of 50-350ppl) for Nov, Dec, or January and when you mention you're one of our Friends, we'll give you a $100.00 Venezia gift card for you to enjoy dinner on us!! (Shh, nobody has to know!)  Based on available dates and certain terms and conditions will apply.. ask to speak with the sales team for details... Don't forget to mention facebook!  Ho-Ho-Ho!   :), It's an amazing fall day down here on the water today and we welcome an equally amazing couple who will be celebrating their wedding and reception with us this afternoon!   Congrats to Gianna and Matt!  Best of luck, health and happiness always...Team "V", Entertainment update:   Sweet will be playing the lounge tonight!!  It's a great night to get out for some dinner and dancing!!! Try some of chef's new fall Dinner specials and be sure to ask Richie and/or Meghan about the new fall cocktails!  sweet...., It's just a perfect day for a wedding!  The "V" Welcomes Ciatlin and William for their wedding tonight.  We wish you the very best of luck, health and happiness for the future!!  Team "V"..., Rain, Rain go AWAY cause today is Judy and Johns wedding day!  Best of luck, health and happiness always...Team "V", Another Fabulous Day at the "V"... Today we welcome the Cefalo Family As they Christen Baby Andrew...God bless the little love..., What an amazing day down here on the water! Just perfect for a wedding!  Congrats to Amy and Tim on their wedding tonight.  We wish you the best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Team "V", Welcomes Weymouth North High School for their 25th class reunion tonight! Don't forget to bring all your embarrassing photo's of your classmates!!  :), Entertainment update:   TGIF!!! We have Passions performing in the lounge tonight and tomorrow night, come on down and shake off the Monday- Friday blah's!!, And.....This evening we have Vanessa and John who will also be celebrating their wedding with us today!  (no worries about the weather ladies, a wet knot is harder to untie!)  and finally, if you see Mr. JW Dornhoffer today, be sure to wish him a Very Happy Birthday!!! He'll be celebrating his 40th (Holy wine bottles!) in the winery!  Best wishes to All!  Team "V"....., So what if it's a little damp, it's still a great day for a wedding or two, or three! First up,in the restaurant, is Iolanda and Joao who are celebrating their wedding! In banquets this morning, we have Nancy and Steve (a/k/ Stancy)celebrating their post nuptuals along with Nancy's Mom Peggy who is celebrating her Birthday!   CONGRAT's to all!  Best of luck, health and happiness always...  Team "V", If you happen to bump into Marty Aikens today, be sure to wish him a Happy Retirement!   :), HAPPY FRIDAY "V" NATION!!  No excuses, The sun is shining and it's a TOM PITMAN Friday Night, come on down!!!, Entertainment Update:   Passions will be rocking the lounge tonight, come on down!, A Huge congrats to tonights fabulous couple, Lindsey and Mike as they celebrate their wedding with us tonight!!  Best of luck , health and happiness always!   Team "V", Happy Friday V Nation!!!  Sorry it's a bit damp outside tonight, but we have DJ BIG DADDY RAY rocking the lounge tonight..Definately worth a couple of raindrops!  Come on down!  :), If you see Patricia Armstrong today, be sure to wish her a long, Happy, healthy Retirement!, For our Brides to be..Checkout Weddingwire.com for some great ideas for your special day!, What a a fabulous day on the waterfront! Just a perfect day for a wedding!  Congrats to Kristin and James on their wedding today!  We wish you the very best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Team "V", Well, Hellooooo Friday!!    Whatcha all doing tonight?? It's a TOM PITMAN Friday night here at the "V"..Why dontcha come on by and say hello!  :), Welcomes the Carriglio Family (for the 3rd time)  First for their wedding, then their first daughters christening (Gabriella) and Now for their second daughters Christening, God Bless Baby Arianna!, Is remembering all of those who were lost so tragically 10 years ago today, may they rest in peace.. God Bless America!, A HUGE Congrats to tonights special couple, Coleen and Antonio, as they celebrate their wedding with us!  We wish you the very best of luck, health and happiness always... Team "V"..., Oh what a day! the sun was shining, the breeze was gentle and we have a great couple celebrating their special day with us!  Congrats to Shannon and James on their wedding tonight!  Best of luck, Health and happiness always!  Team "V", Another great day for a wedding!   Congrats to Melissa and Gerald on their wedding today!   Best of luch, health and happiness always!  Team "V", Welcomes tonights fabulous wedding couple, Suzanne and Stephen!  A big Congrats from your friends at the "V"...Best of luck, health and happiness!, Love is in the air all weekend as we help some special couples celebrate their big day!   First Up tonight will be Nicole and Ryan, Best of luck, health and happiness to you both always!  Thanks for sharing your day with us!   Team "V", Happy Friday "V" Nation... On the entertainment scene, it's gonna be a "Sweet" weekend in the lounge! come on down..., Due to the impending storm, and the state of emergency issued this morning, Venezia Will be closed tomorrow (Sunday, August 28, 2011)   We will re-open on Monday for lunch at 11:30.  We hope everyone stays safe thru the storm., A Huge Congrats to Jackie and Josh on their wedding tonight, Dispite the party crasher (Irene) It will be a fabulous Wedding.  Best of luck, health and happiness always... Remember, A wet knot is harder to untie!  Team "V", Entertainment Update:   Tonight we have DJ BIG DADDY RAY spinning all your favorites and tomorrow night we have Passions performing live in the lounge. come on down!, Happy Sunday "V" Nation and a BIG Congrats to Daniellé and Roy on their wedding today!   Best of luck, health and happiness to you both!  Team "V"  :), Congrats to Linda and Chi on their wedding tonight!!  We wish you the very best of luck, health and happiness always... Thanks for celebrating with us!  Team "V"..., Needs your help...Ever have a "always the bridesmaid and never the bride moment"?  Well, so do we!  We host all kinds of events, but seldom are they for us and we like to party too!  We're looking for your feedback as to the type of event "V" nation would be interested in. Please respond with your choice:  "Sinatra-type" dinner show, Comedy dinner show,80's dance party or a singles dance party?  Whatcha think?  Thanks!, Entertainment update:   Yup, it's true, it's a Tom Pitman weekend at the "V".. Dust off those dancing shoes and come shake your boogey-woogey!  Don't forget to ask Richie about the new cocktail list!  :) mmm, mmm, good!, There's nothing like spending a Sunday having dinner with the family. And we mean, THE WHOLE FAMILY!  Especially when they have traveled from all over the USA and Ireland to be here!  The "V" Welcomes the Dineen family for their very special Family Reunion today!  Safe travels everyone!   Team "V"..  :), null, null, null, null, Ready for our next fabulous couple, Congrats to Kate and Tom on their wedding tonight!!  Best of luck, health and happiness always!  Team "V"..., HAPPY FRIDAY "V" NATION!!   On the entertainment scene, we have Passions playing the lounge this weekend and in the banquet facility tonight, we have a very special couple hosting their wedding!  CONGRATS To Kate and Jeff, we wish you the very best of luck, health and happiness!   Team "V".., It's a special Sunday at the "V" as we welcome the Dornhoffer and Bruno Families and Christen one of our own...God Bless Baby Reagan Grace!  Best of luck, health and happiness always... Team "V", What's a Saturday at the "V" without a wedding?  Congrats to Leslie and Tony on their wedding tonight!  Best of luck, health and happiness to you always..Team "V".., It's a great day for a wedding here at the "V"...Best of luck to Jo-Jo and Johnny on their wedding tonight.   We wish you all the very best for the future!  Team "V"...:), Entertainment update:   Sweet will be playing the lounge all weekend, come on down and try one of our new Frozen cocktails!, Welcomes the Lambrakis family today as they Christen their beautiful baby boy!  CONGRATS!  Team "V", It's a beautiful morning down here on the water and the perfect day for a wedding!
Congrats to Margarita and James on their wedding this morning..The very best of luck, health and happiness always..  Team "V"  :), CONGRATS to Courtney and Brian on their wedding tonight!!  They are a fabulous couple and we wish them all the very best of luck, health and happiness for the future! ...Team "V", Entertainment update:    Woop-wooop, it's a TOM PITMAN weekend at the "V".. you know you better get here early!!, Congrats to Jackie and Mandy on their wedding today, best of luck, health and happiness always... Team "V"....:), Oh Boy, it's a HOT one!   But still a great day for a Wedding!  Congrats to Nicole and Matt on their wedding tonight!  Best of luck, health and happiness always....Team "V", Congrats to Karen and Chris on their wedding tonight, should be a great crowd!  best of luck, health and happiness always... Team "V"...:), Congrats to Eleni on her wedding shower this morning and then to Angela on her shower this afternoon...Thanks for celebrating with us!  Best of luck with both of your weddings!  Team "V", Its a wedding packed Saturday here at the "V", First Up, Kaitlyn and Jonathan, followed by Caitlin and Steve!   Congrats to both couples, we wish you the very best of luck, health and happiness for the future!  Team "V"...Oh, and ladies, don't worry about the cloudy sky, I spoke with Mother Nature and she promised to behave during both arrivals! :), Congrats to Jacqueline and Stephen on their wedding tonight!   Best of luck, health and happiness always!  Team "V"   :), Happy Fathers Day to all the Dads in "V" Nation!, If you happen to see Peppino Gioioso today, be sure to wish him a very Happy 80th  Birthday!  Thanks for celebrating with us!, Congrats to Daniela and Matthew on their wedding today!  Best of luck, health and happiness to you both!  Team "V".., A HUGE Congrats to Vito on his graduation today!! Reach for the stars boy, the world is yours for the taking!   :)  Best of luck for the future!, Yup, It's true.....It's a TOM PITMAN Weekend here at the "V"....Better get here early! Don't forget Fathers Day is THIS Sunday!  Bring him in for dinner or give him the perfect gift for any occasion, a Venezia gift card!  :), Congratulations to the Boston Bruins, 2011 Stanley Cup Champions!!, Congrats to Laura and Kenneth on their wedding tonight, Best of luck, health and happiness always.... (and don't worry about a few rain drops, it's good luck and they say, "harder to un-tie a wet knot"!)   Team "V"!, Congrats to our winners of the Fan Appreciation Deck party's... We will be sending you a message on how to claim your deck party!, It's Fan Appreciation day here at the "V"  The first 5 Venezia Fans who respond to this post will win a Venezia Deck Party for up to 20 friends or co-workers!  Complimentary Hors do'ouvres will be served and a cash bar available. All attendee's must be 21 years of age or over, subject to availability and some conditions will apply.  Happy Friday!, Congrats to Our Angie and her new husband JD on their wedding on Saturday!! We wish you both the best of luck, health and happiness always...Team "V"   :), "Make way for Ducklings"...Mrs. Mallard has moved to Dorchester Bay!!, It's a full house today at the "V"...  Congrats to Sarah on her Graduation from college,  a Very Happy 75th Birthday to Patsy and Congrats to Phil and Jen on their wedding tonight!  We wish you all the very best and thanks for celebrating with us! Team "V"...:), Congrats to Linda and Eric on their wedding tonight!  Best of luck, health and Happiness always...Team "V"...:), Congrats to Giovanna on her First Holy Communion today! Absolutely adorable!, It's a bit soggy, but still a great day for a wedding!  Congrats to Stephanie and Christopher on their wedding tonight! (remember, a wet knot is harder to un-tie!)  BEst of luck, health and happiness always!  Team "V", Welcomes the Yebba Family for Christina's and Carmen's First Holy Communion!, Is SOOO Happy to FINALLY announce the arrival of our newest "V Team" member.. The Very Beautiful lil Miss, Reagan Grace arrived on 4/29 at 11:07 pm weighing in at 8lbs and was 21 inches long.   CONGRATS to the very proud Momma and Pappa! The best of luck, health and happiness to you all, always...:), Congrats to Sara and Brian on their wedding tonight, Best of luck, health and happiness always!  Team "V", Entertainment Update: YES,  It's a TOM PITMAN WEEKEND!!, This just in...There has been a rare pre-Easter sighting of the Easter Bunny here at the "V"..   I'm told he was just spotted driving down Ericsson Street in a Big Lincoln Town car loaded with Easter eggs! Stay tuned for details ...., Would like to wish all of "V" Nation a Very Happy Easter!, Entertainment update: This weekend we will feature "Sweet" in our lounge on Friday night and "Passions" on Saturday Night ..Come on down, say hello and have a beverage...By the way, Did you make your Easter reservations yet??   Better click the "reservations" button on the left quickly or you'll be up the trail without a basket!, Hard to believe it's Palm Sunday and Easter is now just 1 week away..  Did you rememember to make your reservation for Easter Dinner?? You can click on the "reservations tab" to the left and make them now while you check your facebook updates!  How easy is that??, Oh, did I neglect to mention that TOM PITMAN is in the lounge tonight!!!  Come on down, but better get here early!  woop, woop!, It's a bit chilly, but still a great day for a wedding!!  CONGRATS to Amanda and Luke on their wedding today!!  Best of luck, health and happiness to you always... Team "V"...  And don't worry about those drops they are talking about for later.. Not only is it good luck, but  a "wet knot" is much harder to un-tie!    ;), Easter is just 12 days away!!   Have you made your reservatgions yet?  Chef Peter has developed a great limited menu for your dining enjoyment that's sure to please..A special Menu is also available for our very young diners to enjoy. The Easter Bunny will alo be making his annual appearance, so don't forget your cameras!   HOP TO IT, call 617-436-3120 to make your reservations., Now this is wedding weather!!  CONGRATS to Molly and Joe on their wedding tonight! Best of luck, health and happiness always... Team "V", Congrats to all the Graduates of Local #12 tonight!  Best of luck with your bright new futures!!   Team "V".....:), It's finally Friday!  YAY!  Passions will be playing the lounge this weekend for your dancing enjoyment and Richie will be whipping up some beverages for your sipping enjoyment, come on down!, Happy Tuesday Facebook friends!!  Venezia has now added a reservations link to it's home page!!  So, if you would like to reserve a table, you can simply log on to facebook and click the reservations tab on the left!  :), What a day for a wedding!  Congrats to Stacey and Marco on their wedding tonight!  Best of luck, health and happiness always... Team "V", WOOP, WOOP, BIG DADDY RAY will be rocking the lounge friday and Saturday night, come on down..........:), null, What an amazing time at tonights open house!!!  THANKS SOOO MUCH TO ALL our Vendors for their participation and all our couples for coming out!!!!  lots of happy girls out there tonight!..  You guys ARE the best!!!  Special thanks to come, tomorrow!!!   :)  Now, your wedding planner needs sleep!  :)  zzzzzzzzzzzzz, Entertainment Update:   This weekend, we have "Sweet" performing in the lounge for your move'n and groove'n enjoyment!   Come on down and say Hi!  :), HAPPY FRIDAY "V" NATION! ...:)   Tom Pitman will be front and center this Friday and Saturday night in the lounge, come on down!, Hey Did you get in on any of the cool "restaurant week" deals?  Well if you missed it, you'll get another chance next week as Venezia does Restaurant week, take 2!  Come on down Monday thru friday lunch or dinner!, Opps, we're slipping on the entertainment updates, sorry... This Weekend, BIG DADDY RAY will be spinning all your fav's in the lounge.. Come on down!, Well it's finally Saturday..Whatcha doing tonight? No plans you say? Why not come on down to the "V"..Passions is playing the lounge for your dancing enjoyment,The dining room Kids are getting everything ready for your arrival, The sun is shining and it's roughly 60 degree's out there! What better night to be down here on the water!  Come on now, go call your friends and get ready to come out and play!  :), HAPPY FRIDAY Venezia Fan's! what a day out there today!No excuse not to come out and play tonight.TOM PITMAN will be heating up the lounge, Richie and Kathleen are busting out the tropical cocktail menu! Chef is running "cool" specials and the dining room kids will be rocking hawaiian shirts!(not really, I just got carried away!) Come on down and have some fun before the next storm reminds us it's still winter!, It's not just the weekend, it's Valentines weekend and we have a great line-up for you and your sweetie! DJ "Big-Daddy Ray" will be in the lounge Fri.& Sat. night. Chef Peter will run the regular menu thru the weekend, but with some great specials!  On Monday, he rolls out his dedicated Valentines Menu with some very romantic entree's. Great food, service and amazing views,this IS the perfect "engagement" setting!, It's Friday "V" Nation!  Whatcha Doing this weekend??  Passions is here this weekend playing your favorite dance music.. Why not come on down for a little dinner, drinks and dancing?  The gang's all here and waiting to see your bright smiling faces..  :), Whew, What a week! Hopefully you have all dug-out from the last storm by now and are ready to come shake your grove thang before the next one!! Why not come on down to the "V"?.. It's not snowing (for once) it's pretty warm out there, the sun is even shinning and to top it off, TOM PITMAN is here this weekend!! WOO-HOO!!!!  Whatcha waiting for???  Call your friends and make a plan!!, Happy Friday "V" Nation.. So the flakes have stopped flying  (for now)  Shake off that  cabin fever and come on down to the "V" tonight..  DJ Big Daddy Ray will be in the lounge this weekend spinning all your favorite tunes.  Richie and Kathleen will be behind the bar ready to mix your favorite beverages and all the dining room kids are waiting tableside for your arrival!  hurry up now...  :), null, YES, it is true!!  TOM PITMAN is in the house this weekend!!!  Better get here early!, Congrats to Jill and Joe on their wedding tonight!  Best of luck, health and happiness always! Team "V"....

There are still reservations available for the restaurant festivities tonight if you haven't made plans..Come on down and celebrate with us!   Happy New Year to All!, Wants you to know that we appreciate each and every one of you!  Thank you for your Business and for allowing us to be part of your special occaisions.  We wish you all a very Happy, Healthy, Safe Holiday Season and Wonderful New Year!  Team "V"
Peace to all!, Still Dashing thru the snow (flakes) trying to finish up that Holiday Shopping? Swing by the "V" for a quick lunch or relaxing dinner. Dont' forget to pick up those gift cards while you're here, they make the perfect gift!  Venezia will be closed for dining on Friday & Saturday so our Employees can enjoy the holidays with their families. We will open for Gift Card sales (only) on Friday from 10am-3:00 pm., null, null, Welcomes United Waste Management This afternoon and Brigham and Womens hospital-(Thoracic Surgery) tonight .  Thanks for celebrating the Holidays with us!  Team "V"   :), New Years Eve at the "V".. Special Dinner menu, entertainment and party favors, be sure to make your reservations early!!   It's always a sell out!, Ok Kids its FRIDAY and TOM PITMAN is in the house tonight!!! Come on Down...While you're here, don't forget to make your New Year's Eve Reservations... Let's start out the New year on the right foot and bring it in together!  Chef is preparing some amazing items for the limited dinner menu that you won't want to miss!  :), Welcomes:  The Construction and Building Trades, The Boston Carpenters and The Boston Sheet Metal Workers all for lunch today and a Very Happy Birthday to Ms. Denise Watson, (BPD) on her Birthday tonight!  Happy Holidays to all!  Team "V", WOO-HOO!   Venezia has been selected as a BOSTON'S BEST WEDDING PICK by THE  KNOT!!!!  Thank you to all of our Brides for their wonderful reviews!!  We are very humbled by all of the kid words and sentiments, We Thank you for letting us be part of it!  Team "V", Welcomes, Boston Police, Superior Officers Federation.  Happy Holidays to all!, Had such a great time with all the ISES members last night.  Thanks for showcasing us!, Welcomes Bay State Wine & Sprits and Brockton Hospitals Radiology Dept. Merry Ho-Ho to All and thanks for celebrating with us!  Team "V", Entertainment Update:   This weekend we have Passions in the lounge if you'd like to bring your Ms./Mrs. Clause out for an evening of dinner and dancing....  Be sure to try Chef's Holiday specials..   The Drink of the week is "Richie's Little helper" which is a Mint- chocolate mistletoe Martini...YUMMM-MMY!!, Still Shopping for the Holidays?  Don't forget your gift cards!!  Venezia Gift cards make the perfect gift for friends, family, teachers, the babysitter or even your dog-walker!  Call and purchase your gift cards over the phone by December 20,2010 and mention you're our facebook friend and we'll ship them to you for FREE via US Postal service, certified mail!  A little Holiday Ho-Ho from your friends at the "V"!, Congrats to Merry and David on their wedding tonight, Best of luck, health and happiness always!  Team "V", We've been nominated for Boston's Best wedding pick by the Knot!  Please log onto the site listed below and vote for us!, Venezia Waterfront Banquet Facility WeddingChannel.com online profile., Is wishing everyone a very Happy and Safe Thanksgiving!, Wooo, what a night at the "V"..The Strictly Sinatra Dinner show was a total sell-out! Nearly 350 of the "V faithful" turned out and had a great time !(Awesome job Banquet staff!) Tom Pitman was jamm'in in the lounge to a packed crowd..Safe to say A good time was had by all last night.. Oh, AND it was Richies B.day!! Tom led everyone in singing happy b.day to our favorite bartender.. Happy  B.Day Richie!, Morning "V" Nation.... So It's hump day... what are your plans for the weekend?  What's this,  you don't have any?!?!  Well, give us a call and make your reservation for The Sinatra Dinner show on Friday night.. It's gonna be a great night and your dinner, show, taxes and tip are included in the cost of admission!  Hurry up now...617-436-3120, It's Saturday night at the "V", Richie and Kathleen are gearing up for a busy night at the bar. Passions is playing the lounge and Richie says the drink of the night is a Pumpkin Pie Martini...come in and enjoy!!, CONGRATS to Maria and Vincent on their wedding tonight!  and what a wedding it's going to be!!  Best of luck, health and happiness always!  Team "V", Hey "V" Nation, we've been nominated on Citysbest.com as one of the best seafood restaurants in Boston.. Please visit citysbest.com and Vote for Venezia!  you can vote everyday!, Entertainment update:   This will be "Sweet" weekend at the "V", friday and saturday night in the lounge!  By the way, have you tried the new bar menu?  Come on down and give it a look-see or just come dance off all that halloween candy that you ate this week!  :), Don't forget to get your friends together and book a table for the Michael Dutra and the Strictly Sinatra Big Band night!  Friday, November 19th.  Dinner, dancing and great night out!  $60.00 pp is all takes..  Tax and tip are INCLUDED!! what are you waiting for?, HAPPY FRIDAY  "V" Nation!!!  So it's Halloween weekend, before you take the kiddies out trick or treating and/or watch the Game on Sunday, you should have some fun TOO..Swing on down to the "V"  TOM PITMAN IS HERE Friday and Saturday..  Richie and Kathleen will be up to their usual tricks behind the bar, and the kitchen is putting out some sweet treats!  oh, and it's "be nice to your server day"...:), Hellooo Friday!  So,It's gonna be a great weekend at the "V".. Richie & Kathleen have the bar ready for all your beveraging needs, The Kitchen is working some awesome Dinner specials and the dining room servers have your table ready.  The entertainment options this weekend are GREAT!  Passions tonight and DJ Mark McGillicuddy tomorrow. The Beverage of the weekend is a "Venezia Belini"...mmm, yummy!  Come on down!, sooo, have you made your reservations for the Sinatra night yet?  Should be a great night!  Get your friends together and book a table!, ok, it's Wednesday,but people are already asking,"Who's in the lounge this weekend?" Well, we thought we'd mix it up a bit,(just to keep it interesting) This weekend, we have"Passions"on Friday, but we will be introducing a DJ to the Venezia faithful on Saturday!! The "V" is proud to be presenting DJ Mark McGillicuddy. Come on down and say hello. Let us know what you think about adding a DJ to the line up. :), Congrats to Maria and Ryan on their wedding tonight!  Best of luck, health and happiness always!  Team "V"...:), Mozel Tov to Jacob on His bar mitzvah today!, Well Kids, It's friday night at the "V", Richie and Kathleen are gearing up for a busy night at the bar. Tom Pittman is playing the lounge and Richie says the drink of the night is a Cherry Cheesecake Martini.. mmm? sounds good, but does that qualify as having dessert before dinner?   Better ask your dining room server when ordering   :), Early Entertainment Update:   Why?  Because Tom Pittman will be in the house this weekend!!  Woop, woop!  Better get here early!   :), sooo, Billy Costa and TV Diner will be filming a spotlight at Boston Winery and Venezia today!  We'll keep ya's posted on the airing date!   :), Richie and Kathleen are on the bar tonight and Richie says the drink of the evening is a "Tanga-tini"..  He won't tell us what's in it, but I think he taste-tested A LOT of them last night.. ? Be gentle with him..   :), Congrats to Kathy and Mike on their wedding tonight!  Best of luck, health and happiness always!   Team "V", Special Event News:  The "V" will be hosting Michael Dutra and the "Strictly Sinatra Big Band" on Friday night, November 19, 2010, 7-10 pm.   Tickets are $60.00 pp and include Dinner, the Show and all tax and service charges!!  Call 617-436-3120 to make your reservations.. Better yet, call your friends first and book a table!  Better hurry, this show WILL FILL IN FAST!  :) see ya there....Blue eyes.., Entertainment Update:    "Passions" will be in the lounge this weekend if you'd like to come shake your groove-thang!  Kathleen says the "Drink of the Night" will be an Espresso Martini... Mmm, mmm, yummy!, What a Difference a day makes.... Congrats on Lara and David on their wedding tonight!  Best of luck, health and happiness always...Team "V", Entertainment update:    Sweet will be in the lounge this weekend for your dancing enjoyment and Richie and Kathleen will be behind the bar mixing up your beverages!  Want to try a new martini??   Vanilla vodka, Raz Vodka, Peach Snapps and Pineapple...DELICIOUS!, Congrats to Christine and Wilson on their wedding tonight!  Hopefully mother nature will pull a couple of strings for them and send the wind and rain out to sea! And.. if she doesn't?  Just keep in mind,  a wet knot is harder to untie!  Best of luck, health and happiness always!   Team "V", Tomorrow is Nana and Grandpa day at the "V" as we host the Commission on the affairs of the Elderly and their senior volunteers!  We just love the seniors!  :), Rain, rain go away because today is Angela and Tony's wedding Day!  Congrats to the happy couple.  We wish you the best of luck, health and Happiness always.. Team "V", What a great day for another wedding!  Congrats to Ali and Chris on their wedding tonight, it's gonna be a blast!!  Best of luck, health and happiness always!  Team "V"., Entertainment update:   Sweet will be performing in the lounge this weekend...come on down and shake your groove-thang... Be sure to say Hi to the new bartender Kathleen.  She and Richie will be on hand ready to whip up your favorite beverage or try their drink of the day, "Purple-Haze"....mmm,mmm, good!  :), Congrats to Janelle and Chris on their wedding tonight!! Best of luck, health and happiness always... Team "V"....:), Congrats to Thuan and Liem on their wedding tonight!!  Best of luck, health and happiness to you always...Team "V"  :), Early Entertainment update:  Spreading the word early this week so you can make your plans. TOM PITMAN will be in the house this weekend..WOOP, WOOP!  Come on down...., Now that the kids are back in School, it's time for the grown-ups to have fun! We have "Double-Play" in the lounge this weekend, and we have a Triple-play weekend in the Ballroom:Congrats to Becky & RJ on their wedding tonight, Stefanie & Richard tomorrow night and Selina & Rocco celebrating their 50th on Sunday!!! Congrats to all the happy Couples and thanks for sharing your special days with us!  Team "V"....:), busy-busy-busy,   Congrats to Shauna and James tonight on their wedding!  (we've set an extra seat for Earl and don't worry kids, a wet knot is harder to un-tie!  :)  Tomorrow, we have Gretta and Andrew, and on Sunday we have Carolyn and Brian - Congrats to ALL!   Team "V", Nor rain, sleet, snow or even a lil hurricane can keep Team "V" down!!!  We've battened down the hatches and are ready for Earl!   "Passions" will be in the lounge tonight for your dancing enjoyment and Richie will be whipping up his special "Hurricanes" for your sipping enjoyment... Come watch the waves with us!!, Love is definately in the air this weekend at the "V"...
Kimberly and Marcus will be celebrating their wedding tonight and Ashley and Vincenzo will celebrate their wedding tomorrow night!  CONGRATS to the happy couples.  It's also very fitting that "Passions" will be performing in the lounge all weekend, huh?  Lets not forget Richie, gotta love your bartenders and servers!  :), Oopps, Congrats to Ashleigh and Jason on their wedding last saturday, Best of luck , health and happiness always...Team "V", Congrats to Carol Ann and Mike on their wedding tonight, Best of luck, health and happiness always!  Team "V", Entertainment update:    Woop-woop, TOM PITMAN is in the house this weekend !!! Richie is also testing out some new beverages for your sipping enjoyment so be sure to ask him about his latest and greatest beverage!  Better get here early!, Congrats to Jenn and Matt on their wedding today!  Best of luck, health and happiness always!   Team "V"   :), Entertainment Update:   Double Play will be in the lounge this weekend, better get here early!     come on down and have a beverage!  :), Entertainment Update:   This weekend we will feature the sounds of "Sweet" in the lounge, come on down!, Congrats To Alisa and Justin on their wedding today!  Best of luck, health and happiness always!  Team "V"    :), What a great day for a wedding or two..  Congrats to Brandy and Jesse on their wedding this morning and to Van Lan and Minh Duc on their wedding tonight! Best of luck, health and happiness to all.  Thanks for sharing your special day with us!  Team "V", Entertainment update:  Tom Pitman is in the lounge this weekend!  Come on down, but better get here early!, Team "V" will be at the Father Bill's/Mainspring 16th Annual Food fest tonight at The Ocean Club in Marina Bay...Come on by and enjoy some great food, friends and help support a great cause!  Event begins at 6:00 pm, come by and say hi!, Congrats to Jenn and Mike on their wedding tonight, best of luck, health and happiness always...Team "V", Entertainment Update:   Tom Pitman IS IN THE House tonight!!  Come on down!, Congrats to Thuy and Hung on their wedding tonight!  Best of luck, health and happiness always... Team "V", Congrats to Katelyn and Sean on their wedding tonight and Kimi and Mike on their wedding last night!  Best of luck, Health and Happiness always!  Team "V", Congrats to Jenn and Nicholas on their wedding tonight, best of luck, health and happiness always!  Team "V", Congrats to Felisita on Her Sweet 15 tonight!  Best of luck, health and happiness.  Team "V", Entertainment Update:   Tonight in the lounge we will feature the sounds of "Passions".
Happy, Safe 4th of July everyone!, Rain, Rain go away because today is Laura and Jay's Wedding Day!!  Best of luck health and happiness to you both always!   ...Team "V"...:), null, Welcomes Boston Police Dept. Superior Officers Federation and their Retiree's. We wish you a long, happy, healthy retirement!  Team "V", Welcomes Rockland High School on their Senior Prom tonight!   Reach for the stars and follow your dreams!!!!   Team "V", What a Great Day for a wedding!   Congrats to Daniela and Fabio on their wedding today, best of luck, health and happiness always... Team "V"..., Congrats to Kevin on his Graduation from Tufts Medical School!  Great Day for A grad party at Venezia!  :), The Sun is Shining, there's a gentle breeze in the air, the boats are in the water, Tom Pitman is in the lounge, Richie is behind the bar...looks like a great night at the Venezia Restaurant tonight too!  Better get here early!  :), Welcomes Cohasset High School Tonight for their Prom..  Have a magical night! Team "V", Entertainment Update:   Say it aint so....?  YUP, Tom Pitman will be in the  house again this weekend! (Friday and Saturday)  Woo-Hoo!  Come on down!, Welcomes Blue Hills Regional High School, class of 2010 for their Prom tonight, Reach for the stars kids and have a blast!  Team "V", Entertainment Update:   "Sweet" will be in the lounge Friday and Saturday night, come on down!, What  great day for a wedding!   Congrats to Jenn and Rocco on their wedding tonight, Best of luck, health and happiness always!  Team "V", Mozel Tov to Malia on Her Bat Mitzvah this afternoon!!    and....Congrats to Cynthia and Will on their wedding tonight!!  Best of luck, Health and Happiness to all!  Team "V", Entertainment update:  TOM PITMAN is in the house this weeekend..Friday and Saturday night!  Better get here early!, Happy Mothers Day to all the fabulous Moms,  step-mom's, moms-to -be, Aunties, Grandma's, sisters, God Ma's and "like mom's in you life"..Hope you had a wonderful day with those that love you!   From all the "kids at the "V"   :), What a great day at the "V'.. The Cashmans Celebrated their anniversary with their friends and family in the Restaurant while angela and Manny enjoyed their wedding shower in the ballroom... Congrats and many happy days to both couples!  We wish you the best of luck, health and happiness....always...Team "V", Hey, Venezia was just featured on Phantom  (again)... Way to go Mr."B"!   oh, and don't forget to check out Boston Winery! Cause Man does not live by bread alone, he also needs good wine!   :), What a great day for a wedding!   Congrats to Mabel and Craig on their wedding today!  Best of luck, health and happiness to you always!  Team "V", So the weatherman is forecasting a "drab" weekend, but it will actually be a "fab" weekend here at the "V".. Tom Pitman will be in the lounge Friday and Saturday night, Chef is preparing some interesting specials for your dining enjoyment and of course, Richie will be here mixing up some beverages!  Come on down.., So, Easter weekend is upon us and Mother Nature is finally co-operating and giving us a fabulous weekend of weather..But don't forget to Hop on into Venezia.  This Weekend (Friday and Saturday) we will be featuring  "Sweet" in  our lounge for your dancing enjoyment.  Sunday, The Easter Bunny  will be making  his annual appearance!!   Happy Easter Everyone!, What a Fabulous day for a wedding!  Congrats to Phyllis and Erik on their wedding today! Best of luck, health and happiness always...Team V.., Entertainment update:  This weekend Tom Pitman is in the house!!  Friday and saturday night for your listening/dancing enjoyment... and of course, Richie will be behind the bar, woo-hoo... grab some friends and come on down!, Ahh, the sun is shining, the flowers are beginning to bloom and Easter is now just 2 weeks away!  Chef is preparing a special limited menu for you and your family. Bring the kids because the Easter Bunny will also be making his annual stop here at Venezia!  Seating times are from 12-5 pm.  Hop to it and make your reservations now!  :), The Wine pairing dinner was a great night here at the "V"..Our guests enjoyed fabulous courses and wonderful wines while Marc Antonelli wowed everyone with his incredible singing voice!    Future dinner shows with Marc to be announced at a later date.:), Rain, Rain go away because today is Cristina and Shankha's wedding Day! Congrats to the happy couple, we wish you the best of luck, health and happiness always!   Team V.., This weekend in our lounge, Venezia will feature the sounds of "Double Play" for your listening and dancing enjoyment.   Come on down, Richie is behind the bar waiting to mix your favorite beverage!, Congrats to Julie and Mark on their Wedding tonight!  The best of luck, health and happiness to you always.... Team "V", The Venezia Wedding Open House was A HUGE Success, thanks so much to all of our vendors for their participation!!  Looking forward to the next one!, Recently engaged? maybe still looking for that special venue to hold your special day?  Venezia Waterfront Banquet Facility is hosting an open house on Tuesday, March 2, 2010 from 6-8 pm!  Please call 617-436-3120 ex 101 to secure a reservation for this free event!  Come take a look around, meet our vendors, and see why Venezia Is Bostons Best Waterfront wedding Venue!, Congrats to Anne Marie and Thomas on their wedding today! We wish you the best of luck, health and happiness always!, The "Phantom" was here!!   Venezia was featured on the Phantom Gourmet this morning!  See the rebroadcast tomorrow  (Valentines Day!) at 11:00 am on TV 38 and you can also listen to the rebroadcast today 2/13 between 4-7 pm on 96.9 FM  WTKK!  :), null, null, Father Bills Food Fest & Auction 2009
Marina Bay, null)