List(Tonight's special: Crab cakes with a spicy chipotle ranch Aoli!, Come get some tacos from the lovely Lila!!! 🌮💪🏼💯🍺, Happy taco Wednesday!!, Happy hump day taco nation!! Today we have a cod taco with shredded cabbage, fire roasted tomato salsa, and a fresh lime cream; and a duck taco topped with baby spinach, crumbled goat cheese, and a balsamic glaze. Come on down!!, 3:16 inception...Taco day is Steve Austin approved, come by and snag a $2 taco and shotgun some beers! Well, do that last part on your own time... But we have your back with the taco gimmick., null, We have $2 shots of Apple, cherry & blueberry pie with graham cracker crust, chocolate syrup and whipped cream! Finally, some freaking dessert! Today only, tomorrow we go right back to having beer and whiskey for breakfast, lunch and dinner... Get it while it lasts!  #PiDay, Join us tomorrow at the Avenue for Pi day! Celebrate 3/14 with $3.14 shots of Piehole whiskey and for the first time ever the Avenue is offering dessert- shots of mini pie with whipped cream guaranteed to satisfy that sweet tooth., We are kicking off the weekend with a New England special. Rhode Island style calamari for $8. Come get some!, It's National Margarita Day!!! We have 3 Don Julio inspired margaritas all week long, and pairing them with a $4 Shrimp Tostada., Halfway through the work week means it's Taco Wednesday. Come try them out. $2 Buffalo Shrimp Taco and $2 BBQ Pulled Pork Belly Taco., Super bowl Sunday deserves some super specials. In honor of the big game tailgate we have a Chili con Queso dip for $5 and a grilled bratwurst with peppers and onions for $7. Come watch the game and enjoy our tailgate specials., It's that time of the week. $2 Taco Wednesday. Today we have a Korean BBQ spare rib taco with sesame slaw, scallions and shredded lettuce. The other half of our Taco duo is a Spicy Shrimp Taco with jalapeño cream, diced tomato and shredded lettuce., Celebrate national tater tot day by hitting up the avenue, an epic spot with tots!!, Put your concerns at rest… things are changing, but change is good! Owner Doug Bacon answers a few of your burning questions and we finally release some info about the spot next door… (keep scrolling for comments at the end of the article.), It's Taco Wednesday already??? Come try a beef brisket taco with cilantro pesto and pickled carrots or a bbq chicken taco with corn salsa and cotija cheese. $2 each !!!, The 13.8% goose island bourbon county stout is officially on draft for $8.50. Drink at your own risk. Cheers!, All eyes on the Pats today, don't forget half off wings during all Patriots games! Then later this evening, Packers vs. Cardinals. Game sound on and up at the Avenue! 🏈🏈🏈🏈🍻, Guess who is one of the only bars on the eastern seaboard to carry draft Stone Brewing Company's #enjoybyblack 1-1-16... Come get it while it lasts!, Winter is coming and we have a new winter inspired cocktail list to warm you up!, For 13 years the United States soberly suffered through Prohibition, the dark days where it was a criminal offense to make or consume alcohol- on December 5th 1933 the ban was lifted- so come celebrate the glory of the 18th and 21st amendments with us today at The Avenue!! 🎉🍻🍾, Come on down and grab a bowl of our home made chili!! Topped with melted cheese, sour cream and scallions. Or add it to your fries or nachos!!! Get it while it lasts!!, Have a good day- don't forget to come by to love on our burgers!, This Taco Wednesday we are proud to present a pork belly el pastor taco with pineapple salsa and a crispy cod taco with lime creme and fire roasted tomato salsa. For $2 each, they are a perfect way to break up the week., Happy Halloween from the Avenue., We are celebrating Halloween all week here at the Avenue.  Come by and try a Cannon Blast Jell-O shot for $3., Chef Ian "YoungBlood" Manning has done it again, this time with a $7 chicken parm sandwich breaded with Italian herbs and seasonings and smothered in melted provolone and Parmesan cheese and topped with a toasted garlic buttered bun., $2 Taco Wednesday is here, and we have two awesome offerings., It's officially pumpkin everything season! Down at the Ave we have Southern Tier Pumking, Cisco Pumple Drumpkin, Down East Pumpkin Cider, and Shipyard Pumpkinhead. Don't be afraid to be basic!, There's real life... 😭 and avenue life. 🎉😊😍, We are closed for the next 2 days for some much needed renovations! See you all on Thursday assuming our staff survives tonight on the cape. We will be open regular hours on Thursday, 11am-2pm. Cheers! 🍻, We just heard it was national cheeseburger day. We think you all know what that means. 🍔🍔🍔, This episode of $2 taco Wednesday features: 
Carne Asada with grilled pepper and onions, jalapeño ranch and shredded lettuce 
Beer Battered Cod with lettuce and homemade tartar sauce, It's apparently Swifty Sunday tonight at the Ave... Come hang with us!, Strawberry Mango Infused Tequila!! To hell with all this back to school nonsense. Summer is not over! This bad boy should be ready to pour some time next week. We'll keep you posted!!, Taco Wednesday strikes again. Come and grab your fill., Happy hump day, time for your mid week taco fix., Just tapped this morning. Come try a Goose Island Sophie, it's delicious., Beat the heat with us and Goose Island brewery tomorrow featuring Goose Island Sophie! It's .50 wing day as well, so come hungry and thirsty and leave happy., Tomorrow is Buds and Burger Monday, grab a $2 Avenue burger and wash that bad boy down with an ice cold beach wood aged Budweiser, So Thursday's have a new special at The Avenue Bar & Grille.  We are doing So Cal themed specials every Thursday through the summer. This week features $4 Grilled Street Corn, $3 Grilled Mahi Tacos, and because everyone liked them so much we are running a $2 Chilled Blue Crab Taco., It's another $2 Taco Wednesday at The Avenue Bar & Grille. Come out and try one of the braised short rib barbacoa tacos or a chilled blue crab taco on this hot summer day., Hot diggity dog, it's $2 taco day!!!!!, Even the Red Sox bobble heads love Stone Enjoy By, come grab a glass before it runs out., Blow up your taste buds with twelve ounces of Stone Ruination 2.0.  We just tapped it and those hops are kicking., Our new menu is NOT going to eat itself. Come check it out!, Today we launched our new food menu featuring piled high burgers., Don't forget tomorrow is Cinco de Mayo! We are celebrating with $2 tacos all day Tuesday AND Wednesday this week alongside our celebratory beer special: Negra Modelo and Modelo Especial., Cinco de Mayo is this Tuesday and to help celebrate The Avenue is doing a Tuesday Taco special and featuring Modelo beer., Holy new beers Batman. We just tapped an awesome black I.P.A. From Lagunitas called Night Time, and to balance this new darkness a faithful favorite Allagash White., Come by The Avenue tonight and have a taste of summer., Today's special! Come on down for a carne asada quesadilla!, Stone Cold Steve Austin says happy 3:16.. And don't forget to come by The Ave for $2 burgers all day and Monday Night Raw at 8pm., $5 Piehole pecan or cherry to celebrate 3-14, Guess what tomorrow is?! 3.14... Pi day! The Ave is celebrating with $5 shots of Piehole Whiskey served with style and sass by our own Piehole pinup Lizzie!, It's Yueng-wing Tuesday at the Avenue. 50 cent wings and $3.50 Yuengling light Tall boys. Grab them while they last., Happy Valentine's Day from The Avenue Crew. It's never too late for a dinner date, our kitchen is open until last call., SNOW DAY!! (We are open for $2 burgers as usual all day until 2am!), IT'S GAME DAY! Go pats!, We are closing in on Super Bowl Sunday and to celebrate the occasion we have some New England inspired Jello Shots for sale. Come watch the big game with us at The Avenue., SNOW DAY!! we are OPEN during this blizzard, come get snowed in with us at The Avenue! ❄️🍺🍸🍹🍷, Nothing says hump day like a $2 taco. Today we are featuring a Cheesesteak taco and a Memphis Chicken taco., Tonight is the night. The launch of Downeast Cider's Unoriginal Blend. Batch #1, come try a pint., Join us this Monday night from 8-10pm for the debut of Down East's new filtered cider "Unoriginal Blend". This cider isn't yet available in stores...    Let's get weird!!, What do you think about The Avenue's Chickenbread sandwich?, Come celebrate the New Year with our charming and attractive staff., Happy new year! Come celebrate with our wildly attractive and incredibly brilliant staff!, Come celebrate the New Year at the Avenue, We are open New Year's Eve! No cover, champagne toast at midnight and of course, $2 tacos!, null, Come celebrate the winter solstice tonight with a delicious spicy pint of Anderson Valley Winter Solstice!, Two hours till game time! Come in and grab a seat and enjoy .50 wings all day/night in honor of all things football., Boston College vs. USC TONIGHT @ 8. Come watch it here with game sound, cold beer and awesome burgers., It's $2 taco day!! Today we're offering a delicious pulled chicken BBQ taco and a lightly fried cod taco with homemade tartar sauce. Come get them while they last!, Happy Sunday Funday!! Don't forget, we have the NFL Sunday Ticket and .50 wings during football season every Sunday! The Pats might have had a rough start but we've still got beer and liquor for that! See you at the bar., It has arrived... The first pumpkin of the season, Southern Tier Pumking! 🍁🍃🍂🎃, August 20th our van will be rockin'.. The more the merrier at 7:30pm, come celebrate the newly tapped Magic Hat Dream Machine with us and the fine folks at magic hat!, Ace pineapple cider on draft, newest addition to our summer lineup!, Just tapped today, Lagunitas Little Sumpin' EXTRA! Try a pint for $6., Do you like it doggy style? We sure do. Come on down tonight for our $2 doggy style special, a hot dog with all the fixin's of a cry baby burger. 😜👍, Stop by The Avenue today for a $2 hot dog! Take any of our burger toppings and create your own delicious dog., Just a moment ago The Avenue was part of something special!! We served a man his first cheeseburger EVER. Boy, did he come to the right place!!, The USA may have lost to Germany today but we still advance to the knockout round!! come by the Ave, we have plenty of TVs and will be happy to put on any game!!, Tonight at 8pm we are giving trivia a whirl!! Due to a private party at the white horse tavern Geeks Who Drink are moving over to the Ave. Get your smarty pants on!!, Troegs Nugget Nectar is celebrating its deliciousness this coming Wednesday night at the Ave! Beer specials and sexy time, what could go wrong? Join us from 6-10pm!, Today we say goodbye to one of our bartenders, the amazing Rob is moving onto greener pastures. We will miss him and we know you guys will too :), Did you catch the Breadettes last night? TGIF, drown your sorrows from last night's hockey game with a wells banana bread beer or any of our other 29 delicious drafts. Did we mention that Sam Summer is up and running! ☀️☀️Celebrate the sunshine ☀️☀️, Don't forget! Tonight at 8pm, the Breadettes will be joining us! Rock your favorite pin up style and order a refreshing Wells Banana Bread on draft!, Join us and the Breadettes this Thursday night at The Avenue! Rock your favorite pin-up style and celebrate Wells Banana Bread on tap!, The Breadettes are coming May 1st at the Avenue to celebrate our newly tapped Wells Banana Bread beer! Live music, competitions, prizes, what's not to love?, New on draft at The Ave... 2014 Stone Russian Imperial Stout!!, It's Wednesday! That means $2 tacos. Today we have a Cajun halibut taco with lettuce, sour cream, and mango chutney, and also a skirt steak taco with peppers, lettuce and cilantro shallot aioli., Swing by The Avenue for $3 corned beef sliders with housemade slaw and carrots! Get a good base down before dessert: Jameson and The Irishman whiskeys and Guinness, Yuengling Black and Tan and Killian's Irish Red on draft!, The Avenue will celebrating St. Patrick's Day all weekend!! If you're hanging out tonight from 8-12 keep an eye out for our traveling bag pipers, they'll be adding some Celtic spirit to your Friday night., $4.50!!!!, WE OFFICIALLY HAVE YUENGLING ON DRAFT! come taste the forbidden fruit... That is no longer forbidden, nor fruit., We have ALL the new beers on draft. Dark Horse Boffo Brown, 312 Urban Wheat, Blue Hills Milk Stout, Sam Adams Cold Snap, and brace yourselves... this coming Monday Yuengling lager will be on draft at The Avenue!!, IT'S PATRIOTS GAME DAY! 3pm kickoff. Grab at seat at the Ave, game sound and all the action. Well not ALL the action. But the most action you can legally cram into 1249 Commonwealth Avenue., Hey! We're gonna be on TV! Tomorrow night on Channel 5's Chronicle, 7:30pm. Tune in and check us out!, HEY! 

Dig our blue hills blueberry wheat? Well tonight we are hosting a blue hills brewery tap takeover! Come enjoy the blueberry wheat as well as 5 other delicious brews, they'll go fast so come hang with us and DigBoston from 6pm-9pm., We are open! Nothing compliments a snow day quite as well as a nice glass of whiskey. Or beer. Or rum. Or gin. Come hang out!, Is everyone recovered from the holidays? Need a little help? We have Lagunitas IPA and Kentucky Bourbon Barrel Ale to help you survive the last week of December., Ever wonder what happens when you mix eggnog with fernet? come find out! Just kidding, that's gross. But we do have Avery Old Jubilation new on draft! Come on down to the Ave and get holidazed., Forget what you were taught, put this in your mouth., Don't forget, tonight we turn the clocks back... And get an extra hour at the bar! Travel through time and space with us tonight at The Avenue. What could possibly go wrong?, Tonight we've got game 6 of the World Series and some great news about Saturday: Daylight savings is nothing to be worried about; when we turn the clocks back we'll be staying open for that extra hour!, Amen, .25 cent wings are back on Sundays!!, $2 taco Wednesday!! 

Today we have a blackened tuna taco with a vera-cruz style salsa and pickled red cabbage, and also a crispy eggplant taco with rajas spicy marinara and cotija cheese., $2 taco specials: carne asada with chimichurri sauce and spicy blackened shrimp with roasted tomatillo salsa!, I hear they recently added more HOPS to it., I hear they recently added more HOPS to it., $2 taco Wednesday! Woot woooooot! Happy hump day!, TODAY'S SPECIAL: $7 meat and potato delight: braised steak over maple whipped sweet potato with radish garnish, $2 tacos today! Chorizo and sweet potato with grilled onions and avocado dressing. YUM!, wooooo! It's $2 burger Monday :), Today's special: $8 fisherman's platter: crab cakes, fried shrimp with creole remoulade and your choice of fries or onion rings!, Don't forget every Tuesday... .25 wings! A reason to LIVE and be STICKY!, FOOTBALL IS HERE! We have the Sunday ticket, we have wings, beer and an appetizer platter special guaranteed to make you drool...., New on draft at The Ave: southern tier pumking, dogfish head punkin, and clementine clown shoes! Mmmmm beer..., Nothing says autumn like a shot of fireball whiskey and an angry orchard cider!!, It's our last ever $1 burger Monday!! (Don't worry, next week is just $1 more!) AND the Bruins are on. Come inside and stay cool by eating, drinking and watching sports played on ice. Boom., Greetings burger masters and explorers of all things craft beer! As you may have noticed over the past few weeks we have made a few changes over at The Avenue. Wednesdays are no longer half priced bar snacks, but don’t be discouraged, we are happy to introduce $2 tacos!

While we’re on the subject of breaking news, we’re going to suggest you sit down for this next sentence. Monday, June 24th will in fact, be the last day of $1 burgers. Before you throw yourself into traffic, hear us out. We’re still going to be there for you with all of our griddled, buttered buns of glory; we’re just going to have to take it up a notch. We think a $2 burger is still a pretty good deal, and we hope you think so too.

While you contemplate these life changes, feel free to check out some of the other changes around The Avenue, like our brand new bottled beer selection!

We really want to thank you all for making The Avenue what it is today. Sure, we have amazing burgers, a great beer selection and the greatest staff to ever grace a bar in the history of planet Earth. But we really couldn’t have done it without all of you, and we thank you for standing by us as we take the steps needed towards future success. Now stop reading, it’s almost summer and we all know what that means: day drinking. Enjoy.
 
Cheers,
The Avenue, Bruins tonight at 8pm! Game sound on, new on draft: Slumbrew Porter Square Porter and Ommegang Rare Vos Amber Ale, The Bruins will be on TV tonight with game sound ON!, The sun is shining and it's dollar burger Monday!!, Come by the Avenue tomorrow for Cinco de Mayo!! Coronas and tequila for all, beer and shot specials until 2am and of course, $1 burgers after 10pm., Specials this week: 2 for $6 tacos: lightly battered rock shrimp with spicy pepper aioli, fried sage, yuzu and chili threads. $5 torta, a Mexican style hand cut pork shoulder sandwich with fresh pineapple, homemade guacamole, shredded lettuce and picked red jalapenos., Come by and try our new veggie burger, a house made falafel lightly fried with Greek yogurt tatziki and picked red jalapenos., In case anyone is wondering we ARE OPEN today! Happy Easter, see you at the bar. 

Also, there have been a few Wrestlemania inquiries; if you have a group who is interested in purchasing the Pay Per View event next Sunday drop us a line, we're in full support of Sunday drink slinging and suplexing., New on draft: Sixpoint Brownstone, Dogfish Aprihop, Calico Amber, Stone Arrogant Bastard, Troegs Dreamweaver, Angry Orchard Cider, and Big Eddy Russian Imperial Stout!!, The Skinny Beet pocast is up! Live from The Avenue featuring some of our staff discussing everyone's favorite libations and other shenanigans. 

http://tellmesomething.org/sb/?category=PODCAST, Last night’s #LASTMINUTELOVE Tweet Up was a total success, special thanks to Harpoon, ONECondoms, RAWR, and of course, the fine folks at DigBoston! 

Don't forget, The Ave is always available for private and public parties!, null, thank you to all staff and patrons who braved the storm and helped make this week one of The Avenue's best ever! Nemo came for beers and dollar burgers... fact., Hey Allston!! We are weathering the storm with our brave staff and staying open!! Come get snowed in at The Avenue., come celebrate Valentine's Day in style with us at The Ave and the fine folks at DigBoston!

http://digboston.com/laugh/2013/02/youre-invited-digboston-lastminutelove-tweet-up/, We're hosting a DigBoston Tweet Up!

Awesome giveaways, free stuff, lots of Harpoon and good people. 

https://www.facebook.com/events/343091222470311/, null, null, null, It's half-off bar snacks Wednesday! Nachos, chicken fingers, fries, sweet potato tater tots, chili and more!, Happy new year! No cover and free champagne toast at midnight! Come ring in 2013 with us at the Ave!, We survived our holiday party, now it's time to start thinking about booking yours at The Avenue! Celebrate in style with craft beer and burgers., Happy holidays from The Avenue!, New on draft at The Avenue: Stone Lucky Bastard! We're lucky bastards to have gotten one of the 100 barrels made of this stuff, a brilliant blend of Stone Arrogant Bastard, Oaked Arrogant Bastard and Double Bastard. This 8.5% ale is the perfect way to stay warm as we head into winter., If you are going to see #Aerosmith on Monday at 1325 Comm Ave, don't forget that it's also DOLLAR BURGER DAY at The Avenue!, We are weathering the storm today with dollar burgers, bloody Mary's/Sandy's and Hurricanes! Put your swimmies on and join us at The Avenue., Happy Sunday Funday!! We have .25 wings all day and night & the NFL ticket playing all the games! Come on down for a bloody mary or a pint of the newly tapped Dark Horse Perkolator coffee dopplebock., Shipyard Pumpkin is officially tapped!, Gearing up for Pats kickoff tomorrow!, It's dollar burger night and Monday Night Raw's 1,000th show tonight at the Avenue! New on draft: Green Flash EPA, Happy 4th of July everyone! Beat the heat today with cold beer and half priced bar snacks at The Avenue., Come on down to The Avenue and try our newly tapped brews: Stone Cali-Belgique IPA, Dogfish Festina Peche, Dark Horse Crooked Tree, and Pretty Things Baby Tree!, It's dollar burger Monday!!, null, Country night!, Tonight the ave kicks off our very first county western night!!, Come on down to Taste of Allston and try a fresh ground burger served by our bartender Lizzie and server Danielle!, Come on down to Taste of Allston today and get your hands on Avenue burgers and White Horse Tavern chili!! (Harvard Stadium in Allston), dollar burger monday!!!, Celtics game tonight! Come on down and watch the C's beat the heat!! New on draft: Great Divide Hoss, Brooklyn Summer and Green Flash Hop Head Red!, The city of Boston and The Avenue are excited to announce that as of Friday, May 25th we will now be open until 2am!!!!!, It's dollar burger Monday!!!, Bruce Springsteen and Doug Bacon, an amazing Saturday night at The Avenue!, Half priced bar snacks all day until last call tonight at The Ave! Newly tapped, Troegs Nugget Nectar., celebrate dollar burger monday in style at the Ave today-- How many can you eat? 8? 9? It's been done. Put yourself to the test tonight!, happy hump day from all of us at the Avenue! come on down today and tonight for half priced bar snacks!, dollar burger monday!!!, Avenue Saturday nights, getting wild with Allston's greatest!, Newly tapped! Great Divide Titan IPA, Spend your Sunday Funday with us today!! On deck to be tapped: Weihenstephaner Hefe!, It's a gorgeous Sunday and the red sox game is on! Come on by and ask our newest bartender Vanessa to make you a summer cocktail!, Just tapped: Stone IPA... $7.00, 7%, 16 oz!!, third best wings in the city just in time for .25 wing tuesday! thanks CityGusto!!, come on down today from 11am until 1am for .25 cent wings!!, Sticking around for Easter? Don't worry, The Avenue Bar & Grille is open at 11am and we're having a party! Get your rabbit ears and little fluffy tail in gear and keep us company!, come by today and ask about our newly tapped Boulder Mojo IPA and Oscar Blues Dales Pale Ale!!, "Bad rabbit" our April shot of the month!, happy Sunday funday!! come on down and celebrate the sun with out freshly tapped Sam Summer Ale and Flying Dog In Heat Wheat Hef!!, welcome... SAM ADAMS SUMMER ALE!!!, Half priced bar snacks from 11am-1am today!! Pretzels, corn dog bites, toasted raviolis, nachos and more. Also, freshly tapped 21st Amendment "Back in Black" IPA!, Yup, this happened. Twenty dollar burgers., happy dollar burger Monday! stop by and see our all-star staff, all hands on deck tonight!!, Meet our lovely bar staff- bartender Lizzie and servers Danielle and Vanessa!, Come on by tonight for half priced bar snacks!! Half off pretzels, corn dog bites, toasted raviolis and more!!, Awesome sign made for us by one of our amazing regulars!!, Come struggle through the day after St. Patrick's Day with us at The Avenue! Newly tapped after a brief hiatus, Troegs Dreamweaver!, Bear Republic BLACK RACER!!  Just tapped., Just tapped: Anderson Valley Hop 'Ottin!, hey! those are our sweet potato tator tots he's talking about! Page 36 of The Weekly Dig. hopefully they found a good home., hey everyone! Love our burgers? Vote for us on Boston.com! Click "other" and type in "The Avenue". Help us put our burgers on the map!! , Just tapped!  Stone Vertical Epic  11.11.11    Come and get it!, tonight is the last night to grab our February shot of the month "Swamp Water" for only $4! come on down and celebrate Leap/Hump day!, null, null, come on by today and every tuesday for .25 wings! Honey BBQ, sweet and sour, buffalo, garlic parm and our famous mind eraser made in house with ghost chilis. YUM!, got a case of the Mondays? come on down for our traditional Avenue burger for only $1, all day until midnight!, hey everyone! we now have a twitter... follow us at www.twitter.com/theaveboston!)