List(Due to an electrical issue, we will be closed Tuesday evening. We will be back open tomorrow for our normal business hours. We apologize for any inconvenience., Fat Cat is searching for full time line cooks. If you or anyone you know is looking for them have them come fill out an application and join the team., Passport bourbon dinner menu. Call Passport today to make your reservation. This one will sell out quick. 339-201-4189, Treat yourself or someone special to a 5 course Jacks Abby beer dinner at Passport next Tuesday the 29th at 7:30. Call for details or reservations 339-201-4189, Dear Fat Cat patrons, in honor of our 4th of July celebrations we will be closed on July 4th. We will be open on Sunday the 5th our normal business hours starting at 11AM. We hope to see you all then. Please have a happy and safe 4th of July!, 6 course wine dinner at our sister restaurant Passport next Tuesday night! Call us for booking details 339-201-4189. Hope to see you there!, Sorry for the delay..., Fat Cat fans, we are aware of the tax issue. We are working with the state on this matter to reopen as soon as possible, hopefully tomorrow. This is not the end of The Fat Cat and it's wonderful customers., Thank you everyone for braving the elements for Valentine's Day! As of right now we will be opening on Sunday at 5 pm. We may open earlier but that's the plan. Stay safe and happy love day!, Hey guys with the impending 8 feet of snow, fat cat and passport will be closed Tuesday. We hope to open Wednesday for normal business but will keep you posted. Stay warm and stay safe., We don't think we  have ever been happier having a keg of Pretty Things Field Mouse Farewell waiting to be tapped! We will let you know when it is!, 106 Proof Four Roses Single Barrel Bourbon only available at The Fat Cat and Passport. Happy Valentine's Day!!, We are prepared for the wing onslaught for your Super Bowl needs! Squares, commercials and Fat Cat food is all you need!, Our chef's special today is Lomo Saltado: Peruvian marinated beef, tomato, and onion over a bed of white rice topped with fried purple Peruvian potatoes., Today's Catch of the Day- Blackened grouper topped with a lobster, pickled cucumber, and grape tomato salad served with broccolini and garlic mashed potatoes., Today's Chef Special: Blackened ribeye, topped w/ goat cheese, balsamic reduction, &fried onions, served over garlic mashed potatoes and broccolini., The Grain of the Day: Chef-made Mediterranean meatballs in a spicy tomato sauce over Israeli couscous w/ sautéed spinach served w/ garlic bread., Our Catch of the Day: seared swordfish topped with tomato tarragon jam, served with fingerling potatoes and a sautéed vegetable medley of zucchini, summer squash, and snow peas., Today's Grain of the Day: braised beef rib over potato gnocchi in a sun dried tomato pesto., Seared salmon over fried rice with crispy fried noodles., If you missed our other restaurant Passport on The Phantom Gourmet don't worry about it. They are replaying the show Tomorrow morning at 11am. What better way to wake up from a Red Sox win hangover!, Grilled duck breast over cilantro risotto topped with an orange gastrique., Mahi over garlic mashed potatoes topped with an Asian sesame slaw., Seared Sea Scallops, Roasted Butternut Squash & Scallion Risotto w/ Lobster Cream, Cajun Catfish, Fennel & Apple Succotash w/ Hushpuppies over Collard Greens, Seared Salmon over garlic mashed potatoes with a vegetable medley and herb compound butter., Seared Mako Shark over coconut milk rice with corn and carrot., Shrimp, scallops, mussels, roma tomato in an olive/mushroom cream sauce w/penne., Chef Special: Fried chicken over cheddar grits w/ asparagus covered in sausage gravy. $15, Bbq Pork Linguini, Tonights Specials:

Grilled Swordfish over a Vegetable Rice Cake. Topped with an Avacado & Tomato Salsa., Blackened Mahi over Basmati Rice topped with a carrot, broccolini, and port cured onion slaw., Want to know about our other restaurant Passport in Weymouth Landing but were afraid to ask? Then check out The Phantom Gourmet this Saturday @ 11AM and find out what Passport is all about!, Wednesday Lunch Special: Blackened Mahi Fish Tacos w/ Salsa, Sour Cream, & Avocado, Todays Specials: 

Cajun Panko Crusted Swordfish w/ asparagus and fingerling potato over a sweet pea puree. 

Chorizo & Chicken Gumbo, Chef Special Tonight: Tequila braised short rib over masa corn cake and salsa verde. Topped with chimmi churri. $16, Chef Special Tonight: Beer braised short rib over garlic mashed potatoes w/ roasted parsnip & butternut squash. $18, Need a place to watch the games today? Come check out Passport and our 8 foot High Def screen. Ipads for checking your Fantasy Stats and free pizza and Chinese food!, We're currently looking for experienced line cooks at both Passport & Fat Cat. Please stop by either restaurant preferably between 12-3pm to fill out an application., Special tonight: Shrimp, scallops, mussels over a creamy cilantro risotto topped with a pickled red onion & radish salad  $16, Its Fantasy Football time! What better way to show up for your draft than with a whole bunch of Fat Cat wings! Let us take care of your draft day munchies., Dear friends, The Fat Cat has been nominated for best American Bistro on the A-List. We're in 8th place right now, but with your help we could definitely climb up a few notches!!! Thanks in advance!

http://boston.cityvoter.com/the-fat-cat/biz/612228, Fat Cat and Passport Holiday Hours: Fat Cat will be closed on the 4th of July but open normal business hours the rest of the week. Passport will be closed this week and reopen on Tuesday July 9th at 4PM. Have a great, safe holiday everyone!, Check out the review from last Sunday's Globe on our new restaurant Passport.  The kitchen will be open until midnight today and tomorrow for all your late night munch needs., The water main is fixed, our water lines are purged. We will be open for business @ 5PM., Due to a water main break on the "New Quincy Center" project, The Fat Cat will not be able to open for normal business hours today. (insert sad face here) As soon as we can open we will let you know., Please check out and "like" the official facebook page for passport

https://www.facebook.com/pages/Passport/663264860355541?fref=ts, Passport Hours: Tuesday-Thursday kitchen is open until 10PM, Friday and Saturday kitchen is open until 11PM. Bar is open Tuesday through Saturday 4-1AM, Passport will be open tonight and tomorrow for walk in service during our friends and family event. We will be open for our gran opening Thursday @ 5 PM., Passport news: We opened the doors for a dry run on Friday and Saturday last week and were very happy with the response. Passport will be open for business this Thursday at 5PM. With the madness behind us, let's celebrate with good food and good booze., Our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone in Boston and everyone watching. Hug your friends and family., We will be hosting The Ronnie Mund Block Party with Beetlejuice at The Fat Cat this Saturday from 1-3pm. $10 gets you a meet and greet, a pulled pork slider and a beer. Should be interesting...., Hello everyone! The Fat Cat will be closed tomorrow in observance of the Easter holiday.  We hope the Easter Bunny treats everyone well.  Quick update on Passport we are in the staff training process now and we are shooting to open by mid April at the latest., We will be accepting applications for our new restaurant Passport this coming week. You can apply at The Fat Cat Tuesday and Wednesday between 11-5 and at Passport in Weymouth Landing Thursday and Friday afternoons. The interviews will take place the following week. Hope to see you soon., Open for business!, Another update and this one is good! While here digging ourselves out our power came back on. We will be open tomorrow for "normal" business! If we need to open later than normal we will post here., Hey everybody! Just an update from our end. We are still without power at The Fat Cat. There is a good chance we will not be open tomorrow. Hope you have all gotten to a safe warm place or at least a bottle of booze., With the driving ban still in effect and the City of Quincy without power. We will not be opening today. Please stay safe and warm., Soooooo, unfortunately it seems our plans of staying open have been squashed by the Governator's ban on driving anywhere.  We will be closed today as of 3PM.  We hope to be open for normal business hours tomorrow. We shall keep you posted.  Well played snowpocalypse. Stay safe people., Happy Super Bowl Sunday everybody!!! We have 5000 wings today for your party needs. When they are gone they are gone. Have fun, be safe and may you all hit your squares!!!, Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays to everyone! We will be closing the dining room this evening @ 530 tonight but we can get you a gift certificate as long as someone is here. Closed on Christmas Day. Have fun and stay safe!, To the customer who just came in and gave $10 to every employee working including the kitchen staff and the dishwashers. THANK YOU!! Your random act of kindness was an unexpected day maker., We at The Fat Cat feel that in this time of tragedy and heartbreak, we would like to help.  For the entire month of January, The Fat Cat will donate ALL of the sales from all of the children ordering kids meals in the restaurant to one of the many scholarship funds that are being set up in memory of the Newtown CT. tragedy., The First of 2 announcements.  On Dec. 17th The Fat Cat turned 5 years old.  Thank you so much for your patronage and making it fun to come to work.  From now until the end of December we will have $5 specials for our anniversary.  Any glass of Fat Cat wine will be $5.  Our baskets of Fries, Deep Fried Pickles and Haystack Onion Strings will also be $5 each.  Thank you to all of our customers, we wouldn't have made it 5 years without you!!!, Happy Turkey Day from your friends at The Fat Cat! Have a happy and safe holiday. We will be closed tomorrow and if your turkey leftovers don't meet expectations come down Friday and grab a deep fried turkey sammich!, The Fat Cat will be open and cooking as long as we have power. So if you have no power, we are assuming you are reading this with your phone. Come on down and brave the storm with some good food and drinks!, So we have been neglecting all of our facebook friends because we have been hard at work on our new concept "Passport". Come try a few of the menu ideas we have for Passport at The Fat Cat tonight. Braised short rib bolognese with marinated mushrooms, rendered pancetta and a red wine cream sauce or try the braised pork bellie sliders with chinese mustard, pickled cucumbers and raw kim chi., Dear wonderful Fat Cat friends, The Fat Cat will be closed Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday July 3rd, 4th, and 5th in observance of the 4th of July.  Please have a fantastic and safe holiday.  See you soon., Windows open, beer and food. What more could a father want? Happy Father's Day to all you dada's out there!, 20 beers, 20 cases.  When they are gone they are gone., In honor of the American Craft Beer fest in Boston, we are doing a limited time specialty beer list later this week.  The list will feature 20 new craft beers for your beer craving consumption!!!!, A big Happy Mother's Day to all of you Mom's who have the only 24/7 job there is!!, 2 announcements, 1 small, 1 big.  Small first just in time for cinco de mayo Now on Tap: Bear Republic "Lucha Libre" supposedly the only keg of it in the state.  2nd announcement:  We just signed the lease for our next location.  A new concept coming soon...., 2 new items for mass consumption.  Chef Tom's Scratchmade Buttermilk Fried Chicken dinner with collard greens, biscuits, garlic mashed taters and country style sausage gravy for $17 and we also made a  couple batches of our famous white and red sangrias., Now on tap: Troeg's Brewing Nugget Nectar, While some places are ushering in summer beers before baseball even starts, we have some gems being tapped: Geary's Anniversary Reserve Ale and Dogfish Head Black and Red. The Black and Red is a chocolatey, minty, and fruity beer with 10.5% ABV that only comes in kegs.  After those 2 we will have true spring seasoned beers., We will be dishing out corned beef and cabbage boiled dinners all week. Might as well get it out of the way now, so you can save room for the more important stuff on St. Patty's Day., We are running our Valentine's Specials all weekend right through Tuesday night.  So if you want to celebrate early we got you covered., Fat Cat special: 2 different types of scratch-made traditional pierogis, veggie and meat filled.  6 pierogis for $10.  Handmade from scratch even the dough., NOW ON TAP: Firestone Walker XV! Fifteenth Anniversary Ale. A 12.5% ABV Grand Cru with a blend of 8 different barrel aged beers.  This will be gone as quick as the Dogfish 120., NOW ON TAP:  Dogfish Head 120 Minute IPA!!!!  It's an 8 oz. pour for 7 bucks. Limit of 3 per customer.  Get it while it lasts cause it won't be around for long!, Had a customer wearing a Joe Flacco shirt in The Fat Cat last night.  The abuse this man caught was nothing short of epic., Now on tap:  Dogfish Head's Pangea an ale brewed with crystalized ginger and Avery's "The Beast" a 14.5% ALC Grand Cru., It's the New Year and we start by hitting 2000 likes.  Thanks to everybody who "likes" us.  We like you too., All of us at The Fat Cat wish everyone a safe and eventful New Year! If the Mayans are right at least we had some great memories together.  We look forward to seeing you next year!!!!!, Even more Christmas big beer goodness!!!!  Just tapped tonight: Stone Brewing Double Bastard Ale 10.5% ALC, We come bearing gifts!!! Now flowing on tap: Troeg's Mad Elf Ale, 11% ALC,
Mad Elf Ale is brewed with Honey, Cherries, and Chocolate.  Coming very soon: Dogfish 120 Minute IPA and Avery's 14.5% ALC grand cru "The Beast", Congratulations to our own Victoria and Ryan!  Couldn't have had a better fall day to get married.  We hope you and all of your guests have a blast., Things we have: Power, Food, and Booze.  
Things we don't have: A Panic Button
We will be here if you want to say hello., We are having a kick the keg special to start making room for everyone's favorite pumpkin beers!!!  Dogfish Head Festina Peche is now $4 and the special with a shot of peach schnapps is $5.  We have 3 kegs left, if you get the last beer and kick the keg we are going to give you a $25 Gift Certificate. Being paid to drink might be illegal....., Our most sincere and humble thanks to all that voted to make us #1 on Boston.com's  A-list for Mac and Cheese.  Who would have thunk a little Quincy restaurant could do such big things?  You guys are the best., http://ctvr.us/thefatcat0.    Hey Everyone voting is closing this week so if you haven't voted for us for best mac and cheese let's get on it.  Also while you are there help out a friend of The Fat Cat and vote for Babycakes as best cupcakes! Thanks everybody!!, The Fat Cat will be closed Sunday July 3rd, Monday July 4th, and Tuesday July 5th in observance of a special birthday party.  We will be open to stuff your gullets our normal hours Wednesday., http://photos-e.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc6/252829_1682685640830_1648278316_1272356_1353289_s.jpg
Fat Cat bruin beer special.  A guiness floated with dogfish head black and blue, http://www.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fctvr.us%2Fthefatcat0&h=e70ca      Help out The Fat Cat and vote for us as the best mac and cheese!!!!!, Mother's Day Specials: Seared Red Snapper served with grilled asparagus, bacon fried fingerling potatoes topped with a romesco sauce and preserved lemon.  Roasted Leg of Lamb served with root vegetables, sweet potato hash and a balsamic demi glaze.  Treat your mom and yourself to some Fat Cat., So in honor of Osama bin Laden dying, we will be changing our charlie sheen "tiger blood" drink special to something more, death to osama like. What should we name the "osama is dead" cocktail?, Now on tap: Dogfish Head Sah tea, an ale brewed with black chai tea and juniper berries with a 9%abv kick, Tom's chef special creation.  Spaghetti squash bolognese with short ribs and pickled carrots in a squash shell. Yummers, The Fat Cat will be closed this Sunday April 24, 2011 in observance of Easter.  We hope you enjoy your day., New on tap this week: Ithaca Brewing Apricot Wheat and Dogfish Head Red and White.  They both taste like spring., Sooooo.... we have good news and bad news.  The good news is, it's almost St. Patty's Day and that means we will be serving the best damned boiled dinner this side of Dublin. Starts Thursday and should have it all weekend too.  The bad news is we couldn't figure out how to dye it green....., Says thank you a million times over to all of our great customers.  Hope you all had a great Valentine's Day.  Thanks for voting us the The Best mac and cheese and the 2nd best fries in the Boston Area.  This was on the Boston Restaurant Talk blog.  It's a great little tool with all sorts of restaurant info, check out it's parent website:  www.hiddenboston.com, Wonders why people steal little things, like salt shakers.  Are you a member of SLA (salt lovers anonymous) ,are you a closet kleptomaniac, or are you sticking it to the man?  Because we've never been The Man, and if you see The Man tell him to give us back our salt shaker.  Thank you., Another of Chef Coleman's  Valentine's Day specials:  Lobster Ravioli in a basil cream sauce served with jumbo shrimp and lobster garnish, or try the roasted chilean sea bass served with jasmine rice and baby zucchini with a charred tomato sauce., One of the 5!!! Specials for Valentine's is a shoutout to our old bosses and friends from 53 South. Duck Two Ways: An 8 oz. marinated and seared Long Island Duck Breast served with duck leg confit and lamb belly cassoulet!, Valentine's Weekend Beer Special: 1 750ml bottle of Lindeman's Framboise Lambic AND 1 16.9oz Nitro Can of Youngs Double Chocolate Stout for $16.  Think chocolate covered raspberry beer.......and we can cork the Lambic for you to take home., Join us this Love Weekend!  We will be featuring our Valentine's Day specials for the entire weekend.  Look for Appetizer, Entree, Dessert, Wine and Beer Specials the whole weekend.  More info to come...., The Fat Cat will be closing at 9PM this evening (Tues. Feb. 1) and will not be opening tomorrow (wed. Feb. 2).  Please be safe and we apologize for the inconvenience., The SNOWPOCALYPSE has dumped it's wintery wrath down upon us.  Those of you sitting by the computer wondering what to do, come on down to The Cat.  We are open so come fill your gullets with beer, wine and food!!!  What's better than shoveling? Shoveling with a buzz!, Due to the impending Snowpocalypse, The Fat Cat will not be open for lunch on Wednesday, January 11, 2011.  We will, however be open at 5pm for dinner.  Please stay safe!!, Blue Cheese and Granny Smith Apple Bisque, the perfect warm up soup., Happy New Year To All of Our friends and enemies!!!!! We'll see you next year!, Merry Christmas to all and may your wastebands expand!!!, This week only we have a special guest appetizer appearance by: HOGWINGS!!!!!!  If you don't know about these they are mini pork shanks tossed in a sweet sesame glaze.  So addictive they may get banned like 4LOCO!!!!, Working hard on new beer and wine menus while Chef Tom is concocting the "Next Big Thing" for everyone else to emulate.  New food menu coming soon stay tuned......, Thanks again everybody!!!!!!, Thank you to everyone who voted in NECN's Baby You're The Best "Best Mac and Cheese in New England" poll.  The Fat Cat took home 1st Place with 45.98% of the votes. That is impressive people!!!  Check out NECN.com for details.  We will be featured on NECN tomorrow.  Thanks again to everybody who voted.  We are purring., If you come in today and order the deep fried turkey sandwich with stuffing, cranberry mango chutney and chipotle mayo and we look at you a little funny, it's because yesterday was Thanksgiving and we don't expect people to want turkey. That is all., Happy Turkey Day to all!! May your day be filled with food, football, family, and fun!, Let The Fat Cat make your Thanksgiving Dinner!!! We are offering Thanksgiving Day meals and sides.  Orders need to be received by Monday, November 22 and Picked up no later than 6 PM Thanksgiving Eve.  Stop in or call for details., In observance of the Veterans who fought to keep our Country as great as it is, The Fat Cat is offering free dessert (with dinner) on Veterans Day ,November 11, to any customer with a valid military ID.  Thank you for your service, we wouldn't be here without it., Have you ever seen that show "Hoarders"?  Well, we have and we hoarded all the pumpkin beer we could.  So while other places don't have your favorite seasonal beer anymore, we got plenty.  We should have pumpkin beer on tap straight through Thanksgiving.  Why? Because we like you...., Fall braising season=awesomeness in your tummy.  Grain of the day is Chef Tom's Braised Oxtail over rice noodles in a vietnamese broth.  Deliciousness.  Also don't forget our beer braised Kurrobuta Pork belly with an apple cider puree.  If you haven't had kurrobuta pork its like the greatest bacony goodness ever. I'm hungry now....., Would like to thank all 1,000 people who "like" The Fat Cat.  We are all blushing over here....., Welcome to Pork Nirvana!  The Chef Special: A 12 ounce Kurobuta Pork Porter House chop and a Braised Kurobuta Pork Belly served with a cherry apple cider au jus with sweet potato mash and green beans for $22.  You need to treat yourself to this., Congratulations to the man behind the mac executive chef Tom Coleman and his beautiful bride Maureen O'Malley!!!  Their wedding was gorgeous, and if you ever have the chance to go to a chef's wedding do it because the food is going to be fantastic! P.S. GO PATS!!, Soooo....It's officially PATRIOTS season which means FALL BEERS AND DRINKS!!!!!  Saranac Pumpkin on tap,  Shipyard Pumpkinhead and 22oz. Pumpkin Smash (9%alc) in bottle, Paul Wolaver's Organic Pumpkin Ale,  Mayflower Autumn Harvest on tap, Berkshire Brewing Octoberfest on tap and Homemade Roasted Apple and Cinnamon Vodka for Apple Cider Martinis. ANYONE THIRSTY??, Holy Specials!!! Chef Tom went all out today.  The grain of the day is scallops, shrimp, and mussels tossed in a madeira cream sauce with scallion, carrot and mushrooms over potato and bacon ravioli.  My favorite, the Chef Special, is house cured 4 week dry aged all natural strip steak sliced rare with a bed of mesculin greens, blue cheese crumbles, capers, heirloom tomatoes and a balsamic reduction glaze., One of our own is getting married today.  Congratulations to  Danielle and Sean, what a beautiful day to get married!!!!, Appetizer Special starting tonight (Tuesday):  The Fat Cat PuPu Platter,  2 big bone beef spare ribs with homemade asian bbq sauce, Homemade Crab Rangoons, homemade duck confit spring rolls with a Fat Cat sweet and sour sauce., The windows are open and the booze is flowing.....wait till the sun goes down and come get your drink on., Anyone know a line cook looking for a change of scenery or in need of a job?  Send them down to The Fat Cat and let us mold them into mac cooking machines.  Seriously, we are looking for a line cook up to 35 hours a week, tell your friends., Guess what? Our air conditioning works and we have cold beer......., The Fat Cat will be closed July 3rd, 4th, and 5th in honor of our Great Nation's Independence. (We also want to watch fireworks)  For those who don't have a calendar, that's next Saturday, Sunday, and Monday.  Have a happy and safe 4th of July, Happy Father's Day to all of our wonderful fatherly patrons!, Cure for the summertime blues: summertime brews!  Now available for immediate thirst quenching and consumption.  Leinenkugel Summer Shandy (beer with lemonade), Leinenkugel berry weiss, Abita Strawberry Harvest Ale,  Unibrouie Ephemere Green Apple beer, and Watermelon Wheat Beer. Also coming soon is Mayflower's Summer Rye on tap. Eat! Drink! Live!  P.S. Go Celtics!, Lets' go Celtics!!!! Lebron's Elbow says what?, http://www.mefeedia.com/video/30998908, Join us tomorrow for a Fat Cat Cinco de Mayo!  Chef Tom Coleman's Mexican inspired specials (mole rubbed pork tenderloin, Yumm!!!),  Neil's homemade family sangria recipe, and Ice cold Margarita's.  By the way it's Sarah the day bartenders birthday too!! EL GATO GORDO, In 4 hours The Fat Guy from The Fat Cat will be on The Food Network premiere of "Outrageous Foods" at 10PM.  DVR it, Watch it, or come drink with us!, Less than 24 hours and The Fat Cat is going national baby!  Tune in Saturday night April 24 @ 10pm for The Food Network special "Outrageous Food".  Watch owner Neil Kiley make an ass of himself., I'm going to be schilling like Curt this week!!  The Fat Cat will be featured this Saturday night April, 24 @ 10PM on The Food Network special "Outrageous Foods" with host "Big Daddy" Aaron McCargo Jr.  Set you DVR or come on down and watch with us!!!!, Fat Cat Bar Tricks, Interior and Exterior Photos, Review in the Patriot Ledger, Review on Phantom Gourmet!, Review on Boston.com)