List(Come on in today for brunch, cocktails and live HARP music! Don't make yourself regret not stopping in between 11 and 3 today!, Karaoke is starting in 30 minutes! Come sing your heart out and have a few beers! Kitchen is open til midnight!! #peopleskaraoke #kendallsq, It's not too late to make #Easter Sunday #brunch reservations while they are still available! Call 617-945-9086 or go to abigailskendall.com, It's all about the bass tonight.. wild striped bass that is! Topped with a green garlic straight from our garden!, Karaoke at 10 AND the kitchen is open til midnight.. Get down here! #kendallsq #cambma #peopleskaraoke #abigails, Karaoke at 10 AND the kitchen is open til midnight.. Get down here! #kendallsq #cambma #peopleskaraoke #abigails, Nothing says St. Patrick's Day like a Good ol' Boiled Dinner!, Happy St. Patty's! We have the corned beef and cabbage waiting for you.. and of course Jameson and stouts! #stpattys #kendallsquare #cambma, KARAOKE and our new LATE NIGHT MENU! 
starting at 10PM tonight!, Don't forget.. our kitchen is open until midnight! Come grab a beer and a late night burger or veggie burger! #cambma #kendallsq #latenight, We know it's been a long week already! Come on over to our and join us for $5 bar snacks at #AppyHour! 5 to 7!, Who doesn't love taco Tueaday?! Get in here for lunch for our house smoked pork tacos with avocado, jicama and pico! #cambm #kendallsq #taco, Don’t forget - after all the boozin’ tonight, we’re here to nurse you back to health with our hangover brunch tomorrow from 11-3. Have a safe and happy new year!, Have you tried our new Arancini? These glorious little rice balls are served with taleggio cream sauce and candied walnuts. Bon appetit!, The weather outside sure is frightful, hide from the snow and knock back an Adriatic made with rye, amaro montenegro, grapefruit bitters!, Our Kung Kapow Wings get ya right in the kisser - and they’re only 5 bucks from 5-7pm at the bar tonight!, Continue on with the holiday indulgences at brunch and enjoy steak with truffle butter, greens, and two eggs cooked your way!, Are you the lucky recipient of an Abigail’s gift card? Here’s your new favorite dinner - Crispy Skin Salmon with lemon-thyme beurre blanc, braised fennel and tomato, and parsnip puree!, We love when weekends start on Wednesday. Even more so when they start with an Apricot Manhattan!, Kick off the holidays up at our festively decorated bar, sure to get your eyes all aglow just in time for Christmas!

P.S. We’ll be closed tomorrow, and open at 4 on Saturday. Happy holidays!, This week is your last chance to be the best gift giver in all the land - and score a bonus for yourself while you’re at it!, Keeping it light this week in preparation for the holidays? Then you’ll love our Bibb Salad at lunch! (With green grapes, gorgonzola, candied walnuts, and cider vinaigrette.), Patriots, brunch biscuits, beer… All you could ask for and more will be here for you at Abigail’s today!, Have you checked out our new wine list? Perfect for entertaining your holiday parties! Mark suggests his favorite, Michele Chiarlo Barbera d'Asti 2011., Hold someone you <3 or even just tolerate enough to co-exist peacefully while doing The People's Karaoke here tonight at 10:00!, Grab some gifts for the office and get a bonus for yourself!, Need some last-minute holiday party plans? Your friendly neighborhood joint is here to help :) Give us a call at 617-945-9086, room fees waived for Sunday parties!, Oh god… the late-afternoon hunger’s rolling in… We’ll have a grilled pork chop with smoked apple butter, sweet onion and sage risotto, and mustard greens waiting for you at 4:00!, MONDAY SNACK ATTACK. Brought to you by #AppyHour… happening 5-7pm at the bar!, Welcome to your Sunday brunch!, Have you tried our new Martha's Vineyard Spearpoint Oysters? Power-washed, tumbled, and delivered to our restaurant by the owner himself, these oysters are super clean, briny with a little bit of sweetness. Try it for yourself tonight!, Fun fact: Gemelli pasta is also known as “unicorn horns.” Pegasus and friends taste great with sweet sausage, broccoli rabe, and white beans!, Cured salmon nicoise, romano beans, nicoise olives, potato, and egg… a combination perfect for entertaining your holiday guests! Email markabigails@gmail.com about catering and parties to get started., We love bringing the party to YOU! We’re taking catering orders for your office parties, holiday get togethers and more - check our sample menu here:, NOW ON TAP: Maine Beer Company Peeper, one of Forbes’ Best Craft Beers in America! #comeandgetit, Give the gift of blue cheese fries and beer this holiday season! Right now we're offering a FREE 20% bonus of what you spend on gift cards (see photo for details). Your choice whether you keep the bonus for yourself, or add it on to your gift!, What she said.

(P.S. We'll be closing at 3 for a private event this evening... so get your mimosas in at brunch!), It’s almost winter but we’re still showing off our mussels :P Our Maine Mussels are served with confit garlic, tomatoes, herbs de provence, and grilled bread for dipping!, Time’s a-tickin’ for those holiday party plans! Book with us any time on Sundays and we’ll waive the room fee. Email markabigails@gmail.com for details., null, Still in the mood for pumpkin? We've got Cambridge Brewing Company Great Pumpkin Ale on tap, let's hold on to fall together with a couple pints at lunch!, Like our Appy Hour arancini? Then you’ll LOVE our new rice ball dish with taleggio cream sauce and candied walnuts! #comeandgetit, We’re super excited about the new Martha's Vineyard Spearpoint Oysters on our menu! Salty and a little bit sweet, they’re from Katama Bay where they’re power washed and tumbled before the owner Jeremy delivers them to us himself! Come try ‘em out tonight and let us know what you think., Did you know Harpoon Brewery's Winter Warmer was one of the first seasonal beers in the country? Get in the holiday spirit up at our bar with this New England classic!, How ‘bout a fun BRUNCH party for your holiday get together this year? Biscuits, Bloody Marys, bacon… and no room fee. Email markabigails@gmail.com to book yours now., Happy Small Business Saturday! We’re celebrating with our gift card promo - buy 4 gift cards and we’ll give you a 5th of equal denomination FREE! Limited time only., Hope y’all had a great Thanksgiving! Time to escape the family and mow down some short ribs and beer. Kitchen opens at 5 - see you then!, Attention folks - we will be *closed* tomorrow for Thanksgiving and reopening Friday night for dinner. So today we toast to what we’re most thankful for before heading off to grandma’s - beer. Lots of it. 🍻, Screw Netflix - we got your disco fries & chill(ed beer) right here! #AppyHour is 5-7pm!, If your stomach’s already grumbling, you’re not gonna make it through the commute home so you might as well stop here for Appy Hour!, Biscuits, Bug Eyes, and Brunch Skillets - we planned your Sunday for you. Doors open at 11!, Memorize this photo. Think about it deeply as you drift off to sleep tonight. Dream of your meal tomorrow. Wake up and BRUNCH HARD., What’s up vegetarians?? Introducing yer new fave dinner: Madras curry fall vegetables with fried tofu and wild brown rice!, You know what you’ll be thankful for this year? That you did your holiday shopping early and scored yourself a FREE $25 gift card to Abigail’s. Buy four $25 gift cards for your friends/fam and boom - the fifth is all yours., BBQ Chicken Wings with blue cheese and celery: protein, dairy, vegetables… sounds like a balanced meal to us., null, You could have your holiday party in the office with Linda’s questionable fruitcake… or you could hang with us and have bomb-dot-com drinks and dinner. Email markabigails@gmail.com to get started on being the office hero. NO room fee if you party on Sunday night!, Forget all your troubles, come on, get appy—every Sunday through Thursday, we’re serving up a special menu of $5 appetizers at the bar! 

Burgers with special sauce, white bean hummus, kung kapow wings, arancini and disco fries. Stop by from 5:00-7:00pm!, Thoughts and prayers tonight with Tavern Road and our fellow restaurant friends on the loss of Ryan McGrale., The three words every brunch date wants to hear:

Brioche.
French.
Toast., Ain’t no shame in a pink drink - this baby’s filled with hibiscus and chamomile infused gin, fresh lemon, and honey syrup. Cheers!, Things are lookin’ pretty good from here…, We have a FREE gift for you this season! Buy four $25 gift cards for your most beloved friends and you’ll get a fifth for yourself on us! Do you know how many blue cheese fries you could eat with that???!?, Warm yourself up from the inside out today with Sancocho, a traditional Colombian chicken soup with yuca, plantain, potato, avocado, and cilantro!, Happy Veterans Day! We appreciate and thank you for your service, and today we're offering 30% off with your military ID., You won’t dread Sunday night if you have a sweet holiday party to look forward to! Book now and we’ll waive the room fee for your Sunday night party. Email bethabigails@gmail.com for details., BALLS - we got ‘em. Filled with rice, served with San Marzano tomato sauce, and sprinkled with pecorino romano. Get yer arancini fix for 5 bucks at APPY HOUR 5-7pm!, Ain’t nothin’ like Griddled Banana Bread with bourbon whipped cream, candied pecans, and fruit to make you forget your Sunday morning hangover., Looks like the perfect view on a Saturday night!, You are a talented individual. You know it, your mom knows it, so come show off those pipes tonight at The People's Karaoke!! Party starts at 10 and our late-nite menu runs til 12:30. See ya!, Add some liquid to your Appy Hour diet! Our Apple Ginger Martini is a great companion for $5 apps: apples, ginger, lemon vodka, applejack, mathilde poire, lime, demerara., Duck Confit with creamy sherry dressing, dry roasted mushrooms, and mustard greens… Are you pinching yourself? It’s not a dream, it’s your lunch!, Everything you love about the holidays in one glass - rosemary gin, Zirbenz stone pine liqueur, and Boston bitters, aka the Winter Forest cocktail., These national food days are getting a little out of hand... but we can definitely get down with National Sandwich Day.

BONUS: Patio's open on this glorious day all lunch + dinner!, Everything is better with melty cheese, so our Chicken & Brie Panini with apricot jam, roasted garlic puree, and gooey delicious brie? Perfect lunch., Jersey-style DISCO FRIES - a plate of homemade french fries smothered in American Cheese and gravy. Only 5 bucks from 5-7pm!, It’s Halloween! Obviously you have to celebrate with the only gourd that truly matters on this day.

Start off with our Pumpkin Risotto, wash it down with a crisp pumpkin beer and get ready for a sweet mouthful of Pumpkin Creme Brulee., Sit up at the bar and Jose will make you our new Apricot Manhattan, with house apricot bourbon, sweet vermouth, and bitters. Cheers!, FOOD + FOOTBALL: Tonight, get $5 appetizers at Appy Hour and stay for the Patriots game, 50 cent wings start at 8!, We know why Brady’s smiling…. he’s SO happy we’re doing 50 cent wings for Thursday Night Football - sound ON. Come for the Appy Hour 5-7, stay for the game at 8!, Put down  your PSL, it’s time for some Pumpkin Creme Brulee!, #APPYHOUR continues tonight! Disco fries, wings, burgers and more all holla for 5 dolla 5-7pm., Have you heard about #APPYHOUR? Kung KaPOW (right in the kisser) Wings are only 5 bucks 5-7pm Sunday to Thursday. Come and get 'em!, Get started on your holiday party planning and save some $$$! We’re waiving room fees for Sunday night parties - email bethabigails@gmail.com.

We also CATER! Check out a sample menu for your next shindig: http://bit.ly/1HjYpYm, Put on your favorite hoodie, get wrapped up in a scarf, and throw on your puffy-ass vest because it’s Autumn in Bardstown, baby (house-infused apple bourbon, orange liqueur, lemon, cinnamon-sugar rim)., Our Roasted Half Chicken got a makeover for fall! Now served with mushroom pan gravy, golden raisin mostarda, and chestnut stuffing. SO #AUTUMNAL.

The best part? You can still eat it out on the patio :), null, House-smoked pork with Korean BBQ and pickled leeks coming right up! #KSAeatup, The Kendall Square EatUp is today! Come hungry - we’ve got smoked pork with Korean BBQ sauce on crispy wontons. #KSAEatUp, FYI, Want a FREE $25 gift card? Get your holiday shopping done early!

Through 10/31, buy four $25 gift cards and get a fifth for yourself. You deserve it for giving the best gift ever., Grab your favorite shuck buddies for a shuck sesh at our place tonight from 5-7pm! $1 Island Creek oysters all around, plus it's Appy Hour with $5 apps, too!, Introducing APPY HOUR! Starting tonight, get $5 appetizers at the bar every Sunday-Thursday from 5-7pm. Tell all your friends, eat ALL the disco fries!, Anything can be a brunch item if you throw an egg on it - so try our Brunch Burger with a sunny-side egg, American cheese, special sauce, and a potato bun!, Pumpkin heads and beer geeks unite - your favorite seasonal brew has arrived! The Great Pumpkin Ale from Cambridge Brewing Company is now on tap. #drinklocal, Ah, fall, just the right season for a Pumpkin Old Fashioned with Putnam rye from Boston Harbor Distillery!, If our new House Made Reuben doesn’t lure you into our dining room, we have a brand new cocktail menu for fall, too. The mouth full of corned beef is a bonus :P, Thanks Zagat for featuring our Pumpkin Risotto! Available at lunch and dinner for all your gourd-lovin’ needs., No time like the present to start planning your holiday parties! You’ll impress everyone with how punctual you are. 

We’re waiving room fees for Sunday night events, so give Beth a call at 617-945-9086 to book now., Heads up - we'll be closed for brunch today and lunch tomorrow, but dinner time is all yours, baby. Enjoy your three-day weekend!, Staff is here nice and early to learn about the new fall menu we're rolling out tonight! Roasted pumpkin risotto, house-made reuben, madras curried fall veggies, roasted half chicken with chestnut stuffing and LOADS more of your favorite autumnal ish. Dinner starts at 4!, Karaoke Kings and Queens, get your asses over to Kendall Square tonight for The People's Karaoke at 10! Show off your goods and enjoy some late-night eats til 12:30., Two more weeks until we join our neighboring Kendall Square restaurants to knock your socks off at the annual EatUp! It’s gonna be a blast - get your tickets here:, It's about that time for your daily craving of housemade Blue Cheese Fries with bacon... it's not an appetizer, it's an experience., Rib Fest is on rain or shine! Come find us on Cambridge Street and taste the best ribs in town!, There is no actual better way to spend your Sunday afternoon than filling up on the best BBQ in town, so get on up and join us at the SMOKE THIS Rib Fest and Street Fair today from 12-4pm!, A little rain isn't gonna stop you from getting some delicious bouillabaisse, is it??, Get on your finest sweaters and warmest scarves, because something autumnal this way comes - and it's Harpoon Brewery Octoberfest on tap!, We've got your Rainy Friday night eats: Get some Braised Beef Short Rib with chestnut-mushroom polenta and grilled escarole!, Live the dream and sing your heart out with The People's Karaoke tonight at 10! Late-night menu is on ‘til 12:30., It’s World Vegetarian Day - you can find us celebrating with our favorite plant-based beverages!, This delightful piece of pan-seared protein is tasty bluefish swimming in sweet corn sauce and scallion butter with a tarragon-tomato salad that’ll make you forget it’s only Wednesday., Thanks so much to Third Square Apartments and its residents for hanging out!, Resident night starts at 5!, Bring your friends, bring your grandma, bring everyone you know to the East Cambridge Business Association’s SMOKE THIS Rib Fest on Sunday! Sample some bones from your favorite neighborhood joints and see who’s got the best ribs in town!, Mondays suck… $1 oysters do not. Come and get ‘em 5-7pm!, Biscuits and chill?, Your Saturday night mission: drink ALL THE WHISKEY., Don’t ever let anyone tell you that you can’t have your steak and eat it, too. Because you can, and you will… tonight!, Kitchen’s crankin’ and your stomach’s growlin’... sounds like a match made in heaven. Lunch is served!, You’re smart. You’re strong. You make excellent decisions.

So we’ll start cooking up some smoked bluefish cakes because we know that’s what you’re deciding on today :P, Because we can’t get enough smoked meat in our lives, you can find us at the 6th Annual SMOKE THIS Rib Fest on October 4! We’re going head to head with our friends and neighbors to find out once and for all who’s got the best bones in town., Hey folks, unfortunately we have to postpone our Cornhole Patio Party this weekend. Check back for a new date soon!, null, Two very important updates for you:

1. It’s Monday. That means $1 OYSTERS 👍 (5-7pm)
2. Cornhole Pig Roast Patio Party is happening this weekend! Don’t give yourself FOMO, grab a ticket here: http://bit.ly/cornhole926, #BRUNCHSOHARD, We’re hanging at the Taste of WGBH Food & Wine Festival all day today! Find us at the Artisan Taste sessions cookin’ up the goods with nearly 30 awesome local chefs., You may or may not have the voice, but you definitely have the guts. Tonight's your night. The People's Karaoke starts at 10!, Afternoon slump? It's National Cheeseburger Day! Get the eff out of the office and come celebrate!, CLAFOUTI. Fun to say, even more fun to eat. Come enjoy this scrumptious dessert tonight, you deserve it., CORNHOLE

PIG ROAST

PATIO PARTY

Narragansett Beer

Get your tickets: http://bit.ly/cornhole926, You thought the heat was over, LOL. Need air conditioning? Need a cocktail? #wehaveboth #comeandgetit, September 26th. Get your cornhole on once more on our patio!, Oh wow it’s Monday again, time for our favorite game of Shuck, Shuck, BOOZE! Dollar Island Creek Oysters will be here waiting 5-7pm!, PERK UP, we have coffee and booze… together. Get a Bug Eye with coffee syrup, vanilla vodka, coffee liqueur, and cream. OR you can ask our resident vegan Brian to make you a dairy-free version with almond milk!, Whether your app style is more blue cheese fries or proteins n’ greens, we’ve got you covered today. See you at 4:00, Kendall Square!, CORNHOLE ALERT

We had a blast last time so we’re bringing Boston Cornhole back for another patio party! $20 tickets gets you pig parts, snacks, game play, and some Narragansett swag. You people love yer cornhole so get tickets now before they’re gone! http://bit.ly/cornhole926, ***Tag a friend to win free apps!***

TONIGHT: Get your New England Patriots Patriots gear on and come stuff your face with 50 cent wings and $2 Memphis-style dry ribs. Your choice of sauces are as follows: 

RIBS - Korean BBQ, Reggae BBQ, and Melt Your F*ckin’ Face Off BBQ.
WINGS - Buffalo Mild, Medium, and Sh*tting Razor Blades.

Sound fun? IT IS. COME AT 8!, Calling all New England Patriots fans! 

Come nosh on 50 cent wings and $2 ribs tomorrow night as we celebrate the return of football, home games, and most importantly, BRADY.

Tag your favorite football buddy and win free apps!, WE’RE BACK. We’ve missed your faces, especially when they are buried in a bowl of our queso fundido! (Queso fresco, chorizo, avocado, and pico de gallo.), Happy Labor Day, folks. We’re taking the day off but will see you at 11:30 sharp tomorrow!, Hot, soft, flaky biscuits dripping with with savory, delicious sausage gravy… is your mouth watering yet? Brunch starts at 11, come and get ‘em.

P.S. Brunch is ‘til 3, abbreviated menu ‘til 9, then closed tomorrow. So come get yer biscuits while you can!, In two weeks, you can find us at The Taste of WGBH Food & Wine Festival! We’ll be joining nearly 30 other chefs on September 19 for both parts of The Artisan Taste, and you can get your tickets now on Eventbrite. See you there!, 🇮🇹 A lesson in Italian: Tagliatelle. Pronounced tahl-yuh-TEL-ee, often served with smoked mushrooms, chives, and parmesan, and eaten on a patio with a glass of wine or five., Did you know September is National Biscuit Month??? It’s a sign - you need to make brunch plans for Sunday so you can try these hot and fluffy nuggets of heaven. DO IT: www.opentable.com/abigails, The best decision you’ll make on this hot-as-hell day is to ask Brian to make you a Texas BBQ (watermelon-infused vodka, fresh watermelon, jalapeno). #trustus, If the sun is hot in your neighborhood, who you gonna call? GAZPACHO!, If you’re not here for dollar oyster night, why do you want your Monday to be so bad? Buck a shuck from 5-7pm!, Smoked Pork Hash with two eggs your way, greens, and an English muffin. 

#BRUNCHOFCHAMPIONS, Our favorite drinking game: Pound a beer every time someone says, “HOT ENOUGH FOR YA??”, Today’s the last day to get takeout from our patio grill! Come by and grab a juicy-ass burger with all your favorite toppings to get the weekend started on the right foot., Find us at the Kendall Square Farmer’s Market today! We’ll be serving pulled pork with slaw, watermelon, and pickles from 11-2., Tonight's specials! French Breakfast with radish, foie butter, and sea salt, and Kale Salad with pickled red onion, pistachio, and French feta., The Fishwich is BACK! This baby is topped with iceberg, American cheese, and cherry pepper tartar on a soft potato bun., Cheers to the work day almost being over… and yes, these drinks will be waiting for you at 5:00 sharp!

Photo: @bjornandcompany, It’s Monday and we’re shuckin’ things up from 5-7pm. Come get your Island Creeks for $1 with your food or drink!, Biscuits and banana bread, my friends, THiS is how you brunch. Props for @c_raftery for the photo!, No better feeling than sitting down to a plate of meat after a long week. Our pistachio-crusted rack of lamb ought to satisfy you, with heirloom tomato ratatouille and sauce vert., Hope you're not wearing socks 'cause our striped bass ceviche will knock 'em right off!, Rain or shine, there's always a Thai Breeze at Abigail's! (Thai basil, coconut rum, coconut almond milk, pineapple, and orgeat.), There are few things more satisfying than throwing a hunk of steak on your healthy plate. Grilled Steak Salad with hearts of palm, tomato, avocado, and smoked jalapeno vinaigrette - lunch is served!, This is about as New England as it gets - get your seafood on with some Maine Steamers in warm broth, drawn butter, and lemon!, This is more than a BLT… it’s a BLTGCBCD (bacon, lettuce, tomato, grilled chicken, blue cheese dressing). 

But you can just call it “lunch.” See you at 11:30!, Howdy Shucksters, Shuckaneers, and Shuckleberry Finns, do yourself a favor and head over to our place for $1 oysters. Island Creeks from 5-7pm!, Get yer brunch in today! Try our griddled banana bread, served with fresh, locally grown, artisanal, vegan, vegetarian fruit from the Farmer’s Market!, The only way to truly enjoy Surf n’ Turf is in the blazing summer heat, an ice cold beer in one hand and a lobster tail in the other. Get some tonight - served with grilled hanger steak, a loaded baked potato, and grilled escarole., Tonight's dinner special is Grass-Fed Local NY Strip Steak with a potato-egg cake and arugula salad!, Still making your Friday night plans? The People's Karaoke is where it's at tonight! Come join us at 10pm, kitchen's open til 12:30!, We’re firing up the patio grill today! Build your own burger for lunch with all the toppings your little heart desires, like this stunner from one of our customers!, Summer ain’t over yet, just look at Stuffed Summer Farm Veg dish! A healthy plate of goodness served with an herb salad and fine balsamic for the fancy pants in you., On our 4th anniversary we'd like to say thanks to everyone who has joined us in Kendall Square - our staff, our friends, our guests and everyone who chose us to host their special occasions, we are so grateful to you and are looking forward to many more years of great memories!, 4 years ago today we opened our doors for the first time! Thank you to our loyal customers for all your support!
Team Abigail's, Soak in every last bit of summer in the next few weeks! Our Cucumber & Sweet Tomato Salad should do the trick (with pickled red onion, basil, feta, red wine vin, and grilled bread)., Need another notch in your belt for National Sandwich Month? How ‘bout some Smoked Turkey with mole, smashed avocado, queso fresco, and pickled red onion?, Holla for a dolla oyster tonight! Island Creek Oysters are waiting for you, come get ‘em 5-7pm!, null, Feeling a little under the weather this morning? Come get your vitamin D on the patio and sip on some Mango Ginger Lemonade with Absolut Citron Vodka!, Thanks for coming out and big ups to Notch Brewing for throwing the party with us! Who knew everyone was so good at kornhole?? We are definitely doing this again!, Patio party is in full swing! Come pig out!, IT’S KORNHOLE DAY!! Come join our Notch Brewing patio party slash pig roast slash kornhole tourney at 4pm and win some swag and an Abigail’s gift card!, Take your hot date for some Linguini & Clams tonight and we bet it’ll go so well they’ll wanna come back for our kornhole tourney tomorrow! http://bit.ly/ABkornhole, This is a delightful summer salad if we do say so ourselves. Get to the patio and chow down on a Tuna Panzanella Salad with Sticky Balsamic!, STARVING ARE YA? You’re gonna love our Smoked & Grilled BBQ Chicken for dinner. This massive piece o’ poultry is served with bacon-dill potato salad, corn on the cob, and fresh watermelon. #YUM, IT’S HERE: National Oyster Day is upon us, and it’s time to get properly shucked. Our special menu starts at 5, get it all for 50 bucks or order a la carte!

Pssst…. mention this post when making your reservation and get half a dozen dolla O’s!, NO RAIN DATE FOR KORNHOLE! If it rains Saturday, we move the pig and the players inside and party on as scheduled.

Two tickets available: $20 gets you a spot in the tourney + Notch Brewing swag, food from the grill and a Session beer. $15 gets you all access to the whole-roasted pig.

For those with commitment issues who just wanna hang, grab a free ticket to let us know you're coming and enjoy our special menu a la carte., “Liquid Lunch.” - @vickiee_j knows what’s up! Come grab a cocktail on your break, we won’t tell anyone :P, Ahoy, shuckaneers, start preparing for National Oyster Day with $1 Island Creek Oysters tonight 5-7pm!

(National Oyster Day Celebration: http://bit.ly/NODabigails), You want biscuits?

Buttermilk Biscuits?

With sausage gravy?

YOU GOT ‘EM. Begin your hangover brunch with these babies and your Sunday’s off to a pristine start., HEADS UP: Coming to our kornhole tourney? Make sure you get your teams in by noon on August 8! Email your teams/members to bethabigails@gmail.com.

But first… get yer tickets: http://bit.ly/ABkornhole

P.S. Those who don’t wanna play can still pig out. Check out our special menu at the link above., It’s Friday and we’re gettin’ our patio grill on. Look at this blank canvas… imagine all the glorious toppings you can pile high to the sky… then come do it at lunch!, Get your Farmers Market feast for only 10 bucks today! We’re slingin’ Pulled Pork Sandwiches with cole slaw, spicy BBQ sauce, chips, and a drink for a crisp Hamilton., Ain't no special like a seared tuna special 'cause a seared tuna special's got heirloom tomato salad and sweet corn sauce!, VERY IMPORTANT: In one week, it will be National Oyster Day. In one week, we bring to you a special three-course menu in celebration of this holy day. Tell all your friends and reserve all the tables.

Pssst…. mention this post when making your reservation and get half a dozen dolla O’s :), We see you checkin’ out our mussels. It’s okay, we’ve been working hard to prepare them for the summer sun, come enjoy the fruits of our labor :P 

(Maine Mussels, wheat beer, tarragon, chives, butter, grilled bread.), You wanna be king of the oyster hill? One hour left to pile up all the oysters you want! $1 Island Creek Oysters end at 7., Aw shucks, you guys love posting pictures of your $1 oysters! Keep ‘em coming, Island Creek Oysters are back for a buck tonight 5-7pm! Photo by @subtlyvalerie., How ‘bout a little pick-me-up before the main event? Start off your brunch with a Bug Eye cocktail (coffee syrup, vanilla vodka, coffee liqueur, cream) and a little Greek Yogurt Parfait, with house-made granola, fruit, and local honey., The patio has everything you're looking for on a perfect summer day: sun, beer, and pan-seared haddock with Tuscan Kale and English pea purée!, (•_•)
<)   )╯Dollar
 /    \

\(•_•)
 (   (> F%@!&ing
 /    \

 (•_•)
<)   )>  Oysters
 /    \

START IN 2 HOURS. Get 'em., Heads up kornholios, we now have a menu available for our tourney on August 8! Included with your $20 ticket is a fresh-ground burger, jalapeno corn dog, or chorizo - or if you’re not planning on playing and just want to hang, for 15 bucks you can join the pig pickin’ party.

View a larger version here: http://bit.ly/1MpjLK6

Get your tix here: http://bit.ly/ABkornhole, Don't want to wait 'til Monday for your $1 oysters? Make your way to Kendall Square tomorrow and get some Island Creeks buck a shuck at our place 4-6pm!, It’s a glorious day for some patio grillin’! Come build the burger of your wildest dreams and wash it down with fresh-squeezed lemonade., Trust us, you’re gonna wake up Sunday morning in desperate need of a good brunch. 

Stumble over at 11:00 this weekend and order up a Brunch Burger with a sunny egg, American cheese, special sauce, a soft potato bun, and home fries!, Cool off from the inside out… let us pour you a Pink Gin while you escape the sun at the bar!, Hope you’re practicing hard for our Notch Brewing kornhole tourney / patio party on August 8! Grab your tickets on EventbriteBoston and get your teams together - only $20!, What’s that? You’re just gonna “go home” after work today?? You’re gonna leave these oysters hanging when they’re offering their delicious selves to you for only a dollar?

Didn’t think so. We’ll see you at 5:00 :), null, You know what goes great with brunch at the bar? COCKTAILS. Because you’re an adult, and you need a good beverage on a Sunday afternoon., Tonight's dinner special y'all: Ribeye steak with crispy bleu cheese potato cake and braised leeks!, You heard the cow. Come eat his meat!, You’re lost. You’re happy, but not feeling quite complete. There’s something missing in your life.

It’s a cocktail from Abigail’s, and we have a TON of them to make you feel whole again :), Former employee reunion. How handsome are these boys??, 👍👍 #fishtacofriday, Here's the office hero with his coworkers picking up the burger winnings from Tuesday's contest!, When’s the last time anyone thanked you for loving burgers so much?

Grab a loyalty card the next time you hit up our patio grill. For every 5 items you buy, we’ll give you the 6th free!, The kitchen could very well be preparing the best lunch you’ve ever had in your life. Are you gonna miss this chance? Come and get it!, Wanna stuff your face this Friday? Tag your favorite coworkers in the comments and we’ll pick one lucky person to get FREE burgers from the patio grill for you and 3 of your work pals. 

Winner will be chosen tomorrow morning. Start dreaming of your toppings!, If you have your priorities straight, then there’s nothing more important than getting your ass here at 5:00 on the dot for $1 Island Creek Oysters!, SO HOTTTTTTT TODAY. Make sure you stay cool with an ice-cold cocktail or three up at the bar - feel free to rub the condensation on your face, we won’t judge., The sheer audacity of Cambridge Brewing Company to make something so effing delicious... it's impressive. Come try it for yourself on draft tonight!, All class in a glass! Happy Friday!, The bar is all set up and ready to serve some liquid lunches! See you at 11:30, Kendall Square., Catch us at the Kendall Square Farmers Market 11-2 with house-smoked pulled BBQ turkey, cole slaw, BBQ sauce, chips, and iced tea for $10!, We're super stoked about striped bass season! This grilled beauty comes with a panzanella salad and a side of sunshine on the patio., The countdown is ON. You have exactly one month to get your formidable teams together for our Notch Brewing Kornhole Tourney/Patio party. Tickets are $20 and come with sweet Notch swag - grab ‘em on Eventbrite!, No reason not to continue celebrating the good old USA this week. Escape on your lunch break and salute the CBR, because what’s more American than fried chicken and smoked bacon?, If you had a quarter for every beer you drank this holiday weekend, how many dollar oysters could you get tonight? 

On second thought… don’t think about it… just come hang 5-7pm for some Island Creek Oysters! (Buck a shuck with food or drink.), Plan your route for tonight’s festivities with this map http://camb.ma/July4Traffic, and make sure you squeeze in a pit stop at Abigail’s to celebrate the best America has to offer: BBQ, beer, juicy burgers, gay pride, and Chuck Norris., The menu for America's Most Wanted BBQ tomorrow night has been revealed:, CANCEL YOUR PLANS before and after the fireworks, traffic's gonna be crazy anyway (view an interactive map of road closures here: http://camb.ma/July4Traffic).

Plan your new route around Abigail's, we'll be grillin' and drinkin' and relaxin' with America's Most Wanted BBQ 5-11pm., Chef went fishing and caught you this halibut for his dinner special tonight, then he dressed it up with green curry, watercress, and carrot slaw!, Got mid-week blues? Chef’s no doctor but he’s pretty sure Confit Chicken Thigh is the only cure, especially when served with spring vegetables and fried sage. Does it work? Won’t know until you try!, Today's lunch or your new screensaver?

Now serving a scrumptious Clam Chowder special!, Did you know the food you’re eating on the patio… comes from the patio? Look at the planters all around you next time :) 

Our pals Green City Growers help us grow garlic, rhubarb, spearmint, sage, chard, and more so you get hyperlocal produce on your plate and in your cocktails!, Nothing says summer like boatloads of bivalves sliding down your throat, amirite? Come get yer $1 Island Creek Oysters tonight 5-7pm!, Trust us, after a couple of these at brunch you’ll be glowing as much as the cocktail does! This beauty is called Tom’s On The Phone: Thai basil gin, lemongrass, fresh lime, and simple syrup., To please your palate, go for a Charred Eggplant Salad, served with heirloom beans and dandelion greens… it’s pure poetry in your mouth., What's up Kendall Square? We wanna give you crabs!

Come munch on these soft shell beauties out on the patio while the sun's still shining!, #LoveWins, null, Oprah says to live your best life. Start with a Watermelon Smash!, Find us at the Kendall Square Farmers Market 11am to 2pm!, Reach out your tentacles tonight and grab some Charred Baby Octopus with romesco, green beans, and fava beans and for dinner!, Like kornhole? Love beer? Then you'll want to come to our Notch Brewing patio party! 

Put together a team of champions for some grillin' and chillin' on August 8. Info + tickets at http://bit.ly/ABkornhole, LUNCH TIME. Try our killer caesar with romaine, treviso, croutons, a poached egg, anchovies, and parmesan dressing., Raise a glass to all the great dads today at brunch… even better if it’s filled with booze like our Biggie Mimosa! Happy Father’s Day!, Saturday - the perfect day for sitting on the patio and drinkin’ some #MARGS. Make it spicy and try our new tomato jalapeno margarita!, Find us at the Boston Beer and BBQ Fest all weekend long! We’ll be joining B.T.’s Smokehouse, East Coast Grill, and Lester’s Roadside BBQ, along with 20 New England brewers to celebrate the two best things in the world thanks to Drink Craft Beer. 

Comment and let us know if you’ll be there!, “I don't always Instagram my food, but when I do I'm eating oysters and drinking gin with lemongrass.” - We’re glad you did @cannbend!

The most interesting woman in the world is drinking Tom’s On The Phone: thai basil gin, lemongrass, fresh lime, simple., MEAT LOVERS: Find us at the Kendall Square Farmer's Market today. We'll be serving ribs and pulled pork 11:30 to 2!, DINNER SPECIAL: Seafood Bake! Leave your office already and come on over!, FUN FACT: Hanger steak is sometimes called “butcher’s steak” because it was so damn good that butchers would keep it for themselves instead of selling to customers.

We’re not that stingy, we’re here to spread the wealth :) Enjoy this cut grilled with red wine demi glace, wild mushrooms, fingerling potatoes, and watercress., Put down your peanut butter sandwich and come get something interesting for lunch! We’ll start you off with a good one - shrimp and yuca fritters served with smoked jalapeno aioli. Sound good? Good, see you soon :)

Photo: Eli Gelfand, Who says you can't have BBQ when it's rainin'? Grab our dinner special tonight and show the weather who's boss: Korean BBQ fried chicken livers!, TONIGHT: Dolla dolla Island Creek Oysters coming atcha 5-7pm in Kendall Square! Celebrate Monday being OVER and get shucked!, Dive head first into our Brunch Skillet with chorizo, queso fresco, piquillo peppers, potatoes, and avocado! It’s Sunday… who’s gonna stop ya?, tonight's special rulez!, The kitchen’s crankin’! Come and get your Saturday snacks and party party with our signature cocktails all night long!, seafood grill!  get some!, What’s your favorite misheard lyric?

Get all the words right and avoid being Wrong Lyrics Christina tonight with The People's Karaoke. Party starts at 10!, You know you’re gonna end up at brunch this weekend… make it an Abigail’s brunch. We have beautiful, shimmering bacon waiting for you along with PORK BELLY Bloody Marys! Reserve on OpenTable: http://bit.ly/1EAKgYk, On Wednesdays we drink pink, so order up a Hibiscus Hive! (Hibiscus & chamomile infused gin, lemon, honey.) Regina George would be proud., We’re firing up the grill so you can get your lunch to-go! Grab a Cuban Sandwich with pork, ham, Swiss, pickles, and chipotle aioli, or build your version of the world’s greatest burger! (Every week Tues-Fri at lunch.), HAVE RAW BAR. WILL TRAVEL.

Send catering inquiries to bethabigails@gmail.com and have your favorite bites from the kitchen come straight to you!

P.S. Don’t forget to get your $1 Island Creek Oysters tonight 5-7pm!, Wanna drink with the cool kids? They’re all ordering Cucumber Margaritas, with silver tequila, fresh juices, refreshing cukes, and agave. Come see what it’s all about at brunch!, NEW on the menu is our Confit Duck Salad with dandelion greens, heirloom beans, green olives, and oranges, because everything is better when you #putabirdonit., It’s the small things in life…

The People's Karaoke starts at 10pm tonight, kitchen’s open til 12:30! Come get lubricated and sing your face off in Kendall Square!, Find us at the Kendall Square Farmer’s Market today and every Thursday! Stop by for lunch and make sure you put next week on the calendar for the beginning of the Cookbooks in Kendall Author Series, kicking off with Maria Speck, author of Ancient Grains for Modern Meals., Join us and 75+ other local restaurants on July 14 at Taste of Cambridge and stuff your face for the good of the city! Early bird tickets are available until June 8, and each ticket benefits and provides support to local Cambridge non-profits doing direct service work in Cambridge in alcohol and drug prevention and treatment.

DO IT:, Already thinking about lunch? The patio grill is here! We open at 11:30 so start planning your meal!, Burgers are coming to the Abigail’s patio! Once this damn weather clears up, head to our outdoor build-your-own-burger bar and create the sandwich of your dreams! 

For now, duck inside and double down on our fresh-ground burger with chopped onion, American cheese, lettuce, special sauce, and a potato bun., We’ll be closed this evening for a private event, so get your Abigail’s fix in for lunch with a Buffalo Shrimp Po’ Boy!

Photo: Eli Gelfand, Just wanted to say thank you again to all our Clam Slammers from last night. Nothing like a pig-roast-clam-bake patio party to kick off the summer in Kendall Square! And special thanks to our pals at Narragansett Beer for providing the suds and the swag!, A steak pun is a rare medium well done, so we’ll just say our steak with truffle butter, greens, and two eggs cooked your way is a solid choice for brunch today!, Thanks everyone for coming out to the #ClamSlam tonight! We had a blast and hope you did too!, #CLAMSLAM, The Alternate Ending to Babe: Pig in the City, has begun! Tickets available at the door!, Drew and his porky pig pal Oscar are ready for the #ClamSlam!

Party with Narragansett Beer and the Abigail's crew 6-9 tonight! TICKETS: http://bit.ly/1Hf8ANX, What are you doing tonight? If you’re not Clam Slammin’, you’re going to have a serious case of FOMO tonight. GET HERE: http://bit.ly/1Hf8ANX (Tickets also available at the door.), You might as well just spend your whole weekend at Abigail’s because we have The People's Karaoke tonight at 10, and THE CLAM SLAM patio party with Narragansett Beer tomorrow 6-9pm! Call 617-945-9086 for tickets or get them at EventbriteBoston: http://bit.ly/1Hf8ANX, This little 🐷 went to market, this little 🐷 stayed home, and this little 🐷 went "wee wee wee!" all the way to the #ClamSlam. http://bit.ly/1Hf8ANX, You know it!! $1 Island Creek Oysters every Monday 5-7pm!

(...except this coming Monday, we'll be closed for a private event. But all the other Mondays!!), Everyone on Instagram says to #lookup but sometimes the more delicious view is down in front of you :P Thanks for the awesome patio photo @bostoneatss!, Are you ready to get CLAM SLAMMED? We’re giving away two tickets to Saturday’s event with Narragansett Beer to one lucky winner.

Tag a friend you want to come to the party with in the comments and we’ll pick a winner tomorrow morning at 10AM!, Check it out, Kendall Square, we've got some crazy-good new additions to the menu. Mussels! Confit Duck Salad! Buffalo Shrimp Po' Boy! Everything that just happens to taste good on a patio...

Photo: Eli Gelfand, Patio Party. Clambake. Pig Roast. Narragansett Beer. All this fun in one place at the #CLAMSLAM! Get your tickets for Saturday on EventbriteBoston:, The key to a long-lasting relationship is the element of surprise... so our flatbread pizza changes daily to keep you on the edge of your seat :P Ask your server for today's special!, Hey folks, we are closed for lunch today but $1 Island Creek Oysters Night is still ON! Bivalve junkies, come and get your fix on the cheap from 5-7pm!, “Pretty egg-celent.” - @emilymgillis

‘Nuff said. #BRUNCH, You like hops? We’ve got Green Flash Brewing Co. West Coast IPA made with a “tantalizing menagerie” of Simcoe, Columbus, Centennial, Citra, and Cascade varieties. HOW DO YA LIKE THEM HOPS?, What happens at karaoke, stays at karaoke. Let loose tonight at 10pm! We won’t tell anyone about your love of power ballads… but we can’t make any promises for your friends. Kitchen’s open til 12:30!, Smoked. Pork. Hash.

If these three words aren’t in your vocab on Sunday, you’re definitely doing brunch wrong. Come and get it: http://bit.ly/1EAKgYk, Get yer tickets for the Clam Slam, comin’ at ya MAY 30 with clams, beers, and a whole roasted pig! 

P.S. It’s co-hosted by Narragansett Beer, so you know it’s gonna be a good time. TICKETS: http://bit.ly/1Hf8ANX, Crisp, herbal, and hoppy - three words to describe Notch Brewing Session Pils, aka one of your favorite patio beers around! Come and get it after work (or at lunch, we won’t tell)!, null, Stunning day for $1 Island Creek Oysters out on the patio, wouldn’t you say? Buck a shuck with your food or drinks 5-7pm tonight!, Check out this DOPE biscuit. You want this biscuit in all its warm and flaky glory slathered in butter and drizzled with syrup. Come see what it’s all about at brunch today when you indulge in BBQ Bourbon Marys and much more out on the patio!, The brunch menu's changing tomorrow and we have some pretty spectacular new additions for you. Say hello to our new and improved house Bloody Mary, now served with shrimp and PORK BELLY!, We’re keeping the thrill alive tonight at The People’s Karaoke! Party starts at 10, kitchen’s open ‘til 12:30. Sing your heart out for B.B., You're hungry, we have Buttermilk-Fried Frogs Legs with Cajun Remoulade on special. Sounds like a match made in heaven!, Make your Thursday night revolutionary… and start it off with a Tea Party or three!, Have you heard? The Clam Slam has been moved to May 30 due to serious unpartylike weather in the forecast for Saturday. 

Now you have two more weeks to plan so we best see you there! http://on.fb.me/1awY23i, Due to raging storms that appear to be rolling in on Saturday, we're postponing the Clam Slam until May 30. That gives you more time to grab tickets - no excuses!, Exciting news: We are going to be the food vendor at the Kendall Square Farmer’s Market this summer, starting June 4! Find us at 350 Kendall St. doing demos and offering up some delicious food 11am to 2pm!, Is that a roll of quarters in your pocket or are you just excited for $1 oyster night? We’re hoping it’s both, that’ll get you a good amount of Island Creek Oysters :P (5-7pm with food or drinks.), Today’s the day to make your ma proud. Show her how great your adult decision-making skills are and choose Abigail’s for brunch, she’s gonna love the Griddled Banana Bread!, Don’t disappoint Mr. T tonight. 

The People's Karaoke starts at 10pm, late-night menu til 12:30am!, null, Still haven't made Mother's Day reservations? GET ON IT and bring her to our awesome brunch! http://bit.ly/1EAKgYk, FYI our phones are down 😩 If you want to make a reservation, or buy tickets for the #CLAMSLAM, please email bethabigails@gmail.com, Proteins and greens’ll get you through to the weekend, so grab a Mixed Greens Salad at lunch with candied quinoa and marjoram vinaigrette, and ask for some shrimp on top if you wanna get fancy!

Also, on special we have some Crispy Soft Shell Crab with smoked pork belly, pickled green tomato, and Old Bay mayo. Come see it IRL!, Like to eat clam? Then save the date for May 16, because we’re throwing a sweet-ass clambake/pig roast/patio party - THE CLAM SLAM with Narragansett Beer. Tickets are $35, give us a call at 617-945-9086 to purchase and tell everyone you know!, AWESOME night with our neighbors at Third Square Apartments. Thanks to everyone who came out!, You’re gonna be mom’s favorite child when you take her to Abigail’s Mother's Day brunch on Sunday! 

Reserve now and let her enjoy dishes like Brioche French Toast and all the sangria her heart desires: http://bit.ly/1EAKgYk, It’s Monday, you know what that means… time to get slurpin’! Island Creek Oysters are a buck a shuck with your food or drinks from 5-7pm!, Can't argue with the official vote, guys. Get out of bed already and come enjoy brunch in the sun on our world famous patio!!, Cinco de Mayo... the perfect occasion for a party. Looking forward to meeting our neighbors!, Mom deserves some special treatment. Take her out for brunch and some cocktails next Sunday, May 10! Book your table early, she’ll be impressed: http://bit.ly/1EAKgYk, YOU WANT THIS: Cornmeal-crusted soft shell crabs with Old Bay beurre blanc, aka tonight's bomb dot com dinner special!, Tonight: a man and his will to survive take the stage at karaoke. That man? YOU. 

Music starts at 10, late-night menu and drinks til 12:30, pick out your favorite crowd-pleaser and tell all your friends!, You’re thirsty. 

We have beer. 

Coincidence? Who cares, drink up!, We've got a great dinner special perfect for patio eatin' tonight! 

Grilled Monkfish, red pepper and ramp butter, asparagus, watercress, and fava. 👍🏻, You’ve made it through half the week, that deserves a little Victory lap, don’t you think?, Life is short, put some truffled sirloin on your greens and make the most of this Tuesday!

(Truffled Steak Salad, shaved parmesan reggiano, arugula, lemon vinaigrette.), If you’re not at $1 oyster night, what are you even doing with your life? Get Island Creek Oysters for a buck with your drinks and/or food from 5-7pm!, It’s Sunday Funday so you better give yourself a good foundation for all that binge drinking! Our Sancocho will do the trick, a traditional Colombian chicken soup with green plantain, yucca, potato, avocado, cilantro and fresh lime., Are you ready to jam out with your clam out on the patio?

The Clam Slam with Narragansett Beer is 3 weeks away, get your tickets for the best damn clam-bakin' pig-roastin' beer-drinkin' patio party in Kendall Square! http://on.fb.me/1awY23i, ALERT: Your delicious dinner special tonight is seared albacore tuna on potato and ham hash with English pea purée and pea tendrils. Bon appétit! 👌🏻, We heard you rapping the Eminem verse in "Forgot About Dre" and there's no way you can go on tonight without showing everyone your skills. Karaoke starts at 10, late-night menu til 12:30!, FINALLY time to eat! Get your butt out of that computer chair and get here for our lunch special: Poached Salmon Salad with bibb lettuce, avocado, pickled red onion, and orange segments., Find us at Cambridge Science Festival’s Science of Art & Beer event tonight at One Kendall Square! Learn about the biology and chemistry of homebrewing, then grab a bite to eat and enjoy music from DJ Esq of Mmmmaven! http://bit.ly/1IaRzpY, null, It’s Earth Day, so let’s celebrate with our favorite things that come from nature… such as water… hops… yeast… malt…, Let’s face it, you’re probably a handful, so your mom deserves some pampering this Mother’s Day for all she’s done for you! 

Our special May 10 menu will be available 11-5 with poached salmon salad, brioche french toast, sangria and more for your leading lady!, Once the big race is over, it’s time for marathon oyster eating. Island Creek Oysters are $1 when you get a drink or appetizer from 5-7pm!, So much beer, so little time? Not so if you start early enough ;) It’s Sunday, get drankin’!, Avoid the marathon crowds and head to Kendall Square, we've got cornmeal-crusted haddock with spring fava bean succotash!, Gotta get these BEETS BY JAY tonight! Served with parsley, goat cheese, pistachios, and lemon vinaigrette. We open at 4pm, see you then, folks!, Rain won't stop us from drinking in summer... Harpoon Brewery Summer Beer, that is. Come grab a pint at lunch!, TGI...T?

One more day to endure and it’ll be the weekend. Let us make you a cocktail to help you get through!, Heading to Cambridge Science Festival? Find us at the Science Crawl on April 23 from 7:30-9:00 at One Kendall Square. We’ll be serving up tasty bites alongside some of our great neighboring restaurants while you learn about the biology and chemistry of homebrewing!, Half-price burgers for all First Responders today. Thank you for your courage and selflessness in keeping us safe. #OneBostonDay, Get your snack on this afternoon with some House-Cured Salmon, served on top of crisp pumpernickel with horseradish sour cream, shaved egg, capers, and chives. #ohyoufancyhuh, Come for the Boston Red Sox home opener at 3:00, stay for $1 Island Creek Oysters at 5:00. What ELSE would you do with your Monday… work??, Want some NEXT LEVEL mashed taters? Ask for our potato cake filled with ooey gooey egg yolk, and make sure you get properly excited by watching how it’s made in this video!, Where should you go out to eat in #CambMA tonight?

The answer should be easy as Pie… For Two :), Our pal Lyssa trying clams for the first time. We think she's ready for the Clam Slam May 16! http://on.fb.me/1awY23i, GET HERE and show off your meowsical skills for karaoke tonight 10pm to close! Late night menu available until 12:30am., null, Somehow the glass fills up all by itself, but it won’t go back down without you!, It’s the middle of the week and you need something to look forward to that comes a lot sooner than Friday. How ‘bout an Eggplant Parm Sandwich with San Marzano tomatoes, fresh mozz and basil?, YOU'RE INVITED TO THE CLAM SLAM!
 
May 16 we'll be partying on the patio with our pals from Narragansett Beer for the best damn clambake/pig roast you've ever seen. Only 35 bucks, get your tickets now!, It's NATIONAL BEER DAY! Drink accordingly., Hey Dollar Bill, which way to $1 Island Creek Oysters night at Abigail’s?

(5-7pm. Be there.), That’s weird… we think the Easter Bunny left a little something for you here at Abigail’s. Oh yes, it’s a delicious brunch with some festive spring cocktails!, Have you ever avoided ordering something because you can’t pronounce it? We don’t want you to miss out on our Smoked Mushroom Orecchiette with leeks, fresh mozzarella, and black pepper-butter sauce, so say it with us: or-eh-KYET-eh!, Karaoke is TONIGHT at 10:00! In case you're unprepared, we found this article ranking some crowdpleasers to get you started. Which one will you sing?, You have discerning taste. You appreciate the finer things in life. The beer you like wins awards. And Jose brings his award-winning smile while he pours it for you. By that, we mean Cambridge Brewing Company Tripel Threat is on draft and it’s time for you to drink it!, The folks from Green City Growers are here putting together the planters for our patio! Fresh herbs, fresh spring air, and fresh beer in the great outdoors will be here before you know it!, “Let’s make some new bad habits.”

We like where your head’s at @tpaquin. Drink up!, We've got a scrumptious dinner special for your Tuesday night, folks! Haddock and clams roasted with black eyed peas, Tuscan kale, and smoked mushroom burre blanc., We are accepting reservations for Easter Sunday! We're offering a special menu along with some festive drinky drinks for you and yours. Give us a call to book at table at 617-945-9086 or reserve on OpenTable., Everyone will be impressed when you tell them you ate frisee aux lardons for lunch. Bring your fancy pants over for this salad with mustard vinaigrette, a farm-fresh egg, and your choice of chicken, shrimp, or steak on top!, Mark it on your calendars, people. We're proud to announce we're officially on the roster for June's Drink Craft Beer Beer & BBQ fest!, Shuck it, Monday’s almost over, and $1 oysters are comin’ at ya at 5pm. Avoid your rough commute and enjoy some Island Creek Oysters!, It’s time to plan your spring events! Weddings, graduations, birthday parties - we cater to ‘em all. Check out this sample menu and email bethabigails@gmail.com to get started!, Don’t forget to send your mom a selfie while you eat your Buccatini Carbonara. Peas for her, guanciale for you!, Get down here for tonight's dinner special, Striped Bass!, Sing AND eat your heart out tonight at 10! Get your karaoke on with the best of the best in Kendall Square and grab some late-night bites from the kitchen until 12:30. See you tonight!, Runners train for marathons, drinkers train for International Whiskey Day. Strap on your booze shoes, we’ve got a waterfall of brown liquor coming your way!, Mark loves our burgers so much he has an ear-to-ear smile just getting to deliver them to your table. We don’t blame him :P, Lunch like a champ today and get a juicy steak bomb sandwich. Grilled steak tips, mustard greens, onions, and lemon aioli - pairs pretty well with an ice cold beer!, Let Jose introduce you to our dear friend, Mr. Grant, a handsome gentleman made with rye, Meletti amaro, Carpano Antica, and Jerry Thomas bitters., Show us your O-face tonight…. for $1 Island Creek Oysters, of course. Buck a shuck is from 5-7pm!, Sunday night’s alright for imbibing. Forget that you have work tomorrow and knock back an Adriatic or three! (Rye, amaro montenegro, grapefruit bitters.), Roasted Half-Chicken with mushroom madeira and wild rice, or Crispy-Skin Salmon with pork-fried rice? Sounds like a win-win situation on your Saturday night :P, If only you could get here as fast as we’re filling up your glass… El Mariachi is waiting!, Fancy yourself the next Axl Rose? Take us to the The People's Karaoke jungle tonight! 

Party starts at 10pm and we've got our late-night menu til 12:30am!, Newly discovered Sublime b-side “14 oz. to Freedom” is a tune about our juicy rib-eye entree with a triple threat of truffle-egg potato cake, Tuscan kale, and bourbon-blue cheese butter. Sing it loud at dinner tonight!, Your desk lunch sounds great and all but we’ve got some tasty new stuff on the menu. Go for our bomb General Tso Chicken with spicy soy-chile sauce instead!, Boiled dinner is served!! Get your fill of corned beef, cabbage, potatoes, carrots, and grainy mustard with a 20oz. Murphy's for $20!, Do your Irish brothers and sisters proud! We’re going old school with a boiled dinner special (corned beef, cabbage, potatoes, carrots, and grainy mustard), or you can have some baller fish and chips (with malt vinegar aioli) - both options paired with a 20oz Murphy's Irish Stout. Happy Saint Patrick’s Day!, $1 Island Creek Oysters starts at 5:00! See you after work Kendall Square 😄, Crispy fried chicken breast, smoked bacon, iceberg lettuce, and creamy buttermilk ranch. This ain’t McDonald’s Chicken Bacon Ranch sandwich!, These guys are cooking up a storm in the kitchen so you don’t have to. Drag your lazy face out of bed and get here for brunch!, Getting stuffed at the staff meeting on all the awesome new dishes we have on our menu, all starting TONIGHT!

House-cured salmon, steak bombs, 14oz boneless rib eye, lamb and lots more - see it all on our snazzy new website Beth created with her bare hands: http://www.abigailskendall.com/menu/, Your mission: Boldly sing what no man has sung before.

Get it done tonight at 10 with The People's Karaoke!, You know you're going to soak yourself in booze tonight, so you might as well have a healthy lunch. Come enjoy an Apple Hazelnut Salad with goat cheese and sherry vinaigrette!, Katie is so smitten with our Blue Cheese and Bacon Fries that she put on lipstick to impress them. They’re THAT good., $1 Island Creek Oysters are back tonight (and every Monday). Get shucked up after work from 5-7pm!, You can’t drink all day if you don’t start in the morning, so get it going with a Hibiscus Hive (hibiscus and chamomile infused gin, honey, lemon juice). We open at 11!, DON’T FORGET: The People's Karaoke is tonight at 10pm. Get your late night groove and grub on til 1am. Hope you’ve got your power ballad picked out!, Every time you drink a beer, an angel gets to eat Kung Pao Wings (with chiles and toasted peanuts)., Is there anything more comforting after realizing it’s only Wednesday than faceplanting into a skillet full of melted gouda? Probably not, you should try it., Being a Starf*cker’s only a bad thing if you’re not made of booze. Try out this lavender beauty at the bar tonight, made with vanilla and orange vodka, parfait amour, and fresh lemon., Shout out to Dave Bisceglia of The Tap Lab and BostInno for including us in their favorite power lunch spots. You hear that, Kendall Square? Big deals are made over BBQ and oysters!, Hope you brought an umbrella to work this morning... because you're gonna want to make it rain on the raw bar. Island Creek Oysters are $1 from 5-7pm TONIGHT!, yeah!, we are getting pretty excited for our fundraiser this Saturday to benefit The American Rescue League Boston!  We have some great prizes and give aways- call to make your reservation or visit opentable.com who wouldn't want to help out one of these guys?, thanks Well Done Boston we think we're pretty cool too!, The American Rescue League does some pretty amazing stuff and is dedicated to rescuing domesticated animals and wildlife from suffering, cruelty, abandonment, and neglect.  Join us as we support this effort host a fundraiser to support these amazing people and their efforts.  

We will have awesome auction items, give aways, food, drinks and friendly faces!  Reservations recommended!  Tag an animal lover!, #openinbos bar and snow storm menu!, joining us for dinner tonight?  remember we validate at the watermark garage!, we have a few slots left for tomorrow!  this menu is bomb! #vday #kendallsq, did someone say white truffles?  we got em for #vday and we also have a few ressies left!  #kendallsq, oysters give you power to shovel.  #opeinbos 
see you for lunch!, #openinbos join us tonight for a burger and a pbr for $11- just use the password #snowblows, null, #openinbos tonight with a snow storm menu!  Shake off the snow blues with us!, OPEN!  we got whips, dips, chains, chips, hot clams and semi hard cheese!, Bar will be open tonight with brother drew cooking up a special snow storm menu!  come hang out with us!, The calm before the storm. .., Two legendary Rob's behind the bar.  Party's on!, Chef Paul O Connell in the house!, we are super excited about the Chez Henri pop up tonight!  see you soon!, null, the big game will be on both TVs tonight!  come eat wings and burgers and oysters and watch the pats dominate!!, Love this. #SAVETHEBEES, We're switching it up!  Karaoke will now be on Friday nights and Sunday nights will be reserved for Fried Chicken and Biscuits! Boom!, We're getting excited are you?, New late night menu. Every night after 10 pm. Get some., we always knew winter was the best time to eat oysters!  did you?  join us at the raw bar!, FOOD AND LIBATION FROM THE CUBAN NATION!
We are excited to announce that our friend Paul O'Connell will be taking over our kitchen on January 31 and cooking up your old favorites from the Chez Henri menu!  Conch Fritters, Chicken Empanadas, Ceviche Mixta and yup, the Cuban Sandwich.  Reservations are sure to fill up call us soon!, 6 oz of freshly ground rib eye coming at ya!  with spicy bacon jam!, join us tonight to ring in the new year!  chill at the bar and have some Kung Pao wings or enjoy our 3 course vintage prix fixe- foie gras, lobster and duck oh my!, Thanks Boston Globe and LaunchSquad! We think we're pretty special too!  #kendallsquare, baby it's cold outside!  perfect night for Pork shank, spatzle and braised red cabbage., join us for lunch today and try our new house made ricotta cavatelli!, we have a few reservations left for our vintage New Years Eve!  Island Creek Oysters Rockefeller, Prime Rib, Duck l'orange!  it's gonna be a blast!  call or visit opentable!!, Salmon Carpacchio, "Abigail's After Dark" delivering the cure to the post-holiday cabin fever blues with Shzz Mack tonight from 10-1.  Food, drinks, 21+.  No cover, no returns., The joy, the relief... the day after.  You might be at wit's end, just looking to shake on out of the house.  Well, "Abigail's After Dark" has just the cure for what ails ya'.  Head on down at 10 for the final night of Stacy and Jason's "Shakin' Time" December residency.  Music, food and drinks until 1.  21+.  No Cover., And since all the lovely folks who make the good ship Abigail run smoothly need to get home to their loved ones there will be no "Abigail's After Dark" tomorrow.  We're closed on Christmas Day so when you can't stand missing us anymore come for "Shakin' Time" on Friday!  Happy Christmas, if you're reading this you're the tops!, It may seem trivial but our fantastic Tuesday night host, Kevin, has hitched a ride on the Polar Express to his home in the hinterlands so there will be no session of, "The Trivia Players" tonight.  See you next Tuesday, literally., There's so very little time to offer up your holiday hosannas in song but tonight "Abigail's After Dark" provides you the platform with "The People's Karaoke."  10-1, 21+, Food, Drink, No Cover, No Judgement., It's easy to get a little burnt out on traditional holiday tunes but during his time in the wilderness, Kris Kringle discovered there's a lot more to it than that.  Tonight, DJY2Kielty delivers that booty, 10-1, 21+, No Cover, Food, Drinks, and This:, Ready to slide into the weekend already?  You know who feels you?  DJ Jah Works Outernational feels you, and tonight he'll put the feelings to song with some Caribbean rhythms delivered via vinyl.  10-1, 21+, No Cover, No Worry., Your mind has been good to you all year (most of you, we're assuming) so why not do something nice for it this evening and take it out on the town to "The Trivia Players?" 10-12, Food, Drinks, 21+, No Cover, No Problem when your mind thanks you in the morning for the new info., Woot Carl Lavin and the good peeps at The Sinclair!  Congratulations on Best Music Venue at the BMA's. Proud of you my friend!, You've been celebrating the season all weekend, haven't you?  You know, down deep, there's no reason to stop now.  After all, this only happens once a year so get to Abigail's tonight and sing your heart out.  You know you want to... and so do we., Another Saturday night under the tutelage of the splendid Shzz Mack.  Food, drinks, songs to change your life (or at least your night). 10-1, 21+, No cover, no excuses., Well, the weather outside might be frightful but tonight's servings from the legendary DJ Panda are truly delightful, and he might even toss in a holiday treat for you if you ask nice.  10-1, 21+, Food, Drinks, No Cover, No Substitute., Um, perfection?  Team Abigail's claims this beauty., Do you know that the band, Oasis, loved the Beatles' song, "Rain," so much that they first called themselves, "The Rain?"  That's the kind of topical trivia you can count on when "Abigail's After Dark" once again delivers "The Trivia Players" tonight from 10-12.  Food, drinks, warmth, a dry room and more.  21+.  No Cover, No Clouds., Another Sunday night Patriots game, another reason to sing about it!  "Abigail's After Dark" and "The People's Karaoke" guarantee a Pats win, but only if you cheer and sing loud enough!  Food and drinks to fuel you, 10-1, 21+, No Cover, No Excuses., "Abigail's After Dark" is proud to once again present our own Saturday night samurai, Shzz Mack, making sure that you "People Get Ready!"  10-1, Late night eats, soul-satisfying drinks, 21+.  No cover, no quarter. Word., Close to a whole Shakin' month!  Start it right with Stacy and Jason tonight, kicking your holiday spirit into high gear with swingin' sounds, great late night eats and drinks and general seasonal merriment.  10-1, 21+, No Cover!, Is there a better time of year than at the beginning of a New England winter to let those island rhythms soothe your soul?  We think not.  "Abigail's After Dark" is proud to present Navarone Reggae Sound spinning classic vinyl stylings tonight from 10-1.  Food, Drinks, No Cover, No Hassle., Weather this miserable is cause to get out from under your covers and come listen to somebody else's!  "Undercover Kielty" bringing you performances of songs by artists who didn't compose them.  Guaranteed to lift your spirits and your temperature!  Tonight, 10-1, Food, Drinks, 21+, No Cover, All Covers., The Trivia Players.  What is a guaranteed night of fun on a weeknight during which you're most likely going to be amused, entertained and educated?  Correct!  Tonight, 10-2, 21+, No Cover, Food & Drink., There is simply no better way to wind down a holiday weekend than with a stiff drink and a righteous tune and Shzz Mack's "People Get Ready" is ready made for just that.  10-1, drinks, eats, wax, 21+, No Cover, No Sweat., "Abigail's After Dark" knows you have some big dinners to shake off and luckily for you Stacy and Jason are just the two to help you with that! "Shakin' Time" with hip swinging tunes, fab cocktails and grub and no cover. 10-1, 21+., Prior to Black Friday and Cyber Monday and every other silly holiday-themed sales pitch join us for "Blackout Wednesday" and drink your fill with Visions of the Unexcused.  Food, Drink, Vinyl, 21+, No Cover.  Gobble Gobble, Time to sharpen your wits before fattening up for winter, "Abigail's After Dark" presents The Trivia Players, tonight, from 10-12.  Food, drinks, smarts, 21+. No cover., You've worked hard all week... maybe you've worked hard all weekend.  Now is your time to shine as "Abigail's After Dark" presents The People's Karaoke.  10-1, Food, Drink, Song.  21+.  No cover, no in-tune requirement., Abigail's has a new family member!  Welcome baby Charlotte Sell!!! Much love and congratulations to Tom and Cass xxxx, Chilly out there so let DJ Stefan Scott and the "A>B Side Soul Club" warm you up from 10-1.  Vinyl, Food, Drinks, Adventure.  21+ No Cover, No Turbulence., Sautéed fennel, shallots, and grilled Pork belly with tarragon aioli crostini, Friday night in Kendall Square means one thing... it's time to shake it with Stacy and Jason.  "Shakin' Time" is tonight from 10-1.  Pop, Rock, Soul, Garage, R&B, if you can't shake to any of that you just might be shake-deficient.  Get to Abigail's tonight and get yourself checked out.  Food, drinks, 21+, No Cover, Maximum Shake., When the very idea of "Abigail's After Dark" was just a faint echo deep in space we dared dream of nights like this.  Tonight, DJ Chris Ewen of "Heroes" and other assorted celebrated musical endeavors, brings us, "Music Non Stop."  10-1, 21+, No Cover, Food, Drinks, and Indie and Electronic Music from the Past, Present and Future.  You do want to be here for this., This evening the Kendall Cinema will be screening, "Pulp: a Film About Life, Death and Supermarkets," a documentary focusing on the iconic Brit Pop band, Pulp.  So, what better spot for Vanyaland to host an after-party than tonight at Abigail's?  Tonight, 9 or so to 1, food, drinks, influential music.  21+.  No cover., null, It's cold out there!  What better place to get your mind warmed up than with the Trivia Players?  Host Kevin Evers will have your memory in heat from 10-12.  Food, drinks (both hot and cold) and the chance to learn something for free.  21+. No cover, no minimum, no risk., "Abigail's After Dark" has had the legendary Rob Kraemer, of Highland Kitchen and other assorted pedigrees, busily sorting through records for tonight's "Gastoteque". Playing the misses that should've been hits, mostly B-sides, mostly British. 10-1, food, drinks, 21+, Free.  Come down!, Sing your praises to the mighty Pats... or to anyone else.  "Abigail's After Dark" presents The People's Karaoke, tonight 10-1 alongside food, drinks and televised coverage of the local NFL franchise.  21+, No cover, No surrender., It's a Shzz Mack Saturday as "Abigail's After Dark" presents his night of varied vinyl, "People Get Ready!"  10-1, food, drinks, no cover, 21+., Do you know what time it is?  I said, DO YOU KNOW WHAT TIME IT IS?!?  That's right, it's Shakin' Time, the best time of any Friday.  Join Stacy and Jason and their special guest, Grillome Demagny for their tasty popcorn soiree.  10PM, Drinks, Eats, No Cover, 21+.  Look sharp!, "Abigail's After Dark" throws it back this Thursday with DJY2Kielty playing songs by people who didn't write them.  "Undercover Kielty" from 10-1, late night eats, drinks and maybe even those ubiquitous Foo Fighters covering Prince.  21+, No Cover., Tease your brian... or dull your pain.  The Trivia Players and delicious cocktails gives you an ideal opportunity to do both.  Tonight, 10-12, 21+, No Cover, Mensa approved, Kevin Evers hosted., If you want to sing out, sing out!  You can do so rather easily with the People's Karaoke from 10-1 tonight!  21+ No Cover, Late Night Menu, Drinks that make your voice sound better., "Abigail's After Dark" brings the indomitable DJ Stefan Scott and his A>B Side Soul Club in tonight.  Late night eats, drinks and warm vinyl.  21+, No Cover, No Bother., We know you don't need another reason to love Friday but DJ's Stacy and Jason and their "Shakin' Time" just gave you one because tonight they welcome special guest, John Funke!  Backwoods 45 style, complete with Late Night menu and drinks, 21+, No Cover.  Get on down!, We are thrilled to have DJ David Nice making his "Abigail's After Dark" debut this evening.  10-1, Late Night Menu, 21+, No Cover., "Abigail's After Dark" took the night off to do a little preventive maintenance and troubleshooting on the rig (courtesy of the fine Mr. Ed Guild) in advance of three knockout vinyl nights coming up.  DJ David Nice brings beats and more on Thursday, Stacy S and "Shakin' Time" welcome the legendary John Funke on Friday and the A>B Side Soul Club rounds things out before we turn it over to the People's Karaoke on Sunday.  Something for everybody, including drinks and the late night menu, 10-1, 21+, No Cover, No Minimum., "Abigail's After Dark" proudly welcomes DJ HiNeighbor! tonight bringing blues, folk, 70's, 80's 90's rock and pop, some sexy Rn'B, old school and underground hip hop.  Maybe even a guest!  Be there, 10-1, 21+, no cover, late night eats and cold 16oz drinks!, "Abigail's After Dark" is off to a roaring and melodic start and we have had a number of music-minded folks ask about opportunities to share the tunes they love.  Is that you?  If so drop us a line at abigailsbooking@outlook.com and tell us what you want to play.  We're all ears!!!, You don't have to sing for your supper on a stormy Sunday but "Abigail's After Dark" will give you the chance to sing with the People's Karaoke tonight from 10-1 and you can always find a delicious supper on the Late Night Menu.  21+ No Cover., Head on Shrimp n Grits, Garlicky Greens.  Brunch! Get some., "Abigail's After Dark" is proud to welcome back DJ Shzz Mack playing doowop/r&b, northern soul, motown, lowrider oldies, to foundation reggae, ska, funk, disco and early hiphop. All vinyl.  10-1, 21+, No Cover, Food, Drinks and music to warm you inside and out., We're very much looking forward to a frightfully fun night of music, food and drinks at Abigail's tonight as the one and only DJ Panda brings us his spooky song selections!  10-1, 21+, No Cover, and don't forget your costume!!!, The World Series might be over but DJY2Kielty brings "Shark Patrol" and 31 Flavors of Rock N' Roll to "Abigail's After Dark" tonight.  10-1, 21+, Late Night Eats and Drinks and No Cover.  Take a swing!, Tonight, "Abigail's After Dark" is absolutely thrilled to welcome back Visions of the Unexcused, one of our absolute favorites.  10-1, 21+, No Cover, late night food, wet drinks.  Get over the hump in style!, Very exciting coming attractions news for "Abigail's After Dark" courtesy of Shakin' Time's Stacy S: "No Abigail's for me and Jason Thornton this Friday, Oct. 31st but we will be back along with some very special guests mixed in EVERY Friday night in November. The one and only John Funke will join us on Friday, November 7th for a Backwoods inspired 45 throwdown. You heard that right. It'll be raining cats, dogs, and chickens!"  Mark your calendars!, He'll make you a drink, he'll serve you something from the late night menu and if you're nice maybe he'll play your favorite song.  Abigail's own Rob Iurilli hosts tonight's Gatrotheque, 10-1, no cover, 21+.  Word., Not even the owner can resist the People's Karaoke!, The People's Karaoke.  Tonight.  10-1.  Drinks.  Late Night Eats.  21+, Happy 11th birthday Abigail!  We love you so very much XX, "Abigail's At Night" proudly presents the debut of DJ O spinning contemporary hip hop. R&B and beats of all shapes and sizes.  Perfect side to cold drinks and the late night menu, 10-1, 21+, No Cover, No Worries., When we booked DJ Jah Works! he told us that he created a nice mood and boy, oh boy, did he deliver that tonight.  True roots reggae on vinyl.  Fantastic.  Stay tuned for when we have him back!, Tonight we fight the weather with an island vibe, courtesy of DJ Jah Works!  All vinyl Studio One reggae styling with a dash of dub, 10-1, Drinks, Late Night Eats, No Cover, 21+, mon., Not enough rain in the sky to wash away our excitement at tonight's entertainment as "Abigail's After Dark" proudly presents our absolute fave local rock scribe, Mr. James Reed.  James will take you "UNDER THE COVERS:" From Mae West swinging the Beatles to Nina Simone getting down to Bob Dylan to Peaches rocking Iggy Pop, they're all songs you know but sung by someone else. 10-1, Drinks to soothe you, Late Night Menu to nourish you.  Get there., Another brain-twisting episode of "The Trivia Players" awaits your hidden knowledge at Abigail's this evening.  10-1, Drinks, Late Night Menu, little known facts about Kim Jong Il., "Abigail's After Dark" is thrilled to jump back into our Monday night "Gastroteque" series with the lovely J.J. Gonson of Cuisine en Locale who will be playing some personal faves tonight from 10-1.  Don't miss it!, Have a great weekend?  Sing with joy!  Lousy?  Share it with the room with a weeper!  The People's Karaoke is in the house tonight from 10-1 to let you share your innermost thoughts with the world via song!  Great drinks and eats on the Late Night Menu too!, Come in for some comfort food. Bbq'd heritage pork rib, maple sweet mash, horseradish Brussels sprouts, Tonight @ Abigail's., Abigail's debut tonight for a highly anticipated set from DJ Shizz Mack!  Late night menu, drinks and Low Rider jams?  Where else could you ever want to be?  10-1.  21+ No Cover., Not much could be better than the New England weather today but you can always cap it with a sunny mix of Top 40, indie pop, and electronic tracks courtesy of DJour, tonight from 10-1.  Drinks, Late Night Menu, Dreams of Indian Summer..., Did you ever think you'd hear Thom Yorke sing "Rhinestone Cowboy?"  No?  That could very well change tonight... "Undercover Kielty" 10-1, Late Night Menu, Drinks, People Singing Songs They Didn't Write., Visions of the Unexcused absolutely killing it.  Mark your calendars for 10-29 when they return!, We have a pair of tickets to tonight's Eat Up Kendall up for grabs (value $200). First person to stop by and tell Robbie he is a rockstar gets em..., We have a pair of tickets to tonight's Eat Up Kendall  up for grabs. First person in to tell Robbie he is a Rock Star gets em...., If this doesn't show you why we're so excited for Visions of the Unexcused, literally, SHOW you, then you're probably not getting it.... So come down tonight, have a bite to eat and something to drink and be cured!, Happy Columbus Day!  No "Abigail's After Dark" presentations tonight but rest your brains for the Trivia Players tomorrow night starting at 10!  Open tonight for all your eating and drinking needs., Hmmmm......, Holy sweet pork!! Sweet potato purée, grilled tomatoes, and Caramelized roast pork., Amazing just how many people have said they had no interest in going away for Columbus Day when they could be singing karaoke at Abigail's but obviously we don't disagree!  See you at 10!, Who's down for a little karaoke tonight?, House smoked salmon plate., Local fried pork and eggs! Come cure your hang over!, "Shakin' Time" last night was all it was advertised as and more.  Tonight Stefan Scott brings us his A>B Side Soul Club.  Don't you want to be a member?  Thinking that you do. And you can toast your membership with a refreshing beverage and something from the late night menu.  10-1., Tonight we shake with DJ Stacy S in her highly anticipated Abigail's debut!  10-1, late night menu in full swing, 45 RPM vinyl that will educate, illuminate and and eradicate your mind, body and troubles in that order!  Be there!   , Hats off to Michael Marrotta and the Britpop Social Club, what a fantastic evening!  Their gatherings are infrequent so keep your eyes peeled for the next one (hint... hint... it's November 19th following a screening of the Pulp documentary, "A Film About Life, Death and Supermarkets" is shown at the Brattle)., It's baaaack..... our famous BBQ Brisket Sandwich!  Check out the other goodies when we roll out our new Fall menu on Saturday, Yay!! Congratulations Jamie!, null, null, Oops!  We're so excited to shake it with DJ Stacy S that we almost forgot this landmark event we're hosting the Britpop Social Club TOMORROW!!!!,  Michael Marotta and Vanyaland raise a glass to the 20th anniversary of Suede's landmark record, "Dog Man Star.", After an amazing start to "Abigail's After Dark" we'll be taking tonight off in anxious anticipation of "Shakin' Time" with DJ Stacy S.  This is going to be good so don't miss it, or our late night menu.  See you tomorrow!, Put on your thinking caps!  The inaugural night of Abigail's "The Trivia Players" is about to get started with host, Kevin Evers!, Trivia Tuesdays!, Look who popped up behind our bar last night!! The legendary Mr Patrick Sullivan! This makes us all kinds of happy!, Karaoke @ Abigail's., Cajun blackened shrimp, Creamy herbaceous grits,  grilled corn pickled green tomato relish., Tonight's After Dark madness brought to you by our buddies Patrick Sullivan and Dave Cagle. Gastrotech!, Trivia Tuesdays start tomorrow!, So, if you're not excited about this you've never lived in Boston.  Period., Smoke That Rib Fest!, Come sing your hearts out for the Patriots!  The People's Karaoke, tonight at Abigail's!, null, We're off and running!  "Abigail's After Dark" continues tonight with "Dirty Old Soul 45's"  Covering a range of soul music from 60s Northern Soul, 70s Crossover and Funk, 80s Electro and 90s Electronica, Dirty Old Boston's Jim Botticelli will keep the beat funky and your oatmeal lumpy!  10-1, Late Night Menu available!, It's happening!  DJour rocking the house!, TONIGHT is the NIGHT when we begin  "Abigail's After Dark," our nightly music presentation.  We begin with DJour who will be delivering an eclectic mix of Top 40, indie pop, and electronic tracks from 10-1.  Late night menu and smiles in effect.  Come join us and stay tuned for the fine selections we have coming up!, Well, that's not a bad view for a DJ, is it?  Check the calendar and come visit, we've probably got something you like, including a late night menu., Now we're getting places and the drum and bass is from essential Ed.  The first "DJ" music played and he'll be back to play more on Wednesday, the 8th., Our DJ gear still in boxes at 11.  We begin the physical building of late night entertainment., Sound checking our new dj equipment!, Tonight we have some fresh albacore tuna in! Come in for some Mediterranean style tuna tartar with an olive & lemon zest relish! Or try our spicy soy glazed grilled salmon over an aromatic quinoa salad salad and rice wine vinegar pickled cucumbers and carrots., Raw tuna with really good olive oil, capers, olives, quail yolk and balsamic reduction., null, We are having so much fun figuring out a killer lineup of night to night  fun for you guys!  October is when we turn it on at night!, Now we do this after 10pm, MIT students,  show your school ID and get half price appetizers Sunday-Thursday (excluding raw bar, one app per ID), Starting October 1st, Abigail's will be hosting nightly entertainment after the kitchen closes. From DJ's to Trivia to Karaoke with a little live music thrown in for good measure. Stay tuned for updates!, How about a Trivia Night?, Grilled local swordfish over an heirloom tomato panzanella salad and topped with a warm lobster and corn relish! Come get some!, null, How does Sunday night karaoke sound?, How cool are these Heirloom beans from our garden?, Fresh shucked crispy fried
Oyster roll! Griddled martins potato roll, cherry pepper tartar., Tonight's special! Grilled shrimp over lemon balm pesto (fresh from our garden) with a sautéed zucchini, summer squash and corn succotash with pickled red onions and tomatoes!!, Bouillabaisse pan seared local stripped bass, little neck clams, shrimp and a broth that will put a smile on your face. :D, Today's lunch special! House made Tasso ham sandwich topped with a deviled egg, remoulade, and romaine hearts!, null, Come in for some Cajun style deviled eggs topped with some house made Tasso ham... Oh and to see the wonderful Robby!, Come in tonight for some whole fried hen! Coming with some grilled corn on the cob, a baked potato topped with sour cream and chives, a side of watermelon and our house made BBQ sauce! 

Also start off with some Island Creek Fried Oysters! They are coming on the half shell with house Korean BBQ sauce and house cured pork belly!, Come grab some steak tacos for lunch! Coming with pico de gallo, cilantro lime aioli and pickled red onions!, We felt like making Chinese today. 
Spicy ginger shrimp!, Hello FB world!
With the summer over and everyone going back to school, Abigail's is now looking for some good peeps in the restaurant. 
 Hit us up, Tonight's special!

Smoked lamb ribs -
orange pomegranate reduction, minted h2omelon cucumber salad, grilled eggplant and Aleppo chili yogurt!, Oops, that's tonight special., Cumin grilled shrimp
Pistachio olive relish
Roasted eggplant salad
Za'atar & goat cheese stuffed zucchini, Tonight's special. 
Garlic lime shrimp skillet,
Mango tomato avocado salsa, tostones!, Tonight's Special! Miso steak steamy buns! Pickled cucumber carrot and bean sprout salad on the side and topped with a sweet soy reduction!, Three years ago today, we opened the doors for the first time. We are honored and grateful to be part of Kendall Square. Thank you to our fantastic staff and wonderful customers! Without you, the dream would have never reached fruition., Corn and clam chowda with fresh shucked fried oysters, Burgers on Saturdays from 1-5! 
This is our double down!, Abigail's is open Saturdays from 1-5pm. Burgers only. House burger, veggie burger and some crazy thing we come up with. Tomorrow will be the Fenway burger. Smoked sausage, peppers&onions and pickled mustard seeds!, Smoked & grilled italian sausage, horseradish pickled mustard seeds, kick ass potato salad.  $9
Happy lunch!, Hey guys! 
We are now on Instagram!! Abigails_kendall. 
I still don't know what the hell an underscore is., Tonight's special! Thai style grilled swordfish, pork belly and clams over scallion rice and coconut red curry broth with pickled cucumbers! 

Also join Rob and Tom at the bar for drink roulette! Surprise $5 beers and $6 surprise cocktails!, Come in for some fried green tomatoes today! Topped with Great Hill Blue Cheese, smoked salt and a balsamic reduction!, Safe travels and good luck to long time friend and Chef Eric Gburski!, Here comes your pie eric, Happy 4th of July!! We will have our bar open with Food at 4pm!! Come hang out!!, Good wine, good friends! 5 courses with the swedes, Whole fried black bass with summer pickles and lemon aioli, Damn chef d! You got one nice black bass!, null, Britpop Social Club was so much fun last month that we decided to do it again.  Join us Thursday evening for some mellow jams and cocktails!, Today's Street Food/Express Lunch Special: Smoked Pork Tamales,  pickled corn and red onion, red chili sauce. 
Veggie Option: Roasted Red Pepper & Cheddar Tamales, Today's Street Food Express Lunch Special: Jerk Chicken Thighs with watermelon and pickled mango, Now serving Street Food Express Lunch and Late night menu., Street food Saturday at Abigail's today! Tacos and Mexican street corn!, Yup, that just happened, Abigail's is looking for a solid bartender. Tell yo friends, A little street food on a sunny Saturday afternoon!, Mexican street food @ Abigail's today. Come on by!, Stop by our patio today for some street food! Bar is open too!, So excited for the first Britpop Social Club tonight!, El burro loco!, Patio season.  Finally!, null, null, Don't forget! Next Monday we still have some tickets for our pop up! 
Info at abigailskendall.com, Big congratulations to all the runners especially our neighbor, Bob Trotta,  who ran and raised funds in aid of Alzheimers research!, null, Confit spring lamb, mint yogurt, new potato, grilled asparagus and pickled beets!, Our spring menu is in full bloom!!, Abigail's has a new spring menu and our patio is open !!, Come check out our new spring menu!, Any interest in a Jazz Brunch?, #pantsoffdanceoff, We will be hosting a pop up event on April 28th!! 
Check out the info here 
http://tiny.cc/nrradx, The pig!!, Luau @ Abigail's, Luau at Abigail's!  Come get your tiki on!! Whole roasted island pig tiki drinks and coconut bras., Maybe chef d is prepping up some spam for our luau On Monday night! 7pm 24 bucks  coconut bras no longer optional. They are now mandatory!, Hey guys! Join us this Monday for a luau!  Whole roast pig, kiki drinks and much fun. Call for info and your reservation today., La feile Phadraig  shona daoibh go leir!
Happy St Patrick's day to you all!, Huge congrats to our good friends at Peak Organic on becoming the first certified brewers of Non GMO beer in the world!!, Blue steel!!, Kiki's last day :(, A luau party in march???? Yup! Join us Monday March 24th for a whole roasted pig, traditional Polynesian sides and Rob in a coconut bra. There is limited space available so call now. 617-945-9086, Braised short rib grilled cheese with apricot jam.  This should warm you up today., We miss you., Conan, what is best in life?
Crispy fried Island Creek Oysters, heirloom grits, garlicky spinach, and smoked tomato jam!, Ramen nights are winding down folks. Join us Thursday and Friday for noodles, Kung-fu and the Wu before you miss out!!, We want to thank everyone that came out on Sunday night.  Hope everyone had a great time., 2 more hours of $1 oysters left.  I am disappointed in you. Only 50 shucked so far., Tonight is $1 oysters.  Who can bury the shucker???, We are also sick of the snow. So come on in and we can have a drink and talk about it., Check out our Valentine's day menu at abigailskendall.com 
We have just a few more reservations for tomorrow., null, Here is a link to our Valentine's Day menu. We still have  some room for last minute reservations.
http://www.abigailskendall.com/event/valentines-day/, Albacore tuna
Pickled beech mushrooms
Edamame horseradish purée, http://www.abigailskendall.com/event/noodles-kung-fu-and-the-wu-5/, null, Join us this Sunday night for DJ Profit spinning Top 40 and Dancehall from 9:30-12:45., Tonight is Ramen night. Get your noodles with a side of the Wu!, Parking ban lifted at 5pm. 
Come eat some oysters!, Sorry folks we will not be open till 5 today.  Stay tuned for any updates., Dollar oysters from 4 till 10! Tonight it's Island Creeks!, Join us for the Big Game tonight. We are serving 50 cent wings and $2 ribs all game long!, Ask Rob how his inventory is going tonight and receive a treat from the kitchen., Tonight's special! 
Crispy shrimp, chorizo black beans, Spanish rice., Tonight is Noodle Night!!!
http://www.abigailskendall.com/event/noodles-kung-fu-and-the-wu-3/, Planning an after work cocktail hour?  We offer platters of all sizes to accommodate. http://www.abigailskendall.com/catering/ , Tonight is $1 oysters.  Who can make Robbie cry?, Special guest star on salad station today!!  Mention this post to him and receive one smile and wink., Tonight's main event.
Super Mario 2!!!, Tonight kicks off $1 oysters.   Make the shucker suffer!! We dare you., No football this week. Drown your sorrows with Ricky and Kevin., Ramen @ Abigail's., You all kept asking. Well we listened. $1 oysters Sunday and Monday starting at 4pm, Staring tonight. Delivery to third sq and watermark buildings!! $20 minimum please, Today's special
Charcuterie sandwich w/ head cheese,  pork rillette,  cornichones and whole grain violet mustard on ciabatta., Starting this Friday we will begin our delivery service to the Third Square and Watermark buildings, 7 days a week from 5pm to 10pm., You can haz!, B&B steak salad
W/ Bibb lettuce, Napa cabbage, edamame, pickled bean sprouts and carrot ginger dressing.  
Our top seller so far today., Tonight is Bowls to Faces. Join us at 10pm for Ramen noodles,  Kung-Fu and the Wu!!, Come in tonight and check out our new winter menu., null, null, Come in and test your skills on the big screen., Enjoy our black and blue steak salad and a cold beer this afternoon @ Abigails., From our new menu!
Quakaroni & cheese • smoked duck, rapini, aged cheddar., Soup of the day-
Shitake mushroom with dumplings, Today's special:
Fish and chips,  with Maine silver hake, house cut fries and malt vinegar aoili., Sunday and Monday nights are dinner and a movie with Abigail's.  Join us after five for a discounted ticket for kendall square cinemas with the purchase of an entrée., Soup of the day: Orange carrot ginger

Salad: House smoked salmon salad. With fried capers, cucumber s, bagel croutons and horseradish vinaigrette., Why you no warp zone?, Come on in tonight and rescue a princess!!!, Soup of the day: Orange, carrot, ginger.
Dinner special: Pan seared Maine silver hake. Bourbon glazed brussel sprouts and celery root puree., I almost forgot. Halftime nachos and kiki might cry if the pats win. Silly giants fan, Join us tonight for fiddy cent wings and $2 bones. Not to mention a solid beat down handed out by the patriots!, Today's lunch special:
Fish n chips starring Hake.
Soup of the day:  French onion soup with a swiss cheese crostini., Don't forget....... Thursdays & Fridays are 10ft Kung fu and big bowls of ramen, The kitchen is making pan seared hake with maître d'hôtel butter, celeriac purée, and bourbon glazed Brussels sprouts!, 2 wild and crazy guys!, It's cold outside! Come hang up your coat and warm up with Rickybobby at the bar!, null, Missing you!, null, Keep it safe!, Hello people!! We will be open tonight!!! But..we are going to close for lunch tomorrow.  We will open back up at 4pm for all of you hard core blizzard peeps!, Happy 2014! Rob still has plenty of his hangover helper at the bar, CBS scene!!, Wishing all our wonderful customers a very happy holiday season and a prosperous new year. 
Team Abigail's, null, Rest in peace Charlie Trotter.  You were an inspiration., Casimir Derronette: we love you but it might be wise to not promise to buy a drink for ALL of you friends who are Red Sox fans if they knock out your beloved Yankees and go on to win the World Series. You do live in Boston and there ARE a lot of us. Thanks for the business though my friend. GO SOX!!!!!, Thrilled to announce the safe arrival of William Anthony Venegas! Congratulations to Lizz and Kiki from the extended Abigail's family!, Happy 10th Birthday Abigail! We love you! XXX, null, null, Kick off Bowls to Faces with us tonight. Chef D. Brown cooks the noodles and the Wu lays the soundtrack., null, Here is our lunch menu, Join us today to kick off our NEW FALL MENU.  Try our Trout Torpedo, or our Mussels., We've rolled out our Fall menu and its pretty darn good if we say so ourselves! How does Tempura Battered Squash Blossoms with Ricotta sound?, Any web site designers interested in doing some trade? Message us!, Sweet! Press in my hometown newspaper!, Served with sesame rice, edamame wasabi relish and ginger soy sauce., Happy Cheeseburger Day

Can you handle the Luther Burger?!?!?  Bacon cheddar cheese burger, sunny egg,between glazed doughnuts son!!!, We are thrilled to announce the safe arrival of Charlotte Lord!!! Congratulations to Jason, Nora and big sister Sophia!!!, Tonight at Abigail's:
Thai Style Crispy Bluefish, Surprise guest mutha shucker tonight!!!!, BLT Bloody, Come on in for our Poached Salmon Niscoise  Salad., Get here quick!, Goin to work!!!!!, null, Mmmmm...., Raffle benefits Salvation Army., Ya..... That just happened!, Happy birthday to us!!! We're 2 today!!, The Abigail's family is in the final stages of our first staff baby boom! Two little members are mere months from joining the team. We're SO excited!!, General Gau's Chicken Wings? Yea, we got 'em., Abigail's will be closed to the public tomorrow from 12:30 pm until 2 pm for a private event. We apologize for any inconvenience caused., Abigail's will be closed tomorrow from 12:30-2 pm for a private event. We apologize for any inconvenience., Epic softball win today (21-8!). Go Team Abigail's. Thank you team Independent for a much needed ego boost., We've got Lobster Rolls, Hot Sausages, Cotton Candy, House Made Ice Cream Sandwiches and cold Beer. Lots of Cold Beer. Come on down!!, Abigail's will be open tomorrow at 2 pm. We'll be grilling on the patio all day and even spinning some cotton candy. And we're just a short skip across the street from the fireworks!, Anybody interested in playing softball for Team Abigail's? We play every Tuesday am in Cambridge around 10:30 am. Message us if you're interested. We could use your skills!, Heartbroken to say farewell to Tony @ Third Square Apartments tonight. Best of luck to you going forward. You will be missed more than you can imagine. THANK YOU X, New Brunch Menu!, Go Bruins!!!!, Late night goodness., null, Abigail's will be raising some much needed funds for these brave gentlemen and also for Paul's girlfriend Jacqui who is the sister of a close friend of ours.  Although badly injured herself in the bombings, Jacqui credits JP and Paul for saving her life. For every drink purchased from our new cocktail menu, we will donate $1 to their recovery fund. Drink up people!, Expanded Bowls to Faces options. Thanks Chef!, New Thursday and Friday Theme night, Sarah is bartending  tonight!!!!, New Late Night menu, Ok good people. We're stepping up late night food. The kitchen will remain open until close with special themed food. Tonight's Ramen Night! Bowls to Faces baby!, Congratulations to one of favorite regulars,  Bryan Klickstein on his graduation. Your pig is roasting and we're looking forward to your celebration this evening!, null, null, SRPING 2013, Spring menu 2013, null, Catering by Abigail's, Chef Dimitrias rolls out our new Spring menu tonight., null, Words cannot adequately express our gratitude to the amazing law enforcement agencies for an incredible job keeping us safe and apprehending the suspects. THANK YOU!, We are OPEN!, Our hearts and prayers go out to those effected by yesterday's cowardly acts. There are no words to describe the senseless violence. We stand together as a city and a country in the face of grief. Our thoughts today are with the Summer Shack family today as they face unspeakable grief and loss. 
Peace, Out side Abigail's, Green Garlic! Super local of course:), Best quote of last night's Cooking For A Cause event, one lovely lady as she sheepishly tried our Pork Rillette  muttered "don't tell my Rabbi!", Calvados braised rabbit leg :) yum, Spring lamb Benny !, Yucca crusted Mahi Mahi, pickled red onion salsa, grilled mango, smashed avocado and tostones.  Get it while it lasts!, We made it to round 2! Now we're up against one of our personal favorite restaurants, Strip T's but alls fair in love and burgers!
Please vote for us #burgermadness2013, Hello good people
Like our burger? Please vote for us and help us make round two #burgermadness2013. Just follow the link below. 
Thanks so much!
, null, Q, Staff send off- Abigail's style., WOOHOO BEN AFFLECK!!!!
Proud of you Cambridge boy!!, Abigail's welcomes The Classy Drinking Club!, Last minute Valentines plans? We've still got some cozy tables for two available. Special menu as well as our regular one and Robbie and Keeks are whipping up some delicious cocktails to put you in the mood!, Ok folks

I've managed to get a small crew together so we'll be opening around 6:15 this evening. The menu will be limited but the booze will be flowing. Hope to see you soon!, Well folks it looks like we might be able to pull together a small crew and open up around 6 this evening. We'll have a limited menu but the booze will be flowing freely! Hope to see you there!, Hi everyone
We're hoping to open in some capacity today if we can do so without jeprodizing the safety of our staff. We'll post updates as soon as we have a game plan. Stay tuned and stay safe!, Winter menu 2013, Half time Superbowl Pig Roast tonight and 20 cent wings!, Bone marrow is back and our new mussel app, oh my! Come check our our new Winter menu!!, So, we've been toying with the idea of opening for brunch earlier than our usual 11 am. Quick survey- what time do you usually eat Sunday brunch?
Thanks!, Oh my CityBaked! You really do deliver freshly baked cookies at 2 am! And delicious too!, Check out our new Grab and Go Brown Bag Lunch!. $11 gets you our sandwich of the day (meat or veggie), house made pickles, fruit, chips AND a cookie. Pay with cash and get it for a mere 10 bucks! Please call ahead for large orders., null, Abigail's Pig Roast!, Feeling a little worse for wear? Start 2013 off right with brunch @ Abigail's. We've got Lobster Bennies, Foie McMuffins and of course the Bloody Mary's will be rolling!!! Happy New Year!!, Abigail's will be closed Dec 24th and 25th to allow our staff a little holiday break. We wish you all a happy, healthy holiday season and a wonderful 2013!, Come and get it ! Fresh lobster Benny !!, Abigail's will be closed this evening from 5-9 pm for a private event. We apologize for any inconvenience., What's with the no candy Robbie?, Come on in and join us for a delicious chilly Wednesday night!
We'll keep you warm with BRAISED BRISKET with caraway cabbage and house made spaetzle! 
Who knows Rob and Kiki may have the record player fired up spinning some fantastic old school vinyls!
We'll save a seat for ya!!!, Come join us for a SUPER cozy Wednesday night dinner...
Fresh and local Lobster salad with avocado and Bibb lettuce
THEN stick around for some stick-to-your-ribs  BRAISED BRISKET with caraway cabbage and house-made spaetzle!! 
We'll save a seat for ya!!!, Happy Thanksgiving to all our amazing customers. We are incredibly thankful for all your support, business and friendship. You are the best! Have a wonderful day!!, Mini menu change tomorrow. Lots of new seafood dishes to try including Lobster Buccatini with San Marzano tomato sauce. Get some!, Happy 2nd birthday to our fantastic neighbors Voltage! Here's to many more successful years guys!, Scott's Farewell Cake!, Please join us tonight as we bid Adieu to our much loved (and oft sarcastic)  bartender Scott. We wish him much love and luck as he moves on to greener pastures. Abigail's will never be the quite the same without him. Sniff..........., And one more thing, if you wouldn't mind voting for Abigail and Elsa in Third Square Apartments Halloween contest. Just click "Like" to vote!
Thank you!, Hello nice people!
Please take a moment to vote for Abigail's in The Boston Burger Blog's Best Burger Contest!
Thank you!
http://citygusto.com/restaurantListDetail/showList/id?id=835&cityUrlId=cambridge&neighborhoodUrlId=kendall-square-mit&userId=462827681, Tom is king of the candy, Braised beef brisket over spaetzle with spinach and horseradish cream sauce., Ok, we are going to open with a skeleton crew around 6:30. Drew and Justus are whipping up some comfort foods (Drew's Famous Meatloaf among other treats) and Sarah is pouring the beers! Hey Sandy, we ain't afraid of no wind!!, Toying with the idea of opening the bar tonight with a limited menu. We'll let you know in a few hours., Happy 9th Birthday Abigail!! We love you baby XXX, Rib Fest today! Come on down to taste and vote!, Yep, it's a pumpkin, Halloween family fun @ Jack O Lantern Spectacular, Roger
William's Zoo, R.I. Talent provided by our good friends George, Travis, Pauly and Co. SO worth the trip peeps., House smoked brisket and eggs? Hangover pizza, topped with bacon , 4 eggs, American cheese , mayo, green onions, fried potatoes and spicy ketchup? Or our s'mores French toast ? Pick your pleasure:), null, Feeling an itch to purchase some new Al Harding art., Rosemary Grilled Lamb Chops with grilled escarole and a balsamic sherry reduction., Grilled Foie Gras with fennel cherry sauce and wilted frisée., Fall Menu 2012, null, null, null, null, null, New Fall menu!, Doobie's Habanero-Honey Mustard Wings., Brunch Hangover Pizza (bacon, eggs, green onions, spicy ketchup, American cheese- tastes waaaay better than it sounds) and Smores French Toast. Just some of our new menu options. Served til 4!, Brisket Sandwich with fried egg is back! Get some!, Looking forward to our pre service new menu tasting tomorrow. Its a tough job but we have to make sure everything is perfect before we serve it to you., Getting ready for our new Fall menu, rolling out next Saturday. Some old faves returning (brisket sandwich anyone?) and some new delicious options too., Serrano Ham wrapped, Blue Cheese Stuffed Pears., Local milk fed veal scallopini , white wine caper butter sauce, crispy smoked ham and grilled escarole . Come and get it!, null, null, null, null, null, Sunday Roasts coming soon. Think Roast Beef with Yorkshire Pudding, Classic Roast Chicken with Roasted Potatoes and gravy..... Just like Mom used to make but better!, null, Kudos my  friend! So proud of you!, null, null, Oh burger deliciousness. Thank you chef Jason, chef Burger Boy and Chef Katie!, Still have some space available for Monday's Burger Pop up. Call for reservations., null, Wow, it seems like we have a lot of burger fanatics out there! We are now taking reservations for our Pop Up Burger event with The Boston Burger Blog next Monday,  August 20th.
$25 p.p gets you a 3 course family style meal with choice of 2 burgers each. Optional beer tasting with local brewers, Peak Organic for an additional fee.
Don't wait too long. Its looking like its going to sell out pretty fast. We're just doing one seating at 10 pm.
Hope to see y'all there!, null, Abigail's will be closed this evening at 6 pm to allow the staff to enjoy a well deserved birthday party. We thank you all for your support and patronage over the past year. You guys rock!, Scrapple egg and cheese biscuits with white sausage gravy! Come and get it!, It's our First Birthday today! Woo Hoo!, null, As we approach our first birthday, Abigail's would like to thank you all so much for your loyalty, business and friendship over the past year. We are truly humbled that so many of you have become regulars. Meeting you all has been a fantastic experience and we hope to see a lot more of you all in the coming years!
THANK YOU!
Team Abigail's., Countdown begins. 7 days until our birthday!, WE DID IT!!!!!!! Softball CHAMPS!!!!!, Holding our breaths. Bottom of the 7th. Team Abigail's up 17-8., We did it!!! Final to begin in an hour!!!!, Final inning for Team Abigail's in softball playoffs! It's close but we might just do it., 2 weeks exactly. I can't believe in two weeks Abigail's will be one!!!!!!!, null, Peak Organic will be providing some delicious brews for next months Pop Up Burger event at Abigail's with The Boston Burger Blog's Richard Chuddy. Sweet Treats from the lovely Katie from The Skinny Beat. You know you shouldn't miss it!, Pop Up Burger night next month with the famed ( and sometimes harsh :) ) Richard Chuddy of The Boston Burger Blog. We can't wait!, Thank you Cassandra Sell for the AMAZING photos you took of our food!, photo credit: Cassandra Sell, From our 2012 Summer Menu: Grapefruit Salmon Ceviche!, Rolling out our summer menu today folks., null, null, Team Abigail's crushed it today at Softball. Down 15-5 in the second inning, they made a heroic comeback to win 36-23!!! Good game Team Green Street!, null, 6 weeks until our 1st birthday!, LIFE ON THE LEFT BANK, “KENDALL CONVEX SEPTAGON” http://t.co/uImswNGq via @DigBoston, Tonight's special. Get some. http://t.co/KDBfMvPy, Abigail's catering up and running. Drop off or full service!, Excellent Late Brunch at Abigail's in Kendall Sq.,Cambridge - Greater Boston Area Topic @CHOW http://t.co/oLNPmDjN, #Wowza. Just saw a McClaren SLR. Much sexier than its little brother. Tried to get a pic but it left my Subaru and I in the dust., Abigail's Catering now up and running! Drop off or full service, you choose!, null, Taste of Cambridge 2012 | Photo Dump  http://t.co/ixkrl0x4 via @wordpressdotcom, null, null, null, Taste of Cambridge peeps!, Here piggy piggy http://t.co/wBbxs9j1, Getting ready for Taste of Cambridge tomorrow. http://t.co/mAID0hzo, http://t.co/fWZe93qe, http://t.co/2M7fHLJM, Coming up on one year of this madness! I think I smell a party brewing:), null, Congratulations to our new graduates! Happy to hear we didn't kill too many brain cells with our cocktails. Proud of you all!, 10 weeks from 1st year anniversary!!!! WOW, WOW, WOW........., Just struck by the incredible realization that we are a mere 10 weeks away from out first anniversary. Wow....., Team Abigail's won our first softball game of the season! In all fairness though, the other team didn't actually show up., Yes, we're open!, Wow, just tried our Sweet Peach Mascarpone stuffed French Toast. Delicious! Patio open now. Come get some., Gross Ingredients In Processed Foods http://t.co/YqvSIzOG via @HealthyLiving, null, Hub welcomes fun – but still fine – dining - http://t.co/ER6Cnx3p: http://t.co/wAs4Uj7s, Seem we have been hacked. Apologies for any spam sent your way. We DO NOT endorse weight loss products., It appears our Twitter account (which feeds to Facebook) has been hacked.  We do not in any way endorse weight loss products (or anything else questionable) on our page. Please bear with us as we attempt to rectify the situation and don't click on any messages sent from us.
Apologies,
Team Abigail's, Lose 20 lbs. of Fat in 30 Days http://t.co/gxzIqXhK, I lost weight without having to make any major diet changes while boosting energy levels, heres how: http://t.co/NECwmFIL, An amazing new weight loss product! It worked for me and I didnt even change my diet! http://t.co/Zvbn44v1, An amazing new weight loss product! It worked for me and I didnt even change my diet! http://t.co/SdRjV12z, Abigail's will be closed to the public today, wednesday from 5-8:30 for a private function., Abigail's will be closed today  Wednesday from 5-5:30 pm for a private function. We apologize for any inconvenience., Breakfast skillet  w/ grilled bread. http://t.co/EOGDqlsF, Breakfast Skillet. http://t.co/P3fgppcv, http://t.co/cYWu69Cc, Grilled Banana Split w/ Greek yogurt and granola. New brunch! http://t.co/6tg4L4rs, Sunshine, patio and new brunch menu? Oh yeah, we've got it all., Rolling out a new brunch menu. Still with a southern theme but some fantastic non BBQ dishes., Spring Menu revamp. Check it!, House smoked Turkey BLT. http://t.co/zPkRl3rw, Veggie burger, burrata, smoked tomato jam. http://t.co/kepRK2Wg, Bucatini Di Mare. http://t.co/2JoSknIo, Steak salad. http://t.co/QFMC1M1l, Poached Salmon salad. http://t.co/cfnFdexR, Crispy skinned Salmon, rapini, olive-tomato salad. http://t.co/y3AGIT7A, BBQ Chicken with Oma's potato salad. http://t.co/daJQUtEu, Spicy Salmon Poke, seaweed salad. http://t.co/PybWXb7M, Seared New Bedford scallops, fava bean purée. http://t.co/tV414QlT, Oh and lunch/dinner changes too. Torn between the fish tacos and Bucatini di Mare., Tweaking BBQ brunch and adding some awesome non BBQ stuff. Think Brunch Banana Split. Mmmm, http://t.co/zuXnuGES, Happy Mother's Day to all you lovely mommies. Hope you are enjoying the beautiful weather and being spoiled!, Yea Abigail's softball team!, Huge congratulations to Beau and Trina Strum on the safe arrival of your new baby Starlights! Welcome Vivian and Presley!, Big welcome to the neighborhood @TatteCookies ., Perfect day for lunch on the patio. Come on down!, Apparently I should follow Bounty paper towels., Happy 3rd birthday to our sweet little Elsa. We love you baby. Someday you'll have a restaurant named after you too., null, Patio!!!!!! http://t.co/BLroRnAp, Abby gives the pup some love. http://t.co/VW6sxM8C, Elsa admiring Lincoln's new do http://t.co/wEZEj7ws, Lincoln, our mascot, got a haircut. Such a handsome boy. http://t.co/P0LDT3TB, Anybody going to Taste of the Nation? Kiki and I will see you there!, Go marathoners! We're going to sit back and eat oysters and sip cocktails. Sure do admire your endurance though., null, Abigail's at the Yes Gala., null, Spring has sprung its  new menu @abigailskendall, Sping has sprung it new menu @abigailskendall, Spring menu right around the corner. We're so excited about it!, Kicking up our game with the new Spring  menu. Can't wait for y'all to try it!, Patio furniture has started to arrive!, Ah Pig Roasts, how we love thee.   More family style meals and whole beasts to come., Dan's birthday Pig Roast @ Abigail's http://t.co/uSn9CpLQ, Happy Birthday Dan! Enjoy your Pig Roast @ Abigail's, null, Happy Birthday Dan. Enjoy your piggy!, Dan's Birthday Pig Roast @ Abigail's., Its down to the last hour of voting for round 1. Vote Abigail's!!, Gorgeous day out there. Have some tables on the patio today. Margarita anyone?, 2012 Munch Madness Tournament Begins. http://t.co/wcrGfWxE via @hiddenboston, Munch Madness! Only one day to vote. Please help us get to the next round!, Please vote for us!, Munch Madness 2012 -- Boston restaurant challenge - http://t.co/saEwccUJ http://t.co/yUQUDxSa via @BostonDotCom Please vote for us!, Ah....... Red Sox and a cold Whales Tale Ale., Calling all Fan's of Abigail's! Get a FREE dessert with the purchase of a $40 dollar eGift Card. Check out our Daily Offers page for other great special deals and offers! You can also click http://ow.ly/9LGdM for more details. , Oh @jwadebond how I wish you could cook for me every day., St Paddy's Day destroyed you? BBQ Brunch will put you back together again., Supper anyone? A late night offer at Abigails. 15% off.
 http://ow.ly/9Cvws, Every penny is worth a pound, when  you save them. Join us at Abigails tonight, for a chance to win a $50.00 gift certificate, and save a few pennies at the same time.
 http://ow.ly/9Cvqo, Congrats William Kovel @CatalystCam on your nomination for best chef @ food and wine mag. Please vote peeps! Kendall represents!, Go neighbor!, Worth a chance to win a $50 gift certificate, and get 15% off.
 http://ow.ly/9wz8U, There is a comeback in the wings.
 http://ow.ly/9wzeK, What you didn’t know about Cauliflower, What our Australian buddies think about burgers...”the burger we wrote”..a good old yarn about plain old burgers. I think they would like ours!, Some times you deserve something a little better!, There are Fries...and then there are...mouth watering and free fries!, A food inspired holiday for Abigail lovers!, LevelUp commercial shooting at Abigail's right now. http://t.co/6FGetUi3, I know it's late. But doesn't mean you can't nibble on some grub. Plus it's Friday night? What are you doing on Facebook!? Go out, get some food - and use this offer to save some cash while you enjoy fresh eats., Have you had your free Gouda Fries yet? Check out this great offer and get on that Gouda!, What are your plans for the weekend? Take advantage of our Late Night Meal deal and get %15 off a $20 purchase., A nice tip of the hat to Boston, Check out Abigail's on Urbanspoon!, Got the munchies? Let this deal for late night grub from Abigail's satisfy your craving,, Buy a dinner for two at Abigail's with today's deal, and receive a free order of Gouda Fries! That craving for poutine can finally be satisfied on this side of the border, Eh?, To the stern guy or gal who takes themselves too seriously, this Mac and Cheese will bring the child right out of you. Buy this delicious deal and come down to Abigail's today and try this grown up Mac and Cheese!, Still hungry? Late night rabble-rousers need more than just drinks to keep them going. Why not finish the night at Abigail’s, save 15% and enjoy some delicious food that doesn't come wrapped in paper? http://ow.ly/9ms3h, At Abigail's we're a long way from the box kind. Grab this offer and try our Baked Shells and Cheese with gorgonzola, duck confit, and kale, and see why an old favorite should come out of retirement. http://ow.ly/9mrB9, Listen to bill. What's your food program look like? I can't think of a more responsible way to eat than to scarf down a piping hot plate of gouda frieds with gravy and bacon. Not to mention they're free with one of our offers ;) Check out the "Daily Offer" tab to your left http://ow.ly/9mrW9, null, Looking for a light and healthy lunch? Try out Falafel style veggie burger: lemon-tahini sauce, pickled turnip, red onion, iceburg lettuce on a ciabatta roll http://ow.ly/9msfo, Free Gouda Fries with Dinner for Two: It kinda sells itself, but in case you're not convinced, why not try an order on the house? Pick up this offer, which entitles you to two dinner entrees of your choice, and a complimentary order of Gouda fries, Feeling adventurous? We've got dishes that'll rock your palate, The anti-bacon campaign will never gain steam, b/c it's impossible to resist sizzling gammon, At Abigail's we're a long way from the box kind. Grab this offer and try our Baked Shells and Cheese with gorgonzola, duck confit, and kale, and see why an old favorite should come out of retirement., Piggy Roast/Industry Night. Lots of $  raised for Salvation Army! http://t.co/xAqr9AaW, Abigail's puppy! http://t.co/N85xlL25, Huge Industry Night success! Delicious piggy. Thank you for your sacrifice., James Beard Semifinalist Jody Adams Talks Rialto, Trade http://t.co/0kvAwRMo, null, Abigail's will be closed to the public on Sunday 26th at 9 pm and on Tuesday 28th from 4-8 for private events. We apologize for any inconvenience., One Day Only! Stop by for happy hour any time after 5 p.m. and the first one to mention getta!Table will win a free order of our special Mac N Cheese on them! They'll even include one for your friend! Celebrate Mardi Gras with a full belly! For more great specials, check out the "Daily Offers" tab on the left!, Next to which candidate will win the next presidential election, the biggest debate on the planet is: So what’s the deal with PayPal and NFC? Join some of payments hottest stars here on Tuesday, Feb. 28 to be part of the discussion and enjoy a three-course dinner (with wine) for just $49!, Phantom Gourmet: New Kendall Square Restaurants « CBS Boston http://t.co/gtH5MZNJ, null, Greater Boston's best new restaurants 2012 - http://t.co/saEwccUJ http://t.co/kbC7DTXx, So very proud of Team Abigail's!, null, Alc(ohol)hemy - Going Out | Improper Bostonian: http://t.co/JWpEvQz4 via @AddThis, Burger Boy worthy!, Abigail's will be closing after Brunch tomorrow to host our belated Holiday party., Just a heads up, Abigail's will be closing after Brunch tomorrow so our staff can enjoy a late but well earned Holiday party., null, Man Food: The BBQ Brisket Sandwich at Abigail's, via @BostonMagazine: http://t.co/u8Vh9wOa, Ok, so certain Abigail's staffers are from NY but we all know The Pats will destroy The Giants. I will buy you a shot after to cry into., "Do they have a good brunch? They brunch the s**t out of it" an Abigail's regular., GO PATS!, null, null, The Kendall Square Dining Guide, via @BostonMagazine: http://t.co/IyshTcGc, Watch the big game @ Abigail's on Sunday on our projector and enjoy our special game day menu!, Big congrats to our good friends at Deep Ellum on the opening of their new restaurant Lone Star. Tacos and Tequila- get some!, Hopping Saturday night!!!, Come watch the Pats and enjoy some Nachos Con Chicharrones!, And for the game today, Nachos Con Chicharrones. Go Pats!, BBQ Brunch, yeah!, Brownie Troop working on their cooking badge @ Abigail's this morning. http://t.co/XSemzAcP, Brownie Troop earning their cooking badges @ Abigail's this morning. http://t.co/6ja267yu, Rest in Peace Etta. You were a legend ., Best Boston Date Spots for Valentine's Dinner 2012 | Beauty and Style http://t.co/NrVFK4g1, null, Abigail’s Prospers With Attention To Detail http://t.co/6aRnI6rO via @AddThis, So, a customer took the time to count the rings on our English Elm bar top tonight. Apparently, it's over 85 years old!, Bring your best Tebow insult in tonight and get a free special snack from Chef Jason and all the Tebow haters in the kitchen. GO PATS!!!!!, Tell your server your best Tebow insult tonight and get a little free snack from Chef Jason!, Puppy sitting! http://t.co/CCb2h9Ja, Wowza! 70 new fans in 24 hours! Thanks peeps!, Massages for Abigail's Staff Appreciation Day. We're all blissed out and mellow!, Staff massages, ahhh.....Thanks Joint Venture!, Oh eastcoastgrill parties, how we love thee!, Elsa loves him too!, Abigail's mascot!  We love you Lincoln! http://t.co/G1GFjcuN, Come dig on our new late night menu :) Available  till 1:00 AM every night!, Happy New Year everybody! Wishing you all a safe and healthy 2012., Masquerade Ball tomorrow night! Special buffet with delectable bites or A La Carte menu. You choose. Merriment provided!, A La Carte menu also available tomorrow night. Space still available. Ring in the New Year with our kooky staff. Fun guaranteed!, Looking Forward to our New Years Masquerade Ball!, Happy Holidays to all our wonderful customers! Thank you for being so loyal and for helping us get off the ground. We will be closed on Saturday and Sunday but will reopen on Monday.  Hope to see you all soon., What's everyone doing for New Years?, Guess which restaurant just got named one of Boston's best new restaurants of 2011 by the Boston Globe? Woot woot! Go Team Abigail's!, New Winter menu starts today!!, So our reservation for Bruschi really was Teddy!, Looked over the reservation book before service tonight and joked about the table booked to Bruschi. Turns out it was Teddy!, Winter menu starts tomorrow! We have some delicious treats for you good folk!, New menu change starting tomorrow. Can you believe winter is already here? How does Braised Oxtail Pot Pie, Abby's Thick Cut Sirloin with truffled Risotto followed by Honey Acorn Squash Pie sound to you? We're looking forward to our pre service menu tasting!, Join us for our New Years Masquerade party! $50 includes buffet dinner and midnight toast. Call for reservations!, Gift Cards now available! Great last minute holiday gifts!, Have you made your reservation for our New Years Eve Masquerade ball yet?, Join us on New Years Eve for our Masquerade Ball! Ticket are $50. Food, midnight bubbly toast and fun provided., Celebrate New Years Eve at Abigail's Masquerade Ball! Costumes and masks strongly encouraged. Tickets are $50 p.p and include buffet and bubbly at midnight!!, Check out our daily offers on Gettatable and score some great deals. Click on the link on the left hand side., DSC_8803 http://t.co/HRTfTkld, Lincoln eating a bone http://t.co/20cEt9KT, Check out the exclusive I found on getta!Table http://t.co/WlYQIYpO via @AddThis, Sweet! Well done guys!, MIT injecting life into Kendall Square http://t.co/iNQHi49V, Holiday party slots filling fast. Book yours today!, Abigail's will be closed on Thanksgiving but we wish all our loyal customers and friends a happy, safe holiday!, Pre Thanksgiving cabin fever? Us too. Come join us and numb the impending pain :), Come warm up with a Hot Apple Cider with Apple Brandy. Its cold out there!, Congratulations to our friends at The Gallows on being voted one of Boston Magazines top 50 Restaurants! Well deserved guys. You Rock!!!, Wowza! We had the real Bozo the Clown as a guest tonight!, Sunday BBQ Brunch at Abigails http://t.co/WIkaBjbx via @BostonDotCom, null, null, EATS: ROUND-UP: KENDALL SQUARE http://t.co/kqBm1aLz via @DigBoston, We're in every publication this week it seems! Thank you critics and thank you customers!  We SO appreciate it!, null, Candy hangover? We've got the cure., Woot Woot!, We'r haunted on the inside......, null, PLEASE post your food pics from Abigail's and other participating restaurants . You have the power to save lives., Wonderful Cambridge start-up. Abigail's is all about minimizing our carbon footprint., We have a "secret" brunch burger stacked with fried egg, canadian bacon, american cheese and hollandaise sauce. Get it!, Common Good - Going Out | Improper Bostonian: http://t.co/qSnTvPXp via @AddThis, null, Happy Birthday Abigail!!!!, SO many wonderful old friends/restaurant people in tonight! Amazing to see you all!!, This photo just raised $1 to help feed the hungry in East Africa. #goodbellyproject http://t.co/NJCb3had, This photo just raised $1 to help feed the hungry in East Africa. #goodbellyproject http://t.co/8yXqSgR3, DSC_8917 http://t.co/bpVA1tXa, null, Good Belly Project: Helping UNICEF's East Africa Relief Efforts. http://t.co/48sQ4loy via @hiddenboston, Dining Out reviews - http://t.co/saEwccUJ http://t.co/W6MO1ibM, null, Use Instagram in participating restaurants and raise money for famine relief in East Africa. #goodbellyproject http://t.co/lCAzvoDD, null, Stop by Abigail's, take a picture of your food and post and we will donate $1 per picture to Unicef to feed hungry kids in Africa. It takes $5 (or 5 pics) to feed a kid for a week. Thank you goodbellyproject.com for inviting us to participate!, How does Smoked Hubbard Squash Soup followed by Pork and Polenta with Brandy Plumped Prunes sound? Oh and don't forget dessert. Try some Sticky Toffee Date Pudding with Burnt Caramel Ice Cream! Fall menu debuts today!, New menu starts tomorrow!  Welcome Fall!, null, null, Tonight's dinner special: Bouillabaisse with fresh herbs from our garden. http://t.co/LhlFeDWJ, Country BBQ Brunch 11-4., Specials tonight: Shrimp 'n Grits, and our tribute to Steve Jobs, the I Cocktail! Late plates served 'til close. Stop by and see us!, Tonights dinner special is a Spinach and Mushroom tart with Quail egg. Get them while you can!, A brisk chill in the air. Almost time for our Fall menu change. New delicious dishes to come......, Go drop some knowledge on 'New “Arrested Development” Episodes May Be Set' http://t.co/qmz5ERsj via @bostinnovation, How about some BBQ and eggs to brighten up this dull day? Brunch served 11-4. come on down!, 10 Hot New Restaurants Opening Their Doors This Fall http://t.co/IBdGp837 via @bostinnovation, Loving the Pate @ Catalyst!  Thanks William!, null, Brunch success! Still another hour to come on down!, BBQ, eggs and lots of delicious cocktails, T-13 hours!, BBQ Brunch starts tomorrow! Come hungry, leave happy!, Test driving the smoker for Sunday Brunch. Mmmmm......., Wow!, Metro - Abigail’s nails it http://t.co/aC20YEJV via @metroBOS, BBQ BRUNCH, THIS SUNDAY....., Bar cashier at Abigail's in Kendall Square. Taken from the sidewalk outside. http://t.co/KYhwBXAP, Congrats to our wonderful Sous Chef Brent on his marriage to the lovely Jen!, Many congrats to our amazing Sous chef, Brent Heiner on his marriage to the equally amazing Jen Sutowski. We love you both so much! XX, It's official. BBQ brunch starts Sept 25th!, null, Looks like we will be starting brunch this month. BBQ and eggs anyone?, null, The man is back!!!!, Dining http://t.co/SWu7Z9j, Congrats to our friends @ Season To Taste Catering on winning Impropers Best Wedding Caterer! U guys rock!!!, Irene may have kicked us around a little but Abigail's is fighting back. We will be open around 5 this evening for Raw Bar, Snacks and of course our delicious libations! Come join us for Hurricane Party 2011! You know you want to get out of the house!! See y'all later!, null, Earthquake, huh? We didn't feel any earthquake @ Abigail's. Now you know the place to shelter from eathquakes. The only thing being shaken here are our fabulous cocktails!, Robbie, Eric and Ben are spinning some chill tunes and making some great cocktails. Come on down!, null, Thank you SO, SO much to all the good folk who have stopped by our restaurant. We are truly honored to have you as guests!, The place is hopping tonight! WOOHOO!, We are open for full service today! Come join us for lunch!, null, Red Sox, Double Down Burger and a cold beer? Happening now @ Abigail's. Come on down!, WE ARE OPEN FOR BUSINESS!!!!!! Come on down!, Getting ready Folks. Can't wait to see you all VERY soon!, Staff training!!!!, So close it's scary!, null, Inspection time. Fingers crossed!, So delighted to announce the safe arrivals of two beautiful baby girls to the Abigail's family, Stella Lyn Shoer and Sofia Ashley Lord!!!!!, null, I think you can picture it :), Feeling like a kid at Christmas and eagerly anticipating the finished project., Delighted to officially welcome bar manager and former B Side Lounge All Star, Rob Iurilli! Welcome back to Cambridge Bro!, LOVING our new team!, Walkin installed! Now for those beer lines...., Wow! Almost 400 Fans. We are truly humbled. Can't wait to see you all there soon!, Things are starting to take shape!, HEY LOOK!, More bar  pics!, It's all starting to feel terrifyingly real......., I hope this bar becomes familiar to you:), Future herb / edible flower garden!, Bar top. , null, Gettin our curve on!, The wood we picked out for the bar comes in tomorrow....Can't wait!, The inner workings provided by our good friends at ADK construction!, :), null, null, Abigail @ Abigail's, Check out our new Awnings! We think they are pretty sweet!, We have Awnings! Yay!, Follow us on Twitter @abigailskendall., The hood!, Awnings!, Signage!, Top secret Abigail's burger research., Apparently not a good idea to sneak up on your electricians with flash photography........Sorry bout that guys:), HOT FOOD PLEASE!, Part of our awesome construction crew., Ceiling work and kitchen pick up window installation., Working hard on your behalf to put together our "special bottles" list., Office space!, From the floor up!, Building!, As of 8 a.m today, we are officially under construction!!!, "After a good meal, one can forgive anybody, even one's own relations." Oscar Wilde, Got the first draft of our cocktail menu from our bar manager. Just got really thirsty!, I think we just found the perfect Raw Bar piece for Abigail's! We're excited!, Abigail's Restaurant hearts Posto in Somerville. Truly delicious dining experience!, The team is shaping up!, Looks like we're going to get some great competition in Kendall Square. The more the merrier! Kendall is about to explode with new dining options!, Signed off on final design plans for the restaurant! So thrilled to have found an Architect who could embrace our vision and translate it to paper so beautifully. We can't wait for all you guys to see it!, Tasted some fantastic local wines today for our wine list., Finalizing kitchen and bar equipment and hoping the permitting guys are kind!, Fantastic meal at Island Creek Oyster Bar last night!, SO much to do......, null, Coming Spring 2011!, And so it begins......, null)