List(Seared striped bass on special tonight! Yum!!, Every Wednesday we take you on a culinary tour of a region of Italy! This week it's Apulia. Three course meal for just $30!!!, Happy Easter from Tavolo! Tonight we're serving braised leg of lamb with polenta, Swiss chard, preserved lemon, and mint mascarpone as a special.  Come in and try it., Live music coming up at Tavolo! Tuesday 29th Martin Morell will be here. Great music and great food. Join us!, Follow our events page to see what's happening at Tavolo!, Pan seared striped bass on special tonight!, We have our weekly Wednesday pasta tour tonight. Pictured is the main course, braised leg of lamb with prosciutto, fava bean, tomato, basil ricotta, and pappardelle. Come in and have the three course meal for $30!!, Don't forget trivia tonight at Tavolo! The fun starts at 8 pm!!, Sunday supper! All three courses for just $25!!, Salmon crudo on special tonight!, On special tonight! Agnolotti and shrimp with ricotta, lemon, Calabrian chili, Irish whiskey, and butter sauce #freshpasta #tavolo #goodfoodiseverything, Cicchetti Monday!
Agnolotti-calabrian chili ricotta, caper cream
Shrimp Mole-lime creme fraiche, spicy sausage, pepitas
Olive Oil Poached Veggies-lemon, rye crumbs, We're taking you to Campania on this beautiful spring day for our weekly pasta tour special! Pictured is the main course, cockles with bevette, capers, olives, english peas, and parsley. All three courses are just $30, come in and see the rest!, Live music starts in one hour!, One of our cicchettis tonight... Soft boiled quail egg with sauce gribiche, capers, gherkin, and tarragon. Just $3! 

And don't forget live music starts at 8!, Don't forget about TRIVIA tonight @ 8pm!!, On special tonight! Cicchettis... 
Smoked Salmon Rillette  
Chive marscapone, citrus, melba crumbs
Oil Poached Veggies
Marsala & sea salt sabayon, parmesan crisp.
Tomme Fonduta 
Truffle oil, pickled vegetable, crostini, null, null, Fresh pasta made in house at Tavolo every day!, null, null, Trivia starts at 8! Come in and join us!, Cicchettis tonight! Small tasting plates for just $3 or $4. Featuring smoked soft boiled egg, Italian sausage, and baked stuffed clam., One of our specials tonight...speck wrapped shrimp!, On special tonight! Brown butter seared flounder with lemon-garlic maltagliati, basil, and toasted almonds., null, On Tuesday March 1st Tavolo will be having a cheese tasting! $35 per a person and it starts at 6:30. Call and make your reservations now!! 

Menu for the tasting:
 
Course One
Featured MA Cheese:  Robinson Farm Swiss
Made from 100% certified organic cow's milk in Hardwick, MA
Swiss Fondue with focaccia, gherkins and farm radishes
 
Course Two
Featured MA Cheese:  Valley View Farm Tuffet
Farmstead goats milk cheese made in Topsfield, MA
Beet Ravioli with cheese, tarragon, scallions and lemon
 
Course Three
Featured MA Cheese:  Robinson Farm Tomme
From a grass-fed herd of Normandy, Jersey & Holstein-crossed cows
Potato Gnocchi Gratin with mushrooms and thyme
 
Course Four
Featured MA Cheese:  Grey Barn and Farm Bluebird
One of only two cheesemaking operations on Martha's Vineyard
Spiced Poached Pears with blue cheese, walnuts and saba, As always, it's pasta tour night here at Tavolo. All three courses for just $30!! Tonight we're serving up salumi antipasti, braised wild boar over maltagliati, and apple cider sorbet for dessert., DELICIOUS CICCHETTI TONIGHT!!

*Wellfleet Oyster |2.5
Bloody Mary-vodka sauce, shallot, baby cilantro

Beef Ragu & Polenta  |3
Tenderloin, wild mushroom, pancetta, tomato, parmesan

Faroe Island Salmon  |4
Seared brussel sprout, potato,    bacon-mustard sauce,                       smoked sea salt, Get you trivia team together and get on down here tonight.
 8 o'clock start, Join us for Sunday supper...all 3 courses for just $25!, We have some cicchetti on special tonight!! (small plates for just $5) They are steak satay, salmon crudo, and fried baby mushrooms. 

Also on special - baked wellfleet oysters and shrimp & tomato soup.

Come in for dinner on this beautiful night!, Live music tonight at Tavolo! Martin/Morell goes on at 8 pm!!, Special Valentine's menu tonight! We're serving up oysters, pan roasted statler chicken breast, seared local scallops and grilled beef tenderloin. And for dessert we have chocolate covered strawberries and vanilla panna cotta. Come celebrate with us!, Valentine's Day is just around the corner! We'll be featuring oysters, beef tenderloin, scallops, panna cotta and much more!! Make your reservations now, Tonight at Tavolo we're taking a culinary tour of Tuscany! Pictured is the first course, sun-dried tomato bruschetta, the main course is a seafood cioppino, and for dessert is chestnut cake. All three courses for just $30!!, Tavolo will be closed tonight for a private party. But Valentine's Day is right around the corner...make your reservations now!, The storm is over! Come join us for dinner... On special tonight is house-smoked Faroe island salmon!, Appetizer course of our Wednesday culinary tour! Roasted winter root vegetables with tarragon vinaigrette, toasted hazelnuts, and goat cheese. Come in and see the rest! All three courses for $30!!!, Trivia tonight at 8pm!!! See you there!, Braised beef with roasted farm carrots, brussel sprouts, sweet potato and bagna cauda. On special tonight!!!, Garlic soup on special tonight!!!, Our weekly Wednesday culinary tour here at Tavolo tonight...we're touring  Valle d'Aosta. First course is garlic soup with herbs, lemon zest and torn croutons, main course is carbonada with braised beef, maltagliati, tarragon and fonduta (pictured). And for dessert, red wine poached pear with salted shortbread and amaretto cream. All three courses for $30!!!, Join us for LIVE MUSIC Tuesday January 26 at Tavolo. Music starts at 8:30!!, On special for dessert tonight...wine poached pear with mascarpone!, Fresh potato gnocchi here every night at Tavolo! Served with farm greens, green onion, pecorino, lime and hazelnuts., It's pasta tour tonight at Tavolo! 3 courses for just $30 while we take you on a culinary tour of an Italian region. Tonight we're touring Liguria with garlic chickpea soup, grilled local shrimp (pictured) and blood orange cannoli!, Live Music @ Tavolo Tonight!! Martin & Morell kick it off at 8pm! No cover!, Tomorrow at 6:30! Beer dinner at Tavolo. Featuring housemade Italian sausage & beef salami, braised short rib & polenta, raw oysters w/ smoked hops sabayon, duck duo-confit leg & seared breast and much more! $40 per a person, call 617-822-1918 to make a reservation!, On special tonight...veal scaloppini with saffron risotto and lemon caper butter. Yum!, Live music @ Tavolo starting Tuesday January 12th!!, First course of our Wednesday tour meal tonight.. Roasted brussels and chestnuts with taleggio cream and bravo radish!  Second course is veal cutlet milanese and and for dessert...cranberry almond biscotti. All for $30!, Weekly Wednesday tour tonight at Tavolo! Milan here we come. Enjoy a three course meal for just $30!, As always, Sunday Supper at Tavolo. Come in tonight and try all 3 courses for $25!! Courses this week include cold smoked salmon, beef tenderloin milanese and orange canollis. Yum!, Linguini and mussels on the special menu tonight...come join  us for Sunday supper! 3 course meal for just $25!, We're having the feast of seven fishes tonight at Tavolo. 3 courses for just $30! Here's the first course...grilled octopus and prawns ensalata., Sunday supper at Tavolo tonight. 3 courses for just $25! Here's the first course, parsnip soup. Come in and see the rest!, The main course of our culinary tour tonight. Pan seared lake trout with lemon risotto, pancetta and salsa verde. Come in and try it! 3 course meal for just $30! #Tavolo, It's culinary tour night here at Tavolo! We're taking you to Lombardy...taste wise at least. Come in and try all three of these courses for just $30:
Pork Sausage Polenta with herb butter sauce and pecorino
Pan Seared Lake Trout with lemon risotto, pancetta and salsa verde
& Amaretto Gelato with almond crumble and spiced apple butter, What's better than eating good food and helping others at the same time? You can do that with us this season at Tavolo., Two of our specials tonight! A chilled shrimp salad and grilled flatbread with pesto yogurt and prosciutto.., What're you doing on Monday night? Coming into Tavolo for trivia! Good fun and great food. We'll see you then!, Main course of our pasta tour tonight! Pork cutlet with braised red lentils, capers, mushroom, green beans, lemon and speck. 3 courses for $30 every Wednesday! #Tavolo #goodfoodiseverything, Featured tonight... Seafood Fra' Diavlo with grilled octopus, seared shrimp, spicy salami, San marzano tomatoes, farm mustard greens and linguini!, It's cicchetti night at Tavolo! Small plates for just $2-4 every Monday and Tuesday! Here's one of our cicchettis tonight - Italian sausage with tart cherry mostarda, pickled mustard seeds and crostini., Embracing Thanksgiving at Tavolo with our pasta tour tonight! All three courses for $30! 
First course is pork and roast apple with sage-apple stuffing and bravo radish. Second course (pictured) is roast turkey roulade with sweet potato raviolis, golden raisins, chestnuts and mushrooms. And third course is pumpkin pie gelato with cranberries and shaved chocolate! 

Come start Thanksgiving early with us!!!, It's cicchetti night at Tavolo! Small plates every Monday and Tuesday for just $2-$4. Come in and try something new!, Two of our cicchettis (small plates) tonight! The first is frutti di mare with herb-oil poached shrimp, grilled octopus, sautéed radicchio and bagna cauda. And secondly, for dessert, is a cannoli with orange marscapone and chocolate shavings! Yum!!, Join us at Tavolo for Sunday supper!! 3 courses for $25!

Our courses tonight are: 
Grilled octopus with radicchio trevisiano, smoked provolone and crispy shallot
Linguini & clams with prosciutto, garlic butter, wine, tarragon and parmesan
and for dessert...
Cinnamon panna cotta with apple compote, roasted hazelnuts, null, Looking for some delicious Italian comfort food on this rainy night? Join us for a culinary tour of Marche.. Come in and try these three courses for just $30! 

-Chick Pea Soup with grilled prawns, lemon, prosciutto and juniper oil 
-Roast Pork Loin with butternut raviolis, red mustard greens, spicy pepitas and olives 
-Coffee Cream Flan with shaved dark chocolate and toasted almonds, The main course of our pasta tour tonight! House made butternut raviolis with smoked apple, pork sausage and Gorgonzola. Come in and see the rest of the meal. Three courses for just $30!, Freshly cut bavette... Pasta made in-house served here every night at Tavolo!, Cicchettis every Monday and Tuesday night at Tavolo! Small plates for just $3 or $4.. Come in and try a taste of something new! 

From the top left and going clockwise:
- Ceviche with Faroe island salmon, citrus, chilis & wheat cracker
- 'The Forager' seared-local oyster mushroom, porcini-truffle butter, pickled shimeji & chanterelle 
- Sausage Crepinette with autumn spices, apple, fig mustard & rye crumbs 
- Pork Roast with fennel pollen, Aleppo pepper, champagne viniagrette & olio verde

Yum!, Come visit us tonight for our weekly culinary tour of an Italian region! Tonight it's Alto Adige. Three courses for $30!!! 

Tonight's courses: 
Speck Crostini with autumn mushrooms, mascarpone and sage 
Braised Pork Butt with herb spaetzle, hakurei turnip and lemon 
Apple Crostada with toasted almonds and cider glaze, Sunday Supper every week.. Three courses for $25!!

Tonight it's 'An Ode to Olive Oil'

Olive Oil Poached Shrimp with arugula salad and lemon

Smoked Sausage & Pappardelle with delicata squash, spiced crumbs, pecorino and olio verde  

Olive Oil Cake with yogurt-lemon curd and candied pistachios, It's Wednesday which means tour night at Tavolo! For $30 we'll serve you 3 courses that will take you on a culinary tour of Po Basin..

Tonight's courses:
Stuffed local clam with fennel, prosciutto, sage and caper butter
Lemon veal raviolis with san marzanos, olives, oyster mushrooms and pecorino
Coconut sorbet wih spiced cranberries, It's cicchetti night! Small plates for just $3 

Starting at the top and going clockwise...

Grilled Octopus with tomato-rosemary compote, prosciutto-cheese broth and lemon
Ceviche with Faroe island salmon, ginger, chilis, focaccia crisp and cilantro salt 
Best of the Wurst with grilled brat, jalapeño jam, rue crumbs, and beef jus 
Spice Roasted Delicata Squash with fig goat cheese, crispy speck, Saba and spicy pepitas, One of our features tonight, pork schnitzel with roasted mushroom, herb spaetzle, porcini-caper butter, lemon, and parmesan. Perfect comfort food on this rainy night!, Join us tonight for a culinary tour of Sardinia, Italy.. 3 courses for just $30! 

Tonight's menu: 

Tomato Mozzarella Salad with white anchovy, basil, saba & torn croutons

Braised Veal Breast Saltimbocca with roasted cipollini, gala apple slaw & red lentils

and

Lemon Sorbet with candied lemon peel & salted pistachios, Our specials tonight include gnudi! Served with blistered cherry tomatoes, fennel, basil, fried figs, crispy prosciutto, and pecorino Romano. Come in and try it!, Every Wednesday night we take you on a culinary tour of a region in Italy. Tonight it's Piedmont. Three courses for $30!

Oxtail Terrine with fresh figs with honey, rosemary oil, and grilled bread

Grilled Flat Iron with truffle semolina polenta, baby carrots, and salsa verde

Almond Gelato with asian pear compote (and it's to die for), In the mood for some CHEAP EATS?
Come in for our fantastic small plates! $3-$6 (All Night)

Oxtail Osso Buco with pancetta & vegetables
BBQ Pork Belly with white bean & fennel
Grilled Octopus with cocktail sauce & tobiko
Gnuddi with tomato coulis & parmesan sauce
Oxtail terrine with berry mostarda & rosemary oil, Join us tomorrow night for a culinary tour of Sicily!

3 courses for just $30:

Lamb Liver Mousse
-blueberry-apple jam, pickled swiss chard, grilled bread

Seared Local Halibut
-buttered pappardelle, caponata, basil oil

Crema di Ciocclate 
-orange-apricot, Looking to try something new? Come in and try our cicchettis on Monday and Tuesday nights! Small plates for just $3 or $4.

Tonight's cicchettis are Ceviche, Lamb 3-Ways & Charred Octopus!, How good does Mint Panna Cotta with Ginger- Blueberry Compote & Candied Hazelnuts sound!?  Debuting tonight!, Looking for a fun place to work?  We are hiring servers and line cooks!  Email resumes to eat@tavolopizza.com, This evenings Pasta Tour entree feature: Grilled Chicken Statler over a spring turnip ragu, chickpeas, & broccoli rabe. Come join us for dinner tonight!, Another beautiful spring salad on special tonight!  Coming with watermelon radish, pickled beets, sorrel, goat cheese, arugula and slivered almonds, Courses 2 & 3 of our Tour of Modena tonight!  3 Courses for $30, What's better on a cold winter day than house-made charcuterie?  Join us tonight for our house charcuterie platter or one of our other delicious features:

Charcuterie Plate |15
spicy pork rillette, country paté, chicken liver mousse, accoutrements

Seared Braised Pork Belly |14
semolina polenta, pickled onions

Braised Rabbit |23
sautéed pea sprouts, shiitakes, shishitos, ricotta-herb agnolotti

Myer Lemon Semifreddo |8
drunken cherries, toasted cashews, short bread cookie

We'll see you soon!, null, Beet pasta on the menu tonight!  Come see us!, Join us tonight for tonight's Pasta Tour of Emilia- Romagna, third course pictured here:  Honey Torrone with cherries, cherry cream, almonds and dark chocolate, Spots are filling up quickly for Valentine's Day!  Email us at eat@tavolopizza.com to reserve your table today., Come see us tonight before we get hit with more snow!!, We are very excited to be partnering up with The Fruit Center Marketplace in Milton for a wine dinner on Tuesday, March 3rd!  Mark your calendars and stay tuned for details!, Happy Wednesday!  Tonight's Pasta Tour is of Toscana.  See the menu below!  

3 Courses for $30
Chicken Liver Mousse
fig- rosemary jam, toasted pine nuts, crostini
~
Pecorino- Ricotta Tortellini
oxtail ragu, fried kale
~
 Lemon Olive Oil Cake
mascarpone granita, pistachio brittle

Make your reservations online through our website www.tavolopizza.com .  We'll see you tonight!, We will be open tonight and featuring a Super Bowl victory cocktail!  Stay tuned for ingredients!  Come celebrate with us and $1 ciccheti.  We'll see you at 4 🏈❄️🏆🍕🍴, Happy Super Bowl Sunday! We will be closed today for the big game, and re-opening at our normal time on Monday.  No plans yet tonight?  Join us up the street at our sister restaurant Ashmont Grill to cheer on the Pats!!!, Visit www.smams.org to purchase tickets to our annual Oscar's party with St. Mark's Area Main Street!, It's a lot warmer on this side of the door!  Come see us!, The main and dessert courses of tonight's pasta tour of Sicily, We are open!!!!  Come in for a pie and some vino! #whatsnow #tavolo #cantstopwontstop, #repost of our favorite comment card to date!  Thanks to all of our wonderful patrons for making what we do such a pleasure!, Did you know we added some new cocktails to our menu?  

Winter Spritz  | 11
solerno, st. germain, pomegranate, cranberry, prosecco

Oaxaca Old Fashioned  | 11
ancho reyes, tequila, cherry, fresh orange, bitters 

The Captain's Cider  | 11
Captain Morgan, Downeast cider, fresh cinnamon

The Godiva Night Cap  | 12
Godiva chocolate liqueur, Jameson, vanilla vodka, Baileys

Join us for a cocktail tonight!, #bruschetta, Join us tonight for steak tartare #beef #yum #yesplease, Join us tonight for pig pizza!, Cure your rainy Monday blues with one of our treats tonight!

$1 Ciccheti:

Ravioli
prosciutto & ricotta filled, parmesan cream

Duck Liver Paté
pear mostarda, toasted pistachios

Braised Pork Belly
pickled onions, blackberries, radish sprouts

Feature:

Porchetta | 23
house-smoked pork belly, creamy polenta, wild mushrooms, 
sautéed mustard greens

We'll see you soon!, Happy Wednesday!  Join us for our tour of the Alto Adige tonight!

3 Courses for $30 

Insalata di Fagioli
figs, kale, crispy speck

Braised Beef 
mascarpone polenta, sage brown butter pearl onions, 
truffled sprouts

Vanilla Juniper Panna Cotta
toasted hazelnuts, salted caramel

We'll see you at 4pm!, Tis the season for a party! #tavolo #catering #holidays, Ready to start the first of many Holiday Cooking Classes at Tavolo this morning!, First course of the pasta tour tonight:  Salmon and Bay Scallop Crudo with Olive Oil Powder, Blood Orange and Turnip Relish, Tonight's pasta tour menu features the Alto Adige region and apples!  See the menu and tonight's featured dessert below.  There's still some room left for reservations, call and make yours  soon!

“Alto Adige”
3 Courses | $30

Pumpkin Soup
crispy speck, herb oil
2013 Pinot Bianco, Villa Locatelli, Friuli

Roast Pork Loin 
beer-braised cabbage, grilled apple, whole wheat pasta
2010 Cannonau Di Sardegna, Argiolas, Italy

Brookdale Farm Apple Fritters 
dusted with cardamom, cinnamon and sugar
Tuaca Liqueur, Livorno, Italy, Don't forget to join us for $1 treats tonight!, Tonight's Pasta Tour is of Lazio, Rome
3 Courses for $30 

Artichoke Salad
Shaved Matsutake Mushroom, Pine Nuts, Mint, Frisee, 
Slow Braised Cherry Tomato

Glazed Duck Breast
Semolina Gnocchi, Grilled Radicchio, Concord Grape Plum Sauce
  
Marjolaine
Multi-Layered Cake Served with Gelato, Join us tonight for Braised Goat with Delicata squash, socca fries, saffron peppers, purslane, radish sprouts and a little pecorino on top! #yum #dinnerisserved, It's time for Sunday Supper!  

Tonight's menu:

3 courses for $25 & $12 for 12 and under

Duck Sausage & Barley Soup $9
Braising greens, tomato, fried capers, parmesan

Smoked Bass & Cod Ravioli $21
Squid ink pasta, clams, charred tomato sauce, ginger

Bread Pudding $8
Salted caramel, vanilla, cinnamon, gelato

See you soon!, Kick your weekend off with some exciting new menu items!  House-made Burrata, Ward's Farm Corn Chowder with Maine crab & lobster oil, Langwater Farm Kabocha Squash  Soup, Duck & Pork Sausage Pizza, Cousins River Oysters  ... & more! #keepingitlocal #falliscoming #tavolo, Bummed you missed pasta tour last night?  Craving a sweet treat? Don't worry!  Chef Nuno is featuring last night's Puglia-themed dessert again tonight!  Fig pound cake with orange blossom yogurt, mint and hazelnuts.  #yum  #yesplease, Does this weather have you down?  Come see us for some comfort food and a glass of wine (or two)!, What a beautiful day for a farmers market!  Don't forget to join us at 4:00 p.m. at the Ashmont MBTA Station Plaza for the Ashmont Peabody Square Farmers' Market 🐖🐓🌻☀️, Tonight's features:
Grilled Corn
Pecorino cheese, Parmesan, garlicky herb Butter | 5
Summer Melon Salad **
San Daniele prosciutto, pea tips, 
basil, spiced nuts, saba dressing | 9
Porchetta
cannellini beans, bacon lardoons, sofrito, 
arugula, spicy pepper relish | 21
Pan Roasted Bluefish
heiloom tomato, eggplant caponatta, grilled corn, radish sprouts, caper salsa verde | 21
Pan Roasted Striped Bass
farro salad,, eggplant caviar, 
slow braised cherry tomato, 
kale, spicy corn salsa | 25, That just happened.. Uni-anchovy pasta for tonights Campania pasta tour!!, Join our Tavolo team ! We're hiring a sous chef and line cook. Apply here: http://bit.ly/TavoloSous #bostonjobs, Tonight's features
Grilled Corn 
pecorino cheese, parmesan, garlicky herb butter | 5 
Summer Melon Salad **
San Daniele prosciutto, pea tips, 
basil, spiced nuts, saba dressing | 9
Salt Cod Ravioli
squid ink pasta, clams, charred tomato sauce, 
ginger, fennel, lemon zest, potato,
 lobster oil, pea tips | 21
Orecchiette Fra Diavolo
Nuno’s spicy sausage, local spicy peppers, kale, 
chili flakes, pecorino | 19, WEDNESDAY PASTA TOUR
“Veneto”
3 Courses | $30
Beet Gnocchi ** 
goat cheese, roasted beets, mint, pistachio
2012 Chardonnay, Silver Palm, California
Potato Gnocchi
chanterelle, black trumpet, milk caps, 
Madeira cream sauce, parmesan 
2011  Valpolicella, Sartori, Veneto  
Chocolate Gnocchi
 mint mascarpone, strawberries
2012 Rose, Villa Sandi, Italy, Tonight's features:
Crab Cakes
citrus slaw, spicy aioli, arugula | 10

Lobster Salad
cucumber noodles, sungold tomato, pea tips,
 radish sprouts, green goddess dressing | 13

Join us tonight for SUNDAY SUPPER
$25 for 3 Courses | $12 for children under 12

Summer Melon Salad **
San Daniele prosciutto, pea tips, 
basil, spiced nuts, saba dressing 

Seared Monkfish 
orecchiette pasta, mussels, fennel, 
heirloom tomato, Hungarian hot wax peppers
saffron-brandy lobster sauce 

Vanilla Bean Panna Cotta  
drunken grilled pineapple,, Tonight's features:
Grilled Corn 
pecorino cheese, parmesan, garlicky herb butter | 5 
Summer Melon Salad **
San Daniele prosciutto, pea tips, 
basil, spiced nuts, saba dressing | 9
Crab Cakes
citrus slaw, spicy aioli, arugula | 10
Lobster Salad
cucumber noodles, sungold tomato, pea tips,
 radish sprouts, green goddess dressing | 13
Vegetable Ravioli
 tomato sauce, ginger, fennel, pea tips, lemon zest, ricotta, braising greens | 19
Seared Monkish 
 orecchiette pasta, mussels, fennel, 
heirloom tomato, Hungarian hot wax peppers
saffron-brandy lobster sauce | 21, Tonight's Features:
Grilled Corn 
pecorino cheese, parmesan, garlicky herb butter | 5 
Seafood Chowder
salmon, bass, clam, leek potato, celery 
lobster oil, radish sprouts | 10
Crab Cakes
citrus slaw, spicy aioli, arugula | 10
Vegetable Ravioli
 tomato sauce, ginger, fennel, pea tips, lemon zest, ricotta, braising greens | 19
Langwater Eggplant Parmesan
marinara, mozzarella, provolone, 
herb bread crumbs | 18
 Grilled Porchetta 
 spicy fennel sausage, local chanterelle, 
milk caps, black trumpet mushrooms, 
radish sprout, herb pesto | 21, WEDNESDAY PASTA TOUR
“Liguria”
3 Courses | $30
Corzetti Pasta 
 kale, ricotta, lemon zest, olives
charred green tomato sauce, pea tips
2012 Chardonnay, Silver Palm, California
 Porchetta 
 spicy fennel sausage, local chanterelle, milk caps, black trumpet mushrooms,  radish sprout, herb pesto 
2011 Zinfandel, Peachy Canyon, California
Lemon Basil Cookies
 choice of gelato
 Lemoncello, Pellegrino, Italy, WEDNESDAY PASTA TOUR
“Sicily”
3 Courses | $30

Eggplant Involtini 
heirloom tomato, mozzarella, eggplant caviar, zucchini relish, mint, radish sprouts 
2012 Grillo, Stemmari, Sicily

Grilled Swordfish 
fregola pasta, caponata, raisin, 
evoo slow braised tomato, pea tips
2011 Zinfandel, Peachy Canyon, California

Blueberry Cake 
 lavender, honey crème fraîche, mint
2010 Prosecco, Ruffino, Italy, Sicily’s cuisine is sizzlin’ these days, and so are its wines. Come taste what this Italian island offers on our Pasta Tour menu tonight., Chef Nuno judges the 30th Annual MA Tomato Contest on August 18. Be on Blackstone St. 11-2 that day. Sample the best the state has to offer., Not everyone disappears to the Cape on Friday nites. Shrimp Scampi is the perfect dinner treat for stay-cation folks like you and us. $20, Get yer red, round, ripe local tomatoes right here, folks. In salad. On pizza. Made into sauce for our famous meatballs. Aaah, it’s July., It’s finally here: Grilled and Chilled Fresh Corn Soup made with love and care in the Tavolo kitchen, $8 per yummy bowl., Heirloom tomatoes now coming in from The Food Project in Roxbury, along with kale, herbs, squash, collards and more., What’s a Red Liner?  Someone smart enough to get off @ Ashmont Station & drink @ Tavolo. Newest cocktail: gin/aperol/Canton ginger/Limonatta, P is for peppers, pecorino, pesto, provolone, porcinis, polenta, prosciutto, preserved lemon, pignoli, potato gnocchi and pig ear terrine., C is for chard, cavatappi, cured olives, capers, celery root puree, Chianti, Corona, Campari, creminis, clams, cauliflower and Caesar., Chittara Carbonara: pasta shaped like guitar strings tossed w/ pancetta, cracked peppercorns and a farm egg. To die for at only $19., WEDNESDAY PASTA TOUR
“Piedmont”
3 Courses | $30 

Grilled Asparagus Salad
poached farm egg, truffle vinaigrette, pecorino
2013 Verdicchio, Castelplanio, Marches

Red Wine Butcher’s Sirloin
lemon risotto, squash gratin, pea tips
2011 Michele Chiarlo, Barbera D’ Asti, Piedmont

Peach & Blueberry Cobbler
whipped mascarpone, mint
2010 Prosecco, Ruffino, Italy, Piedmont Pasta Tour tonite. This is a region that knows its food, folks, so expect wonderfulness. Baccala Festival’s on for next Wednesday., Piedmont Pasta Tour tonite. This is a region that knows its food, folks, so expect wonderfulness. Baccala Festival’s on for next Wednesday., CONGRATULATIONS TO TAVOLO FOR BEING NAMED "BEST RESTAURANT IN DORCHESTER" BY THE (ASTUTE) EDITORS OF THE IMPROPER BOSTONIAN.  READ ABOUT IT IN THE CURRENT ISSUE., It’s Bastille Day, but unless you’re French, there’s no reason not to eat Italian. Fried Soft Shell Crab w/ Cucumber Noodles and caper aioli?, Try and guess what our #1 selling pizza is: pear-gorgonzola w/ sage & honey, Nuno’s spicy sausage & ricotta, or mushroom-taleggio-rosemary., Nuno’s playing around with an all-vegetable lasagna, topped with fried squash blossoms. Sound good? Try some and tell us what you think., Tavolo shops @ Dorchester Farmers Market (today 3-6). So should you. Fresh produce &more @ great prices. Meet your neighbor over zucchini., In Lombardy, they love to cook with hot peppers, and we do too. Great $30 menu tonight and cold beer to accompany these regional dishes., Thank you Improper Bostonian Magazine for naming us one of #bostonsbest! Congrats to our team, and all the rest of the winners!, And, we’re back. Proudly serving what the Roxbury Food Project’s grown: pea tips, radish sprouts, chard, garlic scapes, squash blossoms., Bye-bye for now. Tavolo will be closed July 4 thru July 7 so that we too can enjoy one really long summer weekend of leisure. A-a-a-a-h., Aqua pazzo = crazy water. Chef Nuno’s put local fluke, littlenecks & house-made chorizo into a Portuguese Italian stew you’ll flip over., Summer Sunday. Slow & easy. Come down in your shorts & sandals. Taste our new pizza: house-smoked ham w/ local farmers cheese, radicchio., Friday Farmer’s Market @ Ashmont Station 3-6PM today. Buy your veggies, then stop by Tavolo for ideas on how to cook ‘em from Chef Nuno., Spicy Lamb Chops from North Star Farm tonight for our $30 Pasta Tour menu based on recipes from Basilicata, Italy. Reserve or walk-in., Charcuterie Plate
pig ear terrine, pork liver terrine, head cheese, pickle, mustard, bread | 14

Mushroom Ravioli 
swiss chard, fennel, porcini cream, 
trevisano, radish sprout, pine nuts | 20

Red Pepper Ravioli
spicy smoked pork, green ricotta, grilled onion, mustard cream | 20, Tuscany’s Pignoli Festival is a lusty annual affair using native nuts every way possible. That festival arrives @ Tavolo tonite. $30., If it’s Tuesday, musicians Ryan & Natasha must be on their way to Tavolo. Lively tunes to complement your tagliatelle begin at around 7 PM., Since Tavolo opened we’ve served these tasty, oversized meatballs in panini, on pizza & pasta, and as a side. It’s Sunday; indulge yourself., If you can’t be on the Vineyard this weekend, do the next best thing; come to Dorchester. Tavolo always has fresh Atlantic fish on the menu., WEDNESDAY PASTA TOUR
“Campania”
3 Courses | $30

Heirloom Tomato Salad
fiore di nonno burrata cheese, herb pesto, pine nuts

Nettle-Ramp Chitarra Pasta
grilled rabbit loin, rabbit pancetta, trevisano

Lemon Tart Bar
strawberries, mint, It’s summertime and there’s music in the air @ Tavolo with live (local) performers here every Sunday evening, and a Sunday prix fixe @ $25, Learn to make a classic Bolognese sauce your friends will envy. Nuno conducts weekend classes in our kitchen or yours. Call us for details, Fiddleheads. Fun to say & eat and a source of antioxidants, fiber and omega-3, so get ‘em now cause they’re almost gone for the season., Tavolo is closed tonight, Friday 6/6/14, for a private event. We apologize for the inconvenience and we look forward to welcoming you on Saturday!, Red pepper ravioli w/ house-smoked pork shoulder & grilled spring onions = Sausage, Peppers & Onions, Tavolo style. Swims in mustard crème., It’s Wednesday; time for a culinary tour of Trentino, Italy in 3 courses for $30. Come on in for this weekly pasta exploration. From 5:30PM, In nose to tail tradition, Chef Nuno’s taken a farm pig & made good food from every inch: pork liver pate’, ham steaks, smoked shoulder., Happy Dorchester Day Parade!!, Give your grad the gift of feeding himself; Nuno’s got some dates open for our cool Saturday cooking classes. You pick the topic. Call 617-822-1918., OMG, vegetable lasagna with asparagus, slow-roasted tomatoes and fava puree nestled in tasty ramp & nettle pasta sheets., TAVOLO!!!!! TAVOLO!!!!!! TAVOLO !!!!!

AMAZING food at GREAT prices !!!!! 

COME CHECK OUT OUR SPECIALS OF THE DAY -- 
Soft Shell Crab / $16, 
Roasted Red Pepper Ravioli / $20 
Seared Scallops / $24  

and our main menu is AMAZING as well !!!!!!, Tavolo proudly supports The Food Project in Roxbury; urban kids growing super veggies in the city, like this stunningly fresh arugula., WEDNESDAY PASTA TOUR
“Friuli”
3 Courses | $30

San Daniele Prosciutto
montasio, potato cake, pea tips, aged balsamic
2013 Chenin Blanc, Loire Valley, France

Roasted Red Pepper Ravioli
spicy smoked pork shoulder, greens, ricotta,grilled onions, mustard cream sauce
2012 Montepulciano D’Abruzzo, Zonin, Abruzzo

Apricot Upside Down Cake
whipped cream, mint
2010 Prosecco, Ruffino, Italy

Soft-Shell Crab
chickpea salad, pea tips, pepper paste, avocado, green goddess dressing | 16

Charcuterie Plate
head cheese, pork liver terrine, cornichons, mustard, grilled bread | 14, Fabulous Friuli is featured tonite, with frico. What’s frico? Fried cheese. Now, we have your attention, eh?  Pasta Tour is $30 every Wed., Tavolo is closed today to observe Memorial Day. Join us tomorrow for live music in the bar with musical fiancées Ryan & Natasha., S is for spring onions, spring parsnips, spring spinach, sweet peas, salad greens and sprouts (radish). All on the Tavolo menu tonite., Yay. Long Weekend. If you’re in town, come see what Nuno’s made with his massive 180 lb. local pig: ham, smoked pork shoulder, pate’& more., Spring veggies are here. In soups, salads, sauces, pastas. Try Nuno’s astounding pasta w/ ramps & nettles kneaded right into the dough., Spring Veggie Class @ Fruit Center, Don’t just live in Dorchester, thrive here. Tavolo's @ Carney Hospital’s Health & Nutrition Fair next Saturday, 10 to 2. Live & eat better., Graduation season’s upon us. If you have a happy crowd to feed, but want to avoid fancy, bring ‘em here & let us dazzle ‘em. 617-822-1918., A beautiful antipasti table for #RC2014Showcase with Root Cause., Pasta Tour travels to The Marches tonite - see our web site for full menu details, available this afternoon. www.tavolopizza.com, Folks are asking, so here’s the answer: Tavolo will be closed on Mother’s Day, so that our staff can properly honor their moms., For the Love of Gnocchi: 10 Places to Get Your Fill http://boston.eater.com/tags/tavolo-ristorante, The Marches, one of Italy’s lesser-known regions, offers unique cuisine. This Wednesday, sample 3 authentic courses here @ Tavolo for $30., Tempting tunes @ Tavolo from John Kordalewski tonight over dinner. Also tempting: fresh trout with horseradish crema on special., Any minute now, Nuno’s nettle pesto will find its way onto the dinner menu. Also spring parsnips, fiddleheads, asparagus salad with egg., Still time. Purchase tix for the annual Taste of the Nation benefit to end hunger. Piles to eat/drink under one roof. shareourstrength.org., We tour Calabria tonite, but next Wednesday, Gina from Horizon Beverage will pour some great Veneto wines to match our 3-course Veneto menu., Try Nuno’s vegetable gnocchi & more @ Taste of Dorchester, held at the IBEW Hall tomorrow night. Come hungry., Easter bunny came and went. The Greatest Race was run. Feelin’ let down today? Chase away your mood with a nite on the town and a pizza., We're cheering for the entire, and tireless, MR8 running team. After the finish line, come join us if you're hungry/thirsty., CONGRATULATIONS RUNNERS!
Flash your 2014 medal at Tavolo tonight for complimentary celebratory treats from the kitchen! #WeRunTogether, Learn to make pasta like a pro @ our Saturday cooking classes. Great gift idea for 6 or more people: showers, bachelorettes, graduations., Let live music soothe the pain of Tax Day. Ryan & Natasha are always cover charge-free, and will croon your blues away from 7 PM on., Nuno’s lamb class @ Fruit Center/Milton is sold out, but you can try his current grilled lamb and farrotto dish on the menu almost any nite., Spring mint grows early, profusely and fast, right @ our back door. Nuno’s shredding and tossing it into dishes featuring lamb this month., Come and get it. Nuno’s much-requested squid ink linguini with clams has earned a place on our regular menu. Try it. You’ll like it., http://bdcwire.com/friends-of-bostons-homeless-host-27th-annual-beyond-shelter-gala/, Tour Campania w/ your tummy tonite; popular dishes from this region are meatballs/pizza/mozzarella/tomatoes/tubular pasta/boar & seafood., Like our sister restaurant, Ashmont Grill, Tavolo has space for private parties of all types, so think of us as your personal urban club., Tonight's Features:
Watercress Soup
 artichoke cream, potato, micro greens| 9

Grilled Yellow fin Tuna
qunioa salad, cucumber, tomato, citrus beets, avocado, 
grilled ramps | 24*

Grilled Lamb Leg
fregola pasta, favas, asparagus, spring onion, 
mint, lamb sauce, micro greens | 24*

Red Wine Braised Short Rib
creamy white polenta, roasted root vegetables, 
glazed baby carrots, gremolata | 25, No April Fool’s joke: tomorrow Tavolo hosts its annual Roman Artichoke Festival. If you love ‘em, but hate to cook ‘em, come eat ‘em here., Serving up chili at the Dorchester Chili Cook-Off to benefit the Dorchester Parade!, Set your DVR to capture Chef Nuno Alves on WBIN-TV tomorrow at 3 PM; his 1st appearance on “The Chefs Plate” is worth watching., Blood orange season’s almost over, but it lives on in a sparkling Italian soda we carry @ the bar; ask for it on the rocks or in a cocktail., What fabulous Ligurian recipes will Nuno cook tonight? Find out @ our popular weekly Pasta Tour. Just $30 for 3 courses, served all evening., Tonight's Feature :
WEDNESDAY PASTA TOUR
“Liguria”
3 Courses | $30

Artichoke Salad
pecorino flan, asparagus, olive pesto, focaccia crisp

Seared Trout
trenette pasta, green beans, potato, herb pesto

Rhubarb Crostata 
strawberry, whipped mascarpone, Also, longtime menu special – squid ink linguini w/ littleneck clams & roasted tomato sauce – will be added to the regular menu this week., "Grains, Beautiful Grains" was the topic of a cooking class taught on March 10 at Fruit Center Marketplace by Chef Nuno Alves of TAVOLO ristorante in Dorchester's Peabody Square.  More than a dozen attendees gathered in the supermarket's prep kitchen to learn the secrets to eating healthfully and economically using up-and-coming grains like farro and quinoa., Ooooh boy, new menu items that whisper spring: farroto with asparagus, fava beans, mint leaf and sliced rare American lamb., Join us tonight for Sunday Supper:

$25 for 3 Courses | $12 for children under 12

Seafood Chowder
clams, salmon, potato, cream, paprika oil  

Bone in Pork Chop
creamy white polenta, carrots, parsnips, spicy radish relish

Salted Caramel Bread Pudding*  |
currants, mango, apricots ginger, raisins, gelato, Tonight's Features:
Pecorino Flan
asparagus, fava, peas, radish watercress salad focaccia crisp, pepato pecorino cheese,
 nettle pesto | 10

Potato Gnocchi
yellow foot, porcini, hedgehog mushrooms, parmesan cream, pinenuts, herb oil | 20

Salt Cod Ravioli
smoked scallop, clams, potato, garlic cream, 
charred tomato, fine herbs | 22

Seared Striped Bass
clams, potato, kale tomato crazy water, 
fine herbs | 24*

Grilled Lamb Leg
fregola pasta, favas, asparafgus, mint, 
lamb sauce, micro greens | 24*, Gave up meat for lent? Feel good about it with our Potato-Leek Soup, enriched with real cream and served w/ paprika oil and microgreens., Spring arrives today. Your taste buds can celebrate too, with house-smoked scallop & baccala raviolis from Chef Alves., Sardinian wine and food is making waves. Sample some tonite @ Pasta Tour. Our $30 three course prix fixe menu sure beats the $900 airfare., Get enough cabbage yesterday? No? Ours is stuffed with sausage & quinoa and topped with apple-onion relish (comes w/ the bone-in pork chop)., Talented nice guy Nels Schnobrich puts music to St. Pat’s Day in the lounge here tonite, wailing on acoustic guitar, violin and harmonica, Nuno “The Butcher” Alves pits his skills against The Fireplace, Red Lion Inn, Sarma, Public House & more @ this exciting event next month., On April 13, Lamb Jam 2014 rolls back into town. See Nuno cook the pants off 20+ chefs from 3 states in this meaty competition. More later., Watch this space for news on what Tavolo’s doing when St. Paddy’s Day rolls around next Monday., A poor, rural region in Italy’s “in-step,” Pasta Tour’s $30 Basilicata menu tonite leans towards peasant food wrested from rocky terrain., B is for Basilicata, one of Italy’s 20 distinct regions, which we’re visiting w/ a 3-course menu tonight, so stop in and make a discovery., Chris, Nuno and Anne served up Tavolo chili in Fritos bowls at today's #BostonChiliBowl to benefit #ALS!, Just two more days until the clocks spring forward again, folks. Can’t you smell spring?  Look for signs of it on our nightly specials., P is for panini, pesto, prosciutto, potatoes, pecorino, pear-gorgonzola pizza, pasta made by hand, piccata (chicken) and porcinis., Earthy and sensual cuisine is on the menu as Tavolo’s weekly Pasta Tour showcases the region of Umbria tonite, just $30. Full menu online., The amazing Ryan Beke ‘s on acoustic guitar, while Natasha Addessi croons her heart out. All for you tonite in the lounge from 7-10 PM, It's a full house for tonight's Oscars on the Avenue party!, Oscars on the Avenue!!, Tomorrow, Pasta Tour travels back to Emilia-Romagna, one of chef Nuno’s favorite regions. $30 for 3 courses of Italian authenticity., OK, it’s warmer now, but we’re right back to the polar vortex soon, so how does this big ole’ bowl o’ hot homemade pasta look to you?, To those of you (almost) shut out on the 14th, we urge you to think strongly about making ressies on weekends/holidays. 617-822-1918, Dorchester Winter farmers market !! Chef-Owner Chris Douglass!!, St. Mark’s Area Main Street presents Oscars on the Avenue – a neighborhood celebration of the Academy Awards at Tavolo Ristorante. Hope you can make it! http://events.r20.constantcontact.com/register/event?llr=xvep87n6&oeidk=a07e8w1ahy1a1e8213a&oseq=, Ryan and Natasha slogged thru the snow to get to The Dot today, just to entertain you. Make them happy and stop by for a listen, from 7 PM., The pressure’s off, so chillax w/ live music by Nels B., whose wide-ranging instrumental talents will wow you. Every Monday from 7 PM., We Are open and cranking out some great specials tonight.. We open at 4pm.., OK, seriously, it’s time to decide where to spend Valentine’s Day. We’re celebrating on the 14, 15 & 16 this year. Call us now. 617-822-1918, Procrastinators: You have 48 hours to make a reservation @ a place she’ll adore. Tavolo has great food, coziness, happy staff, easy location., Kick off a week of romance with Ryan & Natasha, performing tonight in the lounge. If they can’t make put you in the mood, no one can., Make Sunday supper @ Tavolo a family tradition, year-round. Raise your hand if you didn’t know we have live jazz here every Sunday evening., 7 days til VDay. Dreaming of romance w/ Heart-Beet Salad, Pink Raviolis, shareable Fettuccini w/ Clams, Red Velvet Cake & more on Feb. 14., Working on Specials for tonight!! Fried Whole scup with Roasted fingerling potatoes, Korean pepper paste Aioli, tempura lemon slices.. 
Seared Scallops with fennel & leek Puree, roasted cauliflower, Beet chips, flying fish roe.. See you tonight!!, Snow or no, you can walk or T to Tavolo for a 3-course taste of Piedmont, Italy tonite. Get outta the house, already., Ryan and Natasha serenading diners..., Tonight we have Ryan and Natasha performing live music, G is for garlic butter, braised winter greens, grilled salmon, gorgonzola & pear pizza, guanciale and gorgeous new bartenders., Miltonians, have you seen our ad in MyTownMatters yet ? Please, cross the border and join us early in the week for live music (and meatballs). Free parking., Ashmont Jazz joins us in the dining room at 5 PM for musical accompaniment to your 3-course $22 Sunday supper. More jazz tomorrow. And Tuesday., Tonite is made for a perfect cocktail. Nuno’s Last Word = Old Silver Holt Rye Whiskey, Chartreuse, grenadine and lemon. $11, http://www.zagat.com/b/boston/boston-3-courses-on-30?zagatbuzzid=jan14week3&utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=boston20140115#3, Winter in Italy’s northeast Friuli region is all abut polenta, grappa, fried cheese, stew. See tavolo.com for details on tonite’s $30 menu., Friulian menu tonite offers a taste of the “world’s most refined food culture,” says the NY Times, w/ Latin, Slavic & Germanic influences., Chef Nuno departs for a well-deserved vacation in Hawaii, but left some goodies behind in the kitchen.  Can you say White Truffle Gnocchi?, New, starting tonite & every Monday:our multi-talented server Nels Schnobrich entertains in the lounge with harmonica, guitar, vocals., For 2014, our family-style, 3-course Sunday Suppers will now cost $25, but you won’t pay for the toe-tapping live jazz that accompanies it., What is Val D’Aosta?  The valley below the highest mtns. in Italy. Tonite’s $30 menu mirrors what’s served in this dramatic ski region., You’re cold? It’s hot. Ryan and Natasha ignite the night with lively music in the lounge, this and every Tuesday from 7 PM., Sunday Supper Tonight includes:$25 for 3 Courses | $12 for children under 12
Goat Cheese Salad 
greens, beet puree, citrus dressing, dukkah, supremes | 8*

Game Ravioli
eggplant mushroom ragù, charred green tomatoes
parmesan cheese, | 17

Vanilla Panna Cotta
Spiced grilled pineapple| 8

Also tonight we are running a tastey pork strip loin with house bacon, crispy goose confit and white bean cassoulete, Frutti di mare pizza, grilled sardines, local fish baked w/ clams & chorizo, and more @ Feast of 7 Fishes. Order whole meal or a la carte., Snag a seat for the Feast of the 7 Fishes, tomorrow here @ Tavolo. This annual extravaganza of all things oceanic must be experienced., The countdown has begun. S is for Santa, salami, salmon, squid, spinach, squash, spicy sausage, scampi, sage and spaghetti., Dear Customer:  We will be closed on Xmas Eve and Xmas Day so that our devoted staff can enjoy the holiday.  All the best from us to you., Tavolo’s dry-aged sirloins, grilled w/ truffle oil & shaved parm = a taste sensation worthy of the season.  Only $25 with two sides., Piedmontese cuisine is world renowned, and Chef Nuno Alves has got it down, so do not miss tonite’s 3-course dinner @ Tavolo for $25., Lovebirds Ryan Beke & Natasha Addessi make beautiful music together & their friends often show up to join in. Check it out tonite from 7 PM., Don’t be a Grinch; Toys for Tots @ Tavolo tonite means free appetizers for you and Xmas gifts for needy kids, too., Relax with your family tonite over Sunday Supper @ Tavolo, where Mom & Dad eat for $22 and kids eat for $12., Feast of the 7 Fishes will be served on Monday, Dec. 23. Seafood pizza, fish grilled/roasted, squid ink pasta.  Ala carte or prix fixe., Gift Giving Procrastinators rejoice: Tavolo g.c.’s on sale next Monday only. $50 worth for $40 … $100 worth for $80 … $200 worth for $150., Wanna do something good this season? Come to Toys for Tots @ Tavolo Monday, 12/16. Your gift can bring a smile to a kid’s face on the 25th., Nothing says holiday spirit like a belly full of homemade pasta. Our Regional Pasta Tour visits Basilicata tonite; $25 for three courses., Warm up with red hot music by Ryan & Natasha tonite and every Tuesday nite from 7:00 PM in the Tavolo lounge. They’re grooooovy, man., WEDNESDAY PASTA TOUR
“Sardinia”
3 Courses | $25
Wine Pairings | $12 for three 2oz pours, $24 for three 4oz pours
Sardinia Antipasto
house-cured coppa, salami, goat cheese, carta musica, spiced nuts

Short Rib & Squash Ravioli
sheep milk ricotta, spinach,chunky tomato sauce, pecorino cheese

Pabassini Cookie
dried apricots, currants

Smoked Venison Sausage: spicy pepper relish. grilled bread, grainy mustard | 8*

Squid Ink Pasta: scallops, clams, shrimp, tomatoes, leeks, bread crumbs,
fine herbs | 20**

Seared Scallops: turnip puree, braised cabbage, citrus brown butter,
parsnip chips | 22*, The holidays are just beginning and we can already feel the stress. That’s why God invented beer. Shipyard Monkey Fist IPA on draft., Proud to support Babson College's Lemonade Day Boston!!, We’re closed Thanksgiving Day, but would love to see & feed you any other day this week. Unique Italian Thanksgiving menu coming on Wed., Bring in the family for Sunday Supper, our weekly rotation of rustic Italian home cooking for just $22 per person
(and only $10 for kids 10 and under!)

The Menu for November 24th 2013

Appetizer

Pumpkin Soup: crème fraiche, pomegranate arils, micro greens

Entree

Game Ravioli:
braised lamb, confit duck, foie gras, swiss chard, chanterelle, beech, hedgehog mushroom ragu

Dessert

Vanilla Bean Panna Cotta: with grilled pineapple

We have the heat on!!!, Brian, our longtime barman, admits that his favorite cocktail @ Tavolo is the Time Travel: Maker’s Mark w/ sparkling orange and elderflower., Welcome to Tavolo Steak, where our top grade sirloin’s aged in-house for 2½ weeks for optimum flavor. Best deal in The Dot (or Boston) @ $25, Calories be damned. Flour-less chocolate torta w/ berries, fig cheesecake & vanilla panna cotta with pineapple for dessert this week., Here’s Nuno chatting up Lori, a new neighbor, a first-timer to Tavolo, and a world-class laugher. Say hi if ya see her!, Zagat.com yesterday gave some Thanksgiving love to Tavolo's sumptuous Pumpkin-Pomegranate Soup; congrats., WEDNESDAY NIGHT PASTA TOUR

“Lombardy”
3 Courses | $25
Suggested Wine Pairings | $12 for three 2oz pours, $24 for three 4oz pours

1st Course

Cured Meat & Cheeses:
salami, tellagio, gorgonzola
2010- Pinot Bianco, Vulka,Sicilia

Main Course

Veal Cutlet:
saffron risotto, delicata squash, meyer lemon sauce, 
2010- Zinfandel, Peachy Canyon, Paso Robles, California

Dessert:

Polenta Cake
caramelized apples, whipped cream
2012- Lambrusco di Sorbara, Allegro, Emilia-Romagna

You know it sounds good!!!, M is for montasio, one of 3 cheeses featured in our superb $10 panini. From northeastern Italy, it goes great w/ fruity white wines., Nuno's food faves, as seen yesterday on Eater.com: squash, sausage, piri piri, beer pasta, beef stew & biscuits, fried dough, octopus, OMG, our Tuesday live jazz just got better with original music and vocals by the lovely Natasha; stop by for a listen tonite., F is for farro. Get hip to this nutty, chewy, healthy, wheat grain that’s everywhere now. Nuno likes it w/ roasted delicata squash., G is for guanciale, Italy’s answer to bacon. Big flavor, lite texture. Name means “pillow.” It’s actually cured pigs jowl; super on pasta., T is for taggiasca, red olives that top our Feta-Spinach Pizza. Grown on the Ligurian Riviera, they’re brined 5 months for salty punch., Tonight's Menu Additions are.....

Pan Roasted Brussels Sprouts: 
Zoe's Prosciutto, Bread Crumbs, Lemon Zest and Chili Flakes | 5
(In our opinion the best way to eat them!!)

Squash Ravioli:
Ricotta, Sage Cream Sauce, Pomegranate Seeds and 
Toasted Walnuts | 19

Pan Roasted Cod: 
 with Baby Clams, Roasted Fingerling Potatoes, Local Kale, 
and Seafood Broth| 21

Seared Bluefish: 
with Quinoa Salad, Slow Braised Tomatoes, Artichokes, Shaved Fennel, Carrots and Arugula | 21

Long Island Duck Breast: 
with Umbrian Lentils, Spicy Bok Choi,
 and Pear Chutney | 21

Plus our regular menu is always awesome!!

Come in and enjoy!!, Curious about cooking Italian food? Got 6 friends? Create your own Saturday afternoon class @ Tavolo as a fun holiday outing. 617-822-1918., After dinner tonite, do save room for our excellent Sweet Olive Oil Cake with citrus compote; it’s a revelation., For your day planner. Pasta regions toured for the next few Wednesdays: tonite= Liguria. 11/20=Lombardy. 12/4=Sardinia. 12/11=Basilicata., Tonight's Additions.......

Pan Roasted Brussels Sprouts: 
   with Zoe's Prosciutto, Bread Crumbs, Lemon Zest and Chili Flakes | 5**

Pumpkin Soup: 
   topped with Crème Fraiche, Pomegranate Arils and Micro Greens | 8

Seared Bluefish 
   with Quinoa Salad, Braised Tomatoes, Artichokes, Shaved Fennel  & Arugula | 21*

Grilled Bone-In Pork Chop:
   Borlotti Beans, Brussels Sprouts and Grilled Apple Relish | 20*

What Cold Weather!?!, Get it while it’s hot. Pumpkin soup. Way better than you could make @home, with the colorful pop of fresh pomegranate seeds. M-m-m-m-m-m., Let our in-house winestress, Melanie, treat you to a taste of Tuscany tonite at the bar. 3 serious pours, 3 small plates, all for $25., Hungry ? Try to squeeze in Sunday supper between football games. We’re cooking 3 courses for $22 today., Sunday Supper Tonight......and something new every Sunday!!
$22 for 3 Courses | $12 for children under 12

Pumpkin Soup:
crème fraiche, pomegranate arils, micro greens 

Seared Bluefish:
quinoa salad, slow braised tomatoes, artichokes, shaved fennel, arugula 

Sweet Olive Oil Cake: 
candied orange wheel, citrus compote

See you soon., This evening's Additions........

Pan Roasted Brussels Sprouts:
Zoe's Prosciutto, Bread Crumbs, Lemon Zest and Chili Flakes | 5

Fall Pumpkin Soup:
Crème Fraiche, Pomegranate Arils and Micro Greens | 8

.

Grilled Salmon:
with Faro Salad, Roasted Delicata Squash and Celery Root Puree | 20*

Grilled Bone-In Pork Chop:
with Borlotti Beans, Brussels Sprouts and Grilled Apple Relish | 20*

Red Wine Braised Short Rib:
with Crispy Polenta, Roasted Fall Root Vegetables and Sweet Autumn Braised Cabbage | 24

Long Island Duck Breast:
with Umbrian Lentils, Ginger Glazed Carrots and Bartlett Pear Chutney | 21*

Vineyard Bay Scallops:
with Macomber Turnip Puree, Shaved Baby Carrots, Crispy Parsnip Chips, Grilled Radicchio and Citrus Brown Butter | 23*

Seared Bluefish:
with Quinoa, Slow Braised Cherry Tomatoes, Grilled Artichokes atop a bed of Shaved Fennel/Arugula | 21*, Come in and it may be one of Chef's treats getting to your table first.

Always a fan of technique and bringing a new twist to traditional, Nuno often showcases this with "Treats" his way of broadening your palate. 

Spontaneous, free and often whimsical, our regulars know it'll always be great food!!, Our Cheap Flight to Italy flies to Tuscany on Monday nite. Join your neighbors for generous pours from this world-class wine region., Tavolo’s off-menu secrets are yours for the asking. Specials vary daily. Local blue marlin’s been available this week – seek this winner out., Nuno's Spicy Sausage with Piri Piri, Roasted Peppers, Fresh Herbs, Goose Island Beer "Matilda", Serving Nuno's Spicy Sausage at the Goose Island #Beer event tonight!, Pasta-making classes make a super holiday gift for 6 or more. Nuno invites you to come play with dough any Saturday afternoon, by appt., Regulars know that our $25 Pasta Tour nites often feature Pasta Plus. Or maybe no pasta at all. Savor the sensuous food of Sicily tonite., New Zagat guide rates us 24 (out of 30) for food and "a bit of European conviviality.", Tonight's Cheap Flight takes us to Vald' Aosto

First Glass:  
2012 Cortese, Castlevero 
First Bite: 
Steak Tartare w/Matsutake Mushrooms

Second Glass: 
2011 Barbera, Castlevero 
Second Bite: 
Red Wine Risotto w/Fig Caviar, Radicchio

Last Glass: 
2011 Moscato d' Asti 
Last Bite: 
Red Wine Poached Pear w/ Whipped Cream, Mint

$25 per person, available at the Bar only!!

See you for boarding at 4pm!!!!, Tavolo Ashmont
Tonight's Menu Additions are.......

Pumpkin Soup: 
crème fraiche, pomegranate seeds| 8

Seafood Antipasto:
bluefish pate, beet cured salmon,grilled octopus, cornichons, crostini| 16

Squash & Short Rib Ravioi:
Foraged Mushrooms, marsala wine, parmesan cream sauce| 20

Grilled Lamb Leg:
Umbrian lentils, baby bok choi, lamb sauce| 20

Pan Roasted Day Boat Cod:
mussels, potatoes, kale, charred green tomato, octopus broth| 22, Octopus and chickpea salad with shaved fennel, arugula, grilled spicy pepper relish, Happy Sunday All!!

Tonight's Sunday Supper is sure to please.......

First Course:
Trentino Beef Barley Soup

Main Course:
Pan Seared Scallops with Celery Root Puree, Braised Sweet Fall Cabbage, Pomegranate Arils, Citrus Brown Butter and topped with Parsnip Crisps 

Dessert:
Vanilla Bean Panna Cotta topped with Grilled Pineapple

All for $22 per person, how can you pass that up!?!, Pasta Tour Alto-Adige Menu with our recommendations for wine as well, aren't we nice.

Appetizer:
Shaved Speck and Sliced Apples w/ Sesame Seeds

Pair it:
 2012 Lechthaler Pinot Grigio, Trentino
"Clean w/ notes of grapefruit, lemon rind and stone fruit hints with a clean finish."

Main Course:
Trentino Beef Barley Stew
  
Pair it:
 2011 Lechthaler, Terodelgo Rotaliano
"Great body, decent legs, dark fruit and spicy tannins"

  
Dessert:
Fig Pastry Bundles w/ Fresh Apple Sauce
Pair it: 
 2011 Vallebelbo, Moscato d' Asti
"Sweet, and refined, with light effervescence and just enough acid to compliment even the lightest desserts"

See you tonight!!, null, Boarding @ 4pm today our Cheap Flight to Italy Region is "Alto-Adige" and our menu sounds delicious.

First Glass:
2012 Lechthaler Pinot Grigio, Trentino
"Clean w/ notes of grapefruit, lemon rind and stone fruit hints with a clean finish."

First Bite:
Speck and Apples w/sesame seeds

Second Glass:
2011 Lechthaler, Terodelgo Rotaliano
"Great body, decent legs, dark fruit and spicy tannins"

Second Bite:
Trentino Beef Barley Stew 

Last Glass:
2011 Vallebelbo, Moscato d' Asti
"Sweet, and refined, with light effervescence and just enough acid to compliment even the lightest desserts"
 
Last Bite:
Fig Pastry Bundles w/fresh apple sauce

Melanie will be waiting for you at the Bar!!, The weather was too pleasant to offer them earlier but now that we got some rain today it's perfect comfort food weather! 

Braised Short Ribs: with Creamy White Polenta, Roasted Early Fall Root Vegetables( Rutabaga, Parsnips, Celery Root) and a  Roasted Pepper and Artichoke Relish : 25

They won't last long we're sure, so get in early!!!, Let’s Talk About Food http://bostonchefs.com/news/2013/10/2/lets-talk-about-food/, Tonight's Pasta Tour Menu:

Appetizer:
Roman Style Egg w/ Grilled Artichoke Relish

Main:
 Squash stuffed Cappelletti (Pope's Hats) w/ Braised Beef 

Dessert:
 Traditional Ricotta Pudding w/Blood Orange and Lemongrass Sauce.

It's too nice out for you to cook, so let us!!, The view from our Party in a Box table tonight - part of ArtWeek Boston!, Kicking off the inaugural ArtWeek dinner at the Citi Performing Arts Center Wang Theatre!, null, Tonight's Cheap Flights to Italy will take us to Lazio-Rome for some delicious tastings.

First Glass:
2012 Regillo Frescati
Refreshing, clean finish
First Bite: 
Roman Style Egg w/ Grilled Artichoke Relish

Second Glass:
2009 Rubesco, Sangiovese Canaiola Colorino
Big Body and bold tannins
Second Bite:
Squash stuffed Cappelletti w/ Braised Beef.

Last Glass:
2010 Passito Di' Pantelleria
Decadent and sweet
Last Bite:
Traditional Ricotta Pudding w/Blood Orange and Lemongrass Sauce

Flights leave the bar beginning at 4pm today! Can't wait to see you!!!, Stop by for dinner tonight, we have a great menu from beginning to end ready to impress you!!

Start with a Cocktail:

SICILIAN COOLER  
Solerno, Campari, Lemon Juice, Soda Water
or
AGRO DOLCE  
Meyer Lemon Vodka, Pomegranate. Juice, Ginger Beer

Choose one of our starter options:

Lang Water Farms Salad:  tomato, cucumber, fennel, radish, radicchio, house-made white balsamic vinaigrette 
or
Cauliflower Soup: with crème fraiche and shaved black truffles

You want seafood, yeah we have seafood:

Grilled Salmon: farro olives salad, , cauliflower puree, roasted delicata squash, roasted tomatoes|  20*

Pan-Seared Cod: saffron tomato broth, farm fresh  potatoes, kale, ginger,  baby clams|  20*

Looking for some stick to the ribs comfort food:

North Star Farms Lamb:  fettuccine, broccoli rabe, peppers, olives and pecorino romano cheese  |  22

Grilled Pork Chop: mascarpone polenta, grilled savoy cabbage, house-made apple relish  |  21*

We also have a great "New" Pizza:

Brambly Farm’s Ham: with house smoked ham, fresh figs, radichio,  mascarpone, sage and blue cheese

You will be happy to take home some of
Tavolo’s Meatballs for a great late night snack or sandwich tomorrow!!

And finish the meal in style:

Maria's Mixed Fruit Bread Pudding w/Salted Caramel Sauce
Currants, Peaches, Apricots, Candied Ginger 
a scoop of Giovanna's Gelato

Now I'm hungry too.....see you later!!, Chef Nuno at the Boston Seafood Gala!, To continue, Zagat says Tavolo is a mid-priced gem with inspired cuisine and clever ingredients. Well said., This is the view from your Tavolo dinner table on Monday 9/30 at Party in a Box! Backstage tour, antipasti, chicken piccata, vegetarian lasagna, dessert duo AND live music for $40.13. Buy tix here: http://artweekboston.org/events/citi-performing-arts-center-party-in-a-box/, On our nightly dinner menu, if you see it printed in blue, it's probably new to you., Tavolo goes to the Theatre on Monday 9/30! Join us at the Wang Theatre for dinner with a stunning view: $40.13 for insider arts experience, wine, antipasti, dinner & dessert! Buy your ArtWeek Boston tix here: http://artweekboston.org/events/citi-performing-arts-center-party-in-a-box/, Tonight's Pasta Tour Menu..
APPETIZER
Salumi Plate
Mortadella, Prosciutto, Parmesan Reggianno 
Figs, Mustard, Cornichons, Crostini
2012  Regillo Frascati 

ENTREE
Bolognese Stuffed Tortellini
Chanterelle, Shitake Ouster Mushroom Sauce
 2011 Castello Cello Massari, Rigoleto Montecucco

DESSERT
Tiramisu-Affagato
Gelato, Lady Fingers, Espresso
2012 Lambrusco Di Sorbarra, Allegro, We return to romantic Emilia-Romagna tonite w/ an authentic $25 regional salute in 3 courses., OMG, what a party we had last nite. Thanks to the 'hood for coming out in force to fete our fifth b'day., Come Join us at the bar for Monday Night Cheap Flights to Italy.

3 Great Wines paired with 3 Delicious Bites only $25 per person.

Tonight's Itinerary is......

First Glass: 2012 Regillo Frascati 
First Bite: Small Bite Antipasti with Mortadella, Prosciutto and Parmesan Reggiano

Second Glass: 2011 Castello Colle Massari, Rigoleto Montecucco
Second Bite: Bolognese stuffed Tortellini with Fresh Tomato Sauce

Last Glass: 2012 Lambrusco Di Sorbara, Allegro
Last Bite: House- Made Lady Fingers

Flights leave at 4pm till 10pm, see you tonight!!!, Now we are happy to celebrate our Anniversary with a party , but fear not we still have Sunday Supper for the folks who join us every week.

Tonight's Sunday Supper Menu is.......

First Course:
Langwater Farm's Salad with tomato, cucumber, fennel, radish, radicchio and a delicious white balsamic vinaigrette

Entree:
Seared Bluefish served with white beans, greens, radish, shaved fennel and a fresh meyer lemon vinaigrette

Dessert:
Angel Food Cake with strawberry sauce and whipped cream

No more debate about what's for dinner tonight!!!, We open @ 4pm today to celebrate opening our doors 5 years ago. It's been an outstanding first 5 and we hope you'll join us for our party, they'll be Live Jazz, Free Appetizers and a great beer and wine selection. 

Come have some fun with us!!!!!, Friday is Fish Day......well this particular one is!!!

We have some of the freshest seafood we could get our hands on and Chef has been enjoying preparing these specials.

Seafood Chowder: with Crab, Salmon, Cod, Clams, Cream and Potatoes|  9

Crab & Cod Cake: with a fresh Cabbage, Radish and Celery Root Slaw and a lightly spicy Piri-Piri Aioli|  9

Black Squid Ink Ravioli: stuffed with Salt Cod, Crab, Clams,and a delicious Langwater Farms Charred Green Tomato Sauce with a Baby Clam garnish|  19

Grilled Salmon: served alonside Farro Salad (Farro,Olives, Fine Herbs) Cauliflower Puree, Braised Fennel, Roasted Tomatoes|  20*

Pan Seared Bluefish:with White Beans, Mixed Greens Salad (Radish, Shaved Fennel) dressed with House Made Meyer Lemon Vinaigrette|  20*

We also have great "Carnivore" options like our Sirloin or Thick Cut Pork Chop, so come down and have a great meal!!!, 5 Years passes so quickly.

We've seen some changes along the way, but continue to strive everyday to bring you our best. We hope you've enjoyed.

On Sunday September 22, we will be celebrating our 5 Year Anniversary and hope you can join us. We'll have live Jazz, free food, and some beverages. Come by and tell us how we've done. 

Here's to the next 5!!!, The diner has voted. Tavolo appears on Eater.com as one of the city's Most Under-rated Restaurants. Check it out and comment.
http://boston.eater.com/archives/2013/09/18/bostons-most-underrated-restaurants.php, It's now the season and the cool weather is begging for us to make something Pumpkin...............well now that you mention it.....

Maria just made a delicious Pumpkin Cake with a Sweet Brulee'd Meringue, if we don't eat em' all you've gotta come try it!!, This weeks flight plan is Puglia, departing all night at the bar.....

First Glass:
2010 Masserie Civitella, Oak Barrel Aged Negro Amaro
(Great body and earthy with rich dark fruit)
 
First Bite:
Romanesca Cauliflower Soup topped with Creme Fresh
  
 
Second Glass:
2010 Messapia Verdeca Bianco Salento IGT
(Crisp and clean finish, with citrus notes)
 
Second Bite:
Verdeca Steamed Mussels w/ Tomatoes and Citrus Breadcrumbs
 
  
  
Last Glass: 
 
2010 Falesco, Pomele
(Sweet but not overpowering, deliciously rich, cherry and plum accents)
Last Bite:
Ricotta Fritta with Mission Fig & Pomele Compote, null, Tonight the Patriots aren't playing and you don't want to cook, well come in for.....

SUNDAY SUPPER

$22 per person
$10 for children 10 and under

Appetizer:
Lang Water Farm Salad:  
tomato, cucumber, fennel, radish, radicchio, white balsamic 

Entree:
Grilled Lamb Top:
gigantes beans, fennel, red pepper puree, lamb sauce 

Dessert:
Mixed Fruit Bread Pudding w/Salted Caramel Sauce
Currants, Peaches, Apricots,
Candied Ginger
Scoop of Giovanna's Hazlenut Gelato, We're taking flight on Monday again........

Tavolo's Cheap Flights to Italy
 This week featuring Puglia:

3 Great Wines Paired with 3 Regional Tastings

 
First Glass:
2010 Masserie Civitella, Oak Barrel Aged Negro Amaro
(Great body and earthy with rich dark fruit)
 
First Bite:
Romanesca Cauliflower Soup topped with Creme Fresh & Toasted Walnuts
  
 
Second Glass:
2010 Messapia Verdeca Bianco Salento IGT
(Crisp and clean finish, with citrus notes)
 
Second Bite:
Verdeca Steamed Mussels w/ Tomatoes and Citrus Breadcrumbs
 
  
  
Last Glass: 
 
2010 Falesco, Pomele
(Sweet but not overpowering, deliciously rich, cherry and plum accents)
Last Bite:
Ricotta Fritta with Mission Fig & Pomele Compote, We have been ridiculously busy working on our Specials, so come on down and make the effort worth while....
Tonight we have.......

Romanesca Cauliflower Soup: Finished with Walnuts, Black Summer Truffles, Crème Fresh | 9 

Heirloom Tomato Salad (only a short time left in the season): Hand Sliced Mozzarella, Fresh Picked Basil, Herb Puree, Spiced Nuts |  9**

Chef’s Charcuterie Plate: House prepared Pork Liver Pate, Head Cheese and Coppa, Spicy Whole Grain Mustard, House Pickled Vegetables and Grilled Crostini |  16

North Star Farms Lamb: Served with Fettuccine, Broccoli Rabe, Peppers, Olives and Grated Pecorino  |  22

Baked Eggplant Parmesan: With a delicious San Marzano Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella and Fresh Basil |  18**

Grilled Norwegian Salmon: Served atop a Whole Grain Faro Salad with Olives and Oven Roasted Romanesca Cauliflower |  22

Cod Stuffed Cod: Salt Cod Stuffing wrapped with a Fresh Cod filet then wrapped in House Cured Bacon, with Potatoes, Baby Clams and a light tomato broth |  22*

Grilled Lamb Top: Served with Gigantes Beans, White Wine and Garlic Braised Fennel, Roasted Red Pepper Puree and our own House Lamb Sauce |  24*

Grilled Pork Chop: Creamy White Polenta with Marscapone Cheese, Braised Greens and a decadently sweet Grilled Ward's Farm Peach |  21*
 And For Dessert
Sweet Summer Peach Cobbler with Cinnamon Crumb Topping 
 and a Scoop of Giovanna's Vanilla Gelato  8

Mixed Fruit Bread Pudding w/Salted Caramel Sauce  
Currants, Peaches, Apricots, Candied Ginger 
and a Scoop of Giovanna's Vanilla Gelato 8

See you in a bit!!, Remember to join us Wednesday for Pasta Tour featuring Sardinia.

Appetizer: Artisan Bread and San MarzanoTomato Stuffed Squid

Entree: Slow Braised Lamb Shoulder w/Fettuccine, Saffron, Peppers, Pecorino Romano Cheese and Broccoli Rabe

Dessert: Traditional Sardinian Amaretus Almond Cookies

All for $25 per person..............see you Wednesday!!, Thank You to all that came to enjoy our first Cheap Flight last night, it was a success, and we"ll be posting next weeks offerings later this week., Tonight we premiere our Cheap Flights to Italy, starting with Sardinia. This is an amazing deal and a chance to taste something new!!

3 Great Wines & 3 Delicious Regional Tasting Plates, all for $25!!!!

Our first region will be Sardinia, featuring:

2011 Botromagno, Gravina Bianco paired with Artisan Bread and Tomato Stuffed Squid

2010 Costera, Cannonau di Sardegna paired with Braised Lamb w/Fettuccine and Sheep's Milk Ricotta

2011 Vallebelbo, Moscato di Asti paired with a traditional Sardinian Almond Cookie

Cut out of work early!!, Tomorrow after work why not jump on a Cheap Flight to Italy?

3 Great Wines & 3 Delicious Regional Tasting Plates, all for $25!!!!

Our first region will be Sardinia, featuring:
 
2011 Botromagno, Gravina Bianco paired with Artisan Bread and Tomato Stuffed Squid

2010 Costera, Cannonau di Sardegna paired with Braised Lamb w/Fettuccine and Sheep's Milk Ricotta

2011 Vallebelbo, Moscato di Asti paired with a traditional Sardinian Almond Cookie

Sounds good right!?!, It's Sunday, the Pats play at 1, you don't wanna cook, and we have a great Sunday Supper.....

Appetizer Course:
Chef’s Charcuterie Plate with House Made Pork Liver Pate, Head Cheese and Coppa accompanied by Spicy Grain Mustard, House Pickled Vegetables and  Grilled Crostini

Entree Course:
Grilled Salmon with Faro salad, Olives, Roasted Purple Romanesca Cauliflower

Dessert:
Mixed Fruit Bread Pudding w/Salted Caramel Sauce   
topped with a scoop of Vanilla Gelato

No Brainer here folks!!! See you for dinner!!!, null, Our Specials are better than theirs..........

Stuffed Mini Peppers: Sweet Corn Puree, Bulgar Wheat and Ricotta Salata|  9

Chef’s Charcuterie Plate: Pork Liver Pate, Head Cheese, Coppa, Stone Ground Spicy Grain Mustard, House Pickled Mixed Vegetables and Grilled Crostini |  16

Baked Eggplant Parmesan: San Marzano Tomato Sauce, Hand Sliced Mozzarella and Fresh Basil |  18**

Grilled Salmon: Faro Salad, Olives, Roasted Purple Romanesca Cauliflower|  22

Pan Seared Cod: Potatoes, Baby Clams, Kale, Saffron & Tomato Fish Brodo|  22*, Save room for dessert tonight......

Sweet Summer Peach Cobbler 8**
and a Scoop of Giovanna's Vanilla Gelato

Mixed Fruit Bread Pudding w/Salted Caramel Sauce  8
Currants, Peaches, Apricots,Candied Ginger 
and a Scoop of Giovanna's Vanilla Gelato, Just a reminder, we are beginning our Cheap Flights on Monday. It's a great way for our kitchen to show off, but it's also a chance for you to expand your wine knowledge. Melanie will be on the bar, and we are lucky to have someone who is a treasure trove of wine knowledge like her. 

You always wanted to know more about wine, well we're making it accessible for you, come in every week and we're sure to impress you!!, Tonight's Dinner Specials don't just sound "good"......

Chilled Summer Corn Soup: with House Cured Bacon & Crab Salad, and finished with Fresh Herb Oil |  9 

Heirloom Tomato Salad(While the season is at it's peak!!): \
Fresh Mozzarella, Fresh Basil, Herb Sauce and Spiced Mixed Nuts |  9**

Stuffed Mini Peppers: Corn Puree, Bulgar Wheat and Ricotta Salata (a firm version of classic ricotta cheese)|  9

Baked Eggplant Parmesan: with a rich San Marzano Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella and Fresh Basil |  18**

Grilled Norwegian Salmon: Faro Salad, Olives and Roasted "Purple" Romanesca Cauliflower (visually stunning with the same familiar taste)|  22

Pan Seared Cod: Pan Roasted Potatoes, Baby Clams, Kale, and a Saffron & Tomato Fish Brodo|  22*

And what better way to finish a Summer Dinner than with........

Sweet Summer Peach Cobbler 8**
Scoop of Vanilla Gelato

See you for dinner!!!, Tavolo, in Dorchester, is hosting its next Cheap Flights to Italy on Monday, September 9, for only $25 per person. You will receive 3 wines paired with 3 regional tastings, and this installment's country is Sardinia. http://passionatefoodie.blogspot.com/2013/09/thursday-sips-nibbles.html, Tonight's Pasta Tour Menu: Calabria......P.S. It's Hot Pepper Festival Time so we're bringing the burn right through dessert!!!

Appetizer:
Spicy Italian Mezze Plate featuring Fresh House Made Pita Bread, Spicy Bulgar Wheat Salad, Pepperoncinis, Watermelon, Heirloom Tomatoes and Fresh Mint

Entree:
Spicy Pepper Putanecsa
with Bucatini Pasta, Anchovies and Eggplant 

Dessert:
Grilled Almond Stuffed Figs with a Spicy Chocolate Sauce, Hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot peppers. Come in and get ‘em in three incendiary courses @ tonite’s Calabrian Pasta Tour., Wednesday's Pasta Tour Menu: Calabria

Appetizer:
Spicy Italian Mezze Plate featuring Fresh House Made Pita Bread, Spicy Bulgar Wheat Salad, Pepperoncinis, Watermelon, Heirloom Tomatoes and Fresh Mint

Entree:
Spicy Pepper Putanecsa
with Bucatini Pasta, Anchovies and Eggplant 

Dessert:
Grilled Almond Stuffed Figs with a Spicy Chocolate Sauce, So after a mis-post Saturday we are officially announcing the start of Tavolo's Cheap Flights to Italy.

The first region we're exploring is Sardinia......

First Course: Tomato and Rustic Bread Stuffed Squid
Paired with a delicious 2011 Botromagno, Greco/Malvasia blend that we feel is made for Seafood. 

Second Course: Braised Lamb with Fettuccine and Sheep's Milk Ricotta.
Paired with a 2010 Arigiolas, Cannonau di Sardegna that has a great roasted quality that should accentuate the richness of the lamb.

Finale: A simple traditional Sardinian Almond Cookie 
Paired with the most impressively flavorful 2011 Vallebelbo, Moscato D' Asti, which is sweet but not sugary, very guilty pleasure!!!

This is only the first week, keep your eyes open for menus for upcoming regions!!, OMG, get ready for some hot stuff tomorrow nite. Tavolo’s annual Calabrian Hot Pepper Festival starts at 5 PM with dishes to make you sweat., Happy Labor Day. Back from vacation? Come in & hop a Cheap Flight to Italy – 3 regional wine pours accompanied by 3 small plates, $25., Labor Day is tomorrow, and we're gonna be relaxing just like you, but tonight we are putting in some work. 

We have a great Sunday Supper planned......

Starting with a Chilled Summer Corn Soup topped with a Bacon & Crab Salad and a dash of fresh Herb Oil

Then a Fire Grilled Norwegian Salmon with Barley, Shaved Fennel, Mustard Greens, Oven Roasted Beets and a House Made Beet Vinaigrette

And finish off with a deliciously light Marscapone Cheesecake with a Sweet Strawberry Sauce and fresh Blueberries.

All for $22

I mean seriously you don't wanna cook out in the rain anyway!!!!, Cooking is Work. Work is Labor. Let us do the labor today and all you need to do is relax and eat. At Tavolo, Good Food is Everything., Tonight's Dinner Specials are........

Chilled Summer Sweet Corn Soup: Topped with House Cured Bacon, Sweet Crab Salad and finished with Fresh Herb Oil
$9

Chef’s Charcuterie Plate: Pork Liver Pate, Head Cheese, Coppa, Spicy Grain Mustard, Pickled Vegetables, with Grilled Crostini
$16

Heirloom Tomato Salad: mozzarella, basil, herb sauce, spiced nuts
$9

Roasted Beet Salad; With Westfield Farms Goat Cheese, Citrus Supremes, Mixed Artisan Greens, Candied Nuts, Citrus Vinaigrette
$9

Baked Eggplant Parmesan: With a deliciously rich San Marzano Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella and a sprinkling of Fresh Basil
$18

Grilled Norwegian Salmon: With Barley, Shaved Fennel, Mustard Greens, Oven Roasted Beets and a House Made Beet Vinaigrette
$22

Clams Fettuccine: With Sweet Corn, Crabmeat and a robust Charred Tomato and Artichoke Sauce
$20

You'll be in we're sure!!, Apologies but we have a small correction to make, our Cheap Flights to Italy will be beginning on Monday Sept 9th not this upcoming Monday(Labor Day) as we will be closed for business. 

We hope you have a great weekend and we also can't wait for you to enjoy our first flight!!!, Chef Nuno has decided to enjoy some R&R this weekend and plans on enjoying several rounds of golf......lucky.

He couldn't leave without giving us something to enjoy, and he worked up till he left making our specials.

Tonight we have........

Chilled Summer Sweet Corn Soup: Topped with House Cured Bacon, Sweet Crab Salad and finished with  Fresh Herb Oil    
$9 

Chef’s Charcuterie Plate: Pork Liver Pate, Head Cheese, Coppa, Spicy Grain Mustard, Pickled Vegetables, with Grilled Crostini 
$16

Heirloom Tomato Salad: mozzarella, basil, herb sauce, spiced nuts 
$9

Beet Terrine: Westfield Goat Cheese and Mixed Artisan Greens finished with Aged Balsamic Vinegar di Modena and Candied Walnuts
$9

Baked Eggplant Parmesan: With a deliciously rich San Marzano Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella and a sprinkling of Fresh Basil  
$18 

Grilled Norwegian Salmon: With  Barley, Shaved Fennel, Mustard Greens, Oven Roasted Beets and a House Made Beet Vinaigrette 
$22

Clams Fettuccine: With Sweet Corn, Crabmeat and a robust Charred Tomato and Artichoke Sauce 
$20, Chef Nuno has decided to enjoy some R&R this weekend and plans on enjoying several rounds of golf......lucky.

He couldn't leave without giving us something to enjoy, and he worked up till he left making our specials.

Tonight we have........

Chilled Summer Sweet Corn Soup: Topped with House Cured Bacon, Sweet Crab Salad and finished with  Fresh Herb Oil    
$9 

Chef’s Charcuterie Plate: Pork Liver Pate, Head Cheese, Coppa, Spicy Grain Mustard, Pickled Vegetables, with Grilled Crostini 
$16

Heirloom Tomato Salad: mozzarella, basil, herb sauce, spiced nuts 
$9

Beet Terrine: Westfield Goat Cheese and Mixed Artisan Greens finished with Aged Balsamic Vinegar di Modena and Candied Walnuts
$9

Baked Eggplant Parmesan: With a deliciously rich San Marzano Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella and a sprinkling of Fresh Basil  
$18 

Grilled Norwegian Salmon: With  Barley, Shaved Fennel, Mustard Greens, Oven Roasted Beets and a House Made Beet Vinaigrette 
$22

Clams Fettuccine: With Sweet Corn, Crabmeat and a robust Charred Tomato and Artichoke Sauce 
$20, Skip Labor Day traffic and let Chef Nuno & Company chauffeur you on the Causeway to Culinary Ecstasy., Starting Monday Sept. 11th join us @ The Bar for Tavolo's Cheap Flights!!!

Following a similar format as our Pasta Tour we will be featuring 3 glass Flights of Regional Wines paired magnificently with small bites also representing the region. Chef is excited, and has been working on some great pairings.

We're going to kick it off with "Sardinia" known as the Sunshine Island

Sardinia is the island located furthest from the mainland. It's surrounded by emerald green sea, and blessed with majestic mountains. 

The cuisine is markedly biased towards traditional Country Dishes. Hearty Beans, Stews and "Spit Roasted" Meats. 

Sardinia also is home to one of the oldest wine industries in all of Italy. 

This should be fun, can't wait to see you!!!, Surprisingly, we are anticipating a busy weekend, so if you’re not going away, drop by and prove us right. Super blackboard specials., Campania. You’ve heard of it, but have ya tasted it? Tonite’s your chance. 3 courses of delicious regional Italian cuisine for a measly $25., Nuno 'The Butcher' Alves KO Pies throwdown #Dundee2, Here's Wishing, Nuno "The Butcher" Alves & Chris "The Duke of Dorchester" Douglass, Good Luck at Mick Dundee's Pie Contest, we are sure that given all the Meat Pies you'll stand out!!!!

P.S. There are  serious costumes involved.....pictures will be posted!!!!!

Come back with the Belt boys!!!!, Nuno’s slingin’ meat pies in East Boston tonite, but our trusted kitchen team is so damn good you won’t even notice he’s missing., No argy bargy. Nuno’s meat pie will win the Mick Dundee Challenge in Eastie tomorrow. A good cause. See www.kocateringandpies.com., The Old World is New Again with our "Chef’s Charcuterie Plate": Pork Liver Pate, Head Cheese and Coppa all Cured In-House served with a Stone Ground Spicy Grain Mustard, House Pickled Vegetables and  Grilled Crostini |  $16, A meat pie challenge is just thing for raising funds for an ill employee of KO Catering & Pies, so stay tuned for further info on this delicious event with a cause., In one week, we’ll debut a new bar feature: Cheap Flights to Italy. We’ll pour 3 regional wines and serve 3 small plates, all for $25., Good on ya, Nuno, for joining the Mick Dundee Meat Pie Throwdown, a tasty benefit in East Boston Tuesday nite. www.kocateringandpies.com, Come in tonight, we miss you. Plus you remember how good the food is, well it's still THAT good!! Check out tonight's Additions!!

Chilled Summer Corn Soup: topped with House Cured Bacon & Crab Salad and a delicious Fresh Herb Oil to finish

Heirloom Tomato Salad: Fresh Hand Sliced Mozzarella, Fresh Basil, Seasonal Herb Sauce, Spiced Mixed Nuts

Chef’s Charcuterie Plate: (Everything prepared In-House) Pork Liver Pate, Head Cheese, Coppa, Spicy Grain Mustard, House Pickled Vegetables, Grilled Crostini 

Baked Eggplant Parmesan: San Marzano Tomato Marinara, Fresh Mozzarella, Fresh Basil.....simple and hearty!

Grilled Locally Caught Yellowfin Tuna: Barley, Shaved Fennel, Spicy Arugula, Sweet Roasted Beets and an over the top Beet Vinaigrette

Pan Seared Locally Caught Black Sea Bass: Served with Baby Clams, Potatoes, Bok Choy and Corn with a light Fish Brodo

Save Room for Dessert!!!!!

Vanilla Bean Panna Cotta 
topped with Spiced Grilled Pineapple

Angel Food Cake
topped with Macerated Strawberries and fresh Whipped Cream

Flourless Chocolate Torta
Crumbled Nut Brittle, Seasonal Berries, 
and a dollop of fresh Whipped Cream, Come in tonight, we miss you. Plus you remember how good the food is, well it's still THAT good!! Check out tonight's Additions!!

Chilled Summer Corn Soup: topped with House Cured Bacon & Crab Salad and a delicious Fresh Herb Oil to finish

Heirloom Tomato Salad: Fresh Hand Sliced Mozzarella, Fresh Basil, Seasonal Herb Sauce, Spiced Mixed Nuts
 
Chef’s Charcuterie Plate: (Everything prepared In-House) Pork Liver Pate, Head Cheese, Coppa, Spicy Grain Mustard, House Pickled Vegetables, Grilled Crostini 

Baked Eggplant Parmesan: San Marzano Tomato Marinara, Fresh Mozzarella, Fresh Basil.....simple and hearty!
 
Grilled Locally Caught Yellowfin Tuna: Barley, Shaved Fennel, Spicy Arugula, Sweet Roasted Beets and an over the top Beet Vinaigrette

Pan Seared Locally Caught Black Sea Bass: Served with Baby Clams, Potatoes, Bok Choy and Corn with a light Fish Brodo

Save Room for Dessert!!!!!

Vanilla Bean Panna Cotta 
topped with Spiced Grilled Pineapple

Angel Food Cake
topped with Macerated Strawberries and fresh Whipped Cream

Flourless Chocolate Torta
Crumbled Nut Brittle, Seasonal Berries, 
and a dollop of fresh Whipped Cream, If you have not intro’d yourself to our new GM, Joe Tabbi, you can do so any night. Joe’s a go-getter with lots of big ideas for Tavolo., COME JOIN US FOR SUNDAY SUPPER!!!

$22 per person
$10 for children 10 and under

Lang Water Farm Salad
(Lang Water farms is located less than 50 miles from us):
     Shaved Cucumbers, Cherry Tomatoes, Shaved Carrots, Shaved Radishes, Crisp Radicchio, with a nice burst of flavor from Shaved Fennel tossed lightly in a delicious Citrus Vinaigrette

Fire Grilled Swordfish: 
     Served with Imperial Forbidden Rice and a great Fire Roasted Artichoke Salad with Chopped Olives and Slow Roasted Cherry Tomatoes

Vanilla Bean Panna Cotta:
      Topped with Spiced Grilled Pineapple.

You honestly don't wanna cook tonight so let us make the choice easy, besides we have cocktails too!!

See you soon!!, School’s starting (gasp) in less than 2 weeks. Grab the gusto of summer with an antipasti plate and a beer. Then, brace yourself., Chef has been busy coming up with some great additions for tonight, don't make plans anywhere but here for dinner tonight!!!

Chilled Summer Corn Soup: A great way to start, topped with a House Cured Bacon and Crab Salad |9 *

Heirloom Tomato Salad: Fresh Hand Sliced Mozzarella, Basil, Light Herb Sauce and Spiced Nuts |  9*

Lobster Salad: New England Summer favorite with a Chef Nuno twist Vine Ripened Tomato, Cucumber Noodles, Green Goddess Dressing|  14*

Frutti Di Mare: Classic Fisherman's Stew with Fettuccine, Whole Shrimp, Fresh Shucked Maine Lobster, Swordfish, Little Neck Clams, Crab, Tomato, Fresh Herbs|  21*

Baked Eggplant Parmesan: Layers of San Marzano Tomato Marinara, Fresh Mozzarella, Basil |  18**

Fire Grilled Swordfish: Served with Forbidden Rice, Marinated Artichoke Salad, Olives, Slow Roasted Cherry Tomatoes|  22*

Can't wait to see you!!, Sometimes, you just wanna grab a fast bite. Chances are, our appetizer menu has something you didn’t even realize you were craving., Ah, mid-August. You can bet that the best of our local farms (and waters) will be delivered today, and shimmering on the plate tonite., Seven days til our amazing Gnocchi Festival. If you love these pillow-y bites of beauty, you’ll go to UReserve right now and grab a table., You’ll want to check out tonight’s Regional Pasta Tour menu online @ tavoloristorante.com. Seating is still available., Tomorrow we visit The Marches, a region of Italy unknown to most. Nuno coaxes the best out of its unique cuisine with a $25 menu., Getting ready to do demo at Harvard square farmers market!, Desserts @ Tavolo are simple yet sublime; splurge on anything made with local raspberries or peaches., Hey, eat hearty at our Sunday Supper tonight, and stay up late to digest it, and to watch the meteor showers in the sky, beginning at 10 PM., Ever wonder what summer is like in Sicily? Taste it tonite with a glass of 2010 Grillo, Stemmari from that legendary island., Come in from the rain!! 

Why try to figure out what's for dinner, we've got great specials waiting for you!?!

Tonight we are featuring:

Appetizer Special; 
Bluefish & Crab Cakes: Crushed Buttery Crackers and a bit of Chili Flake for taste then served with Cucumber Noodles with Avocado and a delicious Spicy Aioli | 10

Pasta Special;
Frutti Di Mare: Fettuccine, Fresh Maine Lobster, Swordfish, Little Neck Clams, Sweet Crab Meat, Tomato and Fine Herbs in a savory Fish Broth| 21

Entree Specials;
Grilled Swordfish: Gigantes Beans, Lentils, Grilled Corn, Roasted Red Pepper Paste and a Briny House-Made Olive Relish | 20*

Brambly Farms(Norfolk MA) Pork Duo: Creamy White Polenta, Porchetta, Sautéed Kale, House-Made Pork Sauce | 21*

Now that you're hungry.....see ya soon!!, Nostrano means local in Italian, and that’s what we serve nitely @ Tavolo, where your peppers were probably grown outside the kitchen door., Our fond thanks to Ted and Sandra of Brambly Farm, whose pampered pigs fed our customers last nite like … well, you know., Wanna know What's Nu? Shoot us an email to sign up for monthly news from Zaftigs/Natick in our newsletter: What's Nu? zaftigsnatick@gmail.com., Wanna know What's Nu? Shoot us an email to sign up for monthly news from Zaftigs/Natick in our newsletter: What's Nu? zaftigsnatick@gmail.com., Just a few hours to reserve for tonight’s $25 Porchetta Fest @ Tavolo, starring the tastiest roast pig you’ll ever experience (and sides)., In Chapter 3, we slice up our Brambly Farm roast pig & serve it to the hungry diners at our August 7 Porchetta Fest. Join us for just $25 p.p., In Chapter 2, we see chef Nuno firing up his new caja china (cooking box) to roast the pig in charcoal for 5 -7 hours. Come watch the fun., Tavolo’s pig is about 9 months old. It was hand-raised w/ love by Irishman Ted O’Harte & fattened on locally milled grain (no chemicals)., Norfolk’s Brambly Farm is a spa for swine. Acres of pine/oak trees. Cooled and heated housing. Fresh H2O and hops from Trillium Brewery. Yup., Who knew that 4 types of pigs were raised just 7 miles from Tavolo in Norfolk? Who knew we’d buy one and cook it on Dot Ave?  True story., This freshly slaughtered, 212-lb. Berkshire pig from Brambly Farm in Norfolk, MA was delivered to the Tavolo restaurant kitchen at 2:00 today.
 
It got not only the USDA's, but Chef Nuno's seal of approval.
 
By this time next Thursday, it'll be Roasted Ligurian Porchetta with Fennel Stuffing, having cooked for 7-8 hours in a caja china on Dorchester Avenue., Back to the caja china. In 9 days, Nuno will be seen roasting a pig on Dot Ave in preparation for his 8/7 Porchetta Fest. $25. Do.Not.Miss., Just back from the beach? We’ve been cooking for you, so don’t disappoint us. Come by for a super supper, ala carte or prix fixe., A killer weekend, weather-wise, is predicted. Grab the gusto. Head to Tavolo for one of our spectacular dinner specials. Go to UReserve.com., Time to turn our thoughts to Italian sparkling rose’s. Our 2010 Rosata Villa Sandi Il Fresco looks & tastes like summer in a glass ($10)., Tavolo chef de cuisine Nuno Alves is excited to be taking delivery of a caja china,… a charcoal-fueled cooking box that can roast whole animals outdoors in a 6-foot-long chamber constructed of wood and steel. Culinary historians disagree on its origin but what matters is that caja china cooking requires patience, but results in crisp yet moist meat with little fuss or attention. http://newsle.com/article/0/85696974/, By week’s end, Tavolo will be proud owner of a caja china (cooking box) and chef Nuno has big plans for this odd wood & steel contraption., Baccala.  Some hate it, but if you love this unique combo of sea (salt cod) & land (potato), you’ll want to try tonite’s Abruzzi feast, $25., Fair warning: next Wednesday’s Italian Baccala Festival @ Tavolo is gonna be a blockbuster, so mark the date on your calendar now – July 24., Enjoying a relaxing stay-cation this weekend? Stir in some sociability and join your friends for a craft beer at the Tavolo bar tonight., Yeah, you can char some beef on a grill @ home. Or, come here and let our kitchen professionals cook your sirloin, with sides, all for $25., The AC is cranking !! It's Pasta Tour tonight we are in Piedmont! We also have some Great Features tonight!!
Striped Bass Crudo: grape fruit supremes, Thai chili, hibiscus vinaigrette /10
Lobster Salad: cucumber noodles, grape tomatoes, green goddess dressing /12
Pan Seared Scallops: celery root puree, squash noodles, citrus brown butter |  24*
Seared Striped Bass: baby clams, heirloom tomato, corn, potato, bass broth |  24*, Let your nose and tongue teach you about the flavors of Piedmont, tonite’s pasta tour destination. 3 authentic courses. Always just $25., We love Langwater Farm, and the yummy fresh veggies they’re sending our way. Look for peas, early corn & other summer fare this week., Signs point to the sun making an appearance today; come celebrate with a cold crisp glass of Sicilian white wine (and a sausage pizza?), It’s Bastille Day. Ignore it and indulge in an American beer that’s made three miles from here: Blue Hills Brewery Comet Tail Pale Ale, $6., C is for crab, chitarra (skinny spaghetti), cured olives, Caesar salad, capers, croutos and cwail (whoops – quail)., Tonight Specials!!!
Heirloom Tomato Salad: mozzarella, basil, herb sauce, spiced nuts | 9*
Summer Gnocchi: morel, chanterelle, zucchini, carrot, fried squash blossom | 18
Baked Eggplant Parmesan: san marzano tomato, mozzarella, basil | 18*
Pork Duo: tenderloin, maple-glazed bacon, braised beans, greens, stone fruit | 22*
Seared Striped Bass: baby clams, heirloom tomato, corn, potato, bass broth | 24*, You do know about Chef Nuno’s love affair w/ pork, don’t you? You’ll find tenderloin, chops, belly, bacon and braised shoulder on our menu., Quaff like a Roman businessman and order a chilled bottle of Moretti beer tonight; goes spectacularly with Nuno’s fabulous pork entrees., Happy Pizzoccheri Fest. See tonight’s unique Regional Pasta Tour menu. Get in here and mangia with us., What the heck is pizzoccheri, and why do Lombardians throw a festival for it? Join us tomorrow nite & fall in love with buckwheat pasta., Are your teens bored already? Sign them up for a Saturday cooking class w/ Nuno. You pick the subject. Hang in our kitchen. Minimum 6., SUNDAY SUPPER
$22 per person-$10 for children 10 and under

Beet & Goat Cheese Salad*
Mixed Greens, Citrus Supremes, Spiced Nuts

Seared Bluefish
Barley, Grilled Red Onion, Tatsoi, Corn Relish, Salsa Verde

Angel Food Cake
Strawberry, Whipped Cream 

See you tonight!!, One month from today, our most popular pasta tour of the year celebrates the Ligurian Porchetta Festival.  $25. Reservations recommended., Only one way to make an Aperol Spritz taste better, and that’s to add Solerno (blood orange liqueur) to it.  Aaah. Summer in a glass., Catch any fish yesterday? Bring ‘em to the back door and let Chef Nuno cook it up for you and your friends, Tavolo-style. Can’t beat it., Cool off with our new Chilled Tomato Soup! We're open at 4pm today! Check out our other featured & menu items or reserve your table tonight on our website. Tavolopizza.com See you tonight!, Tavolo will be closed in honor of Independence Day. See you tomorrow., Go to www.tavolopizza.com to view tonight’s menu specials of red (marinara), white (ricotta) and blue (fish – if we’re really lucky)., Tonight's Features:

Bluefish & Crab Cake: citrus-cabbage slaw, spicy avocado aioli |  10*

Carrot Soup:  fennel, ginger, creme fraiche, carrot chips |  7

Beet & Goat Cheese Salad: mixed greens, citrus supremes, spiced nuts | 9*

Heirloom Tomato Salad: mozzarella, basil, herb sauce, spiced nuts | 9*

Summer Gnocchi: morel, porcini, zucchini, carrot, fried squash blossom | 18

Pork Duo: tenderloin, maple-glazed bacon, braised beans, greens, stone fruit | 22* 

Whole Trout: potato, tatsoi, horseradish cream, fennel sauce, corn relish |  22*

See you tonight!!, F is for fregola. Tiny, toasted, 2-mm semolina pasta balls from Sardinia that eat like hearty couscous. Look for it on the dinner menu., Local Strawberries.  Bumper crop. We got ‘em muddled in drinks, tossed in salads, and layered in a trifle. Come eat them while they last., SUNDAY SUPPER
$22 per person-$10 for children 10 and under

Carrot Soup 7
Fennel, Ginger, Crème Fraîche, Carrot Chips

Mushroom Bolognese 18
Fettuccine, Tomato, Pine Nuts, Parmesan

Panna Cotta 6
Vanilla, Spiced Grilled Pineapple, Got $22 in yer pocket? That’ll buy a 3-course dinner @ Tavolo tonite. Pop in and see what’s Nuno’s cookin.' Menu online @ tavolopizza.com., Come by for our New Special Bluefish & Crab Cake served with a Citrus Cabbage Slaw and Delicious Spicy Avocado Aioli!!, Make your holiday stay-cation a little more festive by joining us at the bar for our newest summer cocktails and snacks., More on ramps: Allium tricoccum was eaten by Native Americans as early as the 17th century in Appalachia. Grows from there up into Canada., Come by Tavolo and enjoy our Summer Gnocchi tonight! It's served with morel & porcini mushrooms, zucchini, carrot, and an ooozy cheese stuffed-fried squash blossom. See you all tonight!

Happy Friday, Drum Roll Please.....

Here are Tonight's Features!

Blue Point Oyster: piri-piri mignonette, lemon |  2ea*

Carrot Soup:  fennel, ginger, creme fraiche, carrot chips |  7

Beet & Goat Cheese Salad: mixed greens, citrus supremes, spiced nuts | 9*

Heirloom Tomato Salad: mozzarella, basil, herb sauce, spiced nuts | 9*

Summer Gnocchi: morel, porcini, zucchini, carrot, fried squash blossom | 18

Pork Duo: tenderloin, maple-glazed bacon, braised beans, greens, stone fruit | 22* 

Grilled Lamb Rack: grilled zucchini, gigantes beans, kale salad, lamb sauce | 24*

Seared Bluefish: barley, tatsoi, grilled spring onion, salsa verde |  23*

Whole Trout: potato, tatsoi, horseradish cream, fennel sauce, corn relish |  22*

TA-DAH! See you tonight!, Ramps rock, says Nuno. Love garlic? You’ll love ramps. Looks like scallions but w/ broad green leaves.  Local, edible and sustainable., Tonight Regional Pasta Tour: Basilicata

APPETIZER
Housemade Grilled Sausage
Pepper & Tomato Relish, Focaccia
 
ENTRÉE
Braised Pork Sholder
Orecchiette Pasta, Spicy Pepper Sauce

DESSERT
Ricotta Cake
Honey, Brûléed Fig 

See you tonight!, Our whole animal program continues thru summer, so look for ultra-creative uses of every section of lamb, pig, tuna or chicken we buy., Tonights Features!!

Corn & Crab Chowder: 9*
potato, cream, smoked paprika oil, ramp oil 

Heirloom Tomato Salad: 10*
burrata cheese, basil, pine nuts

Beet & Goat Cheese Salad: 10*
mixed greens, citrus supremes, spiced nuts

Beef Carpaccio: 10*
porcini mushrooms, pine nuts, bacon vinaigrette 

Squid Ink Pasta: 10*
grilled head-on shrimp, charred green tomato, lobster cream

Grilled Yellowfin Tuna: 24*
barley, tatsoi, mizuna, fennel, olives, tomato 

Pork Duo: 22*
tenderloin, maple-glazed bacon, braised beans, greens, stone fruit, Come cool down with our new Strawberry Trifle!

See you tonight!, Organic vegetables have begun to arrive from Langwater Farm, and chef Nuno is excited to have an abundance of fresh produce to work with., Tonight's Features:

Corn & Crab Chowder: 9*
potato, cream, smoked paprika oil, ramp oil 

Heirloom Tomato Salad: 10*
burrata cheese, basil, pine nuts

Beet & Goat Cheese Salad: 10*
mixed greens, citrus supremes, spiced nuts

Beef Carpaccio: 10*
porcini mushrooms, pine nuts, bacon vinaigrette 

Squid Ink Pasta: 10*
grilled head-on shrimp, charred green tomato, lobster cream

Grilled Yellowfin Tuna: 24*
barley, tatsoi, mizuna, fennel, olives, tomato 

Pork Duo: 22*
tenderloin, maple-glazed bacon, braised beans, greens, stone fruit, Nuno’s mini-garden by the rear delivery door is abloom with basil, rosemary, parsley, tomato buds and strawberries. Take a look., Tonite, we are one of the Mayor's Main Street programs' Biz of the Year, who honors us by saying "Tavolo is a community center as well as a 1st rate restaurant ...", Tonight's Features:

Corn & Crab Chowder:  potato, cream, smoked paprika oil, ramp oil |  9*

Beet & Goat Cheese Salad: mixed greens, citrus supremes, spiced nuts | 10*

Beef Carpaccio: porcini mushrooms, pine nuts, bacon vinaigrette | 10*

Mushroom Bolognese: fettuccine, tomato, pine nuts, parmesan | 17*

Bluefish: gigantes beans, turnips, radishes, arugula, squash noodles | 23*

Pork Duo: tenderloin, maple-glazed bacon, braised beans, greens, stone fruit | 22*, SUMMER STARTS TOMORROW! 

Get a head-start on summer and plan your summer nights here at Tavolo! 

Sip on a refreshing Blood Orange Cosmo, or a Strawberry Basil Martini; kick back, relax, be happy.

See you tonight!, Tavolo supports Future Chefs, because Future Chefs supports our industry with its comprehensive chef training programs. You should, too., Tonight's Features:

Corn & Crab Chowder:  potato, cream, smoked paprika oil, ramp oil |  9*

Beet & Goat Cheese Salad: mixed greens, citrus supremes, spiced nuts | 10*

Bluefish: gigantes beans, turnips, radishes, arugula, squash noodles | 23*

Pork Duo: tenderloin, maple-glazed bacon, braised beans, greens, stone fruit | 22*, Tonight's Features:

P.E.I. Conway Royal Oyster: piri piri mignonette | 2ea*

Corn & Crab Chowder:  potato, cream, smoked paprika oil, ramp oil |  9*

Soft-Shell Crab: squash noodles, celery Root, arugula, fine herbs, spicy aioli | 12*

Bluefish: gigantes beans, peas, turnips, radishes, arugula,fine herbs | 23*

Pork Duo: tenderloin, maple-glazed bacon, braised beans, greens, stone fruit | 22*, We got POWER If you are looking to watch the game come on in !! 
LET"S GO BRUINS!!!, P.E.I. Conway Royal Oyster: piri piri mignonette | 2ea*

Soft-Shell Crab: squash noodles, celery Root, Arugula,Fine herbs, Spicy aioli | 12*

Arctic Char: head-on shrimp, fregola, morels, tomato, beets, lobster broth | 24*

Bluefish: gigantes beans, turnips,Radishes, arugula,fine herbs |23*

Pork Duo: tenderloin, bacon, braised beans, greens, stone fruit |22*, Sunday supper @ Tavolo. Make it a weekly date with your family, and we promise to make it delicious and thrifty., Tonights Features:
P.E.I. Conway Royal Oyster: 2ea*
Piri Piri mignonette  

Soft-Shell Crab: 12*
kohlrabi, Squash, farm greens, lemon, spicy aioli 

Arctic Char:  24*
head-on shrimp, fregola, morels, tomato, beets, lobster broth

Pork Duo: 21
tenderloin, bacon, braised beans, greens, stone fruit, This stunning day deserves a stunning finale. Call Tavolo now if you want to snag a table for tonite. 617-822-1918, or go to UReserve., Tonight's Features!

P.E.I. Conway Royal Oyster: 2ea*
Piri Piri mignonette 

Heirloom Tomato Salad: 10*
buffalo mozzarella, herb pesto, spiced nuts 

Bucatini Alla Pomodoro: 18
heirloom tomatoes, basil, garlic chips 

Soft-Shell Crab: 
kohlrabi, Squash, farm greens, lemon, spicy aioli 

Arctic Char: 24*
fregola, morel shrooms, favas, green garlic, corn, lobster broth  

Pork Duo:21
tenderloin, bacon, braised beans, greens, stone fruit

See you tonight!, Chris & Nuno join 37 other chefs @ The Seaport Hotel tonite @ 7 PM for Chefs in Shorts. Eat-BBQ-til-you-drop in support of Future Chefs., P.E.I. Conway Royal: 2ea* 
Piri Piri mignonette   
Soft-Shell Crab: 23*
kohlrabi, Squash, farm greens, lemon, spicy aioli 
Arctic Char: 24*
fregola, morel mushrooms, favas, green garlic, corn, lobster broth 
Pork Duo: 21 
tenderloin, bacon, braised beans, greens, stone fruit, Are you holding on to any of your Gilt City Vouchers??
Come in and use them up tonight!
You have 5 Days left to take advantage of the amazing deal your holding  on to!!

See you tonight!, If you have not bought tix to the 16th annual Chefs in Shorts event @ The Seaport Hotel, you should. 40 chefs in an outdoor  BBQ grill-off., Tonight's Features:

Fiddleheads 5*
prosciutto, breadcrumbs

Soft-Shell Crab 12*
citrus slaw, tomato, green goddess dressing

Pork Duo 21
tenderloin, bacon, braised beans, greens, stone fruit, Tonight’s Features:

Fiddleheads: prosciutto, breadcrumbs | 5*

Wellfleet Oyster: Piri Piri mignonette | 2ea*

Soft-Shell Crab: citrus slaw, tomato, green goddess dressing | 12*

Seafood Cioppino: blueflish, hake, mussels, crab, bok choi | 20*

Pork Duo: tenderloin, bacon, braised beans, greens, stone fruit | 21, Ryan Beke Will be in TONIGHT at Tavolo! Stop by and be swooned by his tunes at our bar. See you TONIGHT!!, Support Boston youth in their quest to prepare for a culinary career: come to Chefs in Shorts on Friday. 40 chefs. $70. www.futurechefs.com, Best way we know to make the most of fresh farm vegetables like ramps, favas & asparagus: toss ‘em with gnocchi., Are you holding tix to tonite’s Ashmont Hill Chamber Music concert @ All Saints? If so, you’ll get a 10% discount on dinner @ Tavolo., SUNDAY SUPPER
$22 per person
$10 for children 10 and under

Goat Cheese Salad 7*
Citrus Beets, Farms Greens, Spiced Nut Mix

Pork Ravioli 18
Lemon, Ricotta, Greens, Kohlrabi, Fava, Shitake, White Wine, Butter

Panna Cotta 6
Spiced Grilled Pineapple

Happy Sunday!, null, null, Spring has sprung @ the bar, where our Lemon-Thyme Martini is a huge hit, and the Isabella Bellini w/ strawberry puree isn’t far behind., Tonight's Features:

Fiddleheads: prosciutto, breadcrumbs | 5*

Wellfleet Oyster: Piri Piri mignonette | 2ea*

Soft-Shell Crab: squash & cucumber noodles, avocado, lettuce, green goddess remoulade | 12*

Pork Ravioli: lemon, ricotta, greens, kohlrabi, fava, shitake, white wine, butter| 18

Seafood Cioppino: bluefish, hake, mussels, crab, tomato, bok choi | 20*

Local Striped Bass: fregola, garbanzo, peas, lobster brodo, pea tips | 24

Pork Duo: tenderloin, bacon, braised beans, greens, stone fruit | 21, Listen to “On Pointe” on WBUR-AM 90.9 today and hear Mark Bittman on food; knowing that he was fed by us last night at the Black Box Theatre., Tonite, Nuno & Chris cook for the NY Times’ Mark Bittman @ a private reception for WBURs “On Pointe” taped live in Boston @The Paramount., Regioanl Pasta Tour Trentino

APPETIZER
Barley Soup
Cabbage, Potato, Tomato

ENTRÉE
Juniper Grilled Beef
Buckwheat Spaetzle, Beets, Cippolini Onion, Bok Choi, Yogurt

DESSERT
Honey Snap Basket
Apple-Berry Compote, Whipped Ricotta, Come down to Tavolo for Live Music Tuesday Night with Ryan Beke!

Sip on a refreshing cocktail and enjoy our soft shell crab with squash-cucumber noodle and green goddess remoulade!

See you tonight!, Tonight's Features!

Fiddleheads: prosciutto, breadcrumbs | 5*

Wellfleet Oyster: Piri Piri mignonette | 2ea*

Broccoli Soup: onion, garlic, cream, broccoli florets | 7

Soft-Shell Crab: jicama slaw, lettuce, green goddess aioli | 12*

Spring Gnocchi:English peas, fava, carrot, ramps, parmesan | 18

Pork Duo: tenderloin, bacon, braised beans, greens, stone fruit | 21

Veal Oscar: flank, crab stuffed mushroom, potato, asparagus, hollandaise | 24

Cool down with us at Tavolo! See you tonight!, REGIONAL PASTA TOUR: FRIULI

Antipasto
San Daniele Prosciutto, Plums

White Polenta & Seafood
Seared Scallop, Grilled Shrimp, Fried Soft-Shell Crab, Charred Green Tomato Sauce

Phyllo Streusel
Granola, Hazelnut,Golden Raisin, Almond, Figs

3 Courses for $25

See you Tonight!, Tonight's Features:

Fiddleheads: prosciutto, breadcrumbs | 5*

Wellfleet Oyster: Piri Piri mignonette | 2ea*

Broccoli Soup: onion, garlic, cream, broccoli florets | 7

Soft-Shell Crab: jicama slaw, avocado, lettuce, green goddess aioli | 12*

Spring Gnocchi:English peas, fava, asparagus, tomato, carrot, ramps, parmesan | 18

Pork Duo: bacon, flat iron, apricot, braised beans, greens | 20

Stuffed Quail: mascarpone, soft polenta, greens, hakurie turnip, radish | 23*, Happy Sunday! 
Here is our Sunday Supper Menu! 3 Courses for $22

Corn Crab Chowder: Potato, Corn, Cream, Smoked Paprika Oil

Seared Bluefish: Lang Water Farm Greens, Fennel, Roasted Tomato, Salsa Verde

Vanilla Panna Cotta: Spiced Grilled Pineapple,Zaletti Cookie

See you tonight!, Tonight's Features:

Fiddleheads: prosciutto, breadcrumbs | 5*

Wellfleet Oyster: Piri Piri mignonette | 2ea*

Crab Chowder: potato, corn, cream, smoked paprika oil | 9*

Soft-Shell Crab: quinoa salad, lettuce, olives, tomato, green goddess aioli | 12*

Spring Gnocchi: morel mushroom, peas, fava, carrot, ramps, parmesan | 18

Pork Duo: bacon, flat iron, apricot, braised beans, bok choi, kale | 20

Seared Bluefish: Lang Water Farm greens, fennel, roast tomato, salsa verde | 23*

Seared Scallops: squash noodles, shitake mushrooms, ramps, jicama, citrus, celery root puree | 24*, We got some great Feature's tonight!!
Soft-Shell Crab: quinoa salad, lettuce, olives, tomato, green goddess aioli | 12*

Spring Gnocchi: morel mushroom, peas, fava, carrot, ramps, parmesan | 18

Pork Duo: grilled bacon, roasted flat iron, braised beans, bok choi, kale | 20, Tonight's Features:

Fiddleheads: prosciutto, breadcrumbs |  2ea*

Wellfleet Oyster:  Piri Piri mignonette |  2ea*

Soft-Shell Crab: grain salad, lettuce, olives, tomato, green goddess aioli |  12*

Scallops:  celery root puree, cipollini onion, fiddleheads, ramp butter |  24*

Tavolo’s Regional Pasta Tour | Liguria

Pan Seared Bluefish
Mizuna & Tatsoi Salad, Slow Roasted Tomato, Meyer Lemon Vinaigrette, Fennel Pesto

Lemon Cannelloni*
Mortadella, Salami, Langwater Greens, Ricotta, Mushroom Sauce

Lemon Tart
Blueberry
 
See you tonight!, All packed up and ready to cook like crazy @ tonite’s massive fund raiser, Hometown Comfort. Details online. See ya there., Got blood? We need yours @ the city’s largest drive tomorrow noon- 6PM to help victims of the Marathon bombing. IBEW Hall, Freeport St, Dorchester., Tonight's Features:
Soft-Shell Crab: quinoa salad, Bibb lettuce, tomato, green goddess aioli | 12*

Grilled Bluefish: clams, salt cod, tomato broth, potato, dandelion green | 22*

Seared Red Snapper: pickled & grilled plums, celery root, fennel, turnips | 23*

Scallops: celery root puree, cipollini onion, fiddleheads, ramp butter | 24*

Duck Breast: grain & chickpea salad, spicy bok choi, cherry duck sauce | 24*, Two days til the area’s biggest One Fund-Boston event. Help us make Hometown Comfort a day & night of community spirit like none other., Step Up event for PFLAG tonight on the Emerald Necklace!, See you @ Sunday’s Hometown Comfort event @ IBEW Hall. Family fun, fab food & a blood drive in support of our recovering neighbors, 12-9 PM., Apulia on a plate here tonite, but next Wednesday’s the gala Ligurian Lemon Festival. We hope to top last year’s citrusy celebration., If you can say it, you can eat it. Tomorrow, the talented Tavolo team showcases dishes from Apulia in southern Italy (ah-pool’-ya). Only $25 the meal., Got 45 seconds? See cool video @ tavolopizza.com with a lamb we believe wants to be roasted, then ask us about weekend butchering classes., All Saints Church presents Ashmont Hill Chamber Music in concert today @ 4PM. We highly recommend Tavolo for dinner before or afterwards., We have some delicious new specials on our list this weekend! Come by for Chef Nuno's Stuffed Quail stuffed with mascarpone, and served with bread stuffing, bok choy, and cherry sauce.

If your still stuck on finding the perfect Mother's Day Gift, consider treating her to a date at Tavolo! Reserve your table today through UReserve or call us at 617-822-1918. OR Purchase a Gift Card on our website at TavoloPizza.com!, Online reservations thru UReserve - @ TavoloPizza.com - take seconds & guarantees you’ll have a table when you want it this weekend. Try it., Time to tune in to Mom, and feeding her in (comfortable) style on Sunday, May 12th. Tavolo will be open and serving all day, so reserve now., Duck Liver Pate served with Pickled Onions and Crostinis is on the menu tonight along with our Seafood Chowder served with salmon, clam, bass, crab, leeks, parsnip, corn and celery! Come by and unwind with us at Tavolo.

See you later!, We're serving our first Soft Shell Crabs of the season tonight with quinoa, bibb lettuce, cucumbers, and a green goddess dressing! 

It's also Pasta Tour Night!! We are featuring Marches this week!
Check out our Pasta Tour menu and the rest of our specials at Tavolopizza.com

See you tonight!, We Just received our first shipment of soft shell crab!! Come in tonight, Pasta Tour visits The Marches tonite from 5 to 10 PM. Discover the food from one of Italy’s least known regions. Airfare is just $25., Congrats to Tavolo; featured by Zagat among 8 Great Charcuterie Plates in Boston.  Order one tonite. They change often but always cost $15., Signs of spring appearing on the menu every day now are local fava beans, asparagus, fiddleheads (fun to say and eat), early lettuces., Help us raise funds for The Best Buddies Challenge tonite 5-8PM. $20 donation for Red Sox tix raffle and antipasti. Cash bar. Come on down., Another score: spring goat cheese from Westfield Farm. Mares give birth to kids in March. Their rich milk makes the best cheese of the year., Lately, we’ve been scoring some Westport (MA) Oysters. Wowza. Enjoy them @ the bar with cranberry-prosecco mignonette for just $2 each., Mmm Confit Duck served with Umbrian lentils, fiddleheads, roasted grapes, and cress sounds delicious on this beautiful Thursday night! Come and get some! See you tonight!, Beef Carpaccio. Salt Cod w/ creamy polenta. Homemade Italian-style donuts. Join us on this marvelous evening for a $25 meal from The Veneto., Our new video page is up! http://www.tavolopizza.com/buzz/, Pasta Tour Featuring Veneto starts at 5! We will be serving up a delicious 3 course meal just for $25 which includes Beef Carpaccio with Mustard Aioli, Salt Cod with Creamy Polenta and House Made Doughtnuts for dessert! 

We also have a Beef Ravioli served with a Charred Green Tomato Sauce on our Featured List. To find out more about our menu please visit Tavolopizza.com!

See you tonight!!, Error. Yesterday we told you the May 1 Pasta Tour featured Rome. Wrong. It’s the region around Venice. See fab 3-course menu online now., Ashmont Hill Jazz group graces us with their presence in two weeks.  Put May 12 on your social calendar now., Sunday supper for $22.  Embrace your family. Say Lets Go to Tavolo Tonite.  Make everybody a little happier., What are you planning for this beautiful Saturday?

You can find our Duck 2 Ways with a seared breast, confit drumette, Umbrian lentils, artichoke, rhubarb, port reduction on our menu tonight. Come by and enjoy your time here at Tavolo.

See you tonight!, Happy Friday!

Westfield Farm Goat Cheese Salad is back on tonight at Tavolo. Come by and enjoy this refreshing salad with citrus beets, grapefruit segments, spicy nuts and grilled asparagus! 
And the best way to finish off any dinner is with some Cannolis! We have them on tonight also with our housemade ricotta filling with orange zest and chocolate.  

Check out the rest of our menu and specials on our website at Tavolopizza.com

See you tonight!!, What a beautiful Thursday! 

Come by for our Grilled Calamari Salad with peppers, kalamata olives, fennel and pita bread or Seared New Bedford Scallops with parsnip puree and dandelion greens!

See you tonight., If it’s Wednesday, it must be Regional Pasta Tour Night @ Tavolo. 3 courses of recipes direct from Calabria, $25 p.p., The Local Boston Police Department; District C-11 has given us the OK to open our doors tonight. Our doors are open for regular service this Friday evening., Happy Friday!! Come on down for our delicious Duck breast and confit duck leg; Chef is serving that up with umbrian lentils and artichoke. 

If your looking to enjoy a different kind of pizza we have a Razor Clam Pizza with melted leeks, basil and pecorino

We're open, We're ready! See you tonight!!, We all know that Chef Nuno gets a bit jiggy on weekends, so check out the Friday night specials online and get down here for good eatin’., We've just added Blue Hill Brewery's Blueberry Wheat to our Draft List!! Come on Down and Enjoy a Refreshing Beer With Our Smoked Razor Clam Pizza Served With Melted Leeks, Basil, Pecorino From Our Features List!!

See you tonight!!, Come to a Tavolo cooking class this weekend: amaze your friends @ your next spring gathering. Meat/fish/sauces/roasts/grilling/butchering., If it’s Wednesday, it must be Regional Pasta Tour Night @ Tavolo. 3 courses of recipes direct from Campania, $25 p.p., Last day to get in on our benefit-dinner for Ashmont Hill Chamber Music on the 14th.  $100 allows them to play on (and you to eat well)., One of Nuno's pasta students tries her hand and rolling the fresh dough; more than a dozen shapes were demonstrated., Ashmont Hill Jazz Group will be here tonight LIVE! Come in and enjoy your Sunday Supper with us and unwind for the night

See you tonight!!, Sunday supper.  Say Lets Go to Tavolo and make everybody in your house happy tonite.  $22 menu online now., Any day now, a fun video from the 2013 Lamb Jam in Cambridge can be viewed on our website: tavoloristorante.com. Tell us you love it., Spring veggies arriving daily. Favas, asparagus, peas, greens appearing in crazy new pasta dishes alive with color and flavor., Chef Nuno garnishes samples of his squid ink ravioli with brandade, in a sauce of tomatoes/saffron peppers/mushrooms in the Fruit Center kitchen - the pasta lovers went wild.
He also presented beet fettuccine with five spring vegetables in artichoke sauce., Craving awesome gnocchi?? 

You can find it here at Tavolo!! Come on down and enjoy our Braised Rabbit served with our delicious handmade, Potato Gnocchi, Fava Beans, Peas, Asparagus, and Miners Lettuce. 
Check out the rest of our menu at Tavolopizza.com 

See you tonight!!, Ashmont Hill Chamber Music. Concert/Dinner/Benefit here April 14. $100 supports the sound of music in The Dot. See AHCM website. RSVP by 4/8, Pasta Tour Starts at 5pm! 

Come by for our Rome Artichoke Festival inspired menu!! 

Check out our menu on our page at Tavolopizza.com! See you Tonight!!, Pasta making class @ Fruit Center Marketplace in Milton Monday night given by Chef Nuno was attended by 24 serious home cooks, who enjoyed the hands-on experience., Catch a rising star in the Tavolo lounge tonight: Ryan Beke and Friends are likely to leap from The Dot to Tinseltown. Say you knew them when …, Don't forget we'll be open up at 5pm today!! Stop by say hello, and enjoy the tunes from Ryan Bekes guitar!! Warm up on this lovely spring day with us and our warm delicous pizza!! See you tonight!!, HOP ON DOWN TO TAVOLO! We are ready and our doors are open for you!

Here are our Easter features!

Bunny-Berry Cooler 10
Blackberry Tequila, Triple Sec, Fresh Lime, Soda
Bloody Hopper 10
San Marzano Tomato Water, Horseradish, Svedka Vodka, Olive
Easter Bellini 10
Prosecco, Peach Puree, St. Germain
Grand Mimosa 10
Grand Marnier, Prosecco, Orange Juice

Wellfleet Oyster  2ea
Prosecco-Cranberry Mignonette

Granola 7
 Fresh Fruit, Greek Yogurt, Mint

Crab & Corn Bisque  9
 Avocado Relish, Smoked Paprika Oil

Asparagus Salad 9
 Poached Egg, Bacon, Mixed Greens, Parmesan

Gypsy Eggs  9
Soft Anson Mills Polenta, Saffron Peppers, Scallions, Shaved Parmesan 

Confit Artichoke Tart 10
Spring Salad, Meyer Lemon Vinaigrette, 

Brunch Pizza 13
Sunny Side Eggs, Pancetta, Potato, Leeks

Braised Rabbit Ragu  18
Potato Gnocchi, Fava beans, 
Peas, Miners Lettuce

Lamb 2 Ways  24
Fig-Chutney Stuffed Leg, Smoked Lamb Stuffed Tomato, Spring Vegetables, Lamb Sauce

Veal 3 Way 24
Braised Veal Cheek, Grilled Flank, 
Crispy Sweet Breads, Bulghur Salad, 
Artichokes, Fava Pod Puree

HAPPY EASTER!!, Put down that chocolate bunny, and get in here and have a decent meal. Open at 1:00. Easter specials or regular menu both served until 8:00., A timely reminder: we’ll be open 1 to 8 PM tomorrow for your dining pleasure, so call us today and reserve a table for Easter dinner., Sring Pea Soup and our Whole Trout made it to our menu to celebrate Spring come in tonight and enjoy some of our new cocktails! UncomPEARable to those youd find around like our refreshing Pear-Berry Martini, It’s Good Friday and we’ve got fresh fish for ya. Or beef, veal, chicken, pizza, paninis, pasta, charcuterie and cheese., Some Easter Sunday items will appear on the regular menu soon: spring pea soup, whole fish bourride, bacon & asparagus salad, and more., Easter is around the corner!! We open at 1pm to 8pm! Reserve your table through Ureserve today!!

We are also Featuring Liguria for our Regional Pasta Tour!
Check out or Pasta Tour Menu and Daily Features on our website at TavoloPizza.com, If it’s Wednesday, it must be Regional Pasta Tour Night @ Tavolo. 3 courses of recipes direct from Liguria, $25 p.p., Some pairs are just natural!!, Bolognese and Angel Hair is not a traditional pairing !! But it works for us!!!, Come on down to Tavolo tonight! We have Ryan Beke playing to you while you enjoy your delicous meal! We have our yummy Game Ravioli served with our charred green tomato sauce! See you tonight!, More on Easter Sunday’s special ala carte menu: braised rabbit gnocchi, Lamb Two Ways, eggs w/ polenta & peppers, Bacala Pizza, fish du jour, Is Easter sneaking up on you? Never fear. We’ve decided to open that day and serve you from 1 to 8 PM. Great spring specials + regular menu., Things can get a little bit crazy around here on Saturday nights, so we suggest you use UReserve and get your table online. See ya later., Come one!! Come all!! It's Friday Night and you know you want to spend it at Tavolo! We got everything you need to make your night a great one!! We open up at 4pm!! See you tonight!, Come one!! Come all!! It's Friday Night and you know you want to spend it at Tavolo! We got everything you need to make your night a great one!! We open up at 4pm!! See you tonight!, It became spring yesterday; which means that Chef Nuno’s succulent spring lamb specials cannot be far behind. He’s getting out a smoker., Local cookbook author Maria Speck inspired us to create a new spring dish, coming soon: Confit of Artichoke Tart with whole grain crust., What’s the food of Sardinia all about? Why not come down and find out tonight as Pasta Tour 2013 travels to this legendary Italian island., http://www.prweb.com/releases/Easter-lamb-recipes/Cedar-Springs-Lamb/prweb10493853.htm, Sick squid ink linguini w/ cockles, tomato & more by candlelight @ 10PM last night, followed by lamb pastrami, veal cheeks, boar sausage. Wow., We open up at 5pm today! Swing by and warm up with us. Come try out Potato Gnocchi with Fava Beans, Cauliflower, Green Beans, and Nettle Sauce! See you tonight!, We are always cooking up something special for you here at Tavolo! Come down and spend your St Patricks Day with us and Ashmont Hill Jazz Group! They'll be here tonight playing live music at our bar!  Happy St Patricks Day!, If you have to be told that Dorchester & Southie are where you want to be today - wearing green -- then you must not live here., We have Potato Gnocchi with Corned Beef, Green Beans, Carrot Coins, Asparagus, and Nettle Sauce! We open up our doors at 4pm! Come in soon to get this delicous dish! 

See you soon!, We have our Fettuccine Vongole on our menu to stay!! Come in for out Housemade fettuccine, clams, parsley, and white wine sauce anytime!!

Come in for our Pan Seared Rainbow Trout! We're serving that up with fingerling potatoes, roasted grapes, and salsa verde! 

Trout on over to Tavolo!!, We love http://www.BostonChefs.com, and they love Boston’s annual Lamb Jam. See great video of Tavolo @ the 2013 event on their website., Any minute now, chef Nuno’s exotic squid ink raviolis stuffed w/ fresh seafood will be back on the menu; a pretty and palatable treat., Come out and try our new drink special the Pear-Berry Martini with Asolute Pear, Blueberry Stoli, Peach Schnapps, and Pear Puree!

Our Doors Open at 5 for Pasta Tour Night! Check out our Pasta Tour Menu on our Website @ Tavolopizza.com!

See you tonight!!, If it’s Wednesday, it must be Regional Pasta Tour Night @ Tavolo. 3 courses of recipes direct from Basilicata, $25 p.p., Come out for our scrumptious Seafood Chowder with Clams, Oysters, Bass, and Salmon! 

We also have live music tonight with Ryan Beke!

See you tonight!, We are now looking for responsible and experienced servers here at Tavolo! We are accepting resumes...

Please send us your resume to eat@tavolopizza.com

Thank you! We hope to hear from you soon!, Pork chops. Panini. Polenta. Pesto. Pizza with pears. Peppers. Penne. Prosciutto. Provolone. Pickled veggies. Pinot Grigio. Prosecco., Have your casual Sunday supper w/ the family @ our place tonite. See tavoloristorante.com for a delicious 3-course menu priced at just $22., Come try some of our new beers we added to out Selection! We have added Antimatter from Blue Hills Brewery and Shipyard's Monkeyfist IPA! If your looking for a low gluten beer come to us and ask for the Estrella Daura Lager!

Wash down our Grilled Veal Chop served with Saffron Risotto, Watercress and Salsa Verde with one of your new favorite beers!

See you tonight!, Shovel out and venture to Tavolo! We have Duck Breast Back on our features list! Come in to enjoy our Long Island Ducked Breast with Umbrian Lentils, Root Vegetables, Roasted Grapes, and Rhubarb! 

Happy Women's Day everyone!, Call today. By next Saturday, you & 5 friends can be in Tavolo’s kitchen learning to make soups/sausages/sauces/your choice of class. $60., WE ARE OPEN AT 4PM Tonight !!! Come in had hang out with us .. we Have some great specials tonight!! 12oz Veal Chop and Short Rib Ravioli !!, Short Rib Ravioli is back at Tavolo for a short while! Come in and shake the snow off your boots. Enjoy our Short Rib Ravioli Served with Charred Green Tomato Sauce, Parmesan Cream and Truffle Oil. Chase it down with our newest addition to our draft beers! Shipyard Monkey Fist IPA!, OK. Just one more week to wait until St. Patrick’s Day arrives. Just wait til you see chef Nuno Alves wearin’ the green., We are featuring Umbria tonight with Grilled Pork Sausage with roasted grapes! Penne Tartufate with Black Truffles and Cream- Last but not least; a delicous Chocolate Olive Oil Cake with Cream Cheese Frosting and Cinnamon, Get ready for the upcoming storm with us! We have Seafood Chowder to warm you up from the inside out! Come on out at get it now with clams, oysters, bass, and salmon!  See you tonight!!, If it’s Wednesday, it must be Regional Pasta Tour Night @ Tavolo. 3 courses of recipes direct from Umbria, $25 p.p., Rock steady with Ryan Beke and his musical friends this and every Tuesday night in the Tavolo Lounge. No cover. Just cool. Check it out., What can you say about Mondays, except that it’s the day of the week when restaurants like Tavolo most want to see you walk thru the door., You guys loved Nuno's Striped Bass so much last night were keeping it around for another day! Come in now to get his Striped Bass with Chorizo, Clams, Potato, Eggplant Caponatta, Fish Fumet.

Were open early today at 4! See you tonight!, Got some great specials Tonight, Wild Striped Bass, Beet Cured Smoked Salmon, Red Wine Short Ribs!!, Get to know & love the foods of Emilia-Romagna tonite for just $25 @ our weekly Regional Pasta Tour dinner. Menu’s online., Get out of the rain and warm up with us! 

Come in for our new Tuscan Kale Soup! Yes! We have added a Tuscan Kale Soup to the menu with torn pasta, squash, tomato, parmesan, and tuscan beans!

We also have a new vegetarian option to our menu too! Welcome the Whole Grain Lasagna with celery root, tomato, mushrooms, greens, and a béchamel sauce!!

... we know you already know of our BBC Braised Lamb Ragu served with our housemade fettucine, peperonata, olives and pecorino romano. Yes! you can get that delicous lamb dish here tonight found on our Features List!

See you tonight!!, Short Ribs Are Back!! Come in tonight for our Red Wine Short Rib Plated with Crispy Polenta, Gremolata, Roasted Roote Vegetables!

Also come in to try our Fettuccine Vongole with Cockles, White Wine, Garlic Butter, Parsley!

They wont be back for long come in while you still can!

See you Tonight!!, The buzz is building about Ryan Beke, our own live music maestro, who appears every Tuesday nite here in the lounge. He’s cool, dudes., Add these Italian food festivals featured @ Tavolo to your 2013 dining calendar: artichokes (4/3), lemons (5/22), pine nuts (6/19)., We will be closed for regular service tonight February 24, 2013 for the Oscars on the Avenue!

We will be open again tomorrow!

Thank you!
-Tavolo Team, FEATURES

Wellfleet Oysters 2ea
Prosecco-Piri Piri Mignonette, Lemon

Brussels Sprouts* 5 
Proscuitto, Lemon, Chile, Bread Crumbs

Red Beet Ravioli 17
Ricotta, Parmesan Cream, Oven Cured Tomato, Arugula, Truffle Oil

Fettuccine Vongole 18
Clams, White Wine, Garlic Butter, Parsley

BBC Braised Lamb Ragu 20
Fettucine, Peperonata, Olives, Pecorino Romano, Rapini

Red Wine Braised Short Rib 23
Crispy Polenta, Gremolata, Roasted Root Vegetables, FEATURES

Wellfleet Oysters 2ea
Prosecco-Piri Piri Mignonette, Lemon

Brussels Sprouts* 5 
Proscuitto, Lemon, Chile
Bread Crumbs

Red Beet Ravioli 17
Ricotta, Parmesan Cream, Oven Cured Tomato, Arugula, Truffle Oil

Fettuccine Vongole 18
Clams, White Wine, Garlic Butter, Parsley

BBC Braised Lamb Ragu 20
Fettucine, Peperonata, Olives,
Pecorino Romano, Rapini

Seared East Coast Halibut 23
Cockles, Chickpeas, Porcini Mushroom, Fish Both, Basil oil

Red Wine Braised Short Rib 23
Crispy Polenta, Roasted Root Vegetables, 
 Gremolata, TONIGHTS FEATURES

Wellfleet Oysters 2ea
Prosecco-Piri Piri Mignonette, Lemon

Brussels Sprouts* 5 
Proscuitto, Lemon, Chile, Bread Crumbs

Red Beet Ravioli 17
Ricotta, Parmesan Cream, Oven Cured Tomato, Arugula, Truffle Oil

Fettuccine Vongole 18
Clams, White Wine, Garlic Butter, Parsley

BBC Braised Lamb Ragu 20
Fettucine, Peperonata, Olives, Pecorino Romano, Rapini

Seared East Coast Halibut 23
Cockles, Chickpeas, Porcini Mushroom, Fish Both, Basil oil

Red Wine Braised Short Rib 23
Crispy Polenta, Roasted Root Vegetables,  Gremolata,, Tonights Features!

Wellfleet Oysters 2ea
Prosecco-Piri Piri Mignonette, Lemon

Brussels Sprouts* 5
Proscuitto, Lemon, Chile Bread Crumbs

Red Beet Ravioli 17
Ricotta, Parmesan Cream, Oven Cured Tomato, Watercress, Truffle Oil

Fettuccine Vongole 18
Clams, White Wine, Garlic Butter, Parsley

BBC Braised Lamb Ragu 20
Fettucine, Peperonata, Olives,Pecorino Romano, Rapini

Red Wine Braised Short Rib 23
Crispy Polenta, Gremolata, Brussels Sprouts

Regional Pasta Tour: Apulia

APPETIZER

Frittelle di Fagioli
White Bean Fritters

ENTREE

Seafood Fra Diavlo
Pepperoncinni, Broccoli Rabe, Orecchiette, San Marzano

DESSERT

Roasted Figs
Honey Whipped Ricotta

Three Courses: 25 per person, Tonight Features
Wellfleet Oysters 2ea
Prosecco-Piri Piri Mignonette, Lemon

Brussels Sprouts* 5 
Proscuitto, Lemon, Chile
Bread Crumbs

Red Beet Ravioli 17
Ricotta, Parmesan Cream, Oven Cured Tomato, Watercress, Truffle Oil

Fettuccine Vongole 18
Clams, White Wine, Garlic Butter, Parsley

BBC Braised Lamb Ragu 20
Fettucine, Peperonata, Olives,
Pecorino Romano, Rapini

Grilled Yellow Fin Tuna  20
Forbidden Rice, Romanesco, Capers,
Meyer Lemon Chili Butter, Nuno’s still jammin’ from yesterday’s Lamb Jam in Cambridge & psyched to do more lamb butchering classes @ Tavolo. Get 5 friends & book one, Tonight's Features:
Wellfleet Oysters 2ea
Prosecco-Piri Piri Mignonette, Lemon

Brussels Sprouts* 5 
Proscuitto, Lemon, Chile
Bread Crumbs

Red Beet Ravioli 17
Ricotta, Parmesan Cream, Oven Cured Tomato, Watercress, Truffle Oil

Fettuccine Vongole 18
Clams, White Wine, Garlic Butter, Parsley

Grilled Yellow Fin Tuna  20
Forbidden Rice, Romanesco, Capers,
Meyer Lemon Chili Butter

Roasted Rack of Lamb 24
Spiced Eggplant Puree, 
Umbrian lentils, Arugula, Nuno & Chris doing a live butcher demo at #LambJam, Advice from Chris' demo: Buy thorned artichokes instead of thornless. They have more meat in the artichoke heart., Chris Douglass just went onstage at the Boston Wine Expo!, TONIGHT FEATURES:

Wellfleet Oysters 2ea
Prosecco-Piri Piri Mignonette, Lemon

Red Beet Ravioli 17
Ricotta, Parmesan Cream, Oven Cured Tomato, Watercress, Truffle Oil

Fettuccine Vongole 18
Clams, White Wine, Garlic Butter, Parsley

Grilled Lobster 28
Forbidden Rice, Romanesco,
Meyer Lemon Chili Butter

SUNDAY SUPPER
$22 per person
$10 for children 10 and under

Tuscan Kale Soup 7
Torn Pasta, Squash, Tomato, 
Parmesan, Tuscan Beans 

Game Ravioli 19
Veal, Turkey Confit, Ricotta, Spinach, Lemon, Charred Green Tomato Sauce

Panna Cotta 7
Poached Pear, Zaletti Cookie, 4 Days of Love
February 2013 

Yellowfin Tuna Tartare 11
Pickled Golden Beets, Uni Vinaigrette, Lotus Root Chips

Wellfleet Oysters 2ea
Prosecco-Piri Piri Mignonette, Lemon

Red Beet Ravioli 17
Ricotta, Parmesan Cream, Oven Cured Tomato, Watercress, Truffle Oil

Fettuccine Vongole 18
Clams, White Wine, Garlic Butter, Parsley

Grilled Lobster 28
Forbidden Rice, Romanesco, Meyer Lemon Chili Butter

Roasted Rack of Lamb 25
Spiced Eggplant Puree, Umbrian Lentils

4 Days of Love: Cocktails

Cupid’s Cosmo 10
Svedka Clementine, Triple Sec,  White Cranberry, Blood Orange Puree

Passion Fashion 10
Maker’s Mark, Passion Fruit Puree, Cranberry, Orange, Cherry

Tavolo Kiss 10
Svedka Vokda, Chambord, Pineapple Juice

Isabella Bellini 10
Prosecco, St. Germain, Strawberry Puree

After Dinner Drink
S’more-tini 10
Kaluha, Baileys, Vodka, Espresso, Creme de Cocoa, Graham Cracker Rim, 4 Days of Love
February 15, 2013 

Yellowfin Tuna Tartare 11
Pickled Golden Beets, Uni Vinaigrette, Lotus Root Chips

Well Fleet Oysters 2ea
Prosecco-Piri Piri Mignonette, 
Lemon

Red Beet Ravioli 17
Ricotta, Parmesan, Oven Cured Tomato,
Watercress, Truffle Oil

Fettuccine Vongole 18
Clams, White Wine, Garlic Butter, Parsley

Grilled Lobster 28
Forbidden Rice, Romanesco,
Meyer Lemon Chili Butter

Roasted Rack of Lamb 25
Spiced Eggplant Puree, Umbrian Lentils, We're getting ready to make your Valentine's Day the best one yet!
Here is our Valentine's Features!

APPETIZERS
Tuna Tartare 11
Pickled Golden Beets, Uni Vinaigrette, Lotus Root Chips
Local Oysters 2ea
Prosecco-Piri Piri Mignonette

PASTA
Red Beet Ravioli 17
Creamy Parmesan, Slow Roasted Tomatoes, 
Watercress, Truffle Oil

ENTREE
Grilled Lobster 28
Forbidden Rice Romanesco
Meyer Lemon Chili Butter
Roasted Rack of Lamb 28
Eggplant, Umbrian Lentils, Pomegranate

DESSERT
Red Velvet Cake 9
Cream Cheese Frosting,
Chocolate-Covered Strawberries 

TASTING MENU
Four Courses 60, Here's a sneak peek at our Valentine's feature: Red Beet Ravioli with Creamy Parmesan, Slow Roasted Tomatoes and Watercress!, We have Acoustic Live Music tonight by Ryan Beke!

Spend the night out with us!

Tonights' Features!

Brussels Sprouts* 5 
Proscuitto, Lemon, Chile
Bread Crumbs

Game Ravioli 19
Veal, Turkey Confit, Ricotta, Spinach, Lemon, Charred Green Tomato Sauce

BBC Braised Lamb Ragu 20
Fettucine, Peperonata, Olives,
Pecorino Romano, Rapini

Pan Seared East Coast Halibut 20
Mussel, Potato, Saffron Lobster Broth, Brussels Sprouts, Fennel, Leeks, And the Tavolo Team is Back In Action!

Here Are Tonights Features!

Brussels Sprouts* 5 
Proscuitto, Lemon, Chile
Bread Crumbs

Game Ravioli 19
Veal, Turkey Confit, Ricotta, Spinach, Lemon, Charred Green Tomato Sauce

BBC Braised Lamb Ragu 20
Fettucine, Peperonata, Olives,
Pecorino Romano, Rapini

Pan Seared East Coast Halibut 20
Mussel, Potato, Saffron Lobster Broth, Brussels Sprouts, Fennel, Leeks, What a crazy storm ...We Are open tonight and ready to rocki it out!! Come get your Tavolo fix !!, We will be closed tonight, Saturday evening. Please visit our sister restaurant Ashmont Grill, which is open now to help you recover from all that shoveling!, Tavolo will be closed tomorrow night for the Blizzard of 2013.
We will be open again for Saturday Night.
Ashmont Grill will be open for service both Friday and Saturday!
We apologize for any inconvenience!
Thank you,
Tavolo Team, ONE WEEK TIL V.DAY. HERE'S WHAT WE'RE OFFERING: BEET RAVIOLI, GRILLED LOBSTER, OYSTERS W/ CAVIAR, RACK O' LAMB, RED VELVET CAKE, TONIGHTS FEATURES!

Roasted Cauliflower* 5
Pinenuts, Bread Crumbs,
Golden Raisins

Arancini* 8
Anchovy, Garlic, Parsley
Lemon, Marinara

Game Ravioli 19
Veal, Turkey Confit, Ricotta, Spinach, Lemon, Charred Green Tomato Sauce

BBC Braised Lamb Ragu 20
Fettucine, Peperonata, Olives,
Pecorino Romano, Rapini

Porcini Rubbed Halibut 23
Brussels Sprouts, Fennel,
 Olive, Parsley, Speck

See you tonight!!, Need to buy a belated Christmas present or upcoming Birthday present? And you dont know what to get them??

Give them the gift of a lovely night at Tavolo!

You can now purchase a gift card on our website!!

Go to TavoloPizza.com and buy gift card and we will mail it out to where you want it to go!!, WE DARE YOU TO FIND A BETTER DEAL IN DORCHESTER THAN OUR WEEKLY REGIONAL PASTA TOUR MENU @ $25; TONITE., Tonights Features!

Brussels Sprouts* 5 
Proscuitto, Lemon, Chile, Bread Crumbs

Roasted Cauliflower* 5
Pinenuts, Bread Crumbs, Golden Raisins

Roast Pork Pizza 13
VBC Chevre, Hot Peppers, Kale, Marinara

Game Ravioli 19
Veal, Turkey Confit, Ricotta, Spinach, Lemon, Charred Green Tomato Sauce

BBC Braised Lamb Ragu 20
Fettucine, Peperonata, Olives, Pecorino Romano

Come in for our Live Music Tuesday with Ryan Beke!!, TONIGHT'S FEATURES

Brussels Sprouts* 5 
Proscuitto, Lemon, Chile, Bread Crumbs

Roasted Cauliflower* 5
Pinenuts, Bread Crumbs, Golden Raisins

 Grilled Beef Spidini 8
Sirloin, Balsamic- Soy Marinade, Arugula, Fonduta

Game Agnolotti 19
Veal, Turkey Confit, Ricotta, Spinach, Lemon, Charred Green Tomato Sauce

Roasted Beef Braciole 20
Aged Provolone, Speck, Spinach, Parsnip Puree, Sauce Genovese

See you tonight!, Sorry to say Super Bowl must be savored elsewhere tonite; Tavolo will be closed, but reopening for biz as usual tomorrow, Monday the 4th., We will be closed tonight for the Superbowl!
We apologize for any inconvenience!
Everyone have a safe and happy Sunday!!
Thank you!
-Tavolo Team, Thank you to everyone who made it in tonight!!

Just to remind everyone we will be closed tomorrow for the Superbowl!

Thank you!
-Tavolo Team, Tonight's Features!

Brussels Sprouts* 5
Prosciutto, Lemon, Chile,  Bread Crumbs

Roasted Cauliflower* 5
Pinenuts, Bread Crumbs, Golden Raisins

 Grilled Beef Spidini 9
Sirloin, Balsamic- Soy Marinade, Arugula, Fonduta

Roast Pork Pizza 13
VBC Chevre, Hot Peppers, Kale, Marinara

Eggplant Parmesan* 18
Marinara, Mozzarella, Pasta

Game Agnolotti 19
Veal, Turkey Confit, Ricotta, Spinach, Lemon, Charred Green Tomato Sauce

Roasted Beef Braciole 22
Aged Provolone, Speck, Spinach, Parsnip Puree, Sauce Genovese, Chef Nuno back from the isle of Hawaii any minute now. Warm yourself up by looking at his vacation photos from Oahu., FEATURES

Brussels Sprouts* 5
Prosciutto, Lemon, Chile,  Bread Crumbs

Roasted Cauliflower* 5
Pinenuts, Bread Crumbs, Golden Raisins

 Grilled Beef Spidini 9
Sirloin, Balsamic- Soy Marinade, Arugula, Fonduta

Roast Pork Pizza 13
VBC Chevre, Hot Peppers, Kale, Marinara

Eggplant Parmesan* 18
Marinara, Mozzarella, Pasta

Game Agnolotti 19
Veal, Turkey Confit, Ricotta, Spinach, Lemon, Charred Green Tomato Sauce

Roasted Beef Braciole 22
Aged Provolone, Speck, Spinach, Parsnip Puree, Sauce Genovese, Count down to The Super Bowl. We will be closed for business that day, so please plan accordingly. We’ll reopen for dinner on February 4., Tonights Features!

Brussels Sprouts* 5
Prosciutto, Lemon, Chile,  Bread Crumbs

Potato, Beer, Cheese Soup 7
IPA, Fontina, Tallegio, Bacon Croutons

Roasted Pork Flat Iron 18
Potato Gnocchi, Speck, Brussels Sprouts, Mushroon, 
Whole Grain Mustard

BBC Braised Lamb Ragu 20
Fettucine, Peperonata, Olives, Pecorino Romano

Roasted Beef Braciole 22
Provolone, Speck, Spinach, Herbed Zucchini, Sauce Genovese, http://boston.fansoflamb.com/lamb-jam-boston/#ect-headline, FEATURES

Brussel Sprouts* 5
Prosciutto, Lemon, Chile, Bread Crumbs

Roasted Cauliflower* 5
Pinenuts, Bread Crumbs, Golden Raisins

Duck Liver Pate 9
Apple Butter, Crostini, Pickled Vegetable

Eggplant Parmesan* 18
Charred Tomato Sauce, Provolone, Mozzarella, Pasta

Seafood Fra Diavlo 19
Shrimp, Scallops, Mussels, Spaghetti, Spicy Tomato Sauce

See you tonight!, 56 degrees?! Venture out to Tavolo on this warm evening for a romantic dinner for two or a group gathering over a couple of craft beers! 

Join us while we feature Alto Adige for this week's Pasta Tour!

APPETIZER
Beer, Potato, Cheese Soup
Fontina, Tallegio, Asiago, 
Bacon “Croutons”

ENTREE
Potato Gnocchi
Speck, Braised Cabbage, Parmesan
 
DESSERT
Apple Fritters
Confectioners' Sugar, Tavolo’s weekly Pasta Tour allows you to travel around Italy’s boot on your stomach. 3 authentic recipes for just $25 every Wednesday nite., Tonights Features!

Brussel Sprouts* 5
Prosciutto, Lemon, Chile, Bread Crumbs

Roasted Cauliflower* 5
Pinenuts, Bread Crumbs, Golden Raisins

Duck Liver Pate 9
Apple Butter, Crostini, Pickled Vegetable

Eggplant Parmesan* 16
Charred Tomato Sauce, Provolone, Mozzarella

Seafood Fra Diavlo 19
Shrimp, Scallops, Mussels, Spicy Charred-Green Tomato Sauce, You never know who acoustic guitarist Ryan Beke will bring with him when he plays in the Tavolo lounge on Tuesday nights. Are you up for a surprise?, FEATURES

Brussel Sprouts* 5
Prosciutto, Lemon, Chile,
Bread Crumbs

Duck Liver Pate 9
Apple Butter, Crostini
Pickled Vegetable

Roasted Cauliflower* 5
Pinenuts, Bread Crumbs,
Golden Raisins

Eggplant Lasagna 18
Farro, Barley, Eggplant, 
Roasted Tomato

Seafood Fra Diavlo 19
Shrimp, Scallops, Mussels, 
Spicy Charred-Green Tomato Sauce, Tavolo’s selling tickets to the 2013 Lamb Jam. If you are a lamb-lover, you will want to be there for this exciting event. Cheer Chef  Nuno., TONIGHTS' FEATURES

Brussel Sprouts* 5
Prosciutto, Lemon, Chile, Bread Crumbs

Duck Liver Pate 9
Apple Butter, Crostini, Pickled Vegetable

Roasted Cauliflower* 5
Pinenuts, Bread Crumbs, Golden Raisins

Seafood Fra Diavlo 19
Shrimp, Scallops, Mussels,  Spicy Charred-Green Tomato Sauce

SUNDAY SUPPER
$22 per person
$10 for children 10 and under

Cauliflower Soup 7
Pomegranate Crème Fraîche, Smoked Paprika Oil

Eggplant Lasagna 18
Farro, Barley, Eggplant, Roasted Tomato

Panna Cotta 7
Poached Pear, Zaletti Cookie, Sunday Supper tonite, best bargain @ 3 courses for $22. Delicious fresh Italian cuisine, not just end of week leftovers, folks., TONIGHTS FEATURES!!

Brussel Sprouts* 5
Prosciutto, Lemon, Chile,  Bread Crumbs

Roasted Cauliflower* 5
Pinenuts, Bread Crumbs, Golden Raisins

Arancini 7
Arborio Rice, Fontina, Parmesan, Marinara

Duck Liver Pate 9
Apple Butter, Crostini, Pickled Vegetable

Ravioli del Plin* 18
Smoked Turkey, Mortadella,* 
Potato, Ricotta, Parmesan Cream, Charred Green Tomato Sauce

BBC Braised Lamb Ragu 20
Housemade Fettuccine, Peperonata, Olives, Pecorino Romano

Come and spend your Saturday night where everyone knows your name!, Winter treats to try @ Tavolo: pasta w/ sausage & kale, anything w/ Meyer lemons, blue cheese butter on steak, pear pizza, Madeira mushrooms, TONIGHTS' FEATURES!!

Brussel Sprouts* 5
Prosciutto, Lemon, Chile,
Bread Crumbs

Roasted Cauliflower* 5
Pinenuts, Bread Crumbs,
Golden Raisins

Arancini 7
Arborio Rice, Fontina, 
Parmesan, Marinara

Duck Liver Pate 9
Apple Butter, Crostini,
Pickled Vegetable

Ravioli Del Plin* 18
Smoked Turkey, Mortadella,* 
Potato, Ricotta, Parmesan Cream, 
Charred Green Tomato Sauce

BBC Braised Lamb Ragu 20
Housemade Fettuccine, Peperonata,
Olives, Pecorino Romano

Porcini Dusted Scallops 24
Multi-Grain Crespelle, 
Eggplant Caviar, Grapefruit Butter, Gift Cards are now available to purchase on our websites! Visit TAVOLOPIZZA.COM to buy one today online and we'll send it out to you at home!

Same offer applies for the Ashmont Grill too! Visit ASHMONTGRILL.COM today!, Gift Cards are now available to purchase on our websites! Visit TAVOLOPIZZA.COM to buy one today online and we'll send it out to you at home!

Same offer applies for the Ashmont Grill too! Visit ASHMONTGRILL.COM today!, Tonight's Features!

Roasted Cauliflower* 5
Pinenuts, Bread Crumbs, Golden Raisins

Brussel Sprouts* 5
Prosciutto, Lemon, Chile, Bread Crumbs

Duck Liver Pate 9
Apple Butter, Crostini, Pickled Vegetable

BBC Braised Lamb Ragu 20
Housemade Fettuccine, Peperonata, Olives, Pecorino Romano

Porcini Dusted Scallops 24
Multi-Grain Crespelle, Eggplant Caviar, Grapefruit Butter

See you tonight!, Cooking Class for Couples coming up on Feb 16.  You both learn to cook lamb, beet ravioli & more, plus lunch with wine, all for just $120., Get out of the cold and warm up at Tavolo tonight!!

Tonights Features Include:

Coca Vino 10
2010 Melini Chianti, 
Coca Cola, Served Over Ice

Brussel Sprouts* 5
Prosciutto, Lemon, Chile, Bread Crumbs

Roasted Cauliflower* 5
Pinenuts, Bread Crumbs, Golden Raisins

BBC Braised Lamb Ragu 20
Housemade Fettuccine, Peperonata, Olives, Pecorino Romano

We are also featuring our weekly Region Pasta Tour for Marche!

APPETIZER
Fried Stuffed Olives
Duck Liver Pate, Porcini, Currants

ENTREE
Cannelloni
Smoked Turkey, Mortadella , Herb-Mushroom Sugo

DESSERT
Zabaglione
Red Wine Braised Figs

See you all tonight!, Tavolo enters Year 4 of its fabulous Regional Pasta Tour, a virtual adventure thru Italy for $25, served every Wed. nite from 6 PM on., Tavolo’s weekly Pasta Tour allows you to travel around Italy’s boot on your stomach. 3 authentic recipes for just $25 every Wednesday nite., Bored? Get out of the house and come down and listen to live music tonite with your friends. We’ve got the beer, and we’ve got Ryan Beke., TONIGHT'S FEATURES!

Coca Vino 10
2010 Melini Chianti, 
Coca Cola, Served Over Ice

Brussel Sprouts* 5
Pancetta, Lemon, Chile, Bread Crumbs

Roasted Cauliflower* 5
Pinenuts, Bread Crumbs, Golden Raisins

Pan Seared Scamorza* 7
Arugula, Red Wine Braised Fig, EVOO, Spicy Nuts

Baked Stuffed Eggplant 16
Farro, Barley, Millet, Oregano, Braised Tomato, Mozzarella

Eggplant Spinach Ravioli 18
Lemon, Charred Green Tomato Sauce

BBC Braised Lamb Ragu 20
Housemade Fettuccine, Peperonata,  Olives, Pecorino Romano, You never know who acoustic guitarist Ryan Beke will bring with him when he plays in the Tavolo lounge on Tuesday nights. Are you up for a surprise?, Tonights Features!

Brussel Sprouts* 5
Pancetta, Lemon, Chile,
Bread Crumbs

Pan Seared Scamorza* 7
Arugula, Red Wine Braised Fig,
EVOO, Spicy Nuts

Duck Liver Pate 9
Apple Butter, Crostini
Pickled Vegetable

Grilled Swordfish 23
Multi- Grain Lemon Risotto,
Roasted Cauliflower, Olive

Eggplant Spinach Ravioli 18
Lemon, Charred Green Tomato Sauce, Happy Birthday, Dr. King.  Celebrate his legacy with a dinner of our selection of housemade pastas and sauces; they are a dream., Happy Sunday!!

Tonight's Features!

Brussel Sprouts* 5
Prosciutto, Lemon, Chile, Bread Crumbs

Pan Seared Scamorza* 7
Arugula, Red Wine Braised Fig, EVOO, Spicy Nuts

Duck Liver Pate 9
Apple Butter, Crostini, Pickled Vegetable

Grilled Swordfish 23
Multi- Grain Lemon Risotto, Roasted Cauliflower, Olive

SUNDAY SUPPER
$22 per person
$10 for children 10 and under

Farm Salad 10
Tomato, Cucumbers, Fennel, Radishes, Radicchio, White Balsamic  

Eggplant Spinach Ravioli 18
Lemon, Charred Green Tomato Sauce

Panna Cotta 7
Poached Pear, Zaletti Cookie, Speaking of grills, Nuno’s really got the hang of our new grill. Put him thru his paces. Order grilled pork chops, sirloin steak, salmon., TONIGHT'S FEATURES!

Brussel Sprouts* 5
Prosciutto, Lemon, Chile, Bread Crumbs

Pan Seared Scamorza* 7
Arugula, Red Wine Braised Fig, EVOO, Spicy Nuts

Duck Liver Pate 9
Apple Butter, Crostini, Pickled Vegetable

Seafood Ravioli 21
Pasta Nero, Salt Cod, Lobster, Charred Green Tomato Sauce

Grilled Swordfish 23
Multi- Grain Lemon Risotto, Roasted Cauliflower, Olive

See you tonight!, OK. OK. You can still lose weight eating Italian,. Just choose fish, soups, salads or grilled items. Eat half and take the leftovers home., TONIGHTS FEATURES!

Brussel Sprouts* 5
Prosciutto, Lemon, Chile, Bread Crumbs

Pan Seared Scamorza* 7
Arugula, Red Wine Braised Fig, EVOO, Spicy Nuts

Seafood Ravioli 21
Pasta Nero, Salt Cod, Lobster,  Charred Green Tomato Sauce

Roasted Leg of Lamb 22
Braised Borlotti Beans, Arugula, Radicchio, Farm Potato

Grilled Swordfish 23
Multi- Grain Lemon Risotto, Roasted Cauliflower Olive

See you tonight!!, TAVOLO'S REGIONAL PASTA TOUR: FRIULI

APPETIZER
Antipasto
Fig, Frico, Prosciutto, Arugula, Balsamic
2011 Roero Arneis, Recit, Piedmont

ENTREE
Barlotti Bean Ragout
Soft Polenta, Faro, Spelt, Barley, Sausage
2011  Chianti, Cetamura, Coltibuono, Sienna 
 
DESSERT
Bread Pudding*
Dried Fruit, Brazil Nut, Pinenut, Panettone
2010 Lambrusco Dolce, Cavicchioli, Italia

Three Courses: 25 per person
Half-Pour Flight of Suggested Wines: 12
Full Pour Flight of Suggested Wines: 24, Tonight's Features!

Seared Sea Scallops 12
Eggplant Cappilletti, Sun Choke Puree, Walnut Pesto

Antipasto 12
Duck Liver Pate, Goose Rillette, 
Apple Butter, Mustard, 
Pickled Vegetable, Crostini

BBC Braised Lamb Ragu 20
Fettuccine, Peperonata, Olives, Brussels Sprouts, Pecorino Romano

Seafood Ravioli 21
Pasta Nero, Salt Cod, Lobster, 
 Charred Green Tomato Sauce

See you tonight!, Tavolo enters Year 4 of its fabulous Regional Pasta Tour, a virtual adventure thru Italy for $25, served every Wed. nite from 6 PM on., Get out of the house and come down and listen to live music tonite with your friends. We’ve got the beer, and we’ve got Ryan Beke., Happy Sunday Everyone! Here is Tonights Features!
See you later!!

Brussels Sprouts 5
Prosciutto, Breadcrumbs

BBC Braised Lamb Ragu 20
Housemade Fettuccine, Peperonata,
Olives, Pecorino Romano

Seafood Ravioli 21
Pasta Nero, Salt Cod, Lobster, 
Charred Green Tomato Sauce 

SUNDAY SUPPER
$22 per person
$10 for children 10 and under

Farm Salad 10
Tomato, Cucumbers, Fennel, Radishes, Radicchio, White Balsamic  

Vegetable Lasagna 18
Béchamel, Spinach, Mushroom

Apple Bread Pudding* 7
Salted Caramel, Whipped Cream, Screw January diets. Now’s the time to enjoy a hot, crusty pizza & glass of red wine.  Choose from 7 varieties, incl. meatball marinara., Tonights Features!

Brussels Sprouts 5
Prosciutto, Breadcrumbs

Antipasto 12
Duck Liver Pate, Goose Rillette, 
Mustard, Pickled Vegatable, Crostini

BBC Braised Lamb Ragu 20
Housemade Fettuccine, Peperonata,
 Olives, Pecorino Romano

Seafood Ravioli 21
Pasta Nero, Salt Cod, Lobster, 
 Charred Green Tomato Sauce

Grilled Braised Veal Breast 21
Eggplant Cappalletti, Brussels Sprouts, Gorgonzola Fonduta, Walnut Pesto

10/20 Seared Scallops 22
SunChoke Puree, Roasted Cauliflower, Grilled Meyer Lemon, Brown Butter

We look forward to seeing you all tonight!, Tavolo is brought to you by the letter C: catering, cooking classes, cocktails, cavatelli  and celebrations (your place or ours)., Tonights Features!

Raspberry Lime Rickey 10
Raspberry Infused Vodka, 
Fresh Lime, Soda

Antipasto 14
Goose Rillette, Winter Truffle Foie Gras, 
Quince, Pickles, Crostini

Sweet Potato Gnochi 17
Speck, Rapini, Gorgonzola Cream

Fettuccine Vongole 17
Housemade Fettuccine, Baby Clams, White Wine, Garlic Butter

BBC Braised Lamb Ragu 20
Housemade Fettuccine, Peperonata,
Turnips, Olives, Pecorino Romano

Seafood Ravioli 21
Pasta Nero, Salt Cod, Lobster, 
 Charred Green Tomato Sauce

Seared Long Island Duck Breast 22
Eggplant Terrine, Umbrian Lentils,
Fig- Marsala Sauce

See You Tonight!!, Tonight's Features!

Raspberry Lime Rickey 10
Raspberry Infused Vodka, 
Fresh Lime, Soda

Broccoli & Chicken Pizza 13
Salsa Besciamella, Four Cheese

Sweet Potato Gnochi 17
Speck, Rapini, Gorgonzola Cream

Seared Long Island Duck Breast 22
Eggplant Terrine, Umbrian Lentils,
Fig- Marsala Sauce, Tavolo enters Year 4 of its fabulous Regional Pasta Tour, a virtual adventure thru Italy for $25, served every Wed. nite from 6 PM on., Tonight's Features!!

Sweet Potato Gnochi 17
Speck, Rapini, Gorgonzola Cream,
Fennel- Walnut Pesto

BBC Braised Lamb Ragu 20
Housemade Fettuccine, Peperonata,
Turnips, Olives, Pecorino Romano

Seafood Ravioli 21
Pasta Nero, Salt Cod, Lobster, 
Cockles, Tomato-Saffron Cream

Seared Duck Breast 22
Eggplant Terrine, Umbrian Lentils,
Fig- Marsala Sauce

Live Music Tonight from Ryan Beke!

See you tonight!, Bored? Get out of the house and come down and listen to live music tonite with your friends. We’ve got the beer, and we’ve got Ryan Beke., Tonights features!

Winter Truffle Foie Gras 14
Quince Puree, Pickles, Brioche

Red Wine Braised Beef Stew 17
Sofrito, Parsnips, Polenta 

Long Island Duck Breast 22
Umbrian Lentils, Spiced Eggplant, 
Fig-Marsala Sauce

Seafood Ravioli 23
Pasta Nero, Salt Cod, Lobster, 
Cockles, Tomato-Saffron Cream

SUNDAY SUPPER
$22 per person
$10 for children 10 and under

Cape Cod Oyster 2
Caviar, Lemon

BBC Braised Lamb Ragu 20
Housemade Fettuccine, Peperonata,
Turnips, Olives, Pecorino

Pear Bread Pudding* 7
Salted Caramel, Whipped Cream

We also have live Jazz tonight!!, Tonight's Features!

Cape Cod Oyster 2
Caviar, Lemon

Brussels Sprouts 5
Prosciutto, Lemon, Bread Crumbs, Chile

Winter Truffle Foie Gras 14
Quince Puree, Pickled Shallots, Brioche

Red Wine Braised Beef Stew 17
Sofrito, Parsnips, Polenta Croutons

BBC Braised Lamb 20
Pappardelle Pasta, Peperonata, Olives, Glazed Turnips, Pecorino Cheese

Seafood Ravioli 23
Pasta Nero, Brandade, Lobster, 
Salt Cod, Tomato-Saffron Cream

Seared Atlantic Halibut 20
Cockles, Chickpeas, Squash, 
Lobster Brodo

Long Island Duck Breast 22
Umbrian Lentils, Brussels Sprouts, 
Fig-Marsala Sauce, Nuno’s booking Saturday pasta classes for January thru March. Get six people together and learn how to make (and pronounce) tagliatelle., Remember, Tavolo is your clubhouse/alternate family room. Use it for upcoming parties or gatherings and feel at ease entertaining in The Dot., Tonights Features

Cape Cod Oyster 2
Caviar, Lemon

Brussels Sprouts 5
Prosciutto, Lemon, Bread Crumbs, Chile

Winter Truffle Foie Gras 14
Quince Puree, Pickled Shallots, Brioche

Red Wine Braised Beef Stew 17
Sofrito, Parsnips, Polenta Croutons

Seared Atlantic Halibut 20
Cockles, Chickpeas, Squash, 
Lobster Brodo

BBC Braised Lamb 20
Pappardelle Pasta, Peperonata, Olives, Glazed Turnips, Pecorino Cheese

Seafood Ravioli 23
Pasta Nero, Brandade, Lobster, 
Salt Cod, Tomato-Saffron Cream, Tonight's Features!!

Cape Cod Oyster 2
Caviar, Lemon

Brussels Sprouts 5
Prosciutto, Lemon, Bread Crumbs

Winter Truffle Foie Gras 14
Quince Puree, Pickled Shallots, Brioche

BBC Braised Lamb 20
Pappardelle Pasta, Peperonata, Olives, Glazed Turnips, Pecorino Cheese

Seared East Coast Halibut 20
Cockles, Chickpeas, Squash, 
Lobster Brodo, We are featuring Val D'Aosta for Tonight's Pasta Tour!

APPETIZER
Bread Soup*
Whole Wheat Bread, Focaccia
Cabbage, Garlic, Parmesan Cheese
2010 Chardonnay, Four Vines, Santa Barbara

ENTREE
Braised Beef Stew
Polenta Croutons, Sofrito, Parsnip, Fontina
2010  Malbec, Zacardi, Mendoza Argentina

DESSERT
Red Wine Poached Pear
Brioche, Whipped Cream
2010 Lambrusco Dolce, Cavicchioli, Italia

Three Courses for just $25 a person!, FEATURES
Cape Cod Oyster 2
Caviar, Lemon

Brussels Sprouts 5
Prosciutto, Lemon, Bread Crumbs

Winter Truffle Foie Gras 14
Quince Puree, Pickled Shallots, Brioche

Grilled Stuffed Veal Breast 21
Saffron Risotto, Beech Mushroom,
Parsnip, Hakurie Turnips

Long Island Duck Breast 20
Umbrian Lentils, Brussels Sprouts, 
Fig-Marsala Sauce

Seared East Coast Halibut 23
Cockles, Chickpeas, Squash, 
Lobster Brodo, Happy New Year!! 

We just opened up the doors for New Year's Dinner!

Tonight's Features!

Cape Cod Oyster 2
Caviar, Lemon

Winter Truffle Foie Gras 14
Quince Puree, Pickled Shallots, Brioche

Short Rib Ravioli 20
Ricotta, Parsnips, Cauliflower, Zucchini, Fried Capers

Lobster Ravioli 20
Pasta Nero, Marscapone, Fennel
 San Marzano, Lobster Cream

Long Island Duck Breast 20
Umbrian Lentils, Baby Bok Choy, 
Fig-Marsala Sauce

Seared East Coast Halibut 23
Cockles, Chickpeas, Squash, 
Lobster Broth

See you soon!, Happy New Year!!! We are open today from 4pm-10pm!!, New Years Eve !!
Monday 31,2012

Cape Cod Oyster 3
Caviar, Lemon

Jonah Crab Cake 12
Spicy Slaw, Piri Piri Aioli

Winter Truffle Foie Gras 14
Quince Puree, Pickled Shallots, Brioche

Lobster Ravioli 23
Pasta Nero, Mascarpone, Fennel
 San Marzano, Lobster Cream

Long Island Duck Breast 23
Umbrian Lentils, Baby Bok Choy, 
Fig-Marsala Sauce

Seared East Coast Halibut 23
Cockles, Chickpeas, Squash, 
Lobster Broth

Roasted Rack of Lamb 23
Polenta, Eggplant Caponata, Lamb Sauce

Red Wine Braised Beef Short Rib 24
Saffron Risotto, Glazed Turnips, Watercress Puree, Tonights Features

Brussels Sprouts 5
Prosciutto, Lemon, Bread Crumbs

Brandade 7
Salt Cod, Potato, Roasted Garlic, Crostini

Grilled Stuffed Veal Breast 21
Polenta, Eggplant Caponatta

Lobster Ravioli 23
Pasta Nero, Marscapone, Fennel
 San Marzano, Lobster Brodo

Red Wine Braised Beef Short Rib 24
Saffron Risotto, Glazed Hakurie Turnips

SUNDAY SUPPER
$22 per person
$10 for children 10 and under

Delicatta Squash Salad 8
Greens, VT Chevre, Beets
Toasted Pinenuts, Pomegranate Vinaigrette

BBC Braised Lamb 20
Peperonata, Olives, Pappardelle, Sheep’s Milk Ricotta

Pear Bread Pudding* 7
Salted Caramel, Whipped Creme, Come watch the Pats game with us at Tavolo this afternoon! We open at 4pm -- just in time for kickoff., Features!!

Brussels Sprouts 5
Prosciutto, Lemon, Bread Crumbs

Brandade 7
Salt Cod, Potato, Roasted Garlic, Crostini

Delicatta Squash Salad 8
Greens, VT Chevre, Beets,Toasted Pinenuts,Pomegranate Vinaigrette

Jonah Crab Cake 12
Spicy Slaw, Piri Piri Aioli

Short Rib Ravioli 20
Ricotta, Parsnips, Hon Shimeji Mushroom, Watercress, Cured Tomato

Lobster Ravioli 23
Pasta Nero, Marscapone, Fennel,San Marzano, Lobster Brodo

Grilled Stuffed Veal Breat 21
Polenta, Eggplant Caponatta

Roasted Rack of Lamb 23
Chickpeas, Squash, Eggplant

Red Wine Braised Beef Short Rib 24
Saffron Risotto, Glazed Hakurie Turnips

See you all tonight!!, Tonight's Features!

Brussels Sprouts 5
Prosciutto, Lemon, Bread Crumbs

Brandade 7
Salt Cod, Potato, Roasted Garlic, Crostini

Delicatta Squash Salad 8
Greens, VT Chevre, Beets
Toasted Pinenuts,
Pomegranate Vinaigrette

Short Rib Ravioli 20
Ricotta, Parsnips, Hon Shimeji Mushroom, Watercress, Cured Tomato

Lobster Ravioli 23
Pasta Nero, Marscapone, Fennel
San Marzano, Lobster Brodo

Grilled Stuffed Veal Breat 21
Polenta, Eggplant Caponatta

Roasted Rack of Lamb 23
Chickpeas, Squash, Eggplant

Red Wine Braised Beef Short Rib 24
Saffron Risotto, Glazed Hakurie Turnips

See you all tonight!!, Tonights Features!!

Brussel Sprouts 5
Prosciutto, Lemon, Bread Crumbs

BBC Braised Lamb 20
Peperonata, Olives, Pappardelle, Sheep’s Milk Ricotta

Roasted Rack of Lamb 23
Chickpeas, Roasted Eggplant, Watercress, Autumn Vegetables

Red Wine Braised Beef Short Rib 24
Saffron Risotto, Roasted Fall Vegetable

See you later!, Twas the night before Christmas Eve, and we are buzzing! Stop by to pick up a last minute gift card -- we're here til 10pm!, Tonight's Features: 

Seafood Chowder 9
Crab, Clams, Cod, Potato, Lobster oil

BBC Braised Lamb 20
Peperonata, Olives, Pappardelle, Sheep’s Milk Ricotta

Roasted Lamb Chops 23
Roasted Vegatables, Polenta, Lamb Sauce

SUNDAY SUPPER
$22 per person
$10 for children 10 and under

Seafood Salad 8
Evoo Poached Salmon & Tuna, Endive, Watercress, Olive Gremolate

Pan Roasted Cod 18
Chick Peas, Autumn Vegetables, Cauliflower, Lobster Brodo

Bread Pudding*
Chocolate, SaltedCaramel, Whipped Cream, How to exalt the humble potato gnocchi: sear it in a hot pan for crisp outside, creamy inside. So simple. So perfect. You gotta try it., Feast of the Seven Fishes
Friday December 21th, 2012
Full Feast $55
(Tax & Gratuity not included)

EVOO Poached Seafood Salad $10
 Tuna, Salmon, Shrimp, Arugula, Pickled Beets, Shaved Fennel, Olive-Caper Gremolata
2010 Orvieto ‘Campogrande’, Italy 8/ 30

Seafood Chowder $9
Crab, Salmon, Clams, Oysters, Mussels, Pancetta, Potato, Leeks, Lobster Oil
2011 Roero Arneis, Recit, Piedmont 9/34

Lobster Fra Diavolo $20
Squid Ink Pasta, Charred Green Tomatoes
2009 Pinot Noir, 24 Knots,  Central Coast, Ca 9/36

Cod 2 Ways $23
Pancetta, Chickpeas, Mushroom Broth
Autumn Vegetables
2008 Valpolicella, Sartori, Italy 9/34

Rum Baba $7
Caramelized Pineapple
2011  Moscato D’Asti, Bera, Piedmont  10/38, Got fish?  We’ll be serving a lot of them all night at our bargain-priced Feast of the Seven Fishes. Call first or walk-in beginning at 5:30., Tonights Features!!

Santa Snow Drift 10
Vanilla Vodka, Baileys, Canton, Ginger Bread Cookie

Braised Lamb Pappardelle 20
Peperonata, Olives, Pecorino, Sheep’s Milk Ricotta

Grilled-Stuffed Veal Breast 20
Saffron Risotto, Glazed Turnips, Pickled Mushrooms

Lobster Fra Diavlo 21
Charred Green Tomato, Fettuccini, Fine Herbs, Chili Flake

Roasted Lamb Rack 23
Cranberry Beans, Confit Turkey, Rabe, Spend $100 in the North End on the annual Italian Feast of the 7 Fishes, or for $55 you can experience this cornupcopia right here. Tomorrow, Putting the final touches on the feast Of Seven fishes menu!!        To make reservation go to our website or call !! Our regular menu will also offered!!, Santa Snow Drift 10
Vanilla Vodka, Baileys, Canton, Ginger Bread Cookie

Duck-Liver Pate 9
Pickled Shallots, Poached Quince, Crostini

Braised Lamb Pappardelle 20
Peperonata, Pecorino, Sheep’s Milk Ricotta

Grilled Yellowfin Tuna 20
Barley, Roasted Cauliflower, Beet-Celery Root Salad, Green Goddess Dressing

Pasta Tour Menu $25 for all three courses!!

MUSHROOM BRODO
Black Winter Truffles, Honshimeji, Beech Mushrooms
Parsnips and Fennel

GRILLED-STUFFED VEAL
Saffron Risotto, Glazed Turnips, Pickled Mushrooms

RICE PUDDING
Cinnamon, Vanilla Bean, Start fasting today if you want to do justice to the Feast of the 7 Fishes, coming Thursday. It is what it says. Just $55 for all 7 of them., Tonight's Features!!

Santa Snow Drift 10
Vanilla Vodka, Baileys, Canton, Ginger Bread Cookie

Kale Soup 8
Chorizo, Potato, White Bean

Short Rib Beef Ravioli 19
Charred Green Tomato, Walnut Gremolata

Grilled Yellowfin Tuna 20
Barley, Roasted Cauliflower, Beet-Celery Root Salad, Green Goddess Dressing

See You Tonight!!, The festivity has kicked in here @ Tavolo, but if you need a boost, come in for a Ginger Sidecar. You’ll soon be crooning Xmas carols., If you can pronounce Giovanni’s Dulce de Leche Stracciatella, then you deserve to try some of this amazing, sweet, textured cold dessert., We’re wrappin’ and clappin’. Free holiday giftwrap service, and live Ashmont Hill Jazz ensemble, all tonite @ Tavolo until 10:00 PM., Wrapping gifts wastes time. Bring ‘em here & let our elves do it. A donation of any size benefits Ashmont Nursery scholarships. Sunday @ 5:30, Tonight's Features!!

Raw Local Oyster 2 
Cocktail Sauce, Lemon

Duck-Liver Pate 9
Pickled Shallots, Poached Quince, Crostini

Short Rib Beef Ravioli 19
Charred Tomato, Walnut Gremolata

Foraged Mushroom Risotto 20
Matsutake, Honey Caps, Black Trumpet, Chanterelle, Saffron, Pecorino

See you tonight!!, Here’s a truly unique holiday party idea: roast suckling pig for six @ our restaurant, with huge antipasti, 2 veggies, pasta, all for just $320., We  are rocking some Awesome specials tonight !! Great Looking yellow fin Tuna ... Foraged Mushroom risotto... More to come See you tonight..., Gluten free but still have your sweet tooth? Try our decadent flourless chocolate-espresso cake with pistachio brittle. Yummy beyond words., Sorry for the inconvenience Tavolo Will Be Closed tonight for A Private Event.. See you tomorrow!!, Are you a fan of meatballs? Tavolo is featured in NECN's Top Top 5 Meatballs video: http://www.necn.com/12/05/12/Top-5-Meatballs/landing_tvd_topfive.html?blockID=810431, Tonight's Features!

Hubbard Squash Soup 8
Pomegranate Crème Fraîche

Duck-Liver Pate 9
Pickled Shallots, Poached Quince, Crostini

Foraged Mushroom Risotto 20
Matsutake, Honey Caps, Black Trumpet, Saffron, Pecorino

See you tonight!!, And, have we mentioned Tavolo Catering? Any item on our menu (and more) is available for pre-order & takeout anytime, but especially now., Join us for Pasta tour tonight we travel to Basilicata ! If you like spicy come On in.. Stuffed pepper with ghost pepper salami, Lobster Fra Diavolo W/ orecchiette pasta, House-made ricotta w/ local honey.., Tonights Features!

Duck-Liver Pate 9
Pickled Shallots, Poached Quince, Crostini

Hubbard Squash Soup 8
Pomegranate Crème Fraîche

Foraged Mushroom Salad 10*
Matsutaki, Honey Caps, Black Trumpet, Hakurie Turnip, Arugula, Pistachio, Citrus Vinaigrette

Short Rib Beef Ravioli 18
Charred Green Tomato, Walnut Gremolata

Seafood Risotto 23
Saffron, Lobster, Clams, Mussels,  Fine Herbs, Consider Tavolo your own neighborhood clubhouse and host your parties here (like everyone else does). Prime dates and times still available., Like pinot noirs from Oregon? Try Sass. It’s sophisticated. It spent time in French oak barrels. It goes for about $10 a pop @Tavolo., SUNDAY SUPPER
$22 per person
$10 for children 10 and under

Macomber Turnip Soup 7
Goose Confit, Pomegranate Crème Fraîche 

Short Rib Beef Ravioli 18
Charred Green Tomato, Walnut Gremolata

Bread Pudding 7*
Figs, Whipped Cream

See you all later at Sunday Supper!, New Italian wines from the coveted 2006 vintage now on the list. Sip the best of Tuscany here in the Dot for $10/gl, or pay more downtown., Tonight's Features!

Raw Local Oyster 2 
Cocktail Sauce, Lemon

Duck-Liver Pate 7
Pickled Shallots, Poached Quice, Crustini

Short Rib Beef Ravioli 18
Charred Tomato, Walnut Gremolata

Braised Lamb Ragu 20
Fettuccini, Kale, Pepperonata, Olives, Pecorino

 Lobster Saffron Risotto 23
Grilled Lobster Tail, Chanterelle Mushrooms, Fine Herbs, Black truffles & Matsutake mushroom !! Come in and get some !!, What fishes? Grilled octopus-chickpea salad, seafood antipasti, lobster lasagna, etc., etc.
No one does the Feast of 7 Fishes like chef Nuno. Courses are available a la carte, Tavolo announces its annual Feast of the Seven Fishes extravaganza, served for $55 p.p. on Fr., Dec. 21. OMG, reserve fast. Crazy good. Courses are available a la carte, Tonight's Features!

Raw Local Oyster 2 
Cocktail Sauce, Lemon

Grilled Clams 10
Grilled Sausage, Garlic Toast 

Short Rib Beef Ravioli 18
Charred Tomato, Walnut Gremolata

Braised Lamb Ragu 20
Fettuccini. Kale, Peppers, Olives, Pecorino

 Lobster Saffron Risotto 23
Grilled Lobster Tail, Chanterelle Mushrooms, Fine Herbs

Everyone gets a special treat tonight! Try a warm Sweet Potato Soup Shooter!, Tavolo announces its annual Feast of the Seven Fishes extravaganza, served for $55 p.p. on Wed., Dec. 21. OMG, reserve fast. Crazy good. Courses are available a la carte, Stop in tonight for our featured menu item!

Braised Lamb Ragu
Fettuccini, Kale, Peppers, Olives, Pecorino

See you tonight!!, Nuno’s crew heads to Cambridge today bringing a holiday feast to Microsoft: homemade wheat lasagna w/ squash & short ribs. Also @ Tavolo, Not only do you get to make pasta you get to eat it too..., Tonight's Features!

Local Beet Terrine 9
Whipped Goat Cheese,
Arugula, Spiced Nuts,
Balsamic Reduction

Macomber Turnip Soup 8
Goose Confit, Herb Oil, Microgreens 

Grilled Littleneck Clams 11
Grilled Sausage, Garlic Bread

Seared Potato Gnocchi 18
Butternut Squash, Citrus Brown
Butter, Sage, Parmesan Cheese

Come in tonight for our Pasta Tour Featuring SARDINIA:

Antipasti
Ghost Pepper Salami, Coppa, Blue Cheese
2009 Pinot Noir, 24 Knots,  Central Coast, Ca

ENTREE
Braised Lamb Ragu
Saffron Fettuccini. Kale, Peppers, Olives, Pecorino
2010  Cabernet Sauvignon, 14 Hands, Washington

DESSERT
Truffles
Hazelnuts, Chocolate

See you tonight!, Tonights' Features!

Local Beet Terrine 9
Whipped Goat Cheese,
Arugula, Spiced Nuts,
Balsamic Reduction

Seared Potato Gnocchi 18
Butternut Squash, Citrus Brown
Butter, Sage, Parmesan Cheese

BBC Braised Lamb 20
Pepperonata, Castelvetrano Olives, House-made Fettuccine

Red Wine Braised Short Rib 23
Crispy Polenta, Broccoli Rabe, Gremolata, Looking for something to do on a snowy day? Schedule a pasta making class with our very own Chef Nuno., Tonight's Features!

Broccoli Rabe 5
Lemon, Garlic, Chili

Local Beet Terrine 9
Whipped Goat Cheese,
Baby Spinach, Spiced Nuts,
Balsamic Reduction

 Seared Potato Gnocchi 18
Butternut Squash, Citrus Brown
Butter, Sage, Parmesan Cheese

Nantucket Bay Scallop 23
Celery Root Puree, Chanterelle Mushrooms, Fried Capers, Citrus Brown Butter

Red Wine Braised Short Rib 23
Saffron Risotto, Wilted Spinach, Tonight's Features!

Broccoli Rabe 5
Lemon, Garlic, Chili

Local Beet Terrine 9
Whipped Goat Cheese,
Baby Spinach, Spiced Nuts,
Balsamic Reduction

 Seared Potato Gnocchi 18
Butternut Squash, Citrus Brown
Butter, Sage, Parmesan Cheese

Nantucket Bay Scallop 23
Celery Root Puree, Roasted Carnival Cauliflower, Chanterelle Mushrooms, Fried Capers, Citrus Brown Butter

Red Wine Braised Short Rib 23
Crispy Polenta, Wilted Spinach, Plan ahead for New Year’s Eve. Tavolo is close to home and oh-so-easy. We want you here with us to ring in the year ahead., Tonight's Features!

Local Beet Terrine 9
Whipped Goat Cheese,Baby Spinach, Spiced Nuts,Balsamic Reduction

Chestnut Soup 8
Chanterelle Mushrooms, Apple

Seared Potato Gnocchi 18
Butternut Squash, Citrus Brown Butter, Sage, Parmesan Cheese, Sicilian white, a gimlet sounds right. Michelob Ultra Lite, our Clementine Cosmo’s white. Don’t fight. Stop in tonite. The vibe’s just right., Tonight's Features!

Local Beet Terrine 9
Whipped Goat Cheese,
Baby Spinach, Spiced Nuts,
Balsamic Reduction

Chestnut Soup 8
Chanterelle Mushrooms, Apple

Seared Potato Gnocchi 18
Butternut Squash, Citrus Brown
Butter, Sage, Parmesan Cheese, Lombardy is one of Italy’s least known regions. Come learn about it (and its food) tonite; 3 courses for $25 @ our ever-popular Pasta Tour., Tonight's Features!

Local Beet Terrine 9
Whipped Goat Cheese,
Baby Spinach, Spiced Nuts,
Balsamic Reduction
 
Chestnut Soup 8
Chanterelle Mushrooms, Apple

Seared Potato Gnocchi 18
Butternut Squash, Citrus Brown
Butter, Sage, Parmesan Cheese

Beef Ravioli 18
Charred Green Tomato Sauce, Slow Braised Tomatoes, Mushrooms, 
Fine Herbs

Grilled Sirloin Steak 25
Mashed Potato, Carrots, Shallots, Red Wine Sauce, Bleu Cheese Butter 

LIVE MUSIC TUESDAY!!, Start your Italian cooking exploration @ Tavolo every Saturday with our private classes/luncheons for six & more. You choose the subject., Time to think holiday parties. Nuno says he’ll make anything your party of 6 or more would like, from prime rib to roast pig to osso buco., TONIGHT'S FEATURES!!

Local Beet Terrine 9
Whipped Goat Cheese, Arugula,
Spiced Nuts, Balsamic Reduction

SUNDAY SUPPER
$22 per person
$10 for children 10 and under

Chestnut Soup 8
Chanterelle Mushrooms, Apple

 Seared Potato Gnocchi 18
Butternut Squash, Citrus Brown Butter, Sage, Parmesan Cheese

Bread Pudding*
Figs, Whipped Cream, Just back from a long day of auto or air travel? Why cook? Nuno’s in the kitchen making good things that you surely deserve. Come collapse., Pineapple Punch 10
Pineapple-Infused Vodka, Fresh Citrus Blend, Cherry Juice, On the Rocks

Broccoli Rabe 5
Lemon, Garlic, Chili

Brussels Sprouts 5
Prosciutto, Lemon, Breadcrumbs

Chestnut Soup 8
Chanterelle Mushrooms, Apple

Langwater Farms Beet Terrine 9
Vermont Goat Cheese, Arugula,
Spiced Nuts, Balsamic Reduction

Nantucket Bay Scallop 23
Fall Vegetable-Hash, Broccoli Puree, Citrus Brown Butter, Call us at 617-822-1918 if you can think ahead to reserve a Date Nite table. Those who don’t are often disappointed come 7:00 or 8:00., Tonight's Features!

Pineapple Punch 10
Pineapple-Infused Vodka, Fresh Citrus Blend, Cherry Juice, On the Rocks

Broccoli Rabe 5
Lemon, Garlic, Chili

Brussels Sprouts 5
Prosciutto, Lemon, Breadcrumbs

Nantucket Bay Scallop 23
Fall Vegetable-Hash, Broccoli Puree, Citrus Brown Butter
             

Grilled Sirloin Steak 25
Mashed Potato, Carrots, Shallots, Red Wine Sauce, Bleu Cheese Butter, Eat light tonight to cancel out all that turkey-induced tryptophan. We’ve got soup, fish and shellfish, salads, antipasti, veggies., Tavolo will be closed today so that our team can enjoy this special holiday with their families and friends. See you back here tomorrow., Tonight: Tuck into our cool Italian Thanksgiving menu @ $25 incl. chestnut soup, fig-stuffed turkey brst, cranberry relish, ricotta cake., TONIGHT'S FEATURES!

Autumn Mojito 10
Bacardi Rum, Fresh Cranberries, Lime, Mint, Simple Syrup

Broccoli Rabe 5
Lemon, Garlic, Chili

Brussels Sprouts 5
Prosciutto, Lemon, Breadcrumbs
  
Grilled Sirloin Steak 25
Mashed Potato, Carrots, Shallots, Red Wine Sauce, Bleu Cheese Butter, Nuno’s still pretty excited about his new grill, so Tavolo’s become a lot more meat-centric. Try our fired-up chops and ribs., TONIGHT'S FEATURES!!

Broccoli Rabe 5
Lemon, Garlic, Chili

Brussels Sprouts 5
Prosciutto, Lemon, Breadcrumbs
             
Lang Water Beet Terrine 9
Vermont Goat Cheese, Arugula,
Spiced Nuts, Balsamic Reduction

 Pasta Vongole 20
Squid Ink Spaghetti, Clams, Slow Braised Tomato, Parsley

Seafood Risotto 23
Crab, Mussels, Lobster, Fine herbs

Nantucket Bay Scallop 23
Broccoli Rabe Puree, Squash Noodles Parsnip chips, Citrus Brown Butter

Grilled Sirloin Steak 25
Mashed Potato, Carrots, Shallots, Red Wine Sauce, Bleu Cheese Butter, Tonight we are rocking some great seafood dishes.. Nantucket bay scallops, Seafood risotto, squid ink pasta with clams.. See you tonight..., Pick a Sunday in 2013. Pick five good buds. Pony up $60 each. Get private class on the Italian food topic of your choice, plus lunch/wine., Our own Ashmont Hill Jazz Group will be playing this coming Sunday, from 6 to 8pm. Come join us for smooth sounds and good eats!
Local Beet Terrine 9
Whipped Goat Cheese, Arugula,
Spiced Nuts, Balsamic Reduction

Grilled Sirloin Steak 25
Mashed Potato, Red Wine Sauce, Carrots, Bleu Cheese Butter 

SUNDAY SUPPER
$22 per person
$10 for children 10 and under

Garden Salad  
Cucumbers, Tomato, Radishes, Radicchio, Fennel, Citrus vinaigrette

Braised Beef Ravioli 18
Charred Tomato Sauce, Mushroom

Bread Pudding*
Apples, Golden Raisins, You could be @ Tavolo today, learning how to make pasta (or butchering or marinara-making). 4 wknd classes avail. in December. 6 person min, TONIGHTS FEATURES!

Broccoli Rabe 5
Lemon, Garlic, Chili

Brussel Sprouts 5
Prosciutto, Lemon, Breadcrumbs
             
Local Beet Terrine 9
Whipped Goat Cheese, Arugula,
Spiced Nuts, Balsamic Reduction

Grilled Beef Skewers 11
Balsamic, Soy, Fonduta, Frisee

Braised Beef Ravioli 18
Charred Tomato Sauce, Mushroom

Fruti di Mare 20
Squid Ink Pasta, Clams, Squash, Pork Belly, Bay Scallops

Seafood Risotto 23
Crab, Mussels, Lobster, White Fish

Nantucket Bay Scallop 23
Fall Vegetables-Pear Hash, Broccoli Puree, Citrus Brown Butter

Grilled Sirloin Steak 25
Mashed Potato, Carrots, Shallots, Red Wine Sauce, Bleu Cheese Butter, Make your big night out a little festive this week with a cocktail, fine wine, apps, entree, the works. Worth the calories to feel so good., TONIGHTS FEATURES!

Broccoli Rabe 5                   Brussel Sprouts 5
Lemon, Garlic,                          Prosciutto,                              
       Chili                               Breadcrumbs     
             
Local Beet Terrine 9
Whipped Goat Cheese, Arugula,
Spiced Nuts, Balsamic Reduction

Grilled Beef Skewers 11
Balsamic, Soy, Fonduta, Frisee

Braised Beef Ravioli 18
Charred Tomato Sauce, Mushroom

Squid Ink Pasta 20
Squash, Noodles, Clams, Parsley

Seafood Risotto 23
Crab, Mussels, Lobster

Whole Roasted Scup 18
Leek Coins, Local Fingerling Potato, 
Fall Vegetables, Fish Brodo

Nantucket Bay Scallop 23
Fall Vegetables, Pear Hash, Citrus Brown Butter

Grilled Sirloin Steak 25
Mashed Potato, Carrots, Shallots, Red Wine Sauce, Bleu Cheese Butter, If your dinner party is 6 people or more, you can call ahead to have Nuno cook up whatever the heck you want to eat. Try us. 617-822-1918., null, TONIGHTS FEATURES!

Pumpkin Martini 10

Vanilla Vodka, Pumpkin Puree, Triple Sec, Bailey’s Irish Cream

Broccoli Rabe 5
Garlic, Chili

Local Beet Terrine 9
Whipped Goat Cheese, Arugula,
Spiced Nuts, Balsamic Reduction

Grilled Beef Skewers 11
Balsamic, Soy, Fonduta, Frisee

Beef Ravioli 18
Charred Tomato Sauce, Mushroom

Whole Roasted Scup 20
Leek Coins, Local Fingerling Potato, 
Fall Vegetables, Fish Brodo

Grilled Sirloin Steak 25
Mashed Potato, Carrots, Shallots, Red Wine Sauce, Bleu Cheese Butter, Nuno’s short ribs are selling like crazy, and soon, we’ll be adding osso buco to the menu. You know you want some, so ask for it., null, Pasta tour tonight !!! pesto Potato Gnocchi, roasted whole fish , pine nut biscotti..  See you tonight!, Nothing rhymes with Liguria, so we can’t get too cute, but we can urge you to come tonight to try Nuno’s spectacular Ligurian meal for $25., Tomorrow’s $25 Regional Pasta Tour features the region of Liguria. Think whole fish, potatoes, pesto. Come anytime. Unique 3-course menu., Tonight's Features!

Pumpkin Martini 10
Vanilla Vodka, Pumpkin Puree, Triple Sec, Bailey's Irish Cream

Broccoli Rabe 5
Garlic, Chili

Local Beet Terrine 9
Whipped Goat Cheese, Arugula,
Spiced Nuts, Balsamic Reduction

Lamb Sausage 18
Fettuccine, Broccoli Rabe, Slow Braised Cherry Tomatoes, Pecorino

Grilled Sirloin Steak 25
Mashed Potato, Red Wine Sauce, Carrots, Bleu Cheese Butter, FEATURES

Pumpkin Martini 10
Vanilla Vodka, Pumpkin Puree,
Triple Sec, Bailey’s Irish Cream
 

Local Beet Terrine 9
Whipped Goat Cheese, Arugula,
Spiced Nuts, Balsamic Reduction

Lamb Sausage 18
Fettuccine, Broccoli Rabe, Slow Braised Cherry Tomatoes, Pecorino

Roasted Half Chicken  18
Barley, Zucchini, Parsnips
Turnips, Chicken Sauce

Grilled Sirloin Steak 25
Mashed Potato, Red Wine Sauce,, What a Pig Party gets: antipasti, roasted whole pig, seasonal sides, and dessert. $65 p.p. excl. tax/tip/alcohol. Includes take home leftovers., Nuno reports that his $65 per person Whole Pig Roast with all the fixin’s is selling briskly. Get 5 friends together for a pig party., Any Saturday now, “TV Diner’s” new format on NECN debuts, with a segment on Tavolo’s meatballs as “comfort food.” Tune in., Great specials tonight.. Red wine Short rib, Seafood risotto with lobster, crab, Mussel's and italin wedding soup... See you soon.., Diners in The Dot are livin’ for the weekend, and you know what? So are we. Stop in and eat with us tonite., Come in and stay warm with us tonight!

Tonight's features!

Pumpkin Martini 10
Vanilla Vodka, Pumpkin Puree,
Triple Sec, Bailey’s Irish Cream

Italian Wedding Soup 8
Turkey Sausage, Kale, Parmesan 

Local Beet Terrine 9
Whipped Goat Cheese, Arugula,
Spiced Nuts, Balsamic Reduction

Lamb Sausage 18
Fettuccine, Broccoli Rabe, Pecorino

Lamb 2Ways 25
Grilled Rib Chops, Braised Lamb Bundle, Farro, Delicatta Squash, Sunflower Seed-Apricot Gremolatta, Lamb Sauce

Grilled Sirloin Steak 25
Mashed Potato, Red Wine Sauce, Carrots, Bleu Cheese Butter, What the freak is frico? If you haven’t yet tried our crispy cheese discs over potato-onion pancakes, you must. Try ‘em tonite and freak out., Tonight's Pasta Tour we are headed to Sicily where they have a sausage festival!!! Wedding soup with turkey sausage, Lamb Sausage with fettuccine & broccoli rabe, and apple and dried fruit cigars... Hope to see you tonight!!, Democrat or Republican.  Ya gotta vote today. And ya gotta eat today. Tavolo’s here for sustenance before or after your trip to the polls., Blackboard Specials November 5th

Pumpkin Martini 10
Vanilla Vodka, Pumpkin Puree,
Triple Sec, Bailey’s Irish Cream

Local Beet Terrine 9
Whipped Goat Cheese, Arugula,
Spiced Nuts, Balsamic Reduction

Lamb 2Ways 25
Grilled Rib Chops, Braised Lamb Bundle, Farro, Delicatta Squash, Sunflower Seed-Apricot Gremolatta, Lamb Sauce

Grilled Sirloin Steak 25
Mashed Potato, Red Wine Sauce, Carrots, Bleu Cheese Butter, OK. It’s almost time to choose a President. Discuss politics with our bipartisan bartender over a strong drink; then go home and think., Many thanks for liking our new page, have you tried our sister restaurant Ashmont Grill yet? did you like their Page?, $22 for Sunday supper tonite @ Tavolo. Hey, it’s a Patriots bye week, so you can pay attention to a Beet Terrine, not a Belicheck., It’s Date Night. Bring your sweet thing to Tavolo for a good time, but be sure to call us first to reserve your table, or risk a shut-out., Historic nite of food from top chefs @ BU on Nov. 7, incl. chef Douglass, to benefit its gastronomy program & toast Julia Child’s 100th., Thanksgiving has come early to Tavolo this year! Prepping for a turkey cooking class this morning., We can & will reserve a table if you call us Friday nite. 822-1918. Be sure to order a Red Line: raspberry vodka, meyer lemon, ginger ale., Red wine Short rib time!!, Tonight's Feature's
Pumpkin Martini 10
Vanilla Vodka, Pumpkin Puree,
Triple Sec, Bailey’s Irish Cream

Red Wine Poached Pear Salad 8
Greens, Cider Vinaigrette, Spicy Cashews, Fontina Fonduta

Local Beet Terrine 9
Whipped Goat Cheese, Arugula,
Spiced Nuts, Balsamic Reduction

Red Wine Braised Short Rib 23
Soft Polenta, Roasted Root Vegetables, Sugar Snap Peas

 Lamb 2Ways 25
Grilled Rib Chops, Braised Lamb Bundle, Barley, Delicatta Squash, Sunflower Seed-Apricot Gremolatta, Lamb Sauce

Grilled Sirloin Steak 25
Mashed Potato, Red Wine Sauce, Carrots, Bleu Cheese Butter, Nothing says late fall like fat, maple-glazed, local pork chops with our own apple butter. Ours comes over polenta with spicy greens, $18., Tonight's Features!!

Red Wine Poached Pear Salad 8
Greens, Cider Vinaigrette, Spicy Cashews, Fontina Fonduta

Local Beet Terrine 9
Whipped Goat Cheese, Arugula,
Spiced Nuts, Balsamic Reduction

Lamb 2Ways 25
Grilled Rib Chops, Braised Lamb Bundle, Farro, Delicatta Squash, Sunflower Seed-Apricot Gremolatta, Lamb Sauce

Grilled Sirloin Steak 25
Mashed Potato, Red Wine Sauce, Carrots, Bleu Cheese Butter, Lamb Two Ways (braised and grilled) for just $25 with farro, squash, sauce. What a yummy way to wrap up the work week., Tonight's Pasta Tour Menu.
APPETIZER
House- Cured Duck Prosciutto
Grilled Radicchio, Bagna Cauda
2009 Valpolicella, Santori, Veneto

ENTREE
Midnight Black Squid Ink Polenta 
Grilled Tuna, Slow Braised Cherry Tomatoes, Arugula Puree
2010 Pino & Toi, Maculan, Veneto

DESSERT
Zeppoli
Fried Dough
2010 Moscato, Dinderello, Veneto

 
Three Courses: 25 per person
Half-Pour Flight of Suggested Wines: 8
Full Pour Flight of Suggested Wines: 16, Tonight's Feature's:
Red Wine Poached Pear Salad 8
Greens, Cider Vinaigrette, Spicy Cashews, Fontina Fonduta

Local Beet Terrine 9
Whipped Goat Cheese, Arugula,
Spiced Nuts, Balsamic Reduction

 Lamb 2Ways 25
Grilled Rib Chops, Braised Lamb Bundle, Farro, Delicatta Squash, Sunflower Seed-Apricot Gremolatta, Lamb Sauce

Grilled Sirloin Steak 25
Mashed Potato, Red Wine Sauce, Carrots, Bleu Cheese Butter, We are Closed due to the storm.. Sorry for the inconvenience..., Our first wedding at Tavolo was tonight! Congrats to Susan & Zack, and thank you for letting us be part of your very special celebration!, We are closed this evening for a private event. See you Monday!, Tonight's Features!!
Pumpkin Martini 10
Vanilla Vodka, Pumpkin Puree,
Triple Sec, Bailey’s Irish Cream

Lentil Soup 8
Chick Peas, Pork Broth, Fine Herbs 

Red Wine Poached Pear Salad 8
Greens, Celery Root, Cider Vinaigrette, Spicy Cashews, Fontina Fonduta

Local Beet Terrine 9
Whipped Goat Cheese, Arugula,
Spiced Nuts, Balsamic Reduction

Marinated Beef Skewers 9
Fontina Fonduta, Arugula 

Lamb 2Ways 25
Grilled Rib Chops, Braised Lamb Bundle, Farro, Delicatta Squash, Sunflower Seed-Apricot Gremolatta, Lamb Sauce

Grilled Sirloin Steak 25
Mashed Potato, Red Wine Sauce, Carrots, Bleu Cheese Butter, Tonight's Features!!

Pumpkin Martini 10
Vanilla Vodka, Pumpkin Puree,
Triple Sec, Bailey’s Irish Cream

Lentil Soup 8
Chick peas, Pork Broth, Fine Herbs 

Local Beet Terrine 9
Whipped Goat Cheese, Arugula,
Spiced Nuts, Balsamic Reduction

Marinated Beef Skewers 9
Fontina Fonduta, Arugula 

Pork 2 Ways 12
Braised Pork Belly, Shredded Rib, Apple, Celery Root, Frisée, Cider Vinaigrette

Lamb 2Ways 25
Grilled Rib Chops, Braised Lamb Bundle, Farro, Delicatta Squash, Sunflower Seed-Apricot Gremolatta, Lamb Sauce

Grilled Sirloin Steak 25
Mashed Potato, Red Wine Sauce, Carrots, Bleu Cheese Butter, Rolling out some new feature's tonight!!  Marinated beef skewers with fontina  fonduta, Beer braised pork belly, Lamb two ways rib and braised, and also add some new wines to our list !!, Tonite it’s Feta di Pommes, an Italian apple festival celebrated in late October w/
creative uses for this versatile fruit in every dish. $25, Tnoghts Pasta Tour Menu..
APPETIZER
Frisee and Red Wine Poached Pear Salad
Spicy Cashews
 
ENTREE
Whole Wheat Lasagna
Braised Beef, Swiss Chard
 
DESSERT
Stuffed Honey Apple Crisp
Walnuts, Oats, Caramel, Tonight  Feature's

Pumpkin Martini 10
Vanilla Vodka, Pumpkin Puree,
Triple Sec, Bailey’s Irish Cream

Lentil Soup  8
Chick peas, Pork Broth, Fine herbs 

Local Beet Terrine 9
Whipped Goat Cheese, Arugula,
Spiced Nuts, Balsamic Reduction

Vegetarian Ravioli 17
Ricotta, Charred Green Tomato Sauce

BBC Braised Lamb 20
Fresh Fettucine, Pepperonata, Olives

Grilled Sirloin Steak 25
Mashed Potato, Red Wine Sauce, Carrots, Bleu Cheese Butter, Pasta Tour goes to Val d’Aosta tomorrow, where they hold an annual apple
festival. Chef Nuno’s $25 menu will be wild with pomme (apples)., Take the sting out of Monday tonight. Meet a friend or two for wine @ the bar, eat
fresh fish, and end your feast with scoop of gelato., Tonight's Sunday Supper:

$22 per person
$10 for children 10 and under

Lentil Soup

Vegetarian Ravioli 
Ricotta, Charred Green Tomato Sauce

Bread Pudding*
Apples, Golden Raisins, If there’s football on TV, it’s showing at the bar today, and the scores go down
alot better with a hot panini in your hand., It’s harvest time, and local farmers are giving us lovely veggies, so order a
healthy side dish with your meal tonight, just $4-5 more., We are open for lunch !! Come check out Brian's Photo's, Tonight's Features:

Hot Toddy 10
Local Cider, Canton Ginger,
Makers Mark Bourbon

Local Beet Terrine 9
Whipped Goat Cheese, Arugula,
Spiced Nuts, Balsamic Reduction

Vegetarian Ravioli 17
Greens, Lemon, Ricotta,
Charred Green Tomato Sauce

Lobster Risotto 18
Delicata Squash,
Fine Herbs, Mussels

BBC Braised Lamb 20
Housemade Fettucine,
Pepperonata, Olives, Kale

Grilled Sirloin Steak 25
Mashed Potato, Red Wine Sauce,
Bleu Cheese Butter, Carrots, Make Fridays a Pizza Night tradition. Sure, we want you to try all chef Nuno’s innovations, but there’s always 6-7 pizzas to choose from., Gimme alotta Chicken Piccata. Pretend I’m in Brussels, gimme mussels. Don’t make a dent-a in my polenta. Nuno’s pork belly turns me to jelly., null, we are pleased to be part of @GoLocalBoston and #DorchesterOpenStudios! come see (buy) Brian's great photos on Sunday..., Pasta tour tonight !! We are in Umbria.. Lentil Soup, Pappardelle pasta with Mushroom Ragu & truffle oi, Olive oil ice cream & chocolate dipped biscotti !!, Getting ready for pig roast for 6ppl, null, Tonight's Features:

Local Beet Terrine 9
Whipped Goat Cheese, Arugula,
Spiced Nuts, Balsamic Reduction

Seared  Gnocchi 16
Delicatta Squash, Tatsoi, Arugula Pesto,
Orange-Brown Butter, Pine Nuts, Sage

Cioppino 19
Pollock, Clams, Mussels, Shrimp

BBC Braised Lamb 20
Housemade Fettucine,
Pepperonata, Olives, Kale

Grilled Sirloin Steak 25
Mashed Potato, Red Wine Sauce,
 Bleu Cheese Butter, Carrots, We've reached 200 likes! welcome new Page 'likers' as we consolidate our facebook presence to eliminate confusion - thanks for bearing with us!, Tonight's Features:

Local Beet Terrine 9
Whipped Goat Cheese, Arugula,
Spiced Nuts, Balsamic Reduction

Seared Gnocchi 16
Delicatta Squash, Tatsoi, Sage,
Orange-Brown Butter, Pine Nuts

Cioppino 19
Pollack, Clams, Mussels, Shrimp

BBC Braised Lamb 20
Housemade Fettucine,
Pepperonata, Olives, Kale

Grilled Sirloin Steak 25
Mashed Potato, Red Wine Sauce,
Bleu Cheese Butter, Carrots, We came, we saw, we rocked inauguration night!  Thanks to all that came and to DJ Mary Alice for some great tunes!)