List(UA's Winning Ways! A special congratulations to UA electrical engineering graduate student Mostak Mohammed! 

Mostak won the Best Presentation Award at the Applied Power Electronics Conference hosted this month in Long Beach, Calif., by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers.

Mohammed’s presentation, titled “Core Design for Better Misalignment Tolerance for Wireless Charging of HEV” introduces an innovative way to reliably transfer wireless power to an HEV vehicle with minimum energy loss. His co-author and advisor is Dr. Seungdeog Choi, an assistant professor in the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering.

Pictured with Mohammed, third from left, are other graduate students in UA’s Advanced Energy Conversion Lab. They are, from left, Sai Sudheer Reddy Bonthu, Moinul Haque, Zakirul Islam, Akm Arafat and Joseph Herbert. The advisor of the lab is Choi., null, Congratulations to The University of Akron’s Department of Student Life on receiving the Outstanding Service Project of the Year Award!

The award was given by the Association of College Unions International at the organization’s conference in New Orleans last week. UA was recognized for its 2015 Hunger and Homelessness Awareness Week. The week is held annually each November.

To learn more on this special honor: http://share.uakron.edu/mailAll/Digest/article/1223363, “Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the White House” “ is the theme for this Thursday's John S. Knight Lecture featuring famed journalists Carl Bernstein and P.J. O’Rourke. 

For more information on the event at E.J. Thomas Performing Arts Hall:
http://www.uakron.edu/im/news/famed-journalists-carl-bernstein-and-p-j-o-rourke-are-latest-knight-lecturers/, A total of 90 Zips spent their spring break volunteering 3,056 hours with three diverse non-profit organizations in Georgia, North Carolina, and Florida. The program "alternative spring break," was organized through the Department of Student Life’s service office, serveAkron. 

Here is a recap of their amazing experience! 
https://storify.com/serveAkron/alternative-spring-break-2016, Did you know!? 78% of our Spring 2015 graduates have careers in their chosen field!, UA corrects article about enrollment, UA alumnus Is Ice Carving World Champion!

At UA’s IceFest and at other events throughout the year, Aaron Costic ’91, is a familiar figure. Now, he is the Ice Carving World Champion. Costic competed this month with Jim Duggan in his 25th World Championships, held this year in Fairbanks, Alaska.

Costic’s sculpture, titled “Concentration,” placed first out of 50 teams and scored 99 points, the most ever scored in an ice carving competition. “Concentration” was carved from a 7,000-pound block of ice by Costic and Duggan over three days.

Costic is the owner of Elegant Ice Creations in Broadview Heights., Food, income and shelter — all from foam ‘bricks’. UA team finds success in Dubai in annual Hult Prize competition, Happy Monday and Happy Spring Break from all of us at UA! We're excited to welcome to campus all of our new Zips for orientation! Welcome to the Zips family! #GenerationZ, null, 🍀 #BeatTheBisons Akron Zips Women's Basketball hosts Bucknell in WNIT Opening Round tonight at JAR!  Game time is 7 pm. Let's Go Zips! 🍀, UA JazzFest Kicks off tonight at 7:30 pm in Guzzetta Recital Hall. For more information, go to http://www.uakron.edu/music/jazzfest.dot, Time to #BeatTheBucks! There will be a bus trip for students wishing to attend the Akron vs. Ohio State game Tuesday.

DETAILS:

Cost is $20.00 (Cash Only)

Head to UA Ticket office at InfoCision Stadium to claim your voucher. Ticket office opens at 8 am. Voucher includes Bus Ride, Ticket, and Food.
 
Spots are limited and are first come, first serve. Bus will leave at 3:30 pm from JAR.
 
**Students who wish to travel to Columbus on their own can purchase tickets from The University of Akron's C.P. and Cornelia S. Chima Athletics Ticket Office located at InfoCision Stadium., The Zips men's basketball team came up short Saturday night and have been selected to play in the NIT. The Zips will travel to Columbus to battle the Ohio State Buckeyes in the first round tomorrow, Tuesday, March 15. The game, which will air live on ESPN, will tip off at 7 pm. #BeatTheBucks, Good Luck to @ZipsMBB in the MAC Tournament Championship Game! Beat those Bulls!  Tip off at 7:30p @TheQArena! Watch it on ESPN2!, The Zips advance to the MAC Championship game for the 8th time in the last 10 years!  Game time 7:30 pm! 

Join us at "The Corner Alley" The Official Pre-game Location of the Akron Zips!, It's #ZipsGameday in Cleveland! The Zips will take on BGSU this evening in the MAC tournament semifinals at the Q. Tip-off is at 6:30. #ZipsUnite #GoZips, Go Zips!, If you're a fan of a cappella, Pitch Perfect or The Sing Off, you'll want to take part in this unique workshop with Deke Sharon! Join a cappella groups Kanga Blue a cappella, UA Nuance, and Rhythm & Roos Acappella this Saturday, March 12. Free and open to the public!, We ❤️ this new video! Do you recognize any of these Zips? #PowerofMany, Outstanding! Go Zips!, UPDATE: Heat is returning to most buildings across campus this afternoon as the boilers in UA's Energy Center come back online. The boilers were shut down yesterday following a leak to a steam line near Rhodes Arena.

Heat and hot water will be out for a longer period in the Rec Center and Ocasek Natatorium. Both buildings will be open regular hours. Temporary heating is in place., A proposal written by five UA students has been selected as one of three winners of the NASA - National Aeronautics and Space Administration Textile Test Methods Challenge!, UPDATE: Heat is returning to most buildings across campus this afternoon as the boilers in UA's Energy Center come back online. The boilers were shut down yesterday following a leak to a steam line near Rhodes Arena.

Heat and hot water will be out for a longer period in the Rec Center and Ocasek Natatorium. Both buildings will be open regular hours. Temporary heating is in place.

ORIGINAL POST: Coming to campus today? Dress warmly, as some buildings are without heat. It's expected to be restored this afternoon. All classes and events still on., Events and classes will be held tonight as scheduled even though a broken steam line has cut heat to about 40 buildings on campus. Physical Facilities staff expect heat to be restored over the next four hours.

The Rec Center and Ocasek Natatorium will be without heat or hot water for a longer period, but both buildings are open now and all events and classes are still on.

If you have class tonight, you are encouraged to dress in warmer clothing.

We will share more information as it becomes available., The University of Akron School of Dance, Theatre, and Arts Administration's professor Adel Migid has designed sets at UA for over 35 years. This production of Hedda Gabler marks his 150th UA production. The show is onstage through this Saturday, March 5., Launch Week for The EX[L] center begins today! Check out the event schedule and stream live if you can't attend in person., Our final Game-Changer Award recipient is Alexandria LeBay. She'll be recognized at tonight's Akron Zips Men's Basketball game.

Alexandria is a University of Akron Honors student pursuing a degree in secondary education in Integrated Language Arts. She is also an accomplished dancer pursing a dance minor and will perform later this month at the Akron Civic Theatre in Neos Dance Theater’s “A Knight’s Night.” She volunteers with the Boys and Girls Club and loves to travel. She’s been on mission trips to Ecuador, Germany and Ghana and is making plans to study abroad through Veritas Christian Study Abroad next semester.

Learn more about the Game-Changer Award and recipients: http://ow.ly/XBoEf, Launch week begins tomorrow for The EXL Center!, It's day 2 of #ZipsTakingCare Week. What's your favorite way to take care of yourself physically?

a. Working out at The University of Akron Student Recreation and Wellness Center
b. Fitness classes
c. Taking a walk or hike outside
d. _________________

Participate in power yoga, zumba and health screenings at today's events: http://ow.ly/YTe5H, Congrats to Akron Zips Women's Swimming and Diving! 🏆 #ZipsOnTheMove, Join The Counseling and Testing Center for Taking Care Week! Participate on social media or in person at a daily event. Today's question: What are three things you are grateful for today? #ZipsTakingCare, Congrats to our latest Game-Changer, Stephanie Halle!

Stephanie is a University of Akron Honors student studying to become an early childhood educator and intervention specialist with a minor in public relations. She takes advantage of every opportunity to learn that comes her way. Stephanie recently returned from Haiti where she studied Bloom’s taxonomy for her Honors project and will present teacher workshops to share her findings. 

Learn more about the Game-Changer Award and recipients: http://ow.ly/XBoEf, UA students, want to win free tuition? Here's how: http://ow.ly/YNz6r, The one in the middle is our favorite!, Volunteers needed for the Time Warner Cable Akron Regional Science Olympiad, hosted on our campus March 12. Sign up at the link if you can help!, Break a leg to the cast and crew of The University of Akron School of Dance, Theatre, and Arts Administration's Hedda Gabler! Performances begin tonight and run through March 5., So proud of our Speech & Debate team! #ZipsOnTheMove, Go Zips!, UA’s Mortar Board Honor Society will host the first ever I.N.S.P.I.R.E. Awards on Thursday, April 21, at 7 p.m. The awards will recognize the best of faculty for their respective colleges, best overall faculty of The University of Akron, and will reward the Heart award to a faculty member whom has attributed time, energy, and passion to student success.

Faculty, staff and current students are encouraged to nominate a deserving candidate here: http://ow.ly/YEK2I, null, The College of Polymer Science and Polymer Engineering is now on Facebook! Give them a "like" and check out the new page here: https://www.facebook.com/UACPSPE, “Although it is beneficial to study the field that you aim to have a career in, I also think that to have a full appreciation of our world, it is necessary to understand and value the importance of arts, sciences and cultures. My Akron Experience is one that shaped me into a multi-faceted, life-long learner.”, Congratulations to these The University of Akron School of Law students!, Best wishes to both Rhythm & Roos Acappella and UA Nuance, who are competing in the Varsity Vocals International Championship of Collegiate A Cappella quarterfinals today!, Career Fairs begin next week!, For the 20th consecutive year, The University of Akron’s Mary Schiller Myers School of Art in-house student design team, Design x Nine, has been honored by the Advertising Federation of Greater Ohio for its creations., Another great reason to attend these upcoming Akron Zips Men's Basketball games!, Eat pizza and help support Akron-Canton Regional Foodbank at this event, sponsored by UA's Interfraternity Council. 🍕🍕🍕🍕, Thanks to Steve Kaufman (@steveekaufman on Twitter) for this great shot of Buchtel Hall on this snowy day!, Highlight's from this weekend's Zips For St. Jude 2016 Main Event! Thanks to all the participants, whose efforts have raised over $300,000 in donations since beginning on the UA campus 10 years ago., The Student-Athlete Advisory Committee has a variety of activities planned for Mental Health Awareness Week, Feb. 15-19., Happy Valentine's Day! Share these custom UA valentines with the Zip in your life. 💗#ForeverAZip, When snow comes to Akron, our campus transforms into a winter wonderland! Here are a few photos we found on Instagram from our students and community. Make sure to follow us @uakron!, Zippy's on the hunt for her perfect Valentine's Day date!, We are hosting this free event on Sunday, 2/14 for anyone who would like assistance with completing the FAFSA. Open to both current and prospective students at any institution., null, Looks like someone is looking for a date! Could you be Zippy's valentine?, A recent service trip to Haiti allowed these UA students the chance to mentor students at Danita’s Orphanage — a home, school and church for children., Congratulations to those students named to the Dean's List and President's List for Fall 2015! If you recognize one of these high-achieving Zips, give them a s/o in the comments!

Dean's List: http://ow.ly/Y0cCF 
President's List: http://ow.ly/Y0cNI 

To qualify, students must be undergraduates enrolled full-time with a qualifying GPA (4.0 for President's List, 3.5-3.99 for Dean's List)., Join us on campus for one of our upcoming events!, Our next Game-Changer is Emily Sebunia! She will be recognized at this evening's Akron Zips Men's Basketball game.

Emily is a University of Akron Honors student pursuing a degree in nursing. She is an action-taker who has held leadership positions in several student organizations, including the Rhythm & Roos a Cappella singing group, Alpha Delta Pi Sorority, and the Panhellenic Council. Emily works as a peer mentor for fellow Honors nursing students, and she gives back to the Akron community through volunteer work. She is passionate about the field of nursing and looks forward to focusing her studies on women’s health in graduate school.

Learn more about the Game-Changer Award and recipients: http://ow.ly/XBoEf, The UA team is made up of Honors College undergraduate students — business majors Peyton Zachrich and Kelsey Jones, bioengineering major Amanda Pinheiro, and MBA candidate Vishal Chaurasia., The naming celebrates the couple’s longtime support and the continued growth of the Honors College., Kyle White was honored for his courageous actions during combat operations in Nuristan Province, Afghanistan., Could Yaardvark be the Uber of outdoor chores?, Happy Friday! We had a great time celebrating Ice Fest this week. Take a look at some of the sculptures created by our talented hospitality management students, faculty and alumni! ❄️, Green High School graduate Allie Stanley fell in love with UA right away. “After the first day, I said, ‘I’m going to like it here,” said Stanley, a Biomedical Engineering and Spanish major at UA., Our next UA Game-Changer Award recipient is Tyler Schwartz. Tyler was recognized at Saturday's Akron Zips Men's Basketball game.

Tyler is a University of Akron student pursuing a degree in electrical engineering technology. He is a Resident Assistant and a member of the Emerging Leaders Program, as well as a member of the AK Rowdies. He has amassed a great deal of hands-on experience in his field by proactively seeking internships every summer since his senior year in high school. His professors describe him as a highly motivated student who shows consistent determination in mastering every topic. He is unafraid to try new things. He is driven to succeed. He is a Game-Changer.

Learn more about the Game-Changer Award and recipients: http://ow.ly/XBoEf, Are you or do you know a high school junior or senior interested in learning more about UA? Registration for this year's Discovering Diversity Day closed tomorrow!, An even faster look at today's #uakronIceFest speed carving finals, featuring Zippy vs. a dragon!, Hospitality management students, faculty and alumni showed off their artistic talents at Ice Fest 2016! This year's event featured a LeBron James sculpture and throne, competitive carving rounds, and multiple sculptures honoring everyone's favorite mascot, Zippy!

Stop by and take a look at these ice sculptures outside the Student Union: on display now until they melt!, Announcing this year's #RethinkingRace line-up, including featured speaker John Quiñones, host of ABC's What Would You Do?, With an arts organization on campus full-time, opportunities abound to provide students from across disciplines, not just fine arts, with experiential learning opportunities — integrated marketing, education, nonprofit administration, law, exercise science, public relations — in areas like creating performance, entrepreneurship and business management., First week of classes is almost finished! We know this will be a great semester, Zips! 

(Photo credit: Patrick Wells, @pattywells15 via Instagram.), #ThrowbackThursday: JAR WARS! 

1980s era Akron Zips Men's Basketball poster. #GoZips!, Happy #SquirrelAppreciationDay! Kinda nuts that this is a thing., A group of Akron Children's Hospital employees is more easily communicating with the Spanish-speaking families they serve these days, thanks to Dr. Parizad Dejbord-Sawan., It's the start of a new semester! Make it great!, Welcome back! In addition to being the first day of spring semester, today is also the grand opening of Chick-fil-A and Panda Express inside the Student Union! You can also get Chick-fil-A inside Polsky. Yum!, The University is closed today in observance of MLK Day. For many, today is not a "day off" but a "day on" as our community participates in a day of service. We welcome today's visitors to campus and look forward to the start of spring semester tomorrow!, Congratulations to Dr. David S. Simmons, assistant professor in the Department of Polymer Engineering, on being awarded a prestigious National Science Foundation CAREER Award., This year's #uakronIceFest will feature a tribute to Zips Basketball — and a LeBron James ice throne!, Go Zips!, Oh, snow! You may be cold, but you're so, so pretty!, The University of Akron has long joined together with the greater Akron community to make the observance of Martin Luther King Jr. Day one that honors the slain civil rights leader as a “day on” rather than a “day off.”, Siri is very wise. #GoZips!, Great shot of campus from one of our students, Mario Micale., Congratulations to Courtney Gras ('13), named one of this year's Forbes 30 Under 30! Courtney is the Cofounder and COO of Design Flux Technologies, which created the world's first software-defined power management system. She credits her selection to the hard work of her team and their collective ability to think outside the box, endure challenges, and break down barriers. Gras also believes the award is a testament to the strong support community within Akron and NE Ohio. She hopes awards like this will inspire others and encourage young students (particularly women) to pursue careers in entrepreneurship. Congrats, Courtney! #30Under30 #ZipsOnTheMove, With its program now nationally recognized, the The University of Akron School of Law is taking the Certificate for Qualification of Employment clinic “on the road” thanks to a grant from the Ohio State Bar Foundation., UA literature professor Patrick Chura is embarking on a unique oral history project., Happy ROO Year!, As we head into a new year, take the time to thank someone who has helped contribute to your success this past semester. Favorite professor? Supportive friend? Inspiring mentor? Thank them in the comments! Happy New Year!, ICYMI: An unexpected medical emergency kept this graduate from attending the ceremony at EJ Thomas. So we brought the ceremony to him! #ForeverAZip, Some rare footage of Akron filmed in 1957 offers a unique look at the city we call home., UA business students help educate young people on financial literacy., Vishal Chaurasia is on a dual career path — to innovate and commercialize the technology he creates., "All I Want for Zipmas Is ROO!" 

Love, Zippy, #TBT: 2014's UA-inspired holiday movie posters! Still hard to pick a favorite 😉, UA will reopen on Monday, January 4th. Have a safe and happy holiday break!, How 'bout that trophy?!, GO ZIPS!!!!!!, It's a WIN! For the 1st time in school history, Akron Zips Football wins a bowl game. So proud, congrats team!, Zips lead at the half!, These spuds are ready for some Akron Zips Football and Famous Idaho Potato Bowl action!, Tomorrow is Blue & Gold Day! Show your support for Akron Zips Football by wearing school colors or your favorite Zips gear. #GoZips!, Congratulations to the Class of 2015! Tag and share these photos with your friends and family to remember this special day. You may have graduated, but you are #ForeverAZip!

Photos cover commencement activities on Friday, December 18 and Saturday, December 19, 2015.

-------
Friday, December 18 at 7 p.m. 

The University of Akron College of Business Administration
The University of Akron College of Engineering
University of Akron College of Health Professions

Guest speaker: Daniel B. Ishee, PPC, president, Ishee Investment Consultants

Student speaker:  Katelyn M. Koser, B.S. in Business Administration, summa cum laude 

-------
Saturday, December 19 at 10 a.m.

Buchtel College of Arts and Sciences
College of Polymer Science and Polymer Engineering

Guest speaker: Russell M. Pry, Summit County executive

Student speaker: Alexander Looney, B.M. in Music, summa cum laude

-------
Saturday, December 19 at 2 p.m.

The University of Akron's College of Applied Science & Technology
The University of Akron LeBron James Family Foundation College of Education
The University of Akron Wayne College

Guest speaker: Daniel M. Horrigan, Akron mayor-elect

Student speaker:  Laura Thompson, B.S. in Computer Information Systems, summa cum laude, Nobody knows the importance of recruiting local talent more than Akron Zips Football head coach Terry Bowden., null, Congratulations to our students who competed in the Rosetta Digital Marketing Competition! Five of the seven finalist teams were made up of UA marketing students, including the winning team! #ZipsOnTheMove, To everyone who graduated this weekend, you are now officially University of Akron Alumni! #ForeverAZip, Congratulations to all of our Fall 2015 graduates! 🎓 #ForeverAZip, Zachary Betscher was all ready for tonight's commencement ceremony when appendicitis struck. So we brought the ceremony to him. 🎓 #ForeverAZip, Lemonade for sale! Or you could help Zippy out by making a donation for Ohio's Pride - University of Akron Marching Band to attend the Famous Idaho Potato Bowl: http://www.helpzippy.com, Join us for a Famous Idaho Potato Bowl Watch Party!, Here's your guide to Akron Zips Football and the Famous Idaho Potato Bowl: http://ow.ly/VZo80, Zippy needs Ohio's Pride - University of Akron Marching Band to help her cheer on Akron Zips Football at the Famous Idaho Potato Bowl! http://www.helpzippy.com, Zippy needs your help! She can't do it alone. Help us send the band to the Famous Idaho Potato Bowl! Contribute at http://www.helpzippy.com, "If I could give one piece of advice to incoming freshmen, it’d be to never underestimate yourself. Apply for the internship that seems out of reach, because you might get it. Take the professor whose class is harder, because you’ll probably learn a little more. It’s okay to be nervous, but don’t doubt your potential because you might miss out on something great."

-Laura Thompson, student speaker at the Fall Commencement ceremony on Saturday, Dec. 19, at 2 p.m. 🎓#ForeverAZip, Thank you to the LeBron James Family Foundation for hosting a holiday celebration for UA employees. 🎄⛄️❄️, "I completed my student teaching internship at Jackson Local Schools in Massillon this past semester... This comprehensive teaching experience was invaluable to my future career in music education and completely reaffirmed my passion for music education. I had the opportunity to learn from and work alongside two incredible, inspirational, successful and passionate music educators. They provided me with a variety of teaching experiences and relevant feedback to help me grow as an educator. Overall, this culminating experience allowed me to cultivate my teaching skills and refine my craft. I simply would not be where I am today without the tutelage, high quality education, support and inspiration of The University of Akron School of Music      professors Ann Usher, Bryan Nichols, Frank Ward, Marie Bucoy-Calavan, Galen Karriker, Laurie Lashbrook and retired professors Laurie Lafferty and Tucker Jolly."

-Alexander Looney, student speaker at the Fall Commencement ceremony on Saturday, Dec. 19, at 10 a.m. 🎓#ForeverAZip, We're so excited that Akron Zips Football is going to the Famous Idaho Potato Bowl! Help us send Ohio's Pride - University of Akron Marching Band to the big game with your donation: http://ow.ly/VYt3P, Santa Zippy spreads holiday cheer, one Zip at a time. Recognize someone in this video? Tag 'em in the comments!, "My Akron Experience was unforgettable. I have been presented with the opportunity to meet a multitude of people, which has been more than beneficial to me as a person. Coming to Akron for school was a great choice because it gave me the chance to have new and diverse experiences. It has been wonderful to have people around me that want me to succeed and will do everything they can to help me along the way."

-Katelyn Kosar, student speaker at the Fall Commencement ceremony on Friday, Dec. 18, at 7 p.m. 🎓#ForeverAZip, Good luck to all students starting finals this week! The Student Union has extended hours and extra activities happening today to make your studying a bit more relaxing., A team of UA students recently took the top prize in a hackathon sponsored by Sherwin-Williams and Kent State University’s entrepreneurship program., Best wishes to all our students as we head into finals week! Check out this list of activities happening at "Study" Union this week., Tonight, Akron Zips Men's Soccer concluded their outstanding season at 18-3-3. We are very proud of our team who fought hard and delivered an exciting season. Thanks for your work and #GoZips!, null, Good luck tonight Akron Zips Men's Soccer!!! ⚽️, A brand new holiday concert for families in the Akron community debuts at E.J. Thomas Hall and UA Events this Sunday! 🎶, If you are reading this, you may have a Facebook dependency., The Battle for the Cup continues tomorrow! Wear your blue and gold on Friday, 12/11 to show support for Akron Zips Men's Soccer., null, Students, the Dept. of Surplus Property is having a one-day sale on Thursday, 12/10 from noon to 8 p.m. If you need inexpensive holiday gifts, stop by and check it out! It's happening in the lower level of Quaker Square, below Zees convenient store., Join us today as we send Akron Zips Men's Soccer off to the College Cup!, University mourns student's passing

We are saddened to report the passing of Zakareia Husein, who was a student here studying international business. He was working in a pizza shop a few miles north of campus on East Glenwood Avenue last night when the shop was robbed.

Friends of Zakareia will remember him as a talented student and as an active member of the Muslim Students Association. The University extends its condolences to Zakareia’s family and friends, and we share in your sadness over such a senseless act.

The death of someone so young is always difficult to accept. We have professionals on campus who can help anyone dealing with grief. You can call the Counseling Center at 330-972-7082 for assistance., Santa Zippy is back! Stop by the Student Union today from noon to 1:30 p.m. to take a photo with everyone's favorite Roo! Santa Zippy will be giving out presents to some lucky Zips who've been extra good this year ;), If you'll be graduating this month, make sure to check out Senior Week! Grad cap decorating, resume/job search/financial advice, and University of Akron Alumni Happy Hour await! 🎓 #ForeverAZip, Thanks so much to Maddie and the other WagTime Therapy Dogs who are visiting campus this week! You help our students stress less during finals. The dogs will be visiting Bierce Library (University Libraries at The University of Akron) every day this week through Friday, noon to 2 p.m., null, The Zips are off to the Famous Idaho Potato Bowl!, More fun spider discoveries from UA researchers!, Akron Zips Men's Soccer fought hard and got the WIN! On to the College Cup, congrats boys! ⚽️, The Quest for the Cup continues today at 4pm! Go Akron Zips Men's Soccer!! ⚽️, A student took this photo of a Roo light box as she explored the Holiday Arts & Crafts Show which kicked off today at E.J. Thomas Hall and UA Events. In its 35th year, the show has become an Akron tradition., Excited for Akron Zips Men's Soccer tomorrow!, Big news! After repeatedly selling-out their previous performance space at Leigh Hall, a cappella group UA Nuance is taking their semiannual concert to the Akron Civic Theatre! The men will perform a wide variety of songs, including oldies, pop songs, holiday music and crowd favorites. 

Students w/ valid Zip Card may purchase a ticket for $5, general admission is $10. Tickets may be purchased at the box office from 10-4pm, M-F or two hours before the concert. You may also purchase by phone at (330) 253-2488 or online: http://ow.ly/VurBU, #ThrowbackThursday: This happy pup stopped by Bierce Library to offer students some stress relief during pre-finals week. Get ready, because the WagTime Therapy Dogs are coming back next week! Check out the schedule and prepare to fall in puppy love: http://ow.ly/VrM9Y, We 💙 TubaChristmas!, Today is World AIDS Day. Join us at today's events to help spread awareness of AIDS, learn ways for prevention, and to honor the survivors and the fallen., Stop by the Student Union from noon to 1:30 p.m. this Wednesday to take a festive photo with everyone's favorite roo! Santa Zippy will be handing out treats and some lucky Zips may get an extra special present., ZIPS WIN! Akron Zips Men's Soccer beats SMU 2-!! Akron advances to the quarterfinal round next Saturday, Dec. 5 @ 4pm #GOZIPS, Cheering on Akron Zips Men's Soccer. Let's go Zips!, Akron Zips Men's Soccer hosts SMU in round 3 of the NCAA Tournament today. Game starts at 4 p.m. #GoZips! ⚽️, Have you registered for Spring 2016 classes? Bring a copy of your schedule to the Student Union Monday-Wednesday from 11 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. and get a free shirt!, null, Our fourth UA Game-Changer Award recipient is Callie Mack. She will be recognized at today's Akron Zips Football game!

Callie was recruited from Mound, Minnesota to play volleyball for the Zips. In addition to being a student athlete, Callie is an Honors student pursuing a degree in Marketing Management. She is also the vice president of Zips for Haiti, a student organization she helped launch after a recent trip to a school in Haiti through the College of Business Administration’s Global Leadership Initiative. Callie has ambitions to create and fund a full scholarship to The University of Akron for a student from the school she visited in Haiti. Callie gained real-world experience as an intern with CH Robinson, a transportation and logistics company in Minnesota, and looks forward to more experiential learning before graduation in May 2017.

Learn more about the Game-Changer Award and recipients: http://ow.ly/UYrVy, We're thankful for all our Zips! Who or what are you thankful for this year?, Looks like Zippy's prepared quite the feast! Happy Thanksgiving (and Go Zips!), Lynn Lalley Wagers ('11) studied respiratory therapy at UA, and today serves as an organ procurement transplant coordinator for Lifebanc in Northeast Ohio. #ZipsOnTheMove, Leaders with The University of Akron’s Black Male Summit today expressed appreciation to AT&T for its continued support of the University’s nationally recognized Black Male Summit and also previewed a lineup of nationally known speakers for the 2016 edition of the event., Akron Zips Men's Soccer win and will advance to the third round of the men's NCAA Championship! Next game is 11/29 at 4 p.m. #GoZips!, Akron Zips Men's Soccer battles Rutgers in the NCAA Tournament today! Good luck Zips! ⚽️, Go Zips!, Congratulations to our 3rd UA Game-Changer Award recipient, Nickolas Gantzler! He will be recognized at today's Akron Zips Football game.

Nickolas is pursuing a double major in physics and applied mathematics. He is the co-president of The University of Akron Chapter of the Society of Physics Students, which holds monthly demonstrations and experiments to encourage an interest in physics. Nickolas is also an undergraduate researcher in Dr. Dordevic’s lab where they study high temperature superconductivity. As a tutor, he is skilled at finding new ways to explain difficult physics concepts to students who might otherwise be afraid of the topic. After graduation, Nickolas has his sights set on a Ph.D. in physics.

Learn more about the Game-Changer Award and recipients: http://ow.ly/UT7OR, Could you change the world with $1 million? The Honors College is creating a team to enter the 2016 Hult Prize challenge. This year's focus is on ways to improve crowded urban spaces. Join us for an information session on Monday, 11/23 at 5:30 p.m. Sign up: http://ow.ly/UT4TK, In need of creative gift ideas? Swing by the Myers School of Art Holiday Shop, featuring jewelry, ceramics, prints, paintings, stationery, journals, cards, ornaments, and many more one-of-a-kind handmade gifts by students and faculty.

Shop hours and more details here: http://ow.ly/URcZo, The University of Akron Dance Company's Fall 2015 Concert opens tonight! Performances run through Sunday. Learn about the production and get tickets: http://ow.ly/UQti3, UA scientists say nature’s phenomenon could lead the way to developing smart adhesives., More than 200 attendees at Saturday's “Inquire! Innovate! Invent!” program were guided by UA students as well as female engineers and scientists, who sought to educate and inspire girls about science and engineering., null, Did you know? The University of Akron School of Law ranked No. 1 in the state of Ohio for first-time takers of the bar exam at 83%? (Feb. 2015), Another win! #GoZips!, Championship game tomorrow! Good luck Akron Zips Men's Soccer!, Go Zips! ⚽️, Trouble sleeping? It could be your highly caffeinated energy drink, according to the findings of UA psychologist Ronald Levant's research team., Happy Veterans Day! As it does each fall, UA will honor servicemembers, past and present, with several events in observance of Veterans Day: http://ow.ly/Uwgwc, Akron Zips Men's Soccer claimed its 18th Mid-American Conference title on Saturday! The Zips will now host the MAC Men's Soccer Championship this weekend, with semifinal play beginning on Friday. 

Students are free, but if you need tickets, here's where to get them: http://ow.ly/UulAx, The Study Abroad Society is hosting an informational Study Abroad Fair for all students interested in traveling, studying, or interning abroad! Join them Monday, 11/9 from 4:30-6:30 p.m. in the Student Union Ballroom C.

Come talk with current UA students who have studied abroad, hear about the benefits of travelling to different regions around the globe, be inspired by stories of adventure abroad, and find a program that is right for you!, Go Zips!, University of Akron researchers are devising a system to deliver drugs through microneedles — created through 3-D printing — to treat skin cancer., They're back! UA pitchmen Willy and Chris share new ways to save money and graduate sooner with the new and improved Finish In Time. Learn more about how to save money by taking at least 15 credits a semester: http://ow.ly/Ukx4q, null, It may feel a bit like summer outside, but the trees tell a different story! 

(Photo by Bayann Alkhalilee via Facebook), The University of Akron School of Dance, Theatre, and Arts Administration's production of Shakespeare's "The Comedy of Errors" opens tomorrow! UA students, faculty and staff are invited to a special free preview tonight at 7:30 pm. For more information and tickets, please visit: http://ow.ly/UeIbj, The Mary Schiller Myers Lecture Series, which brings nationally and internationally acclaimed leaders in the performing and visual arts and communication to UA, is bringing New York-based portrait artist Kehinde Wiley to campus on 11/11., Big congratulations to Akron Zips Women's Soccer for upsetting #1 seeded Ball State in first round of the MAC tournament. The team now advances to the semifinals for the first time in program history! #GoZips, null, Zippy is the queen of Halloween (or should we say, Hall-ROO-ween?). This year, Zippy had twice the fun by dressing up as a Zippysaurus Rex on campus, and a sweet ballerina at the Akron Zips Football game.

In between posing for photos and cheering on the Zips, Zippy even filmed a movie! Watch her in "Juroossic World: Fear the Z-Rex" here: https://www.facebook.com/UniversityofAkron/videos/10153144544861776/, Congratulations to Mylor Acquaah, who will be recognized with the UA Game-Changer Award at today's Akron Zips Football game!

Mylor is originally from Ghana and immigrated to the United States at the age of seven so his mother could pursue her education. By high school he knew he wanted a career in radio broadcasting and was drawn to The University of Akron because it is home to WZIP, the largest student-run radio station in the country. Today, Mylor is a Communication student pursuing a degree in mass media. He is the Director of DJs for WZIP, as well as an on-air personality. According to WZIP General Manager Chris Keppler, Mylor is a leader at WZIP with an infectious positive attitude. He takes charge of his team at WZIP and tends to solve problems before they even arise. Mylor has also contributed to an upcoming documentary by Dr. Kathleen Endres on the history of Edwin Shaw Tuberculosis Sanatorium.

Learn more about the Game-Changer Award winners here: http://ow.ly/U2CbE, A Zippysaurus Rex is on the loose! See this mysterious creature take on The University of Akron campus. Happy Halloween!, Be on the lookout for a mysterious creature known as the Zippysaurus Rex. Created by combining dinosaur and kangaroo DNA, the mighty Z-Rex loves exploring popular campus hotspots. Juroossic World rangers have been on the hunt and have heard that she may be appearing at the Student Union on Friday from 11:30-1pm. She may look adorable, but you should definitely Fear the Z-Rex!, #TBT Zippy's 2014 Halloween costume! This year, Zippy has a brand-new costume and will be showing it off in person on campus today and tomorrow around lunch time. Keep your eyes open for her (we hear she likes to visit the Student Union and Buchtel Common!), UA’s annual Military Appreciation Day will be celebrated during this weekend's Akron Zips Football game, with additional Veterans Day events to follow., Dear Fall, can we be BFFs? 💛💙, Carve your own Zip-o'-lantern with one of these stencils: http://ow.ly/TROwZ 

(Photo via @_LukeDuke on Twitter), Happy Make a Difference Day! 900+ students are volunteering in the community today for this national event., Our school colors may be blue and gold, but our favorite color might be October! 🍂🍃🍁😍 Happy Friday!

Photo collage by UA staff member Lisa Craig., UA has all the pieces it needs to be a national university with an international reach, President Scott L. Scarborough said during his first State of the University Address on Tuesday., Some words of wisdom from Dr. Emmett Brown, in honor of Back to the Future Day!, The new UA ad featuring LeBron James has arrived. Watch now!, Watch the State of the University Address by President Scott Scarborough live online, beginning at 2 p.m. http://ow.ly/TA4kp, A new UA commercial featuring LeBron James will debut tomorrow during the State of the University address. We'll be posting it here too, so make sure to check back! #ZipsOnTheMove, A new student fellowship, awarded to MSM candidate Prachi Shinde, is just one more example of the experiential learning that students within the Taylor Institute for Direct Marketing are engaged in while studying at UA., First Lady Michelle Obama will join LeBron James next week to inspire students to go to college., Happy Friday! 💛💙

Gorgeous photo of the Goodyear Polymer Building, courtesy of Miranda Radesic ('19), Sales Management and Marketing Management major., Congratulations to those students who were named to either the Dean's List or President's List for Summer 2015! If you recognize one of these high-achieving Zips, give them a s/o in the comments!

Dean's List: http://ow.ly/Ts854 
President's List: http://ow.ly/Ts804 

To qualify, students must be undergraduates enrolled full-time with a qualifying GPA (4.0 for President's List, 3.5-3.99 for Dean's List)., We ❤️ campus visitors! Share with the #FutureZip in your life and join us on Saturday, November 7 for our next Fall Visit Day., Author David Sheff will present the 2015 First Year Lecture on Tuesday, Oct. 13 at 7:30 p.m. The "Beautiful Boy" author will share his experience and journey through his son's addiction to drugs.  

This event is free for UA students with valid Zip Card. Tickets for the public are available here: http://ow.ly/TiUSa, Go Zips! Congrats on today's win!, Dr. Morteza Vatani was on the team that won first place at the inaugural Cleveland Medical Hackathon, besting 20 other teams., The pair will present a lecture on hope and courage on Wed. 10/21. Ticket information: http://ow.ly/TbrjB, This procedure could be a game-changer when it comes to preventing limb amputation among injured military members., Congrats to the 2015 Homecoming King & Queen, Erik "Cheeto" Zito and Amanda Pinheiro!

Erik is a senior from Twinsburg, Ohio. He is majoring in Psychology and was nominated by Residence Life & Housing - University of Akron. Throughout his time at UA, Erik has been very involved with the Department of Residence Life and Housing and has taken leadership roles in numerous student organizations.

Amanda is a senior from North Canton, Ohio. She is majoring in Biomedical Engineering and was nominated by the Student Athlete Advisory Council (S.A.A.C). Amanda is a member of and holds leadership positions in numerous student organizations and is a member of Akron Zips Track & Field and Cross Country where she competes in the long jump and triple jump for the Zips.

Thank you to all the members of the 2015 Homecoming Royalty. See the full list from the The University of Akron Department of Student Life and UA Campus Programs: http://ow.ly/T556n, It's Career Fair week!, Isil Nugay's passion for learning and innovating was nurtured during her Ph.D. work at UA, and today is a defining part of her career at Apple. #ForeverAZip, Happy Homecoming! 🏈🍂🎉 #ForeverAZip, Congratulations to Reed Jacobsen, computer engineering and applied mathematics double major and recipient of the first UA Game-Changer Award!

Jacobsen is the lead software engineer for the University of Akron NASA Robotics Team, and he hit the ground running at his recent co-op assignment where he worked on software that predicts how stealth airplanes will react to radar waves at Berrie Hill Research Corporation in Dayton, Ohio. He is co-founder and Chief Technology Officer of Smart Gun Systems, a start-up company inspired by the tragic shooting at Chardon High School. He is currently developing a prototype for the Smart Motion Tag – a device to protect families by alerting firearm owners via a text message if their weapon is being moved or handled.

As the first of eight University of Akron “Game-Changers,” Jacobsen will be recognized at tomorrow’s Zips football game versus Ohio University. The Game-Changer award is presented to University of Akron students who embody the I-won’t-take-no-for-an-answer, roll-up-my-sleeves-and-make-it-happen approach that our career-ready graduates are known for. UA Game-Changers will receive recognition at select Zips football and basketball games throughout the season, and all eight recipients will be presented with a $1,000 prize at the March 4 Akron Zips versus Kent State basketball game., Akron Zips Men's Soccer with the s/o from LeBron James! Great win last night, Zips!!, In honor of Homecoming week, Zippy whipped up one of her favorite tailgating treats: a Bobcat sandwich! What is your must-have tailgating snack?, null, TONIGHT! Akron Zips Men's Soccer is back at FirstEnergy Stadium - Cub Cadet Field for a showdown with Penn State at 7 p.m. Get ready to cheer them to victory, Zips!, The University of Akron today announced that it would begin the hiring process for 55 full-time faculty members – 18 tenure track positions, 33 non-tenure track positions and four open category positions., Homecoming is this weekend! See the full schedule of events, all leading up to Saturday's big game against the Ohio Bobcats. Add "uakron" on Snapchat for more Homecoming fun all week long!, Check out the new "Z" license plate! $25 of every plate purchased supports scholarships: http://ow.ly/SKQpq, The University of Akron School of Law's innovative program is the only one of its kind among U.S. law schools that offers law courses in both Japan and South Korea., Best wishes to anyone participating the in Akron Marathon! If you know a Zip who's taking part today, give them a s/o in the comments!, Students: join USG Akron on October 5 at 3 p.m. for a Town Hall Meeting. Engage with members and ask questions about recent changes at UA. Dr. Scarborough will be the featured guest., Dr. Philip Zimbardo, best-known for his controversial Stanford Prison Experiment, will deliver a lecture on 10/5. Register by 9/30 to attend!, Some exciting news!, Zippy was shaking her tail all over campus today. We had no idea our favorite roo had such great moves!, Hey alumni! Will we see you back on campus for Homecoming on Oct. 3? #ForeverAZip, Pathfinders and game changers take that red stage at TEDxUniversityofAkron to talk about "Breaking the Mold.” on September 29., Congrats to Akron Zips Football on today's WIN! 🏈 Go Zips!, Happy #ZipsGameday! Make sure to sign up for Roo-Wards, the program that rewards students for attending games and interacting with Akron Zips on social media., null, Coming soon!, Know a #FutureZip interested in studying engineering? Share this and encourage him or her to attend our College of Engineering Visit Day!, UA's General Store, located in historic Quaker Square, will be having a 75% Flash Sale on all merchandise Thursday, September 17th from 12-4 p.m. Items included will be comics, novelty items, candy, apparel, toys, University of Akron memorabilia and much more. The General Store is located in Quaker Square across from Zee’s convenient store., With total new freshman enrollment increasing by 3.6% this fall (4,278 students) – and the largest ever Honors College new freshman and total enrollment – The University of Akron is showing several positive enrollment trends, as detailed in the official census report that will be filed with the Ohio Department of Higher Education., "There are no plans to change the name of The University of Akron—now or in the future. Period."

Read the full statement from President Scarborough and Jonathan T. Pavloff: http://ow.ly/SfGGR, Amos Paul Kennedy will present a public lecture tonight and will participate in workshops throughout the week with students., Check out the week-long and daily events happening during Diversity Week: http://ow.ly/Scy2a, Great things happening The University of Akron School of Law!, Go Zips!, Keep an eye out of these new banners outside InfoCision Stadium - Summa Field! Get Akron Zips Football info here: http://www.uakron.edu/football/, Keep an eye out of these new banners outside InfoCision Stadium - Summa Field! Get Akron Zips Football info here: http://www.uakron.edu/football/, Since the 10th anniversary of the Sept. 11, 2001 terrorist attacks that took nearly 3,000 lives at the World Trade Center, the Pentagon and in Shanksville, PA, UA pays tribute to the victims with a somber memorial. The University of Akron Department of Student Life placed close to 300 flags outside the Student Union, with each flag representing 10 of the lives lost that day. #NeverForget, Can't wait to see Ohio's Pride - University of Akron Marching Band take the field this Saturday!, Tune into CNBC's “Make Me A Millionaire Inventor" tonight at 10 p.m. to see UA's Dr. Yang Liu and his invention the "Smart Goggle.", Thanks for the shout-out, LeBron James!, The Akron Zips Football home opener is this Saturday! Get tickets, plan your tailgate and stay for fireworks after the game when the Akron Zips take on Pitt: uakron.edu/football 🏈, Happy Labor Day! The University is closed today, but will resume regular hours tomorrow.

UA Dining Services schedule: http://ow.ly/RNSMM
Roo Express schedule: http://ow.ly/RO0cg, We are so excited to see how Shawn's professional career develops. Best of luck! #ForeverAZip, Info on today's Akron Zips Football season opener., At The University of Akron, Ohio's Polytechnic University, the possibilities are unlimited. Watch our newest ad now., First week is almost in the books! Take a look back at the journey so far, including move-in and New Roo Weekend., The number of incoming first year JD students at The University of Akron School of Law rose 26 percent this fall in comparison with the previous year., Welcome back, Zips! Week one is halfway over. Remember, your future is whatever you make it. So make it a good one!

(Thanks to Brad Boring for the "hover board" skills!), Highlights include a 5.3% increase in new enrolled freshmen compared to last fall and a climb in new freshman average grade point average (GPA) to 3.4, the highest in school history., Some new options coming to The University of Akron Dining Services this fall!, Beautiful weather so far for the first week back!, Welcome back! Make this semester great!, Stop by the Student Union today from 2-4 p.m. for RooFest! RooFest is the University's LARGEST involvement fair, where you can talk to representatives from 100+ student organizations. Which student organizations would you recommend for students looking to get involved?, “I will be eternally grateful for what the faculty, staff, my colleagues and the overall Akron community have provided me. I know that my lifelong education is just beginning.”, As summer winds down, go out and explore nature at the University of Akron Field Station, located within the Bath Nature Preserve. The Field Station is a unit of the Dept. of Biology dedicated to research, education, and service that promotes a better understanding of our relationship with the natural environment. Like them on Facebook!, It's time! #NewRooWeekend kickoff on Coleman Common is happening now! Welcome to campus!, Welcome to campus, Zips! A few highlights from move-in. Make sure to tag yourself!, The incoming Honors College students are quite impressive! Welcome to UA!, Showing off some skills at the end of #AkronMoveIn!, Stop by the Student Union tonight for Union-a-palooza! Tons of activities and freebies throughout three floors. See you there!, A special welcome to our incoming students as we get closer to #NewRooWeekend!, Welcome to campus, Zips! A few highlights from move-in. Make sure to tag yourself!, New Roo Weekend kicks off on Friday, but The University of Akron Department of Student Life has additional activities planned beginning this Thursday! Check it out and learn more about #NewRooWeekend events here: http://ow.ly/RlhC9, null, Congrats Shawn!, Our very own Akron Early College High School made Newsweek's list of America's Top High Schools 2015. Way to go!, Food & fun for the entire family! See the full schedule here: http://ow.ly/Rd3UM #RIZEUP, Tandem Goodyear Blimp sighting over campus today! (Thanks to University of Akron Alumni for the photo), Move-in is upon us! Each year, student volunteers assist residents and their families as they settle in to their new campus homes. Big thanks for all you do! Emerging Leaders will begin move-in today followed by more residents next week., Everything you need to know about #AkronMoveIn.  Thanks Residence Life & Housing - University of Akron!, "That was quite a journey! It has been a pleasure being @uakron and I am extremely thankful to the Professors, the College of Business Administration, and the University of Akron for letting me live this amazing experience. To all the amazing friends I made and all the memories that I will cherish forever, I come out richer than I went in. I'll always be #ForeverAZip #uakron #UA" - graduate Asha Suraj, via Instagram

We collected more photos and tweets from social media and compiled them in our #ForeverAZip graduate slideshow. Check it out here: https://storify.com/uakron/congratulations-grads, null, null, Congratulations to the Class of 2015! Tag and share these photos with your friends and family to remember this special day. You may have graduated, but you are #ForeverAZip!

Photos cover commencement activities on Saturday, August 15, 2015.

-------
10 a.m. 

College of Applied Science & Technology
Buchtel College of Arts and Sciences
The University of Akron College of Engineering
College of Polymer Science and Polymer Engineering

Guest speaker: Lt. Gov. Mary Taylor, ’90 and ’98

Student speaker: Erica Piper, B.F.A. in Dance; B.A. in Dance Education

2 p.m. 
The University of Akron College of Business Administration
LeBron James Family Foundation College of Education
University of Akron College of Health Professions
The University of Akron Wayne College

Guest speaker: State Rep. Nicholas J. Celebrezze, ’00

Student speaker: Frank Laury, B.B.A. in Sales Management, Congrats grads! A few photos from this weekend's Commencement ceremonies, courtesy of University of Akron Alumni.  #ForeverAZip, Happy graduation to the 1,000+ Zips receiving their degrees today! 🎓 #ForeverAZip, The University will fund the scholarships, which will cover tuition and the general services fee for any of the approximately 1,000 at-risk children in Akron Public Schools who are currently involved with the LeBron James Family Foundation and the hundreds more who may join., null, David Delgado’s dissatisfaction with dead-end jobs fueled his determination to pursue an education. Now he’s on his way to becoming Professor Delgado. 🎓 #ForeverAZip, "Don't be afraid, or shy, or think you’re too cool to attend an on-campus event or become a leader for an organization — I promise you will look back and wish you would have done something different. Have fun, learn something new every day and be proud to call yourself a ZIP!" 🎓 #ForeverAZip, Good luck Shawn! #Barber4Bowerman, Happy graduation week, Zips! Make sure to follow University of Akron Alumni once it's official!, "Start your journey at UA by chasing what you love. If you don’t know what that is — keep looking!" 🎓 #ForeverAZip, ICYMI: New National Center for Choreography up and running (and dancing)!, My Akron will be unavailable this Sunday, Aug. 9, from 6 a.m. to noon, for regularly scheduled maintenance., Hey summer grads! Next week is all about you! #ForeverAZip, A team of University of Akron faculty has received $390,000 in National Science Foundation (NSF) funding to design and evaluate waterproof medical adhesives made from soybean oil., null, A resource for getting accurate information about events at UA: http://www.uakron.edu/just-the-facts/, To help students and parents, we have created this page to explain due dates and offer advice., Here is an update on what to expect for this coming season at E.J. Thomas Hall and UA Events. The plan is to have a full season of shows and honor contractual commitments. Please continue to direct questions to ejthomas@uakron.edu., A message from the Akron Beacon Journal editorial board., This Zip started her UA journey at age 11 as part of the Strive Toward Excellence Program. Today, she is working on her doctorate. #ZipsOnTheMove, Karl Rove, former Senior Advisor and Deputy Chief of Staff to President George W. Bush will discuss the upcoming presidential debate, 2016 GOP candidates, and answer your questions at this event on Wed. 8/5. A limited number of tickets are still available!, Opening tonight, The Stanford Prison Experiment tells the story of the famous psychology experiment. Drs. Nicholas and Dorothy Cummings Center for the History of Psychology's Dr. David Baker will be introducing the film at The Nightlight and showing museum artifacts from the original experiment!, The August 8th performance of "Dancing With The Stars" at E.J. Thomas Hall and UA Events will go on as scheduled. Please send questions about future events to ejthomas@uakron.edu., Statement about the future of the University of Akron Press and the Multicultural Center: http://ow.ly/QeNW2, Akron Zips Track & Field and Cross Country's Shawn Barber is one of 3 finalists for the Bowerman Award. The award is the highest individual accolade that can be bestowed upon a collegiate track and field student-athlete and Barber's selection marks the first time a student-athlete from the University of Akron and the Mid-American Conference has been named as a finalist. Vote here: http://ow.ly/Q8Ct0 #Barber4Bowerman, Proceeds from the ticket sales will be shared equally for scholarships at the three sponsoring universities., UA scientists participated in a worldwide study to measure biodiversity. This is what they discovered., Congratulations to Akron Zips Track & Field and Cross Country pole vaulter Sean Barber and sprinter Clayton Murphy. These Zips became gold medalists at the Pan American Games in Toronto this week! #ZipsOnTheMove, Looking for some free, fun entertainment this Sunday?, 10 years ago, the Chihuly Sculpture made its debut outside of the Goodyear Polymer Center. Check out this fun time lapse footage of  the installation! #TBT, Blue sky and beautiful weather around campus today. Can't wait to begin welcoming students back in a few weeks!, Big congratulations to Akron Zips pole vaulter Shawn Barber! He just won gold at the Pan-American Games! #GoZips, Residence Life and Housing just created a brand new Facebook page! Head on over and give them a LIKE!, Soccer pro Kofi Sarkodie explains how he balanced school and a sport while studying biology at UA. #ZipsOnTheMove #ForeverAZip, Did you know? The UA campus is home to the Drs. Nicholas and Dorothy Cummings Center for the History of Psychology, a unique institution that includes a museum of psychology and the Archives of the History of American Psychology. Visitors can check out the simulated shock generator used in Stanley Milgram's studies of obedience, artifacts from the Stanford Prison Experiment by Philip Zimbardo, and other unique exhibits. #ZipsOnTheMove, Our next Summer Visit Day is happening July 24th! This is the perfect way for rising juniors and seniors to start learning about UA., If you've ever painted the rock, you may not have known it was hiding a secret! A gift from the Class of 1880, the rock is engraved with "1880." Students in the Geosciences Club recently restored the rock and the engraving is visible once again...at least until the next paint job 😉 #ThrowbackThursday, Buchtel Hall transforms from winter to summer (or you know, just a typical day in Akron!) #TransformationTuesday, The mural will be unveiled at a free public celebration on July 9., Over on the School of Music’s Facebook page, we’re fondly remembering Robert D. Jorgensen, who passed away yesterday. He directed the university’s bands for 26 years until his retirement in 2013. He will be dearly missed!

https://www.facebook.com/TheUniversityOfAkronSchoolOfMusic, Happy 4th of July! Hope you're having a safe and happy holiday weekend! 🇺🇸, The University is closed today, July 3, in honor of Independence Day. Have a lovely weekend! 🇺🇸, The Corps of Cadets will be the only one of its kind in Ohio and will fit well with UA’s established status as a military-friendly school. #ZipsOnTheMove, One of Zippy's relatives? Alum Jennifer Blye ('02) had fun photographing her son and a friend while visiting Brookfield Zoo in Chicago. Are you showing Zips Pride during your travels this summer?, Melissa Boswell is a published researcher, and she has yet to earn her college degree. #ZipsOnTheMove, The city has hooked up with University of Akron Training Center for Fire & Hazardous Materials to give initial training for eight recruits this summer., President Scarborough discusses UA initiatives in the most recent issue of Cleveland Business Connects Magazine., Are you following us on Snapchat? Add "uakron" and check out our full story from today's Summer Visit Day!, Getting ready for tomorrow's Summer Visit Day! We've placed some signs around campus at our favorite 10 photo spots. Try to find them all and share your own pics with #UAkronVisit!, It's a lovely day on campus! Do you know where this "UA" is located?, Updated 11:50 a.m., Wednesday, June 24:
Power restored to academic buildings; classes resume at noon

Power has been restored to the following buildings, and classes and labs will meet in these buildings at their normal times:

Bierce Library,
Buchtel College of Arts & Sciences,
Buckingham Building,
Goodyear Polymer Building,
Kolbe Hall,
Knight Chemical, and
Mary Gladwin Hall
Please note: There may be short, intermittent power outages the rest of the day.

Building still without power:

Bulger Residence Hall,
Orr Residence Hall,
Robertson Dining Hall,
Ritchie Residence Hall,
Spanton Residence Hall, and
Sisler-McFawn Residence Hall

Power to these buildings is expected to be restored by the end of the day Thursday. Faculty and staff members who work in these buildings should check with their supervisors about where and when to report for work., Several buildings on campus are without power at this hour due to a construction related incident. Buildings affected include:

Bierce Library
Buchtel College of Arts & Sciences
Buckingham Building
Bulger Hall
Goodyear Polymer Building
Knight Chemical
Kolbe Hall
Mary Gladwin Hall
Orr Hall
Robertson Dining Hall
Ritchie Hall
Spanton Hall
Sisler Hall

Classes in those buildings are canceled until noon. The Office of the Registrar is working to relocate classes and labs for this afternoon. The office will inform students and faculty members of changes through university e-mail. 

Please check your e-mail frequently for a message from the registrar with the new location of your class or lab. If you see no message, you should assume the class or lab is canceled.

If power is restored, the registrar will send an email letting you know that you should attend classes and labs in their normal locations.

The rest of campus is open and operating normally., Our first Summer Visit Day is this Friday! Here are a few fun activities to check out in between campus tours and information sessions. Sign-up for an upcoming Visit Day here: http://ow.ly/OHBwW, Update: Crouse and Ayer halls will be closed through Friday, classes to be relocated

Students who have classes or labs in Crouse or Ayer halls should check their email to learn where their classes or labs have been relocated.

Maintenance personnel are working to restore the cables, transformers and circuit breakers that supply both buildings. The room that holds the equipment flooded after a storm last Thursday.

Faculty and staff members who work in the buildings should check with their supervisors about where and when to report for work.

Master list of all classes and labs being moved: http://ow.ly/OE408, A supersonic rocket design project has never been attempted in the history of The University of Akron. Until now., Happy Father's Day!, Engineering #LikeAGirl., Fear the Roo! #PrattKeeping, Update: Crouse and Ayer halls will be closed Monday

Students who have classes or labs in Crouse or Ayer halls should check their email over the weekend to learn where their classes or labs have been relocated for Monday.

Maintenance personnel will work over the weekend to clear water from the buildings and restore the electrical equipment. When the equipment is dried out and safe for testing, likely on Monday, we will have a better idea of when the buildings can reopen.

Faculty and staff members who work in the buildings should check with their supervisors about where and when to report for work., Orientation programs are in full swing this summer! Welcome to campus new Zips!, UPDATE: Crouse and Ayer halls will be closed Monday

Students who have classes or labs in Crouse or Ayer halls should check their email over the weekend to learn where their classes or labs have been relocated for Monday.

Maintenance personnel will work over the weekend to clear water from the buildings and restore the electrical equipment. When the equipment is dried out and safe for testing, likely on Monday, we will have a better idea of when the buildings can reopen.

Faculty and staff members who work in the buildings should check with their supervisors about where and when to report for work.

ORIGINAL MESSAGE:

Classes and labs in Crouse and Ayers halls are canceled today. Both buildings are closed and without power because of flooded basements. Maintenance staff are pumping out the water and working to restore power.
 
Faculty and staff who work in either building should check with their supervisors to determine alternate work arrangements.
 
Should both buildings be closed beyond today, the Office of the Registrar will relocate classes and labs, and will inform students and faculty members of changes through University e-mail. 
 
The rest of campus is open and operating normally. 

Updates will be provided as we learn more., null, Rainy days are perfect for a campus tour...a virtual one, that is. Explore campus from the comfort of your couch: http://www.uakron.edu/vt, Zippy is ALL IN for the Cleveland Cavaliers! She's modeling this special shirt, which will be given away to fans at the Q tonight thanks to a partnership between UA and the Cavs. Are you rocking some Cavs gear today? #ZipsALLin #ALLinCLE, We're partnering up with the Cleveland Cavaliers for Game 6 of the #NBAFinals! Here's a sneak peek at some of the signage you'll see tomorrow at the Q! #ZipsALLin #ALLinCLE, Blue & Gold ❤️'s Wine & Gold. Go Cavs! #ZipsALLin #ALLinCLE, Some campus eye-candy as you start your weekend!

(Photo via @exenakc on Instagram. Follow us @uakron), Congratulations to those students who were named to either the Dean's List or President's List for Spring 2015! If you recognize one of these high-achieving Zips, give them a s/o in the comments!

Dean's List: http://ow.ly/Oe35z 
President's List: http://ow.ly/Oe3bx 

To qualify, students must be undergraduates enrolled full-time with a qualifying GPA (4.0 for President's List, 3.5-3.99 for Dean's List)., Once upon a time, LeBron James was a star player at St. Vincent-St. Mary High School in Akron. His coach? Current Akron Zips Men's Basketball Head Coach Keith Dambrot! #TBT #ALLinCLE, Great news out of today's Board of Trustees meeting! Among other announcements, there will be no increase in tuition, housing and meal costs for undergraduates in FY 2015-16. http://ow.ly/O8RrH, #ALLinCLE!!, Zippy has a crush! #ZipsALLin #ALLinCLE, Today is #NationalBestFriendDay! Many students make lasting friendships while studying at UA - did you? S/O your friends in the comments!

(Photo via @asha.suraj on Instagram. Follow us @uakron.), First five-week and eight-week session summer classes begin today. Make it great Zips!

(Photo via @heidideann on Instagram. Follow us @uakron.), null, Where will you be watching Game 2? #ZipsALLin #ALLinCLE, Less than 3 weeks to go until our first Summer Visit Day! Join us on Friday, June 26 or at one of our events in July and August. Tell a friend! #UAkronVisit, Recognize any of these? 'Fess up if you hang on to your old parking passes too! #FlashbackFriday

(Photo via @huawang1985 on Instagram. Follow us @uakron), This is why you may be riding a roller coaster of emotions if you are a Cleveland Cavaliers fan. #NBAFinals #ALLinCLE, Akron's got you! #ZipsALLin #ALLinCLE, Fear the Roo!, Great news for The University of Akron School of Law!, The courses are designed to provide students with easier access to a more affordable four-year university degree. #ZipsOnTheMove, The staff of the University Libraries at The University of Akron strike a pose under this new addition on Bierce Library! #ZipsOnTheMove, There are many factors to consider when choosing a college. Did we mention Akron is #1 in Ohio on this list? LOL!, Uncovering the mystery of the murdered pigs mimics real-world work conducted by biological anthropologists. #ZipsOnTheMove, Congratulations to UA graphic design student Eric Bueno, whose winning t-shirt design will be given out to 10,000 Cleveland Indians fans on 8/26! #ZipsOnTheMove, Fun Fact: Engineering grad Cara Adams is responsible for designing and engineering the tires used by all Indy 500 drivers on race day! #ZipsOnTheMove, null, Spice up your social media profile as we get ready to cheer on the Cleveland Cavaliers in the 2015 NBA Finals! Akron is #ALLinCLE!, We're ALL IN! How 'bout you? #ALLinCLE, Future Zips from Bluffton High School showing off some UA pride! Looking forward to a fun summer of orientation as we get ready to welcome new students to campus this fall!

(Photo credit: @KearstinBarry on Instagram. Follow us @uakron), The University will be closed on Monday, May 25, in observance of Memorial Day. Have a wonderful weekend!

Pictured: Korean War Memorial on Main Campus., The atrium of the Buchtel College of Arts and Sciences Building just got a bit more colorful! Stop in to see this new piece of public art, designed by UA graphic design students Alexander Somoskey and Brian Barr, working under the guidance of faculty members John Morrison and Janice Troutman in the UA Myers School of Art’s award-winning and career-focused “design x nine” studio. The installation was made possible by a generous contribution from Paul Thomarios, given in memory of Stiliany and Nickitas Thomarios., Looking good Zippy! Anyone else rocking a red nose today?, Last summer, we had a blast cheering on former Men's Soccer player DeAndre Yedlin in Brazil for the World Cup! Now our own Akron Zips Men's Soccer team is headed to Brazil for a once-in-a-lifetime cultural and training experience. Learn more: http://ow.ly/NcMCH #GoZips!, Shout-out to the University of Akron Human Power Vehicle Team for taking home a 3rd place overall finish at a recent competition at the University of Florida. Go Zips!, Registration for GenEd Core courses is now open!, “Career-focused. Connected to industry. Experiential. Technology-infused. In both the Sciences and the Arts. It is what some have called the merger of the practical arts with the liberal arts.  It is who we are, and who we will aspire to be — in increasing measure.”

Read more about President Scarborough's vision for UA that includes a distinction as “Ohio’s Polytechnic University," as outlined in today's City Club speech: http://ow.ly/N0kDF, The future of dance is coming to Akron, thanks to a partnership between UA and DANCECleveland with funding from the Knight Foundation., Tomorrow, President Scarborough will deliver a major policy speech at The City Club of Cleveland., Congratulations to the Class of 2015! Tag and share these photos with your friends and family to remember this special day. You may have graduated, but you are #ForeverAZip!

Photos cover commencement activities on Friday, May 8 to Sunday, May 10, 2015.

-------
Friday, May 8, 2015
The University of Akron College of Business Administration
The University of Akron College of Education

Saturday, May 9, 2015
10 a.m. - University of Akron College of Health Professions (undergraduate)

2 p.m. - The University of Akron College of Engineering
University of Akron College of Health Professions (graduate)
College of Polymer Science and Polymer Engineering

Sunday, May 10, 2015
10 a.m. - Buchtel College of Arts and Sciences (undergraduate degrees)

2 p.m. - College of Applied Science & Technology
Buchtel College of Arts and Sciences (graduate degrees)
Wayne College, Graduation may be over, but our slideshow lives on! Check out all the amazing memories that were shared on social media: http://ow.ly/MRrBH 🎓 #ForeverAZip

(Photo via @rachsando on Instagram. Follow us @uakron), During the month of April, Zips took a stand against sexual assault by participating in a variety of campus events and outreach. See their efforts in our story, #ZipsTakeAStand: Sexual Assault Awareness Month at UA: http://ow.ly/MQZ7j, Reflecting back on a great semester. Have a nice summer Zips!
(Photo by Joel Cox, '80), Reflecting back on a great semester. Have a nice summer Zips! 

(Photo by Joel Cox, '80), Did you pose with the giant #ForeverAZip frame over graduation weekend? University of Akron Alumni has your picture! Check out their fun album and make sure to "like" them!, We love you Zip Moms! Happy Mother's Day! 💛💙, By the end of today, 3,097 students will have received their degrees at one of our five commencement ceremonies. 🎓 #ForeverAZip, Excited to welcome the newest bunch of Zips into the University of Akron Alumni family! Give a shoutout to the grad in your life by tagging them in the comments! 🎓 #ForeverAZip, One of our favorite parts of graduation weekend is seeing all the amazing effort and creativity our Zips put into decorating their caps! Check out this great design from grad Lexie Blaner. 

Post a picture of your decorated cap in the comments, or tag #ForeverAZip on Twitter and Instagram. For more fun photos & memories, take a look at our slideshow: http://ow.ly/MHqbF, Beautiful night in Akron as we say goodbye to Spring Semester and honor our newest graduates. (Photo credit: Kim Cole), Two graduation must-haves: A picture with Zippy and a photo in the #ForeverAZip frame! Can't wait for Commencement! Congrats Zips!  #ForeverAZip, Finals are nearly over, graduation is on the horizon and campus is in full bloom! It's been a wonderful semester Zips!

(Photo credit: @ayrayray11 on Instagram. Follow us @uakron), "Do not be afraid to forge your own path and make sure you take time to enjoy your college experience. College can go by very fast, especially when you take a full course load because of the amount of time you spend on classes, but it is also important to take time to relax and enjoy your experience." 🎓 #ForeverAZip, Big day is almost here Zips! Make sure you've liked the University of Akron Alumni FB page to keep up with all that comes next! #ForeverAZip #ThrowbackThursday, "Even if you have no idea what you want to do yet, whatever you are doing in that moment, give it your all. You never know which experiences will have an impact on your future in one-way or another." 🎓 #ForeverAZip, "Find something you really care about and pursue it. In my case, I started college without truly knowing what I was passionate about and I wasn’t even necessarily sure that engineering was the path of education that I wanted to follow. My first two years on campus allowed me to experiment with different career ideas through on-campus and off-campus organizations and activities." 🎓 #ForeverAZip, "The best advice I got from a professor was to quit second-guessing myself. I do it very often, and sometimes I doubt my own potential. I’ve learned that I can not only be myself, but also be comfortable and confident in who I am." 🎓 #ForeverAZip, It's graduation weekend! Best wishes and success to all our Spring 2015 graduates. You are #ForeverAZip!

Visit graduation headquarters for more: http://www.uakron.edu/graduation/, "I will be leaving with life-long friendships and picture-perfect memories. Even more than that, I will leave knowing that I am prepared for whatever the next chapter of my life may bring." 🎓 #ForeverAZip, ❤️ our grads! Add #ForeverAZip to your Twitter and Instagram posts to be a part of our graduation slideshow!, "Let me state clearly: We are not proposing a name change." 

Full Statement from President Scarborough: http://ow.ly/Muu7W, Best wishes to all students as we enter finals week! Extended hours, free coffee and fun events happening this week in the "Study Union.", Regarding the petition and recent posts: The petition certainly demonstrates the community’s interest in what’s happening at The University of Akron. And that’s a good thing. But petitioners are only focused on a name change.  The fact is there have been many suggested names and strategies discussed with President Scarborough, as he has met with students, faculty, staff, community leaders, alumni and others during his first several months here.  

Many variations of the term “polytechnic" have come up in conversation, because polytechnic universities embody a rigorous model of interdisciplinary education that values the arts and humanities as well as science and technology.  

Polytechnic universities focus on applied learning, student engagement in experiential learning (like co-ops and internships), and deep connections between the classroom, community and career.  

President Scarborough has focused the discussions on repositioning the university for the greatest potential for sustained growth, not specifically on a name change.  He will share many of these ideas with the community at his upcoming City Club speech on May 15., You did it Zips! See you all tonight at The University of Akron SpringFest!!, Less than 24 hours until SpringFest! Can't wait to celebrate the end of the semester with all our Zips. #UASpringFest, It's been a busy year for student a capella group UA Nuance! They've been hard at work on their first full-length album "New Suit" AND have a free spring concert this Saturday. You can download a free single here: http://www.uanuance.com/, Looks like Conan O'Brien Presents: Team Coco had a bit of fun with our UA students' invention "The Cannibuster!" We think Conan might have been smoking something though, since this device was created by 2 brilliant WOMEN, not guys. Expect a Fan Correction soon Mr. O'Brien.

Learn more about the real Cannibuster and how it recently won our students a $10,000 entrepreneurial prize: http://ow.ly/MiBjj, As classes wind down, Senior Week continues! RSVP for tomorrow's Happy Hour at Thirsty Dog Brewing Company and receive this cool commemorative glass. UA class pins are also available at programs all week long. Check out the full schedule here: http://ow.ly/MfhLu, Congrats to the more than 400 student-athletes honored at last night's Zippy Awards! Check out a photo gallery from the event here: http://ow.ly/MfgrC, Need some pre-finals stress relief? These fuzzy friends stopped by Bierce yesterday to hang out with students on a study break. The dogs will be back throughout the week; see the full schedule from University Libraries at The University of Akron: http://ow.ly/MdX2B, Our graduating seniors come from different backgrounds and have different futures, but one thing is clear: Each one is #ForeverAZip!, Congrats to The University of Akron School of Law! #1 for bar passage in Ohio!, The Marching Band's brand new uniforms! Look for these at InfoCision when you come for Akron Zips Football games in the fall!, Hey seniors! Celebrate your final weeks before graduation during #UAseniorweek! Free RubberDucks tickets, cap decorating, happy hour and a very mysterious campus tour are waiting for you. #ForeverAZip, If you've registered for Fall 2015, bring your schedule to the SU today from 11 a.m.-1:30 p.m. and pick up the newest #gettinclassy shirt! Already got one? Show off your #superclassy style by sharing your pic in the comments., If you've been craving Swensons, The University of Akron SpringFest has got your fix. Less than two weeks to go! #UASpringFest, In its very first year, Dance Marathon at The University of Akron raised $11,631.01 for Akron Children's Hospital! Way to go Zips!, Katie Hnida is the first woman in NCAA history to play & score points in a Division I football game. She is also a survivor, speaking out about the sexual harassment and rape she endured while at the University of Colorado. On Tuesday she will deliver her powerful message to our campus community: http://ow.ly/LLyc4 #saam #ZipsTakeAStand #NoMore, Professor Wilson Huhn's 25-mile hike along the Towpath Trail will end Monday morning in his classroom, where he will begin his final week of teaching., “With more than 500 graduates and an 80 percent graduation rate, our Choose Ohio First Program serves as a model for other programs.”, SpringFest concert artist just revealed! Can't wait for #UASpringFest!!, If you're between 25-40, here's how you can get free tickets to arts events at E.J. Thomas Hall and UA Events., Did you know? Akron Zips Baseball and Akron Zips Softball games are free to attend!, The cost—$50 tuition charge per credit hour—is half the cost of comparable courses offered by area community colleges and is designed to provide students with easier access to a more affordable four-year university degree., Dancers Alyssa and Elizabeth having some fun in the studio after class. See more dancing at E.J. Thomas Hall and UA Events when the UADC performs their Spring Concert! Tickets: http://ow.ly/LBSQj, #16 FTW!, It doesn’t smell. It isn’t messy. It doesn’t leave marks on the wall. And the National Science Foundation (NSF) just recognized its potential with new funding. http://ow.ly/LxSCd, Happy #NationalSiblingsDay! If being a Zip runs in the family, give 'em a shout out and share your pictures in the comments!, The Eighth Annual Black Male Summit at The University of Akron begins today. This year's theme is the journey of finding identity. The mission of the summit is to improve and increase retention and graduation of African American males in higher education. Learn more: http://www.uakron.edu/ie/bms2015/, The UA community is invited to participate in National Volunteer Week, April 12-18. Find a project on our campus that fits your schedule, or participate in an off-campus service trip: http://www.uakron.edu/nvw/, Just announced: UA will receive a $250,000 grant from the Knight Foundation that will enable us to develop new plans for growth, and to help attract and keep talent in the city. http://ow.ly/Llhxd, Today is a Day of Action. Stop by the Student Union until 2 p.m. today for @UAspeaks and tell us why you say #NOMORE. #ZipsTakeAStand #saam

Not on campus? Tell us why you say "No More" by commenting or by sharing this post. Learn more about Sexual Assault Awareness Month and sexual respect at UA: http://www.uakron.edu/sexual-respect/index.dot, Everybody laughs at Kimmel's Mean Tweets, but nasty Yaks, Tweets and Snapchats can boomerang in unexpected ways, damaging the name and reputation of the source. This week, help us change the way we use social media by spreading positivity and pledging to be #NotAnonymous. Learn more and join us for an on-campus event from April 6-10: http://www.uakron.edu/notanonymous/, To all our Zips celebrating today, Happy Easter!, Just one week to go until the Black Male Summit at The University of Akron. With a nearly sold out event that includes attendees from 23 different states, registration will close today at 5 p.m. Learn more: http://ow.ly/L67od, April is Sexual Assault Awareness Month. Learn about events happening on our campus and how you can get involved: http://www.uakron.edu/sexual-respect/ #ZipsTakeAStand #saam, Yum! The University of Akron Dining Services is bringing back food trucks to campus during lunch, starting today! Check out the full schedule here: http://www.uakron.edu/foodtrucks/, Warning: you may get a bit emotional reading this recap about Alternative Spring Break 2015. So proud of the work of these Zips! #UAASB2015, The University's website is temporarily offline. ITS is working to rectify the problem. You may still access My Akron and Springboard through these links:

My Akron: my.uakron.edu 
Springboard: springboard.uakron.edu, Welcome back! Spring Break is over, so you know what that means...it's time to start #GettinClassy! Sign up early for the best choice of classes and keep Fall 2015 #SuperClassy., No joke! Find your perfect major at this event on Wednesday, 4/1!, Could your startup be the next big thing? The University of Akron School of Law is hosting a conference on how to launch your internet company or app., It's been a busy week of orientation sessions and we've loved welcoming our first group of new Zips to campus! NSO leader Todd Simmons took some time to share this great photo. See you all back in the fall! (credit: @toddsimmons_ on Twitter), Know a current high school sophomore or junior who would like to learn about becoming a #FutureZip? Tell them about Spring Visit Day!, LAST CHANCE to vote for the Akron Zips' Shawn Barber: http://ow.ly/KNSdC He's a finalist for the prestigious #AAUSullivanAward.

Here's a message from Shawn: "It's a great honor for me to be named a finalist for the Sullivan Award. This feat in itself feels like quite the accomplishment for me, and I know I couldn't have done it without the efforts and support of the staff at The University of Akron as well as my family, friends and amazing fans! Go Zips!" 

Good luck Shawn! Vote now: http://ow.ly/KNSdC, Bringing #ZipNation to South Carolina for Alternative Spring Break. Are you showing Zip Pride during Spring Break? (credit: @alexpaigee on Twitter) #UAASB2015, Have a wonderful week off!, #ThrowbackThursday: SpringFest 2014! Official announcement about this year's event coming your way tomorrow. Make sure to follow the official SpringFest social media accounts for the news:

Facebook: The University of Akron SpringFest 
Twitter: @UASpringFest
Instagram: @UASpringFest
Hashtag: #UASpringFest, Thanks to your votes, junior pole vaulter Shawn Barber is one of just six finalists for the #AAUSullivanAward! With your help, he could take the top spot. Vote here: http://ow.ly/Kvo9B

SHARE this if you want to see a fellow Zip receive this prestigious award! Voting is easy and you can do it once a day until March 25., Which female superheroes do you want to see on the big screen? Lecture today explores why films starring women superheroes are so rare: http://ow.ly/Kuc1Q, Have you been through a life-changing experience? These students from The Institute for Leadership Advancement gained a new perspective on the world after traveling to Haiti and the Dominican Republic for a recent service and learning trip. We have a feeling this trip will stick with them long past graduation! Read their story: http://ow.ly/Ks0Ch, The Olin Hall is closed until 12:30 p.m. because the building has no heat.
 
Classes scheduled to begin between now and 11:59 a.m. are canceled. Classes beginning between noon and 12:30 p.m. will be temporarily relocated today only. The Office of the Registrar will inform students and faculty members of the changes through University e-mail. 
 
The rest of campus is open and operating normally., null, Advice from UA faculty and students is featured in this story from U.S. News Education: http://ow.ly/KolMS, Over 500 local students and volunteers visited campus today for the Time Warner Cable Akron Regional Science Olympiad. Happy to support these future scientists and congrats to all those who took part!, Happy Pi Day!, Everyone had a blast at Senior Day!, HUGE win tonight for Akron Zips Men's Basketball!! Just defeated Kent State 53-51. #MACtion #BeatKent, Ross was in town to visit UA and just happened to become the #RockHall's 10 millionth visitor! How cool is that? Congrats and see you in the fall!, This just in! Akron Zips Men's Basketball defeats Western Michigan 58-45! The team advances to the next round of the MAC tournament and will face Kent State. #GoZips!, Can't wait for this event...and it's happening on Pi Day! http://ow.ly/KdgNr, Ok Zips, one of your own could use some help! Akron Zips Track & Field and Cross Country's Shawn Barber has been nominated for the very prestigious AAU Sullivan Award. Help make him a finalist by voting daily here: http://ow.ly/Kajcl 

He's got some big competition, including a Heisman Trophy winner and Olympic Gold medalists, but we know your votes will launch him to the finals! Vote each day through Sunday, 3/15., Congrats to Coach Dambrot!, Way to go! Next stop: the Q!, A few photos from the catwalk to get you excited for Akron Zips Men's Basketball. MAC Tournament play begins tonight at the JAR! http://ow.ly/K7cDp, Did you see this story on the cover of Sunday's Akron Beacon Journal? More research and development = job growth, talent attraction, and innovation. http://ow.ly/K6h5D, We're hosting a visit day next Saturday! Representatives from our Transfer, Adult Focus, and Military Services Center will be on hand to answer your questions about UA. Sign-up here: http://www.uakron.edu/atm/, LIKE if you'll be cheering for the Zips to #BeatKent tonight!, #TBT A 1907 photo of Buchtel Hall held up over today's campus.

(Photo via University of Akron Alumni), Looking for a place off-campus? Stop by the Housing Fair tomorrow!, Campus looks lovely in the winter - especially when viewed from the 7th floor of InfoCision! 

(Photo via Megan Bodenschatz, @megbod4 on Instagram), President Scarborough invites and encourages your participation in a campus-wide survey designed to help us understand "the campus climate" on issues related to sexual respect and sexual misconduct. This is an anonymous survey of students, faculty and staff that was developed by UA's Sexual Assault Resource Team (SART) as part of our commitment to raise awareness regarding the nature of sexual assault and how best to respond to it. This survey should take about 15 minutes of your time, and it will help us understand and respond to the unique needs of The University of Akron community. Please see your university email for a link and more details., Go Zips! Big win last night at the JAR!, BIG GAME tonight at the JAR! See you there Zips! #ZipsGameday, We know what colors Zippy sees. #TheDress is obviously blue & gold! #GoZips, null, Zippy heard that there might be a pair of llamas looking for a place to stay, so she's offering up her home. #LlamasOnTheLam, Random act of kindness alert! Tell us about a random act of kindness you have witnessed or performed & how it made you feel!

Today's #ZipsTaking Care theme is "Taking Care of Others." You can help spread some joy to the patients at Akron Children's Hospital by making get well cards in the SU today during lunch. Learn more: http://ow.ly/JG8gI, Round 2! Help vote for the resident fall parking pass design by liking your favorite., Free show tonight for students with Zip Card. Public performances begin tomorrow! More info & tickets here: http://ow.ly/JErtV, To manage stress, I like to:
A. Talk to a friend or family member
B. Play a game
C. Yoga
D. ________________________

#ZipsTakingCare week continues today with a stress management fair at the SU. Stop by to relax and have some fun: http://ow.ly/JDiCU, Zippy's trying out a professional look for the All-Campus Career Fair tomorrow...what do you think? Students in any major and alumni are encouraged to attend. Learn more: http://ow.ly/JBBkG, Tough choice! Which of these two designs do you "like" the best?, Dr. Luis M. Proenza, president emeritus of UA, will deliver a short talk and receive the 2015 Premio La Cumbre Award in recognition of “his visionary and transformative leadership in the Latino community” of Ohio. http://ow.ly/JAGHK, Job perk: Meeting a childhood hero! Engineering grad Scott Eastbourn landed his dream job at Virgin Galactic. See how his time at Akron led him to his "pretty awesome" career: http://ow.ly/JxsHH, The Counseling and Testing Center is sponsoring a week of activities to help you be your best self. Kick-off is today and includes an information fair and "Peace, Love and Happiness" workshop: http://ow.ly/Jvj8K #ZipsTakingCare, The Akron Zips Women's Basketball & Akron Zips Men's Basketball doubleheader is still ON for tonight!

The Downtown Roo Express Route this evening has been canceled due to weather conditions. The Weekend Circulator and Chapel routes are still in service. Expect delays on the routes today., Having a blast at Parents & Family Winter Weekend!, Main Campus and all sites closed Friday

Main Campus and all the sites – Wayne College, Holmes, Medina and Lakewood – will be closed from 12:01 a.m. Friday until 12:01 a.m. Saturday because of the extreme temperatures.

The Rec Center, the Student Union and the libraries are closed. Only the residence halls and dining halls are open.

Questions about Friday's scheduled events and activities should be directed to the sponsors or organizers.

Employees designated as emergency personnel should report to work at their regularly scheduled times.

We expect to reopen at 12:01 a.m. Saturday. Employees should report to work at their normal start times on Saturday. Employees whose normal shift begins before midnight and ends the following day should report to work at 12:01 a.m. on Saturday to complete the remainder their shifts.

Updates will be available by calling 330-972-7669, checking the University's home page or University e-mail, and by tuning in to the major radio and television stations in Cleveland and Akron., Main Campus classes canceled starting at 5 p.m.

With the National Weather Service issuing a wind chill warning for tonight and continuing through noon tomorrow (upgraded from a current advisory), we have decided to cancel classes effective at 5 p.m. today (Thursday) through noon Friday.  Although Main Campus classes are canceled, campus will be open for business and employees are expected to report to work as normal. The Student Union, the Recreation and Wellness Center and libraries remain open. See below for an adjusted schedule for the Roo Express shuttle service.

Since it is our obligation to keep the university open as much as possible to meet our academic responsibilities to our students, decisions related to the weather, class delays or cancellations, closing campus or canceling activities are always difficult and complicated. We consider many factors, most importantly the safety of students and employees. Additionally, we consider the effects that weather conditions or extreme temperatures may have on our facilities and ability to provide services in light of thousands of students moving across campus and into and out of classroom buildings throughout the day. 

The Provost is communicating with academic leadership the need to consider individual student needs and challenges during this period of time. Students should communicate directly with faculty or advisors if they have questions or concerns. 

Please keep up-to-date with any changes to campus or class scheduling by frequently consulting the front page of our website at http://www.uakron.edu. Make sure you are signed up to receive our emergency text messages (http://www.uakron.edu/safety/z-alert.dot) We welcome your comments to web@uakron.edu., Join us for the All-campus Career Fair next week! More than 130 employers will be on campus Feb. 25 recruiting students for internships and full-time jobs. http://ow.ly/JgAU4, The JAR saw the largest student crowd in 10 years when Akron Zips Men's Basketball took down rivals Kent State last week. Keep the momentum going for the last 3 home games and you could get rewarded! Details here: http://ow.ly/JdqzG #ZipsCity, Fun time today with our Senior Day visitors! Can't wait to see you all on campus in the fall!, Share your thoughts about our Student Union and you could win a $50 Amazon gift card! Open to both undergraduate and graduate students enrolled in Spring 2015 semester. Complete by 2/22! Take survey here: http://ow.ly/ISveN, Happy Valentine's Day! Did you meet your valentine at UA? Tell us about it in the comments!, SHARE your favorites with the Zips in your life! Happy Valentine's Day!, #TBT Last year's Alternative Spring Break participants had so much fun! Deadline for this year's ASB trip is tomorrow: http://ow.ly/IXT81, Have you tried the new DoubleMap App? Track the Roo Express shuttles in real-time! http://ow.ly/ISC4v, The shirts say it all. #BeatKent #ZipsGameday, The rivalry is real. #BeatKent #ZipsGameday, Zippy had a blast hanging with LeBron James at the Akron Zips Men's Basketball game on Saturday. Now she wants to hang out with YOU when the Zips face rivals Kent State tomorrow at 7 p.m. See you at the game!, Have you ever participated in Alternative Spring Break? Share your memories in the comments. Application deadline now extended through Friday, 2/13. http://www.uakron.edu/asb/, Look who stopped by the JAR tonight to support Coach Dambrot & Akron Zips Men's Basketball ... LeBron James! #ZipsGameday, Get help filling out your FAFSA at this free event on Sunday, 2/8: http://ow.ly/IDwzo, The University of Akron Parents & Family Association is hosting a Parent's Winter Weekend event Feb. 21-22. Learn more and sign up now at http://ow.ly/ICf02, Not only will participants enjoy wine & make original art, but the funds raised will go towards the travel expenses for students participating in Alternative Spring Break! RSVP deadline is TODAY! http://www.uakron.edu/hearts/, #TBT In 1997, United States President Bill Clinton chose UA as the location for his first Town Hall Meeting on Race. Today, students, faculty and staff have come together to plan a series of events known as Rethinking Race. Learn more about Clinton's visit and this year's #RethinkingRace events: http://www.uakron.edu/race/history.dot, Stop by to donate and you could be one burrito richer!, Join Coach Terry Bowden at the Student Union today! Or watch online at 3 p.m. http://ow.ly/ItRwx #AskBowden, Main Campus to reopen Wednesday
Updated 3:30 p.m. Tuesday, Feb. 3

The University of Akron Main Campus will open on Wednesday, Feb. 4, at 12:01 a.m.

With rising temperatures and sunny skies, grounds crews were able to clear campus walkways from the ice and slush accumulation. Of course, we continue to urge caution and good judgment for all students, faculty, staff and visitors as weather changes may dictate.

The Lakewood and Medina sites will also reopen on Wednesday.  

Employees designated as emergency personnel should report to work at their regularly scheduled times on Tuesday.

Updates will be available by calling the snowline at 330-972-7669, checking the University's home page or University e-mail, and by tuning in to the major radio and television stations in Cleveland and Akron., Main Campus closed Tuesday

The University of Akron Main Campus will remain closed until Wednesday morning, Feb. 4, at 12:01 a.m. 

The increasingly frigid temperatures—with forecasts in single digits or below zero—make it nearly impossible to overcome the combined effects of freezing rain and snowfall, and to ensure safety on campus walk-ways.

With anticipated sunshine Tuesday and warming temperatures, ground crews will work diligently throughout the day to clear passageways.

Employees designated as emergency personnel should report to work at their regularly scheduled times.

Updates will be available by calling the snowline at 330-972-7669, checking the University's home page or University e-mail, and by tuning in to the major radio and television stations in Cleveland and Akron. More information at http://www.uakron.edu/safety/advisory.dot, Questions about Campus Closing?

There have been many questions about the decision that was made last night to keep our campus open, followed by the decision made this morning to close at noon.   Such decisions are not made lightly and the process is informative.

When weather threatens, our facilities and grounds personnel work closely with our campus police to determine the safety conditions on our campus and roads leading to campus.  Last night, with little snow accumulation in the Akron area, and reassurance from the Summit County Sheriff that there was no threat to safety in accessing campus from various roadways, we decided to keep the main campus open.  The decision was different for Lakewood and Medina because the weather conditions in those locations were different—the decision to close those sites was based on careful review of specific conditions in those areas.  

This morning, our grounds crews determined that a cold front made it more difficult to sustain conditions on our main campus sidewalks and streets.  As the safety of our students, faculty, and staff is our highest priority, we decided to close the campus at noon.  The worsening conditions caused a reassessment of the situation—as the weather changes, we continuously reassess—and we decided to send students, staff and faculty home before conditions further deteriorated.

Please continue to monitor developments on the front page of our web as we announce decisions about campus activities, events, and class schedules in the hours ahead.  More information about the decision-making process is available at http://www.uakron.edu/safety/cold-weather.dot, Due to worsening weather conditions, the Main Campus and all satellite sites will close at noon Monday.

Employees designated as emergency personnel should report to work at their regularly scheduled times.

Updates will be available by calling 330-972-7669 (TDD/voice: 330-972-6238), checking the University's home page http://uakron.edu, or University e-mail, and by tuning in to the major radio and television stations in Cleveland and Akron., UPDATE: Due to worsening weather conditions, the Main Campus and all satellite sites will close at noon Monday.

Employees designated as emergency personnel should report to work at their regularly scheduled times.

Updates will be available by calling 330-972-7669 (TDD/voice: 330-972-6238), checking the University's home page http://uakron.edu/, or University e-mail, and by tuning in to the major radio and television stations in Cleveland and Akron.

ORIGINAL MESSAGE:
UA's Medina and Lakewood sites only are closed until noon Monday. Main Campus and other sites are open as normal., Now that you've seen our ads, tell us: Who or what is helping you achieve your American dream? #ZipsAchieve, Karen Ziemba came to Akron with the dream of becoming a professional dancer. Here, she met an influential professor whose teaching technique, discipline and life lessons prepared her for Broadway. She's now a Tony Award winner who's realizing her American Dream. #ZipsAchieve, Judge Baxter applied to Columbia, Howard and The University of Akron School of Law, and chose Akron because he felt his greatest opportunity would be here, as a Zip. It proved to be true. No matter what role he plays—soldier, lawyer, judge, adjunct law professor—Randolph Baxter continues to experience the American dream. #ZipsAchieve, Get your Super Bowl snacking on in a healthy way with these tips from the The University of Akron Nutrition Center. http://ow.ly/IeG61, Mario Garzia left Argentina for UA at age 16. His passion was soccer and he believed his future was medicine…until a professor showed him the “beauty in calculus.” That discovery led him to a career that reached the highest levels of Microsoft and to his own American dream. #ZipsAchieve, Rethinking Race begins today! See the full line-up at http://www.uakron.edu/race/, Sandy Pianalto came from ‘humble roots’ and is now a powerful voice for women in leadership. Born in Italy and inspired at UA, Pianalto became president of the Federal Reserve Bank in Cleveland. She's an Akron Zip achieving the American dream. #ZipsAchieve, Everyday, Akron Zips are achieving the American Dream. We are excited to unveil a new series of ads featuring Zips who have distinguished themselves in diverse fields. These ads will begin airing on television during Super Bowl 2015, but you can watch them all right now: http://ow.ly/I9Nf0 #ZipsAchieve, Go behind the scenes of how our Mural of the World came together!, Before and After #UAmuraloftheworld, Our annual Rethinking Race forum begins this Friday. Learn more about keynote speaker Melissa Harris-Perry and see a full list of events at http://www.uakron.edu/race/, Tonight's Akron Zips Men's Basketball game is a Purple Out in honor of Dan Peters. #4PetesSake, Come paint with us! Stop by the Student Union on Jan. 27 & 28 to add to the mural., Over the weekend, we debuted the "Future Zip Photo Booth" at Scholars Day. Future Zips and their families (and some current students too!) all had fun posing with their favorite UA props and Zippy!, Wayne College and the Holmes County site ONLY are closed until noon today. Main Campus and other sites are open as normal., Gotta love those Ohio winters! Learn more about what goes into UA's decision to close due to snow: http://ow.ly/HPjYV 

(Photo submitted by Kelly Macedo Rastakosky via Facebook), Want some free Chipotle? Donate blood today at The University of Akron Student Recreation and Wellness Center from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. and receive a Chipotle gift card while supplies last!, Looks like someone forgot his hat and scarf! ❄️, Hear from the student sculptors who make Ice Fest so great!, Check out these sculptures created by students and alumni of the Culinary Artists Club. This event gives students practical experience that is highly sought after in the hospitality management field., The University will be closed Monday, 1/19 in honor of MLK Day. The public is invited to join us for a free activities fair beginning at 9 a.m. http://ow.ly/HsIJq, Author Steven Johnson to speak on campus January 27: http://ow.ly/HsJ8H, Sun is setting on the first week of spring semester! Have a great weekend Zips! (Photo via @auttuuumnn on Instagram. Follow us @uakron), FYI: Last day to return textbooks to the bookstore for spring semester is January 17 (that's tomorrow!)., #ThrowbackThursday: Ice Fest 2014! This year's event is happening on Tuesday, January 20. Stop by the Student Union to see these amazing sculptures come to life. #UAkronIceFest, Happy #UAPrideDay! If you're wearing Akron gear and showing school spirit, we'd love to see your photos. Post them to our page and check out today's events: http://ow.ly/HjboA, A beautiful winter morning on campus. Photo by Ted Boyer '17, graphic design student. (via @tedboyer on Twitter)., Wear your best Akron blue & gold tomorrow (Wed. 1/14) in honor of #UAPrideDay! Share your photos with us by posting to this page, or using #UAPrideDay on Twitter and Instagram. http://ow.ly/HfE4E, One of the three proposals would create "popup" space in downtown Akron to allow student hackers, entrepreneurs and artists to collaborate and sell their works. http://ow.ly/HcTXT, Have a great first day of class!, Way to go Zips! Nearly 800 students were named to the President's List for fall semester, with another 3,600+ making the Dean's List! To qualify, students must be undergraduates enrolled full-time with a qualifying GPA (4.0 for President's List, 3.5-3.99 for Dean's List).

See who made the lists here & give them a s/o in the comments:

President's List: http://ow.ly/H3pmR 
Dean's List: http://ow.ly/H3pw2, Big shoutout to all those students who give their time to help community organizations! http://ow.ly/GWWVh, Reunited! Fans attending tonight's Akron Zips Men's Basketball game will receive this limited-edition #ZipsInThePros poster. Starting at 6 p.m., the Akron Zips Men's Soccer alumni pros in attendance will be hosting an autograph session at the JAR. See you there! ⚽️🏀👍, President Scarborough shares his thoughts as we head in to 2015. If you're on Twitter, make sure to follow him @PresScarborough http://ow.ly/GPKVZ, A supportive campus environment helped Maria and Lisa Withrow find their voices and a career path where they will be able to guide and nurture students of all types of abilities. http://ow.ly/Gcain, Kofi Sarkodie was a part of the 2010 Akron Zips Men's Soccer team that won UA's first national team title. While he plays for the Houston Dynamo, he's working to finish his biology degree. http://ow.ly/Gc8YO, Happy ROO Year!, #ZipBack2014, December: The end of a semester and start of a well-deserved winter break. This year we wanted to spread some joy across social media by parodying a much-loved winter tradition: watching countless holiday movies! We crafted 12 original(-ish) posters that poked fun at everything from “How the Grinch Stole Christmas” to “Home Alone,” giving each one a UA-twist. It all culminated in a new movie trailer, staring everyone’s favorite marsupial Zippy!

Full set of 12 movie posters: http://ow.ly/Gc6c9 
Epic movie trailer for Zippy's Great Big Non-Denominational Holiday Miracle Musical: http://ow.ly/Gc6tF, #ZipBack2014, November: He’s back! When LeBron James announced his return to the Cavs over the summer, Akron couldn’t have been happier! After hosting his welcome back event at InfoCision Stadium in August, the groundwork was in place for even more great things between the LeBron James Family Foundation and The University of Akron. One such moment happened when President Scarborough invited a group of VIPs over for lunch. 10 lucky kids from LeBron’s Akron I PROMISE Network had a first-of-its-kind lunch with Dr. Scarborough where they discussed topics ranging from biomimicry, career ambitions, and superheroes. We promise that this story is worth another read :) http://ow.ly/GaDKF, #ZipBack2014, October: It’s a big moment when you find out if you were accepted to your favorite school and we wanted to celebrate with our Future Zips! As admissions packets made their way to students' homes, we included a special #FutureZip sign so they could start spreading their excitement via photos and social media posts. One lucky group of students from Springfield High School even got to show off their signs with President Scarborough! Check out our Storify for #FutureZip photos directly from the incoming class: https://storify.com/uakron/futurezip, #ZipBack2014, September: This year, Zippy participated in the Capital One Mascot Challenge. Back in 2007, Zippy went undefeated and won the title! As a defending champion, the stakes were higher and the competition was fierce as she faced down 2 other returning champions among a crowd of 16 total mascot competitors. Points were based on online votes and social media posting and Zippy came out strong early on, making it all the way to the playoffs! While this was not the year of the Roo, Zippy remains the #1 Mascot in our hearts. See a round-up of some of Zippy’s biggest fans’ social media submissions: http://ow.ly/GaC3O, #ZipBack2014, August: August is always an exciting month, especially for new students. This year was no exception! We had a blast welcoming both new and returning students to campus, many of whom participated in New Roo Weekend. Social media posts during the kick-off event at InfoCision Stadium were so popular that #NewRooWeekend even trended nationally on Twitter! We were pretty impressed by this class selfie too! (Photo credit: Cheeto Zito), #ZipBack2014, July: The sun was shining on Dr. Scarborough’s first day as president. Student leaders Jay Jackman, Jimmie Bennett, Kara Riccardi and Mallory Kennedy served as campus guides, ending the tour with a selfie! (Photo credit: Kara Riccardi), #ZipBack2014, June: The entire planet seemed to have World Cup fever, and one star of Team USA had some major Akron connections. DeAndre Yedlin joined Akron Zips Men's Soccer in the fall of 2011. He stayed until he was drafted by the Seattle Sounders, becoming one of 23 Zips to play in Major League Soccer in the past seven years. To say Akron was excited when Yedlin was selected for Team USA is a serious understatement. Head Coach Jared Embick traveled to Brazil to cheer him on, while Zips fans across the nation watched with anticipation for the moment when he’d take the field. We believe this won’t be the last time you see a former Zip on a World Cup stage!, #ZipBack2014, May: After 16 years as President of The University of Akron, Dr. Luis M. Proenza was honored for his leadership as he prepared to transition into a full-time faculty role. Multiple community and campus receptions were held thanking him for his service, and the spring graduating class became the final group to receive their degrees from President Proenza. 

Meanwhile, campus was excited to meet a new leader: Dr. Scott L. Scarborough.  The Board of Trustees voted unanimously to name Scarborough as the 16th President of the University. Scarborough would begin duties in July and be formally inaugurated as the 16th President of The University of Akron during his September Investiture., #ZipBack2014, April: UA was honored to receive a national award for our Make A Difference Day contributions! Anne Bruno (middle), executive director of the Student Union, and Thad Doyle (far right), senior associate director of student life, accepted this award on behalf of the University in Washington, D.C. With them from left is Matt Lauer, Savannah Guthrie and Jenna Bush Hager of NBC's "Today" show. This past fall we celebrated our 10th year of participation. S/O to all those Zips who make community service part of their Akron Experience!, #ZipBack2014, March: Akron Zips Women's Basketball won their first ever conference title when they defeated Ball State in the MAC Championship game. They then went on to appear in the NCAA Tournament for the first time in school history. Repeat in 2015? Go Zips!, #ZipBack2014 February: We love when our alumni return to UA! Students had a blast visiting with actress and UA alumna Yvette Nicole Brown (’94) when she returned to campus for “From UA to LA.” During this event, part of Rethinking Race, she shared stories, offered advice and delighted a packed house at the Student Union. Come back soon YNB! (Want to see more photos & tweets from the event? See our students' posts here: http://ow.ly/Gatxi), 2014 has been a great year for UA! We’re looking back one month at a time at some of the cool things that happened as we get ready to ring in 2015.

#ZipBack2014, January: Our talented ice carvers transformed campus into a frozen wonderland! These gorgeous displays are created each year by students in UA’s Hospitality Club, with additional work from alumni and faculty of the Hospitality Management program. Taking a photo of these creations is basically a requirement to graduate ☺ Can’t wait for what they come up with on January 20 at Ice Fest 2015!, Campus will reopen on January 5, 2015. Have a great holiday!, It was a great year for the College of Engineering!, The University will be closed Thursday, December 25, 2014 and will reopen on Monday, January 5. See what services will be available over the break: http://ow.ly/GbV00, Our employees love to decorate for the holidays! See more photos here: http://ow.ly/GbRnO If your decorating has a UA-twist, we'd love to see! Post your own pictures in the comments., Check out this video from Akron Zips!, Merry TubaChristmas! Two free performances today at noon & 2:30 p.m. See you there! http://ow.ly/GbIFZ, This season, Zippy embarks on a quest to give everyone everything they want for the holidays. Will she succeed? Find out in...Zippy's Great Big Non-Denominational Holiday Miracle Musical! #ZippyMovie, froo-gee-lay! Must be Australian. #ZippyMovie

We hope you've enjoyed our #ZippyMovie posters. This is the last of the bunch! ZippyMovie...Zippy movie...hey, not a bad idea. ;) Check back tomorrow for one last surprise., To me, roo are PERFECT!. #ZippyMovie, Happy graduation to those members of the Fall Class of 2014! Make sure to tag yourselves if we took your photo.

Photos cover commencement activities on Friday, December 12 and Saturday, December 13.

-------
Friday, December 12, 2014
College of Applied Science and Technology
College of Business Administration 
College of Polymer Science and Polymer Engineering

Saturday, December 13, 2014
10 a.m. - Buchtel College of Arts and Sciences & College of Engineering
2 p.m. - College of Education, College of Health Professions & Wayne College, He promised the Zips the ultimate student section chant…but it will take all of Zip Nation to bring it. #ZippyMovie, When all the students leave for vacation, Zippy is left alone on campus! What's a roo to do? #ZippyMovie, Congratulations grads! A few photos from this weekend's commencement ceremonies., ROO'll Crack Up! #ZippyMovie

(Enjoy your break Zips!), Combining law and accounting, the new financial forensics program leads to two degrees: a law degree and a master’s degree in accounting. http://ow.ly/FOCht, Exams are over, but an evil roo is plotting to keep you working all break long! Send in the ghosts! #ZippyMovie, Our final Fall Class of 2014 commencement ceremony is at 2 p.m. today. Congratulations to all of this year's graduates!

The afternoon ceremony features graduates from the College of Education, the College of Health Professions, and Wayne College.

Guest Speaker: Michele Campbell (’02), CEO of LRMR Management Company and executive director of the LeBron James Family Foundation

Student Responder: Stephanie Rymer (B.S. in Education — Middle Level Education, summa cum laude).

Stephanie is a second-generation Zip and plans to follow in her parent's footsteps by becoming a teacher. Read her graduate profile here: http://ow.ly/FKEkH #uakron14, Two commencement ceremonies today!

The 10 a.m. ceremony features graduates from the Buchtel College of Arts and Sciences and the College of Engineering. Congrats!

Speakers include State Rep. Vernon Sykes (’01), 34th House District and student responder Lindsay Trujillo (B.S. in Biochemistry, magna cum laude).

Read this graduate spotlight to learn more about Lindsay, who hopes to become a role model to women in science, Latinas and the LBGT community: http://ow.ly/FJHYr #uakron14, Fall Commencement begins tonight at 7 p.m. Tonight's ceremony features graduates from the Colleges of Applied Science and Technology, Business Administration, and Polymer Science and Polymer Engineering. Congrats!

Speakers include Bill Considine (’69), president and CEO of Akron Children's Hospital and student responder Benjamin Stasik (B.S. in Emergency Management and Homeland Security, summa cum laude).

Read this graduate spotlight to learn more about Benjamin, who saved the lives of a mother and child while working full time as a firefighter in 2011: http://ow.ly/FJp96 #uakron14, Congratulations to all our Fall 2014 graduates! #ZippyMovie #uakron14, You're a mean one, Ms. Zippy. #ZippyMovie, B.S. in Civil Engineering? Check.
M.S. in Civil Engineering? Coming in 2015.
Ph.D. in Chemical Engineering? Plans are in the works!

Learn more about UA student Edward J. Machek Jr., who credits his Akron Experience with giving him confidence and growing his desire to take on challenges: http://ow.ly/FD5gK, The Fred A. Lennon Charitable Trust gift will support engineering scholarships while renovating an existing space into a technology-rich Swagelok Career Center as the new “front door” to the college. http://ow.ly/FGv4r, Zippy with your nose so bright...won't you guide the campus tour tonight? #ZippyMovie, Last night of Study Union events. Good luck with your exams! http://ow.ly/FCHTW, Snoopy who? Happiness is spending the holidays with ROO. #ZippyMovie, Free coffee tonight at the Study Union! http://ow.ly/FyZdW, Happy Finals Week! #ZippyMovie, Cram Jam, cookies, coffee & more! Power through finals with Monday's Study Union events: http://ow.ly/Fxm8r, This holiday, discover your inner roo. #ZippyMovie, Starting today, the Student Union becomes the Study Union, with extended hours and freebies to get you ready for finals. See the full schedule here: http://ow.ly/Fri5K, 35 years of TubaChristmas! http://ow.ly/FrcYg, Fall semester classes are almost over! Next stop: final exams. Good luck to all those students who've been working hard all semester long., #ThrowbackThursday to this video from a capella group nUAnce, performing a hilarious holiday medley. Check them out this Saturday, 12/6 at 8 p.m. in Leigh Hall for their FREE holiday concert!, Great view of campus! Where's your favorite spot to snap a pic at UA? (Photo via @elenastramm on Instagram), It’s #GivingTuesday! Zips far and wide are celebrating UA in all sorts of ways. Will you join them?, Relieve some stress this week by petting a therapy dog at Bierce Library! Some lucky students spent time with Goose, a member of Summa's WAGtime pet visitation program.

Meet more dogs on Tuesday from 11-3 pm and Wednesday from 11-1pm in the lobby of Bierce. Check out the full pre-finals list of activities here: http://ow.ly/FaW4w, Caption this.

(Photo courtesy of Brandyn Davis), Happy Thanksgiving!, Have a wonderful Thanksgiving break Zips! We're thankful for all of you!, So many opportunities to be thankful for, both in and out of the classroom. Which ones are you most thankful for this year?, She's your favorite professor, who makes class both interesting and fun. He's your RA, who keeps you involved and helps you feel at home. They're a group of staff members who make your Akron Experience something special. We're thankful for those who offer guidance. Give a shoutout in the comments to the people who offer this to you!, If you'll be away from your off-campus home during Thanksgiving, you may arrange to have an officer check your property over break. See if you're eligible and sign-up before Wed 11/26 at 8 a.m. http://ow.ly/EIn44, They help you with a project or stay by your side through a long study session. They make you laugh (sometimes without meaning to!). They're always up for an adventure, whether that's exploring a new place on campus or staying in for a late-night Netflix marathon. We're thankful for friends & classmates. Tag the people for whom you're thankful!, Zippy is thankful for all your votes. She may not have won the contest, but we all know she is the true Mascot of the Year!, Zippy needs your votes! She currently trails 49% to Buzz's 51%. Voting ends at midnight tonight and if Zippy doesn't hop ahead, she's out of the competition. SHARE this and go here to get your points in: https://capitalonemascots.com/mascots/mascot/zippy, What are UA students thankful for this year? Find out in the latest episode of AK Streetz: http://youtu.be/KT7tPvY5FL4, If Zippy wins the Mascot Challenge, you KNOW she'll be crowd surfing! But first, she needs your votes. If Zippy loses this week, she's out for good. Vote as much as you can before midnight tonight. THIS IS IT! http://ow.ly/EGcF7, Thanksgiving is just around the corner! What are you most looking forward to?

A. Having a break from school
B. Seeing friends & family
C. FOOD!, Read about one student's study abroad adventures in Italy! http://ow.ly/EFZoR, The weather sure changes quickly around here! These photos were taken just 3 weeks apart by student Ricardo Loza (@ricardo.loza on Instagram) outside the The University of Akron Student Recreation and Wellness Center. So cool!, The University of Akron Dance Company opened their Fall Concert last night. Performances run through 11/23. More info here: https://www.facebook.com/events/806495199397182/, You'll have to wait a little bit longer to see Akron Zips Football take down Kent State., Start your day by voting for Zippy! Remember, a loss this week means Zippy is eliminated from the competition. http://ow.ly/EAKbF, How's the snow treating you? Stay warm Zips!

(Photo via @corinapaige16 on Instagram. Follow us @uakron.), Last home game of the season! Senior night too!, Thanks to your votes, Zippy has made it all the way to the playoff round! But this time, a loss will take her out of the competition for good. Don't let her lose to Buzz (again!), vote now: http://ow.ly/Eqy9B, First campus snow! #SnowZips!

Photo by Brian Sloan (@sloandawg_Millz on Twitter), Do you want to build a snowroo? ❄️⛄️

Photo via @jbrojustin on Instagram. Share your best campus snow photos in the comments!, This week is Hunger & Homelessness Awareness Week. See how you can get involved at http://www.uakron.edu/HUNGER/, Attention Zippy fans! Zippy has lost her lead and needs YOUR VOTES to get it back. This is the final week before the playoffs, so vote as much as you can before midnight. Don't forget, you can submit your 50 & 100-pts entries up to 20 times from each of your social media accounts.

Vote here: https://capitalonemascots.com/mascots/mascot/zippy, Congratulations to Akron Zips Men's Soccer! MAC Tournament Champions!! Go Zips!, Zippy is rockin' her stache for No Shave November. Upload your photos to help her win this week's mascot challenge: http://ow.ly/EieAl, Quest for the MAC Championship begins tonight! Akron Zips Men's Soccer takes on Western Michigan at 7 p.m. in the semifinals. Grab your warmest Zips scarf and come on out! http://ow.ly/Eh5UI, Earlier this year, our campus introduced American Legion Post 808, becoming the nation's fifth American Legion Post on a college campus. With UA faculty, staff and alumni among more than half of its 50-plus military veteran members, the post serves as a valuable resource to UA student veterans, helping them with everything from course enrollment to establishing careers upon their graduation from college. #VeteransDay, Happy Veterans Day! Honoring our veterans with a week of tributes: http://ow.ly/E4YGo, It's the final week of the regular season in the #CapitalOneZippy match-up! A win this week will secure a nice spot in the play-offs. Vote now and find out why you might just be seeing Zippy with a mustache this week! http://ow.ly/E56F3, On Saturday, Akron Zips Men's Soccer earned their 10th-consecutive MAC regular-season title. Go Zips! http://ow.ly/E4BtA, Zippy's going for the upset this week! Give her a boost by submitting answers to the 50-pt question: "What is Zippy’s favorite tailgating game?"

Don't stop with just one answer! Max out the points by submitting 20 different answers via the FB app. You can submit them again via Twitter for double the points. Use our suggestions or come up with your own. 

Details here: https://capitalonemascots.com/mascots/mascot/zippy, Biomimicry, superheroes, and the Cavs were just a few of the topics of discussion at this special VIP lunch w/ President Scarborough and 10 high-achieving Akron children.

The students are part of the LeBron James Family Foundation's Wheels for Education program and its "I PROMISE" network. A must-read! http://ow.ly/DYTCC, Last night, The University of Akron School of Dance, Theatre, and Arts Administration opened their season with a steampunk version of the musical "Godspell." Check them out this weekend and next. Ticket & performance info here: http://ow.ly/DY1Tm, Zippy plays HOPscotch (her favorite tailgating game) w/ her buddies on Fox 8 News. Your votes are more important than ever this week as Zippy is the underdog. Make sure you're maxing out on your 50- & 100-point entries (you can do these 20 times per account!). Submit your posts here: http://ow.ly/DVjAE, Special screening tonight at 6:30 p.m. http://ow.ly/DV4c3, President Scarborough had some special lunch guests today: 10 lucky students from LeBron James's Akron I PROMISE Network.

Future Zips in the making!, Congratulations to students Nytasja Malone, Shanel O'Connor, Ashley Tasker and Dajah Bishop, who won free tuition at last night's Akron Zips Football game! http://ow.ly/DRi8I, It's #ZipsGameday! Akron Zips Football take on BGSU tonight at 8pm. We'll have a sign-making station (ESPN here we come!) and tons of giveaways, so get there early. Go Zips!, Zippy wants YOU to vote! She's up against an undefeated challenger this week and needs your support. Vote here: http://ow.ly/Dwei9 

Do your civic duty today, and then help out your favorite Roo too!, Tomorrow is Election Day! And yes, your vote DOES matter. #AKFastlane blogger Bailey gives her take: http://ow.ly/DwXO6, Who likes free stuff? Two fun events happening today in the Student Union.

UA Pride Day - Get pumped for tomorrow's Akron Zips Football Blackout Night with free popcorn & photos w/ members of the cheer, dance and football teams...Zippy too! Wear your favorite Zips gear and your blue & gold to win prize packs (including faculty/staff ticket giveaways). Runs from 11:30-1:30 p.m.

#GettinClassy: Bring your Spring 2015 schedule & receive a free #gettinclassy tshirt, a must-have every semester.

#GettinClassy will be at the SU on M/Tu/W from 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. and at The Rec on Tu/W from 5:30-7 p.m., Did you remember to "fall back"? We're celebrating the fall with this round-up of campus photos captured by our Zips! http://ow.ly/DvO12, Breaking Bad fans! RJ Mitte (Walt Jr.) is coming to campus! (insert your favorite breakfast joke here)., Zippy's channeling her inner ice queen this Halloween. Anyone want to build a snowman? Happy Halloween, Zips!, It's the perfect time of year to Fear the Roo! If you carved a Zip-o'-lantern this Halloween, we'd love to see it. Post to our Facebook wall to be added to the album. Get inspired with these examples and feel free to download our stencils for your own use: http://ow.ly/DiMdQ, One more day until Halloween...do you have your costume ready? We traveled to the Student Union to ask students about their costume plans. http://youtu.be/e2y2vCQfNf4?, Holy marsupial, Batman! #TBT to when Zippy dressed as the Dark Roo. Tomorrow we'll reveal her costume for this year's Halloween. Any guesses?, Just announced! This award is a true tribute to the performance of UA students. http://ow.ly/DwOr3, So proud of all our Make A Difference Day volunteers! Participants tweeted up a storm on Saturday and we've captured some of our favorite posts here. Enjoy!, This week's #CapitalOneZippy challenge goes out to all the Halloween lovers! Take photos of your carved pumpkins and enter them to help take down that school from Columbus...Submit entries and vote here: http://ow.ly/DtNEn 

For 100 points: Upload a photo/video of Zippy’s carved pumpkin.

For 50 points: If Zippy carved a pumpkin, what would she carve in it?

For 1 point: Vote online up to 50 times per day: http://ow.ly/DtNEn (new: you may now vote by email address)

Zippy is currently sitting comfortably in 3rd place overall. Next week, she faces an undefeated challenger, so we'll need all hands on deck!, UA and its partners in the Northeast Ohio Council on Higher Education (NOCHE) are among the finalists in the competition, and will be recognized at a ceremony in Washington, D.C., on Wednesday. http://ow.ly/Dq77w, The University was well represented Monday in Washington, D.C., as President Barack Obama pushed forward the work of the Advanced Manufacturing Partnership 2.0. http://ow.ly/DqiF8, RIP Coach Peters.

The University of Akron Department of Athletics announced today that former Director of Basketball Operations Dan Peters lost his battle with pancreatic cancer on Monday, Oct. 27. http://ow.ly/Dqh6v, Chef Richard Alford and students from our Hospitality Management Program had fun carving pumpkins on Fox 8 News this morning!, Looks like the FIT craze is really catching on! http://ow.ly/DiyN4, So proud of our students who dedicated their time to today's Make a Difference Day. Go Zips!, Members of Akron Zips Football, along with 200 other students, learned proper etiquette & networking skills at this event sponsored by The Career Center. http://ow.ly/DiOPk, It's the perfect time of year to Fear the Roo! If you carved a Zip-o'-lantern this Halloween, we'd love to see it. Post to our Facebook wall to be added to the album. Get inspired with these examples and feel free to download our stencils for your own use: http://ow.ly/DiMdQ, Have YOU ever seen a ghost on campus? (We're #21 on the list) http://ow.ly/Db2uo, They're back! And this time, they brought burritos. 

Chris & Willy are on a mission to save you $$ with Finish In Time 2.0. See how it pays: http://ow.ly/Dbbfe, Choreographers's Workshop begins tomorrow, featuring original works by our talented UA dancers. Learn more: http://ow.ly/Daign, Your campus tour. Now with more fall colors! 

Learn how to set-up a visit to campus: http://ow.ly/D7Bzp  (Photo via kullapa_c via Instagram), Is there an MBA in your future? Join us on Friday, 10/24 for an information session: http://ow.ly/D6zdG, The rock got a "Hey Arnold" makeover for Greek Week! Nice job by the men of Phi Delta Theta & ladies of Alpha Phi. (Photo via @Imthereason03 in Instagram), Zippy is sad. She's worried that she may lose this week's match-up! Help her out by getting as many points in as possible before midnight tonight. Don't wait until the last minute! Details here: https://capitalonemascots.com/mascots/mascot/zippy #CapitalOneZippy, It's our 10th year of participation in Make a Difference Day! http://ow.ly/CWcOJ, Zippy has her lunch ready for gameday. Go Zips!

Submit your sandwich pics & vote for Zippy here: http://ow.ly/CY5S6 #CapitalOneZippy, Give your pumpkin the Zip-o'-lantern treatment this Halloween! Here's some stencils to get you started: http://ow.ly/CVGoH 

Share your masterpieces on our FB page & we'll feature them around Halloween! (Photo by Cleveland Chick), We know you love Zippy! She could really use your help RIGHT NOW in this week's #CapitalOneZippy challenge. Vote 50 times everyday & submit your entries in the 50 & 100 point challenges to bring home the big points. Vote here: http://ow.ly/CVn4S 

It's a close race, but we know with your help, Zippy has this! Vote & share to spread the word! Don't wait until the last minute - get your votes in now., FALLing in ❤️ with fall! (Photo via Tyler Schwartz @Schwartzy26 on Instagram), With news breaking about another case of Ebola and the patient's recent visit to Summit County, we have updated our Ebola webpage to address concerns and answer questions.

The page includes Ebola facts and lists the precautions we have taken since early October, when the first Ebola patient in Dallas was diagnosed.

In short, we continue to work closely with the Summit County Health Department to maintain the highest level of campus safety.

The county health department has set up a hotline to answer questions. Call 330-926-3939. Learn more: http://ow.ly/CP51b, Congrats to Akron Zips Men's Soccer on their win last night! #GoZips http://ow.ly/CNJc9, Labyrinth glowing outside Buchtel Hall. Photo by Travis Boll via Instagram (@travboll)., Making magic happen in the Admissions office!, Campus is beautiful in the fall!

Instagram photo credits (l to r): @uakron, @heyyrayy11, @katekatitus, @stargirllexxi., Look what's new in the campus bookstore! , That's right, another WIN for Akron Zips Football! It's great to be a Zip!!! , Go Zips! Beat Miami! #ZipsGameday, Will you be getting ROWDY tomorrow? Akron Zips Football takes on Miami at 2 p.m. on Saturday. #ZipsGameday, The University of Akron was the big winner in the distribution of funding from the Ohio Third Frontier Commission. http://ow.ly/CwGqO , Looking forward to this Saturday's Fall Visit Day!, Have you spotted our commercial? Make sure to share it with the #FutureZip in your life :), Yesterday's Engineering & Science Career Fair was a big success! Welcoming more students, alumni and employers to campus today for the All-Campus Career Fair. http://ow.ly/Crb21 , The program, which combines coursework and faculty in the Departments of Psychology and Counseling, outranks programs at the University of Oregon, University of Maryland, and many other prestigious universities. http://ow.ly/Cofpk , Campus at dusk outside the Student Union. Photo by Dennis Roliff., One week until Piper Kerman (Orange is the New Black) comes to campus! Will we be seeing you there? Details: http://ow.ly/CnRwb , This is why you should #FearTheRoo., Make plans to attend the All-Campus Career Fair this week! http://ow.ly/CllQe , null, Homecoming rainbow! Great shot by Trevor Eiselt ('18)., It's a Homecoming WIN!!!!, Zippy's working on her fitness as she gets ready for Homecoming!

Lend her your support by uploading a photo/video of you working out while wearing your favorite Akron gear. Keep her on top in this week's #CapitalOneZippy match-up by voting here: http://ow.ly/Cg5Pj, Happy Homecoming!, Home. Photo by Kyle Troyer ('18) via Instagram (@kyletroyer22)., Homecoming game tomorrow! Akron Zips face Eastern Michigan at 2pm. See you on #ZipsGameDay!, Have an idea for making Akron a more vibrant place to live and work? Share your thoughts at this cool event: http://ow.ly/CcVho , Just days away from Homecoming 2014! Get the scoop here: http://ow.ly/CcrNY, The competition features 20 participants from UA: http://ow.ly/CbdNT #AkronArtPrize, Sammy Adams performs tonight in honor of Homecoming! Free for students, details here: http://ow.ly/CaBYG, Time to grab your Akron gear & hit the gym! This week's #CapitalOneZippy challenge has a workout theme.

The University of Akron Student Recreation and Wellness Center is making it easy for you to take photos for this week's challenge. See a staff member when you arrive and don't forget to rock your Akron gear!

Learn more about this week's challenge and get your votes in now! http://ow.ly/C888t, Congratulations to The University of Akron College of Business Administration for this great recognition! http://ow.ly/C6TrC, Former UA president, Dr. Marion A. Ruebel, dies at 81: http://ow.ly/C5nZJ , Roo Alert! Zippy has fallen behind Cocky in the final hours of voting. Get your points in now before midnight (and recruit your friends too!) -----> http://ow.ly/C2Vya #CapitalOneZippy, It's been a winning weekend so far for the Akron Zips! But there's one more win within our reach. Thanks to you, Zippy took back the lead from Cocky last night...but a lot can happen between now and midnight. It's time to rally for Zippy! Here's what you can do:

1. Vote! Individual votes count as 1 point, and you can do it 50 times a day. Vote here: http://ow.ly/C2rRE 

2. Do the 50- and 100- point challenges. This is where the big points come in. You can do each of these challenges up to 20 times a week, per social media account. Make sure you're participating on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. If you've only done it once or twice this week, you still have an opportunity to get some points in. Learn more about the challenges here: http://ow.ly/C2rRE 

3. SHARE this post! Recruit more supporters for Zippy by sharing this post on your personal Facebook profile, and by tagging your friends in the comments section.

Cocky is another former champion and so far is undefeated...a win this week will be HUGE for Zippy! Vote now: http://ow.ly/C2rRE #CapitalOneZippy, Don't be a Grumpy Cat. Let's get Zippy back into 1st place this week! Vote Zippy for Mascot of the Year here: http://ow.ly/C02JI #CapitalOneZippy, This just in!, And they're off! Best of luck to the Akron Marathon participants. Give a shoutout in the comments if you know a Zip who is participating!, Zippy's animal friends turned up to bring in the big points this week. And the music? If you know your cat videos, it might sound familiar... 

Get your votes in now at http://ow.ly/BZUtI #CapitalOneZippy, Forbes ranks Akron #13 on its list of "Opportunity Cities.", #ThrowbackThursday: Zippy's yearbook photo. Look's like our favorite roo has always been an animal lover!

Upload a photo/video of your pet being Zippy’s biggest fan to earn 100 points in this week's mascot challenge. Enter up to 20 times a week to earn maximum points. Enter now: http://ow.ly/BVbN1, Our annual China Week celebration kicks off this Friday! http://ow.ly/BT6xR , “I’m very grateful for the way the University has increased its services for veterans,” says Downey, a 2005 graduate of Stow High School. “The people in the Military Services Center are so supportive, especially with helping veterans receive academic credit for military training and service. To sum it up in one phrase — they go above and beyond.” http://ow.ly/BSPv7 , Loving all the great #CapitalOneZippy pet submissions! Here are a few examples from our furry-legged friends...and a few fishies too!

Submit your own photos or videos of your pet supporting Zippy by uploading them through Zippy's voting page with #CapitalOneZippy. Each one is worth 100 points and you can enter up to 20 times per week, per account. It's a VERY close race and Zippy needs all the points she can get! Enter photos here: http://ow.ly/BSkWg, Busted! Student Hannah Adams has been caught reading a banned book. Her choice? The Crucible. #uafREADom

University Libraries at The University of Akron is celebrating the freedom to read with student-designed displays, interactive exhibits and programming in honor of Banned Book Week. Learn more: http://ow.ly/BPhsk, President Scott Scarborough was installed Friday as UA's 16th president in a modern ceremony that celebrated the University, its students and the power of public higher education. See speech highlights and photos: http://ow.ly/BPZGD, It's National Voter Registration Day! We've partnered with TurboVote to help make the process super easy for students (staff & faculty too!) 

Today is the DEADLINE to use this tool to register, so take a few minutes and do it now: http://www.uakron.edu/turbovote/, Thrilled to announce this new program, open to ANY MAJOR! 

First information session is tonight, 5-6 p.m. in Kolbe Hall: http://ow.ly/BOXHl , Do you think Zippy is a "Cat" or "Dog" person? And by person, we mean ROO! Answer this week's 50 & 100 point challenges and vote 50 times every day. This week is going to be a FIGHT! http://ow.ly/BMqFR , Dave Berg, co-producer for Jay Leno’s "Tonight Show" and "The Jay Leno Show" for over 18 years, visits campus tomorrow. Free & open to the public!, null, Get ready...it's #ZipsGameDay! Akron Zips Football faces Marshall at home, 2 p.m.

Students - free "Z-Gate" tailgate on Vine St. starts at 11:30 a.m.!, During Investiture, attendees viewed a special video presentation, "The Power and The Promise of Public Education." Please enjoy!, It's official. Congratulations to Dr. Scarborough, 16th President of The University of Akron!, Today's the day! http://ow.ly/BHgO0 , Akron Zips Women's Tennis opened its fall schedule today on brand new courts! Head coach Brandon Padgett, Director of Athletics Tom Wistrcill, and University President Dr. Scott Scarborough participated in a ribbon-cutting ceremony at 8:30 a.m. at the new on-campus tennis facility, located just south of InfoCision Stadium across Exchange Street. Dr. Scarborough even faced tennis star Olga Shkundina for the official first point!, Sneak peek of tomorrow's Investiture of President Scarborough. We hope you'll join us. RSVP: http://ow.ly/3qWMC5, 24 hours until President Scarborough's Investiture! We're getting ready for the big day, and so is student Calvin Miller, who's been busy perfecting his quick-change skills. We hope to see you tomorrow for this historic day., For the alumni - which one was your president?, "When I first arrived here, I was afraid to say hi because of my accent, but my coaches and my teammates helped me a lot. I can't imagine what I would have done without them."

When Olga Shkundina started at UA at age 15, she could barely speak English. Now, this Akron Zips Women's Tennis star is close to earning her bachelor's degree in sport management. http://ow.ly/BCoXB , Here's another reason to get pumped for this Saturday's Akron Zips Football game! Free tailgate + free student tickets = can't miss Saturday!, #TransformationTuesday:

If you've been out on Buchtel Common lately, you may have noticed a few changes. 

The top photo features the old Dorothy Garrett Martin Fountain, which had been inoperative for years. The cost to restore the fountain would have been great, so no water could flow. When an emergency repair became necessary outside the Bierce Library, it became an opportunity to transform this landmark. 

The bottom photo features the new & improved space. The top of the fountain remains as a tribute to Dorothy Garrett Martin, while the area around it now includes a garden and seating area. We hope you enjoy!, Students have been busy signing this banner for Dr. Scarborough in honor of his upcoming investiture on Friday.

This is UA's first investiture in 15 years and you are invited! Read more and reserve a free seat: http://ow.ly/Bzrpw, Diversity Weeks begins today! The week will be filled with events aimed toward celebrating diversity and appreciating what we can learn from our diverse campus community. http://ow.ly/BvPYd , Voting closes in just a few hours and the race is too close! If you haven't gotten in your 50 daily votes for Zippy, do it now! Remember, you can do the other challenges up to 20 times per week, per social media account. Go for the big points and help Zippy take it home!, Voting closes at midnight tonight. Zippy wants to ZIP to the top and it's still very, very close. http://ow.ly/BtYaq #CapitalOneZippy, Vote for Zippy: http://ow.ly/3qFeNV #CapitalOneZippy, The ZIPTEMBER Jamboree is coming your way beginning next week! Free food & entertainment, plus the chance to win prizes for some eating competitions and the "Where's Zippy?" contest. 

Get the scoop here: http://ow.ly/BqofP , We hate to bring you bad news on a Friday, but Zippy is LOSING in this week's match-up!

Time to get your 50 votes in and do the 50 & 100 point challenges (which are super fun this week!) 

SHARE THIS and vote now: http://ow.ly/BqDla , Look who made the cover of the Akron Beacon Journal Community page! Congrats on all the wonderful praise, Class of 2018. We're looking forward to all the great things you'll do. #uakron18

Learn more about this impressive group here: http://ow.ly/Bqjhb, Vote Zippy! Vote here: http://ow.ly/BoTxA, In remembrance of September 11, 2001, we have placed 1,000 flags around the Student Union. Each flag represents approximately 3 lives lost, in honor of the 2,977 victims killed in New York City, Washington DC and outside of Shanksville, Pennsylvania.

This display has been sponsored by Student Life since 2011. We invite our campus community to join serveAkron today from 11am-1pm in the Student Union to pay tribute to 9/11 by committing to doing a good deed and helping others in need. Donations are also being taken to support the Wounded Warriors Project.

If you cannot attend in person, feel free to share your good deed or heartfelt message in the comments, or visit http://www.911day.org/. Learn more about the Wounded Warriors Project and make a donation here: http://www.woundedwarriorproject.org/. #911day #NeverForget, Make sure you're signed up for our free Z-Alert emergency text-messaging system. Know when campus closes or when a situation arises that immediately affects safety: http://www.uakron.edu/safety/z-alert.dot, Evening classes on main campus are officially canceled for Wed 9/10., Zippy was ranked #5 in the pre-season ratings and has already risen to the #2 spot! But you know Zippy...she's destined for the top.

Keep voting to keep her in the lead...and prepare to pull out some major stops when she faces the #1 pick Cocky starting on 9/22! Vote here: http://ow.ly/BlLhh , Earlier today, the Biology Department's Neuroscience in Health and Disease class took on the #ALSIceBucketChallenge as a group! Students also made donations totaling $330, which was matched by the faculty & staff of the department. Great job Zips!

See the full video here: http://youtu.be/UbwfUBMvbYk, Many great names in this year's line-up, including Neil deGrasse Tyson and Piper Kerman (Orange is the New Black). Who are you most excited to see? http://ow.ly/BiJpA , Love the creativity of our students! Check out these chalk drawings from Speech-Language Pathology major Kaylee Purdy ('15). Thanks for helping bring some joy to our campus sidewalks Kaylee!, Zippy is 2-0 so far...but so is this week's challenger. Time to rally for Zippy! Vote here: http://ow.ly/BeqWY , Happy #ZipsGameDay! Who's ready to watch Akron Zips Football? #BeatPennState, Get ready to have this stuck in your head all weekend!

Zippy is wiggling her way to victory in this week's Mascot Challenge. Don't forget to submit your photos/videos of you doing some fancy dance moves of your own. Deadline to enter is this Sunday at midnight! Details here: http://ow.ly/B9qu0  #CapitalOneZippy #WiggleWiggleWiggle , Zippy stopped by WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland to show off some dance moves and discuss her run for Mascot of the Year!

This week's challenge runs until Sunday. Vote here: http://ow.ly/B8dbS , The Akron Police Department will be out in full force this weekend to prevent large gatherings from growing out of control. Violations of underage drinking and open-container laws may lead to arrest and large parties will be shut down. Remember, UA’s Student Code of Conduct applies both on AND off campus!

Read more for tips on keeping good partying from going bad: http://ow.ly/B6mb9 , I think we all know who the best mascot is, right Zips?

Zippy won't face Brutus until Oct. 27, but you can start showing your support for your favorite Roo right now: http://ow.ly/B5pl3 , Who's counting down for Akron Zips Basketball?! Full schedules just announced.

Akron Zips Men's Basketball: http://ow.ly/B3DhY 
Akron Zips Women's Basketball: http://ow.ly/B3DBs , Kris Allen performs today at Rock the Roo! Free for students with Zip Card (pizza & tshirts too!), We are excited to announce that nearly 70 students were named to the inaugural President's List for their outstanding academic achievement during summer 2014. To qualify, students must be undergraduates, enrolled full-time and must achieve a 4.0 grade point average for the semester. They join close to 200 additional students who were named to the Dean's List. Congrats to all!

President's List: http://ow.ly/B0t3Y 
Dean's List: http://ow.ly/B0sVd, UA junior Tyeal Howell and AVP for Student Success Dr. Stacey Moore sat down with WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland to talk tips for easing into college life. What advice would you recommend?, Zippy won her first match-up thanks to you! But this week will be a bigger challenge. Take a minute to vote 50 times for Zippy and complete some 50 & 100 point challenges: http://ow.ly/AWEyH, Students get great discounts to E.J. Thomas Hall and UA Events. Anyone planning to check out Pentatonix? http://ow.ly/ASlan , Week One is almost over! Not gonna lie, Zippy has been a powerhouse when it comes to getting votes from her favorite Zips! Voting for the week ends at midnight, so make sure you post your 50 & 100 point challenges in time. A new challenge awaits next week!

Vote here: http://ow.ly/ASkas, Your Zip Card now gets you a free ride on the METRO! Details: http://ow.ly/ASkfM , Have a lovely Labor Day weekend! If you're planning to grill, make sure you think of your pal Zippy and go for those 100 bonus points! The challenge ends on Sunday at midnight: http://ow.ly/ASjhv, Want to show the Facebook world that you are Zippy's #1 fan? Visit http://www.gozips.com/VoteForZippy to download your own custom images. And don't forget to vote for Zippy!, What a week it's been! From move-in to the start of classes (and now last night's WIN for Akron Zips Football!), we've had a wonderful time welcoming students back to campus. Relive some highlights of #NewRooWeekend. (y), Just in: Akron Zips Football win first game of the season!, It's #ZipsGameDay! Wear your Akron gear to show off your spirit and post your photos to our wall. See you tonight! #UAPrideDay, Tomorrow is #UAPrideDay! Wear your favorite Zips gear and show off your spirit. We'll be collecting photos of the most festive Zips all day long. Share yours with us by posting to our Facebook wall, or on Twitter/Instagram with #UAPrideDay. 

See you on Thursday night as Akron Zips Football face off against Howard at InfoCision!, UA is well represented on this list! What's your favorite Akron fact?, Good morning Zips! Time to get your 50 votes in: http://ow.ly/AKBmS 

Have you tried either the 50 or 100 point challenges? Both have a grilling theme this week, perfect as you get ready for tailgating and BBQ activities., Ok, who nominated the Chihuly sculpture for the #ALSIceBucketChallenge?! ;), Wow! The Class of 2018 sure is a bunch of smarties :) So proud, can't wait to see all the success you'll have. http://ow.ly/AJmAZ , Day 2 and Zippy is off to a strong lead! But it's going to take consistent, daily voting to keep her there. Vote up to 50 times a day and complete bonus challenges for extra points. Vote here: http://ow.ly/AJiio, Beautiful weather on the first day of classes here in Akron. Hope the day treated you well wherever you are!, Everything you need to vote for Zippy! Vote up to 50 times per day and complete additional 50 & 100 point challenges to help ZIP her to the top.

Dive into voting here: https://capitalonemascots.com/mascots/mascot/zippy, Happy First Day of Class!, Thanks for a great #NewRooWeekend! Time to get ready for the start of fall semester. But first...

(photo courtesy of @cheetozito13 on Twitter), From kick-off to Convocation, the Class of 2018 is in for a great weekend! Photos collected from submissions using the #NewRooWeekend hashtag across social media. Find your pics and tag yourself & friends!, Zips have been sharing photos and tweets from move-in. See if yours made our round-up: http://ow.ly/ACDZ6 , Campus is coming alive as students move into residence halls and return for fall term. Some highlights from this year's move-in week. Make sure to tag yourself!!, Experience #AkronMoveIn through the eyes of this must-have accessory: Mr. Cart., #TBT Last fall's #UAPrideDay!

You have one week to perfect your look for this fall's UA Pride Day. Wear your Akron gear and blue & gold with pride on Thurs, 8/28 as Akron Zips Football takes on Howard in the first home game of the year. Games are free for students - see you at #ZipsGameDay!, Welcome back! Can't wait to see more from The Buchtelite this year: http://ow.ly/AzsyR , Experts rank Zippy at #5. But YOU know that Zippy is always #1.

Get ready to start voting. The 2014 Capital One Mascot Challenge is coming. #CapitalOneZippy
http://www.philsteele.com/Blogs/2014/AUG14/DBAugust20.html, Campus is coming alive as students move into residence halls and return for fall term. Some highlights from this year's move-in week. Make sure to tag yourself!!, Welcome back Zips! It's gonna be a great year :), Congrats summer grads! Tag and share these photos with your friends and family to remember this special day.

Photos from summer commencement activities on Saturday, August 16, 2014.

Saturday, Aug. 16, 10 a.m.
Buchtel College of Arts and Sciences
College of Polymer Science and Polymer Engineering
Summit College (College of Applied Science and Technology)
Student speaker: Angela DelBrocco, B.A. in Business and Organizational Communication 

Saturday, Aug. 16, 2 p.m.
The University of Akron College of Business Administration
The University of Akron College of Education
The University of Akron College of Engineering
University of Akron College of Health Professions
The University of Akron Wayne College
Student speaker: Ashley N. Ackelson, B.S. in Accounting, summa cum laude, A dash of blue & gold as we get ready for #AkronMoveIn! Can't wait to see our Zips back on campus tomorrow., Just added more tweets and photos from our Summer Grads to the #uakron14 slideshow. Did we find yours?, Great opportunity for students interested in political science: http://ow.ly/AstN4 , Gonna be a great year for our Akron Zips - including everyone's favorite Roo! Get ready to spend all your time voting Zips :) Voting details coming soon, read this more more details: http://ow.ly/ArA3O , Happy graduation to our #uakron14 summer grads! Take it in and enjoy the day.

(Photos from graduates Jamie Germuska & Shaylla Barbie Monique Smith), The day is almost here, summer grads! Everything you need to know about tomorrow's commencement ceremonies: http://www.uakron.edu/graduation/ #uakron14, Hey Akron Zips Football fans! Two free events taking place this weekend that you'll want to check out., Less than a week to go! What are your "must-have" items for Res Hall life? #AkronMoveIn, Ida, you are amazing! http://ow.ly/AkfC9 , Our brand new virtual tour is LIVE! Give it a whirl and let us know what you think in the comments :), Ashley Ackelson followed in her dad's footsteps when she chose UA. Now she'll be speaking at graduation. Here's her story: http://ow.ly/AfCGx #uakron14, Just one more thing to look forward to when classes start up! Who's hungry?, Meet Angela. After transferring to UA, this soon to be graduate put her creative talents to use both in the classroom and through activities and internships. She'll be speaking on behalf of the Summer 2014 graduates this Saturday: http://ow.ly/AcNfI #uakron14, We're gearing up to host Gay Games Cleveland events all week long! http://ow.ly/A6FRo , Summer grads! One more week until the big day. Start sharing your photos now by posting to our wall or using #uakron14., President Scarborough is on the scene of a packed InfoCision Stadium–Summa Field for LeBron James's Homecoming! #AkronIsHome #WelcomeHomeLeBron, Room decor? Check. Make sure you have everything you need to live on campus: http://ow.ly/A74OM 

(Photo via Allison Guenther), #TBT To last year's incoming class during the Welcome Walk to the JAR. Students are officially welcomed to UA at Convocation, held the day before the first day of fall classes. Can't wait to welcome the Class of 2018 in just over two weeks! #uakron18 #NewRooWeekend, We're getting ready to welcome home LeBron James! Will we be seeing you on Friday? http://ow.ly/A3T2w , UA is the only Ohio college on the list. http://ow.ly/A27Yz , Two weeks until move-in!, Facebook cover need an upgrade? Device crave a new wallpaper? A few options for making your stuff a bit more...zippy :), null, Morning classes have their perks. 😉

(Photo via @nickfelt on Instagram. Follow us @uakron.)., Fun times at Cleveland Browns Family Day!

(Photo via @TheNLDude on Twitter.), Who's excited for some Akron Zips Football?! (and maybe a bit of Brown's Family Day action tomorrow too?), A parking update in advance of tomorrow's Browns Family Day: , Today's the day that freshmen are learning their room assignments! If you lived in a campus Res Hall, where did you stay?, One of the team's first actions is to require incoming undergraduates to take an interactive, online learning module that provides additional tools to help them make informed decisions about sex, drugs, alcohol and relationships. http://ow.ly/zN3WF , More tickets to the "Welcome Home LeBron Celebration" will be offered tonight (Wed. 7/30) at 6 p.m. Available here: https://oss.ticketmaster.com/aps/zips/EN/buy/details/14LEBRON, Last year they finished 8th in the world. This year they are going for a top 5 finish: http://ow.ly/zKjex , Aww! Our summer visitors took so many great photos & tweeted such nice things about their time on campus, that we just had to share with everyone: http://ow.ly/zIQj0 , Are you excited to welcome LeBron back to Akron?, UA soccer games are memorable events for many Zips...but for alumni Christina Marion ('11) & Rob Drsek ('13), it was the place where they first met and said "I love you" for the first time. Christina was in a for a surprise this past Saturday when Rob popped the question in front of both their families.

Christina graduated in 2011 with a degree in Radio/TV Productions and is currently working for the Cleveland Indians and Cleveland Browns. Rob is a 2013 graduate with a degree in Civil Engineering and currently works for First Energy as a Nuclear Engineer. They both share amazing memories from their time at UA.

Oh, and in case you were wondering...she said YES! Congrats to the happy couple., When was the first time you visited campus? For many of our Summer Visit Day participants, it was today! #FutureZips, Hey parents! We've created a Facebook page just for you. If you are the parent of a current Zip, head on over and give it a "like." , UA is a proud sponsor of Gay Games Cleveland. Today (7/24) only, Zips can receive a special 10% discount on tickets to the Opening Ceremony with code GOALLOUT. For every ticket purchased, Pier W will donate an additional $10! Buy them here: http://bit.ly/Vnp3iP 

Want a chance to win a free dinner at Pier W? Head on over to our Twitter account @uakron for details :), Favorite event you've attended at E.J. Thomas Hall and UA Events?

Photo via @kpax14 on Instagram. Follow us @uakron., It's almost that time again!, ICYMI: Akron one of just seven schools to receive this honor. http://ow.ly/zpKA1 , He retired from UA, but Ronald (Ron) McDonald may have found a new career: actor. Check him and the other Ronalds out in this new ad from Taco Bell. Original story here: http://ow.ly/zpiOz , Little Addison is ready to cheer on the Zips! Parents Jessica and Drew Salyer ('10) must be very proud.

Check out more young fans on Pinterest & add your own to our FB wall: http://www.pinterest.com/uakron/born-a-zip/, #ThrowbackThursday: Once upon a time, traffic flowed down the middle of campus on Buchtel Ave. Today, the road has been replaced by a brick walking path that is traversed daily by Zips heading to class., Another round of summer classes begin today. Shoutout to all those taking part!, #ThrowbackThursday: Ever wait in line to register for classes at the original Spicer Hall? 

If those arches look familiar, it's because they now line the path leading to The University of Akron Student Recreation and Wellness Center, which stands in that location today., Grads Wes, Zak and Arin Steiner took their UA spirit to the beach! How are you showing off your UA pride this summer?, Can working moms have it all? UA researcher says YES in Time magazine. , Ah, Zip love! Did you have a "Blue & Gold" wedding? If your engagement or wedding had a UA twist, we want to see your photos.

Post them to our wall and we'll add them to our Pinterest board: http://www.pinterest.com/uakron/blue-gold-weddings/

(Pictured: UA grads Meghan and Cameron Pishnery, who met on campus the night before graduation!), Have a safe and happy 4th of July! #GoZips!, On his first day as president (Tuesday, July 1, 2014), Dr. Scarborough took part in a student-led campus tour with students Jay Jackman, Jimmie Bennett, Kara Riccardi and Mallory Kennedy., “The students are always the best part of the job.”, We <3 summer...especially when the fountain lights come on at night! 

(Photo by @dkminerovic via Instagram. Follow us @uakron), Get to know President Scarborough: http://www.uakron.edu/president/, What tour would be complete without a campus selfie? Student leaders Jay Jackman, Jimmie Bennett, Kara Riccardi and Mallory Kennedy served as tour guides for President Scarborough's first day on campus. Welcome to UA!, Thank you. http://bit.ly/1pPAI2N, Quite the impressive Roo collection. Can you guess the owner?, Monday is Dr. Proenza’s official last day as President of The University of Akron. After more than 15 years of leading UA through significant growth & transformation, we wish him best of luck in all that comes next.

Leave your well wishes in the comments below! #ThankYouDrP, Big day for Team USA...we'll be rooting for DeAndre Yedlin and the rest of #USMNT here in Akron. How 'bout you?, WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland spoke to Yedlin's former Akron Zips Men's Soccer teammates and coaches. Did you catch him in action here at Akron?, Do you love to get crafty when showing off your Zips Pride? Post your photos to our wall!

We'll add them to our Pinterest page: http://www.pinterest.com/uakron/akron-diy/

(Photo by Mackenzie Gittinger), Zips go on to do amazing things...including playing in the #WorldCup! Go DeAndre Yedlin! #ZipsInBrazil, Beautiful Akron sunset from earlier in the week. Thanks to Dakota Wyer ('18) for the photo!, The summer tradition returns! http://bit.ly/1stkCBq, Wonderful day of summer tours!, Hey Browns fans! Will you be attending Family Day? http://bit.ly/1w3kEhE, Puppies on campus! See why these guys spent the dog days of summer at UA: http://bit.ly/1srHmBK, What is/was your major and why did you choose it?, Great way for girls in middle and high school to learn about careers in engineering: http://bit.ly/1soLTVF, Hang on to your t-shirts Zips; they might end up in the Smithsonian one day! http://bit.ly/1soa72j, Know a high school junior or senior interested in checking out Akron? SHARE this with them: http://bit.ly/1ua4eDo, 10:41 a.m. - Power has been restored to the McDowell Law Center. The building is open and operating normally.  All classes will continue as scheduled., 9:07 a.m. - The McDowell Law Center currently is closed as it is experiencing a temporary electrical outage.  Crews are working diligently to resolve the situation.  It is anticipated power will be restored in a few hours.  Check homepage for updates: http://www.uakron.edu/, Dr. Hazel Barton, an associate professor of biology at UA, was awarded $94,407 for her ongoing research of white-nose syndrome: http://bit.ly/1vvrEnb, Welcome to Dr. Amis! Learn more: http://bit.ly/1siJQ5m, Cheering on #USMNT today, how 'bout you? Watch for former Akron Zips Men's Soccer player DeAndre Yedlin!

#GoUSA #GoZips #WorldCup, The University of Akron School of Law has once again landed on the National Jurist/Pre-Law Insider's list of Best Value law schools: http://bit.ly/1siNqMN, Go Annika! #GoZips!, Happy Father's Day to all those Zip Dads out there!

Proud to have a variety of different fathers studying, working and graduating from our campus. Read about a few of them here: http://bit.ly/1v5m4rA?, Surprise proposal on campus last night! With an assist from some friends, student Ryan Wade asked alumna Mandy Walters to marry him...and she said YES!

Congrats Ryan and Mandy!

See this story with video from Fox 8 News: http://bit.ly/1sbtPyd, We asked our campus community to nominate co-workers, students or alumni who really put a “zip” into being a dad. Enjoy this album of awesome Zip dads as we come up on Father's Day. Read more about what it means to be a father from professor of psychology Ronald Levant: http://bit.ly/1v5m4rA?

Do you know a Zip dad? Give them a s/o in the comments!, Good luck to the Akron Zips Track & Field and Cross Country athletes competing this week: http://bit.ly/1uXqSz6, The crowd gave Dr. Proenza two standing ovations in recognition of his 15 years of service that transformed both the campus and the greater Akron community. http://bit.ly/1s3j8h1, New from our Dance Program: Destination Dance Project is coming this summer. http://bit.ly/1s2SGUI, Another Zip headed to MLB!, ICYMI: Our own UA researchers have developed a transparent electrode that could change the face of smartphones, literally, by making their displays shatterproof. 

Here's an article from IFLScience: http://bit.ly/1s0m26c, First day of summer classes! Say "hi" to John Buchtel if you see him on your way to class., Today is National Best Friends Day! Is your BFF a fellow Zip? Give them a shoutout in the comments.

Pictured are Bethany Brott and Mallory Wilson, nursing majors who were matched up as freshman-year roommates. Add your own photos of your Zip BFFs below. (photo via @bbrott7 on Instagram), Are you picking up a treat on #NationalDonutDay? Think we'll swing by The University of Akron Rob's Café for one of these (and maybe follow up at The University of Akron Student Recreation and Wellness Center!), Ugh, a shattered screen is the worst! But thanks to UA researchers, they may be a thing of the past. http://bit.ly/1umI2WO, null, One of our favorite features on campus? The fountains on Coleman Common!, Orientation selfie! Welcome to Akron!, Cool aerial views of campus via Buckeye Drone! Check out more photos here: http://bit.ly/1rDNBC6, A for Akron! Looks like our new students had fun at orientation. 👍

(Photo via @olivia_rita on Instagram), This summer, Zippy is learning to surf! What new adventure are you taking on this summer?

(Photo via @clayton_thelegend on Instagram), Eight Zips advance to the national meet this weekend - a new program-high! http://bit.ly/1u8ROM2, First-year students will read "Orange is the New Black" as part of this year's Common Reading Program. Gotta admit, we're pretty jealous :)

Learn more about the program: uakron.edu/u/p2uov, null, Hosted a farewell reception for Jim Tressel this week. Good luck at YSU! Read more about the event here: http://ow.ly/xpbt6 

(Photo via Steve Allen), If you were designing the perfect walking tour of campus, what spot would be a "must-see"?, Perfect way for high school juniors and seniors to learn about life at UA! Visit us on June 20 or July 25. Sign up here: uakron.edu/u/sm14j, Nypaver could neither speak nor read a word of Mandarin before taking courses as a freshman. uakron.edu/u/studychina, If you could study abroad, where would you go?, The National Student Steel Bridge Competition came to the University of Akron College of Engineering for the first time in event history this past weekend. 

See photos & video: uakron.edu/u/PI77D, Happy Memorial Day. Remembering those we have lost in service to our country. Special thank you to those veterans in the UA family., Over 7,600 students made the Dean's List over spring semester! Check your email to claim your Merit badge and check out the full list here: http://ow.ly/xcllC, Yes!, 100 years of Engineering - here's to 100 more!, Huge s/o to former Akron Zips Men's Soccer player DeAndre Yedlin for making the U.S. World Cup roster! First player in program history - congrats DeAndre! http://ow.ly/xbmDu , Fun fact: The College of Engineering welcomed it 100th class of students this past fall. More than 750 freshmen became part of the College's largest undergraduate class to date!, Meet Minnie Pritchard, the College of Engineering's third female graduate ('55). Here she is reminiscing about her days as an engineering student during a recent visit to campus.  

On average, one woman graduated from the College each year from the 1950s to the mid-1970s. Today, approximately 70 women graduate each year with Bachelor of Science in Engineering degrees. To date, more than 1,290 women have graduated from the College., Celebrating 100 years of the College of Engineering with a Centennial Banquet tonight! Are you a UA engineer? Comment below with your program/grad year., Over the weekend, Zips Racing placed 5th out of 109 teams from around the world and 2nd among US teams at the 2014 Michigan Formula SAE competition. 

They are now ranked 7th internationally! See the full world ranking: http://ow.ly/x7aJv, Did you know? The nation's first aerospace systems engineering graduates just crossed the stage right here in Akron., This weekend, Akron plays host to the National Student Steel Bridge Competition. Looking forward to welcoming civil engineers from 50 schools across the country! http://ow.ly/x68Zd , Since 1914, The University of Akron has been preparing future engineers to make lasting contributions to the well-being of our society.

This week, we are celebrating 100 years of educating engineers! Learn more at http://www.uakron.edu/engineering/100/, Looks like these #FutureZips have been having a great time at summer orientation. Welcome to UA!, Gorgeous day on the Common. Get out and enjoy it Zips!, Once again, nature inspires science: http://ow.ly/x0Asg , In only their second year as a club, University of Akron Club Baseball has made it to the NCBA 2014 World Series! http://ow.ly/wWeB5, The odds were one in 15 million that this would happen. But it did! http://ow.ly/wTCyt , Congratulations to the Class of 2014! Tag and share these photos with your friends and family to remember this special day.

Photos cover commencement activities on Friday, May 9 to Sunday, May 11.

-------
Friday, May 9, 2014
The University of Akron College of Business Administration
The University of Akron College of Engineering

Saturday, May 10, 2014
10 a.m. - Buchtel College of Arts and Sciences (undergraduate)
2 p.m. - Buchtel College of Arts and Sciences (graduate) & Summit College

Sunday, May 11, 2014
The University of Akron College of Education
The University of Akron Wayne College
College of Polymer Science and Polymer Engineering, Zips sent spring semester off in style at this year's SpringFest! Don't forget to tag yourself in the photos :), Look who has the top men's athletic program in the MAC! This is a major milestone for Akron Zips Athletics - the first in program history! #GoZips, null, You did it Zips! We've created a slideshow from the social media posts our grads made over commencement weekend. Check it out here: https://storify.com/uakron/graduates-uakron14, Today, the UA community hosted a welcoming reception for Dr. Scott L. Scarborough, 16th president. Formal remarks by President Luis Proenza and Board Chair Richard W. Pogue preceded an address by Scarborough to the campus. Scarborough was joined by his wife Tammy. Welcome to the Zips family!, null, This weekend, over 3200 graduates were honored at commencement ceremonies. Leave your congratulations in the comments!

(Photo via @joeswann_ on Instagram), Caps off to all our 2014 graduates! See photos and more: http://ow.ly/wHbBY 

(Photo via Kayla Bayless), This spring's must-have photo: a #DrPSelfie! 

It's Dr. Proenza's final full commencement weekend. Can't wait for our 3,200+ graduates to hear his addresses., Today, the Board of Trustees selected Dr. Scott L. Scarborough as the 16th president of The University of Akron. Welcome to the Zips family Dr. Scarborough! #UAkronPres

Learn more about Dr. Scarborough: http://ow.ly/wDM5s, Akron is in the spotlight in this new book from UA alumnus and assistant professor of English David Giffels: http://ow.ly/wCXSw , Looks like #uakron14 grad Chelsea is "Up" for her next adventure! Check out this slideshow as students prepare to graduate this weekend: http://ow.ly/wB5bS 

(Photo via @chelsea_hoch on Instagram), “Medicine was not an easy decision...I didn’t tell anyone for a long time. What if I failed? But I had one affirmative experience build on another, and solidify into me coming to the decision that I can really do this."

Stephen McNulty, Spring Class of 2014 student responder on Saturday, May 10 at 10 a.m. Learn more about him: http://ow.ly/wxDGk, How the time flies! Make the most of this week, whether that means studying for (and acing!) exams, spending time with friends, or preparing for graduation. Go Zips!

(Photo by @pashupati256 on Instagram. Follow us @uakron), "You have to take advantage of the opportunities you are given. The opportunities presented to me allowed me to get a lot more out of college.”

Gabrielle Dimengo, Spring Class of 2014 student responder on Friday, May 9. Learn more about her: http://ow.ly/wxsPJ, Good luck on your finals this week Zips!, Congratulations, Class of 2014! Get the scoop on this weekend's commencement activities: http://ow.ly/wuD4K, Congratulations, Class of 2014! Get the scoop on this weekend's commencement activities: http://ow.ly/wuD4K, Bras, bras everywhere! Akron Zips Softball has partnered with the Celtic Club to create this 1,000-foot display of bras at InfoCision Stadium - Summa Field. The display is part of the 8th annual Strike Out Cancer game scheduled for this Sunday, May 4 at 1 p.m.

See more photos here: http://ow.ly/wqitg, Join us today, May 2, at a reception honoring Dr. Luis M. Proenza as he concludes his 15-year tenure as president. 

The reception will be held from 2 to 4 p.m. at the second floor lounge in the Student Union, near Starbucks., Just 24 hours until SpringFest! Kangaroo petting zoo, ice skating, games & attractions, food trucks...oh, and did we mention it's the end of classes?

SpringFest starts at 4 p.m. & is open to current students, staff and faculty w/Zip Card. Learn more on FB at The University of Akron SpringFest or visit http://www.uakron.edu/springfest/, James P. Tressel, M.A., the third of three presidential finalists to visit UA, is on campus today, May 1, to meet with various constituencies.

The public is invited to attend an open forum with the candidate from 1:30 to 2:30 p.m. in the Student Union Theatre. Can't attend? Live stream the session here: http://ow.ly/wmOww , Scott L. Scarborough, Ph.D., the second of three presidential finalists to visit UA, is on campus today, April 30, to meet with various constituencies.

The public is invited to attend an open forum with the candidate from 3 to 4 p.m. in the Student Union Theatre. Can't attend? Live stream the session here: http://ow.ly/wkfUa , University Libraries at The University of Akron are helping you de-stress this week as before finals! Enjoy free coffee, massages, visits from therapy dogs and more.

See the full schedule here: http://ow.ly/whFHs, Ronald A. Nykiel, Ph.D., the first of three presidential finalists to visit UA, is on campus today, April 28, to meet with various constituencies.

The public is invited to attend an open forum with the candidate from 3 to 4 p.m. in the Student Union Theatre. Can't attend? Live stream the session here: http://ow.ly/wf2pu , Will we see you at SpringFest this year?, Best. Coca-cola. Display. Ever! #GoZips
(Photo via Dan Satter.), null, Just announced! See the Presidential Search finalists: http://ow.ly/w2N9s , This year's #gettinclassy shirts have gone "Burgundy."

Bring your fall schedule to the SU from 11-1pm or Rec Center from 5:30-8pm, April 22-24 and get a free t-shirt. #StayClassy Akron!, Two more weeks until finals! Which exams are you preparing for? Final exam schedule here: http://ow.ly/vZZIv 

Photo via @jessasaurus7 on Instagram., SpringFest is coming...if you are a graduating senior, check out Ultimate SpringFest Challenge. Deadline is today!, Look what Zippy found in her Easter basket!, What else would you add to this list? http://ow.ly/vVmYB , Eggs-tra, eggs-tra! Cool new discovery from UA scientists may help benefit medical, food processing, and manufacturing industries: http://ow.ly/vVfno , Meet our newest Zip: Spider-Man! Taking in the nice weather outside the Student Union., Gotta love a 1st place finish. Congrats to the Zips Aero design team! http://ow.ly/vU8Tu , Highlights and photos from last weekend's Black Male Summit, which drew 1,300 people from around the nation along with a number of luminaries, including Steve Harvey, Touré and David Johns from the White House., Can't wait for summer? Neither can we! See what we have planned: http://ow.ly/vRcsl , Move over Vince from ShamWow! Let UA pitchmen Willy & Chris tell you about #FinishInTime: http://ow.ly/vOD0L , Student volunteers from The College of Education & Greek Life joined the Easter Bunny in an egg hunt at Leggett Community Learning Center last Friday. The kids had a blast hunting for candy - thanks to UA's office of Off-Campus Student Services for organizing it!, It's beginning to look like spring around campus! Let's not talk about that snow predicted for tomorrow :) Photo via @themackster1 on Instagram, follow us @uakron., Just announced! 2014 Men's Soccer schedule. See it here: http://ow.ly/vH5Q8 , What did you do TODAY? UA staff members Anne Bruno & Thad Doyle traveled to Washington D.C. to accept the Make a Difference Day award, honoring the volunteer efforts of our students and staff. Here they are with TODAY's Matt Lauer, Savannah Guthrie, and Jenna Bush Hager.

Read more about the award here: http://ow.ly/vESeu, Students take an Alternative Spring Break, Back by popular demand! Jim Tressel will once again be team-teaching with former UA football coach Jim Dennison. "The Winner’s Manual for Leadership and Coaching" will be offered this May. Perfect for students, coaches and non-coaches alike: http://ow.ly/vCkI4, Did you know that Ohio has the 6th largest population of veterans in the US? We just made 2 exciting announcements that will further strengthen our veterans services. Check it out here: http://ow.ly/vBK4h , Good morning Akron! Here's to more sunny campus days to come. Photo via @auttuuumnn on Instagram. Follow us @uakron., What advice will President Proenza share with students in his "last lecture"? Find out today at 5:30. Free & open to the public: http://ow.ly/vyIo6 

Sponsored by Akron Mortar Board, For anyone who wishes they could attend Hogwarts! Search for your magical courses here: http://ow.ly/vyvev, The seventh annual Black Male Summit begins this Friday with an opening address from entertainer and comedian Steve Harvey: http://ow.ly/vwjv3 , Not gonna lie - students shared so many wonderful Alternative Spring Break photos to social media that it was hard to decide which ones to feature in this story., Congrats to these teams from the College of Engineering!, So who thinks today's weather is just a cruel April Fools' joke? Soak in the sun!, And the countdown begins: 32 days until The University of Akron SpringFest.   http://uakron.edu/springfest/, Yesterday, Taco Bell launched a very tongue-in-cheek advertising campaign to herald the debut of its first-ever breakfast menu. UA’s own Ronald McDonald, who retired in 2012 as director of leadership development and special projects, is among all those Ronalds seen sampling the menu.  See the ad and read about Ron's experience!, We think Akron's a pretty great place, too!  Where will you explore?, Have you heard?!  Food trucks are back starting March 31.  Who's your favorite?  See the schedule., Nearly 100 UA students traveled to four states this week to participate in Alternative Spring Break. See more photos of their adventures and volunteer projects at https://twitter.com/hashtag/uaasb2014, Safe and fun travels to Zips heading for warmer weather this spring break. For those still in the cold, think Spring!, President Obama picks Akron Zips Women's Basketball to upset Purdue in today's NCAA tournament game! Here's how you can follow the Zips: http://ow.ly/uPF6P, Congratulations to President Luis Proenza! See photos & video: http://ow.ly/uQ8vg , How are you spending Spring Break? Traveling somewhere warm? Having a staycation at home? 

(Pictured: students participating in Alternative Spring Break through serveAkron), Renee Calderon grew up wanting to be a medical doctor, and wanting to make a difference in the lives of others. Through an opportunity to work in Dr. Yang Yun's research lab here at UA, she has discovered how to best achieve both goals in the field of medicine. http://ow.ly/uNHvn , null, Are you counting down the days until Spring Break? Some fun tips for beating the mid-semester blues, courtesy of our new student blog, The AK Fastlane: http://ow.ly/uKFBC, Science + Art. Great photo from student Katie Noble via Instagram., March Madness is upon us! March is also gambling awareness month. Students in the Akron chapter of PRSSA are working with County of Summit ADM Board to spread awareness of the dangers of problem gambling. To learn more about the signs of problem gambling, visit  http://www.ilostabet.org/, Congrats to Akron Zips Track & Field and Cross Country's Shawn Barber!, Go Zips! Akron Zips Women's Basketball reacts to their placement in the NCAA Tournament bracket. The team recently earned its first ever conference title and will appear in the NCAA Tournament for the first time in school history! 

Akron plays at Purdue on Saturday. Details: http://ow.ly/uHOqr, Are you following us on Instagram? We're @uakron (instagram.com/uakron)! Our followers were challenged to show off their favorite foods. Each day was a new challenge:

Monday 3/10: Campus Eats
Tuesday 3/11: Study Snacks
Wednesday 3/12: UA Food Day
Thursday 3/13: ROO It Yourself
Friday 3/14: On the Town

Take a look at these fantastic submissions!, Happy St. Patrick's Day! Thought about wearing some green, but realized we only own Blue & Gold., Akron Zips Women's Basketball: 2014 MAC Champions!, Today, Akron Zips Women's Basketball will work to bring home the 1st MAC title in program history! #ZipsGameDay begins at 1 p.m., Need Saturday plans? Akron Zips Women's Basketball heads to the Championship round at the Q!, Are you following us on Instagram? We're @uakron (instagram.com/uakron)! Our followers were challenged to show off their favorite foods. Each day was a new challenge:

Monday 3/10: Campus Eats
Tuesday 3/11: Study Snacks
Wednesday 3/12: UA Food Day
Thursday 3/13: ROO It Yourself
Friday 3/14: On the Town

Take a look at these fantastic submissions!, Happy Pi Day! Baked with love by @quantum0813 and posted to the #UAkronEats Instagram Challenge. #PiDay, DOUBLE WINS for Akron Zips! Both Akron Zips Women's Basketball & Akron Zips Men's Basketball advance to the MAC Tournament semifinals! #GoZips!, Big day for Akron Zips Women's Basketball and Akron Zips Men's Basketball in today's MAC Tournament quarterfinal round. Send them good luck in the comments!, Will you be watching the MAC Tournament? Go Zips!, Are you following us on Instagram? We're @uakron (instagram.com/uakron)! Our followers were challenged to show off their favorite foods. Each day was a new challenge:

Monday 3/10: Campus Eats
Tuesday 3/11: Study Snacks
Wednesday 3/12: UA Food Day
Thursday 3/13: ROO It Yourself
Friday 3/14: On the Town

Take a look at these fantastic submissions!, The funding will strengthen programs that provide students with real-world experience and a job-ready advantage. http://ow.ly/uvyZ4 , Can't wait to see this new art installation in Bierce Library! Learn more about this unique collaboration involving students from the Myers School of Art: http://ow.ly/uugZI, What's your favorite thing to do in Downtown Akron? This new video for Downtown Akron Partnership highlights many great options! , Kicking off our #UAkronEats Instagram Challenge on Monday! Follow us @uakron to get the full details. http://instagram.com/uakron, #BEATKENT., These 5 seniors are not only driven and smart - they make up the winningest class in Akron Zips Women's Basketball history! They will be honored this Sat. 3/8 at 2 p.m. on Senior Day. It's the last home game of the regular season, so don't miss out., Nominated for Best Mascot in a Leading Role, Zippy got in on Ellen's selfie action., null, It's Bobblehead Night! 2,000 fans at tonight's Akron Zips Men's Basketball game will receive a Dr. Proenza bobblehead. Game starts at 7 p.m. - see you there!

Photo credit: Ed Suba Jr./Akron Beacon Journal., Pretty campus sunset by Megan Jasso (@meg_jass on Instagram. Follow us @uakron), Champions! Zips earned two conference titles over the weekend: Akron Zips Track & Field and Cross Country men's track team won the indoor title while Akron Zips Women's Swimming and Diving won its first MAC championship ever! Go Zips!, Dear summer, miss you! #TBT, The All-Campus Career Fair is next week! SHARE if you know a Zip who should be there. Open to alumni too! Details: http://ow.ly/u40Ra , Late night at Buchtel Hall. Where do you spend your late nights on campus?

Photo by Eric Steven Syty, Looking out on campus at night from Bierce Library (University Libraries at The University of Akron). Photo by Ayman Al-Ghamdi (i__ghamdi) via Instagram, Do you love visiting with your brothers & sisters? Sibs Saturday is this weekend! Today is the LAST DAY to sign-up: http://ow.ly/tXfpp, Introducing The AK Fastlane! This new blog - written by students, for students - is your guide to navigating life at UA. Make sure to check out all the categories, including Z-Life! Navigate The AK Fastlane: http://ow.ly/tSfoq, We hosted a great group of high school juniors and seniors for Discovering Diversity Day. Jim Tressel, Executive Vice President for Student Success, showed them how to make a "UA"!, null, Breaking news: The steps outside Bierce Library are done! Bye, bye construction!, Great news! UA received the largest award of any public research university in the most recent set of grants issued by the Ohio Third Frontier. See what new projects will be funded: http://ow.ly/tMY7w , Summer or Winter?, A new discovery by UA biologist Matthew Shawkey and an international research team shows pigment cell shape holds the secret: http://ow.ly/tKCzc , Today we welcomed hundreds of high school seniors and their families to campus for Senior Day: A to Zip. Check out The University of Akron Admissions to see photos from the day!  

Next event is March 14. Sign-up: http://ow.ly/tIDrJ, Love is in the air and there is no one Zippy loves more than her fellow Zips! She wanted us to share her FB Lookback video with everyone to celebrate some of her favorite moments. Maybe if this video gets enough likes, Zippy will consider joining FB for real!, Candy + UA = Perfect Valentine's Day! vine.co/v/M7vr66i6BF9, We've got a fun surprise in store for our favorite Valentine - Zippy! If you've taken a fan photo with Zippy, post it to our wall by 3pm today ;-), We dare you to take a more gorgeous shot than this one sent to us by student Sal Manera!, Beautiful view of campus! Photo via Kevin Haramis., Best event ever? By the looks of your tweets & photos, campus had a blast meeting alumna Yvette Nicole Brown this weekend during Rethinking Race-The University of Akron!, Snowy Rock Candy!

Photo via @thom_mas_bear on Instagram. Follow us @uakron., Ernest Green made history as one of the "Little Rock Nine." He shares his story tonight as part of Rethinking Race-The University of Akron., You may know her from "Community," "Drake & Josh," and many other TV/Film roles...but now you can hear about one of Yvette Nicole Brown's first roles: UA student! 

Free & open to the public, join us Sat. 2/8 at 7pm for "From UA to LA." Get the details: http://ow.ly/to8aG, Which devices will you use to experience the Sochi Winter Olympics? http://ow.ly/tl8E0, Celebrate the Chinese New Year with us this February as the  Confucius Institute-University of Akron hosts the Northeast Normal University Art Troupe for a presentation of "China Welcomes Spring," a collection of Chinese modern and traditional dances, art, music, martial arts, calligraphy, and painting. FREE & open to the public, Sun 2/9 at 2 p.m. http://ow.ly/tl7DM, Update: All classes on all campuses - main, Wayne College, Lakewood and Midpoint are canceled for the rest of Wednesday.

The Medina County University Center is closed all day. All other campuses are open for business.

Employees should report at their normal start times., Classes on the main campus and Wayne College are canceled until noon on Wednesday. 

Employees should report at their normal start times., From The University of Akron Parking & Transportation Services:

Due to the regional winter storm warning for this evening, the rooftop levels of all parking garages on UA main campus will be closed to new vehicle traffic at 3 p.m. today. All rooftops must be cleared of vehicles by 10 p.m. this evening for snow plowing.

Resident students are asked to relocate their vehicles to covered levels of the parking garages after 5 p.m. All parking lots will be considered “All-Permit” until 7 a.m. on Thursday; all residents should have their vehicles relocated back to designated resident parking areas by that time., Happy 10th anniversary to Facebook! We joined back in May 2009...when did you first join?, Are you watching the Super Bowl? Hallie Kirdahy, sophomore biomedical engineering major, is up close and on the field working for the Associated Press Photo Department supporting one of their photographers. She even got to meet Aaron Paul!, When life gives you snow...build an igloo! Dean of Students Denine Rocco spotted this out on campus - thanks for the pic!, Rethinking Race-The University of Akron officially begins today! See our Film Festival line-up (free & open to the public!): http://ow.ly/t9GKJ , Catch the Energy! Watch our new Super Bowl commercial: http://ow.ly/t7Oof, View our new Super Bowl commercial: http://ow.ly/t7Som, Remember to wear purple! #4PetesSake, Due to weather conditions, predictions of extremely cold temperatures and wind chill, The University of Akron will be closed on Monday, Jan. 27 and Tuesday, Jan. 28. This includes the main campus, Wayne, Holmes, Medina and Lakewood sites.

Bierce Library, the Student Union and the Rec Center on the main campus will also close Monday and Tuesday.

Full details on the homepage: http://ow.ly/sXSXY , Because of the weather, Sunday classes are canceled on the Akron campus and all academic buildings will be closed.

Libraries, the Rec Center and the Student Union will be open normal hours., Saturday classes are canceled on the Akron campus because of the weather.

If you are to attend an event on campus Saturday, call the organizers to determine whether the activity is canceled.

We expect to hold classes on Sunday.

Updates will be available by calling 330-972-7669 (TDD/voice: 330-972-6238), checking the University's home page or University e-mail, and by tuning in to the major radio and television stations in Cleveland and Akron., We're sending our support to Coach Peters in his fight against pancreatic cancer - and so is the college basketball community., Smiling through this cold weather! (Photo via @hisham_fahad on Instagram. Follow us @uakron), Rethinking Race is coming 1/31 - 2/14. Keynote speakers include Michele Norris, Dr. Camara Phyllis Jones and Tim Wise. See the full list of notable speakers, including actress and alumna Yvette Nicole Brown: http://ow.ly/sOkek, We will be closed on Monday, January 20 in honor of MLK Day. The Student Union will host an activities fair for students in grades K-12. Details: http://ow.ly/sGrzd, With today's win over Kent State the Akron Zips Women's Basketball seniors have become the winningest class in program history! Go Zips!, Students, employees, alumni and Zips fans everywhere were showing off their spirit for #UAPrideDay on Wed, January 15.

It was a fun way to kick off spring semester while showing support for #ZipsGameDay.

#UAPrideDay was sponsored by the AK-Rowdies, Athletics, and the Department of Student Life., Sunny day + cold air...which Ice Fest sculptures are still standing?, The University of Akron culinary artists are carving up a storm! A collection of photos from this year's Ice Fest.

Ice Carvers included:
-Alumni Aaron Costic, Shawn Eckhart, Erik Freay, George Niemoeller, and Dan Johnson 
-Students Allyson Smith, Lisa Thompson, Tori Cunningham, and Caleb Landis 
-UA associate professor emeritus of hospitality management, Chef Richard Alford

Fruit & Vegetable Carving by:
-Alumnus Greg Butauski
-Chef Richard Alford 

Salt Dough Sculpting:
-Student Jennifer Herrick 

Additional carving by Elegant Ice., 20 minutes of ice carving, 30 seconds of video. Watch a block of ice magically transform! http://youtu.be/Tj6in2LZUG8, The University of Akron culinary artists are carving up a storm! A collection of photos from this year's Ice Fest.

Ice Carvers included:
-Alumni Aaron Costic, Shawn Eckhart, Erik Freay, George Niemoeller, and Dan Johnson 
-Students Allyson Smith, Lisa Thompson, Tori Cunningham, and Caleb Landis 
-UA associate professor emeritus of hospitality management, Chef Richard Alford

Fruit & Vegetable Carving by:
-Alumnus Greg Butauski
-Chef Richard Alford 

Salt Dough Sculpting:
-Student Jennifer Herrick 

Additional carving by Elegant Ice., <3 Zippy!, The University of Akron culinary artists are carving up a storm! A collection of photos from this year's Ice Fest.

Ice Carvers included:
-Alumni Aaron Costic, Shawn Eckhart, Erik Freay, George Niemoeller, and Dan Johnson 
-Students Allyson Smith, Lisa Thompson, Tori Cunningham, and Caleb Landis 
-UA associate professor emeritus of hospitality management, Chef Richard Alford

Fruit & Vegetable Carving by:
-Alumnus Greg Butauski
-Chef Richard Alford 

Salt Dough Sculpting:
-Student Jennifer Herrick 

Additional carving by Elegant Ice., How are you showing off your Zips love on #UAPrideDay? Comment with a photo or post to our wall!, Wear your favorite UA gear tomorrow for #UAPrideDay and show off your spirit. Take a photo and post it to our Facebook wall and we may feature it on our social media accounts. 

Stop by the Student Union on Wed from 11-1pm for freebies & to celebrate #ZipsGameDay! Akron Zips Men's Basketball vs. Miami on Wed, vs. Toledo on Sunday and Akron Zips Women's Basketball vs. Kent on Saturday. Go Zips!, Did you see us on Fox 8 News this morning? Two of our Hospitality Management students showed off their unique ice carving skills. See them in action on campus tomorrow at Ice Fest!, Hope your morning is off to a great start. Have a nice spring semester Zips! 

Photo credit: @letyourbirdsing on Instagram., Break out the chainsaws! Ice Fest 2014 is this Wednesday! Get the scoop: http://ow.ly/stoCN, Have you found your purpose in life? This grad has...and it all started with a toilet! http://ow.ly/spX7Z, Hower House, looking lovely in winter. Photo credit: Eric Krueger (@ericckrueger on Instagram), Photo credit: Casey Polatas, Hope you're staying warm & indoors today!, UA is closed Friday because of the weather, however, the Rec Center and natatorium are open. Details at www.uakron.edu., UA, including main campus, Wayne College, Lakewood and Medina, will close at 2 p.m. Thursday because of the weather.

Activities are canceled until midnight, except for the men’s basketball game game tonight in Rhodes Arena. The game will tip off at 7 p.m.

All buildings will close at 2 p.m., with the exception of Ocasek Natatorium, which will remain open until 7 p.m. 

Employees designated as emergency personnel should report to work at their regularly scheduled times.

Employees should report to work at their normal start times on Friday unless otherwise notified by official sources.

Updates will be available by calling 330-972-7669 (TDD/voice: 330-972-6238), checking the University's home page or University e-mail, and by tuning in to the major radio and television stations in Cleveland and Akron., Happy New Year Zips! Hope your 2014 is off to a great start!, What lies ahead in 2014? See what our UA experts have to say!, Zippy opening presents! #RooOnTheShelf, We're LOVING this year's First Night Akron artwork! Even better, it's designed by our Myers School of Art assistant professor (and UA alum) Dave Szalay.

Fun fact: the owl design was suggested by Szalay's wife Krista & was one of 3 designs Szalay submitted. Learn more: http://ow.ly/rY4rA, Zippy reading 'Twas The Night Before Christmas #RooOnTheShelf, Zippy hopes you have a lovely holiday!, Zippy hanging up her stockings. #RooOnTheShelf, "A special thanks to The University of Akron this Christmas for helping us decorate our tree out at Udairi Army Airfield in Kuwait. We are very grateful to have a piece of home here with us overseas, these ornaments brighten our holidays!" -SPC Brandie Dube, 2-111th AOB, Udairi Army Airfield.

Emails from appreciative military service members started to arrive following The University of Akron's first year of participation in Operation Evergreen. This annual project started by the Ohio Christmas Tree Association sends trees and ornaments overseas to be enjoyed by military personnel who are unable to be home for the holidays.

UA's part in the project was organized by the Staff Employee Advisory Committee (SEAC). SEAC held ornament making sessions at the Main Campus in Akron during the month of October. Galehouse Tree Farm in Doylestown shipped 100 Christmas trees, along with the 588 ornaments made by UA students, staff, and faculty. Everyone enjoyed participating in the project, and receiving emails and pictures back
made it "real." The recipients are truly grateful to have a piece of home., Season's Greetings from UA!, Zippy enjoys some hot cocoa! #RooOnTheShelf, Last night, President Obama and the First Family watched Akron Zips Men's Basketball play Oregon State. Previously, Oregon was 4-0 with the President in attendance...until last night! Zips won 83-71!, null, Zippy the red nosed ROO! #RooOnTheShelf, Zippy & friends go caroling! #RooOnTheShelf, Still looking for the perfect holiday gift (or want to get a jump start on Valentine's Day)? Help support Alternative Spring Break by drinking wine & making art! Details: http://ow.ly/rVSWH, TubaChristmas is tomorrow! Have you attended this holiday favorite?, Good grief! Zippy hangs out with the Peanuts gang. #RooOnTheShelf, UA will be taking a holiday break starting Monday, Dec. 23. Keep up with our services over the holidays here: http://ow.ly/rVQ2d, Some holiday cheer from one of our student a cappella groups, nUAnce. 'Tis the season!, Zippy hanging outdoor lights. No ladder required - Zippy just jumps! #RooOnTheShelf, There's a special surprise on our homepage today...LIKE when you discover what it is!, Zippy baking holiday cookies - yum! #RooOnTheShelf, Happy graduation to those members of the Fall Class of 2013! Make sure to tag yourselves if we took your photo.

Photos cover commencement activities on Friday, December 13 and Saturday, December 14.

-------
Friday, December 13, 2013
Colleges of Education, Engineering & Health Professions

Saturday, December 14, 2013
10 a.m. - Buchtel College of Arts and Sciences & Wayne College 
2 p.m. - College of Business Administration, College of Polymer Science and Polymer Engineering, & Summit College., Graduate student Micklos Blake's charity — FreshSouls — collects and distributes shoes for children locally and worldwide. Read his story: http://ow.ly/rRlDL, Did you know Zippy was this talented? ;-) Happy Holidays! http://ow.ly/rRgoH, Zippy making a snowman! #RooOnTheShelf, null, Zippy shoveling snow. #RooOnTheShelf, Zippy in the Nutcracker! #RooOnTheShelf, Fra-gee-lay, Zippy receives a major award. #RooOnTheShelf, Our 2pm commencement ceremony features grads from the College of Business Administration, College of Polymer Science and Polymer Engineering, & Summit College. Best wishes!, Congratulations to our morning graduates from Buchtel College of Arts and Sciences & Wayne College., Happy graduation to our graduates from the Colleges of Education, Engineering & Health Professions!, Zippy is "Home Alone" - aghhh! #RooOnTheShelf, Zippy's getting ready for the holidays! See what she's been up to in this series of photos from UA employee Gregory Dieringer., Jordan Pana created a brand new scholarship to help struggling students graduate. He is the student responder at the Sat. 12/14, 2pm commencement ceremony: http://ow.ly/rHHSZ, Everything you need to know about this weekend's commencement ceremonies: http://ow.ly/rGcXE, This week, Akron Zips Athletics released their strategic plan. Along the way, they received testimonials from dozens of student-athletes, coaches, administrators and fans. See how YOU can submit one too! Details: http://ow.ly/rG3gI, The Off-Campus Student Services (OCSS) Community Ambassadors hosted a Holiday Lights Competition for residents and students living in the area south of Exchange Street. There were so many great entries! Congrats to the winners:

Sam Sinclair - Best Overall & Most Original
Duane Burkhammer - Most Visually Appealing
Joseph Gregory - Most Zip Pride 

Happy holidays!, Holiday blue & gold.

Wreath made by UA employee Linda Mitchell & enjoyed by visitors to the Center for Academic Advising and Student Success., Shelby Torre will speak on behalf of the Fall Class of 2013 at the 7 p.m. commencement ceremony on Friday, Dec. 13, at E.J. Thomas Performing Arts Hall. Read her story: http://ow.ly/rAQhF, Have you visited Hower House? The Plain Dealer's Julie Washington did! See how this Victorian mansion on our campus is decorated for the holidays: http://ow.ly/rwXof 

Photo credit: Andrew Gacom, Fall classes are over and snow is on the way! It's been a great semester Zips - good luck heading into finals.

A snowy November day. Photo credit: @treehuggerdale on Instagram., Meet Michael Modon. How did he land a job with Google before graduation? Check out his story: http://ow.ly/rux8n, Pre-finals week is underway! Where's your favorite place to study on campus?

View of the Student Union Starbucks on a sunny day. Photo credit: Ayman Alrajhi (@22Moony on Instagram)., Students offered their tips for finals in a new project called UA Speaks. Add your own studying/exam advice in the comments and follow @uaspeaks on Twitter and Instagram to see more! #uaspeaks, null, Deck the Buchtel Hall!, Pre-finals puppy break! Therapy dog Norman made some friends today at Bierce...and captured a few hearts :)

University Libraries at The University of Akron is hosting WAGTime Therapy Dogs to help relieve studying stress the week before finals. See what else is planned this week: http://ow.ly/rpV9d, "We get to do something really unique. Not a lot of people can say after class they go and work on a race car.", The University of Akron Lakewood is the Fireworks sponsor for Light Up Lakewood, scheduled for Dec. 7 from 4-8 pm. If you'll be in the area, make sure to check out the festivities: http://ow.ly/razCQ, ICYMI: See how our students gave back during Make a Difference Day., Getting into the holiday spirit - Akron style! Check out some other fun gifts for the Zip in your life: http://ow.ly/raNU8 

Photo via @keweather on Instagram., Happy Thanksgiving from The University of Akron!, It's 5 p.m. and UA is officially closed for the Thanksgiving holiday! Here's your guide to when our services will resume: http://ow.ly/raw08, Hundreds of Akron students gave back to their community during Hunger and Homelessness Awareness week. See how they helped: http://ow.ly/raytu, Zippy love!

Photo via Anna Dillon (@dillon_anna on Instagram)., Photo by Eric Syty (@ericsyty on Instagram)., UA is one of only three Innovation Corps (I-Corps) sites in the country. See what innovations our student/faculty teams are presenting: http://ow.ly/ra8Uf, Men's Soccer faces off against Marquette in round 2 of the NCAA Tournament tonight at 6 p.m. Stream the game here: http://www.gomarquette.com/allaccess/

The team arriving in Milwaukee on Friday. Photo via @ZipsMSoc on Instagram., Grad student Nicholas Nussen performed his own stunts & took inspiration from Harry Potter to prepare for his role in the latest The University of Akron Student Recreation and Wellness Center video series: http://ow.ly/r6bXr, Photo by Eric Syty (@ericsyty on Instagram)., South Campus residents! Help make your neighborhood festive in our 2013 South Campus Holiday Lights Competition. Details: http://ow.ly/r6mjL 

(Image via romakoma/Shutterstock), Never too old for hand turkeys!

Photo credit: Melody Taylor (@Melodyyyy21 on Instagram), If you'll be traveling away from your campus home for Thanksgiving, consider signing up for our 'Away from Home' program: http://ow.ly/r5OY0, Send your congrats to the team!, You've been filling the hill all season and cheering on the Akron Zips Men's Soccer team. It's a BIG one tonight - let's #BeatIU!

Photo credit: @thewesleyh, @terramilo, @strrreskiiii on Instagram., What are you thankful for this season? 

Comment below, or add a leaf to the Tree of Thanks on #ThankfulThursday from 11-1pm in the Student Union., Have you spotted our latest TV ad?, The view outside Olin Hall. Thanks to Chuck Beckett (Instagram @beckett_chuck) for the photo!, As part of Hunger & Homeless Awareness week, serveAkron is hosting the Oxfam Hunger Banquet. Guests are assigned the identities of people at lower, middle and upper income levels and provided meals according to those designations - all at random, much like in life. 

Meals and attendance to the event is free for all UA students, staff and faculty. Join us at 6pm tonight in the Student Union Ballroom A. Details: http://www.uakron.edu/hunger/, Photo credit: Jessica Dixon, @jessicadix on Instagram, I believe we are MAC champs! Zips will host Indiana on Thursday - see you there! (Photo credit: Jessica Dixon, @jessicadix on Instagram), Congrats to Akron Zips Men's Soccer on winning their 10th MAC Tournament title!, Read our 2012-13 Report to the Community: http://ow.ly/qRVDf, A touch of snow adds some fun to campus!

Photo credit: Malik Alsalhi (@maliknahi on Instagram). Follow us @uakron., LIKE if you'll be there!, This Future Zip has great taste in animal friends :), Any swimmers out there?  The University of Akron Student Recreation and Wellness Center has got a pool for you!, Say goodbye to fall...semester! Just a few weeks until finals. Make sure you know your exam schedule: http://ow.ly/qNicU 

Photo credit: Cheyan Pace (@cheyankpace on Instagram) Follow us @uakron., When snow falls on campus, students turn to Instagram! See some of our favorite Instagram #ZippyPics in this "first snow" edition: http://ow.ly/qKSsZ 

Love this photo from Evan Alexander (@euphonibonetone on Instagram). Follow us @uakron., On Saturday, Akron Zips Men's Soccer claimed the MAC Championship for the 9th year in a row. See how fans reacted on social media: http://ow.ly/qJYJ9, Akron Zips Men's Basketball is taking part in the ESPN Tip-Off Marathon, facing Saint Mary's at 3 a.m. ET...that's right! 

How will you watch?
a. Stay up late
b. Wake up early
c. DVR, Happy Veterans Day! See what activities are planned for today to honor service members, past and present: http://ow.ly/qHvV8, The University of Akron Dining Services told us that Swensons will be back on campus Monday for lunch. Check the schedule to find out more: http://ow.ly/qDs1K, Want to hear Jim Tressel read poetry? He'll be reading works by his daughter Carlee Tressel Alson during "Poetry Night in the Valley" on Tuesday, 11/12.

Free & open to the public, this event also features the talents of teachers and students from UA's creative writing program. Learn more: http://ow.ly/qDvf6, Congrats to Akron Zips Men's Soccer, MAC champions!, No Akron Zips Football game today, so we'll just keep celebrating last week's victory over Kent! :-P

We pulled some of our favorite social media reactions from Twitter & Instagram, check 'em out: http://ow.ly/qDJKX

Photo credit: Brandyn Davis, Autumn selfie., Find out how at tonight's Akron Zips Men's Basketball game against Coastal Carolina, 8pm., President Luis M. Proenza delivered his final State of the University address yesterday, praising the campus community for its collective accomplishments over the past 15 years, and issuing a strong challenge for continued growth. Read what he had to say: http://ow.ly/qAlA9, Have you tackled The University of Akron Student Recreation and Wellness Center's rock wall?

If you've enjoyed watching our Dance Program explore the SRWC in these videos, make sure to catch them in their own performances. Check out the Choreographer's Workshop, Nov 7-9: http://ow.ly/qAR9Q, Did you enjoy eating Swensons on campus yesterday? The food trucks you've been seeing are here thanks to The University of Akron Dining Services. They just created a Facebook page, so make sure to "like" them and be the first to know when the food trucks will be back!, The forces landed on Coleman Common Nov. 5-6. Members of Marlboro Volunteers Inc., a Northeast Ohio-based, nonprofit educational organization, arrived, in uniform, with a variety of military vehicles and displays. In addition to its 70-foot long military museum, visitors saw equipment representing different eras, including a WWII mess tent, light tank and half truck; a M.A.S.H. tent, and a M114 vehicle from the Vietnam era.

See our full list of Veterans Week activities: http://ow.ly/qz2Yo 

Sponsored by: Military Veterans Steering Committee and Zips Programing Network (ZPN), Look who pulled up outside EJ!, Attention Swenson's fans! The Swenson's food truck will make it's debut on campus today outside EJ Thomas Hall from 10:30am-2pm., Veterans Day isn't until Monday, but we have a full week of activities dedicated to service members, past and present. See what's happening now: http://ow.ly/qwCGk, #gettinclassy w/ JT at the Student Union today! Bring your spring schedule & Zipcard to join the party., Another gorgeous fall day on campus - thanks to @ayrayray11 on Instagram for the #ZippyPics share!, Staying healthy can be fun when you're active with friends! Check out our latest The University of Akron Student Recreation and Wellness Center video, now with updated music voted on by YOU!, After yesterday's victory, someone was happy for an extra hour of sleep!

Photo via Brandyn Davis., Right where it belongs. Congrats Zips!, Do you know the history of the Wagon Wheel Rivalry? Get that and today's gameday events & promotions here: http://ow.ly/qpxvF, Congrats Zips!, Men's Basketball starts tonight! Who's excited??, Chili lovers! Join us before tomorrow's Akron Zips football game against Kent State for Zippy's Great Chili Cook-Off. 

Just $5 for UA students w/ valid Zip Card. Full details: http://ow.ly/qp7jX, Stop by the Student Union Ballroom today for an all-campus celebration! We'll be kicking off our annual United Way RooNited campaign with game & prizes, all in anticipation for Saturday's UA/KSU football game. Join us from 11:30-1pm., The Dark Roo. Happy Halloween! #ThrowbackThursday #TBT, Campus is beautiful in the fall!

Instagram photo credits (l to r): @uakron, @heyyrayy11, @katekatitus, @stargirllexxi., It's the perfect time of year to Fear the Roo! If you carved a Zip-o'-lantern this Halloween, we'd love to see it. Post to our Facebook wall to be added to the album. Get inspired with these examples and feel free to download our stencils for your own use: http://ow.ly/DiMdQ, Happy Halloween! Do you have your costume ready?, Your Halloween spirit was on display on Instagram! We've rounded up our favorite Instagram #ZippyPics for a special Halloween edition...did we chose your photo?http://ow.ly/ql1zq, FEAR THE ROO!

Photo credit: Jillian Saurer (@jillian2113 on Instagram), Actress Glenn Close will be on campus Tuesday, 10/29 with her sister Jessie for a special show. Join them for a very personal discussion of tackling the stigma and discrimination of mental illness.

Get tickets to Mental Illness: A Family Affair at http://ow.ly/qbAg9, It's #ZipsGameDay! At noon, Akron Zips football take on Ball State, while Akron Zips Men's Soccer face Northern Illinois at 7 p.m.

Both are home games - will you be cheering on the Zips? #GoZips!, Tomorrow, over 900 students will volunteer as part of the 9th annual Make a Difference Day! Projects include community clean ups, repairing homes, painting, minor construction, trash clean up, landscaping, and much, much more. Visit serveAkron for more info.

LIKE if you know someone participating in #UAMDD!, Zips LOVE Halloween! Create your own Zip-o'-lanterns with our pumpkin carving templates: http://ow.ly/q8NfL 

Thanks to @clevelandchick213 on Instagram for the Zippy pumpkin! Share yours to our FB wall or tag with #ZippyPics on Twitter & Instagram & we may share yours too., Trying to pick our favorite image from Akron Zips Men's Basketball's new student ad campaign...what do you think?, Does Steve Wozniak own an iPhone? His answer might surprise you ;-) Go backstage with Woz as he entertains fans at the annual Knight lecture.

Read more in Akron Beacon Journal: http://ow.ly/q6Tie, Cutest. Pumpkin. Ever.

Zippy pumpkin by Diane Richardson., Are you #gettinclassy this spring? Sign up for classes and craft your perfect schedule., We've rounded up some of our favorite fall #ZippyPics - did we pick yours? Take a look: http://ow.ly/q1hQ0 

Campus sunset from Russ Sajovie (@rsajovie on Instagram), We've got a brand new video showing off The University of Akron Student Recreation and Wellness Center...but we can't decide on the music! Help us out?

Version #1: http://ow.ly/q1m2M 

Version #2: http://ow.ly/q1maw 

Which version makes you want to work on your fitness? ;-) Let us know in the comments!, Recognize this building? One of our favorites on campus :)

Drawing by UA Education major Katie Lyons (@katielyons827 on Twitter). Great job!, Congrats to Akron Zips Football for their win today, ending a 30-game road losing streak. Go Zips!!!, Campus leaves showing their UA pride!, Download and print these stencils to make your own Zips themed pumpkin this Halloween. 

Share photos of your finished pumpkins to our FB wall, or tag with #ZippyPics on Twitter and Instagram. We'll share our favorites! 

Download from our website: http://ow.ly/pXDAF, The largest and most diverse group of UA Choose Ohio First STEM Scholars in our program's six years! 

Make sure to tag yourself scholars!, Greatest lifetime return on investment of any public university in Northeast Ohio! Proud to be a Zip!, It's time for SOCTOBERFEST! Traditional German food, cash bar, and souvenir mugs before the Akron Zips Men's Soccer game vs. Wake Forest. Be there!, Ever wanted to travel abroad? The annual Education Abroad Fair is happening NOW! 

Stop by the SU Ballroom until 2pm to learn more and watch this great video from some UA students who traveled to Spain: http://vimeo.com/74942724, Do you have your tickets to see Woz? They're free, but sure to go fast!, Dancers make excellent tumblers!, What's the best show you've seen at E.J. Thomas Hall and UA Events? http://ow.ly/pHyXH, Bulger Penthouse view. 

Thanks to @bferg227 on Instagram for the photo. Tag your photos with #zippypics and we may share yours too!, Zip-o'-lanterns!

Photo credit: @purdy_boy24 on Instagram., Weekend is here - time to carve your Zip-o'-lanterns!

Photo credit: @purdy_boy24 on Instagram., Zips Racing - #1 in the Midwest, top 5 in the nation, top 10 in the WORLD. Go Zips! http://ow.ly/pGOAa, Do you have memories of the Goodyear Blimp? After 13 years of traveling the Akron skies, The Spirit of Goodyear blimp is retiring to Florida!

It's so hard to say goodbye...but a new blimp will take it's place next year. Learn more from Akron Beacon Journal: http://ow.ly/pHwST 

(Photo credit: Mike Cardew/Akron Beacon Journal), #ChinaWeek concludes tomorrow with a Traditional Chinese Dumpling Party!, Go Zips! For just the second time in UA history, the men's cross country team has claimed the overall title at the All-Ohio Championships. Send your congrats and learn more: http://ow.ly/pEm2e, We're bringing China to UA all week long! #chinaweek, Do you know the name of the tower in this photo? 

Photo credit: Shannon Anicas, while on scholarship from UA's Confucius Institute at Henan University in China. Fly a kite with us on Wed. 10/9 from 5-6 p.m. on the green space behind Buchtel Hall. More: http://ow.ly/pCxot #ChinaWeek, Will you be attending our All-Campus Career Fair tomorrow? Open to any major! No need to pre-register, just show up with copies of your resume, professional dress, and a smile.

InfoCision Stadium, Wednesday, Oct. 9, from 10:30 a.m. to 3 p.m. More info: http://ow.ly/pBRkU or visit Career Center at The University of Akron, Ever wanted to try t'ai chi, learn Chinese calligraphy, and explore traditional Chinese medicine?

#ChinaWeek schedule for Tuesday, October 8: http://ow.ly/pAmNO Sponsored by Confucius Institute-University of Akron, Are you registered to vote? The general election will be here soon, so take a second to register through this handy site!, Two UA students get their workout on at The University of Akron Student Recreation and Wellness Center, with an assist from some special guests!, Practice morning T'ai Chi during China Week! Join us in Buchtel Commons from 8 a.m. - 10 a.m., M-Th. http://ow.ly/pvB2H, China Week kicks off tonight! "Destination China: A Taste of Autumn in Kaifeng" is a celebration of music, dance, martial arts, and arts of China. Join us at the EJ Thomas Stage Door, 5 p.m. - 8 p.m.

Full schedule: http://ow.ly/pvPsr 
More on China Week: http://ow.ly/pvPz6, China Week kicks off tonight! "Destination China: A Taste of Autumn in Kaifeng" is a celebration of music, dance, martial arts, and arts of China. Join us at the EJ Thomas Stage Door, 5 p.m. - 8 p.m.

Full schedule: http://ow.ly/pvPsr 
More on China Week: http://ow.ly/pvPz6, Happy Homecoming! SHARE if you'll be taking part in today's festivities. Full details: http://ow.ly/pvxxB, Cute photo of last year's Homecoming Queen & King - Lauren Harbath & Tony Stratis! 

Find out this year's winners at the Homecoming Dance, tonight at 8 p.m. Photo via @deninerocco on Instagram., Full rainbow, all the way!

Thanks to @emfox925 on instagram for the photo :), Remember the 90s? Check out our Homecoming King & Queen from 1993: Lance Bean and Shammy Freeman. #tbt #ThrowbackThursday, Go Zips! The scene before the 1953 Homecoming game. #TBT #ThrowbackThursday, PNC Bank is giving away tickets to the Browns vs. Steelers game on November 24 - and you only have until this Friday, 10/4 to enter! Stop by the campus branch in the Student Union. You don't have to be a current account owner to enter!, 30 years ago, UA crowned Jay Hertel and Jean Janek Homecoming King & Queen. This year's King & Queen will be announced on Friday during the Homecoming Dance at the Student Union., You have until 4pm today to submit your entry in the "Where's Zippy?" FB contest! Details here: http://ow.ly/pfCKY, Beautiful day for a walk around campus. Thought we'd check out Quaker Square., Like our pretty Homecoming banner? Can't wait for Saturday! See what events we have planned: http://ow.ly/pnSDO, Instagram user @aarikaburgess sends this message out to her friend Laur!

Don't go without telling your friends how much you miss them. Get your sign here http://ow.ly/pmdHv and show them the love! #UAwish, Want to intern at Disney? The Disney College Program is now accepting applications!, What banned books have you read? Comment below!

Students added to this board in Bierce Library (University Libraries at The University of Akron) in honor of Banned Books Week., Happy Akron Marathon day! Know a Zip who's participating? Wish them luck in the comments!, Check out this Zip's shout out to her best friend! Haven't picked up a sign yet? No worries! You can print your own here--->http://ow.ly/phPkv #UAwish, Stop by the Student Union today from 12:30-2pm to get a "Wish You Were Here" sign! Details --->http://ow.ly/pgXTJ #UAwish, Love this photo from UA student Charlotte Lorson! Pick up your own "Wish You Were Here" sign in the Student Union on Friday, 9/27 from 12:30 - 2pm. Or print your own here: http://ow.ly/pfFW6 #UAwish, "When people from out of town come to your campus, you must do touristy things for them - no questions asked!"

Thanks to @connerjjones for sharing this photo with us on Instagram. Hope your guests had a great #UAkronVisit!, Hey Students! Enter for a chance to win 2 tickets to the Browns vs. the Steelers, November 24th @ FirstEnergy Stadium.  

See a PNC Bank representative now through October 4th at the on campus branch located on the first floor of the Student Union.   No purchase or transaction necessary to participate - open to both PNC and non-PNC customers!, Celebrate Homecoming by telling your friends you "wish they were here!" Stop by the CBA on Wed. 9/25 from 1-2:30 pm to pick up a sign and learn more! #UAwish, It's Akron Zips Men's Soccer vs. OSU tonight! 

*First 400 fans to donate an Ohio State shirt will get an exclusive Akron Soccer shirt.

*Quaker Square is hosting a tailgate from 5 - 6:30pm. Buy a beverage & get free wings at Schumacher's, or free pizza at Zee's Quaker.

*Be a part of the #BackTheZips campaign by taking a photo with Akron Zips Men's Basketball players from 6-7pm.

#ZipsGameDay #FillTheHill #2ndStar, We've pulled some of your tweets, photos, and social media posts from #UAonDisplay. See what amazing things were shared: http://ow.ly/p8z0k, Happy Fall! This beautiful shot of campus was taken last year by one of our Instagram followers, @heyyrayy11.

Follow us @uakron & share your photos by tagging them with #zippypics, Who's excited for #ZipsGameDay?, Zippy's got a message for you! LIKE if you'll be cheering on the Zips tomorrow., Picture it. In less than 48 hours, this field will be filled with hands-on displays & simulations from our academic and student services areas.

There's still time to attend #UAonDisplay! Sign-up here: http://ow.ly/p22mH, Have you ever had class with Kevin Kreider or Susan Young? These two mathematics professors just made RateMyProfessors.com's list of 25 Best College Professors! Way to go! http://ow.ly/oZTQJ, Tomorrow, this tent outside Rob's will be packed with fun activities for Ziptember Jamboree! FREE food, entertainment and a few eating competitions coming your way 10 a.m. - 4 p.m.: http://ow.ly/oXEvY, Minions in the sky! Did you spot the Despicablimp flying over campus a few weeks back? Get an inside look from The Buchtelite: http://ow.ly/oWBwI, Jim Tressel has a message for you!

If you're a prospective or current UA student in need of a college, you'll want to sign-up here: http://ow.ly/oV8WE, Thanks to all our FB fans!, Did you catch the game today? Zips put in a great effort against Michigan. Hope to see you all next Saturday at home! #GoZips, Learn more about your college of interest – great for both new and prospective students! Sign up here: http://ow.ly/oQWL3, Home Opener tonight for Akron Zips Men's Soccer! SHARE if you’ll be cheering them on tonight at 7 p.m. against VCU. #ZipsGameDay #FillTheHill #2ndStar, Shoutout to our freshmen students! http://ow.ly/oPjOc #uakron17, Some of our students spoke with the Akron Beacon Journal about their memories of 9/11. See what they remember: http://ow.ly/oMCmy, Remembering 9/11 today. Pictured is a special flag display outside of the Student Union.
 
serveAkron will be handing out remembrance ribbons and collecting donations for the Wounded Warrior Project today in the Student Union from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Those who stop by can pledge to do a good deed in honor of 9/11 as part of the 9/11 Day Campaign. More info at http://www.911day.org/, Fall semester. Summer weather., We recently celebrated the 5th anniversary of the Choose Ohio First Scholarship program on our campus. UA's program is now the largest in the state and the model for other Ohio universities, with an impressive 74% graduation rate: http://ow.ly/oGYTo, Students had a great time showing off their UA pride today. Thanks to those who shared their photos with us on social media. Don't forget to tag yourself! 

If you participated and want to be added to the album, post your photo to our wall. #GoZips!, WAY TO GO ZIPS! Zips win the first home football game of the season. Final score: Akron 35, James Madison 33., Football home opener! The Zips take on James Madison tonight at 6 p.m. #ZipsGameDay, Will you be at the game? #GoZips!, Students - everything you need to know for tomorrow's #ZipsGameDay is right here: http://ow.ly/oDQcE 

See you Saturday!, Students had a great time showing off their UA pride today. Thanks to those who shared their photos with us on social media. Don't forget to tag yourself! 

If you participated and want to be added to the album, post your photo to our wall. #GoZips!, Students had a great time showing off their UA pride today. Thanks to those who shared their photos with us on social media. Don't forget to tag yourself! 

If you participated and want to be added to the album, post your photo to our wall. #GoZips!, It's time to put your Zips pride on display. Wear your favorite UA gear today in honor of #UAPrideDay! http://ow.ly/ozKjB, Tomorrow is UA Pride Day! Wear your blue & gold and show your spirit. PRIZES for any students wearing UA apparel: http://ow.ly/ozciL 

(Photo via @alex_and_ra_x3 on Instagram. Follow us @uakron), As summer winds down, we bike along the Towpath Trail and stop off for a sweet treat at Insomnia Cookies in our final "Summer in the City" video. http://ow.ly/oycyz 

(photo via @grace_linnabary on Instagram. Follow us @uakron), Zips - what else would you add to this list?

20 Signs You Graduated From The University of Akron: http://ow.ly/owIsm via BuzzFeed, null, Great week for The University of Akron College of Education! 

They've been selected to receive a $25,000 contribution from AT&T to support a program called "America's Unseen Kids: The University of Akron/Barberton Teacher Education Collaboration Project." Learn more: http://ow.ly/oqjIg, Welcome Zips! Don't forget to tag yourself and your friends!, Will you be watching? #ZipsGameDay #GoZips, Zippy is happy to see students back on campus. Go Zips!, We're sharing some of our favorite posts from New Roo Weekend: http://ow.ly/oma08, Where is one of the "most awesome college labs" in the country? According to Popular Science, awesomeness can be found at The University of Akron in the lab of microbiologist/geologist Hazel Barton. 

Learn more about one of the country's "coolest, strangest and most dangerous college labs" http://ow.ly/ojZ43, Happy first day of classes! Make it a great one!, null, Zippy was really excited to do the Harlem Shake today at Convocation: http://youtu.be/g7wAai8s7-U, After Convocation, Roo Fest will take over the Student Union, giving all students a chance to explore the variety of organizations they can be a part of here at UA. 

What's your favorite UA student organization?, Thousands of students moved into our residence halls this week. See photos and posts: http://ow.ly/odsLr, null, New Roo Weekend starts NOW! Incoming #uakron17 class is participating in a weekend of events, activities and workshops to help successfully transition into college life.

See the #NewRooWeekend schedule: http://ow.ly/ocriW 

View the full Week of Welcome #UAkronWoW schedule: http://ow.ly/ocrw3, Welcome to the Class of 2017! #uakron17

Our recent grads have some advice for you: http://ow.ly/oaOgj, Many have been asking about where our Zippy topiary disappeared to this summer. To freshen up for the school year, Zippy had an extreme makeover! 

She wanted to look her best for when students arrive back on campus, so she shed over 600 lbs of sod and grew a new silver lace vine coat. Check out the these photos to see the beginnings of her new look!, Move-in: Day 2
#zippypics #uakron, Two of the winningest coaches in college sports history are team-teaching a course this fall.

Great for students and coaches of all sports - and available via distance learning! Learn more: http://ow.ly/o6CSH, Happy move-in day! #zippypics, Classes start in one week. We're saving you a seat. #uakron, Move-in week begins tomorrow and our team of RAs are ready for you!

(photo via @davidcbarnhart on Instagram. Follow us @uakron), Our labs played host to PBS this week when a team from the Emmy Award-winning program “Nature” was on hand to film a segment for an upcoming episode called “Animal Architecture.”

University of Akron professor and evolutionary biologist Todd Blackledge and his Darwin’s bark spiders will be featured. Learn more about what makes these spiders so unique: http://ow.ly/nZHtK, So proud of all our Summer 2013 grads! 

Tag your photos from your big day with #UAkronGrad or post to our wall & we may feature you on our social media accounts!, Did you see LeBron James at the JAR last week?, In the mood for some Journey music and hamburgers this weekend? Join us for our final Summer in the City “Friends and Family” event this Saturday at 7 p.m.

Journey tribute group Separate Ways, The Band performs with Zack and the Bright Lights as part of the 8th Annual National Hamburger Festival. More info: http://ow.ly/nXl5f, Look who came in at #18 on this list of 37 Odd College Mascots! 

Check out this video from mental_floss: http://ow.ly/nXuaT, null, Move-in week is almost here! Do you have everything you need? Check out our move-in guide: http://ow.ly/nVV15, Remember the Buchtel Field House?  See what's going in its place: http://ow.ly/nU0yL  Like the plans?, UA's Panhellenic Association was recognized by National Panhellenic Conference Inc., one of the nation’s largest advocacy organizations for women, with one of 14 Excellence Awards for outstanding work and achievements of undergraduate sorority women.

Pictured here are a few of UA's PH officers representing the five Panhellenic sororities at UA. Read the release at http://ow.ly/nRl9R and discover Greek Life at UA at http://ow.ly/nRnTW, Our students are so creative! Love the UA spirit.

(Photo via @t_rawwx3 on Instagram. Follow us @uakron.), Zips - what is one MUST HAVE item for freshman moving into our residence halls?, Just two weeks until move-in! Take a look at our Pinterest boards for some room decorating tips & inspiration: http://ow.ly/nG8m6, Spotted on campus...three weeks until fall semester!, USA Network awarded our Rethinking Race series an honorable mention in its Characters Unite contest, part of a nationwide public service campaign that aims to address social injustices and bridge cultural divides. Way to go!

Learn more: http://ow.ly/nAfBA, UA students receive the best return on investment of any public university in Northeast Ohio, according to a new survey!

Affordable Colleges Online has identified the colleges and universities in Ohio with the "greatest lifetime return on investment." Learn more: http://ow.ly/nxRYP, Some of our favorite photos from the @uakron Instagram account. Are you following us? http://instagram.com/uakron, Memes inspired by The University of Akron Student Recreation and Wellness Center. Enter your own by August 2! http://ow.ly/npQ9n , We have another "Friends & Family" event tonight at Lock 3 for Summer in the City. Bring your ZipCard to get free admission for yourself and up to 3 friends or family members. Show begins at 7 p.m. and features Average White Band with Horns and Things. http://ow.ly/nmAj6, We had a great time welcoming students and parents to campus today to learn more about The University of Akron!

Summer Visit Day is a chance for rising juniors and seniors to learn about the application process, financial aid and scholarships, academic programs, residence life and housing, the Honors College and more., Have you discovered the newest piece of public art on campus? 

"Double Bond" by sculptor David Tonnesen bonds science and art, steel and nature. Learn more about the piece and the artist's inspiration: http://ow.ly/njKzs, Zippy can't wait to see everyone this fall! #uakron #zippypics, What's your favorite animal to visit at the Akron Zoo? 

We explore the new Grizzly Ridge in our latest Summer in the City video: http://ow.ly/nh66e, From an early age, Philip Steele was a master of what he calls "reverse engineering."

"I didn't always know, per se, that I would be an engineer, but I was always interested in taking things apart — learning how they worked," admits Steele with a smile.

Steele is now beginning his professional career at General Motors. Learn more about his Akron Experience: http://ow.ly/n8D4V, Buchtel Hall was the dream destination for a most special visitor this week. 

Eighty-five year old Harley Arvel Buchtel arrived on campus to see—for the very first time—the place his great-uncle John built. Read his story: http://ow.ly/n8smB, Where do you want to go after graduation? We've remixed this video of some recent grads who are off to exciting places! 

What's your dream job/experience post-graduation?http://ow.ly/n69YX, Are you following @uakron on Instagram? We made this list of The 50 Most Popular American Universities on Instagram: http://ow.ly/n3RKP 

We're just getting started! Let us know what photos you'd like to see next in the comments., Food trucks are here! Dining services will offer food truck options starting fall semester. Are you excited?, Our second session of summer classes begins today!

Earlier this summer, some incoming freshman took a special course instructed by Jim Tressel, VP of Strategic Engagement. Part of our ZipStart program, this course helps prepare students to excel in school and learn about their career paths. Here they pose with Judge Randolph Baxter, a proud UA graduate and President of The University of Akron National Alumni Board. #GoZips!, Back in May, students in grades 5-8 from around the country entered the Fifth Annual Rubber Band Contest for Young Inventors, hosted by UA's Akron Global Polymer Academy.

Runner-up Andrew Pelham is now getting national attention for his "E-Z Baby Saver" device, which could help prevent the deaths of children in hot cars. Check out the story below, and read more about the top entries on our site: http://ow.ly/mU7ty, Would you like a free entry for you and a friend in the Color Me Rad 5K on August 17? The University of Akron Student Recreation and Wellness Center invites you to submit your best recreation-themed meme!

Visit their FB page for some great examples, and click this link to learn more--->http://ow.ly/mTTFU, HUGE CONGRATULATIONS to our team of researchers, who just received a $1 MILLION grant from the prestigious (and highly selective!) W.M. Keck Foundation!!!

This is the first Keck Foundation grant issued to an Ohio research team in more than five years! Dr. David Simmons, Dr. Alamgir Karim, and Dr. Kevin Cavicchi hope to uncover the mysteries of glass formation. 

Learn more: http://ow.ly/mSolU, How many meatballs are consumed during #Akron's Italian-American Festival? Summer in the City Correspondent Anna gets the scoop from D'Agnese's at White Pond in our latest video! http://ow.ly/mNaJ0, Incoming freshman are buzzing about their housing assignments - lot's of excitement in the air! Where's your favorite place to live on campus?, What would you do if you lived in a country rich with rivers, lakes, and ponds...but your water was unsafe to drink?

A group of UA students traveled to Ghana last May to put their classroom knowledge into real world action. Read their story: http://ow.ly/mGLGF, Happy July 4th from Zippy and UA. SHARE if you'll be catching some fireworks tonight!, LIKE if you'll be heading out to Rib, White and Blue in #Akron this weekend. Don't miss the UA Steel Drum Band, performing at 6pm on July 4! http://ow.ly/mCJoQ, The mural is complete! Arts LIFT participants celebrated at the public unveiling on Friday at Angel Falls Coffee Company in Highland Square. Make sure to stop by and see it for yourself!

© Arts LIFT/ Daniel Coffield 2013. All Rights Reserved., Are you on Instagram? Tag your photos with #zippypics and you could be featured next! Follow us on Instagram @uakron.

(Photo courtesy of @saborino on Instagram), You may have seen this recent The New York Times piece about #Akron, Goodyear, and UA...but did you know the photo credit goes to our own Distinguished Professor of Art Andrew Borowiec? http://ow.ly/mug9T, Who's coming to our first "Friends & Family" concert tonight? Details: http://ow.ly/mufRy, Summer in the City is back! Check out all the events coming your way this summer: http://ow.ly/mujpT, Hundreds of high school students and their parents are on campus today for Summer Visit Day! What are the "must-see" places here on campus?

Pictured: Sophomore Education major Lexi and her group outside the Student Union, following an exciting tour of campus., Happy Zips show off their free Summer in the City shirts! 

See what events are planned this summer: http://ow.ly/1Y6Y49, Celebrate summer in downtown Akron and get a FREE Summer in the City t-shirt! Stop by the E.J. Thomas Hall Ticket Office with your valid Zipcard on Thursday 6/27 from 11 a.m. - 1 p.m. to get yours. See you there!, Mmmm...candy! Aspiring engineers from UA's Multiply Your Options camp for middle school girls put their problem-solving skills to use when tasked with creating edible cars. http://ow.ly/mmDfN, Make sure to stop by the  Akron Art Museum during Summer in the City! http://ow.ly/mlksW, Our first Summer Visit Day is coming up! HS juniors and seniors, this is a perfect way to learn about student life, financial aid, our academic programs, how to apply, and more.

Register-->http://ow.ly/mgRl4, Happy first day of summer! It's a beautiful day on campus., "I'm still a teacher. I just have a different classroom." - UA alumna Margaret Adams studied elementary education before becoming a park ranger. 

Adams is featured in CNN Travel's Summer in the Park series: http://ow.ly/mevuG, Are you a fan of Jack Johnson? He's coming to #uakron on Sept. 29! Tickets are available exclusively via lottery until 10 a.m. on June 24. Spread the word! http://ow.ly/mdV90, Shout out to our Orientation Leaders! They've been doing a great job of introducing new students to campus. #GoZips!, Big congrats to our graduates heading off to exciting careers and experiences! http://ow.ly/m6Y5d #uakron #college #graduation, Wishing a happy #fathersday to all the dads out there in the #uakron family. Make it a great one!, It's wedding season! All month, our alumni page is featuring wedding photos of Zips marrying Zips - make sure to check them out and add your own!, Have you seen the giant "tattoo" mural at Angel Falls Coffee Company in Highland Square? Students from UA's Arts LIFT program have been creating this piece of public art under the guidance of tattoo artist and painter Jesse Strother.

Public unveiling is June 28. Learn more: http://ow.ly/m23zy, Did you hear? UA was one of just THREE SCHOOLS in the nation selected for a special grant to develop successful student entrepreneurs. http://ow.ly/m05H8, Have you discovered our free mobile apps? Be in the know with UA Mobile and Successful U! Details: http://ow.ly/lYnCo, Looking for fun things to do in Akron this summer? Check out the first in our video series exploring Summer in the City! Learn more: http://ow.ly/lV2WJ, It's National Best Friend Day! Like if you've made a BFF at UA., Summer orientation groups are having fun taking photos around campus! Here they are with founder John R. Buchtel., Don't miss "The Addams Family" at EJ Thomas Hall on June 12 & 13. Faculty, staff and students: purchase your tickets in person and show your Zip Card to receive a discount! http://ht.ly/lMFlT, Go Zips! Four UA teams are receiving a Public Recognition Award from the NCAA., Our orientation groups have been loving the nice weather! We had a great time today with this group of Honors students. Welcome to UA!, Can you use 'Planet of the Apes' to teach philosophy? UA prof John Hess says yes!, Terrific story about decathlon champion Alex McCune, who started here as a walk-on. Congratulations, Alex!, Our graduates describe some of their big plans., One year after joining UA, Jim Tressel discusses how the job differs from coaching., Anonymous $100,000 gift means 10 students graduated this weekend with a lot less debt. Hear from the grateful students: http://bit.ly/12mwHaq, Fun stuff: We asked physics student Eric Copenhaver to explain how pole vaulter Shawn Barber — currently ranked No. 2 in the nation — is able to leap the height of a two-story building., You won't believe what some of our graduates will be doing next..., What are your plans for summer? 

Our big plans: Classes, workshops, youth camps and arts events throughout summer, plus in August we'll break out the welcome mat for the Class of 2017.  See it all: www.uakron.edu/summer, Great weather and a great lineup for tonight's SpringFest. Bring your Zip Card. Owl City headlines. Fireworks at 9! Plus food and more!, How Zippy spent her 60th birthday today..., The Akron Aeros are hosting University of Akron night on Saturday, May 4, with a special Jim Tressel bobblehead giveaway!, Therapy dogs return to Bierce Library to reduce your pre-finals week stress!

More stress-free zones: http://bit.ly/ZMML6j, We salute the student volunteers in serveAkron who on Tuesday packaged thousands of meals for international hunger relief as part of UA’s observation of National Volunteer Week., Want to meet Owl City? USG is inviting 10 students to join in a Meet ‘n Greet at SpringFest on Friday, May 3. Email usgcampuslife@uakron.edu for your chance (first come, first serve)! It’s always a good time… at SpringFest!, Three senior engineering students hope to rescue pool players from the green depths with their senior design project, “Precision Pool-Aid." 

Read more about their project here http://bit.ly/ZlSktC, National Volunteer Week includes projects like creating coloring books for kids and an Alternative Spring Break reunion. 

How are you giving back to the community this week?, ZPN goes "old school" with board games and rootbeer floats this Monday night in the Student Union., Proud to be a Zip? Share this photo!, We all enjoyed the warm temperatures outside yesterday. Students across campus were caught soaking up the sun., John Lithgow will tell great stories at EJ Thomas Hall on Thursday night. 

Get your tickets now http://www.uaevents.com/site/page.php?id=126&event_id=1390, Scheduled your fall classes yet? 

Do it now and show your fall class schedule in the Student Union piano lounge between 11 a.m. and 2 p.m. this week, and you'll get a free GettinClassy T-shirt and more! http://bit.ly/8VeMd7, Your 2013 SpringFest headline band is... Owl City!

http://www.uakron.edu/SpringFest, For some UA students, Alternative Spring Break was a getaway to give back., What's your talent? Tonight's first and second-place winners will perform at Akron Idol during SpringFest., Monday night, several talented Zips stepped into the spotlight for ZPN's "Akron's Got Talent.", Our rec center is one of the 25 best in the nation! What's the best day to work out?, Mystery solved! How geckos' feet stick to wet surfaces and what it means to the tape you buy at the store., How many shots will Zeke Marshall block in tonight's NCAA tournament game against VCU?, Where is your favorite place to eat in the Union Market?, null, UA's Jazz Band practices for JazzFest, a series of concerts running March 19-22. Cleveland native and swing master Ken Peplowski headlines. More at http://bit.ly/ZsbkUP., Get a behind-the-scenes look into Saturday's MAC Championship! #ZipsGameday Get ready for goosebumps!

THINK BIGGER, Have you ever been to an app launch party? Come to the Successful U app launch party Tuesday at 6:30pm and download your "playbook for success.", BREAKING -- 12th-seeded Zips will play VCU Thursday in Detroit. Practically a home game, yes?, Who's going to the NCAA Tournament Selection Show watch party at 5 today at Rhodes?, CHAMPIONS!, One down, one to go! Zips earn 7th straight trip to the MAC final. Be there tomorrow!

The women start #ZipsGameday at 1, followed by the men at 6:30., Students! Download our new student-designed Successful U app -- you can tailor it to help you succeed in and out of the classroom.  http://www.uakron.edu/im/online-newsroom/news_details.dot?newsId=8ee3dee5-757b-4c15-9180-dbe7ac4b7ade&pageTitle=Top%20Story%20Headline&crumbTitle=Student-designed%20%E2%80%9Capp%E2%80%9D%20gives%20students%20a%20playbook%20for%20success, Today, both our men's and women's basketball teams play in the MAC semifinals! #ZipsGameday, On Tuesday, ZPN's Art Class Series hosted Cupcake Decorating. Fun and tasty results!, The Zips persevere in the final seconds to beat Buffalo. See you at the semifinals!, Want to see Zips women's basketball at the MAC tournament today? The bus leaves at 12:30! Sign up to get a game ticket, transportation, and free lunch., Residence Life & Housing has a new website. Tell us, why do you love living at Akron?, Congratulations to Zips men's basketball coach Keith Dambrot, your 2012-13 MAC Coach of the Year!, What are your best test-taking tips?, See Zips women's basketball at the MAC tournament on Thursday! Sign up today for free transportation to the game, a ticket, and lunch. http://www.gozips.com/athletics/marketing/2012-13/2012-13_wbb/bus_trip , Did you know there are 895 jobs in the RooLink, the Career Center's online job and internship database? See what employers are looking for and then check out RooLink. 
http://www.uakron.edu/career/job-search-resources/job-database-roolink.dot, null, Can consumer behavior be scientifically predicted? Researchers at UA use electrodes to get inside consumers' minds. bit.ly/13G2XsS, Eat em up, eat em up, GO ZIPS GO!, Zips are going for win #24 tonight at the JAR. See you there!, UA student Melissa Kreider took advantage of study abroad opportunities and became a fashion photographer in Italy for a semester. What's your dream study abroad location? http://bit.ly/163AZHf, "A Flea In Her Ear" is a funny farce that you will not want to miss! Shows all weekend in Sandefur Theatre in Guzzetta Hall., Winning is contagious at the JAR! Last night's victory over Ohio makes 19 wins for Zips women's basketball., Lucky 19? Your Zips women's basketball team goes for it's 19th win tonight vs. Ohio at the JAR., Instagram contest! We need more great photos of what makes your residence hall room "home." Tag your photos #uakronhome for a chance to win a Keith Dambrot bobblehead!, 19, Get to know the team before they take on Ohio tonight at 7. You can catch the game on SportsTime Ohio., Join the UA Brass Choir Thursday, Feb. 28, 8 p.m. in Guzzetta Recital Hall for their first concert of the spring season. Free!, Zach Wahls talks about "What Makes a Family" tonight at EJ Thomas. http://uaevents.com/site/page.php?id=126&event_id=1363, The summer course schedule is now posted! What's the best part of taking summer courses? #thinksummer, After winning their 18th straight game on Friday, Akron Zips men's basketball has cracked the Top 25 Coaches Poll! Were you there?, The streak continues! Akron defeated North Dakota State tonight to give the Zips 18 straight wins!, The All-campus Career Fair is today from 10:30 to 3. What's your best advice for students applying for their first job?

http://www.uakron.edu/career/current-students/career-fair.dot, What makes your residence hall room "home"? Tag your photos #uakronhome and we'll feature the best on the new Residence Life and Housing website!, Calling all students - all majors! The all-campus Career Fair is this Thursday! Are you going? http://bit.ly/XY8gzZ, We ask: What crazy socks will Demetrius Treadwell wear Saturday?, Did you meet your sweetie at UA? Share your story this Valentine's Day., Sample Akron's music scene with the latest episode of ZTV's Lowdown., Acca-scuse me? Akron’s a cappella group, Nuance, will perform on Fox 8 Thursday morning! http://bit.ly/XzV9oa, Our Love Doctors are offering free check ups! Get yours now! http://bit.ly/XvQkfQ', Get a taste of Cajun food at the Mardi Gras Dance Party at 9:09 p.m. on Fat Tuesday. Best mask wins a prize!
http://bit.ly/Y7d83p, The solar panels being installed on the rec center and the field house could save UA millions over time., How would you look as a member of another race? 
“Race-morphing" exhibit at Bierce Library will show you. 

It's there through Tuesday, part of #RethinkingRace., "One of the biggest myths about mass incarceration is that those who are sent to prison and jail are overwhelmingly violent offenders," Michelle Alexander tells Steve Colbert below.
 
Colbert: "…I'm just saying, it's simpler to 'just say no'." 
 
Alexander speaks at E.J. Thursday night. http://bit.ly/11WxxJw, How many more games do you think the Zips men's basketball team will win?, ZIPS WIN! Led by Alex Abreu, the Zips beat Ohio tonight and now have the nation's longest winning streak (13 games)., null, UA bids farewell to the Rubber Bowl: http://bit.ly/Xjf3l5  Share your memories..., On Storify, we're using your posts and tweets to tell the story of men's basketball team's new uniforms, which will no longer have @ZipsMBB on their backs. See why: http://storify.com/uakron/new-uniforms-debut-saturday, They're melting today, but you Zips took some great pics of the ice sculptures!, New uniforms for the Ohio game this Saturday. You like? 

http://bit.ly/14pgVy7, If you live in NEO, look for our regional Super Bowl ad on Sunday. 

It shows how our 'connected knowledge' leads to new technologies, economic growth and opportunities for students. 

How have your UA connections helped you advance? 

http://youtu.be/BH9YC__iwDU, Fascinating video shows cold air descending over the U.S. over the last week. What have you been doing to keep warm?, Did you take a great Instagram photo of Ice Fest? Tag it in Instagram or Twitter with #uakron or #zippypics and we'll share the best ones here, and we may use them elsewhere!, The Zips are on a 10-game winning streak! Let's keep the streak alive! Who's going to the Akron Zips men's basketball game vs. Buffalo Saturday night?, Carving artists created Ice Fest buzz yesterday on campus., This year's Ice Fest had a soccer theme, featuring a bicycle kick and the presentation of an ice trophy to Coach Embick and the Zips. Fox 8 News was on site to document the occasion. What's your favorite ice sculpture?, Anyone up for a spin around campus? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bzLM-PXICNE&feature=share&list=UU4DiZ-_ArH3k1pFhWxDrBsw, Zips win! Beat Kent for the fifth time in a row, 71-67. Congrats to Zeke and the entire team!, LIVE NOW -- Zeke Marshall and the Zips vs. Kent on ESPNU (es.pn/10HV45V) and 1350AM (bit.ly/WstLWw)., UA pole vaulter Shawn Barber is a possible 2016 Olympian, and last night, he helped UA defeat Kent in a dual meet. http://bit.ly/VdK7mG, Coach Embick and team are traveling the world to find new recruits., Welcome back! We want to see those #zippypics! Tag your first-day-of-class Instagram photos with #uakron or #zippypics and we'll post the best on Friday., Bad haiku...

Grounded by the flu
but feeling better today
safe to go to class?

Answer: http://www.uakron.edu/audiences/current_students/, Men's basketball is on a 5-game winning streak! They take on Western Michigan tonight at 7 pm. , Quiz time! Who said this? "I'm a donkey on the edge!" See more tonight @ EJ., Ready? Set? Snap!  Photo contest seeks your best image that depicts the Akron Experience., UA's business school finds itself in elite company -- http://bit.ly/YYg4ik, If you resolved to be more innovative this year, draw inspiration from the story of a UA freshman who earned a patent at age 15. Now in our business school, she wants to invent more., Who's coming to TubaChristmas on Saturday?, Basketball doubleheader starts tonight at 5:30 when the women take on Dayton. The men will face Arkansas-Pine Bluff at 8, with the 7th annual Teddy Bear Toss at halftime.
http://www.gozips.com/sports/mbkb/2012-13/releases/2012121793wlgx, Congratulations to the class of 2012! Student-veteran Christian Turner will speak to tonight's graduating class. 

Get more graduation details here http://www.uakron.edu/graduation/, It's the last day of finals week. Easy question... where is this on campus?, We’ll be able to offer paid internships to 250+ additional UA students, thanks to a $1M grant we received from the state., Tonight's reception for Coach Porter will be held at InfoCision Stadium - Summa Field from 6 - 8 p.m. #ThanksCaleb
http://www.gozips.com/sports/msoc/2012-13/releases/20121207hr1zwj , It's finals week! What was your biggest accomplishment this semester... an A on a paper, a cool research project, something else?, Our Zips women's basketball team is off to a great start! Come see your 7-1 Zips take on Wright State tomorrow at 2 p.m. at the JAR., Season's Greetings from Zippy and UA!, Want to study abroad? The Confucius Institute is sponsoring a summer trip to China for 20 Zips. Learn more tomorrow at noon in Leigh Hall 414., null, Hear Scott Schoemer talk about his Akron Experience:  How his experiences in undergraduate research, our emerging leaders program and Rhodes Arena have prepared him for a lifetime of achievement. More at http://www.uakron.edu/best/, Cheer on your Zips men's basketball team as they take on Middle Tennessee at 2 p.m. this Sunday., Zips, vote for the SpringFest 2013 band! Voting ends next Friday at noon., "If you have a dream or you have a goal, keep pushing for it.” - UA student Corwyn Collier, Don't miss Jingle Jazz on Sunday, Dec. 9th at E J Thomas Hall at 3 p.m. Get your tickets now!, The image says it all., #FilltheHill today at 4:30 when Zips men's soccer hosts Creighton in the Sweet 16 of the NCAA tournament. We'll be live-tweeting the game @uakron. #GoZips, Express yourself through poetry and performance arts with Spoken Like a Metaphor. SLAM is your chance to display and develop your artistic talents intellectually, emotionally, and visually., UA sociology professors study how religion affects us. You can find the full story on the homepage. http://www.uakron.edu/, After knocking out Michigan on Sunday, UA men's soccer advance to the Sweet 16 of the NCAA tournament next Sunday at FirstEnergy Stadium-Cub Cadet Field., Coach Porter praises the fans for their passion and dedication throughout the season. He's counting on you to #fillthehill at the NCAA tournament semifinals on Sunday!, UA's Hospitality Club is hosting a five-course traditional Chinese dinner this Saturday at 6 p.m. in the Crystal Room Bistro. This event is open to the public with a donation of $35 per guest., From the football field to the big screen: former Zips gridiron star, Matthew Cherry, won best screenplay at the American Black Film Festival with his directorial debut, "The Last Fall.", Champions!, We are saluting veterans throughout the day. Thank you for your service! http://bit.ly/XxFhnw, Your Zips men's soccer team takes on Northern Illinois today at 4:30 in the MAC finals at FirstEnergy Stadium-Cub Cadet Field. #fillthehill , The Zips men's soccer team kicks off the MAC tournament semifinals tonight at 7:30 against Bowling Green. Who's going to #fillthehill?, Do you want to do more for the community? Check out the Student United Way! You'll feel proud about the things you're doing to help the community and the common good., President Proenza's State of the University Address begins at 2pm today. Watch it live here., It's time to get excited - No. 1 nationally ranked Zips Men's Soccer begins the 2012 MAC Tournament this Friday night at 7:30 p.m. against Bowling Green. See game details and ticket info at http://www.gozips.com/tickets/index#msoc, Have you voted? Remember to bring your id! Tonight, you can watch the results on the big screen at the Bliss Institute's Election Night Watch Party. http://www.sos.state.oh.us/elections/Voters/FAQ/ID.aspx, Battleground Ohio: Dr. John Green talks politics tonight on Nightline., Wayne College professor's film wins "best feature film" at Colony Film Festival., UA students were proud to serve the Akron community on Make a Difference Day, last Saturday. We also had sunny skies and storms this week. Remember to tag your Instagram photos with #zippypics, Future heroes: Akron's chapter of the International Association of Emergency Managers was recognized as Chapter of the Year at an awards ceremony in Orlando this week., Decorate your own pumpkin from 11-1 tomorrow at the Fall Festival in the Polsky atrium (3rd floor). , UA students make a difference in Akron! Nearly 700 students volunteered on Saturday in local Akron organizations. , President Obama to hold rally at Rhodes Arena on Wednesday. Ticket info and details: http://t.co/aS8eu31F, null, What's your costume for Boo at the Roo? Add #zippypics to your Instagram photos to get on the runway!, Big win for men's soccer last night! Now, Scott Caldwell needs your vote for the Senior Class Award. You can vote every day!, Boo at the Roo is Thursday night at the Thomas Hall Stage Door. Don't miss UA's biggest dance party and costume contest! What should Zippy's costume be?, Take the Roo Express to vote early this week! Tomorrow from 10am-noon and Wednesday from 2-4pm, the Early Vote Bus will run every 10 minutes from the Student Union to the Summit County Board of Elections so that Summit County residents can vote., Wes Moore will speak at EJ Thomas Hall tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. What question would you want to ask Moore about his life?, UA students and graduates are inspirational!, null, Plenty of jobs for many UA students..., null, Only 3 more days to cast your vote for Retro Graphical (pictured), created by UA student Nathan Mayfield, one of six finalists to paint the top of the Seattle Space Needle as a part of its 50th Anniversary!, How does God want you to vote? Wait! Don't answer here… go to Dr. Green's talk next Wednesday to find out. http://www.akronareainterfaithcouncil.org/Forum_Registration.html , Did you know that UA offers 30 degree programs that can be completed in 3 years? Tell your friends!, Let’s Fill the Hill on Tuesday! Your No. 3 men’s soccer team will take on Michigan at 7:30. Who’s going?, null, null, Ending China Week this year is Jon Huntsman's lecture, "US / China Relations During an Election Year," at EJ Thomas Hall on Monday at 7:30 p.m., Spring semester registration starts Monday. Are you ready? Make an appointment with your adviser to be sure you're on the right track to graduate., China Week continues... Who's going to the traditional Chinese dumpling party tomorrow night? http://www.uakron.edu/ci/china-week/, Like big band? Tommy Igoe and the Birdland Big Band will perform at E. J. Thomas Hall tomorrow at 8 p.m. Kick start your weekend with some great tunes!, null, Video highlights of Day One of China Week: T'ai Chi, ping pong and kite flying. Tell us what you're doing today. http://youtu.be/aPeaA6zBDFM, Going to China Week? You can learn T'ai Chi, calligraphy, kite flying, and more! What's your favorite event?, Spiders are the ultimate webmasters; UA researchers have discovered how spiders' webs are able to catch and hold their pray with two adhesive strengths of the same glue., Homecoming kicks off at the soccer pitch as the Zips take on Florida Atlantic tonight at 7:30 pm. Come out and support your #7 Akron Zips!, This weekend is full of UA celebrations! Students can attend the Title IX Anniversary Celebration event on Saturday on the fifth floor of InfoCision Stadium. Socialize at 10 a.m.  The program begins at 11 and features two of our National Champions, Christi Smith and Jenna Compton. http://www.gozips.com/athletics/2012-13/titleIX/index, China Week kicks off Monday with T'ai Chi. What's your favorite China Week event? #UAChinaWeek, We're all members of a team. Jim Tressel talked last night about what makes a team successful. What do you think?, Were you on campus in the 80s? Tell us your favorite memory. Then, join us this weekend for Homecoming!, We believe this is from the 60s. Share your memories of that decade (and don’t forget about Homecoming this weekend!)., Alumni, what was it like when you were here? Share your stories and come to Homecoming this weekend!, The Career Fair isn't just for business and engineering majors. You can find a job too, so visit the Career Center to learn more. http://www.uakron.edu/career, UA art student Nathan Mayfield is a finalist in a national contest to paint the top of the Seattle Space Needle! Let's help Nathan win by voting for his design "Retro Graphical" at spaceneedle.com/topthis.html., Nine Zips are studying abroad and 18 plan to go in the spring! Read Ben's blog about his studies in China, and then come to the Education Abroad Fair on Oct. 10 in Student Union Ballroom A to learn how you can take your education abroad., Jim Tressel will be on ch. 3 tomorrow night at 7, sharing life lessons., You can tour the C-SPAN bus tomorrow behind the Student Union from 12:30-2 p.m., Fat hormone leptin does more than metabolize fat. UA and NEOMED researchers have discovered that leptin may also impact hearing and vision loss., Were you there? Zips put on a show today with 628 yards of offense, but fall in the final seconds 56-49. Zips back home next Saturday vs. BG @ 2 p.m. Don't miss it!, Big weekend for Zips fans! Women's soccer is tonight and Sunday. The football team takes on Miami at 2 p.m. Saturday, followed by men's soccer at 7:30. #zipsgameday #zippypics, Coming Monday: A new Zipline. Look for "My Akron," to find a new layout, navigation, and plan for your Akron Experience., Close contest! @ericsyty's photo of a Zips soccer game wins September's #zippypics contest with 27 votes! Keep tagging your #zippypics for your chance to win next month., Are you running in the Akron Marathon this weekend? If not, come out and cheer for your fellow Zips as they run through campus. And keep an eye out for road closures on Saturday., The winner of the September #zippypics Instagram contest will be announced at noon tomorrow, so keep voting and tell your friends! Here's a sneak peek at the prize..., Looking for a job after graduation? There are more than 700 jobs listed in RooLink, and some of those employers will be at the Career Fair on Oct. 18., Students, we're promoting your success and helping you create a positive online profile. What's your favorite achievement?, Country singer Emily Hearn will close out the Rock the Roo Lunchtime Concert Series today at 11:30 am at the EJ Thomas Plaza! Free pizza and t-shirts will be available with a valid Zipcard., Do you know which fork to use first at a formal dinner? Come to the Etiquette Lunch on Oct. 2 to learn how to Wine, Dine & Act Fine in an interview. RSVP to the Career Center by Thursday., null, Have you registered to vote? It takes less than 5 minutes with TurboVote, and the last day to register via TurboVote is tomorrow! (You can register elsewhere until Oct. 9.), Look out, Zippy! Author Steven D. Levitt is speaking tonight at EJ Thomas Hall and one question he poses in his book is whether eating kangaroo can help save the planet., Playing big: At halftime, Zips tied with Tennessee, 23-23. Catch the 2nd half on ESPN3 or 1350AM. Go Zips!, Reading assignment: The Other Wes Moore. Read the book and then hear the author speak on campus next month., This week's Instagram #zippypics come from students and alumni!, Students like Ryan Thompson are leaders at The University of Akron!, What can engineers learn from leaves? Janine Benyus, co-founder of Biomimicry 3.8, will tell us how nature inspires smart design tomorrow at 7:30 pm at E. J. Thomas Hall., Who wants to see a watermelon-eating contest? Come to ZipTember tomorrow for free food, contests, and entertainment., More than 1,000 students, faculty, and staff have registered to vote using TurboVote! It's as easy as grilled cheese..., Get your portrait taken at the Dear World photo shoot today and tomorrow in the Student Union. , When Caleb Porter came to UA, he had a vision for the AK-Rowdies. Six years later, the Rowdies are bigger than he could have imagined!, Did you cheer the Zips to victory or go to UA on Display this weekend? Don't forget to tag your photos for the Instagram contest! #zippypics, Jim Tressel will describe "The Journey of Success" Monday night at 6 at EJ Thomas Hall. Free!, Big weekend for Zips fans! Men's soccer is tonight at 7. The football game is Saturday at 3:30. Women's soccer plays Sunday at 3:30; men play again at 7:30. 
Catch all the details at gozips.com. #ZipsGameday, Great #zippypics this week included a 9/11 memorial, volleyball and soccer games, and views around campus. Tag your Instagram photos with #zippypics and we'll post the best ones here each week., Want to look good on paper? The Career Center will hold a resume and cover letter workshop in the Student Union room 335 from noon to 1 today., Jay took advantage of tutoring at UA and now rocks a 3.65 GPA. See for yourself how we can help you get ahead by attending ‘UA on Display’ this Saturday. It’s free!, Dear World is a community photo project that allows you to share your message with the world. Get your portrait taken and share your message when Dear World Live comes to the Student Union next Tuesday and Wednesday for Diversity Week., Counting to 10 is easy, right? Not if you've been hypnotized. 
Michael C Anthony will hypnotize the crowd at E.J. Thomas Hall tonight at 9:09. Students, bring your Zip Card to get in free., Calling all perspective students and UA alums! Food, football and fun! Register online today! , Have you downloaded the UA mobile app? You can check your class schedule, access Springboard, find the Roo Express, and more!, They’re tough!  Meet some members of our women’s soccer team, then see them in action on Sunday afternoon at 1pm versus Canisius at FirstEnergy Stadium - Cub Cadet Field. #ZipsGameday, Joining a student org is a great way to meet new friends and gain real-world experience., Interested in UA? Join us for UA on Display, where you can talk with faculty and alumni, tour campus, eat free food, and catch a football game. http://www.uakron.edu/UAonDisplay/ , Expand your mind with the UA Forum Series, which kicks off next Thursday with Dr. Ken Dychtwald's discussion of The Aging of America., Now is the time to form good study habits. Visit the tutoring center in Bierce or Polsky for help with math, writing, study skills, and general education classes. It's free!, Rock the Roo Lunchtime Concerts kick off tomorrow at the EJ Thomas Plaza with free food, t-shirts, and Bo Bice! (If it rains, the concert will be on the EJ Stage.) 
http://uaevents.com/site/page.php?id=126&event_id=1368 , null, Our Instagram contest is still going strong, including this one from last night. Tag your photos #zippypics and we'll post the best ones here on Tuesday., Students, looking for something different to do this weekend? Take your Zip Card to the Akron Art Museum for free admission!, We have light and cool air! Power has been restored across campus -- classes resume tomorrow., Advisory: Main Campus classes canceled tonight because of power outage affecting air conditioning. Football game will be played., Students, earn RooWards by attending tonight's game and talking about #ZipsGameday on Facebook and Twitter. Make sure to tag your photos with #zippypics to enter our Instagram photo contest., Tonight's homework: Find blue and gold to wear tomorrow, and watch this amazing video previewing Zips football., Quite a run: Caleb Porter to coach the Zips this fall, then take a pro job in Portland in December. 

http://www.gozips.com/sports/msoc/2012-13/releases/20120829rybm0y, Week of Welcome continues with events across campus. What's been your favorite event so far?, Can you see yourself here? Highlights from opening weekend... 
http://youtu.be/DnGxi0gKiY4?hd=1, null, Hey, where you going? Not sure on this first day of class? Look for people in purple shirts and for welcome tables across campus. They have answers (and some free goodies, too). And tag your first-day photos with #zippypics., Are you coming to Convocation tonight? It starts at 5 on Coleman Common. After Convocation, join men's soccer coach, Caleb Porter, and the AK Rowdies at a rally and then March to the Match for the men's soccer home opener at 7:30 p.m. Remember to tag your photos with #zippypics, null, Students are moving in to the residence halls and getting ready to start classes. Alumni, what is your favorite memory from your first semester at UA?, Three members of the UA community share their advice for college success. What advice would you give to help students succeed in college?, Week of Welcome starts today with Men in Black III in the Student Union Theatre at 8 p.m., We're kicking off our Instagram photo contest with this view of Buchtel Hall. Tag your photos #Zippypics and we'll display our favorites each week on Facebook., 14 tips to improve your college room... 

http://columnfivemedia.com/work-items/mint-infographic-dorm-room-makeover-%E2%80%94-from-drab-and-dreary-to-bright-and-airy/, School starts in 12 days. Are you ready to get back in the classroom?, Why geckos' sticky feet don't stick so well when wet, and how that discovery may lead to better bandages and sutures: http://bit.ly/QJGX8Z, Quiz time... where is this on campus?, Hear from UA's expert on Olympics music -- http://t.co/i7ZW6yt3, 16 days until Week of Welcome begins. Who's ready? http://www.uakron.edu/wowua, Jim Tressel talks about UA in new spots that run during Olympics coverage in NE Ohio: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FUE6utPJ1dg, Heads-up: Coming to campus this PM? Visit by President Obama likely to snarl traffic -- http://bit.ly/OodfTz, Inspiring story about a sharp 97-year-old woman who has taken 37 courses at UA since she turned 90 -- http://bit.ly/NfnGqJ, A big thanks to the 1,700 who attended today's Visit Day. Tell us: Did you like what you saw?, Buchtel Ave at College Street will be closed for a few hours as crews repair the road, damaged by last night's heavy rain. Smart idea to plan an alternative route., Here's the first story filed from Fox 8's new Akron bureau in UA's School of Communication. 

http://fox8.com/2012/07/25/fox-8-opens-new-bureau-at-university-of-akron/#ooid=Y4d3doNTpuiwnh5IMzKR66GnkeJ7IVR4, How students will benefit from the move of Fox 8-Cleveland's Akron  bureau to UA's School of Communication. http://bit.ly/OeOAUV, Have you worked for an arrogant boss?

Often they're poor performers and a destructive force. Now, a UA researcher has a test to help organizations ID arrogant bosses (and yes, they can be reformed!).

http://www.uakron.edu/im/online-newsroom/news_details.dot?newsId=04c167e1-09af-44ea-a365-87927c3de0c0, How Akron students & Jim Tressel are using tech to boost student success (with video) -- bit.ly/NDlk9l, Wondering if you can fit classes into your busy work/life schedule? Free info session tomorrow on this topic. http://www.uakron.edu/flexible/, Quiz time again... where is this on campus?, Why some students are excited to take calculus this summer: http://bit.ly/OGlMiS, Quiz time: Where is this on campus? (Hint: It's in more than one place.), We're getting ready for a great fall term. And there's still time to join us! Attend a free info session July 21 to learn more. http://www.uakron.edu/flexible/, Quiz time -- Where is this on campus?, Remember the show "Shaq Vs"?  Same idea here, with former Zips soccer player Adrienne Steckel trying her hand at different Zips athletics. In this episode, she "masters" tennis... http://youtu.be/lGqGw8hbldk, We're getting ready to open our newest residence hall -- South Hall -- in August. It's on Grant Street, where some of the Townhouses were located.  http://bit.ly/8VeMd7, Some design tips for your college home... http://www.usatodayeducate.com/staging/index.php/styles/dormify-design-for-dudes. What's essential for your space?, Get on the bus -- the C-SPAN campaign bus that is, rolling onto campus on Friday...  http://bit.ly/MBPFSm, A day in the life of Jim Tressel, focused on promoting student success and engaging with alumni. http://bit.ly/KBOOzu, This is what Buchtel Common may look like, looking east, near Bierce Library, in the future under a master guide plan accepted by our board yesterday. What do you think? See more pix here: http://bit.ly/M8HDOz, Trivia time... how did the Zips nickname come about?, Free concerts and fun with Summer in the City — check it out! http://www.uakron.edu/summer-in-the-city/
, Read about the amazing gift that will benefit Bliss Institute students for decades to come!  http://www.uakron.edu/im/online-newsroom/news_details.dot?newsId=cc6110e4-51d8-49c0-b16e-f6f94689dfba&pageTitle=Top%20Story%20Headline&crumbTitle=$2.8%20million%20gift%20to%20support%20UA%20students%20of%20practical%20politics, Tell us about your great co-op or internship this summer! 

Here's one: www.uakron.edu/im/online-newsroom/news_details.dot?newsId=ae21dc37-84a1-4b3d-9ba2-4a1a203b9b55, Congrats to student Nick Lopez, who won Athletics' T-shirt design competition. What do you think? http://www.gozips.com/sports/fball/2011-12/releases/20120517i6yhr2, Faculty choose Wes Moore's book "The Other Wes Moore" as the common reading selection for incoming first-year students. Readers: Give us your thoughts on the book.  http://www.uakron.edu/nso/first-year-experience/common-reading.dot, Zips baseball players shaved their heads to raise $8,000 for Children's Hospital. You can help by attending tonight's game vs. Kent at Canal Park -- all proceeds go to the hospital. First pitch at 6:30 p.m.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BKEDXikypbE, Pardon our commotion: UA will be the site of a disaster drill this PM. Don't be alarmed by emergency vehicles and personnel on campus. Details at bit.ly/JZigSJ, Safety first: UA will be the site of mock disaster drill Wednesday, so don't be alarmed if you see emergency vehicles, HAZMAT teams, etc., Congratulations to the 2,700+ students who graduated this weekend at one of our five commencement ceremonies. -- http://www.uakron.edu/graduation , UA receives a $1 million gift to help more adults return to college. Thank you, Bernard Osher Foundation! http://bit.ly/IK1McL, SpringFest is today! To help you prepare, here's an image from last year's SF...Zippy with a real roo.  http://www.uakron.edu/springfest, Alright, so it doesn't look like much now, but this is the stage being built for tomorrow's SpringFest, which will include fireworks, 3OH!3 and sunshine. Who's ready? http://www.uakron.edu/springfest/, Award-winning student-designed robots will take over the Auburn Science Center lobby from 11 to 1 today. All invited!  http://bit.ly/Is1yKM, Highlights of the ZTV Lowdown concert at the Honors College featuring Roscoe. http://youtu.be/P7aKdknl6gA, The Student Union will become the STUDY Union starting Sunday night with tutors on hand, study rooms, free coffee station, games and other goodies!, Smucker's has long been a friend of the University, and today we're pleased to announce that Smucker's will generously fund a leadership institute in our College of Business Administration. Thank you, Smucker's! http://bit.ly/Jkgtaq, UA engineering students built a mini-car that is powered by a chemical reaction and stopped by a second reaction. See how they fared yesterday against other universities… http://bit.ly/Ii2AJ6, Ahead of Earth Day, ZTV's Moving Forward interviews economics prof Elizabeth Erickson on the topics of overfishing and sustainability. http://youtu.be/KU8cDVw3nAg, Men's soccer releases its 'most difficult schedule' yet -- http://bit.ly/I55a1q. Which match are you most looking forward to?, Congrats to four UA biomed students for winning the $10K top prize in the LaunchTown Entrepreneurship competition. Next step: FDA approval of their spinal implant.  http://bit.ly/HU9nf3, SpringFest preview is today from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. in Coleman Common. Winslow will play, and you can enter to win to meet the members of 3OH!3 at SpringFest on April 27., Zips Racing unveils its 2012 car. Next stop: races in Michigan, Germany and Austria. http://bit.ly/HQWr8s, Prospects for spring graduates are looking up: http://bit.ly/IN7bB9.  Alums: What advice do you have for job-seeking graduates?, Today, the student design teams in Engineering showed off their senior projects. Below is one of them, an "autonomous" blimp, being flown near Simmons Hall., Welcome to the attendees of this weekend's sold-out Black Male Summit at UA. Focus will be on approaches that enable more black males to succeed in colleges everywhere. http://bit.ly/IJMARQ, Thinking about an MBA? We're holding several information sessions for our Saturday MBA program. Great for busy professionals!, The New Yorker magazine is famous for its provocative covers. Wednesday night at E.J., hear from the art director, Françoise Mouly. It's free!

http://www.uakron.edu/im/online-newsroom/news_details.dot?newsId=cb7fe4ca-c64d-4e9e-bfaf-3da7b1fb7714, Funny story in today's Beacon about UA's 1974 championship pingpong team...  that never faced a real opponent. http://bit.ly/IaToZp, Today was Jim Tressel's first day back at UA. See what he did: http://bit.ly/HOJZ6q, A UA study finds that most Americans say coverage of religion by the news media is too sensationalized. Agree or disagree? 

http://www.uakron.edu/im/online-newsroom/news_details.dot?newsId=da6862bb-1d56-44b1-83e3-6e5b9367c3f1, This is an inflatable blue whale the size of a 737 jet in the Student Union ballroom today. It was created by UA students, ultimately to be used with accompanying lesson plans by middle schools to teach anatomy, science and math., Universities play a growing role in driving economic growth in their communities -- nurturing start-ups, for instance. What we're doing at Akron is increasingly viewed as a model to follow. http://bit.ly/HkYMXg , Terrific day for us as a team of researchers -- including many students -- wins a major award from GE for its work on breast cancer research. Congrats to Dr. Judit Puskas and her team! http://bit.ly/HgyR0Q, Two graduate programs are singled out by US News & World Report for their excellence: http://bit.ly/GQ71Hr, USA's Olympic soccer team, led by UA head soccer coach Caleb Porter, takes the first step toward London with a 6-0 win over Cuba yesterday. http://msn.foxsports.com/foxsoccer/usa/story/caleb-porter-united-states-olympic-squad-eager-to-break-from-old-american-traditions-032212, Pssst: Look for a flash mob to promote SpringFest at 11 a.m. Tuesday in the Union Market area of the Student Union. Don't miss it!, Good news: Parker Hannifin will invest $15M in a high-tech polymer lab in Ravenna, and they'll partner with us and the Cleveland Clinic to develop medical-device polymers. http://www.cleveland.com/business/index.ssf/2012/03/parker_hannifin_to_invest_15_m.html, Zeke and the Zips are in Chicago, prepping for tonight's NIT opener versus Northwestern at 9 p.m. Catch it on ESPN2 or 1350AM. Go Zips!, This week's heat wave has us thinking about summer. Got plans? You can catch up or zip ahead by taking a course or two this summer. We're making it easy with lots of online courses, too. http://www.uakron.edu/summer/, Men's basketball defeats Kent State 78-74 in the MAC semifinals! The team will be back in action tomorrow night at 8 for the championship. Get to the Q or watch it on ESPN2., Who's ready for Round 3? Zips vs. Golden Flashes, tonight at 7 p.m. for a trip to the MAC Finals! 

Join us at the Clevelander and The Q or watch live on STO! Go Zips!, Who's going? The Zips play in the MAC semifinals at 7 p.m. Friday at the Q. We'll know tonight who the opponent will be. Until then, enjoy some Roo Madness... http://youtu.be/fFV7DcnEQEc, We are wishing save travels to our 80 students and 13 trip advisers traveling on Alternative Spring Break to locations around the U.S. for a week of community service., 
What are you doing this summer? Consider taking a class. We are offering a new accelerated May session, many online courses; and a $300 scholarship you can apply to select courses. http://www.uakron.edu/summer/, null, They did it! The Zips clinch their first-ever Mid-American Conference regular-season championship with a 61-55 victory over Kent State March 2 before a national ESPN2 television audience., Congratulations to students Courtney Gras and Tom Vo, statewide winners of a national business competition at which they successfully pitched their energy-saving technology. Today the duo is facing teams from seven regional states, with the winner advancing to the national final. Good luck!, Drumroll.... here's the featured band for SpringFest..., For a seventh straight year, the men's b-ball team wins 20 games, winning last night by 11 over BG. Catch them next at 8 p.m. Sunday at Ohio on ESPNU. Go Zips!, Tomorrow at noon, the SpringFest main act will be announced. Who will it be?, Students: We want to make our free mobile app better. You can help by completing this short survey... http://bit.ly/yiMHKE, What's the future of personal technology? Ohio-born NY Times tech columnist David Pogue speaks at E.J. Thomas Hall tonight. , Looking for a summer internship? Visit our Career Center site for listings (http://www.uakron.edu/career/current-students/co-op-or-internship/index.dot), attend Thursday's Career Fair, and check out this site provided by the state: http://ohiomeansinternships.com/ , Impressive list of companies coming to UA to recruit at Thursday's Career Fair... American Greetings, Apple, FedEx, Goodyear, PepsiCo. See full list at http://bit.ly/xiRKJC., Going to the Zips game tonite? Arrive early. Many events on east side of campus today, plus the snow..., Great article in today's Beacon about Dr. Henry “Hank” Stevens, who at 93 continues to teach chemistry at UA and says the contact with students keeps him young.  , Are you ready for the Career Fair on Thursday, Feb. 16? Get ready by attending the free workshop "Career Fair: Tips and Hints" at 1 p.m. Thursday, Feb. 9 in Student Union 316. No registration required., Zips men's soccer coach Caleb Porter did it again -- bringing in the top ranked class of recruits in the nation. This fall will be fun!, Big night for the men's and women's b-ball teams -- both big winners. The men, now 8-1 in the MAC, keep a tight grip on the top slot in the east division. Their next home game is Saturday, Feb. 11., Have you picked your favorite Super Bowl ad yet? , Welcome to Akron, Jim Tressel! Below, he meets with students this morning, ahead of the media briefing at which we announced his appointment to an administrative position focused on student success., We're launching a new ad campaign today with a contest: We want you to pick our Super Bowl commercial..., Have you downloaded UA's free mobile app yet? It now has access to Springboard and Zips Athletics. Get it today..., Actress Geena Davis, who will speak Monday at E.J. Thomas Hall, says her role in 'Thelma & Louise' incited her focus today on how women are reflected in society..., ESPN's profile of Zeke Marshall describes how the 7-footer long resisted playing the sport, but now he's thinking about an NBA career., Are you ready? We are three weeks from the All-Campus Career Fair. To help you prepare, the Career Center has a number of workshops schedule. Details at http://www.uakron.edu/career/current-students/career-fair.dot, Men's basketball knocks off rival Kent State, 84-75, Saturday evening in front of a sold out crowd at James A. Rhodes Arena. Who was there?, Big rivalry game Saturday vs. Kent. This video captures it perfectly... , Our new strategic plan -- endorsed today -- reflects the thoughts of thousands, and it calls for increased enrollment, graduation rates, research funding and investment in our community. It will boost your university to greater prominence!, Congratulations to Akron's Darren Mattocks, who was the second overall pick in today's Major League Soccer SuperDraft. He's off to Vancouver. Way to go, Darren!, We are grateful for the generosity of Steve and Jerry Panzner of Copley Township, who will donate their wildlife preserve to us so that students and faculty can conduct wetlands research. Great story..., Big hire for Terry Bowden as Chuck Amato agrees to be the Zips' associate head coach and defensive coordinator. Saturday afternoons at InfoCision Stadium are going to be interesting..., Our professors make predictions for 2012 in politics, the economy, social media and health. Read what David Cohen, Therese Lueck, Willa Gibson, Mark Kent, Bill Hauser and Rebecca Kuntz Willits had to say, then tell us your predictions for the year ahead., Watch Coach Terry Bowden's introductory press conference tonight at 5  live online at GoZips.com!, That costumed character you've seen zipping around campus isn't Santa (yet), it's Zippy..., The new head coach of Akron Zips football would like to introduce himself ..., Where is Zippy's favorite ski slope? Find out in our animated holiday card..., TubaChristmas is tomorrow, with hundreds of tubas festively decorated with tinsel, garlands and lights. Shows at noon and 2:30 p.m. at E.J. Thomas Performing Arts Hall! It's free!, Congratulations to the 1,300+ who received diplomas at Commencement exercises over this weekend, including Lauren Mostardi, who overcame cancer on her path to a degree., Looking up: Akron was No. 2 nationally in metro job growth in October. One of UA's economists explains Akron's strength..., Is your boss arrogant? A study by a University of Akron dean says arrogant bosses usually end up derailing their careers. Agree, or no?, Tip of the hat to our Clinic for Individual and Family Counseling, celebrating its 25th anniversary this week., Students: If you rent near campus, sign up to have our police check your house periodically over winter break. It's free!, Preparing for exams? Maybe 30 minutes of exercise would improve your performance..., Thinking of going for an MBA part time? Explore UA's flexible program, designed for busy professionals (and recently named No. 1 in northeast Ohio)., Watch the Zips vs. SMU live -- starts at 8 ET..., Zips win! Beat Northwestern 3-1 and advance to the second round Sunday vs. SMU in Dallas. More on GoZips.com soon!, Who's ready for some soccer tonight?, See men's soccer head coach Caleb Porter's message to fans for this Thursday's NCAA tourney match vs. Northwestern at 7:30 p.m. at FirstEnergy Stadium - Cub Cadet Field. Porter has purchased 1,500 student tickets to be given out at the "March to the Match" at 6 p.m. Must have a valid Akron student ID to get a ticket., Title bid to begin: Men's soccer will open NCAA tourney with a home match at 7:30 on Thursday vs. Northwestern. Be there!, On this Veterans Day, we honor all who have served our country, including UA student Michelle McBee, whose life story is amazing..., Big win for the Zips tonight!, Beacon Journal says the men's basketball team has the potential to reach new heights this year. Catch the team tonight at 7 ET vs. Mississippi State on ESPNU., Your university is assuming a big role in driving the economic engine of our region, so that there are jobs for our students and more opportunities for all., Planning the weekend? Our theatre program's performance of "The Great God Brown" begins its run Thursday night through Sunday, and again next weekend. , Anybody carve a Zippy-themed pumpkin? Let's see the pics., Props to the men's soccer team, winners last night over Bowling Green, 3-0, to claim the MAC regular-season crown. Two goals and an assist from Darren Mattocks! ACC member Wake Forest visits FirstEnergy Stadium - Cub Cadet Field on Saturday at 7:30 p.m.
, We're so proud of those of you who volunteered time Saturday to improve our area on Make a Difference Day. If you volunteered, tell us what you did and what it meant to you. , Congratulations to UA men's soccer coach Caleb Porter, who today was selected to lead the United States' effort to win Olympic gold in soccer at the London games!, Take a study break... men's soccer team and Michigan heading into overtime. Catch it live now on the Big Ten Network., UA's national Center for the History of Psychology will be part of the Travel Channel's 'Mysteries at the Museum' tonight at 9. Don't miss it!, Don't forget about the Career Fair tomorrow -- meet with more than 100 employers in the Student Union between 10:30 a.m. and 3 p.m. Details above. , UA students: Are you getting ready for Boo at the Roo on Oct. 26? What costumes will be popular this year -- any guesses?, We hope you've taken advantage of our extensive China Week activities. Monday night is our John S. Knight Lecture, with Pulitzer Prize winning journalists Nicholas Kristof and Sheryl WuDunn. Their talk is titled "Reflections on China: Tiananmen to Present" It's free!, Congrats to the men's soccer team for its 2-0 win over Northern Illinois last night. , Homecoming tailgate begins at minutes -- join us at Coleman Common near the stadium. Football at 2, volleyball at 5, men's soccer at 7:30 - plus lots of family-friendly events throughout the day. , Do you eat more when dining with a man or a woman? The answer, it turns out, depends on gender, according to a University of Akron researcher., Stanley Silverman, No. 1 Zips Fan of the Day and dean of UA's Summit College, wants to see YOU at UA Homecoming on October 8!, See us now! Homecoming week is under way, with salsa dancing tonight at E.J. and comedian Ross "The Intern" Mathews from Leno's show tomorrow night. , Can Xbox enhance students' academic performance? Three UA professors say yes., Have a background in science, technology, math or the medical field, but yearning to teach? Discover the College of Education's Woodrow Wilson Ohio Teaching Fellowship.

A representative from the fellowship will be at UA in October. This session will be open to anyone interested in applying for this prestigious Fellowship., Amazing match last night before a record crowd at FirstEnergy Stadium - Cub Cadet Field as the men's soccer team sunk OSU, 3-1., We're making some big improvements to FirstEnergy Stadium - Cub Cadet Field,  working to enhance our 4th place national ranking of "most exciting places to watch a soccer match."  See for yourself during Wednesday's home match against Ohio State., More images from the first floor of Bierce Library, now transformed into what is called "the Learning Commons." What do you think?, Thanks, Lakewood, for the warm welcome last night. We're delighted to be part of your town!, Enjoy a taste of pop/rock from 'Stars Go Dim' -- Wednesday's free lunchtime concert at EJT plaza. Bring your Zip Card for food and goodies!, Prospective Zips: Looking to set up a campus visit this fall?, The University of Akron is coming to Lakewood! Celebrate the opening at 4 p.m. Sept. 22 at the UA site in the Bailey Building at Detroit Ave. and Warren Road. See the classrooms, meet instructors, mingle with friends, enjoy music and more. It's free!, Look at the new Learning Commons in Bierce Library. The place looks completely different., "Awesome" "amazing" and "like" are some of the most overused words in our language.  Wei Zhang, assistant professor of English, will discuss this topic at 7:30 tonight on WKSU-FM. What words do you think are overused?, We're very proud of the new veterans' lounge dedicated on campus yesterday, and the fact that we were recently named once again a 'Military Friendly School' . Thank you, veterans, for your service!, Here's an image of flags in front of the Student Union prior to our 9/11 ceremony today., Men's basketball has released its schedule for the coming season. Highlights include a visit to Rhodes Arena by VCU, which made it to the Final Four last year. Which home game are you most looking forward to?, Great offer for Zips fans from Huntington Bank - Be one of the first 75 Huntington customers to show your debit card at the C.P. and Cornelia S. Chima Athletics Ticket Office at InfoCision Stadium Akron campus and get 2 FREE TICKETS to that week's game along with FREE PARKING. Click the link for official rules!, UA's commemoration of 9-11 begins Thursday with a symposium and the opening of an exhibit with 9-11 artifacts.  We'll also hold a ceremony Friday morning in front of Buchtel Hall. Please join us., Join UA tomorrow, 9/7/11, at Buchtel Field for food, fun and community building starting at 6 p.m.  Visit http://www.uakron.edu/sg/asg/projects/zipnic/ for more information., Our first 'Rock the Roo' concert is Wednesday from 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. on the E.J. Thomas Hall plaza with Blessid Union of Souls, best known from "Hey Leonardo (She Likes Me for Me)." Stop by for lunch (free pizza for those with a valid Zip Card while supplies last), great music and other giveaways! , We've upgraded our mobile app to include Springboard, athletics events and Zip Card locations. More enhancements are on the way. What would you like to see in the app? , Highlights from men's soccer season-opening 5-0 win over Cleveland State. Attendance record set with 5,000+ fans. Also NCAA record set: most consecutive home non-losing streak with 40., Geckos' secret revealed by UA scientists: When geckos scamper up a wall, they adhere to the surface because of a lipid secreted by their footpads. The discovery will advance work toward designing wall-climbing robots and better microelectronics, adhesive tapes and bioadhesives., We're excited by our new agreement with Canton's Timken Co. It will give UA engineering students hand-on experience with Timken scientists on real-world projects., The season opens Saturday for the men's soccer team as they begin to defend their national championship. Who's in?!, Welcome back, students! Move-in has begun, and Week of Welcome activities begin today at 4 with New Student Convocation. http://www.uakron.edu/week-of-welcome/, We asked three of our professors for advice they would offer incoming students. Dr. Phil Hoffman says the key is handling well the daily micro-decisions, such as, "Should I go to class or sleep in?" What advice do you have for new students?, Summer internships are a great way to gain experience. UA senior Samantha Bittinger worked at NASA this summer. Talk with your adviser and the Career Center this fall about lining up an internship for next summer., UA offers more than 200 undergraduate majors, including 11 of the 13 best-paying college majors, according to the site PayScale., Come on out for a day of great fun for all ages and hear UA’s own Steel Drum Band!, UA students talk about how their smartphones have changed their lives: http://www.ohio.com/business/smartphones-are-changing-life-jobs-school-1.226342. How has your phone made college life easier?, Congrats to all alumni named by the Akron Chamber's "30 For the Future" list, including Sherry Neubert, Amanda Barna and Shon Christy, who were profiled in today's Beacon., CSI Akron? Students in forensic-archaeology class dig up bones to solve a "crime." , Amazing "Akron After Hours" team from student-run Z-TV wins its third local Emmy in five years. Sample the sketch comedy show here and let us know what you think ..., Tip of the cap to two strong NEO companies for stepping forward to make possible further improvements to our soccer stadium. In response, we're delighted to rename the venue after them; it's now FirstEnergy Stadium – Cub Cadet Field. Only 71 days until the home opener!, Check out UA's newest green space — the Culinary Teaching Garden in the courtyard of Schrank Hall South., Listen in as Keith Dambrot, men's basketball coach, makes an appearance on ESPN’s Mike & Mike in the Morning via phone on Friday, June 10, at 9 a.m. ET. Zips fans can catch the show live on ESPN2, WKNR (850 AM) in the Akron/Cleveland area, WTIG (990 AM) in Canton, WBBW (1240 AM) in Youngstown or online at espn.go.com/espnradio., Caleb Porter, the coach of your national champion men's soccer team, speaking before the Akron Roundtable: "The pursuit of a championship begins with each new season. But the building of a champion happens each and every day.'', On your marks...  Univ of Akron Press about to roll out two books about the Soap Box Derby -- just in time for '25 Hill' and the derby itself., Spiderman lives? A UA researcher discovers that tarantulas shoot silk from their feet., Something old, something new, something purple, something blue in next season's Broadway lineup coming to E.J. Thomas., Good luck to the women's tennis team, playing No. 10-ranked Michigan Saturday in  the first round of the NCAA tournament. Here's a preview from UA's coach and players..., Hats off to our law school grads who took the Bar Exam for the first time in February. The results are in, and every candidate passed, giving our School of Law the best pass rate in Ohio., Big weekend here as 2,650 students will go through Commencement. Congrats to all! Give a shout out to your graduate..., Be among the first to get it: Minutes ago, we introduced a free mobile app for the University. Let us know what you think about it. , Students: If you are to take a computer-based test in Schrank North 153 this week, follow this feed to learn of wait times: http://twitter.com/#!/uatesting, At SpringFest, Zippy spends time with some real 'roos., Aces! Akron's women's tennis team beats Miami and wins the school's first MAC title., Congrats to the 62 Early College High School students who graduated yesterday with a high school diploma AND college credits. Great story..., SpringFest has opened, crowd is gathering, music in the air and the sky is brightening. Get down here!, SpringFest is tonight, with live music, food, fireworks, clearing skies (hopefully) and -- kangaroos?, Quiz time: Which is the bigger event on Friday: Royal Wedding or SpringFest?  Discuss., A big Zips cheer for Rachel Manthe, a senior biomedical engineering student who has been awarded a prestigious National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowship. Congrats, Rachel!, Finally, a nice spring day to enjoy the magnolias blooming near the Student Union. Where's the best place on campus to hang out on a spring afternoon?, Considering an MBA? Our revised, flexible MBA program seeks to appeal to people in the workforce and those with non-business backgrounds., Bands announced for SpringFest...., Too cool: As part of a new interactive exhibit at our Myers School of Art, you can scan a QR code at each piece, learn more about the art and provide a response. , An impressive Fear the Roo cake. Hungry, anyone? , Good news for those of you preparing to graduate in May: Employers expect to hire 21 percent more new college grads this year than they did last year. 

If you need some guidance on the job market, visit our terrific Career Center in Simmons Hall. , So... the esteemed Oxford English Dictionary has added LOL and OMG -- but would you ever use them in a term paper?, UA will team with Ohio companies to create research space for our fast-growing College of Engineering., Today we're introducing a new online lab where ideas are proposed and debated. Join students and faculty now as they offer and evaluate ideas to improve student academic success. , Celebrate the arrival of spring by getting out of the house and attending a JazzFest concert this week., Count Charlie Sheen among those rooting for the Zips today. He picked them to win it all..., Lots of places to watch Friday's big game vs. Notre Dame, including Schrank Hall South 145, where we'll have it on a big screen for students. Where will you be watching?, Zips vs. Fighting Irish, Friday, March 18, 1:40 p.m. Eastern Time at the United Center in Chicago. Watch the game on TBS-TV. Go Zips!, The Zips are going to the Big Dance! They will take on the Fighting Irish of Notre Dame on Friday, March 18, in the second round of the NCAA Tournament. Go Zips!, Zips defeat rival Kent State 66-65 in overtime to win MAC Championship! Go Zips!, Zips defeat Western Michigan 79-68! Advance to MAC Championship at 6 tomorrow. Go Zips!, In case you missed it, here's video from last night's thrilling 2OT victory over Miami. Next, the Zips play W. Michigan at 7 tonight at the Q and on SportsTime Ohio. Visit GoZips.com for info about the pregame party! , Students! Five things you can do that will make your spring break even more awesome (and safe): http://www.uakron.edu/audiences/current_students/ , It's tournament time, with both the men's and women's b-ball teams in action within the next 24hrs. Men play at 7 tonight in Rhodes. The women at 5 on Wednesday at the Q in Cleveland. Eat 'em up, Zips!, Just a few hours from the start of Dr. Cornel West's lecture at E.J. Thomas Hall Below, see Dr. West on Colbert from earlier this year., Lots of b-ball action in the next 24 hours as the men's team plays at Kent at 7 tonight (on ESPN2), and the women's team opens MAC tournament play with a home game Saturday at 2 against Western Michigan. Go Zips!, Second-annual SpringFest will be April 29 from 3 to 10 p.m. near the Student Union. Games, food, music, good times. Who's in?, It's Women's History Month, and tonight UA will host a panel discussion with distinguished 'Women Trailblazers' from various fields.  Tell us about a woman trailblazer who inspires you!  , Advisory: The Akron campus, Wayne College and Medina are closed Friday. See details on UA home page., Congrats to the men's basketball team, winners now of six in a row after last night's victory-- they're peaking at just the right time. Next home game is Saturday., Just one week until the big Mardi Gras Dance Party @ E.J.'s Stage Door. It's for UA students only -- be sure to bring your Zip Card. Bonus: It's free! 

If you went last year, tell us what it's like!, Because of the weather, our Akron campus, Wayne College and Medina are closed from 7 p.m. to midnight on Monday.  See details on our home page., The Zips beat Creighton last night to improve to 17-10. If you couldn't make it, here are the highlights., Ready, set -- register! Registration for summer classes begins in a few hours. Have you taken summer classes before? Tell us what it's like. , Congrats to the College of Education for launching its new FB page. Looks great!, Hammer on Steel: UA's beloved Steel Drum Band is the focus of two UA-produced documentaries tonight on PBS. , Blue penguins? Believe it! UA researchers explain..., Feel the energy: Get a sneak peek at UA's new, regional Super Bowl ad debuting Sunday in 2nd quarter, ADVISORY: UA's Akron campus, Wayne College and the Medina County University Center are closed Wednesday because of the weather. 

Only employees designated as emergency personnel are to report to work at their regularly scheduled times. 

Updates will be available by calling 330-972-7669, checking the UA home page, and by tuning in to local radio/TV., WEATHER UPDATE: We continue to monitor weather conditions. You can learn whether UA will be open Wednesday by calling the snowline at 330-972-7669  or by tuning in to the major radio and television stations in Cleveland and Akron.

We will make every attempt to notify you of a closing via the UA home page, social media and cell phone alerts; however, interruptions to power could delay these electronic updates., UA's Akron campus and the Medina County University Center are  closed Tuesday because of the weather. 

Updates will be available by calling 330-972-7669  (TDD/voice: 330-972-6238), checking the University's home page, and by tuning  in to the major radio and television stations in Cleveland and Akron.

Stay safe!, Dr. Cornel West's lecture tonight at Thomas Hall has been canceled, but hold on to your tix; we're trying to reschedule it. Refunds are available, however, at the point of purchase., At his peak: Alumnus Michael Nash is now the top ranger at Grand Teton National Park. Congrats!, Need a study break? Blow off some steam at the men's b-ball game 6 p.m. Sunday. , Dozens of thought-provoking "Rethinking Race" events start Friday, including Dr. Cornel West's lecture on Monday. Which speaker or activity is on your calendar?, Passionate about higher education? Check out the Ohioans for Higher Education page, which is bringing together people who care about higher education in Ohio – students, parents, faculty, staff, alumni – to share ideas, ask questions and get involved in building support across Ohio for UA and our state’s other fine public universities. , Fascinating NYT story about how we learn and retain information (a must-read before that next exam!) -- http://nyti.ms/eQkO3w, The ice is flying fast and furious right now at IceFest outside of the Student Union. Student masters of ice will be carving until 1 p.m. Stop by!, Men's head soccer coach Caleb Porter addresses the crowd in Rhodes Arena at tonight's celebration of the team's national championship. Behind the team are the nets from the championship game in Santa Barbara, Calif., Coach Caleb Porter enjoys a light moment with his team captains during tonight's celebration for the national champion men's soccer team., We're about an hour from the start of the celebration in honor of our national champion men's soccer team. The entire team is expected to be on hand, including the 7 selected last week in the MLS draft. The celebration is free, and it starts at 5:30 in Rhodes Arena. Join us!, Looking up: The Beacon Journal reports on the 'rebirth' of University Park, the 50-block area around UA., Observe Martin Luther King Jr. Day by taking part in the activities fair Monday from 11:30 a.m. to 3 p.m. in the Student Union. Then, starting  Jan. 28 and extending two weeks, UA will hold its expansive Rethinking Race series, with dozens of events, including a lecture by Cornel West., Big rally on Tuesday @ 5:30 in Rhodes Arena to celebrate the men's soccer team's national championship. Don't miss it!, UA grad Yvette Nicole Brown of NBC's "Community" describes life behind the scenes at a sitcom. , Amazing...   Five Zips among the top eight selections of the Major League Soccer draft. , Akron police have closed Route 8 south at the Central Interchange because of an accident. Motorists are encouraged to avoid the area., Students! Don't forget about ZPN's Welcome Back Spring Festival with games, food & novelties tomorrow from noon to 4 p.m. in the Student Union Ballroom., Don't miss our newest Report to the Community. It discribes the many ways we are working to set a New Gold Standard in university performance., Big games Saturday as women's b-ball plays Ohio at noon, and the men play arch rival Kent at 7. Can't make it to the men's game? Catch it on SportsTime Ohio!, UA researchers are developing the next generation polymers that conduct electricity. Could better sensors, displays and batteries be far behind?, In this e-card, Zippy wishes you and yours a joyful holiday season. Share it with others!, A shout-out to our friends at FirstMerit for their 21-story salute to our national champion men's soccer team., Soccer team returns to Akron with national championship trophy in hand. http://www.ohio.com/news/top_stories/111863254.html, Because of the snow, the Akron campus, Wayne and Medina locations are closed today. Also, the soccer rally has been canceled, but a second one is being planned for January when students return.  Garrison Keillor's appearance canceled, too. Keep warm!, ZIPS ARE NATIONAL CHAMPIONS! Win 1-0 vs. Louisville in the College Cup. Congrats to Coach Caleb Porter and all the Zips., One down, one to go... Men's soccer tops Michigan 2-1 in the College Cup -- will play Louisville at 4 p.m. Sunday for the national title. Nice showing by the Rowdies in California, too. Eat em up, Zips!, Looking for a place to watch the men's soccer College Cup match tonight? The Department of Student Life will feature the action live from Santa Barbara, Calif., on the big screen in the Student Union Theatre. The first match between North Carolina and Louisville will be on at 8:30 p.m. UA's match against Michigan begins at approximately 11 p.m.  Go Zips!, Feel warm all over: Hats and gloves are being collected across campus for the 600+ youngsters who attend the two elementary schools near UA., They did it! Men's soccer tops Cal 3-2 in penalty kicks to advance to the College Cup for a second straight year. Send-off celebration set for 5:30 p.m. Tuesday at the Stile Athletic Field House. It's free!, Bundle up, Zips fans! UA plays Cal Saturday at 4 p.m.  The winner will advance to the College Cup in Santa Barbara, Calif., the following weekend. Everything you need to know about Saturday's match is below..., Doing good... UA anthropology students discover that nearby low-income elementary students tend to hoard food at the end of week. The research helped draw $43K in donations to help the pupils. http://bit.ly/gZXuQA, Congrats to men's soccer, 2-1 winners over Indiana today in College Cup action. Next up is probably Cal, which is leading Brown right now, 2-0., We're just a few hours from kickoff for tonight's home game vs. Miami. All kinds of promotions are being offered (see link below). Can't make it to the stadium? Catch the action at 6 on ESPNU., Just announced: Sarah McLachlan coming to E.J. on Jan. 5. Tickets go on sale Friday., Big game tonight for the men's basketball team versus Dayton. You can catch it on Fox Sports Ohio starting at 9., The NY Daily News talks with comedian and UA grad George Wallace about his career as a headliner in Vegas and Atlantic City., Forbes says Akron is one of the most affordable college towns in America. Tell us: What's the best part about living in Akron?, Less than one week is left to vote for UA midfielder Anthony Ampaipitakwong for the Lowe's Senior CLASS Award! He currently holds a 10.6% lead over the nearest nominee!, Cue the spooky music...  Huffington Post says UA is one of 13 haunted campuses in the U.S., Independent voters say their voices are not being heard, according to a Bliss Institute study released today. http://bit.ly/aFZ2ge, Vuvuzelas ready? No. 1 men's soccer will host No. 9 Creighton tonight on STO if you can not make it to the match http://buzztap.com/-C0r37l, Watch UA President Luis Proenza's State of the University Address live now at http://bit.ly/bBwCz8, Who knows the words to UAkron's fight song? Did you know Fred Waring composed it? Here's the backstory: http://bit.ly/9cfUKB, UA students: Only 6 days until 'Boo at the Roo' at E.J.  Tell us about the costume you're planning..., It's blue & gold vs. maize & blue tonight at 7:30 at Lee Jackson Soccer Field. Don't miss it!, UA researchers discover that high humidity can cause some birds' feathers to change color. The change may play a role in mate selection., Our law professors blog about legal matters in the news @ http://bit.ly/byJwav  Today: Is it really 'your' money?, The steel shell of Memorial Hall fell to earth yesterday. Photos & story: http://bit.ly/abQO9F Up next: New Coll of Education bldg., The next time you are in Bierce Library, see our 'Great Wall about China,' a new, interactive display about China and its rich culture., It's China Week at UA, with activities planned daily. NYT's Thomas Friedman will speak Wednesday evening on campus. Full schedule at http://www.uakron.edu/ci/china-week.dot, Can you imagine a penguin that's not black and white? Two of our researchers have joined with others to produce evidence that penguins have evolved colorfully., With others, UA researcher Dr. Todd Blackledge discovers giant, super strong spider webs. Watch out bugs! Birds, too?, Can't be in C-town for tonight's big men's soccer match vs. Ohio State? Hear it on 1350-AM starting at 6:45 --  http://bit.ly/a3vBHJ, It's Homecoming Week, with a number of special events planned to mark the University's 140th anniversary. Plus, there's a soccer double-header on Friday, and the football team will play Northern Illinois at 6 p.m. Saturday. Join us!, Congratulations to Dr. Elizabeth Stroble, our former provost, who is being inaugurated today as president at Webster University in St. Louis., Were you there?  No. 1 UA men's soccer team powers by No. 2 Tulsa 4-0 before record home crowd and nat'l TV audience. Next game next Fri. night. Don't miss it!, Tonight's men's soccer match between No. 1 Akron and No. 2 Tulsa is sold out, but you can watch it on Fox Soccer Channel (channel 318 for those with TWC digital) at 8 p.m.  Here's info about student admissions and parking..., Welcome back! Actress Yvette Nicole Brown of NBC's "Community" will be on campus this weekend to receive a distinguished alumna award., Don't miss it: Bob Dylan's national tour of college campuses will stop by UA on Nov. 2, We're preparing for a visit by VP Joe Biden, who will speak at a rally in the Student Union around 4 p.m. How his visit will affect motorists: http://bit.ly/c4bSrF, Don't forget: The UA soccer tournament is this weekend, with your No. 1-ranked men's soccer team playing Friday night and Sunday afternoon., How about some Latin Salsa for lunch on Sept. 15? Stop by the EJ Plaza between 11:30 a.m. and 1 p.m. to hear Son Del Caribe. It's free!, UA said thanks to its 29,200 students with games, music and food on Sept. 8., We're getting ready to say thanks to students for choosing UA with games, music and food across campus on Wednesday., Congrats to Chris Hamad, owner of Rockne's Merriman Rd. restaurant, who earned a degree from UA to set an example for his kids., Men's soccer team wins its second match against a top-ten ACC team, with 2-0 win at Wake Forest., Go Zips! No. 1-ranked men's soccer team shuts out No. 4 North Carolina in opener, 3-0  http://bit.ly/aMkICg, Got your tix yet for the football home opener vs. Syracuse? Kickoff is 6 p.m. Saturday. Come early for ZipsFest north of the stadium. Everything you need to know is here: http://bit.ly/czLCOV, Every weekend, the Student Union holds a movie night for students. See what's playing this weekend..., Many UA groups are using social media to connect. See if your group is out there: http://www.uakron.edu/im/resources/social-media.dot, Reason to cheer: Lots of chances to see the Akron athletics on TV this fall., Need a mid-week break? The top-ranked men's soccer team will hold an exhibition versus VCU Wednesday night at 7:30 at the much improved Lee Jackson Field., Allow your mind to explore all sorts of psychological artifacts when UA's Center for the History of Psychology -- a national museum -- opens on Monday., Did you know that UA has more than 200 student organizations? One of them, Zips Racing, will build a mini Formula One car and race it in Europe., Big day here on Friday...  We'll have convocation for first-year students in the afternoon, then at 7:30 p.m., we'll open the much-improved Lee Jackson soccer field for a women's match vs. Illinois State. See all our Week of Welcome activities at http://www.uakron.edu/week-of-welcome/, We have thrown open the doors of our newest residence hall: Spicer Hall. It's one of many campus improvements opening this week, and that includes (motorists rejoice!) the new South Campus Parking Deck., What advice do you have for incoming freshmen? We asked three longtime faculty members the same question. See their advice..., The men's soccer team is ranked No. 1 in a preseason poll by College Soccer News. See the Zips in action starting Aug. 25 at the much-improved Lee Jackson Field. Great video below..., Big numbers: We're preparing to confer our 150,000th degree during two Commencement ceremonies on Saturday, Aug. 14. It will be our 200th Commencement exercises, coming in the middle of our 140th year., Congrats to UA's David Ridder, named "Best Warrior Noncommissioned Officer of the Year" by the U.S. Army Reserve: http://www.ohio.com/news/99740169.html, Great NYTimes column on apps we wish we had - http://nyti.ms/aWAtW6.  What apps would make life at UA easier or better? Tell us by adding a comment., See our retrospective on Memorial Hall: Who performed there, who spoke there, etc. Lots of great photos from over the years as well. The building will come down this month, making way for a new College of Education. http://bit.ly/cpMhAS, Sod is now in place on renovated soccer field. New lights and seating are coming next. All will be ready for matches in August. http://bit.ly/9wRGsx, Play ball! Join the UA Alumni Association at Canal Park to see the Aeros take on the Erie Seawolves at at 7 on Friday, July 16. Fireworks to follow. Tix are $7 per person, which includes a hot dog and drink coupon. Come cheer with us! Call 330-972-7270 to purchase tickets or for further information. More at http://bit.ly/9ae8V3, End of an era: Wonderful aroma of baking bread on campus going away as Wonder Bread factory closes next week -- http://bit.ly/9kXkaq, English professor and author David Giffels writes in the Wall Street Journal about LeBron James, Akron and the identity of place. Good stuff! -- http://bit.ly/9mLmCd, UA garage sale this Friday and Saturday @ Quaker Square... antiques, furniture, vehicles and other goodies..., Will he stay or will he go? LeBron Appreciation Day set for UA's InfoCision Stadium on June 19.  http://www.lebronday.com/, Caleb Porter, UA men's soccer coach, tells an Akron audience, "We will be back. This was not a lightning-in-a-bottle season..."  http://bit.ly/cIs9Vm, Akron researchers discover the 'sticking power' of spider web glue, a finding that will improve adhesives -- http://bit.ly/b0wGf5, UA fondly remembers its 11th president, Dr. Dominic Guzzetta... http://bit.ly/atrSpJ, What are your memories of Memorial Hall? UA is preparing to bring down the site of many big events ...  http://bit.ly/autGwJ, Moving up: UA grad Michael Morell is promoted to the No. 2 slot at the CIA. He applied to the CIA while a senior at UA, and he has been there ever since., UA will confer degrees to a record number of students this weekend. We celebrate the graduates on this page: http://bit.ly/aeUT9b  Congratulations to all!, The forecast is fabulous for SpringFest tomorrow... music, food, friends and fun... from 3 to 10 p.m. at UA's Coleman Common (near the Student Union). See details at http://bit.ly/djYNS. Don't forget your Zip Cards!, Don't miss it: NPR's David Sedaris (and one-time Macy's elf) will stop by the university on Wednesday -- http://bit.ly/cKmQHE, Polymers and more: UA will help lead Ohio's research and commercialization in advanced materials -- http://bit.ly/ct6YhD, What to do this weekend? Visit UA, where the track and softball teams will play, 'The Diviners' will be staged, hip-hop artist Common will speak and Jazzfest starts! See http://www.uaevents.com/ and http://www.gozips.com., Our Steel Drum Band marks its 30th anniv with a concert Saturday at E.J. Thomas Hall. Listen to an expert from Trinidad tune the 'pans' -- http://bit.ly/9VGPqz  (Thanks to WKSU for the excellent story.), Celebrate the end of the semester April 30 at SpringFest near the Student Union. Red Wanting Blue and Winslow will play. See all that's planned at http://bit.ly/d2NAeJ. More to come!, Turn your work experience into college credit at UA: http://bit.ly/ac2ISX It can shorten your time to a degree!, The "irreverent puppet show" Avenue Q comes to E.J. Thomas Hall on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday this week. A preview: http://www.ohio.com/entertainment/89861857.html, Have you ever slept in a silo? UA's Quaker Square named one of the 
U.S.'s most unusual hotels --
http://www.uakron.edu/im/online-newsroom/news_details.dot?newsId=1006582, Did you know... Akron's women's tennis team is the only undefeated Division I team in the nation?  -- http://bit.ly/9d7gGw, A UA archaeologist hurrying to find more Assyrian city relics before a hydroelectric dam floods the area. http://bit.ly/bQcMTp, A UA business professor
 describes how businesses can build trust, then profits --  http://bit.ly/adZ1RI, Judith Leffler—a wife, mother of four, full-time employee and full-time 
UA student—has been named the national Adult Learner of the Year by the 
American Council on Education. Congratulations!, Energy industry giant BP has donated $500,000 to our College of Engineering to support continued development  of our 
new Corrosion and Reliability Engineering program.  It'll be the nation’s first baccalaureate  program of its kind, and it will help companies solve a problem (corrosion) that costs billions annually., We are pleased to introduce our next provost, Dr. William (Mike) Sherman from Ohio State. Welcome! -- http://bit.ly/aDOIXY, Led by MAC coach of the year Jodi Kest, Univ of Akron women's b-ball begins quest for MAC title tonight at 6 @ the Q -- http://bit.ly/cwIV8T.  Men play Thursday @ 2. Go Zips!, BIG game tonight vs. Kent State for the MAC title. All tickets are sold, but catch it at 8 p.m. on ESPN2 or 1350AM.  Let's hear it for the Zips!  http://bit.ly/didvse, Opportunity awaits: We will be offering $30K teaching fellowships in science and tech fields -- http://bit.ly/cc3c1L, Football team will play three BCS teams in 2010, opening with Syracuse at InfoCision Stadium on Sept. 4. Games at Kentucky and at Indiana follow. http://bit.ly/a9RGnT, Cheers! UA grad's brewery named one of the 25 best in the world -- http://bit.ly/9GdhUe, Frame it: Thru a camera lens, a Univ of Akron art professor depicts Ohio now and then in an Akron Art Museum exhibit -- http://bit.ly/deKoc3, Who knew? A current Zips linebacker was a member of Slovakia's bobsled team at the 2006 games:  http://bit.ly/d3fUq8, UA named an Ohio Center of Excellence in biomedicine and health care: http://bit.ly/coFmiY, It's everywhere: Women's softball games in Alabama postponed because of... you got it... snow! http://bit.ly/d4gUW2, Ahhh yes, so that's what campus looks like without snow... Here's video 
from Student Appreciation Day last fall: 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Do5l_10PFOE, Update: UA now closed Tue evening; no decision yet about Wed.  More at .http://bit.ly/cQeEYu  Stay warm!  , Because of the snow, the Akron campus, Wayne College and Medina are closed Saturday. Updates at http://bit.ly/cQeEYu, Pssst! Here's a sneak peek at UA's regional Super Bowl ad -- http://bit.ly/adbMkH, UA students: Only six days to the Mardi Gras Dance Party at E.J.'s Stage Door. Beads! Feathers! Music!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c2WSWsplQLE, By studying feathers, UA researchers reveal the true colors of a dinosaur, opening the door to questions about the role of color in the lives of 
dinosaurs and their descendants. -- http://bit.ly/belYb3, Over the next 12 days, UA will examine race relations as part of its "Rethinking Race" series of events. It all starts tonight with a lecture by author Michael Eric Dyson at Thomas Hall. Details at http://bit.ly/aOqVmz., The Auburn Science and Engineering Library is closed today (2-1-10) because of a water line break. Updates at http://bit.ly/bcweb4., Congrats to the upstart women's b-ball team, which improved to 12-9 (6-2 in MAC) with win today @ EMU. Men's team (14-6) plays Toledo tonite @ 7 in the JAR. Get there!, Are you in good shape for Valentine's Day? Get tips from the Dating Doctor next Wed at EJ Thomas Hall -- http://bit.ly/8EZQr0, Between now and 2 p.m., visit IceFest at the Student Union plaza. See student ice carvers compete against one another. http://bit.ly/70GnsA, Congrats to Teal Bunbury, named the national collegiate soccer player of the year: http://bit.ly/5YljV2, About 500 musicians expected for 30th anniv of TubaChristmas on Saturday. Admission is free for you, but players pay $5. http://bit.ly/7NqaHP, Zippy is the star of UA's holiday card this year: http://bit.ly/6JLXF9  Share it with friends!, Akron knocks off UNC 5-4 in penalty kicks to advance to national championship! UA will face Virginia, Sunday, Dec. 13 at 1 p.m. More at http://www.gozips.com., Veteran will wear her Purple Heart on her Commencement robe Saturday. Career plans: to help returning Veterans -- http://bit.ly/5vT9Ig, How will you follow tonight's big match? Follow www.twitter.com/GoZipsUpdates for soccer updates via text starting tonight @ 7:30 p.m. The match also will be on ESPNU and 1350AM. Official watch party at Barley House. Go Zips!, Meet UA's new head football coach Rob Ianello -- http://bit.ly/5FNg9d, Final Four: Soccer team tops Tulsa, 1-0 and advances to the College Cup next weekend -- http://bit.ly/7Nlj8p, Stay well: Free, on-campus H1N1 clinic in Rec Center 245 on Dec. 1, 1-4 p.m. for those in Tier 1 risk categories -- http://bit.ly/8VeMd7, Still rolling: With 2-0 win over Stanford, men's soccer advances to the Elite Eight. Next up: Tulsa next Sunday. -- http://bit.ly/8xTXjx, No. 1 ranked men's soccer team tops S Florida 2-0 to advance to Sweet 16. Next match 11/29 at home. http://bit.ly/7VsQyv, Students remake Main Street with their art: http://bit.ly/5XjutG, Action! UA grad enjoys her part as Shirley on NBC's college comedy "Community" -- http://bit.ly/1FbHl, Warren Buffett's advice to UA students: Find a career that brings out your passion. http://bit.ly/4yTMrX, MSNBC.com writes about UA prof's research into the use of spider silk as artificial muscle -- http://bit.ly/4ACWIx, Congrats to the men's soccer team for finishing a perfect regular season: http://bit.ly/4n4n7J. And the football team tops Kent: http://bit.ly/282XVO, Calling all outliers: 'Tipping Point' author Malcolm Gladwell to speak at UA's E.J. Thomas Hall on Wednesday: http://bit.ly/AG4fF, We're No. 1! Akron is America's most affordable college town -- http://bit.ly/sHKnY, Video: UA & Kent to play for the Wagon Wheel Saturday. What it means to UA players -- http://bit.ly/2CKS4x, Univ of Akron men's soccer, 15-0-0 and ranked No. 1 in nation, to play next 3 at home, starting Wed vs. Penn State -- http://bit.ly/2YOpGW, Get ready pumpkin carvers: Expert tips from UA chef Richard Alford -- http://bit.ly/E6LSX (Send us photos of your best: pix@uakron.edu), Students & alumni: Prepare for the 10/22 Career Fair by attending a career-fair seminar on 11/19 or 11/20.  -- http://bit.ly/isZt5, Still perfect: No. 1-ranked men's soccer team at Univ of Akron wins in Chicago -- http://bit.ly/zQJHx http://bit.ly/zQJHx, It's Homecoming Week -- the festivities include concerts, special events, a parade, the dance, ZipsFest and, of course, the big game vs. Ohio on Saturday. http://www.uakron.edu/homecoming/, Congrats to the No. 1-ranked UA men's soccer team, winners over Ohio State 3-0 last night in front of a boisterous, full house at Lee Jackson Field. More: http://www.gozips.com/ViewArticle.dbml?DB_OEM_ID=10800&ATCLID=204805053, At Univ of Akron summit on Friday, learn how your business can sell in China -- http://bit.ly/L9raO, At UA's E.J. Thomas Hall on Saturday: The Paul Taylor Dance Co. http://bit.ly/2q5sTd. Just announced: Steely Dan on Nov. 16-17: http://bit.ly/RwdWM, Early reviews favorable for InfoCision Stadium-Summa Field: http://bit.ly/XMRxc. See game, ticket & parking info @ http://bit.ly/FOavP, UA welcomes students with a week of events., null, null, 'Broadway in Akron' series announced for 2009-10, Summer in the city: A great time to take classes, UA to host Track and Field Championships May 14-16)