List(Every year, STVM offers its students opportunities to travel abroad.  Here are some highlights of our foreign language departments taking students to Costa Rica and France., And..Congratulations to St. Vincent-St. Mary Fighting Irish dancer, Abby Volk who placed 39th in the WORLD at the 2016 World Irish Dance Championships in Glasgow, Scotland !, The results from the 2016 World Irish Dance Championships in Glasgow, Scotland have St. Vincent-St. Mary Irish Dancer, Mackenna Hornyak in 23rd place in the WORLD! Mackenna and team mate Abby Volk, who will be competing tomorrow, earned a place at Worlds and traveled to Scotland for the week-long event.
The Championships are considered the Olympics of Irish dancing. Over 5,000 dancers  from more than 20 countries worldwide, including Ireland, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, South Africa, Argentina, Brazil, Japan, Australia, Canada and the United States compete as soloists and as teams.
Less than 1 percent of all Irish dancers ever qualify to attend this most prestigious Irish dance event.
Abby and Mackenna are both juniors and part of our Fighting Irish dance team.  They train and compete with The Academy.
https://www.clrg.ie/championships/world-championships.html, Stations of the Cross and Easter Break

Today our Peer Ministers put on a "Living Stations of the Cross" for the student body, faculty, and staff. There were 31 members of Peer Ministry who performed the Stations while the Liturgical Choir sang, “Behold the Wood” and “Were you There?” Jesus was portrayed by senior, Dominic Davis and Mary was played by senior, Jackie Cunningham. There was a 15th Station  added in which Jesus actually rose from a tomb.

STVM would like to wish everyone a happy and safe Easter Break.  Please see the link for building hours and break info: http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1334&section=parentinfo, Two STVM Students Head Back to Math State
Congratulations to Michael Rodgers and Cen Wang who  qualified for the Ohio Council of Teachers of Mathematics Contest, called the OCTM State Tournament, the last Saturday in February. The tournament is sponsored by the Ohio Council of Teachers of Mathematics for the purpose of promoting student interest in mathematics and to recognize outstanding students and high school mathematics programs in the state with monetary and achievement awards. 

They now move to to State Competition. Congratulations to advisor, Ms. Debbie Patonai and her students.  What a great accomplishment., STVM Students Excel at District Science Day
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1330&section=parentinfo, It's game time in Columbus! Go Irish!, THE IRISH ADVANCE TO THE OHSAA STATE FINAL ON ST. PATRICK'S DAY!
Call it the luck of the Irish or excellent shooting and defense.
The St. Vincent-St. Mary High School Boys Basketball Team defeated Cincinnati Aiken and will advance to the OHSAA DII State Final on Saturday, March 19 at 2:00pm at the Schottenstein Center in Columbus, OH. 

Here is a recap from yesterday's win:
http://www.ohio.com/sports/boys-basketball-st-v-m-85-cincinnati-aiken-68-henry-baddley-jayvon-graves-guide-irish-to-division-ii-state-semifinal-win-1.669957



Our boys will take on John Glenn HS, who beat us previously in the regular season.  STVM is 26-3 and John Glenn is 27-1.  Saturday's victory could create history for STVM.  STVM has captured 6 State Titles in Boys Basketball.  7 State titles is the record in the State of Ohio, currently held by Middletown. Winning the State Title on Saturday would tie Middletown for most state titles in Ohio history. Here is more from Tim Rodgers on our storied Athletic Tradition: http://www.ohio.com/sports/high-school/other/high-school-basketball-st-vincent-st-mary-seeks-to-tie-state-record-with-seventh-state-title-1.669971

Good luck to Head Coach Dru Joyce and our boys! Bring home that hardware back where it belongs!, Parade time! Fighting Irish Marching Band and Irish Dancers at Cleveland St. Patrick's Day Parade!, From all of us here at St. Vincent-St. Mary High School, Happy St. Patrick's Day to all of our fellow Irish. Whether your celebrating today in Akron, Columbus, Cleveland, or beyond- we sure are proud to be Irish! Wear your green and gold proud today!, AND THEY ARE OFF!

Good luck to our Boys Basketball Team who leaves tonight for Columbus! They will take on Cincinnati Aiken High School, tomorrow, March 17th at 5:15pm at the Schottenstein Center in Columbus.

Can't make the game?  Listen live here through the OHSAA website: http://www.ohsaa.org/sports/bk/boys/2016/2016BBKcoverage.htm, Henry Baddley receives accolades:

Great article on Senior Basketball Player from Today's Akron Beacon Journal:
http://www.ohio.com/sports/high-school/other/boys-basketball-henry-baddley-emerges-as-senior-leader-for-state-bound-st-v-m-1.669427?localLinksEnabled=false&utm_source=twitterfeed&utm_medium=twitter#

Henry Baddley honored with All-Ohio Player of the Year and 1st Team All-Ohio (Division II) and Jayvon Graves makes 2nd Team (Division II): http://www.daytondailynews.com/news/sports/d-ii-all-ohio-boys-basketball/nqmFm/, PURCHASE YOUR SPECIAL EDITION 2016 BOYS BASKETBALL STATE TOURNAMENT T-SHIRTS TOMORROW, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 16 IN THE BOOKSTORE.  THE WILL BE DELIVERED SOMETIME IN THE MORNING. 

ALL SHIRTS ARE $10.00, STVM Model U.N. Team Places First in Conference Sponsored by Cleveland Council on World Affairs

Congratulations to the St. Vincent-St. Mary Model United Nations team for winning first place in Spring conference sponsored by the Cleveland Council on World Affairs at Notre Dame college! 

This is the second straight year that St. Vincent-St. Mary High School will be honored downtown for having the best Model UN Team in the Greater Northeast Ohio Area. Winning both the Winter and Spring conference this year. 

Congratulations!, Fighting Irish Boys Basketball Advances to the State Final Four for Third Time in Four Years

St. Vincent-St. Mary High School Boys Basketball Team defeated Benedictine 53-40 on Saturday afternoon to advance to the OHSAA Division II State Semi Final.  They will compete this Thursday, March 17th at 5:15pm in Columbus at The Schottenstein. They will take on Cincinnati Aiken. May the Luck of the Irish be with us as they play on St. Patrick's Day!

Game Info:
Bracket Info: http://brackets.myohsaa.org/regionalbracket.aspx?t=6379&ts=15104&not=4
State Tournament Info: http://www.ohsaa.org/sports/bk/boys/2016/2016BBKBrackets.htm
Pre-Sale Tickets: Pre-Sale Tickets will be sold Monday-Wednesday 9AM-4PM in the Athletic Office. Boys Basketball and Cheer parents do have priority on where to sit.  We have pulled tickets in a specific section for them.  Tickets are reserved seating.  We have tickets in the 100 level, the 200 level and the 300 level. All tickets are $10.00.  Cash and check only accepted. 
Tickets may also be bought at the door. 
STUDENTS COME AND GET YOUR TICKETS NOW!
** A victory on Thursday, we WILL NOT SELL pre sale tickets at school on Friday. All tickets for Saturday will be handled via the Schott. On Thursday, you may go to the box office and pay for your same exact seat for Saturday. 
Lodging/Hotel Info: The Athletic Booster Club has reserved 50 rooms at the Holiday Inn Worthington.  Make sure to mention the St. Vincent-St. Mary Room Block. Phone Number: (614) 436-0700., Great day for the Irish! Congratulations to our Fighting Irish Marching Band and Irish Dancers for being awarded Overall Grand Champions in today's Akron St. Patrick's parade., STVM Boys Basketball defeats Benedictine 53-40 and advances to the State Semi Final on Thursday. Congratulations to Coach Dru and the entire team! Your Irish are 2016 OHSAA Regional Champions! 

More game info and ticket info will be published on Monday., Don't miss our Fighting Irish Marching Band and our Irish Dancers today at the Akron St. Patrick's Day Parade!, null, On Tuesdays in our senior English classes the students lead the classroom in discussions of their own choosing.  Seniors Claire Patton and Mary Morber chose the topics of beauty and loving.  They decided to choose random staff and students tell them that they are beautiful.  This is the video they created and showed in their classrooms.  

What a BEAUTIFUL collection of people.  Thank you to Claire and Mary. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tQwudaN_MHg, Spring is around the corner so why not get a jump on things by attending our STVM 2016 Spring Choir Concert this Sunday, March 13th at 6pm in the STVM theater. Hope to see you there!, Our St. Vincent-St. Mary NASA Student Launch team has been busy not only working on their rocket design but they have been out in the community as well.  In the past weeks the team has conducted community outreach at many of our local Catholic grade schools.  While there our students taught their elementary peers about rocketry allowing them to build and launch their own rockets.  
The team has also been visiting local corporations to share their project and solicit sponsorship.  Most recently the team was at Bridgestone where they presented their project and participated in a Q&A dialogue with Bridgestone engineers.  The team is thankful to include Bridgestone as one of their corporate sponsors 
http://www.nasa.gov/audience/forstudents/studentlaunch/home/index.html, The Leprechaun Theatre Guild Presents: The Sound of Music
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1323&section=parentinfo, St. Vincent-St. Mary “diplomats” brought home top awards at the 2016 CCWA Model United conference.

The STVM  Model United Nations team sent 12 delegates making 7 delegations. 
The team consisted of Robert Mathern ( Chairing for CCWA),  Vince Glidden, Alice Mason, Alex Olivero, Mike Chruma, Mikey Dianetti, Ryan Thrune,  Alex Albanese, Caroline Pier, Cydnee Livingston, Thales Zhang, Fiona Gaffney and Olivia Janolo.
The team came out on top with:
Mikey Dianetti winning the Superior Delegation award
Olivia Janolo winning the Superior Delegation award
Fiona Gaffney winning the Excellent Delegation award
Cydnee Livingston winning the Excellent Delegation award
Alice Mason winning the Excellent Delegation award
Mike Chmura winning the Excellent Delegation award
Caroline Pier winning the Honorable Mention Delegation award

Vince Glidden winning Best Position paper
Alex Olivero winning Best Position paper
Olivia Janolo winning Best Position paper
Mikey Dianetti winning Best Position paper

The Cleveland Council on World Affairs will announce Team placement awards on Tuesday March 8th.

Next Stop Ohio State Model United Nations Conference April 16 & 17., Congratulations to our St. Vincent-St. Mary Symphonic band on receiving the highest rating (All 1's!)  and qualifying for the OMEA State Adjudicated Event. This means our band is headed to STATES! Go Irish musicians!, Today the STVM Boys Basketball Team won the 2016 DII OHSAA District Championship. They beat Coventry 85-52 and will move on to the Regional Tournament at the Canton Civic Center next week. This is our 17th District title in the last 20 years. 

Tonight's victory marks Coach Dru Joyce's 300th career victory in his 15 years as Head Coach at STVM. Congrats Coach Dru!, Today, St. Vincent-St. Mary will be represented by senior Elizabeth Paydo at the First Friday Club of Akron’s luncheon program themed “How God has Walked with Me Through High School.”

Elizabeth attended Sacred Heart School and is a member of Sacred Heart Catholic Church in Wadsworth.   She is a VERY active volunteer at STVM and at her parish working as a Salvation Army volunteer, vacation bible school volunteer, Peer Minister, and as an office helper to name a few.  Elizabeth is president of our International Thespian Society, a Varsity cheerleader, Cheer Captain, National Honor Society member, Mu Alpha Theta (math honorary) member and an ambassador level Girl Scout.  She has received the prestigious Girl Scout Gold Award.  Elizabeth will be continuing her studies next year at Ashland University where she will be studying business management with a minor in marketing. 

We are proud to have such a wonderful student as part of our Irish family.  Thank you, Elizabeth!, St. Vincent-St. Mary High School is thrilled to welcome the Class of 2020 and the newest members of the Irish Family. We can't wait to see you at registration tonight ! You are now  part of an active, engaged learning environment -- one that will stretch you, inspire you and prepare you for the rest of your life! We are ready to help you Be your Best;Be Irish!, Our Campus Minister, Chris Salvatore had the pleasure of accepting a gift from the St. Vincent DePaul Church Knights of Columbus Grand Knight, Brian Walsh.  The generous gift was made to help support our retreat programs.  A BIG Irish thank you to all the Knights of Council #14054!, STVM Academic Challenge Team Claims Regional Title
On Monday February 1, the Team competed at The Summit County Academic Challenge Tournament at Kent State University. The team went undefeated in our division (competing against Kent Roosevelt, Revere, Hudson, Cuyahoga Falls and Manchester High School). This qualified them to advance onto Regional Competition. We do not know yet what Regional location we will be assigned to for that competition, but it will take place on Saturday, April 16th with the chance of moving onto the Ohio Academic Challenge State Competition. 

On Saturday February 20, the Team competed at The Great Lakes Regional Academic Challenge Tournament at John Carroll University. The team went 7 and 1 for the day(playing against teams from Danbury High School, Wickliffe, Shaker Heights and James A. Garfield) qualifying them for a National Competition in Chicago, IL from June 11-13th. 

The Team consists of:
Jackson Odadzin (11)
Collin Derrig (11)
Joey Oliveti (10)
Michael Rodgers (10)
Mitchell Adamczyk (11)
Liam Squire (11)
Lauren Johenning (11) 
Danny Scheiman (11)
Fiona Gaffney (9)
Jacob Schaefer (9)
Thales Zhang (11), Great Athletic News: 

Cheer Advances to OASSA State Competition on Sunday, March 6, 2016
Cheer will compete in the 2016 OASSA State Competition in the Division II Mount Division. Competition is held at  St. Johns Arena on Ohio State's campus.  We will compete in the third session for the day and will be performing at 4:20pm.  Awards for our session are at 6:20pm.  
**Send off assembly planned for Wednesday, March 2 at 2:30pm

STVM Wrestlers Finish Third at District and Five Advance to State
STVM finished 3rd at District as a team and will send five qualifiers for State to Columbus, March 3rd-5th.
Luke Wymer (126 pounds) finished 1st and advances
Ben Knaus (170 pounds) finished 1st and advances
David Heath (160 pounds) finished 2nd and advances
Michael McIntire (152 pounds) finished 3rd and advances
Dominic Sciarretti (285 pounds) finished 4th and advances. 

The Irish will travel to Columbus on Thursday, March 3, 2016 and will compete Thursday- Saturday.  Session #1 will begin at 3:00pm at The Schottenstein Center on Thursday, March 3rd. 
Here is a link to the OHSAA tournament schedule for the weekend: http://www.ohsaa.org/sports/wr/boys/stsched.htm

Tickets:
Tickets are available at the Schottenstein Center the day of each match. $15 for all sessions on a day or $10 per session.  Tickets are be bought at the door or via TicketMaster.  Here is a link to more info on State tickets: http://www.ohsaa.org/FanGuide/tickets.htm#WR
STVM does not have any tickets available for pre-sale for Wrestling State Competition.  If this changes, we will let you know. 
**Send off assembly planned for Tuesday, March 1 at 2:45pm, Boys Basketball District Semi-Final Ticket Information

The Fighting Irish Boys Basketball team has advanced to the OHSAA District Semi Final Game at 7:00 PM on Wednesday, March 2 at the Canton Fieldhouse vs. Norton High School. Pre-sale tickets for this game are on sale in the STVM Athletic Office, Tuesday and Wednesday (March 1 & 2) from 8:30 AM to 4:00 PM both days. 

Pre-sale ticket prices are $6 for adults and $4 for students. All tickets at the gate are $6. Cash and check accepted. All STVM Staff and Students will need a ticket. 

Discounts and passes WILL NOT be accepted. Everyone needs a ticket, this is a playoff game., Please join us in sending Irish blessings to two of our St. Vincent-St. Mary Irish dancers who are traveling to Ballybofey, County Donegal, Ireland this weekend. Abby and Mackenna will compete at the Féile Rince Ursula Moore. And then at the end of March they will be headed to Glasgow, Scotland to compete at the World Irish Dancing Championships!  Go N-Eiri An T-Adh Leat (Good Luck) Ladies!, In January we received the exciting news that St. Vincent-St. Mary senior Hope Roberts was named the state champion in the Voice of Democracy Audio/Essay Contest entitled, “My Vision for America,” sponsored by the Veterans of Foreign Wars. Out of the 1,700 students in Ohio who entered, Hope earned first place at the VFW Mid-Winter Conference in Cincinnati and received an $8,000 scholarship, as well as an all-expense paid trip to Washington D.C. where she will compete in the National finals February 27-March 2, 2016.   Good luck Hope!

http://www.vfw.org/VOD/, Congratulations to senior Jacob Waller for earning a third place award from the Akron Optimist Club for his essay on "Leading by Example" in their annual contest. Jacob and his parents along with English teacher Beth Dolan will be attending a luncheon on March 15th where he will read his essay and accept his award. Good work, Jacob!, Our alumni keep up the Irish tradition of scholar athlete ! Congratulations to Kiley May VM14 on earning a spot on the 2015-16 GLIAC Women's Basketball All-Academic Excellence Team.  Keep up the great work Kiley! We are proud of you!

http://www.gliac.org/general_news/2015-16/Winter_All_Academic_Excellence_WBB, This morning the STVM Athletic Department presented two athletes awards for their very special accomplishments.
This season, our boys bowling team finished second in their conference. Individually, we have one bowler moving on to State Competition. Senior Bowler, Justin Hofacker is the Northeast Ohio District State Champion and a State Qualifier. He will bowl this Friday at 10:15am at Wayne Webb Lanes in Columbus. Justin was presented with a Shillelagh Award for going to State Competition. Good luck and congratulations to Justin Hofacker!

Secondly, a boys basketball player has accomplished a great feat. Henry Baddley, STVM Senior and Butler commit, joined the 1,000 point club when the Irish defeated St. Edward High School. Henry moves into great company, he is now is listed as #14 in scoring, along-side names like Ricky Johnson, Romeo Travis, Joe Burdon, Jerome Lane, Curtis Wilson and LeBron James. The Irish were victorious over Field High School, moving on to the OHSAA Sectional Final game this Friday, February 26 at 7:00pm at STVM. Congratulations Henry Baddley!, Congratulations to STVM Senior Bowler, Justin Hofacker who has advanced to the OHSAA Bowling State Competition.  He will bowl this Friday, February 26 at 10:15am at Wayne Webb Lanes in Columbus.  Our bowling team took second place in their conference. Congratulations to Justin!, http://www.omea-ohio.org/v3_ae/v3_ae/se.html


St. Vincent -St. Mary High School music students did an outstanding job at the Ohio Music Education Association District VI Solo and Ensemble Adjudicated Event on February 13th at Firestone High School.  

Receiving a Good rating  
Jessica Kiehnau (clarinet solo)

Receiving an Excellent rating were 
Grace Hart (Flute solo), 
Emma Lubes (Trombone solo),
Alice Mason (French Horn solo),
Skylar Nicholson (Piano solo),
Nina Wolf (French Horn solo),
Thales Zhang  (Trumpet solo),

Saxophone Quartet (Abigale Thorn, Bradford Fram, Paul Grutzmacher and Mitch Adamczyk)
Clarinet Choir (Maddie Angle, Laura Angle, Holly Adam, Rebecca Cabe, Eva Gaspar, Cassandra Gilkey, Connor Handley, Jessica Kiehnau, Claire Patton and Meredith Wammes.)


Receiving a Superior rating were 
Rebecca Cabe (Clarinet solo),
Ashley Cantor (Alto Saxophone solo),
Alexa Fryberger (Vocal solo)
Eva Gaspar (Clarinet solo),
Connor Handley (Clarinet solo),
Lucy Katcher (Flute solo),
Lucy Katcher (Vocal solo),
Alex Labut (Vocal solo),
Brynne Lathrop (Vocal solo),
Courtney Libby (Vocal solo),
Rachael Mion (Vocal solo),
Maria Morganti (Flute solo), 
Maria Morganti (Piccolo solo),
Sean O’Brien (Euphonium solo),
Austin Salter (Vocal solo),
Colin Scahill (Trumpet solo),
Hope Spinner (Vocal solo),
Steven Stamer (Oboe solo), 
Steven Stamer (Clarinet solo), 
Annie Unk (Vocal solo)


Flute Trio (Grace Hart, Maria Moranti and Clare Wagner)
Brass Choir (Thales Zhang, Colin Scahill, Michael Takacs, Nina Wolf, Mitch Morganti, Emma Lubes, Jacob Kulig, Sean O’Brien, Cadence Dangerfield and James Wang.), STVM to Compete in 16th Annual Miniature Bridge Building Competition- Feb. 26th

http://www.ohio.com/news/local/local-news-briefs-feb-18-1.662875, null, Congratulations to our Gymnastics Team, who qualified for the District Tournament as a team for the first time in school history!  

They will compete Saturday, February 27th at West Geauga High School.  Stay tuned to our website for more info. 

9th grader, Cecelia Walter, qualified individually for the beam. 

Way to go girls!, Every third Wednesday, STVM students volunteer at Haven of Rest.  Our Guidance Department leads this outreach opportunity. Here they are!, Registration Information for the 2016-2017 School Year

On Thursday, February 18, the Classes of 2017, 2018, and 2019 will register for classes for the 2016-2017 school year. Registration will be held in the Haag Student Center and the LRC from 5:00-7:00 PM. 

A packet of registration materials will be mailed to you by Friday, February 12. A description of all courses and a list of new electives can be found at www.stvm.com under the “Academics” tab. Complete all forms, attach a check for $250, and return the packet to us that evening. 

If you have no questions or if you are unable to attend, you can simply return the completed materials and check to Mrs. Barbara DeGrand in the attendance office or to Mrs. Marcia Korllos in room 350 by Friday, February 19, 2016. 

If you have questions, you may email Mrs. Korllos at mkorllos@stvm.com or call 330-253-9113 ext. 129., STVM is closed today, 2/16/16, due to weather. Today is a snow day. Please be safe., Thank you to all who supported the 14th Annual Irish Family Car Raffle!, STVM Local Science Fair Results

The STVM Science Fair was held Monday, February 8th in the Cosgrove Center from 4:00-7:00pm.  There were 40 students who participated in the fair this year. The following  28 students achieved a rating of Superior and are eligible to move on to Districts at The University of Akron, which will be held on Saturday, March 19th: Freshmen: Ava Beskitt, Max Chmura, Fiona Gaffney, Megan Hurley, Benjamen Rodgers, Cecelia Walter, Natalie Wammes and Nina Zraik; Sophomores: Rebecca Cabe, Michael Chmura, Nate Gorbach, Joe Graff, Grace Hart, Olivia Janolo, Emma Lubes, Caroline Pier, Andrew Schmitt, Shawn Tahajod and Meredith Wammes; Juniors: Caroline Baker, Joe Conti, Kevin Feezel, Meijin Li, Patrick McFarland, Alex Oliverio, Yang Wenyao and Abigail Volk; Senior: Bryan Borodkin. There were also top winners in three different categories.  First place winners received $60 in gift cards, 2nd place winners received $40 in gift cards and 3rd place winners received $20 in gift cards.

The winners are as follows: 
Biochemistry, Chemistry and Environmental - 1st -Joe Conti and Mike Chmura, 2nd- Abigail Volk, 3rd- Bryan Borodkin 
Physics and Engineering - 1st- Yang Wenyao, 2nd – Kevin Feezel 
Behavioral, Botany and Medicine - 1st- Alex Oliverio, 2nd- Megan Hurley, 3rd- Fiona Gaffney

The science department would like to thank everyone for making this event a success.  Thanks to all the students who participated and to all the parents who showed their support. After all the hard work these students put into their science inquiry projects it was wonderful for them to have a chance to showcase their work. We would also like to thank all of the judges who came out and volunteered their time and knowledge.  Without them the fair would not be possible.

Again, congratulations to all of those students moving on to Districts and making it one step closer to State Science Day down in Columbus.

In addition to the District Fair at The University of Akron, there are also two prestigious fairs that students from our school have been selected to attend.  The first is The Northeast Ohio Science and Engineering Fair held at Cleveland State University during the week of March 14th. Judging will take place on Tuesday, March 15th and an awards banquet will be held on Thursday, March 17th at Cleveland State. The following 10 students will be participating: Caroline Baker, Bryan Borodkin, Max Chmura, Joe Conti, Kevin Feezel, Meijin Li, Alex Oliverio, Caroline Pier, Abby Volk and Yang Wenyao. The second other fair is The Bridging Engineering, Science and Technology (BEST) Medicine engineering fair. To be held on Saturday, March 12th at the Inventors Hall of Fame STEM School.  The following students were selected to participate in this fair: Caroline Baker, Bryan Borodkin, Joe Conti, Kevin Feezel, Patrick McFarland, Alex Oliverio, Caroline Pier, Abby Volk and Yang Wenyao.  Congratulations to all and good luck in the upcoming competitions., Today, we gathered as a Faith community for Ash Wednesday. 

"Gracious God, today begins a period of inner reflection and examination. The days stretch before me and invite me inward to that silent, holy space that holds your Spirit. This special time beckons me to see my life through Christ's eyes and the truth and reality of your love incarnate. Give me the grace to enter the space of these days with anticipation of our meeting. And, when I open my soul to your presence, let your loving kindness flow over me and seep into the pockets of my heart. I ask this for the sake of your love.", Please join us at 10:00am for Mass as we begin our Lenten journey.

“Each year, Lent offers us a providential opportunity to deepen the meaning and value of our Christian lives, and it stimulates us to rediscover the mercy of God so that we, in turn, become more merciful toward our brothers and sisters. In the Lenten period, the Church makes it her duty to propose some specific tasks that accompany the faithful concretely in this process of interior renewal: these are prayer, fasting and almsgiving.”

- Pope Benedict XVI, A bet is a bet..... Thank you to Walsh Jesuit for holding up their end of the bargain!, Tuesday, February 9, 2016- Due to an unfortunate mechanical issue, our phones are temporarily out of service. We know this is an inconvenience and we apologize. During this time, the system is unable to receive inbound phone calls or place outbound calls.  Our staff will be fully available via email. 

We will post updates as we receive more information.

Thank you for your patience., STVM to Celebrate Ash Wednesday and the Coming of Lent
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1297&section=parentinfo, St. Vincent-St. Mary High School Local Science Day Set for Monday, February 8th
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1286&section=parentinfo, Congratulations to our Wrestlers, who won the OHSAA State Dual Regional Finals and move on to the State Duals in Columbus at St. John's Arena on Sunday, February 14, 2016., Attention STVM Community!
STVM is closing in on Coach Dan Boarman's Retirement Party- we are looking forward to an evening honoring Dan and his time here at STVM.  Please RSVP now at the link below, we look forward to having you!  RSVP's are encouraged and appreciated!

RSVP here: http://events.r20.constantcontact.com/register/event?llr=f88o5jwab&oeidk=a07ec6buzidd3f32b2f, null, Eight St. Vincent-St. Mary High School Athletes Commit on National Signing Day

Akron, OH- On Wednesday, February 3, 2016, eight St. Vincent-St. Mary High School athletes committed to colleges during the regular signing period for Football and Boys and Girls Soccer.  

1. Kobi Bryant is a four year varsity letterman on the girls’ soccer team. Kobi’s junior and senior year she was the second most leading scorer on the team.  Her senior year, she was voted to the Senior All-Star Team, the All-District Team, and voted Most Valuable Player on her team this past season. In the words of her coach, Jud Hartman, “Kobi is a player the can do it all. She has incredible foot skills and awareness on the field. She can dribble by a defender or make the killer pass. She can finish in the attacking third as well as defend all over the field. She is the first to arrive at practice and the last to leave, Kobi has a tremendous work ethic and presence. She will definitely be missed here at St. Vincent-St. Mary, and is destined for success at the next level.” Kobi is signing her letter of intent Urbana College. 

2.  Zach Corrigall is a senior offensive lineman and a two year varsity letter winner on the STVM Football team. In 2015, Corrigall was selected for All-Ohio Second Team and made the All-District Team.  Zach was also a team captain. In his four years with STVM Football, Corrigall has been a part of the 2013 OHSAA Division III State Championship teams, 2014 OHSAA State Semi-Finalist Team and the 2015 Regional Semi Finalist Team. Today, Zach is signing his letter of intent to Kent State University.

3. Danny Helmick is a two year varsity letterman on the Varsity Football team.  In his four years with STVM Football, Danny has been a part of the 2013 OHSAA Division III State Championship teams, 2014 OHSAA State Semi-Finalist Team and the 2015 Regional Semi Finalist Team. Danny started at full-back for the Irish in 2015, catching 2 TD passes this year, and blocking his way down field for the Irish. Danny was also pivotal in special teams.  Danny is signing to Walsh University. 

4. Kyle Kelly is a three year letterman and a two year varsity starter on the Varsity Football team and a two year varsity letterman on the Varsity baseball team.  In 2015, Kyle recorded 66 total tackles, 1 sack and defended 5 passes.  In his four years with STVM Football, Kyle has been a part of the 2013 OHSAA Division III State Championship teams, 2014 OHSAA State Semi-Finalist Team and the 2015 Regional Semi Finalist Team. In 2015, Kyle was a recipient of the Student-Athlete Scholarship through the Great American Rivalry Series.  Kyle is a member of National Honor Society, Peer Ministry, Mu Alpha Theta, and Chinese Club.  Kyle maintains a 4.30 GPA on the All AP/Honors track at STVM.  Kyle is signing his letter of intent to Baldwin Wallace. 

5. Niko Lalos is a senior linebacker and tight end and a two year varsity letter winner on the Varsity Football Team. In 2015, Lalos was selected as All-Ohio Special Mention and made the All-District Team.  In his 2015 campaign, Lalos recorded 39 solo tackles, 17 assists on a tackle, 1.5 sacks, 10 tackles for a loss, 67.5 total tackles, two interceptions and one fumble recovery.  On offense, Lalos caught 11 passes for 164 yards and 3 total touchdowns.  In his four years with STVM Football, Lalos has been a part of the 2012 and 2013 OHSAA Division III State Championship teams, 2014 OHSAA State Semi-Finalist Team and the 2015 Regional Semi Finalist Team. Today, Niko will sign his “Likely Letter” contingent upon acceptance to Dartmouth College, which is a Division I college currently competing as a member of the Ivy League.   

6. Marcus McAlister is a senior defensive end and a three year varsity letterman and two year varsity starter for the Varsity Football Team.  As a pivotal member of our defensive line, playing anchor, McAlister recorded 73 total tackles, 13.5 for a loss, 8.5 sacks and 12 quarterback hurries in his 2015 campaign.  In his four years with STVM Football, he has been a part of the 2012 and 2013 OHSAA Division III State Championship teams, 2014 OHSAA State Semi-Finalist Team and the 2015 Regional Semi Finalist Team. Marcus is signing his letter of intent to the University of Charleston. 

7. Dominic Sciarretti is a senior offensive lineman and a three year varsity letterman and starter for the Varsity Football team.  He has also been a member of the Wrestling Program for four years. Dom was pivotal playing center the last two years on our line. In his four years with STVM Football, he has been a part of the 2013 OHSAA Division III State Championship teams, 2014 OHSAA State Semi-Finalist Team and the 2015 Regional Semi Finalist Team.  Dom is signing his letter of intent to the University of Dayton. 

8. Markus Hurd is a senior running back and a four year varsity letter winner. In 2015, Hurd was selected for All-Ohio Third Team and made the All-District Team.  In his 2015 campaign, Hurd was STVM’s feature back, rushing 238 times for a total of 1,407 yards, which moves Hurd to 5th overall in STVM football history for season rushing yards.  In 2015, Hurd scored 19 total touchdowns, averaging 5.9 yards per carry and 108.2 yards total per game.  From 2014-2015, Hurd scored 25 total touchdowns and accumulated 1,719 total yards.  In his four years with STVM Football, Hurd has been a part of the 2012 and 2013 OHSAA Division III State Championship teams, 2014 OHSAA State Semi-Finalist Team and the 2015 Regional Semi Finalist Team. Today, Markus will be signing his letter of intent to The University of Dayton., null, HAPPY CATHOLIC SCHOOLS WEEK FROM STVM!
This week, marks a very special week for all Catholic Schools nation-wide.  This morning we gathered for an opening prayer service to jump-start Catholic Schools Week.  Each day of the week this week has a special theme and we are ready to celebrate. 

Happy Catholic School Week to all of our peers, either high school or grade school affiliates! 

Monday- Theme = Community
       We will be having a brief Catholic Schools Week kick off/prayer service during an extended homeroom period on this day.

Tuesday- Theme = Students
       This is our student appreciation day.  Students will be given a free spirit day and we ask that you do not assign homework for this evening.  (Try to avoid giving tests on this day if at all possible as well - thanks)

Wednesday- Theme = Nation
       During the lunch periods, we will be distributing free Rosaries to those who want one.  The Junior Retreat also starts this evening and will run through the day Thursday.

Thursday- Theme = Vocations
       Students will receive a prayer card with a "prayer before tests" during their 1st period classes.  Students need not take one if they do not want it.  Extras can be placed in my mailbox or kept by the teacher.

Friday- Theme = Faculty
       On this day all faculty and staff have a free dress down day.  We will have bagels and doughnuts in the lounge in the morning and dessert at lunch (provided by some of the Peer Ministers), Time is running out to get your tickets for the 2016 Irish Family Car Raffle! Just $5 per chance to win a 2016 Chevy Cruze. Call Alex Kirchner today at 330.253.9113 x169 for your tickets. Drawing to be held Tuesday, February 9th - Don't miss your chance to win!, Tonight, Wednesday, January 27th, our Wrestling Team hosts the OHSAA State Team Dual Tournament. 

Teams Competing Include:
STVM
Archbishop Hoban
Norton
Buchtel
Tallmadge

1st round begins at 5:00pm. STVM has a bye first round and will wrestle the winner of Buchtel and Hoban. 

Come down to The LeBron James Arena and watch the area's best wrestle!  GO IRISH!, Join STVM in celebrating the retirement of Coach Dan Boarman V70! 
Join us for a Toast and Roast on Saturday, February 13, here at STVM., Boys & Girls Pre-Sale Ticket Information for Basketball Games vs. Hoban
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1291&section=parentinfo, This winter, STVM students and their teacher, Mrs. Caitlin BRadley have participated on missions with the Akron Snow Angels.  The Akron Snow Angels is an organization that helps the homeless during the winter months, providing, toiletries, blankets, coats, warm clothing, etc. Missions last up to 5 hours, on Saturdays and Sundays. 

What a great cause for this time of the year. Here are some pictures from their past missions., Congrats to our 2015-2016 Athletic Hall of Fame Class who was inducted tonight at half time of our Varsity Boys Basketball game. 
The inductees are:
Chris Burdon VM88
Jim Hadley V59
Erica Hutson VM10
Mike Shaffer VM72
Ben Whitney VM00, STVM Students will travel today to Cleveland for 2016 Mass for Life.  The Diocese will be running a live feed.  Access that feed here: http://www.dioceseofcleveland.org/mass4lifecle/, null, null, ACT Prep Class To Be Offered at STVM
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1135&section=parentinfo, Join the Booster Club for "STVM Night at the Q":
Read more here on how to get your tickets: 

http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1289&section=parentinfo, Showcase 2016 is just 88 days away and we need YOUR help to make it a success! 
Join Us at STVM for a Showcase Planning Meeting Tonight, Tuesday, January 19 at 6:30 p.m. Reminder, any STVM parent who donates an auction item valued at $100 or more will be entered into a drawing to win a $2,500 STVM tuition voucher. Bring a friend - that has never been to a Showcase meeting - to tonight's meeting and you will be entered into a gift certificate drawing tonight!
Bring Your Friends. Bring Your Donations. Bring Your Ideas.
Looking for more information about Showcase? http://www.stvm.com/development/showcase.php, STVM vs. John Glenn 1/23 Boys Basketball Game Pre-Sale Ticket Policy

PRE-SALE TICKETS WILL ONLY SOLD TO THE STVM COMMUNITY. TICKETS ARE NOT OPEN TO THE PUBLIC. IF THERE ARE LEFT OVER TICKETS, THOSE WILL GO ON SALE LATER IN THE WEEK. PLEASE CALL FOR MORE INFO ON PUBLIC TICKETS. 

The STVM Boys Basketball Team hosts John Glenn High School on Saturday, January 23rd, 2016 - JV at 5:30 PM and Varsity at 7:00. That night we will also be having our Athletic Booster Club Hall of Fame Induction at half-time of the Varsity game. This is a highly anticipated game, it is anticipated to SELL OUT. John Glenn has already sold 600 tickets. 

NO TICKETS WILL BE SOLD AT THE DOOR ON SATURDAY. 

We will follow the below policy for all pre-sale tickets and are asking THAT ALL STUDENTS, SOCIETY MEMBERS (Shamrock and Legacy) and STAFF MEMBERS COME AND PICK UP THEIR TICKET PRIOR TO THE GAME. 

STVM students, faculty and society members do not have to purchase their tickets, we ask that they come to the athletic office and pick up their free student ticket and their free staff ticket (maximum of 2 free tickets). 

Tickets will go on sale Tuesday, January 19-Friday, January 22 for all STVM associated people from 9:00AM to 3:00PM. Adults are $6 and students are $4. Booster Club discounts do not apply for pre sale pricing. 

Once tickets are sold out, they are sold out. If you do not have a ticket prior to Saturday, you will not be able to attend the game., null, Help STVM Baseball & Softball Bring Home $50,000 in 50 Days!, ST. VINCENT-ST. MARY HIGH SCHOOL LOCAL SCIENCE DAY
SET FOR 02/08/2016
 
The Ohio Academy of Science and St. Vincent- St. Mary High school are announcing that the St. Vincent- St. Mary Local Science Fair will be held on Tuesday, February 8th, 2016. Participating students from all science courses and levels will be showcasing their Science Inquiry Project at the fair.  Judging of the projects will take place at the St. Vincent- St. Mary Cosgrove Center from 4:00-6:00pm. The projects may be viewed by the public from 3:15- 4:00pm and from 6:00- 7:00pm.  Project boards earning a superior rating will also be displayed in the LRC through Friday, February 12, 2016. The awards ceremony will be held at 6:30pm in the Cosgrove Center on the day of the fair.
 
Projects will be represented in one of the following categories: Biology, Chemistry, Earth Science and Physical Science.  All projects will be judged and awards will be rewarded to the top inquiry projects in each category.                                                                                                        
Superior rated students from St. Vincent- St. Mary’s local science fair will attend the 68th Western Reserve District 5 Science day at The University of Akron on Saturday, March 19, 2016, an event also sponsored by The Ohio Academy of Science.
 
Selected student projects will also be entered into the Intel Northeast Ohio Science and Engineering Fair to be held March 7-10, 2016 at Cleveland State University and the ABIA Best Medicine Fair Saturday, March 12, 2016 at the National Inventors’ Hall of Fame® School in Akron, Ohio.
 
If you have a background in science or engineering and are interested in judging at the local STVM fair please contact Brian Lawson at blawson@stvm.com., 15 STVM Athletes Honored at Touchdown Club Banquet of Champions, Go with STVM for better odds! http://www.stvm.com/development/donate_online.php, Good luck this week to all of our students taking final semester exams. 

Here is a link to the exam schedule: http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1273&section=parentinfo, Thank you to Dan Boarman V70 for the last 9 years of leadership and dedication to our school, community and football program. 

We wish you luck in your retirement and feel blessed to have had you. 

Visit the link for Dan's letter or access it here: http://stvmfootball.com/boarman_retirement.html, Three STVM Football Players Commit to Division I Colleges
Congratulations to our three Football Seniors who have recently committed to colleges of their choice:

Niko Lalos, linebacker and tight end: Dartmouth College (Ivy League)
Markus Hurd, running back: The University of Dayton 
Zach Corrigall, offensive lineman: Kent State University

** View their photos for more info on their choices, Need Money for College? Attend our Financial Aid Meeting January 21st!

Need money for college? A Financial Aid Information Meeting will be held in room 256 on Thursday, January 21 at 7:00 PM. A financial aid officer from the University of Akron will present information about the financial aid and scholarship process. This presentation is relevant for any student going to any college and will help families in filling out the FAFSA.

Hope to see you there!, Join us to cheer on the Fighting Irish as we host a Tri-Meet Wrestling Event and Senior Recognition
in the LeBron James Arena at STVM this Saturday, January 9, 2016
Your STVM Fighting Irish will wrestle Sandusky High School and Rootstown High School
Saturday is Senior Recognition Day! STVM Seniors Ben Knaus and Dominic Sciaretti will be recognized for their outstanding student-athletic achievements during their careers at STVM. We welcome STVM Wrestling Alumni, Wrestling Fans, and Friends to join us to cheer on all of our Fighting Irish Wrestlers!
Schedule of Events: 11:00 a.m. Weigh-In; 1:00 p.m. Rootstown vs Sandusky; 2:00 p.m. STVM vs Sandusky; 3:00 p.m. STVM vs Rootstown
This exciting event is the only home wrestling event this year at STVM!, Last night, our Boys Basketball Team pulled out an amazing overtime victory over Cleveland Central Catholic, 88-78. 

Our boys rallied back from an 18 point deficit in the 4th quarter to tie it up in regulation and send the game into overtime.  STVM Junior, Jayvon Graves led the Irish with 37 points, a career high.  Graves hit a running layup with 10 seconds to go in regulation, eventually sending the game into overtime. 

Our boys improve to 8-2. Here is more on this impressive victory: 
http://highschoolsports.cleveland.com/news/article/1542751983940961224/no-2-stvincent-st-mary-rallies-from-down-18-to-beat-no-7-ccc-in-ot-boys-basketball-action/, First Semester Exam Schedule: January 12-14
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1273&section=parentinfo, On December, 30, 2015 the 113th Charity Ball was held at E.J. Thomas Hall. Thirty-six young women accepted invitations to participate in the 65th presentation of debutantes. All proceeds from the Charity Ball benefited Akron Children’s Hospital. 

Of the 36 debutantes, 4 STVM alums were among the honored.  All graduates of the St. Vincent-St. Mary Class of 2015, Kacey Cousineau, Sophia Hamed-Ramos, AnnMarie Costigan and Alexis Schaeffer represented not only Akron but also the entire STVM community. 

Congratulations to Akron Children's Hospital and all the debutantes that were honored., GIVE TO THE GOLD!  Help STVM win the Gold Challenge over Walsh Jesuit by donating today. 
http://www.stvm.com/development/donate_online.php, null, Last night at half time of our Boys Varsity basketball game vs. Garfield Heights, which our boys were victorious, the STVM Athletic Department recognized our two Track and Field State Championships from last Spring. 

Last Spring, the Fighting Irish Track Program, led by Coach Dan Lancianese, brought home two State Championships from Columbus.  The GIrls 4x400 Meter Relay captured the State title by finishing in a time of  3 minutes and 55 seconds. The Team is represented by by Payton Pooler VM17, Eryca Garrett VM17, Foster VM18 and Imani Davis VM14 who is currently running for Cornell University.

Secondly, the Boys 4x800 relay team captured the State Title by finishing in a time of 7 minutes and 49 seconds. The team is represented by Brian Heller VM15, Bryce Patrick VM14, who is currently running for Walsh University, Nick Campbell VM14, who is currently running for the University of Akron and Joey Rossetti VM14, who is also currently running for the University of Akron and was named the MAC Conference Freshman of the Year .

A special thank you to Coach Lancianese and his athletes and coaches, especially Coach Jarin Bryant and Coach Bob Shell.  

Under Coach Lancianese, the track program has brought home 16 individual Track and Field State Championships and 3 Team State titles.  

Their banner will now wave in the LeBron James Arena, along with the other State Championships., Calling all CYO athletes! Join us TONIGHT for our Annual Boys CYO night!
Tonight is CYO night at our boys basketball game vs. Firestone. JV at 6:00pm and Varsity at 7:30pm.
** This is a time change.  JV will start at 6:00 and Varsity 7:30pm., "Ohhh Christimas Tree......Ohhhh Christmas Tree"

STVM is ready for Christmas.  Today we say goodbye to our students for break.  Here is a look at all the Trees of STVM., Today, we gather as a Faith community to celebrate Mass before we are off for Christmas Break.  We are so thankful for our community and blessed to call STVM home. 

Today, we also send off our Adopt-a-Family gifts to the deserving families our school helped out this Holiday Season.  Merry Christmas to all! 

STVM Holiday Building Hours:
Monday, December 21: Open 9am-3pm
Tuesday, December 22- Open 9am-3pm
Wednesday, December 23-Monday, December 28- Closed
Tuesday, December 29- Open 9am-3pm
Wednesday, December 30- Open 9am-3pm
Thursday, December 31-Monday, January 4- Closed
Tuesday, January 5- School Resumes, Today was Ugly Christmas Sweater Day at STVM, followed by our Annual Christmas Social, hosted by Student Council.  Musical chairs, face painting, live music, cookies, punch, karaoke, you name it, we got it!, Interested in Seeing the Cavs in NYC?  Email Ellen Zegarra at ezegarra@stvm.com to make these tickets yours!, On Saturday, December 19, 2015, and Sunday, December 20, 2015, St. Vincent-St. Mary High School, in conjunction with Akron General Hospital and The LeBron James Family Foundation will host the 2nd Annual LeBron James Classic. Basketball teams from all over the nation, as well as local teams, will travel to Akron to compete against nationally ranked opponents. STVM Boys and Girls Team both competing!

This two day event will showcase the area's best basketball. What better place to display that than inside The LeBron James Arena.

Teams competing include:
STVM
Brush
Garfield Heights
Shaker Heights
Brunswick
Buchtel 
Africentric HS
Pickerington Central (Columbus)
Akron Garfield
Canton McKinley
STVM (Girls)
Lexington Lafayette (Kentucky)
Holy Name (Girls)
Northland (Columbus)
Whitney Young (Illinois)
Ridgeway (Tennessee)
Kennedy Catholic (Pennsylvania)
East Tech
Lake

All spectator info, schedule of games, and general tournament info can be found on our tournament website: www.lebronjamesclassic.com, Where is our St. Vincent-St. Mary Fighting Irish Marching Band headed?  To their Christmas Cookie Sale, of course! Save yourself the work and relax this weekend.  Stop in the Jack and Ann Haag Student Center on 
Saturday, Dec. 12th from 9:00am-12:00pm to get your delicious Christmas Cookies., Today we welcome 11 shadows from the following schools:
St. Francis de Sales
Buchtel CLC
St. Augustine 
Miller South 
Jennings
St. Hilary 
St. Patrick 
Ohio Virtual Academy 
NorthWest Middle School 

We hope you all enjoy your day! Be your Best... Be Irish!
Interested in shadowing for a day here at STVM? Visit this link for more: http://www.stvm.com/admissions/shadowing.php, Today we welcome 2 shadows from the following schools:
Copley
St. Francis Xavier

We hope you all enjoy your day! Be your Best... Be Irish!
Interested in shadowing for a day here at STVM? Visit this link for more: http://www.stvm.com/admissions/shadowing.php, This morning, our seniors gathered for the annual Winter Senior Breakfast.  They decorated the senior tree with personalized ornaments and made Christmas cards.  

'Tis the Season!, Today we welcome 4 shadows from the following schools:
Sacred Heart
Highland Middle
Massillon Jr. High 
Redeemer Christian

We hope you all enjoy your day! Be your Best... Be Irish!
Interested in shadowing for a day here at STVM? Visit this link for more: http://www.stvm.com/admissions/shadowing.php, St. Vincent St. Mary “Diplomats” brought home top awards at the 2015 CCWA Model United conference.

The Model United Nations team competed in the Lorain County Community College Model United Nations Conference hosted by the Cleveland Council on World Affairs  December 2 & 3. There were over 350 high school students from all over Northeastern Ohio competing at this conference. The STVM  Model United Nations team sent 12 delegates making 7 delegations. 
The team consisted of Robert Mathern, Dominic Sciarretti, Vince Glidden, Alice Mason, Alex Olivero, Mike Chruma, Mikey Dianetti, Ryan Thrune,  Alex Albanese, Caroline Pier, Cydnee Livingston, Thales Zhang and Fiona Gaffney.

The team came out on top with:
Robert Mathern winning the Best Delegate Award
Vince Glidden & Caroline Pier winning the Superior Delegation Award
Alex Olivero & Fiona Gaffney winning the Superior Delegation  Award
Alice Mason & Alex Albanese winning Excellent Delegation Award
Mikey Dianetti & Cydnee Livingston with the Honorable Mention Delegation Award

The Cleveland Council on World Affairs will announce Team placement awards on Monday December 7th., Wishing You a Blessed Advent!

Advent, beginning Nov. 29 and ending the day before Christmas, is a period celebrated in preparation for the coming of Christ. Advent derives from the Latin verb "advenire," which means "to come to" or "to arrive." It marks the arrival of three things: the birth of Christ, the coming of Christ in Catholics' lives and his Second Coming. It spans the four Sundays before Christmas., Today we welcome 11 shadows from the following schools:
St. Sebastian
Holy Family 
Sacred Heart 
Hyre
St. Hilary 
St. Joseph 
Jennings 
Brown 
Woodridge 
Emmanuel Christian

We hope you all enjoy your day! Be your Best... Be Irish!
Interested in shadowing for a day here at STVM? Visit this link for more: http://www.stvm.com/admissions/shadowing.php, Calling all CYO athletes!  Join us this Winter for our Annual Boys and Girls Winter CYO nights!

This Saturday, December 5th is our first CYO night at our home girls basketball game vs. Mansfield Senior. JV at 1:00pm and Varsity at 2:30pm., Calling All Chicago Irish.... We look forward to seeing you this weekend!, Today, Spanish Club is selling Pulsera bracelets to our student body and faculty.  The Pulsera Project is a nonprofit organization that educates, empowers, and connects Nicaraguan artists with students in more than 1,000 U.S. schools through the sale of colorful handwoven bracelets, or "pulseras" in Spanish.
 
They brighten U.S. schools with art, film, and compelling cultural education while engaging students in international service that is effective, enriching, and fun.
 
The Pulsera Project has grown from a single Pennsylvania classroom to over 1,000 schools across 49 states, coloring hallways and classrooms with beautiful Nicaraguan art and awareness of social justice issues. 

Spanish Club is selling these works of art for $5 a piece.  For more on the project, click this link: http://www.pulseraproject.org/, Today we welcome 3 shadows from the following schools:
Coventry
Bolich 
Manchester

We hope you all enjoy your day! Be your Best... Be Irish!
Interested in shadowing for a day here at STVM? Visit this link for more: http://www.stvm.com/admissions/shadowing.php, STVM students are achieving greatness on and off the field #WithYourHelp! Please consider making a #GivingTuesday gift for the next generation of Fighting Irish!
http://www.stvm.com/development/donate_online.php, #WithYourHelp, STVM students are making a difference!  There is still time to donate for #GivingTuesday by visiting http://www.stvm.com/development/donate_online.php, null, Consider STVM as part of your #GivingTuesday.  GIVE NOW!, From our school to your home, Happy Thanksgiving! 

At STVM, we are eternally grateful for our students, teachers, employees, parents, alumni, fans, and friends.  Happy Thanksgiving to all!, In the spirit of giving, STVM teacher, Mrs. Bradley and sophomore students volunteered over the weekend with the Akron Snow Angels. The Snow Angels serve the Akron Homeless Community by providing warm clothing, food, and friendship.  Mrs. Bradley and our students will continue to volunteer throughout the winter months., null, null, Two STVM Girls Golfers Earn Awards
Two STVM girl golfers received awards from the Northeast Ohio Golf Coaches Association. 

All Northeast Ohio Awards, Division II:
Maura Knox, Soph:
- 2nd Team

Eva Finley, Sr.
- Honorable Mention
- Academic Achievement Award, Congratulations to STVM Senior, Robert Mathern for being selected for the 2015 United America Honor Delegation.

He is one of 13 students selected by All-American Model United Nations Team to attend the Yale Model Government Europe Conference. Over 700 students will participate in this year's conference from around the globe.
 
Robert will be competing November 25-November 30 in Budapest, Hungary. 

Congrats Robbie!, Today we welcome 14 shadows from the following schools:
IHM
Old Trail 
St. Hilary 
Middleburg Academy 
Revere Middle School 
St. Mary 
St. Anthony 
Emmanuel Christian

We hope you all enjoy your day! Be your Best... Be Irish!
Interested in shadowing for a day here at STVM? Visit this link for more: http://www.stvm.com/admissions/shadowing.php, Today we welcome 9 shadows from the following schools:
St. Hilary 
East CLC
St. Vincent 
Kimpton 
Innes

We hope you all enjoy your day! Be your Best... Be Irish!
Interested in shadowing for a day here at STVM? Visit this link for more: http://www.stvm.com/admissions/shadowing.php

Today we also welcome grade school students here to see our Leprechaun Theatre Guild's fall production of Malice in Wonderland! Welcome grade schools!, Catch a showing this weekend of our Leprechaun Theatre Guild's Fall Production of: Malice in Wonderland! 

http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1252&section=parentinfo, Today we welcome 6 shadows from the following schools:
Litchfield 
St. Joseph
St. Sebastian 
St. Anthony 
IHM 
CVCA

We hope you all enjoy your day! Be your Best... Be Irish!
Interested in shadowing for a day here at STVM? Visit this link for more: http://www.stvm.com/admissions/shadowing.php, Join us tonight at STVM for a Showcase 2016 Planning Meeting.  Be Part of the Planning - Be Part of the Fun!, STVM vs. Hoban Region 7 Championship Game Information

Friday, November 20th STVM Football will take on Archbishop Hoban at Infocision Stadium (University of Akron), at 7:30PM for the OHSAA Regional Final. STVM is 11-1 and Hoban is 11-1. This is the first time in the history of both schools that they meet in the playoffs. 

Tickets 
Pre-sale tickets will be available at STVM from Tuesday (11/17) to Friday 11/20 (9:00 AM-4:00 PM). PLEASE PURCHASE YOUR TICKETS EARLY. Both schools get a cut of the pre-sale tickets they sell - SUPPORT STVM! All pre-sale tickets are $8.00 No discounts or passes accepted. All STVM faculty and students need to purchase a ticket. All tickets sold at Infocision on game day will be $9.00. Ticket gates/stadium will open at 6:00pm. This is a very highly anticipated match-up. Large crowds are expected, please purchase your tickets early at STVM. Here is a link to University of Akron's tailgating and gameday policies: http://www.gozips.com/gameday/Tailgating 

Tailgating 
Attention spectators: Lot 9 will be open for tailgating. There will be a charge to park there. All other lots will be $5.00 to park. DO NOT PARK IN LOCAL BUSINESS PARKING LOTS, i.e Subway, BW3's, Taco Bell, etc- YOU WILL GET TOWED. 

Parking
Click here for more info:http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1262&section=studentlife

Students are not permitted to wave flags in the student section, banners, or use any noisemakers of any kind. This is an OHSAA sanctioned event. STVM is the visiting team and will be on the sideline opposite of the press box., Last week, our Chinese classes worked on Chinese Calligraphy.  Here is a sample of what they were working on., Today we welcome 7 shadows from the following schools:
Litchfield 
IHM 
Revere Middle School 
Bolich Middle School 
St. Augustine 

We hope you all enjoy your day! Be your Best... Be Irish!
Interested in shadowing for a day here at STVM? Visit this link for more: http://www.stvm.com/admissions/shadowing.php, Today we welcome 16 shadows from the following schools:
St. Augustine
St. Hilary 
IHM
Middlebury 
St. Patrick 
St. Sebastian 
St. Matthew 
St. Mary 
St. Paul 
Holy Family 
St. Joseph 

We hope you all enjoy your day! Be your Best... Be Irish!
Interested in shadowing for a day here at STVM? Visit this link for more: http://www.stvm.com/admissions/shadowing.php, The Fighting Irish Boys Basketball team travels to Chicago this December and our Alumni are planning a slam dunk of a post game social!  If you live in Chicago- this is a DO NOT miss!, Today, STVM honored FIVE senior athletes who have committed to colleges or universities of their choice to continue their athletic and academic careers.  Today marks the early signing period for sports like basketball, baseball, softball, etc. 

Below are the STVM athletes who signed this morning and a small bio on each athlete:

Henry Baddley is entering his fourth year on the Varsity Boys Basketball Team, led by Head Coach Dru Joyce.  Last season, the Irish went undefeated and at one point were ranked 3rd in the Nation.  Last season, Henry averaged 16.6 points per game, 5.6 rebounds per game, 2 assists, and 1.5 blocks.  Henry was a member of the 2013 and 2014 State Finalst Team that both years traveled to State. Last season, Henry made 2nd Team All-Ohio.  Henry is signing his National Letter of Intent for basketball to Butler University. 

Octavia Loll is entering her fourth year on the Varsity Girls Basketball Team, led by Head Coach Carley Whitney.  Last season, Octavia averaged 9.5 points per game,  6 rebounds per game, 2.5 assists, 1.5 steals and 1 block per game.  Octavia was a member of the 2014 Final Four Team that made it to State and last season she was a member of the 2015 All-Tri County Honorable Mention Team.  Octavia is signing her National Letter of Intent for basketball to the University of Charleston, in West Virginia. 

Jane Uecker is entering her fourth year on the Varsity Girls Basketball Team, led by Head Coach Carley Whitney.  Last season, Jane averaged 10 points per game, 7 rebounds, 1 assist, and 2 blocks per game. Jane was a member of the 2014 Final Four Team that made it to State.  Last year, Jane was a member of the 1st Team All Tri-County Team.   Jane is signing her National letter of Intent for basketball to Bowling Green State University.

Lexie Handley is entering her fourth year on the Varsity Softball Team, led by Head Coach Tony Ninni.  Last season, Lexie had a batting average of .405, struck out 228 batters, had an ERA of .8, hit 6 home runs and had 30 RBIs.  Lexie currently holds three school records,  record for most strikeouts in one game, which is 19, record for most strikeouts in a single season, which is 228 strikeouts in 2015, and also holds the school record for most career strikeouts, which is 575 total strikeouts.   Last season, Lexie was 1st Team All District, 1st team All State, she was a co-captain, and was named team Defensive MVP. Lexie was a member of the 2014 and 2015 Regional Finalist Teams.  Lexie is signing her National Letter of Intent to play Softball to The University of Akron. 

Ariel Linberger is entering her fourth year on the Varsity Softball Team, led by Head Coach Tony Ninni.  Last season, Ariel had a batting average of .504, set a school record of hitting 11 home runs, and set another school record of batting in 44 RBI’s.  Ariel made Honorable Mention All-Ohio, 1st Team All Plain Dealer, 1st Team All District, and was Team Offensive MVP. Ariel was a member of the 2014 and 2015 Regional Finalist Teams.  Ariel is signing her National Letter of intent for Softball to Youngstown State University., null, Today we welcome 18 shadows from the following schools:
St. Joseph
IHM 
St. Anthony 
St. Sebastian 
NIHF-STEM 
St. Hilary 
Woodridge 
St. Mary 
St. Barnabas 
St. Francis de Sales 
Coventry 
St. Paul

We hope you all enjoy your day! Be your Best... Be Irish!
Interested in shadowing for a day here at STVM? Visit this link for more: http://www.stvm.com/admissions/shadowing.php, Regional Semi-Final Football Game & Ticket Information

http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1260&section=parentinfo, At  St.Vincent-St.Mary High School, the Sophomore Ring Ceremony is a beautiful tradition that dates back to both St. Mary and St. Vincent High Schools and has been carried into the new era of St.Vincent-St.Mary. We hope that you and your family will support this tradition and be a part of the rich legacy of love and loyalty. 

At this ceremony, the class rings are blessed, the students who wear them are blessed, and challenged to live by the traditions and standards held high for many generations. In prayer, they are reminded of our Catholic Christian Heritage as they become a link in a chain that has lasted for over one hundred years. Their ring, symbolic of all the tradition from St. Mary, St. Vincent, and St.Vincent-St.Mary High Schools, is worn proudly. The wearing of the ring is a symbol of their commitment to all of the love, loyalty and traditions that have nurtured generations of “Fighting Irish.” 

This year, our ring ceremony will be held on December 8th as part of our all school mass. Following the mass service, those who have purchased rings will remain to hear their name called and receive their class ring. We hope that you are able to attend this beautiful and memorable ceremony. If you have any questions, please feel free to call Mr. Brian Lawson or Mr. Dave Dages (Sophomore Class Advisors). 

Tuesday, December 8th, 2015 
St. Vincent-St. Mary 
LeBron James Arena 
10:06 a.m. – 11:01 a.m., null, Today we welcome 8 shadows from the following schools:
St. Anthony
Miller South 
Brown Middle School
St. Augustine 
St. Francis de Sales 
Litchfield 
Chippewa

We hope you all enjoy your day! Be your Best... Be Irish!
Interested in shadowing for a day here at STVM? Visit this link for more: http://www.stvm.com/admissions/shadowing.php, This morning we sent off yet another troop of Cross Country runners to State.  This is the 8th consecutive year that our girls team has made a trip down to State.  In the last eight years, this is the 7th time we have sent a boys team to State.  What Coach L has created is a dynasty rooted in hard work and Faith in our Lord, Jesus Christ. We are so proud of our runners!

Congratulations and GOOD LUCK to our boys and girls heading down to Columbus today!  Girls will run at 11:45am and boys will run at 2:15pm tomorrow, Saturday, November 7th.  Both will race at National Trail Raceway. 

Address to National Trail Raceway: 
2650 National Road SW
Hebron, OH 43025, Today we welcome 24 shadows from the following schools:
St. Sebastian
IHM 
Miller South 
St. Paul 
St. Vincent 
St. Hilary 
St. Mary
Bolich 
Revere 
St. Matthew 
Green 
Holy Family 
St. Augustine

We hope you all enjoy your day! Be your Best... Be Irish!
Interested in shadowing for a day here at STVM? Visit this link for more: http://www.stvm.com/admissions/shadowing.php, Today we honored our students who received academic letters for their outstanding classroom performance. 

Criteria for a 1st year Academic Letter:
Accrue a total of 8 or more academic awards for classroom achievement at end of sophomore or junior year.
Maintain an overall GPA of 3.3 or above.
Remain a student “in good standing” on discipline and attendance.

Criteria for a 2nd year Academic Letter:
Accrue a total of 16 or more academic awards for classroom achievement.
Maintain an overall GPA of 3.3 or above.
Remain a student “in good standing” on discipline and attendance.

1st Year Letter Winners:
Sierra Azar, Bryan Borodkin, Kobi Bryant, Meaghan Devany, Vincent Diago, Rachel Iacofano, Riley Kmet, Ariel Linberger, Caitlin Sivec, Steven Stamer, Anne Walsh, Mitchell Adamczyk, Caroline Baker, Michaelea Barry, Cheyenne Dryer, Michaelea Giltner, Rachel Reese and Abigail Volk. 

2nd Year Letter Winners:
Lia Giffels and Elizabeth Paydo

National Merit Commended Scholars:
Sierra Azar, Meaghan Devany, Gonzalo Diago, Regina Neugebauer and Michael Takacs., null, STVM vs. Canfield Football Playoff Ticket Information

The Fighting Irish football team has qualified for the OHSAA State Playoffs for the 7th straight year. #2 STVM Football will host #7 Canfield for the Region 7 Quarterfinals this Friday, November 6th at 7:30 PM at Green Street Stadium. Click the link below for more information! 

Ticket Info: THIS IS AN OHSAA PLAYOFF GAME. NO PASSES or DISCOUNTS OF ANY KIND ARE ACCEPTED. STVM STUDENTS MUST PURCHASE A TICKET. Pre-sale tickets are available for purchase this week in the STVM Athletic Office, Tuesday-Thursday 9am-3pm and Friday 9am-2pm. All pre-sale tickets are $8. 

All tickets at the gate on Friday are $9.00. No passes or discounts of any kind will be accepted at the gate. 

Game time is 7:30pm, gates will open at 6:00pm. Ticket booths will open at 5:30PM. Parking is $3.00., Today we welcome 8 shadows from the following schools:
IHM 
Coventry
Miller South
St. Francis Xavier 
St. Vincent 
Hyre 
St. Matthew 
Copley

We hope you all enjoy your day! Be your Best... Be Irish!
Interested in shadowing for a day here at STVM? Visit this link for more: http://www.stvm.com/admissions/shadowing.php, STVM Leprechaun Theatre Guild Presents:, Yesterday, we gathered together to celebrate Mass. STVM Senior, Hope Roberts graciously sang the Ave Maria. Here is a look at Hope's wonderful rendition., Congratulations to our Boys and Girls Cross Country Teams!
They both advance to OHSAA State Competition!

http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1249&section=parentinfo, Today we welcome 11 shadows from the following schools:
Holy Family 
St. Augustine 
Miller South 
St. Hilary 
NIHF-STEM
Rootstown 
Litchfield 
Roberts Middle School 
St. Sebastian 

We hope you all enjoy your day! Be your Best... Be Irish!
Interested in shadowing for a day here at STVM? Visit this link for more: http://www.stvm.com/admissions/shadowing.php, Congratulations to our Boys Soccer Team who beat Northwest last night in double overtime, shoot outs 4-2 for the OHSAA District Semi Final!  They now advance to the OHSAA District Final on Saturday, October 31st at 4pm at Norton High School.  Way to go Boys!, Today we welcome 11 shadows from the following schools:
Holy Family
St. Hilary 
St. Paul 
Roswell Kent 
Miller South 
Lake Middle School 
Copley Middle School 
Lippman
Litchfield 

We hope you all enjoy your day! Be your Best... Be Irish!
Interested in shadowing for a day here at STVM? Visit this link for more: http://www.stvm.com/admissions/shadowing.php, STVM Booster Club Reverse Raffle Information

The STVM Athletic Booster Club's Reverse Raffle is fast approaching and will be held Thursday November 5th at Guys Party Center. This is one of the clubs biggest fundraisers of the year so please come out and help support our athletes! 

When: Thursday, November 5, 2015 
Where: Guys Party Center (500 E. Waterloo Rd., Akron, Ohio) 
Time: Doors - 6:00; Dinner - 7:00; Raffle - 8:00 
Price: $75/person (1 ticket and 1 dinner...add $30.00 for a second dinner); 
Details: Dinner ticket includes appetizers, open bar, and a buffet dinner. There will also be auction items for a total of over $3,000 in prizes! 

If you cannot attend, $50 tickets are available as an option for 1 raffle ticket only (no dinner included with the $50 ticket) 

See the attached flyer for all the details and we hope to see you there! 

For tickets - respond to this email or contact Bob Bertsch 330-618-5318 (bbertschnd@yahoo.com), STVM Career Connections Career Fair is November 4th.  MENTORS NEEDED!, This past weekend was a great weekend to be Irish! 

Congratulations to our Boys Soccer Team who beat Tallmadge in the OHSAA Sectional Final game 3-2!  They will host Northwest this Wednesday, October 28th at Green Street Stadium at 7pm for the OHSAA District Semi. 

Congratulations to our Boys and Girls Cross Country Team who BOTH WON OHSAA DISTRICT TITLES! They will move on to Boardman this weekend for Regional Competition.  

Good luck tonight to our Girls Soccer Team who plays CVCA for the OHSAA District Semi Final at 7pm at CVCA!

GO IRISH! Stay up to date with STVM Athletics via our school calendar or on Twitter at @STVMATHLETICS, Today we welcome 11 shadows from the following schools:
Old Trail
Copley
St. Augustine 
RB Chamberlain 
St. Francis de Sales 
Akros 
Southeast Middle School

We hope you all enjoy your day! Be your Best... Be Irish!
Interested in shadowing for a day here at STVM? Visit this link for more: http://www.stvm.com/admissions/shadowing.php, Girls Soccer claims Sectional crown and moves on to the District Semi Final on Monday, October 26 at 7PM at CVCA.  Way to go girls! 

ABJ article: http://www.ohio.com/sports/high-school/portage-trail-conference/girls-soccer-division-ii-sectional-st-vincent-st-mary-2-coventry-1-1.634699#, Today we welcome 29 shadows from the following schools:
Holy Family 
St.. Paul 
St. Francis de Sales 
Miller South 
Kimpton 
Litchfield 
St. Matthew 
St. Hilary 
Seton 
Woodridge 
IHM 
East CLC 
Copley 

We hope you all enjoy your day! Be your Best... Be Irish!
Interested in shadowing for a day here at STVM? Visit this link for more: http://www.stvm.com/admissions/shadowing.php, Today we welcome 16 shadows from the following schools:
St. Anthony
Homeschool
St. Mary 
Holy Family
Super Learning Center
St. Francis de Sales
Tallmadge Middle
Roswell Kent  
Litchfield

We hope you all enjoy your day! Be your Best... Be Irish!

Interested in shadowing for a day here at STVM? Visit this link for more: http://www.stvm.com/admissions/shadowing.php, Please Join Us TONIGHT at STVM as we kick off planning for the 30th Annual Showcase!  
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1242&section=parentinfo, Congratulations to our Girls Soccer Team who beat Springfield last night 9-0 in the OHSAA Sectional Semi.  They will move on to play Coventry on Thursday, October 22nd at 7:00PM at Coventry. 

Good luck girls!, Pre-sale tickets for Friday night's Football Game at Massillon are on sale Monday, Oct. 19th-Thursday, Oct. 22nd 9am-3pm and Friday, Oct. 23rd 9am-2pm.  All tickets are sold in the Athletic Office at STVM.  Cash and check accepted; no credit cards. 

Adult tickets are $6 and student tickets are $3. All tickets are general admission. 

Game Info:
STVM Football at Massillon; kick off is 7:30pm
Paul Brown Tiger Stadium Address: 1 Paul Brown Dr SE Massillon, OH 44646, null, Today we welcome 27 shadows from the following schools:
St. Vincent
Kimpton
Revere Middle School 
Our Lady of the Elms
St. Hilary 
Highland 
Streetsboro
Homeschool 
Tallmadge Middle School 
Redeemer Christian 
Chippewa Middle School 
St. Sebastian
St. Paul 
RB Chamberlain 
Roswell Kent 
St. Matthew 
East CLC

We hope you all enjoy your day! Be your Best... Be Irish! 

Interested in shadowing for a day here at STVM?  Visit this link for more: http://www.stvm.com/admissions/shadowing.php, STVM Athletic Director, Willie McGee VM03 featured on WEWS NewsChannel 5 - Cleveland/Akron/Canton.  "I owe it all to St. Vincent-St. Mary."

Watch Mr. McGee here from Channel 5 news:
https://shar.es/1uG1fR, Fall Sports Tournament(s) Information
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1240&section=parentinfo, Good luck today to senior golfer, Dustin Buehler, who is competing in OHSAA District Competition at Pine Hills Golf Club in Hinckley., Good luck today to our students taking the PSAT test!                        Students will be released at noon today., 11th Annual Summit County Private High School College/Tech. Fair is TONIGHT.  All students and families from Summit County are welcome!

http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1228&section=parentinfo, On Monday, STVM had 14 shadows here for the day.  They represented the following schools:
IHM
St. Patrick
Innes
St. Anthony
St. Paul
St. Matthew
Old Trail School
St. Joseph
St. Francis Xavier

We hope you all enjoyed your day! Be your Best... Be Irish!, On Saturday, Oct. 10, 2015 at the Fighting Irish football game we celebrated senior members of our marching band, Irish dance team, golf team and tennis team, On Saturday, Oct. 10, 2015  at the Fighting Irish football game we celebrated senior members of our marching band, Irish dance team, golf team and tennis team., The St. Vincent-St. Mary Fighting Irish are winning for others all over the world.   At The Ohio State football game on Saturday, Michelle Noethen VM13 was invited to attempt a 20 yard field goal kick in front of 107,000 people. Michelle's successful kick provided two cancer survivors with a trip of a lifetime. Congratulations Michelle! 
https://www.facebook.com/groups/BuckeyeCruise/
https://twitter.com/Brutus_Buckeye/status/652921027207544832, Congratulations to our International Thespian Society Inductees!
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1236&section=parentinfo, Today we welcome four grade school shadows from the following schools:
Holy Family
A.I. Root
NIHF-STEM
St. Sebastian
Woodridge Middle School
Roswell Kent
Miller South
Old Trail School

We hope you all enjoy your day here at STVM. Be your Best...Be Irish!

Do you know an 8th grader that would like to shadow a student here at STVM? Click this link for more admissions info: http://www.stvm.com/admissions/admissions_greeting.php, Five St. Vincent-St. Mary Students Named as Commended National Merit Students

Akron, Ohio – Five students from St. Vincent-St. Mary High School have been named as Commended National Merit Students in the 2016 National Merit Scholarship Program. The students are all members of the STVM Class of 2016: Sierra M. Azar of Holy Family Parish, Meaghan Devany of Immaculate Heart of Mary, Gonzalo Diago of St. Francis de Sales, Regina Neugebauer of St. Paul Parish and Michael W. Takacs of Immaculate Heart of Mary.

Last October, these students, along with 1.5 million students nationally, took the Preliminary SAT exam and were entered into a nationwide competition for recognition and awards conducted by National Merit Scholarship Corporation. These students scored among the highest 34,000 students in the nation. We congratulate these students on their achievement as they are recognized for their exceptional academic promise! They are proud representatives of St. Vincent-St. Mary High School.

“The young men and women being named Commended Students have demonstrated outstanding potential for academic success,” commented a spokesperson for National Merit Scholarship Corporation. “These students represent a valuable national resource; recognizing their accomplishments, as well as the key role their schools play in their academic development, is vital to the advancement of educational excellence in our nation. We hope that this recognition will help broaden their educational opportunities and encourage them as they continue their pursuit of academic success.”

St. Vincent-St. Mary High School is a four-year, co-educational, college preparatory Catholic high school located in Akron, Ohio. We have been an integral part of the Akron community for more than 100 years, providing quality education rooted in Catholic faith. With a current enrollment of 705, more than 17,500 STVM alumni are proud to be integral to our heritage and our rich history. For more information about St. Vincent-St. Mary please visit www.stvm.com or call 330.253.9113 x152., St. Vincent-St. Mary Accepted for NASA Student Launch Program National Competition in Alabama Spring 2016

On Friday, October 2, 2015, NASA announced that a Student Launch team from St. Vincent-St. Mary High School (STVM) had been accepted as a participant in this year’s Student Launch. The NASA Student Launch, or SL, is a research-based, competitive, experiential exploration activity. SL has partnered with the Centennial Challenges to provide relevant, cost-effective research and development of rocket propulsion systems. This project offers multiple challenges reaching a broad audience of middle and high schools, colleges and universities, and non-academic teams across the nation. Participation involves an eight-month commitment to design, construct, and fly payloads and vehicle components and/or to design, construct, and operate ground support equipment. The teams launch the experiments on high-powered rockets and share the research results, which will be used in future design and development of NASA projects. 

By placing in the top 25 teams in the nation in Team America Rocketry Challenge (TARC) or the top 3 places in Rocketry for schools high schools are able to receive a request for proposal from NASA. Last year a team from STVM placed 4th in the nation in the TARC event. After a competitive proposal selection process, teams participate in a series of design reviews that are submitted to NASA via a team-developed website. These reviews mirror the NASA engineering design lifecycle, providing an experience that prepares students for the Human Exploration and Operations workforce. Teams must complete a Preliminary Design Review, Critical Design Review, Flight Readiness Review, and Launch Readiness Review that includes a safety briefing. Teams must analyze payload and flight data during a Post Launch Assessment Review. In addition, teams must successfully complete an initial and a final Launch Readiness Review that includes a safety inspection prior to launch. 

This year’s STVM student proposal to NASA was to design and build a rocket that would fly to exactly 1 mile in altitude and during its descent activate an autonomous ground vehicle that would drive to the rocket once it lands. The autonomous vehicle must be capable of finding the rocket up to a half a mile from its launch point in an active wheat field. Many of the rocket’s components will be constructed using advanced manufacturing techniques such as 3D printing. 

Team members include; 

Paul Grutzmacher - Project Manager 
Ellie Ewing 
Peter Albanese 
Raykwon Woodruff 
Joe Conti 
Nate Pohlman 
Patrick Finger 
Mitchell Adamczyk 
Randy Norris 
Je'Marie Weber-Harris 
Alexandra Albanese 
Liam Squire 
Michael Rodgers 

Students must also raise all the funds necessary to construct the vehicles and pay for their trip to Huntsville to demonstrate their vehicle. The challenge will take place at NASA’s Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Alabama during April 13-17, 2016. 

If you have any questions about this project or wish to make a donation please contact Bob Engels at rengels@stvm.com., Today we welcome four grade school shadows from the following schools:
Miller South
St. Joseph
NIHF-STEM

We hope you all enjoy your day here at STVM.  Be your Best...Be Irish!

Do you know an 8th grader that would like to shadow a student here at STVM?  Click this link for more admissions info: http://www.stvm.com/admissions/admissions_greeting.php, Coach Dan Boarman V70 Wins 200th Career Game
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1234&section=parentinfo, VOTE FOR STVM FOR BEST STUDENT SECTION! 
http://highschoolsports.cleveland.com/news/article/-8803015637200941062/vote-for-northeast-ohios-best-student-section-weekly-tournament-style-contest-begins-now-photos/#pd_a_9111961, 2015 Yearbook are in! 
2015 yearbooks are in and ready to be distributed.  Current students will receive their books today at the end of the day.  If a student wishes to purchase a book they are $60 and checks should be made to STVM yearbook.  2015 graduates or their families may pick up books through the main office by the theater.  Please call ahead and make arrangements to pick up your copy.  If you would like a current student who is not a relative to get your copy you must send an email giving permission before the book will be distributed.  

Email Beth Dolan with any questions- bdolan@stvm.com., St. Vincent-St. Mary High School will be hosting our annual band show this Saturday October 3rd at 7:00 PM.  It will be featuring 6 bands along with the Fighting Irish Marching Band.  Faculty ID Cards will be accepted., STVM Chinese International students toured local colleges today. Ohio Wesleyan & Denison to name a few., Today our freshmen class gathers for a day for reflection and refreshment.  Thank you to campus ministry for hosting our day of special reflection., Let's Get a Little Bit Rowdy..... R-O-W-D-Y!
The best Rivalry in the Ohio faces off tonight.  STVM vs. Hoban, 7pm Infocision Stadium. 

Over 7,000 tickets have already been sold! 

See you at the Game!, Spirit Week ends at STVM with a Senior Lock-In and a total spirit transformation of our school over night.  We are drowning in school spirit high atop a hill in Akron! 

Here is a small glimpse of how the seniors decorated the school last night!, null, null, null, STVM to Host 11th Annual Summit County Private High School College/Tech. Fair

http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1228&section=parentinfo, This Friday, your Fighting Irish Football Team travels to Infocision Stadium to take on the Knights of Archbishop Hoban High School, kick off is set for 7:00pm. This is a highly anticipated match up!

Pre-sale tickets for Friday are on sale NOW in the STVM Athletic Department.  All tickets are $7 pre-sale and STVM GETS TO KEEP ALL PROCEEDS MADE FROM PRE-SALE.  No booster club discounts or donor passes will be accepted. Everyone must have a ticket. Check or cash accepted.

All tickets are $10 at the gate on Friday.

Ticket Office Hours:
Monday, 9/21-Thursday 9/24: 9am-3:30pm
Friday, 9/25: 9am-1pm

The STVM vs. Hoban rivalry is one of the oldest and richest rivalries in Akron, let alone the State of Ohio.  Often referred to as the "Akron Holy War," this rivalry between the Fighting Irish of STVM and the Knights of Hoban has always been proven to be a game to remember year in and year out. Throw the records out the door in this one because no matter what each team has done prior to this matchup, the game seems to always come down to the last play. In 1996, this rivalry was renewed after a 20 year lapse from playing each other. Since the rivalry was renewed in 1996, the teams faced off at the Rubber Bowl until it closed its gates in 2008. Since 2009, the Irish and the Knights have been playing in the University of Akron's new on-campus stadium, InfoCision Stadium. Each year they draw a huge crowd of people from throughout Northeastern Ohio. The winner of this rivalry gains possession of the Ancient Order of Hibernians Shillelagh trophy as well as bragging rights throughout the year.

Check out more on STVM football and the rivalry here:
http://www.stvmfootball.com/hoban.html, Congrats to our 2015 Homecoming Queen, Jackie Cunningham (right) and Crowner, Ellie Ewing!, Can't make it to tonight's Homecoming Football Game? Below are Radio and TV channel listings for tonight's football game vs. Mooney.

TV: Time Warner Cable Channel 1311 will show a delayed taping of the game tonight at 11:30pm and at later times through out the week. 
Big Time Sports Ohio: http://www.bigtimesportsohio.com/

Radio: The game will be broadcast on 570 WKBN. It can be accessed on the iHeartRadio smartphone app or on www.570wkbn.com.

Follow @STVMATHLETICS on twitter for live updates, scores, and Homecoming Queen updates all night long!, Here is our 2015 Homecoming Court Attendants, Escorts, and Football Escorts. 

Who will be crowned Queen?  Find out tomorrow night at half-time of our Football Game vs. Cardinal Mooney.  Kick-off is 7:00pm.  See you there!, STVM Announces Chromebook Roll Out

This year, St. Vincent-St. Mary High School is implementing school-wide use of Chromebooks to help us better prepare our students for the high-tech demands of tomorrow's workplace. The Chromebooks will allow our students to make better use of the Google Apps for Education suite that our school has been using for the past few years. This advanced, cloud-based software suite allows students to collaborate on documents, presentations, and other assignments simultaneously and in real-time, helping us to meet the 21st-Century Classroom standards of communication, collaboration, critical thinking, and creativity. Currently, all our upperclassmen have a school-issued Chromebook, and the response has been fantastic. Students are using their Chromebooks to submit assignments online, research curricular issues and current events, and stay connected with the co-curricular organizations in which they are involved. This week the Chromebooks will be rolled out to our sophomores, and the freshmen will receive their Chromebooks later this month. The students have commented on how helpful it has been to have a Chromebook to use as an educational tool, and the teachers have found that it makes their instruction more engaging, hands-on, and collaborative. The reason for the segmented roll out was specifically designed to better implement their use as a whole, deal with issues on a group basis and also helps us not to bombard our network all at once.

Mr. Robert Brownfield, a teacher and member of the school's technology committee comments, "We really wanted to do this the right way so we took our time and researched what was best for secondary-level learning. With the popularity of Apple's line of products (iPhones, iPads, iMac computers, etc.), it is no surprise that many schools quickly chose to adopt iPads as their school technology of choice. While iPads are certainly engaging, research shows that they are most effective at the elementary level. For high-school aged students, the productivity afforded by the Chromebooks and the Google Apps for Education software suite is just so much more dynamic and effective in the classroom. I have been using the Chromebooks with my students for nearly a month, and it has been great. The students are engaged and organized, and the technology at their fingertips makes their learning more closely resemble what they will be doing in the college and career world after graduation.", Hope Assemblies Initiative Speaks to STVM Freshmen and Sophomores

On Tuesday, September 16, the Hope Assembly Initiative visited St. Vincent-St. Mary for the fourth straight year to speak to our freshman and sophomore classes about a wide range of topics from God to bullying. 

Freshman Class - When the Music Stops 
Freshman students are introduced to the Hope Assembly Initiative through a program called "When the Music Stops." When the Music Stops is a high energy program that encourages students to actively pursue dreams that will positively impact the world around them. When the Music Stops is a perfect program for the topics of bullying, suicide, and drug use! 

Sophomore Class - Redefine 
Sophomore students are put through a follow-up program called Redefine. This is meant to be a follow-up from their freshman year experience of When the Music Stops. 

Click here for more info from their website: http://hopeassemblies.com/

Thank you once again to Brandon Kightlinger and his team for the positive and encouraging message to our freshman and sophomore classes!, Vote for STVM vs. Cardinal Mooney for "Under the Lights" Game of the Week.  The box to vote is bottom right hand corner of the home page.  Do not scroll down. 


http://www.cleveland19.com/, null, Caution: Irish Bees Hard at Work!

St.Vincent de Paul Elementary and St. Vincent-St. Mary High School are working to educate students about gardens and their pollinators. With this connection, STVM placed two managed colonies of honeybees on our campus. They have been placed on Smith Street near the building facing South Street. This will allow our students and the students of St.Vincent de Paul to witness first hand how honeybees work and are connected to our environment. 

The two colonies are being managed by Akron Honey Company's Brent Wesley - our bee keeper.  Honeybees are docile creatures that are more interested in working than bothering us.  With that said, Wesley has asked that no one approach the colonies without proper instruction and training. 

Here is more from Akron Honey Company: http://www.akronhoney.com/

There are a couple of websites below if you are interested in learning more about these vitally important creatures:

http://www.fcps.edu/islandcreekes/ecology/honey_bee.htm

http://www.backyardbeekeepers.com/facts.html, Hello Irish Fans!
Show your Irish pride from the sidelines while you cheer on your favorite STVM teams!  Fighting Irish bag chairs are now available in the Susan and Edward Lynch, Jr. Bookstore at STVM.  

Chairs are on sale for just $30 each.These custom bag chairs have two cup holders and the Fighting Irish logo on the inside of the chair back.

Stop in to the Susan and Edward Lynch, Jr. Bookstore at STVM to get your chairs today!

Limited supply available., Today we announced our 2015 Homecoming Court.  These students were voted on by their peers! 

Juniors: Deonna Bickley & Bronson Davis and Clare Wagner & Jacob Nelson  

Seniors: Jackie Cunningham & Tobin Huffman, Cassidy Horrigan  & Patrick Walter, Ellie Ewing & Steven Stamer, Danielle Whiddon & Andrew Pearson, Caitlin Sivec & Alex Heard and Lia Giffels & Luc Frazier. 

*Not pictured: Clare Wagner, We promise to never forget., Have you ever wondered what 202 freshmen look like?  Here they are!  The St. Vincent-St. Mary High School Class of 2019!, A special shout out to Walsh Jesuit High School Alumni President, Mr. Karl Ertle for keeping up his end of the bargain yesterday! Here he is pictured in green and gold!

Both STVM and Walsh Jesuit Presidents made friendly wager at Friday's Football Game.  Which ever team lost, that President would wear the winner's jersey to school on Tuesday.  Thank you Karl for being such a good sport!, null, Congratulations to Parris, Dante and Julianne and all of our Irish Buckeyes!  We are so proud of you!, Pre-Sale Tickets for Friday Night's Football Game at Green Street Stadium vs. Lake Catholic will be on sale in the STVM Athletic Office Thursday, September 10th and Friday, September 11th from 9am-3pm.  Adult Tickets are $6 and Students are $4. Booster Club discounts are NOT accepted for pre sale tickets. 

STVM Students and Faculty are free and Shamrock and Legacy passes will be accepted at the gate Friday night.  

All tickets at the ticket gate on Friday are $7.00., Visit the STVM Admissions page on our website to view more info on upcoming Open Houses, shadowing days, admissions test dates, etc.  We look forward to having you! 

http://www.stvm.com/admissions/admissions_greeting.php, Tonight we brought the bell back home! 

Congrats to the Football Team for defeating Walsh Jesuit 35-14. The bell is back! 

Here is a link to the ABJ: http://www.ohio.com/sports/high-school/other/high-school-football-st-vincent-st-mary-35-walsh-jesuit-14-irish-take-advantage-of-miscues-roll-over-warriors-1.621827#, Today, we had our Fall Sports Rally.  We recognized all of our fall sports teams, especially our seniors.  Upperclassmen also taught the Freshman Class cheers for the student section.  Here is a look at one of our favorite cheers "Do it".  

Congrats to the Senior class who won the Spirit Stick at today's Rally!, Good luck to our VM14 Football Alumni playing on National TV this weekend! 

Do not forget to like our Alumni FB page and stay current on everything alumni!, CALLING ALL CYO ATHLETES AND COACHES:
JOIN US NEXT FRIDAY, Friday, September, 11th!, ICYMI: Last Friday, at half time of the football game, we unveiled the Cheerleaders state banner.  This banner will be hung in the Lebron James Arena, along with the other state banners.  

Our Cheerleaders are the 2015 OASSA State Champions, VOTE FOR STVM and Walsh Jesuit High School Alumni for the Cleveland Browns Game of the Week this week:
http://www.clevelandbrowns.com/community/youth-football/hsgotw-poll.html, Pre-Sale Tickets for Friday, Sept 4th Football Game at Walsh Jesuit are available in the STVM Athletic Office from Tuesday, Sept 1- Friday, Sept 4th 9AM-3PM. 

Pre-sale prices are $6 for Adults and $4 for students.  NO PASSES OR BOOSTER KEY TAGS ACCEPTED, everyone must have a ticket.  We are expecting a large crowd, come down to STVM and purchase yours! 

Tickets at the gate at Walsh are $7 for adults and $5 for students.  Ticket gate will open at 5:45pm. Kick-off 7:00pm. 

#wewantthebellback, FOOTBALL IS HERE!
Tonight, our Football Team opens their season vs. Everett (MI)! Come down to Green Street Stadium and support your Fighting Irish! Kick off is 7:00pm, ticket gate opens at 5:30pm, and parking opens at 5:00pm.

STVM Students and Faculty free, all tickets $7.00 at the gate; no pre-sale. GO IRISH!

*Photo courtesy of Coach Anthony Boarman, IMPORTANT INFORMATION FROM THE STVM ALUMNI ASSOCIATION!, Great Opportunities at Green Street Stadium!  Act quick before they sell out!, Today we gathered as a Faith community for our first school Mass.  A special thank you to Fr. Mark Ott, who traveled from Cleveland to be our Celebrant.  Fr. Ott graduated from STVM in 1991.  Welcome home Father!, Welcome Back Students!, Welcome Freshmen, Transfers and Big Sibs to your first day of the 2015-2016 school year! 

STVM is proud to welcome our largest Freshmen Class!, Thursday, August 20, our Football team will host a scrimmage at Green Street Stadium.  Our Irish will take on the Midview HS, Freshmen will begin at 5pm, JV at 6pm, and Varsity at 7pm. 

The ticket gate will open at 4:15pm and ALL TICKETS ARE $3.  STVM STAFF AND STUDENTS ARE FREE with proof of ID; however, NO OTHER PASSES OF ANY KIND WILL BE ACCEPTED. SHAMROCK AND LEGACY MEDALLIONS WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED. This event is a OHSAA Jamboree event and everyone must pay to get in.  

We do understand that STVM Freshmen and Transfer students may not have their school id's yet; therefore, we will accept proof of STVM class schedule, if a student doesn't have their ID yet., Congratulations to the All American Model United Nations 
Delegation awarded first place: Best Delegation and to STVM's Robert Mathern '16 for winning First place - Best Delegate award at WEMUN Expo 2015 in CITIC Grand Epoch City Beijing, China.

This is an amazing accomplishment for Robert Mathern and STVM. 

St. Vincent-St. Mary is the only school in the United States of America that has had three students chosen to participate on the All American Model United Nation Delegations. Our students have competed with the very best Model United Nation Students in the United States of America and have achieved incredible success in which two of our students received the top distinction of Best Delegate award over the past two years., 27 STVM Students Named College Board AP Scholars

STVM is proud to announce that College Board has designated 27 students (21 graduates Class of 2015 and 6 current seniors) as “AP Scholars” based on their performance on AP tests taken during their high school careers. There are three categories of designation. 

AP Scholar (Granted to students who receive scores of 3 or higher on three or more AP exams) 

Class of 2015 
Zachary Codrea 
Joseph Faetanini 
Nicholas Fiedler 
Katherine Friess 
Angela Giltner 
ZhaoYang “Peter” Gu 
Cynthia Haas 
Aaron Kofsky 
Andrew Misbrener 
Cannon Morgan 
Kevin Oyakawa 

Class of 2016 
Meaghan Devany 
Gonzalo Diago 
Vincent Diago 
Regina Neugebauer 
Michael Takacs 
Patrick Walter 

AP Scholar with Honor (Granted to students who receive an average score of at least 3.25 on all AP Exams taken and scores of 3 or higher on four or more exams) 

Class of 2015 
James Demboski 
Johnathon Mileski 
Alaina Misbrener 
Brooklynn Scherer 
Robert Yeaton 

AP Scholar with Distinction (Granted to students who receive an average score of at least 3.5 on all AP Exams taken and scores of 3 or higher on five or more exams) 

Class of 2015 
Julia Bowen 
Christopher Consilio 
Mariah Costa 
John Kelliher 
Joseph Puhalla, Join us this Friday, August 7th for our Annual Booster Club Picnic.  All are welcome! 

6:00pm Green Street Stadium, On Friday, July 31, 2015, STVM hosted our Re-Opening and Blessing of John Cistone Field/Green Street Stadium.  Thank you to everyone who came out to partake in our celebration with us! We are very excited about the upcoming Fall Sports Season.  

Here are a few highlights from our celebration., Good luck to STVM Robbie Mathern 16' & the All American Model United Nations team competing in Beijing, China! Bring home the gold., Join us this Friday, July 31st at 9:30pm for the Blessing and Re-Opening of John Cistone Field, followed by MIDNIGHT MADNESS. 

August 1st marks the first official day of Fall Sports.  Therefore, we are inviting the entire STVM community to help us in celebrating our newly renovated stadium at Green Street Stadium. 

Join in the fun with Eddie's Cheesesteaks, live music/ DJ, experience our new turf and stadium first hand by having an"open" field experience, and a participate in our blessing and ribbon cutting ceremony, joined by all fall coaches.  Then stick around for MIDNIGHT MADNESS as the 2015 Fighting Irish Football team will take the field for their first official practice at 12:01am., St. Vincent-St. Mary  Fighting Irish Dance Team dancer Mackenna Hornyak  competed  on July 1st at The North American Irish Dance Championships (NAIDC) in Providence, Rhode Island.  This premiere Irish dance competition is a qualifying event for Irish Dance Worlds which will be held in Glasgow, Scotland in Spring 2016.  We are very happy to report that Mackenna placed 16th in the NATION and will be in Glasgow in the spring!   

Here is more: http://www.naidc.org/results-wednesday, In case you missed the weekend's Akron Beacon Journal, STVM had 17 athletes listed in the 2015 Scholar Athlete section.  All of these graduated seniors had over a 3.4 GPA and participated in two or more sports! Way to go students!, Cross Country to host a race! Here is more info:

This is a series of runs that starts with a 1.5 mile run this weekend.  There is then a 2 mile, 2.5 mile and ends with a 5K on August 1st.  All of these are held at Goodyear Metro Park., Congratulations to the STVM Model United Nations Team for being recognized & receiving the Best Small Delegation award during the Cleveland Council on World Affairs Annual meeting yesterday evening.
The silver bowl will be on display during the 2015-2016 school year at STVM., STVM Athletic Booster Club announces date for Annual Booster Club Picnic in August. Hope to see you there; all are welcome!, ONE... we are the Irish!

Calling all alumni and friends! Make your Fund for STVM donation by June 30th to be included in all Giving Lists!  Keep a look out in your mailboxes or simply follow this link to donate:
http://www.stvm.com/development/fund_for_stvm.php, STVM Phone System Currently Down
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1210&section=parentinfo, STVM Youth Football Camp Cancelled Due to Turf Project Delays; Will Offer Free One Day Camp in July

With the recent rain and projected weather forecast, the turf project has been delayed; therefore, the field will not be ready in time for the youth football camp June 22-24. However, Coach Boarman will be hosting a FREE one day camp in July. Please stay tuned to our website for more information regarding this camp. 

Campers who were pre-registered were sent an email from Assistant Director of Athletics Carley Whitney with more details. If there are any questions, please contact Carley at cwhitney@stvm.com. 

We apologize for the inconvenience., null, null, STVM Academic Challenge Team Wins June 13th Competition
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1206&section=parentinfo, Watch party is ready to go! #STVMALLIN, Congratulations to our St. Vincent-St. Mary Academic Challenge Team on their win on the June 13th episode! http://www.newsnet5.com/news/education/academic-challenge/2014-2015-academic-challenge-weekly-results-1, We hope to see you tomorrow for the #STVMALLIN Watch Party for Game #5! Fill out the form through the link below to get your ticket. You must have a ticket to enter! STVM students may enter with student IDS and Legacy & Shamrock society members may enter with medallions. See you tomorrow!

http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1205&section=parentinfo, We hope to see you for the #STVMALLIN Watch Party for the NBA Finals Game 5 on Sunday, June 14! Click the link below to register for an E-Ticket for the event by filling out a quick form: http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1205&section=parentinfo

No cost for the event, but you must have a ticket for entry.
STVM students may use their school IDS.
Shamrock & Legacy members may use their medallions.

Print tickets are available at the school today until 3PM. 
We can't wait to see you! Go Cavs and Go Irish!, http://www.ohio.com/sports/high-school/boys-state-track-field-st-v-m-places-first-in-3-200-meter-relay-in-division-ii-kent-roosevelt-s-randy-mcmullen-sets-state-shot-put-record-in-wheelchair-division-1.598035#.VXbvFsCkhgw.facebook, null, http://www.ohio.com/news/break-news/cavaliers-fans-attend-watch-party-at-lebron-s-alma-mater-st-vincent-st-mary-high-school-1.598953, null, #STVMALLIN, STVM student Mitchell Adamczyk sharing his musical talent at the Akron Children's Hospital Pianothon.  #irishpride, http://www.ohio.com/sports/high-school/andy-jalwan-takes-over-as-strongsville-athletic-director-st-v-m-hires-willie-mcgee-to-guide-its-sports-programs-1.598617, Bookstore Summer Hours

June 15  through August  15, 2015
CLOSED

August  17, 2015 through the end of school year
8:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. Monday/Wednesday/Friday
10:30 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. Tuesday/Thursday
*Additional Bookstore hours:
Sunday, August 16th- following the Freshmen Breakfast., null, null, Here are your #STVM Girls Track 4x400 STATE CHAMPIONS!!, STVM Welcomes Home Willie McGee VM03 as new Athletic Director
http://stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1204&section=parentinfo, Good luck tonight to LeBron James VM03 and the Cleveland Cavaliers as they take on the Golden State Warriors for Game #1 of the NBA Finals. 

Here is a great article by Reverend Damian Ference.  Good luck Cavs! LeBron James Family Foundation http://www.dioceseofcleveland.org/can-i-pray-for-the-cavs/, We hope to see you for the #STVMALLIN Watch Party for the NBA Finals Game 3 on Tuesday, June 9! Click the link below to register for an E-Ticket for the event by filling out a quick form. No cost for the event, but you must have a ticket for entry. 

STVM students may use their school IDS.
Shamrock & Legacy members may use their medallions.
Print tickets are available at the school today until 3PM, Monday 9AM-3PM, and Tuesday 9AM-3PM.

We can't wait to see you! Go Cavs and Go Irish!, The excitement of the NBA Finals is making its way to 15 North Maple Street! Join us on Tuesday, June 9 for Game #3 as we cheer on the Cleveland Cavaliers!

Electronic tickets available by request by emailing: stvmallin@stvm.com
Print tickets will be available at STVM:
Thursday, June 4 - 9:00 a.m. - 3:00 p.m.
Monday, June 8 - 9:00 a.m. - 3:00 p.m.
Tuesday, June 9 - 9:00 a.m. - 3:00 p.m.

Go Cavs & Go Irish!

STVM Legacy and Shamrock Society Members may enter with their Society Medallion 
STVM Students may enter with student ID, Good luck to our 17 Track & Field athletes traveling to the OHSAA State Championship this weekend! Here they are with their Shillelagh Awards. The Wall of Honor is close! 

Visit the OHSAA website for more info on State competition this weekend. Here is a link:http://www.ohsaa.org/sports/tf/default.asp, **Students will arrive at school before their first exam and leave after their last exam 
**Students may NOT leave school and come back 

Monday, June 1, 2015 – Final Review Day for Students (8:00-3:00) 

Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
8:00-9:00 - Period 8 Exam 
9:15-10:15 - Period 7 Exam 
10:30-11:30 - Period 6 Exam 

Wednesday, June 3, 2015 
8:00-9:00 - Period 5 Exam 
9:15-10:15 - Period 4 Exam 
10:30-11:30 - Period 3 Exam 

Thursday, June 4, 2015 
8:00-9:00 - Period 2 Exam 
9:15-10:15 - Period 1 Exam 
10:30-11:30 - Make Up Exams 

Friday, June 5, 2015 – Teacher Records Day - No classes, null, Today is the last full school day of the 2014-2015 school year.  Tomorrow is the first day for exams.  What a ride this school year has been! 

Here is the semester exam schedule for this week:
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=951&section=parentinfo, Tonight we send off our seniors to bright futures! It's not good bye it's see you later. 

Congratulations to the Class of 2015!, null, There will be a football parent meeting Monday, June 1st in the field house at 7pm.  Players do not need to attend., Two STVM Seniors Reflect on Their Senior Capstone Experience
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1201&section=parentinfo, STVM Softball Players Receive Top Honors
STVM Softball juniors, Lexie Handley, pitcher, and Ariel Linberger, third baseman, have received softball's top honor. Lexie has been named First Team All-State. Ariel Linberger has been named All State Honorable Mention. 

Lexie Handley has set a school record with 217 strike outs this season on the mound. She has also hit 6 home runs. She has committed to The University of Akron to play softball in college. Ariel Linberger has set school records with 11 home runs this season and 41 RBIs. STVM junior short stop, Selena Rodriguez has also been named Honorable Mention All-District. 

Congratulations to our girls!, Good luck today to our Softball Team taking on Beaumont for the Regional Semi Final at 5PM at Firestone Stadium! HOPE TO SEE YOU THERE!

GO IRISH!!!, Congratulations to LeBron James VM03 and the Cleveland Cavaliers for sweeping the Atlanta Hawks last night and moving on to the NBA Finals. 

LeBron James now joins the company of Bill Russell, being the 1st player since 1966 to reach the NBA Finals five consecutive times. 

Here are more pictures from the Akron Beacon Journal: http://www.ohio.com/sports/cavs/cavaliers-118-hawks-88-cavs-heading-to-nba-finals-after-completing-sweep-of-hawks-1.594988, Tonight we celebrate as a Faith community to bid farewell to our Class of 2015. You are Irish Forever., Senior Capstone Presentations are Wednesday, May 27th from 6:00-8:00 pm in the school building.  Seniors are required to present to their Faculty Advisers on this date.  Maps of rooms will be available at the front entrance.  Parents and Community Sponsors are invited to attend., Tonight the Class of 2015 will take part in our Annual Baccalaureate Mass at St. Bernard's Church in Akron.  What a beautiful way to begin the graduation process with our seniors.  It's not goodbye- it's see you later!, Evan Seiberling VM15 goes "home" for his Senior Capstone Experience
http://www.ohio.com/news/local/evan-seiberling-goes-home-descendant-of-influential-akron-family-does-senior-project-at-stan-hywet-1.594637#.VWRvVrqvQFA.facebook, From all of us here at STVM, thank you to all who have served or are serving for
our freedoms every day. You are the true heroes. Thank you!, State Science Day Achievements 2015

            State Science Day was held on May 16, 2015, at The Ohio State University. A team of 13 students from St. Vincent-St. Mary High School qualified to attend. Out of the 13 students attending, 6 scored the highest rating of superior. Earning the rating of superior were senior Jane Bozsik, junior Bryan Borodkin, sophomores Joseph Conti and Alexandria Oliverio and freshmen Michael Chmura and Jared Musci. Earning the rating of excellent were seniors Alex Weber and Cannon Morgan, juniors Maddie Angle, Colin Edgley and Patrick Walter and sophomore Kelly Tobin. Earning a score of good was senior Joe Puhalla.

Some students also won special awards and /or scholarships. Sophomore Joe Conti won a Heidelberg Science Scholarship worth up to $8000. Freshman Michael Chmura won two special awards including: Honorable Mention for the SOLAE Foundation award for Turning Science Fiction into Science Fact- $100 and Honorable Mention for the Governor’s Award for Excellence in Environmental Protection Research-Certificate and $100.

Congratulations to all of our science students for their hard work, effort, and dedication. 

Click the link and scroll to page 107 to see our STVM student results: http://static1.squarespace.com/static/545d32b5e4b0719cb5aae580/t/555e7ecee4b086153685178d/1432256206318/2015+SSD+Report.pdf, STVM Announces the Class of 2015 Valedictorian and Salutatorian
Date Posted: May 22, 2015

Congratulations to Katherine Friess and Andrew Misbrener for earning the distinguished honor of the Class of 2015 Valedictorian and Salutatorian! These two are perfect representatives of what it means to be more than just a successful student in the classroom at St. Vincent-St. Mary. 

Valedictorian Katherine Friess is the daughter of James and Molly Friess. Her activities include: NHS Treasurer, STEM Program, Mu Alpha Theta, Irish Athletes for Christ, Future Medics, STVM Chinese Club and STVM Girls' Tennis Team. Kate plans on attending The Ohio State University, majoring in Neuroscience. 

Salutatorian Andrew Misbrener is the son of Thom and Carrie Misbrener. His activities include: Peer Ministry, Irish Athletes for Christ, Future Medics, Ping Pong Club, Environmental Conservation Club, Spanish Club and STVM Boys' Soccer Team. Andrew plans on attending The Ohio State University, majoring in Neuroscience., null, null, Last night, our Softball Team beat Springfield 7-6 in 10 innings to bring home the District Championship! Our girls move on to play for the Regional Semi Final next Wednesday, May 27th, 5PM at Firestone Stadium. Way to go girls!

http://www.ohio.com/sports/high-school/high-school-softball-st-vincent-st-mary-7-springfield-6-irish-oust-spartans-in-extra-inning-district-final-thriller-1.593683, null, Today marks Day #1 of the Field Renovation! Out with the old turf and in with the new turf. 

The field renovation project includes, new stone walls around our field, fencing, and brand new turf.  Green Street Stadium's face lift will be much needed for the 2015-2016 school year. 

Here is the "before picture" from Day #1.  If you haven't seen the new walls yet. drive by Green Street and see the new walls surrounding our field- they are beautiful!  GO IRISH!, Thank you to our retiring teachers for your time and dedication over the past years.  You are truly amazing!, This year, STVM instituted a new program for our graduating seniors, The Capstone Project.  In this experience, senior students find a workplace or field of interest in which they would like to work in some day; they then job shadow someone in that field for the last two weeks of their senior year.  

We have doctors, lawyers, teachers, social workers, athletic trainers, pharmacists, you name it, we have it. 
Here are a few pictures of where our students are:, Nice Rocket Team coverage from the Akron Beacon Journal:
http://www.ohio.com/news/local/st-v-m-rocketeers-place-high-in-national-competition-donate-winnings-to-their-school-1.592625#.VVlqK6WCwps.facebook, STVM Physical Evaluation Info for the 2015-2016 School Year:
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1191&section=parentinfo, Congrats to our 2015 Prom King and Queen, Chris Bollinger and Janie Dulaney!, Congratulations to our Baseball and Softball Team advancing in the OHSAA Tournament! Here is info on their next games:

Softball: Monday, May 18th at Willig Park (Canton) 4:30PM vs. Fairless (District Semi Final)
Baseball: Wednesday, May 20th at Canal Park 4:00PM vs. Woodridge (District Semi Final), More STVM Science in the News 
STVM Physics students travel to Cedar Point today for Physics, Science & Math Week.  Here is more info on this program: 
https://www.cedarpoint.com/item/Youth-Programs-9-10-14-29/Physics-Science-Math-Week, STVM Science Students Off to State Science Day 2015
This morning, we has a send off assembly for our science students who will be heading today to the State Science Day 2015. Students will be competing for college scholarships, cash, publications and bond prizes, etc. 

"For more than 60 years — and now with more than 60,000
alumni — State Science Day is the pinnacle of student
originated, inquiry-based science education for Ohio’s
students. The academic equivalent of a state athletic
championship, this year’s event is one of the largest of its
kind in the nation. Drawing upon a base of over 35,000
students at more than 1,000 local school science fairs, more
than 1,000 students in grades 5–12 from nearly 300 schools
will be evaluated this year on their scientific research and
communication skills. They will compete for nearly 100
different scholarships and awards valued at close to 1 million
dollars. Individuals will be recognized and several sponsors
will also make awards to members of team research
projects."

Here is more on State Science 2015: http://www.ohiosci.org/ssd-2015, From all of us here at STVM, we could like to offer our deepest condolences to the families and community members of Hawken School. Our thoughts and prayers are with you all.  May The Lord guide you and keep you., Nice coverage of our Rocket Team by the Akron West Side Leader: 
http://www.akron.com/akron-ohio-education-news.asp?aID=26578, The St. Vincent-St. Mary High School Marching Band traveled to area grade schools on their annual Band Tour.  They performed for many schools; including, St. Francis De Sales, St. Matthew, St. Hilary, St. Vincent and IHM. 

Here are a few pictures from their journey., STVM Rocket Team Places First in Ohio, Fourth in the Nation
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1190&section=parentinfo, STVM Second Semester Exam Schedule
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=951&section=parentinfo, Please Join Us Monday, May 18, 2015 as we honor and celebrate legendary educators of St. Vincent-St. Mary High School. 
Please respond to Ellen Zegarra 
at ezegarra@stvm.com or 330.253.9113 x152, null, null, null, null, Congrats to our Rocket Team Bravo!, Our Rocket Team BLASTS off to Team America Rocketry Challenge (TARC) in DC! Good luck to our teams competing! #TARC2015

3 of the Top 100 Teams nation-wide are from STVM! We are competing to win $100,000 and a trip to the Paris Air Show! GO IRISH!, Yesterday, STVM held its annual Faculty vs. Student Basketball game.  Among the festivities were a 3-point contest, a dunk contest and a full game.  This event is hosted by Student Council and put on by the Senior Class. 

The Faculty were victorious over the students in the game!, Today, 27 STVM Seniors ceremonially signed their college letters of intent to extend their athletic career in college. Here are our athletes and their colleges of choice:
Vince Lockett: Football, University of Akron 
Sam Yeaton: Football, Butler University 
Sean Devany: Football, Ohio Northern 
Dre'k Brumley: Football, Notre Dame College 
Robbie Unrue: Football, St. Vincent College 
Michael Roberts: Football, Duquesne University 
Jibri Blount: Men's Basketball,  Cleveland State University 
Josh Williams: Men's Basketball, University of Akron 
RJ Jones: Men's Basketball, Ohio Dominican 
Ian Dillard: Baseball, Siena College 
Kevin Oyakawa: Baseball, North Central College 
Brian Horning: Baseball, Ohio Northern
Jason Large: Baseball, John Carroll University 
Chad Kanakkanatt: Men's Soccer, John Carroll University 
Ethan Hagerty: Men's Soccer, Malone 
Leah Rauscher: Women's Soccer, Malone 
Taylor Ceepo: Women's Soccer, Walsh University 
Shea O'Brien: Women's Soccer, University of Akron 
Garrett Carter: Wrestling, St. Catherine's
Bailey Steadman: Softball, Walsh University
Nick Campbell: Track & Cross Country: University of Akron 
Joey Rossetti: Track & Cross Country: University of Akron 
Imani Davis: Track, Cornell University 
Chris Pamer: Cross Country, John Carroll University 
Bryce Patrick: Track & Cross Country, Walsh University 
Austin Patrick: Track & Cross Country, Walsh University, null, You're Invited: STVM Choir Concert TONIGHT, Thursday, May 7th at 7PM in our Theater.  Come and hear our choirs!, Today, seniors show off the colleges they have chosen by wearing apparel with their college or university name on it! 

Among the lucky institutions are:
Cornell University
John Carroll University 
University of Akron 
Kent State University 
Butler University 
Ohio University 
Ohio State University 
Hampden-Sydney College
Walsh University 
University of Dayton
Cleveland State
Duquesne University 

JUST TO NAME A FEW!

GO IRISH! #IrishForever, Last night, STVM Junior Students presented their Social Justice Project to the STVM Community.  We have fostered a partnership between our Religion and Social Studies departments, which encourages teachers to develop joint projects so students can apply their knowledge of social justice concepts to real world problems and concerns. We encourage field trips and in-school presentations related to social justice topics., This Mother's Day, celebrate your mom or a special woman in your life by making a gift in her honor- today is the LAST DAY!
Celebrate your mom, or a special woman in your life, by making a gift in her honor to The Fund for STVM. When you make a gift to STVM through Wednesday, May 6, 2015, STVM will send a Happy Mother's Day card to the special woman of your choosing. The card will be specially designed by an STVM art student, it will wish the special woman a Happy Mother's Day, and will let her know that a gift was made to The Fund for STVM in her honor.
Make your gift by choosing "Mother's Day" in the drop down option of the online giving form, call the STVM Annual Giving Office 330-253-9113 x120, or send your gift through the mail to STVM c/o Mother's Day Gift. Be sure to note who your gift is in honor of, as well as her address, under the Tribute section of the online form.
To ensure that your mother, or special woman, will receive her Mother’s Day card, please make gifts before Wednesday, May 6, 2015.
Make your donation online here: http://www.stvm.com/development/fund_for_stvm.php, It's not goodbye, it's see you later.  

Today we had our Senior Farewell Prayer Service.  This week marks the last week for the STVM Class of 2015. 

To the Class of 2015, thank you- it has been our honor to be your home for the last four years.  GOOD LUCK., Congratulations to STVM Model United Nations team member Robert Mathern on being selected by the All-American Model United Nations Team to compete for the United States of America in August. He will be representing his school, state, and country at the WEMUN Expo in Beijing, China

Robert will be a 1 of 17 delegates on the All-American Model United Nation Team Honors Delegation competing for the United States at the WEMUN EXPO 2015 in Beijing China. This is a conference co-hosted by Harvard, Yale, the University of Pennsylvania, the University of Chicago, Boston University, University of California Berkeley, Cornell University, and Georgetown University.

The 2015 Summer Honor Delegations make up the most competitive and experienced team in the history of the All-­American Model UN Programs. Collectively, its students have attended more than 90 conferences and have won more than 60 individual recognition and awards, spanning the United States. 

Robert Mathern is currently a junior at St. Vincent St. Mary High School in Akron, Ohio. Robert has been involved in Model UN for two years. Robert was awarded Best Delegate at his second conference.  Robert has won awards at every conference he has attended.  Robert prefers Security Council committees. Outside of Model UN, Robert is a member of his school’s TARC Rocket team, as well as a member of the boys’ soccer team and track team.  Robert will also be serving as a delegate to Buckeye Boys State this summer.  Robert is also fluent in Spanish.  

****Qualifications for the All-American Team Honors Delegation:
Students selected to the All-American team should have a consistent performance of excellence, not just in Model United Nations but also academically. We will assess each candidate on an individual basis and not against one another.
·         Students must have at least of two years of competitive Model United Nations experience and participated in at least two conferences.
·         The best candidates will have placed (been awarded a Best Delegate, Outstanding Delegate, or Honorable Mention) in a high percentage of conferences attended.
·         Experience hosting a conference or chairing a Model UN committee looked favorably upon, but not required.
·         Exemplary understanding of parliamentary procedure including: moderated debate, motions and points, resolution writing, and voting procedure.
·         Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
·         Ability to thoroughly research advanced matters of international affairs, both in the present and past.
·         Leadership experience either in Model United Nations or comparable co-curricular activities., This Mother's Day, celebrate your mom or a special woman in your life by making a gift in her honor. 

Celebrate your mom, or a special woman in your life, by making a gift in her honor to The Fund for STVM. When you make a gift to STVM through Wednesday, May 6, 2015, STVM will send a Happy Mother's Day card to the special woman of your choosing. The card will be specially designed by an STVM art student, it will wish the special woman a Happy Mother's Day, and will let her know that a gift was made to The Fund for STVM in her honor. 

Make your gift by choosing "Mother's Day" in the drop down option of the online giving form, call the STVM Annual Giving Office 330-253-9113 x120, or send your gift through the mail to STVM c/o Mother's Day Gift. Be sure to note who your gift is in honor of, as well as her address, under the Tribute section of the online form. 

To ensure that your mother, or special woman, will receive her Mother’s Day card, please make gifts before Wednesday, May 6, 2015.

Make your donation online here: http://www.stvm.com/development/fund_for_stvm.php, null, Students in biology classes explored the organ systems and their functions by dissecting a frog today., Join us Monday, May 18 as we honor and celebrate these legendary educators of STVM and send them off into retirement: Merrylou Windhorst, Maureen Harrigal and Mary Anne Anderson!, This Mother's Day, celebrate your mom or a special woman in your life by making a gift in her honor. Read more here:, Great news regarding STVM Art Students! You can buy their art!, Today we gathered as a Faith Community to celebrate Mass in honor of St. Catherine of Sienna.  A special thank you to Father Damian Ference for joining us today., null, The Leprechaun Theatre Guild's Spring Musical Production of "The Addams Family" begins this Thursday! Do not miss an opportunity to see our Theater Department in action. 

Production info here: http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=752&section=parentinfo, null, Congrats to #STVM Students Griffin Spinner & Ellie Ewing both honored as graduates of the 28th Junior Leadership Akron Program (Class of 2015). 

*pictured is Griffin Spinner., On Friday, April 24th, we held an assembly for our NASA Rocket Team who has blasted off with success over the last few months. They have built their rocket from scratch, using 3D Printer technology and countless hours of brain power and determination.  They will compete in Washington, D.C for National Competition Team America Rocketry Challenge (TARC) May 8-10th. 

Our NASA Rocket Team is truly amazing.  Not only do they build a flying rocket from scratch and compete on the National level with high schools and colleges, they also make full presentations to large companies for sponsorship of their project.  Thank you to their sponsors and everyone involved in making our students the best around in rocketry!  Congrats to Rocket Team Coach, Mr. Bob Engels, who has propelled this program forward.  Thank you Mr. Engels!, Congratulations to STVM Students!
Last night, STVM had three students honored at the Akron Optimist Club Youth Appreciation Awards. Those three students include: Mariah Costa, Sierra Turner, and Jeremy Swords (*pictured left to right).

Mariah Costa also won a $1,500 scholarship!, STVM Baseball Featured in Akron West Side Leader:
http://akron.com/akron-ohio-sports-news.asp?aID=26376, STVM Softball Team Featured in West Side Leader
http://www.akron.com/akron-ohio-sports-news.asp?aID=26375, null, Today, 80 STVM students travel to The University of Akron for Chinese Day!, STVM Baseball will take on Archbishop Hoban at Canal Park this Saturday, April 25th at 10:30am! This year, you will need a ticket to enter.  This ticket is also good for the Akron Rubber Ducks game following our match up.  All tickets are $5.00 and all pre sale tickets sold directly benefit STVM Baseball.  

Buy your tickets NOW in the STVM Athletic Office!, The Leprechaun Theatre Guild is at it again!
STVM Theatre presents their Spring Musical production of: The Addams Family. 

Production times include:
April 30, May 1 and may 2- 7PM
May 3- 2PM
Tickets $10, STVM Alumni, Doran Grant VM11, Parris Campbell VM14, and Dante Booker VM14 were a part of the Ohio State Buckeye National Championship Team who presented President Barack Obama with a jersey yesterday in Washington, DC. Click the link below to watch a full video of the presentation with our President., Alumni Awards Announced!, Thank you to everyone who attended our 29th Annual Showcase last night! A special thank you to everyone who made the night possible., Calling All Class of 2015: All Senior Info Released
Senior Info, Capstone Info and the Senior Calendar has been published to our wesbite.  All seniors received this info before Spring Break. 

Here is the link to all senior info:
http://www.stvm.com/studentlife/senior_informarion.php, null, HEY STVM!
Stop in today at the Highland Square Chipotle in Akron from 5pm-8pm and help support our 2015 Prom.  50% of your purchase will directly benefit our Prom. You must show this flyer either on your smart phone or have a copy of it in hand. 

Here is the address to the Highland Square Chipotle:                    825 W Market St, Akron, OH 44303, It is almost time for the greatest night of the year at STVM!
Saturday, April 18th, we will celebrate our 29th Annual Showcase, Shining Stars. We look forward to celebrating with everyone! 

At Showcase, we will honor the legacy of the Walter Family, who has attended and supported STVM for generations. 

Visit our BidPal page for more on RSVP's, 10K Tickets, and all auction info: https://portal11.bidpal.net/Portal/bpe286724/main/home.html, null, null, null, Thank you to Savannah James for such a wonderful event this afternoon.  Our STVM girls will now have the best Prom dresses in town., Great feature on STVM Assistant Dean of Students and Assistant Football Coach Mark Murphy, who is also a Green Bay Packer Alum.  We love Coach Murph! Green Bay Packers

http://www.packers.com/news-and-events/article-alumni-spotlight/article-1/Mark-Murphy-kind-of-snuck-in-the-back-door/8bcf1bf5-cdf6-4520-8a41-e473506c7c53#start, Get your teams together!, Join us this Saturday for Showcase!
Showcase is our largest fundraiser of the year, come support STVM at Showcase!, Congratulations to the St. Vincent-St. Mary Model United Nations Team for bringing home the gold at the Ohio State University Model United Nations Conference. Winning the Best TEAM Delegation award. Kudos to Jack Kelliher and Matthew Chu for their Best Delegate Awards and to Aaron Kofsky and Robert Mathern for bringing home Outstanding Delegate Awards., STVM rocket on feed right now, One word report from St. Vincent-St. Mary NASA SLI team in Alabama :  

 5,196' !!!!!!

Yes, that is almost a mile up.  Congratulations Rocket Team!, It is launch day! Join us live, starting at 7:30 a.m. at Bragg Farms in Toney, Alabama, or online at #NASA TV or Marshall Ustream. 
http://www.ustream.tv/channel/nasa-msfc, Our STVM NASA SLI team is taking time for dinner and awards at the NASA Student Launch 2015 Banquet in the U.S. Space and Rocket Center Davidson Center for Space Exploration.  Might be hard to listen to the amazing presenters with Saturn V hanging overhead. Closing in on launch day tomorrow.  #Irishinspace #studentlaunch #NASAMarshall, null, Watch our Irish rocketeers launch LIVE!, A few of our St. Vincent-St. Mary NASA SLI Team members at the rocket fair in Huntsville, Alabama., null, It is GO TIME for the St. Vincent-St. Mary NASA Student Launch Team!  They will be launching their rocket in Alabama this weekend as part of the NASA Student Launch Initiative.  It took some hard work during a really cold winter but after their successful test flights they are FLIGHT READY!, $10K Tickets are selling fast! Do not miss your chance to win $10,000! To get your ticket, contact Ellen Zegarra at 330.253.9113 x152 or visit stvm.com today!, Couldn't make it down to South Carolina to follow our Baseball and Softball Teams?
Follow them on Twitter for the most up to date scores and info:
@SOFTBALLSTVM
@STVMBASEBALL, Happy Easter STVM: Christ is Risen, Alleluia!  He is Risen indeed, Alleluia!

"As we celebrate our Lord's Resurrection, may we all experience the resurrection of our own spirits with a renewed sense of love and service. May our lives be a living testimony to the immense and unconditional love that God the Father has for each of us!"
-Mr. Ken McDonald, St. Vincent-St. Mary High School Campus Minister, Good luck to our Baseball and Softball Teams heading to The Cal Ripken Experience in Myrtle Beach, SC over Spring Break! Safe travels! 

Here is more on the tournament they will be participating in: http://www.ripkentournaments.com/myrtlebeach.cfm, From all of us here at STVM, Happy Easter! We would like to wish everyone safe travels during spring break. 

STVM Building Hours During Spring Break:
Friday, April 3: closed
Monday, April 6: closed
Tuesday, April 7: building open 9-3
Wednesday, April 8: building open 9-3
Thursday, April 9: building open 9-3
Friday, April 10: closed
Monday, April 13: classes resume, Today, STVM gathered as a Faith and Family community to witness the 14 Stations of the Cross, hosted by Peer Ministry, under the direction of Mr. Ken McDonald.

In the season of Easter, we wish everyone a time of fruitful joy and prayer as we remember those sacrifices that Jesus Christ made for each and every one of us.  
Here are moments from our time together with God this morning., Congratulations to STVM Junior pitcher, Lexie Handley who broke a school record last night with 18 strike outs. Congrats Lexie!

The Irish won their home opener vs. Garfield 5-0. Way to go girls!, null, Thank you to the 500 private and public 7th grade students who visited STVM today for our annual 7th Grade Visitation Day!  We hope you all enjoyed your time here at STVM and we look forward to seeing you again!, STVM students featured in the West Side Leader for winning the CYO Junior Varsity High School Orange/White Basketball Tournament.
STVM defeated Holy Family 37-35. Way to go boys!

http://akron.com/akron-ohio-sports-news.asp?aID=26095, STVM Students Earn Top Math Honors
Three STVM Students have earned a place to compete at the Ohio High School Mathematics Invitational Olympiad (OHMIO). This honor is equivalent of a State Championship. 

Today we honored these three students by presenting them with Shillelagh Awards.  Our three students honored are Cen Wang, Wenyao Yang, and Michael Rodgers.  They are pictured with faculty representative, Ms. Debbie Patonai. 

Congratulations and good luck!, Our STVM Student Section was a finalist today for the OHSAA Golden Megaphone in Columbus. Way to go students! Congrats to Buckeye Valley for taking home the title!, null, STVM Winter Sports Banquet Info
Winter Sports Banquets begin next week.  See the link for more info:
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1167&section=parentinfo, null, STVM Rocketry Featured in West Side Leader
http://www.akron.com/akron-ohio-community-news.asp?aID=26062, null, Today we gathered as a Faith Community to celebrate in the Eucharist for the Feast of the Annunciation., STVM Students Represent School at District Science Day 

Over 50% of students participating in the District Science Fair this past Saturday will move on to State Science Day at the Ohio State University in May.

This past Saturday, March 21st, the 67th Western Reserve District 5 Science Fair was held at the University of Akron with 315 students competing from Northeastern Ohio. STVM had 26 students judged at the fair and 14 will be moving on to State Science Day in Columbus, on May 16th.  The following students scored a superior which allows them the privilege to move on to States: Freshmen- Rebecca Cabe, Michael Chmura and Jared Musci; Sophomores- Joe Conti, Alex Oliverio and Kelly Tobin; Juniors- Madelyn Angle, Brian Borodkin, Colin Edgley and Patrick Walter; Seniors- Jane Bozsik, Cannon Morgan, Joe Puhalla and Alex Weber.

Several of the students also took home awards for placing in the top of their category and/or winning special sponsored awards that were particular to their area of study.  

• Brian Borodkin won the following awards: 1st  place in chemistry $100, American Chemical Society award $100, Bridgestone America's Tire Operations, LLC award $150, Governor's award in advanced materials science research. 
• Jane Bozsik took 1st  place in biochemistry $100 and won an award from the office of Naval research for $50.
• Joe Conti took 2nd  place in chemistry $75. 
• Alex Heard took 3rd place for polymer science $50 and won the ASM International award $100. 
• Justin Hofacker won an award from the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers $25.
• Jared Musci took 1st  place in zoology $100.
• Joe Puhalla won the ASM International award $100.
• Patrick Walter took 2nd  place in the engineering category $75 and won an award from the American Society for Quality $100.
• Alex Weber won an award from the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers $25.

 Congratulations go out to all the students who participated at Districts.  All 26 students did a wonderful job of representing our school at the district fair.  State Science Day will be held at The Ohio State University on Saturday, May 16th.

**Pictured: Front row: Jane Bozsik, Alex Oliverio, Kelly Tobin, Bryan Borodkin, Rebecca Cabe, Colin Edgley. Missing from photo: Madelyn Angle, Patrick Walter
Back row: Joe Conti, Joe Puhalla, Cannon Morgan, Jared Musci, Michael Chmura, Alex Weber., STVM's Future Medics and American Red Cross to Host Blood Drive: http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1133&section=parentinfo, Congratulations to the Model United Nations Team who traveled to Washington DC for George Washington University's annual Model UN Conference this past weekend. Aaron Kofsky and Robbie Mathern received an Honorable Mention (3rd Place) in the Republican National Committee, Jack Kelliher received a Verbal Commendation in the BP Executive Board, Matthew Chu received a Verbal Commendation in Mao's Cultural Revolution, and Maci Woyat and Bridget Neugebauer received a Verbal Commendation in the Democratic National Committee., null, null, null, Eight members of the STVM Model UN Team are at George Washington University participating in the Washington Area Model United Nations Conference.  The four day conference will include a presentation from keynote speaker,  José Miguel Insulza, the Secretary-General of the Organization of American States. Good Luck STVM MUN  and Go Irish! www.wamunc.com, Congratulations to our St. Vincent-St. Mary Fighting Irish Marching Band and Irish Dancers for winning 2nd place in the Cleveland's St. Patrick's Day Parade. Way to go STVM!, null, Did you miss this year's Fall or Winter Sports Programs? Want to see our school newspaper, the Leprechaun gold, or want to catch up with our Alumni The Connection Magazine?

All STVM past and current publications can be viewed on our website.  Here is the link: http://www.stvm.com/studentlife/publications.php, STVM Student Cheering Section Selected as an OHSAA Golden Megaphone Finalist!, Today, our Marching Band and Irish Dancers took part in the Cleveland St. Patrick's Day Parade.  Here are a few photos from the parade., From all of us here at STVM, Happy St. Patrick's Day! 

In the spirit of St. Patrick, we will send our Fighting Irish to the Cleveland Parade today! The Marching Band and Irish Dancers will participate in the Cleveland Parade. 

Here is a link to to watch your Fighting Irish live: http://www.city.cleveland.oh.us/CityofCleveland/Home/Government/MayorsOffice/tv20/watch, Boys Basketball Brings Home the District Title and Remains UNDEFEATED!
Our boys brought home the District Title Saturday with a win over Buchtel.  They move on to the Regional Semi Final at the Canton Civic this Thursday at 6:15pm vs. Poland Seminary. 

Ticket info: pre-sale tickets for Thursday's Regional Semi Final at the Canton Civic Center are on sale NOW in the Athletic Department. ALL TICKETS ARE $7 and general admission.  Seats are no longer assigned. 

Tickets are on sale now-Thursday, March 19, 9am-3pm all days. Cash and check accepted., STVM Shines at the Northeastern Ohio Science and Engineering Fair

http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1161&section=parentinfo, Today, STVM students attended First Friday Luncheon. STVM Senior, Matt Carlson was the student representative that spoke on behalf of STVM., Today, 15 Irish Dancers and 67 Marching Band members travel to Chicago to take part in the Chicago St. Patrick's Day Parade! Here they are practicing for their big day! 

Here is a quick description of events and stops our students will make:
Friday
3pm Millenium Park
4:15 Navy Pier
5:00pm Bubba Gumps for dinner (at Navy Pier)
7:00pm Blue Man Group -Briar Street Theater -3133 N. Halsted

Saturday
Parade from 9-5pm
7:30 Dinner at Medieval times

Sunday
8:15 Mass at Holy Name Cathedral
10:00am Skydeck at Willis Tower
11:30 lunch at Giordano's Pizza

More info on the parade: http://www.chicagostpatsparade.com/

The Luck of the Irish is all around us! GO IRISH!, Join STVM Environmental Club's 14th Annual River Clean Up!
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1159&section=parentinfo, STVM Students Featured in Akron Beacon Journal for Bridge Building:

http://www.ohio.com/news/local/spans-come-tumbling-down-in-high-school-bridge-building-competition-1.570577, STVM Baseball's Hits for Multiple Sclerosis (MS) Service Project
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1158&section=parentinfo, This morning we sent off our Wrestlers to State Competition in Columbus! Congratulations to the six STVM wrestlers who advanced to Columbus! 

120 - Luke Wymer 
126 - John Chell 
132 - Garrett Carter 
138 - Joe Koontz 
152 - Ben Knaus 
220 - Dre'k Brumley 

Alternates: 
160 - David Heath 
170 - Jaret Lester, Today at 1:35PM tune into 1590 wakr with Jasen Sokol for news from STVM Band Director, Brian Campbell, on our Marching Band and Irish Dancer's upcoming trip to Chicago, Illinois. 

Our students will march in the Chicago St. Patrick's Day Parade!, Pre-sale tickets for the Boys Basketball District Semi-Final contest at the Canton Fieldhouse on Wednesday, March 11th are on sale in the STVM Athletic Department. Tickets will be sold today (3/10) and tomorrow (3/11) from 9am-3pm in the athletic department. 

Pre-sale tickets are $6 for adults and $4 for students. The game is Wed. March 11th vs Marlington at 7PM at the Canton Fieldhouse., St. Vincent-St. Mary “diplomats” bring home top awards at the 2015 CCWA Model United Conference.

The Model United Nations team competed in the 70th Anniversary Notre Dame College Model United Nations Conference hosted by the Cleveland Council on World Affairs Wednesday March 4 & 5. 
There were over 350 high school students from all over Northeastern Ohio competing at this conference and STVM MUN Team came in second place.

The Model United Nations team sent 12 delegates comprising of 6 delegations.
The team consisted of Aaron Kofsky, Matthew Chu, Rachael Steer, Chris Consillio, Maci Woyat, Robert Mathern, Bridget Neugebauer, Dominic Joshua Sciarretti, Alex Weber, Kevin Oyakawa, Jack Kelliher, Jack Meleski , Jacob Nelson, Wayne Yang and Thales Zhang.

The team came out on top with: 
Maci Woyat, Jack Kelliher, Robbie Mathern and Alex Weber winning the Superior Delegation awards.
Chris Consillio, Jabob Nelson, Rachael Steer and Bridget Neugebauer winning the Honorable mention Delegation awards.

Aaron Kofsky and Matthew Chu were named to the Cleveland Council on World affairs Leadership Board by Ambassador Heather Hodges and were all so chosen to Chair at the Conference., STVM Wrestlers Bring Home District Title
Way to go wrestlers!
http://www.ohio.com/sports/high-school/high-school-wrestling-st-v-m-wins-division-ii-district-title-at-alliance-champions-from-hoban-coventry-revere-norton-crestwood-southeast-also-earn-state-tournament-trip-1.572813, On Sunday, our Academic Challenge team travelled to WEWS NewsChannel 5 - Cleveland/Akron/Canton to compete against Buckeye(Medina) and Perkins(Sandusky).  We have to wait for results until the competition airs on June 13th.  Can't wait to watch and cheer on our Irish team., STVM Students Participate in University of Akron Bridge Building Competition
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1152&section=parentinfo, STVM Band and Irish Dancers to Perform in Chicago's St. Patrick's Day Parade 
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1153&section=parentinfo, STVM Athletic Booster Club Night at the Races this weekend! Do not miss out on the fun!, Join us April 18th!, Another successful season of Robotics at STVM has wrapped up.  We now enter NASA Rocket season.  

Here are a few pictures from our Robotics season with STVM teacher/coach, Mr. Bob Engels. These kids work so hard to prepare for competition with each robot!  We are very proud of our Robotics Team!, This afternoon we welcomed back our Cheerleaders from State Competition! 

Our Cheerleaders won the 2015 OASSA State Title in Columbus. Way to go girls!  Here are our girls pictured with their Shillelagh Awards and trophy., St. Vincent-St. Mary High School is proud to announce the Showcase 2015 Honoree: The Legacy of the Walter Family. Please plan to join us on Saturday, April 18 as we celebrate and recognize this remarkable family that has been instrumental in creating the STVM of today!, Congratulations to our 2015 13th Annual Irish Family Car Raffle Winners!
Here are your winners from the Irish Family Car Raffle. The winning tickets were pulled Saturday at the boys basketball game. A special thank you to The Serpentini Family and Serpentini Chevrolet for supplying a car for this event for 13 consecutive years! Also- thank you to Ryan Serpentini VM08 for pulling the winning tickets! All winning tickets were sold by current STVM students!
1st prize: 2015 Chevy Cruze, Mark Foster (husband of Mary VM78, father of Brian VM10, Melissa VM11, and Sara VM18)
2nd prize: TV, Brandi Timberlake (mother of Nate Timberlake VM17). 
3rd prize: $500 in Circle K gas cards, Michele Pertee (sold by Christian Cassidy-Dean VM16)., Local Catholic Schools Team Up on Teen Issues Through Eyes Wide Open Webinar Series: http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1129&section=parentinfo, STVM Senior Imani Davis Inducted into the Les Belles Perles Cotillion

http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1148&section=parentinfo, null, STVM Cheerleaders WIN State!
Congrats to our Cheerleaders who are 2015 OASSA State Champions!!!! Way to go girls!!!, Tonight #STVM paid our official congrats to our STVM Football alumni who are also members of the Ohio State 2014 National Championship Football Team! Here they are with Coach Dan Boarman and OSU QB Cardale Jones!, Congrats to our Bowling Team for advancing in District Tournament!

The LeBron James Family Foundation dropped off good luck cupcakes today for our bowlers!  Two of our STVM Bowlers Ryan Swejk and Mitchell Adamcyzk are pictured enjoying those fabulous cakes! A special thank you to LJFF and good luck to our bowlers as they head to Lorain for a spot at the State tournament., Good luck tonight to our Girls Basketball Team hosting CVCA for the Sectional Final in The LeBron James Arena at 7pm. 

Our girls were featured in the latest edition of the Akron West Side Leader.  Here is the link to the article: 
http://www.akron.com/akron-ohio-sports-news.asp?aID=25830, STVM Wrestlers to Host One Day Sectional Tournament!
Good luck to our Wrestlers hosting the OHSAA Sectional Tournament this Friday, February 27th at 2pm in The LeBron James Arena.  Come down to STVM and cheer our Wrestlers on to victory!, STVM's Chinese International Students celebrated the Chinese New Year with Holy Family students at Holy Family on Monday, February 23!  Here are a few shots from their activities!, Alumni Association Scholarship Application Now Available: http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1145&section=parentinfo, Join STVM in Welcoming Home our National Champion Football Alumni!
On Saturday, February 28, 2015 STVM will welcome home our three Ohio State Buckeyes, Doran Grant VM11, Parris Campbell, Jr. VM14 and Dante "Ohio Mr. Football" Booker VM14.

All three are members of the 2015 National Championship Football Team at Ohio State University Football.  Join us in welcoming home our alumni as we honor them at half time of our Varsity Boys Basketball Game on February 28th.  Tip-off at 7:30pm in The LeBron James Arena.

Saturday we will also be honoring our Boys Basketball, Boys Bowling and Cheerleader seniors as well as pulling the winning tickets for our 13th Annual Irish Family Car Raffle, compliments of Serpentini Chevrolet., Our STVM Students could earn the title "the BEST!"  We are Irish Proud! Our student section will be in full force tomorrow at our home boys basketball game vs. North Canton Hoover.  Help our students by showing your Irish Pride tomorrow! 

Thank you to OHSAA for considering us!, null, Our Boys Basketball Team improves to 20-0 on the season! Our boys are on a roll! way to go boys!


http://highschoolsports.cleveland.com/news/article/-12403154616907280/inside-no-1-st-vincent-st-mary-boys-basketballs-89-76-win-over-no-2-villa-angela-st-joseph-top-plays-stats-reaction-photos-video/, STVM Announces its 2015 Camp Irish Offerings!

Be your best this summer, be with the Irish! St. Vincent-St. Mary High School offers various enrichment and athletic opportunities for grade school boys and girls. Spend your summer shooting rockets with our NASA Student Launch team, hit the hardwood with Coach Dru Joyce in The LeBron James Arena, improv on a stage with Director Neary and the entire Leprechaun Theatre Guild, or learn to throw the perfect spiral with two-time State Championship Coach, Dan Boarman. No matter which camp you pick, spend your summer at STVM. Learn and play with Champions! 

Here is the link to all Summer Camp info: http://www.stvm.com/athletics/summer_camps_online.php, STVM Announces its 2015 Camp Irish Offerings!

Be your best this summer, be with the Irish! St. Vincent-St. Mary High School offers various enrichment and athletic opportunities for grade school boys and girls. Spend your summer shooting rockets with our NASA Student Launch team, hit the hardwood with Coach Dru Joyce in The LeBron James Arena, improv on a stage with Director Neary and the entire Leprechaun Theatre Guild, or learn to throw the perfect spiral with two-time State Championship Coach, Dan Boarman. No matter which camp you pick, spend your summer at STVM. Learn and play with Champions! 

Here is the link to all Summer Camp info: http://www.stvm.com/athletics/summer_camps_online.php, Join our STVM Athletic Booster Club for Night at the Races!, Our NASA Student Launch Rocket Team made a presentation today to professionals at Bridgestone showcasing their plans for the upcoming Student Launch.  Our team was presented a $1,000 check from Steven Charles, VP Product Development at Bridgestone.

Thank you to Bridgestone for their generosity in funding as well as sharing their talents with our team., null, Our Boys Basketball team remains undefeated at 19-0 with the win over Walsh Jesuit in front of a sell out crowd! Way to go boys!


http://www.ohio.com/sports/high-school/high-school-boys-basketball-st-vincent-st-mary-66-walsh-jesuit-59-irish-top-warriors-in-meeting-of-undefeated-teams-1.567705, ALL TICKETS FOR THE BOYS BASKETBALL GAME AT  VASJ ON SATURDAY, FEB. 21ST ARE SOLD OUT!, A deal... is a deal.., The Clean Water Project:
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1140&section=parentinfo, "If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more, and become more, you are a leader." -John Quincy Adams

Happy President's Day 2015, STVM will be closed tomorrow, Friday, February 13th due to dangerous windchill forecast. Please be safe., STVM NASA Rocket Team featured in ECN, a web-based magazine for electronic design engineers. Our NASA Rocket Team uses 3-D printers to make rockets and other materials. Here is more on their journey:

http://www.ecnmag.com/news/2015/02/students-3d-print-rocket-nasa-contest, CONGRATS WRESTLERS! 
STVM Wrestlers Head to OHSAA State Duals: http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1137&section=parentinfo, The annual STVM student poster contest is underway. This year's theme is "Building a Faith Community." Posters are due in by February 20th and winners will be announced on February 27th. Last year's winning posters are hanging up on bulletin boards around the school., There will be a meeting regarding information about the Senior Capstone Experience for all parents of seniors tonight Wednesday, February 11 at 6:00 pm in room 256. Mrs. Beth Dolan, coordinator of the experience, will explain the project and answer questions. 

Please contact Beth Dolan for more information: bdolan@stvm.com, STVM Hosts Another Successful Science Fair
The STVM Science Fair was a success this year.  It was held Tuesday, February 10th in the Cosgrove Center from 4:00-7:00pm.  There were 70 students who participated in the fair this year. The following  30 students achieved a rating of Superior and are eligible to move on to Districts at The University of Akron, which will be held on Saturday, March 21st: Freshmen: Rebecca Cabe, Michael Chmura, Lucy Katcher, Alena Miskinis, Jared Musci, Sean O'Brien, Emily Powell and Liam Squire; Sophomores: Joe Conti, Isabella Difeo, Jacob Nelson, Alex Oliverio, Varney Pelima, Jane Rybka, Kelly Tobin, Abigail Volk, Rosalind Yin; Juniors: Madelyn Angle, Bryan Borodkin, Colin Edgley, Alex Heard, Justin Hofacker, Patrick Walter and Danielle Whiddon; Seniors: Jane Bozsik, Jack Mileski, Cannon Morgan, Joe Puhalla, Sierra Turner and Alex Weber.
There were also top winners in three different categories.  First place winners received $60 in gift cards, 2nd place winners received $40 in gift cards and 3rd place winners received $20 in gift cards.
The winners are as follows: 
Chemistry - 1st-Bryan Borodkin ,  2nd- Joe Conti,  3rd- Abigail Volk
Physics and Engineering - 1st- Jack Mileski, 2nd – Alex Weber
Biology and Environmental- 1st- Jane Bozsik, 2nd- Liam Squire, 3rd- Michael Chmura

 The science department would like to thank everyone for making this event a success.  Thanks to all the students who participated and to all the parents who showed their support. After all the hard work these students put into their science inquiry projects it was wonderful for them to have a chance to showcase their work. We would also like to thank all of the judges who came out and volunteered their time and knowledge.  Without them the fair would not be possible.
 Again, congratulations to all of those students moving on to Districts and making it one step closer to State Science Day down in Columbus.

 In addition to the District Fair at The University of Akron, there are also two prestigious fairs that students from our school have been selected to attend.  The first is The Northeast Ohio Science and Engineering Fair held at Cleveland State University during the week of March 9th. Judging will take place on Tuesday, March 10th and an awards banquet will be held on Thursday, March 12th at Cleveland State. The following 12 students will be participating: Bryan Borodkin, Jane Bozsik, Joe Conti, Mariah Costa, Alex Heard, Jack Mileski, Cannon Morgan, Alex Oliverio, Joe Puhalla, Sierra Turner, Patrick Walter and Alex Weber. The second other fair is the Austen Bionnovation Institute’s Best Medicine Fair. To be held on Saturday, March 14th at the Inventors Hall of Fame STEM School.  The following 13 students were selected to participate in this fair: Bryan Borodkin, Jane Bozsik, Leah Cavanaugh, Joe Conti, Mariah Costa, Alex Heard, Jack Mileski, Alex Oliverio, Natalie Petit, Joe Puhalla, Sierra Turner, Patrick Walter and Alex Weber.  Congratulations to all and good luck in the upcoming competitions., ACT Prep Class To Be Offered at STVM http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1135&section=parentinfo, STVM Teams Up With Red Cross to Host Blood Drive
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1133&section=parentinfo, Service is a big part of how St. Vincent-St. Mary students "Be their Best".  Senior Madi Connell is living the gospel this week in the village of Mizata in El Salvador.  Madi is building houses with the mission team from Serving Christ Through His Poor https://www.facebook.com/ThroughHisPoor. Madi's last count was 1200 bricks carried and many new friends.  Go Madi! Go Irish!, Congratulations to our competition Cheer team who qualified for OASSA States on Sunday! They are off to State Competition!, Congratulations to our Mock Trial Teams for their performance at the Summit District Competition on Friday, January 30. Our Gold Team will be advancing to regional competition on February 20.  The Gold Team consists of seniors Jane Bozsik, AnnMarie Costigan,Jack Kelliher, and Maci Woyat; juniors Bryan Borodkin, Ariana Davis, and Ellie Ewing; and sophomore Nando Zegarra.  The STVM Green Team consists of sophomores Skylar Roberts and Juliana Stierl and freshmen Alex Albanese, Mikey Dianetti, Bella Hagey, Olivia Janolo, Cydnee Livingston, Gia Maglione,and  Elaina Mendiola.
Earning "Best Attorney" awards at the district competition were freshman Cydnee  Livingston , junior Ellie Ewing and senior Jack Kelliher.  Earning "Best Witness Awards” were freshmen Bella Hagey and Olivia Janolo and senior Annmarie Costigan. 

The team is coached by Summit County Court of Common Pleas Judges Amy Corrigall-Jones (VM93) and Christine Croce.  Team advisors are teachers Pam Godshalk and Michael Maley., Congratulations to our Wrestlers! Regional Team Duals Champions and going to Team States next weekend in Columbus!, Four STVM Students Sign National Letters of Intent 

Four STVM Seniors signed National Letters of Intent today to further their academic and athletic careers in college. Today, February 4, 2015 is National Signing Day for Football and Soccer.
Here is a listing of our student athletes:
Taylor Ceepo: Walsh University, Women's Soccer
Shea O'Brien: University of Akron, Women's Soccer 
Leah Rauscher: Malone University, Women's Soccer 
Sammy Yeaton: Butler University, Football

Congratulations to our seniors!, Last night, our Boys Basketball Team defeated Archbishop Hoban and remain undefeated! Way to go boys!

http://www.ohio.com/sports/high-school/boys-basketball-st-vincent-st-mary-61-hoban-47-knights-impress-but-irish-remain-undefeated-1.564102, Good luck tonight to our Boys Basketball team hosting Archbishop Hoban in the LeBron James Arena. JV will tip off at 6PM and Varsity at 7:30PM.    

Tickets are still available today for purchase until 3pm in the STVM Bookstore. Pre sale prices: Adults $6 and Students $4.  All tickets left at 3pm will be sold at the gate tonight. 

*Photo credit to Cleveland.com, Local Catholic Schools Team Up on Teen Issues Through Eyes Wide Open Webinar Series: http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1129&section=parentinfo, Due to anticipated weather conditions, #STVM will be closed tomorrow, Monday, Feb. 2nd. Please be safe., Congratulations to Sandra Pianalto V72 featured in the University of Akron Achieve! Super Bowl commercial. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V2eccxA5TvA, Congrats to our Mock Trial Varsity Gold Trial Team advancing to Regional Competition! Congrats to all of our students receiving "Best" Awards today! It's a great day to be Irish!, We put an end to Catholic Schools Week by welcoming home 80 STVM seniors from Kairos 24! We cannot think of a better way to wrap up such an exciting week for all Catholic Schools.  These 80 classmates bonded together over a four day period in ways that only they will remember.  

The mission of the Kairos Retreat experience is to create an environment away, a moment in "God's time", in which participants may be awakened to the ever-present love of God and come to an awareness of "God in all things." Kairos is a retreat for our senior students. 

Welcome home! Live the Fourth!, In honor of Catholic Schools Week, here is some great alumni news!, STVM Music Students Excel at the Ohio Music Education Association District VI Solo and Ensemble Adjudicated Event http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1128&section=parentinfo, Our Boys Basketball Team is on a roll, 14-0 and ranked #4 in the Nation! Here is more on their win on the road over Warrensville Heights Tuesday night. 
http://highschoolsports.cleveland.com/news/article/8991371050598989324/inside-no-1-st-vincent-st-mary-boys-basketballs-68-58-win-against-no-16-warrensville-heights-top-plays-stats-reaction-video/, null, STVM NASA Rocket Team Continues to Soar! 
NASA Selects STVM as One of Eight Teams in the United States to Participate in its 2014-2015 Student Launch Challenge!
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1127&section=parentinfo, Pre sale tickets for next week's boys basketball contest on Tuesday, February 3rd at STVM vs. Archbishop Hoban are on sale now in the STVM bookstore. Adults $6 and students $4.  All STVM students must purchase a ticket for this game. Limit 4 per purchase., STVM Parents' Club to Host Its Annual "Parents Night Out" to Help Support After Prom

Event is this FRIDAY!: 
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1123&section=parentinfo, Tonight, 75 STVM seniors will join together to depart of Kairos 24.  Please add them to your list of prayers for the week as they bind together in Faith and Prayer. 

Kairos is a retreat for our seniors grounded in Christian incarnation theology. It is an experience of Christian community, with a series of talks given by peers and adults. God's love is visible and enfleshed. It was so in the person of Jesus, the Son of God. We find it so in one another. The mission of the Kairos Retreat experience is to create an environment away, a moment in "God's time", in which participants may be awakened to the ever-present love of God and come to an awareness of "God in all things."

Did you know... all Market Day proceeds directly benefit our Kairos Retreat Program!

Here is more on Kairos: http://www.stvm.com/studentlife/kairos.php, Happy Catholic Schools Week!
From all of us here at STVM, we would like to wish all Catholic Schools a week full of blessings. 

National Catholic Schools Week is the annual celebration of Catholic education in the United States. It starts the last Sunday in January and runs all week, which in 2015 is January 25 - 31. The theme for the National Catholic Schools Week 2015 is “Catholic Schools: Communities of Faith, Knowledge and Service.” 

Here is more on National Catholic Schools Week: http://www.ncea.org/our-services/catholic-schools-week, STVM Family & Memorial Scholarship Application for Current Students Now Available
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1125&section=parentinfo, Check out STVM Senior basketball player, Josh Williams on the Ray Horner Show 1590 wakr.  Josh is featured as Student of the Week.

http://wakr.net/personalities/ray-horner-show/student-athlete/item/158034-audio-student-athlete-of-the-week, Let's go IRISH NATION- Let's beat Walsh Jesuit!, null, A group of STVM students helped serve and clean up dinner at Haven of Rest last night for over 150 people! Students go to Haven of Rest every 3rd Wednesday of the month to volunteer. If you are interested in volunteering, please contact Miss Emily Buehrle in the guidance department, ebuehrle@stvm.com., STVM Parents' Club to Host Its Annual "Parents Night Out" to Help Support After Prom

http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1123&section=parentinfo, Senior Capstone Experience Parent Meeting http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1122&section=parentinfo, null, Today we gathered together to share Mass as a family faith community. Today's Mass was in honor to St. Brigid., Three days left to accept the challenge!, Senior College Financial Aid meeting is Tonight at 7pm in Room 256. All seniors and parents are encouraged to attend!, Pre sale tickets for Saturday's Boys Basketball game at Dayton Dunbar are on sale now in the STVM Athletic Office. The tickets will be $6 for adults and $4 for students. Children 5 and under will be admitted for free. These tickets will be on sale today and Friday only. Only cash or check will be accepted., STVM Senior Kate Friess Featured in Akron Life Magazine as a Star Student 
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1119&section=parentinfo, There is still time to GIVE! Help us beat Walsh Jesuit! We need your help young alums!, Congratulations to our 13 STVM student athletes who were honored at the 2014 Fall Akron Touchdown Club Awards Ceremony., Congratulations to Doran Grant VM11, Dante Booker VM14, and Parris Campbell VM14 on their CFB National Championship!

http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1117&section=parentinfo, Good luck this week to our students and teachers on final semester exams!, VOTE FOR STVM!
STVM Boys Basketball is up for Best Basketball Program in the State! Vote for Coach Dru and our boys here: http://contest.usatodayhss.com/vote/boys-basketball-2015/round-1/oh/7433?votedfor=D&success=1, Students: this week's exam schedule has not changed.  Please follow the link for more info: http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=951&section=parentinfo, Tonight the Ohio State University Football and Oregon Ducks will compete for the 2015 College Football Playoff Championship. 

STVM is well represented! Congrats and good luck to our 3 STVM alumni playing in the College Football National Championship tonight for the Ohio State Buckeyes! Pictured from left to right are: Parris Campbell VM14, Doran Grant VM11 and Dante Booker VM14. 

You make us so proud boys! GO BUCKS & GO IRISH!, Due to weather and road conditions, STVM is closed today, January 12th. Please stay safe., Congratulations to our 2015 Athletic Hall of Fame Inductees. 

Here are your inductees pictured from left to right:
Michael Kirk VM83
Paul Maudru M53
Frank Jessie V65
Michele Huff Jagoadzinski VM89
Marcus Johnson VM06
Mike Sullivan V53
Tom Hillery V51 (pictured is his son, Jim)
Lou Maglione V58, Tomorrow, Saturday, January 10th is a big night for our Fighting Irish Fans! 
Tomorrow night at half time of our Boys Basketball game vs. Mansfield Senior, our Athletic Booster Club will induct our newly installed members of the STVM 2015 Athletic Hall of Fame.  Varsity to tip off at 7:30PM in the LeBron James Arena, with induction ceremony at half time.

Calling all future Fighting Irish Fans! 
Tomorrow night is also our Boys Basketball CYO Night. All CYO  coaches and athletes are for free when wearing their CYO jersey. We hope to see you there!, Hey ALUMNI! There is still time to GIVE to the GOLD CHALLENGE! See more on the alumni page and give!, ST. VINCENT-ST. MARY HIGH SCHOOL LOCAL SCIENCE DAY 
SET FOR 02/10/2015

The Ohio Academy of Science and St. Vincent-St. Mary High school are announcing that the St. Vincent-St. Mary Local Science Fair will be held on Tuesday, February 10, 2015. Participating students from all science courses and levels will be showcasing their Science Inquiry Project at the fair.  Judging of the projects will take place at the              St. Vincent- St. Mary Cosgrove Center from 4:00-6:00pm. The projects may be viewed by the public from 3:00- 4:00pm and from 6:00- 7:00pm.  Project boards earning a superior rating will also be displayed in the LRC through Friday, February 13, 2015. The awards ceremony will be held at 6:30pm in the Cosgrove Center on the day of the fair. 

Projects will be represented in one of the following categories: Biology, Chemistry, Earth Science and Physical Science.  All projects will be judged and awards will be rewarded to the top inquiry projects in each category.    
Superior rated students from St. Vincent- St. Mary’s local science fair will attend the 66th Western Reserve District 5 Science day at The University of Akron on Saturday, March 21, 2015, an event also sponsored by The Ohio Academy of Science. 

Selected student projects will also be entered into the Intel Northeast Ohio Science and Engineering Fair to be held March 9-12, 2015 at Cleveland State University and the ABIA Best Medicine Fair Saturday, March 14, 2015 at the National Inventors’ Hall of Fame® School in Akron, Ohio.

If you have a background in science or engineering and are interested in judging at the local STVM fair please contact Brain Lawson at blawson@stvm.com., Due to anticipated weather conditions, STVM will be closed tomorrow, January 8th. Please be safe., St. Vincent-St. Mary High School will be closed tomorrow, Thursday, January 8th due to the predicted extreme weather conditions., Way to go Boys! Last night, our Boys Basketball Team picked up another win vs. Cleveland Central Catholic! 
http://highschoolsports.cleveland.com/news/article/8875345678710745459/no-3-st-vincent-st-mary-boys-basketball-earns-78-69-win-over-no-2-central-catholic-instant-game-story/, Elevate Your Genius at Goodyear's STEM Career Day on Saturday, April 18
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1113&section=parentinfo, null, Looking for Lunch on Thursday? Trying to plan dinner for Thursday night?  
We have a great suggestion for a delicious dinner while helping to enrich the spiritual experience for students at STVM.  This Thursday, January 8th, the Applebee's in Montrose will donate 15% of all STVM/Applebees sales to the STVM Kairos program.  STVM Supporters simply bring the attached flyer for their dine in or carry out meal, and Applebees will donate 15% of your total to STVM. 

Want to learn more about our Kairos program?  Find out more here: http://www.stvm.com/studentlife/kairos.php, Pre-sale tickets for tomorrow's boys basketball contest at Cleveland Central Catholic are ON SALE NOW in the STVM bookstore. We have an allotment of 400 pre-sale tickets for this game, which is expected to sell out. Pre-sale tickets are $5 for students and $7 for adults. Please purchase your tickets in advance, as it is very likely that no tickets will be sold at the door tomorrow night.

Ticket Sale Hours
Monday 1/5: Until 1:30pm in the bookstore and 1:30-3:30 in the athletic office
Tuesday 1/6; 10:30am - 3:00pm in the bookstore, First Semester Exam Schedule: http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=951&section=parentinfo, null, Presale tickets for Wednesday's (12/31/14) boys basketball contest at St. Ignatius are now available online through St. Ignatius.  Here is the link:
http://www7.ticketingcentral.com/V2/Quantity.aspx?t=D272DD338D1F1652CD970B8&og=-1, GO BUCKS! GO IRISH! Ohio State Football Captain Doran Grant VM11 featured in Akron Beacon Journal., News from Delaware:
Our Boys Basketball Team is currently competing in Delaware.  They had a BIG WIN last night.  Here is more: 
http://highschoolsports.cleveland.com/news/article/2875327678764745554/jibri-blount-josh-williams-lead-no-5-st-vincent-st-mary-boys-basketball-to-77-58-win-against-salesianum-school/, Calling all CYO youth athletes! Join STVM for one of our boys or girls CYO nights at a basketball game!, From all of us here at STVM, we would like to wish our staff, students, parents, families and friends a blessed and safe Merry Christmas! Thank you for all that you continually do for our school. 

Christmas Break Building Hours: http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1110&section=parentinfo, STVM Boys Basketball Head Coach, Coach Dru Joyce is considered a "hero" and shoe designed in his honor by LeBron James VM03.  


http://www.cleveland.com/cavs/index.ssf/2014/12/lebron_james_to_wear_nike_shoe.html, STVM to Host Inaugural LeBron James Classic
Tickets may ONLY be purchased at the ticket gate each day.  NO PRE SALE TICKETS AVAILABLE.  More info and ticket info here: 
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1097&section=parentinfo, Which alumni will win? STVM or Walsh? Come on STVM.... let's win!, On Thursday, December 11th, the STVM Advancement Team hosted Irish Voices Speaker Series.  STVM legends gathered together to talk about three things: Faith, Family and Football.  Their common link  you may think is Football, but they all share a genuine love for St. Vincent-St. Mary High School. 

Coach Dan Boarman, STVM Head Football Coach and a St. Vincent 1970 graduate, addressed the crowd first about his affinity for the place we all call home, STVM.  He spoke about the life lessons one man taught him during high school and that he is now instilling those every day at his own practices.  

Coach Gerry Faust spoke next on following your dreams and the importance of a faith based foundation in athletics.  He also spoke about one man who he got recruits from during his time at Notre Dame and The University of Akron.  

This one man is they both speak about is special.  His presence is still vibrant around Green Street Stadium as if he never left. "I am just a caretaker", spoke Dan Boarman in regards to his program.  This man is Coach John Cistone.   Thank you Coach Cistone for your time, talents and treasures.  You are our family, our coach, and our mentor. 

Stay tuned for more info on our next Irish Voices event.  Enjoy the pictures!, STVM Band Students Perform in 43rd Annual Ohio Band Directors Conference Honor Band
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1108&section=parentinfo, null, The LRC is ready for Christmas! Foreign Language Clubs decorate Christmas trees in an authentic way, here are their trees!, We're taking on Walsh Jesuit High School Alumni in The Gold Challenge! Classes 2000-2014 will go head to head to see who has the most school pride. 
The school with the highest percentage of alumni that donate to their Annual Fund until Friday, January 23rd will be the champion of The Gold Challenge.

Visit www.give2gold.com to learn more and hear from current students why their school is the best. GO IRISH!!!!!!, Girls basketball: St. Vincent-St.Mary tops Walsh Jesuit 64-57
Way to go girls!

http://www.ohio.com/sports/high-school/girls-basketball-st-vincent-st-mary-tops-walsh-jesuit-64-57-1.548730, The STVM Choir extends an invitation:  
Christmas Choir Concert on Thursday, December 11th at 7pm in the theater.  You will hear a variety of Christmas songs, as well as a medley from "Frozen." It will feature our Concert & Symphonic Choirs, Women's Ensemble,  Dance Troupe, Sign Team & Show Choir.  There are no tickets but donations will be accepted at the door.  
Hope to see you there!, Today we welcome 5 shadows from the following schools: Litchfield, St. Hilary, St. Mary & Colonial Prep Academy.                                              We hope you all enjoy your day! GO IRISH!, Marching Band and Irish Dancer Holiday Bake Sale:
Delicious, homemade, holiday cookies will be available for those attending the basketball games on Friday, December 12, and open to the general public on December 13th, from 9:00 a.m to 1:00 p.m. Proceeds benefit the Fighting Irish Marching Band and Irish Dancers, and will help defray the cost of their recently announced trip to Chicago to march in the St. Patrick's Day parade., STVM Model UN Diplomats Bring Home Top Awards at CCWA Conference
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1102&section=parentinfo, JOIN THE STVM BOOSTER CLUB for our annual Booster Club Christmas Party!

Food and Beverages provided.
Date: Thursday, December 11th
Location: Eddie Wentz Room at Green Street Stadium
Time: 6:30pm, STVM Kicks Off 30th Year for Its Adopt-a-Family Program

http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1103&section=parentinfo, Today we welcome 8 shadows from the following grade schools: 
St. Vincent 
Akros
St. Sebastian 
Litchfield
St. Anthony
Springfield

We hope you all enjoy your day! GO IRISH!, Congratulations to our Model UN team, receiving: 3 gavels, 1 Superior, 2 Excellent, & 1 Honorable Mention awards at their conference this week!  We are so proud of you!  Way to go students and Coach Ruby Kofsky!, Our St. Vincent-St. Mary Fighting Irish Cheerleaders and Irish Dancers lent their Irish spirit to the KNR 2nd Annual Coats and Cans for Kids Turkey giveaway.  Our Fighting Irish Marching Band and Football team also pitched in.  All in all it was an Irish kick off to the Advent season., Our NASA Student Launch team sees the future in today's Orion launch.  Maybe one of our students will be in the pilot seat as Orion carries passengers to Mars.  Go Orion!, Calling all Future Irish Family Members!
This Saturday is your last chance to take our PLACEMENT ONLY test for all 8th graders.  Please RSVP at the link below.  
http://www.stvm.com/admissions/placement_tests.php, Advent: A Time of Preparation

In the Catholic Church, Advent is a period of preparation, extending over four Sundays, before Christmas. This year Advent began on Sunday, November 30. 

The word Advent comes from the Latin advenio, "to come to," and refers to the coming of Christ. This refers, first of all, to our celebration of Christ's birth at Christmas; but second, to the coming of Christ in our lives through grace and the Sacrament of the Holy Eucharist and finally, to His Second Coming at the end of time. 

As a school community we will begin the season of Advent with a Reconciliation Service on Dec. 3. Seven priests will be here at STVM to provide the opportunity for confession., Today we welcome six shadows from the following grade schools:
Middlebury Academy, St. Augustine, East CLC, Akros, St. Paul & Miller South.

We hope you all enjoy your day here at STVM! Go Irish!, STVM to Host Inaugural LeBron James Classic: http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1097&section=parentinfo, It's Giving Tuesday! 
http://www.stvm.com/development/donate_online.php, Who will win the race in alumni giving? Walsh Jesuit or STVM?? Check out more info on the Gold Challenge here: http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1094&section=parentinfo, From everyone here at STVM, Happy Thanksgiving to you and yours!

STVM will be closed for Thanksgiving break from Wednesday, November 26th through Monday, December 1st.  The building will resume normal building hours on Tuesday, December 2nd., Kisling, Nestico & Redick, LLC is giving away 1,000 turkeys today in partnership with WOIO Channel 19.  Our students will be helping to collect cans, distribute turkeys, and entertain the crowd!  A few STVM Irish Dancers stopped by the KNR offices today to speak with Beth McLeod during the noon broadcast today! Stop by the KNR offices in Fairlawn or tune in to channel 19 between 4:00-6:30 today to see our Irish Dancers, Marching Band, Cheerleaders, and Football Players at KNR helping to serve our community!, Spend your Thanksgiving morning at Green Street Stadium!, Today we welcome 15 shadows from the following grade schools:
Akros
Barberton
Emmanuel Christian 
Holy Family
Kimpton
Litchfield
NIHF-STEM
St. Hilary
St. Patrick
St. Sebastian 

We hope you all enjoy your day here at STVM!, STVM Football Team Stuns Hubbard In Final Minutes to Win Third Straight Regional Championship 
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1095&section=parentinfo, Do not miss your opportunity to catch a showing of our play production "A Christmas Carol".  Today we welcomed local grade schools as they came and viewed a performance.  Here is more on production times and ticket info: http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=752&section=parentinfo, STVM Ranked at #32 in the 2015 Niche Rankings for Top 100 Best Private High Schools in Ohio:

https://k12.niche.com/rankings/private-high-schools/best-overall/s/ohio/?social=utm_medium%3Dsocial&utm_source=facebook&utm_campaign=RankingsList&utm_term=RLP, STVM and Walsh Jesuit are challenging their alumni.  Who will bring home the Alumni Bell for giving?  Which school, STVM or Walsh Jesuit, will have the highest percentage of alumni giving? Stay tuned..., Today we welcome 16 shadows from the following grade schools:
Revere Middle School 
Akros
St. Mary
St. Anthony
Holy Family
Arlington Christian Academy 
Bolich Middle School

We hope you all enjoy your day! Go Irish!, null, St. Vincent-St. Mary vs. Hubbard Region 7 Championship Football Game Information
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1084&section=parentinfo, Catholic Charities Awards STVM Student Joe Paolucci

http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1093&section=parentinfo, Cleveland Council on World Affairs Recognizes STVM Model United Nations

http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1092&section=parentinfo, Despite Saturday morning's cold temperatures, more than 120 students from St Vincent-St Mary High School came out to clean the streets of Akron.

With the support of Keep Akron Beautiful who supplied tools and garbage bags, and Rubber City Arches who provided breakfast at McDonald's for all involved, STVM students took to the streets to pick up litter. 
The students picked up items such as tires, car parts, personal items, and  other garbage from a stretch of West Market  Street between McDonald's at 400 West Market Street and the STVM campus.  The students also swept broken glass from several areas on the sidewalk - just in time before the snow fell Monday.

When presenting this service opportunity, we were hoping that 20 -30 students would volunteer to help.  We were proud to see such a large number turn out in the frigid weather.

The STVM students take great pride in their school and with Saturday's efforts,  it is obvious they take great pride in our campus and in the Greater Akron community!, Today we welcome five shadows from the following grade schools:
Litchfield
Akros
St. Augustine
St. Francis de Sales
Copley

We hope you all enjoy your day! Be Your Best... BE IRISH!, Parent Survey in Progress
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1091&section=parentinfo, Today we welcome 22 shadows from the following schools:

St. Sebastian, Miller South, St. Augustine, St. Anthony, St. Francis Xavier, Holy Family, St. Mary, IHM, Kimpton Middle School, Sacred Heart, St. Joseph, Litchfield, Our Lady of the Elms, St. Columbkille, St. Hilary and Maple Grove.
 
We hope you all enjoy your day! Go Irish!, Calling all Future Irish Fans!
Tomorrow is the LAST opportunity for 8th graders to qualify for placement and scholarships for the STVM Admissions placement test. 

Here is more info on our admissions page: http://www.stvm.com/admissions/placement_tests.php, STVM Teams Up With Keep Akron Beautiful and Rubber City Arches to Help Clean Up Akron

http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1090&section=parentinfo, null, We are so proud of our Senior Basketball Athletes signing Division I College Scholarships yesterday on National Signing Day!  Way to go Jibri and Josh! 
http://www.wkyc.com/story/news/local/northeast-ohio/2014/11/12/two-svsm-basketball-players-sign-with-csu-uofa/18925289/, null, Today we welcome two shadows from the following grade schools:
Middlebury Academy 
St. Hilary 

We hope you all enjoy your day! Go Irish!, Look who joined us at Career Connections this morning!, STVM Annual Canned Food Drive Underway
It's that time again! STVM's Annual Canned Food Drive is underway and homerooms have been challenged.  Students and faculty- bring in as many as you can! 

Deadline for cans is Tuesday, November 18th.  Tuesday, November 18th will also be a spirit day.  $2 or 4 canned food items to dress down.  All money raised will directly benefit our canned food drive.  

Classes have been assigned the following products:
Seniors- corn muffin mix, canned pumpkin, peanut butter, chunky soup
Juniors- stuffing mix, pie crust mix, canned ravoli, canned meat
Sophomores- boxed potatoes, evaporated milk, pasta, canned chili
Freshmen- canned fruit, canned sweet potatoes, cranberry sauce, canned pasta sauce (or plastic jars), Today we welcome four shadows from the following grade schools: Sacred Heart
IHM
Jennings 
Miller South

We hope you all enjoy your day!, STVM vs. Poland Seminary Regional Semi-Final Game Information: 

Don't forget to pick up your 2014 Playoff T-Shirts in the Bookstore when you buy your tickets! 

http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1084&section=parentinfo, Thank you to all who have served.  We are eternally grateful!, Stop into the Bookstore and pick up your 2014 Football Playoff T-Shirts while you can!  Shirts are $10 each and one of a kind.

Friday, STVM Football takes on Poland Seminary at Uniontown Lake High School at 7:30pm.  More info on tickets to come., Congratulations to STVM Senior Matthew Chu for being selected for the 2014 United America U.S. Honor Delegation.

Matthew is one of twelve students selected by All-American Model United Nations Program.
 
Matthew will be competing November 25-November 30 in Budapest, Hungary.

The United America Delegation is one such opportunity. Students selected to this honor delegation will participate in the Yale Model
Government Europe conference, with 300 participants from around the world.

Here is more on this one of a kind opportunity from the All-American Model UN website:
http://allamericanmun.com/ymge2014/team/, Today we welcome 12 grade school shadows from the following schools:
Miller South
Summit Christian 
St. Mary
Innes 
St. Vincent 
St. Sebastian 
Coventry 
St. Francis Xavier 
Old Trail 
Manchester 

We hope you all enjoy your day!, Thank you to the Akron Police Department for coming to school today and educating our students on the importance of using your cell phone wisely., Today we welcome 25 shadows from the following grade schools:
St. Hilary, St. Vincent, IHM, St. Francis Xavier, St. Matthew, Holy Family, St. Sebastian, St. Francis de Sales, St. Joseph and Akros.

We hope you all enjoy your day.  GO IRISH!, STVM to Host Career Connections Fair on Wednesday, November 12 in Jack & Ann Haag Student Center

The STVM Career Connections Fair will be taking place next Wednesday in the Jack & Ann Haag Student Center from 7:30-9:30 AM. Every junior and senior will be able to meet with over 80 professionals from all different fields and ask them questions about their career field. This is a great way for the students to gain knowledge on a career of interest, as well as gain new knowledge about other career fields. If you have any questions about this event, please feel free to email or call Nikki Kanakkanatt at nkanakkanatt@stvm.com.

Want to be a mentor? Know anyone who would be a good mentor? Find out more info here: http://www.stvm.com/development/career_connections.php, Creativity Comes Alive in the STVM Art Room 
Here's a glimpse at what our future artists are doing down in the Art Room with Mrs. L.  

Our Art Room has seen many improvements in the past year.  Brand new art tables have been installed, lighting and art work displays have been hung, as well as the addition of our Apple Mac Computer Lab for Photography and Design., Don't miss out of The Leprechaun Theatre Guild's production of "A Christmas Carol."  Opening night is this Thursday! 

http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=752&section=parentinfo, Way to go Mark Murphy VM11!, Today we welcome 5 shadows from the following grade schools: St. Sebastian, Roswell Kent, St. Matthew and Akros Middle.  We hope you all enjoy your day!, Calling All Future Irish Fans!
Join us tonight for our Admissions Open House from 6:30-8:00pm.  Meet teachers, administration, take a tour of our campus, talk to coaches, and meet our students.  It's all here!

Enter our main doors on Maple Street. RSVP not required but greatly appreciated.  
http://www.stvm.com/admissions/open_house.php, STVM Football to Host OHSAA Regional Quarter-Final
St. Vincent-St. Mary Fighting Irish vs Chardon Hilltoppers
Friday November 7th, 7:30pm
Green Street Stadium - John Cistone Field

Pre-sale tickets: $8.00
Game day Admission: $9.00

*All spectators must have a ticket and no passes of any kind are accepted, i.e STVM student and faculty passes will not be accepted
*There are no senior citizen discounts
*Children 6 and under will be admitted for free
*Pre-sale tickets will be sold until 3pm on Friday.
*No noisemakers are permitted (horns, drums, whistles, battery powered megaphones, etc)
*Ticket gates will open at 5:30pm on Friday

Tickets will be on sale beginning today in the STVM Bookstore., Congratulations to our First Quarter Honor and Merit Roll Students! http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1083&section=parentinfo, Today we welcome 9 shadows from the following grade schools:
Arlington Christian Academy 
Innes
Coventry 
St. Sebastian 
Wadsworth Middle School 
IHM 
Miller South

We hope you all enjoy your day!, This morning we sent off our Boys and Girls Cross Country Teams to State!

Our girls have won the last five consecutive State titles.  They are now pushing for 6! 

Cross Country State Competition takes place at National Trail Raceway in Columbus.  For directions, visit the calendar on our website.  Boys race at 11:45am and girls at 2:15pm. 

Can't make it down to Columbus?  Keep track of our runners via this link: http://timerhub.com/get_web_index.php?page=finishtimingresults.com/2014/11-01/, Good luck to our Model UN Team competing at Case Western Reserve today!, Irish Forever 23., Last week, STVM administration, students and teachers were interviewed by USA TODAY for a piece they were putting together on the return of LeBron James to Cleveland. Here is the final result!  Welcome home LeBron!
http://www.usatoday.com/videos/sports/nba/2014/10/29/18137207/, Thank you to Jason Evert for coming to STVM today and sharing your wisdom with us!, Today we welcome four shadows from the following grade schools:
Holy Family, IHM, St. Mary and Miller South.

We hope you all enjoy your day!, Nationally Known Speaker Jason Evert to Speak at STVM on October 29

http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1071&section=parentinfo, Join us in prayer tonight and all week as we send off 32 seniors to our Fall Kairos retreat series. Want more info on our Karios Retreat Program, find it here: http://www.stvm.com/studentlife/kairos.php, Today we welcome 19 shadows from the following schools:
St. Matthew 
St. Anthony 
Norton MS
Hyre
IHM
Roswell Kent 
Wadsworth MS
Clagget MS
Innes
Arlington Christian
Holy Family 
Miller South 
St. Sebastian

We hope you all enjoy your day here at STVM!, Good luck tonight to our Varsity Football Team traveling to Massillon High School.  Kick off at 7:30pm. 

Need Directions?  Follow this link: https://www.google.com/maps?q=1+Paul+Brown+Drive+SE+Massillon+OH&iwloc=A&hl=en, Tonight we honor of 2014 Father Thomas F. Mahar and Irish Crusader Award Recipients at our Annual Mahar Outstanding Alumni Award Reception:

Fr. Patrick Philbin V51 
Rita Baumgartner Shisler M64 
Michael “Mike” Ochsenhirt V71 
Martin “Marty” Shaffer VM74 
Lynne Spagnuolo Callahan VM75

2014 Irish Crusader Award Recipients: 
Anthony “Tony” Manna 
Merrylou Windhorst

http://www.stvm.com/alumni/awards_and_scholarships.php, Vince Lockett exemplifies the true character of the Fighting Irish.  

http://highschoolsports.cleveland.com/news/article/5498136512391572850/vince-lockett-story-do-not-publish/, Today we join together as a Faith community to celebrate Mass in honor of former Pope and Saint, John Paul II., Today we welcome 14 grade school shadows from: 
St. Mary
Copley-Fairlawn
Akros
St. Hilary 
Holy Family 
St. Augustine 
Litchfield
Claggett
St. Sebastian 
IHM 
North Canton, Good luck to our Boys Soccer team taking on CVCA tonight at 7PM for the District Semi Final.  Game played at CVCA.  

Here is a recap on the boys big win over Archbishop Hoban last Saturday: http://www.ohio.com/sports/high-school/high-school-soccer-st-vincent-st-mary-2-archbishop-hoban-0-irish-advance-to-district-semifinal-1.532937, Congratulations to St. Vincent-St. Mary NASA Student Launch Team for being named one of eight schools in the U.S. to participate in the NASA Student Launch. After all it IS Rocket Science!, Girls Soccer advances to District Final vs. Archbishop Hoban at home at 7PM on Thursday!   Here is a re-cap from last night's win over Norton: 
http://www.ohio.com/sports/high-school/high-school-girls-soccer-st-v-m-4-norton-1-kobi-bryant-nets-hat-trick-to-lead-irish-1.533531, Pre-sale tickets for Friday's Football game at Massillon are ON SALE NOW in our Bookstore.  $6 for adults and $3 for students.  No STVM passes of any kind will be accepted. 

Bookstore Hours this week: 
Mondays - Wednesdays - Fridays 8:30-1:00pm
Tuesdays - Thursdays 10:30-3:00pm, Cross Country Re-Cap from Districts:
Both our boys and girls teams finished 1st! Our girls team won for the 6th year in a row!

http://highschoolsports.cleveland.com/news/article/804275194182431085/hudson-st-vincent-st-mary-and-cuyahoga-valley-cross-country-runners-have-big-days-at-district-cross-country-akron-district/, Join us in praying today for our entire Freshmen Class as they join together as a Faith community at Freshmen Retreat., "Akron is home", Inspirational Push Chair Marathon and Triathlon Teams Speak to Irish Athletes for Christ 
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1077&section=parentinfo, Irish Athletics Today:
Good luck today to our JV Football Team home vs. Eastlake North at Green Street Stadium at 11am. 

Good luck today to our Boys and Girls Cross Country Teams competing at Good Year Metro Park for the OHSAA District Tournament.  Boys run at 1pm and Girls run at 2:20pm.

Good luck today to our Boys Soccer Team hosting Hoban at 4pm for the OHSAA District Tournament.  Come down and support our boys!

GO IRISH!, null, Today we welcome 28 shadows from the following schools:
Holy Family 
St. Vincent 
Miller South
St. Anthony 
St. Hilary 
St. Mary 
St. Sebastian 
Woodridge 
IHM 
St. Matthew
St. Joseph 

We hope you all enjoy your day here at STVM! GO Irish!, Athletics Tonight:
We have a double header at Green Street! 
Good luck tonight to our Girls Soccer Team hosting Alliance in the OHSAA Sectional Final at Green Street at 7:15PM. Come down to Green Street and support our girls!

Good luck tonight to our Freshmen Football Team hosting St. Ed's at 5PM at Green Street.  Go Irish!, Tomorrow, STVM will be in full pink mode!  Students have an all pink spirit day for $2, all proceeds directly benefit Breast Cancer Awareness Month and Breast Cancer Research. 

Tomorrow night, STVM Football kicks off at 7PM at Green Street vs. Warrensville Heights. This game is considered our Pink Game.  Football players and coaches will sport pink from head to toe. Come down to Green Street and cheer on your team! 

Did you know?... In order to wear pink at tomorrow's game, each football player has to make a donation to Breast Cancer Research.  "Here at STVM, wearing pink is not just a fashionable thing.  Every player needs to know the seriousness of the cause we are supporting."- Head Coach Dan Boarman, Parent-Teacher Conferences to Be Held on Wednesday, October 22

http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1073&section=parentinfo, The Leprechaun Theatre Guild Presents: A Christmas Carol 

http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=752&section=parentinfo, Reminder: Tomorrow is PSAT testing for Sophomores, Juniors & Honors Freshmen. They will be dismissed at 11:30am.

NO SCHOOL tomorrow for Seniors & Regular Freshmen., 21 Students Earn Academic Letters

At an assembly this morning, 21 STVM students were awarded their Academic Letter. This level of academia is recognized on the student's STVM letterman jackets by a lamp; we refer to this symbol as the Lamp of Learning.  

Academic Letter Criteria:
Accrue a total of 8 or more academic awards for classroom achievement at end of sophomore or junior year.
Maintain an overall GPA of 3.3 or above.
Remain a student “in good standing” on discipline and attendance.

Congratulations to our First Year Senior Academic Letter Award Winners: Zachary Codrea, Marie Conti, Mariah Costa, James Demboski, Angela Giltner, Karl Rybka, Rachael Steer 

Congratulations to our First Year Junior Academic Letter Award Winners: Madelyn Angle, Gonzalo Diago, Lia Giffels, Justin Hofacker, Patrick Hubbel, Kyle Kelly, Mary Margaret Morber, Elizabeth Paydo, Haley Riemenschneider, Hope Roberts, Patrick Walter 

Academic Letter Criteria for Second Year Award Winners: 
Accrue a total of 16 or more academic awards for classroom achievement.
Maintain an overall GPA of 3.3 or above.
Remain a student “in good standing” on discipline and attendance.

Congratulations to our Second Year Academic Letter Award Winners: 
Jane Bozsik, Katherine Freiss, Alaina Misbrener

We also paid congratulations to our 5 National Merit Commended Scholars: Julia Bowen, Jane Bozsik, Mariah Costa, Katherine Friess,
Robert (Sam) Yeaton, STVM Senior, Jaclyn Musci, Honored at 67th Annual Cotillion hosted by Italian-American Societies of Summit County 

http://www.ohio.com/news/local/council-of-italian-american-societies-holds-67th-annual-columbus-day-cotillion-1.531156, Yesterday we welcomed 12 shadows from the following schools: 

STEM
Hyre Middle School
IHM
St. Mary
Holy Family
St. Matthew
Miller South
St. Augustine
Middlebury Academy

We hope you all enjoyed your day at STVM!, BOOKSTORE HOURS CHANGED FOR UPCOMING WEEK:                               The bookstore will be open 11:00 to 1:30, on Monday and Tuesday, Did You Know...Supporting Market Day Helps Support STVM's Retreat Programs!
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1069&section=studentlife, Today we welcome 21 shadows from the following grade schools:

St. Hilary
St. Sebastian
St. Helen
IHM 
Miller South
Holy Family
St. Vincent
St. Francis Xavier
Kimpton Middle
Coventry Middle
St. Anthony 

We hope you all enjoy your day! GO IRISH!, Reminder to Football Fans:
This week's Football game vs. Thurgood Marshall is SATURDAY, OCT 11th at 7PM at Green Street Stadium., This Saturday, October 11th, Admissions will hold our first Scholarship/Placement Test for 8th graders.  Sign up online today to reserve your spot for Saturday or any other of our days to take our test.

http://www.stvm.com/admissions/placement_tests.php, Today we welcome one grade school shadow from IHM!  We hope you enjoy your day here at STVM!, Looking for a college or university? 
STVM to Hold Annual College/Tech. Fair on Monday, October 13: http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1066&section=parentinfo, Jason Evert is a nationally-known speaker who has presented to more than one million people about the virtue of chastity. Jason is coming to STVM.

On October 29th, Jason and Crystalina Evert will come to STVM giving a presentation entitled "Love or Lust?" to our entire student body.  Jason will also be providing Parent Sessions at St. Hilary that same night.  

Here is a flyer on our assembly as well as a link to their website:
Link to website: http://chastityproject.com/, STVM Teams Up With American Red Cross to Hold Blood Drive on October 16th
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1067&section=parentinfo, Every year, STVM students taking Spanish classes donate children's books in Spanish.  They are sent to children in Spanish-speaking countries who may not have the opportunity to read or own their own books.  

Below is a picture of a 3 year old rural Peruvian boy holding a book that one of our students donated. Other books went to a daycare in Lima, Peru and to an elementary school near Cuzco.  The children at that elementary school have to walk an hour and a half to get to school each day. The children, when they receive the books, look at them in awe and hug them!  Our students are giving the gift of reading to the world., Regular Season for Cross Country is reflected on on their website.  Check out their website for more info and re-caps from every meet!  GO IRISH!

Re-Cap from Cross Country:
http://www.stvmirishxctrack.com/, Want to be your best?  Be Irish!  Take a peek at our 2014 Admissions Guidebook! You will not be disappointed! 
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1064&section=parentinfo, Congratulations to our newly crowned 2014 Homecoming Queen, Grace Davis (left), pictured with our Crowner, Sierra Turner!, Today we welcomed 13 grade school shadows from the following grade schools:
Miller South
St. Francis de Sales
St. Hilary
Emmanuel Christian
Sacred Heart
R.B. Chamberlin 
Immaculate Heart of Mary 
St. Anthony
St. Sebastian 

We hope you enjoyed your day here at STVM!, Tune in tonight!, Tonight our 2014 Homecoming Queen will be crowned.  Congratulations to our 2014 Homecoming Court!  Members of the court were voted on by their peers.  We will see everyone tonight!

2014 Homecoming Court Members:
Grade 10: Kaitlyn Oplinger (attendant), Patrick McFarland (escort), Jamie Martucci (football escort)
Grade 11: Ariel Linberger (attendant), Tobin Huffman (escort), Niko Lalos (football escort)
Grade 11: Danielle Whiddon (attendant), Patrick Walter (escort), Brian Tavolier (football escort)
Grade 12: Samantha Balaj (attendant), Zach Hutson (escort), Sean Devany (football escort)
Grade 12: Grace Davis (attendant), Marco Colant (escort), Ben Taggart (football escort)
Grade 12: Maci Woyat (attendant), Nick Campbell (escort), Patrick Oliverio (football escort)
Grade 12: Sierra Turner (attendant), Ryan Donahue (escort), Jack Williams (football escort)
Grade 12: Keely Shea O'Brien (attendant), Karl Rybka (escort), Michael Roberts (football escort)
Grade 12: Hope VanDevere (attendant), Wade Christian (escort), Jeremy Swords (football escort), Five STVM Students Named as Commended National Merit Students

Congratulations to five St. Vincent-St. Mary High School students who have been named as Commended Students in the 2015 National Merit Scholarship Program; Julia M. Bowen of Immaculate Heart of Mary Parish, Jane M. Bozsik of St. Bernard/St. Mary, Mariah L. Costa of St. Francis de Sales, Katherine Friess of St. Hilary, and Robert Samuel Yeaton of St. Vincent. 

Last October, these students, along with 1.5 million students nationally, took the Preliminary SAT exam and were entered into a nationwide competition for recognition and awards conducted by National Merit Scholarship Corporation. These students scored among the highest 34,000 students in the nation. 

We congratulate these students on their achievement as they are recognized for their exceptional academic promise! They are proud representatives of St. Vincent-St. Mary High School. 

Here is the article on our school website: http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1062&section=parentinfo, Today we welcome shadows from the following grade schools: AKROS, NIHF-STEM, Middlebury Academy & St. Francis de Sales.  We hope you enjoyed your visit! 

Are you a grade school student or do you know a grade school student who would like to shadow at STVM? Learn more about our shadowing program on our Admissions page: http://www.stvm.com/admissions/shadowing.php, Pre-Sale Tickets for our Homecoming Game Friday Night vs. GlenOak are on sale NOW in the Lynch Bookstore.  $6 for adults and $4 for students, all tickets at the gate are $7.  STVM students enter free with proof of school ID. 

Come down to Green Street on Friday to cheer on your Irish and help us crown our Homecoming Queen!  Kick-off at 7PM.

Do you know who Coach Boarman's favorite leprechaun is?  I will give you one guess! GO IRISH!, October: Month of the Holy Rosary

The month of October each year is dedicated to the Most Holy Rosary. This is primarily due to the fact that the liturgical feast of Our Lady of the Rosary is celebrated annually on October 7th. It was instituted to honor the Blessed Virgin Mary in gratitude for the protection that she gives the Church in answer to the praying of the Rosary by the faithful. 

Prayer Commending Oneself to Mary 

O holy Mary, my Mistress, into thy 
blessed trust and special blessing, 
into the bosom of thy tender mercy, 
this day, every day of my life and at 
the hour of my death, I commend my 
soul and body; to thee I entrust all my 
hopes and consolations, all my trials 
and miseries, my life and the end of 
my life, that through thy most holy 
intercession and thy merits, all my 
actions may be ordered and disposed 
according to thy will and that of thy 
divine Son. Amen., Come HOME for Homecoming!, STVM will lace up for Childhood Cancer this week at all home events.  Laces will be on sale at all games and donations will be accepted.  All proceeds directly benefit childhood cancer and Go4theGoal.

Here is the 19 Action News piece featuring pediatric cancer awareness and our school: http://www.19actionnews.com/story/26658079/lace-up-for-cancer?autostart=true, Here's what our Chinese International Students have been up to! The Cambridge Institute of International Education, Freshman Retreat Re-Scheduled for Monday, October 20

Dear Freshman Families, 

Due to unforeseen circumstances, the freshman retreat scheduled for Tuesday, September 30, 2014 will be moved to Monday, October 20, 2014. All details regarding starting time, ending time, content of retreat, etc. remain the same. The only thing changing is the date of the retreat. 

Just a reminder, all freshmen arrive at school as usual on their retreat day. They will be bused to their retreat sites and then bused back to school at the end of the school day. They will return to STVM by 3:00 for their usual pic-up routine. 

We apologize for this change and thank you in advance for your cooperation. Please pray that the Lord may touch your son/daughter and the others who seek Him on this retreat. 

In the Peace of Christ, 

Ken McDonald 
Campus Minister, Great clips from our Girls Soccer Game Saturday night! GO IRISH!

http://youtu.be/U44FTRrEMaw, 2014 Homecoming Dance Information & Packet
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1058&section=parentinfo, ATTENTION IRISHNATION!
We need your help!  Vote for senior LB, Vince Lockett for Top Performer from Friday!  He needs your votes!

Vote here: http://highschoolsports.cleveland.com/news/article/2371802727611353424/vote-for-high-school-football-week-5-top-performer-from-friday-game-balls-2014-poll/
, We wish our friends at Walsh Jesuit High School Alumni a (belated) Happy 50th Anniversary! We wish you 50 years, and more, of excellence in Catholic education., Last night at our annual Senior Lock-In, the STVM Class of 2015 slept over and decorated the entire school for our spirit day today.  GO IRISH!, null, From the halls of St. Sebastian to the halls of STVM... Happy 85th Birthday St. Sebastian!, Attention Senior Parents: Thursday Evening Lock-In Letter and Information Posted: 
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1055&section=parentinfo, STVM "Laces Up" for Pediatric Cancer with Go4theGoal!
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1054&section=parentinfo, Congrats to our Varsity Girls and Boys Golf Teams who both finished 3rd at yesterday's OHSAA sectional tournament and advances to next week's district!

Here is a picture of our girls:, null, 2014 Yearbook Pick-Up Info:
2014 yearbooks are ready for pick-up.  Graduates may pick up their books in the front office beginning Wednesday September 24th.  Books will be passed out to the student body during lunch on Wednesday.  Extra copies are available for $60 each., null, Pre-Sale Ticket Info for Holy War: STVM vs. Archbishop Hoban Football, September 26th.

Tickets for the STVM vs. Archbishop Hoban football game at The University of Akron's Infocision Stadium on Friday, September 26th will be on sale in the Edward and Susan Lynch, Jr. Bookstore beginning Monday September 22nd. Pre-sale tickets are $8 for students and $10 for adults; all tickets at the game are $10. This year, STVM is the home team. 

All spectators attending the game must have a ticket and no passes of any kind will be accepted for entry into the game. STVM STUDENTS ARE NOT FREE, THEY MUST PURCHASE A TICKET. 

Shamrock and Legacy Society members may redeem two tickets in the STVM bookstore, free of charge, when presenting their Shamrock or Legacy key.

STVM faculty and staff will be permitted to redeem their faculty pass for two free tickets in the bookstore, but the faculty pass will not be accepted at Infocision Stadium. 

Bookstore hours this week:
Mondays - Wednesdays - Fridays 8:30-1:00
Tuesdays - Thursdays 10:30-3:00, Leprechaun Theatre Guild Needs your Help with their Holiday Planning!

STVM Theater Director, Gerard Neary and our Leprechaun Theatre Guild have announced their Fall Play and performance dates:            A Christmas Carol: November 20, 21, 22 at 7pm and November 23 at 2pm.  

They are planning a fund-raiser during the run of the show and would like to decorate and sell Christmas trees, swags, branches, garland, etc. during the run.

If you have ANY old or unused Christmas tree decorations, would you please donate them to the theater department? 

We can use bulbs, artificial trees of all sizes (even just the branches), swags, ribbon, bows, garland, wreaths....you get the idea.  Even if they are a bit shabby, we can "spruce" them up...get it???  Spray paint and glitter spray go a long way!

This project is already underway, so feel free to bring in your donated decorations soon.  Simply put them on the stage.

All of us in the theatre department will appreciate anything you can donate!  While you continue your fall cleaning, you may even want to donate any old costume jewelry, prom/homecoming dresses, any old antique looking items, suits, vests, hats, old Halloween costumes, etc.  We love sequins and big dresses!!

Any questions: contact Gerard Neary at gneary@stvm.com, Classes Cancelled for Friday, October 24 Due to Parent-Teacher Conference Date Change

Parent-teacher conferences have been changed to Wednesday, October 22. As a result, classes will be cancelled on Friday, October 24 for all staff and students. Thanksgiving break remains unchanged. Additional conference information will be e-mailed out to all parents., Congratulations to STVM Senior, Matt Carlson who won the 2015 Patricia Ostroski Peace Maker Award this morning!  **Matt is pictured here with his mom, Mrs. Patty Carlson. 

Sunday is International Day of Peace. Join us in praying for peace and safety to all all over the globe.  Here is more: http://internationaldayofpeace.org/, Junior and Senior Athlete NCAA Eligibility Information

On Wednesday, September 17, all junior and senior athletes planning on playing a sport at a Division I or Division II college were called for a homeroom meeting. The college counselors and athletic department went over the NCAA eligibility process, registering for the NCAA Clearinghouse, ACT scores and GPA, and core courses we have here at St. Vincent- St. Mary High School. If you have any questions regarding this, visit the NCAA Eligibility website or contact one of the college counselors. 
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1048&section=parentinfo, Freshmen and Sophomores Hear Powerful Message from "When the Music Stops" Program
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1047&section=parentinfo, STVM Chinese Club Celebrates Mid-Autumn Festival
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1046&section=parentinfo, Our Alumni make us Irish Proud every day!

Do not forget to LIKE our Alumni page for updates on everything Alumni!  , Did you know that the Market Day Fundraiser directly benefits STVM's Kairos Retreat program?  Order before Tuesday September 16th at 11:00 a.m. to help support this important spiritual experience for our students.  Visit www.marketday.com and enter our school school code 8191 St. Vincent-St. Mary High School.  For more information about our Kairos program visit http://www.stvm.com/studentlife/kairos.php, On Saturday night, Coach Boarman & the STVM Marching Band will be featured on WAKR AkronNewsNow Pigskin Preview Show around 5pm prior to our Football Game vs. Lake Catholic. Tune in on 1590 AM or via their website www.wakr.net to catch our coach and band. , STVM Senior, Chad Kanakkanatt is featured as a Cleveland Plain Dealer Player of the Week.  Interesting fact: Chad not only plays soccer, but he also has a major role at the school.  Find out just how much school spirit Chad has!

View Chad's interview here:http://highschoolsports.cleveland.com/news/article/5064692367672704016/players-of-the-week-for-cross-country-field-hockey-football-golf-soccer-tennis-volleyball-for-sept-11-2014-slideshow-poll/, Reminder: This week's Football contest vs. Lake Catholic is SATURDAY NIGHT (7PM) at Jerome Osborne Stadium in Mentor.

Irish Athletics this weekend: http://www.dynacal.com/stvm/calendar.asp
, null, We will never forget.  Thank you to all who have served for our freedoms and prayers for all who have been affected., Reminder: parents please join us tonight at Curriculum Night. Program begins at 7pm in our Student Center, Check out these fresh faces from the STVM Class of 2018, Congratulations to Coach Jud Hartman and our Girls Soccer Team who is currently 6-0 and ranked 7th in the State this week.  Here is more on their ranking: http://ossca.altersoccer.net/

GO GIRLS GO!!, Meet Mr. Glaser, our new Dean of Students

http://www.stvm.com/facultyandstaff/faculty_member.php?id=177, STVM Welcomes Two New College Counselors
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1042&section=parentinfo, Every Monday morning we celebrate Mass in our chapel at 7:15am. Tomorrow's Mass will be dedicated to Sammy Yeaton and Dom Davis for the injuries they suffered Friday night. Please join us., Cantor Photography, A special thank you to our 2014 Fall Sports Program Advertisers!  We cannot thank you enough for your support of our Athletic Programs!  GO IRISH!

Fall Sports Programs are on sale at every home sporting event for $5.  This 76 page production features every Fall athletic team, every senior athlete, and provides great reading material on our athletic programs!  What a great keepsake., Let the battle for the bell begin!, Time Warner Cable will be broadcasting Friday night's varsity football contest versus Walsh Jesuit High School. The game will be called by David Bacon and Tom Linder. The first broadcast will air at 11pm on Friday on Time Warner channels 311 and 1311. There will be additional re-broadcasts and it will also be available on Time Warner's Local On Demand channels., The final touch!
A new crucifix has been hung in the LeBron James Arena on the southwest wall.  We are proud to display our Catholic identity!, STVM and Walsh Jesuit will go helmet to helmet Friday night and the winner will bring home The Bell.  The battle for the bell will commence this Friday at Green Street Stadium; 7PM kick off.   STVM has been the keeper of the bell all year long! 

All tickets at the gate are $7, STVM students are free with proof of school ID.  

Pre-sale tickets are ON SALE NOW in our Bookstore.  Adult tickets are $6 and students are $4.

Learn more about our rivalry with Walsh Jesuit here on the STVM Football Website:  http://www.stvmfootball.com/walsh.html, STVM Picture Day is tomorrow.  Here is important info regarding tomorrow's school pictures:
Dear Parents,
 
Picture day is Thursday, September 4th.  Students will go with their English classes.  Freshmen through juniors may dress up and follow the dress code as stated on pages 22-23 of the Student Handbook.   Additionally, no one should be wearing anything made of jean material, no sleeveless shirts or sleeveless dresses.  

-Guys may wear a dress shirt and a tie, a sweater or sport coat, or regular dress code attire.  

-Girls may wear modest, dressy tops, knee length skirts, dresses, slacks or capris below the knee or regular dress code attire.  No leggings, sleeveless tops, jeans or short skirts are permitted.

Seniors will be taking a picture for ID card purposes only and may not dress up for the day.

Order forms will be passed out during English classes.  See Mrs. Dolan in room 329 if you have any questions., Calling all Future Fighting Irish! CYO Night is this Friday at our home Football game vs. Walsh Jesuit.  Come down to Green Street, get in free, and enjoy a few freebies.  All you have to do it wear your CYO uniform.  Coaches get in free too!, Reminder: No school on Monday, September 1st.  Have a safe and happy Labor Day Weekend!, The STVM Marching Band is all set and ready for this school year.  Watch them here, in action:
http://www.ohio.com/news/local/marching-bands-tune-up-for-weekend-performances-1.517858, null, 2014 STVM Football is featured in today's Akron Beacon Journal's High School Football Preview

STVM defeated Garfield last night 45-10 in our first game of the season., Thanks to Akron Family Restaurant, Jim VM85 and Andrea Hillery VM85, Rich Loney at Bark at the Moon Graphics, and Gino D'Andrea VM81, Green Street Stadium is sporting some new gear!  Notice anything different?  We will give you a hint.... they are both green!, STVM Senior, Aaron Kofsky was featured as a "Class Act" in the September issue of Cleveland Magazine, on stands NOW. Aaron you make us Irish Proud!

Click the link to view Aaron's feature: http://www.clevelandmagazine.com/ME2/dirmod.asp?sid=E73ABD6180B44874871A91F6BA5C249C&nm=&type=Publishing&mod=Publications%3A%3AArticle&mid=1578600D80804596A222593669321019&tier=4&id=0BE4800D69D74927A658F7E1DADBB715, Tonight at our President's Cocktail Reception, we thank our elite donors, Shamrock and Legacy Society members. Thank you for your continued generosity and continual support of STVM., Class of 2014 Donates Cross in Jack & Ann Haag Student Center

The cross in the Jack & Ann Haag Student Center, located right outside of our Chapel, is a gift from the Class of 2014.  It is an original design by Don Drumm and represents our Catholic identity well.  It is a three-dimensional creation with several symbols carved into the top layer and supplemented by a solid cross in the background.  This multi-dimensional effect creates amazing perspectives and richly adds to the beauty of this piece of art.  Since it is a Don Drumm original, there is no other cross like it in existence.  It was created specifically for St. Vincent-St. Mary High School to reflect our faith, our deepest core values and our Catholic identity., STVM Welcomes New Faculty and Staff for the 2014-2015 School Year
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1036&section=parentinfo, Pre-sale tickets are available NOW in the Bookstore for Thursday's Football home opener vs. Garfield. Pre-sale adult tickets are $6 & student $4.  Kick off at 7pm at Green Street Stadium, see you there!

Bookstore hours this week: Monday, Wednesday, Friday 8:30-1:00 and Tuesday and Thursday 10:30-3:00., Why did the Class of 2018 choose to be their best?  This is why...
http://youtu.be/SWvqI7yaOeQ , Today the entire student body and staff celebrated the Eucharist together for our Opening School Mass.  Welcome Home., Join us at Green Street tonight for the football scrimmage vs. Firestone High School. JV will begin at 5 and Varsity will immediately follow.

All fans please note that this is an OHSAA jamboree event. There will be a general admission charge of $3.00 for all fans. 

All proceeds from an OHSAA jamboree event go to support the OHSAA catastrophic insurance program.  The OHSAA insures every junior and senior high school athlete for a catastrophic injury. A catastrophic injury is one in which medical bills exceed $25,000. In past years injuries have occurred in football, baseball, swimming and wrestling which ultimately involved quad and paraplegia. The OHSAA provided insurance has assisted the injured players and families with medical expenses, remodeling homes, education and other rehabilitation measures. There is an annual insurance premium to the OHSAA that exceeds $600,000. OHSAA member schools pay no membership fee and no insurance fee. Your support of OHSAA jamborees events is greatly appreciated!, Show your IRISH PRIDE!  STVM Yard Signs now available in our bookstore!  Get yours today!, JOIN US!, Fall Sports are underway! Click here to access current schedules for 2014:
http://www.stvm.com/athletics/athletics_schedules.php, Welcome Home STVM!
The halls are busy today.  All students entered our doors for the 2014-2015 school year!, null, Meet our new Principal, Sandra Wilkes!
Stay tuned for updates from Sandra as she addresses our community on a weekly basis via "Word from Wilkes" updates.

Dear St. Vincent-St. Mary Family,

Our lives are a story. Every accomplishment or setback we experience becomes part of yet another chapter. I am proud to embrace St. Vincent-St. Mary High School in my life story and share part of STVM’s impressive history as well as what I know will be an outstanding future. 

For more than a century we have remained a community of faith for the future. Our faith and strength comes from believing in our product; well educated, young women and men who are equipped to compete and make positive contributions in global society.

Our success is directly attributed to our loyal friends and their continued dedication and support, and to our excellent staff who take pride in their professions and minister to our students on a daily basis.

Our vision continues to be focused on providing students the best possible Catholic high school experience. We continue to expand and enhance educational offerings and programs in order to remain uniquely STVM.

As we continue to grow and prosper, we will continue to operate in an educationally sound and financially responsible manner. I am confident this is possible because of the care and devotion of so many dedicated people.

Thank you for your support, financially, spiritually, or through volunteering. Our stories are now intertwined and we are all part of the story of St. Vincent-St. Mary High School.

May God bless you abundantly,

Sincerely,

Mrs. Sandra Wilkes, Welcome Home Class of 2018!

On behalf of the administration and teachers at STVM, we would like to welcome the incoming class of freshmen, the Class of 2018! At St. Vincent-St. Mary, community and family are what make walking these hallways special. We hope you can immediately feel at home here. We wish the best for you on the start of your high school journey throughout the next four years!

This morning junior and senior students welcomed the Class of 2018! Junior and seniors are assigned a freshmen student to act as a "big sib" for them all year. Welcome Home!, Athletic Booster Club Golf Outing:
Monday, October 13th (Columbus Day)

Four man scramble, 8:30AM check-in and 10:00AM shotgun start at Silver Lake Country Club 

$100 a player.  Reserve your spot NOW to Marty Shaffer: meshaffer51@yahoo.com or 330-802-8960

* includes: 18 holes with cart, boxed lunch, beverages
Dinner featuring: put contest, margarita hole, skins game, mulligans, par 5 move up, long drives, proximities

SPONSORSHIP available: lunch & dinner. $35 each tee signs or 2 for $50.  No artwork needed., 2014-2015 STVM Student Parking Pass Info:

http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1033&section=parentinfo, This morning all faculty and staff gathered in our Chapel for our opening all staff prayer service.  We are all gearing up for the first day for all freshmen on Monday, August 18th! The entire school will then begin on Tuesday, August 19th., STVM Senior, Aaron Kofsky wins Best Delegate Award at National Model United Nations Conference in China 

Congratulations to the All American Model United Nations Team winning in China! STVM Senior, Aaron Kofsky was a member of this high profile team competing in China.  Aaron has also brought home the title of Best Delegate Award! Congratulations Aaron Kofsky!

Aaron is pictured: first row, first from right., "Preparation is key!"- Coach Dan Boarman

http://www.stack.com/video/3727149863001/eastbay-presents-preparation-nation-st-vincentst-mary/, Thank you Alumni! Go Irish!, GO Irish!, Join us Thursday, August 14th for the Showcase 2015 'Shining Stars' Kick Off Party at Green Street Stadium , Calling all Boys Soccer Alumni!, In case you missed it, fall sports have begun and games will start next week! 

Check out our Girls Soccer Team Senior Music Video:
http://youtu.be/tLFglVK2bXI?list=UUcHnGM6cR-QCaeeQ51cBuCw, Strength Training News:
Coach Gary Work Outs are cancelled next week (8/11/14-8/15/14).

Coach Gary Work Outs for this Fall (8/18/14-11/14/14): Monday, Wednesday, Friday: 3:15-4:15 in Cosgrove and Monday-Friday 4:15-5:15 in Weight Room, College Board Designates 33 STVM Students as AP Scholars, Join Us Next Thursday!, STVM Bookstore to Re-Open on Monday, August 11, 2014
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1029&section=parentinfo, null, Good luck to STVM senior, Aaron Kofsky (second row first from right) & the All-American Model United Nations Delegation headed to China. Bring home the gold!, Rocket Team is a Blast, Once Again!
Last Friday, our Rocket Team and Coach, Mr. Bob Engels,  modeled rocketry for NASA visitors, scientists and engineers at NASA Plum Brook Station in Sandusky. Here is a peak:, STVM father, David Matejczyk featured in the Medina Gazette for "building Wiffle ball field of dreams in Seville."

http://medinagazette.northcoastnow.com/2014/07/22/david-matejczyk-builds-wiffle-ball-field-dreams-seville/, STVM Senior, Zach Codrea was featured in the Akron Beacon Journal for his work with veterans.  Way to go Zach, we are so proud! http://enjoy.ohio.com/high-school-senior-collects-and-packages-personal-items-to-give-to-homeless-vets-1.508381, null, Students! 
Summer is winding down! Do not forget about your Summer Assignments.  Here is more info: http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1028&section=parentinfo, Fall Sports Picture Day: August 4th and 5th

Monday, August 4, 2014   John Cistone Field/Green Street Stadium
PLEASE NOTE:   In the event of rain, pictures will be taken in the Cosgrove Center gym.
                    9:00 a.m. Athletic Trainers
                    9:10 a.m.  Girls Golf JV & Varsity 
                    9:30 a.m.  Boys Golf JV & Varsity
                    9:40 a.m. Irish Dancers
                  10:00 a.m.  Marching Band
                  10:20 a.m. ALL Fall Sports SENIORS,including Trainers     & Marching Band
                  10:45 a.m.  Football JV & Varsity 
                  11:00 a.m.  Football Freshmen 

Tuesday, August 5, 2014   John Cistone Field/Green Street Stadium
PLEASE NOTE:   In the event of rain, pictures will be taken in the Cosgrove Center gym.
    9:00 a.m.  Volleyball JV & Varsity 
                   9:20 a.m.  Volleyball Freshmen           
    9:45 a.m. Cheerleading Freshmen
                  10:00 a.m.  Cheerleading JV & Varsity
                  10:30 a.m. Girls Tennis JV & Varsity
                  10:45 a.m.  Girls Soccer JV & Varsity
                  11:00 a.m.  Boys Soccer JV & Varsity
                  11:20 a.m. Cross Country, Join our Athletic Booster Club this Friday for our Annual Booster Club Picnic at 6PM down at Green Street Stadium! All are welcome, membership not required to attend. We hope to see you there!, What do you do at the wettest band camp since 1975? Full band music rehearsal in the pavilion, of course! Good morning STVM Irish Band Camp!, Help Us Welcome LeBron Home on August 8 at Akron's InfoCision Stadium

Calling All Irish Fans! On Friday, August 8 at 7:15 PM, the City of Akron will be welcoming LeBron home. Tickets for the event are FREE and will be available on TicketMaster.com beginning on Monday, July 28 at 10:00 AM. Lets support LeBron's return home to Akron/Cleveland with waves of green and gold in the stands!, Fall Sports Tryout and Practice Start Date Info
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1025&section=parentinfo, Summer Building and Bookstore Hours:
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1021&section=parentinfo, We Promise to never forget where we come from!, The faculty, staff, students, and community of St. Vincent-St. Mary High School (STVM) are extremely excited to hear about our alumnus, LeBron James, returning to Northeast Ohio to continue his NBA career with the Cleveland Cavaliers.  While he has never left our community with his continuing displays of generosity, philanthropy, and leadership, we are happy to have our friend closer to home.  We continue to support LeBron and the LeBron James Family Foundation and their future endeavors.  LeBron James has a special place in his heart for Northeast Ohio and the STVM community has a special place in its heart for LeBron - where he remains IRISH 23 FOREVER.
Welcome home, God bless, and Go Irish! 

http://www.si.com/nba/2014/07/11/lebron-james-cleveland-cavaliers, Baseball Camp, The deadline for all Parent Ads in our 2014 Fall Sports Program is quickly approaching.  All payment and paperwork must be submitted to the Athletic Office no later than JULY 15th for your ad to run.  Please call Carley Whitney VM07, Assistant Athletic Director with any questions at 330-253-9113 ext 112 or via email, cwhitney@stvm.com. 

We look forward to a new school year! GO IRISH!, The STVM Alumni Association Invites you to join us tonight at Edgar's!, Girls Basketball Camp, STVM Baseball Collects Over $2,000 in their Hits vs. Multiple Sclerosis Fundraiser
http://www.stvm.com/athletics/summer_camps_online.php, STVM Senior, Aaron Kofsky was featured in the West Side Leader!  Way to go Aaron! Akron.com
http://www.akron.com/akron-ohio-community-news.asp?aID=23404, Notice: STVM will be closed Thursday, July 3rd and Friday, July 4 for the Holiday.  However, Girls Basketball Youth Camp will still take place on July 3rd in the LeBron James Arena., We have extended the deadline for the STVM 13/14 Fiscal Year!  Cick here to donate now!
http://www.stvm.com/development/donate_online.php, "Rathz and Raves:
A FINAL message from our Headmaster

"After 16 fun years I say farewell to all the great people of STVM.  Good luck and GO IRISH!"
-Mr. David Rathz, There are only 4 days left to DONATE TO THE FUND FOR STVM before our fiscal year ends on June 30th.  Time is running out, help make an impact today.  Donate online today or send in your check.  Here is more on how to donate more: http://www.stvm.com/development/fund_for_stvm.php, St. Vincent-St. Mary Class of 2014 Top Ten Student Snapshot

http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1019&section=parentinfo, null, Stay connected to STVM this summer by following us on Twitter:
http://www.stvm.com/parentinfo/stvm_twitter.php, On June 8, 2014, STVM bid farewell to our Headmaster, Mr. David Rathz.  After 16 years at the helm "high atop a hill in Akron", Mr. Rathz says goodbye.  Here are a few shots from his Mass and Reception., Looking for a chance to learn photography, shoot and build a rocket, or even perfect your four point stance with a Two-Time Football State Champion? Be Your Best… Be Irish this summer at St. Vincent-St. Mary High School! St. Vincent-St. Mary’s Camp Irish, offers school-age students a chance to develop through a variety of enrichment experiences. We provide opportunities for growth, both academically and athletically, in a safe and exciting atmosphere. Come and join us this summer to make new friends and learn all about what the STVM community has to offer you.   Register online: http://www.stvm.com/athletics/summer_camps_online.php, null, Join our Alumni for our next event!, Thank you and Congratulations to Kat Wright VM14 our 2,000th Facebook like!  We like you, too!, Camp Irish 2014 kicked off today with Mr. Campbell's Band Camp! Interested in summer camps here at STVM?  Find out more and register online here: http://www.stvm.com/athletics/summer_camps_online.php, We are only 4 Likes from 2,000!  Who will be our 2,000th follower? You don't want to miss all the happenings this summer at STVM-like our page and tell your friends to like it too :), STVM Rocket Team featured in the most recent issue of the West Side Leader.  Here is the article from their website:

http://www.akron.com/akron-ohio-education-news.asp?aID=23146, Can't make it down to Columbus for Track & Field State? Get live scroing updates and more info straight from the OHSAA website all weekend long!

Stay current with Track State here: http://www.ohsaa.org/sports/tf/2014/2014TFcoverage.htm, School is officially out for the summer! STVM would like to wish everyone a safe and relaxing summer!  We will see everyone back at school on August 18th for our first school day for Freshmen!

Building Summer Hours: 
Monday-Thursday 9AM-3PM

Bookstore Hours: 
Friday, Jun 6- Friday, June 20:  
M-W-F 8:30am-1:00pm 
T & Th. 10:30am-3:00pm

Bookstore CLOSED June 21-August10

Bookstore re-opens August 11:
M-W-F 8:30am-1:00pm 
T & Th 10:30am-3:00pm, Mark Murphy VM11 Named to NFL.com's 14 Smartest Players in College Football List
Kevin Wilson - Indiana Football

http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1020&section=studentlife, The summer fun begins Monday, June 9 with our spectacular Summer Physical Education Program. The Sophomore session is 7:30am-11:30am and the incoming Freshmen attend 12:30pm- 4:30pm. 
“Be Your Best…Be Irish”, Looking for a chance to learn photography, shoot and build a rocket, or even perfect your four point stance with a Two-Time Football State Champion? 
Be Your Best… Be Irish this Summer at St. Vincent-St. Mary High School! St. Vincent-St. Mary’s Camp Irish, offers school-age students a chance to develop through a variety of enrichment experiences. We provide opportunities for growth, both academically and athletically, in a safe and exciting atmosphere. Come and join us this summer to make new friends and learn all about what the STVM community has to offer you.  Register online to save your spot for Camp Irish  2014!                                                    
Online Registration is now open: http://www.stvm.com/athletics/summer_camps_online.php
, Do not miss the chance to read the Senior Issue 2014 of Leprechaun Gold (student run newspaper). Find it under the 'Students' tab on our website. 
Here is the link: 
http://www.stvm.com/studentlife/publications.php, In case you missed Sunday's Akron Beacon Journal, here is our recap of the Class of 2014! What a great feature!, After 48 years of teaching service, Luanne Richardson is leaving her alma mater and heading into retirement.  The STVM community came to pay their well wishes to Luanne as she opens a new chapter in her life.  Thank you Luanne for all that you have done for STVM!, Good luck STVM Students! Today is our first day of final exam week.  Here is the schedule: 
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=951&section=parentinfo, This year we will send 19 Track & Field State Qualifiers to State in Columbus.  Here are 18 of the 19 with their Shillelagh Awards from today's State Send Off Assembly! 

Thank you to members of the Class of 2014 for coming back on their summer break to accept their awards!, Join us in bidding farewell to our Headmaster this Sunday, June 8th.  
Mass at STVM at 11:00am followed by a reception., Here are a few highlights from Graduation.  It is not goodbye, it's "until we meet again.", Congrats to our Softball Team advancing to the Regional Final tomorrow at Firestone Stadium at noon vs. Tallmadge! 

Go Irish! 
http://highschoolsports.cleveland.com/news/article/-8678338191046165743/st-vincent-st-mary-softball-defeats-jefferson-area-3-1-to-advance-to-division-ii-regional-final-slideshow-video/, Final Exam Schedule Posted:
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=951&section=parentinfo, Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster

"Matthew 28:19-20 is now on the wall adjacent to the newest mural: everyone who reads it will love the terrific Bible quote."
-Mr. David Rathz, Irish Athletics Today:
Softball 3PM at Firestone Stadium: OHSAA Regional Semi vs. Jefferson. This is the first time since 1984 our girls have competed in regionals! Good luck girls!

Track and Field Regional Tournament: 4PM (field events) and 5:30PM (running events) at Austintown Fitch HS. Last weekend our girls finished 1st and brought home the District title.  Our boys finished in 2nd place.  Good luck!, Derek Whiddon '14 is featured as the one of Akron Beacon Journal's Top 10 Star Students. 

http://www.ohio.com/news/local/star-student-derek-whiddon-st-vincent-st-mary-1.490655, On Tuesday, May 27th the Class of 2014 processed into St. Bernard Church for Baccalaureate Mass. Here are a few shots from St. Bernard., Tonight we celebrate our Class of 2014 as a faith family.  Baccalaureate Mass for the Class of 2014 is tonight at St. Bernard's at 7:00PM., Weekend Sports News:
Your Irish are at it again! Congratulations to our Softball Team, who claimed the District Title trophy by defeating Hoban 2-0 last Friday.  They advance to the Regional Semi and will play Jefferson Area on Thursday at 3PM at Firestone Stadium.  Here is more on their win: http://www.ohio.com/sports/high-school/st-vincent-st-mary-beats-hoban-2-0-in-district-softball-final-1.490571

Track and Field:
Coach L and his athletes do it again!  Congratulations to our Girls Track Team who brings home the District Title.  Our boys finished second and both advance to Regionals this weekend. 
, null, Farewell Class of 2014!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O1EMbH1cnhk&feature=share&list=UU6KFt3sTuN-Y8A7mc3OFqEA, Today we said goodbye to the STVM Class of 2014.  This morning the entire student body, faculty and parents gathered for the final time for our Senior Farewell Mass.  Thank you to our celebrant, Fr. Kraker for leading us in Mass.  

Not only did we celebrate our seniors, we also paid a farewell tribute to our Headmaster, Mr. David Rathz who is leaving us this year as well.  Thank you Mr. Rathz for sharing your time and talents with us for the last 16 years!

An Irish Blessing: 
“May the road rise up to meet you
May the wind be always at your back
May the sun shine warm upon your face
And the rain fall soft upon your fields
And until we meet again
May God hold you in the palm of his hand”, And the cherry on top!
At lunch, Mr. Rathz handed out ice cream to every single STVM student! Thank you Mr. Rathz!, null, You Are Invited to a Farewell Celebration In Honor of Luanne Jenkins Richardson V59, Sports Physicals for the 2014-2015 Academic Year are just around the corner! 
STVM trainer, Brian Knight and Summa Health Systems host this event for all STVM athletes. Physicals are mandatory for every sport in order to participate.  

Doors will open on Tuesday, June 3rd for high school boy athletes at 3:30 and girl athletes at 4:00 in The LeBron James Arena. Physicals are $20. 

Visit the 'athletics' page on our website for the proper athletic participation forms:
http://www.stvm.com/athletics/athletic_director.php, Looking for a chance to learn photography, shoot and build a rocket, or even perfect your four point stance with a State Champion? Be Your Best… Be Irish this summer at St. Vincent-St. Mary High School!
 St. Vincent-St. Mary’s Camp Irish, offers school-age students a chance to develop through a variety of enrichment experiences. We provide opportunities for growth, both academically and athletically, in a safe and exciting atmosphere. Come and join us this summer to make new friends and learn all about what the STVM community has to offer you.  Register online to save your spot for Camp Irish. 
Register now:
http://www.stvm.com/athletics/summer_camps_online.php, Today our seniors show off their tie-dye unirform shirts.  This has become a tradition for the senior class year after year during their last week of school.  Here they are eating their lunch out on the hill., Join our Alumni this month!, 31 STVM Senior Athletes Sign Letters of Intent 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5yjTLsUYCUM&list=UU6KFt3sTuN-Y8A7mc3OFqEA&feature=share, Congrats to our 2014 Prom King and Queen: PJ O'Neil and Christina Brigeman, null, From the Athletic Department: 31 STVM senior athletes signed their letters of intent today to colleges of their choice! The entire senior class and their parents and family were in attendance.  
Here are our athletes:
Dante Booker Jr.: Ohio State University (Football)		
Parris Campbell Jr.: Ohio State University (Football)	
Travonte Junius: University of Akron (Football)			
Newman Williams: University of Akron (Football)		
Nathan Bischof: University of Akron	(Football)		
Aaron Bushner: Lake Erie College (Football)		
Tyler Moran: John Carroll University (Football)			
Shannon Jack: Slippery Rock (Basketball)		
Jordan Korinek: Kent State University (Basketball)		
Alexis Taylor: University of Findlay (Basketball)			
Kiley May: Tiffin University (Basketball)			
Jalen Hudson: Virginia Tech (Basketball)			
Julia Mendiola: University of Toledo	(Cross Country & Track)	
Corey Large: John Carroll University (Cross Country & Track)
Erin McNulty: Catholic University of America (Cross Country & Track)	
Jordan Sensabaugh: Lake Erie College (Track)			
Marie Hammer: Ashland University (Track)			
Katie Goedecke: Mount Union (Soccer)			
Lexi Mathern: Kent State University	(Soccer)	
Brendan Luebbering: Mount Union (Soccer)			
Stephen Dages: Mount Union (Soccer)			
Evan Hofacker: University of Akron (Bowling)			
Emily Roberts: Capital University (Golf)			
Lexi Chisholm: Mount Union (Golf)			
Corey Whaley: Marietta College (Baseball)			
Zac George	: Ohio Northern (Baseball)			
Calvin Miller: College of Wooster (Baseball)
Jeff Dehnke: Walsh University (Baseball)		
Nicole Paolucci: Notre Dame College(Softball)		
Aaron Adkins: Ohio Northern (Wrestling)
Ryan Skonieczny: University of Findlay (Wrestling), Today is all about our Class of 2014! Our seniors show off their college selections for the first time!  See any familiar institutions?, Calling all grade school students! Pick a camp, any camp! 

Camp Irish is your one stop shop to enrich your academic and athletic skills this summer! Photography, Rocketry, Drama, Band, Art and Irish Dance are just to name a few! Sign up today for Camp Irish! 
Be your Best this summer, BE AT CAMP IRISH!

Here is more on our academic and athletic summer offerings: http://www.stvm.com/athletics/summer_camps.php, Prom is this weekend!, Band concert scheduled for tonight has been cancelled and postponed to next week. Stay tuned, Power has been restored. We will see everyone back at a school tomorrow morning., Students have been released for the day due to partial power outage. STVM and Ohio Edison are working to fix the problem. School phones are down. Stay tuned to our social media sites for updates., STVM is currently experiencing a partial power outage and working with Ohio Edison to fix the problem. School is in session until further notice. Stay tuned for more info., Stop Two on the band World Tour- St. Matthew Parish School https://sites.google.com/a/smpsdomain.net/smpshome/, St. Vincent-St. Mary Fighting Irish Band along with band members from Immaculate Heart of Mary, St. Hilary, St. Francis DeSales, St. Vincent, and St. Matthew elementary schools are on their World Tour today.  Go Irish Band!, Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone who has been affected by last night's storm! Stay safe., STVM Science Students Excel at State Science Fair

Here are the results: http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1012&section=parentinfo, STVM Junior Aaron Kofsky Selected By All-American Model United Nations Team to Compete in Beijing, China

The STVM Model United Nations team competed this past January at The Ivy League Model United Nations Conference held by the University of Pennsylvania. 

Over 3,000 Students from The Top Rated Model United Nations teams from the United States and 11 other schools from around the world participated this year. 
The Ivy League Model United Nations conference is one of the oldest and most prestigious in the country. The STVM MUN Team worked tirelessly for 4 months preparing for the conference and did incredibly well for their first Ivy League conference since the Team was establish 4 years ago. 

Aaron Kofsky was selected by the All American Model United Nations Team while competing at the conference this past January. Its a very exciting and wonderful that one our students has received this honor this year. 
 
Aaron will be a 1 of 14 delegates on the All American Model United Nation Team Honors Delegation competing for the United States at the WEMUN EXPO 2014 in Beijing China. This is a conference co-hosted by Harvard, Yale, the University of Pennsylvania, the University of Chicago, Boston University, University of California Berkeley, Cornell University, and Georgetown University. 

Here is more on the 2014 All-American Model United Nations Team: http://allamericanmun.com/2014/team/, STVM was there!, After 16 years of service, please join us in saying goodbye to our Headmaster, Mr. David Rathz on Sunday, June 8th.  We will start with Mass at 11AM and then a reception in this honor.  Please join us!, Yesterday we sent our Rocket Team off to National Competition in VA, today we send off our Science Team to State Competition in Columbus!  Congratulations to our 16 students traveling to Columbus to present their projects at the State level! 

Congratulations to STVM junior, Alex Weber who has been named a finalist at The Intel International Science and Engineering Fair (Intel ISEF).  He will travel to Los Angeles, CA, all expenses paid to compete at the International level!  Intel ISEF is the world’s largest international pre-college science competition, providing an annual forum for more than 1,700 high school students from over 70 countries, regions, and territories to showcase their independent research and compete for more than $5 million in awards. Good Luck Alex! Here is more on Alex's honor: https://student.societyforscience.org/intel-isef, There is a lot to celebrate! Join us to bid farewell to one of STVM's greatest teachers and alumni, Mrs. Luanne Richardson V59.  Luanne, we are ever so grateful of your commitment to educate STVM students for the last 48 years.  We wish your luck in your retirement.  See you all May 30th!, Congratulations to our Rocket Program and Coach, Bob Engels!

On Friday, May 9th TWO STVM Rocket Teams, Team Delta and Team Echo, will travel to The Plains, Virginia to compete in a National tournament called Team America Rocketry Challenge (TARC).  Our rocket teams are two of the Top 101 Rocket Finalists nation-wide to compete. 

This morning we had a sendoff assembly for Team Echo and Team Delta (picture).  Here is more on TARC, the other 99 finalists, and more: http://rocketcontest.org/

A special thank you to National Machine, who has been a loyal sponsor to our Rocket Program!, St. Vincent-St. Mary Names Carley Whitney Head Girls Basketball Coach

http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1008&section=parentinfo
, Are you a senior parent wondering what is next for your student?  Before you know it, it will be graduation day! Visit the Senior Information page on our website for all the events leading up to commencement! 

http://www.stvm.com/studentlife/senior_informarion.php, Join us TONIGHT for our annual Spring Choir Concert at 7PM in the Theater! We will feature our Concert Choir, Faculty/Staff Choir (our newest STVM choir), Men’s Ensemble, Sign Team, Symphonic Choir, and Women’s Ensemble., null, From our Spanish Club to yours..., STVM Alumni Association announces our 2014 Fr. Thomas F. Mahar Outstanding Alumni and Irish Crusader Award Winners!, Nice Akron Beacon Journal article in today's paper!
STVM football team bids farewell to seniors, reloads with talented returnees

http://www.ohio.com/sports/high-school/high-school-notebook-st-v-m-football-team-bids-farewell-to-seniors-reloads-with-talented-returnees-massillon-names-cassie-schrock-girls-basketball-coach-1.485023, On Friday, May 23, 2014, STVM will facilitate an all school field trip to Cedar Point for grades 9-11. The cost is $65 per student. This price includes student park ticket and transportation to and from Cedar Point. Students sign up in the Bookstore. Payment and permission slips must be turned in to the Bookstore by May 1st in order for STVM to secure transportation. Download the permission slip here: 
http://www.stvm.com/parentinfo/forms.php
 
All Cedar Point Season Ticket Holders: You only have to pay for transportation. This fee is $30 and permission slips MUST be turned in., STVM Art Show is Friday, May 2nd! Fabulous student art will be on display and free to the public.  This show will be held in the Cosgrove Center on Walnut Street, which is the brick building in between the stadium and our school. Come down to STVM on Friday, May 2nd from 6-9PM and see STVM Art at its finest!, On April 30th, Patrick Dunlavy, St. Vincent 1967 Graduate, addressed the STVM community as our featured speaker for our Irish Voices Lecture Luncheon Series.  Pat discussed "Reinventing Yourself at Any Age".  He was welcomed by many of his St. Vincent classmates and community members.  Pat and his wife, Daryl currently reside in New York.  Pat has published one book entitled, "Now Playing...Again" which portrays a young senior student traveling back in time to his 1966 senior season football game vs. Archbishop Hoban.  It is a must read!, STVM Senior Andrew Rickbrodt's Success Story Featured on University of Cincinnati's Website

Suffering and overcoming a second grade diagnosis of dyslexia, STVM senior Andrew Rickbrodt tells his story of struggle and success as a part of University of Cincinnati's "Cincinnati Smart" campaign on their website.


http://www.uc.edu/smart/stories/andrew-rickbrodt.html, Educate the Congo Project is back, sponsored by French Club. This project collects new & used electronics, educational materials, sports equipment, bikes, etc. This week we will be collecting items. On Friday, May 2nd there will be spirit day for $2. All proceeds from this spirit day will benefit the shipping cost of our items. The people of the Congo are most grateful for our generosity in the past and have mentioned that when they build their next school that they plan to name it after St. Vincent-St. Mary. Please plan to contribute., Promenade and Prom is May 17th !
Promenade will be held at Green Street Stadium (weather permitting) and Prom is at Portage Country Club. 

Our website has been updated with all necessary forms regarding Prom and our policies.  View those here under the Student Life Forms section: http://www.stvm.com/parentinfo/forms.php, In just a little over a month, the STVM Class of 2014 will graduate and become Irish Forever! Here is a complete calendar of important senior activities for the remainder of this school year leading up to GRADUATION!, null, null, null, Welcome back! We hope everyone had a nice Spring Break! Now, back to work!, Join us April 30th for another fabulous Irish Voices Event!  Speaker this time will be Pat Dunlavy V67. RSVP to Ellen Cronin Zegarra VM92, Director of Advancement, at 330-253-9113 ext. 152 or ezegarra@stvm.com., Spring Break Building Hours
The Front Office ONLY will be open during Spring Break.  Access the building through the flag pole doors on Maple Street. 

 Good Friday 4/18/14: Closed
Monday 4/21/14: Closed
Tuesday 4/22/14-Thursday 4/24/14: Open 9:00am-3:00pm
Friday 4/25/14: Closed 
Monday 4/28/14: School Resumes, "Where do we experience God's love in our lives?" Whiddon asked. "God is present to us every single day of our lives."

Everyday our St. Vincent-St. Mary students share their faith journey. Read the link below to see how area Catholic high school students are "Encountering God".  
http://www.catholicuniversebulletin.org/LOCAL13/L1.php, Today we reflected on the Stations of the Cross.  Our students took part in two sessions; one in the morning and one in the afternoon in our theater.  Here are glimpses of our reflection., STVM's Mock Trial Gold Team graced the cover of The Akron Bar Association & Lawyer Referral Service magazine, entitled Examiner. They won The Jeffrey E. Schobert Award for Excellence.  Congrats Gold Team! Here is a picture of the Examiner front cover., “Harvest for Hunger” Fundraiser on Thursday, April 17th

The Harvest for Hunger Fundraiser for Seniors is this Thursday, April 17th! Seniors who donate $2 to this cause will be allowed to wear their senior shirts. Seniors who donate $5 to this cause will be allowed to wear jeans with their senior shirts. All money raised will be donated to the Akron/Canton Regional Food Bank. 

If the senior class raises over $175 dollars, every senior will be entered into a drawing for 1 of the 17 $1,000 scholarships provided by Fox 8 news. The senior class that raises the most money is also given 40 cedar point tickets as well as concert tickets to raffle off. Seniors, please support this great cause to help those in your community AND enjoy a dress down day and a possible college scholarship. See attached documents for more information about “Harvest for Hunger” and the possible scholarships. 

Click Here to download the Harvest for Hunger Quick Facts flyer & the scholarship flyer from Fox 8 News: http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=1002&section=parentinfo

Please see Miss Buehrle if you have any questions. , Razth and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster
"Our totally awesome musical production of “Beauty and the Beast” was off the charts!!  Unbelievable!!!  Congratulations to Director, Mr. Gerard Neary, and the entire cast & crew."
-Mr. David Rathz, On Friday, May 23, 2014, STVM will facilitate an all school field trip to Cedar Point for grades 9-11.  The cost is $65 per student.  This price includes student park ticket and transportation to and from Cedar Point. Students sign up in the Bookstore.  Payment and permission slips must be turned in to the Bookstore by May 1st in order for STVM to secure transportation.  Download the permission slip here: http://www.stvm.com/files/pdf/parentinfo/cedar_point_form.pdf.

All Cedar Point Season Ticket Holders: You only have to pay for transportation.  This fee is $30 and permission slips MUST be turned in., null, Here is our All-American Model UN Team at Cornell University! Good luck!, The Leprechaun Theatre Guild's Spring Musical of Beauty and the Beast is well underway! Catch a performance this weekend! YOU DO NOT WANT TO MISS IT! Here is a sneak peak of what's to come! 

Here are times for this weekend:
When: Thursday, April 10 - Sunday, April 13 
Where: STVM Theatre 
Time: 7:30 PM (Thursday-Saturday); 1:30 PM (Sunday) 
Admission: $10/person, Be Your Best... Be Irish!
STVM students explain what it means to be your BEST! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SWvqI7yaOeQ&feature=share&list=UU6KFt3sTuN-Y8A7mc3OFqEA, Tomorrow is Opening Night for the Leprechaun Theatre Guild! Catch a Showing of Beauty and the Beast! The set, costumes and script is a "beast" of a show! 

The Leprechaun Theatre Guild Presents: Beauty and the Beast
 
When: Thursday, April 10 - Sunday, April 13 
Where: STVM Theatre 
Time: 7:30 PM (Thursday-Saturday); 1:30 PM (Sunday) 
Admission: $10/person, This morning we had a send off assembly for our All-American Model UN Team! Our team and Coach, Mrs. Ruby Kofsky leave to for Cornell University tomorrow for a National Model UN Conference.  Here is our Model UN Team along with their Shillelagh Awards! Good luck!, Honor and Merit Roll for 3rd Quarter have been posted to our website! Congrats to all students! 

http://www.stvm.com/academics/honor_merit_roll.php
, Time is running out! Play Your Part today and help us to reach our goal of $50,000 by this Thursday!  http://www.stvm.com/development/leprechaun_theatre_project.php, BREAKING NEWS!
STVM has received the amazing distinction of being named a top All-American Model UN School!
Our Model UN Team will compete at Cornell this weekend! Congratulations to the entire team and Coach, Ruby Kofsky for this incredible honor! The entire STVM community is so proud of you! 

Here is a complete listing of all of the All-American Model UN Schools and more info on this distinction: http://allamericanmun.com/schools/, Over the weekend, our Men's Lacrosse team recorded their first win of the season!  They defeated Southeast 11-1!

This win also marks STVM's first Lacrosse in school history! Way to go BOYS!, St. Vincent-St. Mary Rocket Teams Blast into National Rankings for Team America Rocketry Challenge (TARC) Top 100!
Follow the link and look under Ohio to find STVM Team #14081.  Look above to New York to find STVM's other Team #14078!
http://www.rocketcontest.org/2014_national_finalists.cfm

Way to go Rocket Program! The sky is the limit! Be your Best!, This Saturday April 12th, the STVM Academic Challenge team will compete at Regional Competition at Cloverleaf High School.  This means that we are one of the Top 16 Academic Challenge/Quiz Bowl Teams in Northeastern Ohio.
Not bad for our inaugural year!, Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster
Even with all the poor weather and tough driving conditions, there were 103 students and 22 teachers with perfect attendance for the 3rd nine-week grading period.

Congratulations and “good health” to all of them!
-Mr. David Rathz, Senior Preston Hollopeter Qualifies for National Chemistry Olympiad

Preston Hollopeter, a senior at STVM, has qualified for the National Chemistry Olympiad! The national exam is on April 26. The U.S. National Chemistry Olympiad and the International Chemistry Olympiad are multi-tiered competitions that bring together the world’s most talented high school students to test their knowledge and skills in chemistry.
 
The national competition involves a 3-part exam administered to approximately 1,000 students. The 20 top-scoring students are chosen to attend a study camp in order to advance to the International Chemistry Olympiad. Congratulations and good-luck to Preston Hollopeter!, STVM baseball team looking to improve through experience: 
http://www.akron.com/akron-ohio-sports-news.asp?aID=22588, Last night, our boys hosted their FIRST EVER Lacrosse match vs. Revere High School. Here is a view from the stands., As the year continues to roll, so do events! The Spring season is generally packed with banquets, sporting events, senior events, Advancement events and more! Go to www.stvm.com and keep an eye on the STVM Events scroll, this scroll indicates time changes and cancellations.

If you click on the calendar tab, this will give you an itemized schedule of school events day by day.  You can also choose a monthly option for viewing as well.  , 4 days until St. Vincent-St. Mary Showcase! Make your reservations, purchase your 10K Tickets, and shop for items on our BidPal website! Do all of that here: https://givingcenter10-1.bidpal.net/Portal/bpe164890/main/home.html, Today, senior students left to embark on Kairos 22.  Kairos is an experience of our Catholic community, with a series of talks given by peers and adults. God's love is visible and enfleshed.  Please keep our senior students in your prayers today as they journey through this experience of Faith and Reflection., Spring sports schedules are posted! Follow your Fighting Irish this spring.  Both Softball and Boys Tennis open their seasons TONIGHT! GO IRISH!

Click to find schedules here: http://www.stvm.com/athletics/athletics_schedules.php, Attention Spring Sports Athletes & Parents: Spring Sports team and individual pictures are TODAY AND TOMORROW.  Click the link to see when your team photo is!

http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=996&section=parentinfo, Today our Spanish classes traveled to Tower City in Cleveland to watch Spanish short films. Sounds like a fun field trip! What's your favorite memory from a STVM field trip?, Two STVM Students Reach State Math Competition!

We are very proud of two Senior young men who have earned a place to compete this Saturday, March 29, on the OHMIO at Capital University. Seniors Preston Hollopeter and Andrew Rodgers - neither of which is a stranger to mathematics competitions and success. Both have scored very high on the Continental Math League, the Ohio Mathematics League, the OCTM Contests, and the American Mathematics Competitions., Today the junior class will be hosting a Spirit Day for $2. All proceeds benefit Childhood Cancer at Akron Children’s Hospital.

Here is more on this cause: https://www.akronchildrens.org/cms/cancer_survivorship_program/index.html, Do you have your ticket for 
SHOWCASE 2014, SOME KIND OF WONDERFUL!?
 You don't have to be a STVM alum, or be from Akron, or even from Ohio to enjoy Showcase on Saturday, April 5! We have a fabulous event planned! Come join the fun! Open bar, live band, amazing food.. and oh yes, a studio filled wtih amazing 'cash' and prizes! Are you interested in: an instant wine cellar? or is lunch with Jim Tressel more your speed? What about dinner to discuss Faith, Family and Football with ND legendary coach Gerry Faust? A Spa day? A Martini basket or two? Private Yuengling Brewery tour? Mystery Vacation for just $25? We've got it all! Check out these items and the other 500 prizes at www.bidpal.net/stvm We have a few tickets remaining, message me for details! I guarantee a great time!
 
, Congrats to STVM students Preston Hollopeter and Andy Rodgers who will compete at the State level in Mathematics!  This morning we had a State send off assembly for them, led by their teacher, Ms. Debbie Patonai. 

This is the second consecutive year that these two students have gone to State in Mathematics! Good luck boys!, What would you do with $10,000? Make that dream a reality! Enter for your chance today ONLINE to win $10,000! Follow the link and make sure to choose Showcase 10K Ticket under the Donation Designation drop down menu! http://www.stvm.com/development/donate_online.php, STVM Senior Girls Basketball Players, Jordan Korinek and Shannon Jack will represent STVM at tonight's Summit vs. Stark Rotary All-Star Classic at Malone University.  

Girls Basketball Coach, Joe Jakubick has also been selected as Coach of the Year! Joe Jakubick will serve as assistant head coach at tonight's game.  Congrats to Joe and his girls! 

http://www.ohio.com/sports/high-school/malone-set-to-host-summit-vs-stark-all-star-basketball-games-1.475963, 2014 Camp Irish Summer Camps have been posted! Visit STVM this summer for one of our engaging and enriching summer camps!, null, The excitement is building day after day here at STVM for  St. Vincent-St. Mary Showcase on April 5th! Visit and LIKE our Showcase page for info on buying your tickets, auction items, raffle tickets, event news and more!, Do you have your winning ticket?  Tickets are going fast! Call the Advancement Office at 330-253-9113 for your chance to win $10,000!, Reminder: Tomorrow (3/25/14) is NOT early dismissal.  STVM will have a normal school day., Non-profit organization for the disabled adopts sports program 
http://www.ohio.com/news/local/non-profit-organization-for-the-disabled-adopts-sports-program-1.475477#.Uy84DYAfgco.twitter, Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster

"We are so proud of our winter sports teams with the great sportsmanship they have demonstrated and the crowds of enthusiastic supporters they have drawn! Go Irish!"
-Mr. David Rathz, null, The Marching Band had a special birthday surprise today for Mr. Campbell! Happy Birthday Mr. Campbell!, With just 21 days left, over $20,300.00 has been raised for the "Play your Part!" campaign to help update the STVM Theatre. Thank you to all who have played your part by contributing to this project. There is still time left to help out before our April 10th deadline. Click below to Play your Part!

http://www.stvm.com/development/leprechaun_theatre_project.php, On March 19th, over 600 7th graders from around Akron came to STVM for our Annual 7th Grade Visitation Day.  Catholic, Private and Public School students got a chance to see what STVM is all about!  Here are a few shots of what their day looked like!, Today we welcome over 600 7th graders from all of the area grade schools for 7th Grade Visitation! Stay tuned for more pictures from our day!, Today our Boys Basketball Team will head down to Columbus for their 9th Final Four appearance in the last 14 years! Congrats to our boys and Coach Dru! Bring home the gold.   

Our boys will play Bishop Watterson at 2PM on Thursday, March 20 at the Schott.  See you there!, NFL great and current parent, Mr. Mel Blount showed off his Heart of a Hall of Famer to STVM students today.  The Pro Football Hall of Fame has a program named "Heart of a Hall of Famer" where NFL Greats go out into their community and talk to groups of students on the importance on moral character, commitment and dedication.  This program is then webcasted to other high schools all over the Nation.  STVM was one of the schools included in this webcast this afternoon. 

Not only did Mr. Mel Blount play 14 seasons for the Pittsburgh Steelers and is one of the best football players of all time, he is a prime example of moral character, commitment and exhibits a strong faith in our Lord, Jesus Christ. After his playing career, he served in administrative roles for the NFL and went on to found the Mel Blount Youth Home, a shelter and Christian mission for victims of child abuse and neglect.  In 1989, Mel was inducted into the NFL Hall of Fame and was named to the NFL's 75th anniversary All-Time Team.  In 1999, he was ranked #36 on The Sporting News' list of the 100 Greatest Football Players.   

Mr. Mel Blount is the father to current junior STVM student, Jibri Blount.

Thank you to Mr. Blount, The Pro Football Hall of Fame and everyone included in making this webcast possible., St. Vincent-St. Mary High School Welcomes New Principal, Mrs. Sandra Wilkes

The Administration and Executive Board Members of St. Vincent-St. Mary High School are proud to name Mrs. Sandra Wilkes as its new Principal.
 
Mrs. Wilkes brings a wealth of experience to the position, including having served as a Theology Teacher, Assistant Principal, and Service Coordinator at Lake Catholic High School in Mentor. Mrs. Wilkes most recently served as Principal of Mount Saint Joseph Academy, a college preparatory Catholic High School located in Rutland, Vermont.
 
“We are very excited to welcome Sandra Wilkes to our Administrative team here at STVM,” said STVM President, Tom Carone. “Her commitment to a strong Catholic identity and academic excellence align precisely with the current mission of STVM."
 
Her educational credentials include two Master’s Degrees from Ursuline College, Cleveland, Ohio: one in Educational Administration and Leadership and another in Elementary Education. Her Bachelor of Arts Degree in English Literature is from McMaster University, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. Her resume also includes post-graduate work in Theology, Educational Technology and Ophthalmic Technology at Georgetown University, University of Dayton, and Lake Erie College. Her educational specialties include best practices in curriculum and instruction, research-based practices in teacher quality and training.
 
Mrs. Wilkes and her husband of 27 years, Jim, will relocate to Ohio from Vermont later this Spring., STVM Junior Alex Weber Earns Opportunity to Participate in ISEF Fair in Los Angeleles, California!
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=992&section=parentinfo, Did you see our Marching Band and Irish Dancers at the Cleveland St. Patrick's Day Parade today?  Here they are with Brutus!, Once again, another STVM student is crowned "GRAND CHAMPION", The Fighting Irish Boys Basketball team has advanced to the 2014 OHSAA Division II State Championship. Here is important game and ticket information:

What:              OHSAA Division II Boys Basketball State Semifinal
                        STVM Fighting Irish vs Bishop Watterson Eagles

When:              Thursday March 20, 2:00pm

Where:            Schottenstein Center at The Ohio State University

Ticket Info:      All pre-sale tickets are $10. Tickets will be sold at STVM from 9am-3pm daily. No tickets will be held or reserved. Ticket sales will end on Wednesday March 19 at 3:00pm. 
If STVM wins and advances to the State Championship all ticket sales are handled by the Ohio State University in the auxiliary gym at the Schottenstein Center. The finals sale is CASH ONLY and it is a 1 for 1 sale. That means you must exchange the stub of your semi-final ticket to purchase a finals ticket. For example, if you have 1 semi-final ticket you may purchase 1 finals ticket, and so on., null, STVM Science Students Excel at District Science Fair; Sixteen Move on to State Competition:
Over 50% of students participating in the District Science Fair this past Saturday will move on to State Science Day at the Ohio State University in May.
 
This past Saturday, March 15th, the 66th Western Reserve District 5 Science Fair was held at the University of Akron with 387 students competing from NE Ohio. STVM had 30 students judged at the fair and 16 will be moving on to State Science Day in Columbus, on May 10th. The following students scored a superior which allows them the privilege to move on to State:
 
Freshmen - Elise Davis, Micaela Giltner, Alexandria Oliverio, Natalie Petit and Jane Rybka;
 Sophomores - Bryan Borodkin, Bridget Neugebauer, Regina Neugebauer and Hope Roberts;
 Juniors - Jane Bozsik, Mariah Costa, Johnathon (Jack) Mileski, Joseph Puhalla and Alexander Weber;
 Seniors - John (Jack) Giles and Erica Wolf. 

Several of the students also took home awards for placing in the top of their category and/or winning special sponsored awards that were particular to their area of study.
 
1. Jane Bozsik (junior)- 2nd place in Biochemistry 
2. Mariah Costa (junior)– 3rd place in Biochemistry 
3. John (Jack) Giles (senior)- ASM International award 
4. Johnathon (Jack) Mileski (junior)- 3rd place in Engineering 
5. Alexandria Oliverio (freshman)- 2nd place in Botany, Governor’s Award 
6. Natalie Petit (freshman)- 1st place in Environmental Science, Ohio Water Environment Association Award, Governor’s Award
 7. Jane Rybka (freshman)- 3rd place in Botany 
8. Alexander Weber (Junior)- 1st place in Physics, Office of Naval Research Award
 9. Erica Wolf (senior)- Ohio Soybean Council Award 

Congratulations go out to all the students who participated at Districts. All 30 students did a wonderful job of representing our school at the district fair. State Science Day will be held at The Ohio State University on Saturday, May 10th., Today is all about State! Congratulations to the 16 St. Vincent-St. Mary students who achieved superior ratings at today's district science fair and who earned a spot at the State Science competition. #straighttostate, Our boys are going back to Columbus! Regional Champs!, Congratulations to our Boys Basketball team who advanced to the Division II Regional Final with their win over Lake Catholic last night.
Their next game is:
Boys Basketball Regional Final at the Canton Civic Center
St. Vincent-St. Mary Fighting Irish vs Poland Seminary 
1:00pm  Saturday, March 15th 

Ticket Info:  Tickets will be on sale until 3pm TODAY in the STVM athletic department and bookstore. 

Pre-sale tickets are $6.00 and all tickets at the game are $8.00. All tickets are reserved seats except for students.

http://brackets.ohsaa.org/regionalbracket.aspx?t=4486&ts=10453¬=4, Attention Parents and Students:  Last call for the Fan Bus to the Girls State Semi.  This is a great way to get to Columbus!  No walk from the parking lots-you get dropped off at the door!  $25 includes your bus ticket and your game ticket.  Bus leaves from STVM at 12.  It is not too late to join the fun.  Call Mr. Jalwan in the Athletics office at (330)253-9114 and leave your name by 12:30 today.  Go Irish!, Today our Girls Basketball Team heads down to Columbus for the OHSAA State Tournament! Yesterday afternoon, our girls received their Shillelagh Awards! Bring home the gold girls! 

Girls take on West Holmes Thursday at 3PM at the Value City Arena.  Pre-sale tickets are available at school., St. Vincent-St. Mary is closed today (3/12/14) due to weather. Please stay safe!, Congratulations to the students returning from the Model United Nations Conference held at Notre Dame College. Nine of our fourteen member team were awarded as follows: 
Gavel: Matthew Chu 
Excellent Delegation: Hannah Rochford & Rachael Steer
Honorable Mention: Dominic Sciaretti & Jack Mileski
Honorable Mention: Chris Consilio & Mariah Costa
Honorable Mention: Brandon Grajzl & Kevin Oyakawa, Just 19 days into our efforts and we've raised $19,001!  Thank you to all who have 'Played The Part' by contributing to this project!  30 days until curtain call to raise 30,999!  
Please Play Your Part and help us reach our goal!, LeBron James VM03 and the LeBron James Family Foundation unveil the new spring sports uniforms. Promise Kept!, Congrats to the Girls Basketball Team who claimed the Regional Championship Title on Saturday!  They move on to the State Semi Final down in Columbus on Thursday at 3PM.  Pre-sale tickets are on sale NOW!  The Irish ended their 19 year long drought of advancing this far! Way to go girls!

Good luck to our Boys Basketball Team as well competing in the Regional Semi Final on Thursday night at 8PM at the Canton Civic Center! Pre-sale tickets on sale NOW!


Here is some live after buzzer action from the Girls game: http://youtu.be/j2Ly1un0w0k, Boys and Girls Basketball Advances!

The boys and girls basketball team each won this weekend and advance to the next level of the tourney. For the girls they have qualified for the State Championship and are in the Final 4! The boys have advanced to the Regional and are in the Sweet 16.

Times

Thursday  3/13

Girls Basketball vs West Holmes, 3:00pm (State Semi-Final at the Schottenstein Center, Ohio State University)

Boys Basketball vs Lake Catholic, 8:00pm (Regional Semi-Final at the Canton Civic Center)

Ticket Info

For the girls state semi-final: All pre-sale tickets are $8.00 and all tickets at the game are $10.00. All tickets are reserved seats except for students. Buying your tickets in advance supports the STVM athletic department and also guarantees you to be seated in the section with other Fighting Irish fans. You must save your ticket stub. The ticket sales for the championship game are conducted by the Ohio State University. Immediately after the semi-final game, you must go to the OSU auxiliary gymnasium where you can purchase tickets for the championship game. This is a cash only sale. 

For the boys regional semi-final: Pre-sale tickets are $6.00 and all tickets at the game are $8.00. All tickets are reserved seats except for students.

Sale Hours
Tickets will be on sale daily from 9am-4pm in both the STVM athletic department and bookstore. Ticket sales will end for both games on Wednesday at 4pm. 

For the girls state championship game, tickets will only be sold by the Ohio State University in the Schottenstein Center auxiliary gym.

For the boys regional championship game, tickets will be sold at the Civic Center on Thursday night and also at school on Friday., 26 Days until St. Vincent-St. Mary Showcase , Some Kind of Wonderful!  There are wonderful additions to the auction inventory every day!   ...Take a sneak peak by visiting
https://givingcenter10-1.bidpal.net/Portal/bpe164890/catalog/item.html?id=56&categoryId=, Every year, STVM holds a Art Poster Contest.  This year, students created posters for this year's theme of "Respect for our Environment."  They are then judged by two categories: 2-D Art Drawing and Painting and Photography.  Congrats to this year's winners!  Here is a video of this year's contestant's artwork: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cz-wunu_H3M&feature=share&list=UU6KFt3sTuN-Y8A7mc3OFqEA, Who will be at the Akron St. Patrick's Day Parade watching for our St. Vincent-St. Mary High School Marching Band and Irish Dancers?

http://www.akron.com/akron-ohio-entertainment-news.asp?aID=22308, Sophomore Parent Night Reminder

Sophomore Parent Night is this upcoming Tuesday, March 11, 2014 from 6:30 to 7:30 pm in room 256. A college representative will be presenting on “Navigating the College Search”. Sophomore parents and students are strongly encouraged to attend this presentation. Freshman parents and students are also welcome to attend. Please contact Emily Buehrle in the Guidance Department with any questions, (330) 996-0023, Important Note from Athletics:
 Tip off for Saturday's boys basketball district championship game at the Canton Fieldhouse has been changed to 5pm.
 
Pre-sale tickets for both the girls regional championship and boys district championship are on sale today and tomorrow in the STVM Athletic Office until 3PM both days!, This morning we sent our Mock Trial Team off to State Competition! Check out these future lawyers and community leaders with their Shillelagh Awards!

Good luck and thank you to their coaches!, Tune in to WAKR AkronNewsNow at 10:20AM today to listen to STVM Athletic Director, Andy Jalwan discuss OHSAA's new competitive balance proposal., null, Pre-Sale Girls & Boys Basketball Tickets On Sale NOW in Athletic Dept.!
Pre-sale girls and boys basketball tickets are on sale NOW in the Athletic Office.

Pre-sale tickets for Girls Regional Semi Final TONIGHT (3/4/14) at Barberton HS vs. Geneva at 8PM are $6. 
Pre-sale tickets for boys District Semi Final tomorrow night (3/5/14) at Canton Field House vs. Coventry at 7PM are $4 for students and $6 for adults., Tickets for Showcase 2014, Some Kind of Wonderful are now available online!  Visit www.bidpal.net/stvm to reserve your tickets today!  You can also print out the response card and mail your ticket order to STVM.  We look forward to celebrating with you on April 5, 2014!, Join us in celebrating our fallen but not forgotten alumni and friends tonight at our Annual Memorial Mass.  Mass will begin at 6:30PM in the LRC.  Event hosted by our Alumni Association., Do you have your ticket? You could win $10,000 at Showcase! Like our Showcase FB page for the most up to date info on Showcase 2014, Some Kind of Wonderful- April, 5, 2014!, We are so proud of Aaron Adkins, our TWO Time 182lb State Champion Wrestler! Aaron also set a new school record of winning two State Wrestling Championships!
Here is more on Aaron's big win: http://highschoolsports.cleveland.com/news/article/2445809635011809387/st-vincent-st-marys-aaron-adkins-wins-division-ii-state-title-ohsaa-wrestling-2014-videos/

Congratulations to all of our STVM Wrestlers who traveled down to Columbus for State! We are truly blessed here at STVM to share these experiences with our student athletes! Congratulations to Coach Anthony Gary, his entire staff and our Wrestling family- GO IRISH!, Aaron Adkins did it again! STVM senior wrestler, Aaron Adkins is now a back-to-back State Champion in football and wrestling! Here is your 182lb State Champion! Way to go Aaron!, Congratulations to The Fighting Irish girls basketball team! The girls beat Revere tonight to finish as District Champions.  They now advance to Tuesday's Regional Semi-Final at Barberton High School., Can't make it down to Columbus for Wrestling State?
Read stories, watch video, and view pictures straight from the State mats on Cleveland.com.
See the coverage here: http://highschoolsports.cleveland.com/school/akron-st-vincent-st-mary/, Want updates on Wrestling State and Cheerleading State this weekend?
Make sure to follow our Athletics Department on Twitter! 
https://twitter.com/STVMATHLETICS, Do not forget to follow STVM on Twitter!
https://twitter.com/STVMHS, Today, STVM Chinese students traveled to the Confucius Institute Chinese Language and Outreach Program at the University of Akron. STVM, along with other area high schools participated in many activites like calligraphy, martial arts, dance and much more.  Here is a sample of some of those activities., Missed a Recent STVM Publication?
Stay current with our Irish Items, Leprecahun Gold (school newspaper), Sports Programs, and The Connection Magazine by visitng our Publications tab on our website.  Visit it here: http://www.stvm.com/studentlife/publications.php
, Congrats to our Cheerleaders! 
This afternoon we sent our second team off to Columbus for State Competition! Congrats to our Cheerleaders who compete this Sunday in Columbus! Way to go girls!, Today STVM will make school history!  
Today we will have TWO send off assemblies for athletic teams going to State Competition.  This is the first time in school history that we have sent two different teams in one day! 
This morning we sent our Wrestlers off to State in Columbus!  The tournament will begin Thursday, Feb. 27th at 4:15pm! GO IRISH!

Pictured from left to right (weight class):
Ryan Skonieczny (138)
Aaron Adkins (182) 
Walter Gibson (145) 
Sal Ferrise (120)
Dre'k Brumley (220)
Ben Knaus (152)
Garrett Carter (130)

Alternate wrestler, Joe Koontz (126), not pictured.

Stay tuned for more on our second send off of the day for our Cheerleaders!, Join Us for Our Open House on Sunday, March 2!, null, STVM's Spanish Club Takes Part in the Pulsera Project:
"The Pulsera Project’s mission is to create a more just and colorful world through the education and empowerment of Nicaraguan and US youth.

We engage US students in international service to provide economic opportunities for young Nicaraguans. We also advocate for progressive ideas about international service that value economic aid as just one part of a mutual exchange that also includes the sharing of knowledge, ideas, and life experiences for the benefit of all."

STVM Spanish Club members will be selling these amazing works of art for $5 apiece.  Cooperative profits help provide education and microloans for members to start small enterprises.  

Here is more on the Pulsera Project from their website: http://www.pulseraproject.org/home, Seven STVM Wrestlers Earn Opportunity to Compete in Columbus; Team Wins Regional Championship! Way to go Coach Gary and our Wrestling Team! 
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=979&section=parentinfo, Mock Trial Headed to State Competition!

Congratulations to St. Vincent-St. Mary Irish Mock Trial who won the first place trophy, which was named after the late Jeff Schobert, at their regional competition and is headed to State! Awards to Brian Borodkin for Outstanding Attorney and Monica Pirie and Rollie Shank for Outstanding Witness. 

Here is more from ohio.com: http://www.ohio.com/news/schoberts-honored-for-how-they-lived-not-how-they-left-1.468402, It's Showtime!  The 50 Day Challenge begins today!  Click here to Play Your Part!  
http://www.stvm.com/development/donate_online.php, DO not for get to like our Showcase 2014 page for all the latest on Showcase! Do you have your 10K ticket??, STVM Student Wins Boys & Girls Club Top Award!
Congrats to STVM junior, Brian Brown, on being named the 2014 Bud Rogers Youth of the Year, by the Boys & Girls Club! 

Brian, a club member since 2008, will receive a $1,000 scholarship courtesy of the Dick & Chris Chenoweth Scholarship Fund and the GAR Foundation.  Brian will now move into State competition which could eventually turn into National competition.  The National competition winner receives a $50,000 scholarship from the Rick and Susan Goings Founda tion, awarded in the Oval Office by President Barack Obama. Way to go Brian! 

Here is more on Brian's award from the Akron Beacon Journal: 
http://www.ohio.com/news/local/jewell-cardwell-wayne-county-out-front-with-coalition-on-race-relations-1.466742?localLinksEnabled=false, STVM Local Blood Drive To Be Held on Friday, February 21st in LeBron James Arena

St. Vincent-St. Mary will be hosting a local blood drive on Friday, February 21 from 8:15 AM to 1:30 PM in the LeBron James Arena. The American Red Cross is asking eligible blood donors to help restock its shelves after severe winter weather that has slammed most of our country. 400 drives have been canceled resulting in 13,500 uncollected units of blood. Walk-ins are welcome at any time on Friday. Come save three lives with you donation!, The STVM Booster Club Invites You To Its Annual Night at the Races THIS SATURDAY!

STVM Athletic Booster Club Night at the Races 
Join the STVM Athletic Booster Club for a Rockin'-N-Rollin' Night at the Races 

When: Saturday, February 22 in the LeBron James Arena 
Time: Doors open at 6:00 p.m. Post time is 7:30 p.m. 
Details: Two large full color video race screens. Music entertainment with videos and dancing. All the old cash games will be available. New games for a chance to win additional cash prizes
 
Dinner Tickets: $25.00 per person (Includes food stations & all beverages). Tables of 8 available at $180.00 per table. Horse Tickets: $25.00 per horse
 
RESERVE YOUR TICKET NOW! DON'T MISS OUT! 
 
For ticket requests and reservations contact: 
Don Coughlin via e-mail: cough75695@aol.com or call (330) 524-6120., STVM Student Inducted into 33rd Annual Les Belles Perles Cotillion 

Over the weekend, STVM senior Ishsha Stubbs was one of 16 young women inducted into the 33rd Annual Les Belles Perles “The Beautiful Pearls” Cotillion at Quaker Station. Debutantes for this cotillion are selected by the following criteria: grade point average, school and community involvement, letters of recommendation and ability to meet the Chapter’s requirements for presentation. Debutantes are also required to take part in several community activities prior to their induction. During this event, Ishsha was awarded a $500 college scholarship for her dedication to her community and her school. We are so proud of Ishsha for this accomplishment!, STVM Wrestling Team Wins Sectional Championship; Nine Qualify For District Tournament
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=972&section=parentinfo, Tonight's boy's basketball game at Hoover High School is on as scheduled; JV at 6:00PM and Varsity at 7:30PM.

GO IRISH!, Congrats to our FIVE STVM Student Athletes who were honored at the Annual Dapper Dan Banquet over the weekend! GO IRISH!, STVM will be closed today (2/18/14) due to winter conditions. Please stay safe and warm!, null, The Leprechaun Theatre Guild Presents: Beauty and the Beast

When: Thursday, April 10 - Sunday, April 13 
Where: STVM Theatre 
Time: 7:30 PM (Thursday-Saturday); 1:30 PM (Sunday) 
Admission: $10/person, Good luck today and tomorrow to our Wrestling Team, who hosts a Sectional Tournament here at STVM! Your Irish will be hosting and competing! Good luck Wrestlers!

Where: The LeBron James Arena
Times: 
Friday: 4PM 
Saturday: 9AM-1PM and 3PM-5PM

**Post Wrestling Tournament: Girls Basketball to host Orange High School in the LBJ Arena on Saturday night at 8PM for the Sectional Semi Final Game.  

Note: these are OHSAA hosted events, therefore, all students must pay to get in.  Donor Society medallions will NOT grant free admission to these events either., Happy Valentine's Day from STVM!, STVM Family!
Share this to your personal page to welcome the brand new members of the STVM Class of 2018! 8th grade acceptance letters are out! Help us in welcoming them!, TUNE IN THIS SATURDAY, February 15, 2014 for our Academic Challenge Team's on air TV appearance at 7:00PM., REMINDER:
 Tomorrow is an early dismissal day. All students will be dismissed at 1:30PM., 2014-2015 Registration Information

Registration for classes for the 2014-2015 school year is as follows: 
 
All registration sessions will be held in the Jack & Ann Haag Student Center 

Class of 2015 - Thursday, February 13, 2014 - 6:00-8:00 PM 
Class of 2016 - Thursday, February 20, 2014 - 6:00-8:00 PM 
Class of 2017 - Thursday, February 27, 2014 - 6:00-8:00 PM 
Class of 2018 - Thursday, March 6, 2014 - 6:00-9:00 PM, STVM Supporters Drive Away Winners!
Tuesday, February 11, 2014 was a great night to be Irish.  Students and fans packed the gym to see our boys basketball team battle Youngstown Ursuline and to celebrate the amazing careers of our bowling, boys basketball, cheerleading, and athletic management seniors.  The Senior Night celebration kicked off what would be a very exciting night for the Irish. At halftime of the STVM Fighting Irish vs. Ursuline boys basketball game (of which the Irish were victorious), the winners of our 12th Annual Irish Family Car Raffle were drawn. Then, the unthinkable happened; a St. Vincent alumnae won two of the three prizes! This just goes to show, buying multiple tickets really does increase your chances of winning! We are so happy for Mary Henne, a 1959 St. Vincent graduate, who in turn, is thrilled by this experience at her alma mater! 

First prize, a 2014 Chevy Cruze donated by Bob and Kathy Serpentini and Serpentini Chevrolet for the 12th consecutive year, was awarded to Mary Henne, St. Vincent Class of 1959 alumnae and resident of Mansfield, Ohio.  Second prize, a 55” LED Flat Screen TV donated by STVM Parents Kipp & Ruby Kofsky, was won by Peg Bollinger, mother of STVM Junior, Christopher Bollinger.  Third prize, $500 in Circle K gas cards donated by Jerry Kelly HVM08, was won yet again by Mary Henne.  

Thank you to all STVM faculty, staff, alumni, parents, volunteers, and STVM supporters who purchased a ticket this year to directly benefit our students.  All ticket sales are used to immediately subsidize tuition assistance!

A very special thank you to our entire Advancement Team for their efforts and our special Car Raffle Volunteers: Barbara Whiddon,  Dan Petit, Ernie Bianchi, Allie Bianchi, Bev Waltz, and Colleen Kelliher, for their hard work and dedication prior to the raffle drawing.  We are Irish and proud of it!, Spring Musical News:
The Leprechaun Theatre Guild Presents: Beauty and the Beast
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=752&section=parentinfo, Thank you to all who have purchased tickets!

Good luck!, TONIGHT is our Annual Irish Family Car Raffle Drawing at half time of our Boys Varsity Basketball Game! Tip off for varsity begins at 7:30.  We will draw the winning tickets tonight! This is your last chance to buy tickets to support our students! Tickets will be on sale the entire JV and first half of varsity game. Tickets $5 each! Winner need not be present. 

THANK YOU TO BOB AND KATHY SERPENTINI AND SERPENTINI CHEVY CONNECTION FOR DONATING THE CAR FOR THE 12TH YEAR IN A ROW!, Congrats to our students who made Honor and Merit Roll! Way to work!

The grade point average necessary to achieve honor roll status is a minimum of 3.50. Merit roll students must achieve a minimum of 3.00 grade point average. We congratulate the following students for achieving this goal for the second quarter.

http://www.stvm.com/academics/honor_merit_roll.php, REMINDER for Alumni Parents of Current Junior Students!

The deadline to apply for the STVM Alumni Association Scholarship is Monday, February 10, 2014, TODAY!
 
Please visit the Awards & Scholarships page under the Alumni tab for more information on this scholarship.

OR click here: http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=969&section=parentinfo
 , STVM Local Science Fair Results
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=968&section=parentinfo, STVM Local Science Fair Results
Date Posted: February 6, 2014

The STVM Science Fair was a success this year. It was held Tuesday, February 4th in the Cosgrove Center from 4:00-7:00pm. There were 95 students who participated in the fair this year. The following 42 students achieved a rating of Superior and are eligible to move on to Districts at The University of Akron, which will be held on Saturday, March 15th: Freshmen: Leah Cavanaugh, Elise Davis, Collin Derrig, Isabella Difeo, Michaela Giltner, Alex Oliverio, Natalie Petit, Jane Rybka, Sienna Spaethe, Abby Volk and Clare Wagner; Sophomores: Maddie Angle, Bryan Borodkin, Gonzalo Diago, Vincent Diago, Lia Giffels, Alex Heard, Tobin Huffman, Daniel Long, Robbie Mathern, Colin McNulty, Kaitlyn Morse, Bridget Neugenbauer, Gina Neugenbauer, Kenny Rinehart and Hope Roberts; Juniors: Jane Bozsik, Marco Colant, Mariah Costa, Joey Gironda, Tony Locastro, Jack Mileski, Cannon Morgan, Joseph Puhalla, Michael Walker and Alex Weber; Seniors: Colbey Coombs, Jack Giles, Preston Hollopeter, Jackie McDowell, Paul Wilson and Erica Wolf. 

There were also top winners in three different categories. First place winners received $60 in gift cards, 2nd place winners received $40 in gift cards and 3rd place winners received $20 in gift cards. 

The winners are as follows: 
Chemistry, Environmental: 1st-Jack Giles, 2nd-Gina Neugebauer, 3rd-Hope Roberts 
Physics, Engineering and Computers: 1st-Alex Weber, 2nd –Jack Mileski, 3rd –Joseph Puhalla 
Botany, Zoology, Microbiology, Medicine and Biochemistry: 1st- Preston Hollopeter, 2nd-Jane Bozsik,3rd-Natalie Petit, Important Car Raffle News: Regardless of yesterday’s snow day, TOMORROW is still the deadline for online and student car raffle tickets!, In case you missed it:
Tonight's Girls Basketball game at Archbishop Hoban has been cancelled and rescheduled for this Friday, February 7, 2014 at Hoban. JV at 6:00PM and Varisty to follow at 7:30PM. 

Tonight's Wrestling Match vs. Archbishop Hoban and Walsh has been cancelled and rescheduled for this Saturday, February 8, 2014 beginning at 5:00PM at home in the LeBron James Arena., Today on National Signing Day, six STVM fall sport atudent athletes signed on the dotted line to colleges and universities of their choice.

** In addition, STVM winter sport student athletes have also made their college decisions. Stay tuned for more news on where they will end up!, Six STVM fall sport student athletes officially signed today to colleges and universities of their choice on National Signing Day. Congrats to our students!

From left to right: 
Dante Booker Jr.- Football, The Ohio State University  
Aaron Bushner- Football, Lake Erie College  
Parris Campbell, Jr.- Football, The Ohio State University  
Travonte Junius- Football, The University of Akron  
Lexi Mathern- Soccer, Kent State University 
Newman Williams- Football, The University of Akron 

**In addition, STVM winter sport student athletes have committed to colleges and universities of their choice.  Stay tuned for more news on their choices!, Irish Athletes for Christ Collect Close to 200 Pairs of Shoes for FreshSouls

http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=962&section=parentinfo, STVM will be closed today, Wednesday, February 5th due to winter weather., The Leprechaun Theatre Guild presents The Death of Dr. Pepper Friday, February 7 at 6pm. Tickets are $15 which includes a three course catered dinner, dessert, beverage and an evening of mystery and fun. Tickets must be purchases and reserved in advance. Deadline to purchase tickets is extended to Tuesday, February 4., Academic Challenge Team Advances to Regional Competition!

Congratulations to our Academic Challenge Team who won the Summit County Academic Challenge League Competition Blue Division at Kent State University on February 3, 2014. The team consisting of Jackson Odadzin, Andy Rodgers, Preston Hollopeter, Collin Derrig and Mitchell Adamczyk went undefeated in their division.  The shiny new trophy is on display in the Headmaster's Office. 

Their on-air TV appearance for Academic Challenge is February 15th at 7:00PM., STVM's Gold Mock Trial Team Advances to Regionals; Kelliher Wins Two Best Witness Awards:
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=966&section=parentinfo

, St. Vincent-St. Mary High School’s 12th Annual Irish Family Car Raffle is Underway! Deadline for online and student sales is this Friday, February 7th!

Purchase a ticket to win one of three fabulous prizes! Tickets are only $5 each!
 
First prize, generously donated by Bob and Kathy Serpentini and Serpentini Chevrolet for the 12th consecutive year, is a 2014 Chevy Cruze! The actual car (pictured) can be seen right outside our main doors on Maple Street. Second prize, donated by STVM parents Kipp and Ruby Kofsky, is a flat screen TV valued at $1,000. Third place prize, donated by Jerry Kelly is $500 in Circle K gas cards.
 
The grand prize drawing will be at half-time of our Boys Varsity Basketball Game vs. Ursuline on Tuesday, February 11, 2014. Varsity tip-off is at 7:30 p.m. in the LeBron James Arena on the night of the drawing. WINNER NEED NOT BE PRESENT. All sales generated by our Car Raffle subsidize tuition assistance and benefit our students directly. Tickets may be purchased from a STVM student, online, at school, or over the phone. Call Carley Whitney VM07, Director of Annual Fund, at 330-253-9113 ext. 112 for any questions or to purchase tickets!
 
Alumni and Friends: Please return your ticket stubs and payment to the following address:
 STVM Car Raffle 
15 N. Maple St. 
Akron, OH 44303, Congratulations to STVM Gold Mock Trial Team which won both their trials at the District Competition and will move on to Regionals. Bryan Borodkin and Monica Pirie won Outstanding Attorney Awards  and Rollie Shank won Outstanding Witness.  Pictured are team members (L-R) Monica Pirie, Rollie Shank, Bryan Borodkin and Ashley Johenning.  GO IRISH MOCK TRIAL!#Irishjustice, In case you missed it!
Tomorrow the LeBron James Arena is full with sports action!
 
Tomorrow's Events here at STVM (2/1/14):
11:00AM 9th Grade Boys Basketball Home vs. Saint Ignatius High School 
2:00PM JV Boys Basketball Home vs. Walsh Jesuit High School
4:00PM Varsity Boys Basketball Home vs. Walsh Jesuit High School 
6:00PM JV Girls Basketball Home vs. Canton Central Catholic 
7:30 PM Varsity Girls Basketball Home vs. Canton Central Catholic
 
Important: Come down for a boys game and your ticket is valid for the entire day! 

Tomorrow night (2/1/14) is also our Girls Basketball Senior Night! Come down and support our girls!, null, Good luck today to our Mock Trial Teams who travel downtown for District Competition at the Summit County Courthouse!, Do not forget about this Saturday's Pre-Super Bowl Party hosted by Irish Athletes for Christ:

IRISH ATHLETES FOR CHRIST PRE-SUPER BOWL PARTY 
Saturday, February 1, 2014 
*9:00-11:00 PM 
Jack & Ann Haag Student Center and The LeBron James Arena 
*(Immediately following the girl’s varsity basketball game) 

**ALL are welcome to attend the event. Students, alumni, non-athletes, etc.** 
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=962&section=parentinfo, STVM Model United Nations Team to Compete at the Ivy League Conference at University of Pennsylvania
  
Our STVM Model United Nations team departed today for Philadelphia. They will be competing at the Ivy League Model UN Conference (ILMUNC) hosted by the University of Pennsylvania's International Affairs Association from Thursday, Jan. 30th to Sunday, Feb. 2nd. This conference is considered a championship conference and is among the top three high school MUN conferences in the world. STVM is one of fifty-four teams invited to compete. Our students will compete against the best teams in the nation.

Congratulations to our Model UN team members for their hard work and dedication: Katie Engels, Brandon Grajzl, Joanne Lutman, Hannah Rochford, Kevin Oyakawa, Chris Consilio, and Jack Mileski. In addition, Aaron Kofsky has been named Head Delegate (team captain)! 

Here is more on this conference: http://www.ilmunc.com/
, STVM Sophomore Receives Praise for Poem!
Catholic Schools Week blessings continue to roll in!  The Diocese of Cleveland, Office of Ministry to African American Catholics, sent Mr. Rathz a letter.  The Diocese of Cleveland Reverend Doctor Martin Luther King, Jr. Committee congratulates STVM sophomore Tobin Huffman as the first place essay winner in their Essay, Poem and Poster Contest.   He will receive a certificate and $75 worth of Amazon gift card money. 

Congratulations to Tobin and his teacher, Mrs. Anderson for your  success!, null, STVM will be closed again tomorrow, Wednesday, January 29th due to winter conditions. Stay safe and warm!, Freezing temperatures or not, yesterday was the first day of Catholic Schools Week.

At STVM we kicked off Catholic Schools Week by sending 60 senior retreatants to Kairos 21.  Kairos is a retreat series for senior students, led by STVM faculty and peers who host a three day long faith-based retreat for senior students. 

Happy Catholic Schools Week!, Staying in tonight during this arctic blast?
Tune in and set your DVR's tonight to High School Sports Insider for a feature on STVM scholar athlete, Lucy Daugherty.  Lucy will be featured tonight at 7PM on High School Sports Insider on Time Warner Cable Sports Channel (311 & HD 1311).

Later, her feature will be available online at: http://www.citybeat-tv.com/?page=watch&show=2
, Urgent: STVM is closed today (1/27/14) and tomorrow (1/28/14) due to expected severe weather. School should resume Wednesday (1/29/14)., Urgent: STVM is closed today (1/27/14) due to severe weather. Please stay safe!

However, Kairos 21 is still on.  Seniors attending should be at school no later than 4:30p.m. and the bus will leave promptly at 4:45p.m., Irish Athletes for Christ is a faith based athletic group of over 100 STVM student athletes who meet monthly to discusss athletic topics based solely on faith and organize programs which give back to our community. This group is run by STVM faculty who are coaches and guidance counselors.  Speakers by the likes of Jim Tressel and Gerry Faust have come to share their testimony.  Our athletes all have certain athletic abilities and championship experiences but what we are most proud of is their strong belief in Our Lord, Jesus Christ. 

Here is a look at their next event! Irish Athletes is hosting a Pre-Super Bowl Party on 2/1/14 following our Girls Basketball Senior Night vs. Canton Central Catholic.  This party will benefit FreshSouls, a non-profit organization that provides shoes for children and adults in need., In early celebration of Catholic Schools Week, today is Student Appreciation Day! Our amazing students received homemade cookies during lunch! We love our students!, Reminder!
Showcase Volunteer meeting TONIGHT!, Reminder: today is early dismissal.  All students are dismissed at 1:30 p.m., STVM Music Students Excel at the Ohio Music Education Association District VI Solo and Ensemble Adjudicated Event, Breaking News:
STVM Endowment Fund Now Offering Family & Memorial Scholarships for Current Students
 
The STVM Endowment Fund offers scholarships to current students through the Family & Memorial Scholarship Program. The deadline for current students to complete scholarship applications is March 3, 2014.

Click here for more on these scholarships: http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=958&section=parentinfo, STVM Offering ACT Prep Class to Help Students Prepare for April Test

These classes are designed to help prepare students for the April 12th, 2014 ACT test 

Instructors: STVM Teachers from the Mathematics, Language Arts & Science Departments 
Students: any STVM student interested in preparing for the ACT test 
Dates: 8 two-hour sessions on Thursday evenings February 20th through April 10th 
Time: 5:00 pm - 7:00 pm 
Site: STVM Lecture Hall (Room #256)
Fee: $85, Want to learn more about the Promise and construction project behind The LeBron James Arena?
Check out all the details here on our website:
http://www.stvm.com/athletics/lebron_james_arena.php, STVM Seniors, Dante Booker and Parris Campbell, along with STVM Alum and current Ohio State Football Player, Doran Grant VM11 have all been nominated for the 2013 cleveland.com Sports Awards.  These awards will take place this Thursday and are hosted by NFL Great, Cris Carter.

Way to go boys!

 http://www.cleveland.com/sportsawards/, Congratulations to the Fighting Irish Cheerleaders who placed 1st over the weekend at the Cheer Time New Year's Extravaganza!, null, null, Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster

"An amazing 107 very committed students had perfect attendance this semester, and their grades will probably reflect all that attention and effort."
-Mr. David Rathz, Our girls are on a roll!
Our STVM Girls Basketball Team is currently 12-0. Their next game is tomorrow afternoon (1/18/14) vs. Dublin Coffman (Columbus). JV at 1:00pm and Varsity at 2:30pm. 

http://www.ohio.com/news/high-school-girls-basketball-five-senior-starters-equals-experience-wins-at-st-v-m-1.459932, Join un on 1/23/14!, REMINDER: NO SCHOOL TOMORROW (1/17/14)- Records Day or Monday (1/20/14)- Martin Luther King Jr. Day., What a fabulous look back at last year! Who's ready for April 5th?? We sure are!, Hitting the Slopes: 50 STVM students are on their way to Holiday Valley for our annual New York Ski Trip. What a great way to celebrate the end of exam week!, Thirteen STVM Students Earn Art & Writing Scholastic Honors at National Competition, Financial Aid Night is on Tuesday, January 21st starting at 7:00 PM in room 256. Every parent of a senior is STRONGLY encouraged to attend. Junior parents are also welcome to attend. Contact our Guidance Counselors, Emily Knapp or Emily Buehrle if you have any questions., Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster

"It’s exam week and we hope everyone does their very best—you walk this path but once!"
-Mr. David Rathz, null, The Leprechaun Theatre Guild Presents: The Death of Dr. Pepper 

More info on our Annual Murder Mystery put on by our magnificent Drama Department: http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=752&section=parentinfo, VOTE FOR COACH DRU!
Vote for Boys Basketball Coach, Coach Dru Joyce, for the USA Today High School Sports National Coach of the Year for 2014:
 http://contest.usatodayhss.com/vote/bball-coach-2014/round-1/oh, null, null, Our St. Vincent-St. Mary Girls Basketball Team is currently 12-0 with their victory over Medina last night. Here is more on their win and season: 
http://www.ohio.com/sports/high-school/st-v-m-59-medina-38-intense-irish-take-charge-1.459123?localLinksEnabled=false&utm_source=twitterfeed&utm_medium=twitter, St. Vincent-St. Mary Local Science Day:
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=952&section=parentinfo, Tonight at Guy's Party Centre, The Touchdown Club will honor STVM athletes and coaches. Congratulations to all!, Way to go Shannon! STVM Senior Guard, Shannon Jack scored her 1,000th point over the weekend!, We would like to wish all of our students success during this week's semester exams!  Here is the schedule for Tuesday-Thursday! 

http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=951&section=parentinfo, 2012-2013: 
98% of the Class of 2013 went to college and 73% earned college money in the form of scholarships and grants
Each graduate of the Class of 2013 earned on average $92,000 in college money
Record setting Valedictorian receiving 41.25 credits during high school career  
30 Advanced Placement Scholars -10 with Honors (3.25 on 4 or more), 6 with Distinction (3.5 on 5 or more)
5 National Merit Scholars
7 State Championship Appearances
3 Team State Championship Titles 
3 Individual State Championship Titles
1 State Championship Runner-Up 
Partners with The Cambridge Institute of International Education 
Multiple Faith-based retreats available for entire student body
12 Chinese International Students 
Partners with LeBron James Family Foundation  
Team Alpha placed 1st in Ohio and 13th nationally out of 738 teams at Team Rocketry Challenge 
NASA selected STVM to be one of 20 teams to compete in Huntsville, Alabama 
Announced installment of Robotics Program
Best Medicine Fair - 1 Grand Award, 1 Gold Award, 2 Silver Awards, and 3 Bronze Awards
Northeastern Ohio Science and Engineering Fair (NEOSEF) Grand Prize Intel Grand Champion
Ohio State Science Competition - 19 STVM students earn top honors in Akron and move to State Competition in Columbus
One Cleveland Clinic Summer Internship Program Recipient
Two STVM students competed at Ohio High School Math  Invitational and qualified for State Competition. One student placed third
One Russian Laureate Scholar - only 41 more chosen nationally
Third place finish in Confucius Institute Competition
Holocaust Art Competition -1st place winner 
Governors Art Competition - 13 to State, 2 State Winners, 1 top Winner in Photography (only three other Catholic schools competing in the State)
Both Mock Trial Teams compete at State Competition
19 Academic Award Letter Winners 
One National Award for Youth Volunteerism -presented by Senator LaRose
One City of Akron Global Service Youth Award
Peer Ministry hosted Adopt-A-Family which supplied 35 families with Christmas presents, 2014 Semester Exam Schedule for Next Week: 
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=951&section=parentinfo, In Robotics inaugural year, our STVM Robotics Team will compete in the State Qualifier competition this weekend in Cleveland.  Here are some shots of the robot and the arena they have built.  The robot is required to do certain autonomous and manual tasks at competition.  Teacher Bob Engels and STVM senior Jack Giles go over their game plan for these tasks.  

Here is more on the State Qualifier:https://sites.google.com/site/homeofbrushrobotics/home/ftc-qualifying-tournament, Today we welcome shadows from the following grade schools:
St. Mary 
St. Joseph 
Visitainer Middle School in Brunswick

We hope you enjoy your day! Be your Best...Be Irish!, null, null, Today we welcome Principals from local Catholic grade schools.  Thank you for attending our Annual Principals Breakfast in our Center for Science and Technology.   

Pictured, Teacher, Bob Engels addresses the crowd about Rocketry and Robotics and how we incorporate Engineering on a daily basis., A message from Admissions:
Join us for CYO Night this Saturday at our St. Vincent-St. Mary Girls Basketball vs. Kenmore game at STVM.  JV tips off at 1:00 and Varsity at 2:30.  Our Girls are 10-0 and ranked #4 in the State!, We would like to wish good luck to all of the 8th graders making their high school decision this month! We hope you choose STVM!

WHY STVM you may ask--> find out here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F9ZpvKIcDbA&feature=share&list=UU6KFt3sTuN-Y8A7mc3OFqEA&index=1, Welcome back to school STVM!, Save in the new year! Be sure to drop off your TRIP order before 9am Wednesday (tomorrow) in the drop box so that you get your gift cards next week!, School Closing: Due to expected severe weather tomorrow, there will NOT be school (1/7/14).

After school events cancelled (1/7/14):
JV and Varsity St. Vincent-St. Mary Girls Basketball home game vs. Mansfield Senior has been cancelled and rescheduled for January 20, 2014 at home.  JV at 5:00pm and Varisty at 6:30pm., Please note: as of now, school has been cancelled for Monday, January 6, 2014 ONLY.  Other school day cancellations will be made tomorrow if necessary.  Thank you for your cooperation.  

Stay safe in this cold weather STVM family!, Due to expected severe weather tomorrow, there will NOT be school (1/6/14)., Great article from the ABJ on STVM's Chinese International Students extending their stay!

http://www.ohio.com/news/chinese-students-extend-their-stay-private-schools-enrich-akron-students-through-chinese-exchange-programs-1.456640#.UscJyZab_ZQ.facebook, Here are our outstanding STVM students direct from the Alamodome in San Antonio, TX! This picture of Cassie and Dante was taken right after Dante was awarded the Defensive Player of the Year trophy at the U.S. Army All-American Bowl! 

How great are our students?!, null, Did you know...
STVM has TWO students attending the U.S. Army All-American Bowl in San Antonio, TX right now! 
Today, Senior Linebacker, Dante Booker played in the All-American football game. Dante was dubbed an All-American in 2013. 

Senior, Cassie Jakubick, stellar student athlete and member of the Girls Basketball Team, is in attendance at the U.S Army All-American Bowl as a finalist for the Pro Football Hall of Fame Award for Excellence. This is a national scholarship in which Cassie was selected as one of ten finalists nation-wide.

Fun fact: Both Dante and Cassie reside in Ellet, Ohio!

Here is more on the All-American Bowl:
http://www.usarmyallamericanbowl.com/about-aab/, We continue to count our blessings every day! 2013 was full of blessings and now we welcome 2014 which we are sure will be even more fruitful!, From all of us here at STVM, we would like to wish everyone a happy and healthy New Year!, We humbly ask you to make STVM a part of your 2013 charitable giving. It is not too late!

Link to online giving: http://www.stvm.com/development/donate_online.php, Change to Game Times for Friday's HOME Boys Basketball Game vs. Firestone:
Freshman Tip Off: 3:15
JV Tip Off: 5:30
Varsity Tip Off: 7:00, Congrats to the 8 newly inducted members of the 2013 STVM Athletic Hall of Fame., From all of us here at STVM, we would like to wish you and yours a very Merry Christmas!, We would like to extend our most sincere condolences to the entire University of Akron Football family. May The Lord guide you during this time., Today is your last chance to purchase your STVM Christmas gifts! Bookstore open today 10-2!, Irish Dancers Dance STVM into Break! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j3k8LCoMdfU&feature=share&list=UU6KFt3sTuN-Y8A7mc3OFqEA, Office hours over Christmas break are as follows:

Friday December 20th: 9 to 3
Monday December 23rd: 9 to 3
Friday December 27th: 9 to 3
Monday December 30th: 9 to 3

The office will be closed December 24th, 25th, 26th, and 31st .
Also closed January 1st,2nd, and 3rd.

Normal office hours will resume on Monday January 6, 2014.

Wishing all of you and yours, a safe and Blessed Holiday!, null, Every year, the entire STVM community supports families in need during the Christmas season.  Our Adopt-A-Family Program strecthes beyond the grasp of our students and faculty; parents and alumni contribute as well.  Each homeroom and constituent group is given a family to support for Christmas.  Gifts are brought in and then distributed to each family to help make  Christmas memorable for local families in need.   

Here is a look at the main Academic Hallway outside of the LRC.  Thank you to all who have helped make Christmas a reality for our families!, Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster

"Our St. V-M Symphonic Band is so good they can play beautifully even without their beloved professional director on the podium."
-Mr. David Rathz, Here is a Holiday sneak peek at our Christmas Social yesterday, hosted by Student Council.  Every year, Student Council provides a social packed with Holiday cheer.  Holiday Musical Chairs by the one and only Justin Beiber, snowflake making, Christmas cookies, pictures with Santa, and much much more!  We even had tacky Christmas sweaters! Happy Holidays!, Reminder: Parent/Teacher Conferences tonight! TWO sessions available: 3:15-5:15 & 6:00-7:30., null, Save the Date for STVM Parents' Night Out!, The Ed and Susan Lynch Jr. Bookstore is a great stop for Christmas gifts this year! Come into our STVM Bookstore and purchase one of a kind Irish items! Brand new Nike Irish Forever apparel is available NOW as well as Football State Champs Back2Back t-shirts and crew neck sweatshirts! All new inventory in today! Come visit us! 

Bookstore Hours:
 Wednesday, December 18- 8:30am-8:30pm
 Thursday, December 19: 10:30am-1:30pm (early dismissal)
 Friday, December 20 - 10:00am-2:00pm
 Monday, December 23 - 10:00am-2:00pm, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MMi4XWY2-kI&feature=c4-overview&list=UU6KFt3sTuN-Y8A7mc3OFqEA, No time to bake? Or better yet skip the baking and come enjoy our great Irish band and pick up your cookies at the sale. What a great way to ready for Christmas!
https://www.facebook.com/groups/133790600204/permalink/10151819468695205/, Tomorrow is Tacky Christmas Sweater Day at STVM! Break out those oldie but goodies and show off your red and green!, Here at STVM we have TWO Robotics Teams: Team Walle and Team Grasshopper.
 
Congrats to both Robotics Teams who competed in their first scrimmage over the weekend. Team Walle finished in 3rd place! Way to go!, Every year, STVM students head to the North Pole to help Santa on the Polar Express.  Here is a picture of our STVM elves!, The unveiling of the LeBron James Tribute Wall tonight at the Grand Opening of The LeBron James Arena.  Thank you LeBron James Family Foundation and Gloria James!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZO22ruuwRAE&feature=share&list=UU6KFt3sTuN-Y8A7mc3OFqEA, http://youtu.be/N3tMjq13isg, null, null, null, null, null, Thank you LeBron James and LeBron James Family Foundation! We are eternally grateful!, Thank you to LeBron James Family Foundation for paying us a visit today! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wN30WD4VVXc&feature=c4-overview&list=UU6KFt3sTuN-Y8A7mc3OFqEA, Make STVM your first choice! Explore the STVM Experience in more ways than ONE!  Visit www.stvm.com and find a tab that interests you!, Didn't get a chance to view this fall's Sports Program?
You are in luck! The online version has been posted! Check it out here: http://www.stvm.com/studentlife/publications.php, Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster

"The congratulatory notes keep pouring in on our football State Championship as the players keep meeting college coaches who want them.  All of this is overlapped with the winter sports in full swing as well.  Plus Christmas concerts on stage in the next few days!  What fun it is to sing and play a sleighing song tonight!"
-Mr. David Rathz, How Can YOU Help?
Annual STVM Adopt-A-Family Program Going on Now!
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=941&section=parentinfo, Congratulations to our St. Vincent-St. Mary Girls Basketball Team on defeating Walsh Jesuit last night! Our girls improve to 5-0 on the season.  Here is a link to their Plain Dealer article:
http://highschoolsports.cleveland.com/news/article/2013579507728275433/no-1-st-vincent-st-mary-wins-fifth-straight-beats-no-7-walsh-jesuit-52-44-video/, Parent/Teacher Conferences Re-Scheduled for Wednesday, December 18

The weather prediction postponed Parent-Teacher Conferences have been re-scheduled. Please join our faculty on Wednesday, December 18, in the Student Center to discuss your child’s progress in any and all classes. Our time schedule has two sessions: 2 full hours in the afternoon, 1 ½ hours after supper. The girls basketball team plays that same evening in the arena. So, parents could conference and see our highly rate girls team immediately afterward.
 
Conference Session #1: 3:15 to 5:15 p.m. 
Dinner Break: 5:15 to 6:00 p.m. 
Conference Session #2: 6:00 to 7:30 p.m., STVM Model United Nations Team Succeeds at Lorain Community College Competition

Congratulations to the STVM Model United Nations team on winning at Lorain Community College - Katie Engels & Joann Lutman for receiving Superior Delegation Representing Finland; Kate Baughman & Chris Consilio for winning Honorable Mention representing the Russian Federation; Matt Chu & Hannah Rochford for winning Honorable Mention for representing the Russian Federation; Brandon Grajzl & Mariah Costa representing the Russian Federation., Join Us Saturday!, PLEASE NOTE:
The Bookstore will be CLOSED Thursday (12/12/13) and Friday (12/13/13) of this week.  

Pre-sale tickets for Saturday's Grand Opening will be available Thursday ONLY 11-1 in the STVM Student Center., STVM Art Club Design's Banner for Akron's First Night  

St. Vincent-St. Mary Art Club has completed a banner for the City of Akron’s Countdown to First Night advent calendar to be unveiled on TONIGHT, Wednesday, December 11th on Lock 3’s parking deck. The unveiling ceremony will begin at 7:00 PM promptly and will take place on the stage in the large tent.

More on this story: http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=938&section=parentinfo, WHLO's Don Ursetti Interviews STVM Students on Academics and Extracurriculars! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xva4tFteDc4&feature=share&list=UU6KFt3sTuN-Y8A7mc3OFqEA, Today we would like to welcome Irish for a Day shadows from the following schools:
Northwest
St. Paul 
Bolich Middle School 
Stanton (Kent)
Immaculate Heart of Mary School 
Summit Academy 
Coventry 
St. Sebastian Parish School 
St. Vincent 

We hope you enjoy your day! Be your Best...Be Irish!, DID YOU KNOW...
STVM has a Gymnastics Team...
Congrats to our Gymnastics Team who finished 2nd last night at their first meet of the season! 

Visit the Athletics page on our website for the Gymnastics schedule and more: http://calendar01.dynacal.com/stvm/calendar.asp?T=C&SC=86350, STVM Senior Derek Whiddon's Academic Accomplishments Spotlighted by ABC News Channel 5

http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=935&section=parentinfo, Important info regarding tomorrow's Winter Sports Team Pictures:http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=936&section=parentinfo, Today we would like to welcome our Irish for a Day shadows from the following grade schools: Immaculate Heart of Mary School, St. Vincent, St. Francis De Sales, Sacred Heart, St. Hilary, Spring Garden Waldorf, St. Patrick, & Sts. Peter and Paul. 

We hope you enjoy your day! Be your Best...Be irish!, The 12th Annual Irish Family Car Raffle is Underway!
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=933&section=parentinfo, null, Stay Connected with STVM....
 ~To receive a copy ... contact THE STVM ALUMNI OFFICE (kholaday@stvm.com or 330-253-9113 x120)
 
~To view a copy -- follow this link because The Connection Magazine (2013 Fall edition) has just been posted on-line at the STVM website!!
 
http://www.stvm.com/files/pdf/alumni/the_connection_fall_2013.pdf, This morning, STVM Cross Country State Champion, Julia Mendiola was interviewed by WAKR AkronNewsNow morning show Ray Horner.  Here is a link to her interview:
http://www.akronnewsnow.com/sports/student-athlete, Division III state football championship: St. V-M 24, Trotwood-Madison 0 
http://www.ohio.com/news/top-stories/division-iii-state-football-championship-st-v-m-24-trotwood-madison-0-1.450114?localLinksEnabled=false&utm_source=twitterfeed&utm_medium=twitter, null, Here they are! Your 2013 Division III Football State Champions!, At STVM we do rallys and send offs a little different! Watch this full video and be a part of the STVM experience! http://youtu.be/oP-F_2dTNHc, Athletic Booster Club Christmas Party

Join the STVM Athletic Booster Club as they hold their annual Christmas party on Thursday, December 12 at 6:00 PM in the Eddie Wentz Room (located in the STVM football fieldhouse). Food and refreshments will be provided!, The gold is back home! Way to go Irish Football!, This is what it's all about! We truly are a family., The boys win! The boys win! Two time consecutive Division III State Champions! Way to go Irish, Fighting Irish Football up 10-0 at half! Go Irish!, Tune in to WAKR AkronNewsNow tomorrow morning at 7:10AM to listen to STVM Senior Julia Mendiola's interview with Ray Horner.  Julia is a member of the 2013 State Champion Girls Cross Country Team!  She won a Team XC State Title all four years here at STVM!, Today we welcome Irish for a Day shadows from St. Matthew, Litchfield, Tallmadge, and Akros! 

We hope you enjoy your day! Be your Best... Be Irish!, Just a little decorating of the LeBron James Arena before the assembly begins LeBron James Family Foundation!, WEWS NewsChannel 5 - Cleveland/Akron/Canton interviewed Derek Whiddon today on his academics, Boys State, Boys Nation, NHS Presidency, & football. It should air today between 5:00-6:30. Stay tuned!  

So much happening on top of the hill today! GO Irish!, Follow the link to find live coverage of tonight's Football State Championship Game in your area!, Set your DVRs to WEWS CH5 tonight for 5:00 & 6:00 p.m.! Their news crews are visiting STVM and interviewing students... I know you'll be impressed!, Head over to Massillon Paul Brown Tiger Stadium tomorrow night at 7PM to watch our entire football family take on Trotwood-Madison (Dayton) for the Division III State Championship. It is sure to be a special match up! GO IRISH!, Words cannot explain how proud we are of all of our students on a daily basis. The students we have at STVM are truly amazing!

 Just one more reason for pride, earlier today STVM Senior Linebacker and future Ohio State Buckeye, Dante Booker was named Ohio's 2013 Mr. Football! This is the first time in school history that a student athlete has received this award! Congrats to Dante and his family, the STVM Football Family, as well as the entire STVM Family Community! We continue to be blessed every day on top of the hill! Be your Best...Be Irish!

http://highschoolsports.cleveland.com/news/article/1158061180117867257/dante-booker-jr-of-st-vincent-st-mary-named-2013-ohio-mr-football/#/0, General School Announcements:
There WILL NOT be a 1:30 dismissal tomorrow. At 1:30 the Football State Send Off Assembly will begin. Students will be dismissed after that.

Tomorrow is a Spirit Day! Wear your green and gold in support of Adopt-A-Family! $2 at the door.  All proceeds benefit the families we support every Christmas season., null, Today we welcome an Irish for a Day shadow from St. Mary.  

We hope you enjoy your day! Be your Best...Be Irish!, null, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KsH3b1P9-4A&feature=share&list=UU6KFt3sTuN-Y8A7mc3OFqEA, Great interview with Athletic Director, Andy Jalwan and STVM Football Seniors, Parris Campbell and Newman Williams.

http://video-embed.cleveland.com/services/player/bcpid2436822743001?bctid=2887219117001&bckey=AQ~~,AAAAQBxUNqE~,xKBGzTdiYSQO_AtyrK_TWDarhTlAxJpV, It is Giving Tuesday!
Link to online giving: http://www.stvm.com/development/donate_online.php, Good luck to our Model UN Team who competes at Lorain Community College tomorrow morning.  GO IRISH!, Today we welcome a shadow from St. Matthew! 

We hope you enjoy your day! Be your Best...Be Irish!, Altered Class Schedule for this Week (12/3/13-12/6/13)

Due to the Bishop's day off, as well as the football team playing in the Division III State Championship game on Thursday evening at 7:00 PM, this week's class schedule has been altered.
 
Monday: No classes - Thanksgiving break 
Tuesday: Regular day of classes 
Wednesday: Regular day of classes (on Mass schedule) 
Thursday: 1:30 dismissal schedule with state send-off assembly beginning at 1:30
Friday: No classes - Bishop's Day Off, The STVM Endowment will accept Gr. 8 Family & Memorial Scholarship applications until 4PM today.  Please enter the school on N. Maple St. at the doors near the flagpole.  You may also e-mail application and essays to endowment@stvm.com., We look forward to seeing our faculty and students back in the building tomorrow. Enjoy these last few hours of break!, Tweet your "good luck message" to the football team using #irishpride or #stvmfamily and all tweets will be posted in STVM Student Center!, Important Info Regarding Football State Championship Pre-Sale Tickets:

Fighting Irish Football Team Advances to the Division III State Championship Game
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=930&section=parentinfo, Endowment Scholarship deadline was set for Monday. The deadline is now Tuesday at 3pm for turn in., Beacon Journal 2013 football player of year: Dante Booker Jr. of St. Vincent-St. Mary!

http://www.ohio.com/sports/high-school/beacon-journal-2013-football-player-of-year-dante-booker-jr-of-st-vincent-st-mary-1.448232, Football moves to the State Final Game!!! Game will be Thursday night, 7pm at Massillon Paul Brown Tiger Stadium!!! More info to come on tickets.    

http://www.ohio.com/sports/high-school/high-school-football-playoffs-st-vincent-st-mary-17-columbus-marion-franklin-9-irish-advance-to-state-final-1.448699, null, null, URGENT!
There will be an early dismissal today. All students will be released at 1:30pm. Alert calls & text messages were sent to parent/ guardian contact numbers.

Parent/Teacher Conferences that were previosuly scheduled for tonight have been postponed!, Today we welcome Irish for a Day shadows from St. Sebastian Parish School and St. Matthew. 

We hope you enjoy your day! Be your Best...Be Irish!, Parent/Teacher Conference Information
 

Attention parents: parent/teacher conferences will be held in the Jack & Ann Haag Student Center on Tuesday, November 26. There will be two opportunities for parents to come meet with teachers. The bookstore will also have extended hours on this night until 9:00 PM.
 
Session #1: 3:15-5:00 PM 
Break: 5:00-6:00 PM 
Session #2: 6:00-8:00 PM 

NO APPOINTMENT IS NECESSARY to meet with a teacher., Football Ticket Hours This week:

Monday (TODAY): 3-6pm in the athletic department
Tuesday: 9am – 9pm in the STVM bookstore during the day and during report card pick-up
Wednesday: 4 – 9pm during the girls home basketball game versus Shaker Heights
Thursday: Closed
Friday: TBA

This week pre-sale tickets are $8 and at the game they will be $10. So save $2 and support STVM by purchasing your tickets in advance., Irish Football rolls to State for the 2nd consecutive year! 
The Div. III State Semi-Final game vs. Marion-Franklin will be played at New Philadelphia's Woody Hayes Quaker Stadium. STVM is home team. Stay tuned for ticket info!

http://www.ohio.com/sports/high-school/high-school-football-playoffs-st-vincent-st-mary-40-hubbard-7-unbeaten-irish-roll-into-state-semifinal-1.447042?localLinksEnabled=false&utm_source=twitterfeed&utm_medium=twitter, Congrats to the 47 junior and senior students who will be inducted into National Honors Society tonight at 7pm in the Theater., It was a great weekend for the Irish! Football moves on and our Girls Basketball Team just beat Solon! Way to go girls!
http://highschoolsports.cleveland.com/news/article/5650478414307799112/jack-leads-the-way-as-st-vincent-st-mary-girls-basketball-defeats-solon/, Irish athletics tonight: 7:30pm – Varsity football takes on Hubbard at Ravenna in playoff action Go Irish!

Athletics Saturday: 9:00am – Varsity wrestling scrimmage at Canfield 
10:00am – Varsity boys basketball scrimmage home against Garfield Heights
6:00 & 7:30pm – JV & Varsity girls basketball season opener away against Solon. Good luck!, GAME TONIGHT WILL BE ON THE RADIO!, Today we welcome Irish for a Day shadows from the following schools:
North Akron Catholic 
CVCA 
Wadsworth 
St. Mary 
Litchfield 
St. Augustine 
Holy Family Catholic School 
Arlington Christian Academy  

We hope you enjoy your day! Be your Best...Be Irish!, null, Today after school senior students loaded up Mr. McDonald's car full of leftover food from our Annual Senior Thanksgiving Lunch.  The leftovers were taken to Haven of Rest Ministries Akron,OH.  We are so grateful for all that we have and all that we can share!, **STVM vs ARCHBISHOP HOBAN
Boys Basketball Ticket Info 
Tuesday December 3rd 

1) Each JV and Varsity boys basketball player and each JV and Varsity cheerleader will be permitted to purchase two tickets for the boys’ basketball game versus Archbishop Hoban. You can purchase tickets on Friday 11/22 or Monday 11/25 in the athletic department.
2) At 11:00am on Tuesday 11/26, all STVM senior students only, will be allowed to purchase one student ticket only, for up to one hour.
3) At 12:00pm on Tuesday 11/26, all remaining tickets will go on sale; first-come, first-served. There will be a two ticket limit.
4) No tickets will be held or reserved. 
5) Faculty may purchase one adult ticket.
**Exception** Based on ticket availability in the bookstore.
6) Adult tickets are $6.00 and student tickets are $4.00. 
7) All spectators must have a ticket to get into the game. No passes of any kind will be accepted at the door and no tickets will be sold at the game., Today the entire Senior Class joined in prayer and gathered for our Annual Senior Thanksgiving Lunch. Seniors bring in a Thanksgiving dish to share., null, Today we welcome Irish for a Day shadows from the following schools:
 St. Hilary 
Coventry 
Immaculate Heart of Mary School (Cuyahoga Falls) 
Middlebury Academy 

We hope you enjoy your day! Be your Best...Be Irish!, Thank you to everyone who donated to STVM last Friday on National Philanthrophy Day! Your support has been contagious! If you did not have a chance to donate, there is still time to get your donation in before year-end. 

Link to online giving: http://www.stvm.com/development/donate_online.php, Today we welcome Irish for a Day shadows from the following schools:
St. Hilary   
Coventry 
Claggett Middle School 

We hope you enjoy your day! Be your Best...Be Irish!, The Leprechaun Theatre Guild's Fall Production of, "While the Lights Were Out" opens this week! Catch a performance!, Parent/Teacher Conferences Information 
Attention parents: parent/teacher conferences will be held in the Jack & Ann Haag Student Center on Tuesday, November 26. There will be two opportunities for parents to come meet with teachers.

Session #1: 3:15-5:00 PM 
Break: 5:00-6:00 PM 
Session #2: 6:00-8:00 PM 

NO APPOINTMENT IS NECESSARY to meet with a teacher., Football Pre-Sale Ticket Info for Friday’s Regional Final Game:
Pre-sale tickets for Friday's regional championship game vs. Hubbard are on sale from Wednesday through Friday in the Bookstore. Adult tickets are $7.00 pre-sale. Children 6 and under do not need a ticket. Kickoff is at 7:30 at Ravenna High School.
 
Bookstore hours the rest of this week: Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday: 9:00 a.m.– 3:00 p.m.
 
Ravenna High School Stadium Map, Directions & Address: 
http://www.ravenna.portage.k12.oh.us/rhs/athletics_directions.asp, Today we welcome Irish for a Day shadows from the following schools:
Coventry 
Waldorf Spring Garden 
Miller South School 
NIHF-STEM

We hope you enjoy your day! Be your Best...Be Irish!, Thank you LeBron James Family Foundation and LeBron James!  We cannot begin to thank you enough for all that you have done for STVM!, We are so proud of our accomplishments! Here are our 2012-2013 Points of Pride!, Friday's Regional Final Game has been selected for the Cleveland Browns High School Game of the Week, presented by PNC Bank.  

We are one of six match ups for fans to vote on. Polls are open now at clevelandbrowns.com and will close at 9AM on Thursday, November 21st. VOTE NOW!
http://www.clevelandbrowns.com/community/youth-football/game-of-the-week.html, Today we welcome Irish for a Day shadows from East and Emmanuel Christian. 

We hope you enjoy your day! Be your Best...Be Irish!, FYI- BOOKSTORE IS CLOSED TODAY (11/18/13), Thank you Carla!, Attention Irish Nation:  
 The Football Division III, Region 7 Championship Game vs. Hubbard will be played at Ravenna High School Stadium at 7:30 PM on Friday, November 22nd. See you there! More info to come on tickets!, The Irish Moves On!
http://bit.ly/1jf0EAk, Hello IRISH Fans!

Tonight’s Playoff Game will be broadcast live on WHLO 640 AM and via web stream at:

http://www.iheart.com/#/live/3520/?autoplay=true

If you can’t make it to the game, tune in to cheer on your Irish via radio!   During halftime, enjoy live interviews from the press box with our STVM students and WHLO’s Don Ursetti.  The students interviewed will be:

Julie Schlosser 
Evan Hofacker
Rachel Iacofano
Corey Large
Shea O’Brien 
Taylor Paolucci
Lexi Mathern
Aaron Bennett
Stephen Dages

These students will be sharing their experiences in fall sports, as well as their achievements in the classroom and in service., U.S. Army All-American Bowl Selection Tour, How will you spend National Philanthrophy Day?
Donate to STVM: http://www.stvm.com/development/donate_online.php, Canned Food Drive Results! Congrats Seniors!, Twenty-four STVM Students Earn Academic Letter at All-School Assembly 
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=917&section=parentinfo, Today we welcome Irish for a Day shadows from the following grade schools:
East 
Green 
Holy Family Catholic School 
Immaculate Heart of Mary School (Cuyahoga Falls) 
St. Hilary Catholic Parish-Fairlawn OH 
St. Joseph School Cuyahoga Falls Ohio 
Middleburg Academy 
Revere 
Seton Catholic School 
St. Augustine 

We hope you enjoy your day! Be your Best...Be Irish!, Are you ready for some football?
http://www.akron.com/akron-ohio-sports-news.asp?aID=21298

Pre-sale tickets for tonight's Regional Semi vs. Poland Seminary are on sale in the Bookstore. $7 pre-sale and children 6 and under DO NOT need a ticket. No passes accepted. 

Bookstore hours today:
9:00 a.m.– 3:00 p.m., Thank you to Patricia Pacenta V64 for leading the presentation at Irish Voices this afternoon. Patricia spoke on the Fundamentals of Estate Planning., Today we welcome Irish for a Day shadows from the following grade schools:
St. Hilary Catholic Parish-Fairlawn OH 
St. Sebastian Parish School 
St. Mary 
North Akron Catholic 
Bolich 

We hope you enjoy your day! Be your Best...Be Irish!, This morning STVM Senior, Julia Mendiola, was interview by WAKR AkronNewsNow morning host, Ray Horner.  Julia has been chosen as a Athlete of the Week.  Her interview will air on 1590 WAKR on December 6th.  

Julia is a member of the the 2013 Girls Cross Country State Championship Team.  Julia has been a State Champion in XC every year at STVM.  She has been a member of four consecutive State Champion Teams.  Dan Lancianese and his girls have won five consecutive State Championships., A message from Guidance:
The Ohio Knights of Columbus Scholarship deadline is THIS Friday, November 15th! Turn your application and paperwork in to the college counselor ASAP!, Today we welcome Irish for a Day shadows from the following grade schools: 
Miller South School 
Sacred Heart 
North Akron Catholic 
Old Trail School 
Revere 
St. Joseph School Cuyahoga Falls Ohio 

We hope you enjoy your day! Be your best...Be Irish!, Congrats to all of our committed STVM athletes signing their National Letters of Intent to the colleges of their choice today for National Signing Day. 

A formal ceremony will be held in the spring to honor all of our STVM athletes who will continue their Academic and Athletic careers in college., Pre-sale tickets for Friday's Regional Semi vs. Poland Seminary are on sale TODAY-FRIDAY in the Bookstore.  

Bookstore hours the rest of this week:
Today, Thurs. and Fri.: 9:00 a.m.– 3:00 p.m., A little snow won't slow down the Irish in the post season!, Today we welcome Irish for a Day shadows from St. Sebastian Parish School and Medina Highland.  

We hope you enjoy your day! Be your Best...Be Irish!, IMPORTANT: Football pre-sale tickets for Friday's Regional Semi WILL NOT BE AVAILBLE TODAY at STVM. They will be available tomorrow (WEDNESDAY 11/13/13).

We would like to apologize for any inconvenience, as it was advertised previously in the week that they would be available.

Bookstore hours this week:
Today: 9:00a.m.-1:30 p.m
Wed., Thurs. and Fri.: 9:00 a.m.– 3:00 p.m., null, STVM British Literature Students Explore Chaucer's Canterbury Tales Through Unique Activity
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=914&section=parentinfo, Please join us for Irish Voices, this Thursday, November 14th. Seating is limited, please RSVP., Tune in tomorrow morning at 7:20AM to the Ray Horning Morning Show on 1590 WAKR AkronNewsNow .  STVM senior Dante Booker and STVM Defensive Coordinator Mr. Marcus Wattley will be interviewed about Dante and his participation in The U.S. Army All-American Bowl., Important Info regarding Friday's Football Regional Semi-Final:

Our Fighting Irish Football Team will take on Poland Seminary in the Regional Semi-Final at Ravenna HS on Friday Nov. 15. Kickoff is 7:30pm. 
Tickets on sale Tuesday at STVM. Stay tuned for hours on when you can purchase your tickets!, Today we welcome shadows from the following schools:
Homeschool 
St. Augustine 
North Canton Hoover  

We hope you enjoy your day! Be your Best... Be Irish!, null, Senior Dante Booker Selected to Play in U.S. Army All-American Bowl! 
Way to go Dante!

http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=912&section=parentinfo, Today we welcome Irish for a Day shadows from the following grade schools:
St. Vincent  
St. Sebastian Parish School 
Holy Family Catholic School 
Miller South  
St. Paul 
St. Hilary Catholic Parish-Fairlawn OH 
Field Middle School   

We hope you enjoy your day! Be your Best... Be Irish!, null, Attention 8th Graders:
Tomorrow is your last chance to qualify for an Irish Academic Scholarship! Take either morning or afternoon Admissions Test tomorrow at STVM! RSVP's are encouraged, walk ins welcome! $20 at the door.
Morning test 8:30AM
Afternoon test 1:00PM

Parent sessions available as well.  All tests after tomorrow will be for placement ONLY.  Be your Best...Be Irish!

Learn more about Scholarship/Placement Tests here:
http://www.stvm.com/admissions/placement_tests.php, Last weekend, STVM students competed in Academic Challenge.  Preston Hollopeter, Jackson Odadzin and Melanie Mohler represented STVM with pride!  Their taping will air the second week in February- stay tuned for more info on this airing., Get to the Bookstore ASAP to purchase your 2013 Football Playoff T-shirts! Shirts are $8!

Tickets are still on sale for Friday's home playoff football game at Green Street Stadium vs. Kenston.  Kick off is at 7:30pm. Pre sale tickets are $7.  All tickets will be $9 at the gate.  Children 6 & under do not need a ticket.  All athletic passes, Shamrock Society, Legacy Society and student passes will NOT be accepted, this is a playoff game run by OHSAA., Today we welcome ONE Irish for a Day shadow from Jackson Middle School.

We hope you enjoy your day! Be your Best...Be Irish!, STVM Alumni Parents- mark your calendars!, Football News from the Akron Beacon Journal: 
http://bit.ly/1cEwsRC, Merit and Honor Roll for the 1st Quarter has been posted.  Congrats to all! 

Check it out here: http://www.stvm.com/academics/honor_merit_roll.php, Today we welcome THREE Irish for a Day shadows from the following grade schools:
Sacred Heart 
Immaculate Heart of Mary School (Cuyahoga Falls) 
Spring Garden Waldorf

We hope you enjoy your day! Be your Best...Be Irish!, Here is Cassie Jakubick, our Pro Football Hall of Fame Award for Excellence finalist along with U.S. Army representatives and Hall of Fame Football Player, Joe DeLamielleure.  Joe DeLamielleure was inducted into the Hall of Fame in 2003 and previously played for the Cleveland Browns and the Buffalo Bills., This afternoon, STVM senior, Cassie Jakubick was presented with the Pro Football Hall of Fame Award for Excellence, sponsored by the U.S Army.  Cassie is ONE of TEN finalists nation-wide.  Each of the 10 finalists will travel to the 2014 U.S. Army All-American Bowl and participate in various activities. The winner of the Award for Excellence will be announced during the Bowl’s Awards Ceremony on Jan. 3, 2014.

Congratulations Cassie! 
See more at: http://www.profootballhof.com/Army/#sthash.AeChMQof.dpuf, STVM seniors, Annie Graff and Derek Whiddon will be recognized at the Akron Council of Engineering and Scientific Societies (ACESS) 66th Annual Honor and Awards Banquet on November 6th at Guy's Party Centre. According to ACESS officials, the event is part of its mission to promote education in Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM). During the event, Certificates of Achievement will be given to the best science and math students in area high schools, as well as Science Fair winners. Also, grants will be given to kindergarten through 12th grade science teachers, and STEM scholarships will be awarded to students of The University of Akron (UA) and Kent State University (KSU).
 
Here is more on this awesome accomplishment:http://bit.ly/1bS4RqU, Today we welcome SEVEN Irish for a Day shadows from the following grade schools:
Green 
Hudson  
Kimpton 
Mogadore Christian Academy 
Lippman 
St. Francis Xavier 

We hope you enjoy your day! Be your Best... Be Irish!, Important Playoff Info: STVM vs. Kenston Football Game 

http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=910&section=parentinfo, Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster
"We were all thrilled to witness our girls win the Cross Country State Championship for the 5th consecutive year!  The loss of only one senior this year is a sure sign that next year will be just as exciting!  Congrats girls!"
-Mr. David Rathz, Summit County’s 2013 All-County Teaching Team was honored during the Summit County Education Celebration. Congratulations to STVM's own, Mr. Dave Dages, a member of our Religion Department, on being nominated by the community and chosen to represent their school systems by a selection committee.  Dave is a member of the 2013 All-County Teaching Team! Congrats Dave!

Here is more: http://bit.ly/1azt48S, The Apple doesn't fall too far from the tree at STVM! Check out the Art Room's Apple Mac Lab on the bottom floor!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JL3sBKsTLDQ&feature=share&list=UU6KFt3sTuN-Y8A7mc3OFqEA, Here is more on our Girls Cross Country 5th straight team State Championship Title! http://bit.ly/1dHw8yG, Here are your 5 TIME Cross Country State Champions!! Way to go girls!!!, Five Time State Champions - 
St. Vincent-St. Mary Girls Cross Country!, This just in:  OHSAA Girls State Cross Country Championships: St. Vincent-St. Mary finished in FIRST PLACE with 101 points.  This is their 5th consecutive state championship.  Congratulations ladies!, Want to follow our four-time defending state champion St. Vincent-St. Mary Irish Cross Country ladies as they race for State today ?  Click on the link below for 2013 OHSAA Cross Country Championship Live Results.  GO IRISH!

http://www.finishtimingresults.com/2013/11-02-OHSAA/index.htm, Good luck tomorrow to our Cross Country girls!  They aim to bring home the State Title for the 5th straight year!

They run Saturday morning at 11:45 am at the National Trail Raceway in Columbus., Good luck to the TOP award winning STVM Model United Nations Team tomorrow competing at Ohio Northern Unversity!
 
Here is more on ONU's conference: http://www.onu.edu/academics/college_of_arts_sciences/academic_departments/history_politics_justice/opportunities_resources/model_united_nations, The Fighting Irish Football Team finished the 2013 regular season with a 10-0 undefeated record and will host a playoff game at Green Street Stadium on Friday Nov. 8th. 

Stay tuned for more info on tickets and time!, Today we welcome 10 Irish for a Day shadows from the following grade schools:
St. Francis Xavier 
St. Patrick 
St. Sebastian Parish School
Mogadore 
STEM 
St. Joseph School 
Lippman 
St Francis De Sales School 
We hope you enjoy your day! Be your Best...Be Irish!, Bring it home- 5 in a row! 
Good luck to our Cross Country Girls who run at the OHSAA State Championships Saturday at 11:45am! The girls are dressed in their Halloween best in the picture! 

The girls look to win their 5th consecutive title! Bring it home girls!, HAPPY HALLOWEEN IRISH FANS!, Reminder! The football game this week vs. Ursuline is THURSDAY 10/31/13 at YSU. It is NOT Friday., STVM Takes Part in National Mix It Up Day 
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=904&section=parentinfo, Attention STVM Students:
The search is on to find our top youth volunteer.  The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards is sponsored by Prudential Financial in Partnership with the National Association of Secondary School Principals (NASSP).   If you are selected you could receive $1,000, a silver medallion, and a trip to Washington D.C., next May.  If you feel you’ve made a positive difference through a volunteer activity during the past year, visit http://spirit.prudential.com to apply.  The deadline is Tuesday, November 5th and is open to 9th through 12th grade students.  Follow the link below for more information.   See Mrs. Dolan in room 331 for more information., Newly Formed Academic Challenge Team Excels In First Matchup

Congratulations to our newly formed Academic Challenge teams as they represented us well. JV won 3 out of 4 and lost only by 2 points in Overtime. The Varsity team won 2 out of 4 and lost by 1 in double overtime. They have been invited to tape on WEWS. Congratulations and keep up the great work!, This Thursday, 10/31/13, Student Council will host our annual Halloween Costume Contest.  Students will vote at their lunches for Overall Best Student Costume, Overall Best Group Costume, and Best Costume per Grade.  

Prizes will be handed out at an end of day assembly!  Good luck to all!, STVM senior linebacker, Dante Booker has been named one of 12 semi-finalists for the Butkus Award, which honors the nation's top college and high school linebackers. They are chosen by a 51-person panel based on the specific criteria of the I Play Clean initiative. Congrats to Dante and the rest of the candidates!

Finalists will be chosen November 26th and winners will be announced by December 10th!
Here is more on this award: http://bit.ly/1byuBZx, Attention Seniors!
It is that time of the year! The Early Action deadline for college applications is November 1st! Get those apps in early to the colleges of your choice! 

On the guidance tab on our website, there are multiple outside scholarships available FOR YOU to get college $! Check the list to see what you qualify for and get your applications in by the deadlines listed!
http://www.stvm.com/studentlife/scholarship_information.php, Good luck tonight to the Academic Challenge Team who has a meet at Norton High School! GO IRISH!, Girls Cross Country Team finished in 2nd place on Saturday at Regionals and move on to State Competition!

Boys Cross Country finished in 5th place on Saturday.
More on our XC teams:                  http://www.stvmirishxctrack.com/
Stay tuned for more info on State!, Today we welcome THREE Irish for a Day shadows form the following grade schools:
Immaculate Heart of Mary School (Cuyahoga Falls) 
St. Joseph School Cuyahoga Falls Ohio 

We hope you enjoy your day! Be your Best...Be Irish!, null, null, Today we welcome a full house of Irish for a Day shadows from the following grade schools:
Holy Family 
Bolich Middle School 
St. Vincent  
Immaculate Heart of Mary School (Cuyahoga Falls)
St. Sebastian Parish School 
North Akron Catholic 
St. Mary 
St. Augustine  
St. Joseph School Cuyahoga Falls Ohio 
Sacred Heart 
St. Paul  

We hope you enjoy your day! Be your Best...Be Irish!, Don’t forget to attend the Nature Hike & Reflection with Mr. Salvatore Saturday, October 26th from 1- 3:30pm in the Cuyahoga Valley National Park. Everyone is welcome and there is no cost.

Metro Parks, Serving Summit County, Good luck tonight to the Girls Soccer Team!
Our girls travel to Archbishop Hoban High School tonight to take on the Knights for the District Final Championship.  Kick off is at 7:00pm.

Come support our girls! GO IRISH!, Robotics is a reality here at STVM. See what our students do every day at Robotics. This year, two teams will compete on the National level. 

How cool is this? 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8PK2qI7kbXs
 Be your Best...Be Irish!, Congrats to junior Volleyball player, Taylor Paolucci who is one of this week's Akron Beacon Journal Players of the Week! 
Way to go Taylor!, Today we welcome TEN Irish for a Day shadows from the following grade schools:
St. Hilary Catholic Parish-Fairlawn OH
St. Sebastian Parish School 
St. Mary 
Immaculate Heart of Mary School (Cuyahoga Falls)
St. Francis de Sales 
Holy Family Parma  

We hope you enjoy your day! Be your Best... Be Irish!, This weekend our Boys & Girls Cross Country Teams will compete in the OHSAA Regional Championships at Boardman.  This will be the Girls 5th consecutive trip to Regional competition! 

Last year, our Girls Team brought home the State Title for the 4th year in a row and we had an Individual State Champion on the Boys side! Good luck Cross Country!

Cross Country Preview: http://bit.ly/1ifS4B7, There will be a fan bus for students to attend the football game this Friday at Massillon. The cost is $10 and will include your game ticket. Sign ups for the fan bus are in the bookstore. The bus will leave from the school on Friday at 5:30pm., null, Anyone interested in competing on the STVM chess team needs to see Ms. Philip or Mr. Griffin as soon as possible. 
The chess team competes once a week against chess teams from other schools around Akron. Matches last from 4 to 6pm on certain days of the week. Some matches are played here at STVM and others are played at other schools. If you are interested, let us know what days of the week you are available to compete. See Ms. Philip or Mr. Griffin today!, Today we welcome THREE Irish for a Day shadows from the following grade schools:
Summit Academy 
Goodyear 
St. Hilary Catholic Parish-Fairlawn OH 

We hope you enjoy your day! Be your Best...Be Irish!, We are out of the running and we need your votes! Help STVM win $10,000!
 
Take the pledge and keep voting! Contest ends November 3rd! We are currently tied with Brookside HS in the top 5!
http://www.safedriverpledge.com/, VOTE FOR STVM!
Take your pick and vote for whichever rivalry you think is best.  STVM vs. Archbishop Hoban or STVM vs. Walsh Jesuit!
http://bit.ly/1cbpKCj, VOTE FOR DANTE BOOKER:
Follow the link and vote for STVM senior linebacker, Dante Booker, as Cleveland.com Week 8's Top Performer. 
http://bit.ly/1dee3KR, Calling All STVM Seniors!
Jack and Ann Haag Scholarship - Immediate Opportunity for 2013-2014
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=901&section=parentinfo, Today we welcome two Irish for a Day shadows from the following grade schools:
St. Mary 
St. Vincent 

We hope you enjoy your day! Be your Best...Be Irish!, CONGRATULATIONS to our Girls Soccer Team! Last night they defeated Northwest 2-0 and advance to the District Final Game vs. Archbishop Hoban High School at 7pm on Thursday (10/24/13).  This match up will be held at Hoban.  GO IRISH!, Today we wish a prayerful goodbye to our 42 senior students who will be leaving to attend Kairos 20. Kairos is a four day retreat for our seniors grounded in Christian incarnation theology. It is an experience of Christian community, with a series of talks given by peers and adults.
 
Please keep our 42 students and 5 staff members in your prayers this week as they reflect and build together as a community. May the Lord guide you. 

More on Kairos: http://www.stvm.com/studentlife/kairos.php, Freshmen Student Council Election Results:
President- Kevin Fulkerson
Vice-President- Alexandria Oliverio
Secretary- Joseph Conti
Treasurer- TIE: Marj Sovacool & Natalie Petit 

Congratulations to our new class officers who were voted for by their peers! Thank you to everyone else who ran!, Congratulations to our Boys & Girls Cross Country Teams who both placed 1st at Districts over the weekend! They both move on to Boardman next weekend to compete in Regionals!  

Here is more from the XC & Track website: 
http://www.stvmirishxctrack.com/, Ticket and Game Information for Friday’s Football Game at Massillon:
This Friday 10/25/13 our football team travels to Paul Brown Stadium to take on the Massillon Tigers.  Kickoff is set for 7:30pm.  

Pre-sale tickets are on sale now in the Ed and Susan Lynch, Jr. Bookstore (STVM Bookstore).  Adults tickets are $6 and student tickets are $3. 
Bookstore hours this week:
Monday, Wednesday & Friday: 8:30AM-2:00PM
Tuesday & Thursday: 10:00AM-3:00PM

Address to Paul Brown Stadium:
1 Paul Brown Drive
Massillon, OH 44646, Today we welcome FIVE Irish for a Day shadows from the following grade schools:
Holy Family 
St. Mary 
Copley 
Tallmadge MS 
Lippman

We hope you enjoy your day! Be your Best...Be Irish!, Good luck to all of our fall sports teams competing this weekend!
Saturday- 10/19
JV Football away at Barberton HS 10AM
Boys and Girls Cross Country District Tournament at Good Year Metro Park 1PM
Boys Soccer Sectional at Orange HS 4PM
St. Vincent-St. Mary High School Volleyball Team Sectional vs. Fairless at Tallmadge HS 7PM

GO IRISH!, Good luck today to our Cross Country Teams who compete in the OHSAA District Tournament at Goodyear Metro Park at 1:00pm., Calling All Local Professionals: We Need You!
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?!id=888&section=parentinfo, Celebrate Our 73 Seniors!
Tonight we celebrate our senior athletes from the following fall sports teams:
Football 
Boys Golf
Girls Golf
Athletic Trainers
Cheerleading
Marching Band   
Cross Country 
Irish Dance  
Girls Tennis

Come down to Green Street tonight at 6:25pm, prior to game time, to witness one large Senior Night.  Athletes must be at the Pier Family Pavilion at 6pm.  Game starts at 7pm., STVM's National Honor Society Collects Thousands of Books for the "Books for the Bahamas" Project 
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=899&section=parentinfo, Today, we have a FULL HOUSE of STVM Irish for a Day shadows!  These shadows are from the following grade schools:
Revere Middle School 
Tallmadge Middle School 
Woodridge Middle School 
Stanton Middle School 
STEM School 
Emmanuel Christian 
Barberton High School 
Immaculate Heart of Mary School (Cuyahoga Falls) 
St. Paul 
St. Matthew 
Our Lady of the Elms School 
Chipppewa Middle School 
Miller South School 
St. Joseph School Cuyahoga Falls Ohio 
Old Trail School 
Holy Family 

We hope you all enjoy your day! Be your Best... Be Irish!, There was a sea of pink this morning in The Jack & Ann Haag Student Center while 9th graders heard speeches from their fellow peers for Student Council Elections.  Student Council positions will be announced later today. Freshmen will vote today at lunch. 

Today is a spirit day for Breast Cancer Awareness Month., Check out the September and October edition of Irish Items, available for view under the "Publications" tab on our website.  This tab also offers online viewing of all of our other publications.

Check it out here: http://www.stvm.com/studentlife/publications.php, Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster

"Yesterday’s PSAT for our juniors will result in National Merit Scholars again next Fall. Will they be able to earn more honors than the 8 in this year’s Class of 2014?  Stay tuned STVM."
-Mr. David Rathz, Mark Your Calendars!
The Leprechaun Theatre Guild presents their fall production of
"While The Lights Were Out".  This play is a comedic British mystery by Jack Sharkey.  

Catch a performance on one of the following dates: November 21, 22, 23 at 7:30pm and November 24th at 1:30pm all on campus at the STVM theater. More info on tickets to come., Today we would like to welcome our SIX Irish for a Day shadows from the following grade schools:
Bolich 
St. Sebastian Parish School 
Edison Jr. High 
St. Hilary Catholic Parish-Fairlawn OH

We hope you all enjoy your day! Be your Best...Be Irish!, Congrats to our Boys Soccer team who defeated North HS last night in the Sectional Semi Final at Green Street Stadium!The boys advance to the Sectional Final! 
http://bit.ly/16ao75j, Congrats to Eileen Deagan Burg V63, Good luck today to our junior students who take the PSAT test.  This test is the standard for granting students a National Merit Scholarship.  We recently received word that EIGHT members from the Class of 2014 have been named National Merit Scholars (they are pictured).  Good luck to the juniors today!, Did you know...
STVM's Guidance Department offers an array of services available to every STVM student on a daily basis?
Here is a snapshot of what we offer:
Individual and Personal Counseling
Group Counseling
Tutoring
College Counseling
College Application and Process Guidance
Classroom Guidance
Study Skills 

They host lunch groups for girls who meet weekly and talk about current high school issues from a girl's perspective. They meet with our International students guiding them through the American high school experience. They truly make our school community a better place!
Learn more about Guidance here: http://www.stvm.com/studentlife/counselors_corner.php, URGENT: The previously scheduled Showcase Volunteer Meeting for Wednesday, October 16th, 2013 has been CANCELLED.  

We have several STVM fall sports teams competing in tournament play this week, including volleyball and girls’ soccer on Wednesday evening.  We understand many of you plan to attend these competitions to cheer on our students and have therefore decided to cancel the meeting. 

Please visit www.stvm.com for detailed game time and location information.

We will be in touch with a new time and date for a Showcase meeting once it has been confirmed., Thursday, October 17, 2013, St. Vincent-St. Mary Alumni (official) will host the Annual Mahar Banquet. The Mahar Banquet will honor FIVE STVM Alumni with the 2013 Fr. Thomas Mahar Outstanding Alumni & TWO Irish Crusader Awards. 
Congratulations to the following Fr. Thomas Mahar Outstanding Alumni Award Recipients:
Jean Ahern Staudt V40 
Mary Anne Tucker Anderson M67 
Chris Dougherty Marks V72 
Thomas Freeman VM78 
Susan Gaebel Wallace VM91

Congratulations to the following Irish Crusader Award Recipients:
James Conlon 
Fr. joseph Kraker

Here is more on Thursday's event:http://www.stvm.com/alumni/awards_and_scholarships.php, Today we would like to welcome our SEVEN Irish for a Day shadows from the following grade schools:
St. Hilary Catholic Parish-Fairlawn OH
Emmanuel Christian 
The STEM School 
Cleveland College Prep School
Homeschool 

We hope you all enjoy your day! Be your Best...Be Irish!, Great article about alum, Fransohn Bickley VM13 and his presence on the football field as a true Freshman for the Akron Zips!
http://bit.ly/1brbroU, STVM Senior, Parris Campbell ran 98 yards for a touchdown vs. Thurgood Marshall on Saturday. This run tied a school record that has been held since 1960:  
http://www.stvmfootball.com/offrecords.html#offrecord4, Congrats to Athletic Director, Andy Jalwan, who has been nominated to Northeast District Athletic Board!
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=898&section=parentinfo, null, Today we would like to welcome all of our Irish for a Day shadows from the following grade schools:
Holy Family 
Old Trail School 
Miller South 
St. Robert and St. William in Euclid

We hope you all enjoy your day! Be your Best...Be Irish!, Want to be your best? 
BE IRISH! Interested 8th graders are invited to take one of our Scholarship/Placement Tests on one of the following Saturdays this fall: October 12, October 26, and November 9. The top 30 scorers on the combined fall STVM Scholarship/Placement Tests will each receive an Irish Academic Scholarship to STVM!
 
$20 required at the door and pre registry is ONLINE. Bring two #2 pencils. NO CALCULATORS permitted. Parent sessions are offered as well from 11:00am-12:00pm. 

Register here: http://www.stvm.com/admissions/placement_tests.php, Tomorrow our Football Team travels to Dayton to take on Thurgood Marshall at 7pm at Welcome Stadium. This game will be televised LIVE and broadcasted on Time Warner Cable Channel.  Check your local listings. GO IRISH!

Cleveland Plain Dealer Preview for game vs. Thurgood: http://bit.ly/17tRyJw, Today we would like to welcome all of our Irish for a Day shadows from the following grade schools:
St. Sebastian Parish School 
St. Vincent Grade School 
Immaculate Heart of Mary School (Cuyahoga Falls) 
St. Joseph 
Holy Family 
National Inventors Hall of Fame STEM School 
Homeschool

We hope you enjoy your day! Be your Best...Be Irish!, Calling All Professionals! 
STVM needs you!, Come down to Green Street Stadium tonight to support our Boys Soccer Team. Tonight is also their Senior Night! JVB to kick off at 5:00pm, Varsity game begins at 7:00pm and Senior Night festivites are planned for 6:30pm. Bring your spirit!, Shadow Spotlight:
Today we welcome ONE Irish for a Day shadow from Holy Family! We hope you enjoy your day!

Be your Best...Be Irish!, Last night the St. Vincent-St. Mary High School Volleyball Team played the first ever game in The LeBron James Arena.                St. Vincent-St. Mary High School would like to announce that the OFFICIAL OPENING DAY of The LeBron James Arena will be held on December 14, 2013.  On this day our boys and girls basketball teams will host a double header.  We will also unveiling exclusive LBJ Arena apparel in our Bookstore and hosting contests and giveaways.  Each ticket will act as a souvenir to commemorate this historical event.  Tickets are limited. 

Girls Basketball will host St. Joseph Academy: JV at 1:00pm & Varsity Tip Off at 2:30pm.
Boys Basketball will host Cleveland Central Catholic: JV at 6:00pm & Varsity Tip Off at 7:30pm. 

To stay up to date on this event, don’t forget to like our Facebook Page!, Come down to Green Street Stadium tonight to support our Girls Soccer Team vs. Coventry.  Tonight is also their Senior Night! JV to kick off at 5:00pm, Varsity game begins at 7:00pm and Senior Night festivites are planned for 6:45pm. Bring your spirit!, Today we welcome two Irish for a Day shadows. One student is from IHM and the other is from East Community Learning Center. We hope that you both enjoy your day! 
 
Be your Best...Be Irish, Temporary Adjustment to TRIP Pick-Up Schedule
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=897&section=parentinfo, null, The gym looks great and so does our Volleyball Team! Go Irish!, Did you know...
STVM has an Academic Challenge Team!

Here are the results from last night's competition:
The teams were amazing. The JV clinched 4 out of 5 of their matches, and the Varsity team won 2 of their 5 incredibly difficult rounds. 

Our next competition is October 28th at Norton High School, beginning at 3:30.  If it goes as long as tonight did, we will be there until 7:30., Today we welcome two Irish for a Day shadows. One student is from Spring Garden Waldorf School and the other is from National Inventors Hall of Fame STEM School. We hope that you both enjoy your day!

Be your Best...Be Irish, Tonight our St. Vincent-St. Mary High School Volleyball Team will take on Perry High School inside our newly renovated LeBron James Arena! Tonight's match is also their Senior Night.  Come down to the LeBron James Arena and support our girls! Varsity will begin around 7pm- come early for Senior Night festivities. 

Freshmen start time: 5:00pm
JV start time: 6:00pm
Varsity start time: 7:00pm, 2013 Summit County Private High School College/Tech Fair
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=896&section=parentinfo, STVM students choose to SERVE in many ways. Today, our St. Joseph of Arimathea Society served as pall bearers at the funeral of Rev. Father James Flood who passed away last week., Eight STVM Students Honored as Commended National Merit Scholarship Students, STVM Booster Club Annual Reverse Raffle
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=895&section=parentinfo, Congrats to our Cross Country Girls who came in first place today!, Congratulations to Helen Burroughs our 2013 Homecoming Queen! She is pictured with her Escort Jack Hurley. Helen was voted Queen by her peers! Congrats Helen!, CYO NIGHT IS TONIGHT!
Calling All CYO Fall Athletes, Cheerleaders, & Coaches:
Wear your CYO Fall Sport Jersey or CYO Cheer tonight and receive FREE ADMISSION, FREE HOT DOG, & FREE DRINK!, 2013 Homecoming Court Assembly yesterday in the Jack & Ann Haag Student Center:
http://youtu.be/9xKvgFupxJg

Find out who will be crowned Queen tonight at half time of the football game vs. Northwest at Green Street Stadium.  Come early to tonight's game at 6:30pm to witness our Homecoming Parade., Our Admissions Department welcomed a full capacity of 16 Irish for a Day shadows from various grade schools this morning.  These shadows will spend the entire school day with a STVM student host. We would like to welcome these grade school students from the following schools:
St. Sebastian Parish School 
St. Hilary Catholic Parish-Fairlawn OH
St. Matthew 
IHM
Bolich Middle School 

Enjoy your day and be your best!, ONLY 3 MORE DAYS! COACH L NEEDS YOUR SUPPORT ON OCT. 6th! Follow the link and set a reminder to vote for ATC!

Coach Dan Lancianese and his All Star Training Club (ATC) have been selected to be one of 250 Finalists for Toyota's 100 Cars for Good Program! Toyota's 100 Cars for Good Program will award 100 vehicles over the course of 50 days to 100 deserving nonprofit organizations based on public voting. 

Coach L needs your support! Vote for ATC at www.100carsforgood.com on October 6th.

 If ATC were to win, they would be awarded a vehicle that would then be used to transport students with disabilities. 

Here is a link to more: https://apps.facebook.com/carsforgood/, STVM would like to welcome today's Irish for a Day shadow from St. Hilary Grade School!  We hope you enjoy your day!, Good Luck to April Zaratsian VM11!
April is a Miss Ohio USA Contestant! Here is more on April., We are out of the running and we need your votes! Help STVM win $10,000!
 
Take the pledge and keep voting! Contest ends November 3rd! We are currently in 7th place. 
http://www.safedriverpledge.com/, Last week during Spirit Week, over 100 spirit signs were made at the Senior Lock In prior to the Holy War.  Mrs. Richardson has been teachng at STVM for decades impacting students of yesterday and today.  Students still think she is pretty cool!, Homecoming Itinerary: 
Homecoming Football Game: Friday HOME 10/4/13 vs. Northwest at Green Street Stadium

Homecoming Parade: Court members and escorts arrive at 6pm.  Parade begins at 6:30 prior to kick off.
Homecoming Court Members:
Grade 10: Rachel Iacofano (Nate Labbe - escort) 
Grade 11: Jane Bozsik (Wade Christian - escort) 
Grade 11: Shea O'Brien (Ryan Donahue - escort) 
Grade 12: Helen Burroughs (Jack Hurley - escort) 
Grade 12: Julie Schlosser (Stephen Dages - escort) 
Grade 12: Joanne Lutman (Michael Callahan - escort) 
Grade 12: Cassie Jakubick (Ben Bashor - escort) 
Grade 12: Emily Pagni (Brendan Luebbering - escort) 
Grade 12: Kiley May (Mario Volpe - escort) 
*Homecoming Queen and Crowner announced at half time.

Homecoming Dance:
Saturday, October 5, 2013 at Todaro's Party Center from 7pm-11pm.
Freshman Homecoming Dance: Saturday, October 12, 2013 at STVM from 7pm-11pm., Good luck tonight to the Cleveland Indians! Roll Tribe Roll!, Calling all Marching Band Alumni!, Congrats to our Mahar Recipients! Do not forget to LIKE our Alumni page!, Congratulations to Audrey Fliegel VM12 on your acceptance into the Disney World internship program!  Audrey always said she would be working at Disney as shown by her addition of "ears" to her cap and gown.  Way to go!, Today, Denise Leipold, Executive Director of the Right to Life Organization, spoke to Mr. Dages' classes about abortion and linking injustices throughout American history. Denise has spoken at many Congressional meetings regarding/defending the rights of the unborn.

Thank you Denise for spening your day with our students!, Thanks to Roger, Don and Tony for getting the new state championship banners up on the press box!, Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster

"We congratulate DAVE DAGES as the teacher selected for the   All-County Teaching Team, sponsored by Summit County Educational Service Center, Shannon English Marketing Group, and numerous other generous sponsors.  Dave is honored as the ONE teacher from all the parochial elementary and high schools in Summit County.  This annual “Education Celebration” will be held at St. George Family Center on Monday, October 28th."

-Mr. David Rathz, Headmaster, Good luck today to Golf and Tennis who compete in their post season tournaments. GO IRISH!
 
Girls Tennis Sectional at Tri-City Park at 8am.
 
Boys Golf District at Windmill Lakes at 9am.
 
Girls Golf District at Tam O’Shanter at 10am., Calling All CYO Fall Athletes, Cheerleaders, & Coaches:
Wear your CYO Fall Sport Jersey or CYO Cheer Top to THIS FRIDAY’S HOME FOOTBALL GAME and receive FREE ADMISSION, FREE HOT DOG, & FREE DRINK!, STVM Community Members:
WE NEED YOU! Offer your professional knowledge on Wednesday, November 6th to mentor our students at our Annual Career Connections Career Fair.  

http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=888&section=parentinfo, Attention Graduates from the Class of 2013:
2012-2013 Yearbooks Have Arrived!

2013-2013 yearbooks are in and ready to be picked up. Please make arrangements by calling or emailing Mrs. Dolan (bdolan@stvm.com) prior to pick up.

These books will be released through the front office only, National Honor Society’s Annual “Books for the Bahamas” Children’s Book Drive 
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=890&section=parentinfo, Good luck to all the St. Vincent-St. Mary family that are running in the Akron Marathon today! Enjoy the Fighting Irish band as you close in on the home stretch.

May the road rise up to meet you.
May the wind always be at your back.
May the sun shine warm upon your face,
and rains fall soft upon your fields.
And until we meet again,
May God hold you in the palm of His hand, Attention STVM Commuters:
It may be extremely difficult to get to STVM TOMORROW MORNING (9/28) due to the Akron Marathon. Please keep in mind that our school is near the runners route. Be ready for blocked streets, alternate routes, and closures all over downtown Akron and the surrounding area. Good luck runners!, The St. Vincent-St. Mary student body held homecoming court elections this week during lunch periods. The votes have been tallied and the results are in! Congratulations to the 2013 STVM homecoming court: 

Grade 10: Rachel Iacofano (Nate Labbe - escort) 
Grade 11: Jane Bozsik (Wade Christian - escort) 
Grade 11: Shea O'Brien (Ryan Donahue - escort) 
Grade 12: Helen Burroughs (Jack Hurley - escort) 
Grade 12: Julie Schlosser (Stephen Dages - escort) 
Grade 12: Joanne Lutman (Michael Callahan - escort) 
Grade 12: Cassie Jakubick (Ben Bashor - escort) 
Grade 12: Emily Pagni (Brendan Luebbering - escort) 
Grade 12: Kiley May (Mario Volpe - escort), The Holy War.  What is the Holy War? 
The Holy War is one of the strongest and oldest sports rivalries in Akron. 

Often refered to as the "Akron Holy War," this rivalry between the Fighting Irish of STVM and the Knights of Hoban has always been proven to be a game to remember year in and year out. Throw the records out the door in this one because no matter what each team has done prior to this matchup, the game seems to always come down to the last play. In 1996, this rivalry was renewed after a 20 year lapse from playing each other. Since the rivalry was renewed in 1996, the teams faced off at the Rubber Bowl until it closed its gates in 2008. Since 2009, the Irish and the Knights have been playing in the University of Akron's new on-campus stadium, InfoCision Stadium. Each year they draw a huge crowd of people from throughout Northeastern Ohio. The winner of this rivalry gains possession of the Ancient Order of Hibernians Shillelagh trophy as well as bragging rights throughout the year.

See everyone tonight- GO IRISH!
http://www.stvmfootball.com/hoban.html, What a beautiful night for Irish spirited bonfire.  Go Irish!, What a beautiful night for Irish spirited bonfire.  Go Irish!, Congratulations to these eight STVM students! 

Sean Gaffney 
Preston Hollopeter 
Andrew Katcher 
Alex Morley 
Brooke Powell 
Tyler Riemenschneider 
Andrew Rodgers 
Derek Whiddon

St. Vincent-St. Mary is pleased to announce that eight students have been named Commended Students in the 2014 National Merit Scholarship Corporation (NMSC). 

About 34,000 Commended Students throughout the nation are being recognized for their exceptional academic promise. Although they will not continue in the 2014 competition for National Merit Scholarship awards, Commended Students placed among the top five percent of more than 1.5 million students who entered the 2014 competition by taking the 2012 Preliminary SAT/National Merit Scholarship Qualifying Test (PSAT/NMSQT). 

"The young men and women being named Commended Students have demonstrated outstanding potential for academic success," commented a spokesperson for NMSC. "These students represent a valuable national resource; recognizing their accomplishments, as well as the key role their schools play in their academic development, is vital to the advancement of educational excellence in our nation. We hope that this recognition will help broaden their educational opportunities and encourage them as they continue their pursuit of academic success.", St. Vincent-St. Mary senior Parris Campbell was interviewed recently by Cleveland.com.  Check out the interview and see what makes Parris an outstanding representative of all that is Irish., Here's the latest status on the LeBron James Arena at St. Vincent-St. Mary-OPENING SOON!
 http://highschoolsports.cleveland.com/news/article/-5157371335630546342/lebron-james-arena-at-st-vincent-st-mary-nearing-completion-video/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=rss&utm_campaign=lebron-james-arena-at-st-vincent-st-mary-nearing-completion-video, null, Director of Annual Fund, Carley Whitney VM07 will surely bring us home some Irish luck from her visit to Ireland. Take pictures with our STVM Leprechaun on your travels and send us the photos so we can share how our STVM Irish Spirit travels the world., null, Come join us and see what's happening at St. Vincent-St. Mary this Sunday, September 29th. We're hosting an OPEN HOUSE 11a.m.- 1p.m.! All are welcome to come see the great things happening at STVM! Be sure to check out the new billboard at Maple & Market along the way! Be Your Best..., More tropical spirit!., There's a tidal wave of SPIRT at 15. North Maple Street today! It's TROPICAL TUESDAY of spirit week as STVM is ready to take on Hoban this Friday at Infocision Stadium. GO IRISH!, Good luck tonight St. Vincent-St. Mary High School Volleyball Team! Our girls travel to Hoban tonight at 7:00pm to take on the Knights. GO IRISH!, Congratulations to Vinny Carson who was awarded Fan of the Week.  Who will take home this honor tonight at the HOME football game vs. Cardinal Mooney High School? SHOW OFF YOUR SPIRIT STUDENTS!, Irish Spirit Squad members run with our new spirit flags after the Fighting Irish score their first touchdown last week.
http://bit.ly/1gB9uah, This Saturday, September 21, 2013 at 7:00p.m. our very own STVM band will be hosting a band show at Green Street Stadium.  Along with our own band, 8 other high schools have been invited to perform.  Alumnus Malcolm Jones will be bringing his Maple Heights HS band.  Faculty passes and Society Medallions will be accepted!, null, Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster

"The STVM Class of 2013 gifted the school crucifixes for our classrooms.  Those are already here and in place.  Newly installed is their “big” gift.   Please see the large, Celtic Cross, at the front outside entrance of the school on Maple Street.  It will be back lit from 7 p.m. to 7 a.m.  Now our Catholic school has taken on the icon of our mission and our beliefs. Thank you, Class of 2013."
-Mr. David Rathz, Did you miss the Volunteer Rally & Recruit tonight? Here is a sample of what you missed! 

The STVM Advancement Team hosted the Volunteer Rally & Recruit! This evening was a showcase of all volunteer opportunities available to parents, grandparents, and friends. We introduced new programs and revisited old ones! We even had a Bookstore gift card raffle! Contact the STVM Advancement Office for more on how to get involved. Oh, and we had a surprise appearance by our Marching Band and Cheerleaders!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O0oPYZv8SMc, Volunteer Rally and Recruit tonight! Calling all volunteers-we need you! Contact the Advancement Office to find out how to get involved., Pre-sale tickets on SALE NOW in the Bookstore!, STVM has a new addition to the outside of our building on Maple Street.  A 300lb. celtic cross has been mounted! STVM students help Don and Roger place the large cross!, Coach Dan Lancianese and his All Star Training Club (ATC) have been selected to be on of 250 Finalists for Toyota's 100 Cars for Good Program! Toyota's 100 Cars for Good Program will award 100 vehicles over the course of 50 days to 100 deserving nonprofit organizations based on public voting. 

Coach L needs your support! Vote for ATC at www.100carsforgood.com on October 6th.

 If ATC were to win, they would be awarded a vehicle that would then be used to transport students with disabilities. 

Here is a link to more: https://apps.facebook.com/carsforgood/, STVM has updated the Spiritual Life section of our website.  Check out the Catholic ministry opportunities STVM students have on a daily basis. 
http://www.stvm.com/studentlife/spiritual_life.php, Here is your 2013-2014 Yearbook Team!, VOLUNTEER RALLY TOMORROW NIGHT! 6:00-7:00pm in the Student Center prior to the Parents Club Meeting., The Takeover is happening today at STVM! We are all Dreamers!, STVM senior, Derek Whiddon is featured on the main page of the Catholic Universe Bulletin website. Derek's represented the State of Ohio at Boys Nation over the summer!
Read more here: http://catholicuniversebulletin.org/LOCAL13/L1.php, Check out the Clubs and Activities tab on our website to learn more about how STVM students stay involved! 

http://www.stvm.com/studentlife/clubs_and_activities.php, Take the pledge and keep voting! STVM is currently in 3rd place to win the $10,000!

http://www.safedriverpledge.com/, Pre-sale tickets for Friday's varsity football contest vs Cardinal Mooney are ON SALE NOW in the Bookstore., The Showcase kick off meeting for Tuesday, September 17th has been cancelled. Instead, please attend the Volunteer Kick Off this WEDNESDAY, September 18th where there will be sign up sheets for Showcase 2014.
P.S We have a tag line..., EXCITING NEWS TO REPORT!
St. Vincent-St. Mary High School Introduces Robotics Team, Adding to Impressive Science and Engineering Programs
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=883&section=parentinfo, SHOW OFF YOUR SPIRIT!
Every week, STVM picks a Student Fan of the Week! Last week at the Walsh football game, STVM Senior, Gia Faetanini won this honor!  Who will win it tonight?

Tonight's home football game vs. Woodridge, kick off at 7pm at Green Street Stadium. See you there! SHOW OFF YOUR SPIRIT!, Yesterday morning, STVM Robotics and Rocket Team Instructor, Mr. Robert Engels, was interviewed live by WAKR AkronNewsNow.  Here is a link to an article regarding his interview:
http://akronnewsnow.com/news/local/item/110905-st-vincent-st-marys-goes-robotics-for-students-futures, Irish Athletes for Christ's Sporting Goods

http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=884&section=parentinfo, St. Vincent-St. Mary High School Introduces Robotics Team, Adding to Impressive Science and Engineering Programs
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=883&section=parentinfo, null, null, Per request of The Pope, today at STVM we will fast, pray, and take part in Adoration. The Holy Father requests this time to pray for peace in Syria.

Feel free to join us in the Chapel today for any or all of the above., Every morning, a group of STVM students read the morning announcements to their student body over live video, which is then broadcasted to every classroom during homeroom.  As a community, we cannot see these from day to day, but the text they read is posted daily on our website!  Check them out to see what's going on every day at STVM.

http://www.stvm.com/files/pdf/calendars/morning_announcements.pdf, REMINDER FOR PARENTS: 
Curriculum Night is tonight beginning at 7:00pm in the Jack & Ann Haag Student Center at STVM., null, ParentPlus Portal Login Information & Help
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=882&section=parentinfo, Vote for Parris!
STVM Senior, Parris Campbell, Jr. is a contender this for The Plain Dealer Week #2's Top Football Performer:

http://highschoolsports.cleveland.com/news/article/-2515719617031664325/vote-for-week-2s-top-football-performer-from-friday-night-game-balls-2013/, Susan and Ed Lynch V72 Name the Bookstore 
Thank you to Ed and Susan Lynch for their most generous gift of renaming our Bookstore. See the link for more info on their gift to STVM!
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=881&section=parentinfo, Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster

"Former STVM Dean of Students, Mr. Dan Nichols “after a courageous battle with cancer…he’s in heaven…Dad’s gone home.”  Funeral arrangements are later this week."
-Mr. David Rathz

We would like to offer our most sincere condolences to the entire Nichols Family.  May the Lord guide you., Thank you for your votes!  STVM is currently in 2nd place!
Help STVM Win $10,000!

Please take a moment to take the Safe Driver Pledge and vote for the Irish. STVM could win $10,000! Click on this link: http://www.safedriverpledge.com/, CALLING ALL STVM GIRLS SOCCER ALUMS! , STVM President, Mr. Thomas Carone, and Walsh Jesuit President, Mr. Karl Ertle, joined together to lead both communities in pre game prayer prior to the big football game last Friday (9/6/13) evening at Walsh Jesuit. Both teams gathered on the field, holding hands, while both Presidents continued in prayer. What a fabulous display of Catholic community.

http://t.co/SqsPqmt3RE, The Bell is safe and sound back at STVM after a 35-20 win over Walsh Jesuit!, Akron Beacon Journal on our win over Walsh Jesuit last Friday:
http://bit.ly/15P3xRj, Since 1969, we have been battling the Walsh Jesuit High School Warriors of Cuyahoga Falls. With only 10 miles in between us, we battle each year on the respective home team's field - playing for the right to possess "The Bell" for that given year. Of the seven state championship football teams in Summit County, STVM and Walsh account for five of them. Therefore, this matchup between two prominent football programs in the state of Ohio is always sure to be an exciting one. 

More on our rivalry from the STVM Football Website: 
http://stvmfootball.com/walsh.html
We have had possession of "The Bell" for the last two years, will we bring it home again tonight? Find out tonight at Walsh Jesuit at 7pm., THANK YOU FOR YOUR VOTES!
Tonight's football game vs. Walsh Jesuit High School has been chosen as Fox 8 News Friday Night Touchdown Week #2 Game of the Week! See extended coverage of tonight's game at 11:00pm.  Here is the link to more on tonight's Game of the Week:
http://fox8.com/2013/09/03/fntd-week-2-game-of-the-week-nominees-2/, We would like to offer our deepest condolences to the entire Lake Catholic High School family community.  Our thoughts and prayers are with the Class of 2013 during this time of sorrow, following the passing of their fellow classmate. May the Lord continue to keep you and guide you.

An Irish Blessing:
May the road rise to meet you.
May the wind be always at your back.
May the sunshine warm upon your face.
May the rains fall upon your fields.
And until we meet again,
May God hold you in the palm of His hand., null, null, Great article about our football team from the The Plain Dealer:

http://bit.ly/17GXjpf, School Picture Day TOMORROW!
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=877&section=parentinfo, Help STVM win $10,000! 
Please take a moment to take the Safe Driver Pledge and vote for the Irish: Click on this link: http://www.safedriverpledge.com/, VOTE FOR STVM AND Walsh Jesuit High School FOR THIS WEEK'S FOOTBALL GAME OF THE WEEK:
http://fox8.com/2013/09/03/fntd-week-2-game-of-the-week-nominees-2/, Exciting News at STVM!
Lacrosse Informational Meeting:
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=870&section=parentinfo, STVM Community!
Do you like to run? Want to run for a good cause? Want to run to support a fellow alum with cancer? Sign up for the "I’m No Chump" 5K. Proceeds benefit the Michael Sullivan VM03 Fund as well as the Leukemia/Lymphoma Society. Registration and the start of the race will all take place at Green Street Stadium!

http://www.filthyfitness.net/chump5k, Pre-sale tickets for the Varsity Football game at Walsh Jesuit, this Friday, September 6th, are on sale in the Bookstore. Pre-sale tickets are $5 for adults and $4 for students. Go Irish!, STVM will be closed this Monday, September, 2, 2013 in observance of Labor Day.  Enjoy your three day weekend!, JOIN US!!, null, null, GO IRISH!, Awesome picture from last night!, School Pictures on Thursday, September 5
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=877&section=parentinfo, null, We have major school spirit at STVM! Just in case you missed tonight's home opener-here is what you missed!, We are all here! Go Irish!, Michaels Family, we are ready for you! Go Irish!, Quiet now, but in just a few hours this plaza will be full of prayer, spirit, and STVM students making memories!, Green Street Gridiron Starts TONIGHT! 
Who is coming to our home opener tonight vs. Garfield? Pre-sale tickets are ON SALE NOW in the Susan and Edward Lynch, Jr. Bookstore until 3pm.  Pre-sale tickets are $6 for adults and $4 students.  Tickets are $7 at the gate. STVM students get in for FREE! Get your feet to Green Street tonight for a 7:00pm kickoff.  We will also be unveiling our 2012 Division III State Champion Banner and recognizing all of our State Champs Football Teams from the past at 6:35pm before kickoff., STVM Senior Football Players, Dante Booker and Parris Campbell, Jr. are featured on the FRONT COVER of this morning's Akron Beacon Journal 2013 High School Football Preview. Dante and Parris both plan on continuing their academic and football careers at The Ohio State University. Football Home Opener tonight at 7:00 vs. Garfield HS!     GO IRISH!

Here is the article: http://bit.ly/17olc4T, null, null, null, Summit County Private High School College Fair Held at STVM in October 

http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=875&section=parentinfo, Pre-sale tickets for Thursday's Varsity Football contest vs Garfield are ON SALE NOW in the Susan and Edward Lynch, Jr. Bookstore (STVM Bookstore). Go Irish!, The STVM Athletic Department will be holding a meeting for students and parents interested in starting a lacrosse program at STVM for the spring of 2014 on Wednesday, September 4th at 7pm in Room 256 at the high school. 
Any questions, please call 330-253-9114., Very important info regarding your 2013-2014 yearbook:
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=874&section=parentinfo, Good luck tonight to the Girls Soccer Team! They host Walsh Jesuit High School. JV kicks off at 5:00 and Varsity at 7:00 at Green Street Stadium! GO IRISH!, null, Check out Today's STVM Events on our website for a full view of today's activities: http://www.stvm.com/, STVM's September 2013 publication of Irish Items is available for viewing on our website.  
http://www.stvm.com/studentlife/publications.php, Sophomore Class Ring Order Info:
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=872&section=parentinfo, null, null, Irish Athletics Today:
Girls Golf away vs. Springfield HS at Chenoweth Golf Course at 4:00pm.
Varsity Girls Tennis away at Kenston High School 4:15pm.
Football Scrimmage home vs. Firestone High School 5:00pm (NOTE- there will be a $5 admission charge).
JV Boys Soccer away at Hawken 5:00pm.
Varsity Boys Soccer away at Hawken 7:00pm., Attention Students!
Irish Spirit Squad Informational Meeting this Monday During Lunch!

Irish Spirit Squad is an official club of STVM! We are the student run Booster Club. We not only support Athletics, but other clubs, and academics all the same.  We work closely with Student Council to help plan rallies, organize cheers, come up with game themes, make spirit signs, and support STVM. Listen for the announcement on Monday during lunch to hear more about Irish Spirit Squad!, TRIP Orders Resume for the 2013-2014 School Year!http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=871&section=parentinfo, Check out Willie McGee VM03 and past STVM JV Boys Basketball Coach! , Breaking News:
Informational meeting for students and parents interested in starting lacrosse at STVM:
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=870&section=parentinfo, Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster

"It looked like 700 bright and eager faces this morning all excited to start their new year at the Home of the Green and Gold!!!!  Welcome back, everyone!!"
-David V. Rathz, Our phone system is back up and working! The Front Office will be open today until 4:00pm. Call with any questions!

Thank you for your patience regarding this matter., The building is alive this morning! Welcome back students for our 1st day of school. Go Irish!, The STVM Boys Soccer Team has a fabulous Shutterfly account where parents post pictures, game and practice schedules are available, and there is even a message board from Coach Alvord.  Check it out below. 
http://bit.ly/12jDsfF, Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster

"This morning, 195 freshmen joined the ranks of our awesome STVM student body.  We know they are terrific students as well as talented musicians, actors, writers, debaters, athletes, etc.  They   will enjoy the opportunities and challenges ahead of them.", The Class of 2017 walks through the tunnel to find his or her Big Sib! Next stop- locker assignments and homeroom! 
Welcome to high school., We are off and running! Welcome Class of 2017!, null, School may start tomorrow but today marked the beginning of our school year. The Class of 2017 joined this morning for Mass followed by our annual Freshman Family Breakfast! What a great way to kick off our school year., We will open our doors tomorrow for another exciting school year! We are so blessed and look forward to welcoming the Class of 2017 and their Big Sibs. The rest of our school will join us on Tuesday! GO IRISH!, STVM Community:
STVM's main school phone line is currently down. Incoming calls cannot be received at this time. AT&T will try and repair the issue tomorrow (8/19/13).

We sincerely apologize for the inconvenience. With school starting tomorrow, please refer to the Staff Directory on our website to contact teachers, attendance (jsukie@stvm.com), transcripts (bdegrand@stvm.com), accounting or any other department that you may need via email. Please stop in to the Front Office for any questions.

Link to Staff Directory: http://www.stvm.com/facultyandstaff/department_directory.php, Congratulations to STVM Senior Linebacker, Dante Booker, who made the 2013 Preseason American Family Insurance All-USA High School Football Team for defense! Dante has also committed to continue his academic and football career at The Ohio State University next year! GO IRISH!
Here is the story:http://t.co/2YFYK3ag0S, Irish Athletics Today and this Weekend:
Today: Girls Golf in Columbus- check out Twitter for updates.
 
Tomorow- (8/17/13)
Boys & Girls Cross Country at OHSAA Preseason Invitational 9am.
Football Scrimmage at GlenOak High School 10am.
Boys JV and Varisty Soccer Season Opener away at Medina High School. Varisty start time at 7pm.
Girls JV and Varsity Soccer season and home opener vs. Lake HS. Varsity kick off at 7pm.
 
GO IRISH! Check out athletic season schedules here:http://www.stvm.com/athletics/athletics_schedules.php, Here is a picture of 11 of our 12 Chinese International Students who arrived last weekend in the United States.  One of our students is still on her way from China. All 12 will be staying with STVM host families for the entire school year.  After the 2013-2014 school year, our international students will return to China for the summer season and then return to STVM for the 2014-2015 school year.  After an intense application process that involved multiple interviews and a visit to China by our Chinese Teacher, Mrs. Tamula Drumm, the STVM Admissions Department and our partner The Cambridge Institute of International Education hand selected these 12 exceptional Chinese International Students.  We look forward to the upcoming school year with them!, Homeroom assignments have been posted on the windows of the Bookstore.  Stop in today from 9am-5pm and find out who your homeroom teacher is!

See everyone on Tuesday!, The West Side Leader covered the uniform unveiling in this week's publication LeBron James Family Foundation.  Here is the story!http://bit.ly/13DemWA, "ATH SCHEDULES" tab has been added to our website. This tab is a direct link to all of our athletic schedules: http://www.stvm.com/athletics/athletics_schedules.php, STVM Bookstore hours today and tomorrow (8/16/13)
9am-5pm

Monday is the first day for all freshmen and their Big Sibs. The school day will end at 1:30pm.

All students start on Tuesday August 20th.  This will be a full school day ending at 3pm., null, Info on STVM Student Parking Passes, WELCOME TO OUR CHINESE INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS! Welcome to the family!, null, Monday August, 19th, 2013 Freshmen and their Big Sibs will file into STVM for the start of a brand new school year. Big Sibs are junior and senior Peer Ministry Members who guide Freshmen through their first day of high school. Big Sibs continue to lead by example throughout their stay at STVM.

The rest of the school will start school on Tuesday August, 20th.  See everyone there!

Here is a link to the Peer Ministry tab on our website: http://www.stvm.com/studentlife/peer_ministers.php, Here is Part 1 of LeBron James' interview with Robin Roberts on Good Morning America this morning.  Tune in tomorrow (8/13/13) on ABC at 7am for the interview at school with Robin!
http://t.co/6LVxkhOqha, Do you play a STVM Fall Sport? You may have a team picture tomorrow or Thursday... find out below., STVM senior, Erica Wolf is featured on ohio.com as a Picture of the Week! Erica modeled the Marching Band's new NIKE track suit at the Nike Uniform Univeiling hosted by LeBron James Family Foundation over the weekend.

Thank you again to LJFF and LeBron James! We are so blessed.  See Erica here: http://bit.ly/14H9ia1, All 12 of our Chinese exchange students have arrived and are going through orientation today at STVM. Thank you to every host family, you truly are special! 

Help us welcome them!, Bookstore is open today 9am-5pm! Come in to get your books and gear for the new school year.
 
Also- schedule changes are going on this week with Mrs. Korllos: Monday and Wednesday 8am-12pm and 1pm-3pm. 

Keep in mind that the building will be closed tomorrow (8/13/13)due to a planned Ohio Edison power outage., null, Yet another reason why we are so blessed.  WE PROMISE to never forget where we came from and WE PROMISE to always share the blessings that have been bestowed upon us.  We truly are a family!, Thank you LeBron James Family Foundation, LeBron James, and Patty Burdon for yet another amazing event! We are so blessed. What a great start to the new school year!, null, Our first Chinese student, Zhang Yu, arrived last night at the Akron-Canton Airport. Here he is with his host family, the Green/Siniawski family. The others will arrive tonight and will then have one week, The popular Irish green and gold I PROMISE wristbands provided by LeBron James Family FoundationLJFF) will be available for purchase at the Saturday's Nike Celebration at the stadium.  The wristband campaign is the number one fundraiser for LJFF and helps LeBron support his many programs for kids around the country.
The cost is $5 each., Building Closure on Tuesday, August 13 Due to Planned Power Outage

On Tuesday, August 13, 2013, Ohio Edison will be replacing a pole and STVM will be without electricity for the day. Therefore, the building will be closed. Schedule changes can still be made on Monday, August 12, and Wednesday, August 14.

Fall Sports Team Pictures are still scheduled for Tuesday., Boys Basketball in the news!
They will be headed to the Sunshine State this season!
http://newspr.es/13Qey4O, null, Here at STVM, the blessings continue to pour in! A huge thank you to LeBron James, LeBron James Family Foundation, and Robin Roberts from Good Morning America for spending the day with us.

Robin Roberts is doing a story on LeBron James VM03 and his foundation, LJFF.  The interview was done today at school and will air this Tuesday morning (8/13/13) on Good Morning America.  WEWS NewsChannel 5 - Cleveland/Akron/Canton has a sneak peak of the interview: 
http://t.co/fBCc9fn2py, Find out what STVM teams and programs tweet! Follow your favorites. Find out here:
http://www.stvm.com/parentinfo/stvm_twitter.php, Girls Golf: GAGGL preseason tournament at Firestone Public. STVM finished in 1st place w/ team score of 368. Low scorer was Julie Schlosser. Way to go girls!

Boys and Girls Golf Scores from yesterday:
http://bit.ly/13jMZkk, WE PROMISE!, Hey Students!
In a few short weeks, school will be back in session! 
Have you done your summer assignments yet? View the link for all summer assignments:
http://www.stvm.com/academics/summer_assignments.php, Fall Sports Team Picture Days and Times for Next Week:, Check out our soccer boys!, STVM is looking for a part-time bus driver! Click the link to see the Employment Opportunity on our website!
 
http://www.stvm.com/facultyandstaff/employment_opportunities.php, Exciting STVM Student News!
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=864&section=parentinfo, Hey Irish Fans!
Fall sports are in full swing! Visit the Athletics page on our website for all of your fall sports needs! We hope to see you at the first game!

Visit Athletics here for eligibility forms, schedules, teams, Booster Club, etc: http://www.stvm.com/athletics/athletic_director.php, Sign up today for the Matt Kauffman 5K Run this Saturday!
All proceeds benefit the Matt Kauffman Scholarship. Come down to STVM for a brisk run or a fun family Walk! Sign up today!, Come down to Green Street Stadium and spend time with our Athletic Boosters! Our annual back to school picnic is August 9th!, In 1994, before the "old school" was demolished, members of the St. Vincent Class of 1954 took a brief tour of the St. Vincent High School building as it stood. STVM is so fortunate to have this film available for not only our archives but to also share with St. Vincent's thousands of alums who walked those hallowed halls. Thank you to the St. Vincent Class of 1954 for sharing this footage with us! Enjoy the tour, and reminisce!
http://bit.ly/1caavbA, Hey Boys Soccer Alums!
Join us this weekend!!!, Join us Friday! We cannot wait to see everyone down at the Pier Family Pavilion! GO IRISH!, Last week, Camp Shamrock was rockin and rollin! Theater Camp's grade school actors put on an amazing performance! Here is a look at the young actors and their roles on "The Mysterious Case of the Missing Ring.", Here are pictures from last night's final 7-on-7 before the season begins! Thank you to High School Sports Center- Ohio for capturing these!, The tour of St. Vincent High School is now available on our YouTube page! See the "Old School" just as it was before being demolished in 1994.
Here is the link: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=016qtV34j6E&feature=c4-overview&list=UU6KFt3sTuN-Y8A7mc3OFqEA, UPDATED! STVM is proud to announce our 30 Advanced Placement Scholars from the Class of 2013!, Congratulations to Girls Basketball Head Coach, Joe Jakubick and his team for winning the gold medal in the 50-to-54-year-old age division of the 3-on-3 basketball tournament at the 2013 National Senior Games on Saturday!

Read more about the tournament here: http://www.timesreporter.com/newsnow/x369942248/New-Philadelphia-man-helps-team-to-third-at-national-event, Matt Oswald VM13 was featured in the Akron Beacon Journal over the weekend! Matt will continue his running career at John Carroll University. Good luck Matt!
http://bit.ly/18MMqHo, What are you doing next Friday night? Join in the fun at the Showcase Kick Off Party!, Attention Parents, Grand Parents, Friends, Fans, and Community Members!, null, As the summer winds on don't forget to keep up with our Master School Calendar! Sign up for DynaCal text alerts to get the latest calendar changes right to your phone:
http://bit.ly/14LEhjN, Ginger Pangas '13 was interviewed by the Plain Dealer.  Check out Ginger's article and see what she has in store for the future!

http://www.cleveland.com/popmusic/index.ssf/2013/07/ginger_pangas_of_copley_dreams.html, Hey NEW YORK CITY Alumni! We are in NYC TONIGHT @ 6pm-come out and visit with the St. Vincent- St. Mary Alumni in NYC. Irish Social at Calliope at 84 East Fourth Street., STVM is making THE CONNECTION with alumni in NYC! Join us if you are in town!, JOIN US!, STVM is proud to announce our 29 Advanced Placement Scholars from the Class of 2013!, Ohio High School Athletic Association tweeted some very intriguing statistics this morning! STVM is 1 of 576 Ohio high schools who have won 1 or more athletic State Championships! We have 29 to be exact! Check out the link and look for STVM! We are on page 2 of the alphabetical list: http://www.ohsaa.org/sports/records/StateChampionsDatabaseAlpha.pdf, null, Hey Alumni- Have you received your Connection Magazine?
If you haven't you need to update your contact info on our website! Do it here:
http://www.stvm.com/alumni/update_your_information.php, Fall Sports Info Here:
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=857&section=parentinfo, CALLING ALL NEW YORK CITY ALUMS, FRIENDS, & FANS!
The STVM Advancement Team is hitting the road again! 
Join us July 24th at 6pm at Calliope!, Attention Girls Basketball Youth Campers!
There has been a change for camp next week. Please click the link to learn about the time change. Thank you for your cooperation.

http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=859&section=parentinfo, We are all set and ready to go! Tonight we take STVM to Chicago., Hey STVM Parents! 
The Parent Info tab on our website has been updated! Click the link below to find our Visitor's Policy, Winter & Spring Break dates, policy for calling off your student, etc.  Everything you need for the upcoming school year- it's all HERE!

http://www.stvm.com/parentinfo/school_day_info.php, Hey Chicago! We will see everyone tonight at 6pm at the 404 Wine Bar!, Attention Football Players and Parents:
There has been a change for the date and time of team and individual pictures.  Please click the link below to view this revision.

All other fall sports athletes and parents, please check to make sure your time and date did not change as well. 
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=854&section=parentinfo, STVM Student News:
STVM incoming freshman, MacKenna Hornyak competed in the North American Irish Dance Championships in Anaheim, CA on July 7th placing 16th out of 115 national and international competitors. This placement has qualified her to compete at the World Irish Dance Championships in London next April.

MacKenna dances for the Tim O'Hare School of Irish Dance and will represent the STVM Irish Dance Team this Fall when school starts.  Here she is pictured with one of her teachers, Elieen O'Kennedy-Dunlap. Way to go!, null, Attention Students: Opportunity for Service Hours This Summer is Available!

98.1 WKDD is looking for volunteers for their annual Kidz Day event that will be taking place Saturday July, 20th at Boettler Park in Green. The event will run from 11am-5pm. Kidz Day is the largest outdoor kids event in Northeast Ohio with over 12,000 in attendance last year! They are also looking for volunteers to help set up on Friday morning at 9am. 

Also- check out their website for more info: www.WKDD.com
 
If anyone is interested in getting service hours and volunteering they can contact STVM 2003 grad, Meghann Trecaso at kidzday@wkdd.com., Chelsea Laury VM 13 is off and running!

http://www.ohio.com/blogs/varsity-letters/varsity-letters-1.279974/st-v-m-graduate-chelsea-laury-commits-to-run-at-kent-state-1.413367#.UeRvn4pA5_Q.facebook, Just in case you missed last week's Plain Dealer!
Thank you to LeBron James, LeBron James Family Foundation, and BSN Sports! We cannot wait to see the generous gifts we have given!
http://bit.ly/13dUD2y, Attention all Chicago STVM Alums, Friends, and Fans! 
STVM will be in Chicago this Wednesday July, 17th!, null, A little Irish in Spain- at the Plaza de Espana., The STVM Irish are trotting the globe this summer.  Here are our students in Paris!, Green Street Stadium is coming to life! Fall Sports are just around the corner. See you in August!, ATTENTION PARENTS!

Just a quick reminder… the 2013 Fall Sports Program packets were mailed to your attention in June.  

The deadline is July 15th – to be included, be sure to submit:
•	Business ad
•	Personal/family ad to your student athlete
•	Scholar Athlete Info
•	Family Tree Info

ALSO, be sure to view the updated 2013 Fall Sports Program Picture Day Schedule.  Football team picture time & date has CHANGED!

Question? Contact Kathy Holaday (kholaday@stvm.com)
Upload link:  http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=854&section=parentinfo, Chicago Friends... Here We Come!, Important Update to Fall Sports Pictures, null, Congrats to STVM senior athlete Aaron Adkins who went 10-0 in a National Wrestling Tournament in FL. He won a Gold medal and All-American status. 

Aaron is also the 2013 OHSAA Division II 182 lb. State Wrestling Champion as well as a member of the 2012 OHSAA Division III State Champion Football Team. 

WAY TO GO AARON!, Attention STUDENTS: 
Do not forget to come into school today to pick up your schedules for the upcoming FALL semester. Schedule packets are available in the Attendance Office for pick up from 9:00-11:30 and then again from 1:00-3:00.

The entire school building will be closed on Thursday, July 4, 2013 and Friday, July 5, 2013. Thank you for your cooperation!, HEY ALUMNI!
Have you checked out the Alumni FB page yet? Make sure to LIKE their page to keep up to date on all things alumni!

Have a reunion coming up? Check out the Alumni Tab on our website for updates from your reunion chair:
http://www.stvm.com/alumni/class_reunions.php, Go PJ!, STVM has not one but TWO senior Ohio State Football Recruits at the Nike Headquarters competing in the SPARQ Championships, which is the premier high school football off season combine hosted by Nike. 

STVM seniors, Parris Campbell and Dante Booker are considered two of the nation's top football recruits. They enter their senior football season at STVM as future Buckeyes.

 Here is a recap video from ESPNU of yesterday's events. The first 10 seconds of this video show Parris Campbell running in a 40 yard dash race. He is the one in the middle who ends up finishing 3rd: http://espn.go.com/college-sports/football/recruiting/index, Hello Chicago Friends and Alumni of St. Vincent-St. Mary High School, 
The STVM Advancement Team is hitting the road, and we want to visit with you!
   
STVM will be in CHICAGO on Wednesday, July 17th to gather all STVM, St. Mary, and St. Vincent alumni for a CHICAGO ALUMNI GATHERING!
This is a great opportunity to network with fellow STVM Alumni living in your area, reconnect with friends, and hear a report of the latest happenings at your Alma Mater.
Yearbooks and IRISH memorabilia will be on hand to help with your trip down memory lane. Chicago friends of STVM are welcome! 
We are finalizing the details of the exact location will have confirmation soon; mark your calendar and watch for updates with details.
Share this information with your STVM friends in the area, and be sure to update us with your current information.
Please plan to join us on Wednesday, July 17th at 6:00 p.m.
If you have questions or suggestions for the STVM Chicago Alumni Gathering, please contact Ellen Cronin Zegarra VM92 at 330.253.9113 x152 or ezegarra@stvm.com

We look forward to connecting with you on July 17th!, null, Sign up for any STVM enrichment and/or athletic summer camp on our website. Camp Irish is a great way to explore and expand your academic and athletic interests.
 
Read more about our camps and sign up on the Summer Camps tab on our website: 
http://www.stvm.com/athletics/summer_camps.php, Attention all STVM Falls Sports Parents:
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=854&section=parentinfo, The STVM Advancement Team will be hitting the road this summer!
Where will you be?, IT'S NOT TOO LATE TO DONATE!
The Fund for STVM, our annual fund, is a combined effort of STVM alumni, current parents, past parents, staff, friends, and family members to nurture the rich tradition that has produced over 17,000 alums nationwide. Your annual donation goes right to work to provide support for 100% of our students. Without The Fund, students would not be able to attend STVM.
 
Our fiscal year ends on June, 30, 2013; therefore, you have until then to make your commitment.                                                 
DONATE NOW ONLINE:
http://www.stvm.com/development/donate_online.php, 4th Quarter Honor and Merit roll lists have been posted on the website:
http://www.stvm.com/academics/honor_merit_roll.php, Attention all STVM commuters! 
North Street is open for business! The water main has been fixed., Important Schedule Change Info:
http://bit.ly/1aNgfG8, Calling all CHICAGO & NEW YORK Fighting Irish Alums, Friends, and Fans! 
The STVM Advancement Team is coming your way! Join us!, Coach L catches up with The West Side Leader about our outstanding Girls Track & Field Team:
http://bit.ly/12ngM9L, In case you missed it, here is the ABJ article about Derek Whiddon '14 representing the State of Ohio at Boys Nation Senate in Washington, D.C.
http://bit.ly/19phKMo, Kick it into high gear with our Alumni!, Loyal STVM supporters, Don M56 and Darlene Utrup have been recognized as a Jewel of our Community by Leave a Legacy.  We cannot thank Don and Darlene enough for their support.  They truly are a blessing to STVM., null, Sign up for any STVM enrichment and/or athletic summer camp on our website. Camp Irish is a great way to explore and expand your academic and athletic interests.

Read more about our camps and sign up on the Summer Camps tab on our website: http://www.stvm.com/athletics/summer_camps.php, Congratulations, LeBron James VM03 and the rest of the Miami Heat on being NBA Champions! LeBron also won his second consecutive NBA Finals MVP! Way to go LeBron!, VJ King '16 won a gold medal with the USA U16 Basketball Team  last week. His coaches and teammates, along with VJ were featured on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland.
http://on.wkyc.com/11PMZrl, The Marching Band and Irish Dancers went to Disney for their Spring Break this past school year. Here is a great compilation put together by our STVM parents! Thank you parents!
http://bit.ly/1bZx3aJ, Summer Bookstore Hours Reminder:
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=846&section=parentinfo, Derek Whiddon '14 is about to make STVM history! Derek will represent the State of Ohio at Boys Nation Senate in Washington, DC
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=850&section=parentinfo, Major progress has been made on The LeBron James Arena. Here is a sneak peek of the floor getting ripped up from our YouTube Page:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1QBcA1tVNJY, null, Farewell Faculty!, Have you seen The West Side Leader Akron Ohio News lately? 
STVM students were featured. Valedictorian, Vincenzo Volpe was also highlighted for his accomplishments in science and music. Read the article here:
http://bit.ly/16dOm6o, Check out Jack Giles VM'14 spending the week at the Naval Academy Admissions! Way to go Jack! What is everyone doing this summer?, VJ King and the USA U16 Team win their third straight GOLD MEDAL with a 98-46 victory over Argentina!
http://www.usabasketball.com/mens/u16/, VJ King and the rest of the USA U16 Team advance to the GOLD MEDAL GAME!

Plain Dealer article: http://bit.ly/16biaRj, St. Vincent- St. Mary students don't spend their summers sleeping in.  Here is what sophomore VJ King is doing.http://www.usabasketball.com/bios/king_vj.html, Happy Father's Day!, Tomorrow from 11:30-1:30 is the RECYCLED uniform sale put on by Parent's Club. Sale held in the Student Center!, Check out Mick Iacofano's interview on USA TODAY HSS Cleveland .
http://bit.ly/1a7yTYW, Go Irish!, Welcome to the Class of 2017 for Summer Physical Education!, Why STVM?  What is STVM all about?
Click the link below to hear straight from our students why STVM is the best choice they have ever made. 
http://bit.ly/1bwicnI, Coach Gary Work Out News and Summer Work Out Schedule:
http://www.stvm.com/athletics/strength_training.php, Mick Iacofano was interviewed today by WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland . Mick has had a legendary running career at STVM. In his senior year alone, Mick has won one individual Cross Country State Championship and one team Track and Field State Championship. Mick will continue his academic and running career at Kentucky Wildcats. Way to go Mick!, Nice Track Recap from the OHSAA website:
http://www.ohsaa.org/sports/tf/2013/2013TFcoverage.htm, null, Congratulations to Coach L and our Boys Track and Field Team! They are 2013 Division II State Champions!
What an exciting weekend it was! Congrats boys!

The Girls Track and Field Team finished 5th! Great job girls!

Akron Beacon Journal Article: http://bit.ly/19gzs3B
Plain Dealer Article: http://bit.ly/11qIbY9, Here at STVM, we take pride in our Catholic faith and the Christian environment we provide daily for our students. This year alone we celebrated over 40 liturgical services, 141 senior students embarked on one of three Kairos Retreats, and our students performed over 23, 877 hours of service. 

Check out the Faith & Service tab on our website. It offers a more in depth glance at how our students walk with Christ every day. Share their journey here: http://www.stvm.com/studentlife/spiritual_life.php, Do you tweet?
Make sure to follow @STVMATHLETICS this weekend for updates on Track & Field State in Columbus., Keep up to date with the Summer Assignments icon on our website over the summer.  Teachers will update and add assignments over the summer.
http://bit.ly/NTeGMi, STVM would like to wish all of our students and families a happy and safe summer! We will see everyone in August!, At Camp Irish we offer school-age students a chance to develop through a variety of enrichment experiences. We provide opportunities for growth, both academically and athletically, in a safe and exciting atmosphere. Come and join us this summer to make new friends and learn all about what the STVM community has to offer you. 

We look forward to seeing you this summer!

Visit the Summer Camps tab on our website for more info: http://www.stvm.com/athletics/summer_camps.php, Good luck to all of our Boys and Girls Track athletes who are traveling to Columbus for The OHSAA State Championship this weekend! Final Exams and State all in one week! GO IRISH!, Weeks ago, we had our Hard Hats Gymnasium Gala which was the last bash before construction started on The LeBron James Arena. One of the items we auctioned off was the "Last Shot." Long time STVM athletic supporter, Deidre Hanlon bought the package for her granddaughter, Annie Hanlon, current 6th grader at St. Sebastian Grade School. Here is Annie taking the last and final shot in our gymnasium.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KWSbmZjRxR4, Today marks the last day for Final Exams and the last day of school! Good luck to all on exams! 

Summer Business Office Hours:
Monday-Thursday 9:00am-3:00pm
CLOSED ON FRIDAYS, Last week, The LeBron James Family Foundation delivered Nike jackets to the entire Class of 2013.  These jackets were graduation gifts from LeBron James. Here is the presentation of their Irish Forever jackets from our YouTube page: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VybRZF03bH0, Summer Physical Education Begins Monday, June 10
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=845&section=parentinfo, Exam Week and Summer Bookstore Hours:
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=846&section=parentinfo, STVM received some exciting news yesterday! STVM Freshman, VJ King is one of 12 young men to represent the United States of America on the 16-U Men's National Basketball Team!

The team will compete in the FIBA Americas U16 Championship in Maldonado, Uruguay, June 11-15. 
WAY TO GO VJ! We are so proud of you! USA!

Plain Dealer article: http://bit.ly/Zt0O19, The Class of 2013 hoist their caps into the air!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lCsrBH2luGQ, Congrats to LeBron James VM03, The LeBron James Family Foundation, and the Miami Heat for winning Game 7 over the Indiana Pacers last night! The Heat are Eastern Conference Champions!, Did you see Sunday's Akron Beacon Journal? In case you didn't, here is our ad that was featured!, null, Final Exams have started and will continue until Thursday! Good luck to ALL students who have been studying hard to ace their exams!, Rocket Team Video #2: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnlhEXEAmHI, Two Rocket Team videos have been blasted to the STVM YouTube page! Thank you to all of the parents who have worked so hard to make these videos possible. Our Rocketry Program is really taking off!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KVeTsX5kmjk, Congratulations to the Class of 2013!
"May the road rise up to meet you.
May the wind always be at your back.
May the sun shine warm upon your face,
and rains fall soft upon your fields.
And until we meet again,
May God hold you in the palm of His hand.", The girls win, the girls win! The Girls Track & Field Team brings home the Regional trophy and move on to State Competition this weekend.  

The Boys Track & Field Team finished in 2nd place! They also move on to State Competition this weekend!

Congrats to Coach L and all of his athletes!, Beautiful article about Track and Field from the weekend's ABJ. Read more about STVM senior Mick Ianofano and Cuyahoga Valley Christian Academy's Evan Carroscia as they battled all weekend for the top spot.
http://bit.ly/15xuXh6, LeBron James delivered to the Class of 2013 last week at Graduation practice.  Thank you again to LeBron and the entire LeBron James Family Foundation!

Click the link below to learn more about the special gifts our seniors received just before they walked the stage!
http://bit.ly/15xt9ET, Gym Update on the LeBron James Family Foundation page!, Get yours TODAY!, Class of 2013 Graduation: Saturday, June, 1, 2013 at 7:30pm at E.J Thomas Hall (downtown Akron), End of school year TRIP info: http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=842&section=parentinfo, Class of 2014 Student Council Election Results:
President: Kelly Lauck
Vice-President: Corey Large
Secretary: Brianna Machuga
Treasurer: Jack Giles

Congrats to all of these students!, Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster

"The Class of 2013 Baccalaureate Mass was beautiful, including the priest’s comment that the graduates’ singing was very good.  Salutatorian Amanda Burke delivered a wonderful, sincere reflection. Good luck to all!"
-Mr. David Rathz, null, In case you missed Baccalaureate last night, here are some great shots from the Class of 2013, Class of 2015 Student Council Election Results:
President: Shea O'Brien
Vice-President: Chad Kanakkanatt
Secretary: Harrison Mesek
Treasurer: Gina Skora

Congrats to all these students! Current Juniors vote tomorrow!, Here is a video of the Class of 2013 filing into St. Bernard's for Baccalaureate Mass.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=guaddbsAuSo, Last night was a special night for the Class of 2013 at St. Bernard's Church in downtown Akron.  Our graduates experienced the first step in a new chapter of their lives. Baccalaureate is a time to reflect on your growth with God, your community, and yourself as a graduate of St. Vincent-St. Mary High School. Good luck to the Class of 2013! 15 North Maple Street will always be your home., Reminder: Sports physicals will be offered tomorrow (5/29) at 3:30pm in the Cosgrove Center Gym for $20. All athletes should expect to participate. See the link for all medical paperwork needed for athlete physicals: http://www.stvm.com/athletics/athletic_director.php, Class of 2016 Student Council Election Results:
President: Eva Finley
Vice-President: Patrick Walter
Secretary: Tommy Weber
Treasurer: TIE- Nate Labbe & Griffin Spinner

Congrats to all! Current Sophomores vote tomorrow!, The STVM Track and Field teams do it again! Both our boys and girls teams took home the District Title over the weekend and advance to REGIONAL COMPETITION! Congrats to Coach L and all of his athletes!
http://bit.ly/12f4ffM, null, null, null, null, Yesterday, the seniors were all dressed in their red, white, and blue for their last day at STVM. We had a few Eagle Scouts in the building. Pictured from left: Bryan Wisor, Greg Rybka, and Connor Weber., Farewell to the Class of 2013! Good luck to each and everyone one of you. Thank you for attending St. Vincent-St. Mary High School.

Baccalaureate: May, 28, 2013 at 7:00pm at St. Bernard (downtown Akron)
Graduation: June, 1, 2013 at 7:30 at E.J. Thomas Hall (downtown Akron), It was announced earlier today that STVM junior linebacker, Dante Booker has decided where he will continue his academic and football college career.  Dante has offically committed to The Ohio State University to play football! Congratulations to Dante and his family! We look forward to your senior year in green and gold!, Final Exam Schedule June 4-6: http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=841&section=parentinfo …, Senior Calendar Posted on STVM Website
On www.stvm.com (top right corner) you will find a mini graduation cap.  Click on that cap for all dates and times for yearend senior activities, baccalaureate, and graduation., Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster

"The STVM Class of 2013 has been the “class of the city” by almost any measure.  We congratulate every member of the class for their numerous accomplishments. Thank you for your time here at STVM and good luck in the future, we know you are all prepared!"
-Mr. David Rathz, Last weekend, STVM senior, Greg Rybka was selected as a Cleveland Plain Dealer 2013 Senior Standout. After his feature article, he was one of four Senior Standouts interviewed on 90.3 WCPN. Here is the interview: http://bit.ly/14yCbks, A big thank you to everyone who came to our Hard Hats Gymnasium Gala last night! We cannot thank everyone enough for their support! Thank you especially to LeBron James and The LeBron James Family Foundation, Gary Johnson, Patty Burdon, Coach Dru Joyce, The STVM Advancement Team and Administration, and all who participated. We are so excited for our new face lift!, If you missed out on last night's Hard Hats Gymnasium Gala, you missed out!  Here is the ABJ's write up on our event: http://bit.ly/14R7Fle, Make sure to check out www.stvm.com under the Headlines section for updates on Fall Sports Team Meetings that are coming up!, Congrats to the Softball Team who finished their season last week! Thank you seniors!, Here is a list of our 2013 Senior Signees and their college picks!, Here is the tail end of our Senior Signing Reception that took place today at noon.  13 STVM athletes signed to colleges today!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GqT84cec7HU, Parent Reminder for TODAY:
Senior Athletic Signings Are Today

Seniors who will be continuing their athletic endeavors at the college level will be honored at a senior signing reception on today at 12:00 PM in the STVM Gymnasium. All families and friends of senior signees are invited to attend., TONIGHT IS THE NIGHT! Be a part of history!
Have you confirmed your reservation? Come to STVM tonight to help us throw the last bash in our gym before the renovation of The LeBron James Arena begins.

Event begins at 6:00 in the gymnasium., null, We at St. Vincent-St. Mary know what an amazing guy Senior, Greg Rybka is. Here is an article that gives the rest of the world a peek. , Today was our Senior Farewell Mass.  The gym was full of students, staff and families as we bless our class and commission them as alumni.  Thank you for an amazing four years Class of 2013.  A truly commemorative event as this is the last Mass in the gym., Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster

"Last evening’s Scholastic Honors Night saw over 300 students receive academic awards.  Congrats to the students, and thank you to the faculty.  We also appreciate the parents and grandparents who have sacrificed to make a great education available to their kids."
-Mr. David Rathz, OHSAA Competitive Balance Proposal does NOT pass. Proposal failed by 19 votes.
Seven of the nine proposed OHSAA constitution and bylaw revisions were passed by member schools. Highlighting the voting was approval of a significant change to the transfer bylaw, but a proposal to change how schools are placed into their tournament divisions for team sports failed. 
http://www.ohsaa.org/, Congrats to the Softball Team on their 12-0 victory last night! They advance to the Sectional Final today at 3pm at Northwest. Here is today's Akron Beacon Journal article: http://bit.ly/10txtUf, Yesterday was "Wear your college hoodie" to school day for seniors and faculty.  This days gives our seniors a day to show off their college selections!  Where did you go to college, we want to know!, STVM Senior, Isabella Sparhawk is currently competing at Intel which is a National Science Competition in Phoenix, AZ for her work with Antimicrobial Silver Nanoparticle Coating for Touch Screen Devices. Visit the link below to follow Bella on her journey:
http://www.societyforscience.org/intelisef2013

When visiting the site, Bella is featured on page 131 of the 2013 Intel Program., This Friday is the last day to sign up for the all school trip to Cedar Point on Friday May 24, 2013.  Tickets are $50 which include your park ticket and your bus ticket.  If you own a season pass, you will only be charged $15 for your bus ticket. Permission slips are required for this trip. Sign up in the STVM Bookstore TODAY!

www.cedarpoint.com, Congratulations to the STVM Baseball Team for such a great season.  You were so fun to watch, we are so proud of you!, Thank you to LeBron James Family Foundation for the ice cream today! The entire student body cannot thank you enough!, Seating is LIMITED! Get in your RSVP for the final farewell to our gymnasium!, STVM's Team Alpha Places 1st in Ohio & 13th in the Nation at Team America Rocketry Challenge (TARC)
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=835&section=parentinfo, http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=836&section=parentinfo, Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster

"Our science team members were highly successful again at State competition:  11 superiors and 10 excellents;  i.e., all 21 were winners at the highest level!"

-Mr. David Rathz, STATE SCIENCE RESULTS FROM THE WEEKEND:, STVM Athlete Sports Physicals Wednesday,May 29! More info from our trainer, Brian Knight:
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=827&section=parentinfo, 2013 Promenade Information:
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=832&section=parentinfo, null, ATTENTION VM13 Parents!

The Senior Farewell Mass and Alumni Pin Ceremony has a new date & time!  Please join us on Friday, May 17th at 9:15 a.m. in the STVM Gym for the Mass & Ceremony., http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=828&section=parentinfo …, The West Side Leader did an article on STVM's Bella Sparhawk and her top science prize! Bella heads to Arizona to compete at Intel this weekend.  Her work has also granted her a patent.

http://bit.ly/ZN9exe, STVM had one busy morning. Science State send off assembly and Rocket Team TARC send off assembly!  21 STVM students travel to The Ohio State University for State Science and Rocket Team travels to Virginia forThe Team America Rocketry Challenge (TARC). Isabella Sparhawk travels to Arizona this weekend to compete at Intel which is a national science competition.  This is STVM's second consecutive year sending a student to Intel.  It was also announced that Isabella has been granted a patent for her work which she will present at Intel.  Good luck to all of our students in three different states this weekend!, Welcome to 15 North Maple Street! You have reached your destination. LeBron James Family Foundation, Spring Choir Concert tonight at 7:00pm in the Theater and Student Center, Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster

"Today we received the invitation to Nationals for our Rocket Team.  We fly yet again at the highest level!!!"
-Mr. David Rathz, Rocket Team to Compete Nationally, AGAIN!
Today, once again, STVM received exciting news! STVM has been chosen to compete in the Team America Rocketry Challenge (TARC), a National Rocketry competition, this weekend in The Plains, Virginia.  National launch pad competitions are starting to become a constant among our Rocket Team students. Only 100 teams from across the country have been selected to compete; we were placed as the 101st team positioning us as the first alternate team.  The stars aligned and we were given the chance to represent our school nationally.  Gianna Hammer, Isabella Sparhawk, Joey Stavale, Noah Pettry, Austin Connell, and Anthony  Morganti will represent STVM at TARC.  Congratulations to our TARC Team as well as Mr. Bob Engels their coach. Good luck!

Visit the TARC website to learn what teams from throughout the United States will be competing against our team and more on TARC: http://www.rocketcontest.org/, Keep up with our Alumni!, http://bit.ly/10Gk9YA, Last weekend, STVM's NASA SLI Team had a launch in Amherst.  The Rocket flew to 4980’ – it was the highest altitude reached that day.  Check out the rocket flying through the sky!, Reminder from Student Council:
TALENT SHOW IS TONIGHT AT 7PM! $5.00 at the door.  Come and watch some STVM talent!, Congratulations are in order to LeBron James VM03 for being announced as the 2013 NBA MVP. This is his second consecutive title and the 4th overall MVP title of his career.  LeBron is just one of five players to win this award 4 or more times. He is now listed in the history books amongst other NBA greats such as, Kareem Abdul-Jabaar with six, Bill Russell with five, Michael Jordan with five, and Wilt Chamberlain with four.  Congratulations LeBron, your STVM family could not be any happier for you!

Here is more on LeBron's amazing accomplishment: http://bit.ly/10k8KyK

LeBron James Family Foundation, Last Friday, STVM stood up to bullying.  Pink shirts were seen all over campus for our Stand Up to Bullying Campaign., null, null, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gAoKO1xJoeM, Senator Frank LaRose Presents STVM Junior With a Resolution for her Volunteerism!

This morning Senator Frank LaRose came to STVM to present junior, Briana Machuga with a Resolution Certificate for her extraordinary volunteer service.  Brianna traveled to Washingon D.C. to receive a national award in February.   She was recently named the winner of the National Parks Service (NPS) George and Helen Hartzog Award for Outstanding Volunteer Service – Youth Award.  Considered the most prestigious of the NPS awards, it recognizes volunteers for their hard work, vast skills, and contributions that lead to development of innovative projects and volunteer involvement., BREAKING NEWS: STVM congratulates THE LEBRON JAMES FAMILY FOUNDATION on their beautiful new website. We are proud to be identified as a premier partner of LJFF. Follow the link and scroll to see what this new partnership brings: http://www.lebronjamesfamilyfoundation.org/stvincent-stmary-hs, The Leprechaun Gold is our student run newspaper. This monthly publication is written by journalism students under the supervision of Mrs. Harrigal and Mrs. Wood. What a great read!
Check out April's Issue as well as other school publications: http://www.stvm.com/studentlife/publications.php, Last night the Baseball Team defeated Archbishop Hoban 1-0 on a sacrifice fly by Corey Whaley to score Anthony Cerreto. Congrats to Coach Boarman and the rest of the Fighting Irish!  What a ball game!

Akron Beacon Journal article: http://bit.ly/ZpgDmk, Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster

"May 1st is the Feast Day of St. Peregrine, the Patron Saint of Cancer Patients. How appropriate for all of us that we devoted our day to wearing pink and showing our support as a school community for cancer patients close to us."
-Mr. David Rathz, Students join the fight today at lunch. Team Sanor is in full force., null, Congrats to STVM Senior, Andy Farrell, who has signed to play college baseball!

Click the link to read the Akron Beacon Journal article: http://bit.ly/16nlfk4, Blood Mobile at STVM May 11

The Irish Future Medics and the Red Cross will be sponsoring a Blood Mobile on Saturday, May 11 from 10:00-3:00. This drive will take place in our Cosgrove Center. Walk ins are welcome and encouraged to make this drive a success. Students will be able and encouraged to sign up during their lunch time the week of May 6-10. Please consider being a donor, you can save three lives with your donation!, Please note: tomorrow's baseball game vs. Hoban will be played at The University of Akron at 5:00., Do not forget to wear pink tomorrow for spirit day. This display of pink will show our support for a fellow faculty member as she battles cancer. 

Let’s join together to form a web of support for her and all of us whose lives have been affected by cancer.

Joining together our prayers and thoughts, let’s be a powerful witness to LOVE!, Friday is the day! Join us for our ART SHOW!, TRIP Order Dates and Rebate Check Information

As the 2012-13 school year quickly approaches an end, be sure to make note of some important dates related to TRIP orders and rebates. Click the link for more information on the Parents Club web page: http://www.stvm.com/parentinfo/parents_club.php, THANK YOU!, Another Opening.... of anotherr SHOW! Check out The Leprechaun Theatre Guild's Promo for "Kiss Me Kate".

Click on the link and enjoy the show:http://bit.ly/181W4jk, Another Opening.... of anotherr SHOW! Check out The Leprechaun Theatre Guild's Promo for "Kiss Me Kate": http://bit.ly/181W4jk, null, Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster

"All indicators tell us the musical, “Kiss Me, Kate,” is another phenomenal production—see you there!"
-Mr. David Rathz, Just in case you missed yesterday's Akron Beacon Journal!
1966 St. Vincent High School graduate, Larry Vuillemin, and STVM regular, Rev. Norm Douglas were featured for founding Heart to Heart Communications years ago.

Check out the article here: http://bit.ly/10fHwru, Today's JV and Varsity Baseball games vs CVCA will begin at 4:30.  

JV home at Patterson Park and Varsity away at CVCA., null, Here is a fabulous picture from the Disney trip our Marching Band and Irish Dancers went on over Spring Break! THANK YOU to the photographer!, Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster

"What a great fundraising weekend at STVM.  Congratulations to everyone who worked and participated at Showcase 2013."
-Mr. David Rathz, Looking to enhance your spiritual opportunities?
Join the STVM student body and faculty every Wednesday at St. Vincent Church for all school mass. Mass begins at 11:00am at St. Vincent Church, which is located at 164 W Market St  Akron, OH 44303, null, JOIN US!, Recap from The Greater Akron Touchdown Club Winter Sports Banquet, Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster

"No school does what we do—Creative Arts Festival Assembly this afternoon—music, art, drama—all at the highest level!"
-Mr. David Rathz, null, null, null, Attention Seniors and Parents: The Senior Survey is Due Wednesday, May 1

All seniors were given a survey to complete regarding information for the final program at graduation that is due no later than May 1st, 2013. The information needed includes the names of any grants or scholarships they have received, as well as a copy of the acceptance letter from the college they plan to attend. If you have any further questions please contact one of the counselors., The Leprechaun Theatre Guild Presents: Kiss Me Kate
Attend a showing this week! Showtime dates for Kiss Me Kate: April 25-28

More info: http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=774&section=parentinfo, THANK YOU!, Thank you to EVERYONE who came out to support STVM at Showcase last night ! It was an amazing night!, Great article on our Baseball Coach, Anthony Boarman and our team! GO IRISH!

Follow our Baseball Team on Twitter @STVMBaseball

http://bit.ly/XTz7zX, Seniors and Senior Parents: Have you checked out the graduation cap on our website? The full May calendar is available with all the necessary dates leading up to GRADUATION on June 1st. Where has this year gone?

Check out the calendar here:http://bit.ly/YxfdWe, Attention Parents & Students: Please do not forget about early dismissal today! Students will be dismissed at 1:30 today., null, Follow our NASA Rocket Team this weekend in Alabama at the NASA Student Launch on their live feed: http://t.co/KOAIm7HqBc, null, Senior Congratulation Orders Now Being Placed for 2013 Yearbook

Senior Congratulation orders are being placed now for the 2013 Yearbook. Please read more at the link below and send your order in by May 1st. Parents of seniors were mailed information over Spring Break. Email Beth Dolan with any questions bdolan@stvm.com. 

Click here to download the form:http://bit.ly/13iWQI7, Showcase 2013 Program available ONLINE NOW!! See everyone on Saturday!, Check our STVM calendar for today's after school events: http://www.dynacal.com/stvm/calendar.asp, Go to the NASA Student Launch website for more info on what our Rocket Team will be doing this weekend.

http://www.nasa.gov/topics/technology/slp/index.html, The STVM NASA Rocket Team has been working diligently constructing a 29 pound rocket that carries a pay load and shoots 1 mile into the sky, then drops with a parachute that helps it to land. They have gone through the same procedures that any NASA team preparing for launch would go through.  Necessary reviews approved by NASA and test runs have taken place, now it is time to launch! They travel to Alabama to compete at the NASA Student Launch on April 20th!  Good luck Team NASA!, Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone affected by the tragic events that look place yesterday at the Boston Marathon.  May The Lord guide you., 3rd Quarter Report Cards Mailed Out on Thursday, April 11

Third quarter report cards were mailed out this past Thursday, April 11. Please make sure to check your mail to confirm that you have received them. If you have any questions or concerns, feel free to e-mail Barb DeGrand at bdegrand@stvm.com., null, One of a kind packages to bid on at Showcase this Saturday! Do not miss out!, null, null, Tonight's JV and Varsity baseball games vs. Hoban at Canal Park have been cancelled., URGENT: there is NO SCHOOL tomorrow 4/12/13 due to the water main break in Akron. Please steer clear of Valley, North, and Aqueduct Streets- flooding is a problem and that entire area is shut down.

Follow @stvmathletics on Twitter for the status of the baseball game vs. Hoban tomorrow night at Canal Park. This Facebook page will be updated as well., State Mathematics Competition Update:

At the 15th Annual OHMIO (Ohio High School Mathematics Invitational Olympiad), our two state qualifiers Preston Hollopeter and Andrew Rodgers represented St. Vincent-St. Mary well. While they spent the entire day doing mathematics, they also met other top mathematics students from across the state. The competed on the OHMIO Individual Competition which contained 20 open-ended questions, on the OHMIO Individual Ciphering Competition which consisted of 8 rounds of questions that are worked on under time limits, and on the OHMIO Pressure Competition which has 10 problems to be completed jointly by the members of the team within 21 minutes. On this last competition, teams were randomly put together from among the OHMIO participants but no one from the same school is on the same team. The Team of Andrew Rodgers and 3 other students placed an impressive Third Place on the Pressure Competition. He earned a medal for his accomplishment. Congratulations to both of these young men for representing us in this state mathematics competition.

Way to go boys!, The Leprechaun Theatre Guild Presents: Kiss Me Kate

The Leprechaun Theatre Guild's Spring musical this year will be Kiss Me Kate from April 25-28. Tickets are now on sale and you can also support them by purchasing an ad spot in their program. 

Link online for tickets and more info: http://bit.ly/XVsbeE, Parent's Club Meeting and Boys Tennis cancelled for TONIGHT!, null, Irish Athletics Today:
4:30 9th Baseball at Archbishop Hoban High School
4:30 V Softball at Our Lady of the Elms School (Elms Sports Complex)
4:30 JV and V Boys Tennis at Ursuline High School (Youngstown, Ohio).  Varsity plays at Cene Park.

STVM Athletics homepage on website: http://www.stvm.com/athletics/athletic_director.php, Great update from the Alumni Page!, LIKE our Showcase FB page! We are only 11 days away from the big day!, Check the master school calendar for all athletic and academic events until the end of the school year.  This is the first thing updated if schedule changes occur. Good luck today to the Baseball and Softball Teams! Alumni Assocation Meeting tonight as well!

Check it out here: 
http://bit.ly/10zOBXw, Have you returned your RSVP for Showcase? DO not miss your chance to bid on great packages, especially this one!, Here is the beginning of Live Stations of the Cross from Holy Thursday.

http://bit.ly/16IaGnn, The STVM Marching Band and Irish Dancers are currently at Disney World marching down Main Street! Here is a great shot from an Irish supporter at Disney World cheering on the Irish!, null, Good luck to our spring sports! Here are today's events:
4:30 Boys JV Tennis home at Edgewater Park vs. US
4:30 Boys V Tennis away at US
4:30 9th Baseball home vs Woodridge (Patterson Park)
7:00 V & JV Baseball away vs. Mooney (Bob Cene Park), null, We, at STVM, express our most sincere condolences to the Archbishop Hoban High School Community for the sudden passing of Jeffrey E. and Margaret J. Schobert.  Our thoughts and prayers remain with the Schobert Family and the entire Hoban Community for your loss., What would you do with $10,000?

Call 330-253-9113 ext. 112 for more info/ to purchase your ticket., null, St. Vincent-St. Mary Showcase is 3 weeks away, go to the Showcase FB page and LIKE it!, Today our Baseball Team had a great time with Keep Akron Beautiful.  They cleaned and collected over 70 bags of trash around Akron! Way to go boys!, Good luck to all of our spring sports teams as they open their seasons.

Last week, the Baseball Team hosted their First Annual Superhero Scimmage! Looking great boys!, WAKR AkronNewsNow featured STVM for our Pysanky, which is a traditional form of egg making. Russian teacher, Jennifer Philip has shared this art form with her students year after year.

Check out this link for a video interview:
http://bit.ly/XnR5u1, STVM building hours over Spring Break:
Tuesday 4/2/13 9:00am-3:00pm
Wednesday 4/3/13 9:00am-3:00pm
Thursday 4/4/13 9:00am-3:00pm

Classes and normal business hours will resume Monday, April 8, 2013.

The Bookstore will be closed from now until Monday, April 8, 2013.  We apologize for any inconvenience., From all of us here at STVM, we would like to wish everyone a happy Easter, as well as, a safe Spring Break!, Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster

"The STVM band and Irish Dancers are on another whirlwind trip this Easter vacation.  This time they are featured at DisneyWorld.  Yes, they are not just Ohio award winning, but Ohio, Florida, New York, Illinois, and Canada!!!"
-Mr. David Rathz, Holy Thursday. Live Stations. Prepare and reflect., STVM Freshman, VJ King has been named one of the Nation's Top 23 16U basketball players.  VJ will compete on the USA's Men's 16-Under Developmental Team.  They start training on May 30 in Colorado Springs, and the selected final 12 from Colorado will head to Uruguay to represent the USA for the FIBA Americas U16 Championship! Way to go VJ!

http://bit.ly/11QGUQb, Reflect and prepare.  Today is Holy Thursday. , Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster

"All week the Russian classes have been working with real eggs, waxing, coloring, and using Christian symbols to make authentic Russian Easter eggs called Pysanky.  Then they leave on Friday to go to Russia.  What?  Yes, they take their trip over Easter vacation."

Mr. David Rathz, What's going on with Alumni? Check them out!, This morning at the Math State Send Off Assembly, Preston Hollopeter and Andrew Rodgers were presented their Shillelagh Awards and also competed against other STVM students and teachers in a mock math competition.

http://bit.ly/Zw8Jt2, STVM Girls Head Basketball Coach, Joe Jakubick, is still the same old Joe on the court.  Joe is to compete in a National 3 on 3 tournament.
Click to read more about Joe:
http://ohne.ws/108Z7Um, Keep up to date with our Track & Cross Country teams! Check their wesbite for updates: http://www.stvmirishxc.com, WHY STVM? Your future begins HERE!
http://www.stvm.com/admissions/your_future_begins_here.php, Want to catch up on first hand/ student written STVM news?

Read our latest editions of our school newspaper, The Leprechaun Gold, Irish Items, The Connection Magazine, or any other STVM publication you like.  It is all on our website.

Click to learn more:http://www.stvm.com/studentlife/publications.php, Rathz & Raves:
A message from our Headmaster

"We are happy to be back in school today after taking off two days for safe travel to the basketball games in Columbus and our State Runner Up trophy! Thank you coaches, players, trainers, and fans!"
-Mr. David Rathz, Congrats to STVM senior, Nic Wells for making the Division II AP All-Tournament Team! You deserve it Nic!, Keep an eye on www.stvm.com for all the latest calendar updates.  The Baseball scrimmage today has been CANCELLED!

http://www.stvm.com/, Congrats to our Boys Basketball Team for their successful season! The entire STVM family couldn't be any prouder than what we are of each and every one of you! State Runner Up is such an accomplishment! Thank you seniors, coaches, trainers, and the entire STVM community for a ride of a lifetime!

http://bit.ly/YCNB1S, null, ABJ article about yesterday's State Semi VICTORY!
http://bit.ly/WSuHI1, THE BOYS WIN THE BOYS WIN!
STVM Boys Basketball Team beats Vincent Warren 70-51 and ADVANCE to the State Final Game on Saturday at 1:30 vs. Columbus Bishop Watterson at The Ohio State Schottenstein Center. See you there!

http://bit.ly/10suoUa, Boys Basketball State Send Off, Part 2/2:
http://bit.ly/13cIAEA, Boys Basketball State Send Off Assembly, Part 1:
http://bit.ly/ZdVqdr, We hope to see the entire Irish Nation this weekend down in Columbus! GO IRISH!, Thank you to the 20 grade schools who came to our 7th Grade Visitation! We loved having you!  See you next year for Shadow Day!, Click here for info on Cheerleading Try Outs: http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=810&section=parentinfo, Tomorrow STVM will be packed with 20 grade schools experiencing the STVM Experience first hand.  They will go to classes, meet our teams, coaches, and teachers, walk our halls, and feel the excitement! JOIN US!, Here is a picture of our Marching Band from the St. Patrick's Day Parade in Cleveland. This photo was taken from the Channel 3 News website., Due to the success of our Boys Basketball Team, THERE WILL BE NO SCHOOL THURSDAY OR FRIDAY OF THIS WEEK! Continue the celebration down in Columbus to cheer on our boys for the State Tournament!

Share in our excitement: http://bit.ly/YjObo7, We're moving, moving, straight to State... We are moving straight to STATE!!

Our boys have headed down to Columbus for the 11th time in school history!! Follow the link for all your State Tournament info, as well as pre sale ticket info: http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=808&section=parentinfo, 19 STVM Science Students Advance to State Competition in Columbus! Yet another State send off assembly is in our midst!

http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=809&section=parentinfo, STVM Senior Vincenzo Volpe's Performance with the Clevelend Orchestra at Severance Hall Televised
Date Posted: March 15, 2013

STVM Senior, Vincenzo Volpe, performed with the Cleveland Orchestra on Thursday, March 7, as a part of a showcase concert event featuring members of the Cleveland Orchestra's Youth Ensemble. The concert was video recorded and will be broadcasted on Friday, March 15th at 9:00 PM on WVIZ/PBS, channel 25.
 
Look for Vincenzo side-by-side with fellow youth orchestra members and musicians of the Cleveland Orchestra in this magnificent televised event at Severance Hall!
 
Go to www.clevelandorchestra.com for more information., null, OUR boys advance to the OHSAA Regional Final Game tomorrow afternoon at 3:00pm vs. Warrensville Heights!! Game will take place at the Canton Civic Center. PRE SALE TICKETS ON SALE NOW IN THE STVM BOOKSTORE!

ABJ Article: http://bit.ly/ZaGdg8
PD Article: http://bit.ly/ZtVAzy, March is National Athletic Trainers' Month!

We love our Athletic Trainer, Brian Knight! Help support Brian, SUMMA, and The Haven of Rest!, Good luck tonight to our Boys Basketball Team! They play CVCA for the Regional Semi at 6:15 at the Canton Civic Center.  GO BOYS!

Pre sale tickets are still available today in the STVM Bookstore. All pre-sale tickets are $6.00 and all tickets at the game are $8.00. All seats are reserved and will be sold on a first-come, first-serve basis. No tickets will be held or reserved., The white smoke rises and the cheers ring out from Vatican City! WE HAVE A NEW POPE! STVM welcomes Pope Francis, Jorge Mario Bergoglio of Argentina, as the 266th pope!
http://nyti.ms/ZLv4ni, One week until 7th Grade Visitation! JOIN US!, ART UPDATE:
How did we do at the Ohio Governor's Youth Competition? WE DID GREAT! Follow the link for more info about the winners and their art from our website: http://bit.ly/XsXEfl

When you are at school, do not forget to check out the ART DISPLAY CASE by the main doors. It is a revoloving door of STVM's latest works of art and photography., MESSAGE FROM OUR COUNSELORS:
Attention Parents: Sophomore Parent Night is TONIGHT from 6:30-7:30pm in Room 256! This meeting will offer important info on the college search process!, PURCHASE YOUR 10K RAFFLE TICKET TODAY! Only 300 will be sold at $100 a piece! Win $10,000 at Showcase! , What's happening on the STVM Alumni Page? LIKE it and find out!, Congrats to our Boys Basketball Team! For the 5th consecutive year, our boys have won the District Title! This is the 10th District title in the last 12 years under Coach Dru Joyce! 

They advance to the OHSAA Div. II Regional Semi-Final. The next game will be this Thursday March 14th at 6:15pm versus CVCA. The game will be played at the Canton Civic Center. Pre-sale tickets are available in the STVM bookstore. All pre-sale tickets are $6.00 and all tickets at the game are $8.00. All seats are reserved and will be sold on a first-come, first-serve basis. No tickets will be held or reserved.
http://bit.ly/15HX4tG, The Leprechaun Theatre Guild Presents: Kiss Me Kate

The Leprechaun Theatre Guild's Spring musical this year will be Kiss Me Kate from April 25-28. Tickets are now on sale and you can also support them by purchasing an ad spot in their program: 

http://bit.ly/XVsbeE, MOCK TRIAL UPDATE FROM THE WEEKEND:
Both of our Mock Trial Teams competed in the State Mock Trial Competition last week in Columbus.  Our Green Team was eliminated after the second round, but our Gold Team advanced all the way to the semi-finals – The Final Four!  We were eliminated by Indian Hill High School who went on to win the State Championship.  Congratulations to all of our Mock Trial students.  They competed at the highest  level and represented our school in the finest fashion., We are so proud of our 12 NEOSEF competitiors! They all earned awards. Here is a breakdown of what STVM did at NEOSEF., MOCK TRIAL STATE COMPETITION UPDATE:
Congrats to the Mock Trial Teams. Team Gold won both trials today to move on to Round 2 as one of the 8 teams left in the Ohio competition. Team Green split their two trials and finishes competition as one of the top 20 teams in Ohio. 

Bryan Borodkin and Ashley Johenning won all three in winning the Outstanding Attorney and Outstanding Witness awards at the district, regional and state levels.

Way to go ladies and gents!, Want to re live the State Wrestling Tournment? Watch STVM's Ryan Skonieczny take on Central Catholic's Alex Mossing on Flo Wrestling.

http://bit.ly/YHmzbj, West Side Leader article about our wrestlers at State and our 182 lb. State Champion, Aaron Adkins: http://bit.ly/VPlnUH, Two STVM students man the Blood Mobile check in table. Students will file into the gymnasium throughout the school day donating their blood to help others. American Red Cross, Here is the view from Mock Trial States! Can you spot the STVM bus?, Guidance Dept. Update: ACT Registration Deadline Registration Deadline for the April 13th ACT test is Friday, March 8th 

Attention all juniors, the deadline for the April 13th ACT test is this Friday. Make sure you go to this website and sign up before then so you do not receive a late fee. The website is http://www.actstudent.org/. If you have any further questions please come see one of the counselors prior to then., We don't just have State send off assemblies for our athletic teams, academics have them just the same.

Congrats to BOTH of our Mock Trial Teams.  Team Green and Team Gold will be competing at State Competition today and tomorrow.
http://bit.ly/ZimFnR, Both Mock Trial Teams, along with their advisors, before they leave for State., With Spring right around the corner, STVM's Rocket Teams prepare for National competition. In case you missed the West Side Leader, here is last week's article: http://bit.ly/XPy8x8, Good luck tonight to our Boys Basketball Team!

They play tonight in the OHSAA District Semi Final vs. Tuslaw at 6:15 at The Canton Fieldhouse!, Today all students and faculty will be attending the Interfaith Assembly.  The North Central “STVM Cares” Committee has 4 confirmed guests participating in this dialog about faith, along with our own faculty member, Nader Taha.

The STVM Cares Committee has 6 active faculty members., Congratulations to the Archbishop Hoban High School Cheerleaders for winning the Cheerleading State Championship at OSU this past weekend!, The STVM Future Medics and The Red Cross Team Up for the 2013 Blood Drive

Come support STVM, our Future Medics and the Red Cross! On Friday, March 8, the blood drive will take place in the STVM Gym from 8:30 AM – 1:30 PM. Scholarships may be awarded based on our participation levels! “You can put the power of faith into action and help save a life!” Thank you for your support., STVM announced the winners of the sales incentives for the Irish Family Car Raffle challenge last week!  Congratulations to all of our student winners!

The first homeroom that returned all of their sold tickets earned a doughnut breakfast Friday March 1st! The winners were the homerooms of Mrs. DeGrand and Ms. Howard!

The homeroom that sold the highest dollar amount in ticket sales won a catered lunch by Chipotle on MONDAY, March 4th!  The winner was Mrs. Arbaugh’s homeroom!

The grade that sold the highest dollar amount in ticket sales received a spirit day Friday, March 1st! The winning grade was the JUNIOR CLASS!  

Thank you again for everyone's support of the Irish Family Car Raffle! We are pleased to inform the public that STVM raised over $90,000 again this year in ticket sales! Thank you and GO IRISH!, Great News!!!  STVM has TWO students qualifying for the State Mathematics Tournament!!!!

Preston Hollopeter and Andrew Rodgers have qualified for the Ohio High School Mathematics Invitational Olympiad which will be held on Saturday, March 30, 2013 at Capital University.  

Congrats and good luck!!!, STVM Junior Preston Hollopeter Qualifies to Take the American Invitational Mathematics Exam

Congratulations are in order for Preston Hollopeter. On the recent American Mathematics Competition, he qualified to take the American Invitational Mathematics Exam (AIME). Students are invited to take this exam if they score in the top 5% of all students taking the 2013 AMC 12. The AIME is a three-hour examination. Each of its 15 questions requires a three digit integer answer. Calculators are not allowed. Preston will be taking the AIME on Thursday, March 14, which is Pi Day! We wish him the best of luck., null, Every year, French Club hosts, Educate the Congo.  Starting TODAY, you can donate used electronics or anything educational to help educate a nation!! Please see if you have…

Computers (working or not working)
Used or new children’s books
Sporting goods
DVD players 
CD players
Tape players 
DVDs
Tape recorders
mp3 players
Cell phones 
Bicycles
Books----all levels 
Anything you think is educational!

This Friday (12:00) is the last collection day! Deposit all your donations in Ken McDonald’s hallway. It’s just that easy!, Congrats to STVM junior heavyweight, Aaron Adkins for bringing home the gold from the OHSAA State Wreslting Tournament. Aaron is the Division II 182 lb. State Champion. Not only did Aaron win it all, he was also named Academic All-Ohio!

M...ike Rix & Ryan Skonieczny take 2nd place. Congrats boys, what an enormous accomplishment!

Dre'k Brumley and Garrett Carter place 7th!

Congrats are in order to the entire STVM Wrestling family! We could not be any prouder of our Fighting Irish! Way to go Coach Gary and the rest of the STVM Wrestling staff!, WRESTLING UPDATE from this morning's quarter finals:

Garrett Carter lost 3-10
Mike Rix won pinning his opponent
Walter Gibson lost 2-11
Ryan Skonieczny won 8-6
Aaron Adkins won 6-4
Dre'k Brumley lost - pinned in second period

1:00 p.m. today Carter, Gibson, and Brumley will wrestle in consolation round to try to place.
6:30 p.m. tonight Rix, Skonieczny, and Adkins wrestle in State Semi-Finals, STVM Junior, Jack Giles will not be attending your usual summer camp this summer....

The following info was taken from a press release written by the USNA:
The U.S. Naval Academy (USNA) invited a select group of approximately 2,550 young men and women from around the nation and abroad to attend the Naval Academy Summer Seminar program this year. Summer Seminar is a fast-paced leadership experience for rising seniors in high school.  This program helps educate, motivate and prepare selected students who are considering applying for admission to USNA. John "Jack" Giles has been selected and will attend!

Summer Seminar has an academic focus, with each student attending eight 90-minute workshops, covering subjects from information technology, naval architecture and mechanical engineering, to oceanography, mathematics, history and meteorology. Students will also participate in seamanship and navigation classes and will take a cruise aboard a Navy Yard Patrol (YP) Craft to apply what they will learn in class. Naval Academy Midshipmen lead  Summer Seminar with oversight by active-duty Navy and Marine Corps officers. 

For more information about the Naval Academy, please visit: www.usna.edu or their Facebook page: Naval Academy Admissions.

Way to go Jack!, null, Congrats to the Girls Basketball Team on their victory last night over Tallmadge HS. The Lady Irish advance to the District Final game Saturday afternoon at 2:30 vs. Hathaway Brown School at Nordonia HS.
 
Good luck tonight to the Boys Baskeball Team who continue their playoff run! They play Triway at 8pm at the Canton Fieldhouse!, Rathz and Raves:
A Message from our Headmaster

"Our school technology committee met with students who reported ways they use their iPads in classes to take notes and use other apps.  Mostly they love that they can look at the textbook without carrying it with them."
-Mr. David Rathz, WRESTLING STATE TOURNAMENT UPDATE:
All 6 STVM wreslters advance to the next round! They all won their matches yesterday!

Stay tuned to www.ohio.com and www.cleveland.com for updates.

In case you missed it, STVM Sophomore, Drek Brumley was featured in the Akron Beacon Journal 2 days ago.  He saved his family from a car crash on the way to a match. Here is the article: http://bit.ly/12gcdEJ, STVM students doing an experiment today in the Center for Science & Technology., Join us!, Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster

"Congratulations to our grapplers who are not just talented wrestlers but also great young men, including the National Honor Society member!!  Good luck at State."
-Mr. David Rathz, Parents & Students MARK YOUR CALENDARS!
Staff In-Service Date Reminders - 1:30 PM Early Dismissal

During this school year, our teachers have been involved in rewriting curriculum to address new state and national standards as well as Diocesan mandates. So that members of departments can spend some time together to complete the task, two 1:30 dismissal days have been calendared. 

On Thursday, April 18, 2013 and Thursday, May 16, 2013 students will be dismissed at 1:30 p.m. 

Reminder: there will be no classes on Friday, April 19 for Showcase preparations., Wrestlers receive their Shillelagh Awards! They are off to Columbus! Good luck boys!, Wrestling State send off assembly was this morning! We are sending 6 competitors and 1 alternate to the State Tournament in Columbus! Good luck boys! OHSAA

Check out the video from our assembly: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iLZpcS6so0o, Good luck tonight to the Boys Basketball Team who will begin the tournament. They will play Fairless tonight at 8:00pm at the Canton Fieldhouse.  Pre sale tickets are available now in the STVM Bookstore., Take a moment to Like our Showcase Page and see the items that come into the Showcase Office before anyone else!, Parents' Club in Need of Used Uniforms
We are getting ready for our next sale, scheduled for June 14, 2013 at 11:30 AM! The sale will feature uniform shirts, pants and spirit wear. Please send in your “gently” used uniforms to the STVM Bookstore. 

The STVM Parents’ Club is pleased to offer this service to our community and if you have any items to donate, please drop them off at the STVM Bookstore or the STVM front office prior to the June 14th sale. 

Attention VM13 Seniors - be sure to pass along your uniforms...future STVM students will thank you! Proceeds benefit the STVM Parents’ Club and the programs that Parents’ Club supports and sponsors. 

Questions? Please contact Jeannette Kaiser jeannettemkaiser@gmail.com., Six STVM Wrestlers Qualify for Columbus

The Irish will send six wrestlers to the state tournament, including junior Ryan Skonieczny, who won his 138-pound title match over Crestwood senior Dylan Kager 5-3. As a two-time state placer who hasn’t been satisfied with anything short of the top of the podium in Columbus, St. V-M coach Anthony Gary can see the effort is there. 

“He was kind of frustrated with his performance last year. He goes through practice, goes home and eats, does another lift, then wakes up in the morning and runs. In terms of work ethic, he’s definitely put in the time to be in the best spot on Saturday,” Gary said 

Sophomore Garret Carter (third place, 120 pounds), senior Mike Rix (third place, 126 pounds), Walter Gibson (fourth place, 132 pounds), junior Aaron Akdins (second place, 182 pounds) and sophomore Drek Brumley (third place, 285 pounds) all advanced. 

Adkins didn’t wrestle his title match against Revere’s Stephen Suglio due to minor injuries. Up until then, Suglio had pinned his way through both the sectional and district tournaments., Car Raffle Patrons Drive Away Winners!

Friday, February 22, 2013 was a great night to be Irish.  Students and fans packed the gym to see our boys basketball team take on Canton McKinley and to celebrate the amazing careers of our basketball, cheerleading, and athletic training seniors.  The Senior Night celebration kicked off what would be a very exciting night for the Irish. At halftime of the STVM Fighting Irish vs. Canton McKinley boys’ basketball game (of which the Irish were victorious) the winners of our 11th Annual Irish Family Car Raffle were drawn.  First prize, a 2013 Chevy Cruze donated by Serpentini Chevrolet, was awarded to Jim Kananen, a STVM past parent and resident of Peninsula, Ohio.  Second prize, a 51” Samsung Flat Screen TV donated by Kipp & Ruby Kofsky, was won by Warren Guillard father of STVM Senior, Marie Guillard.  Our third prize, $500 in Circle K gas cards donated by Jerry Kelly HVM08, was won by Lori Urdiales, mother of STVM Sophomore Karmen Urdiales.

Thank you to all teachers, students, parents, alumni, and friends who bought tickets and supported The 11th Annual Irish Family Car Raffle!, STVM Mock Trial Team Advances to State Competition in Columbus March 7-9

We are very pleased and proud to report that both of our Mock Trial Teams advanced to State level competition, to be held March 7-9 in Columbus. Our Gold Team took second place overall at Regionals, missing first place by only one point! Awards for Best Attorney went to Ellie Ewing, Ben Nelson, Isabella Sparhawk and Bryan Borodkin. Awards for Best Witness went to Monica Pirie and Ashley Johenning. 

Both the Green Team (Ellie Ewing, Bryan Borodkin, Jack Kelliher, Meghan Geist, Annmarie Costigan, Ashley Johenning, J.C. Portis, Rollie Shank) and the Gold Team (Ben Nelson, Isabella Sparhawk, RosaLia Stadler, Jackson Ewing, Mary Bozsik, Jane Bozsik, Monica Pirie, Maci Woyat) should be congratulated for their fine performances and the hours and hours of work they have done., Junior Parent Night Reminder

February 26th from 7:00-8:30 PM in Room 256 is the Junior Parent Night. (Sophomore parents may attend as well). Get the important information to the college search and admissions process. Parents are strongly encouraged to attend., Good luck today to our wrestlers competing at Districts at Alliance HS!, This 51" flat screen could be yours tonight! All it takes is $5! Enter for a chance to win!, TONIGHT is the night!
The Irish Family Car Raffle Drawing is tonight at halftime of the Boys Varisty Basketball game! JV at 6:00 and Varsity at 7:30! Tickets will be sold during the JV game and only until half time of the Varisty game.  Winning tickets will be pulled at half time!  Come down to STVM to watch some basketball and win one of 3 great prizes!

1st prize: 2013 Chevy Cruze
2nd prize: 51 inch plasma TV
3rd prize: $500 in Circle K gas cards!, Shopping for a high school? Need help filling out your application to STVM? 

The Admissions tab on our website can help you with any Admissions need you may have. Also- please contact Joanne Wiseman, Director of Admissions, at 330-253-9113 ext. 115 for further inquiries!

Why STVM? Check out this short video about why to choose STVM. http://www.stvm.com/admissions/your_future_begins_here.php

Join our family!, The Annual STVM Parents’ Club Flower Sale is in full swing--these are premium quality plants from Donzell’s and include hanging baskets, perennial pots, patio tomatoes, as well as half and/or full flats of annuals. Order your flowers by Saturday, April 20. 
 

The order form will be in the March Irish Items Newsletter 
Contact sale coordinator Ann Stavale for any questions at 330.592.6924 or astavale@kent.edu., Today's Akron Beacon Journal article about our boys basketball win over Hoover last night!

Way to go boys!

http://bit.ly/XwI3ak, Go GREEN, Spring Clean Rummage Sale

Do you have any unwanted items that are collecting dust and are crowding the space in your home? Here is an easy solution to recycle and help a worthy cause. 
On Sunday, March 17, 2013 in honor of St. Patrick’s Day and the Luck of the Irish...the STVM Environmental Conservation Club will be holding a Go Green: Spring CLEAN Rummage Sale. This is a great opportunity to recycle unwanted items and to help the STVM Environmental Conservation Club. 

When: March 17, 2013 
Where: Byrider Hall (St. Sebastian Parish Campus) 
Donate: Drop off items to donate to the sale between 10:00 AM and 11:00 AM 
Time: Purchase items during the rummage sale hours from 11:00 AM until 2:00 PM. All proceeds will benefit the STVM ECC and our campus recycling efforts! Contact Katelyn Holaday or Mrs. Price for more details., Congratulations to STVM senior bowler, Celeste Hall who will adavnce to districts this weekend!  Congrats Celeste!

Good luck to the girls basketball team today!  They will take on North High School at 6:00 at Nordonia HS. This game is the sectional semi final., Mandatory Baseball Tryout Meeting

There will be a mandatory meeting on Thursday, February 21 at 3:15 PM in room 256 for all students interested in trying out for the baseball team this spring. If you are currently in a winter sport and cannot attend the meeting or if you are unable to attend because of a prior commitment, you must see Coach Boarman. There is a required form that must be filled out in order to be able to participate in tryouts., The Dapper Dan Club of Akron held their 54th Annual Youth Charity Banquet this Sunday February 17th. The club honors local athletes and teams for their accomplishments on the field and in the classroom. At this year’s banquet three St. Vincent-St. Mary student-athletes were recognized: Junior Dante Booker, and Seniors Fransohn Bickley and Mick Iacofano. Also, the following teams were recognized as teams of the year: the 2012 State Champion Girls Track and Field Team, Girls Cross Country Team and Football Team., null, null, null, It will be another busy weekend for our STVM student athletes and coaches!

Irish Athletics tonight, February 15, 2013:
4:00pm – Wrestling in OHSAA sectional at Hoover High School. 

Irish Athletics Saturday, February 16, 2013:
Freshmen boys basketball at President’s Day Tournament in Mentor
9:00am- Wrestling continues in sectionals
11:00am & 12:00 & 2pm – Freshmen & JV & Varsity girls basketball ...away against Magnificat. 
12:00pm – Varsity boys bowling in OHSAA sectional tournament at Midway Lanes. Go
5:00 & 7:00pm – JV & Varsity boys basketball away against Youngstown Ursuline. 

Irish Athletics, Sunday, February 17, 2013:
12:00pm - Varsity girls bowling in OHSAA sectional tournament

Go Irish!, The STVM Science Fair was a success this year.  It was held last night in the Cosgrove Center from 4:00-7:00pm.  There were 70 students who participated in the fair this year. 39 out of the 70 students achieved a rating of Superior and are eligible to move on to Districts at The University of Akron, which will be held on Saturday, March 16th.

The top winners in each category were:
Chemistry, Medicine and Biochemistry- 1st-Preston Hollopeter, 2nd-Katherine Friess, 3rd-Abrar Alniemi
Physics, Engineering and Computers- 1st-Vincenzo Volpe, 2nd –Isabella Sparhawk, 3rd –Jack Hurley
Botany and Environmental- 1st-Colin Edgley, 2nd-Bryan Borodkin, 3rd-Hope Roberts
Zoology and Microbiology- 1st-Karl Rybka, 2nd- Dominic Sciarretti, 3rd- Griffin Spinner, STVM junior, Parris Campbell has verballed to The Ohio State University to continue his academic and football career. Here is what The Buckeye Battle Cry has to say:
http://bit.ly/14SRRip, In case you missed today's Akron Beacon Journal, our boys basketball team defeated the Walsh Jesuit Warriors last night! What an exciting game! Way to go boys!

http://bit.ly/XAo9sd, null, This 51 inch plasma TV could be yours Feb. 22! Buy a $5 car raffle ticket and it could be yours., Ash Wednesday is upon us. Enter into the silence., St. Vincent-St. Mary High School cordially invites interested families with students at any grade level to our Open House!

Thursday, February 28, 6:30 to 8 p.m.

STVM students will provide tours of our academic facilities. 
Presentation by STVM President, Thomas M. Carone.
Performances by our Band, Cheerleaders, & Irish Dancers.   
Faculty & Coaches will be available to answer your questions.
RSVP by contacting 330.253.9113 or www.stvm.com
We look forward to seeing you!, Happy Mardi Gras!
French Club Mardi Gras party from 3:00-4:00 today in the LRC., Come and join us., There are still a few pre sale tickets left in the Bookstore for tomorrow night's boys basketball game at Walsh Jesuit High School.  This game is anticipated to sell out.

JV at 6 and Varsity at 7:30. Pre sale tickets are $5., Congratulations to Antonio Manfut VM12 who is playing professional indoor soccer for the Syracuse Silver Knights soccer team.  Antonio signed with them a couple of weeks ago! Way to go Antonio!
http://www.syracusesilverknights.com/

http://www.syracusesilverknights.com/roster.cfm?player=50, The STVM Creed is a statement of core values embraced by STVM students.  Here at STVM, we not only embrace these qualities, but  help to instill them in each one of our students on a daily basis.

STVM SCHOOL CREED
As a student of the St. Vincent-St. Mary family 
and a unique child of God,
I will strive to uphold the dignity of all creation
By acting justly, loving tenderly, 
using my God-given talents, and walking humbly with my God.
Each of us plays an important role
in our school, our community, and our Church.
The future is our legacy: 
we carry it in our heads, our hands, and our hearts., STVM Summer Enrichment Camps dates released!, STVM Senior QB, Clayton Uecker has committed to Ave Maria in Naples, FL to continue his academic and football career! Way to go Clayton!

http://bit.ly/VIKeoR, null, STVM Wrestlers go 2-0 last night at tri-match vs. Hoban & Walsh! Way to go boys!

Junior, Ryan Skonieczny had two pins last night! These two pins lead him to career victory #100 and #101!  What an achievement! Way to go Ryan!
The Akron Beacon Journal article: http://bit.ly/V3BmwO, Enter to win $10,00! Only 300 $100 tickets will be sold.. get yours today!, Irish Athletics all over the news today!
Congrats to our Girls Basketball Team for defeating Hoban last night 64-58!
Here is what The Akron Beacon Journal has to say: http://bit.ly/YcLvon

Last weekend our Boys Basketball Team defeated Buchtel 59-42.  The West Side Leader has some great photos from that win: http://bit.ly/YcLHUB

Irish Athletics tonight, February 7, 2013:
6:00pm – Freshmen girls basketball home against Coventry
6:00 & 7:30pm – JV & Varsity boys basketball away against VASJ
6:00pm – Wrestling in tri-match at Walsh against Walsh and Hoban., ATTENTION CURRENT JUNIOR PARENTS:
Tonight is Registration for the Class of 2014 from 6:00-8:00 in the Student Center!, Newest version of Irish Items is NOW available online: http://bit.ly/XVsbeE, null, The Leprechaun Theatre Guild Presents: Kiss Me Kate.
Click here for more info on this year's Spring Musical: http://bit.ly/XVsbeE, Good luck today to the #11 The Plain Dealer Top 25 ranked STVM Girls Basketball Team today as they host #7 ranked Archbishop Hoban High School Lady Knights. JV will tip off at 6:00 and Varsity at 7:30. As always, this will be one great match up!, New icon www.stvm.com!
A DynaCal icon has been placed on the top of our wesbite for easier navigation! Check it out!, Showcase Meeting TONIGHT, Tuesday Feb.5th from 6pm -8pm in conference room!

74 days until Showcase!  THANK YOU for all of your hard work and support.  It is going to be a great event!, null, null, STVM junior twin sisters, Kathleen and Mary-Claire Mundy are real life ballerinas. They danced in The University of Akron Dance Institute's recent production of The Snow Maiden. Here is a photos of them along with other classmates after their performance., Good luck and God Bless to the 55 students retreaters, 9 student leaders, and faculty who will be leaving for Kairos later today for a four day intensive retreat at Loyola. Kairos is an amazing retreat experience for members of our senior class, which is hosted by our full time Campus Minister, Ken McDonald and members of our faculty.  Fall, winter, and spring sessions are offered throughout the school year.

We look forward to having them back Thursday night and will continue to pray for them during their stay at Loyola., null, Last friday, STVM Senior, Greg Rybka gave a testimony at the First Friday Luncheon. There were representatives from all area Catholic high schools who also spoke.  Thank you Greg for deilvering such an inspirational testimony.  We couldn't be more proud of you!

The First Friday Club puts up Podcasts from previous luncheons. Check it out here:http://www.firstfridayclubofgreaterakron.org/, IT WAS A WINNING WEEKEND FOR THE IRISH ACROSS THE BOARD!
Both the Boys and Girls Basketball Team both brought home a win over the weekend.  The boys defeated Buchtel Saturday night 59-42 while the girls came out with a victory Saturday afternoon 43-28 over Canton Central Catholic.

The JV Boys Bowling team came in 1st as well! Way to go boys!

Good luck tonight to the Freshmen Boys Basketball team who travel to Buchtel at 5:30.

Article on the Boys Basketball game: http://bit.ly/XF4w3N, On Friday, February 1, STVM sent two Mock Trial teams to District Competition, held at the Summit County Courthouse. In order to advance to Regional competition, each team needed to win two trials. We are very pleased and excited to report that both teams did just that! 

Our teams, Phoenix Gold and Phoenix Green, will be participating in the Regional competition to be held Friday, February 22. We are also very pleased to report that the Phoenix Gold team, consisting of Ben Nelson, Jackson Ewing, Isabella Sparhawk, RosaLia Stadler, Monica Pirie, Jane Bozsik, Mary Bozsik, and Maci Woyat, won Second Place overall, out of the 19 teams competing, and brought home a trophy! 

Additionally, six of our 16 team members won awards: RosaLia Stadler, Isabella Sparhawk, Jack Kelliher and Bryan Borodkin each won Best Attorney. Ashley Johenning and Jane Bozsik each won a Best Witness award., Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster
"Irish tradition is alive and well at STVM as the student body experienced the live concert by the professional band who came direct from Dublin, Ireland yesterday afternoon. They not only entertained us, they included some interesting history and patriotic topics. We all look forward to the faculty vs. student volleyball game later this afternoon to close out Catholic Schools Week."
-Mr. David Rathz, St. Vincent 1940 graduate, Fritz Graf, is featured in today's Akron Beacon Journal. Fritz is a former NFL field judge who worked 23 seaons in the NFL. He participated in four Super Bowls: V in 1971, VIII in 1974, XV in 1981 and XVII in 1984. Fritz has been a continuous supporter of everything STVM. His sons and himself frequent STVM events. What a great article.

http://bit.ly/WHuTI2, Congrats to the Girls Basketball Team for defeating Walsh Jesuit High School last night 65-57!  The Lady Irish improve to 12-5!  Go Irish!

Akron Beacon Journal article: http://www.ohio.com/sports/high-school/girls-basketball-st-v-m-65-walsh-57-irish-get-revenge-for-previous-loss-1.369652, Seniors take center stage with The Merry Ploughboy Irish Music Pub Dublin!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0BE2iJU3lao, Our Irish Dancers perform right along with The Merry Ploughboy Irish Music Pub Dublin this afternoon! Watch these fast feet glide to some authentic Irish music.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZDlMv3gv_g, Dublin comes to Akron!
The Merry Ploughboy Irish Music Pub Dublin traveled from Dublin, Ireland to Akron, Ohio for a private STVM concert. What an amazing Irish experience this was for our whole community!  Doesn't get much more Irish than this! Tune into YouTube for more great footage!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5d4vFGzsec, The Merry Ploughboy Irish Music Pub Dublin flew all the way from Dublin, Ireland to Akron to give STVM their own private concert for Catholic Schools Week!  They Merry Ploughboys have just arrived and are ready to rock!  Stay tuned for clips from this concert!  It is a must-see!, Attention STVM Families! You Can Promote Your Business or Company at Showcase 2013


Showcase your business or company at the 2013 STVM Showcase! Contact Kathy Holaday (kholaday@stvm.com or call 330-253-9113 x120) to learn more about advertising opportunities at the 2013 Showcase. You’re the Inspiration!
Click for more info: http://bit.ly/UGcHhC, Catholic Schools Week prayer at all school assembly: http://youtu.be/yIT9U0PdHY0

Subscribe to our YouTube page!, Just in case you have not seen this morning's Akron Beacon Journal!

Senior Wrestler, Mike Rix, has high hopes for this season- a 2nd State Title!

http://bit.ly/VvCjgk, STUDENTS: do not forget that tomorrow is SPIRIT DAY.  Wear your favorite Irish gear for $2.00 tomorrow!

All proceeds from Spirit Day will be collected for the Little Sisters of the Poor.  The Merry Ploughboys, a Dublin style band,  will be giving a whole school concert tomorrow afternoon.  We will present the proceeds from our Spirit Day to the Merry Ploughboys who will then send it off to the Little Sisters of the Poor.

Here is more on the Merry Ploughboys: http://www.merryploughboys.com/, Good luck today to the Boys & Girls Bowling Teams who will both compete at Charger Lanes at 4:05 vs. Wadsworth! Go Irish!, Pre sale tickets for this Saturday's HOME boys basketball game vs. Buchtel are on sale NOW in the STVM Bookstore.  JV tip off at 6:00 and Varsity at 7:30.

Bookstore hours:
Wednesday: 8:00-1:30
Thursday: 10:30-3:00
Friday: 8:00-1:30, Fun In Engineering News:
STVM's Fun In Engineering Club participates in Bridge Building contests all over the Akron area. Last week at The University of Akron, we finished 11th and 24th.  Bridge building competitions have many requirements. Students build bridges with the least amount of mass that can hold the most amount of mass.  The Fun In Engineering Club hopes to compete again next month at Case Western Reserve University., Thank you to Model UN for hosting our fabulous guest speaker this morning. Wycliffe Odhiambo was born and raised in Kenya. Through his rigorous childhood and strive for education, Wycliffe finally made it to the United States. Thank you Wycliffe for sharing your story and good luck in your future endeavors., null, null, MARKET DAY INFO!
Market Day in February includes FREE Garlic Toast with $40 purchase and FREE Cheese Ravioli with a $90 on-line purchase! Be sure to check out the wonderful cookies being featured and the new Spring Freequent Buyer Program! 

Stay tuned for the March Bonus Days – featuring the delicious Market Day Pies & Desserts. Order forms available on-line or in the STVM Bookstore or Campus Ministry Office. Our account number is #8191. All proceeds earned benefits the STVM Retreat Program! Thank you for your support. 

Click to view Market Day flyer: http://bit.ly/WMaDDg, Congratulations Wrestlers!
Recap from the weekend:
STVM wrestling team finished 2nd out of 30 teams at the Josh Hephner Memorial Tournament at Austintown Fitch High School.
Top 5 team scores were:

1.	Uniontown Lake HS 306.5
2.	St. Vincent-St. Mary 290
3.	Willoughby South 217
4.	Austintown Fitch 203
5.	Massillon Jackson 187.5

Individuals who placed:
120# - Garrett Carter – 3rd
126# - Mike Rix – 1st
132# - Walter Gibson – 1st
138# - Ryan Skonieczny – 1st
145# - Ben Knaus – 4th
152# - Matt Chu – 5th
182# - Aaron Adkins – 2nd
285# - Drek Brumley – 2nd

The boys will wrestle in the OHSAA State Team Dual Tournament on Wednesday at Warren Howland at 6 PM.  They will wrestle Ravenna first, then Crestwood., The Model United Nations Team will be hosting this wonderful speaker tomorrow at 10:00am!

Wycliffe Odhiambo has an incredible and uplifting story he will be telling the students at St. Vincent St. Mary tomorrow Tuesday Jan. 28 at 10:00 am. Please join us in listening to his travels from Naivasha, a horticultural town about two hours west of Kenya's Capital, Nairobi and why he came to Ohio.

He also periodically writes articles in the World News section of the John Carroll student Newspaper-- theCarroll News.
He also is the Congressional debate coach for the University School Debate team. He has participated in Business Debates on campus and panels on international relations issues within and outside John Carroll. After graduation next year, he will be working for the Accounting Firm PricewaterhouseCoopers., null, null, Happy Catholic Schools Week!

Thank you to all of our fellow Catholic universities, high schools, and grade schools for helping to raise the standards of Catholic education. This week is a direct example of that effort. Celebrate!, Congratulations to the 12 STVM students who have been selected to represent STVM at the Northeast Ohio Science and Engineering Fair(NEOSEF). 

Here is more info on NEOSEF: http://www.neosef.org/, null, Good luck this weekend to our STVM athletes!
Friday & Saturday:
Wrestling at Austintown Fitch at the Josh Hephner Memorial Tournament. Today the match begins at 4:00pm and tomorrow at 9:00am.

Saturday:
Girls Bowling away at Midway Lanes at 1:00pm vs Archbishop Hoban High School. GO IRISH!, STVM tradition of Senior Fridays! Every Friday, seniors are allowed to wear their senior apparel.  This has been a STVM tradition for some time. Whether it is a short sleeve shirt, long sleeve, or a hoodie, seniors fill the halls with their Friday uniform dedicated to this time in their life.  Here is a picture from second period study hall, notice a trend?, Attention Students! Get your Quarter Formal Tickets!
Winter “quarter-formal” Dance  

Saturday, January 26, 2013

7:30 – 10:30 pm

$7 per person

Sponsored by STVM student council

DJ and dancing

Refreshments provided, Intramural sports start this Saturday!
This session is open to all STVM juniors and seniors from 1-3 in the Cosgrove Center., STVM Accepted into SEVIS

STVM is proud to announce that our school has been approved by SEVIS (through Homeland Security) to accept foreign students. That allows us to invite Chinese students into our school next fall via the Cambridge Institute. We will plan to bring in five honors level students into the freshman class next fall. Likewise, we will accept five sophomores and five juniors. We will not admit anyone new to the senior class, though. Host families will be chosen by the school administration. 

Tamula Drumm is now officially Assistant Admissions Director for Chinese students. In that capacity, Tamula will conduct the Skype interviews to ensure the English language ability of applicants. This is an exciting opportunity to expand the cultural landscape for our students and our community! We look forward to having a lot of success with this program!, STVM Booster Club Annual Night at the Races

Join the STVM Athletic Booster Club for a Rockin'-N-Rollin' Night at the Races 

When: Saturday, February 23 in the STVM Gym 
Time: Doors open at 6:00 p.m. Post time is 7:30 p.m. 
Details: Two large full color video race screens. Music entertainment with videos and dancing. All the old cash games will be available. New games for a chance to win additional cash prizes 

Dinner Tickets: $20.00 per person (Includes food stations & all beverages). Tables of 8 available at $150.00 per table. Horse Tickets: $25.00 per horse 

RESERVE YOUR TICKET NOW! DON'T MISS OUT! 

For ticket requests and reservations contact: 
Louis Giffels via email: lgiffels@GBCDesign.com or call Jim Hillery 330.730.9025, Parent Survey in Progress

STVM PARENTS are asked to CHECK THEIR EMAIL for information regarding an STVM parent survey. Directions for accessing the online survey are contained in the email. The survey will be conducted from January 22-February 10, 2013. The survey should only take approximately 20-30 minutes to complete. This survey can be completed by mother, father or both. All of our students as well as our faculty have already completed similar surveys. 

The surveys are an important component of our accreditation process. 
St. Vincent-St. Mary is very proud to be accredited by both the Ohio Catholic School Accrediting Association and the North Central Association of Schools. To merit accreditation, member schools must be engaged in continuous improvement. During a six-year cyclical process, accredited schools profile their students and community, identify areas needing improvement, set specific goals, and work toward enhanced student performance in the targeted areas. 

We are currently midway through the six-year cycle. Our two target goals are the following: 
1) Catholic Identity Goal: Students will demonstrate their understanding of Catholic morals and values in building a faith community of respect for themselves, others, and the campus environment. 
2) Academic Goal: Students will learn and apply study skill techniques across the curriculum to improve academic performance. 

The surveys help us track progress on our goals and also provide demographic and evaluative data needed to update our student and community profile and identify areas of strength and areas that need improvement. 

We appreciate parents taking the time to complete the survey. Any questions or concerns can be directed to OCSAA/NCA Steering Co-chairs Pam Godshalk (pgodshalk@stvm.com) or Brooke Arbaugh (barbaugh@stvm.com); they can also be contacted by phone: 330-253-9113 X156., STVM students line up and bundle up to head over to St. Vincent Church for Mass at 11:00.  The cold cannot keep us away from a chance to partake in the Eucharist as a community., STVM Endowment Fund Now Offering Family & Memorial Scholarships for Current Students

The STVM Endowment Fund offers scholarships to current students through the Family & Memorial Scholarship Program. The deadline for current students to complete scholarship applications is March 1, 2013. 

Click for more info:http://bit.ly/WmzZ9N, 5th Annual STVM Baseball Casino Night
It's that time of year again! Once again, the Irish baseball program will be holding their annual Casino Night. Make sure to come out and support! Here are the details and the flyer: 

When: Saturday, January 26, 2013 
Time: 6:00-11:00 PM 
Location: Tangier 
Admission: $30 (dinner, drinks, and starter chips) 
Details: Food, drinks and fun! We will have Black Jack, Texas Hold' Em, Chuck-a-Luck, and Craps. Many great prizes to win! 

Sign up for a ticket, donate a prize(s), and sign up to volunteer in one location this year! Just click the link below: 

http://www.signupgenius.com/go/5080949A9AE2DA13-casino 

Contact Anthony Boarman (aboarman@stvm.com) if you would like to purchase tickets or if you have any questions., Attention- Want to buy Irish Family Car Raffle tickets? Did you know you can purchase car raffle tickets through our website? Just visit the link below and pay online through pay pal.  We will mail you your ticket stubs.  It is just that easy!  AND YOU COULD WIN A 2013 CHEVY CRUZE!

Please make sure to designate “Car Raffle” in the Donation Designation box: http://www.stvm.com/development/donate_online.php, WOW- 622 LIKES! We have the best supporters anyone could ask for!  Do not forget to follow us on Twitter @STVMHS.

Athletics has a Twitter: @STVMATHLETICS, Mass for Life at the Cathedral of St. John the Evangelist

Mass for Life 
22 January 2013 
7:00 pm at the Cathedral of St. John the Evangelist 
East Ninth Street & Superior Avenue NE • Cleveland OH 44114-2582 

Bishop Richard G. Lennon 
Celebrant and Homilist 

Tuesday, January 22 is the anniversary of the Roe vs Wade Supreme Court decision that legalized abortion. In the United States, it is observed as a Day of Penance for Violations to the Dignity of the Human Person. Bishop Lennon will celebrate a Mass for Life on the evening of January 22nd, at 7:00 pm at the Cathedral of St. John the Evangelist. All are encouraged to gather with the Bishop to pray that all people may grow in the love and respect of every human life. 
Free parking is available in the Cathedral Garage on the SE corner of Rockwell Avenue and East 9th Street., null, "Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase."-Martin Luther King, Jr., BREAKING NEWS:
Brianna Marchuga will be interviewed tomorrow morning at 7:10am on WAKR.  Tune in to hear all about Brianna's amazing volunteer award (see below)!

Brianna Machuga will be traveling to Washingon D.C. to receive a national award in February.   She was recently named the winner of the National Parks Service (NPS) George and Helen Hartzog Award for Outstanding Volunteer Service – Youth Award.  Considered the most prestigious of the NPS awards, it recognizes volunteers for their hard work, vast skills, and contributions that lead to development of innovative projects and volunteer involvement. 

Originally nominated by the Cuyahoga Valley National Park to compete at the regional level, Brianna was chosen to represent the Midwest region – which encompasses 57 parks.  Her nomination was then forwarded to the NPS Washington Office for consideration of the national youth volunteer award.  Upon being named the 2012 winner, Brianna said, “To receive this award is absolutely amazing.  I never dreamed I could be recognized on a national level.  For me volunteering is just something with which I grew up, and something I intend to do for the rest of my life.”, Welcome back to Akron!
The STVM Ski Club returned home last night from their annual Holiday Valle ski trip., nSTVM Ski Club hit the slopes last night!
After their final semester exam, 40 students and 5 chaperones made their way to Holiday Valley for two days of winter fun. Mr. Brownfield, the faculty advisor, was excited for the "fresh powder" in the New York forecast., Attention VM14 Parents - Alumni Association Scholarship Opportunity

If one or both parents of a VM14 student are a graduate of St. Mary, St. Vincent, or St. Vincent-St. Mary High Schools – then the VM14 student may be eligible to receive the Alumni Association Scholarship. 

Visit our website for more info!
http://bit.ly/U678J2, Good luck to the Wrestling Team this weekend!
The Wrestling Team will wrestle in the “Catholic Invitational Tournament” at Olentangy Liberty High School this weekend in Columbus on Saturday and Sunday.  Sponsored by Columbus Bishop Hartley High School, thirty Catholic High School teams from all over the state will be compete.

See the links below for more info:
http://www.baumspage.com/cit/2012/_j_Tournament Schedule.pdf (tournament schedule)

http://www.baumspage.com/cit/2012/Rosters%20Submitted.txt  (teams/rosters), Congrats to STVM Girls Basketball player, junior forward Jordan Korinek for being named this week's Akron Beacon Journal Player of the Week!

Way to go Jordan! Keep up the good work!, From all of us here at your home, STVM, CONGRATS LeBron James VM03 for being the youngest player in NBA history to reach 20,000 points.  Past, present, future, we couldn’t be more proud! 
Read more about his amazing accomplishment on USA TODAY: http://usat.ly/V7Hfrd

LeBron James Family Foundation, This is our home! Do you see any STVM apparel in this video? Thank you LeBron James Family Foundation for including us in this!  <3Akron, Congratulations to STVM senior, Robby Dambrot, who has recently committed to University of Akron to play soccer! Congrats Robby!http://www.ohio.com/blogs/varsity-letters/varsity-letters-1.279974/stvm-senior-robby-dambrot-commits-to-akron-for-soccer-1.365241, Bookstore CLOSED on Friday and Monday

Due to teacher records day on Friday, January 18 and the observance of Martin Luther King, Jr. day on Monday, January 22, the bookstore will be closed. The regular bookstore hours will resume on Tuesday, January 22., Don't forget to like the STVM Showcase page!, null, The Summit County Touchdown Club Honors 14 STVM Student-Athletes

The Summit County Touchdown Club held their annual banquet honoring fall sports all-stars on Monday January 14th at Guy’s Party Center. It was a great night for STVM student-athletes. To start the program the Touchdown Club board paid special recognition to the Fighting Irish’s two team state championships (girls cross country and boys football) in addition to recognizing Mick Iacofano as an individual cross country state champion. STVM also was awarded three athletes of the year: Mick Iacofano in boys cross country, Rachel Iacofano in girls cross country, and Dante Booker in boys football. In addition, Dan Lancianese was awarded the girls cross country coach of the year and Dan Boarman was awarded the coach of the year in football. The following student-athletes were also recognized as fall sports all-stars: 

Football 
Aaron Adkins 
Fransohn Bickley 
Dante Booker 
Clayton Uecker 
Parris Campbell 
Newman Williams 

Girls Golf 
Michelle Noethen 

Girls Cross Country 
Julia Mendiola 
Amanda Solleberger 
Marissa Rossetti 
Rachel Iacofano 

Boys Cross Country 
Mick Iacofano 

Volleyball 
Jordan Korinek 

Girls Soccer 
Leah Rauscher, IMPORTANT SCHEDULE CHANGE FOR BOYS BASKETBALL:
1/19/13-This Saturday's boys basketball game vs. Thurgood Marshall will be moved up one hour; Freshmen at 2:30 (in the Cosgrove Center), JV 4:30 (in main gym), and Varsity at 6:00 (in main gym).

Please keep in mind that the Girls Basketball Team will be home this Saturday.  JV at 1:00 (in main gym) and Varsity at 2:30 (in main gym) vs. Mayfield Heights.

Come down to STVM to support our basketball programs!  GO IRISH!, Youth College and Education Fair

This Friday, January 18 from 11:00 AM to 3:00 PM, there is a free college and education fair for all students. The fair will be held at The Job Center in Akron.

Want to learn more about this event?  Click the link to visit our school website for more info: http://bit.ly/X6XkeC, Breaking NEWS!
STVM students won awards at the Art Scholastic Competition.

Honorable Mention: Kimi Gough, Topher Esker, Josh Vellequette, Leah Tomazic, Katie Pamer, Amanda Getz, Maddie Beskitt, and Alex Schuezler.
Silver Key (art work displayed at Stark Kent Art Exhibit): Maddie Garritano, Celeste Hall, Joe Paolucci, Aaron Kofsky, Katelyn Holaday, and Mary Cistone.
Gold Key (art work displayed at Stark Kent Art Exhibit): Gia Faetanini and Joanne Lutman & Maddie Bishop both received two Gold Keys.  These Gold Key winners will have a chance to win at the National level in D.C.

Congrats and GO IRISH!, null, Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster
"During this week’s exam schedule, students have homeroom announcements and TV news during the lunch periods all three days.  Good luck to all of our students."
-Mr. David Rathz, It's time to audition for the Spring musical!
Kiss Me Kate Auditions

Acting Auditions: Wednesday, January 23 3:15pm 
Vocal Auditions: Thursday, January 24 3:15pm 
Choreography Auditions: Friday, January 25 3:15pm 
Call-Backs: TBA 

You must attend each audition in order to be cast 

Prepare a Broadway or Disney type song (NOT FROM Kiss Me Kate) 

You must be available for call-backs, Good luck to all of our students this week during exam week! Study hard!, JOIN US!, Stressed out about exams? www.howtostudy.org gives great advice on study skills, provides test taking strategies, and offers insight to organizational tools.  Thank you to our Counseling Department for this great tip!, First semester exam schedule for Tuesday-Thursday:
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=751&section=parentinfo, The Leprechaun Theatre Guild's Murder Mystery is just around the corner! This is certainly an experience of a life time! Entertainment, and a 3-Course meal are all provided.  Tickets are $15 and prepare for a night of mental twists and turns as STVM takes you through a life size game of "Clue."

Wednesday, January 30, 2013 in the Jack & Ann Haag Student Center. Night begins at 6:00pm. Reserve your ticket NOW!, Did you know?
Under the PARENTS tab on our website, you can see a working archive of all school publications to date. The Leprechaun Gold, school newspaper, The Connection, Irish Items, Annual Report, and Sports Programs are all available for viewing, most dating back to 2007. Check them all out!
http://bit.ly/WG7tix, First semester exam schedule for next week:
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=751&section=parentinfo, 5th Annual STVM Baseball Casino Night

It's that time of year again! Once again, the Irish baseball program will be holding their annual Casino Night. Make sure to come out and support! Here are the details and the flyer: 

When: Saturday, January 26, 2013 
Time: 6:00-11:00 PM 
Location: Tangier 
Admission: $30 (dinner, drinks, and starter chips) 
Details: Food, drinks and fun! We will have Black Jack, Texas Hold' Em, Chuck-a-Luck, and Craps. Many great prizes to win! 

Contact Anthony Boarman (aboarman@stvm.com) if you would like to purchase tickets or if you have any questions., Attention senior parents:
Senior Parent Financial Aid Night

Financial Aid Night 
January 22, 2013 
Located in room 256 starting at 7:00 pm 
A financial aid representative will be here to discuss the FAFSA and any college financial aid questions you might have. 

Contact Emily Knapp (eknapp@stvm.com) for any questions., So STVM community members.. what are your New Years resolutions? Write us, email us, tweet us!  We want to know!, Are you on Twitter?
FOLLOW US! Many STVM Clubs and Athletic Teams tweet and need followers.  Visit our website to find out who tweets!
http://bit.ly/WveW3V, Just in case you missed some press about our Boys Basketball team defeating Firestone last weekend!
West Side Leader:http://bit.ly/13kWKzT, Parents Club Meeting tonight!!!
7:00-8:30 in the Conference Room!, Good luck today to the Boys & Girls Bowling Teams as they compete at Turkeyfoot Lanes at 4:05.  The Irish will take on Green High School.  GO IRISH!, Today's after school events:
Football Meeting 3:00-4:00 room #256
French Club Meeting 3:00-4:00 room #346
Spring Musical Rehearsals 3:00-7:00 in Theater
Fun in Engineering 3:05-4:05
Chess Club 3:05-4:00 room #224
Boys & Girls Bowling vs. Green High School at Turkeyfoot Lanes 4:05
Mock Trial 4:30-6:30 room #256
Freshman Boys Basketball home vs. Stow HS 6:00
Parents Club Meeting 7:00-8:30 Conference Room, Brianna Machuga, STVM junior, found out today that she has received the National George Hartzog Award for Youth Volunteerism!  Brianna will be presented with her award Feb. 21st by the Secretary of the Interior, Ken Salazar, in Washington, DC.  Brianna was chosen over volunteers from every National Park Service site in the U.S.  and is the first from this region to receive the honor as a youth volunteer!  Way to go Brianna!, STVM's ACT Prep Class Being Offered for the April 13th Test
Click here to register on www.stvm.com: http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=749&section=parentinfo, Update your address and contact info! Connect with us so we can connect with you!, Come join us!, Congratulations to the Boys Basketball Team who defeated St. Ignatius yesterday 76-73 at the Play-by-Play Classic.  STVM Senior, Nick Wells was named scholastic Play-by-Play MVP!  Congrats Nick!

The Cleveland Plain Dealer has a photo gallery from the Play-by-Play Classic: http://photos.cleveland.com/plain-dealer/2013/01/st_ignatius_danny_bova_3_is_su.html, null, Check out this morning's morning announcements: http://bit.ly/UCKbfr, Today's after school events:
Spring musical rehearsals 3:00-7:00 in the Theater
LPDC meeting 3:10-4:10 in room #345
Model UN 3:10-5:00 in room #220
Mock Trial 4:30-6:30 in room #256
Freshmen Boys Basketall home vs Massillon 6:00 in Main Gym
JV Boys Basketball away @ St. Ignatius 6:00

Everyday you can check STVM events on our website, http://www.stvm.com/, under "Today's STVM Events.", Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster
"After two whole weeks of Christmas vacationing, everyone came back to school ready to finish the semester and take those exams!!!  It was great to hear the happy voices fill the halls again."
-Mr. David Rathz, null, First semester exam schedule: http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=751&section=parentinfo, Pre sale tickets are not available for the general public for tonight's boys basketball game at Firestone. STVM STUDENT-ONLY pre sale will be available today. If you need tickets, arrive early to Firestone. Please keep in mind that JV tips off at 5:30 and Varsity at 7:00 at Firestone High School.

Need an address for Firestone?
333 Rampart Avenue Akron, OH 44313, Football and Cheerleading State Championship Banquet

The banquet for the state championship football and cheerleading squads will be held on Thursday January 10th at The Tangier. All Fighting Irish fans are cordially invited to attend this celebration of the Fighting Irish state championship season. Tickets, which include dinner, are $15 and can be reserved by calling the athletic department at (330) 253-9114. The banquet will start at 6:00 PM., IRISH FOR LIFE!
LeBron James VM03 speaks highly of his alma mater, STVM, and fellow alumus, Bethune-Cookman’s point guard, Ricky Johnson VM11.  
http://www.bcuathletics.com/ViewArticle.dbml?DB_OEM_ID=23910&ATCLID=205851575, The Girls Basketball Team was all over the news during Christmas Break.  Just in case you missed it, they improved their record to 7-3 and play Firestone tonight at Firestone.  JV at 5:00 and Varsity to tip off at 7:00.  
Here are a few articles about our girls:
Victory over Garfield: http://www.ohio.com/sports/girls-basketball-st-vincent-st-mary-81-garfield-31-1.361781

Girls defeat Mansfield St. Peter's: http://www.mansfieldnewsjournal.com/article/20121221/HSSPORTS02/312210041/Irish-handle-St-Peter-s?nclick_check=1, We will see everyone tomorrow bright and early!  We hope everyone had an enjoyable and refreshing break- now its time to engage the mind and create!  See everyone tomorrow morning at 8:00am!, From all of us here at STVM, we would like to wish everyone a happy and healthy new year!  HAPPY NEW YEAR!, Just in case you missed Saturday's Akron Beacon Journal article about our boys defeating Benedictine on Friday night: http://bit.ly/ZNmjf5, St. Vincent-St. Mary graduate and soon-to-be St. Vincent-St. Mary faculty member, Meghan Bachtel VM08, chosen as commencement speaker at Marquette University. Congrats Meghan!

http://marquetteeducator.wordpress.com/2012/12/18/action-what-it-means-to-be-the-difference/, Congratulations STVM Athletic Hall of Fame Class of 2012! Watch the induction ceremony from last night's Boys Basketball game on STVM's YouTube page: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pgekfAkicKs, Last night at the Boys Basketball game vs Cleveland Benedictine High School, we unveiled 5 State Championship banners. Watch the epic unveiling on STVM's YouTube page!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ZYCX-4S2l0, S/O to the STVM community! 600 LIKES!, Join us tomorrow night!
Tomorrow night is packed full of STVM fun. The annual Booster Club Hall of Fame Induction as well as Winter Alumni & Friends Night will take place at STVM.
Here is the night's itinerary:
4:30 Freshmen Boys game vs. Benedictine
5:00 Hall of Fame Inductee pre-game reception in the LRC
6:00 JV tip off vs. Benedictine
7:30 Varsity tip off vs. Benedictine
Half time of the Varsity game- Hall of Fame Induction ceremony
Post game Winter Alumni & Friends party in the Student Center hosted by Alumni Association., Jesus is the reason for the season.  Merry Christmas from all of us here at STVM.  May the Lord continue to bless our school and all of our families during this magical time of the year., STVM Holiday Building Hours

The Holiday schedule is as follows: 

CHRISTMAS 
Offices are open from 9 to 3 on the following days during Christmas break 
Thursday December 20th 
Thursday December 27th 
Friday December 28th 

Offices are closed December 21st ,24th,25th, and 26th. 
Also closed December 31, 2012 , through January 2, 2013. 

Normal office hours resume on Thursday January 3, 2013. 

Have a safe and blessed Holiday!, Our NASA affiliated Rocket Team plan to do the unthinkable. STVM students will launch a rocket a mile high with a blimp and camera attached for the whole ride. This has never been done before. February will be their true test. Read more from the Akron Beacon Journal: http://www.ohio.com/news/education/students-launch-rockets-careers-1.359252, Congratulations to junior, Shannon Jack for being featured as this week's Akron Beacon Journal Player of the Week.  Check out Shannon's stats: http://www.ohio.com/sports/high-school/athletes-of-the-week-dec-19-1.359290, Good luck today to the Boys Bowling Team who take on Firestone High School at Turkeyfoot Lanes. STRIKE!, Congrats to STVM's Freshmen Boys Basketball team who defeated Hoban this past Monday night!  The Irish won 46-42.  Keep up the good work boys!, Good luck tonight to the Freshmen, JV, and Varsity Girls Basketball teams as they travel to Holy Name High School tonight.  The Lady Irish continue to play the area's toughest competition.  Good luck ladies!, STVM Holiday Building Hours

The Holiday schedule is as follows: 

Offices are open from 9 to 3 on the following days during Christmas break 
Thursday December 20th 
Thursday December 27th 
Friday December 28th 

Offices are closed December 21st ,24th,25th, and 26th. 
Also closed December 31, 2012 , through January 2, 2013. 

Normal office hours resume on Thursday January 3, 2013. 

Have a safe and blessed Holiday!, null, STVM Russian teacher, Jennifer Philip, would like to announce:

"I am proud to announce that STVM senior Hannah Green has been selected as an American Council of Teachers of Russian Scholar Laureate for 2012. This award recognizes Hannah as one of the top 41 Russian students in the country. Hannah was nominated by her Russian teacher, Jennifer Philip, for excellence in her study of Russian. She will receive a certificate and pin to commemorate this award, as well as recognition in a special edition of the ACTR Letter, the professional publication of Russian teachers in America. Congratulations to Hannah for her outstanding and continuing study of the Russian language.", Congrats to STVM's own Special Olympian! PJ O'Neil won 1st place in the 50 yard backstroke, 5th place in the 50 yard freestyle, and his relay team won gold at the State Special Olympics this past weekend at The Ohio State University!  Way to go PJ!
http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=748&section=parentinfo, Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster

"STVM continues to be the leader in technology education as our teachers have received their iPads.  Some 60 iPads will be in students’ hands second semester this school year in specific classroom applications.  Our 7 computer labs are still in high use on a daily basis as well."
-Mr. David Rathz, The main academic hallway on the top floor of STVM houses many Christmas gifts that will be wrapped and shipped off to multiple families in need this Christmas.  The STVM Adopt-A-Family program sponsors many families in the Akron area.  With out this program, these families would not have any presents to open this Christmas.  In the spirit of the season, it is our pleasure and our duty to help as many families as possible.  Thank you to students, faculty and staff, and friends for this extreme act of generosity., A brand new shipment of 2012 State Football Championship apparel is for Sale in the Bookstore NOW! 

Short Sleeve Tee’s - $10.00 
Long Sleeve Tee’s - $15.00 
Sweat Shirts - $20.00 

We will sell the shirts during the regular Bookstore hours, home basketball games, and the bookstore special Christmas holiday store hours., Santa is at STVM today! The annual Christmas Social is yet another success for Student Council., Our thoughts and prayers go out to all families affected by the tragic events which took place earlier today in CT.  May the Holy Spirit guide you., 2012 Football State Championship T-Shirts & Sweatshirts - SOLD OUT

The Bookstore sold out of 400 Championship tee’s and sweatshirts. Don’t worry, we re-ordered all sizes and styles for our Irish fans! We are anticipating the order to be ready for sale in the Bookstore on Monday Dec. 17. Keep checking back to www.stvm.com for more updates. 

Once the shirts are re-stocked: 

2012 State Football Championship Tee Shirts are for Sale in the Bookstore. 
Short Sleeve Tee’s - $10.00 
Long Sleeve Tee’s - $15.00 
Sweat Shirts - $20.00 
We will sell the shirts during the regular Bookstore hours, home basketball games, band cookie Sale and the bookstore special Christmas holiday store hours., Good luck tonight to the Boys Basketball team!
STVM hosts #2 ranked St. Edward High School.  JV will tip off at 6:00 and Varsity at 7:30.  Tickets sold at the door, no presale tickets available.  Adult tickets are $6.  

Come down to Maple Street to support your team!, Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster
"The NASA Rocket Team project registered another community outreach yesterday as our team gave a workshop to the St. Vincent Elementary students and they shot off rockets. Click the link below to view some video footage from this event on STVM's YouTube."

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9cWLrrzMLtI, Good luck to PJ O'Neil who will be swimming in the Special Olympics State Finals at Ohio State!  Go PJ!, This morning at our Irish Athletes for Christ meeting, students discussed the importance of "I AM SECOND". Christ is always first.
http://t.co/ln3XM4GJ, Great photos from the girls basketball game last night at Walsh Jesuit High School.  Thank you Akron Beacon Journal for your coverage! Way to fight hard ladies!

http://bit.ly/Un8JHg, 9th Annual Christmas Cookie Bake Sale

Sponsored by the Fighting Irish Marching Band 

A huge selection of delicacies - all homemade! Get your delicious holiday cookies while you support our STVM musicians! 

Saturday, December 15 
9:00 AM - 12:00 PM 

STVM Student Center 
15 N Maple St 
Akron, OH 44302, Girls High School Round Up from The Plain Dealer:
http://bit.ly/UVJ5ws, China trip informational meeting tonight in room 346 from 7:30-8:30., Friday is the last day to bring in Adopt-A-Family gifts!  Today is one day, one gift!  Join in the holiday cheer and spread it loud for all to hear., Good luck tonight to the Girls Basketball team (4-1) as they take on Walsh Jesuit High School at 7:30 at Walsh.  Head down to The Dome to see a great girls match up., Come into the STVM Bookstore and claim your 2012 Football State Champs apparel before it is all sold out.  Great Christmas gifts for your family!

Sizes and styles may vary due to high demand., Tonight's boys basketball game vs. Archbishop Hoban High School is SOLD OUT! Everyone must have a ticket to enter and NO donor keys or lifetime passes will be accepted at the door. 

JV starts at 6:00 and Varsity at 7:30., Attention students & faculty: Do not forget to wear your ugly Christmas sweaters this Friday.  Your $2 will help support STVM's Adopt-A-Family Program., ROCKET TEAM FUNDRAISER! Come eat some wings to help support our wings! 
Buffalo Wild Wings on 5050 Eastpointe Drive, Medina, OH this Wednesday, December 12.  Buffalo Wild Wings is donating a portion of their profits that day to help fund our NASA SLI team’s trip to Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, AL this April., There are approximately 100 tickets left for tomorrow's Boys Basketball game vs Archbishop Hoban High School at STVM.  Tickets are available for purchase in the STVM Bookstore today until 4pm unless tickets are sold out. Adult tickets $6 and students $4.

JV tip off at 6:00 and Varsity at 7:30.  NO TICKETS WILL BE AVAILABLE FOR PURCHASE AT THE DOOR.  THIS GAME IS PRESALE ONLY!, The STVM Boys basketball team help pack food boxes at The Salvation Army on 12/8/12 before their game at Struthers. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=11vy0U2Qm9k, null, null, STVM Math Students Excel at the Continental Mathematics League Contest
http://bit.ly/SLjUuO, The winter sports season has started and our basketball teams have made the headlines.  Our boys basketball team (1-2) have already played out of state teams and our girls team improved to 4-1 over the weekend.
Click below to read more:
Boys deafeat University HS (Ill.): http://bit.ly/QSnkNM
Boys thriller with Cleveland Central Catholic: http://bit.ly/12h1bLN
Girls Schedule: http://bit.ly/12h1fes
Boys Schedule: http://bit.ly/RkVVWk, All members of the 2012 Girls Cross Country State Championship Team earned Academic All-Ohio recognition as a result their outstanding work in the classroom achieving a GPA of 3.5 or higher.  The members of both the 2011 STVM Girls State Champion and Boys State Runner-up Teams were the first in OHSAA history to achieve this honor last year.  Having all members of two consecutive State Champion teams rank at this level of academic excellence places St. Vincent - St. Mary High School in the State of Ohio record books.  Congratulations to our runners who are champions on and off the field!, Booster Club Christmas Party tonight at 6pm in the Wentz Room (Green Street Stadium). Come down for some holiday cheer!, STVM Band Students Selected to Play at the Ohio Band of Directors Conference

Members of the St. Vincent–St. Mary High School band performed this past weekend at the Ohio Band Directors Conference at the University of Akron. Erica Wolf, Alex Angle and Julianne Stamer were selected to perform in the Honor Band under the direction of Paula A. Crider, who is Professor Emerita at the University of Texas. The members of the band are selected by an audition process. The Honor Band is comprised of students from all over Ohio., Good luck today to Coach Gary and our wrestlers as they travel to the Iron Man to compete.  GO Irish!, Attention STVM Parents – It's Time for Teacher Appreciation Gifts!

Please remember to send in your appreciation gift valued at $20-$25 by Friday, December 14th. Parents’ Club is pleased to sponsor the annual teacher appreciation event and your gift will make the celebration so much more enjoyable! 

The STVM Parents’ Club will host their Annual “Faculty/Staff Appreciation” in December. This is a great time of the year to show the STVM Faculty and Staff our appreciation! We are inviting Parents to donate a gift or make a monetary donation towards the gifts for our Faculty, Staff and Administrators. 

We are asking that each family please send one (1) wrapped gift or gift card (valued at $20-$25) to STVM. We graciously accept any donation that you can make! 

Please drop off your “Faculty/Staff Appreciation Gift” at the Front Office (flagpole entrance) by Friday, December 14, 2012. 

Questions? Please contact Teacher Appreciation Team: Suzy Benson via email at sdulaney@kent.edu, Winter Sports Picture Infomation
Schedule 
Thursday, December 13, 2012 
Location: Main Gym 
(To ensure that the photo session runs smoothly, please arrive 5 minutes early!) 
3:10 …Gymnastics 
3:25 …Athletic Trainers 
3:30 …Boys Basketball 
3:45 …Wrestling

For more info about attire; http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=736&section=parentinfo, null, The STVM SIGN LANGUAGE TEAM dazzled the crowd with their renditions of Christmas Shoes and Light a Candle during our 2012 Christmas Concert on Tuesday.  The Concert featured our Concert Choir, Symphonic Choir, Senior Girls, Liturgical Choir, Women’s Ensemble, Men’s Ensemble, Sign Team, and Show Choir. Each group invoked true Christmas spirit before a packed house.  This photo illustrates the power of sign., Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster
"The Christmas choirs gave the best performance in years and deserve all the congratulations they are receiving today.  It was seasonal music and fun for the packed house.

Kudos also on the debut of our newest choir, the “sign language” team."
-Mr. David Rathz, The first Sunday of Advent has passed and the Christmas season is upon us.  As you look for spiritual enrichment this Advent season, we invite you to join our students and faculty for mass every Wednesday at 11:00 a.m. at St. Vincent Church. This weekly mass schedule will continue throughout the school year and we welcome parents, alumni and friends to join us as we celebrate the Eucharist together., LeBron James, VM03, named Sportsman of the Year!

LeBron James was named Sports Illustrated Man of the Year. What a fitting culmination to an amazing year: LeBron was named NBA MVP, a member of the 2012 Miami Heat NBA Championship team, an Olympic Gold Medalist, and now well-deserved Sportsman of the Year. LeBron, we are so proud of you and thankful for everything you do for the STVM community and the Akron community at large. We wish you health and happiness during this holiday season. See you soon! LeBron James Family Foundation
http://bit.ly/THu7XO, Important ticket info regarding STVM vs Archbishop Hoban High School boys basketball game next week, 12/11/12 at STVM.

Presale tickets open to public today from 12-4 on a first come first serve basis.  Tickets in bookstore.

http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=740&section=parentinfo, null, null, Thank you Archbishop Hoban High School for the cookies!  Your sportsmanship does not go unnoticed!  We will see you at STVM next week for the highly anticipated boys basketball game on 12/11/12!  See you there. Thank you again, Ornament decorating., Holiday cheer is in the air!  This morning, the seniors all gathered for some breakfast and ornament decorating.  Every year, Senior Breakfast, is a time for seniors to share with their classmates while decorating the senior tree.  Every senior gets to decorate an ornament and the tree will stand in the Student Center till the new year!, null, Tomorrow night at 7:00pm in the STVM Theater, the annual Christmas Choir Concert will be taking place!  Come hear our choirs as they spread the Christmas cheer with wonderful ballads and harmonies!, We did it!
#newmannation
http://bit.ly/TBxXFf, 3-2-1..... WE ARE STATE CHAMPIONS!

What a great moment captured of our students and community sharing in this great victory!  GO IRISH!
http://youtu.be/grLiS5RkNcc, We take the podium; http://youtu.be/qSAMSBHwZKw, With all this football excitement, we cannot forget about our Boys and Girls Basketball teams!  The boys traveled to Chicago for the weekend, they defeated Illinois' University High School 68-65!  Great job boys!

The girls will take on Mentor Lake Catholic tonight at HOME.  JV tip off at 6:00 & Varisty at 7:30- continue the STVM buzz!, WE DID IT, WE DID IT!  STVM Football wins the Division III State Championship!  Thank you fans for all your support!  Thank you coaches for all your time and thank you players- STVM is always a happy place but today, we will smile wider and cheer louder!  We did it!, See you at the game! Kick off at 11am!  After the game, come down to Green Street Stadium and welcome our players and coaches home!  GO IRISH!

Please remember, this game will be televised on SportsTime Ohio.  Please keep in mind, that you are constantly representing our school., Whenever a STVM team (academic or athletic) goes to State, each team member receives a Shillelagh award.  He is some footage of the boys receiving theirs and Coach Boarman addressing the crowd; http://youtu.be/cIg7otP_wwc, What a rally we had yesterday!  The Class of 1988 Football State Champions came back to give some words of wisdom to our players!  We haven't won a State championship in football since 1988!  these guys are a true inspiration; http://youtu.be/WliQyS82qyU, Irish Pride!, null, "This isn't just about us, this is about every football who has ever dressed in this locker room, who dreamed about getting a State Championship, this is theirs!"

Coach Boarman addressing our players last night after practice.
http://youtu.be/4DzOURQx5q0, STVM football coach Dan Boarman has a strong connection with another STVM football great.  Coach John Cistone has been a major influence for Coach Boarman.  Not only did he play for him, he coached with him, and now he uses an office which was for so many years, Coach Cistone's.  We are so lucky to have Dan!http://bit.ly/TvWFDM, The spirit gear is on, inspirational music has been playing during the swtiching of every period, decorations are out, a rally has been set, and green football jerseys can be seen all over school!  Not only does our football compete, but so does the entire STVM communtiy.  Tomorrow the boys of fall will roll to the OHSAA State Championship title game.  This is one giant feat for our whole community.  GO BOYS GO!, St. Vincent St. Mary “diplomats” brought home top awards at the 2012 CCWA Model United conference.
The Model United Nations team competed in the Lorain Community College Model United Nations Conference hosted by the Cleveland Council on World Affairs Wednesday November 28th & 29th. There were over 350 high school students from all over Northeastern Ohio competing at this conference. The Model United Nations team sent 12 delegates making 6 delegations. Nicholas Neill, Greg Rybka, and Aaron Kofsky all received the Gavel, which is given to the top delegate in each committee and also considered the highest honor a single delegate can receive., With one State Track & Field title under his belt, STVM junior, Parris Campbell, Jr. is no stranger to speed!  Parris has kicked it into high gear during this playoff run.  Read more about Parris in today's Akron Beacon Journal; http://bit.ly/V86Y0a, The Fighting Irish are headed to the Championship game! The last time the STVM Fighting Irish were in this position, was Friday, December 2, 1988 when your Fighting Irish defeated Ironton 14 to 12 to be named State Champions!   WERE YOU AT THAT GAME?  DID YOU PLAY IN THAT GAME?  WE’RE LOOKING FOR STVM ALMUMAE WHO WERE THERE!  Let us know!

Comment or email us at : stvmnews@stvm.com, Senior football player, Joey Weber, is STVM's own "Jack of all trades".  He does it all on the football field, not to mention is an Honors student! Here he is featured in the Akron Beacon Journal; http://bit.ly/WwPBav, Whatever happened to STVM football stand out, Frank Stams?  Well we see him all the time, but just in case you don't, The Plain Dealer does; http://bit.ly/RkXsv9, Great post on the alumni page!  , The holiday spirit is in the air at STVM!  Faculty members are picking Secret Santas and Ms. Godshalk and Mrs. Wood have decked the halls of the LRC with lights, snow, trees, ornaments, Santas, and more!  Thanks ladies for bringing the holidays home to STVM!, Wow- 514 likes!  Spread the word!  We need more.  GO IRISH!, null, Yesterday, our Rocket Team traveled to St. Francis De Sales Grade School on their day off to make rockets with 6th, 7th, and 8th graders. The kids had a blast - no pun intended., Great article featuring our football team; http://www.ohio.com/sports/high-school/st-vincent-st-mary-braces-for-another-prolific-quarterback-bellevue-s-jalen-santoro-1.353188, Important ticket info for the football State Championship!

OHSAA Division III State Football Championship STVM Fighting Irish vs Bellevue Saturday December 1, 11am Canton Fawcett Stadium

All tickets to Saturday's championship game are reserved seats. All pre-sale tickets are $8 and all tickets at the game are $10. The school does keep a portion of pre-sale tickets sold so please support the school and save $2 by purchasing your tickets in advance.

Tickets will be sold daily, starting Monday, from 9am-4pm all week in the STVM student bookstore. Fan guides, directions, and other information will also be available in the bookstore.

More game updates will be available throughout the week, but for now early weather reports are calling for temperatures approaching 50 degrees and clear skies, so it will be a perfect day in Canton to come out and support the Irish!, See everyone at school on Tuesday!  Enjoy your last two days of Thanksgiving break!  We have so much to be thankful for!, The pictures just keep on coming!  Another great album from WKYC/USA Today High School Sports; http://t.co/RdBEKkXU, Click below to see post game celebration from our football team, marching band, and student section singing STVM's alma mater after our State Semi Final 48-13 victory over Dover; http://youtu.be/Qx_3j1x62AE

GO IRISH!, Another athletic update:
Girls basketball: JV victory over Solon 58-23
Varsity defeated 59-51

Both were well fought contests.  21 more games- keep grinding ladies!, null, We are off to State!  Congratulations to our football team for advancing to the OHSAA State Final game next weekend!  Well deserved win and much overdue visit back to the Final game!  Way to go boys!

More info on tickets, directions; etc to come; stay tuned!, Shout out to Haydn Whitmyer for being our 500th LIKE! GO IRISH!Thanks for all the support!!, Good luck today to the Girls Basketball team as they open their season at home at 12:00 and 1:30!  

AND- of course, the football team!!Release the Wolfpack!  GO IRISH, We need 2 more likes to hit 500!  Who will be lucky #500?, Yes, we are the Irish- but we also have a Wolfpack!

Click here to read about our Wolfpack- they sure are something to see! http://highschoolsports.cleveland.com/news/article/-7264232373607531001/svsms-wolf-pack-wreaking-havoc/ …, Saturday is one great day to be IRISH!
The Girl's Basketball Team opens their season TOMORROW!  Before the football game, come down to STVM to watch the girls home opener vs the Solon Comets!

JV start time is 12:00 and Varsity will tip off at 1:30!  GO IRISH!  What a great day to be Irish!, See you at the football game tomorrow!  We are moving straight to State!  Come down to Massillon Paul Brown Tiger Stadium to watch the Irish take on Dover for the OHSAA State Semis!  Kickoff at 7pm!  GO IRISH!, Shout out to all of The Leprechaun Theatre Guild's seniors! You all did it again and put on a magical performance last week!  Congrats!, All of us here at STVM hope that everyone had a memorable Thanksgiving! We have so much to be thankful for!  Thank you to the community for your constant support!, Due to the Thanksgiving holiday here is the schedule for pre-sale football tickets:

Tuesday: 8am-8pm (STVM Student Bookstore)

Wednesday: 11am – 1pm (Akron Family Restaurant, 250 West Market Street)

Thursday: 10am - 12pm (Green Street Stadium)

Friday: 11am – 1pm (STVM High School Front Office)

Please support the STVM Athletic Department by purchasing your tickets in advance! Go Irish, Pre sale OHSAA football State Semi Final tickets for this Saturday at Massillon Paul Brown Tiger Stadium are on sale today in the Bookstore.  Tickets are $8 and only available until 4pm today!, Rathz and Raves:
A Message from our Headmaster
"National Honor Society gained 70 new members last evening.  Those terrific STVM students have shown achievement at the very highest level in scholarship, leadership, service, and character.  We honor them, and we “give thanks” today for our entire wonderful student body."
-Mr. David Rathz, National Honor Society would also like to thank the STVM community for their support of the annual “Books for the Bahamas” children’s book drive.  Over 3,000 books and $1050 was donated through the homeroom competition.  The books and funds will help stock elementary school libraries in impoverished areas of the Bahamas., NHS Induction Highlights!
Guest speaker, Aaron Brown VM97 (pictured in center), gave a very motivational speech to all 70 new NHS members and our existing members.  Here are the highlights:

The St. Vincent-St. Mary High School chapter of the National Honor Society inducted 70 new members last night.  A faculty council selected these students based on their accumulative point averages (a minimum 3.5) and faculty evaluations of their character, leadership, and service to the school and community. These new members joined the 51 current members. Chapter officers including President Bennett Nelson, Vice-president Gregory Rybka, Secretary Thomas Paolucci, and Treasurer Meredith Cabe conducted the traditional candle lighting ceremony that emphasized the ideals of NHS. Guest speaker for the Induction Ceremony was Mr. Aaron Brown, member of the St. Vincent-St. Mary Class of 1997, and a senior vice-president at Fahlgren Mortine, one of the nation’s largest independent marketing and communications agencies headquartered in Columbus, Ohio.  Parents Club provides the funds for the pins that new members received from Headmaster David Rathz.  Following the induction ceremony, the veteran members hosted a reception for the new inductees and their families.  The chapter advisor is Ms. Pam Godshalk., null, Holiday Office Hours:
The building/offices will be closed Wednesday November 21st- Monday November 26th. Normal office hours will resume Tuesday, November 27, 2012. Thank you for your cooperation., Hey Irish fans...what are you thankful for?  Let us know/comment under this status!

We sure are thankful for you!, IMPORTANT INFO REGARDING THE FOOTBALL STATE SEMI FINALS!
Our football team has advanced to the OHSAA State Semi Final game.  The location has been moved to Massilon Paul Brown Tiger Stadium!

Kick off is this Saturday, November 24, 2012 at 7pm!  We will be taking on the Dover High School Tornadoes!  Release the wolf pack!

Additional pre sale ticket info to come!, National Honors Society Induction of new members is tonight!  7:00pm in the theater, fresh top honor students will be inducted into the elite NHS.  Congratulations to the students being inducted, what a great honor!, null, The STVM football team has made a memorable run in the OHSAA playoffs!  Here are just a few of the many picture perfect moments from last week's win over Hubbard!  Tomorrow, 11/17/12, they take on the Chagrin Falls Tigers at Solon HS at 7pm!  GO IRISH- let the ride continue!, Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster
"Shakespeare lives at STVM, in a production that I personally believe compares to the quality I have seen at Baldwin Wallace, Hiram, and Dennison universities.  Congrats to Mr. Neary and the outstanding cast and crew!"
Mr. David Rathz, Opening night at STVM.  Come check a showing of "As You Like It" Friday-Sunday., Pre sale tickets for this Saturday's Regional Final Football game vs. Chagrin Falls at Solon HS are on sale today and tomorrow from 9-3 in the Athletic Office.  Pre sale tickets are $7.  STVM will only be accepting cash or check for purchased pre sale tickets, we apologize for any inconvenience., STVM welcomed eight Catholic elementary school principals and two pastors to our annual Pastors’ & Principals’ Breakfast this morning, whic is held in our state-of-the-art Center for Science and Technology!  This annual event is our way of thanking pastors and principals during this season of thanksgiving for their dedication to Catholic education!

Be your best; Be Irish!, Upcoming Showcase events: 
Nov. 14 6:00-7:00 PM – Solicitation Meeting and Workout, 
Nov. 27, 6:00-7:00 PM - Workout 

Any questions please contact Jan Giles at jgiles@stvm.com or     (330) 253-9113 ext. 114, Thank You to STVM - 26 Pies Donated to the Peter Maurin Center!

Thank you to EVERYONE for purchasing Market Day Pies! We were able to donate 26 Pies to the Catholic Worker of Akron Peter Maurin Center. The Peter Maurin Center, opened in 2006 at 1096 S. Main Street in Downtown Akron and is operated by the Catholic Worker organization. It is a place where people can come to share a meal and find caring people. Thank you for helping to make the holidays a little more special for the people that share a meal at the Maurin Center!, Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster
"STVM continues to lead the way in recycling efforts.  Join us in our efforts to reuse and reduce waste.  Thank you to Environmental Club who sponsors our school-wide efforts."
-David Rathz, null, Thursday is the last day to turn in your nonperishable food items!

Every year, STVM participates in a canned food drive, hosted by Peer Ministry.  We collect thousands of nonperishable food items and donate them!  Help the cause and donate!  You have until Thursday!, Congratulations to our football team for deafeating Hubbard and advancing to the OHSAA Regional Final game next Saturday!

Senior QB, Clatyon Uecker, broke the school record for passing as he hooked up with Fresh Bickley and Jordan Hargrove, along with other Irish receivers, for 317 yards! Previously in the season, senior receiver, Jordan Hargrove broke LeBron James record for receptions at STVM.  

We will take on Chagrin Falls next Saturday at Solon High School.  Tickets will go on sale this Wednesday in the Athletic Office. 

Here are more pictures and details about the game from the Akron Beacon Journal; http://bit.ly/SWNw94, The Leprechaun Theatre Guild presents, "As You Like It."  This Shakespearian comedy is a must see!  Tickets are $10 and opening night is this Thursday! Click on the link below to learn more about our Fall production and meet the cast; http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=726&section=parentinfo, STVM Bookstore Hours Will Be Shortened from November 12-16

The Bookstore will be closed most of the days during the week of November 12- November 16. Hours for that week will be Tuesday and Thursday from 11:00 AM-1:00 PM. Regular hours will resume on November 19. November 20 the Bookstore will be open from 8:30-9:00pm for Report Card Conferences. Tickets for Sporting Events will be sold in the Athletic Office. Cash or Check only. We are sorry for any inconvenience., .St. Vincent-St. Mary High School is hosting the OHSAA Division VI Regional Semi-Final between the Malvern Hornets (10-1, ranked #2 in the State) vs the Youngstown Christian Eagles (8-2). The game will be played at 7:30pm tonight. This is an OHSAA football playoff game so NO PASSES will be accepted. All tickets are $9 at the gate. Come out to see a great Division VI matchup and to support Ohio high school football., Pre-sale football tickets for tomorrow night's playoff match up vs. Hubbard at Austintown Fitch HS are still available in the bookstore until 4:00 today.  Come down and support the Irish!, null, Showcase "Workout" Wednesday!

Please plan on attending a Showcase “Workout” on Wednesday, November 7 from 6:00 PM to 7:00 PM in the LRC. This gathering will be a working meeting to stuff solicitation and advertising packets. All are welcome - you don’t have to sign up to attend. Come enjoy some time with other parents – work, chat, and catch up on Showcase. 

Other upcoming Showcase events: 
Nov. 7, 7:00-8:00 PM – Advertising Meeting. 
Nov. 14 6:00-7:00 PM – Solicitation Meeting and Workout, 
Nov. 27, 6:00-7:00 PM - Workout 

Any questions please contact Jan Giles at jgiles@stvm.com or  (330)253-9113 ext. 114, null, Follow us on Twitter @STVMHS ! We are trying to reach 1000 followers by Friday!, Every year, STVM students get to interact with local professionals on campus at STVM. 55 mentors, alums or not, came to STVM this morning to help spark an interest for over 300 junior and senior students as they begin to fill out college applications and figure out what they "want to be when they grow up."  Thank you to all of the professionals who came to support our students at this critical point in their young adult life.  Professions represented are; engineering, education, healthcare, safety services, fashion, business, marketing, PR, graphic design, finance, law, fine arts, journalism, culinary, social work, library services, dentistry, veterinary and trade., Important T.R.I.P. Holiday News!

Be sure to act NOW to take advantage of earned rebate savings on all of your Black Friday and Cyber Monday shopping needs through the Parents' Club T.R.I.P. program. Please note the important deadline for submitting T.R.I.P orders is this Wednesday, 11/07/12, so that your gift cards are available for pick up on 11/14/12 (the last T.R.I.P. order fulfillment date before our Thanksgiving break). 

Please don't delay as there is no flexibility with the 11/07/12 order deadline date! There are also some limited-time specials on a few merchants that will earn you a higher rebate percentage (see the T.R.I.P. Newsletter on the Parents' Club website). 

Keep accumulating your earned rebates through T.R.I.P. and pay yourself back for all of your Holiday (and everyday) shopping needs. Visit the Parents' Club website for the latest order form and newsletter information., For all of your football playoff needs, visit our website for info on directions, ticket info, etc!

http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=723&section=parentinfo, Have you seen our buses around?, Student ONLY fan bus is available for this Saturday's football playoff game vs. Hubbard at Austintown Fitch High School.  The cost is $15 which covers the bus fare and your game ticket!  We need atleast 25 students to sign up.  

SIGN UP IN THE BOOKSTORE!, What a weekend the Irish had! One Cross Country State title, a 6th place Cross Country finish, and our football team advances!  Click on a link to catch up on some local Irish news:

Girls XC wins 4th consecutive state title: http://bit.ly/PRrlmm
http://bit.ly/Yvnpsn

Football team advances in Playoffs: http://bit.ly/TFv717

Boys XC places 6th at State, Mick Iacofano takes 1st in individual: http://bit.ly/UczcMo, Girls XC wins their 4th consecutive State title!! Congrats to freshman Iacofano finishing 2nd, Rossetti finishing 9th & Mendiola 14th! Go Irish, we are so proud!!!, Breaking news! Mick Iacofano finishes 1st at XC State!!!! Boys XC finishes 6th overall at the DII State XC tournament! Great job boys! Congrats Mick!, The STVM boys finish 6th overall as a team at today's OHSAA Div. II Cross Country State Championship, with 123 points., null, null, null, Cross Country Girls look to four-peat at State tomorrow.  Click here to read more from the Akron Beacon Journal: http://bit.ly/RwhmkG, Run like the wind Cross Country! We sent off our Boys and Girls Cross Country teams to Columbus this morning! The girls are competing for their 4th consecutive Ohio High School Athletic Association State title. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eRpN4B3wlR8, Great article!

http://bit.ly/SfA8Ky, Today is a Catholic Day of Obligation.  We will be celebrating all school mass as well as installing our brand new student Eucharistic Ministers., Another dose of some Halloween FUN!, Great costumes are spotted during the junior and senior lunch!, Important info regrading Football playoffs and Cross Country State is posted on our website.  Follow the link for ticket info, directions, etc; http://bit.ly/TU039Z, Happy Halloween from all of us here at STVM!, ATTENTION ALL STAFF & STUDENTS: SCHOOL TOMORROW (10/30/12) HAS BEEN CANCELLED.  Please stay safe during this weather we are experiencing., A BIG CONGRATULATIONS to our boys and girls Cross Country teams for their amazing performance over the weekend!  The girls finished 1st in Regionals and the boys in 4th! Both teams will compete in the OHSAA State Tournament this weekend! More details to come!

The football team beat Younstown Ursuline on Friday.  This must needed win automatically qualified us for the playoffs!

GO IRISH, STVM may be the busiest place on Earth!  To stay up to date, keep your eye on the morning announcements; http://www.stvm.com/files/pdf/calendars/morning_announcements.pdf, National Mix It Up Day is October 30th

National Mix It Up Day was launched by a project of the Southern Law Center called “Teaching Tolerance”. This program encourages students to identify, question and cross social boundaries. On October 30th our students will be assigned to sit at a different lunch table in hopes to bring down barriers within our school and encourage our students to make even more friends here at STVM. Maureen Costello, director of Teaching Tolerance, stated, “In some schools, cliques are socioeconomic, while in others they are ethnic or religious. By giving students a way to mix with other students, self-imposed social barriers can be broken down and bullying can be curbed.” For more information about this program go to: http://www.tolerance.org/.

“The second is this: 'Love your neighbor as yourself.' There is no commandment greater than these." Mark 12:31, Girls Cross Country lead the pack early in the Regional Meet at Tiffin.  Bring it home ladies!, 448 likes! Thank you!, STVM is all over this week's news!  Athletics and Rocket Team are in the headlines as fall sports come to a close.  Click to read:

Volleyball finishes their successful season falling to Tallmadge last night in the District Final: http://bit.ly/P82wB6



STVM SENIOR QB, Clayton Uecker, is showing promise: http://bit.ly/RnfGs0

STVM Junior linebacker, Danter Booker, is featured on "Offered": http://es.pn/RnfNE2

STVM football dynamic duo, Bickley and Hargrove, are talked about: http://es.pn/Y2Sdzy

Girls Cross Country takes first place with STVM runners finishing in 1st-4th place, snagging 17 points at the OHSAA districts: http://bit.ly/XsVgSe

The Plain Dealer Football Insider: http://bit.ly/TK4Hr6

NASA affiliated Rocket Team: http://bit.ly/S0bsp5, Make wise choices!  It is Red Ribbon week hosted by STVM's SADD program!, Tomorrow night our football team will take on Younstown Ursuline High School at 7pm at Green Street Stadium for our last regular season game!

Tomorrow night we will also be honoring all of our fall sport senior athletes.  Please arrive at 6:30 to thank these seniors for their 4 years of service to their fall sport.  We will be celebrating seniors from the following sports:
Football
Cheerleading
Irish Dance
Marching Band
Boys Tennis
Girls Tennis
Boys Golf
Girls Golf, This is a message from the St. Vincent-St. Mary High School Volleyball Team:  Come Cheer on the Lady Irish Volleyball Team to a District Championship Tonight!!!!

Tonight, Thursday Oct. 25 at 7:00pm
STVM vs Tallmadge HS at Tallmadge High School

Address: 140 North Munroe Road, Tallmadge, OH 44278, Be your Best...Be Irish!
 Come and check out the place where a NASA affliated Rocket Team builds national qualifying rockets, the place where top Ohio Science Fair students create projects that are state best, the place where students excel in SMARTboard equipped classrooms, the place where the state's best artists, actors, musicians, and singers take the stage, and the place where you are guaranteed the BEST Catholic education in northeast Ohio.

Come to our Open House  tomorrow night (Thursday) from 6:30pm-8:00pm at 15 North Maple Street and take a tour of the place where YOU can be your best!

Be your Best...Be Irish!, It is not too late to RSVP for this Saturday's 40th anniversary party!
We will be honoring 8 teachers for their loyal service of teaching at STVM for more than 30 years! Seven of the teachers include:
Merrylou Windhorst, Pam Godshalk, MaryJo Chionchio, Grace Gorman, LuAnne Richardson, Maureen Harrigal, & Debbie Patonai., Boys Soccer competes in the OHSAA District Semi Final game tonight at Revere High School tonight.  They take on Revere High School at 7pm!  Let's go boys!, Mary Bozsik was once on the fast track to be a nun, now she is on the fastest Girls Cross Country team in the State., STVM.  Want to read more?

http://bit.ly/TwXEYJ, Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster
"Our NASA Student Launch Team has set up their website which is being linked to our school website yesterday.  Congratulations again ladies and gentlemen.  It REALLY IS rocket science !!!!!"
-Mr. David Rathz, Boys Soccer and Girls Volleyball are still in the fall OHSAA tournaments:

Girls Volleyball plays tonight at Tallmadge tonight at 5:30

Boys Soccer at 7:00 at Revere HS vs Revere HS

GO IRISH, In their October letter announcing the 2013 tournament, Ohio Council of Teachers of Mathematics shared the results of the 2012 State Tournament of Mathematics.  Congratulations are in order:

1. Athens High School
2. Orange
3. Carroll
4. Lexington
5. Celina
6. Shawnee
7. Notre Dame-Cathedral Latin
8. ST. VINCENT-ST. MARY
9. Memorial
10. Benjamin Logan
11. Perkins
12. River Valley
13. Archbishop Hoban
14. Jonathan Alder
15. Canton South, null, null, null, Add another feather in our Irish cap.  Congratulations to our lady Irish volleyball team on their win in their OHSAA sectional final today.  Irish defeated Springfield 3-0.  Great job ladies!, Congratulations to our Irish Cross Country teams.  At today's OHSAA District Cross Country tournament Irish Boys came in 3rd place and the Irish Girls came in 1st!  Off to Tiffin next week.  Irish Pride!, STVM Irish Boys Soccer wins on the pitch.  Final score at the OHSAA Sectional Final 2-0. Irish win over Field.  Way to go boys!, STVM Rocket Team Coach, Mr. Bob Engels was interviewed this week about our newly affiliated NASA Rocket Program.  Follow the link to listen/watch the interview from 1590 WAKR; http://bit.ly/QwxdxQ, Thank you to a freshman football mom for sending us these great snapshots of our freshman football team.  Keep us posted by sending us pictures or stories to stvmnews@stvm.com or by sharing them to our wall!  Go Irish!, Do not forget to VOTE for your favorite teacher, coach, principal, secretary, mascot, football field, gymnasium, booster club, etc for the Akron Beacon Journal Spirit Contest! Click here to vote, and when you vote- make it STVM; http://bb.ohio.com/spirit/, .STVM is all over the news this week! Click on any link to read about the buzz:
STVM Football takes on Massillon tomorrow night at Massillon:http://bit.ly/WEnWHu

STVM Rocket Team joins NASA: http://bit.ly/R2P7rw

STVM Boys Soccer deafeats Woodridge in the OHSAA Tournament: http://bit.ly/TxXASP, Congratulations to our Volleyball team for their victory over North High School last night in the OHSAA Tournament! GO IRISH!, null, Thank you to Jim Tressel for stopping by the Irish Athletes for Christ meeting this morning. God smiled on all of us today.  We are truly so blessed., In the OHSAA Sectional Semi-Final STVM boys soccer defeated Woodridge last night wiht a final score of 2-0. Woodridge's record this year was 14-2 with both losses delivered by our Fighting Irish!!
Follow the action on the pitch through OHSAA.


http://www.ohsaa.org/sports/so/boys/default.asp, STVM boys soccer team takes on Woodridge tonight for the OHSAA Sectional Semi-Final game tonight! Kick-off is 7pm at Woodridge High School.  GO IRISH!, CONGRATULATIONS to our girls soccer team! Last night, our girls beat Chagrin Falls in the OHSAA sectional-semi at Green Street Stadium!  We won 6-5 in penalty kicks!  Girls advance to the sectional final game on Thursday vs. Aurora at 7pm. GO IRISH!

Here is what the Akron Beacon Journal has to say: http://t.co/lfoBd17A, Tomorrow morning at 7:10, STVM teacher and Rocket Team coach, Mr. Bob Engels will be interviewed by 1590 WAKR.  Tune in for this interview!, Irish Athletics!
Pre-sale tickets for Friday's football game vs. Massillon are on sale now in the STVM bookstore! Adults are $8 and students are $3.  Come and get them!

Girls soccer playoff game game is tonight!  Come down to Green Street Stadium and support the Lady Irish as they take on Chagrin Falls in the OHSAA sectional semi-final at 7pm.  Please note:  this is a playoff game and no passes or society keys will be accepted for free admittance., The Leprechaun Theatre Guild has started production for the fall.  They have updated their bulletin board outside of the theater., Varsity Soccer Update


The STVM boys varsity soccer team prepare to take the field last night against Alliance.  The match ended in a 0-0 tie.  The STVM defense has not given up a goal in 5 of the past 7 games.  STVM takes on Woodridge in the first round of the playoffs next Tuesday at 7pm at Woodridge.  Woodridge’s ONLY loss this year came against the Fighting Irish!, Twelve students from St. Vincent–St. Mary High School (STVM) are getting the chance to do real rocket science for NASA.  NASA has accepted a proposal from these students to design and construct a rocket-deployed airship that will serve as a modular sensor platform.  Most of the teams in NASA’s SLP are at the university level, but STVM is one of 20 high school teams from across the country selected to compete in this prestigious competition. Irish Pride!, null, Irish athletics today: 
Change - 4:30 pm – Freshman football home against Barberton

5:30 & 6:30pm – JV & Varsity volleyball home against Our Lady of the Elms. 
VB Senior Night festivities will begin after the JV Match and before the Varsity. Please come out and show your support.

7:00pm – Varsity boys soccer away against Alliance. Go Irish!, Campus Ministry and Mr. Salvatore are sponsoring a Nature Retreat and Hike on October 20th at the Virginia Kendall Ledges from 1:00 – 4:30. This retreat is open to all grade levels, faculty, and staff.
The cost is free and space is limited. See Mr. Salvatore for details., National Honor Society’s Books for the Bahamas Project ends tomorrow! We have a total of 2283 books donated so far. Thanks so much to everyone who has contributed. In the homeroom competition, here are the standings. Leading the freshman homerooms is Ms. Howard’s with 190 books; leading the sophomore homerooms is Mr. Lancianese’s with 93 books. Leading the junior homerooms is Mrs. Price’s with 98 books. Leading the senior homerooms is Mrs. Anderson’s with 213 books. Leading the special homerooms is Mrs. Arbaugh’s with 222 books, only five ahead of Mr. McDonald’s Student Council homeroom. The competition is heating up. Check your closets, attics, basements, under the bed to see if there is a gently used book or two you could donate. Cash donations are also accepted with each quarter counting as one book. The homeroom in each class which donates the most books, with a minimum of 100 books, will earn a doughnut day., Picture Re-Takes Rescheduled & Extra Yearbooks

Picture retakes have been rescheduled for Tuesday, October 16th during lunch periods. School pictures that were ordered should be distributed this week. There are extra copies of the 2012 yearbook available for $65. Email Mrs. Dolan (bdolan@stvm.com) if you would like a copy., Hit the slopes with the STVM Ski Club! 
Sign ups are going on NOW-November 1st! Ski Club start date is 1/9/13. A Holiday Valley ski trip has been scheduled for the weekend of 1/17-18/2013! 

Join today, see Mr. Brownfield for more information!, Rathz and Raves:
A Message from our Headmaster

"Twenty one students received the Letter Jacket award today for earning their “Academic Letter.”  Their chenille letter is suitable for the jacket and signifies that academics are important at STVM."
-Mr. David Rathz, Here's a link to the spirit contest.
, The Akron Beacon Journal’s High School Spirit Contest is under way!  We only have until October 31, 2012 to let Northeast Ohio know how much spirit the STVM community has!  Go to spirit.ohio.com and enter your email address to start voting!  You can log-in once per day and vote for as many categories as you wish!  Some of the categories include; best coach, best teacher, best principal, best librarian, best booster club, best football field, best marching band, etc! Click on the categories and vote for STVM. If you think that another teacher or coach needs to be nominated- go for it!, Showcase 27 Kickoff Meeting

For those new to our Irish family, on Saturday, April 20, 2013, St. Vincent-St. Mary High School will present our annual school auction fundraiser. Aptly named Showcase, the auction truly is a showcase for the spectacular donated items we receive as well as our amazing students. For 27 years, Showcase has provided millions of dollars to hel...p thousands of students in the greater Akron area to receive a quality, Catholic education. 

And that is why we need you. We are looking for volunteers in all capacities: decorators, volunteer organizers, gift gatherers, phone callers, computer workers, friend inviters-you name it, we need it. We will have our first, kick off meeting on Thursday, October 11th from 6:00pm -7:00pm in the Conference Room off the Student Center (Parents Club will meet immediately following). Come to the meeting to sign up or just learn more. Either way, this is a great opportunity to meet new people, rekindle old friendships, or just release your inner crafter. 

Questions? Please contact Jan Giles, in the Advancement office at (330) 253-9113 x 114 or email Showcase@stvm.com, Fall Senior Night Schedule
Girls Soccer 
Wednesday, October 10, 2012 (TOMORROW)
vs. Canfield before 7:00 p.m. game 

Volleyball 
Thursday, October 11, 2011 
vs. Our Lady of the Elms before the varsity match. 

Band, Cheerleading, 
Cross Country, Football, Golf, Girls’ Tennis, 
Irish Dancer, Trainers 
Friday, October 26, 2012 vs. 
Ursuline High School before the 7:00 p.m. game, College Fair is tomorrow! All Summit Country Private High School students welcome!
All students are encouraged to attend and bring a friend to STVM’s college fair. It is open to all students who attend a private high school in Summit County; i.e,  Our Lady of the Elms School Archbishop Hoban High School Walsh Jesuit High School. Tomorrow, Tuesday, October, 9 from 6:00pm to 7:30 pm in the student center and Gym over 100 colleges will be in attendance! Juniors need to sign in at the college fair so they may receive their 2 college visit days! 

Colleges like: Harvard University, Vanderbilt University, The Ohio State University, Loyola University of Chicago, John Carroll and many more. Please check the link below for a list of colleges attending. The link is updated weekly. 

Click here to see a list of colleges which is updated weekly:http://www.stvm.com/files/pdf/studentlife/college_fair_list.pdf, null, Happy Birthday today to our Athletic Director, Mr. Andy Jalwan!, Homecoming Queen, Marissa Rossetti,  and Crowner, Mary Cistone, were announced at last Friday's Homecoming football game. Here is a great video to help capture the memories from our fabulous weekend. Don't forget to stay up to date on our YouTube page!  The best place to watch anything STVM!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kcgefQIScF8&feature=plcp, Here is the STVM boys soccer team celebrating their 1-0 victory Saturday against Woodridge. Going into the game Woodridge had a perfect record of 13-0. The goal was scored by Ethan Hagerty in the first half from an assist by Stephen Dages. This ended Woodridge's quest for a perfect season! 

The game was also the final regular season home game for the seniors. Spinner, Bennett, Pianalto, Fulkerson, Zaratsian, VanDevere, Bowen and Labbe., Pink Alert!  October is Breast Cancer Awareness month.  Support the Irish in fighting breast cancer.  Wear your PINK tonight to the football game., Tonight is STVM CYO Fall Sports Night at Green Street Stadium, John Cistone Field!  Wear your CYO jersey and receive free admission and a snack as the STVM Fighting Irish football team take on Marion Harding!  Kick-off is at 7 p.m.  Join us!, Good luck to all the Irish Athletics happening this weekend!
Girls/Boys Cross Country
Freshman Volleyball
JV Boys Golf
JV and Varsity Boys Soccer
JV Football
Wrestlers

Need to find out game times and locations?  Sign up for DynaCal and keep up to date with our Master STVM Calendar.  Be the first to be notified by text message about cancellations and time changes for anything STVM! Check it out here: http://bit.ly/SHFJrv, Who will be crowned Homecoming Queen?
Come down to Green Street Stadium from the annual Homecoming Football game.  Homecoming parade and announcement of attendants starts at 6:30, kick off vs. Marion Harding at 7:00, and announcement of Homecoming Queen at half time!

Come one, come all, come early! GO IRISH!, Representatives from The Right to Life Program stopped by to educate our Freshmen about their program.  Upper classmen were thrilled to see them as well!, Homecoming is here!
Tomorrow night our football team takes on Marion Harding at 7:00 at Green Street Stadium for our annual Homecoming Game. Our Homecoming Court was elected by a student body vote and then each girl selected her football escort.
Here is a look at our 2012-2013 STVM Homecoming Court:
Sophomores: Shea O'Brien (Escort) Karl Rybka; (Football Escort) Jeremy Swords 
Juniors: Irene Presper (Escort) Michael Callahan; (Football Escort) Parrish Poteete 
Nicole Paolucci (Escort) Jack Hurley; (Football Escort) Newman Williams 
Seniors 
Marissa Rossetti (Escort) Vincenzo Volpe; (Football Escort) Bryan Wisor
Katie Pamer (Escort) Bailey Spinner; (Football Escort) Joey Weber 
Mary Cistone (Escort) Greg Rybka; (Football Escort) Clayton Uecker 
Chelsea Laury (Escort) Ben Nelson; (Football Escort) Fransohn Bickley 
Amanda Burke (Escort) Ryan Fulkerson; (Football Escort) Nick Karipides 
Veronica VanDevere (Escort) Mark Wysocki; (Football Escort) Tom Paolucci

Homecoming activities include the following:
6:30: Homecoming Parade: Homecoming attendants(girls) will parade around the football field.  They will join their Escort and Football Escort at the fifty yard line where our 2012 Homecoming court will be announced.
7:00: Football game kicks off
Half Time: Homecoming Queen and Crowner will be  announced.  
Saturday night: The Homecoming dance for Sophomore, Juniors, and Seniors, will take place at St. Joseph Family Center, in Akron on Exchange Street, from 7-11PM.

Freshman Homecoming will take place next weekend, October, 13, 2012 in STVM’s gymnasium from 6:30-11:00PM., Congratulations to STVM senior, Robby Dambrot!  Robby has verbally committed to play D-1 soccer at High Point University in North Carolina.  The High Point Panthers are currently ranked number 23 in the nation for soccer.  Way to go Robby!  Irish Pride! , Will we make the playoffs?
Coach Dan Boarman said he is not concerned, choosing instead to follow the mantra of former coaching legend John Cistone.

"Coach Cistone always said that if you deserve to get into the playoffs, you will," said Boarman, whose team is ranked in the top 10 in the Associated Press poll but stands a precarious eighth in the Division III, Region 9 computer poll.

Click here to read the rest of the article:http://bit.ly/VzlUaZ, College Fair is just around the corner!
All students are encouraged to attend and bring a friend. The college fair is open to all students who attend a private high school in Summit County. The college fair will be Tuesday October 9th from 6:00pm to 7:30 pm in the student center and Gym. Juniors need to sign in at the college fair so they may receive their 2 college visit days! 

We will have about 100 colleges in attendance! Colleges like: Harvard University, Vanderbilt University, The Ohio State University, Loyola University of Chicago, John Carroll and many more. Please check the link below for a list of colleges attending. The link is updated weekly. 



http://www.stvm.com/files/pdf/studentlife/college_fair_list.pdf, STVM students enjoy after school TV privileges in the Student Center.  We have installed 2 LCD flat screens for our viewing pleasure!, null, STVM Football team moves up 3 spots to take the #5 spot on The Plain Dealer High School Top 25 poll!  Go Irish!

http://highschoolsports.cleveland.com/news/article/-6348855183981340812/plain-dealer-high-school-football-top-25-poll-entering-week-7-of-2012-season/, The 7th annual NHS Books for Bahamas Project is underway!  If you have any gently used books, please drop them off in the LRC!  In the past we have collected over 20,000 books for schools in the Bahamas!  Help us help others by bringing in your gently used books!, 412 likes! Thank you to the STVM faith and family community!, STVM has 5 National Merit Scholars
STVM proudly announces their PSAT/NMSQT high achievers this year.  These students show the highest degree of academic excellence and are the prime example of what STVM students are all about; academics being their best in the classroom.  Congratulations to our National Merit semi-finalist, Stefan Subich, who has the opportunity to become a finalist and earn National Merit scholarships and our National Merit commended students, Thomas Paolucci, Amanda Burke, Vincenzo Volpe, and Hannah Green.

Of the 1.5 million entrants, some 50,000 with the highest PSAT/NMSQT® Selection Index scores (critical reading + mathematics + writing skills scores) qualify for recognition in the National Merit® Scholarship Program. Congratulations to our students and their families on this prestigious recognition. Irish Pride!, Fall Senior Night Schedule

Boys Soccer 
Monday October 1, 2012 (last night)
vs. St. Edward High School at 7:00 p.m. game. 

Girls Soccer 
Wednesday, October 10, 2012 
vs. Canfield before 7:00 p.m. game. 

Volleyball 
Thursday, October 11, 2011 
vs. Our Lady of the Elms before the varsity match. 

Band, Cheerleading, 
Cross Country, Football, Golf, Girls’ Tennis, 
Irish Dancer, Trainers 
Friday, October 26, 2012 vs. 
Ursuline High School before the 7:00 p.m. game., Congratulations to the Girls Soccer team defeating RiverView last night 5-2.  

The freshman football team beat Northwest last night by a score of 33 – 0.
It was a strong defensive effort scoring 3 times and keeping Northwest out of the endzone., Irish athletics today: 7:00 pm – Varsity football away against Northwest
I
rish athletics Saturday: 8:00 a.m. – Cross Country away in the Midwest Invitational
10:00 a.m. – Freshman & JV & Varsity volleyball away against Norton
1:00 & 3:00 pm – JV & Varsity girls soccer away against Kenston
5:00 & 7:00 pm – JV & Varsity boys soccer home against Rocky River, Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster

"Five National Merit Scholars this year in our senior class—always more than our fair share.  On Monday look for more infomation plus the release of the names of our stellar STVM students. Stay tuned!"
-Mr. David Rathz, Thank you to Nikki Kanakkanatt VM10 for sharing this wonderful creation by Sheri Schlosser VM10.  We have great alums doing great things!, More information on the NASA rocketry program.
http://www.nasa.gov/offices/education/programs/descriptions/Student_Launch_Initiative.html, St. Vincent-St. Mary students shoot for the moon-literally! Congratulations to STVM’s new NASA Student Launch Initiative team!  The team was notified today that a panel of NASA and NASA contractor engineers, scientists, and education specialists reviewed their proposal and selected STVM as a part of this amazing NASA program.  Very few schools earn the opportunity to even submit a proposal and even fewer are selected (15 schools in the United States were selected in 2011). Way to go team!, WE NEED YOUR EXPERTise!
Please come share your knowledge and experience at our Career Connections Career Fair on November 7th!  Career Connections is an opportunity for current STVM junior and senior students to explore career options and gain knowledge about careers from Our Community’s professionals.           
 
Consider guiding our 300 junior and senior students as they begin identifying fields of study, college majors, and eventual career goals.  Last year, we had a broad range of careers, including, Science, Finance, Education, The Arts, Military, Safety Services, Business Management, Law, Government, and many other fascinating careers!  We want to hear about YOUR career!

Please join us on November 7, 2012 in the STVM Gymnasium from 8:00-9:30 a.m. to share your expertise.  STVM will provide a continental breakfast starting at 7:30 a.m., for your convenience.  If you cannot attend this important program, please feel free to refer a colleague from your organization or someone in the community you feel would like to participate and we will contact them.  

For more information please contact Carley Whitney VM07, Director of Annual Fund,  at cwhitney@stvm.com or by phone 330-253-9113 ext. 112., Congratulations to Senior Girls golfer, Michelle Noethen, for being chosen as one of the Akron Beacon Journal High School Spotlights!  Great job Michelle, keep up the good work!, Irish athletics today: 5:00 pm – JV boys soccer away against Western Reserve Academy7:00 pm – Varsity boys soccer home against WRA!  Go Irish!, AES Engineers Scholarship is a $500 award given annually. Deadline to apply is October 5th, Attention all freshmen: Come one, Come all to the Freshman Homecoming Dance on Saturday, October 13 from 7 – 11 pm. Dates are not required for this dance! Please turn in your permission slips and $25 to the Bookstore no later than Wednesday, October 3rd. It’s going to be a great time because YOU are there!, Our Lady Irish Golfers won today's OHSAA sectional golf championship with a team score of 358 points!  Way to go girls!
Irish Proud!, Attention 8th Graders… STVM is LOOKING FOR YOU!  Join us for our Fall Open House this Sunday, September 30th from 11:00 a.m. – 1:00p.m.   Come enjoy performances from our Irish Dancers, the STVM Marching Band, and our Cheerleaders; meet our students; take a tour of our innovative campus!  Find out what it takes to be successful in the classroom or on the field by talking directly –one on one- with our coaches and teachers … we are all eager to meet you! 

Don’t miss this exciting opportunity to experience the excellence of STVM! For more information or to RSVP Call Joanne Wiseman, Director of Admissions at 330.253.9113 ext 115 or email admissions.admissions@stvm.com, null, Girls Golf take to the practice links early this morning., Good luck today to both the Girls and Boys Golf Teams as they compete in their district tournaments!

Boys are at Massilion Elms Golf Course and Girls are at Brookledge Golf Club.  Go Irish!, STVM would like to congratulate one of our own! STVM freshman, VJ King, has been identified as one of the nation’s best basketball players. VJ, is one of 46 young players who has accepted an invitation to attend the 2012 USA Basketball Men...’s Developmental National Team mini-camp Oct. 6-7 at the U.S. Olympic Training Center in Colorado Springs, Colorado. Invitations were extended by the USA Basketball Men's Developmental National Team Committee. VJ shoots a high percentage on and off the court; he is currently excelling in several honors classes at STVM. Congratulations VJ, and Good Luck!

"This is a great honor and I was so excited when I got the news. Watching the Summer Olympics, I never dreamed I would be wearing a jersey representing the United States. I hope to make my family, STVM, and my country proud."
- VJ King

Here is the Akron Beacon Journal article: http://bit.ly/SizS0a, Irish athletics today: 4:00 pm – JV & Varsity tennis away against Canton Central Catholic Go Irish!, The 2012 Yearbooks are available for pick up. Please call the school or email Mrs. Dolan at bdolan@stvm.com to make arrangements to pick up your copy. Graduates and former students MUST contact the school first before coming to pick up a book. 

Please note that Mrs. Dolan will be out of the building Tuesday 9/25- Thursday 9/27. Extra copies are available on a first come basis for $65., null, STVM brings home the gold with a 48-20 victory over Hoban for the 6th year in a row.  WE ARE STVM!  Here are our WONDERFUL students on display for the post game activities! GO IRISH! IRISH NATION!

Congratulations and thank you to the whole STVM football team and coaches for one magical performance! STONG AND BOLD!

http://youtu.be/UhagU-nmc7E, The annual all student bonfire was last night.  Thanks to Mr. Mesek, we had one great bonfire to burn!  thanks again to all of our chaperones, supervisors, and staff who make Beat Hoban Week such a great experience!

Here is a video from the bonfire on our YouTube page:http://www.youtube.com/my_videos_edit?ns=1&video_id=0-qPCT7u7uE, ONE...WE ARE THE IRISH, TWO...A LITTLE BIT LOUDER, THREE...WE STILL CAN'T HEAR YOU..., null, ONE, WE ARE THE IRISH, TWO, A LITTLE BIT LOUDER, THREE... WE STILL CAN'T HEAR YOU!, Beat Hoban Week festivities.  Everyone takes part in the fun! Roll out of bed Monday, Twin/.Triplet Tuesday, Wildebeast Wednesday, Throwback thursday, and ALL OUT SPIRIT Friday., 400 likes!, Cross Country takes on some hills.  They will be running in the All Catholic Invitational this weekend in Dayton, OH.  Go IRISH!

http://bit.ly/Vh3D1c, The Band Show was a raging success, again.  Driving rain cannot stop our horns!  Congratulations to all the bands who made the trip to Green Street Stadium!

Here is a great article about our band program: http://bit.ly/OJ4Fy9, Become a STVM Parent Partner Today!

The FUND for STVM, our annual fund, is the lifeblood of our school. This subsidizes our operations and helps to bridge the gap between what it costs to education a STVM student ($9950) and our current tuition ($8650). To build this fund, we look to partners in our community. As parents, you are our most important partners in your child’s education. We are all well aware that each that each family has an individual capacity to give, and to that, gifts of any amount make a direct impact. 

Our goal is to achieve 100% Parent Partnership participation, and every day we working towards that. Last year, 4% of parents contributed to The Fund for STVM. This year, we have already surpassed 30% parent participation. To show appreciation for your gift, we have created OFFICIAL STVM PARENT PARTNER travel mugs. Any donation of $25 or more will be rewarded with the gift of a mug. 

It is our hope to have these exclusive mugs in the hands of every parent, on every sideline, in every seat. We hope you make The Fund for STVM a number one priority in your giving. Again, 100% participation speaks volumes. Thank you for your continued support!, null, Beat Hoban Week festivities.  Everyone takes part in the fun! Roll out of bed Monday, Twin/.Triplet Tuesday, Wildebeast Wednesday, Throwback thursday, and ALL OUT SPIRIT Friday., 394 Likes! Who will be Lucky #400?  May the Luck of the Irish be with you!, Beat Hoban Week festivities.  Everyone takes part in the fun! Roll out of bed Monday, Twin/.Triplet Tuesday, Wildebeast Wednesday, Throwback thursday, and ALL OUT SPIRIT Friday., LeBron James Family Foundation Thank you for the tour today! It was so exciting to see everything at the new office.  It is wonderful to see our graduates turn into men right before our eyes. #family, The Akron Wrestling Club Fall Open
Sunday, October 7, 2012
*** An OhioWrestler.com TOP 20 Point Scoring Event ***
Wrestling will begin at 10:00 a.m. sharp! A split start will be used, so check below to see what time your division must weigh in by and starts wrestling. Youth Wrestlers: This event will post results on-line for the Top 20 Standings on www.OhioWrestler.com, so make sure your name is legible on the entry form so it can be sent to Ohio Wrestler correctly. Last year this tournament attracted over 350 wrestlers, expect a similar great turnout once again this year!
Tournament Location: Akron St. Vincent-St. Mary High School, 15 N. Maple St. Akron, Ohio.
AGE GROUP WEIGHT CLASSES WEIGH-IN START TIME
5-6 40,45,50,55,60,70,Hwt 7:30-9:00 a.m. 10:00 a.m.
7-8 45,50,55,60,65,70,75,85,Hwt 7:30-9:00 a.m. 10:00 a.m.
9-10 55,60,65,70,75,80,86,93,100,115,Hwt 7:30-1:00 p.m. 2:00 p.m.
11-12 65,70,75,80,85,92,100,110,125,140, Hwt 7:30-9:00 a.m. 10:00 a.m.
13-14 80,85,90,95,100,105,112,119,126,132,138,145,160,18 0,Hwt 7:30-9:00 a.m. 10:00 a.m.
15-19 (no grads!) 106,113,120,126,132,138,145,152,160,170,182,195,22 0,285 7:30-1:00 p.m. 2:00 p.m.
Masters (19 and up) 133,149,165,184,215,285 7:30- 1:00 p.m. 2:00 p.m.
Awards: 12 and under: Top three place finishers receive deluxe trophies.
13-14, 15-19, and Masters age group: Top Three place finishers receive medals.
Entry Fee: $20, at the time of weigh-ins. No pre-registrations.
Rules: Modified Scholastic Rules will be used for all divisions. Tournament will be double elimination. Sudden death overtime will be used in case of a tie. All periods start from the neutral position. All restarts are from the neutral position. Tournament Director reserves the right to combine weight classes upon need. Only OHSAA Certified Officials will be used.
Concessions: Will be served all day, including a full breakfast.
Contact Information: Anthony Gary: algary23@hotmail.com
In appreciation of your acceptance of my entry, I agree to be legally bound for myself, my heirs, executors, and administers, waive and release the St. Vincent-St. Mary’s Wrestling Team, St. Vincent-St. Mary’s High School, Akron Wrestling Club, officials, tournament directors, workers and all representatives from any and all claims of right to damages for any injury suffered by me directly or indirectly as a result of competing at this tournament.

CLUB or Copy of Entry Form provided by www.OhioWrestler.com with permission of St. Vincent St. Mary’s Wrestling per Anthony Gary, null, The volleyball team is in need of 4 scoreboard keepers for their remaining home games which include tonight, September 17 and Thursday, October 11th. This is a paid position. If you are interested please give your name and number to a volleyball player or Mr. Jalwan, the A.D., Today is twin/triplet day at STVM for Beat Hoban Week.  Pictures to come!, Did you know that all STVM students and faculty get into ALL on campus athletic events for free?

With proof of STVM ID, we get in free.  GO IRISH!, Want to read this morning's morning announcements?

Click here:http://www.stvm.com/files/pdf/calendars/morning_announcements.pdf, Pre-Sale Tickets for Friday Night’s Football Game vs Archbishop Hoban are On Sale Now!

Pre-sale tickets for Friday night’s football game versus Archbishop Hoban are on sale now in the STVM Student Bookstore. Pre-sale ticket prices are $8 for students and $10 for adults. All tickets at the game will be $10. **Please note: all STVM students will need to purchase tickets for this game. Students will not be admitted free with a valid student ID. 

Get your tickets in advance for one of the most highly anticipated football games of the year. The annual rivalry game will be played at University of Akron’s Infocision Stadium on Friday September 21 at 7:00pm. This week’s game is also being featured as the Sports Time Ohio “Game of the Week” and will be televised several times this weekend., Happy BEAT HOBAN Week.  Here is our list of themed days.  Every year, Student Council organizes and decides on the activities for this very special week.  

As we all may know, STVM football will take on Hoban, this Friday at 7pm at The University of Akron's Infocision Stadium.  Let's pack the house for this historic Akron rivalry., Congratulations to Kathleen Zehenni Holaday VM77, Director of Constituent Relations,  who will be honored this evening at St. Sebastian Parish School's September Spectacular.  Kathy is being recognized as one of the founders of the event that has raised hundreds of thousands of dollars for St. Sebastian school.  Irish Proud!, STVM welcomed home LeBron James, STVM Class of 2003, to congratulate him on the 2012 NBA MVP Award, 2012 NBA Championship, and his 2012 Olympic Gold Medal.  Together in celebration, LeBron and our students pledged the STVM PROMISE:

"I promise to use the gifts God has given me to represent Him, my family, my school, my country, and most of all myself with honor, dignity and the character with which I want to be remembered."

Here is our assembly:, STVM football ranked #1 in Division III, in first AP state high school football poll released for 2012 Ohio season. 
Congratulations and GO IRISH!
http://bit.ly/TKOLbA, 367 LIKES!! Keep them coming!, LeBron James Family Foundation Our home is your home!  Thank you for coming today.

We made the PROMISE!, Thank you LeBron James! STVM will always be your home, WE PROMISE!, No lack of St. Vincent-St. Mary HS in Cleveland Magazine this month.  Hope you didn't miss the information about our Russian program., Congratulations to junior, Kiley May, for being selected as the Akron Beacon Journal Player of the Week!
Click here to read the story: http://bit.ly/SHXAoU, Boys Golf off to a strong start!  Check out the Akron.com article here!  Go Irish!
http://bit.ly/O1Jk8G, A fan bus will be provided for this week’s football game against Youngstown Cardinal Mooney for $10 which includes your game ticket. Sign up at the Athletic office., There will be a lunch time meeting this Thursday Sept.13th for all students in the UA/STEM Research Experience. The meeting will be held in the Conference Room during both lunch periods. Be sure to bring your Research Binder and pack a lunch to save time., Reminder for Parents:
Please attend tonight’s Curriculum Night which starts at 7 pm in The Jack and Ann Haag Student Center. You will get a chance to go through a day of your student's schedule and meet their teachers., Irish Spirit Squad is STVM’s own student booster club. This club has been formed to positively support all athletic teams and clubs. This club will organize themes for games, cheer their hearts out, help organize pep rallies and assemblies, and help show school spirit for all school events. 

Once a student joins they receive automatic membership for the entire school year. Dues are $20.00. This price will help cover the cost of sign making materials, an official Club T SHIRT, and a party at some point during the school year. This club is open to all Fall Athletes and band members! Stay loud my friends, we are the Fighting Irish! 

There will be a meeting this Friday, September 14, 2012 during lunches. At this meeting we will be collecting applications and dues and going over some housekeeping rules. Applications are available in Mr. McDonald, Miss Buerhle, and Miss Whitney’s offices. 

Here is the flyer: http://www.stvm.com/files/pdf/athletics/irish_spirit_squad.pdf, If you are interested in joining one of the lunch groups this fall please contact Mrs. Knapp or Miss Buehrle in the counseling office for more information. All students are welcome and must sign up by September 28th.

Here is the flyer: http://www.stvm.com/files/pdf/studentlife/counseling_groups.pdf, Pre-sale tickets for Friday's football game, vs Cardinal Mooney, are on sale in the #STVM student bookstore. The game is at YSU at 7:30pm, null, STVM has a Flight 93 Club.  This club's purpose and mission is to ignite awareness for the passengers on the United Flight 93 that crashed in Pennsylvania on 9/11.  This aircraft was intended to crash into the Capitol Building in Washington, D.C.  This would have been just another tragedy that would have stricken our country on 9/11/01.

Flight 93 Club holds fundraisers that help support the construction of the Flight 93 Memorial in PA.  This is the only memorial that is unpaid for.  Last school year, STVM students donated 93 cents to this club.  They raised hundreds of dollars and these funds were shipped off to help the funding of the memorial.  They also held a bowling fundraiser over the summer. Please stay tuned to our FB page for upcoming fundraising events.  Please follow the link, watch the video, and help us create 9/11 awareness: http://bit.ly/NmirdW, At 8:46 this morning, STVM, along with the whole nation, shared in a moment of silence.  We will never forget 9/11.  Thank you to all the troops who have risked or spared their lives for the freedoms we are so fortunate to have.  We continue to pray for the families who lost a loved one in 2001.  Today, our American Flag will fly at half mast.  Let this be a small tribute to our country., Great write up in the Falls Cmmunity Connection about our football game Friday night vs. Woodridge High School.  Here is the link:  http://cuyahogafalls.ohio.com/sports/woodridge-high-school/only-on-mycommunities-ohio-com-st-vincent-st-mary-holds-woodridge-scoreless-for-big-win-1.331801, Our Open Houses provide an excellent opportunity for students and their families to explore the various aspects of life at STVM, to tour our campus and meet our students, parents, teachers, coaches and staff.

We welcome students at any grade level to our Open Houses and request that families pre-register prior to attending. We look forward to having you join us for on one of these Open House dates:

Register online to confirm your intent to attend.

•Sunday, September 30, 2012 (11:00 AM - 1:00 PM)
•Thursday, October 25, 2012 (6:30 PM - 8:00 PM) 
•Thursday, February 28, 2013 (6:30 PM - 8:00 PM)

http://www.stvm.com/admissions/open_house.php, Good luck today to the Fighting Irish Volleyball Team as they take on the Archbishop Hoban High School Knights!  JV starts at 5:30 and Varsity at 6:30!  Come down to STVM to watch this match!, Irish athletics tonight: 4:00 pm –JV & Varsity boys golf away against Northwest
4:00 pm – JV tennis home against Aurora
5:00 & 7:00 pm –JV & Varsity Girls soccer away against Revere
5:30 & 6:30 pm – Freshmen & JV & Varsity volleyball home against Hoban. Let’s pack the gym and Beat the knights!!!, Announcements about upcoming club meetings!

Attention all students who love mathematics and competition: Come join the Math Team every Tuesday morning at 7:30 in Room 239. First meeting is TOMORROW.

Anyone interested in Mock Trial – there will be a meeting on Wednesday in Mrs. Kropf’s room at 3:10.

Irish Athletes for Christ will be holding their first meeting of the year on Thursday, September 13 at 7:20 AM in the STVM Theater. Please help spread the word and bring a friend. A light breakfast will be served.

Attention I.T.S. members and anyone who is interested in joining our club – there will be a meeting this Thursday, September 13th after school. It is our first meeting and we will be discussing future events and fun activities! Please come and join us!, Attention Irish Fans!!!
Presale tickets for tonight's football game at Woodridge HS will be for sale in the bookstore from 11-3. Come down and get them!, Irish athletics tonight: 7:00 pm –Varsity football away against Woodridge. Go Irish!

Athletics Saturday: 8:00 am – Cross Country away in the Tiffin Invitational
8:00 am - Varsity boys golf in The Tradition
9:00 am – Varsity tennis away in the Triway Tournament
10:00 am – JV football home against Woodridge. Beat the bulldogs!
11:00 am & 1 pm – JV & Varsity girls soccer away against Stow
1:00 pm – JV boys golf at the JV Tournament
1:00 & 3:00 pm – JV & Varsity boys soccer away against Sylvania Northview

Good luck to all our Irish athletes!, Irish Athletes for Christ will be holding their first meeting of the year on Thursday, September 13 at 7:20 AM in the STVM Theater. Please help spread the word and bring a friend. A light breakfast will be served., The 2012 yearbooks will be arriving in the next couple of weeks. There are extras available and the price is $65. Please see Mrs. Dolan in room 331 if you would like a copy of last year’s yearbook when they come in., Irish athletics today: 
4:00 pm –Varsity girls golf away against Our Lady of the Elms
4:15 pm – Varsity tennis home against Hudson
4:30 & 5:30 pm – Freshman & JV volleyball away against St. Thomas Aquinas
5:00 pm – Freshman football away against Perry
5:00 pm – JV boys soccer home against Padua Franciscan, Seniors: Just a reminder that your sweatshirt and T-shirt orders are due by Friday…please turn them in to the bookstore. If you have any questions, see Mrs. Wood before Friday., Congratulations to STVM Fan of the Week: Mario Volpe! GO IRISH!, Today was all school picture day!  Everyone looks so nice with the clean ironed shirts!  Smile big!, Try outs for the Fall musical are underway!  Good luck to all students!, Parents Club meeting tonight at 7:00 in Conference Room., This picture is from a previous match and courtesy of a fan post! Thanks Bob!, Traffic Advisory for Friday Night’s Football Game at Woodridge High School

The Summit County Sherriff’s office has issued a traffic advisory for the Peninsula area on Friday September 7th. There is a sold out concert at Blossom Music Center that evening and those attending the STVM vs Woodridge football game are strongly encouraged to avoid Route 8 at Steels Corner Road and the surrounding areas. The best alternate route to get to Woodridge High School will be to use State Road. Please allow extra time to arrive at the game and plan to leave a little earlier than normal. The heaviest traffic is expected in the area between 5:00-7:00 PM., Another great boys soccer photo courtesy of a fan post! Keep em' coming Irish fans!, null, St. Vincent-St. Mary Marching Band Show 
Saturday, September 8th, 7:00 PM 
Green Street Stadium/John Cistone Field 
15 North Maple Street, Akron, Ohio 44313 

Showcasing the marching band talent of these area high schools: 

•Central Catholic: Crusaders 
•Manchester: Panthers 
•Mogadore: Wildcats 
•Rittman: Indians 
•Rootstown: Rovers 
•Springfield: Spartans 
•Woodridge: Bulldogs 
•St. Vincent-St. Mary: Fighting Irish, Here is a video of the photo shoot our students participated in with Cleveland Magazine., The wager was set and fulfilled.  Walsh Jesuit High School President, Mr. Karl Ertle (pictured at right), showed up at STVM today wearing the STVM football jersey.  STVM President, Mr. Thomas Carone (pictured at left), and Mr. Karl Ertle made a wager that the losing school had to wear the winner's football jersey to school all day on Tuesday.  STVM beat Walsh 49-10 last Friday.  Thanks Karl for being such a great sport!  Our friendly rivalry is always something special!, We just hit 301 likes on FB and 234 followers on Twitter! The #IrishNation is in full force!  Keep spreading the word! Thank you!, FUND OUR FUTURE!
Donate to The Fund for STVM either online through PayPal or print out an enrollment form and send it in!
http://bit.ly/Q0Enrb, Morning announcements and STVM Events are posted daily on www.stvm.com, The STVM Marching Band has a YouTube account.  Check out all of their performances here: http://bit.ly/TdEIgt, Hope everyone had a fabulous three day holiday weekend.  Back to school tomorrow STVM! See you there., null, Boys soccer photos courtesy of a fan post! Thanks Bill!, Boys soccer photos courtesy of a fan post!  Thanks Bill!, STVM football took on Walsh Jesuit High School for the Great American Rivalry Game.  Here a few pictures from that evening.  Congratulations to senior wide reciever, Jordan Hargrove, for recieving the MVP award along with a scholarship! Thank you to all Irish and Warrior supporters who came out to Green Street!, null, Year after year, Peer Ministry hosted the Freshmen Picnic.  Our party on Market Street is always a raging success.  Welcome to the STVM family, Class of 2016!, Follow @STVMAthletics on Twitter for live updates of tonight's game.  Also, www.ihigh.com will be doing live web streaming for tonight's Great American Rivalry game vs. WJ., Who will bring home the victory bell tonight? It has been ours for a whole year. The entire STVM community is gearing up for all of its on campus events today/tonight.
1:30 Early dismissal with Freshman Picnic to follow
5:00-6:30 Alumni Association Tailgate in SC
5:15 1972 State Championship Team Reunion in Wentz Room
6:40 Recognition of 1972 Champs by Mayor, Donald L. Plusquellic
7:00 Kickoff vs. Walsh Jesuit High School
Post Game: VM82 Reunion in LRC and VM87 Reunion in SC

Thank you to everyone coming out tonight! We wish everyone fun and friendship over the three day weekend ahead of us. So many reunions are taking place this weekend and we are so fortunate to have such passionate alums!, null, Rathz and Raves:
A Message from our Headmaster

"Spirit Day—the first one of the year—so much green and gold—even an old guy like me enjoys the rivalry and the tradition involved."
-Mr. David Rathz, Yearbook Order Reminder

Just a reminder that all students will be charged for a 2013 yearbook in their tuition. If you do not wish to have a yearbook at this time please complete the form and return it to Mrs. Dolan in room 331. 

Click Here to access the yearbook "do not order" form:http://www.stvm.com/files/pdf/studentlife/yearbook_do_not_order_form.pdf, Attention all Alumni & Friends Tailgate Attendees!
REMINDER -  The Tailgate this evening will be held in the STVM Student Center.  The event runs from 5:00 p.m. until 6:30 p.m.
See you there!  

Go IRISH!, Good luck to all the athletic teams today!  So much going on!  Check out www.stvm.com to stay on top of everything!, Tickets still on sale in the bookstore for tomorrow night's match up vs. Walsh Jesuit High School.  7pm kickoff at Green Street Stadium., A wager has been made with Walsh Jesuit High School.  If STVM beats Walsh tomorrow night, WJ President, Mr. Karl Ertle, will have to wear a STVM football jersey all day on Tuesday to WJ. If WJ beats STVM tomorrow, then STVM President, Mr. Thomas M. Carone, will wear a WJ football jersey to school on Tuesday. Nothing like a friendly wager being made between two rivals., We are very much so looking forward to High School Sports Insider covering this Friday's football game vs. Walsh Jesuit High School.  Kick off at 7pm at Green Street Stadium. Come down and get your tickets before it sells out.  Tickets available in Athletic Office and Bookstore., Parents and Students- DO NOT FORGET!
1:30 Early dismissal this Friday.  Freshman Picnic starts immediately after dismissal., Are you on Twitter?  Not on Twitter but want to be? Have no clue what Twitter is?

Well now you can read all of STVM's tweets right from www.stvm.com.  Visit our website and scroll down- the right side of your screeen will show our tweets., So much going on today at STVM.  Check out www.stvm.com to view Today's Events.  From there you can read this morning's morning announcements., STVM XC Team is gearing up for their 3rd meet of the new year this weekend.  Check out the XC teams website to keep up to date with everying XC!  GO IRISH! 
http://www.stvmirishxc.com/2012/08/week-ahead-for-irish-xc.html, null, Shamrock and Legacy Society gathered to recieve their medallions for the new school year.  We are ever so grateful for the annual support they show.  This night we also dedicated and renamed our Student Center.  It will now be called The Jack and Ann Haag Student Center., Russian Department is planning a 7 day, 6 night private tour of Moscow and St. Petersbug, Russia for STVM travelers.  This trip is open to all current STVM students and faculty and their family members.  The first information meeting will be held tomorrow, August, 29 in the LRC at 7pm.  Check out the flyer for more details:, Who says science isn't fun?  Did you know STVM has a partnership with The University of Akron's College of Polymer Science.  This partnership allows current STVM students the opportunity to work side by side with professors at The University of Akron.  The experience they gain not only counts as college credit but also gives them an imense amount of knowledge and training for thier future.  Here is an article about our partnership: http://bit.ly/OooNt3, We have a brand new Dean of Students.  Mr. Anthony Casalinuovo, "Mr. C", graduated from St. Vincent in 1968.  We welcome him aboard as the school year continues to roll on.  Check out his new faculty biography on our website: http://bit.ly/OEL9oD, The Walsh Jesuit vs. STVM game this Friday, August 31, at Green Street is one of four games competing to be the Week Two Cleveland Browns High School Game of the Week! The game that receives the most votes will be covered by ClevelandBrowns.com  and the team that wins the game will also receive $4,000 for their football program! Additionally, the winning coach and game MVP will be honored live at a Browns home game! 

Voting is open until Wednesday at 5:00 pm. To vote, visit: http://www.clevelandbrowns.com/community/youth-football/game-of-the-week.html

VOTE FOR THE IRISH!, Fall is in the air.  Great job tonight boys!, Irish On Top!  Football Home Opener tonight vs. Purcell Marion (Cincinnati) at 7:00.  Green Street Stadium will be bleeding green and gold tonight!  Good luck boys, week 1 is under way., null, Morning announcements for today have been updated, http://www.stvm.com/files/pdf/calendars/morning_announcements.pdf, Want to know what is going on today at STVM?  Go to our home page and see what is happening today, http://www.stvm.com/, Fall Sports are underway.  Here are our athletes., Have anything you think is STVM newsworthy?  You are our best ears and eyes.  Share your stories on our FB or email them to  stvmnews@stvm.com., Here's a sneak peak at the September issue of Cleveland Magazine.  Don't miss our STVM students featured in this issue., Cross Country teams aim to maintain their past successes.  Akron.com did a great article on what coach, Dan Lancianese and his teams have in store for this season.  Click here to read more: http://bit.ly/O5AYJi, Did you see the Akron Beacon Journal and Ohio.com Sports today?

STVM junior student and football player, Dante Booker, is Ohio's top-ranked junior recruit.  Akron Beacon Journal did an amazing article on our student athlete.  Check it out here:  http://bit.ly/O8pwuN, Pick and article, any article!  STVM is all over the news today!

Next Friday, August 31, 2012 the STVM Football team will take on Walsh Jesuit High School.  This has been selected for a Great American Rivalry Series game.  Grab your teckets next week, it will sell out!  Click here to read: http://bit.ly/PeKNUp, St. Vincent-St. Mary Alumni (official) repost:
Over the weekend, a great article about Tim Ochsenhirt, V64, was published in the Akron Beacon Journal.  We wish Tim the best of luck as he hands down the reigns of Roetzel & Andress to Jeffrey J. Casto.  Click here to read: http://bit.ly/MOGKBd, Irish Athletics today:  Varsity Girls Golf AWAY vs. Norton High School at Mud Run Golf Course & Driving Range, Connect with us so we can connect with you!, A special thanks to the St. Vincent - St. Mary Class of 1997 and their donations to The Matt Kauffman 5K!, Irish Athletics today:  JV and Varsity Girls Tennis AWAY at Western Reserve Academy.  Both matches will start at 4:30., Join us for the 8th Annual Alumni & Friends Tailgate Party!

Come join us for the 8th Annual Alumni & Friends Tailgate Party on August 31, 2012 from 5:00 – 6:30 p.m. in the Student Center. Attention: VM16 – free game ticket and free tailgate meal! 

Check out the St. Vincent-St. Mary Alumni (official) page for more info., We would like to welcome the newest members of our staff.  We are so excited for them to join our family.
Mr. Anthony Casalinuovo- Dean of Students
Ms. Emily Buerhle- Guidance Counselor
Mr. Kevin Kelly- Math Department
Ms. Kelly Williams- Nurse
Ms. Mary Mitchell- Speech Therapist, The start to the 2012-2013 school year is officially underway.  Welcome back staff & students!, We are all in our places with bright shiny faces., Thank you to the LeBron James Family Foundation for including us in the Wheels for Education event yesterday at The Akron Aeros game., Campus Ministry runs the Big Sib program every year.  Each incoming freshman has a pre-selected junior or senior student to help them with the start of their high school career.  Today was the first day for freshmen and their Big Sibs.  The whole school starts tomorrow., Welcome Class of 2016! May today be the beginning of many memories!, Can you believe it? The start of school is in the air! Freshmen start on Monday along with their Big Sibs.  Sophmores, Juniors, and Seniors start on Tuesday.  See you next week.  GO IRISH, The page likes just keep on coming!  Thank you again to everyone who has liked our page. Keep sharing, liking, and re posting!  Get the word out about STVM!, STVM is one busy place today.  Here is what is going on today/tonight:
Opening Faculty Meeting
Girls Varsity Golf vs. Woodridge HS 9AM @ Mud Run
Boys Varsity Golf vs. Cardinal Mooney 1PM @ Mill Creek
JV Girls Tennis @ Tallmadge HS 4PM
Girls Varsity Tennis @ Tallmadge HS 4PM
Varsity Girls Volleyball scrimmage @ Revere HS 5:30PM
Varsity Football scrimmage Home vs. Firestone 6PM @ Green Street Stadium
New Student/New Parent Orientation 6:30-7:30PM STVM Student Center
*DynaCal is our school calendar.  Visit www.stvm.com to sign up for text alerts and keep up to date., Just in case you didn't know- Mr. Thomas M. Carone, former CEO, was named President of STVM earlier this summer.  STVM will follow the President-Principal model after our Headmaster, Mr. David Rathz retires after the 2013-2014 school year.  Until his retirement, Mr. Rathz will remain Headmaster.  Here is what akron.com has to say about the transition: http://bit.ly/NrQIK6, The bookstore is booming with books and clothes.  Did you get your Fall class schedule?  Still need books?  Come to the STVM bookstore for anything you need.  Binders, folders, books, and clothes.  We got it all!, Lady Irish Golf wins their fourth consecutive preseason Greater Akron league title. Click on the link to read The Akron Beacon Journal article: http://bit.ly/PhCnxM, Rathz and Raves:
A Message from our Headmaster
"The school has come alive this week with students and parents walking through the building, some of them for the very first time. It is great to hear their voices and the excitement."
-Mr. David Rathz, STVM has its name in the press today.  Megan Tomei, VM12, and junior, Dante Booker, had their names in the headlines.

Megan Tomei had a nice write up in the Tallmadge Express about her Track&Field career at STVM.  Click here to read: http://bit.ly/R04QJy

Dante Booker is ready for football season.  Click here to read the ESPN article: http://es.pn/MX0zHN, Boys Soccer team has a Twitter account:  @STVMBoysSoccer, Just in case you missed this article, http://www.akron.com/pages.asp?aID=16662, Athletic Director, Andy Jalwan, shows his excitement for the upcoming fall sports seasons.  What are your memories about last years fall sports seasons??, Thank you to everyone who has liked the STVM page!  We have hit 200 likes!, Homeroom lists are up on the bookstore window.  Come see where you will spend 18 minutes every morning.  Building hours are 9-3 Monday-Thursday., LeBron James' Wheels for Education helps support City of Akron students.  All STVM friends and family are invited to an Akron Aeros game for a day of family fun.  Please contact Patty Burdon to purchase these $5 tickets.  Flyer below., Tomorow is Fall Sports pictures!

Green Street Stadium.

Here is the schedule:
9:00am Athletic Trainers
9:15am Jv and V Girls Golf
9:30am JV and V Boys Golf
9:45am Freshmen Cheerleading
10:00am JV and V Cheerleading
10:30am Marching Band
10:50am ALL Fall Sports Seniors, including Trainers & Marching Band
11:00am JV and V Football
11:30am Freshmen Football, The North 40, located on West Street, is looking great this time of the year!  Thanks to Girls Soccer parents, this soccer practice field will be more than ready for the start of the upcoming school year., null, Tuesday. August, 14, 2012 the second round of Fall Sports individual and team pictures will be taken at Green Street Stadium. 
Here is the schedule for next week:
9:00am JV and V Volleyball
9:15am Freshmen Volleyball
9:30am JV and V Girls Tennis
9:50am Irish Dancers
10:15am JV and V Girls Soccer
10:45am JV and V Boys Soccer
11:30am Cross Country, Thursday, August, 9 2012 the first round of Fall Sports individual and team pictures will be taken at Green Street Stadium.
Here is the schedule:
9:00am  Athletic Trainers
9:15am Jv and V Girls Golf
9:30am JV and V Boys Golf
9:45am Freshmen Cheerleading
10:00am JV and V Cheerleading
10:30am Marching Band
10:50am ALL Fall Sports Seniors, including Trainers & Marching Band
11:00am JV and V Football
11:30am Freshmen Football, Good luck to all the STVM boys golfers! Try outs start today at Good Park., The Athletic Booster Club is a raging success! Thank you to everyone for coming out!, Six STVM students flashed their pearly whites for the camera on Thursday August, 2, 2012.  Cleveland Magazine took student representatives from all Cleveland Diocese high schools to highlight school spirit.  This article and magazine cover will show the school spirirt of all private schools.  Thank you to Cleveland Magazine for including us in this very special opportunity.  Look out for us in the issue coming out the end of August. , Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster
"Great job and thank you to STVM students Dante Booker Jr, Emily Cetnarowski, Julia Mendiola, Tom Paolucci, Clayton Uecker, and Gabrielle Yarbrough.  Yesterday, they participated in Cleveland Magazine's photo shoot which will be a full article and cover photo.  Watch for them on the magazine cover that comes out the end of August."
-Mr. David Rathz, Cleveland Magazine is doing an article on school spirit.  Can you spot STVM?, We are right on the cusp of the closures.  Safe travels to President Obama and everyone traveling downtown to see him.   , The STVM Boys Soccer team will host its annual Alumni Game this Saturday, August 4 at 3pm. Stay after the game to enjoy the Athletic Boosters picnic., null, "Our AP program and our AP students have outdone themselves once again.  Some 94% of our AP students scored in the top groups.  Congratulations to all of them.  Read the article and see their names on www.stvm.com.", In less than 3 weeks this parking lot will be full.  Start purchasing your uniform shirts and even those school sweaters.  It has been hot in Ohio but our AC keeps STVM cool during this heatwave!, null, It is almost August;must be time for Band Camp. We can't wait to hear what our talented Irish musicians have in store for us this fall!, STVM Class of 2011 and current BigTen defensive backs stopped in at two-a-days today.  Doran Grant (OSU defensive back) and Mark Murphy (Indiana University safety) hopped in some drills today at practice.  Welcome back boys!, Day #1 of two-a-days is completed.  What a great view of the Akron skyline from Green Street Stadium.  Fall is almost here., Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster
"Come by and check out the top floor of the academic wing.  It is a “work zone” right now as all carpeting has been removed and the ceiling is freshly coated with white paint.  Next week all new carpeting arrives for your new school year."
-Mr. David Rathz, null, STVM Booster Club will be holding its annual Booster Club Picnic this Friday night at 6 o'clock at Green Street Stadium.  This is a great way to meet your community, plus, it is free!  Come out and join our Boosters for some food and fun!, Do not forget to register for the Matt Kauffman 5K or 1 mile walk.  Race starts at 9 am this Saturday, August 4, 2012.  

Applications are located in the Front Office at STVM or fill out this one!, The Administrative parking lot on King Court (across the street from the flag pole doors) has been newly graveled and expanded.  Fencing and bushes have been removed, land has been demo-ed, forming 100 or so new parking spots which can be seen all the way to Crosby School.  These spots can be accessed from Maple or West Street by turning onto King Court.  Please feel free to park here for all STVM on campus events.   , null, Breaking News!
2012 AP Scholars have been announced and STVM is proud to have 17 from the Class of 2012 one from the Class of 2013 (indicated with a *), as our elite group of students.  Some additional data that you might be interested in:  94% of the STVM students taking AP tests scored a 3 or better on tests taken.  This compares to only 67% in the State of Ohio and only 61.5% globally.  
Here is a full roster of our scholars:

AP Scholar (scored an AP test score of 3 of higher on three or more AP Exams):
Abigail Bashor (St. Sebastian)
Jessica Blankenship (St. Augustine)
Anne Davis (St. Vincent)
Salvatore Faetanini (St. Hilary)
Erin Farrell (St. Joseph)
*Katelyn Holaday (St. Sebastian)
Michael Hurley (IHM)
Rosemary Klein (St. Mary)
Ashley Miesle (St. Joseph)
Tessa Weigand (St. Vincent)

AP Scholar with Honor (received an average score of at least 3.25 on all AP Exams taken, and scores of 3 or higher on four or more of these exams):
Nicole Almenar (St. Sebastian)
Ian Edgley (St. Francis Xavier)
Austin Manna (St. Vincent)
Hannah Roberts (St. Vincent)

AP Scholar with Distinction (received an average score of at least 3.5 on all AP Exams taken, and scores of 3 or higher on five or more of these exams):
Maria Alvord (St. Mary)
Hannah Comeriato (IHM)
John Friess (St. Hilary)
Michael Muzilla (Sacred Heart), Attention students!
Are you doing your summer reading?  School starts in less than a month.  Follow this link to find what books you need to read before August 20, http://bit.ly/NTeGMi, Hey TWEETS! STVM is on Twitter: http://bit.ly/PU7a0T, Have you like the Alumni FB page yet?  Do it NOW!  http://on.fb.me/NTN070, null, The entire STVM community would like to extend our thoughts and prayers to the family and friends of William "Bill" Henkel who passed away this week.  Bill was a graduate of St. Mary High School and a tremendous supporter of STVM.  
"May the road rise up to meet you.
May the wind always be at your back.
May the sun shine warm upon your face,
and rains fall soft upon your fields.
And until we meet again,
May God hold you in the palm of His hand."

http://www.legacy.com/obituaries/ohio/obituary.aspx?n=william-j-henkel&pid=158723370&fhid=2978, This event will be amazing!  It is only a month away.  Check out our official alumni Facebook page for more upcoming alumni events and news. , Camp Irish is the busiest it has ever been.  Here is a run down of the enrichment and athletic camps taking place on STVM's campus this week:
Boys Soccer Camp
Girls Soccer Camp
Drama & Theater Camp
Volleyball Camp
Rushin' to learn Russian

Thank you campers!  Have a great week., The STVM community would like to wish Mrs. Joanne Wiseman, Director of Admissions, a happy birthday.  Thank you, Joanne,  for everything you do for STVM.  We could not do it with out you!, Rathz and Raves
A message from our Headmaster:

"This school is much too quiet for some of us who work throughout the summer.  We look forward to the return of students and teachers next month.  In the meantime the gym is “wall to wall” with basketball campers again this week, while the quiet drama camp also is in session in the theatre.", Coach Dru Joyce and the Boys Basketball Team bounced into camp yesterday.  Good luck and thank you to all the campers!, Hannah Roberts, Valedictorian of the Class of 2012, not only hits the books but also writes music.  Hannah composed this tune for all of our US troops.  Please take a look and listen to her You Tube video: 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3luv7JflFZ8, Parents, students, staff:
We want pictures of the STVM community doing great things this summer! Please feel free to post pictures of your students or alumni doing something Irish this summer. Post directly to this page or please email them to stvmnews@stvm.com. Happy posting!, Great news from the Alumni page!, STVM Chinese teacher,Tamula Drumm and a few of our students are participating in the STARTALK 2012 program at Kent State University. Melanie Mohlar and Paul Wilson are studying Chinese. Paul will be participating in another STARTALK program in Idaho in August.

Alexander Morley is participating in the Arabic language study program. 
Here is a direct link to Mrs. Drumm's fantastic album:
https://picasaweb.google.com/115919879161125138201/STARTALK2012Students?authkey=Gv1sRgCO74kMiuvOPVaA&feat=email#, Even though it is summer, do not forget to keep up to date with DynaCal.  DynaCal is our master school calendar for all STVM events.  On our website, http://www.stvm.com/, and click on the gold "calendar" tab., Summer vacation means service to others to many of our students.  Last week a group of our students and alumni joined other local folks on a mission trip through the Appalachia Service Project.  Irish proud!, Help Support the STVM 93 Cents for Flight 93 Fundraiser - Let's Roll Bowling Fundraiser

STVM students have started a new club - 93 Cents for Flight 93. On Friday, July 27, they will be holding a bowling fundraiser at The Fast Lane Bowling Alley & Party Center in Barberton. Here are more details: 

The Fast Lane Bowling Alley & Party Center 
193 Wooster Rd. North, Barberton OH 44203, Camp Irish is busier than ever this week.  Here is a list of all the camps happening this week at STVM:
Here is what started today:
Drama Camp
Technology Camp
Boys Wrestling Camp

Tomorrow:
Boys Basketball Camp
AED & CPR

There are still more camps to sogn up for!  Follow this link for more: http://www.stvm.com/athletics/summer_camps.php, Even though it is summer vacation our students are out in the community representing St. Vincent-St. Mary.  Our Fighting Irish marching band was busy performing at Holy Family Parish in Stow this weekend.  Our Irish musicians do us proud whenever they perform.  Great job !, New Schedule Packet Pick Up:
Tuesday, June 26 & Wednesday, June 27 from 9-3 including lunch time, students or parents can pick up the 2012-2013 schedule and informational packets in the student center. This material WILL NOT be mailed but will continue to be available in the Headmaster’s Office all summer., Attention current students and parents:
Today is the last day that student schedules for next school year will be available in the Student Center.  After today, they will be moved to the Attendance Office for pick up.

Please pass along the word!, In the Fall of 1972, the two oldest Catholic high schools, St. Mary and St. Vincent, in Akron merged to form St. Vincent-St. Mary High School.  We are celebrating our 40th anniversary on October 27, 2012.  Please come and join us at the celebration.  More infomation about this event will be published as the summer rolls on., Attention fellow Fighting Irish Family:

Want to learn a little more about STVM tradition and history?

Scroll to the bottom of this page and catch up on your STVM history.  You may be suprised to know that we have been around since 1897.  Check it out., Do you have a Twitter account?

Do you follow @STVMHS?

Want to follow @STVMATHLETICS, the football team, baseball team, or girls basketball team?

Click on the link to see what other STVM programs have Twitter accounts: http://www.stvm.com/parentinfo/stvm_twitter.php, On behalf of the whole STVM family community, we would like to bid farewell to our Dean of Students, Mr. Burke Stephens V62.  

We were so fortunate to have an alum who led by example and did a job well done.  His love for this school is apparent and we wish you the best of luck during your retirement.  Come back and see us!, Bring your bike to Summer PE day!
Incoming freshmen round up their bikes for a day of Hike & Bike at Summer PE!, Matthew Kauffman was a young manwith a great creative vision. Whether as asmall boy in Overland Park, Kansas,making huge sand cities, or as a studentcompleting elaborate Roman busts,
bridge competition entries, or a scalemodel of Noah's Ark, Matt was definitely abuilder! Matt graduated from St. Vincent-St. Mary in 1997 as Salutatorian. He enjoyed the challenge of rigorous
academics including five AdvancedPlacement courses his senior year. LatinClub, Math Team, JETS, and NationalHonor Society were some of his manyextracurricular activities. Matt played soccer and ran cross-country and track at STVM. His work ethic and discipline were incredible! Matt loved collecting comics and G.I. Joe action figures, going to movies, watching WWF wrestling, listening to alternative music, and launching the model rockets he often designed and built. Although quiet, Matt was a loyal friend, and rarely turned anyone down who asked for help. He often rescued his grade school principal and teachers who needed computer help. Matt also worked as a summer janitor's assistant.
Matt passed away during his sophomore year at The Ohio State University. To honor his memory, the Matt Kauffman Memorial Scholarship at STVM was established in 1998. The proceeds from this race support Matt's scholarship for students with excellent academics and extracurricular involvement.
Here is a copy of the race application:, Tune in tonight to "The Late Show with David Letterman."  LeBron James, VM03, will be making his 5th appearance on the show.  Air time is 11:35 on CBS., Follow us on Twitter @STVMHS, Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster

"St. Vincent - St. Mary High School congratulates and is proud of its Class of 2003 graduate LeBron James.  His outstanding performance in the NBA as an individual and a team player is matched by no other.  While his accomplishments are overwhelming in the sports world, it is of no surprise to those of us who knew him in high school.  Even as a teenager his work ethic, strength, and determination was far beyond his years.  
We are proud of LeBron's role as a player, a father to his two sons, a businessman, and are thankful for his Foundation's continuous generosity to his community.  Congratulations, LeBron!", STVM graduate achieves basketball greatness!

On behalf of the whole STVM community, we would like to congratulate LeBron James, STVM Class of 2003, and the rest of the Miami Heat on their 121-106 NBA Championship victory over the Oklahoma City Thunder.  Last night, LeBron’s 26 points, 11 rebounds, and 13 assist performance added to his already dominating play in the NBA Finals.  This, along with his other four spectacular performances, helped LeBron to achieve yet another extraordinary accomplishment.  At the game’s end, James was named the Bill Russell NBA Finals MVP.  Congratulations LeBron!, "Not to brag, but we have beat Walsh and Hoban, academically that is.  On a per capita basis, our graduating class had more accepted into their first choice colleges, and they received more college money in the form of scholarships and grants.  The average for each student was higher than the other schools’ graduating classes again this year."

"We may be small (and we like it that way) but we are mighty!", Upcoming weekend events:

Come and support STVM’s International Thespian Society (I.T.S.)
When: June 23, 2012
Time: 11:30 a.m. – 2:30 p.m.
Where: Donato’s Pizza
1710 State Road
Cuyahoga Falls, OH 44223, The West Side Leader had a great article about STVM13 Kirsten Linnen.  Kirsten is an honor student and will be entering her senior year. STVM has a home bred ballerina headed for NYC in their midst, check out her write up:, STVM03 grad, Frank Freeman, and members of his band, The Strange Familiar, came to STVM to perform live for our students last school year.  Their story is riveting and their drive to succeed is off the charts.  Watch their story as they travel from STVM to other local grade schools around the Akron area.  IHM, Sacred Heart, St. Hilary, Revere Middle School, just to name a few.  Happy viewing and congratulations to The Strange Familiar on their success!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a9Wd8Nvz7YQ&feature=youtu.be, The improvements are under way early into summer vacation.  Freshmen football players arrive early before summer gym to help the preparations of installing new carpet on the top floor of the academic area., Need to check out your summer reading list? There is a link on our homepage in the top right corner. Check it out at : www.stvm.com, Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster

"In addition to the 301 honor roll students, we also had 148 on merit roll the final 9-week grading period.  With 133 achieving perfect attendance in that same period, it is high achievement that was the  benchmark for the student body.   Congratulations to all of them.", Jean is and always will be our JEWEL!

The STVM family would like to send a special congratulations to Jean Staudt. Her generosity to STVM has opened the door for many students to not only receive a Catholic education, but to also to be a part of the STVM experience. We cannot begin to express what she means to STVM, thank you Jean!

Jean Ahern Staudt V40 was honored as a Crown Jewel of Our Community at the Ninth Annual Leave A Legacy Voices of Giving Event held at Portage Country Club on June 14, 2012. Jean was recognized for her legacy gift to the St. Vincent-St. Mary High School Endowment and to our students through the endowed Robert C. Staudt Memorial Scholarship which has provided scholarships to many deserving students since the early 1990s. Through this perpetual legacy gift, Mrs. Staudt provides important support for her alma mater and its students. Leave A Legacy Summit Portage Medina promotes planned and legacy giving. Each year Leave A Legacy honors donors who make a significant difference in the lives that come after them., Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster

"Congratulations to some 301 students who made Honor Roll again for the 4th grading period.  They are hard working teenagers, whose parents have given them many gifts and advantages.  That spells “success.”, Every sophomore Summer PE student successfully passed their CPR & AED Training., Summer PE students get certified in AED & CPR Training., Strength & Conditioning Coach, Mr. Anthony Gary, guides sophomores through some yoga and ab routines during Summer PE., Incoming sophomores practice their chest  compressions before their quiz., Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster

"Some 113 students had perfect attendance the last grading period of the school year.  That shows dedication and also good health!", It was silly hat day today at STVM Band Camp.  Band Director, Mr. Brian Campbell and a few of the campers practice a few notes during their second day of camp., The majority of our Class of 2015 became official sophomores yesterday morning as they began their summer physical education class. They will be experiencing many life-long sports in the summer outdoor settings.

The newest members of the STVM student body also came to their first class yesterday afternoon as members of the Class of 2016. They will return in August already having made many new friends and “knowing the ropes” around the school., Summer building hours have been posted.  Check them out: http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=660&section=parentinfo, Check out the picture scroll on our website.  New pictures have been added since graduation.  Do you see anyone you know?
http://www.stvm.com/, The Class of 2016 gather for their first high school experience. Summer PE is in session., The Class of 2016 gather for their first high school experience. Summer PE is in session., Summer PE schedule:
Sophomores 9-12
Incoming Freshmen 1-4., The new sophomore class gathers for their first day of summer gym.  Summer has begun!, Bookstore hours during the month of June: Monday and Wednesday 8:30-1:00 and Tuesday and Thursday 10:30-3:00. Closed Fridays.  Reopens August 13 with same hours., STVM students, have a safe summer.  We will see you back on top of the hill on August 20., The STVM family would like to wish all of our Cleveland Catholic Diocese Schools a safe and restful summer.  See you in August!, The "rigors" of taking final exams are one more way we prepare our students for the college experience.  Being a "college preparatory" high school is not just about the classes and the teachers. It is also about learning all the processes and all the standards for success.  So, until the very last bell on the very last day--today--our students are all about academics., Great article posted on SportInk about out girls Track&Field State Title last weekend. 
http://www.sportsink.com/259/5144/st.-v-m-girls-win-state-championship-boys-place-second/Default.aspx, MODEL UN BREAKING NEWS:
Every year, on the behalf of Mr. Henri Pell Junod Jr., the Cleveland Council on World Affairs gives out three $1,000 academic scholarships to students who participate in one or more of the three Cleveland Council on World Affairs’ Model United Nations simulations (Cleveland Fall, Lorain Fall, or Cleveland Spring). Students must submit an essay on the overarching theme of this school year’s conference, “The Four Freedoms,” along with a letter of recommendation from their advisor.

We are pleased to announce that STVM junior, Nick Neill has won one of the three scholarships. Congratulations NICK!!, Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster

"On behalf of the STVM family community, our condolences and prayers go to the Brunswick High School families and community in their losses.  We can only begin to understand the devastated feelings involved after such a tragic accident.  God be with you."

St. V-M students start their three days of exams to finish their school year.  Many were seen in the student center early this morning in “cram mode” as they studied together and quizzed each other., Today is the first day of final exams.  Follow the link on our website to view the schedule: http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=650&section=parentinfo, Camp Irish, summer enrichment camps, is just around the corner.  It is easy to sign up!  Click here:http://www.stvm.com/athletics/summer_camps.php

Acacemic, athletic, technological, arts, drama, social, we have it all at Camp Irish.  Come and join us!, The Class of 2013 is pretty impressive, The results are in: 
Girls win State!!! Girls win State!

Boys finish 2nd!

Congratulations to the Track&Field program for an amazing end to an already amazing season!, 4x100 win State! Congrats Boys!, null, Congratulations to senior, Megan Tomei for finishing 2nd in shot put today at State!

She also finished 5th in discus., null, Want updates on the State Track&Field competition?

Follow the Athletic Department on Twitter: https://twitter.com/#!/STVMATHLETICS

Keep in mind, you do not have to have a Twitter account to read our tweets!, Rathz and Raves:
A message from our Headmaster

Best wishes to our terrific graduating class of 2012.  The Baccalaureate Mass last evening was a beautiful experience for everyone at St. Bernard-St. Mary.  The music, homily, petitions, and the Salutatorian's relfection were all most memorable., Congratulations to the girls 4X800 relay team finishing 1st at State!  

Congratulations to the boys 4X800 relay team finishing 1st at State!, ATTENTION!
Please go to http://t.co/PVnm2TyT and vote for STVM senior, Matt Matuska, for Athlete of the Year!, Tomorrow night is a night our seniors will never forget.  Throwing a green or gold cap through the air marks the beginning of an end.

Graduation is held at The University of Akron's E.J Thomas Hall.  Commencement begins at 7:30., Good luck to our boys and girls Track&Field teams at State today!  Bring home to gold., In case you have missed the ABJ write ups this week about our Track&Field. 
http://www.ohio.com/sports/high-school/high-school-notebook-st-v-m-senior-megan-tomei-set-to-throw-at-division-ii-state-meet-while-large-cast-of-teammates-run-1.310477, http://www.ohio.com/news/top-stories/high-school-track-and-field-st-v-m-runs-to-state-as-division-ii-regional-champions-1.309900, OHSAA Division II Track and Field State Championships
Jesse Owens Stadium at the Ohio State University

Friday June 1
Field Events at 9:30am
4x800m Relay Finals at 1:30pm
All Semi-Finals at 2:00pm

Saturday June 2
Field Events at 9:00am
Track Event Finals at 1:00pm, Both boys and girls teams are off to State this year.  Can we double dip?

Listen to coach, Dan Lancianese as he sends off his competitors.  The banners above him are the State Track banners from last year. Go Irish!, Congratulations to senior, Ryan Bennett, and junior, Jack Hurley on their Student Council At-Large election win.  Bennett will be the At-Large President and Hurley the At-Large Vice President.  Congrats!, Students gave their speeches today for Student Council elections.  Who will win?, Model UN "arguably" one of the best!
Members of St. Vincent-St. Mary High School's Model United Nations Team recently learned an empowering lesson — strength doesn't always come in numbers or from deep pockets.

In the last 9 months, the team competed in the Fall, Winter and Spring conferences including conferences at Case western Reserve University, Cleveland State university and Lorain Community College. Where the 12 member Team debated with more than 500 other high-school students from nearly 45 different High schools from Northeast Ohio. 

STVM students also took it upon themselves to raise all the funds needed to compete this year at the conferences having Bakes sales and selling poinsettias at Christmas.  And though much of STVM High's competition came from larger public and private institutions, the small team from Akron, emerged victorious, winning the highest percentage of awards per number of team members.

To ensure they would be ready for this years conferences, the team began preparing last summer — poring over information, writing essays and each of the delegates had a responsibility to represent their country views as accurately as possible, putting aside its members' own convictions

Our students at STVM did extremely well this year walking away with 14 awards.  But perhaps even more glorious than the awards are the invaluable skills students gained from the experience.
"It's a very mind-expanding experience," and in addition to learning about their assigned country and the functions of the United Nations, students learn about professionalism and how to articulate conflict resolution,compromise and cooperation.
STVM’s success at the conferences is in part, to students' focus and determination.

The students hope their awards and positive experiences will serve as a testament to the value of the STVM Model United Nations Team and help to preserve it well into the future., Class of 2007 class mural., Class of 2000 class mural, Oh the weather we are having high a top a hill in Akron., BREAKING NEWS! The Alumni Association has launched ALUMNI only apparel.  Whether you are a St. Mary, St. Vincent, or STVM grad, you can purchase sjackets, shirts, and/or sweatshirts flaunting your alma mater.  Check out their site and order yours today!
http://www.co-store.com/stvmalumni, Did you know, last year we had 4 National Merit Scholars in our graduating class?  Check out this video, and you will know WHY!
http://www.stvm.com/admissions/your_future_begins_here.php, Check out our website, http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=653&section=parentinfo, for a full recap, including results,  from Track&Field Regionals.  We're moving, moving, straight to State, we're moving straight to State!! Go Irish!, Whole student body is away at Cedar Point today.  Let's hope this rain hasn't hit them yet., Boys Regional Champions!, Girls Regional Champions!, STVM Track&Field racking up the regional final titles! Boys 4x100 win! Bickley, Campbell, Fitzgerald, and Matuska bring it home!, Senior, Megan Tomei, advances to State in shot and discus today!  Finished 1st in shot and 3rd in discus.  Congrats Megan! State bound! Go Irish, Boys Track&Field 4x200 sets new stadium record at Regionals.  Bickley, Campbell, Bishoff, and Matuska are State Bound!  New stadium record is 1:27.27. Go Irish, The student parking lot is a little empty without our seniors. Good luck to all of you, Class of 2012., Track & Field runs away with another win at Districts. Girls and Boys win and rack up the points at Poland Seminary. The Cleveland Plain Dealer even took notice. Here is what they have to say: http://highschoolsports.cleveland.com/news/article/-4732616670391923835/talent-runs-deep-for-st-vincent-st-marys-district-champions-girls-track-insider-west/, Camp Irish, STVM summer enrichment camps, is starting to rev its engine.  Is your student Rushin' to learn some Russian?  Do they need CPR & AED training?  Do they want to further their photography talents?  Or do they need a little push athletically?

You are in luck!  STVM offers 25 summer enrichment camps where your student can supplement their already stellar talents.  Academics, athletics, music and band, art, technology, drama, athletic training, foriegn language, dance, drama, photography, and how to survive in high school (girls only) are camp to better your student.  These camps are run by STVM teachers and coaches along with their students and athletes.  

Check out the link to learn more: http://www.stvm.com/athletics/summer_camps.php, Exam schedule has been published, click here; http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=650&section=parentinfo, Campaigns for Student Council and Class Representatives heat up.  Elections are at lunch for the 2012-2013 school year.  Who will win the at-large bid?  Wait and see..., Sign up for DynaCal and recieve school calendar updates via text message on your cell phone.  You are the first to know of game cancellations and it keeps you up to date on school events.

Do it today at http://www.dynacal.com/stvm/MyDynaCal.asp?T=P, The St. Vincent-St. Mary Track & Field team compete in the OHSAA Regional Tournament starting today with the preliminaries. The regional tournament is held at Bedford High School. Today’s field events start at 4:00pm and the running events start at 4:30pm. The regional championships will be on Saturday May 26th at Bedford High School. On Saturday the field events start at 11:30am and the running events start at 12:30pm., Rathz and Raves
A Message from our Headmaster:

"We are so proud of our student council for donating $1,930 this morning to the special project “93 cents for Flight 93” as a result of the fundraising conducted at Easter time this year.  The Director of the project came to school and accepted the check on our live TV announcements.  The Beacon Journal will write a cover story next week on our fundraising efforts and our new student club to continue these activities."

"On behalf of STVM faculty and staff, I would like to bid farewell to the Class of 2012.  May your new chapter be as bright as the one you are leaving behind.  Enjoy this last day and good luck."

-Dave Rathz, Every graduating class paints a mural in honor of their class.  Class murals have been a tradition since 2000.  In every stair well,    members of each graduating class have turned their memories and love for STVM into a true work of art.  This morning, the Class of 2012 unveiled their mural.  Can you spot their memories in this underwater work of art?, Don't FORGET!
Athletic Trainer, Brian Knight, along with his SUMMA Health Systems team,  is holding sports physicals in the Cosgrove Center tonight.  Boys line starts at 6:00 and girls line starts at 6:45.  Doors close at 7! Cost is $20.

OSHAA RULE: No one can participate in a sport until they are cleared by a physician.  Get it out of the way now.

Current 6th, 7th, and 8th graders welcome., Today, STVM Class of 2003 and member of the FAB 5, Romeo Travis, paid a visit to his alma mater during his break from playing professional basketball overseas.  We love seeing any alum walk through our doors again.  We wish Romeo the best of luck!, The Cleveland Plain Dealer has a nice overview of the Track & Field Districts coming up tomorrow.  Click here to see what they say about our Track team!  (Scroll to Division II- Bedford)
http://highschoolsports.cleveland.com/news/article/-4282538277524040778/ohsaa-track-and-field-scouting-the-northeast-ohio-boys-and-girls-regional-tournaments/, Today's Senior Week theme is "Dress like your parents.", Dean of Students, Mr. Burke Stevens (pictured in center), a graduate of The University of Akron, gathers with future U of A grads.  Everyone loves college sweatshirt day!, Don't forget!!
Tomorrow is physical pre participation screenings in the Cosgrove Center for all who plan on playing a sport during the 2012-2013 STVM school year.  Current 6th, 7th, and 8th graders from area schools are welcome.  There is a $20 charge for the physical.  Follow link for necessary forms and times: http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=646&section=parentinfo, Senior girls show off their college selections!, Senior boys show off a few more college selections.  Second year in a row for Harvard! Go Iish!, Today's theme is college sweatshirt day!  Where do you go to college?, STVM has 3 students and 1 faculty member who have been accepted into the STARTALK at Kent State this summer:
Hannah Fisher
Melanie Mohlar
Alexander Morley
Mandarin Chinese Teacher, Mrs. Tamula Drumm

“It has been my experience that students who participate in this program complete the equivalent of 1 to 2 years of high school Chinese in one summer.” This is one of the many benefits Mandarin Chinese Teacher, Tamula Drumm, described when asked about STARTALK. 

Here is a description of STARTALK from their website:
STARTALK is the newest of the component programs of the National Security Language Initiative (NSLI) announced by former President Bush in January of 2006. The initiative seeks to expand and improve the teaching and learning of strategically important world languages that are not now widely taught in the US. 
STARTALK’s mission is to increase the number of Americans learning, speaking, and teaching critical need foreign languages by offering students (K–16) and teachers of these languages creative and engaging summer experiences that strive to exemplify best practices in language education and in language teacher development, forming an extensive community of practice that seeks continuous improvement in such criteria as outcomes-driven program design, standards-based curriculum planning, learner-centered approaches, excellence in selection and development of materials, and meaningful assessment of outcomes.

Follow this link to learn more about STARTALK: http://startalk.umd.edu/about, 2008 STVM grad, Emily Gaffney, has recieved some exciting news.  Follow the link to learn about her NBC/ JCU Meet the Press fellowship: http://sites.jcu.edu/newsroom/2012/05/18/cn-editor-awarded-meet-the-press-fellowship/, Just in case you missed tonight's band concert., Junior, Hannah Fisher, has chosen to further her Chinese education this summer.  She has been accepted to participate in a Chinese government sponsored immersion camp in China this summer., null, This week's list of events:
Tonight: Band Concert 7:00pm in gym
Tuesday: college sweatshirt day 
Wednesday: Senior Banquet 6:00pm in Student Center
Thursday: Senior Farewell Mass 10:45am in gym
Friday: SENIORS LAST DAY, This week's list of events:
Tonight: Band Concert 7:00pm in gym
Tuesday: college sweatshirt day 
Wednesday: Senior Banquet 6:00pm in Student Center
Thursday: Senior Farewell Mass 10:45am in gym
Friday: SENIORS LAST DAY and, Tomorrow is college sweatshirt day!

Where do/did our alums go to college?  What sweatshirt would you wear? Fill us in..., 5 STVM seniors show off today's theme.  Yep you guessed it- it's beach day! Surf's up!, This week marks the last school week for STVM seniors.  Each day has a special theme, which was decided by the senior class.  What will be today's theme? Does anyone remember the themes for their last week of school?, What a beautiful weekend for Prom.  All of our students looked gorgeous as they participated in Promenade and Prom. Thank you to all who helped coordinate these amazing events.  Slamma Jamma/Afterprom was a great way to end the evening.  The prizes were spectacular. Everyone walked away with something and ten people shared the top prizes.  A $150 Live nation gift certificate, an I pad, a 26" flat screen/DVD combo, A Vera Bradley set with gift certificates to Francesca and American Eagle, a dorm fridge, $150 gift card to Chipotle, Cedar Point tickets with dinner and gas cards,a Game Stop package, and more.  Thank you to Mrs. Erin Faetanini for chairing and to all our very generous parents for donating., Exciting weekend at STVM- Promenade, Prom, Afterprom,and  District Track finals. Below is a link to the track results.  Go Irish!!!, Can you see Nick Neill’s name on this sign?  More than 1,500 students from 70 countries, regions and territories assembled in Pittsburgh’s David L. Lawrence Convention Center, to participate in the opening of the 2012 Intel International Science and Engineering Fair (Intel ISEF).  Good Luck Nick!, Look at all of these Scholastic Award winners. Congrats!, STVM alumni law enforcement officials, below pictured with SADD faculty advisor, Ms. Merrylou Windhorst,  came back to their alma mater to participate in our annual Prom Promise, hosted by the members of SADD.  This year's program highlighted the negative effects of "Distracted Driving.", Did you know?
STVM offers 4 Foreign Languages available for study?
               Mandarin Chinese, Russian, French, and Spanish
Click here to view our course description book (scroll to page 15 for Foreign Languages): http://www.stvm.com/files/pdf/academics/course_of_study_booklet.pdf, STVM would like to congratulate the softball team and first year head coach, Kortney Harmon, on finishing their spring season.  Yet another strong softball season under our belt.  Great job ladies!, District schedule for Track & Field, Districts for Tennis, Baseball Brackets, Our very own Nick Neill, a junior here at STVM, won the grand champion prize at the Northeastern Ohio Science and Engineering Fair.  Nick earned the opportunity to participate in the "olympics of science fairs", the 2012 Intel International Science and Engineering Fair (Intel ISEF), in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Nick will be representing his project "The Effect of Carbohydrate Base on Polymer Wound/Burn Applicant With Varying Levels of Polyethylene Glycol Diacrylate” on May 13th-18th., Click here, http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=648&section=parentinfo, to learn about how our STVM Science Inquiry Team brought home to Harold C. Shaw Award from their State competition at The Ohio State University.  This award is given to the school with atleast 4 students who have above an 80% superior rating from all of them.  Pretty impressive!, The STVM homepage has many new features.  Go to www.stvm.com and check out the icons on the top right.  Like us on Facebook, follow us on Twitter, or even click on the graduation hat and view a calendar of upcoming May and June events.  Prom, Graduation, final exams, just to name a few., The Choral Concert explains exactly what we have going on at STVM.  We truly are one big family., Symphonic Choir belting out an Irish Melody! It's all happening now at the Spring Choral Concert!, Brian Knight, STVM Athletic trainer, along with his Summa Health System team of medical experts will hold athletic pre-participation screenings for the 2012-2013 school year. Current, 6th, 7th, and 8th grade school students from any local school are welcome to participate. 

On May 23, 2012 boys are to get in line for their physicals from 6:00-6:45 in the Cosgrove Center and the girl’s line for physicals will start at 6:45. Doors close at 7:00 with no admittance after that. Physicals cost $20 per student. Parents are strongly encouraged to attend with their student(s). 

A dentist (mouthguards) and a Breg Bracing agent (knee and ankle braces) will also be on site. If you choose this service, there will be an extra fee. 

Follow this link for the required forms:
 http://www.stvm.com/news/article.php?id=646&section=parentinfo, STVM Rocket Team makes NATIONAL news.  A parent caught this image on their TV during a CBS Sunday morning broadcast over the weekend.  A Top 20 National finish and headline news, we truly are blessed! GO IRISH!, "High atop a hill in Akron," STVM seniors enjoy their last few days as high school students.  Only seniors allowed to eat outside in the Spring.  Seniors on top!, "High atop a hill in Akron," STVM seniors enjoy their last few days as high school students.  Only seniors allowed to eat outside in the Spring.  Seniors on top!, SADD board member, moderator/ teacher Ms. Merrylou Windhorst, and the president of SADD, pose in front of the Prom Promise poster.  The assembly is Wednesday and will instruct students on the negative consequences of "Distracted Driving.", Calling all STVM Juniors and Seniors!, Everyone has a talent! STVM Talent Show in the Theater tonight at 7:30.  It is a night not to be missed!, Scroll to the bottom of our page to view our school history.  I bet you may learn a few new things about STVM.  Let us know what you may have learned!, Want to see Team Delta on the TARC National Leader Board? Click here to LAUNCH the list! http://www.rocketcontest.org/pdf/TARC_2012_Results.pdf, Did you know?
The morning announcements can be read every day online? Click here to catch up on some daily news: http://www.dynacal.com/stvm/EventDetail.asp?ED=11826587, "Dance Until The World Ends"
Promenade, Prom and Slamma Jamma Schedule:
5:00-5:45: arrive at John Cistone Field for informal photos with family and friends. (In the event of rain, we will assemble in the Student Center).  Prom couples and groups, please sign in at the sign in table so that you can be formally announced in the procession.
5:45-6:00: Promenade line-up.  
6:00-6:30 Promenade Procession begins.
6:30-6:45 departure for the Portage Country Club
This is a free event for the students, families and friends of STVM.
7:00-11:00 Prom – Portage Country Club
11:30 p.m. Slamma Jamma sign in.  Dressing rooms will be available for guys and girls.  Clothes will be bagged and tagged.
3:30 a.m. Slamma Jamma ends., Team Delta finishes 20th at TARC Nationals! The Irish Rocket Team is officially ranked in the nation! Congratulations Delta!, Team Delta finishes 24th in the Nation at TARC. Congratulations to Team Delta on their extraordinary finish!, null, Team Delta advances to the finals.  First time ever for the IRISH. Competition begins at 3., Follow @RocketContest on Twitter for the latest on Rocket Nationals, Rocket Team Update: Team Delta has moved to 5th place after 26 teams have launched.  Top 10 finishers will compete internationally at an air show!, May 11, 2012: ESPN announced that St. Vincent-St. Mary High School Class of 2003 graduate LeBron James, below pictured at his 2010 MVP ceremony which was held at The University of Akron's JAR Arena, has been named the NBA's 2012 Most Valuable Player. This will be LeBron's third MVP crown in his short nine year career. While STVM is proud of LeBron's many accomplishments as, arguably, one of the world's greatest athletes, we are equally as proud of his continued generosity to the City of Akron through the LeBron James Family Foundation. Congratulations, LeBron. You will always be Irish 23 in our hearts!, Members of Team Alpha and Delta gather at Rocket Team Nationals, just outside of D. C, while they have a break from launching. Team Delta is currently in 2nd place after they shot a 19 this morning! Go Irish!, Have a fabulous weekend!  GO and support the Fighting Irish at a ball field or track, or come into STVM and see the encore presentation of "Singin' in the Rain"  Have a green and gold weekend everyone!, Follow us on Twitter @STVMHS, Rocket Team Takes Off!
Today, 32 members of the STVM Rocket Team travel to The Plains, VA (just outside of Washington, D.C.) for The Team America Rocketry Challenge (TARC), the world's largest rocket contest.  TARC is sponsored by the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) and the National Association of Rocketry (NAR).  Two of the STVM teams, Team Alpha and Delta, will compete for a chance to be the nation’s best in high school rocketry.  If they finish in the top 10, they could win a chance to attend an international air show .   Teams Alpha and Delta are two of the elite one hundred teams in the United States who qualified for this nationwide event. This is the 3rd year in a row that STVM has sent teams to the national finals and the 6th time we have been a contender in the contest’s 10 years of existence. Just weeks ago, Team Alpha shot the lowest score in school history.  Yesterday at the send off rally, coach and teacher, Mr. Bob Engels, said that this venture is only possible through the support of Mr. Pete Piglia and Mr. Gary Pitman of National Machine.  National Machine is a machinery company owned and operated by Pete Piglia, STVM supporter and St. Vincent Class of 1956.  Pete and Gary have supported  our rocket program since its inception in 2002 and have been the driving force behind their success.  Good luck to the STVM Rocket Teams, Alpha and Delta, may you soar to victory! http://www.rocketcontest.org/, The STVM Baseball team takes on Woodridge for the Sectional crown today at 4:30 at Patterson Park. Follow our baseball team https://twitter.com/#!/STVMBaseball for post game updates, Tonight, senior softball players, Daugherty and Farrell (pictured), will play for the last time in a green and gold uniform.  Gametime is at 5:00 at Patterson Park.  The Lady Irish take on North High School., Today's athletic events:
OHSAA Baseball Sectional Final
STVM vs Woodridge
Patterson Park, 4:30pm

Varsity Softball Senior Night
STVM vs Akron North
Patterson Park, 5:00pm

Junior, Ben Moore is competing in the OHSAA District Championship Tennis Match today at 2:00pm at Orr Park in Orrville

Boys Track and Field is competing in the Walsh Jesuit Twi-Light Meet tonight at 7:00pm at Walsh Jesuit, LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICIALS BRING THEIR KNOWLEDGE BACK TO THEIR ALMA MATER!
With Prom just around the corner, SADD is behind the wheel on the "Information Highway".  STVM students are teaming up with alumni law enforcement officials to educate students on "Distracted Driving."  On Wednesday, May 16, 2012, an assembly will be held revealing just how dangerous texting and driving can be.  Students will attempt to drive and text with the help of simulated devices.  Wednesday through Friday at lunch students will then sign their promise not to make destructive decisions., Back by popular demand, Director Gerard Neary announces an encore performance of "Singin' in the Rain" for this Saturday night, May 12!, Watch Mr. Wattley put the first points on the board for the staff in the annual STVM Backcourt Classic!, For the first time in many years, the STVM Faculty beat the student team in their double overtime win in today’s Backcourt Classic basketball game.   Girls’ basketball coach Joe Jakubick put the faculty over the top with seconds left with one of his many three point buckets. Head baseball coach/history teacher Mr. Anthony Boarman sealed the deal with a quick two pointer at the buzzer.  Final score of the game was 40-35.  

Highlights from the annual game include chants from the student section encouraging Mr. Chris Salvatore to be put in the game, Mr. Dave Dages finally hit a three and Mr. Marcus Wattley, defensive coordinator/teacher grabbed numerous rebounds as his own linemen were crawling up his back.

CONGRATULATIONS STAFF!, .We were just singin', singin', in the rain!!!

Last weekend, STVM's very own, Leprechaun Theatre Guild, performed their Spring musical, "Singin' In the Rain." Taking place in the early 1920's, Don Lockwood and Lina Lamont were motion picture icons, until a little thing called a "talking picture" came along! 
Our STVM students stole the show with lovely voices, dancing, humor and theatrics. Not to mention, students were actually singing in the rain, they made it rain INSIDE!

Follow the link to see/read more!
http://akron.woio.com/news/arts-culture/75161-st-vincent-st-marys-singing-rain-weekend

What was your favorite STVM play?, null, Want to see more of our Spring musical pictures?  Follow this link to see them all: http://www.stvm.com/gallery/index.php?level=collection&id=5, Check out our Alumni Facebook page 
Click here: http://www.facebook.com/pages/St-Vincent-St-Mary-Alumni-official, Today is Teacher Appreciation Day!  Thank your teachers!  What teacher memories do you have?, null, 25 STVM senior athletes sign on the dotted line to play for the college of their choice.  Signing days are the beginning of the graduation season.  Have any exciting signing stories?, .Why STVM?
Watch a video about St. Vincent-St. Mary High School on WKYC's website. This video will run all year! Can you find your friend, colleague, son or daughter? "We know you will like what you see!"
http://my.datasphere.com/biz/st_vincent_st_mary_high_school-education_private_schools-akron_oh-12529842-70898
, null, null, null, null, null)