List(Throwback to January of 2009 when we were named "Best of the New"/"An Italian restaurant unlike any other in Boston" by the The Boston Globe, Arneis is both the name of a wine and the grape from which it is made. In the Piemontese dialect, the name means “little rascal” as it can be quite difficult to grow. 

The wines have a pale golden color with aromas of pear and apricot. They are bone dry and very crisp, best paired with light pasta or fish., Rotoni with an Amatriciana sauce, full of house-made guanciale, and shaved pecorino., Roasted sweet potato gnocchi, with a Friulian-style wild boar gulasch., We will be closed this evening. We apologize for any inconvenience and look forward to seeing much more or you this spring!, Quite the spread! Thanks for sharing!, We can't get enough of Chuck's childhood photos from Piedmont. Can you blame us?, Negroamaro is a red wine grape variety native to southern Italy. It is grown almost exclusively in Apulia and particularly in Salento, the peninsula which can be visualized as the “heel” of Italy. 

Negroamaro literally means 'black, bitter' and that more or less describes the grape. It is valued for its deep color, medium-full tannins and dark berryfruit flavors. The wines show characteristics of ground brown spices such as clove, cinnamon and allspice. Pair with pizza, pasta, antipasto, pepperonata and other stereo-typically southern Italian dishes., House-smoked sturgeon, with a salad of blood orange, shaved fennel, watercress, and a drizzle of saffron-infused olive oil., Crostata of local apples, cooked with honey & cardamom, and rosemary gelato., Two of Chef Draghi's famous rack of wild boar special are always better than one. Thanks for sharing!, Throwback to the summer of 2013 when our very own, Joan Johnson, was featured in this BostonGlobe.com article that's got us craving a nice bubbly glass of Lambrusco! It is the perfect day for one too!, Pinot Blanc and Pinot Bianco are two names for the same grape, but they produce markedly different wines. Blanc refers to grapes grown in France, Bianco comes from Italy.

The French versions, from Alsace, are musky and creamy-textured; those from Italy have zippier acidity, with pear or even soft citrus flavors. Pair with light foods like chicken breasts or flaky white fish in a simple sauce., Vitello crudo with lemon, capers, olive oil, a wild arugula, cherry tomato salad, and shaved parmigiano reggiano., Lobster risotto, with roasted lobster coral, fennel, saffron, and dragoncello., Did you know that razor clams can only be harvested by hand at the lowest tide of a full moon? Razors burrow vertically, often several feet, into deep, wet sand and only come to the surface to feed. There are only a few days out of each month that harvesters can even reach the razor clam beds which is why its wise to order this dish just about every time you see it available., Throwback to April of last year when we were named one of the 10 Best Italian Restaurants NOT in the North End by Thrillist alongside Coppa Enoteca Ostra Boston Nebo Restaurant - Pallotta Sisters Pastoral - ARTisan Pizza, Kitchen & Bar Anchovies Posto Restaurant dante Sorellina Boston & Sportello, Barbaresco is one of the great wines of Piedmont. Similar to its more famous sibling Barolo, Barbaresco is made from 100% Nebbiolo and shares its cult status as one of the finest wines in the world. Barbaresco is characterized by its rich, spicy flavors and perfumed sweetness.

Barbarescos make great food wines, pairing especially well with equally rich foods. Piedmont is the home of white truffles, rissottos, and many a mushroom. The blend of earthy and floral aromas in the wine add complexity to these foods. Meats also figure heavily into Piedmontese cuisine and make another strong match for the region's heavily tannic wines., Agnolotti, filled with ricotta, lemon, and herbs, in a rich chicken broth, with shaved parmigiano reggiano, and black truffles., Herd-roasted organic pork loin with butternut squash mostarda., Throwback to this January 2012 write up in Harvard Magazine 
"The chef spent his childhood summers in Piedmont (where the white Erbaluce grape is grown) and, lucky for us, he keeps close to those aesthetic and sensuous roots in all that he creates.", Cortese or "Gavi" has a long history in Italian viticulture with written documentation naming the grape among the plantings in Piedmontese vineyards as early as 1659. It is noted for its bone-dry character and crisp, flinty and fresh acidity, coming from the mineral-rich soils of the area.

Apple, peach and honeydew flavors are commonly associated with Cortese, with lime, almond and light herbal or grassy aromas. Pair with oysters, crab, lobster, shrimp, even sushi., Veal short rib braised with white wine, lemon, fennel, marjoram, and capers., Razor clams steamed Trieste-style, with a Friulano wine, green peppercorn, fennel, thyme broth, julienned leeks, and crostoni., Chocolate and hazelnut pâté with local strawberries marinated in balsamico and rosewater., Throwback to December of 2008, when the Boston Phoenix was still around to published one of our very first reviews.

"Erbaluce is going to attract foodies, because Draghi finally has a room that doesn't undersell or distract from his cuisine.", The blaufränkisch grape is grown mostly in Austria, where it produces inviting, spicy, juicy reds. The wines are beautifully balanced with smoky fruit flavors, winning textures and a rippling acidity that makes them seem juicy, savory and refreshing all at once.

In the vineyard, Blaufrankisch buds early, ripens late and delivers generous yields. The wines have strong acidity and moderate tannins. The pair well with rich, grilled foods like venison, lamb and pheasant dishes, even goulash, lightly spiced sausage and mushroom risotto., We love the theater crowd & always appreciate a metion from Zagat, Whole sea scallop (with roe & bib) roasted in its shell with a relish of yellow peppers, gold cherry tomatoes, capers, saffron, and mint., Another photo submitted by one of our many wonderful guests. 
Broiled fluke fillet with a celery puree and meyer lemon., Throwback to January of 2012 when Rob was behind the bar and these three delicious concoctions were on the drink list., Verduzzo is a white grape from northeastern Italy, grown particularly in the Friuli and Veneto regions. Verduzzo is used to produce both sweet and dry wines. The sweet wines, which tend to be held in high regard are often referred to as Romandolo. They are golden in color and made by fermenting semi-dried grapes. 

Verduzzo is a great food wine. It cries out for foods like prosciutto-wrapped figs, or pears with warm blue cheese. It has the texture and creamy richness to go with the likes of veal and  quail and its robust and slightly spicy nature gives it the power to be matched even with mild curries., Just one of many fantastic shots from our wonderful guests this past weekend. We're so glad you chose to spend your Valentine's Day with us!, "Its meandering little lanes and rows of brownstones make sequestered Bay Village one of Boston's most adorable nooks. And you'll find it extra romantic once you've tucked inside chef Charles Draghi's understated and elegant Northern Italian restaurant. It's refined white-tablecloth dining with a sense of real romance — and not a hint of pretension." Zagat, Looking forward to lots of truffles, meringues, and photos of your favorite dishes this weekend! Share on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram &don't forget to tag us!, Throwback to Chef Draghi's childhood summers is Piedmont., Nero d'Avola (also known as Calabrese) is the most important and widely planted red wine grape variety in Sicily. For most of the 20th Century, it was used as a blending grape but by the turn of the 21st, the grape's fortunes had changed considerably, and it is now common to find Nero d'Avola produced as a varietal wine as well. 

The wines are known for superbly bold fruit-driven flavors that range from black cherry to prune, making them a great match for rich, smoky meats., cacio e pepe with truffled pecorino, and Winter black truffles, Sautéed wild trout fillet with pea tendrils and a Friulian-style apple, herb, and poppyseed yogurt dressing., Little known secret: Chef Draghi's cheese plate is a meal unto itself (and the perfect meal for a night like tonight)! Grab a seat at the bar, a glass of wine, and the ever-changing cheese plate for a truly unique dining experience., Throwback to September of 2010 and one of our very favorite responses from Chef Draghi in Haute Living New York

HL: What are your five favorite ingredients?
CD: Not necessarily the core ones which are most essential to my food, but the ones I most enjoy and make menu allowances for: saffron, all fresh herbs, but particularly lavender and marjoram (no other herbs remind me so vividly of the roads and fields around Salogni), honey, chocolate and Joan, as my dining companion, without whom nothing else has any savor., Pigato is one of those little-known Italian wines sommeliers love to surprise guests with. While it is genetically identical to Liguria’s trademark vermentino (and Piedmont’s favorita), it is unique in that it favors the earthy side of the flavor spectrum while carrying a bit more acidity and a touch more body. Pigato is inclined to have more pronounced saline notes, making it ideal for shrimp and other shellfish, grilled whole fish, and even sushi. #winewednesday, Our private dining room was recently featured in the Weddings issue of The Boston Globe Magazine 

It is a beautiful, bright room which seats up to fifty guests with a total standing capacity of seventy five. For more information, contact events@erbaluce-boston.com, Black Winter Truffle / Truffled Pecorino, We love receiving feedback from our guests, especially when that feedback comes in the form of photos! 

So, thank you to everyone who has shared and to those of you who haven't - don't be shy!, "Draghi’s father, a lawyer who was often pressed for time, flash-sauteed squid in olive oil and finished it with only salt, pepper, and lemon juice. His son, who turns out distinctive, primal Italian cuisine at Erbaluce, maximizes the flavor but keeps it equally simple."

The Boston Globe March 2011, Valpolicella is the most famous wine district in north-eastern Italy's Veneto wine region. It's not hard to understand why, given the easy-drinking appeal of regular red Valpolicella, coupled with the prestige of its powerful and intensely flavored counterpart Amarone della Valpolicella. 

The Valpolicella Blend is based on three indigenous red-wine grape varieties grown in Veneto. Corvina, Rondinella and Molinara are picked and pressed to make Valpolicella, and the same three varieties are dried slightly then pressed to make Amarone.

Valpolicella is a bright, tangy, fruity red with aromas of blueberries and banana, and the distinctive 'sour cherry' note found in so many northern Italian reds. Amarone is an intensely flavored dry red wine known for great depth and flavor concentration.
#winewednesday, Cauliflower roasted with sage, a fonduta of robiola, and a drizzle of bagna cauda., Parsnip gnocchi with a light porcini broth, sautéed chestnut mushrooms, shaved roasted chestnuts, and aged parmesan., Sautéed sea bass with spiced Swiss chard., Throwback to articles of New Years past
The Boston Globe 2014

"Some people head into the year resolved to eat healthier. Some vow to seek out new experiences. Others are simply too hung over to make sweeping life decisions. Whatever one’s outlook, a new year calls for meals with a fresh perspective. Here is a selection of restaurants at which to seek that out, whether for cleaner, lighter fare; flavors less encountered; or an inspired twist on a familiar cuisine.", Friulano is the flagship white wine of the Friuli region of Northern Italy. In international markets, pinot grigio and sauvignon blanc overshadow friulano due, in large part, to a recent European Union decree which forced Italian producers to stop using friulano's primary name, Tocai. 

Tocai Friulanos are light and fragrant wines known for being citrusy, floral and slightly bitter on the finish. They range from light and crisp to rich and full-bodied, but reliably exhibit an alluring perfume of pears. Friulano's acidity and texture make it a versatile food wine, pairing well with antipasti, fish, and poultry. Its classic pairing partner is Prosciutto San Daniele.

#Winewednesday, Olive oil and fresh bay leaf poached Scituate lobster, with a coral, saffron, and tarragon sauce., Turbot fillet stuffed with lettuce and herbs, celery pesto, and Meyer lemon., The perfect end to a perfect meal, "With its dim lighting, convenient Bay Village locale, and peerless carbonara pasta, Erbaluce has been a destination for occasion Italian dining since it opened in 2008. Perhaps less appreciated, however, is chef Charles Draghi’s separate, weeknight-friendly bar menu, where saucy boar meatballs topped with plumes of herbs, and thick prosciutto-and-fontina paninis pair well with an endless flow of lambrusco by the glass."  Boston Magazine, Vermentino is a light-bodied white wine that grows mostly in Italy on the island of Sardinia but also in Piedmont, Provence, southern France, and, more recently, California. As much as the wine has an affinity for seafood, the grape seems to thrive close to the sea.

A glass of classic Sardinian Vermentino will offer up lively aromas of pear, white peach, lime and pink grapefruit with subtle notes of crushed rocks and citrus zest. It is incredibly versatile - a brilliant wine pairing for anything fishy, herby or citrussy and great for summer sipping. #winewednesday, "This romantic, candle-lit Italian restaurant is the perfect precursor for a date at the theater, or for a stroll through the charming streets of Bay Village..." The Culture Trip, Lamb shanks braised in blackberry juice with juniper & lavender, roasted macomber turnips, and wilted turnip greens., A special addition to our regular dinner menu. Fresh caught lobster poached in olive oil with rosemary and a lobster coral sauce., Just last year (last month) we were named as one of the twenty best Italian restaurants in America in an article featured in the New York Post and we couldn't have done it without YOU! #throwbackthursday #tbt, Virtually synonymous with the red wines of Tuscany, Sangiovese is the core constituent in some of the great names in Italian wine. It is a bit of a chameleon; easily altering its genetics to fit the environment. There are many different mutations all over Italy, which result in very different tasting wines. From earthy and rustic to round and fruit-forward, Sangioveses almost always exhibit cherry flavors and subtle notes of tomato. 

Sangiovese is the only grape permitted in Brunello di Montalcino. It is the primary component in Chianti as well as many well known Super Tuscans. Sangiovese is extremely food-friendly and works in situations that can otherwise be difficult, like with dishes containing tomatoes or acidic tomato sauces. White beans, mushrooms, and grilled red meat are also excellent partners with Sangiovese. #winewednesday, Our two private dining rooms can accommodate groups ranging in size from 10-100 guests. We can also seat up to 175 guests in a full restaurant booking., Venison roasted over wine corks with speck & sage with a spicy cranberry mostarda., "Chef/owner Chuck Draghi and partner/GM/sommelier Joan Johnson never disappoint, but their traditional Northern Italian cuisine, wines, and extraordinary hospitality seem to get better every year." 

-MC Slim JB of the Improper Bostonian Magazine, Thrilled to have been been dubbed Essential by Eater Boston 
What a year! Thank you, thank you, thank you!, If you're still looking for dinner reservations, we have a few spots left! 
Give us a call (617) 426-6969, Chardonnay is the world’s most famous white-wine grape and also one of the most widely planted. Grown in cool climates, the variety delivers apple, pear and citrus fruit flavors and refreshing acidity. More moderate climates produce riper Chardonnay grapes with medium acidity and stone-fruit flavors. In warm regions, the typical Chardonnay taste is tropical, with pineapple and banana flavors, balanced with medium acidity.

The best Chardonnays continue to arrive from the region where the grape first emerged: the chalk, clay, and limestone vineyards of Burgundy and Chablis. California winemakers have traditionally made Chardonnay in a rich, buttery style by fermenting and aging it in oak barrels. Too much oak can cover up the fruit, so some winemakers are starting to substitute stainless-steel tanks for a leaner, crisper style.
#winewednesday, Sauteed duck livers with roasted yellow peppers, leeks, and fennel. A staple on our enoteca menu and the perfect snack on a wet, rainy day., Roasted goose is a Christmas tradition at erbaluce. This year Chef Draghi prepared the goose with chestnuts, cherries, sage, and spiced goose fat., Papradelle with a Tuscan-style wild boar ragu, Family is what the holidays are all about. Family and food. Here is a glimpse into Chef Draghi's Piedmontese roots which have greatly influenced his cooking #tbt, Wishing you and yours a safe a happy holiday season!

We will be closed Thursday and Friday of this week to afford our wonderful staff some much needed rest and relaxation. We will re-open Saturday evening. Hope to see you then!, A huge thank you to The Culture Trip for naming us as one of the top ten Italian eateries in Boston! 

"A great venue for celebratory dinners and business events as well as more casual family meals."

& Congratulations to the other deserving places named Da Vinci Ristorante Coppa Enoteca Giacomo's Ristorante Giulia Restaurant Mamma Maria Restaurant MentonPrezza Quattro Sportello, Roasted radishes, rosemary, marjoram, & aged Parmesan., Staying true to the truffle-themed photos of this week, a lovely shot of Chef Draghi's tajarín pasta with white truffle shavings., Ours and other local Chefs on delicious, sustainable seafood.  
"Erbaluce’s customers expect and welcome novel ingredients..."
Improper Bostonian Magazine LiNEaGe Island Creek Oyster Bar Row 34 Alden & Harlow Sarma lumiere the restaurant, Barbera is a red Italian grape that, at the turn of the century, was the third most-planted red grape variety in Italy (after Sangiovese and Montepulciano). It produces good yields and is known for its deep color, low tannins and high levels of acidity.

Barbera is believed to have originated in the hills of Monferrato in central Piemonte, where it has been known from the thirteenth century. Century-old vines still exist in many regional vineyards and allow for the production of long-aging, robust red wines with intense fruit and enhanced tannic content. 

Barbera is both rich and light-bodied with juicy notes of strawberry and sour cherry. Pair with rich dark meats, mushrooms, herbs, root vegetables, and braised greens.
#winewednesday, 'tis the season to eat truffles, falala lala, lala lala., Cacio e Pepe with Umbrian black truffles!, Elated to have been named one the top fifty restaurants in Boston by Boston Magazine Thank you to our wonderful staff, our loyal guests, and conrgats to all the other deserving eateries named!, The perfect ending to any meal., The restaurant is closed for a private party this evening. We apologize for any inconvenience and look forward to seeing you this weekend.

If you haven't yet booked your holiday party - we'd love to help!, The Muscat family of grapes includes over 200 varieties that have been used in wine production and as raisin and table grapes around the globe for many centuries. Their colors ranges from white, to yellow, to pink, to near black. The breadth and number of varieties suggest that Muscat is perhaps the oldest domesticated grape variety. 

Moscato is known for its surprising perfume-like fragrance, light-body, semi-sparkling, spritzy character and a dazzling fruit-forward palate profile with a welcoming sweet factor. Intended to be consumed young, while it's fresh and vibrant, Moscato should be served chilled and is downright delicious with dessert.

#winewednesday, Smelts sautéed with chick pea flour, a Friulian-style sauce of grated crab apples, horseradish, sweet herbs, lemon zest, and a touch of yoghurt., Cuttlefish ink risotto, seared local Loligo squid, and parsley purée, An excerpt from one of our very first reviews, written by Devra First of The Boston Globe in December of 2008.

"Draghi's food isn't like most restaurant food. It's lighter, subtler, driven by herbs and warm spices and aromatic-infused liquids; he doesn't use butter or cream in savory dishes. It draws from Italy, particularly Piedmont, where Draghi's family has its roots, but it isn't traditional."

& A photo of Chef Draghi as a child in Piedmont to corroborate the facts #tbt, Lambrusco is a brightly colored grape used to make sparkling red wines which range in color from light rose to deep, dark magenta. The vines are native to Emilia-Romagna, which is often referred to as "the stomach of Italy" for the hard, salty cheeses and fatty charcuterie honing from the region. The wine's bright acidity, nose-tingling fizz, and dark, often tannic fruit provide ideal counterbalance. Lambruscos are designed to be served chilled and enjoyed young. #winewednesday, Honored to have been included Time Out New York Time Out Boston, San Daniele prosciutto with fresh local apples, sesame and mint., A beautiful photo of our tablscape! Name that herb., A Thanksgiving themed #throwback featuring Chef Draghi's Pumpkin Bellini and other festive libations from local eateries Edible Boston Shōjō Sycamore. Ceia Kitchen + Bar BRINE Oyster Bar Sarma Rialto Restaurant  #tbt, We will be closed tonight and tomorrow in observance of Thanksgiving. We wish you all a safe and happy holiday and look forward to seeing you later on in the weekend., Marjoram-marinated Nantucket bay scallops lightly broiled with a purée of matsutake mushrooms and parsnips, topped with shaved matsutake. A must try app special., Sautéed brussels sprouts and parsnips with lemon sabaione, A fan-tastic photo of Chef Draghi's rack of wild boar special, Throwback to August of 2011 when Chef Draghi discussed one of his most memorable dining experiences and how it affected his own cooking techniques with Zester Daily #tbt, Trebbiano is one of the most widely planted varieties of grape in the world. It is a white grape, originally from Italy, where it generates large quantities of simple but refreshing white wine with crisp citric tones, clean fruit flavors, and an attractive almond-like bitter note in the finish. Trebbiano has become the quintessential ingredient in both Cognac and Armagnac and is also used to produce balsamic vinegar. #winewednesday, Citrus-cured, cold-smoked bluefish with a celery & lovage sauce and spicy pickled green tomatoes. #yum, Ryan Mcgrale, one of the pioneers of the craft-cocktail movement in Boston, and beverage director at Tavern Road, passed away unexpectedly over the weekend. Our hearts are with his friends and family and the entire hospitality community who mourn this tremendous loss., Say cheese! #FoodieFriday, Throwback to May of 2011 when Chef Draghi shared this simply delightful recipe with WBUR 90.9 FM Public Radio Kitchen #ThrowbackThursday #tbt, Grignolino is a red grape, commonly grown in Piedmont, which produces light colored wines and rosés with very fruity aromas and strong acidity. The name Grignolino derives from the Piedmontese "grignolo", meaning "pip". It serves as a warning that the varietal produces grapes abundant in pips, or seeds, and therefore tannins. The wine is light in both color and body, making it the perfect pairing for ingredients that carry some tartness and a great counterbalance to zesty sauces. #winewednesday, Another stunning image from our shoot with Katie Noble Photo for the Improper Bostonian Magazine Best of Boston Issue. For those of you unfamiliar with this dish, it's locally farmed razor clams in a green peppercorn broth with leeks and fennel., Seared tuna belly, pickled heirloom tomato, shaved radish, and mustard greens., This ever so sweet fan photo of our panna cotta with green walnuts & white raspberries was taken at the bar this week.

Felice anniversario to the photographer!, Throwing it back to Chef Draghi's childhood summers in Piedmont as described by Devra First of the The Boston Globe in a 2010 article describing the evolution of bar food.

Chef Draghi's favorite enoteca dish is risotto Edoardo, named for the uncle who taught him to make it. "With mushrooms, green peppers, and parmigiano reggiano," says the menu. This humble description does not prepare you for the perfect plate of comfort you are about to consume. A bit of chicken liver stirred in at the end with the cheese is what gives this dish its distinctive taste, Draghi says. “Every time we make that risotto, the smell and the taste take me back to being a kid.’’ #tbt, Mataòssu, which translates to "crazy grape" in the local dialect, is an extremely rare, thousand year old indigenous varietal grown only is a small enclave in Liguria. This beautifully balanced, high toned, complex and bracingly refreshing white wine pairs perfectly with a myriad of lighter fair. It is produced exclusively by the Ruffino family. Pictured below is Paolo Ruffino in his Mataòssu vineyard and the spectacular view of the Mediterranean from where they stand. #winewednesday, Nothing but sunshine and sunflowers over on Church Street today!, Chef Draghi's Shaved Raw Root Vegetable Salad with Fall Greens and a Friulian-style Yogurt, Poppyseed & Herb Dressing is good and good for you!, This fan photo, rightly captioned "egg sceptional", has us craving Chef Draghi's famed carbonara. 

Another HUGE thanks to all of our social media followers for sharing. Keep these fan-tastic photos coming!, Throwback to March of 2009 when Erbaluce was first reviewed by Boston Magazine -"At last, they’ve arrived! Johnson, as general manager, couldn’t be nicer, or the waitstaff more helpful. Draghi cooks like no one else, with his deep understanding of Piedmontese, Friulian, and Tuscan idioms. In or out of the North End, he is a local treasure Boston needs to support. Go and enjoy his vision." #tbt, Nebbiolo is the varietal behind Barolo & Barbaresco, the prides of Piedmont, distinguished by their strong tannins, high acidity and distinctive scent. The grape is thought to take its name from the Italian nebbia, or fog, which drapes the hills from whence it came. Common characteristics are notes of rose, red berry, licorice and tar. #winewednesday, If you've been to Erbaluce, you know sunflowers are a staple. From the overflowing vases filling our windows to the well known, and loved, braised sunflower appetizer on our dinner menu and everywhere in between. But did you know that these sunflowers (and so much more) come from Siena Farms ? It's one of our favorite local shops located just down the road on Waltham Street in Boston's historic South End., Amalfitana - eggplant, ricotta sweetened with honey, black currants, warm chocolate genache, and saffron-marinated oranges., Another fantastic fan photo (and one of our all-time favorite desserts) poached pear with mascarpone and a lavender caramel sauce - just in time for fall!, Throwback to 2008, just a month before Chef Draghi and his partner in business and in life, Joan Johnson, opened Erbaluce. The Bostonphoenix still existed and excitedly announced a small mom-and-pop restaurant that Draghi intended to be a “little urban oasis, where the chef is behind the stove every night, proving himself and his food.” #tbt, Erbaluce is a crisp white grape varietal that has been documented in Piemonte since 1606, almost exclusively in and around the township of Caluso in the Canavese hills of eastern Piemonte. The Erbaluce grape, which makes a remarkably fresh and balanced white, takes its name from the goddess Albaluce, whose realm was Caluso. Erbaluce is characteristically dry with distinguishable acidity and well-rounded structure, making it an excellent partner to hors doeuvres and fish. #winewednesday, Thank you Katie Noble Photo for this amazing shot! 
& Thank you Improper Bostonian Magazine for naming us "Best Italian Restaurant" for the 5th consecutive year!, Another gorgeous shot from Katie Noble Photo, beautiful bay scallops with apple cider, lovage, and a purée of local parsnips & leeks, So many great fan photos to choose from this week - keep 'em coming!, Check out these amazing photos taken by Katie Noble for the Improper Bostonian Magazine Best of Boston Issue where we were named Best Italian Restaurant for the fifth consecutive year! 

Thanks Katie! Thanks Improper! Thanks all!, #nationaldessertday, Don't let the holidays sneak up on you again this year - start planning your company party today. Just e-mail events@erbaluce-boston.com and we'll take care of all the details!, This rainy days calls for comfort Cavatelli - handmade in-house daily!, thank you for this - we so appreciate your continued support and patronage!, a fan photo (and great shot) of the rack of wild boar - submit yours for a chance to be featured on our page!, follow us on Instagram for a behind the scenes look at all things Erbaluce - instagram.com/erbaluceboston/, a light, romantic drink garnished with fresh rose petals, Braised Sunflower with Herbed Ricotta & Golden Raisin Dressing, We can't wait for cauliflower to make its way back onto the menu! #fallfoods, This chilly Thursday calls for a Parmesan-crusted bavette steak and a nice big glass of red wine!, A deliciously dark libation for this dark and dreary day. Whip one up at home with this easy to follow video recipe or stop in to the bar and we'll make one for you!, Chef Draghi is always happy to accommodate guests with allergies and/or aversions. Here is a recent example posted by one such guest who left very pleased with her off-menu meal., Fresh rigatoni topped with Chef Draghi's Napolitan-style ragù, sweet peppers stuffed with organic white shrimp served over carnaroli rice seasoned with rosemary & mint then roasted with heirloom tomatoes, olive oil, & peperoncino - mangiamo!, Sunflower & Pistachio Gelato, sweetened with Tuscan Sunflower Honey., Chef Draghi was interviewed for this article discussing dining out with food allergies. Thank you The Boston Globe, A fresh pot of Neapolitan-style scungilli ragù, with lots of capers, black olives, and crushed pepper., Tagliatelle with a sauce of roasted porcini and leeks, puréed with olive oil & marjoram, with sautéed Italian porcini, and 2 yr. aged parmigiana Reggiano., Velutatta of white corn & crab, with parsley, and shaved black truffles. Just a hint of late Summer, yielding into white truffle season in a few weeks!, Sea scallops, marinated with lemon, olive oil, and lovage, then broiled with silver queen corn. A sweet Summer treat!, A new batch of "Solnero," our house-infused gin made from black sunflowers, and about 20% of other botanicals. 
Our house "martini" uses the Solnero, with a splash of house-infused white vermouth. The perfect elixir for the Best Bar Menu in Boston!, Pizzetta made with gold zucchini, ricotta, speck, and pepper basil.
Summery, spicy fun!, Scungilli, thinly-sliced, marinated with lemon, mustard, garlic, and pungent herbs; over purslane, radish, & borage leaves, and heirloom cucumbers., White chocolate & hazelnut ganache, seasoned with orange brandy, and served with white peaches & cantaloupe., We have availability tonight for dinner. Call us to make a reservation now 617.426.6969, Have you began planning for your company holiday party? December is booking up quickly. Email events@erbaluce-boston.com to start planning today!, Our #DineOutBos menu for this week, Will you be joining us during Dine Out Boston? Starting August 17th #Dineoutboston, A new mezzalune pasta special features Fairy tale eggplants. Miniature but full of flavor! #Eggplant #Fairytale #Boston #WhatsForDinner #Pasta #erbaluceboston, null, Tagliatelle al ragù di coniglio!

If you are one of the legion of fans of ragù (what Americans call Bolognese) this is the most nuanced, elegant version, from Western Emilia, where it meets Piemonte.

It's made from rabbit, and some veal, and simmered for hours in white wine & rabbit broth, with finely minced carrots, celery, onion, and tomatoes, until the gelatin is coaxed out of the meat. The ragù is seasoned with fresh marjoram, and lots of white pepper.

Perfetto!, We have a few new dessert specials #SummerTreats #Boston #Yum, Chef Draghi participated in the cooking competition at Boston Seafood Festival yesterday. 
Here's his recap:
Jose Duarte, and his buddies, came on strong, with 9 dishes finished by the three chefs in 45 minutes. My team of three chefs finished 6 dishes (those are my tomatoes grilling, with basil on top, in order to make a sauce with saffron, for sauteed snapper) but the judges had us tied in scoring in the end. We went into a rapid-fire round to decide the contest. The judges gave us bluefish to work with, and ten minutes to complete the dish. Jose's team squeaked by us with a smoke screen, for the win. A great deal of fun was had by all!, Sautéed #bluefish fillet, with a lovage and lemon sauce, Next Monday, August 3rd from 5:00pm - 9:00pm there will be a Fundraiser held for Nick Provost at Abe & Louis. Chef Draghi, Joan and our event coordinator Keira will be attending and we hope you will too.

https://www.facebook.com/events/794217700707834/permalink/796647323798205/, Braised sunflower to start followed by black bass, Fresh strawberry bellinis...yum, Wood-roasted shoulder of wild boar, glazed with black olive and rosemary, with a roasted red onion & anise hyssop sugo., Spaghetti with sunflower petals, lemon basil, mint, gold cherry tomatoes, and grated truffled pecorino; topped with shaved Summer truffles. #Summer #Boston #Yum, Wild striped bass collar, broiled with olive oil, lemon, and Ligurian basil; with arugula and sliced cucumbers., more heirloom tomatoes..., Heirloom tomatos and farmer's market greens with buratta cheese and a black olive and herb dressing, Crudo of super-select sea scallops, marinated with lemon, olive oil, and flowering lemon thyme; with a salad of radishes, apples, & cucumbers, Chef Draghi and our Event Coordinator Keira had a great time at #BestFest2015 last night. Thank you Boston Magazine for awarding us Best of Boston - Best Bar Menu!, A little write up about the Improper Bostonian event at the Langham Hotel last night - Chef Draghi and Joan were spotted!

http://www.bostonherald.com/inside_track/the_inside_track/2015/07/social_studies_improper_throws_best_party, We have a new salad featuring heirloom tomatoes...yum, While we were on break Boston Magazine awarded us Best Bar Menu 2015
http://www.bestofboston.com/winner/best-bar-menu/erbaluce-2015/, Tomorrow night we will be OPEN for dinner! We had a relaxing vacation and we are looking forward to being back. We hope to see you this weekend!, If you have attempted to email us within the last few days please RESEND - our email system was not functioning correctly as we switched our website. We apologize for any inconvenience,, http://www.improper.com/bostons-best/food-drink/italian-erbaluce1/

We're thrilled and honored to have received the Best Italian restaurant award from The Improper Bostonian again this year!
Those of you who know the Boston food scene, know that this is probably the most congested, and difficult category to gain praise in- there are so many worthy Italian restaurants in this city!
This is our 5th. Best of Boston award from The Improper Bostonian in our 6 years of operation, but we're not resting- we're re-doubling our efforts to maintain the trust those awards bring! (As the old Eastern Airlines ad used to go, "We've got to earn our wings, every day."), How many of these have you been mispronouncing?

http://www.thrillist.com/eat/nation/italian-food-pronunciation-guide-you-re-pronouncing-these-italian-foods-completely-wrong, It's Sunflower season! Expect to see them around the restaurant in all the windows. Sunflowers are Joan's favorite., Still haven't made reservations for #Fathersday? Call us today to make a reservation 617.426.6969, We are happy to have been voted as one of the top 50 Restaurants in Boston by Zagat - Thank you to everyone who voted! https://www.zagat.com/l/boston/best-restaurants, null, A few fresh flowers in the dining room, Porchetta-style porcelet with Piemontese sauce of honey, walnuts, lemon and marjoram #yum, null, Spring vegetable pizzetta!  Little bits of: ramps, fiddleheads, asparagus, snow peas, pea greens, Spring-dug parsnips, scallions, with mint, basil, fresh ricotta, & truffled pecorino., Thank you to everyone who came out for Mostra III last night. The event was a great success! We even had some inquiries for folks looking to purchase some artwork., Tomorrow night we are hosting the opening reception for Mostra III https://www.facebook.com/events/1593752350896292/

Please RSVP by emailing events@erbaluce-boston.com, Tuesday, June 9th from 6:00-8:00pm we're hosting the opening reception for Mostra III. 

This is the third installment of a four part series. All artwork is from students at the School of Museum of Fine Arts.  

The event is free with complimentary hors d'oeurves and a cash bar. Please RSVP by emailing events@erbaluce-boston.com, We hosted a #RehearsalDinner this weekend. The couple brought in rustic elements for their centerpieces. Tree trunk bases, river rocks, (our) potted herbs and white candles made a beautiful tablescape for their event. 
Congratulations to the happy couple!, Agnolini with lemon and ricotta in a leek broth with pistachios and shaved pecorino. May Wine cocktail. Rhubarb curd dessert. What a meal!, Chef Draghi's brother, Chris, came in today to shoot some photos for us - more photos to come!, Sautéd tautog fillét, with a shellfish soffritto sauce, and spring herbs, Sautéed soft shell crabs, with a shaved local asparagus & chive salad, and a roasted yellow pepper, saffron, and caper lecco, For a short time only! Asparagus is in season and on the menu., Happy Monday!  Have you tried the new pan roasted Quail stuffed with muscat grapes?, A tasty Salmon dish, We're so happy the weather has finally changed over to spring! Co-owner Joan spent part of the afternoon planting flowers in our window boxes., It is an Italian tradition to offer 'Confetti '(candied almonds) as a favor during celebrations. 
Our client brought back five types of Confetti from Italy to serve their guests during their wedding celebration this past weekend. 
The table was adorned with peach and white flowers; arrangements done by Lumiere Lauren, We had a very busy Mother's Day yesterday. If you have any photos we'd love for you to share them - on here or on twitter! @erbaluceboston, We're getting ready for a very busy Mother's Day weekend. Call us to book your reservation now: 617.426.6969, For those of you who are fans of our Erbaluce New Play Reading Series, where we welcome accomplished & award-winning playwrights to have their newest works read by professional actors, on the second Sunday of each month:
We will not be hosting a reading this month, as the second Sunday is both Mothers' Day, and the date of The Boston Theater Marathon!
The BTM is the premier, do not miss, annual theater event in this city, and all of our wonderful actors & playwrights (and yes, I am one of those again this year) will be working hard on that festival of plays.
I can not recommend attending the BTM highly enough! It's inexpensive, great fun, and all of the money raised goes to a great charity!

http://www.bu.edu/bpt/2015/05/02/btm-xvii-schedule-of-plays/, We still have a dates available in May for private events (I'm talking to you college graduates)! Call us today to find out details: 617.426.6969, Good luck to everyone running the #BostonMarathon today!, Buccatini with a traditional carbonara sauce of duck egg yolk, sautéed gaunciale, black pepper, and aged parmigiana reggioano. Perfect for all of the runners getting ready for Monday! #BostonMarathon #PastaDinner #Boston, Planning an event this Summer? We have two private dining rooms available: 617.426.6969 events@erbaluce-boston.com, It's finally warm outside! Get out of the house and come in for dinner. We have availability tonight. Call for reservations: 617.426.6969, A new dish: Hand rolled cavatelle with chickpeas, kale, sun dried tomatoes and aged Tuscan pecorino - it's a bit spicy and vegetarian! #vegetarian #Boston, Pan-roasted monkfish tail & monkfish liver (foie gras de la Mer, as Jean-Louis Paladin called it) baked in a spicy sun-dried tomato, orange, and caper sauce, with saffron., First round of voting is today #MunchMadness - who are you voting for?, Here's a great review of my brother's restaurant in Boston. When in bean town, it's a must!, A great new review of erbaluce, that really captures the spirit of what we do!
http://www.thevoiceofdowntownboston.com/erbaluce-s-chef-draghi-a-master-at-the-complex-art-of-simple-ingredients/, One of our appetizers for #DineOutBoston: Speck with spiced plum and basil, One of our #DineOutBoston desserts: White chocolate and orange mousse with candied kumquats, We have availability tonight for dinner. We're offering a $38 #DineOutBoston menu. Call to make your reservation 617.426.6969, Freshly made gnocchi, what could be better?, The weather is finally bearable - get out of the house and join us for dinner tomorrow night., Tomorrow, and Tuesday are supposed to be viciously cold, so tonight is the perfect night to come into erbaluce, and get your romantic date-night fix!
(And don't worry about Oscar; he doesn't give out any worthwhile awards until at least midnight!), We joined the WeddingWire Network! Check out our page http://wed.li/1AanhlX, Tired of being cooped up inside your house? We are open and hoping you can join us tonight for dinner! #OpeninBos #Boston, Due to the impending storm and the suspension of MBTA services, we will be Closed this Sunday, February 15th., A great write up about our collaboration with SMFA http://www.thevoiceofdowntownboston.com/when-art-and-food-unite-smfa-s-student-gallery-at-erbaluce/, The city of Boston is open for business again!!
And so are we!
There's another foot of snow predicted for Valentine's Day, so you might want to get your romantic celebratory dining in tonight, or tomorrow night, so you can enjoy a Valentine's night in front of the fire with your onesie, and your sweetheart!, We are closed today and tomorrow, February 10th. We will reopen Wednesday, February 11th., Due to the impending snow storm we will be closed this Sunday, February 8th., It seems everyone is getting engaged! We would love to host your rehearsal dinner. 

Contact our Event Coordinator, Keira Leslie, to find out more about hosting an event with us. 

events@erbaluce-boston.com or 617.426.6969

Check out our page on The Knot!
http://www.theknot.com/Vendors/Erbaluce/Profile/RDP/061/620961/profile, We are open tonight for dinner. We have canceled the Wine Dinner that was scheduled for this Thursday, February 5th due to the impending snow storm., Woohoo Patriots for the win! #PatriotsNation #Boston, We are closed today. We will reopen Tuesday February 3rd. Go Pats!, We'd like to thank Tavern Road Restaurant for hosting our annual employee holiday party earlier this month! 
Here are a few photos from that night including one of the whole pig we had. The food was incredible! If you haven't been, definitely check it out., We're open for dinner tonight at 5:00pm. We hope everyone enjoyed the snow day yesterday!, Due to the impending winter storm, we will be closed tomorrow, January 27th. 

We plan to re-open Wednesday, January 28th. 

Everyone stay safe!, Will you be attending Mostra I tonight? It's our first of four gallery events we'll be hosting in 2015.

Six artists are featured. The event is 6:00pm - 8:00pm and we will be offering free passed hors d'oeuvres and a cash bar. 

We hope to see you there!, Here is a piece that will be featured in our gallery opening, Mostra I. 

This Thursday, January 22nd from 6-8pm., We've partnered with the School of Museum of Fine Arts to host a series of student exhibitions in our event space. 

The first gallery opening, Mostra I, is Thursday, January 22 from 6:00-8:00pm

We will offer passed hors d'oeuvres and a cash bar., Still looking to host your company holiday party? We have dates available in January & February 2015. Call us to today to find out details: 617.426.6969 or email our Event Coordinator, Keira Leslie, at events@erbaluce-boston.com, Happy New Year everyone! Just a reminder: we are closed for dinner tonight. We will reopen tomorrow at 5:00pm, Just one more day to vote!

http://jamesbeard.starchefs.com/awards/vote/index_2.php

These are the categories we're nominated in: 

Outstanding Restauranteur: Joan Johnson
Outstanding Chef: Charles Draghi
Outstanding Pastry Chef: Erin Bevan
Outstanding Baker: Erin Bevan
Outstanding Restaurant: Erbaluce Restaurant
Outstanding service: Charles Draghi or Joan Johnson
Outstanding Wine Program: Joan Johnson
Best Chef NorthEast: Charles Draghi

We'd really appreciate your vote!, We're booking up quickly for #NewYearsEve2015 Have you made your reservation with us yet?, We're officially closed for the holiday. We will reopen Saturday, December 27th. Merry Christmas everyone!, We are OPEN to purchase Gift Certificates TODAY!!! Call us 617.426.6969, There's still time to vote!

http://jamesbeard.starchefs.com/awards/vote/index_2.php

These are the categories we're nominated in: 

Outstanding Restauranteur: Joan Johnson
Outstanding Chef: Charles Draghi
Outstanding Pastry Chef: Erin Bevan
Outstanding Baker: Erin Bevan
Outstanding Restaurant: Erbaluce Restaurant
Outstanding service: Charles Draghi or Joan Johnson
Outstanding Wine Program: Joan Johnson
Best Chef NorthEast: Charles Draghi

Thank you!, Need a last minute gift? Gift Certificates are available! We're open tomorrow so give us a call 617.426.6969, http://jamesbeard.starchefs.com/awards/vote/index_2.php

We would REALLY appreciate your vote(s)!  It only takes a few minutes to register and vote.

These are the categories we're nominated in: 

Outstanding Restauranteur: Joan Johnson
Outstanding Chef: Charles Draghi
Outstanding Pastry Chef: Erin Bevan
Outstanding Baker: Erin Bevan
Outstanding Restaurant: Erbaluce Restaurant
Outstanding service: Charles Draghi or Joan Johnson
Outstanding Wine Program: Joan Johnson
Best Chef NorthEast: Charles Draghi

Deadline is December 31st, Tonight's star:
Pan-roasted veal sirloin, seasoned with anchovy salt, and served over butter lettuce and gigante beans, with a braise of fennel, leeks, capers, lemon, & sage., Happy Monday everyone! 

We would really appreciate your vote(s) for the James Beard Awards. It only takes a few minutes to register and vote.

Deadline is December 31st

These are the categories we're nominated in:  

Outstanding Restauranteur: Joan Johnson
Outstanding Chef: Charles Draghi
Outstanding Pastry Chef: Erin Bevan
Outstanding Baker: Erin Bevan
Outstanding Restaurant: Erbaluce Restaurant
Outstanding service: Charles Draghi or Joan Johnson
Outstanding Wine Program: Joan Johnson
Best Chef NorthEast: Charles Draghi

http://www.jamesbeard.org/awards, We love #whitetruffles  Check this one out! trib.al/obIjMEP, Have you seen our new storefront on #TheKnot ?
bit.ly/11BLDGZ, We hope everyone had a fantastic Thanksgiving!, Please note our hours this week: Wednesday, November 26th & Thursday, November 27th Erbaluce will be closed. 

We will reopen on Friday, November 28th., Thank you to all you who attended our #MushroomDinner last night. What was your favorite dish?, In addition to our regular restaurant dining we offer two private dining rooms for events. 

We've recently joined The Knot and Wedding Wire. If you've hosted or attended a social event with us we'd appreciate a review on either site., "Pierrot" our house made Sunflower infused Gin, Lemon, Honey and a splash of Dry Vermouth, We got it again!!
Boston Magazine named us as Boston's Best Restaurant!
(And they mentioned another 49 pretty good ones, too.)

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/article/2014/10/27/50-best-restaurants-in-boston-2014/, I know that I'm just throwing straw against the wind with this; but, since I'm a chef who doesn't have a highly-paid publicist, or high-profile manager (notice that I may be the only veteran chef in Boston to NOT show up on Top Chef this season!,) I thought I'd take a stab at a grass roots approach, through facebook. The Beard Award nominations ballots are out. If you have come to my restaurant, and you feel the love, please take a minute to give us a shout-out. (There may be a little dessert payola in it for you!)

http://www.jamesbeard.org/awards, Our private event space is booking up quickly! Call us today to reserve your party for this holiday season: 617.426.6969, Thanks Chasing Life and Boston Magazine for the mentions!  
http://www.bostonmagazine.com/arts-entertainment/blog/2014/07/16/chasing-life-boston-restaurants/

, And just because we're renovating doesn't mean we don't need your vote!
Please vote for us- daily!, Patrons, and dear friends we will be closed from July 1 -10 for renovations, and will re-open on July 11.  Stop in for fantastic new products from the Farmers’ Market!, If you like what we do at Erbaluce, give us a vote in the WGBH poll, under Best Italian-nouveau (whatever that means!)
http://boston.cityvoter.com/, Please vote and help us win BEST Italian Restaurant on the Boston A-List!
http://ctvr.us/erbaluce , We are very proud to have been awarded the TripAdvisor Certificate of Excellence for the 2nd year in a row and grateful to all of our guests who have taken the time to review us on TripAdvisor.
http://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowUserReviews-g60745-d1233630-r61893124-Erbaluce-Boston_Massachusetts.html
, null, Chef Draghi is excited to have one of his plays in the XVI Boston Theater Marathon (for the second year in a row)!
The Boston Theater Marathon is a series of new works put on by The Boston Playwrights' Theatre, on or near Mothers' Day.  If you love plays and live theater, it is not to be missed!

http://www.bu.edu/bpt/our-programs/boston-theatre-marathon/, Big congrats to Ginny for winning Uncle Val's Botanical Best recipe contest! Stop by and try the winning #cocktail. 35maplestreet.com/contest/, April 13, 2014Upcoming

Please join Boston Playwrights’ Theatre and erbaluce for our Second Sunday Play Reading Series in the upstairs dining room of erbaluce. Every second Sunday of each month we read a new play by a local playwright, using professional actors from the Boston theatre community. The excellent (and FREE) hors d’oeuvres offered by Chef Charles Draghi are reason enough to be there, but these plays are still in flux and these talented playwrights welcome your smart feedback on what you’ve heard!

Please join us for our next event — April 13 at 7 p.m.… RECONSIDERING HANNA(H) Hanna, a brutally blunt international journalist, is struggling to come to terms with her husband’s violent death.  After accepting a seemingly tame assignment, she becomes increasingly obsessed with uncovering the history of another Hannah:  the infamous Hannah Dustin who was kidnapped by a Native American raiding party in 1697. Soon the individual stories of the two Hanna(h)s begin to merge into one portrait of a smart woman, torn from the only world she knows, who crosses the line between civilization and savagery.

YOU MUST RESERVE YOUR SEAT AT reservations@erbaluce-boston.com., Baked creamy white polenta, with smoked duck tenders, duck cracklin's, taleggio fonduta, walnuts, and marjoram.
"yes I said yes I will yes!", On this Arctic night, how good does this sound:
Cinnamon-roasted Rohan duck (a hybrid cross between wild Mallard duck and some Pekin thrown in for tenderness.) With the duck are some purple cabbage rolls, filled with herbed risotto and seared duck livers, and a roasted red pepper succo, seasoned with sage and pink peppercorns.
Now all you need is a glass of fruity barbera, and a bar seat with a view of the snow!, We are thrilled to continue to be included on Eater's list of "The 38 Essential Restaurants" in Boston!
We'll keep cooking hard to maintain our great reputation!
http://boston.eater.com/places/erbaluce, It doesn't get much better than this for a snowy Winter evening dish: baked white corn meal polenta, with shaved black truffles, fresh marjoram, and covered in taleggio cheese!, Isabella is one of the many, very talented people we've been blessed to have on our staff over our 5 years in business. And she is still one of our favorite alums! Keep gigging Izzy, and keep making people happy!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JUb41b3GFUA, null, Chef Lorena Autori was in our kitchen all day yesterday, cooking up a storm. Her dishes are deceptively simple, and simply delicious. This is going to be our best guest-chef dinning event yet!
(see: erbaluce-boston.com for info, if you would like to know more!)
https://www.facebook.com/events/135909013285468/?ref=22
Photo: https://www.facebook.com/events/135909013285468/?ref=22, null, Joanie had a nice quote in the Globe this week, talking about lambrusco wines. Lambrusco is some of our favorite Summer wines that we wish would sell a little more, so more people could fall in love with them as we have!

http://www.boston.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2013/07/30/more-than-just-fizzy-red-italian-lambrusco-inspiring/ry3oyXk32jCwXTf17satOP/story.html, A hearty "Thanks!" to Boston Magazine for awarding us the Best Italian Restaurant prize! In Boston, the only city to still have an active "Little Italy," the competition for that designation is arguably the toughest of any restaurant category, so we'll work hard to continue deserve the award, and wear it with pride!, Endless thanks to the lovely and incredibly talented Julia Haltigan for deeply enriching all of our lives last night. Rock on girl with the gun!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FGsboMZY1NY, null, We are ecstatic to be so honored as to be on this list of best restaurants, again!

http://boston.eater.com/archives/2013/07/09/the-38-essential-boston-restaurants-june-2013.php, null, Our new website is up and running! We'll be adding new features and content along the way, but have a look, click-away and share with fellow foodies.
www.erbaluce-boston.com, A great article on a topic near and dear to our hearts. 
As many of you know, I have been cooking completely without butter for many years now, and to very delicious results!
(A loving nod goes out to Michel Guerard, and his brilliant Cuisine Minceur!)

http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424127887324563004578523423861025406.html?mod=wsj_article_exploremore_2, 6 Glasses of wine and a 4 course meal! 

Reservations may be made through reservations@erbaluce-boston.com, null, Great read! 

http://www.hemispheresmagazine.com/2013/05/01/rested-root/, It is a special honor for erbaluce to be listed as one of the best restaurants in New England, in a magazine that has been a constant part of my family's life for generations! So happy and proud!
http://www.yankeemagazine.com/article/pressroom/385843-2, To all of our friends and patrons, we will, of course, be closed this evening, while law enforcement officials ferret-out evil., null, "If we could take one chef with us to a deserted island, it would be Erbaluce owner Charles Draghi."

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/2012/01/wedding-dinner-venues-feast-and-fete/3/, Time to Rock The Vote!
Give us some love, and we'll love you right back!
http://www.boston.com/ae/restaurants/specials/munch_madness/2013/, Reserve today!, A must read!, Last February I went down to The James Beard House with some of my crew and cooked-up a seven-course frenzy, with some exceedingly rare Italian wines.
Now is the time that the voting happens for a coveted James Beard award in several categories (I could be nominated for Best Chef, North East, or Outstanding Chef, and the restaurant could be nominated for Outstanding Restaurant, or Outstanding Wine Program.)

If you like what we do, and how I do it, please take a minute and give us (me) some love on the James Beard Foundation voting site:

http://jamesbeard.starchefs.com/awards/vote/index_2.php, " Local boy makes good food. If you remember the innovative downtown restaurant L'Americain in downtown Hartford three decades ago, there was a young chef there named Charles "Chuck" Draghi. Chuck and his wife now own and operate a marvelous restaurant in downtown Boston called Erbaluce.

It was just named Boston's Best Italian Restaurant of 2012 — consider the competition — by The Improper Bostonian. It's that good." - Tom Condon, The Hartford Courant.

It's great to get a little love from the home folks!, Book your New Year's Eve reservation today! Call 617.426.6969 or email us: reservations@erbaluce-boston.com!, All week long; Nantucket Bay scallop crudo, with a sauce of parsnips, leeks, cider, and marjoram. Deliciously sweet little nuggets of love from the sea!, Tis the season! Book your holiday events with Erbaluce and you and your guests will enjoy an individually tailored menu by Chef Draghi! Call Lindsay at 617.426.6969, or email us at info@erbaluce-boston.com for more information!, Our cafe pizzettas are not only popular and delicious, but all this week they're also particularly great for sharing- with the victims of storm Sandy, that is. All this week 100% of the price of the pizzettas will go toward the outstanding relief efforts of the Red Cross in helping out our neighbors to the South. Come on in and show them some love., More Julia to listen to- can't get enough!
Catch her at The Lizard lounge in Cambridge on Thursday!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-UvqBLvWy4&feature=relmfu, In this final week of a very contentious Presidential election, we at erbaluce would like to strongly endorse...
that you reward yourself for voting, and surviving the effort, by going to hear the incomparable Julia Haltigan perform at The Lizard Lounge, in Cambridge ( Thurs. Nov. 8, 8pm,) the Iron Horse, in Northampton (Sat. Nov. 10, 7pm,) or both!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x76Uh85kPpo&feature=relmfu, It's great to be included in such august company!

ERBALUCE
Bay Village

WHY IT’S GREAT:
Thoughtful details set Charles Draghi’s preparations apart in a city overrun with upscale Italian: the crisped skin on the bluefish (“potato chips from the sea,” says the server); the cinnamon dust on a...See More
The 50 Best Restaurants 2012 -- Boston Magazine
www.bostonmagazine.com
Check out Boston magazine's list of the 50 Best Restaurants 2012, with fun facts, closer looks at select winners, and online extras., The return of the mighty matsutake! (Salad, that is- see profile photo above!), There are several seats left for our very special, (previously) invitational wine tasting dinner tonight (Tuesday, Oct. 23 at 6pm) with  Cantina Frentana winery owner, Felice DiBiase. We are making those seats open to our special regulars and friends. If you are available this evening, this will be a very fun night of great wines, victuals, and good cheer! Please call for reservations: (617) 426-6969.
The cost is $85. per person, plus tax and grat.
http://www.cantinafrentana.it/, null, Boston Homegrown Cooking book signing at Erbaluce August 7th! Reserve now.
http://erbaluce-boston.com, To all of our wonderful family of regular customers and friends of Erbaluce: today (Thursday , July 19) is Joan's birthday. I know that she would love to see you- if you are in the neighborhood. Please come by and wish her a Happy Birthday, with a complimentary glass of sparkling wine (from me!) She doesn't know that I'm posting this, so don't let on, but I know it will make her whole night! Hope to see you- Chuck, "Wine is the constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy." - Benjamin Franklin
Happy 4th.!, Also, sweet patrons, and dear friends; we will be closed this week, for July 4th. We will re-open on July 10, for a fantastic new service, with lots of great product from the Farmers' Market.
(Joan and I will be in the restaurant, painting and primping, so if you're in the neighborhood, knock on the door and say hello.), Dear friends and beloved patrons;
Once again, we have received a Best Of Boston award (Best Italian Restaurant) from The Improper Bostonian, in the new issue that has just come out:
http://www.improper.com/pics/72157624010979917#0
Many thanks to the Improper editorial staff. That's 4 "Best Of" awards in 3 1/2 years, not too shabby!, And so, here we are; less than one week away from the season 2 finale of Sweet Genius (Thursday June 7, at 10 pm, on the Food Network.) Watch me compete with talented pastry chefs, trying to do the erbaluce name proud!
http://www.foodnetwork.com/sweet-genius/index.html, We have an air-date for my appearance on Sweet Genius: Thursday, June 7, at 10pm.
I will be on the final episode of the season, and the producers said it was their best show, yet!
http://www.foodnetwork.com/sweet-genius/index.html, null, Chef Draghi at the James Beard House Dinner, February 27th, 2012. Photography by David Braunstein.
http://www.erbaluce-boston.com/jbh.html
, Erbaluce in The Boston Globe's "Greater Boston's Best New Restaurants"!, null, New press and video links updated on www.erbaluce-boston.com, Tuesday nights are great nights to get to know our new, and fantastic bartender, Joe Antoun. We already have one of the best wine bars for dining in Boston (see Wednesday's Boston Globe article,) with a multitude of fun new cocktails to try. And now with Joe, we just got better! Come on in some Tuesday night and meet him, and there'll be some nice "freebie" treats for you from the kitchen to try, too!, *PLUS*!!! We've got some great new cocktails starting next week, along with some great new eonteca dishes and great new wines! It will be...GREAT!!!, As many of you regular fans know, we have several house-made sodas created from fresh fruit juices and purees with triple-filtered soda water, and no sugar. To our regular line up of: orange, grapefruit, apple, pear, black currant, spiced coffee, and lemon-honey-ginger, I've just added: lychee, passion fruit, pomegranate, blueberry, and black cherry. All chef created, so you know they have to be good!, On Sunday, February 7 (Yes- Superbowl Sunday!,) we'll be hosting a Barolo wine dinner with traditionalist wine maker Tiziana Settimo. The dinner will begin at 7pm, and will include a single vineyard Barolo (Rocche) from the '01 vintage, poured from magnums. Come drink away your Patriots without a post season blues with some fantastic Piemontese vino! Call for more information: (617) 426-6969., On Thursday, January 14, erbaluce will host its first annual Truffle Dinner, featuring all Italian white and black truffles. The dinner is four courses, with matching wines, and begins at 7:00pm. Call erbaluce: (617) 426-6969 for reservations or more informaTION., The award-winning author Bette Green, who wrote "The Summer Of My German Soldier" will read from a new stage work on Tuesday January 26, at 7:00pm in the Green Room at erbaluce. The short reading will be followed by a discussion with the author. Admission is free and open to the public., How 2 Heros - Braised Sunflower with Herbed Ricotta, How 2 Heros - Roasted Pork with Stone Fruit Mostarda, Boston Globe December 2008, Boston Magazine March 2009)