List(I've loved piano since I was a small boy, but I've discovered a new instrument that I love more. Beginning in 2017, I'll retire all piano repertoire to focus on my first recording of Haydn's Trumpet Concerto in E-flat Major. Thank you all for your understanding and support!, Great rehearsal (Tchaikovsky Piano Concerto No. 1) with Bamberger Symphoniker - Bayerische Staatsphilharmonie and Principal Conductor Jonathan Nott. 1,000 students came to listen! Tonight, we play a charity concert for the World Heritage Foundation Bamberg in the sold-out Brose Arena :)

(Photos: Helmut Ölschlegel), Have you subscribed to my official YouTube channel yet? You won't want to miss out on some of the special things I have planned!!, We've talked about lots of great food over the past few weeks. Now you need something to put that food on! #MandarinMonday, Such a great time playing with my *brothers* BIGBANG at the QQ Music Awards in Shenzhen!!, null, Everybody loves sushi! #MandarinMonday, An honor performing tonight at the #amfARHongKong gala. A great cause and great friends including Victoria Beckham and Adrien Brody. Together we can make AIDS history!, Cool timelapse! A great event with my Luxaviation friends :), ☘☘☘, Introducing our 2016-18 Lang Lang International Music Foundation Young Scholars! These eight talented young pianists range between the ages of 10-16, and represent some of the most extraordinary and promising talents of their generation. Read more about them at: bit.ly/1U8bP5t, I’ve created The Lang Lang Piano Method to inspire today’s kids to learn the piano. It's fun (cartoons!), and gets kids playing all around the keyboard right from the start (unlike many tutor books that start very slowly). The first three books are out now through Faber Music at: bit.ly/1Lv0gC1, I really enjoyed doing this Skavlan Talkshow interview in Stockholm. Great concert last night, too!!, Eggplant braised in soy sauce is a very popular Szechuan dish. I'm not going to teach you how to cook it, but I'll do the next best thing - teach you how to say it! Happy #MandarinMonday!, Manuel Ponce's Intermezzo No. 1, Great recital in Bern, Switzerland tonight! Photos: Markus Schales, I'm very excited to be joining my friend Maestro Andris Nelsons for the Boston Symphony Orchestra Opening Night concert on September 24, 2016. Subscriptions for #BSO1617 are available now, and single tickets go on sale August 1., Blackbird - My tribute to the great George Martin, performed today on Skavlan Talkshow, null, Great to see my rendition of Maestro Ennio Morricone's "The Hateful Eight Overture" on Apple Music's Best of the Week playlist!, The #LangLangMethod - out today from Faber Music!! bit.ly/1Lv0gC1, From my new "Lang Lang Piano Method" books for kids to learn piano. :) The #LangLangMethod officially launches tomorrow (8 March) and is available on the Faber Music website at: bit.ly/1Lv0gC1, Can you believe it's been an entire year since we started #MandarinMonday together?? This week we're still on food, and one of my favorites - shredded (or shoestring) potatoes! Fill up. You'll need energy for the week ahead!, I'm in shock today over the news of Maestro Nikolaus Harnoncourt's passing. He was such a special, genuine, sincere, and talented musician and human being. He taught me so much and opened up musical doors for me - especially with Bach, Beethoven, and of course, Mozart. 

Thank you, Maestro. I know that the heavens are a more musical place today. Rest peacefully., As promised, here's video from my visit to Oceanogràfic Valencia yesterday. So cool to see the shark's view from inside the tank! Tonight in Oviendo is the last concert from this incredible Spanish Tour. ¡Muchas gracias, España!, What a memorable day playing with the SHARKS at the gorgeous Oceanogràfic Valencia and a reminder that we need to do everything we can to protect the planet and its natural inhabitants. I played Liszt's Liebestraum No. 3, Morricone's overture for The Hateful Eight, and the Chinese piece "Dance of the Coral." Video to come!, Being part of the soundtrack for Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon: Sword of Destiny has been very special for me. It was an honor to work with CoCo Lee and 蕭敬騰 Jam Hsiao on the track “Eternal Breath” and I’m very proud of the result. Shigeru Umebayashi created an amazing score with touching themes and melodies.

You can (pre-)order and listen to the soundtrack here:

CD: http://smarturl.it/ost-cthd-cd
Download: http://smarturl.it/ost-cthd
Stream: http://smarturl.it/ost-cthd-str, Lovely day on the terrace at Barceló Emperatriz, Madrid #LaBuenaVida, Coming out March 8th, the #LangLangMethod is my new series for teaching today's children how to play piano (without them getting bored or discouraged!) The five progressive books are for complete beginners, ages 5-10, and will be available through Faber Music at bit.ly/1Lv0gC1, My piano tribute to Maestro Ennio Morricone's (#Oscar-winning!) score for The Hateful Eight is available for download today!

iTunes: http://smarturl.it/ll-hateful8
Amazon: http://smarturl.it/ll-hateful8-mp3, We're continuing our food-themed #MandarinMonday today with one of my favorites - filmed last week at Peking Ente Berlin!, Huge congratulations to Maestro Ennio Morricone on his #Oscars win tonight for The Hateful Eight score!!, My new 4-hand partner, Neymar Jr.! 🎹⚽️, Great spending time with my new buddy, Neymar Jr. at his place. He's amazing (and not a bad pianist - video to come!), Pics from our Lang Lang International Music Foundation masterclasses at Fondation Louis Vuitton in Paris on Saturday. Thanks to Matthew, Elliot, Sherri, Clayton, Avery, and Janice! 
Photos: ©Fondation Louis Vuitton / Gaël Cornier, Cotton candy ice cream. Very nice! 😍 #Barcelona #Gira2016, ICYMI, here's the Finding Neverland - The New Musical video for "What You Mean to Me." Download or stream the song using the below links and go see the musical on Broadway if you can!

Amazon Digital: http://smarturl.it/ll-whatyoumean-dgtl
Spotify: http://smarturl.it/ll-whatyoumean-str
iTunes: http://smarturl.it/ll-whatyoumean, I'm SOOO excited to announce this special interactive recital geared just for children and young people at Royal Albert Hall on April 17th! All tickets are just £5 and only one adult allowed per child under 16. Please share - it's going to be an amazing day., It's a special Chinese food edition of #MandarinMonday - coming to you from my favorite restaurant in Berlin, Peking Ente Berlin!, Great spending time with my wonderful friend and long-time teacher Gary Graffman today in Paris. My mom always loves seeing him, too! #NeverStopLearning, null, What a cool opportunity it was to record this new rendition of Ennio Morricone's incredible (and hopefully soon #Oscar-winning!) score for The Hateful Eight., TBT: Performing at the opening of the Frank Gehry Fondation Louis Vuitton Exhibition In Beijing in June 2015.

#LangLangAbWorkout #Obliques #MultiTasking #BodyBySteinway 

Photo: Patrick Wack Photography, An interview with Tom Service on BBC Radio 3's "Music Matters", Today's #MandarinMonday will help keep you warm during the cold winter!, ❤️ A bit of Chopin's romantic Scherzo No. 1 for Valentine's Day. 情人节快乐!, Video shot in Vienna this week with Christoph Eschenbach and the National Symphony Orchestra #NSOTour, Like the Finding Neverland - The New Musical video I shared yesterday? You can download the song here! 

http://smarturl.it/ll-whatyoumean, So excited to finally share this Finding Neverland - The New Musical collaboration. Great show - and Matthew and Laura? Wow!, Rehearsing the Grieg Piano Concerto with Maestro Christoph Eschenbach and National Symphony Orchestra before our concert at Wiener Konzerthaus yesterday. Next stop, Düsseldorf! Photo: Scott Suchman #NSOTour, Tonight at Wiener Konzerthaus, our European #NSOTour begins!, Wishing you and your family health and happiness in the New Monkey Year. Watch below to learn how to say "Happy New Year" in Mandarin! #MandarinMonday, null, I'm getting excited to join National Symphony Orchestra and my great friend Maestro Eschenbach next week for a 6-city European tour. I'll be playing the Grieg Piano Concerto. More info at langlang.com! #NSOTour, Today's "Mandarin Monday" might make you hungry!!, Liaoning TV will broadcast the Lang Lang & Friends Spring Festival concert at 19:35 tonight (Feb. 1), Behind-the-scenes recording on the Kung Fu Panda 3 soundtrack in the studio with Hans Zimmer 🐼🐼🐼, It was super fun to work on this soundtrack. It's out in theaters today. Go see it!! 🐼🐼🐼, null, Happy Birthday to the GREAT W.A. Mozart!!, An interview about working on the Kung Fu Panda 3 soundtrack with Hans Zimmer. The movie comes out on Friday!!, The Lang Lang International Music Foundation's newest "Keys of Inspiration" program introduced last week at High Tech Elementary Explorer. A big thanks to Young Scholar Elliot Wuu for presenting and playing!, Last week, I visited the incredible Temple in Luxor (Ancient Thebes), which dates back more than 3,000 years! Almost every culture in the world has temples, so that's today's #MandarinMonday!, null, null, With friends 容祖兒 Joey Yung and 李克勤 Hacken Lee after my (SOLD OUT!) concert tonight in Hong Kong. I ❤️ you, HK!!, The #SyriaCrisis has raged for five brutal years. Join me in taking 60 seconds to watch, share and show your support to help end the suffering., On the beautiful banks of the Nile River!!, Kung Fu Panda 3 Chinese Premiere 🐼🐼🐼, On the red carpet in Shanghai at the Chinese premiere for Kung Fu Panda 3! I had a great time working on a couple of the songs for the soundtrack. The movie comes out next Friday. You'll love it :), We all live on this planet together, so please join me in learning the word "earth" for today's #MandarinMonday!, I'm very excited to have Mr. 李克勤 Hacken Lee and Ms. 容祖兒 Joey Yung as special guest performers at my Hong Kong concert on January 22! Get your tickets now, #HK!, My first concert in the air! Thanks, Hainan Airlines Global! 🎹✈️, Dorian, an 8-year old from Rhode Island, has been battling cancer for 4 years. His last wish is to become famous all over the world. #DStrong! 💪💪 You've inspired many people, including me!, Last chance! Applications to the 2016-18 Lang Lang International Music Foundation Young Scholars Program must be submitted by midnight ET tomorrow (Friday) at bit.ly/1Ntv28N, There are only 3 days left to apply for the Lang Lang Young Scholars Program! If you know a pianist age 6-16 with exceptional musical ability, a deep love of music, willingness to communicate and share their talents with other children, enthusiasm for performing, and great potential for progress and development, APPLY NOW!, Maybe not a word you'll use every day, but very useful if you need to go backstage! #MandarinMonday, Earlier this week I was at the Apple Store in Beijing to launch my "Mastering the Piano with Lang Lang" iPad app. It was an amazing success and the biggest launch they'd ever had at the store. I had a mini-masterclass with a young pianist, took questions from the audience and everyone had a great time. More than 20,000 people in China have downloaded the app just in the past few days!, Mozart in the Jungle Season 2 (streaming now on Amazon Video) is a..., Pierre Boulez was a great friend & mentor. I join the world in mourning his passing and will treasure my memories of him. RIP, Maestro., Photos from Sunday's recital in Beijing at the National Centre for the Performing Arts. So many friends out celebrating the New Year! I can tell it's going to be an amazing 2016! 

Images by Wang Xiaojing / chncpa.org, Anyone else have a few too many of these over the holiday?? #MandarinMonday, Some behind-the-scenes pics from the Mozart in the Jungle taping. Now you know how Joshua Bell, Alan Gilbert, Emanuel Ax- Official Page and I spend our time when we're not on stage... ;), Happy New Year!!, Season 2 of Mozart in the Jungle is out today on Amazon Video. Look for some very familiar faces in Episode 4... :)

http://amzn.to/1ONx5b2, It's our last #MandarinMonday of 2015. What words/phrases would you like to learn next year? I'm taking requests!, Here's my #ShareTheMusic video to inspire you to share yours! Win two tickets to one of my concerts by entering the Lang Lang International Music Foundation's video contest. To enter:

1. LIKE the Lang Lang International Music Foundation™ on Facebook.
2. Post a video of you and someone you love experiencing music together directly to the Lang Lang International Music Foundation’s Facebook Page.
3. In the description of your video include your name, city and the hashtags #LLIMF and #ShareTheMusic . Entries which do not follow these guidelines will be disqualified.
4. Have fun with your video! The winner will win 2 tickets to one of my concerts in your city, plus a meet & greet with me!
5.There can only be one winner, so get creative! The contest ends on January 5, 2016. The winner will be announced on January 8th., null, Merry Christmas!!, Master Class at Lang Lang Music World with Professor Zhu Yafen (my first piano teacher), Incredible concert in Wuhan on Sunday!, Today's #MandarinMonday is a fruit native to Southern China called a longan. In Mandarin it literally translates to "Dragon Eye" because of how the black seed looks! Have you ever tried one? They're delicious!!, Music is better when you share it with someone you love! Win two tickets to one of my concerts by entering the Lang Lang International Music Foundation's #ShareTheMusic contest. Click below for the instructions and rules!, Love today's #GoogleDoodle. Happy Birthday to the Great LVB! :), A Flipagram look back at some of my favorite memories from 2015. Thanks everyone for being a part of it! 

Background Music: Tchaikovsky: The Seasons, November. Troika (from "Lang Lang in Paris"), Announcing my Hong Kong Coliseum recital on January 22nd. 10,000+ seats. Going to be AMAZING. Get your tickets now!!, Hey, what time is it? 

Time to get a new watch! 
(It's also time for #MandarinMonday) :P, Wishing my mom a very "Happy Birthday" today. Thank you for always being by my side. I couldn't have done this without you!, It's #FoundationFriday! Do you know a young U.S.-resident pianist (age 6-16) who has:

1. Exceptional musical ability
2. Deep love of music
3. Willingness to communicate and share their talents with other children
4. Enthusiasm for performing
5. Great potential for progress and development

If so, visit langlangfoundation.org to learn more and to apply to the 2016-18 Young Scholars program! The deadline is January 16th., CNN "Quest Means Business" on Monday!

Feat. Maxim Lando and the Lang Lang International Music Foundation, Double Trouble!, Learn today's #MandarinMonday and you'll be super "smart" :), Hello (안녕) from Busan, South Korea!, ICYMI: My interview with Classicalite, Review of Thursday's concert with Esa-Pekka Salonen & Philharmonia Orchestra at Southbank Centre:, Carnegie Hall just posted this video from my recital in October. Enjoy and have a great weekend!, The Lang Lang International Music Foundation is now accepting applications for our 2016-18 Young Scholars program - we encourage exceptionally talented U.S.-resident pianists between the ages of 6-16 to apply before January 15th. To learn more and to apply, visit: http://bit.ly/1Ntv28N #FoundationFriday, Cheerio, London! I'm off to Paris for 24hrs, but I'll be back tomorrow for our third Philharmonia Orchestra/Esa-Pekka Salonen concert (Prokofiev Piano Concerto No. 3)., null, It's the last day of November, so today's #MandarinMonday word will be here in just a matter of hours!, In today's Sunday Times Style! 

http://thetim.es/1OogzQF, Looking forward to being back tonight with Esa-Pekka Salonen - with the Philharmonia Orchestra - as we play Grieg's Piano Concerto. We have two additional concerts together this year (Dec. 1 and Dec. 3). Always a treat to play together!, Looks like the Allianz Junior Music Camp 2015 kids had a fun last day at the Kindermuseum in Vienna! #BaroqueIsTheNewBlack, Have you joined my Mobile VIP Club yet? We're going to be offering some very cool gifts and Club benefits over the coming months. Go to http://langlangmusic.mobi or scan the QR code!, It's #MandarinMonday and I'm back to work at the recording studio!, Super masterclass with the Allianz Junior Music Camp 2015 kids yesterday. A special thanks to the Lang Lang International Music Foundation, the entire Allianz family, Musikverein Wien, Steinway, Haus der Musik, and Roland. You helped create a life-changing experience for these young pianists!, Platinum-certified for #TheMozartAlbum in Austria. A big thank you (Danke!) to everyone who made this possible!, I'll bet you've never heard the news like this! For the 20th anniversary of the #FAZ series, I interpreted and played a collection of 9 FAZ.NET - Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung newspaper articles on topics ranging from the refugee crisis to stock market prices to a Brazilian FC Bayern Munich player. I've never done anything like this before and it was a fun creative experiment. Listen to it yourself..., A great honor to be named the first-ever Ambassador to Château de Versailles! I've fallen in love with Versailles and I'm excited to help raise awareness about the ongoing need for its preservation and restoration. I'll give outdoor concerts in the gardens in 2016 and 2017. Merci beaucoup!, Check out my latest project for the legendary #FAZ series “There Is Always a Clever Mind Behind It”! I have interpreted the German newspaper FAZ.NET - Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung in my own way... 

You can find more information here: www.faz.net/langlang, I've been receiving frequent updates from the 2015 Allianz Junior Music Camp in Vienna. They're having a great time, making friends, learning a lot, and they even celebrated Elizabeth's 12th birthday. I'm looking forward to joining them on Saturday! I hope they saved a slice of cake for me!!, Join my Mobile VIP Club for a digital autographed photo, giveaways from partners incl. HarmanKardon, special fan-only deals and more! Go to http://langlangmusic.mobi or scan the QR code!, An appropriate #MandarinMonday for these sad days. Tonight in Marseilles and tomorrow in Bordeaux we'll come together through music. Prayers for the people of Paris and everywhere in the world where there is suffering, violence, and hatred., This morning on ZDF's ZDF morgenmagazin! :), The Allianz Junior Music Camp 2015 starts on Wednesday and I can't wait to meet this year's talented kids. This year we have finalists from 8 countries who range in age from 10 to 14. #FoundationFriday, Rehearsing Tchaikovsky's "June: Barcarolle" for tonight's earlier BBC One's "The One Show" - also great to get a chance to show off my new Tido/Faber Music  #MasteringThePiano iPad app! Did you watch?, I'll be on BBC One's The One Show tomorrow (Thursday) at 7pm to talk about bringing technology to classical music with my new iPad app, "Mastering the Piano with Lang Lang.", My mini-masterclass on Chopin's Scherzi. All four are on my newest album "Lang Lang in Paris" - available at paris.langlang.com. What do YOU think about when you listen or play these pieces?, The leaves changing... the temperatures falling... It can mean only one thing - it's an autumn edition of #MandarinMonday!, Incredible fall colors yesterday in Geneva!, Day off: Lake Geneva, Switzerland, Watch my free, exclusive performance of "September - the Hunt" from "Lang Lang in Paris" on Amazon Music Front Row!, With my Hublot friends Ricardo Guadalupe and Jean-Claude Biver at the #Hublot factory today. Now I'm in Geneva about ready to start my recital at Victoria Hall!, I'm in the latest issue of People.com talking about the Lang Lang International Music Foundation's "Keys of Inspiration" program. All kids deserve a chance to experience the joy of playing music. #FoundationFriday, null, Wow. GQ Germany Man of the Year!! All these Facebook posts finally paid off  #mdj15, Pics from my Segerstrom Center for the Arts recital earlier in the month presented by the Philharmonic Society of Orange County. Photographer: Nicholas Koon, Have you downloaded my new iPad app "Mastering the Piano with Lang Lang" yet?? Check it out for free at: https://appsto.re/gb/vrg-5.i and let me know what you think!, Je l'espère vous voir à Toulouse le 10 Novembre! Réservez: http://bit.ly/1NcUvU7, Humbled to receive an honorary doctorate from the Central Conservatory of Music in Beijing (the first in its history!), where I studied as a boy. Congratulations to them on their 75th anniversary!, You have 363 days to practice today's #MandarinMonday before you'll need this, but I believe in planning ahead!, Not feeling so hot this morning. Hope I can rally before tonight's final NSO concert... #HappyHalloween, Introducing the first of my new weekly posts, #FoundationFriday! Every Friday I'll share stories from the Lang Lang International Music Foundation and of how we're inspiring the next generation of musicians and music-lovers. Today, I'm proud to present the 10 Finalists for this year's Allianz Junior Music Camp. Click on each photo for more information and video links. I can't wait to meet them later this month in Vienna!, First of 3 concerts tonight with the National Symphony Orchestra and Maestro Christoph Eschenbach. Great Q&A today with some of the local high school kids!, Wow, are you guys in for a fun Lindsey Stirling video in a couple months..., Had fun recording a special video for Finding Neverland - The New Musical yesterday. I'll let you know when it's out! :), My thoughts on 5 more "months" from Tchaikovsky's Seasons. All are on my new recording, #LangLangInParis, available at paris.langlang.com, How should you answer when someone asks your name? With today's #MandarinMonday you'll know!!, If you're in NYC, go outside to check out the Empire State Building right now. We lit it #UNBlue to celebrate the United Nations' 70th Anniversary! It's one of more than 330 landmark buildings and monuments celebrating all across the world! See more at j.mp/UNBluePhotos, Enjoyed sitting down with The Wall Street Journal this week. Three videos from the interview below!, Rehearsing at the United Nations for tonight's #UNDay Concert! Watch live at 6:30pm ET at http://webtv.un.org/, A Conversation with The Huffington Post

Mike Ragogna: Sir, with your new album Lang Lang In Paris, you are a bit subversive. How I mean that is in the West, Chopin compositions are traditionally performed very lightly and meditative with Tchaikovsky are bombastic. However, you seemed to have flipped the approaches. Tell me what your philosophy was when you approached the album.

Lang Lang: I had planned this recital for the whole year. I love Tchaikovsky's Seasons. I did it when I was a kid, "May," "June" and "October," those very famous pieces. It's actually very nice to do all twelve together. It really shows the change of the seasons, from January to February, February to March and all this. There are very subtle, very delicate changes between each month. Then I saw the Chopin Scherzo, two years ago I did Chopin's Ballade so I thought this is a continuation of bringing more of Chopin's major pieces into the continuity. Maybe every two years, maybe every three years, I just want to maybe one day complete the Chopin circle.

To read the rest of the interview, go to: http://huff.to/1LKXraw (scroll down), Our 6th! :) So proud of the Lang Lang International Music Foundation's "Keys of Inspiration" program! Partnered with The Royal Conservatory & Roland U.S., we're helping to bring the arts back to public schools!, A big day tomorrow! At 6:30pm I'll join the #UNDay 70th Anniversary Concert at the United Nations General Assembly. Then, over to Carnegie Hall for my recital at 8:30pm. Gotta <3 NY!, Let Tchaikovsky’s “November” from my new album “Lang Lang in Paris” help you breeze through your homework. Check it out in Spotify's Intense Studying playlist., I just flew back from Berlin to California for a recital tonight at Segerstrom Center for the Arts, but there's always time for #MandarinMonday! I hope this one comes in handy for when you receive a big award at school or work!! :), Vielen Dank!! 2 #ECHOKlassik2015 Awards - 1 for Instrumentalist of the Year/Piano for The Mozart Album and 1 for the Lang Lang International Music Foundation., Thanks for all the Flipagram submissions. It looks like you love Paris as much as I do! Enjoy this track from Tchaikovsky's "The Seasons" which is on my new album #LangLangInParis!, German friends – I'll be back at #ECHOKLASSIK2015 on Sunday for two great honors - Instrumentalist of the Year/Piano, and a Special Award for the Lang Lang International Music Foundation. The show will be televised on ZDF from 22:00 on Sunday, from Berlin’s Konzerthaus. Learn more at: http://bit.ly/1jtbHh2, I collaborated with Jean-Michel Jarre on a track for his new album Electronica. 

Download it at: http://smarturl.it/jmj_eproject_itunes. #JMJElectronica, Throwback to the last time I played in Portland! Tonight, I'm back with the Oregon Symphony and my classmate from Curtis Institute of Music, Paul Ghun Kim, conducts! #PutABirdOnIt, Want to be in my next Flipagram? Comment below with a photo of YOU in Paris or upload it to Instagram with the hashtag #LangLangInParis. I'll pick a bunch of my favorites and create a fan-sourced #Flipagram video with a track from my new album!, Some thoughts on "June: Barcarolle" and "January: At the Fireside" from Tchaikovsky's The Seasons. Both are on my new recording, #LangLangInParis, available at paris.langlang.com, Mes chers amis français,
J’ai hâte de vous retrouver à Marseille lundi 16 novembre 2015 et à Lyon lundi 11 avril 2016!
Réservez vos places ici → po.st/LangLangFrance, Today's #MandarinMonday - my second-home - the AIRPORT!, null, After a quick detour to Havana, I'm back in the U.S. to continue my west coast tour! An afternoon concert (2pm) today with the Seattle Symphony and conductor Jakub Hrůša. A few tix available! http://bit.ly/1PK4pzq, Happy for Cuba. It played great. :), null, ¡Viva Cuba!, I'll be celebrating Havana's 500th anniversary with a free concert tonight in Plaza de la Catedral with Chucho Valdés Oficial, Marin Alsop, and the Cuban National Symphony Orchestra!, Today's the day!! paris.langlang.com, "Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. But today is a gift. That's why it is called the present." 

So excited to be recording on the soundtrack for Kung Fu Panda 3 - out early next year with music composed by my friend, the great Hans Zimmer!, I love Paris in the Springtime, Summertime, Autumn and Winter! A few pics from the photoshoot for #LangLangInParis – which includes Tchaikovsky’s romantic “Seasons” and Chopin’s phenomenal “Scherzi”. Pre-order the album and DVD at: paris.langlang.com

(Photos © Yann Orhan/Sony Classical), I had the great privilege of collaborating with electronic pioneer Jean-Michel Jarre on a track for his new album. Watch all about it here:, Looking forward to my recital tonight at The Granada Theatre in beautiful Santa Barbara. #CaliforniaDreamin, Want the deluxe bonus DVD version of “Lang Lang in Paris”? You can pre-order it on Amazon.com now! 

http://smarturl.it/ll-paris-deluxe-cd

Photo © Alix Laveau / Sony Classical, Had a great time dueting in the studio with the incredible David Foster today. Keep an eye out for our collab in the near future... 😏, With my new album #LangLangInParis coming out on Friday, you'd better learn how to say "Tchaikovsky", "Chopin" and "Paris" in Mandarin! It's a triple #MandarinMonday!! :), A photo gallery from last night's Green Music Center recital in Sonoma. Today at 2pm is our next #101Pianists which is always so much fun!, A sneak peek of my performance of Tchaikovsky’s “October” in Versailles Palace’s Hall of Mirrors. Get 3 tracks and a video instantly when you pre-order the deluxe version of my album “Lang Lang in Paris”, only on Apple Music! http://smarturl.it/ll-paris-deluxe, Haven’t heard about my new recording project yet? Take a look at the Making of ‘Lang Lang in Paris"! (For German or French subtitles, please visit http://smarturl.it/ll-paris-epk-embed)

Learn more at paris.langlang.com, I'm proud to be in this epic new video, 'We The People', to tell everyone about the new United Nations #globalgoals - now it needs your voice too! 

http://wethepeople.globalgoals.org, A day off in beautiful Park City, UT before my west coast tour starts tomorrow with the Utah Symphony. Friendly bears, great scenery and chocolate shops. What else do you need??, An interview with Lara Downes for San Francisco Classical Voice ahead of my Bay-area concerts on Oct. 3rd at the Green Music Center and Oct. 13th with the San Francisco Symphony:, I was waiting until water was confirmed, but now I feel comfortable booking my #LangLangOnMars 2018 Inter-Planetary Tour! Who's in?, Yesterday was the Mid-Autumn Festival, celebrating the time of the year when the moon is at its roundest and brightest. Friends and family give each other mooncakes to celebrate. #MandarinMonday, Watch a few moments from my recital in Château de Versailles' Hall of Mirrors. This place is truly awesome and inspiring. The video of my recital will be out October 9 on DVD and Blu-Ray.

You can Pre-order DVD here: http://smarturl.it/ll-versailles-dvd
Or the Blu-Ray here: http://smarturl.it/ll-versailles-bray, We had such an amazing time at Lincoln Center for the star-studded New York Philharmonic Opening Gala - a perfect first night for the re-named David Geffen Hall. Congratulations to Alan Gilbert and the Philharmonic on the start of their 174th season!, If you pre-order "Lang Lang In Paris" online, you can instantly download two tracks from it: Chopin’s “Scherzo #3” and Tchaikovsky’s “October”, or stream these tracks on Spotify! 

Apple Music: http://smarturl.it/ll-paris-deluxe
Amazon: http://smarturl.it/ll-paris-amz-mp3
Google Play: http://smarturl.it/ll-paris-goog-mp3
Spotify: http://smarturl.it/ll-paris-sptfy, Warm-up for the New York Philharmonic Opening Gala, Watch Thursday's New York Philharmonic Opening Gala Live From Lincoln Center on PBS! Check local listings for times., If you're a fan of the Amazon show Mozart in the Jungle, you just might see a familiar face (or two) on an episode next season..., My new album "Lang Lang in Paris" is now ready to pre-order online! Order today and you can download the track "October" composed by Tchaikovsky as part of "The Seasons" instantly.

Apple Music: http://smarturl.it/ll-paris-deluxe
Amazon.com: http://smarturl.it/ll-paris-amz-mp3
Google Play: http://smarturl.it/ll-paris-goog-mp3
Spotify: http://smarturl.it/ll-paris-sptfy, From Classic FM: "We hung out with the megastar virtuoso one afternoon at The Leeds International Piano Competition. He told us his performance rituals, his tips for others, and introduced us to his revolutionary new teaching tool.", 1...2...3...4...5

Can I *count* on you for today's Mandarin Monday??, Are you ready, Ottawa? I can't wait! #Rach1 - National Arts Centre/Centre national des Arts Annual Gala, 101 Pianists at National Arts Centre/Centre national des Arts yesterday with Alexander Shelley & Lang Lang International Music Foundation. Special thanks to MasterCard & Roland Canada!, My new releases are coming out worldwide on October 9. Ever since I first visited the amazing Hall of Mirrors in Château de Versailles, I’ve dreamed of performing there. My dream finally came true this June when I performed a special recital in the Hall of Mirrors and I chose Chopin’s 4 ‘Scherzi’ and Tchaikovsky’s ‘The Seasons’ to play for my audience. Not only was the performance captured on film but I also did a studio recording of the program in Paris. Stay tuned for more info...

You can pre-order these on Amazon.com now: 

   - CD http://smarturl.it/ll-paris-deluxe-cd
   - Vinyl http://smarturl.it/ll-paris-vinyl
   - DVD http://smarturl.it/ll-versailles-dvd
   - Blu-ray http://smarturl.it/ll-versailles-bray, null, Last night with Music Director JoAnn Falletta and the Buffalo Philharmonic Orchestra performing Rachmaninoff's Concerto No. 2 in C minor. Photos: Sharon Cantillon/The Buffalo News. More pictures at http://bit.ly/1FhV8Ot, Getting inspired at Niagara Falls before tonight's Buffalo Philharmonic Orchestra Opening Gala!, It’s so important to me to find a way to enthuse today’s kids and get them engaged in music. My new iPad App offers a unique approach to learning the piano, aimed at a generation who live and breathe technology.

Download it and try the first unit for FREE at: http://appsto.re/gb/vrg-5.i, With the great artist, Leon Fleisher, this weekend in Baltimore!, Baltimore takes their steamed crabs seriously, so what better word than "crab" for today's #MandarinMonday??, Lang Lang: Pre-Concert Warm Up in Baltimore, #ThoseWhoDare, Fun day sightseeing around Baltimore - National Aquarium, Inner Harbor, and Captain James Crabhouse! Looking forward to playing with the Baltimore Symphony Orchestra for their Opening Gala tomorrow! #CharmCity, I'm SO excited to announce that my new piano technique iPad app, "Mastering the Piano", is now available! Pioneered by Faber Music and powered by Tido, the app features some incredible new technology, exclusive content, practice tools and musical context. Check it out at: https://appsto.re/gb/vrg-5.i, null, Come down to Galeries Lafayette Paris to try my new Lang Lang Parfums - "Amazing for Men" and "Amazing for Women"!, Headed to The Leeds International Piano Competition for a special benefit recital tomorrow with the 2012 winner, Federico Colli (he'll play the first half, I'll play the second). I'm so excited to be back helping this wonderful organization and to be there to celebrate Dame Fanny Waterman's last year as Chairman & Artistic Director!, What's up?? :) #MandarinMonday, Tak, København! Had a wonderful day walking around the water and a great concert (Rach 2) last night with the National Danish Symphony Orchestra with Manfred Honeck. Today, a short drive to Malmö to do it again!, null, A block of tickets was just released for the New York Philharmonic Opening Gala Concert on 9/24! I'll be playing the Grieg Piano Concerto. Get them while they last at: http://bit.ly/1PJttX2, Funny what you can find on the Internet. Here's an early 90's #ThrowbackThursday to when I was 10! Sorry, Pharrell Williams - I was rocking the bow tie/shorts decades before you... :P, Voilà! Here is my new album – coming out this October!! #LangLangInParis :)

You can pre-order the CD here: http://smarturl.it/ll-paris-deluxe-cd, View looking up from the elevator at the Eiffel Tower, Congratulations, I think you're ready to start moving into phrases! #MandarinMonday, null, Comparing hands with 姚明 Yao Ming. I can span a 12th - Rachmaninoff a 13th. I think Yao could span a 16th (2+ octaves!!)., null, Hurry! Hurry! Hurry! There's less than 1 week left to get those Allianz Junior Music Camp 2015 applications in to www.langlangfoundation.org!, Tickets for my October 23rd Carnegie Hall recital are now on-sale to the general public. Hope to see you in NYC!, I recorded today's #MandarinMonday in Edinburgh on Friday. Concert Hall = 音乐厅 (Yīnyuè tīng). Practice hard! :), Congratulations to Usain Bolt on his 100m #IAAF World Championship win today in Beijing! I got to play my own 100cm "dash" right before he ran the final - you can watch it at: https://youtu.be/ksFjPGePzTo :), Proud of the Lang Lang International Music Foundation Young Scholars - performing this weekend at a festival close to my heart - the Ravinia Festival! :), Edinburgh International Festival debut in 1 hour! #EdintFest, null, Thank you to all my friends for the support. My ear is much better now and the doctor says that I'm ok to fly. See you in Edinburgh - I can’t wait to perform my debut recital there! ❤️, Today's #MandarinMonday class is cancelled. Go outside and enjoy your summer day! #SickDay, I feel very badly that I'm not able to play at Maestro Eschenbach's 75th Birthday Concert today at Schleswig-Holstein Musik Festival. I look forward to playing with him again later this year and wish him a wonderful concert!, You probably noticed my social media feeds were very different yesterday than they usually are. There was a lot less me and a lot more about what’s going on around the world. 

I donated my feed to #ShareHumanity to help tell just one of the many humanitarian stories about important world issues.   

Please visit www.worldhumanitarianday.org and donate YOUR social feed this World Humanitarian Day on August 19th., I’m Dr. Karch, a medical volunteer for the International Medical Corps. Thank you for giving me the opportunity to tell my story. To join the movement and share more stories, visit http://bit.ly/WHD819 #ShareHumanity, Really wishing we had a Nepalese search and rescue dog with us #DisasterRelief #ShareHumanity, My rescue squad: an EMT, a young guide, and the patient’s wife. We are literally running down the mountain as fast as we can #DisasterRelief #Nepal, We at International Medical Corps are trying to get people aid as fast as we can, but the aftershocks are causing massive landslides and are slowing our relief efforts. #ShareHumanity, Just landed. What I’m seeing is utterly devastating. Rubble everywhere. Thousands of people are homeless in the streets. #Nepal #ShareHumanity, I'm out in the middle of the ocean, so a short #MandarinMonday for today: boat (船) Chuán. Have a great day!, Hublot cruise at sunset, Couldn't resist 😎 #StraightOutta, null, Getting ready for #Sing50! Performing with 50(!) Steinway & Sons grand pianos in a new concerto to celebrate Singapore's golden jubilee., It's your chance to take a masterclass with me! 
Apply now for the Allianz Junior Music Camp 2015! Visit langlangfoundation.org and submit your application. See you in Vienna!, Great concert in Nanchang. So many young fans!, Let's stick with the fruit theme for another week! #MandarinMonday, Congratulations to Beijing, chosen to host the Winter Olympics in 2022 - the first city to host both the Summer and Winter #Olympics!! #Beijing2022, Voilà! Here is my new album – coming out this October!! #LangLangInParis :)

You can pre-order the CD here: http://smarturl.it/ll-paris-deluxe-cd, Did you know that apples originated in Central Asia millions of years ago, and that today, China is the world's leading apple producer? After today's #MandarinMonday lesson, you'll also know how to say it in Mandarin!, Grieg: Piano Concerto in A minor (3rd movt.) / Lang Lang, piano · Sir Simon Rattle, conductor · Berliner Philharmoniker / Recorded at the Berlin Waldbühne, 28 June 2015., Kaan Baysal talks about his experiences at Allianz Junior Music Camp 2014. Applications for the 2015 Camp in Vienna are due by August 31st!, Lucky number 8 "郎朗" jersey from FC Bayern Munich Chief Karl-Heinz Rummenigge on Tuesday at Shanghai Stadium!, A nice CCTVNews segment from last month's Waldbühne concert with Berliner Philharmoniker and Sir Simon Rattle!, FC Bayern Munich in Shanghai! A shared passion for music and football :), It's always fun to try something new! Here's "Sun Goes Down" (Robin Schulz/ Jasmine Thompson/ Lang Lang) performed at Allianz Arena for FC Bayern Munich Team Presentation 2015., Summertime, and the livin' is easy... #MandarinMonday, How I composed my Lang Lang Parfums

http://bit.ly/1I6i1U9, Le Concert de Paris, 2015, Paris, je t'aime, null, Bonne Fête Nationale! Tonight's "Le Concert de Paris" from the Champs de Mars will have more than 250 musicians including the Orchestre National de France under Daniele Gatti, Chœur de Radio France, Joyce DiDonato, Gautier Capuçon, Ray Chen, Bryn Terfel and many more! Here are some photos from yesterday's rehearsal! #14Juillet #BastilleDay, From the top of Tour Eiffel. Incroyable!!  #14Juillet 🇫🇷, A bunch of photos from Saturday's Allianz 125th Anniversary & FC Bayern Munich Team Presentation. It was great to see Ziemowit and Jan, two boys who participated in last year's Junior Music Camp. Also great to perform in front of 70,000 people (Mozart's Turkish March,  Stern des Südens - the FCB hymn, and a couple of songs with DJ Robin Schulz and singer Jasmine Thompson)., It's one of the healthiest foods in the world and can calm your nerves before a big performance. What is it? It's today's #MandarinMonday! :), Allianz 125th Anniversary and FC Bayern Munich Team Presentation 2015!!, So excited to be participating Saturday in the Allianz FC Bayern Munich Team Presentation 2015 at Allianz Arena! Lots of surprises in store! You can watch it live at fcb.de/FCBday1Live (link goes live at 15:00 Munich time), Recital tomorrow at Théâtre Jean Deschamps as part of the Festival de Carcassonne Officiel. Should be fun! :), Do you have what it takes to become a music ambassador like Kaan? If so, go to http://bit.ly/1ehVU1Z to apply for Allianz Junior Music Camp 2015!, Let's go BACKSTAGE for today's #MandarinMonday! :), Last chance to win tickets to our New York Philharmonic Opening Night concert. Contest ends tomorrow at 10am! 

Enter: http://on.fb.me/1KHFEDb, More photos from #ACapitolFourth yesterday in D.C. What a great celebration!, Rhapsody in Red, White and Blue 🇺🇸🎉💥 #ACapitolFourth, Rehearsal tonight at A Capitol Fourth. I've been watching this concert since I first came to America when I was 14. I performed for the first time in 2010 and now can't wait to be back playing Gershwin with the National Symphony Orchestra. Watch PBS at 8pm for lots of great performances and... FIREWORKS! :), I'm flying to Washington D.C. where I'll help celebrate the United States' birthday tomorrow for A Capitol Fourth! I'll be playing one of the great American compositions, "Rhapsody in Blue" by George Gershwin with the National Symphony Orchestra.8-9:30pm ET on PBS., Porto Cervo, Sardinia. Bellissimo!, I'm on a boat :), null, A very short clip (sorry!) of Liszt's La Campanella, played as an encore tonight at Teatro degli Arcimboldi. Grazie to all my Milanese friends! See you all again soon!!, Waldbühne 2015, Dal Teatro degli Arcimboldi, Lang Lang in Concerto per "Expo in città". Stasera in diretta dalle 20.00 su Rai 5, dopo il successo di Torino, Roma e Firenze il "Viaggio in Italia" del grande pianista cinese raggiunge Milano. 

Stasera Lang Lang eseguirà un programma musicale che accosta il Concerto Italiano di Johann Sebastian Bach a grandi pagine romantiche come Le stagioni di Čajkovskij e i quattro Scherzi di Chopin.

Tutte le informazioni su: http://bit.ly/1RPm34q, Are you feeling lucky?? The New York Philharmonic is giving away a pair of tickets to  our Opening Night concert (Grieg's Piano Concerto/Beethoven's 7th) on September 24. The contest ends on July 6 so please share with your friends!, I got some help for today's #MandarinMonday from my friend and principal horn of the Berliner Philharmoniker, Stefan Dohr. We're going to teach you "Good Evening!" in Mandarin (晚上好 = Wǎnshàng hǎo). Now you try! :), Beautiful summer evening in the Waldbühne! Thanks so much to Sir Simon Rattle and the Berliner Philharmoniker for always making me feel so at home. Tonight's concert was also special in that we dedicated it to the support of Syrian refugee children through UNICEF. Learn more and help us at http://bit.ly/1dItKfF, null, Ready for Waldbühne 2015! 

Remember that you can watch the concert tomorrow with the Berliner Philharmoniker and Sir Simon Rattle live on TV, internet and even movie theatres (in S. Korea) thanks to EuroArts Music. For full details go to: https://www.facebook.com/events/693853004075118/, Couldn't help but be inspired by the beauty of Mallorca while playing at tonight's #FormentorSunsetClassics at Barceló Formentor. I felt the spirit of Chopin!, I'm very proud to be Beijing's Tourist Ambassador. Check out some of these pictures from when I was in the Forbidden City last month! It's even more spectacular in person :), null, It's time for the 3rd Allianz Junior Music Camp - this year taking place in the capital of classical music - Vienna! If you're a talented pianist between 8 and 14 years old you do not want to miss this unforgettable experience! Apply at www.langlangfoundation.org before July 31. I hope to see you there!!, Incredible gala recital yesterday in the Hall of Mirrors to benefit the Château de Versailles Restoration Fund and The KT Wong Foundation Young Chinese Musicians Scholarship Fund., Hey, you never know when you'll need this word... Happy #MandarinMonday :), Wishing a Happy Father's Day to my dad and to all the dads out there!, Celebrating Dragon Boat Festival with traditional sticky rice dumplings (Zongzi)!, Recording a music film called "Yellow River" with Maestro Long Yu - 余隆 and the China Philharmonic Orchestra, null, Hope you enjoyed your visit to Shanghai, Mike Tyson! #IronMike, On June 28, the Berliner Philharmoniker, Sir Simon Rattle and I will dedicate our Waldbühne concert to the Syrian refugee children. To learn more about the terrible situation and our appeal for aid through UNICEF, visit: http://bit.ly/1dItKfF, The Allianz Junior Music Camp 2015 will take place this November in Vienna. The Camp is open to piano students ages 8-14 and is completely free of charge. For more information and to apply, visit the Lang Lang International Music Foundation website at www.langlangfoundation.org!, Let's ease back into the week with a simple #MandarinMonday. Sound good?, "Melodies of Peace and Development" - An amazing United Nations 70th Anniversary event in Beijing. What a perfect way to spend my birthday!, As another year ends and a new one begins, I'm again reminded of how fortunate I am to have such wonderful family and friends. I feel privileged that my career allows me to do what I love and bring music to millions around the world., Pianomania in Kunshan, China ☺️, I've just heard that a documentary that I filmed with Pos Video&Television & AVROTROS.nl called "Typical Lang Lang" has won Best Overall Film award and the Platinum Award at the prestigious Asia Pacific Film Festival in Jakarta. Congratulations to all involved!, Playing TRANSFORMERS with my good buddy, Conductor Cao Che. #StillAKidAtHeart, Calling all pianists aged 14 or younger!! The Allianz Junior Music Camp 2015 will take place this November in Vienna. The Camp is completely free of charge - including the cost of flights, ground transportation, accommodations and food for participants and one parent/guardian. Please pass this information on to any student, child, or friend that might be interested!, This guy* wins. #LaCampanella (*This guy, I'm told, is Petr Špatina from Prague), After yesterday's incredible French Open Final (Wow, Wawrinka!), I'll bet you can guess what today's #MandarinMonday is! :), Amazing day at the French Open Men's Final (Djokovich vs. Wawrinka) with Bernard Arnault and his sons. #FrenchOpenFinal, A great documentary on my friend and Lang Lang International Music Foundation Young Scholar alum Matthias Hegemann. It's so cool watching these talented kids grow up right before my eyes!, A little Friday fun :) 2Cellos (Sulic & Hauser) and I performing the famous James Bond theme (written by Paul and Linda McCartney) at "Live at the London Palladium" last month., This is what I imagined the wolf from Prokofiev's "Peter and the Wolf" looked like! #ThrowbackThursday #TBT, I'm so proud of the kids and grateful to the educators at New York's Public School 46 in Harlem for our work together on the Keys of Inspiration program. Through their partnership with the Lang Lang International Music Foundation, the students now have access to keyboards from Roland U.S. and a wonderful curriculum provided by The Royal Conservatory! I love to see so many smiles :), Europeans friends! I am happy to announce that you can now purchase my Lang Lang Parfums (for Him and for Her) online at langlangparfums.com. A great gift or special treat for yourself!, Please donate! ❤️🐘, It's hard to believe that it's already June! For our #MandarinMonday today, the word "river". I shot this when I was recording near the Hudson in New York a couple weeks ago. :), More pictures from Friday's performance at L'Opéra Royal and gala dinner in the Hall of Mirrors, Say NO to ivory! #ivoryfree, Warming up for my recital tonight at Opera Royal de Versailles!, Spanish pianist/composer Isaac Albéniz born on this day in 1860. This is the 3rd movement from his Iberian Suite (Book I), which I perfomed & recorded at the Musikverein Wien in 2010., Piano Students! Apply now for the Allianz Junior Music Camp 2015 in Vienna! Submit your application at langlangfoundation.org for an opportunity to take a masterclass with me, perform at concerts in the city, make friends and enjoy music! What are you waiting for?? :), Can you guess what piece I'm playing (Hint: It's Chopin) ;), Gershwin's "Rhapsody in Blue", filmed in Washington Square Park on May 14. Created in celebration of New York University's Class of 2015. Directed and edited by Jon Roemer. ©2015 New York University., The Forbidden City in Beijing was the Chinese imperial palace for nearly 500 years. I'm here today, so it seemed the perfect place for the next #MandarinMonday!, In honor of Richard Wagner's birthday today, "Ride of the Valkyries" arranged/performed by 8 pianists at Verbier Festival 2004 (including myself, Evgeny Kissin, James Levine, Emanuel Ax- Official Page, Leif Ove Andsnes, Claude Frank, Mikhail Pletnev and Staffan Scheja. We had a pretty fun time playing this. :), Applications for our Allianz Junior Music Camp 2015 in Vienna are now being accepted! We'll choose 10 talented pianists from around the world (ages 8-14) to participate in this incredible opportunity (for both them and me!). Please share this post with anyone you think should attend! #AllianzJuniorMusicCamp, So proud to have my teacher, Gary Graffman, watching at yesterday's New York University honorary degree presentation. Thank you, dear friend!, New York University honorary Doctor of Fine Arts. I feel incredibly honored and grateful. Congratulations to the #NYU2015 grads and ALL students graduating this year!, Cari amici, vi aspetto a #Milano! Please join me at the Teatro degli Arcimboldi on June 30 for my Expo in Città recital! Tickets: http://bit.ly/1FrIvyb, Sometimes you just need one #naptime, What time is it, kids? It's #MandarinMonday time!!, Recording session at the studio. Project a secret for now. Shhhh! 😏, Part I of CNN International's "One's to Watch" :), What a great time (and stunning space!) last night at The Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York. They have a new exhibit on Chinese-influenced fashion called "China: Through the Looking Glass" that is absolutely amazing. If you can, GO! #ChinaLookingGlass, Almost showtime at The Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York! Watch live on the NPR Music and Met websites!, So excited for this tomorrow! Streamable at 8pm EST on NPR Music and on The Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York website. I'll also live-broadcast behind-the-scenes footage on Periscope (@lang_lang). Hope you can join!, My kind of day! Rehearsal with the Houston Symphony and Andrés Orozco-Estrada for tonight's Tchaikovsky 1, then watching the FC Bayern Munich / FC Barcelona Champions League Semifinal! #FCBAYERN #FCBARCELONA, “The Chopin Album" is on sale at Google Play for only $7.99! (U.S. only / sale ends tomorrow) http://smarturl.it/6.99Classical Many other #classical titles on sale too!, It's our 10th lesson together!! What better word to learn for today's #MandarinMonday than "mother"? 

What words/phrases would you like to learn for future Mandarin Mondays? Comment below!, Happy Mother's Day, everyone! I was so happy to play an encore last night in Chicago dedicated to my own mom. Here's a portion of it!, null, Totally exciting Chicago Bulls/Cleveland Cavaliers game last night in Chicago. Close the whole time and then a buzzer-beating three by Derrick Rose to give the Bulls a 2-1 lead in the series. Big thanks to Mav for the invite! Hoping to give the "Windy City" another good time tonight at my Lyric Opera of Chicago recital :), Tonhalle Zürich pic from last night courtesy of Markus Schales. Wonderful crowd! Merci vilmal!, For anyone who missed the Expo 2015 Milano Opening with Andrea Bocelli, you can now watch the whole concert online from Rai.tv! I start at the 50' point. Also, don't miss our encores (Nessun Dorma) at 2'05 and at 2'22 (O Sole Mio)., Rainbow in Zurich!, Thanks a million! "Live and Let Die" with 2Cellos (Sulic & Hauser) now has more than 1,000,000 views on YouTube! https://youtu.be/6UMla4zYpoc, Quack Quack. It's #MandarinMonday!, At the Basilica di Santa Croce in Florence yesterday. So beautiful! Michelangelo, Galileo, Machiavelli and Rossini are all buried here! 

Looking forward to my recital at the Opera di Firenze / Maggio Musicale Fiorentino tonight! Will I see you there?? #LangLanginItaly, Photo from last night's concert with Symphonieorchester des Bayerischen Rundfunks & Andris Nelsons. Credit: Fotografie Achim Reissner / Alte Oper, Frankfurt, :), Grazie, Milano! I hope everyone at Expo 2015 Milano has a wonderful time and learns all about feeding the planet! #Expo2015, Nothing gives me greater happiness than inspiring the next generation of classical music lovers. 

Many thanks to BR-KLASSIK for this video from Tuesday's Symphonieorchester des Bayerischen Rundfunks rehearsal. We'll perform Tchaikovsky 1 together with Andris Nelsons on May 1 and 2., OMG Puccini's piano!! He wrote Turandot and so many others on this very instrument! #Expo2015Milano, #Expo2015 The Opening!

Andrea Bocelli L'Orchestra e il Coro del Teatro alla Scala, con la partecipazione di Lang Lang per l'inaugurazione di Expo 2015 Milano.
Un grande evento condotto da Antonella Clerici e Paolo Bonolis. domani alle 21.15 su #Rai1 e Radio2, Totally fun rehearsal and "Echtzeit" with Symphonieorchester des Bayerischen Rundfunks and Andris Nelsons today in front of 2,000 kids! I'll play Tchaikovsky's Piano Concerto No. 1 here at the Philharmonie am Gasteig on Friday., Great fun filming with Kaan Baysal and Allianz yesterday in Hannover. We're getting ready for the Allianz Junior Music Camp, November 2015 - this year taking place in Vienna! Stay tuned for more information about the Camp and application process., #MandarinMonday "en plein air" from Hannover! Today's word: tree, A view of the New Town Hall across the river Leine today in Hannover, Germany. Recital tonight!, It's World Immunization Week! The lives of 1.5m children could be saved each year if they had access to vaccines. #vaccineswork, Some beautiful audience shots from the Royal Albert Hall recitals. Add your own pics in the comment section below. 

P.S. Make sure to follow me on Instagram (@langlangpiano)!, Second Royal Albert Hall recital of 2015 in the books! Thank you so much to everyone who came. Let's do it again soon! :), Really enjoyed this interview I filmed with Joie Chen for Al Jazeera America. Watch part of it below!, A very special memory for me from last night. For one of the encores, I gave my recital premiere of a piece composed when I was 15 and a student at Curtis Institute of Music. Here it is! Lang Lang "Waltz" Op. 1, A quick shot from tonight's sold-out Royal Albert Hall recital. It was so amazing to be back at this historic place for my first U.K. recital of the year. If you're in London (or know someone who is), limited tickets still remain for Wednesday's recital. Get them at: http://bit.ly/1D9xZqQ, I *hope* you all had a great weekend! Now it's time for your next #MandarinMonday lesson! :), Sunday on Al Jazeera America. Don't miss it! :), Royal Albert Hall has released a select number of seats for my April 20 and April 22 recitals in London. If you haven't got tickets yet, here's your chance!! :) 

http://bit.ly/1Ctgaoy, Video from my Hublot factory visit on Monday!, Hublot factory tour with CEO Ricardo Guadalupe today in Nyon! So amazing to see the care and precision with which these watches are made. I even played a few pieces while the complications department worked. Maybe they'll sing a special melody when complete! ;), The weekend might be over, but don't be sad. It's #MandarinMonday time again! :), Beautiful view of the Rhine in Basel. Recital tonight at the Musiksaal of Stadtcasino. :), Be sure to tune in to the PBS broadcast of the first International #JazzDay (2012) from the United Nations premiering tonight at 10pm EST. I performed with Herbie Hancock. 3 dozen other musicians including Stevie Wonder, Chaka Khan, Tony Bennett, Wynton Marsalis, Wayne Shorter, Esperanza Spalding, Dee Dee Bridgewater and many others. Morgan Freeman, Quincy Jones, Robert De Niro and Michael Douglas served as hosts for the evening., Amazing Lang Lang now at the Galeries Lafayette Paris. Come try me!! :) (Lang Lang Parfums), Thanks again to Moscow for the incredibly warm welcome last night. You can watch the entire recital on replay at http://bit.ly/1IJXxhC and my interview with Телеканал "Культура" at http://bit.ly/1JopVXG, Спасибо, Москва! :) 
(Thank you, Moscow!), A very special recital tonight at Tchaikovsky Concert Hall in Moscow. To honor the occasion, I'll play all 12 of Tchaikovsky's "The Seasons" in addition to Bach's Italian Concerto and Chopin's Four Scherzos. You can watch a live webcast of the recital at 7pm here: http://meloman.ru/webcasts/online or on Russian TV (Телеканал "Культура"), An amazing honor to be appointed Beijing's Tourist Ambassador. Proud to represent this great city!!, Springtime is here...and so is our next #MandarinMonday! Have you been keeping up on your lessons??, Celebrating the success of "Father" in Beijing with PSY... and a golden Peking duck!!, Happy 5th birthday to the Apple iPad! Any requests for future #iPad encores?? :), Can you find me??? :), Amazing day in Guangzhou with Hublot, Pelé, Fabio Cannavaro and the Guangzhou Evergrande Taobao F.C. Doesn't get any better for a football fan like me. #HUBLOT, It's Monday, and you know what that means! #MandarinMonday :)
Today's lesson: "How Are You?", Wow!!! PSY's "Father" (with me playing piano) is now the #1 song in China! ☺️, PSY and I had so much fun performing together at the Asian Games last year that he asked me to join him for a Chinese-language version of his song "Father".  English lyrics here: http://bit.ly/194w4LC, #TBT back to last week in Vancouver. How cute are these kids??, Warming up. Recital about to begin!, Just a few seats remaining for tonight's recital at the Robert and Margrit Mondavi Center for the Performing Arts at UC Davis: http://bit.ly/1HFrVg2, Whirlwind trip to Las Vegas for the Music Teachers National Association 2015 Conference. Started with a masterclass with three talented students (and 1,000 music teachers in the audience - talk about pressure!!), then a showcase/book sighing with Faber Music for my Lang Lang Piano Academy series, and finally an event with The Royal Conservatory for our "Keys of Inspiration" program with the Lang Lang International Music Foundation. A great 24 hours but now on to the Bay Area for a recital at UC Davis tomorrow. :), Lang Lang's Disney Hall recital, "a vivid reminder that the pianist is a maturing, serious artist." "...a solo recital that just about any classical purist could savor." 

- Richard Ginell for the Los Angeles Times, The perfect phrase for today's "Mandarin Monday" after last night's recital at Walt Disney Concert Hall: Thank You! :), Been extra looking forward to tonight's Walt Disney Concert Hall recital for some time. Magical place!, Steinway Beverly Hills showroom opening!, Exploring the vineyards in Napa Valley yesterday - not a bad way to spend the beautiful day!, Thanks, Stanford University! Had a ton of fun around campus yesterday and performing at Bing Hall. #GoStanford Photo: Steve Castillo, Enter by midnight tomorrow (3/20) for a chance to win a signed copy of my "Mastering the Piano" series, courtesy of Alfred Music Publishing and Faber Music! Go to: www.alfred.com/langlang (seems to only work with Chrome or IE), John Legend's "Made to Love" is the track that always makes me happy! Celebrate International Day of Happiness with me and the United Nations by sharing your happy song using #HappySoundsLike on Facebook and Twitter.

Don’t  forget to listen to the full playlist tomorrow at: www.happysoundslike.com!, null, What a great time we had yesterday! Thanks to all of the students from the VSO School of Music & Maestro Bramwell Tovey. I'm excited to be back on stage at the Orpheum tonight for Mozart's Piano Concerto No. 17 with the Vancouver Symphony Orchestra!, Want to learn how to say "Music" in Mandarin? You're in luck! It's #MandarinMonday!! :), Vancouver cherry blossoms. So amazing!! #springtime, Merci, Montréal! Let's do it again tonight!!, Photos (by Tam Lan Truong) from an inspiring masterclass yesterday at Schulich School of Music of McGill University in Montreal. I love being here in the city and am looking forward to the concert tonight and tomorrow with the Orchestre symphonique de Montréal and my recital on Friday!, Kennedy Center Recital Review: Washington Post, Introducing the first of my new Facebook video series - Mandarin Monday - where I'll teach you a Chinese word or phrase each week. This week, you'll learn the word "Piano"!! :), Great interview this afternoon with Joie Chen for an upcoming "America Tonight" show on Al Jazeera America. Can't wait for it to air!, Earlier today at The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts in D.C. Thanks to all who came!!, 成龍 Jackie Chan doing his best *me* impression on Chinese TV. Not bad, Jackie. #watchyourback :P, So great to meet Hublot Chairman, Jean-Claude Biver, a couple days ago at the Madison #Hublot boutique in New York. Amazing watches and an incredible company. Such passion!, Way back #tbt! I couldn't write this post if I hadn't gotten the chance to go to school and learn. 31 million girls do not get that opportunity today. Join me in standing #UpForSchool by signing the petition at upforschool.org and write your name for those who can't. #IWD2015, There are still a few tickets remaining for my recital at The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts in Washington D.C. on Saturday. Are you coming? http://bit.ly/1wWqSPG, Wow - such amazing fans in San Antonio! And playing in the new Tobin Center for the Performing Arts was incredible - great sound and the lights you see are all LEDs!, Fitting day to walk the San Antonio Riverwalk. Happy #TexasIndependenceDay! :), null, Thank you for braving the snow/ice, Fort Worth! The hall was warm and welcoming :) Photo: Clay Powell, Travel safely!!, Black/Blue or White/Gold? Rethinking my whole wardrobe now!! :), Excited to play tonight with the North Carolina Symphony. We'll perform Grieg's Piano Concerto in A minor - one of my favorites!, Can you guess what they're doing? It took me a while to figure it out!!, I'm so happy and proud of my friends Alexandre Desplat and John Legend for their #Oscars wins last night! Alexandre and I first worked together on the soundtrack to "The Painted Veil" in 2007 (my first Hollywood project). John is such a talented musician and nice guy. I'll always be indebted to him for joining our "Lang Lang and Friends" gala in 2013. Congratulations to them both!!, null, Photos by Vanessa von Zitzewitz in January 2015, I'm very excited to be back this weekend with the Toronto Symphony Orchestra and Maestro Long Yu - 余隆 for our celebration of the Lunar New Year! I'll be performing Gershwin's "Rhapsody in Blue" and a special surprise treat :), Behind-the-Scenes of my amazing photo shoot with Vanessa von Zitzewitz for Paris Match last month. One of the most fun shoots I've ever done!! :), #ChineseNewYear Concert with Toronto Symphony Orchestra and Maestro Long Yu - 余隆 on February 21st! #YearOfTheSheep http://bit.ly/1GaKIQt, An excerpt from Tchaikovsky's "The Seasons" (October), Op. 37B #ValentinesDay, null, Photos from the #GRAMMYs events on February 8th! My third time performing!!, Sorry to ruin the monologue, The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, but it IS pronounced "Long Long". Jimmy using the same fact-checkers as Brian Williams?? ;) J/K - Love the show. Hope I can come on sometime!, Behind-the-scenes video from #GRAMMYs rehearsal on Thursday of Pharrell Williams' "Happy" (Hans Zimmer is in the background)., Video: "Happy" with Pharrell Williams and Hans Zimmer #GRAMMYs via Billboard, Photos from the #GRAMMYs events on February 8th! My third time performing!!, Amazing to work with the incredible Pharrell Williams and Hans Zimmer on "Happy" - hope it was as much fun to watch as it was to play! #GRAMMYs, A big treat meeting Gwen Stefani at her Orpheum concert tonight. Thanks, MasterCard #PricelessSurprises! I'm a big fan!, Wonderful to run into my great friend and mentor, Herbie Hancock, last night at The GRAMMYs rehearsal (bottom pic). It's hard to believe we last played together at the #GRAMMYs 7 years ago (top pic)! He hasn't aged a bit!, Ready for MusiCares! Honoring the legend himself, Bob Dylan! #GRAMMYs  #MusicaresPOTY, Keep the guesses coming!! #GRAMMYs, I'm SO happy to be back performing at The GRAMMYs on Sunday!! Stay tuned for the very special collaboration announcement. Any guesses?? :), Thrilled to be making my Edinburgh International Festival debut on August 19th with Esa-Pekka Salonen and the Philharmonia Orchestra performing Bartók's Piano Concerto No. 2! #EdintFest, Photos from Friday's concert with Maestro Zubin Mehta and the China NCPA Orchestra at Beijing's National Center for the Performing Arts. Always an honor to play with this legendary conductor!, null, Proud to be named a Hublot ambassador! I look forward to spending a lot of *time* together with this great Swiss watchmaker :), 2Cellos (Sulic & Hauser) new album #Celloverse is out today. Get it on iTunes (http://smarturl.it/celloversedlxdig) and check out the video for "Live and Let Die"! Can you tell how much fun we had playing together!!?? #2Cellos1Piano, Great to collaborate with 曹格 Gary Chaw and to meet his daughter, Grace, today. Such a sweet girl!, A look back at the #101Pianists event in Hong Kong last month. Also check out the photo gallery here: http://bit.ly/1LbqtlM, Mozart/Chopin Recital at Shanghai Symphony Hall on Friday, We launched the Chinese language version of my "Mastering the Piano" series yesterday at the Shanghai Conservatory of Music. More than 500 kids and parents came to watch masterclasses. Always inspiring to be with these young people who are so excited about music! #LangLangPianoAcademy, “I want every child, everywhere, to receive the vaccines they need so they can live to their potential - whether to be a farmer, a dancer, a pianist, a scientist or a teacher. This is an urgent task that will reap a healthier planet.” #VaccinesWork, My fragrance, Amazing Lang Lang, is available at Galeries Lafayette Berlin! Stay tuned on Lang Lang Parfums! :), Thanks, Keyboard Magazine!! You can read the Jan. 15' cover article here: http://bit.ly/1xyG1GR, Only 100 days to go! Non vedo l'ora! Expo 2015 Milano #Expo2015, Pretty cool! Billboard chose our 2014 The GRAMMYs "One" collaboration with Metallica as one of the 50 Greatest #Grammy moments of all-time!, Launch of my "Amazing Lang Lang" fragrance today!, Yesterday in Paris: Cent un pianistes! :), From the public rehearsal today of Tchaikovsky's Piano Concerto No. 1 with the Orchestre de Paris and Maestro Paavo Järvi. Watch it live tonight at 8:30pm on Radio Classique, ARTE Concert and online at http://live.philharmoniedeparis.fr/Concert/1029282.html #ParisPhil15, At rehearsal yesterday with Paavo Järvi and the Orchestre de Paris at the new Philharmonie de Paris! Our concert tomorrow can be watched live at: http://live.philharmoniedeparis.fr/Concert/1029282.html #ParisPhil15, Piano selection at the Philharmonie de Paris!, I'm thrilled to be performing Thursday at the Opening Gala Concert for the new Philharmonie de Paris with Paavo Järvi and the Orchestre de Paris. Tchaikovsky's Piano Concerto No. 1 is the perfect soundtrack for this incredible new space. I can't wait!! :), Music is Art. Art is Music.

Clip from the Dutch TV special I filmed in October with the artist SIT. AVROTROS.nl AVROTROS.Klassiek, 100 piano students + 50 keyboards + Lang Lang International Music Foundation + Tilles Center for the Performing Arts + great teaching + friendships + me! = #101Pianists Long Island NY, More photos from the first (hopefully of many!) Lang Lang Shenzhen Futian International Piano Festival this week. Many thanks to the teachers, students, city organizers, staff and audience!, Bach, Ballet and Flying Drones! This was so much fun to film. Thanks to Maia and Arthur of Het Nationale Ballet - Dutch National Ballet and AVROTROS.Klassiek. #BacktoBach, It's the first day of the Lang Lang Shenzhen Futian International Piano Festival! I've invited some of the greatest piano pedagogues in the world - including two of my teachers, Gary Graffman and Yafen Zhu. The Festival will include concerts, classes, lectures and a youth piano competition!, Photo: Harald Hoffmann, Talk about a fun season opener! I played tonight in Inner Mongolia in a city called Hohhot. The video below is me playing a Mongolian folk song with local musicians on traditional instruments. It's supposed to sound like 10,000 horses running!! :), Happy New Year from Beijing where it's already 2015!! We're trying to bring the Winter Olympics 2022 to Beijing, so it was a big party tonight at the "Bird's Nest" - I played a red piano!, What a year! So many amazing memories! It was hard to choose, but here are my "Top 14 Moments from 2014". I can't wait for 2015!!! :), The holidays are a time for sharing and surprises! Here's one from earlier in the year that MasterCard helped arrange in China. #PricelessSurprises, null, What a memorable night tonight in Beijing. Thanks to all who came, and a special thanks to Hua Chenyu (the winner of the 2013 "Super Boy" contest) and my young friends who joined me onstage! Merry Christmas, everyone!!!, Huge concert tonight at MasterCard Center in Beijing. More than 10,000 people will be there in person and millions more will watch a live webcast on Tencent. I wish everyone a wonderful holiday season!, Fun video put together by my friends at the Lang Lang International Music Foundation. You can see that I've been working on my dance moves!! :), Christmas is coming!, Just heard about the surprise passing of Udo Jürgens today in Switzerland. Vielen Dank für die Erinnerungen! #UdoJürgens, Jiujiang ❤️, Rehearsal pics this morning with the Hong Kong Philharmonic Orchestra and Maestro Jaap van Zweden prior to our performance of Mozart's Piano Concerto No. 24. Tomorrow, we'll be playing Tchaikovsky's Piano Concerto No. 1 - always a favorite :) They're a great orchestra and the audience was wonderful tonight. Thank you!, My great friends 2Cellos (Sulic & Hauser) have a new album coming out next month called #CELLOVERSE! I joined them for a crazy (and epic!) version of Paul McCartney's classic "Live and Let Die". You can pre-order the album on their website: www.2cellos.com, null, Our next #101Pianists event will be on Wednesday in Hong Kong! Then, performing two concerts on the 18th and 19th with the Hong Kong Philharmonic Orchestra and Maestro Jaap van Zweden., Chongqing, China., Photos from my concert last night in Changsha, China. It was my Mom's birthday and everyone sang to her - very special! :), This wonderful documentary on the making of The Mozart Album aired on ORF in Austria earlier in the week. Enjoy!, Honored to be the guest editor for the December issue of Faber Music's Pianofforte magazine. Includes articles on the launch of the #LangLangPianoAcademy and "Mastering the Piano" series + features on Dame Fanny Waterman and more!, Rehearsal in Nanjing a few days ago. Fun with technology! :), Sporting the New York University violet yesterday at a special NYU Shanghai concert and event. Thanks for the jacket and the warm welcome! :) Full gallery at: https://shanghai.nyu.edu/gallery/lang-lang, Today, Nikolaus Harnoncourt turns 85 years young. Happy Birthday, Maestro!, Hahaha. Nice job, guys!! :), Here are some photos from the "Steinway China 10th Anniversary" Gala concert in Beijing. It was a great event and wonderful to play some two-piano repertoire with my mentor, Gary Graffman, and Rachmaninoff with the Central Conservatory Youth Orchestra!, Have you watched the recap video for the 2014 Junior Music Camp? I'm so proud of these 14 students, and thrilled that we could provide them with such an amazing experience!, null, A Thanksgiving treat: Mozart's Rondo alla "Turkey" :), Today, I'm grateful for my family, friends, and music. Have a wonderful #Thanksgiving!!, Incredibly honored to win an Ondas Award (#Ondas2014) tonight in Barcelona. The Special Jury prize was for bringing the piano and classical music to new audiences. Muchas gracias!!, null, Thank you to China Daily, especially China Daily European Weekly, for the massive coverage of the BAMBI awards earlier this month!, Thank you, Amsterdam!!, Another wonderful #101Pianists yesterday - this time at Het Concertgebouw Amsterdam. You can watch the replay at http://bit.ly/langlanglive. I'll be back at the Concertgebouw again tonight for a recital of Mozart and Chopin!, Crazy fun filming yesterday with AVROTROS.nl for a TV special in Amsterdam. We had dancers from the Het Nationale Ballet - Dutch National Ballet, a painter, an erhu player and even a flying drone to record it! I can't wait to see how it turns out :), All roads lead to Rome :), I'm so excited to be back in Italy tonight for my recital at the Auditorium Parco della Musica - Roma. If you're not here in person, you can watch or listen at 20:30 to the live broadcast by Rai Cultura on Rai 5, Radio3 Rai and online at www.classica.rai.it. Tonight's program includes three Mozart Sonatas and Chopin's four Ballades. #LangLangInItaly, Check out this photoshoot I did for the Chinese travel magazine, "Voyage". I took them on a tour of some of my favorite places in the classical music capital of the world - Vienna! :), Wiener Konzerthaus recital tonight! #Bach #Tchaikovsky #Chopin, Paris, je t'aime, Awesome visit to FC Barcelona's Camp Nou on Saturday! Barça, Barça, Barça!, It was an inspiration to work with the #JuniorMusicCamp students yesterday in Barcelona. Such joy, positive spirit and talent! Many thanks to Allianz for their partnership with the Lang Lang International Music Foundation to make the 2014 Camp a success!, I've been receiving reports (and photos!) of how much fun the #JuniorMusicCamp students are having in Barcelona. Tomorrow, I get to meet them in-person! Thanks so much to Allianz España Oficial for being great hosts!, Vielen Dank! Such an honor to win my first BAMBI award tonight in Berlin - and even better to share it with my friend, tenor Jonas Kaufmann! #BAMBI2014, Great night with wonderful friends!, I got a chance to teach some young piano students in Berlin from my new German language edition of "Mastering the Piano"! These books will be available tomorrow through Edition Peters Group/Faber Music. Tonight, I'll be at the Philharmonie for a solo recital of Chopin and Mozart!, Wunderbar! :) This week, we release my "Mastering the Piano" (Spielend durch die Welt der Klaviertechnik) series in German through Edition Peters Group and Faber Music. http://bit.ly/1qCWzub, The kids have arrived in Barcelona at the 2014 #JuniorMusicCamp! I can't wait to meet and work with them this weekend. Thanks so much to Allianz for their generous partnership with the Lang Lang International Music Foundation to make this 2nd annual camp a reality!! :), I loved meeting so many young people passionate about music!, Great fun yesterday at the French talk show, Le Grand 8. Thanks to Laurence Ferrari and the rest of the D8 team! :), Photo: Harald Hoffmann, Great masterclass yesterday at the Conservatorio "G. Verdi" Torino. Best of luck to Giovanni, Chiara and Davide!, Thanks to Rai 5 & Rai Classica, you can watch last night's recital in Torino right from your computer! Photo: + più luce #LangLangInItaly, I went to the moon! Well, not actually me, :) but my recording of the Spring Festival Overture was taken into orbit around the moon on China's lunar explorer, "Xiaofei". This was the world's first mission to the moon (and back) in 40 years!, Live TV broadcast from Torino on Rai 5 in 1 hour!, Just arrived at the Auditorium Rai "Arturo Toscanini" in Turin. Tonight's recital will be broadcast live on Rai 5 (TV) and Radio3 Rai at 9pm Italian time!, null, Photos from my incredible (but too short!) visit to Istanbul last week. I had a great time playing with my talented new friend, Kaan Baysal, at the Zorlu Center. Also, press conferences, interviews and fun memories with my Allianz Türkiye friends. Thank you for bringing me to your beautiful country!, null, New BBC Music Magazine in stores and online now! http://m.classical-music.com/issue/december-2014, You can watch tonight's concert live from Istanbul at 8pm (local time) on Allianz Türkiye's Facebook page! 4 Chopin Ballades plus a special guest! :), Rehearsing last week with 12yr old  Lang Lang International Music Foundation Scholar Maxim Lando on Turkish composer Fazıl Say [Official]'s version of Mozart's Turkish March. You can watch The Greene Space at WNYC/WQXR entire concert at: http://bit.ly/12k75AS, I was honored to perform last night at the opening of the LVMH museum in Paris. The building, designed by Frank Gehry, is absolutely spectacular. Many thanks to my wonderful friend Mr. Arnault and all of those at the Fondation Louis Vuitton!, No visit to Paris would be complete without the Tour Eiffel, escargot and frogs legs! ;), I just arrived in Paris where tomorrow, I'll perform at the inaugural concert for the Fondation Louis Vuitton contemporary art museum - designed by Frank Gehry. Absolutely stunning!!! www.fondationlouisvuitton.fr, Our first #101Pianists event in New York today at the Tilles Center for the Performing Arts! To read more about this and other programs of the Lang Lang International Music Foundation, visit langlangfoundation.org, null, I'm dedicating tonight's concert at the Tilles Center for the Performing Arts to be part of Daniel Pearl World Music Days. Music is truly the universal language and a bridge that brings people of all backgrounds together. To learn more, visit: www.danielpearl.org, Many thanks to The KT Wong Foundation for its incredible support. Their contribution helped create the wonderful United Nations Youth Orchestra and made last night's concert in the General Assembly a success. They're a great organization doing important work!, Backstage at the #UNDay concert at the United Nations with Alec Baldwin and Sting! :), Watch our live #UNDay webcast from the United Nations at 7pm ET. Will feature 80+ kids from around the world and special guest, Sting!, Watch below for behind-the-scenes video from #UNDay rehearsal yesterday. You can watch the actual concert tomorrow (Friday) live from the United Nations at 7pm ET at  www.un.org/webcast. With an international youth orchestra, special guest Sting and host Alec Baldwin, it's going to be an incredible evening!!, Tonight's concert at The Greene Space at WNYC/WQXR with Young Scholars from the Lang Lang International Music Foundation is sold-out - BUT - you can watch a live video webcast at 7pm ET!, Who's coming out to the #HarmanStore in Midtown NYC (527 Madison Ave.) today? Free performance/CD signing begins at 2pm!, Post-rehearsal pic with Maestro Alan Gilbert and former New York Philharmonic President Zarin Mehta., "In Performance" session for The New York Times, Piano selection for tomorrow's New York Philharmonic concert! #toughchoice, I’m excited to perform at the Harman Store (#HarmanStore) on Madison Avenue in NYC this Wednesday from 2-3:30 PM!  First 100 will receive an autographed copy of #TheMozartAlbum!, Friends! Today #TheMozartAlbum is out everywhere!! :)

Get your CD at: http://smarturl.it/ll-mozartalbumdeluxe 
Download at: http://smarturl.it/ll-mozartalbum 
Vinyl at: http://smarturl.it/ll-mozartalbum-vinyl 
Stream at: http://smarturl.it/mozartalbum-spotify, A very emotional afternoon at the farewell party for Steinway Hall on W. 57th in New York. I've spent so much time here over the years, as has almost every great pianist in the last century; unforgettable memories which I'll always treasure in my heart., Here are two great auction opportunities. Support great causes (Lang Lang International Music Foundation and Points of Light) and win some fantastic prizes/experiences - including private backstage meet&greets, Montblanc watches, a Steinway piano, JBL headphones and much more! Auctions end this week!

http://givingworks.ebay.com/langlangfoundation/

https://www.biddingforgood.com/auction/auctionhome.action?vhost=pointsoflight, Photos from the St. Louis Symphony #RedVelvetBall with Maestro David Robertson. Great to be back with the Symphony after so many years (14!!). Credit: Dilip Vishwanat/St. Louis Symphony, What to look (and listen) for when trying out a new piano:, An incredibly humbling and inspiring day with the patients and families at Mercy St. Louis. These #MercyKids really touched my heart. Thank you for inviting me to visit with you., I'm looking forward to the St. Louis Symphony "Red Velvet Ball" on Saturday. Tickets still available! http://bit.ly/1udOukf, New Yorkers! One week from today (Oct. 22), I'll be at the Flagship Harman Store in Midtown from 2pm to 3:30pm to meet fans. The first 100 people will get an autographed copy of #TheMozartAlbum. Please share this news with your friends!! :), Join my first-ever reddit AMA tonight at 7pm ET and "Ask Me Anything"! :) www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/, For those on Spotify, I created a new #TheMozartAlbum playlist. The album comes out in Germany/Austria/Switzerland on Friday and the rest of the world on October 20th! , null, Photos from around Cleveland today. Exploring these fascinating places is one of the best things about touring as a musician. So much to learn and to see! :), null, It was an honor meeting the wonderful kids from Miller South School for the Visual and Performing Arts today in Akron, OH. The school is supported by LeBron James' LeBron James Family Foundation and works to help them understand that they can be anything that they want to be! #IPROMISE, Night 1: The Cleveland Orchestra, Lang Lang and Conductor Franz Welser-Möst. Photo: Roger Mastroianni, Great rehearsal today with The Cleveland Orchestra and Maestro Franz Welser-Möst. We're ready for tonight's program of Chopin and Strauss! :), Breakfast this morning on the way to Severance Hall. Tonight is the first of 4 concerts with The Cleveland Orchestra! I'm very excited to be back., Enter to win an autographed copy of #TheMozartAlbum from the New York Philharmonic! U.S. residents/18+ http://woobox.com/j43d2s, My interview with Sinovision美国中文电视 will air tonight at 11pm EST. We talked about #TheMozartAlbum and my upcoming United Nations Day concert on October 24th., The third behind-the-scenes webisode (Viennese Flair) for #TheMozartAlbum is now live. Maestro Harnoncourt and I talk about how the Vienna Philharmonic / Wiener Philharmoniker is uniquely suited to play Mozart's music., Congratulations to the 12 winners that will be going to Barcelona, Spain this year to participate in #JuniorMusicCamp. I can't wait to meet you all!! 

Alasdair Makoto Takahashi Howell, 10 years old, United Kingdom
Enrico Noel Czmorek, 11 years old, Hungary
Greta Maria Lobefaro, 12 years old, Italy
Hao Li, 10 years old, China 
Jan Niković, 13 years old, Croatia
Ji Won Jung, 13 years old, South Korea
Kaan Baysal, 11 years old, Turkey
Kevin Jansson, 14 years old, Ireland
Kimberly Han, 13 years old, USA
Maxim David Lando, 12 years old, USA
Vi Tuong Nguyen, 13 years old, USA
Ziemowit Piotr Świtalski, 13 years old, Poland

Photo: Christian Schmidt, Levels 4 & 5 of my Mastering the Piano series with Faber Music are out now at langlangpianoacademy.com. I'd love to know what you and your piano students think about the series. Comment below! :), The New York Philharmonic and I are giving away an autographed copy of #TheMozartAlbum. I'll be performing two of the piano concertos from the album on Oct. 21st with the orchestra under Maestro Alan Gilbert. Enter below! :), Amazing Carnegie Hall Opening Night Gala with Sir Simon Rattle, the Berliner Philharmoniker and violinist Anne-Sophie Mutter. The dinner was in the new Weill Terrace on top of #CarnegieHall. So beautiful!, #TheMozartAlbum has been "Mastered for iTunes" and is available in the U.S. now: http://smarturl.it/ll-mozartalbum. Comment below if you've downloaded yours! :), I'm so excited! Today my all-Mozart double-CD, #TheMozartAlbum, is released in the U.S. (the rest of the world on 10/17)! It includes two piano concertos recorded with the Vienna Philharmonic / Wiener Philharmoniker and Maestro Harnoncourt, and three sonatas performed live at Royal Albert Hall last year. You can get it at Amazon Music! http://smarturl.it/ll-mozartalbumdeluxe, Congratulations to my partners and team on this recognition! I look forward to many more projects together spreading music around the world! , Thanks to The Philadelphia Orchestra, Maestro Nézet-Séguin and the great audiences from the past 3 days. You always make me feel so at home. :), The 2nd video “Mozart for Two” is now live. Watch as Maestro Nikolaus Harnoncourt and I talk about recording together for my new release “The Mozart Album”. http://mozart.langlang.com, Kisses from Yannick and me! :), Visited the University of Pennsylvania yesterday to see Jiang Wen, the great Chinese film director, speak. Inspiring!, Practice, Practice, Practice! :), It was so great seeing my friend Yannick Nézet-Séguin and musicians from The Philadelphia Orchestra this week at the United Nations. Now we're together again - back in Philadelphia - for three concerts (Mozart's Piano Concerto No. 17 K. 453) beginning on Friday. For tickets and more info: http://bit.ly/Y7a3q5, In celebration of the awesomeness that is Mozart  – come and enter my “Mad about Mozart” video competition.  It’s easy and fun – and I can’t wait to see the results of how Mozart’s music inspires you. Find everything you need to know about it here: smarturl.it/madaboutmozart, Practicing my lines! In 30 minutes (7:15pm ET), I'm introducing a special performance of "Ode to Humanity" at the United Nations by musicians from The Philadelphia Orchestra with Maestro Yannick Nézet-Séguin. You can watch the performance live on the UN website: http://webtv.un.org/, Video of the opening ceremony performance of PSY's "Champion" last night in Incheon! #2014AsianGames, Performing "Champion" with PSY tonight at the #2014AsianGames Opening Ceremony in Incheon was incredible! Good luck to all of the athletes!! #Incheon2014, I have a new album coming out soon which I’m very excited about  - “The Mozart Album”  - recorded with conductor Nikolaus Harnoncourt and the Vienna Philharmonic / Wiener Philharmoniker. Watch the first  behind-the-scenes webisode, “Mozart’s Bird”, at: http://mozart.langlang.com. Make sure to check back in each week to watch the next video in the series! :), New album available for pre-order now!

http://mozart.langlang.com/, New album available for pre-order now!

http://mozart.langlang.com/, Talking with Paul E. Jacobs, inventor and Executive Chairman of Qualcomm, about the balance between discipline and freedom, challenging fathers, artificial intelligence and much more! , What a fun concert this was! Thanks to Maestro Langrée, the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra, and the wonderful audience. You always make me feel at home! :), I can't wait to join PSY at the Opening Ceremony of the 2014 Asian Games in Incheon on September 19th. Oppan "LangLang" Style! :) #Incheon2014, Interesting. What do you think? , Tickets for my November 4 concert in Turin with the Orchestra Sinfonica Nazionale della Rai are now on sale. Until today, only subscribers could purchase. It should be a lot of fun! , #tbt to last year in Monaco when I joined Jamie Cullum for a jazzed-up version of "Pure Imagination." I recently met back up with Jamie at his BBC Radio 2 show to talk about Herbie Hancock and the similarities between #jazz and #classical. Listen here: 

http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b04gbwbv, I'm looking forward to the all-Beethoven Opening gala concert with the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra and Maestro Louis Langrée on Saturday. I served as the Symphony's Creative Director during the 2011-12 season and I'm excited to be back in the Queen City! There are still a few tickets left: http://bit.ly/1BszQHR, Here's audio from my appearance on BBC World Service's "The Arts Hour". We talked about visualizing music, the value of practice and... staccato cats! :), Happy Mid-Autumn (Moon) Festival! Enjoy your mooncake! :), I had the privilege of performing yesterday at the opening concert of the new Shanghai Symphony Hall with the SSO under Maestro Long Yu - 余隆. The orchestra's 135th anniversary!!, This looks amazing! All three #LOTR movies with a live orchestra!, I had a wonderful time appearing at BBC's The One Show on Tuesday. Here is video of my performance - including the world premiere of one of my own compositions, written when I was 15! :) , null, What a great evening appearing at BBC's The One Show! My new set of piano technique books (#LangLangPianoAcademy) came out and I gave one (Level 2) to the incredible Helen Mirren, who plays piano too! She loved the idea of making music FUN. Practice hard, Helen! :), null, It was wonderful playing with the Vienna Philharmonic / Wiener Philharmoniker under Maestro Gatti tonight. Afterwards, I attended a party with my friend, Bianca Jagger. Such an inspirational person!, GREAT PERFORMANCES l PBS has the 2014 Summer Night Concert available to free-stream until September 5th. Enjoy!, Pre-order books #1-3 of #LangLangPianoAcademy for their September 2nd release now!, A great success last night in Lucerne! Photos copyright Peter Fischli, LUCERNE FESTIVAL. Off to Salzburg today! :), Thanks for the #IceBucketChallenge, Placido Domingo! I'm donating and will perform at an #ALS benefit in Taiwan. I encourage everyone to give today to help find a cure! http://www.alsa.org/donate/, At the beautiful Lake Lucerne in Switzerland. I'm looking forward to tomorrow's recital at KKL Luzern as part of the LUCERNE FESTIVAL! :), U.S.A. friends! Don't miss tonight's broadcast of Sommernachtskonzert 2014! 9/8c on PBS GREAT PERFORMANCES l PBS, THE HIGHEST LEVEL has been chosen to screen at the Montreal World Film Festival /Festival des Films du Monde de Montreal - FFM this weekend! For more information or tickets: http://www.ffm-montreal.org/en/137-en_the-highest-level.html, There's only 5 days left to apply to #JuniorMusicCamp taking place this November in Barcelona, Spain!, The first "Lang Lang Shenzhen Futian International Art Festival" will take place in January 2015. Two of my former teachers, Gary Graffman and Zhu Yafen, will attend as guests - in addition to 6 other top piano teachers/performers including Antonio Pompa-Baldi and Solomon Mikowski!, I'm looking forward to being back in St. Louis to perform with the St. Louis Symphony on Oct. 18 (Tchaikovsky's Piano Concerto No. 1). It's been more than 10 years since I was there last!, I met a Siberian tiger cub today in the city of Harbin in Northeastern China. We need to do everything we can to protect the tigers and other endangered animals!! Supporting World Wildlife Fund and other organizations like it is a great place to start!, null, Photos from my summer concert tour in China!, Books 1-3 of my new "Lang Lang Piano Academy" series will be released on September 2 through Faber Music. You can order the books and learn more at www.langlangpianoacademy.com! :), I'm very excited to be back at the LUCERNE FESTIVAL later this month (August 24) for a sold-out recital. Always such a wonderful festival in the most beautiful of locations!! http://www.lucernefestival.ch, There's less than 1 month to go before applications are due for the 2014 #JuniorMusicCamp, sponsored by Allianz. Go to the Lang Lang International Music Foundation website at http://bit.ly/1rh3YDK and apply!, Today, World Day against Trafficking in Persons, help give a voice to the voiceless: join the #igivehope campaign! http://www.unodc.org/endht/, On-Demand BBC Radio 3 broadcast of my April recital in Dublin , Apply to the 2014 #JuniorMusicCamp: http://bit.ly/1nJ8TL4, There's still time to apply to #JuniorMusicCamp 2014 in Barcelona - presented by the Lang Lang International Music Foundation and Allianz! http://bit.ly/1nJ8TL4, Photo credit: Xun Chi (www.facebook.com/chixun), #HandsMadeForRachmaninoff :), null, With the King, LeBron James!, I had a fantastic time with NBA legend, LeBron James, yesterday in Beijing. I finally got to make good on the piano lesson he's been asking for. Given that it was his first time... not bad! ;), Congratulations to Maestro Long Yu - 余隆 and the China Philharmonic - the first ever Chinese conductor and Chinese orchestra to play the #BBCProms!, CCTV ran this segment on the #WorldCupConcert where I talk about the similarities between music and football! :), Applications for this year's #JuniorMusicCamp in Barcelona are flying in from around the globe! If you know a talented pianist 14yrs or younger, tell them about this amazing opportunity to learn, to meet new friends and to enjoy music together!, I'm very excited to announce my new series of piano technique books for children in partnership with Faber Music! To learn more, visit: www.langlangpianoacademy.com , null, Album of photos from the #Germany / #Argentina #WorldCup Final!, I was shocked to hear about the passing of one of my musical mentors, Maestro Lorin Maazel. Maestro Maazel invited me to be his first soloist when he became Music Director of the New York Philharmonic. We did a world tour together shortly after that. I will always be grateful to him for believing in me, and I will miss him always. My thoughts go out to his family today, but I hope that they take comfort knowing that his music will live in all of our hearts forever., Album of photos from the #Germany / #Argentina #WorldCup Final!, Getting on the bus to go over to the stadium for today's #WorldCup final. So excited!! Good luck to both teams :) Check my Instagram for photos throughout the day/match: @langlangpiano, null, Amo o Brasil! Photos from tonight's incredible Placido Domingo #WorldCupConcert with Ana María Martínez, Maestro Eugene Kohn, the Orquestra Sinfônica Brasileira, Paula Fernandes and others., Tonight's #WorldCupConcert with Placido Domingo will be broadcast in more than 45 countries (most of them tomorrow)! Check below for the date and channel and check your local listings for times:

China: 7/12 - CCTV / BesTV / CINEMA

Belgium, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Cyprus, Estonia, France, Germany, Hungary, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Malaysia, Malta, Mongolia, Poland, Philippines, Romania, Slovakia, South Africa, South Korea, Spain, Switzerland: 7/12 - Classica Live

Lithuania: 7/12 - Lithuanian TV

Mexico, Argentina, Bolivia, Chile, Ecuador, Colombia, Paraguay, Peru, Uruguay, Venezuela, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Honduras, Nicaragua, Panama: 7/12 - MVS

Norway: 7/25 - NRK

Austria: 7/12 - ORF 3

Slovenia: 7/14 - Slovenian TV

United States: 7/12 - Univision, With the beautiful and talented Brazilian singer, Paula Fernandes! #WorldCupConcert, Traffic was jammed in Rio but we made it to the #WorldCupConcert rehearsal! :), null, Yesterday's first rehearsal for the #WorldCupConcert with the legend himself, Placido Domingo! We huddled around a TV to watch the end of the Argentina-Netherlands game :), Had a great time kicking the "bola" around on Flamengo Beach yesterday before the game. Congratulations to the German team but my sympathies go out to Brazil for yesterday's tough loss. Hope that today's #Netherlands / #Argentina game is exciting!, null, Scenes from around Rio de Janeiro today. Everyone is getting ready for the big #Brazil / #Germany semi-final match! Who will you be rooting for?, Olá Rio!, Here are a couple of photos from Saturday's Klassik am Odeonsplatz concert with Alan Gilbert and the Müncher Philharmoniker. So glad it didn't rain this time! :), Rio de Janeiro - I'm on my way!! Rehearsals for the #WorldCupConcert with Placido Domingo and the Orquestra Sinfônica Brasileira begin on Tuesday. Music and Football together - what could be better!? :), Rehearsing at the Odeonsplatz for tonight's Prokofiev 3 with the Munich Philharmonic and Maestro Alan Gilbert!, Rehearsing Rachmaninoff's Piano Concerto No. 2 with the Lebanese Philharmonic Orchestra under Maestro Darrell Ang for tonight's Byblos International Festival concert. Some last-minute tickets still available! http://bit.ly/1kbuoBk, Do you have the Lang Lang iPhone/iPad app? It was developed by my team in China and has lots of unreleased videos (like the one below!) and photos. It's free to download. :) 

https://itunes.apple.com/app/id878911348, Happy 50th Birthday to the great Chinese conductor, Long Yu - 余隆! I was honored to perform tonight at his "Long Yu and Friends" concert in Beijing with the China Philharmonic Orchestra and many wonderful musicians including Tan Dun, Alison Balsom, Maxim Vengerov and others. It was a great night! :), The location of this year's Junior Music Camp is... Barcelona!! 12 talented young pianists (14 and younger) from all over the world will be chosen to participate in this great musical experience. November 10-16. Apply now! 

www.langlangfoundation.org, Coming up on Thursday at the Byblos International Festival!

http://www.byblosfestival.org/LangLang, Good luck to both teams playing today! I'm a big fan of both #Germany and the #USA! #WorldCup, Back in New York and proud to honor UJA-Federation of New York #MusicVisionary Neil Portnow of The GRAMMYs with my friend LL Cool J!, Some fan Instagram shots from last night's concert at the stunning Palacio de Bellas Artes oficial in Mexico City! Tag your photos with #langlang and follow me for more photos! @langlangpiano :), Will be rooting for #Mexico today in my new national team jersey!! #WorldCup, null, I'm looking forward to tonight's masterclass with the three very talented young students in Mexico City!! A special thanks to Telefónica México for making this event possible in partnership with the Lang Lang International Music Foundation., One more time from the bottom of my heart... Thank you, Buenos Aires and Argentina!!, I'm getting very excited for the #WorldCupConcert in Rio de Janeiro with Placido Domingo on July 11!, Today, I had the privilege of visiting the Escuela de Música Juan Pedro Esnaola in Buenos Aires. Their wonderful guitar camerata performed for us. You might recognize this piece from Argentinian composer Ástor Piazzolla! Thanks to all the wonderful students and to the U.N. and Buenos Aires Education Ministry who showed me around!! It was truly a special day for me. :), My new Argentine friends! :), Photos from last night at Teatro Colón! Gracias, Buenos Aires! One more tomorrow night :), Excited to have arrived in Argentina - the home of my favorite football player and good friend, Leo Messi! I have recitals tomorrow and Friday at Teatro Colón but he's a little busy at the moment! :), Hey everyone! Today's the international release date of the SUMMER NIGHT CONCERT 2014 album - with the Vienna Philharmonic / Wiener Philharmoniker, Maestro Christoph Eschenbach and myself! Get your copy here http://smarturl.it/snk14-cd or order it from iTunes http://smarturl.it/snk14, Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there!, Life-size chocolate piano and mini-pianos made by Chef Delia of The Langham, Xintiandi Shanghai!, Tonight in Shanghai, friends and family surprised me with a party for my 32nd birthday. I'm so lucky to have such wonderful people in my life. Thank you all!, Thank you for your support!! :), Wow! Next 4 weeks = 4 continents! :)

June 18/20: Buenos Aires, Argentina (South America)
June 23: Mexico City, Mexico (North America)
July 3: Byblos, Lebanon (Asia)
July 5: Munich, Germany (Europe), Brings back great memories of performing with the China Philharmonic Orchestra and the great Chinese Maestro, Long Yu - 余隆! , On July 11th, just two days before the World Cup Finals, I'm honored to join Placido Domingo with Orquestra Sinfônica Brasileira and other special guests for "Concert in Rio 2014." Tickets go on sale this Friday! bit.ly/1o6CzBr, Video from last week's Piazza Duomo concert! via: Corriere Tv, Have you texted to receive your digital autograph yet? (U.S. only), Some great photos from Monday's concert at Piazza del Duomo with Esa-Pekka Salonen and Filarmonica della Scala!, For those who weren't able to be at last night's memorable "Sommernachtskonzert" at Schönbrunn, you can pre-order the CD or digital download! A DVD/Blu-Ray will also be out soon.

iTunes: http://smarturl.it/snk14
CD: http://smarturl.it/snk14-cd, Click to watch yesterday's episode of “Petruška” from Rai 5!, An absolutely incredible night with Maestro Eschenbach, the Vienna Philharmonic / Wiener Philharmoniker and tens of thousands of people at the beautiful Schönbrunn Palace and Gardens! We performed Richard Strauss' Burleske for Piano and Orchestra in D minor. As an encore, I played Mozart's "Turkish March" - especially fitting since Mozart played for the imperial family at the age of 6 (!) at Schönbrunn. I also met Richard Strauss' granddaughter who said that he would have enjoyed the concert very much. :), 1 day until the big concert at Schönbrunn in Vienna. It's a bit cold and windy today, but 100,000 people should help warm it up tomorrow! , The Sommernachtskonzert tomorrow at Schönbrunn will be recorded - and you can be one of the first to receive it. Pre-order your copy now!

CD: http://smarturl.it/snk14-cd
iTunes: http://smarturl.it/snk14, I'll be appearing on tomorrow's episode of “Petruška” on Rai 5. 9:15pm CEST. , Grazie Milano! It was always a dream of mine to play in the Piazza del Duomo. Special thanks to Maestro Esa-Pekka Salonen and the wonderful Filarmonica della Scala!

Video Credit: Filarmonica/Musicom.it, A little bit more from Rachmaninoff's Second Piano Concerto tonight, So many people watched the livestream, I'm told, that the site crashed! Hopefully some of you were able to watch! For those who couldn't, here's a clip from the final movement. I'll post more later! Thank you, Milan, for the incredible reception!, Sound Check!, Even if you're not in Milan, you can still watch tonight's concert! 

In about 3 hours (9pm CEST), Filarmonica della Scala will livestream from Piazza del Duomo. I hope that you'll watch! , Ciao from Milano! Tomorrow's concert (Rachmaninoff Piano Concerto No. 2) with Esa-Pekka Salonen and the Filarmonica della Scala in Piazza del Duomo will be livestreamed at www.filarmonica.it at 9pm CEST., Good Pizza - Great Friends - Beautiful Music :), Wiener Philharmoniker, Christoph Eschenbach, Lang Lang /22. 5. 2014/ © Prague Spring – Ivan Malý, Get a digital autograph! Just text the word PIC and your email address (separated by a space) to 768848. U.S. only right now but we'll be expanding our mobile fan platform to other countries soon! :), On Monday in Paris, we held the launch for my new fragrance for men and women which will be released in stores in Europe in November and China next year! I'm so excited for this new project and partnership with Barbara Le Portz. Many more details to come! :), Are you between 6 and 16 years old? Want to play with me and 100 other pianists at the Het Concertgebouw Amsterdam!? The deadline to register is coming up fast - June 2nd! , A beautiful day in Prague. I was even able to spend some time outside with cellist Mischa Maisky and his family who performed at the Prague Spring International Music Festival last night! Tonight, Maestro Eschenbach, the Vienna Philharmonic / Wiener Philharmoniker and I will perform Strauss' Burleske for Piano and Orchestra., Coffee break with Maestro Christoph Eschenbach in Vienna. We'll perform tomorrow in Prague and Saturday in Leipzig to celebrate Strauss'  150th anniversary!, null, null, Check out this Filarmonica della Scala flash mob in Milan promoting our concert with Esa-Pekka Salonen on the 26th in Piazza Duomo! , My friend, Gustavo Dudamel, featured in New York Magazine. They followed him around for 12 hours and took pictures of his day. It happened to be one of the days I was with him and the LA Phil! :)

Full article via Vulture: http://www.vulture.com/2014/05/life-in-pictures-gustavo-dudamel.html, On May 29th, I'll be joining Maestro Christoph Eschenbach and the Vienna Philharmonic / Wiener Philharmoniker for the annual Summer Night Concert (Sommernachtskonzert) at Schönbrunn Palace in Vienna. More than 100,000 people are expected to attend this free concert!! :) 

http://www.wienerphilharmoniker.at/summer-night-concert-main, Recital tonight in Essen, as part of the Klavier-Festival Ruhr. I'm glad that we were able to reschedule from March. I'll make it up to you! :), On Tuesday, I had a wonderful visit to the Boston Arts Academy for the 1 year anniversary of the "Keys to Inspiration" program that we developed together through the Lang Lang International Music Foundation. It was incredible to see our dream of igniting a passion for classical music in the next generation working so well in this public school. I hope it is the first of many!! :), The official 2014 FIFA World Cup album, "One Love, One Rhythm" is now available at iTunes, Amazon and all major retailers! So many great artists from all over the world. It was my special pleasure to partner with Bebel Gilberto on the song "Tico Tico". I hope it gets you in the mood for some incredible football action this summer!

iTunes: http://smarturl.it/FWCalbum 
Amazon: http://smarturl.it/FWCamazon
Google Play: http://smarturl.it/FWCgoogleplay, Today, for something a little different! My friend, JUN.K invited me to play on his new track REAL LOVE for his upcoming album. We also performed together! Here's a short video of our interview and performance. , A sneak-peek of "Tico Tico", the track I recorded with Brazilian singer Bebel Gilberto for the official 2014 FIFA World Cup album which will be released tomorrow. Are you looking forward to the World Cup as much as I am!!? :), Happy Mother's Day!!, Great friends!, I love L.A.! :), Tell the United Nations the amazing world you want. Join the #globalvote for a better world!, Promotional video for the upcoming free concert with Esa-Pekka Salonen and the Filarmonica della Scala at Piazza Del Duomo on May 26th!, I'm really looking forward to being in Los Angeles for 4 concerts with my friend Gustavo Dudamel and the LA Phil in a few days!!, Happy May Day! It's also #ThrowbackThursday. This one is from 2006 when I "adopted" a giant panda named Liang Liang! You can support the World Wildlife Fund and help protect these incredible animals and their natural habitat by donating here: bit.ly/1o6ZHhN, I'm thrilled to be playing the opening concert of the Byblos International Festival on July 3rd with the Lebanese Philharmonic Orchestra and Maestro Darrell Ang. This will be my first time playing in Lebanon! Tickets and more information below:, Wishing Maestro Zubin Mehta a very happy 78th birthday today!! :), Recently, I’ve heard some beautiful names of colors - "sky blue" is my favorite among others. I think each piece of music has its own color. When I play Tchaikovsky's "December: Christmas" from "The Seasons," I can clearly picture the color "evergreen". 

What’s your favorite music and what color is it? :), Ciao friends! I'm excited to announce a FREE, open-air concert in the Piazza del Duomo in Milan on May 26th (next month) with Esa-Pekka Salonen and the La Scala Philharmonic. , Sergei Prokofiev born on this day in 1891. Here are 15 interesting facts about this great Russian composer put together by Classic FM! I learned a lot! , A nice review of Saturday's recital in Dublin by Goldenplec.com Music News :) , Happy Easter, everyone!, Performing Manuel Ponce's "Intermezzo" last night on the Late Late Show on RTÉ. So wonderful being back in Ireland!, The GRAMMY Museum has posted several video clips from when I was there in January. Take a look!, Here's an interview I did with The Irish Times ahead of my recital at National Concert Hall, Dublin, Ireland on Saturday!, I'm in Vienna recording at the Musikverein Wien with the Vienna Philharmonic / Wiener Philharmoniker and Maestro Nikolaus Harnoncourt through Thursday. Wish I could tell you more but it's closely under wraps for now!! :), “The international community has an opportunity to help and an obligation to act” - Ban Ki-moon on Central African Republic, #tbt with Oscar the Grouch! :), Article in Time Out Hong Kong about tomorrow's concert with the Hong Kong Philharmonic Orchestra:, Some of my favorite fan photos from Instagram. So many good ones! If you have any, upload and tag with #langlang. Also make sure to follow me! (www.instagram/langlangpiano), Backstage at the "Peace & Love & Friendship" concert yesterday with the great guys of EXO! #EXO, 成龍 Jackie Chan's 60th Birthday in Beijing. What do you think? Rush Hour 4?? :), Dr. Lang Lang! :) Thanks so much to Birmingham City University for bestowing upon me this honorary award. I'm humbled and grateful for the special recognition., Interview and deredactie.be segment (in Dutch) on my Brussels recital at BOZAR , Hallo/Bonjour/GutenTag, Belgium! (Belgium has three official languages!) See you tonight at BOZAR for my Chopin & Mozart recital :), A nice video from Saturday's Mozart/Chopin recital in Wolfsburg. Definitely one of the most unique places I've ever played - a Volkswagen factory!! :), Happy birthday to a true genius and creative inspiration, Johann Sebastian Bach. , Tomorrow, I'm excited to be back in Wolfsburg Germany to perform at the Volkswagen factory as part of the Soli Deo Gloria - Braunschweig Festival!, A couple more great photos from Frankfurt. Thanks to Tibor-Florestan Pluto and the Alte Oper!, Happy Birthday today to Béla Bartók!, Get those applications in! http://langlangfoundation.org/, A few more pictures from my recital yesterday in Frankfurt at Alte Oper :), Great seeing my friend Paavo Järvi in Frankfurt!, With the coach of the German national football team, Joachim Löw!, My mom and I surprised Queen Máxima of the Netherlands tonight in Baden Baden where she received the Deutscher Medienpreis (German Media Prize) for her work fighting against poverty. An incredible woman!, Introducing the Lang Lang Challenge! Telefónica, Wayra and the Lang Lang International Music Foundation want to get classical music to millions of people through technology. If you have an idea or a mobile app that lets someone know, enjoy and share the classical music experience, apply and if your idea is the winner, you will get a €30,000 prize to develop it! Visit https://langlang.wayra.org/ for more information. I can't wait to see what all you creative people come up with! :), Please join my dear friend, erhu master Guo Gan, for a special evening at Carnegie Hall next Tuesday.

More info and tickets here:  http://www.carnegiehall.org/Calendar/2014/3/25/0730/PM/Guo-Gan-Erhu/, My GRAMMY suit is now on display at The GRAMMY Museum. How cool is that!?, Busking with the Terem Quartet at Odeonsplatz (Munich) where I'll be playing with the Munich Philharmonic and Alan Gilbert on July 5th! http://bit.ly/1qVStQf, A bit from the Adagio assai (second movement) of Ravel's Piano Concerto in G major from last week's performances with the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra under Maestro David Robertson. , Wonderful day in Munich!, Photo: Rob Garland Photographers, Amsterdam and Brussels :), Here's the "Live in London" trailer which will be shown in movie theatres in South Korea! , Today I’m joining UNICEF and partners and changing my cover photo to voice my outrage and demand a better future for the #childrenofsyria. Help us spread this message for the 5.5 million children affected by this crisis.  Join us! Right-click on my profile to save it and use it as your own. http://bit.ly/nolostgeneration, My brand new website is now live!! Please take a look and make sure that you sign up for the mailing list. I'll be sending out special gifts and offers for those who do! www.langlang.com  , Last night, I had the great pleasure of performing with the German electronic duo, Booka Shade, at Volkswagen's E-Mobility week in Berlin. #vw_electrified, Nice review (I think) from the Toulouse recital :), We've extended the deadline for the Lang Lang International Music Foundation's Young Scholars Program to March 31st. Please share if you know any talented young musicians! , My Royal Albert Hall concert will be shown in Korean movie theatres this month. Be on the lookout!, I recorded an exclusive performance of "The Dance of Waterweeds" last month with Yahoo Music. Enjoy and download this track exclusively on iTunes! http://smarturl.it/ll-happychinese, More photos from the concerts with Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia and Antonio Pappano in Rome., Backstage laughs with Antonio Pappano last night in Rome. "Grazie mille" to all my new Italian friends! :), Segment on Tg2 about the concerts in Rome. If you speak Italian, will probably make more sense! :), Rehearsing the Prokofiev 3 with Maestro Antonio Pappano and the Orchestra dell'Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia :), Roma!, Just arrived in Rome where I'm thrilled to be performing for three nights with my great Italian "amicone", Maestro Antonio Pappano and the Santa Cecilia Orchestra (Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia). I'll join them for Prokofiev's Piano Concerto No. 3 in C major. I hope to have lots more to share over the next few days! :), 1/3/4 marzo 2014
Auditorium Parco della Musica di Roma
Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia
Antonio Pappano, direttore
Lang Lang, pianoforte Meyerbeer, Dinorah: Ouverture Prokofiev, Concerto per pianoforte n. 3 Saint-Saëns, Sinfonia n. 3 , International Tchaikovsky Competition for Young Musicians, 1995 (with the Moscow Philharmonic Orchestra) #tbt, Congratulations to United Nations Development Programme - UNDP Goodwill Ambassador, Zhou Xun, for receiving the Medal of the Order of Arts and Letters from the French Minister of Foreign Affairs. A great honor for someone who has worked tirelessly to make the world a greener place!, Have you watched "Why Bartók Rocks" yet? Mark Guiliana and I had so much fun reimagining Prokofiev 3 and Bartók 2 in the rehearsal studio. Would love to know what you think! , Thank you so much to Mayor Melvin L. "Kip" Holden and the wonderful people of Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Not only did they pack the hall for the concert with the Baton Rouge Symphony Orchestra last night, but they made me an honorary Mayor and even named the day after me!! I'm incredibly indebted for your kindness and generosity., Majestic Mississippi River #nofilter, Today, UNICEF launches its biggest ever appeal to help 59 million children in emergencies around the world. Please join me in helping them reach their $2.2B goal. , Sunset in Florida, Official unveiling of the Bugatti Grand Sport Vitesse "Lang Lang" this weekend in Qatar. 0-60 in 2.6 seconds! They gave me a toy replica for my room :), In about an hour, performing Ravel's wonderful Piano Concerto in G major with Maestro Ward Stare and the Naples Philharmonic. My tour of the U.S. South has been wonderful. Next up, Atlanta - then Baton Rouge!, Pretty cool! Earlier in the week, German figure skater, Peter Liebers, skated his short program to 2Cellos' version of the Coldplay song "Clocks" (on which I had the pleasure of playing)., Thanks to Rob Garland Photographers for these great photos from last night's The Paramount Theater of Charlottesville recital!, Lots of snow today in Charlottesville VA, but the show must go on! Recital tonight begins at 8pm., "If music be the food of love, play on." - William Shakespeare 

As my Valentine's Day gift to you, enjoy Ponce's Intermezzo No. 1. Please share music with your loved ones today!, Great to see my friend, Branford Marsalis and his daughter last night in Chapel Hill. A big thanks to the Carolina Performing Arts and Emil for having me! Next up, Norfolk and Charlottesville Virginia!, Metallica and I have released a rehearsal-version of our "One" collaboration - recorded live at EastWest Studios. Proceeds benefit MusiCares! http://smarturl.it/MetLangLang-iTunes, I visited a picturesque horse farm in Lexington, Kentucky today. The horse in the picture (not the pony!) won the Kentucky Derby! What a fun day!, The Governor of Kentucky, Steve Beshear, surprised me after the concert tonight at the University of Kentucky with a special honor. Thanks to him, Maestro John Nardolillo, the UKSO and all who came tonight. Go Big Blue! :), Looking forward to tonight's performance with the University of Kentucky Symphony Orchestra at the Singletary Center for the Arts. It's not often I get a chance to play with a student orchestra - such a treat! Some tickets still available: http://bit.ly/LMUIEM, Watch: Behind-the-scenes video of GRAMMY rehearsals with Metallica. Thanks to them for shooting/sharing! , Selfie with my dear friend, Renée Fleming yesterday at the Carnegie Artists Committee Meeting. Wasn't her performance of "The Star-Spangled Banner" at the Super Bowl incredible!??, With my great friend and mentor, Gary Graffman, last night at Carnegie Hall., Backstage photos at Carnegie Hall before my recital tonight. Thank you to everyone who came. It's such a special place for a concert!, I can't wait to be back at Carnegie Hall on February 4th for a recital program of three Mozart sonatas and the four Chopin ballades. Watch this video where I talk about the first time I auditioned on the Carnegie stage - back in 1999! http://bit.ly/1f6NXc2, I’ve had a busy time this week! After playing at The GRAMMYs with Metallica, I’m now celebrating the Chinese New Year. You can celebrate it too with my new digital EP – “Happy Chinese New Year”. 

http://smarturl.it/ll-happychinese, Photos from the CCTV Spring Festival Gala with 2Cellos (Sulic & Hauser). I wish you all a wonderful, happy, healthy and prosperous Year of the Horse! :), Had so much fun playing in the CCTV Spring Festival Gala tonight with my good friends, 2Cellos (Sulic & Hauser). More than 1 billion people watching from around the world!! Happy Year of Horse!, Royal Albert Hall, November 2013. Photo: Paul Sanders, 祝你快乐中国新年! J’ai enregistré pour le nouvel an chinois un single spécial de 3 titres disponible en exclusivité sur iTunes http://smarturl.it/ll-happychinese, null, I'll be posting photos from The GRAMMYs throughout the day and night. Check back often! Much love to all of my friends!, Unbelievable show, guys! SUMMER 2014 TOUR... what do you say!!? #GRAMMYs, null, Stay updated with music, quizzes and videos from the GRAMMYs - right from your phone! Text "LANGLANG" to 768848, Adding drums to Prokofiev and Bartók? Why not??, This GRAMMY rehearsal is so hot, it's sizzling!!, Friends! Check out this video I did with the amazing drummer, Mark Guiliana. I hope that it shows you an entirely new way of thinking about Prokofiev and Bartok's music! , A sneak peek..., Lots of great photos from tonight's GRAMMY rehearsal with Metallica. For those who haven't heard, we'll be performing their epic song, "One", from ...And Justice for All. It's already been such a fantastic experience crossing genres and working with the guys in a band environment. Music truly brings people together! Many thanks to James, Lars, Kirk and Robert for taking me in. Sunday is going to ROCK!!, Epic rehearsal with the Metallica guys tonight. The GRAMMYs are in for "One" crazy performance on Sunday!, Who will I be wearing on Sunday at The GRAMMYs?? ARMANI, of course!, So much musical history here at The GRAMMY Museum! In about an hour, I'll be taking part in a moderated discussion with Museum Executive Director Bob Santelli and performing at the Clive Davis Theater. More photos to come :), Here's an article from Classicalite on the upcoming #GRAMMYs collaboration and my Chinese New Year digital release on iTunes. It's going to be an exciting week! :), \m/  \m/, January 31st is the start of the Chinese New Year! To celebrate the Year of the Horse, I've recorded three songs available exclusively on iTunes. Click here to purchase: http://smarturl.it/ll-happychinese, The world has lost a great conductor and musical interpreter in Maestro Claudio Abbado. It's difficult to overstate the influence he had on classical music over the past 50 years. I join all of the other voices remembering Mr. Abbado today and give my sincerest condolences to his family and friends. Riposa., Do you live in the USA? Interested in becoming one of our Lang Lang International Music Foundation Young Scholars? 

Apply now!! 

http://langlangfoundation.org/our-programs/young-scholars-program/how-to-apply/, Getting into the Metallica spirit! Can you tell how excited I am to be performing with them at the #GRAMMYs next weekend!!?, Wow!! Ringo and Paul playing together at The GRAMMYs. It's going to be an unforgettable night. I'm so excited. , A conversation with Carnegie Hall about Mozart and Chopin - I'll be performing three Mozart sonatas and four Chopin ballades next month in recital in New York. http://bit.ly/1cLaXLO, Interview with The Spectator:, null, I'm thrilled to be performing at The GRAMMYs with Metallica on January 26th. They've called it one of the most "unique performances of their career" and I'd have to agree! Music is all about breaking down barriers, collaborating with different artists and expanding hearts and minds. I can't wait!!, A short video with Carnegie Hall on overcoming psychological challenges. In my case, Mozart's A minor Sonata., Very funny! :) , null, What an amazing few days in Berlin. German Chancellor Angela Merkel came to the Berliner Philharmoniker Gala Concert tonight! I hope that you all have a wonderful, safe, and HAPPY New Year!!!, Watch tonight's New Year's Eve Gala in Berlin with the Berliner Philharmoniker and Sir Simon Rattle live via webcast at 17:30! http://www.digitalconcerthall.com/en/concert/16876

The concert will also be simulcast at cinemas throughout Europe via MY SCREENEVENT. http://myscreenevent.com/gala-from-berlin-2013-lang-lang/, Selected cinemas around Europe will broadcast the New Year's Eve Gala concert LIVE from Berlin with the Berliner Philharmoniker and Sir Simon Rattle. For a list of participating theatres and to purchase tickets, visit http://myscreenevent.com/, As we all look forward to the new year ahead, please think about donating to UNICEF's emergency relief fund for victims of the Philippines typhoon. The children, especially, need our help!, Just arrived in Berlin for a series of end-of-year concerts with the Berliner Philharmoniker and Sir Simon Rattle! You can watch a live webcast of the New Year's Eve concert through the Berlin Phil's Digital Concert Hall: http://www.digitalconcerthall.com/en/concert/16876, Pictures from my Christmas concert in Xi'an, China. And... Happy Boxing Day to all my U.K., Canadian, Australian, South African, New Zealander and Hong Kong friends! Am I missing anyone?, Wishing you a very Merry Christmas - all the way from China! :), NPR Music interviewed Gary Graffman and me (the first time together!) for an extended series on Great Teachers. I was thrilled with how it turned out. Read the transcript here: http://n.pr/194HB7r, Photos from my concert in Changsha, with keyboard stairs at the base of the stadium!, Was asked some great questions by the WSJ Asia for a piece they ran today. Read the interview here:, Just found out that the Prokofiev/Bartok album was selected for iTunes Best of 2013! Check out all the editors' picks here: http://www.iTunes.com/Bestof2013Music #Bestof2013, In honor of his Birthday today, the first movement of Beethoven's Piano Concerto No. 1 in C major. Happy Birthday, L.V.B.!, Wow! A time lapse video showing a year of concerts and events at the Royal Albert Hall., This is an incredible story and woman. So inspiring! , Practice alone doesn't make perfect. I make my case for a balanced approach to piano instruction and practice for kids on today's WSJ Live interview. Do you agree?, Check out the opening movie for the new Gran Turismo 6 game on Sony PlayStation. Do you recognize the music in the background?! :) :) :) , 101 Pianists event in Shenzhen, hosted by the Lang Lang International Music Foundation and Lang Lang Music World. Read more about programs we put on for children around the world here!: http://langlangfoundation.org/our-programs, Photo from a concert in China. Loved the colors! :), On Wednesday in Beijing, I was honored as a recipient of Esquire China's 2013 "Man At His Best" Awards. Fashion and music together!!, Video from my performance at Taiwan's Golden Horse Awards in Taipei. You'll probably recognize some of the themes - they're from famous Chinese movies from the last 50 years. Enjoy! :), New Wired UK issue on newsstands now! Check out this great photo (credit: Nick Wilson) from #Wired2013 of all of the participants. :), My favorite American holiday - Thanksgiving! This year I'm thankful for my family, my fans, and for the gift of music. Happy Thanksgiving, friends!, Here's a short video recap of the Lang Lang International Music Foundation's inaugural Junior Music Camp, earlier this month in Munich. Hopefully the first of many!, Great explanation from Maestro Alan Gilbert on why performing Mozart is so difficult (and rewarding!), I had a great time last night at Taiwan's Golden Horse Awards in Taipei. I performed a medley of movie themes and announced the Best Music Award. This photo is from the red carpet with Hong Kong singer/actress, Denise Ho. :), Last night at South Korea's "Blue Dragon Film Awards" :) 
Click on the link to watch the video!, Some of my favorite fan photos from Instagram. So many good ones! If you have any, upload and tag with #langlang. Also make sure to follow me! (www.instagram/langlangpiano), Video of my masterclass at Royal College of Music. Four very talented students to watch for in the future!, Photo: Paul Sanders, Received an Honorary Fellowship from St Peter's College, University of Oxford today. Also, held a wonderful masterclass. Now, off to Seoul, Korea!, There aren't too many experiences in life quite like two sold-out Royal Albert Hall recitals. I hope I was able to show my appreciation and gratitude through the 14 encores, but again, a huge THANK YOU to my wonderful British friends. See you all again soon!, Thank you, London, for the incredibly warm welcome back to the Royal Albert Hall last night. Watch a live webcast later today of my masterclass with talented students at the Royal College of Music. Then, I'm back to R.A.H. on Sunday!, Tonight, recital #1 of 2 at one of my favorite concert halls in the world, Royal Albert Hall!, One from the archives. 10 years ago!! #tbt :)

Photo: © Andrew Eccles, Photos from tonight's fundraiser for the reconstruction of Staatsoper Unter den Linden with Daniel Barenboim and Staatskapelle Berlin. On the program, Mozart's Piano Concerto No. 24 in C minor and Rachmaninoff's Piano Concerto No. 2 in C minor. Photos courtesy of Thomas Bartilla., I'm honored to help my friend and mentor, Daniel Barenboim, tonight as we play with the Staatskapelle Berlin to benefit the Staatsoper Unter den Linden renovation. Important, not only for Berlin, but for the classical world! Maestro Barenboim has always been there for me, and I'm proud to help return the favor in some small way., The DVD and Blue-ray of "The Highest Level" is now available worldwide for purchase. The producers did a fantastic job of documenting the recording and production process for the Prokofiev 3/Bartok 2 album with Berliner Philharmoniker and Sir Simon Rattle. I might be a bit biased, but I highly recommend it! :)

DVD http://myplay.me/12q9 
Blu-ray: http://myplay.me/12qb, As many of you know, I'm really into cars. I got to tour the Bentley Motors factory outside of Manchester today. Beautiful automobiles and such dedicated craftsmen., Enjoyed sitting down and talking with the BBC Breakfast crew this morning. U.K. friends can watch the interview here: http://bbc.in/HCE3C0, I will be performing a Chopin/Mozart solo recital at Carnegie Hall in New York on February 4th, and you could be there! Xperia Lounge are give away a trip for two to New York with tickets to the concert, and the chance to meet me backstage. To enter the competition, download the free Xperia Lounge Android app here: http://bit.ly/Xperia-Lounge-App, Had an incredible time yesterday teaching (and learning from!) the 12 students who were chosen for the inaugural Junior Music Camp. I hope that they found the experience rewarding and inspiring! A special thanks to all those involved - especially the Lang Lang International Music Foundation, Allianz, Steinway & Sons, Hochschule für Musik und Theater München and BR - Bayerischer Rundfunk., Photos from the inaugural Junior Music Camp! 12 incredibly talented kids from 7 countries were chosen to participate through an intense selection process., Team Junior Music Camp ready for their lessons. Can't wait to join them in Munich tomorrow, in-person! :), Tonight at 8pm CET (Paris time), watch a web-stream of "Sons de l'âme" live from the Théâtre des Champs Elysées. Our final performance of what's been an incredible 4-night run!, It's the students' first evening together at Junior Music Camp in Munich and they're already best friends :), Group photo with dancers of the Houston Ballet. Photo © Jean-Philippe Raibaud, Beautiful photo with the wonderful dancers of the Houston Ballet from last night's performance. Photo © Jean Philippe Raibaud / the Théâtre des Champs Elysées., Performance #2 in the books. There's something uniquely special about dance and music together - it's like Chopin wrote some of these pieces with choreography in mind!, Last night's premiere of "SONS DE L'AME" (Lang Lang Dance Project) at the Théâtre des Champs Elysées was sold-out and an incredible experience. Thank you to the amazing dancers of the Houston Ballet. Can't wait for tonight!, REHEARSAL - Lang Lang and Houston Ballet dancer © Jean-Philippe RAIBAUD for the Theatre des Champs Elysees., This is your chance to win a pair of tickets to my Chopin/Mozart solo recital at the Royal Albert Hall on Nov 15th or 17th, and meet me backstage! Simply download the free Xperia Lounge Android app here to enter: http://bit.ly/Xperia-Lounge-App, I've been waiting for this all year!! Just arrived in Paris for what will be 4 performances with members of the incredible Houston Ballet at Théâtre des Champs Elysées. Luckily for you, I won't be dancing - I'll be accompanying the ballet with Chopin! :) Much more to come over the next few days!, Here's a video interview I did with Eight, Arizona PBS last week before my concert with The Phoenix Symphony. Was a lot of fun!, A one-in-a-lifetime moment today when I was honored by Secretary General of the United Nations, Ban Ki-moon as a Messenger of Peace with a special focus on my passion, global education. It was truly a day I'll never forget. I'm honored and humbled., Complete video of the United Nations "Messenger of Peace" ceremony today. #educationfirst http://bit.ly/1g7M6ph, After a spectacular San Diego concert with the San Diego Symphony last night, we're off to New York to perform at a place near and dear to my heart - Carnegie Hall! So great to spend time with my friend, Maestro Jahja Ling and the orchestra., My passion for playing the piano is only as good as the people it can touch. Thank you to United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and the United Nations for bestowing on me this incredible honor. I will do everything I can to communicate the message of education to everyone that I connect with in the future., Thank you, Phoenix!! So many new friends in Arizona :), Enjoyed spending the day in Phoenix, AZ. Appeared on the local Eight, Arizona PBS and did some sightseeing. Tonight, performing with The Phoenix Symphony under the baton of Ms. JoAnn Falletta. Can't wait!, 100,000 friends!!! Thank you for all the love and support over the years. It means so much to me., Heading to Arizona for my West Coast tour now. My new album is released today, hope you like it!!, Friends, here is a final clip from my new Prokofiev 3/Bartók 2 album with Berliner Philharmoniker and Sir Simon Rattle. Even listening back to it now makes my heart race a bit. What an intense composition by a brilliant composer!, I had to cancel this UApresents recital at The University of Arizona last year due to Hurricane Sandy. I was thrilled when we were able to reschedule. See you tomorrow, Wildcats!, Here's a clip from the second movement of Bartók 2. I'm very excited for the U.S. release on Tuesday!, Today, an excerpt from Bartók's Piano Concerto No. 2 in G Major. Have a wonderful day!! :), Clip of the day: The blistering final movement from Prokofiev's Piano Concerto No. 3 in C Major. Berliner Philharmoniker with Sir Simon Rattle conducting., Tune in to SiriusXM Radio/Sirius XM Pops this weekend for my conversation with Peter Cummings beginning at 9am EST on Saturday. http://linkedmusic.com/ , Clip of the day: Second movement (Tema con variazioni) from Prokofiev Piano Concerto No. 3 in C Major., Thanks to Wired UK for inviting me to speak today at #WiredUK2013. So many innovative, intelligent and passionate people!! I'm incredibly inspired. 

http://www.wired.co.uk/news/archive/2013-10/17/lang-lang, Last night's film premiere about the making of the new Prokofiev 3/Bartók 2 album was a great success. Thank you to everyone who came! You can pre-order the documentary on DVD: http://smarturl.it/ll-prokofiev-dvd?IQid=fb or Blue-ray: http://smarturl.it/ll-prokofiev-bd?IQid=fb, Over the next 6 days I'll post clips from all 6 tracks on my new album with Sir Simon Rattle and the Berliner Philharmoniker. I hope that you'll enjoy!!, Berlin Festival of Lights 2013 - Brandenburg Gate, Limited tickets remain for tonight's premiere in Berlin of "The Highest Level" (film documenting the "making of" my new Prokofiev 3/Bartok 2 recording with Sir Simon Rattle and the Berliner Philharmoniker). It should be a great night! , Berlin friends! Tomorrow night (Oct. 16th), I will be attending and speaking at the film premiere of "The Highest Level" - a documentary about recording my new Prokofiev 3/Bartok 2 album with Berliner Philharmoniker and Sir Simon Rattle. 

Please come to the Kino International as there will be a limited number of tickets available tomorrow night for fans to purchase. 

If you can't make it or live outside of Berlin, you can now pre-order the documentary on DVD: http://smarturl.it/ll-prokofiev-dvd?IQid=fb or Blue-ray: http://smarturl.it/ll-prokofiev-bd?IQid=fb 

I hope to see you there!! :), Beautiful day off in the Dutch capital, A very special guest at my Barcelona recital last week... my friend, the legendary tenor, José Carreras!, Congratulations to Aliya, Michael, Avery, George, Elisabeth, Daniela, Siyuan, Coco, Wenhao, Clayton, Enrique and Elliot! They are the 12 finalists for our first Junior Music Camp in Munich! For those that didn't make it this year, keep playing and following your dreams, The last day of my Spanish tour! Watch the rehearsal LIVE in 1 hour (16:30 local time) from Barcelona!, I will be arriving back in Barcelona (where the tour began!) by train in just a few minutes. Madrid was incredible! Here's a photo taken at a huge public park called Parque del Retiro. 

Make sure and watch the newest videos from my Spanish tour at https://rushmore.fm/artist/lang-lang/ including backstage footage in Madrid and post-show CD signing! More videos to come from Barcelona. Gracias, España!, Photos from last night's recital at the Auditorio Nacional de Música in Madrid. Fantastic crowd!, Streaming live video from backstage in #Madrid! Join me! https://rushmore.fm/artist/lang-lang/, In fabulous Madrid for my recital at the National Auditorium - only 45min away from going on stage! Continue following along on my Spain tour at https://rushmore.fm/artist/lang-lang/ We've posted new videos from València and my visit to El Pais. It's been so fun sharing my travels with you all in this wonderful country!, Wow wow! Today, my recording of Prokofiev 3 and Bartok 2 with Sir Simon Rattle and the Berliner Philharmoniker is available in most of the world. U.S. and a few other countries will release on Oct. 22. The album has been specially mastered for iTunes (meaning it's been optimized to sound amazing!). To purchase: Deluxe http://myplay.me/12q6 / Digital Deluxe: http://myplay.me/12qe 

Thank you. I hope that you like it as much as I do!! :), Live from València, watch my entire Mozart/Chopin recital at 19:30 Spanish time (about 3 hour from now) right here on the web! Just go to https://rushmore.fm/artist/lang-lang/, Order up! I've found my new calling as a paella chef here in València! :), Me encanta España! I drove today from Madrid to Valencia and can't wait to try the paella!!! Tomorrow night, a recital at the Palau de La Música. Continue following along with my Spanish tour at https://rushmore.fm/artist/lang-lang/ or through the zuzeen app on Facebook. :), A very exciting day!! My new Prokofiev/Bartok album is digitally available and mastered for iTunes in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. Click here to purchase! http://myplay.me/12qe, In just 13 minutes, watch my Madrid masterclass! https://rushmore.fm/artist/lang-lang/, Photos from last night's amazing Classic BRIT Awards 2013. Every time I come, it feels like a family reunion. Thank you all so much for including me in the festivities!, What a great evening. Chopin was such a pleasure to play. Thanks Classic BRITs!, I'm so excited to be back at the Royal Albert Hall for the Classic BRIT Awards - rehearsal went well, and now I'm all dressed up and ready to go on stage (the dinner first though!)!, View of Frank O. Gehry-designed Guggenheim Museum in Bilbao Spain from my hotel room. Lots more behind-the-scenes at https://rushmore.fm/artist/lang-lang/, We will be posting live video of rehearsals at the Euskalduna in Bilbao, Spain. Click the zuzeen live app at the top right of the page or visit below. We also posted video of my travel from Barcelona to Bilbao. Check it out!, Want to travel with me on my tour of Spain?? You CAN, right from your computer! A film crew will be traveling with me as I travel, rehearse, perform and more. Just click on zuzeen live button in the app section and watch, interact and travel along!, Last week, Sony Classical put out a 24-disc set of all of Gary Graffman's recordings from the last 57 years. Mr. Graffman is not only a great pianist, he is also a great human being, the greatest teacher in the world, and the most generous person I have ever known in my entire life.

I hope that you'll order your set today! http://smarturl.it/gg-complete-rca-cd?IQid=fb, If you missed it last night, Detroit Symphony Orchestra has put our Prokofiev Piano Concerto No. 3 (and Chopin encore) online for the next 7 days. Make sure to watch the conversation with my friend, Maestro Slatkin, after the concert. :) www.dso.org/live, Can't make it to Detroit tonight? The Detroit Symphony Orchestra, Maestro Slatkin and I will come to you! Watch the entire concert live at 8pm EST., Bugatti just shared an album of incredible photos from when I was at their factory in Germany. They designed a custom Grand Sport Vitesse especially for the concert in Molsheim. Black/white colors to represent keys of a piano and leather stitching that reminded me of sheet music! I signed the center console, but sadly, they did not give me the car. :( Maybe one of you will buy it!?, Investing in children and education is the best investment in the future! Share if you agree and spread the word about the great work of the UN Global Education First Initiative., (c) UNICEF/2013/Susan Markisz, Fourth and final "behind the scenes" video from our recording of the Prokofiev 3 & Bartók 2 piano concertos. Still in awe over the Berliner Philharmoniker and Maestro Rattle's sound. Truly an extraordinary experience.

Reserve your iTunes preorder and watch more at: http://prokofievbartok.langlang.com, What an honor! Thank you very much, Classic BRIT Awards. I look forward to seeing you all on October 2nd at Royal Albert Hall., Last chance! The deadline for #JuniorMusicCamp is this Wednesday, September 25th. Click here to apply: www.langlangfoundation.org, Thank you, Toronto Symphony Orchestra! What a memorable night and a great way to begin the season! , Thrilled to be back with the Toronto Symphony Orchestra for their Opening Gala tonight. Two Mozart Piano Concertos (17 and 24). Afterwards, a party with Brendan Canning of Broken Social Scene. It's going to be a great night!, !!WOW!! LeBron James sent over this video response from my shout-out to him yesterday. Maybe a piano lesson followed by a pickup game sometime soon!! :), Time for a little fun! One of my favorite athletes, basketball player LeBron James, is on his honeymoon in Rome. I recorded a musical slam dunk for him. Have a great time with your beautiful bride, LeBron!, U.K. fans! There are only two days left to vote for the Chopin Album for Classic BRIT Awards 'Album of the Year.' Please spend a minute to cast your vote! Plus, by voting, you'll be entered to win 2 tickets to the ceremony at Royal Albert Hall on Oct. 2! Thank you, friends!!

http://www.classicbrits.co.uk/vote/, Check out behind-the-scenes footage and commentary from Sir Simon Rattle and myself on recording the 1st Movement of Prokofiev 3., There's only 10 more days to apply to my Junior Music Camp in Munich! If you're a pianist and 14 years old or younger, go to www.langlangfoundation.org to apply. I can't wait to meet YOU!, Probably the only opportunity you'll ever have to see ME playing cello! :) Make sure to check out the whole 2Cellos (Sulic & Hauser) album. Such fun guys and great musicians!, With my new Portland friend, Thomas Lauderdale, from Pink Martini. Thanks to him and to all those who made my stay in Oregon so memorable. Now, a road trip to Seattle for a concert with the Seattle Symphony!, The von Trapps (third-generation of the Sound of Music family) came backstage last night and we played two songs from the musical, "Do-Re-Mi" and "Edelweiss" (the Chinese version, 雪绒花). So fun!, Getting ready for tonight's concert! It was fun seeing my friend Paul from Curtis Institute of Music days now with the Oregon Symphony. :), Read about Lang Lang International Music Foundation's new partnership with the Boston Arts Academy in the Foundation's fall e-Newsletter: http://goo.gl/6xbmK8 I'm very excited to help bring classical music to America's urban schools. Boston is just the beginning!, Danke! The Chopin Album won the 2013 ECHO Klassik prize for 'Bestseller of the Year' in Germany. My 6th #ECHOKlassik! Germany has some of the best fans in the world :), Watch the latest "behind the scenes" video of the recording of Bartók 2, get presale information and more at prokofievbartok.langlang.com!, A true honor! Classic BRIT Awards has nominated The Chopin Album for Classic FM Album of the Year! Even better, you can all vote to help me win (and even get a chance to win tickets to the show!). Click below, vote, enter your contact information and submit. Thanks!! :), Classic car relay in Bensberg Germany. 1950 VW Hebmuller Cabriolet. I'm in love!, So #Portland... I heard you put birds on things. See you next Thursday with the Oregon Symphony :), Just launched: http://prokofievbartok.langlang.com, Our new microsite for the upcoming Prokofiev 3/Bartók 2 album is now live at http://prokofievbartok.langlang.com! Watch the first "making of" video by clicking below!! :), null, I'm SO excited to share with you the cover of my new album coming out next month with Sir Simon Rattle and the Berliner Philharmoniker on Sony Classical!, #JuniorMusicCamp awaits! What are you waiting for?? Apply at www.langlangfoundation.org! :), Thanks Classic FM for posting these wonderful musician quotes. Here's one of my favorites from someone I always admired, Glenn Gould. Do you have a favorite?

http://www.classicfm.com/discover/music/quotes-classical-musicians/, I'm very excited to have been asked back to perform at the Classic BRIT Awards on October 2nd at Royal Albert Hall alongside Ludovico Einaudi, Amy Dickson and others. Tickets are available at: http://www.classicbrits.co.uk/, Less than one month to go before application videos are due for #JuniorMusicCamp! Click here for more information and to apply: www.langlangfoundation.org, This sounds like a wonderful course! Congratulations to Jonathan Biss, Curtis Institute of Music and Coursera for continually embracing music education and technology!, Less than 2 months to go before #Wired2013 presented by Wired UK. I'll be speaking along with some incredible visionaries including Björk, Rosalind Picard and many more. Tickets are onsale now. I'm very excited!, See you Sept. 12th, Portland! :), Hi everyone! So many kids have already applied to #JuniorMusicCamp. I'm amazed by all the wonderful videos I've received – keep it up! :)

Click here to apply: www.langlangfoundation.org, Look at this beautiful concert hall in Indiana I'm playing next month! Tickets for The Center For The Performing Arts concert in Carmel on Sept. 19th are onsale here: http://bit.ly/142SLKX, Some of my favorite fan photos from Instagram. So many good ones! If you have any, upload and tag with #langlang. Also make sure to follow me! (www.instagram/langlangpiano), Tweet Tweet! Help me get 5,000 new followers in 10 days. Think we can do it? www.twitter.com/lang_lang, Would your child/student/friend/you like to join the #JuniorMusicCamp in Munich this November? All expenses (including travel) paid! Click below to watch the video and then visit www.langlangfoundation.org to apply!, More video from #Tanglewood last week:, A couple of weeks ago, I asked you all for some of your favorite "summertime" classical pieces. Many of you responded and there were some great ones! Take a listen at some of my favorites that I turned into a playlist. Also make sure to follow me on Spotify! :), Some misc. video from #Tanglewood last weekend: Rehearsal with Boston Symphony Orchestra, chatting with Yo-Yo Ma and interviews with CCTV., Boston Symphony Orchestra posted an excerpt from Saturday's #Tanglewood performance of Beethoven Piano Concerto No. 1. Bravo to Maestro Charles Dutoit and the wonderful BSO players!, 5-city Spain tour coming up in October. Do you have your tickets?
España conciertos en Octubre. ¿Tiene sus entradas todavía?, Have you checked out my invitation to Junior Music Camp? Do it!! Then go to langlangfoundation.org to apply., Yesterday, I sat down (in the dark!) with Joe and Alan from WAMC Northeast Public Radio at #Tanglewood to talk about tonight's concert with the Boston Symphony Orchestra and Charles Dutoit. About halfway through, the power came back on when I answered that I thought Mozart was the most brilliant composer in history! Listen to the whole interview here :), Double-Name Superhero Alliance! #Tanglewood, I'm considering a slight change in repertoire for tomorrow's #Tanglewood concert with the Boston Symphony Orchestra. Think they'd mind?, Proof that age is just a number. Two of my favorite people!, Under 15 and love to play the piano (or know someone who does)? Come to Junior Music Camp in Munich this November! Watch the video below and apply at langlangfoundation.org :), What a great experience for Matthias, one of our Young Scholars! He joins Cynthia and Johnson this week at the Oxford Philomusica Piano Festival and Summer Academy. , It was great being back at #Ravinia last night. Big thanks to the Chicago Symphony and Maestro James Conlon and all of the gala attendees. We raised $1.2 million for the festival and their educational programs!, Looking forward to being back in Chicago...one of my favorite cities!, "FC Bayern Munich, Star of the South, you'll never set, because we'll stay together in good like in bad times." Here's a fun video message from myself and Nico Rosberg to the new team!, Back to where it all began... Thrilled to be playing the 2013 Gala Benefit with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra and James Conlon at the Ravinia Festival next weekend. In 1999, I was asked to step in for an ill André Watts. It was an incredible night and one that really launched my career. 

Reserved tickets are sold out, but some lawn seats are still available: http://www.ravinia.org/ViewDate.aspx?show=546, What piece of classical music most reminds you of a hot summer day? I want to create a playlist of some of your best suggestions! :), I've always loved collaborating with musicians from other genres. Take a look at this duet with jazz pianist/singer-songwriter, Jamie Cullum, from last week's 150th anniversary of the Monte Carlo SBM in Monaco. Love this song (and movie it's from!) :), Watch video of the entire "Le Concert de Paris" with Orchestre National de France, Daniele Gatti, Roberto Alagna, Joseph Calleja and many more. I play the third movement of Ravel's Concerto in G major at about the 55:30 mark., Loved joining the Bastille Day festivities today in Paris. Thank you to Daniele Gatti, Orchestre National de France, all the fantastic soloists, and most of all--the great fans! Merci beaucoup!, Timeless, Loved joining the Bastille Day festivities today in Paris. Thank you to Daniele Gatti, Orchestre National de France, all the fantastic soloists, and most of all--the great fans! Merci beaucoup!, Joyeux Le Quatorze Juillet! Happy Bastille Day to all my French fans. Can't wait for tonight's show!, Chorégies d'Orange, Lavender fields in Orange, France. Belles fleurs!, Not a bad place for a recital! This 1st century Roman theater (the Théâtre antique d'Orange) is the site for the Chorégies d'Orange and where I'll be performing on Thursday. Read more about the festival here: http://www.choregies.fr/en/saison_2013-3.html, Had a fabulous time playing JazzOpen with the legendary, Dee Dee Bridgewater. We played a few songs together including: "Somewhere Over the Rainbow" and "My Favorite Things." Watch a recording of the entire show at: http://liveweb.arte.tv/de/video/Lang_Lang_Dee_Dee_Bridgewater_Radio-Sinfonieorchester_Stuttgart/, Jazzopen Stuttgart tomorrow! Performing with the Stuttgart Radio Symphony Orchestra and my friend, Dee Dee Bridgewater! :), Cool! Filmed from the stage by my friend, Jamie Cullum. , What a memorable night!, Tonight in Monte Carlo, I'm excited to perform with the Monte Carlo Philharmonic Orchestra, Dame Shirley Bassey and Jamie Cullum. It's the 150th anniversary of the Monte Carlo SBM and they are turning the entire Place du Casino into a pop-up garden. More pictures later!, On Monday, I had the distinct honor of presenting Marli Hoppe-Ritter with the Montblanc de la Culture Arts Patronage Award Germany in Berlin - awarded for her long-term support of the arts and young artists., Ever wondered what it's like to play piano outside in the pouring rain?? I think Chopin's "Ocean" Etude was the right choice for a final encore! :) http://youtu.be/sTM7UvjnFJA, I had an incredible experience playing an outdoor concert at "West Lake" in Hangzhou (Eastern China). Halfway through the concert, it began pouring rain and a tarp was brought out to cover the piano and me. The crowd got soaked but they stayed and cheered me on through the concert and several encores. On the last note of the final encore, the rain stopped! I actually loved playing in the rain and was inspired by the beauty of nature and the crowd's perseverance., It's World Refugee Day. Children are the innocent victims of war and bear the worst of it. All parties to conflict must ensure their protection! Please share! #childrefugees, Gives new meaning to "playing with your food"! Check out the awesome birthday cake that SONY made me! :), Big poster at the Allianz Deutschland offices at the Charlottenplatz in Stuttgart. I'll be playing in town on July 7th with Dee Dee Bridgewater and the Radio-Sinfonieorchester Stuttgart des SWR for 'Jazz Open 2013'!, Had an incredible 31st birthday celebration in Beijing over the weekend. Here's some video from "My Chinese Dream." Wonderful to celebrate with so many of my friends. Especially 周杰倫 Jay Chou, Lin Dan and Jane Zhang 张靓颖!, Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there. Here's one of my favorite moments with mine--playing "Horse Racing" at Carnegie Hall with my dad on erhu., Wow, I feel old! I've been 31 for almost two hours (Beijing time). Send your birthday greetings and gift of a donation to UNICEF through the below link. Thank you to everyone who has donated so far to children in need. The response has been overwhelming! :), A great album of photos from Montblanc who helped sponsor "Lang Lang and Friends" last week. , This Friday (June 14th) is my birthday. I want to help children in need on this special day, so I've worked with UNICEF to 'Donate My Birthday.' You can visit the below page and donate a gift (there's an English-language link on the top right of the page). All the gifts will be turned into life-saving gifts to children in need. At the same time, I will receive an e-card with your greeting and love--the best present I could ask for. Thank you!! :), Watch video from last week's Good Day New York appearance with Anna Larsen and Johnson Li Zhongxin. Both are talented Young Scholars with the Lang Lang International Music Foundation., Another pic from Monday's gala: Alec and his beautiful (and very pregnant!) wife, Hilaria :), We were so lucky to have Renée Fleming join us on Monday. What an unbelievable voice!, Johnson Zhongxin Li, Kate Xintong Lee, Jonathan Jun Yang, Derek Wang, Charlie Liu and Anna Larsen of the Lang Lang International Music Foundation, Copyright: Alexander Schumann, Move over, Placido, The beautiful and phenomenally-talented, Renée Fleming, Watching the students play on stage at Carnegie Hall. Quite a sight!, Mr. Legend, The 'legendary' John Legend and Lukas Barwinski of the Lang Lang Foundation, Rehearsal!, Backstage at Fox5 with future piano sensation, Johnson! :), Rehearsal break last night with Josh and Oh Land. We're ready for tonight!, New Yorkers! Tune in to 'Good Day NY' on FOX 5 / MyFoxNY.com tomorrow at 9:45am to see me perform with a couple of amazing child piano prodigies., I get by with a little help from my friends... :), null, Peru!, Alanur and Azad are both 8, live in Turkey, love music – and they’re both autistic. Luckily, their parents were able to get the support they needed early in life. Now, they thrive in school. Watch their story in 2 Lives: 2 Miles Apart., The Director of the Teatro Municipal, Andrés Rodríguez, and the Mayor of Santiago, Carolina Tohá., Thank you to the wonderful people of Chile for your warm welcome and generosity. This photo is with the Director of the Teatro Municipal, the Mayor of Santiago, and the President of Telefónica, Claudio Muñoz--all fantastic partners., Congrats FC Bayern! We watched the game after piano class in Mexico City with a wonderful young musician and friends!, Watch video of my interview with CNNMéxico. I'm looking forward to tomorrow's masterclass with the students sponsored by Telefónica México. Then on to Santiago Chile!, Today, I'm in Mexico City but tomorrow my heart will be in London with FC Bayern Munich as they play for the Champions League Final! #PACKMAS, Watch CNN en Español tonight at 10:30pm CDT for my interview with Mario Gonzalez. 703 Cable. 627 SKY.

Ver CNN en Español esta noche a las 10:30 pm CDT para mi entrevista con Mario González. 703 Cable. 627 SKY., MyMeisterstück Story. What's yours?, null, Friends (Amigos!) in Medellin :), [Photo: Xinhua], Friends in Mexico City: You're invited to a special master class on May 25th presented by Telefónica México and Movistar MX. For free tickets, email: eventos.mx@telefonica.com., In the capital of Colombia, Bogotá. Then to Medellin, Santiago and Lima. I'm very excited!, Also, pleased to announce incredible new additions to the "Lang Lang & Friends" lineup... Renée Fleming and John Legend!, This time, Mother Nature promises to cooperate :), Very honored to have received the 2013 Dushkin Award from the Music Institute of Chicago. Former winners include Placido Domingo, Christoph Eschenbach, Isaac Stern and Renee Fleming. Thank you!!, And another one :), Photo shoot with Sir Simon Rattle for the new album., Happy Mother's Day!!, Video from when I visited the Montblanc boutique in Amsterdam to support "Signature for Good." We've partnered with UNICEF with a goal to raise 1.5 million euros for children in Africa and South America., So excited to (finally) play with Oh Land at Carnegie Hall on 6/3 for Lang Lang & Friends with all proceeds benefitting the Lang Lang International Music Foundation., I always love being back in the "City of Brotherly Love." Wonderful memories from the days of Curtis Institute of Music. Thursday-Sunday, Beethoven Piano Concerto No. 3 with Sir Simon Rattle and The Philadelphia Orchestra. Should be fun! Photo: Simon Fowler., It was amazing to see Disney Hall up close!, Happy Birthday to two titans of classical music: Brahms and Tchaikovsky., Some of my favorite fan photos from Instagram. So many good ones! If you have any, upload and tag with #langlang. Also make sure to follow me! (www.instagram/langlangpiano), Beethoven is recognizable in four notes. This man in just two! A true legend... John Williams!, With the architect of Disney Hall (and many other amazing buildings), Frank Gehry!, Some of my favorite fan photos from Instagram. So many good ones! If you have any, upload and tag with #langlang. Also make sure to follow me! (www.instagram/langlangpiano), From the archives: I chat with Alec Baldwin in 2010 about playing Tchaikovsky's Piano Concerto No. 1. I'll be playing three more performances of it of at Disney Hall with the LA Phil and Gustavo Dudamel tonight through Sunday., Randy Newman had it right. I LOVE LA. :) 4 performances of Tchaikovsky's Piano Concerto No. 1 with Gustavo Dudamel and the LA Phil start tonight! Will you be there??, Profiled in the Los Angeles Times today. I'll be in L.A. playing four dates with the LA Phil and Gustavo Dudamel starting on Thursday. Can't wait!, Photo: SANDRA BRACHO, Greetings from Caracas with my friend, Gustavo! The fans have been so wonderful here in Venezuela. Los quiero a todos!, Rehearsing with Gustavo Dudamel and the Bolívars in Caracas, Venezuela. Great playing in this beautiful country with my friend again! , Arrived in Venezuela for exciting concerts with Gustavo Dudamel and the Venezuela Sinfónica tomorrow and Thursday. No puedo esperar! :), Another great way to help: UNICEF China mobilizing to help children affected by Ya’an earthquake., Lots of people have asked how they can donate to the earthquake relief in Sichuan. China Daily has a good article on the variety of ways you can help. Read it here: http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/sunday/2013-04/21/content_16427438.htm 

It doesn't matter how you donate or how much, just that you do. Thank you and please share!! -LL, An IMPORTANT post, my friends. There has been a terrible earthquake in China that has killed hundreds and injured thousands. I have personally made a donation and ask anyone who can, to also help the poor people in this horrible tragedy. To help encourage everyone, this is what I'll do - let's have an auction! For whomever donates the most (message me to let me know) I will film and post one of my favorite encores and dedicate it to you! The next 10 get signed CDs. Please share this, tell your friends... Come on, let's get those donations rolling in for a great cause and what I promise will be a great video!, My experience w/ BAD teachers (Prof. Angry) vs. GOOD teachers (Gary Graffman) on NPR's "All Things Considered.", Spring flowers in Mannheim, Germany., Last night, I performed during the opening ceremony of the 3rd Beijing International Film Festival. More than 1,300 films from 63 countries will be exhibited at the week-long event. (Photo: Xinhua/Luo Xiaoguang), Thoughts are with those in Boston today. Sad day., Thanks to Montblanc and the Amsterdam boutique for letting me be a part of their "Signature for Good" initiative. Education is the foundation for a better future! , Recording session with the Berlin Phil., Photoshoot with Allianz Deutschland for a documentary, Exciting upcoming shows with Gustavo and the Symphony Orchestra of Venezuela!, Back in Berlin for a photoshoot with Allianz Deutschland. Then, recording again over the weekend with the Berliner Philharmoniker for the new album!, Photos courtesy of Montblanc, null, And here, with Crown Prince Willem-Alexander!, Meeting Her Majesty Beatrix, Queen of the Netherlands. What an honor!, Watch live now! :), Standing ovation in Basel. Thank you to all my Swiss fans! :), On Thursday, I'll be at the Boutique Montblanc Amsterdam saying hello to my Dutch fans. I'll also be showing my support for Montblanc’s “Signature for Good” initiative -- benefiting UNICEF's educational projects around the world., Gala Concert for the 125th anniversary of the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra - live on medici.tv on April 10 at 8 p.m.: http://goo.gl/AedVy
 
Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra 
Mariss Jansons, conductor
 
Thomas Hampson, baritone 
Janine Jansen, violin 
Lang Lang, piano, 125th KCO Jubilee Concert Het Concertgebouw Amsterdam with Mariss Jansons,  Janine Jansen and Thomas Hampson on April 10th!, null, Upcoming concert on Sunday with the Württembergische Philharmonie Reutlingen in Zürich., Yesterday in Beijing, I presented two distinguished awards to the most worthy of recipients - Julio Iglesias.

1. Most Popular International Artist of All-Time in China
2. Guiness World Records, Best-Selling Male Latin Artist, From Julio Iglesias' status message today: "I am truly honored to receive this award from Lang Lang in a country that I've loved for over 40 years." China loves you, Julio, as does the rest of the world!, I'm very proud to present Julio Iglesias with two very special awards on April 1st in Beijing. Congratulations to this legendary artist!, Master class at the Moscow Conservatory on March 23rd. Photos by Alexander von Busch, Bolshoi Hall, St. Petersburg Philharmonia, 3/24/13, null, Performing at the legendary Bolshoi Zal (Large Hall) of the St. Petersburg Philharmonia., I made my Moscow recital debut at the Moscow Conservatory last night. It is the same place where Horowitz performed his famous "Horowitz in Moscow recording" that I watched when I was 4 years old! I feel incredibly privileged and humbled. Thanks to the amazing Moscow public!, null, Behind the scenes of "Dream" with 周杰倫 Jay Chou. I taught him how to play Chopin with an orange and he caught on right away! :), Здравствуйте, друзья! Увидимся завтра!, Enjoyed walking around Cologne last night. Beautiful city. Construction of the cathedral began in 1248 but it wasn't completed until 1880!, Two legends of opera, Jessye Norman and Marilyn Horne!, With Mike Bloomberg (Mayor of New York), Lukas Barwinski (Executive Director of the Lang Lang International Music Foundation) and Alfredo Gangotena (Chief Marketing Officer for MasterCard)., We're ALL Irish today!, Watch video from February's performance of Gerswhin's "Rhapsody in Blue" with the Vienna RSO at the Wiener Konzerthaus. , Great photos from tonight's recital in Bremen. Thanks, Marion!, Recital in Bremen
不莱梅独奏会, We all have dreams for our lives. My dream was playing the piano; Jay Chou dreamed to sing; Kevin Lin dreamed to long-distance run! What's yours?? Comment and pass it on!, Leipzig. Amazing!, So proud of how Lang Lang International Music Foundation scholar, Matthias Hegemann, is developing as a pianist. Here we are before my recital rehearsal in Leipzig., For those who might have missed the live broadcast of Friday's Beethoven Piano Concerto No. 2 with the Bavarian Radio Symphony Orchestra and Mariss Jansons, BR-Klassik has posted the entire concert. Enjoy!, null, So cool to hang out with FC Bayern Munich earlier today. They're great champions! Photo: fcb.de, Nice pic from last night's concert with Mariss Jansons and the Symphonieorchester des Bayerischen Rundfunks in Munich. , Pre-show prep with Maestro Mariss Jansons and the Symphonieorchester des Bayerischen Rundfunks, null, Listen live to the concert tonight with the Symphonieorchester des Bayerischen Rundfunks and conductor Mariss Jansons at 8pm Berlin time. Click here for the full information: http://www.br.de/radio/br-klassik/programmkalender/sendung496090.html, More from Starnberger See (near Munich, Germany), Photo taken at Lake Steinberger in the Bavarian Alps., Help wish Steinway & Sons a very Happy 160th Birthday. Here's to many many more!, With a cute frog in Boston Common :), Great photos from Night #1 with the Boston Symphony Orchestra!, Check out this new video about persevering to fulfill your dreams with my friends, Jay Chou and Kevin Lin (Chensing Idol). Love how it turned out! :), The world lost another great man this week, Wolfgang Sawallisch. My first big performance in China after returning from the U.S. was with him and The Philadelphia Orchestra in 2001., Rehearsing for the BSO concerts., null, This video was produced for the 2008 celebration honoring Van Cliburn's 50th Anniversary of winning the first Tchaikovsky Competition in 1958., An incredibly sad day., null, It's my Boston Symphony Orchestra subscription series debut on Thursday! Rafael Frühbeck de Burgos conducts Rachmaninoff's Piano Concerto No. 2. The last (and only other) time I played with the BSO was in 2003 at Tanglewood with Sir Neville Marriner.

http://www.bso.org/Performance/Detail/41087#, Winter Wunderland in Wien, A "phantombild" (artistic recreation) of what Mozart may have looked like. Eerie!, The children's movie I filmed with Heather Graham, "The Flying Machine," is now available on-demand. It was the first film that combined live-action and stop-motion animation in 3D. There is lots of Chopin's music in the film as you'll see from the clip below!, He wasn't always my favorite guy growing up, but tomorrow is Austrian pianist, Carl Czerny's birthday. I spent countless hours practicing his études and appreciate him much more now!, You guys are right! :) It's Bartók's Piano Concerto No. 2!! Still a little while before it's out, but I promise it will be worth the wait., Another couple of hints about the Simon Rattle/Berlin Phil recording: The piece first debuted on January 23, 1933 in Frankfurt. Below is the composer :), Another photo from my recording with Sir Rattle and the Berlin Phil. Here's a hint about which piece: it features piano! :), Incredible recording session with Sir Simon Rattle and the Berliner Philharmoniker. Not announcing the repetoire quite yet but I'll entertain guesses! :), Merci, Bordeaux!, Happy Valentine's Day! 情人节快乐！, Chateau Mouton-Rothschild Le Pouyalet, Yesterday, Glenn Gould won a well-deserved, posthumous "Lifetime Achievement Award" at The GRAMMYs. I paid my tribute to this amazing personality and groundbreaking musician in the below article. We miss you, Glenn., Happy New Year!! May you and your family enjoy excellent health and good luck in this Year of the Snake., I'm Performing tonight in Beijing at CCTV's 'Spring Festival Gala' in celebration of the Chinese (lunar) New Year! Some big surprises and guests in store!, null, Thank you, Berlin! With Gustavo Dudamel and the Berliner Philharmoniker, Video of my January 28 keynote address at MIDEM. I'm glad that most of the time, my fingers do the talking when I'm on stage! :), Die GOLDENE KAMERA von HÖRZU für Lang Lang / Foto: © HÖRZU ARNE WEYCHARDT/H, With the Godfather! (at the Golden Camera awards in Berlin), My new FC Bayern Munich football shirt! :) Thanks to Allianz for the great gift., I had the great opportunity of working with my friends, 2Cellos (Sulic & Hauser) on a track on their new album -- a cover of Coldplay's "Clocks". Watch below for behind-the-scenes!, Four sold-out nights with the Berliner Philharmoniker and Gustavo Dudamel begin on Thursday in Berlin. I'll be performing Bartók's Piano Concerto No. 2., and am excited to play this complex concerto with such a prestigious orchestra and conductor!, How do YOU think technology and music can come together to reach a broader audience? Would love to hear your ideas!, Great conference this year at Midem. So many innovative musicians, labels, brands, technologists all working towards making music more accessible. Inspiring! , China representing at MIDEM!, My morning walk in Cannes before my speech at MIDEM today..., I'm back! Thank you all for your messages and get-well wishes. Feeling much improved and am now in Cannes at Midem 2013. Tonight, the French Minister of Culture and Communication bestowed the decoration of “Chevalier” in the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres. I’m humbled and honored. Lots more from Midem tomorrow! :), My mom and I with Mo Yan, 2012 winner of the Nobel Prize in Literature. Have you read any of his books or short stories? They're fantastic!, With a new friend in Wuhu City (Anhui Province), Jan. 8, 2013. (Photo: Xinhua), null, Photos and video from the NYE performance with José Carreras. Tenor. Enjoy!, A New Year's message from Beijing :), 2013 is already off to an amazing start. Just performed with the brilliant José Carreras. Tenor. in Beijing at the National Stadium (the "Bird Nest"). We performed a Chinese song together which was broadcast live on China Central Television.

Happy New Year and thank you all for making 2012 so memorable. I hope to see many of you over the coming year!!, Thanks to Classic FM for including The Chopin Album on their list of top albums of 2012. So many great ones this year! 

http://www.classicfm.com/discover/best-2012/classic-fm-album-year-2012/tenebrae-lso-faure-requiem/#lang-lang-chopin-album, Concert tonight to commemorate the 5th anniversary of the opening of the National Center for the Performing Arts in Beijing. You may recognize/remember it for its nickname: The Egg! :), Merry Christmas, everyone! I hope Santa brings all you good boys and girls copies of the "Chopin Album" :), Here's the second video from the CBC Radio 2 - Tempo interview. I was forced to pick the one piece I would want to be stranded on a desert island with. Tough question! What would you choose??, I recently sat down with Julie Nesrallah at CBC Radio 2 - Tempo to talk about, (among other things) why the world still needs classical music. Why do YOU think? 

Watch the rest of the interview and read the blog post here: http://music.cbc.ca/#/blogs/2012/12/Lang-Lang-on-why-the-world-still-needs-classical-music, Photos from an arena concert in Quanzhou, Dec. 14 at the Guangxi Sports Center Stadium, A little bit lighter video than the one I posted yesterday. Practice your scales and arpeggios and have a great day! :), Deeply moving., I'm excited to download this new orchestra app created by my friend, Maestro Esa-Pekka Salonen!, Participated in an invigorating masterclass in Madrid yesterday sponsored by Espacio Fundación Telefónica. Four very talented young pianists with great futures ahead of them! You can watch the full class here: http://espacio.fundaciontelefonica.com/lang-lang-ofrece-una-clase-magistral-a-jovenes-promesas/, null, The NDR Sinfonieorchester posted the performance of Beethoven's Emperor Concerto with Christoph Eschenbach on their website from the Schleswig-Holstein Musik Festival last August. Also make sure to watch until the end for our four-hand encore! , Happy 190th Birthday to César Franck! Enjoy his Symphony in D minor today with Leonard Bernstein conducting., This girl (Alicia Keys) is on fire :), Appearing on Wetten, dass..? on December 8, 2012, Catch me on Wetten, dass..? tomorrow (Saturday). Should be quite a show!, For those in the New York area, I highly encourage you to attend Wu Man's concert at Symphony Space on Friday (12/7). Ticket info here: http://www.worldmusicinstitute.org/event/wu-man/ 

Watch her in the NPR| All Songs Considered clip below!, Here's an interview with JingLi US 荆莉US for Sina.com.cn, the largest Chinese entertainment website in the world. It has bi-lingual subtitles so English speakers can understand too :), In China for the next 5 weeks so will have more infrequent posts. Will keep you updated when I can! First concert is December 14th in Nanning, a very lush and tropical city near Vietnam., Please share this from UNICEF: Today is International Day of Persons with Disabilities. Are you helping to remove barriers for children with disabilities?, G'day! The Australian published a nice interview in their arts section today. :), Of all the amazing experiences and opportunities I have in my life, none mean more to me than working with the next generation of musicians and music lovers through the Lang Lang International Music Foundation., Just posted Japan, France, Germany, Austria and U.S. dates through early March 2013 on langlang.com. Take a look!, Thanks to Margret for sharing this short clip from a Hong Kong event on Sunday!, Concert tonight in Seoul with the Suwan Philharmonic. Korean station Arirang featured a segment yesterday in their "Arts and Culture" broadcast (starts at the 1:20 mark)., Congratulations to Gary Joseph Cohen-Photographer/Writer for his winning entry in the Chopin Album Photo Contest. For the photo, titled, "Chopin in Wonderland," he wrote: "Chopin is synonymous with Universe. Mercurial shifts in scale, from the metabolic to the galactic, appears to be a heart murmur one moment, a clap of thunder the next. I played with scale and expectation, informed largely by the pulsing fluctuation of tempo and voice in Chopin’s Nocturne, opus 55."

Thanks to him for entering. I hope you all like it as much as I do!, Just arrived in Seoul. Time for some Gangnam style :), Saw my good friend and mentor Gary Graffman in Taipei and sampled the local cuisine. :) Photo/Lin Tsai-yun for WantChinaTimes., About to fly from Taipei to Hong Kong. Tonight, a recital at the 香港文化中心 Hong Kong Cultural Centre. Below is a CNN interview published yesterday. Enjoy!, Check out China Central Television coverage of Tuesday's concert with Valery Gergiev in Shanghai., Our third photo contest winner: Adam Salas from Bloomington, IL. Adam wrote, "When listening to Chopin’s Nocturne, the foggy recollections of holidays and special occasions are filled with joy, beauty, and warmth but also sorrow in remembering lost loved ones. This photo represents a longing for finding the one true place to call home and keeping in touch with those you love." 

Great photo and description! Congratulations, Adam. 

Listen to Chopin's Nocturne in E-flat major op. 55 no. 2 here: https://www.facebook.com/langlangpiano/app_178091127385, Though we've collaborated for some time, today I'm pleased to announce a multi-year cooperation agreement with the Volkswagen Group to serve as a cultural ambassador. They have a true commitment to culture and the arts, and I'll be proud to arrive at all my concerts (worldwide!) in their vehicles., Bravo to Valery Gergiev and the Mariinsky Theatre Orchestra for tonight's concert in Shanghai. Tomorrow flying to Taipei and later in the week, to Hong Kong. Now, going to sleep! :), From the great people at UNICEF. Please share!, Prokofiev with Valery Gergiev and the Mariinsky Theatre Symphony Orchestra tonight in Shanghai., Congratulations to Laura Iriarte, another winner from the Chopin Album photo contest. Almost looks like a painting!, With John Legend. Photo courtesy Neil Rasmus/BFAnyc.com for W magazine, Check out the write-up and great photos from last night's Dom Pérignon event with John Legend. I hope to post more pics and video soon!, Teaming up with 9 time Grammy-award winning singer and pianist John Legend for Dom Pérignon's "Power of Creation" event tonight in New York. , Congratulations to Sarah Wu, one of five winners in the Chopin Album Photo Contest. I asked fans to submit a photo showing how they feel when they listen to Chopin's Nocturne op. 55, No. 2. Sarah wrote "From the first notes, the notes wash over in a melancholy reflection. For me, listening to the Chopin is reminiscent of a quiet lake at sunset." 

She'll be receiving an autographed copy of my new CD and DVD - released by Sony and available in stores and online. Well done!, Tune in to BBC1 tonight at 10:35pm for the Imagine documentary, “Do or Die: Lang Lang’s Story”, null, null, null, null, null, null, The Vice President went to my concert last night with his wife. My mom sat next to him. We met again backstage. He was amazed by how young my mom looks, asked for the tip, she said Chinese food :), With Vice President Joe Biden and Maestro Eschenbach backstage., Thank you, D.C.! , Wow! Gridlock in D.C. last night (and the traffic was bad, too..!) Apologies to The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts and the audience. Arriving early tonight for Beethoven No 3 :), null, I'm thrilled to be playing a duo recital with friend and mentor Christoph Eschenbach tonight at the Kennedy Center. In the below video, Maestro and I talk about the first time we met and how it changed my life., The public is invited to attend a free talk I'm giving at Columbia University in the City of New York next Tuesday, November 13th. This event is hosted by the CUCSSA. Register in advance here: http://www.cucssa.org/ccfreg10, 50,000! THANK YOU, Facebook Fans. Your support touches my heart., I sat down with legendary journalist and interviewer, Charlie Rose last week. Watch the video here:, Vote now! Playing three Beethoven piano concertos over the next few days at the Kennedy Center with Maestro Eschenbach and the National Symphony Orchestra. Which is your favorite?? , We didn't book a show on Tuesday because there's something else that people in this town are fixated on, apparently :), Morning view of The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts in Washington D.C. My home for the next week!, The Sony NEX-5R is how I keep you all up-to-date while I'm traveling. It's an amazing camera!, 6 performances over 7 days with the National Symphony Orchestra and Christoph Eschenbach at the Kennedy Center. Begins this Wednesday!, For those who missed the Musicians @Google last month, you can now watch the full video. I hope to see some of you at tonight's San Francisco Symphony concert!, Backstage at Davies Symphony Hall with Michael Tilson Thomas of the San Francisco Symphony and fellow Curtis Institute of Music alum, Yuja Wang., Photo in Golden Gate Park, San Francisco. Prokofiev and Rachmaninoff tonight and tomorrow with Michael Tilson Thomas and the San Francisco Symphony!, Tonight at Carnegie Hall postponed, but all other upcoming shows still on. Here's a picture of a promo in Paris for my February La Salle Pleyel concert. San Francisco on Friday!, Sadly, Lang Lang and Friends has been rescheduled to June 3rd due to Hurricane Sandy. Please retain your tickets, pending further instructions from Carnegie Hall. Ticketholders can direct any questions to CarnegieCharge at 212-247-7800 after tomorrow. 

Please be careful through the rest of the storm. Though this is disappointing, we all want everyone to remain safe. I'll give more updates as I get them., A very special surprise guest singer will join the festivities at Tuesday's Carnegie Hall show... and her name isn't Hurricane Sandy. Any guesses?, Snow in Denver! Concert tonight with the Colorado Symphony Orchestra., Barnes & Noble is featuring the Chopin Album this week at special pricing. Get the CD for only $7.19 or the deluxe edition for less than $10. I might have to stock up on a few, myself! :), The lovely and talented Danish singer-songwriter, Oh Land, joins me on stage at "Lang Lang and Friends" next week in NYC. She also wrote lyrics and sang a hauntingly beautiful bonus track on The Chopin Album. Check it out!, Taxis in Hong Kong give new meaning to "pedal technique"! 

The Chopin Album is now available worldwide! 
CD: http://myplay.me/w4e  Digital: http://myplay.me/w4r, Proud to be announced as the Global Ambassador for the Volkswagen Group. Photo with Dr. Winterkorn, CEO of Volkswagen AG., My favorite food? Exercise regimen? Packing habits? Check out this travel interview with Jae-Ha Kim (Journalist) for the Chicago Tribune!, Enjoying the beautiful season while taking a walk in Central Park with mom., Ciao! Italian TV station Tg2 did a feature on the Chopin Album and Ocean Etude video collaboration with Marquese yesterday., Happy Birthday to my piano hero, Franz Liszt!, Relaxing at the pool before playing Beethoven's Piano Concerto No. 2 with the Houston Symphony., Front page interview/article with the Houston Chronicle about Beethoven and the differences between playing a concerto vs. a piano recital. 

http://www.chron.com/default/article/Lang-Lang-plays-Beethoven-3953938.php, Here's a very complimentary review of Tuesday's recital in San Antonio. Had a wonderful time! Tonight, the first of three performances with Pablo Heras-Casado and the Houston Symphony., Here is video from last week's interview with Tavis Smiley on PBS. It's always such a pleasure to talk with him about music!, What do you picture when you listen to Chopin? Show me! I'll pick my favorite 5 fan original photo submissions and winners get an autographed CD/DVD of the Chopin Album and featured here on my website and Facebook page., The stars at night, are big and bright...Deep in the heart of Texas! Excited for tonight's recital presented by the San Antonio Symphony at the The Majestic Theatre. Should I wear a cowboy hat?, Fantastico! Italian TV station Tg3 featured my new “Ocean Etude” video with Marquese in their news report. Fast forward to the 21 minute mark to watch!, U.S. fans can watch an exclusive of my new Ocean 12 video at MSN Entertainment., My new video! I had so much fun shooting this in Vienna with Nonstop AKA Marquese and love how it turned out. What do you think!?, Thank you to all who participated in the Musicians @Google Talks. Some great questions! For those who might have missed it, the full Talk will be posted soon., See you less than a half hour for Musicians @Google! :), Join me tomorrow morning for Musicians @Google Talks livestream. I'll be doing a 20 min talk, 20 min performance and 20 min Q&A., Join me on Sunday, Oct. 14 for a conversation with Sir Howard Stringer (Chairman of the Board at Sony) in talking about the future of classical music at the 92nd Street Y. It should be a lot of fun!, I'll be doing an exclusive LIVE STREAM performance and interview with Musicians @Google Talks on YouTube on Monday Oct. 15 at 11am EST., To my friends and fans:, Have you entered? We've already gotten some great entries for the Chopin Album Photo Contest. At the end of the month, I'll pick my favorite photos and give out 5 autographed deluxe album packs!, Another post on Chopin (for those who missed my earlier posts, my new CD is Chopin so I’ve been thinking about him a lot and wanted to share some of these thoughts)! He’s one of the best-balanced composers in Romantic music for sure. During the Romantic period a lot of people tried to do incredible things like Liszt and Schumann and they didn’t want to be balanced, they thrived on the craziness of the Romantic period, those incredible contrasts, breaking through barriers. 

Chopin is like someone who comes and says, “I love the new time but I want to go my own way and not try to break anything.” And you can feel the legato in his music, the singing technique brought to the piano. That’s one major breakthrough he did make, he made the piano like opera. Before him, Mozart had made the piano sing, but Chopin did that for the Romantic period and it feels natural with Chopin. Why? Because he really knows the reasons to be poetic, and that’s why they call him the poet of the piano. And accompanying singers has actually helped me to understand and play Chopin. I understand that you have to think about the story, and how he tells it., Tickets still available!, Tonight on PBS, I'll be appearing on the Tavis Smiley show to talk about my new Chopin album. Times vary, so please check your local listings for air time. http://www.pbs.org/wnet/tavissmiley/interviews/classical-pianist-lang-lang/ 

Photo: T.S. Media / Van Evers, Amazon has the new digital album for only $7.99. That's only $.39 per track!, Wonderful concert hall in Salt Lake City! Wow!, The Chopin Album is streaming this week at AOL Music's Full CD Listening Party page. There is also a link to the album at Amazon. Any favorite tracks after the first listen? I'd love to know!, It’s finally out! The Chopin Album is now available in stores and online in the U.S. and Canada. I can’t wait for you to hear it!!

CD: http://myplay.me/w4d
Digital: http://myplay.me/w4q, Any Gershwin fans out there? I highly encourage you to buy tickets for "Crazy For... Gershwin" at Symphony Space in New York on 10/16. If I didn't have a performance in San Antonio that night, I would be there!, In anticipation of the "Chopin Album" release this month (U.S. and Canada tomorrow!!), we're launched a fun photo contest in collaboration with Sony Masterworks. Submit a photo that shows what you picture when you listen to Chopin and you could win an autographed copy of the album and DVD. U.S. residents only., Arrived in Malibu. Going to do a TV appearance in LA., My mom and I with Quincy Jones earlier this week. :), Peaceful and relaxing., Thrilled to be performing three consecutive days with the talented San Diego Symphony -- Beethoven's "Emperor" Concerto tonight and Sunday, Tchaikovsky on Saturday!, Gavin Elder captured last month's Dom Pérignon Versailles collaboration between Alexandre Desplat, myself and Robert Wilson on film. I hope you enjoy watching as much as I do!, Lost in the music. Photo by Xun Chi., Ads for "Lang Lang and Friends" at Carnegie Hall going up around New York City! Do you have your tickets yet?, In a good mood after tonight's beautiful Santa Barbara sunset and recital. :), The legend himself, Quincy Jones! I had the honor of participating in the Montblanc de la Culture Award Ceremony in recognition of Mr. Jones last night in Hollywood., More on Chopin – I posted some thoughts about his music recently which I hope you found interesting (and played some Chopin on Jay Leno last night). But with this great composer there’s always more to say (and of course he’s on my mind a lo
t with my new album, which is all Chopin)…
 
I was saying that Chopin is always so beautiful it can be a challenge to bring out the complex emotions. I’ve tried different ways. Sometimes I’ve tried playing it like Beethoven or Shumann but it doesn’t work with Chopin. Some of Schumann’s work has an incredible craziness of imagination and you can bring out these strange characters and all those magical pedals, you can kind of hear the sound behind your ears! But when I’ve played Chopin this very characterful approach doesn’t feel right, it just adds extra tension to his music.
 
Early Scriabin is basically like Chopin, very beautiful, and then later he developed to a different route, much more spiritual. But playing Chopin like the mature Scriabin is not going to work either. I hear some pianists, some great ones, trying to push for a bigger range in Chopin’s music and it just seems like putting a painting into a wrong frame, it doesn’t show that well., Thanks to everyone who watched the Tonight Show with Jay Leno last night. If you missed it, click the link below to watch. The kids and I play on the last segment (38 minutes in)., Who has the better chin?, About to tape the Tonight Show with Jay Leno with students from the Lang Lang International Music Foundation. What a thrill! :), Stay up late tonight! I'll be the musical guest on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno on NBC. Some special friends will be joining me :), Back to school! Looking forward to tonight's Mozart/Chopin recital at the Robert and Margrit Mondavi Center for the Performing Arts at UC Davis. May be a few tickets remaining., Golden Gate Bridge, San Francisco, Wow! You guys are fast! Congratulations to our winner! He just scored tickets to "Lang Lang and Friends" at Carnegie Hall on 10/30 with Joshua Bell, Alec Baldwin and Dee Dee Bridgewater. Special thanks to Oh Land (who will also perform) for helping give out the tickets!, And the final location for the "Lang Lang and Friends" ticket giveaway is... Steinway Hall! (109 West 57th Street, New York, NY). Oh Land will be there to welcome the first to arrive with two tickets to the 10/30 benefit concert. Come into the main showroom and tell Oh Land that "Lang Lang is my friend!", Our third (and final) ticket giveaway for "Lang Lang and Friends" will take place in NYC tomorrow (Saturday). A very special friend will be on hand to personally give the tickets to whomever gets to the "secret location" first! I'll announce the location at precisely 11:30am EST. Please repost!, Our third (and final) ticket giveaway for "Lang Lang and Friends" will take place in NYC tomorrow (Saturday). A very special friend will be on hand to personally give the tickets to whomever gets to the "secret location" first! I'll announce the location at precisely 11:30am EST., The music of Chopin has played an important role in my career. As I turned 30 this year, I recorded my first album of solo piano works from the master composer. Watch videos of me from almost 20 years ago and more of my history with Chopin below., Here's a clip of one of my favorite Études from the upcoming album. To hear more, click on "The Chopin Album" app in the toolbar. Enjoy! , null, I could get used to this! :), Lang Lang International Music Foundation volunteers were out in full force on Monday at Times Square and Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts, promoting "Lang Lang & Friends," the 10/30 Carnegie Hall benefit concert. , Starting my California tour, looking forward to playing my new recital program with three Mozart Sonatas and all four Chopin Ballades. :), I'm a guest editor for this month's Wallpaper* magazine and had the great fun of collaborating with an illustrator to take readers on a tour of some of my favorite concert venues (National Grand Theatre in Beijing, Carnegie Hall in New York and the Berliner Philharmoniker). The magazine is available at newstands worldwide or online at http://www.wallpaper.com, Facebook的粉丝们，请看美国侨报对音乐会义演及专辑发行发布的消息。, A bit of Bach's Goldberg Variations on Glenn's infamous Steinway & Sons piano. Like playing history. Thanks to National Arts Centre/Centre national des Arts for the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity., The music of Chopin has been such a dynamic force in my life. Take a look at this brand-new video to see why., Performing tonight in Toronto at The Glenn Gould Variations. Students can come for free!, Last night at the National Arts Centre/Centre national des Arts gala red carpet with Mrs. Laureen Harper, wife of the Canadian Prime Minister. We talked about how to improve music education by increasing music outreach programs and holding more masterclasses., And... the tickets are gone! Thanks to all who participated and a special thanks to Kristina (and Zoe) from the Lang Lang International Music Foundation. For those who didn't win, tickets are still available for purchase below. All proceeds will go towards inspiring our next generation of classical music lovers and performers., Kristina and Zoe are waiting for you at FAO Schwarz on 5th Ave. two tickets to "Lang Lang and Friends" could be yours!, Look for Kristina from the Lang Lang International Music Foundation and her dog in front of FAO Schwarz on 5th Ave in NYC. First person to go up to them and say "Lang Lang is my friend" gets two tickets to the benefit concert! Go now!! :), It's almost that time again! In an hour (11am EST), we'll be giving away another pair of tickets to "Lang Lang & Friends" - the 10/30 Carnegie Hall benefit concert with Joshua Bell, Oh Land, Dee Dee Bridgewater and Alec Baldwin.

I'll announce a location somewhere in New York City at 11am. First one to arrive gets the tickets!, Wow! Glenn Gould's chair is so low! He would only play concerts sitting in this chair that his father had made--using it even after the seat had worn completely through!, Beautiful day in Ottawa, Canada's capital city. Looking forward to a busy couple of days with reheasals, masterclasses and interviews today. Tomorrow, the National Arts Centre/Centre national des Arts concert and gala with Maestro Pinchas Zuckerman and the NAC Orchestra., Great photos! Enjoyed my time in Kalamazoo so much. Thank you for having me. :), Today, a special treat! Enjoy a sneak peek of my new album with clips from all 19 album tracks. Click the link below or on my page toolbar. Feel free to share your favorite track and the joy of Chopin with your friends!, Yes!!, I had the great honor of performing at Marvin Hamlisch's memorial yesterday at Juilliard. Here's a photo of me with the legendary Barbra Streisand :), null, With Sir Richard! - one of twelve worthy recipients at the 2012 Conde Nast Traveler Visionaries Awards., Hard to believe it's been 12 years! Looking forward to Wednesday's return with the Kalamazoo Symphony Orchestra. Double Beethoven piano concerti! It will be fun :), Here's the cover of my upcoming release! So excited!! Presales begin very soon.

Photo ©Peter Hönnemann/Sony Classical, Congratulations to Lynlia Tso from LaGuardia Music High School! She just won two tickets to "Lang Lang & Friends" with Joshua Bell, Oh Land, Dee Dee Bridgewater and more! 

We'll be giving away two more pairs of tickets to the Lang Lang International Music Foundation's benefit concert over the next two weeks. Stay tuned for more opportunities to win! :), Here we go! Get to Josie Robertson Plaza at Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts, look for the violinist from Duo Sonidos (pictured below) and tell him "I'm Lang Lang's Friend!" 

The first person to do so wins two tickets to the 10/30 "Lang Lang and Friends" benefit concert! Good luck :), New Yorkers! Will be announcing the location of 2 free tickets to "Lang Lang & Friends" somewhere in the city in one hour (6pm EST). Stay tuned :), Tomorrow (Saturday) could be your lucky day! At 6pm EST I'll announce a location somewhere in NYC where we'll give away two tickets for Lang Lang International Music Foundation's benefit concert at Carnegie Hall on 10/30. Whomever gets to the location first, wins! 

Don't live in New York? Share this post on your timeline so that your friends in the area can win. :), Honored to perform at Marvin Hamlisch, the late-great composer/conductor/so-much-more's Memorial Service on 9/18 at The Juilliard School with Itzhak Perlman, Barbra Streisand, Aretha Franklin and so many others. He touched so many lives with his music, kindness and loving spirit., In honor of Clara Schumann's birthday, here's a "dedication" written by her husband, Robert, on the occasion of their wedding., Tonight's performance with Orchestre de Paris and Paavo Järvi will be broadcast live on a variety of websites and stations including: Cité de la Musique Live, ARTE, Mezzo Classic-Jazz TV, and Radio Classique. 8pm Paris time., Good luck to all the talented finalists! The finals will be broadcast live on BBCRadio3 on Friday and Saturday. I hope you'll listen!, The "Love Bridge" in Paris. Couples commonly engrave their initials, names or dates on a lock and attach it to the fence. Together, they then throw the key into the river Seine below!, null, Versailles-Creators-Bob-Wilson, Me, Richard-Geoffroy, Alexandre-Desplat. Photo courtesy of Dom Pérignon., Amazing! Photo courtesy of Dom Pérignon, With Alexandre Desplat. Photo courtesy of Dom Pérignon., I believe that there are still limited tickets available for Saturday's Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra "Year of the Dragon" Soiree and Gala at Heinz Hall with Manfred Honeck. Get them while you can!, Over the next few weeks, we'll be giving New York-area fans a chance to win tickets to the Lang Lang International Music Foundation benefit show on 10/30 at Carnegie Hall with Joshua Bell, Oh Land, Alec Baldwin and Dee Dee Bridgewater. First chance to win will be this Saturday! Stay tuned for more information...  :), First dish from last night's Dom Pérignon event. That's the ceiling of Versailles reflecting on the mirrored glass. Heavenly!, Looking forward to a very special event tonight with Dom Pérignon at the Chateau de Versailles!! Oscar nominee, Alexandre Desplat composed three original works inspired by three vintages of champagne! The video below shows some of the creative process behind the collaboration., Met with Dame Fanny Waterman of The Leeds International Piano Competition yesterday. I have the greatest respect for her, the organization, and the talented competitors in this year's competition! http://www.leedspiano.com/, Prokofiev’s Piano Concerto number 3, in Paris! I thought it might be fun to start sharing some thoughts about the music with my friends and fans, and Prokofiev is a good place to start. He is a very percussive composer, and he gives the pianist an extremely percussive technique, but one should never just bang away at the keys! Because at the same time he can be very dark and very lyrical. Compared to Rachmaninov, Prokofiev can be darker in the musical lines, but still there is so much passion there – when you play it, it can feel almost like your heart comes out from the piano. It’s that powerful. 

And some moments are blackly humorous. It’s a strange kind of humour, as with the funny accent he has the woodwind solo adopt at the opening of the second movement. That kind of playing with character is really contemporary in some ways. But I really like the way he combines contemporary chord structures into the romantic themes – in some senses, the kind of thing Chopin did in his era, merging romantic feelings into classical form, Prokofiev did in his! And so, when I play Prokofiev, it’s never just another work. You always feel you’re in the hands of a master who changed music., With Jorg Widmann and Paavo Jarvi after the concerts in Frankfurt. Photo courtesy of Maestro Jarvi., Thank you to everyone who shared "The Chopin Album" press release this week! The five winning fans (by random drawing) are: Alan Lee, Katherine Ivan, Chiaki Constantin, Deborah Swain and Conny Lin. Please send a direct message with your mailing address and we'll send you a CD/DVD when they are ready! :), Interview with the Frankfurter Neue Presse., The true star! :), Extremely excited for the release of "The Chopin Album" on Oct. 9. Share the below link on your timeline, leave a comment after you have, and you'll be entered to win 1 of 5 deluxe, limited editions of the album/dvd from Sony Masterworks., Looking very much forward to playing at the National Arts Centre/Centre national des Arts Gala on 9/22 with Pinchas Zukerman and the NAC Orchestra. Great musicians and a great cause., After-show picture with Katherine Jenkins in Beijing. So much fun! :), Two concerts next week with Paavo Järvi and the Frankfurt Radio Symphony Orchestra on 9/6 and 9/7 at Alte Oper. Any favorite things to do/see in the city?, It's a Prokofiev kind of day!, Who's excited for the Lang Lang International Music Foundation benefit concert at Carnegie Hall on Oct. 30? Help spread the word by going to the below link and sharing via Facebook or Twitter! Thank you :), A picture of my Saturday Debussy duet with Christoph Eschenbach!, (Xinhua Photo), Canadians! Appearing tonight on CBC's "George Stroumboulopoulos." 11:05pm. Other guests include Tony Bennett, Eugene Levy and Whosarmy. I think you'll enjoy it :), So pleased to announce the addition of Oh Land to the Foundation benefit at Carnegie Hall on 10/30! , Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany, Acceptance speech, After receiving the Bundesverdienstkreuz, Germany's highest civilian honor AND dinner!? :), It's an honor in any language :), Received Germany's highest civilian honor this evening: the Bundesverdienstkreuz. What a day!, With Maestro Christoph Eschenbach at the Schleswig-Holstein Musik Festival. Tomorrow's concert with NDR Sinfonieorchester should be amazing! More photos to come :), I feel truly humbled. Thank you to The Leeds International Piano Competition for bestowing this great honor. I look forward to helping "The Leeds" continue its noble mission for many years to come., The mission of the Lang Lang International Music Foundation is to educate and inspire the next generation of classical music lovers and performers by cultivating tomorrow’s top pianists, delivering music education, and building a young audience through live music experiences., Watch this to see why the Lang Lang International Music Foundation is so close to my heart., Only 7 short weeks before my new album of solo Chopin piano works comes out on Sony Masterworks. I'm so excited for you all to hear it! Any guesses for what will be on it? :), In honor of Claude Debussy's birthday today, here's something a little different: Joshua Bell playing "La Fille aux Cheveux de Lin." Joshua and I will play together (for the first time!) on 10/30 at Carnegie Hall in a benefit for the Lang Lang International Music Foundation. Tickets available at carnegiehall.org, The great Arthur Rubinstein performing Beethoven's "Emperor Concerto." I'll be playing this tonight with Mahler Chamber Orchestra and Manfred Honeck in Lucerne!, Behind the scenes :), Lucerne Jesuit Church at night, Switzerland, null, Flew into beautiful Switzerland this morning in preparation for tomorrow's performance at the LUCERNE FESTIVAL with Manfred Honeck and the Mahler Chamber Orchestra., With David Garrett, Happy Birthday to Antonio Salieri (born in 1750). He's gotten a bad rap since Amadeus but was one of the most talented composers and teachers of his day--pupils included Schubert, Beethoven, Liszt and even Mozart's son, Franz Xavier. And, he didn't kill W.A. Mozart! :), I'm in Vienna recording a very unique music video. Can't mention too much about it now but in few weeks you will see! I hope that you'll like it. :), I've just added an Instagram feed tab to the Facebook page. You can view my photos in the above apps section. I hope you enjoy! :), Tickets go on sale for three dates with Gustavo Dudamel and the LA Phil at Disney Hall on Sunday. I'll be performing one of Tchaikovsky's masterpieces: Piano Concerto No. 1. Can't wait! , Breathtaking sunset at an Austrian lake. Can you see the balloons in the distance?, I picked some flowers here today. Isn't it amazing!?, Please enjoy the latest newsletter from the Lang Lang International Music Foundation. This edition includes stories on my 30th Birthday celebration in Berlin, 101 Pianists event in Italy, Young Scholar Jonathan Yang (pictured below) and the upcoming foundation benefit concert at Carnegie Hall in October., Such a great rehearsal! , New Yorkers! Join me on Oct. 30 for "Lang Lang and Friends," a special one-night only concert at Carnegie Hall. In addition to myself, Joshua Bell, Dee Dee Bridgewater, Natasha Bedingfield and other special guests (to be announced!) will perform. Alec Baldwin will host! All proceeds to benefit the Lang Lang International Music Foundation. Tickets start at only $18. Please share and help get the word out!, Thank you Classic FM! I enjoy following you too!, An evening walk in Salzburg. So pretty!, Guten Tag! Flew into Munich this morning and staying in Salzburg (the birthplace of Mozart) for a few days. Always love coming back to the homeland of so many of my favorite composers. :), Do you like my new haircut?, Wonderful memories from the Diamond Jubilee. Photo courtesy of the BBC., Greeting Her Majesty, Queen Elizabeth II at the Diamond Jubilee in June. Photo courtesy of the BBC., I play scales every day, very slowly. Then octaves. After this, the hands are warmed up and you're ready to work on the music. But don't pay too much attention to technique so that it becomes hard work. You need hard work - but not too hard. :), World Humanitarian Day is August 19. Join me and UNICEF in reaching 1 billion people one 1 day with 1 message of hope. http://whd-iwashere.org/ Please share this!, He's so funny!, Zhou Libo came to my concert tonight :), The Philadelphia Orchestra tonight. Yannick Nézet-Séguin was amazing!, 4 years ago today! 2008 Beijing Olympics: Opening Ceremony. 8/8/08, More than a decade ago, made my The Philadelphia Orchestra debut playing Mendelssohn's Piano Concerto No. 1 in G minor (Op. 25). Hard to believe I was only 18. I'm getting old!! :), Thrilled to be playing with my "hometown orchestra" again tomorrow night-- The Philadelphia Orchestra! Such a long and wonderful history with them since my days at Curtis Institute of Music., Here is one of the pieces I'll be playing with the The Philadelphia Orchestra at Saratoga Performing Arts Center on 8/8 with Yannick Nézet-Séguin, Piano Paradise!, 今晚七点半请关注美国中文电视《中文巡礼》奥运特别节目， 上午刚刚录制的访谈节目, I'll be appearing on SinoVision's Olympic TV special tonight (7:30pm and 10:30pm EST) and tomorrow morning (7:30am EST). Should be a fun program!, Olympic table tennis! China won gold and silver :), Honored to receive the "Outstanding Contribution Award" from the Organizing Committee of the Olympic Fine Arts on Monday night in London. What a special evening!, On my good days I can reach a 12th. Can you imagine what 姚明 Yao Ming could do!?, Look who I ran into last night! 姚明 Yao Ming!!! As friendly and personable as he is tall :), Performing tonight at a special art exhibition from UK-based artists and contemporary Chinese artists--hosted by the International Olympic Committee. Many important dignitaries and artists will be in attendance. I'll post photos later this evening!, Excited to play Brahms and Liszt with The Philadelphia Orchestra at the Saratoga Performing Arts Center on 8/8 (lucky number!). Anyone here going?, One of my favorite tracks!, Great respect for ALL Olympic athletes but especially proud of my home country!, Take a sad song and make it better...  :), So exciting!, null, You won't believe who just jumped out of a helicopter. Unreal!!, null, null, null, A hint:  :), It's raining..., Performers at tonight's Opening Ceremonies include several of my friends... Stay tuned to see which ones!, Short interview with Sky News before taking the boat to Olympic Stadium for the Opening Ceremonies., My mother and I have arrived!, I've been on a lot of boats recently! This one is going to the Olympic Stadium., At Tower Bridge, just interviewed by Sky News, looking back to the Beijing Olympics opening. Great memories, and today should be great too!, Watch out for my messages today from an amazing event in London (hint)!, Vielen Dank! Humbled to learn about receiving Germany's highest civilian honor, the Bundesverdienstkreuz., Taping of masterclass with Sir Michael Parkinson and a student from the Royal College of Music, Exercise to music is FUN! w/ Elmo and Sesame Street  :), I still think that I won... 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ll4JVYhy11A, Thanks to Classic FM for the fantastic photo gallery. Brings back memories... :), Loving the slo-mo and "Chariots of Fire" soundtrack :) That's really what it felt like!, Made a new friend in London., What an incredible experience. :), London 2012!, Running with the flame!, Watch my leg of the Olympic torch relay in about 10 minutes! (2:20 London time), Details about my torch route for tomorrow:

"You will carry the Flame on Sunday 22 July in Havering (London Borough). You will be Torchbearer number 102. Leg 102 starts in Havering (London Borough), and you will travel along Billet Lane from Keswick Avenue and finish on North Street at Westland Avenue. This journey will start at about 02:22pm and cover a distance of 370 yards."

I'm supposed to wear unbranded white sneakers :), Leaving France's blue coast, headed to the UK for the Olympic torch relay. See me carry the flame tomorrow at 11:30 AM London time!, My vacation balcony:), Looks like Debussy is the fan favorite :) Here's a video of one of my favorite of his pieces. Enjoy!, Enjoying a few days off in Southern France. Who is your favorite French composer?, Chopin Étude Op. 25, No. 1 in A-flat Major (Aeolian Harp) from Latitude Festival 2012, Sunny Day in Saint Tropez (it rhymes!), So much candy! :), Arriving in style :), Lang Lang is now on Tumblr!, New friends from Latitude Festival :), Photo courtesy of @cathviva, Photo courtesy of International Piano Magazine, Pic courtesy of Latitude Festival, Photo courtesy of International Piano Magazine, How I get to the stage at the Latitude Festival #3 - aaaand here's the piano..., How I get to the stage at the Latitude Festival #2 - ah, now I see!, How I get to the stage at Latitude #1 - no road?, Bon 14 Juillet! Happy Bastille Day to all my French fans. See you in September! :), This made me laugh! :) Happy Friday the 13th :), Love the Concerts in the Parks!, Want to know what it's like when I'm on tour? Check out this CNN interview that aired today! :), The Lang Lang International Music Foundation educates the next generation of classical music lovers and performers. Here is a short video about our work!, For those who may have missed my 30th Birthday concert in Berlin, Spanish TV broadcast the entire performance yesterday. Many thanks to Lang Lang y Telefónica, Herbie Hancock and my young musician friends who played so well!, Happy Birthday to Mahler, Gustav. One of the greats!, Here's a recent interview from the Czech Republic. Some great questions asked in a beautiful setting! The introduction is in Czech but the rest of the interview is in English. Enjoy!, Happy 4th of July, America! Be careful around fireworks tonight. You'll need those hands for playing the piano! :), Looking forward to playing Latitude Festival in 12 days. My first outdoor music festival! Who's coming?, Fun video from the June 15 Berlin concert with Herbie Hancock. Improvisations from Bernstein's "West Side Story.", If you haven't already, please follow me on Twitter. I post photos and comments almost every day!, Flashback! Almost 2 years ago., Finished my last recital of this season in Napoli, Italy. Going to Hong Kong today, Me and Jin Cheng Wu in Milan yesterday, Cards and flowers from Mr. Armani, Talking with Mr. Armani, All the models, With Giorgio Armani!, With 100 young pianists in Rome!, Look at this :), 100 young pianists getting ready for the workshop Rome, Playing Beethoven in Rome tonight!, On wanting to work with Jay-Z, and other goals for the future in a new interview for Q Magazine, Great time with Herbie Hancock in Berlin last week, Very excited to be in Rome this week! , "Happy Birthday from your godson who loves you!!!!!" :), End of the concert last night with all the young pianists, Full house at the O2 World Berlin:) http://instagr.am/p/L6MfBwxiu8/, Stage entrance at O2 World Berlin. Here we go..., The 50 winning young pianists rehearsing onstage for the bday concert!

Beginning in less than an hour (19:30 CET, 1:30EDT). Watch at http://bit.ly/LLtelefonica http://instagr.am/p/L5ssRXxirb/, Rehearsal for the big bday concert tonight.

You can watch live at http://bit.ly/LLtelefonica (1:30pm EDT / 19:30 CET), Setting up for the big Birthday bash tomorrow night at the O2 World Berlin, Birthday cake in Berlin :), Wish Lang Lang a happy 30TH BIRTHDAY today by sharing his page with your friends!, Wow, last day ever of being 29 :), Lang Lang’s Berlin Concert on Friday marks a turning point in how live entertainment is consumed over the web.

The special performance will be broadcasted to a worldwide audience utilizing a new social platform that offers an eye-opening look at the shifting shape of entertainment today: CamUp.

Via CamUp, you will be able to watch the concert in private chat rooms with 8-10 friends, and this is also enabled privately for the families of the winning children that can not come to Berlin!, This is Daniela, one of the Lang Lang y Telefónica Competition winners from Mexico. She will participate in the birthday concert in Berlin on Friday!, Great news! You'll be able to watch the 30th birthday concert in Berlin on Friday live at https://www.langlangberlin.telefonica.com/ (7:30 CET, 1:30 EST), Getting some fresh air is good for our health.., Arrived in Berlin. making my new recording in studio:)  very exciting!, From a fan on Twitter, Know anyone who shares a June 14th birthday with Lang Lang?

If so, they have the chance to win TWO FREE TICKETS to the exclusive birthday concert at the O2 World Berlin on June 15th with special guest Herbie Hancock! Enter here: http://on.fb.me/BdayTix., Monday's performance at the Queen's Diamond Jubilee concert at Buckingham Palace, Tonight at Royal Albert Hall, Last night's performance at the Queen's Diamond Jubilee Concert. If you're in the US, you can watch tonight at 9pm Eastern on ABC., Right before performing at the Diamond Jubilee concert!, Diamond Jubilee concert beginning now... performing soon! In the UK you can watch live at http://www.bbc.co.uk/bbcone. It will air in the US at 9pm tomorrow on ABC., The stage for the Queen's Diamond Jubliee concert :) starting to play on stage soon, Recital at Teatro Colón in Buenos Aires last weekend, Greetings from Mexico City. Sunny day http://instagr.am/p/LTV47Xxiub/, My Argentine recital at @TeatroColon. Wonderful hall :) http://instagr.am/p/LTIRXLRioT/, A very special night of music with Joshua Bell, Dee Dee Bridgewater and more at Carnegie Hall, hosted by Alec Baldwin. Tickets onsale now: http://bit.ly/NfFiVE, Nice cover photo, NPR Classical!, With young Brazilian friends in Rio. They (the orchestra) played everything by memory!!!, Backstage in the Maestro Suite at Carnegie Hall 

Listen live to the performance now! http://n.pr/L0rZdk, Listen live to the sold out recital at Carnegie Hall tonight via WQXR and NPR Classical! Will be playing Bach, Schubert, and Chopin at 8pm EDT., Argentina's high heel bridge :), Photo by Luiza Sigulem, Revista Brasileiros, Photo by Luiza Sigulem, Revista Brasileiros, Photo by Luiza Sigulem, Revista Brasileiros, Photo by Luiza Sigulem, Revista Brasileiros, Rio is so special, With Ricardo Kakà :), Victoria is the winner from Brazil who will play with me on my 30th birthday!

You can now buy tickets to the concert in Berlin from Ticketmaster Germany at: http://bit.ly/Jl1XRo, São Paulo tree, © Robert F. Kusel - 2012, © Robert F. Kusel - 2012, © Robert F. Kusel - 2012, © Robert F. Kusel - 2012, Ovation in Sao Paulo last night, "Lang Lang is easily the world’s most popular pianist. But who cares? The title to which the 29-year-old laid claim on Tuesday night in an OSM-sponsored recital was more significant: the best." -The Montreal Gazette, Wednesday, Always a thrill to sell out Carnegie Hall, Resting before the concert at Miami's south beach. Very refreshing., We now know the names of the young promises who will play with me in Berlin on my 30th birthday.

This is Matteo, one of the 3 winners from Spain. , Commencement fun, One away!, Along with Alec Baldwin, receiving an honorary doctoral degree at Manhattan School of Music last week

Photo by Brian Hatton Photography, Just joined Instagram! Follow langlangpiano :), Bach, Schubert, and Chopin at the Lyric Opera of Chicago this weekend, Walking on the hills in Montreal. Nice day to get out!, Mothers Day yesterday :), Manhattan School of Music Doctor of Musical Arts, honoris causa, Party in NY. Recognize anyone? :), We know now the names of the young pianists that will play with Lang Lang on his 30th birthday in Berlin!

Watch them all by clicking Gallery-->Winners at https:/langlangberlin.telefonica.com/ (You can select to view the page in English at the top). , "Lang Lang has been called 'the hottest artist on the classical music planet,' and he demonstrated why on Friday night." -The Cincinnati Enquirer http://cin.ci/KM6esT, Some photos from the performances in Cincinnati this weekend, The finalists have been announced for the Lang Lang y Telefónica competition! Watch them all at https://www.langlangberlin.telefonica.com/, Encore with Roberto Alagna in Barcelona, Just announced the winners of the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra master class on Saturday! Looking forward to working with each of them. Watch Cindy below and the other winners at http://bit.ly/masterclassLL., Nice walk on the bridge in Cincinnati, Participating in a web chat with the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra in less than 2 hours (7pm EDT)... join us!, null, null, null, null, My mothers cooking (dumplings)(jiu cai he zi) is the best in the world! So happy to have home cooked food by my mother!, Tower City Center in Cleveland, The Cleveland Orchestra
Franz Welser-Möst, conductor
Lang Lang, piano
BARTÓK - Piano Concerto No. 2
BRUCKNER - Symphony No. 4
Photo by Roger Mastroianni




 © 2012 Roger Mastroianni, Answering questions you all asked on Twitter. Follow @lang_lang if you aren't already :), Wow!

Over 260 children in 11 countries have submitted videos to the Lang Lang y Telefónica competition for the chance to join and play in front of 10,000+ in June at the O2 World Berlin.

Vote for your favorites at https://www.langlangberlin.telefonica.com/, With the president of FC Barcelona, Mr. Rosell, Watch the surprise Liszt performance on El Número Uno, Currently trending on Twitter! Thanks to everyone for the kind words after El Número Uno, My dessert in Barcelona before the big football game, Lunch on the beach in Barcelona :), Giving a master class in Barcelona in 10 minutes - you can watch live via LaVanguardia.com, Performing tonight at the beautiful Palau de la Música in Valencia, Me gusta Madrid, Giving a master class in Barcelona you all can watch on Friday thanks to LaVanguardia.com at 16:00 CEST (10am EST). Will post the link to watch here on Facebook! More info at http://bit.ly/IEIYuN, You can WIN A MASTER CLASS WITH LANG LANG just by uploading a video of yourself to YouTube by Friday!, What an honor to be included with so much great talent in the inaugural Gramophone Hall of Fame!, Piano students from Quebec, Canada, Pinterest, anyone?, Top left corner :) , Did you know that there is a looming food crisis in the Sahel? More than 13 million people in the region will need help in 2012. UNICEF is mobilizing all their offices, supporters and networks to respond to the crisis. Today, UNICEF Executive Director Anthony Lake arrived in Chad to see how the Sahel crisis is affecting children on the ground., Performed on Saturday in beautiful Prague, Part of the Dvorak Prague Festival, Performance of Liszt piano concerto no. 1 with the San Francisco Symphony will be broadcast on PBS tonight at 9pm! Info below., A chance for children age 7-14 to perform with Lang Lang in front of 10,000 people on his 30th birthday! http://bit.ly/LLtelefonica, Just finished the concert at Musikverein Wien to celebrate its 200th Season. It was such an inspired occasion and I deeply appreciate the audience’s passionate engagement. Also, I had an amazing time again with Die Münchner Philharmoniker and Maestro Zubin Mehta. 

Yes! Musikverein, 200 years!!, Performing tonight at the incomparable Musikverein Wien in Vienna with Die Münchner Philharmoniker, Vienna bound!, Last week at the New York International Children's Film Festival, two of the Lang Lang foundation's Young Scholars, Derek Wang and Anna Larsen, beautifully played live along with a screening of Magic Piano. This was the first time in history that a 3D film animation was screened with live accompaniment., Excited to perform with Herbie Hancock at the United Nations General Assembly Hall with hosts Morgan Freeman, Robert DeNiro, Michael Douglas, and Quincy Jones!, Introducing Lang Lang's new Timeline. Today we'll be adding all of the pictures everyone submitted... hope you all enjoy the trip down memory lane!, null, Performing the 1st of 3 Beethoven concerto recitals tonight at Royal Albert Hall, Would you like a chance to win a master class with Lang Lang? 

Enter via the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra: http://bit.ly/masterclassLL, Today is the last day to become part of the timeline! 

Submit your pics to http://on.fb.me/langlangtimeline, Do you have a favorite photo of or with Lang Lang? Submit it! http://on.fb.me/langlangtimeline, Got a chance to visit the British Museum yesterday. Amazing!, UNICEF event on May 6, 2010 at Elements 圓方

Thank you Amy Hon for the picture. Send your pics and become part of the official Timeline: http://on.fb.me/langlangtimeline, Looking forward to 3 great nights at Royal Albert Hall next week!

Thank you Wisdom Hill for the picture. Please continue to submit your pics: http://on.fb.me/langlangtimeline, Wrote this a year ago. Let's not forget our friends in Japan still need help., Amazing time at Philharmonie am Gasteig in Munich, Nice conversation with Jian Ghomeshi from Q on CBC Radio.

"Liszt is probably the best piano teacher ever" Do you agree??, Philharmonie am Gasteig

Submitted by Tomomi Komatsu, Better instruments inspire you to be a better pianist!, The world promised to improve lives of 100 million slum dwellers by 2015. Instead, slums have grown. #MDG #SOWC2012 PLEASE SHARE, Dedication, passion for music, mentorship and leaving a legacy, were among the topics discussed in this intimate chat with TSO Music Director Peter Oundjian, Here's more about the recent visit to Wolfsburg, Visited an elementary school in Wolfsburg this afternoon, played piano and spoke with about eighty kids, I'm so impressed by their lovely but meaningful and thoughtful questions. We talked about dreams, what it means to be a musician, among other things.

They gave me this very long paper keyboard with all of their signatures, which meant a lot to me :), Unforgettable vibe at the Berliner Philharmoniker, Happy Leap Day :), Performing tonight at the Berliner Philharmoniker!, Great concert yesterday at Semperoper Dresden, Supporting the World Wildlife Fund. Be the voice for those who have no voice., I taught three students. We mainly focused on music appreciation and some detailed changes in music tones, etc.

Photos by Ralph Williamson, Vienna's Musikverein Wien 200th year concert season magazine cover, Excited to be a part of the new 92nd Street Y season, Just finished three days at University of Oxford: a speech on 17th, concert on 19th and master class on 20th. It is a great university, I really enjoyed talking with students there. During the speech, they asked me precise questions. They were very interested in what I said and we were talking for almost two hours - I learned a lot from the discussion. Before the concert, I did an live interview with Sir Michael Parkinson. He asked me many thoughtful questions as well about the developing direction of music, what I learn from music, etc. In the master class, I taught three British students. We mainly focused on music appreciation and some detailed changes in music tones, etc., Speaking at The Oxford Union at the University of Oxford, Saw this walking on the street in Belgium after the concert... cute. Oxford today :), Looking at fire and snow falling at the same time is really inspiring!, I'm inside of a Swiss mountain today. Watching snow flying outside the hotel room window..., A special Valentines dedication to all of you, Happy V-Day from Amsterdam!, "Share" this picture and you're automatically entered to win what's in it :), Rehearsing Tchaikovsky in Luxembourg with the New York Philharmonic, Hanging up banners at L'Auditori de Barcelona... think they're big enough? :), #2 on the iTunes best of 2011 classical recordings!, French snails in Paris, Paris :), Philharmonie Luxembourg

Submitted by Valeria Knabe, News about the touring schedule this year, Beautiful Geneva, The Chinese New Year gala concert with the New York Philharmonic will be broadcast on the Phoenix Chinese channel on Feb. 4th at 4:00PM and repeat once at 11:45PM!, In Geneva, Switzerland

Submitted by Margret Richter-Oentrich, Sharing stories of success with China Daily USA, From Cincinnati, You can submit your questions for a Q&A in the Royal Albert Hall show programme over at their Facebook page, Hello Cincinnati! , A very special top 5..., Just fed the Dragon to celebrate the new year outside at Lincoln Center, Listen live tonight at 7:30pm EST as we celebrate the Year of the Dragon with the New York Philharmonic, playing the music of Bao Yuankai, Li Huanzhi, Chen Qigang, as well as Liszt's Piano Concerto No. 1, Celebrating the Year of the Dragon at Avery Fisher Hall

Submitted by Margret Richter-Oentrich, At Avery Fischer Hall in Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts

Submitted by Nicole Chen, You can watch a live webcast of the Chinese New Year concert in New York tonight at 6pm EST. Spread the word!, Happy Chinese New Year from backstage at Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts!, "Mr. Lang gave a brilliant performance, not just glittering and incisive but joyous and smart." -The New York Times

More Bartok and Serge Prokofieff with the New York Philharmonic at Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts tonight and tomorrow! Tickets at http://nyphil.org/., Rehearsing for a new recording with Herbie Hancock, Great illustration & write up in The New Yorker this week for the Chinese New Year performance with the New York Philharmonic: http://nyr.kr/LLPhilNewYear, Nice card from UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon. I'm so honored every day as an ambassador for UNICEF., Lang Lang has been shortlisted for entry to the Gramophone hall of fame! You can vote below., Hope everyone's 2012 is full of music and happiness, Happy holidays to everyone! :), Flashback! Performing with Christopher von Deylen's SCHILLER in 2008., What was everyone's favorite album of 2011?, Performing in Guangzhou earlier tonight, "Fashion is the theme of the world." -Lang Lang in a new interview with NOWNESS: http://www.nowness.com/day/2011/12/13?ecid=soc1268, Wishing a happy birthday today to my mom!!, We can end poverty by 2015 http://www.endpoverty2015.org/, Make sure you are following on Twitter if you aren't already :), On a huge screen announcing the winner of “Best Dance Performance Group – Male Group, and Female Group.”, Hallway of Singapore Indoor Stadium, 1 second before going out on stage for the performance with BEAST, The performance with BEAST / B2ST at the MAMA (Mnet Asian Music Awards) in Singapore. Enjoy!, null, Performing with B2ST at MAMA (MNet Asian Music Awards), With 슈퍼주니어(Super Junior), Rehearsing with BEAST / B2ST, null, null, In the new clip from the documentary "The Art of Being A Virtuoso," Lang Lang shares his thoughts on Liszt’s piano music.

You’ll find the full documentary on Lang Lang’s new DVD/Blu-Ray "Liszt Now", which you can order today on DVD at http://myplay.me/di7 or Blu-Ray at http://myplay.me/dgk., Piano recital in Kaohsiung, Taiwan

Submitted by Albee Ching Hsu, Happy Thanksgiving! I'm thankful for everyone who supports and believes in me., Exclusive clip from the new documentary "The Art of Being A Virtuoso" with Lang Lang's parents and piano teacher!

Watch the whole documentary on "Liszt Now", which you can order on DVD at http://myplay.me/dh3 or Blu-Ray at http://myplay.me/dfz., We finished all 5 Beethoven concertos in Toronto! my 1st Beethoven concerto cycle! Yes!, Taking a break at Sugar Beach in Toronto, You can now listen to 7 full Lang Lang albums for free on Spotify, With all Peter Oundjian and all 100 young pianists at the Toronto Symphony Orchestra!, Taking a picture with Glenn Gould :), Brand new trailer for the upcoming DVD/Blu-Ray "Liszt Now"

Pre-order now on DVD at http://bit.ly/mphDVD or Blu-Ray at http://bit.ly/mphBR, Beautiful Toronto :), Classical 96.3 FM in Toronto, Ontario

Submitted by Annie Zhou, Which ONE WORD best describes how you feel about Lang Lang's music?, Liszt Now - Lang Lang’s brandnew DVD and Blu-Ray. PRE-ORDER now!
Be the first to get the DVD at http://bit.ly/mphDVD or the Blu-Ray at http://bit.ly/mphBR., Two-week residency with the Toronto Symphony Orchestra begins tonight!, Performance at the My Week With Marilyn premiere, Enter to WIN a tour of the CN Tower / La Tour CN with Lang Lang, four tickets to the November 17 Lang Lang performance with the Toronto Symphony Orchestra, and a delicious lunch with TSO musicians at 360 Restaurant! Enter at: http://bit.ly/suiPN5, At the Hollywood premiere of My Week With Marilyn. I'm so happy to have played theme music in it., Greetings from Canada:), Performing the theme from My Week With Marilyn before it screens at the AFI FEST presented by Audi in LA on Sunday (and also play the theme in the movie's score)! Amazing film, watch the trailer below., Since you guys voted it your favorite track on My Piano Hero, here is a video of La Campanella from this years BBC Proms, Great master class at Harvard University last weekend, At Boston Common, beautiful weather and cute city., Some great pictures from Saturday, Guess who this is... Happy Halloween!, Some last minute tickets available for Sunday's concert at Symphony Hall in Boston!, I'm very excited about my first Harvard master class tomorrow. Looking forward to listening some talented students playing for me., You can now listen to My Piano Hero for free on Spotify... enjoy!, Halloween is coming!!, Chatting with Ariama about Liszt, Chopin, and Chinese culinary delicacies, At Carnegie Hall in New York City

Submitted by Margret Richter-Oentrich, Can u guess which piano I chose for tonights concert at Carnegie Hall? :), Chatting about Franz Liszt with Thomas Mars of Phoenix on NPR, Nice sunday afternoon in NY, Just a couple hours left, wish me luck and see you in movie theaters! 

(Tickets at www.fathomevents.com in the US and www.xdcentertainment.com in Europe/Asia), Twitter chat begins in 10 minutes! Tweet your questions @lang_lang using hashtag #Liszt200 and follow along at https://twitter.com/#!/search/realtime/%23liszt200!, My rendition of Liszt's Piano Concerto No.1 is featured as Amazon.com's "Song of The Day" today! Click here to download: http://amzn.to/rj2CTM, Back to philly for Liszt's 200th birthday cinemacast concert with the Philadelphia Orchestra :) happy!, A special shoutout and performance for Facebook fans before the special performance for Liszt's 200th birthday that will be broadcast in cinemas around the world!

Find out more about the very special event at http://www.facebook.com/event.php?eid=240151559363792, Hiroshima, Japan

Submitted by Michiko Ookouchi, What's your favorite track on My Piano Hero? , New trailer for Liszt's 200th birthday next week... RSVP and get tickets to watch in theaters across the US, Europe, and Asia at http://on.fb.me/nVgnkm. Hope you'll join!, Hello from Tokyo!, Sony Building in Tokyo, Japan

Submitted by Yumiko Sano, After concert walk in Brussels :), Liszt: My Piano Hero is out TODAY in the US! Available now on iTunes, Classical Archives, Amazon.com, Barnes & Noble and more: http://www.langlang.com/lisztmypianohero/, Can u guess what is this for?, Coffee time in Amsterdam :), With the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra in Amsterdam, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Weekend holiday in France :), Who wants to join me for a Twitter chat about Liszt on the eve of his 200th birthday? RSVP here http://on.fb.me/nVgnkm :), Rehearsing Bartok in Amsterdam with the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra, Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra in Amsterdam, Netherlands

Submitted by Catherina Li, Performing on Dutch TV show DWDD last night getting ready for this week's concerts with the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra in Amsterdam. Watch: http://bit.ly/qtLsrG (on around 36 minutes in), Missed the broadcast of the San Francisco Symphony Centennial Opening Gala concert with Itzhak Perlman and Michael Tilson Thomas conducting? You can stream it online now! http://bit.ly/qEVCGH, London's rose garden at regent park. I'm on my way to Birmingham now:), Greetings from Ireland :), Having fun in Hyde Park at the BBC Proms on Saturday, Backstage at the iTunes Festival in London for "Journeys With My Piano Hero" Episode 7 http://bit.ly/LangLangLiszt7, Performing Liszt tonight at the Last Night of the BBC Proms, Pre-sale tickets onsale today for a very special performance on Liszt's 200th birthday showing in movie theaters all around the U.S.!, So excited to be performing at the Last Night of the BBC Proms tomorrow night, #1 on the iTunes (UK) classical chart! Thanks everyone, Surprise! Listen live TONIGHT at 11pm ET... performing with Itzhak Perlman and the San Francisco Symphony, Watch/Hear Lang Lang's Last Night of the Proms performance all over the world!, Backstage with Bianca Jagger, Flashback!, The Flying Machine, starring Lang Lang and Heather Graham, (with almost the entire score performed by Lang Lang!) has been accepted as an Official Selection in the prestigious Toronto International Film Festival (TIFF), where it will have its International premiere on September 11th. Tickets available at: http://tiff.net/abouttiff/gettickets., Tickets have just gone onsale for the 10/25/11 performance at Carnegie Hall with Charles Dutoit and The Philadelphia Orchestra: http://bit.ly/carnegie1025, You could be the 10,000th follower!, "Journeys With My Piano Hero" episode 6, blowing the house down with Christoph Eschenbach and the Chicago Symphony Orchestra: http://bit.ly/Journeys6, You can still vote for Gramophone Artist of the Year! Thanks everyone :), Liszt: My Piano Hero is #1 in Classical on iTunes in Italy and Holland!, Help UNICEF save lives in the Horn of Africa, Salzburger Festspiele | Salzburg Festival with the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra

Submitted by Margret Richter-Oentrich, Liszt Cake :), Preview of a fun new documentary for French TV, "88 Touches", Exciting new partnership between the New York Philharmonic and Shanghai Symphony Orchestra... many amazing opportunities ahead!, New webisode playing with world champion figure skaters in Shanghai! http://bit.ly/MyPianoHero5, What's your favorite Liszt piece??, Listen to my new album! http://www.langlang.com/lisztmypianohero/, New 'Journeys With My Piano Hero' webisode from Vienna! Watch: http://bit.ly/Journeys4, From London... thanks to Margret for posting, Journeys with My Piano Hero webisode diary part 3 (featuring Herbie Hancock)!, Nominated again for Gramophone Artist of the Year! Such an honor!!, Selling a limited amount of ONSTAGE seats for the May 12th recital at the amazing Civic Opera House (home of the Lyric Opera of Chicago) in Chicago! Tickets onsale Monday at http://bit.ly/LLchicago, Giving a master class at the Sydney Opera House, Journeys With My Piano Hero, a diary to Franz - Webisode #2!, Great photos from last night!, Performing tonight at the iTunes Festival at 9pm UK/1pm PST... watch live!, Diary to Franz... part 1, To celebrate Liszt’s bicentenary, Lang Lang has selected some of the most famous, virtuosic and poetic solo pieces ever written for the piano, concluding with a stunning new recording of the Piano Concerto No. 1 – accompanied by the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra and Valery Gergiev., Great footage behind the scenes at last week's performances at the Hollywood Bowl with Gustavo Dudamel, With the Munich Philharmonic (Münchner Philharmoniker) at Klassik am Odeonsplatz

Submitted by Stefanie Volker, Just finished two concerts with Gustavo Dudamel at the Hollywood Bowl. This is my first collaboration with him, very exciting! Weather for both evenings was nice, with tens of thousands of people there. When talking with Gustavo, we shared a common goal: to bring classical music to more people. I see a new start from the two concerts., FREE DOWNLOAD: performing Liszt's Consolation No. 3 in D-Flat Major, included in SPIN Sampler of iTunes Festival artists, available now on iTunes. Also includes Paul McCartney, 2Cellos (Sulic & Hauser), Moby, and more!, Great time in Chicago last weekend!, I was in Inner Mongolia's Grasslands a few days ago. Takes your breath away the air was sooooo fresh!, Niagara Falls. What an amazing place! Feels like a dream., Lang Lang & Friends performance in Chicago. Watch it live now!!, At the Ravinia Festival

Submitted by Lily Zhang, Rachmaninoff PC No.2 beginning of the final movement, Back at Lincoln Center... sort of!, "Rock star" interview with BBC World News :), Second movement, Playing Rachmaninoff Piano Concerto no. 2 with the Sydney Symphony at the Sydney Opera House 6/11, Pianomania is playing in Chicago, Boston, Seattle, San Francisco and Washington, D.C. over the summer!, More great pictures from the masterclass at the Sydney Opera House, With posters in subway stations, on taxis and bus stops in New York, UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador Lang Lang is using his star power to help raise awareness in connection with a global meeting at the United Nations on the urgency to do more in addressing the devastating impact of HIV and AIDS – especially on the world’s most vulnerable children., This is a global problem that needs a global response. Visit UNICEF http://unicef.org/., Lang Lang Master Class

SSO - Lang Lang master class at the Sydney Opera House, June 9, 2011 © Tito Media, null, Amazing birthday in Sydney!, Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!, Sydney boat trip:), Who wants to watch a LIVE STREAM of the concert from the Sydney Opera House with the Sydney Symphony tomorrow?! Streaming live via BigPond Music, tomorrow June 11 8PM (AEST) / 10AM (GMT) at http://bigpondmusic.com/sydneysymphony, Hugs from Australia:)), Behind the scenes of the Gramophone cover shoot for the BBC Proms issue!, Amazing concerts in Vienna with the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra. Now to Sydney!, Art on Ice! Should be a lot of fun..., 20,000 fans! Thanks everyone! :), me and Lionel Messi!, Interview today in The New Statesman discussing education, China, and "the Lang Lang effect", Amazing performance in Milan with Herbie Hancock!, "Superb." -The Guardian, The Guardian and the Telegraph photograph the 100 young pianists at Massed Piano Day in London!, null, 50 Steinway Grand Pianos at Royal Festival Hall

Submitted by Wisdom Hill, The London Evening Standard, Gearing up for Sunday!, Excited to be playing the iTunes Festival in London in July! You can apply for free tickets here: http://www.itunesfestival.com/gb/lineup , Young Pianists Week starts today at SOUTHBANK CENTRE!, Interviewed by The Sydney Morning Herald - smh.com.au while watching the royal wedding :), Receiving the honorary diploma yesterday from His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales at The Royal College of Music!, Just received an Honorary Doctorate of Music from His Royal Highness The Prince of Wales - such an honor, Great interview in The Telegraph, The Smule Magic Piano is now on the iPHONE too!, North European tour: nice wether... Sweden, Norway, Denmark :))), Take a look at the other amazing videos on Yo-Yo Ma's Youtube channel for the people of Japan.

 "Created to provide a dedicated global space for cultural response to the earthquake, tsunami and resulting nuclear crisis in Japan. Our hope is that people in Japan might take comfort in knowing the world is with them as they endure unimaginable hardship.", A special performance of Liszt’s Liebeslied S 566 (Schumann:Widmung) for Yo-Yo Ma's new "For the People of Japan" YouTube channel devoted to cultural response to the devastating events in Japan, From yesterday's meet and greet at Corriere della Sera, La Scala in Milan, Italy

Submitted by Yoshio Sakashita, Congratulations, Adam! So excited to play with you and the 99 other young pianists in Royal Festival Hall at the SOUTHBANK CENTRE on the 22nd!, Watched the Royal Wedding of Prince William and Kate Middleton on TV Friday, so happy for this new couple and deeply moved by the happiness and romance. Sincerely wish all the couples are happy and sweet., If you're in Milan on Monday, head over to the Teatro alla Scala Shop and say hi! Details: http://www.lascalaunder30.org/in-bacheca/lang_lang_incontra_pubblico_alla_scala_shop.html, Flying to Milan tomorrow! 3 performances ahead at the amazing Teatro alla Scala!!, Greetings from Berlin! (taken on the 20th, thanks Margret for posting), "How physically fit are you?" and 20 other interesting questions answered by Lang Lang in last weekend's Financial Times, Check out the new wall of fans profile picture! Can you find yourself??, "The Horse Race" with Guo Gan at Cité de la musique in Paris on medici.tv, Of the 80 children in the audience, 80% had never been to a classical music concert, Performing Gershwin at the Cité de la musique in Paris via medici.tv!, So excited to be playing the final concert of this year's BBC Proms... "The biggest musical party of the year!", If you want to be included in the Lang Lang Wall of Fans but didn't get a chance to send in a picture on the app before, you can now e-mail a picture of yourself to langlangwall@gmail.com! Last chance! :), Treble clef pretzel in Munich! So excited to be playing outside in the Odeonsplatz this summer, Performing Schumann for medici.tv at the Cité de la musique in Paris..., Want Lang Lang to answer your question in print?? He'll be answering questions in the The Times and The Sunday Times. You can submit a question to langlang@thetimes.co.uk by April 11, and the best questions will be answered in early May!, Performing Debussy at the Cité de la musique for medici.tv..., Concert with Herbie Hancock at La Salle Pleyel in PARIS

Submitted by Belle Chang, Performing on Le Grand Journal!, Miss the webcast? Now you can watch the WHOLE CONCERT on medici.tv for free!, The LIVE CONCERT WEBCAST from Paris on medici.tv starts in 10 minutes! Who's watching?!, Don't forget the webcast is tomorrow at 5:50am (PST), 8:50am (EST), 12:50pm (GMT)! Playing:
Chopin - Grand Valse Brillante No. 2 in A-Flat Major, Op. 34 No. 1
Lv Wencheng  - Autumn Moon on a Calm Lake
Liszt - Liebestraum, S. 541 No. 3
Debussy - La Fille aux Cheveux de Lin
Rachmaninoff - Prelude in D major
Chopin - Etude Op. 10 No. 5 (Black Key)
Bach - Goldberg Variations (Theme Only)
Gershwin - Preludes, It's the last week to submit your picture to the Lang Lang Wall of Fans by clicking the "Wall of Fans" tab to the left… we want to see all of you! If you have any questions about it, happy to answer them here!, Lang Lang's concert from Paris this Wednesday will be webcast live by medici.tv... see below for details and spread the word!, Who wants to see a LIVE BROADCAST of the March 30th concert playing Liszt, Chopin, Wencheng, Debussy, Rachmaninov, Bach, and Gershwin at the Cité de la musique in Paris?, Did you know that you're automatically entered to win a signed CD just by being a part of the Wall of Fans? Be a part of it here http://on.fb.me/WallOfFans if you haven't already!, March 22nd is World Water Day because one in eight people worldwide, 884 million, don't have access to safe drinking water, The WALL OF FANS is now accepting submissions! Just click on the "Photo Contest" tab on this page and follow the steps... we want to see all of you!!!, Announcing the LANG LANG WALL OF FANS  郎朗粉丝照片墙公告, Congrats to all the young pianists selected to join and play at Royal Festival Hall at SOUTHBANK CENTRE in London!, 7,000 followers on Twitter WOW! Thanks everyone for the support and if you aren't already following go ahead at @lang_lang for even more updates than Facebook!, I'm so sad to hear about the Tsunami and terrible earthquake in Sendai. I went to perform there when I was 13-year-old, it was a very bearutiful city. Hope people will stay strong to face the natural disaster together, we are with you!, A custom jersey from FC Barcelona!! This is super cool!, Just presented the 2011 Montblanc de la Culture Patronage Award to Her Majesty the Queen Sofia at the Palacio de la Zarzuela in Madrid!, UNICEF has just relaunched its Voices of Youth website.. check it out! Very cool., Playing Gran Turismo 5 - GT5 at Game Stop in Milan, Italy

Submitted by Lorenzo Galati, Just attended the Vienna Opera Ball, waltz, tango...so much fun!, Lang Lang Festival in Milan begins on Monday!, Just landed in Spain from Asia:) Going to stay in Europe for 3 months. Looking forward to the Spring tour and hope to have fun with everyone together!, New interview from Carnegie Hall on The Story with Dick Gordon talking about the sounds of New York, the language of music, and Brahms A Major intermezzo (interview begins in podcast at minute 39), Have suggestions for new tour dates?? Listening!, Updated 2011 tour dates in the Events section of this page, hope to see everyone soon!, New Years Eve Concert with the New York Philharmonic  playing Tchaikovsky PC #1 now available on InstantEncore.com, Calling all young pianists in the UK -- join onstage at SOUTHBANK CENTRE!, Making "The Flying Machine" with BreakThru Films, Received many Valentine's day gift at the Suntory Hall from fans, flowers and chocolate. Happy V-day to all, greetings from Tokyo:), Düsseldorf, Germany

Submitted by Margret Richter-Oentrich, From tokyo s park:), The Flying Machine premieres in London's SOUTHBANK CENTRE this weekend!, Lang Lang picking his favorite music, film, television, opera, visual arts, and books in The Independent, Return of "The Lang Lang Effect"!, Happy Chinese New Year to everyone! Year of the rabbit!!, From the New Years Eve concert with Alan Gilbert and the amazing New York Philharmonic at Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts in NYC, Amazing picture from 101 pianists event in San Francisco on Jan 17, Due to a stomach virus, Lang Lang deeply regrets that he will be unable to perform the concert this weekend with the Buffalo Philharmonic Orchestra. He is resting and being provided with medication as to his doctor's recommendation. We have rescheduled the date for this July and all tickets will be honored for that performance., More Justin Bieber comparisons? From Columbus Alive..., ABC News video of the 100 young pianists performance in San Francisco, The White House responds to the song choices:, Discussing the song choice at The White House on NPR, The music I played at the White House, Fox News: "Is it safe to say that you're the Justin Bieber of Beethoven?" IS IT?!, Fox News suggests putting a tip jar on the piano at The White House!, Video of The White House State Dinner performance with Herbie Hancock Official Artist Page, Guess where Lang Lang was performing last night..., Welcome to Facebook, UNICEFChinese! You can now follow all of UNICEF's work in Chinese. For all their language channels, click below.., Playing with 100 young pianists at the foundation's event in San Francisco last night, "Simply astonishing. Superstar pianist Lang Lang delivered on his global fame and more in his performance Wednesday night..." -San Antonio Express-News , San Diego gogogo!, 101 Pianists at Schubert March Militaire in San Francisco, California

Submitted by Cassandra Chung, Press conference at a Charity Show in Taipei

Submitted by Claudia Wu, Excited for this weekend's performances with the San Diego Symphony!, Mozart duet!, A very special encore in Tucson on Monday, Last night, Lang Lang played a concert with the Tucson Symphony Orchestra. After playing the Rachmaninoff Piano Concerto No. 2, he played a special, very emotional encore, the Rachmaninoff Prelude in D major, dedicated to the victims of the Tucson shooting this past Saturday, and to the city of Tucson. Video to be uploaded shortly., Just finished the TimesTalks interview with James Barron. Who watched the Livestream?, Join us for a live webcast of Lang Lang's TimesTalks interview on The New York Times  Livestream! This Sunday the 9th, 2pm EST., Happy new year! Who watched the concert on PBS??, A quick reminder to tune into PBS tonight for Live at Lincoln Center with the New York Philharmonic!, practicing backstage at lincoln center, A bilingual greeting from the Tang Dynasty park!, Guess who's playing this year's New Years Eve concert with the New York Philharmonic live from Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts on PBS..., Being interviewed for The New York Times Arts & Leisure Weekend by James Barron! If you're in NY on 1/9 you can get $5 off tickets with discount code NYTLL., If you're in the UK, don't miss the special preview screening of The Flying Machine 3D at Royal Festival Hall, Steinway piano with signature in Xi'an, Trying out Gran Turismo 5 - GT5 in Seoul Korea, whatsonxiamen.com, Classical music + Pop art at the National Museum of Contemporary Art, Korea, Included in this year's WHO'S WHO list with Danny Boyle and Simon Cowell!, You can now pre-order the Gran Turismo 5 - GT5 soundtrack on Amazon.com... perfect holiday present?, so happy to be back here in seoul after 2 years. So excited to the concert tomorrow night:-) thanks to everyone here!, Who thinks we should make some more episodes of The Lang Lang Effect?, Seoul Korea on Saturday!, Amazing new way to help end hunger from the United Nations World Food Programme: with the new Freerice quiz game, for each answer you get right, they donate 10 grains of rice to help end hunger. Try it out!, Performing for the opening movie in Gran Turismo 5 - GT5!, Watch the documentary on Lang Lang's "1000 fingers" piano workshop at the Berliner Philharmoniker., Are you following? http://twitter.com/lang_lang, New video from concert for the ASIAN GAMES!, The ASIAN GAMES opening ceremony performance. Cool, huh?, A few more pictures from the ASIAN GAMES opening ceremonies. What an incredible experience, Walt Disney Concert Hall with an aspiring pianist

Submitted by Carlos Miguel, Who wants this piano?, Performing with Zhang Ziyi at the opening ceremony of the ASIAN GAMES!, Watch Lang Lang discussing the challenges and beauty of the Appassionata  with Howard Goodall on Sky Arts - music, film, theatre, books, dance..., "A Sony Christmas Carol" with Lang Lang featured in this Sony UK commercial, "A Sony Christmas Carol" now available for download in UK Amazon & iTunes, Making A Sony Christmas Carol with composer Ilan Eshkeri, Who wants to hear this?, We live in the world of images, today The Metropolitan Opera , Covent Garden or La Scala (Opera House) project their production in High Definition and live. These are new ways of democratising classical music. It is not a question of devaluing concerts, but of reaching more people with the same level of seriousness as always. I cannot object to the fact that a youngster can now travel virtually from their home to the Royal Albert Hall..., OMG! Aegon's billboard at Beijing Main subway!, Sneak preview of the amazing photo shoot with Montblanc in Hamburg, Choosing desert island discs on BBC Radio 4 this sunday!, Announcing the first ever Canton Asian Music Festival, cheering on the ASIAN GAMES... excited to be a part!, Giving a piano lesson in Rome! thanks to velia for posting, Wow...., Walking inside of the Vatican Musuem... Amazing art experience!, Announcing Lang Lang's new profile in iTunes Ping. Become a follower for exclusive content in the iTunes store!, Thrilled to be playing at the incredible Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia all weekend.. who has been there?, Our planet is sending us a message... are you listening? Let's work in concert to save the earth... (from WildAid), Prime minister s house in Paris...:), So excited to play beethoven, Prokofiev, and Isaac Albéniz at the amazing Teatro del Maggio Musicale Fiorentino tonight!, echo award!, Lang Lang's all-time top 3 recordings... can you guess them?, null, null, null, Who wants a Lang Lang artist page on iTunes Ping?, opened the beijing music festival with the china philharmonic orchestra and howard shore conducting!, Leading a masterclass at Manhattan School of Music in New York City in September... (thanks to Brian Hatton Photography for the beautiful pictures), Who has been to Taiwan? what to do in Taipei before the concert tomorrow?, Loved last night performing with conductor Lan Shui and the Singapore Symphony Orchestra (thanks to Qiang Fu for posting the picture!), so excited to play beethoven with the Singapore Symphony Orchestra tonight!, "There were, of course, beautiful elements to his playing: rippling scales, melodic lines that breathed and soared, inner voices that came through with uncanny independence. In the long first-movement cadenza, he cut loose. Here was Lang Lang the liberated virtuoso at his most rhapsodic." 
- The New York Times @ the Carnegie Hall opening night gala with the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra, We are back to China for the world expo and the National Holiday:)  my Asia tour going to start today!, what an amazing time at the carnegie hall opening night gala with the vienna philharmonic, Backstage before the show in 30, thanks to carnegie hall for the gift!, Rehearsing at Carnegie Hall with the Vienna Philharmonic! Amazing!, I'm excited to be back in New York doing some radio interviews and getting ready for the big show at Carnegie Hall tomorrow!, NYC!, Surprise last minute tsoundcheck tickets available the concert TONIGHT with Toronto Symphony Orchestra! 
$30 in the choir loft., Hey Toronto! This Monday the 27th at 1:30pm Lang Lang will be at Grigorian at 70 Yorkville Ave to sign autographs and mingle with the crowd. Details at http://bit.ly/belcAy. Who can come??, Happy Mid-Autumn Moon Festival everyone! Hope you all enjoy the moon cakes and time with family! Anyone doing anything extra special??, News Update: 

Lang Lang's first Sony album storms the pop & classical charts. Live in Vienna has reached top chart positions in all major countries around the world. The album went straight to #1 in the German classical charts & reached top positions in the US, French & UK classical charts. The album also entered at the highest ever position in the pop charts in Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Italy, Spain & France., When you’re a little kid, you want to be famous. But once you get fame, the more important thing is how you take the responsibility and help others achieve their dreams, especially those who live in poor neighbourhoods, who have a similar background as myself., Leaders are at the United Nations this week to accelerate action to end poverty. Do your part., Won a Goldene Henne award in Berlin! Here a bunch of photos from the amazing time there. Which is your favorite????, Mentioned in this interesting article in the The New York Times. What do you think?, "It's become rather fashionable to sniff at the achievements of Lang Lang, but he is the most communicative pianist of his generation, with a huge following in the east, and for any open-minded listener there is seriously good piano playing in this fine recital from Vienna. He is intense and focused in the "Appassionata", sharp and lively in Beethoven's early C major sonata. His Albéniz is thrillingly colourful, his Prokofiev vivid and pungent. Then he relaxes into his Chopin encores; perhaps he is indulgent, but the technical command is peerless and the emotional warmth envelops us. He is surely the Horowitz of our generation." - The Guardian, Millions worldwide are standing up and taking action against poverty. Are you? Help UNICEF at http://bit.ly/UNICEF_mdg, From Gramophone: Live in Vienna is "a strong rebuttal to those who think Lang Lang is all style and no substance.", Great new photos from performing in Torino last night! 

(thanks to MITO SETTEMBREMUSICA for posting these), The new documentary film Pianomania featuring Lang Lang is released in Germany tomorrow, who can go see it?!, I'm in Torino Stadium. Tonight I will play Tchaik. 1st. Amazing space:), What does Tom And Jerry have to do with Frédéric Chopin? Watch this Sky News video!, I'm preparing for my 1st new season concert in EU now(Milan)..happy to start the action... :), Program poster from Teatro di San Carlo in Naples, Italy. 

Photo by Aldo Ianotti, Watch a new exciting interview with BBC World News, And some amazing 3D news! http://bit.ly/langlang3D, More pictures from Sony IFA! , 10,000!!! Wow!, From Engadget at the SonyIFA: "Lang Lang just ripped the piano to shreds, and gets the biggest applause of the afternoon.", Performing at the Sony IFA while being filmed and simultaneously projected in 3D! So cool!, Have you voted for Lang Lang yet for Gramophone Artist of the Year? Today's the LAST DAY to vote: http://bit.ly/vote4langlang

P.S. Who can come up with a good caption for this picture???, Video of Lang Lang's performance the 'UN Day Concert: A Tribute to Peacekeeping' is now streaming at the Link TV website. (It also features incredible performances by Emmanuel Jal, Harry Belafonte, Angélique Kidjo, Los Aterciopelados, and more!), An incredible list to be a part of..., Almost at 10,000 fans, do you think we can get there today? Suggest this page to fans if you want to help!, Playing a hometown concert in Shenyang on Sunday!!!

Here are some pictures from the arrival back home today! (from People's Daily Online http://bit.ly/dBHQ45), Last week to vote for Lang Lang for Gramophone Artist of the Year - vote here! http://bit.ly/vote4langlang, “When I perform, I simply follow the music, and my heart; everything comes from me in a very natural way – it’s not a show; and I believe in this way, it also touches the hearts of those in the audience.” – Lang Lang

Read the new interview with Classical Archives: http://bit.ly/cTkjR3, Live in Vienna is out today! Which format do you want it in??
A) Jewel Case CD 
B) DVD
C) Deluxe Special Edition
D) Blu Ray
E) Vinyl
F) ALL OF THE ABOVE!, Whoa! Barnes & Noble is offering 45% off 'Live in Vienna' (finally released today!) as a Deal of the Day, Who's excited for Live in Vienna coming out TOMORROW!!!, Today's the last day to preview Lang Lang: Live in Vienna at http://bit.ly/LangLangPreview, Another example of something you could do for the YouTube contest at http://youtube.com/langlang -- Flight of the Bumblebee on an iPad!, Thanks to The Independent for the kind words about Live in Vienna!, YouTube Contest! "Show Lang Lang Your Most Creative Musical Performance"

Lang Lang loves playing music in creative ways, and now he wants to see what you can do. To celebrate the release of 'Live in Vienna', Lang Lang is accepting submissions for your most creative way of playing a musical instrument. Enter on his YouTube page:, If you're enjoying Live in Vienna at the Listening Party, you can pre-order it from Barnes & Noble and save 25%! http://bit.ly/ViennaPresale, Ok, the Live in Vienna Listening Party page will stay up all week! Enjoy! http://bit.ly/LangLangPreview, Should we leave the Listening Party page up all week? Who wants to keep listening??? http://bit.ly/LangLangPreview, "Lang Lang: The piano phenomenon taking music to new heights" in The Daily Mail! Read it here http://bit.ly/dkDnoW

And who knew it was possible to play piano while flying?!, 6 million children affected by the floods in Pakistan - Help UNICEF help these children - Please visit http://www.unicef.org/ to learn how, Thanks to everyone who has visited the listening party. Let's keep it going all night!! http://bit.ly/LangLangPreview, Online listening party for Live in Vienna starts NOW! Join here http://bit.ly/LangLangPreview or click the "LiveInVienna" tab!, Who likes the new profile picture?? And thanks to everyone who voted (this picture won!), Live in Vienna online listening party begins at noon! Check back here for the link!, Who wants to have an online listening party of Live in Vienna on Monday??, The Guardian : Do you think 3D TV will be obsolete in 10 years' time?
Lang Lang: Maybe we'll have 4D TV by then?

Read Lang Lang's full interview with The Guardian about technology! http://bit.ly/9D1RaT, null, null, null, null, Live in Vienna comes out two weeks from today WHO'S EXCITED!!?, "Breaking News: Lang Lang Will Stick With Piano"!!! Funny The Huffington Post article about the new version of the Magic Piano App!, Another birthday video from June! A surprise while onstage!!!! (thanks to Sakula for posting!), From Classic FM: "A toughie on the Daily Quiz for a copy of the new Lang Lang CD: What is the name of Lang Lang's autobiography?"

Who knows it?!!! Answer here to win: http://bit.ly/cMu8UU, You can still vote for Lang Lang for Gramophone Artist of the Year! Just go to http://bit.ly/vote4langlang., Greetings to everyone on Facebook from ringing the opening bell at NASDAQ OMX back on July 2nd!, Who watched the performance at the The White House honoring Paul McCartney?? If you missed it, the whole broadcast is now online from PBS! Watch it here: http://bit.ly/LLwhitehouse, Speaking of Live in Vienna, Barnes & Noble is now offering 15% off if you pre-order here: http://bit.ly/ViennaPresale, New video preview of Live in Vienna! What do you think??, Teaching the Foundation students (in rehearsal) in Essen, Germany! From 6/13/10, Performance at The White House for Paul McCartney airing tonight at 8pm ET on PBS!

Lang Lang performs along with Jonas Brothers, Elvis Costello, Stevie Wonder, Faith Hill, and more!, Last day to pre-order Live in Vienna at Amazon.com and save $2 with special discount code VIENNA10 here http://amzn.to/LLvienna, Nominated for Gramophone Artist of the Year!!! You can vote here: http://bit.ly/vote4langlang, You could be the 3,000th follower on Twitter!, Birthday dance!! (from June birthday this year), Which piece on Live in Vienna are you most excited to hear?? Track list: http://amzn.to/LLvienna, Lang Lang in the new film Pianomania! Check out the trailer!, Help me get to 9000 facebook fans by the end of the day! Exciting!!, Lang Lang playing the Opening Night Gala at Carnegie Hall in September with the amazing Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra! Tickets on sale now at http://bit.ly/LLcarnegie., null, Lang Lang meets contest winners and performs for tens of thousands of New Yorkers!  A standing ovation for Lang Lang's Rhapsody in Blue performance with the Shanghai Symphony Orchestra and then the winning Encore, a Traditional Chinese Song was played!  What a wonderful evening!, Standing ovation for Lang Lang!, Meeting the Facebook contest winners!, Fans already arriving!, Lang Lang fans and contest winners will be posting and tweeting throughout the event in Central Park today - keep posted for real-time updates starting at 6pm Eastern Standard Time!, Enjoy the concert in Central Park tomorrow with fellow classical music lovers! Be part of Carnegie Hall's Tweet-Up! RSVP: http://ow.ly/28Vti, Watch Street Smarts Bloomberg Television TODAY at 4:44PM Eastern Standard Time for a live interview with Lang Lang!  WATCH ONLINE: http://bit.ly/9w1UNn, VIP Package winners: These people win VIP Blanket tickets and get to meet Lang Lang before the concert!  Congrats: Henry Yim, Marya Net, and Julia Christine Tolentino!! (and check for FB friend requests/inbox), Lang Lang contest winners for Central Park: CD Winners: Will Block from FB and @jadeyyychen on Twitter - check out Jade's Winning Photo!! So funny and cool!, Vote on the Encore for tomorrow's concert in Central Park with the New York Philharmonic  -voting is anonymous and will continue until right before the encore is played! http://bit.ly/encorevote, One hour left - Still time to enter to win blanket seats, cds and a chance to meet Lang Lang TOMORROW NIGHT! This could be you!
http://bit.ly/pickme4nyc, SPAIN!!!, View real-time voting stats for the Encore in Central Park: http://bit.ly/8Yz6g9, AND you can win a chance to meet Lang Lang on July 13th by going here! http://bit.ly/pickme4nyc or by tagging #langlangpickme4nyc on your posts! (if you can't make it, you can still win an autographed CD), Vote on Lang Lang's Encore for July 13th Text FOLK (Traditional Chinese Song) or KEY (Chopin "Black Keys") to 839863 (US ONLY) or VOTE ONLINE WORLDWIDE: http://bit.ly/encorevote, Watch the Official Versace Men's Fashion Show in Milan...and maybe get a glimpse of Lang Lang in the front row!  Send in the time if you think you spot him! http://www.facebook.com/?ref=logo#!/video/video.php?v=430513366736&ref=mf, Watch Lang Lang talk about the July 13th concert in Central Park on NY1....and play a duet on The iPad! Watch NY1 TODAY at 10:20am, 2:50pm, 6:20pm, 9:50pm or online NOW: http://bit.ly/llny1, Just for Lang Lang's Social Media fans and friends - Win a pair of VIP front lawn access and meet Lang Lang before the July 13th concert in Central Park with the New York Philharmonic. Even if you are not in NYC, you can still win an autographed CD! http://bit.ly/pickme4nyc, So exciting!  July 13th 8pm in Central Park - a great moment in classical music - the New York Philharmonic and the Shanghai Symphony Orchestra feat. Lang Lang share the same stage for one night only.  Celebrate New York City and the Shanghai World Expo 2010!, Seen pictures of Lang Lang in NYC?  Posters, even buses!  Post your photos on the wall!, Video from NBC New York NY Nightly News, talking about the July 13th free concert in Central Park with New York Philharmonic, Shanghai Symphony Orchestra......and playing piano with the iPad :)  VIDEO: http://bit.ly/cCF2Q1, Talking Washington, DC, the 4th, family and World Cup on ESPN VIDEO: http://bit.ly/cnrz5C, Are you going to be at the West Lawn tomorrow for A Capital Fourth on PBS or will you be watching at home?   
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3wt7kfaHUxc, Poster for the 4th of July Capitol Fourth!, Having too much fun!!! Ringing the Opening Bell at the NASDAQ OMX as an Ambassador of the EXPO 2010 SHANGHAI CHINA  and to announce the July 13th Concert in Central Park with the New York Philharmonic and the Shanghai Symphony Orchestra

© 2010, The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc., © 2010, The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc., WNYC Radio writes: On
Soundcheck yesterday, Chinese concert pianist Lang Lang played "Flight
of the Bumblebee" on his iPad. Said host John Schaefer, "That is one of
the strangest things I've ever seen." VIDEO: http://bit.ly/cC6giC, Who will be in DC on the 4th of July? Come watch Lang Lang play "Stars and Stripes Forever" for A Capitol Fourth with Jimmy Smits, National Symphony Orchestra, Reba McEntire : You can also watch LIVE on the 4th on PBS from 8-9:30pm VIDEO: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3wt7kfaHUxc, Almost on the air - link to the live streaming broadcast WNYC Radio http://bit.ly/9yjqQa - show is on now, playing towards the end..., Listen to Lang Lang LIVE in NYC on WNYC Radio Soundcheck program - 2PM EST - Playing piano and The iPad! Listen Live  2pm EST: http://bit.ly/9yjqQa, Working with SONY making the first 3D video ever created by a classical music artist!!  Cameras everywhere!, From the weekend: This World Cup is so strange: France and Italy are both out. Slovakia is in...I'm happy that Spain made it tonight and the Americans did a good job. Sad for the Swiss team as I just arrived there. Everyone is a bit down here in the street:-(, Lang Lang at Milan Fashion week: BLOG: http://bit.ly/amqXEr, Working on a 3D video with SONY for the new album, the video will be the first classical music 3D video ever recorded! *grinning from ear to ear*, EuroArts Music 3D Performance

Submitted by Ma Aini, Back to Berlin to work with SONY and then it's time for the Swiss Tour!!!  Who will be there?  Recommendations for places to visit in Bern?, Just for fun...http://bit.ly/cqcVZq, From Twitter @eveecooper is having a hard time studying John Cage's  Sonatas & Interludes and asked for help.  Cage said "if you enjoy playing the Sonatas & Interludes then do it so that it seems right 2 you"  Do you have suggestions for Eve?  Post here or Tweet @eveecooper  Love helping young people learn! :), Zaragoza........anyone see the recital?, It's Music Tuesday on YouTube, watch this duet with Daniel Barenboim just added by a fan... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RASW1TZULHM, Playing "Celebration" at The White House - watch the entire show on PBS July 28th VIDEO: http://bit.ly/celebrationvid, Lots of birthdays this week - Happy Birthday Sir Paul McCartney! And another Happy Birthday to Robert McDuffie! Watch the video of Hey Jude again: http://bit.ly/aXaCuD, With Jonas Brothers at The White House, null, Hallo Berlin. :), So many birthday wishes!!!! My god son:))))))))))))))) the cutest!  
Had to share!, Take a look at BreakThru Films album from "The Flying Machine" film with Heather Graham - new photos added:  http://bit.ly/a0AO7v, is 28. :)  Today, Lang Lang's Facebook Fan Page shows posts from Lang Lang and from fans, stop by and leave your birthday wishes!! Comments, photo and video welcome!, Birthday dance. Essen, Germany.

Submitted by さくら こ, Flowers in Essen, Germany

Submitted by さくら こ, One of my Twitter followers posted this video - the Lang Lang Effect starts early! :) http://bit.ly/langlangbabydance, This sea separates Europe and Asia. The terrace side is the EU side,
and across the sea, you see the Asia side.  It's so amazing that it's
such a short distance!, Isantbul.... On the terrace at my hotel with views of Aya Sofia, Lang Lang takes the stage in Istanbul, Turkey with the Borusan İstanbul Filarmoni Orkestrası for the IKSV - İstanbul Kültür Sanat Vakfı International Music Festival. View Programme: http://bit.ly/c5rspJ, What song did Lang Lang play at the Gershwin Prize gala?  "Celebration," a classical choral piece written by Sir Paul McCartney .  VIDEO: of "Celebration" performed by London Symphony Orchestra: http://bit.ly/a6UoAy, Did you know that Lang Lang contributed music for SHANGHAI, a new film premiering in China this week starring JOHN CUSACK, Gong Li and Chow Yun-Fat?  What do you think after watching the trailer? http://bit.ly/d31mrO, Everyone loves Hey Jude - Watch Lang Lang sing along with President Barack Obama, Sir Paul McCartney, Jonas Brothers, Stevie Wonder and more at The White House celebration for Sir Paul McCartney's Gershwin Prize: http://bit.ly/heyjudell, Singing the "Hey Jude" with President Obama and Paul McCartney on a party in the White House, too much fun:), Jonas Brother http://bit.ly/b0qLCx, With Sir Paul McCartney in the White House, 7:50 PM EST (NOW!) Watch the The White House  ***LIVE*** stream of the Paul McCartney Gershwin Prize performances: http://bit.ly/llwhlive, Tonight's celebration, hosted at The White House by President Barack Obama and Michelle Obama includes performances by Lang Lang,  Herbie Hancock, Stevie Wonder, Paul Simon, Emmylou Harris, the Jonas Brothers among others and of course Sir Paul McCartney! What a line-up!, At the White House :) preparing the show tonight for President Obama honoring Sir Paul McCartney.  BLOG: http://bit.ly/langlangwhitehouse, Have you clicked on the "Lang Lang + Others" Tab?  Fans have posted video and photos from recent performances all over the world!! :) Keep sharing your experiences!, Big thanks to Royal College of Music ( Rcm Latest) for posting video from May's Masterclass! VIDEO: http://bit.ly/rcmvideo, 1,000 finger event at Berliner Philharmoniker with 100 kids playing together:) so much fun! http://bit.ly/1Kfingers, Berliner Philharmoniker, backstage

Submitted by Elisa Grazzi, How iPad is changing art and music - article featuring Lang Lang's Bumblee Bee Video: http://bit.ly/artipad, The 3D movie (The Flying Machine) with Chopin's music by BreakThru Films for THE CHOPIN YEAR 2010 CELEBRATIONS is going to be so exciting. Picture taken shooting in Poland with Heather Graham :) The Movie will be release in Dec 2010.. Love 3D ;) http://bit.ly/fbflyingmachine, looking forward to Berliner Philharmoniker on Sunday!, Take an inside look at Projekt Chopin & Breakthru Film's "The Flying Machine" - a 3D film and fantasy documentary. Lang Lang will play one of the four principle roles in the film! VIDEO: http://bit.ly/chopinvideo, By fan request - Encores from Royal Albert Hall : Chopin Etude Version:Op 10 No 3., Op 10 No.5., and Op 25 No.1   VIDEO of Op 10 No 3 performed at Berliner Philharmoniker http://bit.ly/ah3lrf, Getting ready for the concert, someone took a pic!  Fan post from Twitter - @AbiPlayer: @lang_lang practising for tonights performance @RoyalAlbertHall http://bit.ly/ccPGZQ, Who's going to Royal Albert Hall tonight?, Would you be nervous if you had to play piano for Lang Lang?  Not this kid: VIDEO: http://bit.ly/llfunkids, Meeting the Nodame cast during filming....., W-O-W Lara Ömeroğlu!  Congratulations for winning the BBC Young Musician of the Year Award. Lara also won an earlier competition and will take a masterclass with Lang Lang this Thursday Royal College of Music  http://bit.ly/llmclass, Watch the entire Tokyo TV Nodame Cantabile special on Lang Lang here: http://bit.ly/cWKlxR, Lang Lang plays Beethoven and Mozart for Tokyo morning viewers and talks about working on Nodame Cantabile (Japanese & English) Watch here: http://bit.ly/nodamevid, Photos from Wednesday's concert in Santiago, care of Xacobeo 2010 http://bit.ly/do8xVW, My hotel window's view in Naples, Italy: http://bit.ly/aeU4Fk, Taking a lunch break in Turin, Itayl.  http://bit.ly/9plmg5, Fans in Galacia - where should Lang Lang go in Santiago tomorrow before the concert?, Gracias por el puesto
Xacobeo 2010 !- Lang Lang performs for the first time ever in Galacia tomorrow night.  Tickets still available at the box office! http://bit.ly/llspain, The Elements Charity Concert for UNICEF in Hong Kong, Rehearsing with Andrea Bocelli at the Shanghai World EXPO http://bit.ly/9jnbKR, Performing at the Grand Opening of the Shanghai World EXPO
http://bit.ly/8ZzjN1, Family touring Shanghai EXPO.
http://bit.ly/9Eb7aj, US Tour with SHMF

Submitted by Anya Muminovich, Having lunch together with Yao Ming in Houston. http://bit.ly/9mMxTm, The Shanghai World Expo is opening in 20 days, look forward seeing you there, welcome to Shanghai. Cheers! http://bit.ly/bTtSbD, Taking a break in Canada's highway...We are one hour away to the US border... http://bit.ly/agQxno, I could be a professional photographer in front of amazing cherry blossom:) http://bit.ly/cTJxH2, Photo taken by me, with my dear SONY camera: http://bit.ly/cXR47k, Cherry blossom in DC: http://bit.ly/bgx0yb, Last day in Florida...back to east coast tonight...Happy fool's day everyone!:) http://bit.ly/cGlcM4, Enjoy the sun:) http://bit.ly/bsOIif, Having fun at Downtown Disney in Orlando after my 1st concet ever in Orlando http://bit.ly/9lJCu6, Congrats @Nijntje_Pluis_ of Nagoya Japan 4 winning the HEROIC RT Contest! Fans, U made HEROIC the #1 download on iTunes Classical! AMAZING!, The Concert for Haiti is officially sold out.  Words cannot express how thankful I am to all of my devoted Fans for their constant support of my work and efforts to help the children of the world. YOU made this happen!, 985 Twitter followers.....almost there!, What a beautiful day New York City!  3pm, Apple Store UWS, hear me play HEROIC - map: http://bit.ly/langlangapple, The Apple Store in New York City

Submitted by Irene Chan Yeung, Savannah tonight, Apple Store NYC and Greenvale tomorrow....25 cities in a little over 30 days...so much positive energy last night, I can't wait to perform tonight! See all the dates for my North American Tour: http://bit.ly/llustour, Georgia has been so welcoming, last night's concert in Atlanta was a great success - played Chopin's HEROIC as an encore! What an amazing kick off for my US concert tour., The official word is that iTunes HEROIC is only available for US download right now, which I think we all know by now! :)  The second the international link is ready, it will be added to http://bit.ly/llitunes - SO sorry for the delay!, More Wyclef and Lang Lang perform together on 3.21 - read the article that came out today in PlayBill Arts! http://bit.ly/llwyclef, Trying to get 1,000 Twitter followers by Friday - if you're not already following me, please sign up! http://bit.ly/lltwitpic, If anyone outside of the US has been able to download HEROIC, can you let me know?  Still working on this download issue....and getting ready for my performance in Atlanta!, To fans having trouble with the HEROIC download - new links coming soon. Until then, you can search "Lang Lang" in iTunes or go here to start: http://www.apple.com/choose-your-country/  -Let me know if this helps!, See the World Journal article about Lang Lang's 3.21 Concert (in Chinese): http://bit.ly/ll321art, Twitter contest (sorry doesnt work on FB!) - Retweet @ the HEROIC release on iTunes and be entered to win a copy of Dragon Songs autographed by Lang Lang- winner announced Friday 3.16 - must include @lang_lang and http://bit.ly/llitunes in your tweet!, Today is the day!  Please download HEROIC on iTunes and recommend to your friends and followers! 100% of proceeds benefit UNICEF. http://bit.ly/llitunes, Text HEROIC to 839863 or

Visit http://bit.ly/getheroic 

to download. 

(text works in US only), Twitter users - Retweet the HEROIC iTunes download and be entered to win an signed copy of "Dragon Songs." Winner announced Fri 3/19 http://bit.ly/llitunes, Secret performance annouced! Come to the Apple Store on the Upper West Side this Friday and here me play "HEROIC" live. This will be a very
intimite setting, I hope you can make it! http://bit.ly/llapplestore, Thanks @Yee Lee.Foo 
Classical pianist and UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador Lang Lang speaks about the right children have to play.Lang Lang on a Child's Right to Play http://bit.ly/llplay, 40.77509,-73.982661, Just for Facebook fans, just for fun.... http://bit.ly/llfbgame, Text HEROIC to 839863 or go to http://bit.ly/llitunes. March 16th "HEROIC" will make history as the first song to be offered on iTunes by a classical musician to benefit a cause.  100% of proceeds benefit UNICEF . Please help get the word out there so we can together help to make the world a better place., is Berlin, Altanta, Savannah, Greenvale, New York City: performance, flights, secret appearances and photo shoots all in one week :), More surprises! Wyclef Jean to perform with Lang Lang at the 3.21 benefit concert for Haiti at Carnegie Hall. Tickets WILL sell out: http://bit.ly/langlang321, US Fans - text HEROIC to 839863 to receive a reminder and update about the iTunes HEROIC release!, March 16th revealed - download HEROIC on iTunes - 100% of proceeds to benefit UNICEF and the children of Haiti.  Lang Lang to release Chopin’s Polonaise in A-flat major, Op. 53, “Héroïque." http://bit.ly/llitunes, Berlin with Desiree Weber, Recorded in Davos, Switzerland Jan 29, 2010, Tickets will sell out!  Buy here: http://bit.ly/langlang321, Youtube: Lang Lang talks about how the 3.21 Benefit event at Carnegie Hall for Haiti and UNICEF came about: http://bit.ly/llvid, Read about how UNICEF celebrity ambassadors like Lang Lang and Mia Farrow are helping the children of Haiti: bit.ly/cZwNWh, is flying to Berlin to prepare for this weekend's concerts with Daniel Barenboim and the Staatskapelle Berlin... http://bit.ly/langlangdb, Clue: Before March 21st, comes March 16th and March 19th...., Congratulations Tomomi Sato - @xpiggies_smilex for winning the autographed copy of "The Magic of Lang Lang" and THANK YOU to all the faithful Facebook fans who jumped over to Twitter!, For fans trying to find and purchase the Nodame Cantabile soundtrack: Buy the Japan Gold Disk Award-winning soundtrack Nodame Cantabile from Amazon.com Japan: http://bit.ly/llncbuy, Listen to samples of Lang Lang's recordings for the award-winning Nodame Cantabile.  The site's in Japanese - scroll down to find Disc 2, which is all Lang Lang.  Be patient - takes a little time to load tracks! http://bit.ly/ncsample, Sent in by two fans...Lang Lang's Olympics Piano becomes most expensive piano in history: http://bit.ly/olypiano, Winner announced tomorrow! Win a signed copy of "The Magic of Lang Lang" by following Lang Lang on Twitter: http://bit.ly/lltweet, More London news - Young musicians compete to perform with Lang Lang in May at the Southbank Centre: http://bit.ly/ukkids, Best fans ever!  Twitter is hopping... RT RoyalAlbertHall @lang_lang Hi! We are looking forward to having you at the Hall in May! Join Twitter and be entered to win an autographed Lang Lang CD. http://bit.ly/lltweet, RT @furelise22:  I know you're going to do a great job in Wien today. Through your music  people can live better days...http://bit.ly/llwien, Hey Lang Lang Facebook fans! Lang Lang will give away a signed copy of his album "The Magic of Lang Lang" to a lucky fan that signs up to follow him on Twitter between now and next Friday, March 5. http://bit.ly/lltweet, On the road in Germany 2010., null, Featured in Town & Country Magazine, Lang Lang lands on the San Francisco Society pages: http://bit.ly/langlangtc, My recordings for the Japanese film Nodame Cantabile receives the Japan Golden Disk Award today in Tokyo for Soundtrack of the Year.  I am honored and want to congratulate everyone who worked on this marvelous soundtrack with me., had a wonderful day of performing 2 concerts in Berlin! http://bit.ly/llberlin, So nice to see such an outpouring of support for Haiti and my music!  Help spread the word about 3.21 at Carnegie Hall: http://bit.ly/langlangfb, getting ready for his concert tomorrow in Munich., Read the Bloomberg article about Lang Lang's big move to Sony: http://bit.ly/langlangb, just finished performing in Cologne, Germany., is now on the Sony Masterworks label.  Read the Washington Post Article where Lang Lang talks about moving to Sony Masterworks. http://bit.ly/langlangwp, Lang Lang has a new facebook page address: http://www.facebook.com/LangLangPiano - make sure to update your links!, He was honored the Crystal Award on Jan. 27th and moderated the panel "Enrichments through Music" on Jan. 28th.

Credit: swiss-image.ch 
Copuright: World Economic Forum / swiss-image.ch, Moment of silence for the victims of Haiti; Pray for the people in affected region, National Music Auditorium in Madrid, Spain

Submitted by Miguel Sanchez & Dinora Dinorita, © Dinamo Story, Lang Lang together with President Obama, Press conference at the Grand Hyatt in Taipei, Taiwan

Submitted by さくら こ, TUNE IN! Lang Lang on Public Radio's Performance Today 11/20, null, Do you remember your first experience with classical music?

Tell us here:, null, null, This picture is from the event on October 1 on the Tian An Men Square., Lang Lang and Deutsche Grammophon celebrate 111 years of classical music. Join our celebration by submitting your own classical-music story or photo here:, Watch Lang Lang perform at the Verbier Festival!!!, Off the Beaten Path, Surrounded by Rebels, Lang Lang at the Verbier Festival tonight.
Watch it live at 7 PM CET on www.medici.tv

Enjoy!!!, null, null, null, null, null, Lang Lang at Longman Grottoes of China, August 2008, Lang Lang at Longman Grottoes of China, August 2008, null, DG YELLOW NEWS FLASH: Lang Lang and Gustavo Dudamel in the 'TIME 100', DG STARS SHINE IN YouTube CARNEGIE CONCERT, Lang Lang in The New York Times, People Magazine names Lang Lang one of 2008's Sexiest Men Alive!, Viewpoint: The life-affirming power of human excellence, Piano idol making a stop at Newark’s NJPAC, Xi'an Conservatory of Music master class

Submitted by Michael Lu, Win a pair of Lang Lang Adidas Sneakers!, New CD releases Sept 9, 2008 - Only 4 weeks away!, Beijing 2008 Olympics

Submitted by Gabriela Devita, New York Magazine Profiles Lang Lang, The New Yorker Anticipates Lang Lang at Bejing Olympics, © Felix Broede / DG, Lang Lang to be featured in Time Magazine, Wearing special Lang Lang themed Adidas sneakers

Submitted by Serena Voo, Auditorio Nacional in Madrid, Spain

Submitted by Lydia Galasova, Playing Wii outside of Detroit, Michigan

Submitted by Matt Roth from Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, "Tastenzauber" (magic piano) drawing

Submitted by Anja Pappe, United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan receiving an honor. I was invited to perform for the guests., Graduation from Curtis Institute of Music in 2002, 18th birthday at home in Philadelphia with birthday present, Age 17: Career breakthrough at Ravinia Festival - substituting last minute for André Watts playing the Tchaikovsky Piano Concerto no. 1 with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, First Carnegie Hall recital, null)