List(Brooklyn, your favorite rolls are available once more at Brooklyn Bridge Park. What are you waiting for? Get your Luke's fix now! Find us at the Smokestack Building (11 Water St), null, Excited to be a part of City Kitchen NYC's first birthday celebration this evening. Come by between 5pm and 9pm to join the festivities and get samples of our famous shrimp rolls, and treats from our friends., Did you know that we can trace every lobster, crab and shrimp from the sea to your hand? Thats our promise to you. Ask our team where your seafood is from today. #TastetheSource, Brooklynites get ready, we're reopening our Brooklyn Bridge Park location TOMORROW, 3/31! Once again we'll have our famous lobster, shrimp and crab rolls to keep you fed all season long! This year, we we'll also offer our Tail & Kale salad! Come by and say hi!, Enjoying a roll and the cherry blossoms in DC! Have you had your lobster roll today? #CherryBlossomFestival, Baltimore, mark your calendars, The Emporiyum is back, April 16th - 18! Get tickets (theemporiyum.com/tickets), shop local and shop small!  #TheEmporiyum #The EmporiYUM Baltimore 2016, It takes 5 of these guys to make 1 Luke's Lobster roll. Fact!, Its dark and cold, spring where are you hiding? 
Warm up with our creamy clam chowder!, Lobsta high in protein. Lobsta low in fat. Lobsta roll only 380 calories. That's a whole lotta Lobsta goodness! Stop drooling, get one now. Go., The patio is open, come on by and hang out! Don't forget your cherry ice cream sandwich, available for a limited time to celebrate #cherryblossomfestival, Hey Bostonians, want to work with great people who care about where their seafood comes from, oh, and learn how to make the greatest lobster roll in the world?  Join our crew! We're hiring now: http://bit.ly/1Ml0hJ0, It Cherry Blossom Season which means we've brought back DC's favorite ice-cream sandwich, the Choco-Cherry Blast! Creamy cherry ice-cream between homemade chocolate chip cookies. Get yours today. #CherryBlossomFestival #DC, It's Friday, and the day after Paddy's Day, that calls for lobster, shrimp AND crab! Get your Taste of Maine today!, Even lobsters enjoy St. Patrick's Day!, Happy Pi Day! 3.14 is the sweetest day of the year, get a piece of pie or add a sweet treat to your order today! #PiDay, Hey Philly friends, we have new delivery hours! 
Mon - Thurs: 5pm - half hour before closing
Fri - Sun: 11am - 3pm, and 5pm - half hour before closing
$20 minimum order. No delivery fee. 
Our range is Washington to Spring Garden, 24th to 5th, You can now get your Lobster Bisque Fix in all its glory at our Time Square shack. Find us in City Kitchen NYC, 700 8th Ave (at 44th st). You know you want it. #lobsterbisquefix, Even the cartoon lobstermen at Georgetown like our new salad - the Tail & Kale. Come by and get yours today! #chalkboardart #AframeArt #tailandkale #Georgetown, Thank you to the amazing fishermen, and lobstermen who head out each day to bring in fresh lobster for us all to enjoy! #TasteTheSource, Having a blast at Wine Riot! Lobster rolls, the perfect pairing to any glass of wine... well, we think so 😉Swing by and say hi!! #wineriotnyc #wineriot #lobsterroll, Lobster, Crab, or Shrimp? Our toasters are warmed up and ready to go. Come on down today for your fresh seafood fix.http://lukeslobster.com/shacks/, Our Fidi shack welcomed back an original Mobsta card this week. It had traveled from NYC to St. Louis and back in the last few years. Now its' found a forever home on our walls in FiDi! 
The Mobsta card is going digital; sign up for our Luke's Lobster app and get $15 back with ever $150 you spend!, One more day in February means one more haul for our fisherman in Maine. Check out this great pic from our friends at #capeseafood Early morning fishing with Logan Osgood. #tastethesource, The groundhog might think winter is over, but there's still a nip in the air! Warm up with our famous award winning chowder and lobster grilled cheese. #yesplease, Its Tuesday. All day long. We cant do anything about that, but we can guarantee a satisfying lunch! Find to your nearest shack now: lukeslobster.com/shacks, null, DC & Philly get some Tail this weekend! ;)  The Tail & Kale is officially available in #PennQuarter, #Georgetown, #Bethesda and #Rittenhouse
A full steamed lobster tail, served over a bed of baby kale, warm quinoa, chickpeas, house pickled onion and pumpkin seeds. Satisfaction, guilt free., Get rewarded for your love of lobster! Download our app today and get $15 for every $150 you spend, not to mention great swag and perks the more you use it! 
iOS: http://apple.co/1ObLUAY
Android: http://bit.ly/1Qhqjby, We're excited about kicking off NYC Beer Week with our very on NYC vs ME Flight Fight Luke's Lobster Park Slope, with our friends from Allagash Brewing Company, Peak Organic Brewing, WAR FLAG & Braven Brewing Company! Check back for pics and tips on pairing surf and turf with some of your favorite brews ;), Wednesday.  This calls for a Lobster Roll. Get your fix at a shack near you now! lukeslobster.com/shacks #humpday, Nip that winter chill with a cup of our award winning soups. Clam Chowder, Lobster Bisque and more! find your nearest shack: lukeslobster.com/shacks, Happy Presidents Day from your friends at Luke's Lobster. All our shacks are open today, so come on by and celebrate with a delicious lobster, shrimp or crab combo!, Who's your lobster this Valentine's Day? 
Luke's will always be yours!, Hey Nomad - phone & internet is down in the entire neighborhood!. We're still open for your Friday lunch treats! For deliveries, do not use seamless, call: 443.534.6953, Tickets are going fast, don't miss you chance to taste and vote on the best flight as NY & ME go head-to-head! https://www.eventbrite.com/e/me-vs-ny-flight-fight-tickets-21434240390, null, null, Beer & Seafood, two of our favorite things! Join us on Friday February 19th as we see the best brews of ME and NY, go head to head in a Flight Fight!  An evening in honor of Beer Week, celebrating Maine and New York craft brewing at  Luke's Lobster Park Slope.  Brewers from Allagash Brewing Company, Peak Organic Brewing, WAR FLAG & Braven Brewing Company will lead guests in a craft beer tasting. Guests will enjoy grub paired with each beer course, from grilled lobster tails to steak and cheese from Fleisher's and Valley Shepherd. The brews with the most votes from guests will be featured in our winning flight. Tickets are available for purchase online for $35. 

WHEN: Friday, February 19th 7pm-9:30pm
WHERE: Luke's Lobster Park Slope
BUY TICKETS: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/me-vs-ny-flight-fight-tickets-21434240390, Get yourself some tail this humpday. #tailandkale  
Our new salad is available in Boston, NYC and NJ. Coming to Chicago, Philly and DC soon!, Flex your muscle! An excellent source of lean protein, lobster has less calories, saturated fat and cholesterol than chicken and lean beef!, Yeah, we can make that many! Whether it's for a wedding reception, office meeting or your next dinner party, put lobster rolls on your menu!, Touchdown! At Luke's we trace all our seafood right back to the harbor it was caught. Check out our source board in shacks to learn where your lobster, shrimp and crab are from today! #TasteTheSource, From trap to table we trace our seafood every step of the way. #tastethesource #lukeslobster, You spoke. We listened.  
A healthy, lighter alternative to the lobster roll is here: the Tail & Kale Salad. A warm winter grain bowl that features a full steamed lobster tail and seasonal ingredients. Available all winter long, at only $14. Its our new thing. Make it yours!, null, Attention FiDi lobster lovers. Our FiDi shacks phone and Internet are down. For all delivery orders call: (207) 266-1446, Start the week off right, at only 380 calories, our lobster, shrimp and crab rolls not only taste good, they are good for you too!, If you find yourself in Nomad today, we know you'll want to try our new Tail & Kale salad. A full steamed lobster tail, split and served on a bed of baby kale, with warm quinoa, chickpeas, house pickled onions and a sprinkle of pumpkin seeds. Not only tasty, but healthy too! #tailandkale, Bostonians, we've put a salad on the menu, the Tail & Kale - come try it (75 Exeter St)! Boston Common Magazine thanks for the shout out.  http://bostoncommon-magazine.com/lukes-lobster-salad-journeyman-new-concept, Thrillist thinks you should have Luke's Lobster delivered for the Big Game. We agree. Up your football Sunday with the best lobster, shrimp & crab rolls in NYC. https://www.thrillist.com/eat/new-york/the-best-manhattan-superbowl-delivery-options
For enquiries email: NYcatering@lukeslobster.com, Whats up Bethesda - we made the list of Top 20 things to do. Come on down to 7129 
Bethesda Lane for the best lobster, shrimp and crab rolls!  http://vacationidea.com/destinations/best-things-to-do-in-bethesda.html#slide18, Who doesn't love tail? Tail & Kale that is. Our new light, healthy warm winter salad! Get it in Boston and Midtown East now and starting tomorrow at Flatiron (25th and 5th). Coming to other locations soon. Gluten free and only $14 #tailandkale 
Photo credit: Boston Foodies, Attention DC Lobster Lovers. Luke's is open at 12pm today with all day happy hour - thats 50% off beer, wine and cocktails. And you can get a FREE soup with any Taste of Maine or Noah's Ark! 
#OpenInDC 12pm - 7pm
Luke's Lobster Penn Quarter: 624 E. St NW, Washington, DC 20004; (202) 347-3355
Luke's Lobster Bethesda: 7129 Bethesda Ln, Bethesda, MD 20814; (301) 718-1005
Luke's Lobster Georgetown: 1211 Potomac St NW, Washington, DC 20007; (202) 333-4863, ❄Storm Jonas All Day HAPPY HOUR❄
The sun is shining and all NYC, Hoboken, DC and Philly shacks are OPEN! Enjoy Happy Hour all day - 50% off all beer and wine and free soup with any Taste of Maine or Noah's Ark today only.
#OpenInNYC #OpenInHoboken #OpenInDC #OpenInPHL, ❄️Storm Jonas Update❄️
All NYC, DC and Philly shacks are now closed.

Stay safe today, we'll be back tomorrow:
DC: 12pm - 7pm
Philly: 11am - 9pm
NYC: 11am - close. Check http://lukeslobster.com/shacks/ for local shack hours., ❄️Storm Jonas❄️Open/Closure Saturday 1/23:
NYC: We're open! Come in and celebrate building a snowman with a Maine-style lobster roll across Manhattan and Park Slope today. We will not be delivering today to keep our team safe. 

Hoboken, DC, Philly: we're closed. Batten down the hatches and stay warm indoors lobster lovers., Hey DC: Storm Jonas is here and we're closing earlier today. Shack hours: 11am - 6:00pm. 
Nip that stormy chill with a cup of our award wining soup in Georgetown, Penn Quarter and Bethesda today., Attention New York: it's Broadway Week and we you can get a free combo at our Time Square location. Just show your Broadway ticket stub when you purchase any of our lobster, shrimp or crab rolls and a soda, chips & pickle are yours. The perfect treat before or after the curtain falls. Visit us City Kitchen NYC on 44th and 8th  #broadwayweek #lukeslobster, UWS Friends, get your Luke's Lobster fix delivered to your door today! From 12pm until 9:30pm, 66th st to 96th st, and Central Park West to the Hudson River. No delivery charge. Call now: 212.877.8800, Have you tried our mayo-less slaw? Its made with a light poppyseed vinaigrette. Your taste buds will not be disappointed, and your hips won't mind., Ever wonder where your food comes from? With Luke's Lobster you never have to. Sustainable. Traceable. Seafood. Always. Thats our promise to you. For more check out the source board at your local shack to learn where that says catch is from! #tastethesource, Get it while its hot! Fresh award winning soups to warm you up today. Whether you choose Maine clam chowder or lobster bisque, they are both guaranteed to hit the spot., Sustainable. Traceable. Good for you. 
With our seafood its always that simple.
lukeslobster.com, East Village Friends: Our phone line is still down, but you can order delivery on Seamless (http://bit.ly/1RvnmKS) or Grubhub (http://bit.ly/1PmFBf9), Ever wonder what’s in our seasoning? Well that’s the thing, it’s a secret. 😉, East Village Friends: if you are trying to order by phone, our line is still down, but you can order on Seamless (http://bit.ly/1RvnmKS) or Grubhub (http://bit.ly/1PmFBf9), Attention East Village friends: our phone is out of order. This sucks, but we're open and you can still order delivery via Gurbhub & Seamless, In December, for every four soups sold we pledged to donate one soup to a local soup kitchen. Luke and our Crew would like to thank each and every one of you who purchased a soup at your local shack in December!  We are thrilled to announce that with your help we'll be donating 5,093 soups to soup kitchens across all of our cities this January, when holiday giving tapers off, temperatures drop, and soup kitchens need resources most. Thank you to our Soup Kitchen Partners for their generous support for our communities!
All Souls Friday Soup Kitchen
Holy Trinity Soup Kitchen
Holy Apostles Soup Kitchen
The Bowery Mission
CHIPS
Hoboken Shelter
Liberti Church
DCCK
A Just Harvest
Las Vegas Rescue Mission 
Rosie's Place, Have yourself a lobster feast! #TasteofMaine, Ever wonder what this magazine is all about? Its our very own Luke's Zine, a collection of amazing art work, stories and more from our talented crew! Open it, read it, take it home. #LukesZine #LukesArtists, <3 lobster in 2016! Thank you Gilt.com and the Today Show for  choosing Luke's Lobster for "What you love in 2016". We are proud to serve fresh, sustainable seafood right to your door. Shop our famous lobster, shrimp and crab roll kits, lobster tails, chowder, lobster bisque and crab claws now: lukeslobster.com/seafoodstore  
http://on.today.com/1MXX7o2, Why chose when you can have all three. Thank you Taste of Maine! Get your lobster, shrimp & crab sampler today., Get rewarded for your love of Luke's. Download our app today and start earning credit. Get $3 toward your first purchase just for downloading, and $15 every time you spend $150., For all our friends in the East Village, we now deliver! Meet Paris, our newest team member and your friendly face to delivery. From Houston to 14th St, Ave C to 3rd Ave, and including Stuytown, call to place your order between 5pm - 9:30pm: 212.387.8487
Not in range of a shack to place an order? Get your lobster fix by shopping our online store: http://lukeslobster.com/shop/, If eating healthy, sustainable and traceable seafood is on your New Year's resolutions list, then our food is for you. Luke's Lobster is proud to serve seafood that has high protein and low calorie benefits, but also supports responsible fishermen and purveyors. Visit lukeslobster.com/sustainability/ to learn more., Kick start your 2016 with a lobster, shrimp or crab roll! At 380 calories each, why not make it 2!  All our shacks are open today. Check lukeslobster.com/shacks for our hours., null, Kick start your New Years celebrations with delicious local brews at our Park Slope shack. Open until 8pm on New Years Eve., Lobster, crab or shrimp roll? Why choose when you can have them all with our Taste of Maine. Try them all at a shack near you today., There's still time to help us reach our soup donation goals! For every 4 soups we sell we're donating 1 to our local soup kitchens. Warm up and feel good today.  Choose from traditional New England Clam Chowder, Lobster Bisque, and Shrimp & Corn Chowder - all from our award winning soup partner @ HurricaneSoup., We love it when you love us. Thank you @gastronami for sharing this great pic of our Lobster Grilled Cheese. Forget turkey leftovers, bite into a delicious mix of melted gruyere and lobster meat, served on toasted organic white bread with Luke's Secret Seasoning. Available all winter at Luke's Lobster shacks.
http://ow.ly/WimH0, After yesterday holiday feast, we invite you to enjoy a gilt free satisfying lunch. Our lobster rolls are only 380 calories. Now that's a healthy and happy holiday treat., Its Christmas Eve and the Luke's team is ready with stockings hung and holiday cheers. Come say Hi, Happy Holidays or Ho Ho Ho at any of our locations today. 
On Christmas Day our Time Square location is open from 10:30am - 9pm. 
For all location and holiday hours, visit lukeslobster.com/shacks
Shout out to FiDi & Time Square for these great pics., Its Christmas Eve and the Luke's team is ready with stockings hung and holiday cheers. Come say Hi, Happy Holidays or Ho Ho Ho at any of our locations today. 
On Christmas Day our Time Square location is open from 10:30am - 9pm. 
For all location and holiday hours, visit lukeslobster.com/shacks
Shout out to FiDi & Time Square for these great pics., Its Christmas Eve and the Luke's team is ready with stockings hung and holiday cheers. Come say Hi, Happy Holidays or Ho Ho Ho at any of our locations today. 
On Christmas Day our Time Square location is open from 10:30am - 9pm. 
For all location and holiday hours, visit lukeslobster.com/shacks
Shout out to FiDi & Time Square for these great pics., Its Christmas Eve and the Luke's team is ready with stockings hung and holiday cheers. Come say Hi, Happy Holidays or Ho Ho Ho at any of our locations today. 
On Christmas Day our Time Square location is open from 10:30am - 9pm. 
For all location and holiday hours, visit lukeslobster.com/shacks
Shout out to FiDi & Time Square for these great pics., Happy BISQUEmass! Be sure and get your fix of warm lobster bisque this holiday season. Featured as our Plaza locations December Soup Of The Month. Pair it with a roll, or on its own, it is the perfect way to nip any winter chill. 
Feel good too: every soup you purchase is helping us toward our donation goal to local soup kitchens this winter.
Visit our Plaza Food hall location at 1 W 59th St, New York, NY 10019, Happy BISQUEmass! Be sure and get your fix of warm lobster bisque this holiday season. Featured as our Plaza locations December Soup Of The Month. Pair it with a roll, or on its own, it is the perfect way to nip any winter chill. 
Feel good too: every soup you purchase is helping us toward our donation goal to local soup kitchens this winter.
Visit our Plaza Food hall location at 1 W 59th St, New York, NY 10019, On Friday Dec 18th, we celebrated our founder, Luke's fictional twins return to the silverscreen. We gave Lukes, Mr & Mrs Lukes and Lucas's in NYC, NJ, DC, CHI, BOS, Philly & Las Vegas a FREE lobster roll! It was fun! #LukeIAmYourLobster, Thinking about holiday gifts already? So are we. Check out some cool Maine made exclusives from our craftsmen partners at www.lukeslobster.com/shop!, Lots of Lukes & Lucas's getting their free lobster rolls today. Shout out to our shacks in Bethesda, Georgetown, Upper East Side, Mid Town East and Boston for these great pics. 
Find your local shack: http://lukeslobster.com/shacks/
Details on how Luke/Lucas can get a free roll: http://bit.ly/1Oonk0v, Today's the day. Lukes, awaken. Thank you PIX 11, Sukanya Krishnan and Kori Chambers for a fun start to the day. If your name is Luke, come to any Luke's Lobster location, with valid ID, for your free lobster roll! For details, terms and to find your nearest shack: http://bit.ly/1Oonk0v, Boo-boo-beep-boop: Calling all LUKES for a FREE Lobster Roll, TODAY Friday the 18th, at all shacks. Tag the Luke in your life! 
For all details see: lukeslobster.com #lukeiamyourlobster
Image courtesy of our Chicago shack!, Dark and stormy weather calls for some winter warmth! Chase away your chill with our soups; New England Clam Chowder, Shrimp & Corn Chowder, Spicy Crab Bisque or Lobster Bisque. For every four soups served this December, Luke's will donate one soup to a local soup kitchen #souptosoupkitchen #lukeslobster, Wrapping up some last minute holiday shopping? Why not send Luke's seafood and other fun products to the seafood lover in your life. Shop now for delivery by the holidays. lukeslobster.com/shop/ #lukesathome, Lukes, your local Chicago shack is in The Loop, @134 N LaSalle Street. #LukeIAmYourLobster for more info visit: lukeslobster.com/luke-i-am-your-lobster, Lukes, free lobster rolls - it is your destiny. 
This Friday, December 18th, visit any Luke's Lobster shack with valid ID and you can get yourself a free lobster roll. #LukeIAmYourLobster
For giveaway detail, rules and more: http://lukeslobster.com/luke-i-am-your-lobster, Lukes! on Friday 12/18 the first 25 Lukes at each of our shacks get a free lobster roll! For more details: lukeslobster.com, "Luke, I am your Lobster". 
On Friday December 18th, Luke's Lobster is giving free lobster rolls to Lukes!  You don't have to use the force, just be named Luke and present your ID at any of our shacks. 
Tag the Luke in your life.  #LukeIAmYourLobster
For information and rules visit lukeslobster.com, Key to a tailgating party? Grilled lobster tails! lukeslobster.com/seafoodstore, A great meal with an awesome read! Get your own copy at lukeslobster.com/shop., Hoping for beautiful Maine sunshine this weekend!, Taste of Maine - so you don't have to choose between the three!, Fill your belly with lobster grilled cheese today! Back for the winter., Lean protein, low in calories, quality lobster. What more could you ask for this Tuesday?, Have you heard? This December for every 4 soups sold, we donate one soup to a local, neighborhood soup kitchen!, Only 380 calories? I'll take two!, A nice way to start Friday--lobster roll and a Maine microbrew!, Three is truly a crowd!, Share your Luke's photos with us and we'll give your photo a shout!, This December we are donating one soup for every four soups that we sell to a neighborhood soup kitchen in need!, It's back! Treat yourself to some lobster grilled cheese., Our Procurement Director Camilla, hauling traps!, Turkey detox!, Black Friday fuel!, Did you know Pilgrims had lobster on the first Thanksgiving? Our Plaza and Times Square shacks are open today!, Sporting our 'staches all November in support of #Movember!, Founder Luke Holden slinging lobster rolls on Valley View!, Our Brooklyn Bridge Park shack is closed for the season! More lobster rolls with a view in the spring., A healthy dose of omega-3's this Sunday., Brace yourselves--lobster grilled cheese makes a come back on Monday, 11/30 at all shacks except Plaza, Brooklyn Bridge Park, and Vegas!, Treat yourself this Friday!, Yep, this bad buoy is now in Vegas!, The star of every party! lukeslobster.com/catering, Surprise! This lobster roll is only 380 calories., Ending the weekend with some lean protein!, Sun setting over our new Vegas shack! lukeslobster.com/vegas, Butter and spice in every bite., Our Vegas shack is officially OPEN! Come have a lobster roll in Paradise., Have you heard? Our Chicago shack now has wine and beer! Join us for Happy Hour from 4-7pm., Here's a sneak peek at our Vegas shack!, You might have a different favorite roll, but you can always share a cup of chowdah!, It's never too cold for the Holden brothers to haul lobster!, Quite the perfect pair--lobster roll and a side of lobster bisque!, All this color must mean it's healthy--poppy seed vinaigrette slaw!, Rolling into Vegas, November 12th with traceable, sustainable seafood!, Our four-legged fans can smell the best lobster rolls from miles away!, Just like our lobster, we can trace our shrimp to the exact harbor!, Refuel with some lean lobster protein after the NYC Marathon!, Pre-gaming with lean lobster meat and chowda for Halloween festivities!, Proud to serve only the highest quality catch!, Lobster is...a lean protein with lower cholesterol than chicken, and a delicious way to get your omega 3's!, We trace all of our lobster to the exact harbor where we buy directly from lobstermen!, Throwing a party? lukeslobster.com/catering, Kick off your Monday with lean lobster protein!, It's true--lobster rolls put smiles on everyone's faces!, Visit our DUMBO shack before 11/22 to get a lobster roll with a view!, Thank you Cape Seafood, our sister company, for helping us source the best lobster possible!, Taste of Maine - so you don't have to choose between the three!, Even babies know what's good (traceable, sustainable seafood)!, Here's what a quarter pound of pure lobster meat looks like!, Join us for Claws for a Cause celebrating Sustainable Seafood Week with happy hour, lobster tails, Jonah crab claws, oysters, and sustainable talk on 10/27! https://www.facebook.com/events/861784523928605/, That day we saved the waterway by cleaning up all the trash!, Our VP Ben is always grill-ready! lukeslobster.com/seafoodstore, Get some tail this weekend! lukeslobster.com/seafoodstore, Now that's a healthy lunch!, A big thank you to our lobstermen for supplying us sustainable lobster to make this many lobster rolls!, Our sister company, Cape Seafood, helps purvey traceable, sustainable seafood to all Luke's Lobster shacks!, "Die and went to heaven," said @cphswede., We trace all our lobsters to the exact harbor - today's catch is from Kristin, our Philly GM!, Who says your weekend indulgence can't also be lean protein?, Love an Autumn picnic!, Our Midtown East GM, Ali, setting traps up in Maine!, Best game plan for humpdays!, Loving lobster rolls with a side of chowder to ring in fall!, Hey #NoMad - we're now open at 5 W. 25th Street today!, Eat lobster for an excellent source of lean protein!, This lobster roll is not just a piece of meat--it's healthy with less saturated fat, calories, and cholesterol than chicken!, Putting on final touches at Luke's Lobster NoMad opening Monday, 10/5 at 5 W 25th Street!, We trace all of our seafood to its exact harbor honoring our fishermen and ocean!, Is it time for an office lobster roll party? lukeslobster.com/catering, The best quality seafood right in Times Square. Visit City Kitchen!, Lobster is an excellent source of lean protein, and that's a lotta lean protein!, No matter which team you're rooting for, lobster tailgate is always a win! www.lukeslobster.com/seafoodstore, Getting our weekly serving of seafood, new regulations recommend 3-5 a week!, It's National Lobster Day! Guess what you're eating?, Bringing lobster rolls and chowder to NOMAD this fall!, Overcome your humpday with 3 lobster rolls (low in fat, less cholesterol than beef and chicken)!, Enjoy a light lunch--380 calories for a lobster roll and 84 calories for vinaigrette slaw!, Lobster is high in omega-3's that keep your heart healthy!, Eat lean lobster protein and drink a Maine microbrew for a perfect Sunday!, How about this view with some traceable, sustainable seafood this weekend?, Grab a mate, happy hour from 4-7pm today!, Fun fact: lobster is a lean protein with less cholesterol than chicken!, We handle our lobster with care from ocean to plate!, Guiltless eating at 380 calories!, Caught a beauty!, Enjoying a traceable, sustainable lobster roll picnic today!, Loving this view and weather--just means we're eating more lobster rolls!, #TBT to that time Harry Styles serenaded us at the Upper West Side!, Opt for a healthy lunch with lean protein and veggies!, Have you checked out our soup combo yet? Available at all locations!, Indulge on traceable, sustainable seafood this Labor Day!, Last day to catch our tails at Dig Inn!, It's not too late to have a lobster picnic party this summer!, Lobster rolls are on top of this world!, Throw back to that time Aziz Ansari crushed some lobster rolls! #TBT, Commit to a healthy office lunch today with lean protein!, Traceable, sustainable seafood--now at The Loop in Chitown!, Traceable, sustainable seafood for you and a special someone!, Double your dose of lean protein!, Can't choose your favorite seafood? Noah's Ark., Dream lunch at City Kitchen today--two lobster rolls and two donuts from Dough!, Beautiful shot of traceable, sustainable seafood!, Lean protein and a side of vinaigrette slaw to boost your humpday!, Catch our tails in Dig Inn's lobster bake from now until Labor Day!, Make your way to our Boston shack at 75 Exeter Street!, Pick a park, any park!, Visit Nauti Mobile at Pier 13 for sunshine, lobster rolls, and this view all weekend!, Start the weekend right with no fillers, just pure lobster knuckles and claws!, Yep, that's a quarter pound of traceable, sustainable lobster!, We're teamed up with Dig Inn till 9/7 serving this Lobster Lettuce & Tomato sandwich at participating Dig Inn locations! Check it out and tell us what you think., Happy Hour every day from 4-7pm gets you 50% off all microbrews! At select locations., For you and your first mate!, Getting his dose of lean lobster protein!, Picnic perfect!, A flight of microbrews and 2 rolls at Park Slope to kick-off the weekend!, We handle all of our seafood from trap to table! Just ask us where we get it., Opt for a healthy, hump-day lunch--380 calories for a lobster roll and 84 calories for vinaigrette slaw!, Putting smiles on faces, one lobster roll at a time!, Don't live near Luke's? Make this at home with our DIY kit! lukeslobster.com/seafoodstore, Perfect Sunday--picnic in the park with some seafood goodies!, A perfectly buttered, toasted bun with a perfect view!, For under 400 calories, you can enjoy what some call a heavenly meal!, #TBT to our #Boston friends & family event full of lobster rolls and South End Buttery ice cream sandwiches!, Now more space to eat lobster rolls at our Bethesda location (7129 Bethesda Lane) with our renovation!, Join Dig Inn & Luke's Lobster for a summer LOBSTAPALOOZA featuring Luke's sustainably-sourced lobster, drinks, and dessert at Madison Square Park on Thursday, 8/20. Tix go quick! lukeslobster.com/merch/lobstapalooza, Eat traceable, sustainable lobster this Monday!, Eating two...or four is guilt-free when each lobster roll is 380 calories!, Perfect meal for a hot, summer day!, Not a bad idea for Friday!, The Lobsterpuff Girls. #chalkart, Soup combo anyone? Includes your choice of roll, a side soup, drinks, chips or slaw and a pickle!, Need some office lunch excitement? We cater! lukeslobster.com/catering, Keeping our firemen well-fed in the Back Bay of #Boston!, You're lucky if you live in Boston--check out our sea salt chocolate chip ice cream sandwiches with cookies from South End Buttery!, Waterfront date with a lobster roll!, Summer Fridays are for picnic-ing in the park! #lukespicnic, Lean lunch--380 calories for a lobster roll and 84 calories for vinaigrette slaw!, Eat lean protein for a happy humpday!, Hey Boston--have you had your Luke's Lobster fix yet? Come find us at 75 Exeter Street!, Aspiring poets, also Luke's teammates!, Taste of Maine at Brooklyn Bridge Park seems like a great plan this Sunday!, Last chance to enter our instagram contest! Post and hashtag #LukesPicnic by July 19th, 11:59PM EST for a chance to win 4 lobster roll combos., Check out a packed house full of lobster roll lovers at our newly opened Boston location (75 Exeter Street)!, #TBT to the Holden family lobster tail grill out. www.lukeslobster.com/seafoodstore, Coming to #Boston this Friday, 7/17!, Putting on some finishing touches in #Boston!, A date night guaranteed to impress!, Yep, that's a quarter pound of sustainably-harvested lobster meat in each roll!, What a perfect picnic view! #lukespicnic, Good beer, good read, and the best seafood if we say so ourselves!, A healthy feast that you can make at home! lukeslobster.com/seafoodstore, Have you tried our very own blueberry lemonade? It's all-natural and sweetened with honey!, Nothing beats a perfectly toasted bun with a quarter pound of pure lobster meat!, This could be your party! lukeslobster.com/catering, Congratulations @midnitemaraudur--you've earned a spot on our wall!, You better be grilling lobsters this July 4th! Happy Birthday America! Repost: Stacey Cramp., It's Friday--you deserve this!, The sweetest shrimp you'll taste, and only 380 calories per roll!, Bring friends, come hang out in our Park Slope backyard!, Make your own lobster rolls for July 4th! Order at lukeslobster.com/seafoodstore, Start off Monday in a healthy way--vinaigrette slaw and lean lobster protein!, Did you know we can trace our lobster to its exact harbor? Check out our traceability chalkboard at every location!, Get a picnic blanket at any of our shops and take your seafood to go! #lukespicnic, Picnic-ready!, Tastes indulgent, but only 380 calories for a lobster roll!, So you don't have to choose on humpday!, This is Storr, our Financial District GM, hauling lobster traps while enjoying Maine's sunrise!, Stay tuned for more lobster roll appearances at events all summer!, Traceable, sustainable seafood now in Chitown!, Treat dad to traceable, sustainable seafood this Father's Day!, "Chillin' with my Maine man." -@chef_boyar_drew, Lobster rolls al fresco in Hoboken!, The perfect complement to National Picnic Day!, Plan a summer vacation in Maine and see this!, Take dad to a special Maine vs. New York tasting at Midtown East this Sunday or join us Tuesday for a grill out at Park Slope for Sustainable Seafood Week! http://bit.ly/1C8GRNa http://bit.ly/1JPMeJa, Proudly eating lobster rolls on National Lobster Day!, Perfect picnic for friends, lovers, pets, or yourself!, Mark your calendars--eat lobster rolls for National Lobster Day on Monday, 6/15!, A quarter pound of lean lobster meat is on top of the world!, Traceable, sustainable feast for two this Thursday!, Chicagoans - you deserve a lobster roll and a slice of Bang Bang Pie to survive this humpday!, Eat (RED). Drink (RED). Save Lives! All of June we will be supporting (RED) to *86 AIDS., Some humor for your Monday!, Spicing it up this Sunday with sunshine, Sriracha, and a quarter pound of fresh Jonah crab meat!, We've got your checklist for the perfect picnic!, Summer Fridays--treat yourself to two!, Bringing this beautiful lobster roll to Boston this summer. More updates soon!, Excited to bring Maine lobster rolls to @Thrillist Culinary Roadtrip in LA, June 12-14th!, Hey Chicago, if you haven't already, come for a lobster roll at 134 N LaSalle! CC: @chicagofoodauthority, Think grilled lobster tails this Sunday and for Father's Day! www.lukeslobster.com/seafoodstore, Yep, that's a quarter pound of lobster claw and knuckle meat!, Keep it lean and healthy with lobster rolls and mayo-free slaw!, Throw back to that time Raven-Symoné  came in for a Taste of Maine!, Hoboken - you don't have to wait till the weekend for Nauti Mobile at Pier 13 any more! Check us out at 207 Washington Street., Chicago - we've been open on 134 N LaSalle for just over a week!, Now that's a Memorial Day party! lukeslobster.com/catering, Picnic perfect!, Nauti Mobile is at Pier 13 in Hoboken! Come and get it., 380 calories per lobster roll means you can eat 2!, Luke checking the lobster for notches. Gotta put them back if they're egg-bearing females!, DIY lobster rolls in your backyard = perfect Memorial Day plan! lukeslobster.com/seafoodstore, Lunch game strong--380 calories per lobster roll and 140 calories for a side of chowda!, Officially open in Chicago at 134 N LaSalle!, Throwin' a party? We'll bring the seafood to you! lukeslobster.com/catering, Nauti Mobile is now permanently in Hoboken! Come get some lobster lovin' at Pier 13 this weekend., Hello, Hoboken! Come get yourself one of these at 207 Washington Street for our grand opening., Hey Hoboken - you can eat like this every day starting tomorrow! Grand opening May 15th., These cuties are lovin' their first taste of lobster rolls!, Every lobster roll is brimming with a quarter pound of knuckle and claw meat!, Keeping healthy with lean protein and mayo-less slaw!, Trek across the Brooklyn Bridge for a lobster roll and a view!, Nauti Mobile is at Pier 13 in Hoboken! Come and get it., Hoboken folks, have you heard the good news? We're opening very soon at 207 Washington Street!, Enjoy 380 calories of lean lobster protein this Thursday!, Looking to eat lean? Here's a quarter pound of lobster protein!, Lobster roll and an ice cream sandwich--a perfect pairing for spring (DC and Philly only)!, For that little sweet tooth in you--Maine sea salt brownie bite and blueberry crumb bite!, Taste of Maine is truly a taste of Maine when you try our lobster, crab and shrimp!, Perfect view! Visit us at Brooklyn Bridge Park this Saturday., Mother's Day is coming up. Send the best mom in the world our DIY kit! lukeslobster.com/seafood, Luke and his brothers, second generation in the lobster industry, know where to get the best Maine lobster possible!, Join Ben Conniff, our VP, as he chats with Scott DeSimon of Bon Apetit about Real Maine Food! https://www.facebook.com/events/826255830785873/, Teach your kiddos to eat lean protein with a perfect lobster roll!, Sun's out, guns out--only 380 calories per roll!, All aboard the cherry ferry--cherry ice cream sandwiches in DC and Philly stores for a limited time!, What's not to love about a lobster roll and cherry blossom viewing in DC?, Slaw (& Order)--your new favorite sidekick to a lobster roll!, Nauti Mobile's headed for some big changes next month. Get your lean protein while you can!, These bad buoys are comin' to Chicago and Hoboken next month! Official opening announcements very soon., The perfect light lunch!, It's Sunday. Reward yourself with lean lobster protein!, Miss our lobster grilled cheese? Make it at home with our new cookbook! lukeslobster.com/merch, Feel good about what you eat! Traceable, sustainable seafood., What's not to love about a quarter pound of pure lobster meat?, Thank Eddie for stocking our shacks with fresh seafood snow or shine!, Happy about that quarter pound of lobster in one roll!, The cure all for Monday blues!, Happen to be strolling through Times Square? Come check us out at City Kitchen on 44th and 8th!, Can you believe this whole roll is only 380 calories?, All they needed were lobster rolls to flash those pretty smiles!, We use claw and knuckle meat because it's the sweetest, most tender part of lobster!, Good enough to wait in the rain!, First time we're publishing our lobster roll recipe...Real Maine Food available now! lukeslobster.com/merch, Get a bite of Luke's Lobster, Big Gay Ice Cream, Caracas Arepa Bar, Porchetta, Huertas, and Butter Lane at Taste of 7th on April 11-12! We'll be donating all profits to the Red Cross to help our displaced East Village neighbors affected by the recent explosion. Buy your tix at lukeslobster.com/merch., We buy lobster from one of the most sustainable fisheries in the world!, Lobsterman Eric heading out of Portland Harbor to pull lobster traps!, Curious about whether our lobster is from Stonington or Frienship? Ask us about today's catch!, A lobster a day keeps the doctor away!, Need a place to eat in Times Square? Check us out at City Kitchen (44th St and 8th Ave)!, Last day to get your Captain's Combo!, 380 calories for a lot of lean protein!, How about walking across the Brooklyn Bridge and rewarding yourself with a lobster roll this Sunday?, The Holdens and our lobsterman spending time down at the dock!, Captain's Combo countdown...only 5 days left till it sails off with winter!, If you work in Times Square, how's a lobster roll lunch at City Kitchen sound?, Lobsterman of the year sporting our buoy beanie on his way to haul lobster traps!, Luke and lobster Bob talking Maine lobstering industry with AMEX Open!, Holy roll-y--that's five lobsters-worth of knuckles and claws!, Who needs the sun when you can eat shrimp packed with Vitamin D?!, Love coloring? Ask for a coloring sheet and learn some sustainable seafood facts!, Re-opening today with $10 lobster rolls from 11a-2p at Brooklyn Bridge Park. See you there!, Thursday lean protein indulgence at your desk? Absolutely!, Secret's out--we're re-opening our Brooklyn Bridge Park location this Friday with $10 lobster rolls! Come one, come all!, Haulin' lobster traps by hand makes Maine lobstermen hungry!, Lobster grilled cheeses at Nauti Mobile till 3pm!, After a long week's work every Captain deserves a combo, choose your seafood and add a soup for just $3!, This is happening--unlimited Narragansett and a lobster roll for $25 on St. Patty's Day at Luke's Georgetown! Tickets going fast, buy them here: lukeslobster.com/merch, We're proud to work closely with the lobstermen who allow us to serve the freshest catch out there in our shacks daily!, What a beautiful spread of sustainable seafood!, Some days you need three lobster rolls (all sustainably harvested in cold Maine waters!) to cure the Monday blues., Kick back with your favorite Maine microbrew and some lobster, crab, and shrimp rolls this Sunday!, Less than a month left to get your captain's combo!, We're open at City Kitchen near Times Square for all you folks looking for lobster rolls this Friday!, #TBT to last Saturday when we ate crab toast at our Supper Club!, March means the last month of the Captain's Combo! Try our winter deal while you can!, Someone's got a sustainable seafood craving today!, Brimming with the knuckles and claws of five lobsters!, Fun fact: this crab roll is only 380 calories!, Recognize this scene? Wishing summer will come soon!, Do you dream of lobster rolls? Luke's is looking for a GM for our first Chicago restaurant, opening soon! To apply: bit.ly/1DrZZdK, Lobster and crab from cold, Maine waters. Just ask us which harbor it came from!, You can be sure that we trace every lobster in your roll to an exact Maine harbor!, Share a Noah's Ark and a flight of four beers on tap (at $0 upcharge) at our Park Slope location this Beer Week!, Double up with a side of lobster grilled cheese before the winter ends!, For only $3 more, you can add a small soup to a seafood combo!, "Because we're all about that taste, 'bout that taste. No fillers!" Sing to Ms. Trainor., Best get your fill of our Captain's Combo while it's still this bloody cold!, Possibly our favorite Captain's Combo--lobster roll, small chowder, original chips and lemon lime!, We love lobster and romantic stories! Cheers to our romantic date contest winners!, Lean, mean lobster protein is a President's kind of meal!, What's your favorite Maine microbrew and lobster roll pairing?, Lobster is red, 
The ocean is blue,
We love lobster rolls,
And so do you!

Happy Valentine's Day too all our lobsta mobstas!, Want to know where we got today's lobster? Ask our crew!, Need last minute Valentine's Day plans? Order some lobster tails!, We fill our rolls past the brim with the knuckle and claw meat of 5 Maine lobsters!, Can you guess how many lobsters it takes to make all these rolls?, We trace our lobster to the exact harbor in which it came from!, Winter just isn't giving up, but a Taste of Maine always feels like summer!, Fun Fact: it took the knuckles and claws of 10 lobsters to make these two rolls!, Did you know our chowder is only 280 calories? Eat up!, Beautiful AND healthy. Not too late to eat your way towards a healthier year!, Tuesday's back. In need of lobster grilled cheese!, WIN a romantic date at Luke's this Valentine's Day!

1. Post your most romantic Luke's story and tag '@lukeslobster" on FB.
2. Get your friends, family, acquaintances to like your post.
3. We'll share and announce one winner on our page on Tuesday,  2/10 at 6PM EST!

The date includes: chilled seafood, wine or beer, lobster bisque, lobster rolls, dessert, candles, friendly server, romantic decorations, and a once-in-a-lifetime chance to woo your significant other at Luke's Lobster!, Seahawks or Patriots or Taste of Maine? Taste of Maine for sure!, The most perfect looking shrimp roll...that's only 380 calories!, Only 380 calories per lobster roll. Make room for two!, Only 380 calories per lobster roll! Makes you feel less guilty eating dessert., Perfect work lunch full of lean protein means no food coma!, Whether you're rooting for Seahawks or Patriots, your team needs some lobster roll luck to win the game!, How to deal with Monday blues--lots of lean protein!, Enjoying a light lunch this Sunday!, No matter what seafood you choose, it's only 380 calories for one full roll!, Rewards yourself with a shrimp Captain's Combo. All of this for $14!, Nothing beats sweet, tender knuckles and claws from five lobsters in one roll!, Show Nauti Mobile some love today at 23rd and Park!, There's really no wrong roll to soup to chip to drink combo!, Rumor has it Martin Luther King Jr. loved a good crab roll!, The only way to know if our crab claws are good is to taste them ourselves! Order at any of our shacks or on lukeslobster.com/seafood., The Holden brothers--lobster roll experts or hockey champs?, Our Captain's Combo pays homage to Spongebob!, Get this close to lobster grilled cheese! Served all winter., We work closely with fishermen on the docks up and down the Maine Coast to ensure you the freshest catch!, What would the Captain order? The Captains Combo of course. Soup, chowder, drink and chips., Does attending happy hour for Maine microbrews every Monday, 4-7pm count as a New Year's resolution?, Braving the arctic cold from your home? We deliver! Check our locations: lukeslobster.com/shacks, Sun sets early up in Maine!, What's your Captain's Combo? We're eating crab roll, butternut squash, original chips and ginger brew today!, Jonah crab claws are back on the menu if you haven't heard!, Have you seen me? I'm at 23rd and Park today!, Enough for one lobster roll and a couple Jonah crab claws!, Captain's Combo to tide you over this winter--a full roll, small soup, chips and a drink! Now at all locations!, Some say 1 lobster roll just isn't enough even though there are five lobsters worth of knuckles and claws in each bad boy!, Just having fun in our new beanies! You can have fun too: lukeslobster.com/merch., Reward yourself with a light lunch this New Year!, Accomplishing our New Year's goal to eat more lean protein and omega 3's!, They're diggin' the DIY lobster roll kit this New Year's Eve!, Lobster grilled cheese--a little pre-party treat!, Tomorrow's the last day to order Luke's DIY seafood kits for your NYE party! Get that order in by 2pm!, Still got family in town? Impart some Noah's Ark love today!, Do the math--4 lobster rolls equals 20 lobsters worth of knuckles and claws. We'd say they #killdit!, Need a "diet" after the holidays? Here's 380 calories of lean protein!, "Silver white winters that melt into springs. Lobster is one of my favorite things!" --Santa Claus, Merry Christmas Eve! Our final giveaway for this holiday season is our raw lobster tail kit. We'll ship and you cook.

For a chance to win, like, share, and comment so that we know you want in! The winner will be announced on this post at the end of the day or buy this at lukeslobster.com/shop., Perfect as a meal even while walking down the street!, Two more holiday giveaways this week--keep tidy with a buoy painted, organic tea towel from Madder Root!

For a chance to win, like, share, and comment so that we know you want in! The winner will be announced on this post at the end of the day or buy this at lukeslobster.com/shop., A good read and something to keep you warm!, Every Luke's lobster roll contains the knuckle and claw meat of 5 lobsters hailing from Maine waters!, A 380 calorie lobster roll makes us feel less guilty eating that slice of Lady M green tea crepe cake!, In need of a lobster roll and pie from Four & Twenty Blackbirds to take us through the end of this week!, Good news--claws are back!, 470 calories for a full chowder and a half lobster roll! Chips and soda optional., It's the third Monday this December, and you know we're picking one lucky winner to sport our two-toned Luke's cap!

For a chance to win, like, share, and comment so that we know you want in! The winner will be announced on this post at the end of the day or buy this at lukeslobster.com/shop., Treat yourself to a Taste of Maine this Sunday!, Hand-crafted belt for that fun guy you know! lukeslobster.com/shop, Attention! New holiday season diet--lobster rolls at 380 calories., So you don't have to choose between the three!, 380 calories, so now you can eat two!, May we suggest lobster grilled cheese and a small chowda this Tuesday?, This Monday's holiday giveaway is a handmade butter ramekin by Nancy, a Mainer from Peasley Pottery!

Wanna win? Like, share, and comment so that we know you want in! The winner will be announced on this post at the end of the day or buy this online at lukeslobster.com/shop., It takes the knuckles and claws of five lobsters to make one Luke's lobster roll. Nothing average about that!, Lobster grilled cheese stuffed with two and half lobsters worth of knuckles and claws!, A small chowder for only 140 calories? Yes please!, Lobster, crab & chowda--this Thursday's way to stay warm!, Share lobster rolls with your loved ones! Send a DIY kit from lukeslobster.com/seafoodstore., Loaded with shrimp, but only 380 calories! Food for thought., Every Monday this December and Christmas Eve, we'll be giving away Luke's or Maine made crafts to a lucky winner! Today's prize is a Luke's exclusive key fob made by our pals at Smathers and Branson.

For a chance to win, like, share, and comment so that we know you want in! The winner will be announced on this post at the end of the day or buy this online at lukeslobster.com/shop., We're gearin' up for the holidays. We have just the things for any Luke's lover! lukeslobster.com/shop, Time to start your post-Thanksgiving diet? 380 calories never looked better., Hope you saved some room after Thanksgiving...because it's time for Lobster Grilled Cheese after your Black Friday run!, We're closed today and thankful to be up in Maine with the fam for the holiday! Have a Luke's style Thanksgiving at our Park Slope shack any other day of the year!, We're proud to be a small, family business! #ShopSmall with us this Saturday for Small Business Saturday. Check out Ben and Al Roker talkin' lobster rolls on NBC News!, Some days you crave a bit of all three!, Some awesome Maine made crafts perfect for holiday entertaining! lukeslobster.com/shop, Frigid air means clam chowda is back!, Everyone needs a place to wipe their feet. Get Penny's reclaimed float rope doormats from lukeslobster.com/shop!, We're off to meet the wizard, the wonderful wizard of CLAWS!, Send some holiday lobster love! DIY kits available at lukeslobster.com/shop, Thinking about holiday gifts already? So are we. Check out some cool Maine made exclusives from our craftsmen partners at www.lukeslobster.com/shop!, Where's your lobster from? Ask us!, "Lobster rolls taste better with beer," said everyone., Does chowda taste better in a Peasley Pottery lobsta chowda bowl? Find out! lukeslobster.com/shop, Checking for lobsters that aren't too big or too small! Sustainable fishing., We source our lobster from Stonington, Acadia and other Maine harbors. Ask our crew where your catch came from today!, Maine craftsmen hitting up Park Slope with their gear this Sunday, 2-6pm! Come for chowda samples, leave with holiday gifts., Getting married? Start your planning at Toasted Wedding Event in Brooklyn this Sunday! Tix: http://toastedbk.bpt.me/, "Luke, I am your lobster!", What would you eat for 380 calories? *Lobster Roll*, Sunday football. Perfect for ordering in!, Traceability--this means we know the exact harbor where our lobstermen get our lobster!, Because you don't have to choose between lobster, crab or shrimp!, More chalkboard puns--who didn't love reading Lukesbumps growing up?, When fall's in the air, those soups come out!, Did you know that we can trace every lobster roll from Maine waters to your hand? TRUTH., Took 10 lobsters-worth of knuckles and claws to make these two rolls. That's a whole lot of lobster!, Did you know our small chowder is only 140 calories? Get on it!, Editing our cookbook, Real Maine Food. Coming soon in 2015!, Some pun fun for Halloween!, (Mayo-less!) Slaw is arguably just as perfect with our lobster roll! Lobstagram via @sofievalkiers., Checking our watches for Happy Hour! Half off all Maine microbrews!, Traceable, sustainable seafood., That time we cooked up lobster at Crown Vic Bar!, Time for a shrimp close-up!, Kickin' back with a couple of Maine microbrews this Friday!, I spy blueberry pie...only at #parkslope!, Congrats mobsta!, No joke--it takes the knuckles and claws of five lobsters to make this!, Our Midtown East location has a zen waterfall. Come by for lobster rolls and some peace!, We use only the sweetest shrimp for these babies!, Showin' the young ones how to pull lobster traps!, Love a good pun!, Feel guiltless eating 2 when they're only 380 calories each!, Sydney, 95 years old, couldn't have been more stoked for his lobster roll delivery from us and Citymeals-on-Wheels! "I'll trade you the lobster for those ladies," he said, still a sharpshooter., Check our chalkboard for today's lobster catch!, She's gunnin' for that lobster roll!, Brother Holden pulling first trap of the evening! Got 4 keepers from 10 traps!, Last chance to buy tix to tomorrow's Taste of Rittenhouse! lukeslobster.com/shop/taste-of-rittenhouse, Remember the time we celebrated our birthday with 200 lobster cupcakes last Wednesday? Wish we had 200 more. Here's to 5 awesome years!, New tap system at Park Slope. It's 5:30pm somewhere, folks!, Looking for some fun this Sunday? Get tix to Taste of Rittenhouse to sample from Luke's Lobster (us!), HipCityVeg, Good Stuff Eatery, Insomnia Cookies, honeygrow, & Capogiro Gelato Artisans! lukeslobster.com/shop/taste-of-rittenhouse, Fall is in the air. Fill up on lobster bisque!, Lookin' perfect for those paparazzi shots!, Nothin' better than seafood with a view!, Have a clawsome day!, That time we had a ribbon cutting ceremony at Park Slope. Happy one week anniversary!, Yep, 5 lobsters worth of knuckles and claws went into this baby!, Celebrating 5 years of lobster roll slingin' today! Get $5 off any order over $15 at all shacks today. Limit one per customer., Lobsta Mobstas save some room for your favorite seafood rolls! Tomorrow we take $5 off any order over $15 to celebrate our 5th year anniversary! *Limit one per person while supplies last., Who loves lobster tails? We're selling raw tail kits at lukeslobster.com/seafood!, A few weeks ago, VP Ben Conniff showed DC Central Kitchen how to cook live lobster!, He looks ready for his lobster roll! Lobstagram via @patrickcoppola., 380 calories for a roll means you can get THIS excited! Lobstagram via @tracyholloway1., On October 1st, we'll be celebrating our 5th anniversary! To celebrate, we're taking $5 off any order over $15 at every shack. Nauti Mobile will make a special Wednesday appearance at Pier 13 Hoboken! The first 200 lobsta mobstas ordering at the original East Village location will receive a free lobster frosted "funfetti" cupcake from our pals at Butter Lane Cupcakes just down 7th Street!

*Limit one per person. Valid only on October 1, 2014., Cheers to our Park Slope location! Open at noon with beers on tap., A Midtown oasis that also serves lobster? Win., Lobstarry Night. A masterpiece by our chalk artist, Allison Casey!, Our fan favorite shot this Tuesday! Lobstagram via @nanamybrass., Couple weeks ago, we partnered with City Harvest to sample a fresh healthy caraway coleslaw recipe from our upcoming cookbook Real Maine Food!, Seen me? Read me! Featuring works from our talented teammates., Not a bad way to kick off your Saturday!, Now serving draft beers, wines by the glass and sailors' favorite cocktails at Georgetown!, We can cater to you! lukeslobster.com/catering, For you and a friend! Lobstagram via @alaashaker., Did you know you could make these at home? Check out our DIY kit at lukeslobster.com/seafood!, Takes the knuckles and claws of five lobsters to make one of these!, 10% of our sales tonight is donated to The Food Trust, DC Central Kitchen & CityHarvest! Eat up., Setting traps and watching the sunrise!, Catch up with a friend about this lovely summer over this! Lobstagram via @nfayem., Officially naming Friday double lobster roll day. Lobstagram via @mrlynl., Tell us your best crab pun while you nosh on this roll! Lobstagram via @kauff_drop., Bite of lobster, bite of pickle--most refreshing meal you'll have this Wednesday!, Seen me? I'll tell you where today's lobster is from! Lobstagram via @nooch58., Have you visited us in Midtown East? Come today!, Last days of summer folks--buy our tail kit from Gilt and grill! bit.ly/1lLHiul, Shout out to Hoboken--love you lobsta mobstas! Lobstagram via @gelinee., Best lobster roll top shot of this week goes to @camilleggdn!, Where does our lobster come from? Look here!, Why choose when you can eat all three?, Chuggin' through Union Station? Grab your lobster roll to go from our kiosk!, Every month we donate 10% of each Monday night's sales to a different community initiative in all of our cities. This month, we'll be contributing to City Harvest in NY, DC Central Kitchen in DC and The Food Trust in Philly. See www.lukeslobster.com/community to find out more!, Nothin' better than a lobster roll and chowda for the long weekend! Lobstagram via @shuwentang., Can you believe our 1st location in the East Village is turning FIVE this October? Stay tuned for our anniversary specials! Lobstagram via @megh_d., It takes five lobsters worth of knuckles and claws to make ONE Luke's Lobster Roll!, Say hi to this happy lobsta mobsta! Lobstagram via @kristy_greene., It's true--we serve beer buckets (6 brews for $18) all day at Midtown East!, Not so subliminal messaging: lobster roll catering is a GREAT idea. lukeslobster.com/catering, Grab your officemates for happy hour! Officially starts at 4pm., Winner, winner lobster dinner (lunch)!, A trip to Maine is essential for the summer!, 380 calories for a lobster roll! Now that's some guiltless eating this Friday., We're doubling the dose of our brainpower with two lobster rolls' worth of selenium today!, You could see this view at Luke's Brooklyn Bridge Park! Lobstagram via @bizfiz., When life gives you lobster rolls, you eat them in the park! Lobstagram via @hanna_na_na_na., "I'd eat here." -Beyonce (probably), It's Sunday. Why not eat all 4? Lobstagram via @eun_bi., Check out these lobsta mobstas! Snap your own at Brooklyn Bridge Park. Lobstagram via @ljwright590., Don't forget Allagash is 50% off during happy hour today from 4-7pm!, Don't forget your lobster rolls with 50% off happy hour microbrews! 4-7pm today., Perfect for Wednesday date night! Lobstagram via @stephieeb_., This little lobsta roll got the New York City view! Lobstagram via @munchiezmelissa., Today you're craving crab and shrimp rolls! Lobstagram via @s_spicysugar., One Luke's lobster roll is less than 400 calories you say? Time to eat two!, Pack the perfect picnic! Lobstagram via @angelawang_, Reward yourself this Friday. Have two! Lobstagram via @choccovmemories., Did you know our lobster roll is only 380 calories? It makes having that chowda almost guiltless! Lobstagram via @phleats., Someone knows how to throw a party! Lobstagram via @reyoflightny., Hitching a ride to lobster heaven! Lobstagram via @lgibberish., Tell us your favorite combo! Lobstagram via @rachelzanders., Head to our Brooklyn Bridge Park location and strike your best lobster pose! Lobstagram via @lattesandjuice., Today we're giving a shout-out to all our mobstas in Hoboken! This roll's to you., Someone threw a crab claw party! Lobstagram via @tinaheathschuttenberg., Beer heaven = lobster rolls and 50% off all Maine microbrews during happy hour (4pm today)!, Craving a little bit of everything! Lobstagram via @wrecklesschef., A lobster roll and chowda makes Mondays infinitely better! Lobstagram via @yumcrispypata., A perfect lobster roll with a perfect view! Only at Brooklyn Bridge Park. Lobstagram via @alexanderhuezo., A lobster boat trip never hurt anyone!, Tempting you this Friday! Lobstagram via @theemporiyum., Our friends at Butterlane bakery made these awesome lobster-topped cupcakes!, Have you checked out our shiny patio at Midtown East yet? It's a must!, We have the sweetest Maine shrimp. Agree? Lobstagram via @snackfixation., You can make these at home with our DIY kit! lukeslobster.com/seafood, The best things come in 3's! Lobstagram via @ninzeey., Lookin' like it wants to get eaten!, Top shot from @ssanddyy!, What's your poison? Half off beers Happy Hour starts at 4pm!, Getting ready for the grand reveal!, Miss lobster grilled cheese? We're still selling them at Georgetown and the East Village!, We never miss out on Lobster Shack in Cape Elizabeth when in Maine!, Midtown-ers keep your eyes peeled! We'll be open on 44th between 2nd and 3rd soon., Nice looking spread for lunch today! Lobstagram via @seaminerals., Hard to refuse 50% off all beers during happy hour! M-F from 4-7pm., How to make a lobster roll from the man himself!, Some days you want lobster, some days you want shrimp. Today you want both. Lobstagram via @pevangelista_ny., How does a Maine microbrew to top off the long weekend sound?, Hungover from fireworks? Eat a Taste of Maine. Lobstagram via @foodnommin., Who says we're all work and no play?! Happy 4th of July!, Twinsies! Lobstagram via @jillfutter., The world says you need this blueberry crumb bar!, Pssst--Happy Hour at Luke's is 50% off M-F from 4-7pm! Secret's out., Taste testing artichoke crab dip is on Monday's agenda!, Starting Sunday right with an early sunrise in #Maine., Feelin' shrimpy!, We know what's cookin' this weekend! #TGIF, Get an extra dose of brain power with lobster's selenium! Lobstagram via @zeboy., Lobster is tasty in the belly and tasteful on your feet! Photo cred: Coach., May we suggest grilled cheese and a lobster roll this Tuesday? Lobstagram via @spiffyeats., Start the week right!, Nauti Mobile Sunday at Pier 13 Hoboken, anyone? Lobstagram via @shrutikaaaa., A bit of backyard fishing in the Saco River this Saturday morning! Photo cred: @bferry @harrys, It's lobster boil season, folks! Make it your weekend plan!, Special Nauti Mobile appearance in front of our soon to be Midtown East shop in the next few weeks!, Ditch the office for lobster lunch at the park! Lobstagram via @julialin21., Hear Luke talk sustainability at Taste Talks D.C. today from 6:30-8:30pm!, Our favorite lobster roll beauty shot this Monday! Congrats @tanyatlin!, Perfect that Father's Day and National Lobster Day landed on the same day!, Poised shrimp rolls photobombed by sneaky fingers!, Eat lobster for good luck on Friday the 13th! Lobstagram via @manifeastdestiny., Throwing a party? We have the space and the lobster! www.lukeslobster.com/catering, Upgrade your lobster roll combo with Allagash this humpday! Lobstagram via @offdisplanet., Yes, our Maine lobster is sustainably fished!, Lobster or crab? Monday's big debate. Lobstagram via @cathycc11., Here's to summer feasting! Lobstagram via @micheleeec_., Father's Day falls on National Lobster Day. We're all fated to send dad a lobster roll kit! www.lukeslobster.com/seafood, #LOBSTERRUMBLE here we come. Vote for your favorite two time champ!, Two lobster rolls and Allagash is today's humpday remedy!, Spotted Lobzilla at the East Village!, Feels like a Noah's Ark kind of Monday! Lobstagram via @samwon., From 6/1-6/10, we're donating to (RED) when you eat lobster rolls! Join us to #86AIDS!, Eating lobster rolls al fresco!, Luke and Nick Lachey breakdown lobster on VH1 Big Morning Buzz Live Show!, Keep tabs on Nauti Mobile at www.nautimobile.com! 23rd & Park today., Your humpday remedy!, Lobster is (RED)! Eat lobster rolls and help support the fight against AIDS from 6/1-6/10!, Memorial Day shenanigans!, This should be your Sunday. Nauti Mobile is at pier 13 in Hoboken!, Scene from Portland Wharf!, Someone's getting lucky today! Lobstagram via @lawrencejr., Corn pudding and blueberry sauce--we taste summer!, Half eaten and still beautiful., Eat a grilled cheese because it's Tuesday!, Some days we taste test pies!, Sunday means Nauti Mobile is at Pier 13 in Hoboken! Come say hey!, Out for the freshest catch!, What we made then ate last week at Supper Club! Lobster pot pie., Best friends! Lobstagram via @berniseewsc., Check out Backyard Farms "My Maine Meal" contest on Pinterest and maybe win a dream meal in Maine! mainemeal.backyardfarms.com, Just like reading the Times!, A sight we never get tired of! Lobstagram via @rebeccatob., Loving all moms on mom's day!, Yes, we ate all five trays of smelt! #Maine, Because we love moms, 10% off catering for all this Sunday! www.lukeslobster.com/catering, Get your crab claw party hats on via Gilt City in D.C., Philly, New York & Atlanta!, Smashing crab claws is the new stress detox! Check Gilt City for our crab claw kits immediately!, Great food that you can get behind and not feel guilty eating! Lobstagram via @sarahgreatorex., What we call the perfect package. Lobstagram via @ericbittman, A little #GameOfThrones fun! Lobstagram via @alphamunkee, Seeing double! Lobstagram via @_maryliza, Sunshine + lobster roll = all you need this Friday!, We love a grand opening! Now selling lobster rolls at Union Station D.C.!, Have mom's day catered! And get 10% off! www.lukeslobster.com/catering, The perfect gift for the perfect mom! www.lukeslobster.com/seafood, Noah's Ark to kick-off the week, anyone?, What did we do with those shingles? Turned them into signs!, Eleven stores deep, we still love getting hands-on with some shingles painting!, One of a kind mackerel pastrami--only at our Supper Club this May! http://bit.ly/1gDgClV, $30 gets you Taste of Maine, chowder and an ice cream sandwich for Bethesda #RestaurantWeek dinner!, Beauty close-up! Lobstagram via @schondel., Bethesda #RestaurantWeek is happening all week--$15 for lunch gets you a shrimp roll, chowder, chips, soda and ice cream sandwich!, THE perfect pair! Lobstagram via @bpvny., Don't miss out on celebrating sustainability with us at our Supper Club 5/7 & 5/8! Tickets sold here: http://bit.ly/1gDgClV., How to enjoy this in-between-seasons kind of weather! Lobstagram via @ennedee, Hey #Philly--we're offering 10% off your Easter catering order! www.lukeslobster.com/catering, Imagine 10 of these...for 10% off this Easter when you order Luke's catering (in Philly only)! www.lukeslobster.com/catering, You'll love us forever after you taste this corn pudding! Only at our Supper Club from 5/7-5/8 for Sustainable Seafood Week: http://bit.ly/1gDgClV., Feels like a half roll & soup kind of day! Lobstagram via @itsfelixx., Lobster doesn't get better than this! Lobstagram via @jj_rky., Tastes better with beer--100% guaranteed!, It's a two roll and slaw kind of Saturday!, Mobstas, thanks for voting! We won Best of D.C.'s seafood category because of you!, You want lobster, crab AND shrimp! Lobstagra via @jeanie_jang., The best kind of knuckle (and claw) sandwich! Lobstagram via @goodfoodgoodlife_, In heaven. Lobstagram via @sneakermike., If you liked us, then you should've put a pin on it!, Best lobster AND value according to @kenjilopezalt from Serious Eat! http://newyork.seriouseats.com/2014/04/best-lobster-rolls-nyc.html?ref=title, Cured mackerel is all yours if you come to our Supper Club! Buy tickets for 5/7-5/8 from http://sustainableseafoodsupperclub.brownpapertickets.com!, Best way to walk and eat!, Serving lobster pot pie at our Supper Club! Buy tickets from http://sustainableseafoodsupperclub.brownpapertickets.com and profits go to Maine Lobster Marketing Collaborative!, Who's a fan of lobster rolls?!, Supper Club tickets for Sustainable Seafood Week now at: http://sustainableseafoodsupperclub.brownpapertickets.com! All profits go to Maine Lobster Marketing Collaborative., FiDi got a make-over!, Eating whole crab claws this Sunday!, In dire need of beach season right now!, Some giggles from our East Village chalkboard this Friday!, March Madness munchies!, This makes us happy on humpday! Lobstagram via @tredeejay, It's a half roll and chowda kinda day! Lobstagram via @jolieeeng, A dose of selenium in lobster is good for your brain! Lobstagram via @sarahparkevents., Breaking out that grill!, How many can you eat?, Today we're reliving last year's lobster boil!, Is it ice cream sandwich weather yet? Available in D.C. & Philly., Those of you who don't live near a Luke's can still eat our lobster rolls! Order our DIY kit from www.lukeslobster.com/seafood., Our favorite food group. Lobstagram via @honeybeeex., Loading up on these before St. Patty's shenanigans!, Claws make the perfect side!, Best snack ever!, Three are better than one!, "BEST FOOD EVER." We tend to agree!, We've got the secret spice to life!, Nothin' better than lobster and chowda at your desk. Lobstagram via @x_stah_pher, To celebrate our 10K Likes on Facebook, we're giving out one golden ticket at each of our locations (except Brooklyn Bridge Park & Nauti Mobile) today! Each golden ticket is valid for a $100 Luke's gift card. Eat lobster rolls to see if you're one of our 9 lucky Lobsta Mobstas!, Some days you crave all three. Lobstagram via @snackfixation., Match made in heaven. Lobstagram via @eat_like_a_man., Savor that last bite! Lobstagram via @thaniszewski., null, Tomorrow is the last day of lobster grilled cheese! Make it count., Double the fun!, Taste of Seventh is happening this weekend to officially kick-off spring with the best of the block! Buy your tickets before they're gone at www.lukeslobster.com/shop/tasteofseventh., Top shot! Lobstagram via @for_the_hyunh., Warm weather and a lobster boil. Wishful thinking?, Last day for NYC Beer Week Dinner for 2! Visit FiDi, UES or UWS for 1 lobster roll, 1 crab roll, 1 shrimp roll, 2 half soups & 3 Maine craft beers for $50!, Crossing our fingers for Best of D.C. win! http://bit.ly/1aHS0qE, Just one more day to vote http://bit.ly/1aHS0qE! Lobstagram via @chouity., Lobster rolls make a splash at weddings!, Get it before it's gone!, Sip Maine microbrews for NYC Beer Week and eat all of this! *FiDi, UES, UWS only., Nice aerial view! Lobstagram via @liz_fitzstagram., In need of a feast! Lobstagram via @vivvcheung., We're celebrating NYC Beer Week with dinner for 2 which includes: a lobster, crab, and shrimp roll, a soup, and a sampler of three Maine craft beers for $50. Now thru 3/1 at FiDi, UES, UWS., A round of applause for our talented staff!

http://www.qsrmagazine.com/news/lukes-lobster-leverages-literary-laborers, Now serving small soups at Penn Quarter & Philly for those who want just a touch of warmth! Lobstagram via @little_meg_siu_meg., Sweet dreams are made of shrimp! Lobstagram via @little_meg_siu_meg, Share this message with your friends! We have something fun in store when we reach our goal!, Our tables are proud to be Maine Made in the Holden woodshop!, How about some lobster for your wedding spread?, Major sweet tooth today at The Plaza Food Hall!, Don't forget to vote for us for Best of D.C. at http://bit.ly/1aHS0qE! Lobstagram via @uu_na., Which genre of music appeals to most cheeses? R'n'Brie! (We use gruyere in our lobster grilled cheese)., A gift that says love--DIY seafood kits. www.lukeslobster.com/seafood, Celebrate love with friends, lovers, and family with our...

Lobster Lovers Meal for 2 at $36 ($40 with beer) includes: 2 lobster rolls, 2 sodas (beers), 2 pickles, 2 chips & a chowda. From 2/10-2/17., We outdid our lobster tail eating record!, Hard to eat just one! Lobstagram via @hbhjr., Vote for us for Best of D.C. at http://bit.ly/1aHS0qE! Thanks & Happy Friday!, We spy Empress Claws! Lobstagram via @indionapolis500., Can we say best chowda ever especially in this weather? Like our friends at Hurricane's Premium Soup & Chowder From Maine!, Secret spice-dusted beauty. Lobstagram via @jenyuan_genuine., Who's in need of a lobster grilled cheese delivery?!, Making many of these for the Super Bowl!, Something magical is happening under the Brooklyn Bridge in this mid-40s weather!, Join us at The Plaza Food Hall for the Souper Bowl! Get a free chowda with a Taste of Maine this weekend!, Noah's Ark--perfect for two or one (for the hungry)!, Order Luke's Super Bowl catering and get a FREE lobster grilled cheese when you bring back the receipt! www.lukeslobster.com/catering, On today's must-do list!, Fact: our steamed lobster, crab and shrimp are low in fat!, How champs get ready for Super Bowl XLVIII. lukeslobster.com/catering, The real deal. #Maine, We love to cater! lukeslobster.com/catering, Cozy in koozies. Happy hour everyday at 4pm! *FiDi, UES, UWS, Penn Quarter Bethesda only., Humpday is a lobster roll and a half kind of day., Empress Claws--now with Taste of Maine & Noah's Ark! *At participating locations., Order Luke's Super Bowl catering and get a FREE lobster grilled cheese when you bring back the receipt.

www.lukeslobster.com/catering

*Lobster grilled cheese can be redeemed in-store only by February 28, 2014. Offer not valid for The Plaza Food Hall., Something to get excited about on Monday!, Nothing tastes better on game day than some fresh Maine seafood -- go New England Patriots!, When in Maine, eat local oysters! http://ow.ly/i/4jT7M, Lobster grilled cheese doesn't get better than this bad boy!, Are you ready for some AFC/NFC championship football? Not if you haven't placed your roll order. lukeslobster.com/catering, It's the simple things in life that are the best., Well, hello there., You know you want it..., Focus on lunch., Two rolls are better than one., It may be a relative heat wave, but we've got two ways for you to stay warm..., There's a familiar face in Forbes' 30 under 30! http://onforb.es/1dqj8ux, Maine: It does a body good., Fresh Maine lobster is so photogenic., Make the most of your snow day!, Say cheese!, Happy new year! Stay warm, be cool., End 2013 right, Mobstas! Thanks for another wicked awesome year!, Ain't she a beaut?, Wolf it down., "No one makes a lobster roll like Luke's Lobster", On the twelfth day of Christmas Luke's Lobster gave to me, a Noah's Ark for one lucky winner!

LIKE our post for a chance to win! Please check your 'Messages' under 'Other' or check the comments of our posts to see if you're our lucky winner., On the eleventh day of Christmas Luke's Lobster gave to me, a lobster roll upgrade to a combo at any of our locations when you mention 12 Days of Christmas today!, On the tenth day of Christmas Luke's Lobster gave to me, a dollar off any order at any of our locations when you mention 12 Days of Christmas today!, On the ninth day of Christmas Luke's Lobster gave to me, a tshirt to get you in the holiday spirit!

LIKE our post for a chance to win a tshirt (color & size of your choosing). Please check your 'Messages' under 'Other' or check the comments of our posts to see if you're our lucky winner., On the eighth day of Christmas Luke's Lobster gave to me, a basketful of party pack essentials!

LIKE our post for a chance to win 4 Maine Root sodas, 4 Cape Cod chips, 4 whoopie pies & 2 Luke's sunglasses. Please check your 'Messages' under 'Other' or check the comments of our posts to see if you're our lucky winner., On the seventh day of Christmas Luke's Lobster gave to me, a date night with a lover or a friend!

LIKE our post for a chance to win two lobster roll combos plus a soup! Please check your 'Messages' under 'Other' or check the comments of our posts to see if you're our lucky winner., On the sixth day of Christmas Luke's Lobster gave to me, 25% off catering to one jolly winner!

LIKE our post for a chance to win! Please check your 'Messages' under 'Other' or check the comments of our posts to see if you're our lucky winner., On the fifth day of Christmas Luke's Lobster gave to me, a free lobster grilled cheese for one lucky winner!

All you have to do is LIKE this post for a chance to win!, On the fourth day of Christmas Luke's Lobster gave to me, a free lobster roll at Brooklyn Bridge Park!

All you have to do is LIKE our posts for a chance to win!, On the third day of Christmas Luke's Lobster gave to me, a free half shrimp roll with the purchase of soup!, On the second day of Christmas Luke's Lobster gave to me, double stamps on everyone's Mobsta Lobsta card!

Today when you enjoy a lobster roll, Taste of Maine, or Noah's Ark, you'll receive 2 stamps!, On the first day of Christmas Luke's Lobster gave to me, 10% off catering for 10 lucky winners!

All you have to do is LIKE our posts from 12/14-12/25 for a chance to win our daily 12 Days of Christmas giveaways!, Brrr...we know how to warm you up!, Go to town., We're giving aways presents from December 14th through December 25th for the 12 Days of Christmas! All we need from you is to check our Facebook daily and LIKE our post to enter our giveaway selection.

Every morning starting the 14th, we will post a lovely photo of the prize. We'll choose and contact our winner(s) by 6pm on that day, so keep your eyes peeled on those Facebook inboxes. It could be you!, Tis the season. Get lobster rolls delivered to your door! http://bit.ly/14oiH2d, "This is the best seafood sandwich ever!!!" - @gals_insta, Make the holidays even happier., You're working for the weekend -- treat yourself., Deck the halls with lots of lobster! #falalobster, Have a wicked Wednesday., DIY your dinner anywhere in America with our lobster roll kits! http://bit.ly/14oiH2d, Monday need not be mundane., Our mustaches are gone, and the holidays are around the corner -- happy December!, Remember to Shop Small and support your local small businesses (like us!) today, Black Friday fuel..., Happy Thanksgiving, from ME to you!, Small Business Saturday is 11/30 -- register your Amex card at shopsmall.com and you'll get credit on your statement when you shop small. This means free lobster rolls!, You should start stretching your stomach for Turkey Day today., A delicious lobster roll hinges on fresh Maine lobster (and some drawn butter)., Tis the season...for feeding friends and family delicious lobster., "I want another one.", Lactose-tolerant Mobstas, get in on this!, Sometimes you just want a little bit of everything., Soup and grilled cheese, just like mom made them!, Go big or go home. We like your style, @sophiaanais!, Sriracha, anyone?, Have yourself a crabby Saturday., Already thinking about holiday gift ideas? Our DIY seafood kits are perfect for the food lover in your life! http://lukeslobster.com/seafood, Brrrr...we'll warm you up with lobster grilled cheese!, Winter is coming -- and the winter menu hath arrived. Lobster grilled cheese and lobster mac & cheese await you... http://lukeslobster.com/menu, Fight the Mondays., Double trouble., We're very photogenic., Happy Movember! We're growing Mos, and we'll donate $1 to the cause for every Shipyard Chamberlain (check out his Mo) sold., Get excited...We're a week away from the winter menu, which features Lobster Mac & Cheese!, Planning a holiday party? We can help!, Brr...We've got what you need to stay warm!, How many rolls do you think a NYC marathon runner could eat after crossing the finish line?, Everybody's working for the weekend...so they can do this., Happy Halloween from Luke, circa 2009! #tbt, Three's company., "Treat yourself, don't cheat yourself.", Like if you love lobster, slaw, corn, blueberry cake, potatoes, microbrews and/or drawn buttah., Our lobster boil was wicked delicious., Alas, lobster is served at our lobster boil!, Our lobster boil is tomorrow at Brooklyn Bridge Park! Get ready for cider, blueberry treats, corn and many pounds of fresh Maine lobster! http://bit.ly/1chCY0o, We have New York's #1 lobster roll, says Village Voice! http://bit.ly/Hen3C9, Cheer up, it's Hump Day!, Fall is coming...we'll keep you warm!, The best $8 you'll spend all week., Game day, baby -- feed the team well!, We're wicked excited for our first-ever Lobster Boil on 10/26! Get your ticket so you can dig in --> http://bit.ly/19Qf3BC, Get your fix!, Don't fight the craving., Our first-ever LOBSTER BOIL is on 10/26! Live music, Peak beer, corn, slaw, blueberry cake, hot apple cider and LOTS OF LOBSTER. Get your ticket now: http://bit.ly/19Qf3BC, Some big Ws this weekend -- show us the New England love!, A roll for every taste., Happy hour starts soon..., Now *this* is a meal., Our chowder and 1/2 roll combo is one of Village Voice's 100 favorite dishes! http://bit.ly/19A5DWA, A character in the new novel The Rosie Project makes lobster every Tuesday. To celebrate the book launch, we partnered with Simon & Schuster to give away lobster rolls and books!, Just focus on lunch., Add some "funday" to your Sunday..., Variety is the spice of life. So are our secret spices., Life's a party. Eat many lobster rolls!, What's your favorite menu item?, 4 years ago today, we opened doors in the East Village. If you come by and redeem a Lobsta Mobsta card at the EV today, we'll give you a Luke's tee, too!, You know you want it., Luke got his old boat up and running! She's a cruiser., Have yourself a nice little Saturday., Tis the season -- wash down your lobster roll with pumpkin beer!, The Beatles were almost right -- all you need is love AND some lobster., The chill of fall is coming -- but we'll keep you warm with toasted buns and hot chowda!, No lobster salad here -- just pure chunks of fresh Maine lobster!, Someone had a good weekend..., It's game day, baby -- be the halftime hero., Luke and Ben are "young guns" in this Fox Business segment! http://bit.ly/1fk38hR, Who's up for date night at Luke's?, Solid pairing., Betcha can't have just one..., Lookin good., You can't not be the happiest person around when you get a Taste of Maine., All buttered up., Rejoice, we have gluten-friendly rolls!, Thirsty Thursdays! Polish off that lobster roll with a swig of a Maine microbrew!, A little trip to Nauti never hurt anyone., Watch Luke break down a softshell Maine lobster in 15 seconds! http://instagram.com/p/byntuvpndU/, Don't let Monday get you down., We won at the Vendy Awards! You love us, you really love us!, Wish us luck -- your favorite lobster roll truck is vying for a win at today's Vendy Awards!, His and hers., We got Luke's koozies in stock just in time for football season!, Headed back to school? Students get double stamps on their Lobsta Mobsta cards during September!, Summer's over, but your lobster roll obsession isn't., Enjoy the fruits of your labor., This a vending machine that dispenses live bait. Only in Maine..., Lobster rolls are a perfect centerpiece for your Labor Day BBQ. (Just sayin'), Does lunch get any better than lobster, crab, shrimp, Maine Root and some kettle chips? Didn't think so., Are you a fan?, Get some tail at our Maine Market in Georgetown! http://bit.ly/1aMmVWM, Go overboard., Stellar Sunday., It's a beautiful day for fresh Maine seafood!, Our Maine Market is open in Georgetown -- pick up live lobster, frozen lobster tails and other Maine wares! http://bit.ly/12tFABM, Your favorite lobster roll is a finalist in the Vendy Awards! http://bit.ly/15dnsgh, Our Maine Market launches in Georgetown tomorrow -- pick up Maine wares, live lobsters and frozen lobster tails! (Don't worry, we'll give you some recipes!), Is your stomach growling for dinner yet?, The money shot., Be the office hero -- order Luke's Lobster for lunch!, Fisher -- the boat Luke built in high school -- is getting a facelift. What color should we paint her? Tell us in the comments!, Savor the summer -- make your own lobster rolls with our DIY kit! lukeslobster.com/seafood, Beer fans rejoice--all day happy hour starts today at all DC locations! #TGIF, Eat up, Mobstas., Happy hump day., The butter makes it better., Cure the Mondays., This magician + lobster roll clip will blow your mind. http://on.today.com/1cqDxF8, "Heaven on earth.", End the week right, Mobstas., Go to town., Have you tasted Maine lately?, Order office delivery and you'll realize how good a lobster roll looks on your desk., Bliss in a box., Share a Noah's Ark with someone special., After the annual TD Beach to Beacon 10K Road Race in Maine, we're really craving a lobster roll..., Lunch for one, please., Side view., How to get through hump day..., Wicked pretty lobster roll., Model Ji Hye Park went to town at the Plaza! http://instagram.com/modeljihyepark, Who doesn't love a Taste of Maine?, More lobster, please., It's 5 o'clock somewhere. End the week with happy hour at UES, UWS, FiDi, Penn Quarter, Bethesda and Philly!, We've got the Golden Ticket! Try the Violet Beauregard Luke's Lobster x No. 7 Sub sammy while watching 'Willy Wonka' at Brooklyn Bridge Park tonight!, This is our kind of feast., Don't let these little shrimps fool you -- they're "surprisingly flavorful." http://bit.ly/17yU57v, A royal baby calls for a regal lunch., Variety is the spice of life., Stay cool out there, Mobstas., We're partnering with No. 7 Sub for themed sandwiches during the Brooklyn Bridge Park film series! Check out this week's sammy: http://bit.ly/1aVwseU, We find that the best way to cool off in this oppressive heat is to eat a lobster roll with a cold soda, and pretend we're on the rocky shores of Maine., Who needs a table? PS- I made this...'s lap works just fine for a Taste of Maine., Lobster roll + shrimp roll + extra spices + chips + Lobsta Mobsta card + IPA = BLISS., Two lobster rolls > one lobster roll., Maine lobster and ales cure what ails you. #SundayFunday, Rollin' with the homies., TGIF -- plan a lobster picnic for the weekend!, What's for lunch?, PSA: If you're watching your figure during beach season, you can get slaw instead of kettle chips!, Seriously now, how many of these delicious rolls could/would you eat in one sitting?, Summer Mondays mean movies and lobster rolls in Bryant Park!, Everyone loves a lobster Sunday., Trying to plan the perfect date? Here's one idea... http://bit.ly/12EUAba, Who doesn't love a little bit of everything?, We love America so much that we're celebrating with happy hour all day at Penn Quarter and Bethesda!, Post a #redwhitenblueberry Instagram by July 5 and you could win a lobster roll and chowda!, This roll is worth traveling for http://bit.ly/12ze7Oz...or you can order it right to your front door http://bit.ly/14oiH2d..., You can make this beautiful lobster roll at home (and 3 more)! Order your DIY lobster kit at lukeslobster.com/seafood!, Dig in., Order your DIY lobster kit by 2pm EST on Tuesday July 2nd so you can have a lobster roll feast on the 4th of July! http://lukeslobster.com/seafood, What's better than a lobster roll? One you don't have to wait in line for! Enter our iPhone app, available for Georgetown now, other locations soon! http://bit.ly/11SkVnv, This lobster roll is just $10 today at our Nauti Mobile (56 & B'way) and Brooklyn Bridge Park locations today -- and the proceeds go to Sandy relief!, null, Now through July 4, Instagram a patriotic pic and tag it #RedWhitenBlueberry for a chance win a lobster, chowder and soda!, Movies and lobster rolls in Bryant Park -- we love summer Mondays!, Sunshine and lobster rolls are a match made in heaven., Have yourself a nice little Saturday, Claw and knuckle meat is where it's at!, Someone's ready for their close-up., The new slogan of Portland, Maine, is "Yes. Life's good here." We agree. http://bit.ly/11LUT3K, Today's forecast: Sunny with a chance of lobster., It's a perfect day for a lobster roll and a movie at the Bryant Park Film Festival! Join us today -- and every summer Monday -- from 4-10pm!, Happy Father's Day to Jeff and all the wonderful dads out there! We love you!, Happy National Lobster Day! We're giving an extra stamp on Lobsta Mobsta cards when you buy a lobster roll, Taste of Maine or Noah's Ark today!, These rolls are shipping up to Boston -- we're at the Supply Good pop-up shop at 144 Newbury St all weekend!, Saturday is National Lobster Day -- will you celebrate with the best roll in town? http://bit.ly/18BZUp8, 3 steps to a perfect picnic -- all Luke's shacks are close to a park! http://nyti.ms/14wHKAT, Two rolls are better than one., We love dad, and dad loves Luke's. Order a DIY Lobster Kit by 2pm today, so you can treat him on Father's Day! http://lukeslobster.com/seafood, Get Nauti at Gov Ball!, Taste of Maine is all that and a bag of chips for $20!, TGIF. This weekend you can find us in Manhattan, Brooklyn, Philly, Bethesda, DC and on Randall's Island for The Governors Ball Music Festival!, Who will prevail at Tasting Table's Lobster Rumble tonight? We've won twice, and we're going for victory #3!, It's Philly Beer Week -- BYO Maine beer to Luke's and get an extra stamp on your Lobsta Mobsta card!, "The folks at Luke’s are masters, and they have perfected their rolls." http://bit.ly/11pIfvn, This is one of America's best lobster rolls. Just ask Food & Wine! http://bit.ly/11ix0l5, Eat up!, Sorry Mother Nature, but a few thunderstorms can't get in the way of this., Want to know more about Luke's Lobster and our fresh seafood? Watch this video: http://bit.ly/13tc8cU, Summer most definitely calls for lobster rolls in the park, don't you think?, Recognize this face? Luke is newly named 'Sexiest Chef' #18 on Business Insider! http://read.bi/ZkG2Rc, Like having options? Good, because we have a new side -- mayo-less slaw!, null, Summer has arrived, and we know just the thing to help you cool off., You really can have it all., Just found out we're in Inc. Magazine's 30 Under 30! Wicked awesome -- check it out! http://bit.ly/143fMJn, There's nothing like a waterfront lobster roll, amirite?, We've arrived in Brooklyn just in time for summer -- find us at Brooklyn Bridge Park!, Are you a fan?, Does rain over a long weekend make you crabby?, Got Memorial Day Monday plans? We do -- we're opening in Brooklyn Bridge Park with No. 7 Sub! http://bit.ly/133IkmZ, null, Does it get any better than this?, Dig in., Add some surf to your BBQ turf with our DIY lobster roll kit! Order yours here: http://lukeslobster.com/seafood, A lobster roll in the hand is worth two in the...ocean?, Picnic perfection., Have yourself a nice little Saturday., This is one of Philly's very first Luke's Lobster rolls. Can't go wrong with sustainable Maine lobster. #SSWNYC, Philly doors are open, and the aroma of our buttery lobster rolls is wafting throughout Rittenhouse Square., Philly and Brooklyn, are you ready for the Taste of Maine?, Seeing double., Celebrate Sustainable Seafood Week with us! http://www.sustainableseafoodweeknyc.com #SSWNYC, There's no one we'd rather share a Noah's Ark with than Mom! Happy Mother's Day!, Lobster me!, It's National Shrimp Day -- are you big shrimpin'?, One week until these rolls hit Philly!, Now that is a photogenic lobster roll., After a long, cold winter, Nauti is finally back on the streets of New York! Get the scoop & follow @NautiMobile!, Claws on claws., What's sweeter -- little D or our ice cream sammies?, Friday, Friday, gotta get down (to Luke's Lobster) on Friday., Luke's first lobster. #TBT, Three's never a crowd., Life is like a box of seafood rolls...kind of., Everyone wants Luke's Lobster in their hometown. Now you can have it, with our DIY lobster kit! http://bit.ly/11Soomv, Sunday Funday., The Peak of your day., The land of Pat's, Geno's and Jim's has another famous name coming to town -- Luke's Lobster Philly opens in Rittenhouse in mid-May! http://bit.ly/ZRy132, Bringing your kids to work today? Treat them to a tasty lunch, too!, Half rolls for the week's halfway point., Two rolls are better than one., Here's an Earth Day reminder that the Maine lobster fishery is a sustainable one! Read up on our practices --> http://bit.ly/MwZMIZ, That time '48 Hours' showed our tweet on TV... http://cbsn.ws/11yn2eU, Rolling at Sheep Shearing Day at Stone Barns!, It's Thirsty Thursday! Don't fret -- Allagash and Shipyard are here for you., Spring has sprung, Eat appropriately., Sending love to Boston., Make Monday wicked good., No way., We're Spring Fling-ing in Philly at Penn this weekend -- what else should we do while we're here??, Happy Friday, Mobstas!, Does crab taste better with a side of sunshine?, A happy hump day indeed., We support this message. (Lobstagram via @rachelwhiting1), Phone a friend and grab some lunch. (Lobstagram via @xsayuri), Your weekend plans, courtesy of the East Village crew. (Lobstagram via @captnwalker), Lobster overboard. (Lobtstagram via @alfonsogarcia8), Zappos better watch out -- we deliver happiness, too. (Lobstagram via @jyli125), Take your Tuesday to the next level. (Lobstagram via @phoebesuen), We don't joke around when it comes to lobster. (Lobstagram via @kingtucker1), Happy Easter, Mobstas! (Lobstagram via @katethemax), Good Friday is a good day for lobster. (Lobstagram via @ohiosaysohayo), Sometimes we bring some lobster home and make lobster mac & cheese. Looks good, huh?, These rolls will be at Sweetlife Festival, The Governors Ball Music Festival, GoogaMooga and more this summer -- who's excited??, This won't last very long. (Lobstagram via @tjsdjs), Some like it hot -- do you add Sriracha? (Lobstagram via @yagirlflo), Maine crab is fab. (Crabstagram via @missmgo), Spring has sprung in DC, and the Cherry Blossom ice cream sandwich has arrived -- are you on board?, Get your Tasting Table Lobster Roll Rumble tix now!! http://www.tastingtable.com/rumble2013, What's your fave? (Lobstagram via @pheeefe), The food of New York. (Lobstagram via @misseunicelee), It's Friday -- treat yo self. (Lobstagram via @bagofdonuts), Yes, puppies love lobster, too! #throwbackthursday, The lobster runneth over. (Lobstagram via @mariapiiaaa), Wondering where to eat in Bethesda? The Washingtonian says Luke's Lobster, of course! http://bit.ly/ZG1S13, Monday doesn't *have* to be the worst day of the week. (Lobstagram via @foodnfest), In a pickle deciding what to eat for dinner? We make it easy., How do you celebrate turning 90? With a Luke's Lobster roll, of course!! Happy birthday, Mr. Mezirow!, One year ago, we were in Japan for an amazing food fair, and we had some delicious sushi. Doesn't get any fresher than this! #tbt, Oh, hello. Lobstagram via @pbrown207, Our winter menu is winding down, so savor the lobster grilled cheese! (Nauti & Gtown will keep it on the menu, phew!), Who's hungry? Lobstagram via @levinseth, Two for me, none for you. Lobstagram via @jayxmomoi, Start the month off right. Lobstagram via @mohsincredible, Nice view. Lobstagram via @sharonkim21, It's Beer Week! Cheers those beers with our $50 combo!, Gruyere + Lobster = Heaven. (Lobstagram via @rgoldner), It's a beautiful day for a lobster roll!, Is there a better way to spend a rainy day?? (Lobstagram via @yeungrenee), It's Friday...that's claws for celebration., EFF YOU, SANDY! FiDi is up and running again!, Yes, we're coming to Brooklyn -- we're sharing a space with No. 7 Sub at Brooklyn Bridge Park!, The lovely view your mouth has when you're eating a lobster roll. (Lobstagram via @pourtous), What makes a short week even better? You know..., George Washington cannot tell a lie -- and he told us he *really* loves our lobster rolls. (Happy Presidents' Day!), Today is the last day for the $40 Valentine's Day special! Bring your boo-y (get it?)!, Saturday is date night. Just saying..., It's true! And we're celebrating w/ $3 Maine microbrews from 5-9pm on 2/21! http://bit.ly/12pUFVU, Wouldn't it be nice if your boss treated you to lunch on Fridays? We think so, too!, Happy Valentine's Day, Mobstas! Get your grub on with your Maine squeeze., Enjoy the winter menu while it lasts, Mobstas..., Our new website has ecommerce (and it's wicked pretty). This week, order a pink S'well Bottle online for just $14! http://lukeslobster.com/shop, Maine. It's what's for lunch. (Lobstagram via @nabane), null, Nemo stranded Luke up in Maine. Not one to rest, he's starting a new fashion trend on the slopes., Portland Headlight in Luke's Maine hometown made it through Nemo! How'd you fare?, While you're cooped up at home for Nemo, make yourself useful and plan your Valentine's Day date. Might we suggest Luke's Lobster?, This is how Maine boys grow up... #TBT, How long would these rolls last at your office? (Lobstagram via @kellsshin), Our friends at sweetgreen have announced the amazing lineup for the 2013 Sweetlife Festival -- so much good food and music!, Happy National Soup Day! All of our chowders and bisques are made by Hurricane's Premium Soup & Chowder From Maine, and they're wicked tasty., A Super Bowl (of New England clam chowda)., Brrr! Good thing we love warming up your buns..., Look. At. Those. Chunks. (Lobstagram via @avatana), Lobster combo for one, please. (Lobstagram via @palomabrey), Lobster roll to the FACE. (Lobstagram via @katebrary), Pats didn't make the Super Bowl, but New England can still make big plays on game day! To order your 10-roll party box, email laureng@lukeslobster.com in NY or morgan@lukeslobster.com in DC!, What's your favorite menu item? http://instagram.com/p/U6lGnmiDhx/, Feast. Lobstagram via @mchansome http://bit.ly/W9pQkl, A big Hoya win and a gorgeous sunset in the 207. Not a bad Saturday., Snow is on its way...warm up with clam chowder or lobster bisque! (We even have tomato soup at Bethesda & Gtown  for non-shellfishers!), Remember that time in 2010 when Luke was on Bloomberg rocking a Movember mo? That was awkward. #TBT, What would you do if you saw Luke the Lobster on the street?, Say (grilled) cheese!!! Lobstagram via @charlie_r0c http://bit.ly/Vi2pHc, Get these beauties delivered right to your door! Call UES, UWS, Georgetown or Bethesda to place your order!, The ultimate starting line-up. (Go Pats!), Fridays are better when there's lobster in the office. http://bit.ly/Ydy2Cy Lobstagram via @g_stillman, Fishing runs in Holden blood -- check out Papa Holden, his brothers and dad on the water in Maine. #TBT, Village Voice's Choice Eats is coming! You should start working up an appetite... http://bit.ly/SGjNUO, What's the best sandwich in DC? Tell WCP! http://bit.ly/XBRogo (Lobstagram via @grahamcrackaaa), The Pats beat the Texans -- this is our victory meal! Lobstagram via @stefankarlstrom  http://bit.ly/Vb8ulO, LGC. Give it a try. Lobstagram via @kacnyc http://instagram.com/p/UWlSLpMB8k/, Exciting news for DC -- we're expanding our delivery zone!  44th Street NW to 2nd Street NE, S Street NW to 6th Street NW, down to Georgetown Waterfront/Constitution Ave. 7 days a week, 5-8:30pm!, Luke butters up Kathie Lee and Hoda on the Today Show, August 2010! #TBT, Lunch for one (right?). Lobstagram via @nikity http://bit.ly/UJXZVt, Just another Maine-ic Monday. Lobstagram via @chanela http://bit.ly/WoMMYr, In case you needed another reason to prove that Maine is the best: "Maine is one of the best-kept ski secrets around." http://nyti.ms/S7jiTE, Keep your noggin warm with handmade Luke's Lobster beanies!! $15 for navy or black at your local shack., Throwback Thursday...here's Luke lobstering at Kettle Cove in Maine!, What could be better? Lobstagram via @chuckiecon http://bit.ly/WevjSt, EV, UES and UWS are open til 10, Bethesda, Gtown and Penn Quarter are open til 9! Kick off the new year right, Mobstas! (Lobstagram via @kms4prez http://bit.ly/WYY0oM), What's your resolution for the Year of the Lobster??, Have a Taste of Maine. Lobstagram via @avatana http://bit.ly/QZk5Tm, Christmas is over, so it's time for New Year's resolutions. Here's an idea -- treat yourself more., In need of a stocking stuffer? Santa Claws will give a $25 gift card to the Mobsta who writes the best Christmas poem in the comments below!, Merry almost Xmas Eve! Thinking about visiting us this week?! Just wanted to give you a heads up that we are going to be closed on Xmas and also have shorter hours tomorrow and on the 26th. Look below for specific shack hours:

East Village
24th: 12pm-7pm
26th: 12pm-10pm

UES
24th: 11am-8pm
26th: 11am-10pm

UWS
24th: 11am-8pm
26th: 12pm-10pm

The Plaza
24th: 11am-4pm
26th: 11am-9:30pm

Penn Quarter
24th: 11am-2pm
26th: 12pm-8pm

Bethesda
24th: 11am-3pm
26th: 11am-9pm

Georgetown
24th: 11am-3pm
26th: 12pm-8pm, What is Santa Claws' favorite Maine microbrew and why? Best response (from a 21+ Mobsta) wins a 6-pack!!, What's your favorite ski spot and why? Santa Claws' fave response wins a LL hoodie -- it'll keep you warm all season! (One of our faves, Sugarloaf, is below!), What's your favorite place in Maine to visit in the winter? Santa Claws' fave response wins a S'well bottle -- it'll keep your cider hot for 12 hours!, What's your favorite thing about Luke's Lobster? Our fave response wins lunch with Luke -- pick his brain about Maine, Georgetown, the resto biz, anything! One of *our* fave things is Lobster Grilled Cheese!, We love Christmas in Maine -- what's your favorite holiday tradition? Santa Claws will give his favorite response a spankin' new Luke's beanie to keep your noggin warm!, Santa Claws is coming to town, and he's giving away Luke's swag until Christmas! First up, what would you name this skiff (which Luke built in high school!)? Our fave entry wins a Luke's tee!, Pop quiz: How do you make your workday better? Answer: Luke's Lobster! Lobstagram via @kballiet http://bit.ly/XXNtxY, It's 12/12/12. Know what you can get for $12 at Luke's? Lobster Grilled Cheese or 4 whoopie pies or a crab roll or butternut squash soup w/ a Shipyard Prelude!, Pick your poison., The winter menu is pretty stellar, but sometimes you just gotta go with your go-to. Lobstagram via @instantdistraction http://bit.ly/1218RCp, Tis the season for chowder and cider and lobster grilled cheese and friends and family and light-strewn buoys!, Drumroll please...here's the official winter menu from Luke's Lobster!! Stay warm, Mobstas!!, We're launching NEW winter menu items TODAY! Including this knockout Lobster Grilled Cheese, with our signature lobster and delicious gruyere. Stay tuned for the full winter menu!, Say hello to the soups at Luke's Lobster -- broccoli cheddar and butternut squash! They're delicious, and they're made in Maine!, Too delicious to pass up. Lobstagram via @charstar86 http://bit.ly/11OuCnX, Sad to say goodbye but we're excited for some clean shaven faces! Hope you had a great Movember!, Chowda ya feel about winter??, What's for lunch on Hump Day? You know. Lobstagram via @jennayoi2 http://bit.ly/10SEEoI, The best way to avoid a case of the Mondays is to have lobster on Sunday night! Lobstagram via  @kohweiru http://bit.ly/V0Nyue, Shop small -- spend $25 at Luke's (or any other qualifying small business) on your synced Amex today, and you'll get a $25 statement credit!! (There's also a raffle at all shacks today!), Tmrw is Small Business Saturday! Sync your Amex today and "shop small" at local stores tmrw -- you'll get $25 credit! http://shopsmall.com, No minced meat in this roll -- just nice big chunks of fresh Maine lobster! Lobstagram via @axelestman http://bit.ly/QuRTKC, Thanksgiving is around the corner, so tell us what you're thankful for -- our fave wins a hoodie! We're thankful for our amazing crew and the chance to bring ME to you every day!, The Atlantic Ocean at Acadia Nat'l Park in Maine, where the sun first touches American soil every morning. Mainestagram via @dirtkahuna http://bit.ly/QpJx6K, Aerial view. Lobstagram via @danielseal http://bit.ly/QlnONr, Is your weekend shaping up to look like this? Shrimpstagram via @ayeemuhree http://bit.ly/TUQcmC, At the shack, your office or your apartment, Luke's is delicious! Lobstagram via @melakneekim http://bit.ly/SYo9S1, Ready for lunch? Lobstagram via @mireiaolive http://bit.ly/SVHlzR, Tell us your favorite thing that's made in Maine -- it could be anything! Our fave wins a S'well bottle!, In addition to our month-long Movember efforts (see below), the Georgetown shop is donating a portion of sales to the Wilson Crew team on Monday, and the Bethesda shop is donating to the Lombardi/CBCC Avon Walk team on Tuesday. Help us help these great organizations!, Do Sundays make you crabby?? Crabstagram via @afroney http://bit.ly/XvCrze, We weren't the only ones rocking our trusty Bean Boots during the Nor'easter. After all, they're "a staple of any self-respecting East Coaster's wardrobe." Agree? http://gqm.ag/TPRmla, Today and tmrw, bring a donation to UWS/UES for #Sandy victims and get $2 beers! We'll drop off at a Queens shelter on Saturday during a team volunteer trip., A Hump Day treat! Lobstagram via @_mariceloh http://bit.ly/VDzUlW, Trivia Tuesday starts today!! Since it's Election Day, what was the original name for the Bush compound in Maine??, If you're having a case of the Mondays, this could help. Lobstagram via @deadtrick http://bit.ly/Yw0SvD, Clawsome close-up. Lobstagram via @rag44 http://bit.ly/VI4J4n, It's MOVEMBER!! Instagram pics of your Mo at Luke's Lobster, tag with @lukeslobster and #Movember, and you could win a prize, like our sweet new hoodies!, UES, UWS, PQ, Bethesda, Gtown open regular hours, Plaza open 11-7, Nauti's outside the EV dishing rolls. FiDi's gonna take a while :(, Happy Halloween! Reg hours at UES, UWS, Gtown, Penn Quarter, Bethesda. Plaza open 11-6, Nauti open for lunch. EV and FiDi closed. Come to Luke's dressed as a crustacean and get 10% off! (Also, vote for this awesome pumpkin here: http://on.fb.me/XZAcmI), Sun's out, let's do this. UES open 12-9, UWS open 12:30-9 today. No plan yet for tmrw., Sandy is gone, crew is safe and most shacks made it through the storm okay. We have some cleaning up to do in FiDi, but we'll try to get a store or two open today! Big thanks to FDNY and first responders -- that storm meant business., Due to the storm, all 9 Luke's Lobster locations are closed today. Stay dry and safe, Mobstas!, Frankenstorm has revived the Hurricane Special in NYC -- today til 4pm. Come and get it!, An enviable feast! Lobstagram via @nnaryt http://bit.ly/TJMH6g, What's your Halloween costume? If it's crustacean in nature, you'll get 10% off! Pooches included., As chilly weather sets in, are you taking care of bisque-ness?, Big shrimping! http://bit.ly/TUFUBb, Our mouthwatering roll was the snackshot of the day! http://bit.ly/TwPeuv, Delivery and Seamless.com Details!, A little Taste of Maine, some chowda -- all in all, not a bad way to spend a Monday. Lobstagram via @kristenryan16 http://instagram.com/p/REKNV7H1bE/, No minced lobster in our rolls -- just pure chunks of knuckle and claw meat! Lobstagram via @avatana http://bit.ly/XD1WfG, Big weekend for Lobsta Mobstas -- it's the Hester Street Fair Grub Street Food Festival, and we're shipping up to Boston for the Head of the Charles Regatta!, First the Blue Monster, now the Great Pumpkin -- Gifford's pumpkin ice cream hugged by homemade oatmeal cookies! At Penn Quarter now, coming soon to Gtown!, Quite the lineup. Lobstagram via @mika__chu http://bit.ly/PCYAt4, Lobster rolls taste best when enjoyed with others. Lobstagram via @iambize http://bit.ly/S1z6UI, Simple goodness., Taste of Maine. Clawesome. Lobstagram via @avatana http://bit.ly/QZk5D9, Does life get better than lobster rolls and Maine Root and Wafels & Dinges?! Lobstagram via @jesskayho http://bit.ly/Tpjd7y, TGIF! Will your weekend be full of lobster?? Lobstagram via @fauxlangelo http://bit.ly/QhSvzc, Have you had the crab yet? Lobstagram via @citybeagle http://bit.ly/Qmbh7K, Warm up with some haddock chowder at FiDi -- we're offering free samples with rolls today!, Three's company. Lobstagram via @jennipohhh http://bit.ly/SMah1u, Someone took a trip to the The Plaza Food Hall by Todd English! Yum! Lobstagram via @lycapuno http://bit.ly/RLJekc, Rain = a great excuse for chowder., It's gonna be a good weekend -- we've got Taste of DC (Sat-Mon) and Taste of Bethesda (Sat), in addition to Hester Street Fair (Sat) and New Amsterdam Market (Sun)!, Still life. Lobstagram via @kfrancisk http://bit.ly/QLjc0K, No need for debate, we can all agree that this is delicious! Lobstagram via @melt_hands http://bit.ly/QKhOIy, Happy Hump Day! Lobstagram via @mazunums http://bit.ly/QrDniE, Gross day in DC= Time to order delivery! Our Georgetown store now delivers in the neighborhood after 5pm! http://instagr.am/p/QS1Ts8CGSW/, Because you don't ever leave a single crumb either. Lobstagram via @scooper63 http://bit.ly/Pp9uNv, It's our 3rd birthday! Come take a Lobstagram with the East Village lobsterman!, TGIF. Lobstagram via @melissagiachetti  http://bit.ly/Q8mnxE, Connor from the Bethesda shop used the iPhone 5's panorama tool to take this wicked sweet pic., #TURNUPSUMMER with us, ROBERTAS and wicked tunes at the Beekman Beer Garden on Saturday!, Happy Hump Day! Get over the hump with a lunch at Luke's!, Are you on the Lobsta Mobsta wall of fame at a Luke's Lobster shack?, Lobster rolls at the office -- because you're worth it., Help great causes and eat well at the CLAM BAKE tomorrow night at L2 LOUNGE in DC! RSVP today to get on the list!, Boom. Lobstagram via @becharlieb http://bit.ly/QloWOz, The beginning of a beautiful thing. Lobstagram via @meggers08 http://bit.ly/PtfuGQ, We love this Lobstagram by @__my! http://bit.ly/PmE24f, This is what happiness tastes like. Lobstagram via @runaftertoby http://bit.ly/U9ke4u, Just focus on the lobster. Lobstagram via @dlkingsbury http://bit.ly/TKEXA1, This was our view at yesterday's New Amsterdam Market. Not bad., It's Fashion Week -- we'd describe our style as minimalist and effortlessly chic. Lobstagram via @dani_elle_2985 http://bit.ly/TrRypU, Nice day for a lunch at a picnic bench in Bethesda. Lobstagram via @toyabuch69 http://bit.ly/RCRHqe, That, my friends, is a meal. Lobstagram via @teddy1108 http://bit.ly/PXmFcj, Just beclaws. Lobstagram via @kffonseca http://bit.ly/O6CSss, Variety is the (secret) spice of life. Lobstagram via @jen_style229 http://bit.ly/Oxofkv, One must always save room for dessert., What would you give to finish off this roll? Lobstagram via @d_disido http://bit.ly/QnUOTD, Luke's Lobster is one of the vendors that offers Amex specials! Sync yours today!, So far, so good with the new neighbors, Georgetown Cupcake., Today's the day!!, Luke's Lobster Georgetown opens at 6pm Thursday, and she's looking good! http://bit.ly/NYNU3y, Guess who has the #1 food truck in NYC!, Guess what, Georgetown -- you get the Blue Monster, too! Doors open at 6pm on Thursday!, Wow, looks like someone went on a 7th Street food crawl! Lobstagram via @thatfoodcray http://bit.ly/P9k9wa, Noah's Ark. Go big or go home. Lobstagram via @its_christinee http://bit.ly/QMTdS6, Cool breeze feels like Maine, this tastes like Maine. Lobstagram via @tatikraft http://bit.ly/Potxyc, You know you want it., Luke the Lobster did an Olympic event of his own, running through the streets of DC and Bethesda., It's not a good week unless you get Nauti at lunch. Lobstagram via @justmk http://bit.ly/P4EkM0, Up in Maine this past weekend, we met with Penny Johnston of MaineFloatRope.com. When the government banned float rope in 2008, Penny collected 250,000+ lbs of it from Maine lobstermen and makes wicked awesome doormats out of them. You'll see this sustainable decor in Luke's Lobster shacks soon!, What's for lunch? Lobstagram via @almostarcadia. http://bit.ly/NFsAgP, Maine-age a trois. Lobstagram via @michyen http://bit.ly/MLJEDi, Come to mama. Lobstagram via @kw_choi http://bit.ly/MfIao2, Yep, Midcoast Maine is wicked gorgeous., Do YOU think ours is one of the best lobster rolls in NYC?, Three's company. Lobstagram via @dcyndkte http://bit.ly/N18jq6, Hope Georgetown is ready for a taste of ME!, Introducing....the BLUE MONSTER. Two huge, homemade chocolate chip cookies hugging rich blueberry ice cream. You like?, So much Maine to choose from! Lobstagram via @valentinasdq http://bit.ly/NYtHwb, Want to go to Maine? We're giving away THREE free schooner trips!, Two for me, none for you. Lobstagram via @bitchesflocktome http://bit.ly/NIwEzR, That little pup has very good taste. Lobstagram via @olidub http://bit.ly/MWmsAm, Have you been known to eat two rolls at a time? Lobstagram via @raquelreign http://bit.ly/LsKMK9, Not just a pretty face. Lobstagram via @jaye_rose_13 http://bit.ly/SFwSJT, Maine doesn't even need an Instagram filter., Sexy and we know it. Lobstagram via @jayellenyc http://bit.ly/NuUfng, Do you like food and music? Catalpa has both in spades. http://www.catalpanyc.com/, The AmEx OPEN team came by FiDi to learn about how we're growing the business!, Trapped in Maine., It's coming...
http://www.dnainfo.com/new-york/20120712/upper-west-side/lukes-lobster-sidewalk-cafe-could-open-by-end-of-july, What's for dinner? Lobstagram via @geomyralewis http://bit.ly/NmCbvH, Do you like Good Beer? Join us on 7/31 as we celebrate brews and grub with Edible Manhattan!, Georgetown, Maine -- our two favorite places in one., Fresh batch of tees has arrived! $15 a pop, Patriotic Lobstagram by @eleyesee http://bit.ly/PjleGu, All Luke's Lobsters (except the Plaza, which just closed) are open regular hours today! Happy 4th of July -- enjoy the sunshine! (Lobstagram via @olidub), Happy Mobsta. Lobstagram via @mairface http://bit.ly/Nl2wqk, All Luke's Lobster locations will be open regular hours on July 4, except the Plaza Luke's, which will close at 4!, Who's jealous? Lobstagram via @hintofgreens http://bit.ly/MBKvav, It's officially summer, so if you're planning a party, you should be serving lobster rolls. Email laureng@lukeslobster.com to coordinate!, That looks clawfully good. Lobstagram via @jarask http://bit.ly/MQDofc, Three's company. Lobstagram via @thevalyrianfog http://bit.ly/MLxWID, Governors Ballin', Game on!, This weekend, you can find Nauti at The Governors Ball Music Festival! Music and food -- what's not to like?!, POLL: Do you like extra spices on your roll? What else have you put our spices on?, Aerial Lobstagram via @olidub http://bit.ly/Lm72ZW, Summer officially begins tomorrow!! Lobstagram via @CooperCheat http://bit.ly/MpRP7D, Finally, mom got some love in an article about Luke's!, Our dad made LL possible. Happy Father's Day, pops! And HFD to all the other dads out there!, We're a DC MVP!, Happy National Lobster Day!!!!, This could be you enjoying lobster rolls on these benches! Bethesda opens at 11am sharp., Garracuda is ready to crush some rolls in Bethesda tomorrow. Here he is, teaching some noobs the art of lobster roll craftsmanship., Tomorrow's the day, Bethesda! Get the first look here!, Are you ready for your closeup? Lobstagram via @MariaSophia http://bit.ly/L57ADl, Someone was hungry! Lobstagram via @msamnar http://bit.ly/LhQLTH, On Broadwayyyyy! Luke's Lobster took over the Tony Awards after-party at The Plaza Food Hall by Todd English!, Always trust Aziz., Are you on Pinterest? Make a "Summer to ME is..." board for a chance to win some lobsta! Here's ours: http://pinterest.com/lukeslobster/summer-to-me-is/, We're bringing lobster to crab country! Luke's Lobster Bethesda opens Thursday, June 14!, National Lobster Day is next Friday -- help us celebrate on Pinterest!, Rumble in the concrete jungle!!, If this doesn't look like a winning lobster roll, I don't know what does. Lobstagram by @deniseeeo http://bit.ly/NNPFQG, The Tasting Table Lobster Roll Rumble is tomorrow night, benefitting Share Our Strength! Who's excited?!, Luke's a natural on the Today Show! Did you see him clinch the win?, Today Show SPOILER: KLG and Hoda love Luke's Lobster!, We'll be at City Harvest's Summer in the City event on 6/20!, We won the mini Lobster Rumble on TODAY with KLG and Hoda! Here we are, getting some love from the ladies!!, This is what happened last time Luke was on TODAY...tune in tmrw am to see him partake in a "mini" Lobster Roll Rumble!! You never know what these two will do/say..., We're at the Great Chowder Cook-Off in Newport, RI, with Phil from Hurricane Soup!, If you're a good Mobsta, you'll tell all your friends to try a Luke's Lobster roll this summer!, Chow down on our chowda at the Great Chowder Cook-Off in Newport, RI, this Saturday! http://bit.ly/JycNVA, If your Memorial Day weekend looked like this...good for you! Lobstagram via @anniet23 http://bit.ly/M2mc8y, PSA: We are open regular hours Sat, Sun and Mon! Did you really think we'd deprive you of fresh Maine lobster?, Two for ME, none for you. http://bit.ly/MNBBIO Lobstagram by @bojamejames, We won the CRAVED award at GoogaMooga!, Luke with fellow Mainer and Plaza GM, Matty!, The skinny on the Plaza Food Hall!, Come see ME at the Plaza today!!, You wanted a Midtown location, and now you've got one! We're opening in the Plaza Food Hall tomorrow!!, It's Small Business Week! Big thanks to our loyal Mobstas and small biz friends who make running and growing Luke's Lobster such a fun and exciting challenge!, Lobstagram to go, via @naomianderlini http://bit.ly/MhLNGV, Zagat's Jackie hit up a few lobster roll joints in NYC!, Relive the magic of GoogaMooga!!, GoogaMooga. Eats and beats. Saturday and Sunday. Be there!, Close up of our shrimp roll (shrimpstagram?) via @drelly. http://bit.ly/KoBLl8, Not a bad meal! Lobstagram by @killakag! http://bit.ly/JjvBXy, Instagram a pic of you whipping up a seafood dish and tag it with #seafoodslinger to be eligible to win 2 tix to see Anthony Bourdain at BAM on 6/9! http://bit.ly/JjUywh, Will you be at GoogaMooga?! We're wicked pumped!, This Memorial Day, have something to remember ME by. Lobstagram by @dannyleephotography http://bit.ly/KP0zkX, Never been to New Amsterdam Market? This is what you're missing. (Epic Lobstagram via @TamiKJ) http://bit.ly/JWXdOB, We're selling rolls at the Navy Yard in DC tonight!, Nauti's back on the streets!!, Your prayers have been answered -- Nauti is hitting the mean streets of Manhattan TOMORROW!! She's missed you!, Happy Shrimp Day! Hashtag your shrimp roll Instagrams with #bigshrimping!, How about a Taste of Maine? Lobstagram by @imaclassybroad http://bit.ly/ILPaCJ, Lobster at the UES is looking good! Thank you, @vyvytran for the lovely Lobstagram! http://bit.ly/KKRpGu, It's grilling season! Check out Ben's tips for grilling seafood!, This is wicked awesome!, Snazzy Lobstagram from @HeyCameraGirl! http://bit.ly/KgPb3E, Beautiful Lobstagram from @olidub! http://bit.ly/JWKfna, Checked out the South Street Seaport Museum last night -- cool fishing line weights hang from the ceiling., Check out this Lobstagram....The Fox whipped up this gem at sweetgreen's Sweetlife Festival on Saturday! http://bit.ly/JwVYYc, Recap of Opening Day at the Hester Street Fair!! Thanks for the shoutout, Village Voice!!, null, Three's a crowd...and we're okay with crowds. Lobstagram by @jaaycee http://bit.ly/JNaTNz, Delicious Taste of Maine to go -- Lobstagram by @LittlePeter! http://bit.ly/IqbW5E, A "slap coozie" -- now that is innovation!, This just happened. (It's a lobster roll sonnet, an ode to William Shakespeare on his birthday.), Today's Lobstagram via @ryanev07! http://bit.ly/I97VD7, The shack at FiDi is OPEN for business!! C'mon down!!, Welcome to the #sweetlife., Is there anything better than wine, lobster, cheese and chocolate?? Get your tix to Wine Riot! , Taste of Success is tonight! We'll see you there!, Help us find this marathon runner!!, Are you coming to Opening Day at Hester Street Fair?!, We're in Tokyo!! Oishi!, A lobster roll to walk...on a perfect day like today, you can take it to the park and get some vitamin D! Lobstagram by @stopwest http://bit.ly/HZpOEf, Chipotle mayo lobster rolls...yum! Join us!, Happy foursquare Day! Today only, a check in at Luke's Lobster gets you 10% off, and as a special thanks, mayors get 25% off!, Mobstas, lend a helping claw with us on New York Cares Day -- we'll be doing clean-up in Astoria Park! Join our team here: www.newyorkcaresday.org, Have you ever wanted a threesome more badly?? Lobstagram via @ernahahah http://bit.ly/HJ31L7, Gorgeous Lobstagram close-up from @olidub! http://bit.ly/IaOh57, Will you be at Foxfield Races? We will!, You can pretty much taste Maine in today's Lobstagram from @jeffcupino! http://bit.ly/HvxoI5, So, I guess now would be a good time to remind all of you Facebookers that we're on Instagram, too! @LukesLobster http://on.mash.to/HrVqiz, Big shrimping -- our shrimp roll packs more punch than you think! http://bit.ly/HBqWO9, We watched the James Cameron Titanic special last night, and it got us thinking...what's your favorite deep-sea movie?? #important, Happy Easter, Mobstas! All shops are open today, so come on by!!, Happy Beer Day!! "Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy." - Ben Franklin, Check out this great OpEd by Robert LaValva and friends about the Fulton Fish Market neighborhood. Robert's the founder of the wicked awesome New Amsterdam Market!!, Claws for concern? We think not. Thanks for the great shot, @freddyping! http://bit.ly/Hmrs51, Now, THAT is a meal! Lobstagram by @geniuswords http://bit.ly/HgsdH4, In case you couldn't make it to Taste of the Nation this week in DC, here's a lobstagram for you!, We'll be at Governors Ball, and you should be there, too! It's the hottest ticket in town!, We're honored to be included in this roundup!!, Remember, Nauti's on spring break during April. She'll be back on the road come May!!, Mobstas, tell us the best April Fools' Day prank you've pulled...our fave will win some Luke's Lobster swag! Deadline is 10pm EST!, Luke went to Japan with Lauren Drell (social media manager) and Lauren Gibson (catering and events director) to sell rolls at the Sogo NY Foods Street fair!, null, Can't wait for NAM to kick off in April!!, A stunning #lobstagram from @itz_ch1ng! http://bit.ly/GYpIxL, Calling all JBF Greens -- we'll be at Lincoln Center tmrw making shrimp rolls!, The peeps at Epicurious love our Lobsta Mobsta card -- and they've filled up a few! How many cards have YOU filled?!, Heads up: Nauti's going on Spring Break starting next week. She'll be out of commission for a few weeks, so get your fix now!, Pretty much the only word you need to know in Japanese is OISHI. It means "tasty.", The 5:50am tuna auction at Tsukiji fish market in Tokyo!, Tsukiji is Luke's new happy place. #TOKYO, Luke with Paul and Eddie from KorillaBBQ doing some guerilla marketing at SOGO in Yokohama!, We made friends with a Japanese family while passing out flyers for NY Foods Street at SOGO in Yokohama!, We found a guy wearing a MAINE hoodie at a coffee shop in Tokyo!!, Fact or fiction? A Luke's Lobster roll is like a little silver parachute falling right into your lap., Fight your HUNGER with lobster!!!, We found a Lobsta Mobsta allllll the way in Yokohama! She has visited the FiDi store last summer!, Luke was on a Japanese talk show with chef Michiko Chiba at the Sogo department store in Yokohama!, Today's Lobstagram courtesy of @angiegentile! This Taste of Maine looks delish!, Get your tickets to the Tasting Table Lobster Roll Rumble!! We'll be there, looking to score a threepeat win!, The story of Luke's Lobster...in Japanese!, The Sogo NY Foods Street Fair in Yokohama!, Meanwhile, back in the States, Nauti's going up to Columbia U tmrw! Lions love lobster, right?!, The New York Foods Street fair just kicked off! We're at Yokohama's Sogo department store every day this week from 10am to 8pm!, We've arrived in Japan!! New York Fair starts tmrw in Yokohama -- we'll be tweeting, Facebooking and Instagramming our adventures all week!, Eater is excited that we're coming to Bethesda!!, We're coming to Bethesda Row!!!, We're going to JAPAN! We'll be part of a great NYC food fair in Yokohama with other great NYC shops like Billy's Bakery, Sigmund Pretzel and Korilla BBQ! Check out the brochure for detes! http://bit.ly/ABGsvL, Lobstagram (er, crabstagram?) of the day by @missmgo! http://bit.ly/yHu9wL, This is no minced lobster salad -- look at those chunks of meat! (Photo by @fleurdelyss) http://statigr.am/p/131209236112078610_4438452, Bring friends to Luke's on Sunday -- our NYC locations are donating 10% of sales to the Food Bank For NYC!! , You can get your tickets to Googa Mooga NOW!, Happy birthday to ME!!! Tell us about YOUR favorite/best experience in Maine (post as a comment below) -- our favorite story will get a Luke's tee and a S'well bottle!, GoogaMooga is going to be awesome! Look at this lineup!, Sheep Shearing Day at Stone Barns is April 28 -- come join us!! Here's a video by our own Alex Colby from last year!, Great #Lobstagram from @JasonGurfink! http://statigr.am/p/145107720936640158_12496554, Refinery29 named our roll one of their favorite Cheap Eats!, Choice Eats is tonight!! Will you be there?!, Wedding planners know what's up -- Bridal Bubbly says Luke's Lobster is great for laid-back weddings and welcome parties!, Join us and our 7th Street neighbors, Big Gay Ice Cream and Porchetta!!, Start stretching your stomach now...you've got a lot of eating to do when GoogaMooga comes to Prospect Park in May!, Follow us on Pinterest!, null, Tell About.com which food truck is your fave!! (Hint: Nauti), Do you Instagram? You should #lobstagram -- tag photos with @LukesLobster and we'll flaunt 'em to our Facebook friends!

We love this #lobstagram from @itzjayman!, Check out our Timeline!!, null, null, Come to ANY of our NYC locations on March 18th and 10% of your purchase will help New York's hungry!, You really should come join us at Choice Eats on 3/13 at the Armory!, What a big boy!, Vote for Nauti (once per day) in About.com's Readers' Choice Awards poll!! She's up for best NYC food truck!!, Yes, we're open today! Come enjoy the beautiful day with us and some lobster!!, Luke is a Power Up Pro for the new breakfast biscuit, belVita! We're a big fan of the blueberry flavor -- it reminds us of Maine., Some love from New York Street Food!, Mobstas, the Dinghy Built For Two is available through Saturday!, The third and final installment of our lobster love stories, curated by our resident stud, The Fox!, We feel the love, Grub Street!!, The second lobster tale of the day...are you feeling the love?!, The Fox has a lovely lobster tale for you. And more are on the way!, Tune in to the blog tmrw for lobster love stories!!, It's chilly out there...warm up with some New England clam chowder! (It's the white kind, Ace Ventura.), The Dinghy Built for Two is available today through Saturday at the UES, UWS, FiDi and DC Luke's shacks! Happy Valentine's Day!, Valentine's Day is around the corner...if you have a first date, engagement or wedding story featuring Luke's Lobster, please email it to ben@lukeslobster.com!, Tough draw, but everyone loves an underdog. Vote for Luke?, This looks like the best wedding ever! (And yes, we cater weddings!), Brooklyn, we're coming at ya! On Feb 16, Nauti will be outside Brooklyn Brewery for the Mutual Party...Mutual members get $1 off their rolls!, Super Bowl blitz: Tweet at us w/ your guess for the halftime and final score, along with the hashtag #LobsterBowl! Closest guesses for each wins a lobster combo!!, Check out our Pinterest! http://pinterest.com/lukeslobster/, Get a Dinghy Built For Two at Luke's Lobster this Valentine's Day!, Ever wonder who made our awesome murals? Here's the scoop., Judging from his cameo in the video, it looks like Luke's in the running...we'll let you know when to vote!, Go long like Brady! Order 10 rolls and get $10 off for your Super Bowl party!! Email laureng@lukeslobster.com for detes!, Mobstas, please email us stories about your first date/engagement/wedding, if it took place over Luke's Lobster! Send to lauren@lukeslobster.com, Here's the scoop on Maine Root, the producer of our delicious sodas and lemonade!, Ever wonder where our chowder comes from? Maine! Check out the whole story on our blog (and follow us)!!, Where to find the best lobster roll in NYC? We'll give you one guess... , Planning a Super Bowl party? Here's an idea for an ELITE meal!, Oystering in Westport, CT, with Bryan, Papa Holden and Uncle Scout today!, Show us your tix!!! Tonight, the Bruins visit the Verizon Center to take on the Caps. Stop by Luke's at 624 E St NW and get 10% off when you show us your ticket stub!, The New England Patriots are going to the Super Bowl, and we're going to have a GIANT deal for you for Super Bowl Sunday! Detes coming soon!, Marcus Samuelsson's team hit up some NYC food trucks, including our very own Nauti!!, The SBA will be a Cabinet-level agency! Makes sense - small biz is the backbone of our economy!, Nina wrote about us on her Sparkle Theory blog! Thanks, Nina!, You love us, we love you. Ergo, we think you should vote for Luke's Lobster (@LukesLobster) and Nauti (@LukesLobsterNY) to win a Shorty!, Follow us on Instagram for pics of lobster, Maine and the Luke's Lobster team! We're @LukesLobster!, Happy New Year, mobstas! Yes, we're open today!!, Merry Christmas from #SantaClaws!, The stakes are getting higher, and the gifts are getting bigger! Check out @LukesLobster on Twitter and enter to win a gift from #SantaClaws!!, Today's #SantaClaws gift is a good one! Go answer the question on Twitter for a chance to win -- @LukesLobster!, Remember to check out Twitter every day to see what #SantaClaws is giving away!!, Keisha picked up a fresh, live lobster at New Amsterdam Market. She named it Tug Boat. Looks like a tasty one!, Live lobster ($10 per bug) and live Jonah crabs ($3 per critter) at New Amsterdam Market today! Only 100 of each species left, so hurry on down!, We're on Metromix's favorite block of the year -- East 7th Street!!, Come to Brooklyn Night Bazaar tonight!, Hop on over to Twitter for a chance to win "today's" #SantaClaws gift!, The NY Food Calendar is a perfect stocking stuffer for food lovers in your life! And Nauti's Miss July!, 7th Street is a "foodie's paradise" -- read on to learn about the awesome restos on our block!, Erica in DC won the first prize of our #SantaClaws: a six-pack of Shipyard Brewing Company brewskies! Congrats, Erica!, The first #SantaClaws clue will debut within the hour -- hop on over to @LukesLobster for a chance to win today's gift!, Everyone, look at #SantaClaws in all his glory!!, Mobstas, head over to Twitter because #SantaClaws is giving away some goodies starting tmrw!!, Brooklyn Night Bazaar is back in action December 15-17!!, NYC, we'll be closing shop at 9pm tmrw night for our annual team holiday party. Apologies for any withdrawals this may cause., Look who's live-chatting on the Zagat Google+ page! Tune in: https://plus.google.com/u/0/104111246635874032234/posts, Big thanks to the Restaurant Fairy for coming by Luke's UWS! Great pics!, More info on tmrw's Google+ Q&A with Zagat!!, Tune in to Zagat's Google+ page tmrw at 2:30pm for a live Q&A with Luke and Ben!!, Check out the sweet new Tasting Table digital book, featuring interviews with top food personalities, including Luke and Marcus Samuelsson!, Great write-up of Luke's on the Downtown Alliance site!, null, Check out the last pics of Movember on our blog!, A feat of manliness by Ross Saxon, on the last day of Movember., There's only one more day left in Movember! Take a look at Luke's mo and support the cause!, Come down to the Downtown Holiday Market this Friday through Sunday, 12-8 at 8th & F in DC! www.downtownholidaymarket.com, The best hosts serve LOBSTER! Book Luke's Lobster for your holiday party by 12/1 and get 15% off your order! Email laureng@lukeslobster.com!, Get out there and SHOP SMALL -- it's Small Business Saturday!, Nauti's doing a dinner shift in the West Village at 6th & Waverly!, This is what happens during Movember., Thanksgiving hours are listed on the "locations" tabs for each shop! All stores are closed Thursday (we have to give thanks, too)., Go visit Luke's hometown, Cape Elizabeth, ME! Jetsetter has a deal at Inn By The Sea!, The best hosts serve LOBSTER! Book Luke's for your holiday party between now and 12/1, and you'll get 15% off! Email laureng@lukeslobster.com!, Fight the winter doldrums! Book Luke's for your holiday party between now and December 1 and get 15% off your order! Email laureng@lukeslobster.com for detes!, Pics from last night's UP and UP panel, "Money Talks" -- great companies and great conversation!, Hey East Village -- we deliver! After 5pm, Sunday through Thursday, from Houston to 14th, Broadway to Ave C. For a good time, call 212.387.8487!, Many thanks to all the veterans out there -- please enjoy 10% off at all Luke's today as a small token of our appreciation!, Farewell to Adam, an East Village great, who's off to run Vanessa's Dumpling House in Brooklyn! We'll miss you, man!, There IS such a thing as a free lunch -- thanks to MasterCard!, Nauti's at 16th & 9th today giving away half rolls and chips, thanks to MasterCard! To get your roll, just do 3 things: 1) Tweet with #PricelessNY, 2) "like" MasterCard on Facebook 3) Provide email address!, Happy birthday to Scott Bullard, a.k.a. The Fox! We hope we age as gracefully as you have., null, Starting tomorrow, Luke's DC will open at 9am to serve Shipwreck Coffee from Maine!!, Where to eat in the East Village, according to Serious Eats., DC mobstas, the day has come -- we now sell BEER! Just $4 a pop all weekend!!, We're 4 days into Movember, but we're hoping that by the 30th, we can do this!, Starting tomorrow, Luke's DC will be selling BEER -- Allagash White, Shipyard Export, Peak IPA and Bar Harbor Thunder Hole Ale! Cheers!!, Nauti is now serving New England Clam Chowder onboard! Come and get it!, in case you were wondering about our facial hair..., It's with great pride that we share with you our new logo!!, There is no better mo than Chamberlain's, so this month, we're donating $1 from every Shipyard Brewing Company Chamberlain Pale Ale to Movember!, Join us at Dishcrawl in DC on 11/8!, Luke chatted with Inc about the Foursquare promo we ran for our FiDi grand opening!, We're invading Scandinavia -- here's an article about Luke in Norwegian!, null, Make summer last longer! Step 1, continue eating lobster. , Allie and Kenton did a pretty serious food crawl -- Luke's, Butter Lane, Porchetta and more!, "Luke's Lobster is the home of the best lobster roll I've ever tasted.", UPDATE: Due to weather conditions, tomorrow's Hester Street Fair has been canceled. You can get your lobster (and cider and soup) fix at our brick-and-mortar shops, though!, We're ready for Halloween in the East Village!, Brrrr...stay warm with Hurricane Soup AND delicious hot apple cider (UES, UWS, FiDi) and Luke's!!, The LAST day of Hester Street Fair for the season is tomorrow! Be sure to stop by!, Come to Luke's dressed as a crustacean or other Maine-y item this weekend, and you'll get 10% off your meal!, null, Who's coming to Taste of Success DC tmrw night at the Carnegie Institution for Science?, Luke's video interview with Business Insider! Check it out!, Join us at the Hester Street Fair on Sunday (10/23) for the Grub Street food festival! Start stretching your stomach now..., Check out pics of Luke, Thomas from Mexicue and Kim from the Treats Truck, who demo'd their goodies last night at De Gustibus!, You want tasty eating? I think you know where to go..., Up close and personal, via bonmange.tumblr.com, Today's the last day of Taste of DC! Be sure to come by and have a roll with us!, null, If you love NYC food trucks, give this a looksie!, FYI the UES is currently cash-only...the POS peeps are overnighting a new system, so it's only temporary!, Heading to Taste of DC this weekend? WaPo has a list of the booths you should hit up, including Luke's!, Zagat's giving away 25 free lobster rolls and 2012 guides at Nauti right now! 30th and Park!, Nauti is Zagat's #1 food truck in NYC!!! Huge news!!, Mobstas, this weekend marked our two-year anniversary!! Thank you for supporting our small business and the sustainable Maine lobster fishery!!, Nauti's bringing a different kind of meat to the Meatpacking District tonight for Uncorked! , Great news for downtown NYC mobstas -- FiDi is officially on Seamless! Pick-up only, and there's no minimum!, Sure, summer might be over, but Luke's Lobster and Hurricane Soups can get you through the fall and winter with delicious and hearty soups!, Join us next weekend at Taste of DC!!, Check out Luke's firsthand account of how and why he started Luke's Lobster!, Here are details about tonight's Wine Riot at 1 Hanson Place tonight and tmrw!!, Come to our FiDi location tonight for our first ever beer pairing event! Mike from Peak Organic will be here with Luke and Ben to talk beer, lobster, and other Maine goodness. Get a free taste of Peak's just-released Fall Summit Ale! No reservations--just show up, Love our lobster bisque? UES will have it every Friday, starting tmrw!, This stuff is bananas! We're serving shrimp rolls at Grapes With Apes tonight at the National Zoo!, Feels good to be on top., null, Our good friends at LivingSocial have partnered with DC United...which means you just might see Luke the Lobster at tonight's game..., If that's not beautiful, I don't know what is., All the detes about FiDi's beer and our special menu for NY Craft Beer Week..., It's true -- FiDi is selling beer now!!, Here's a link to discounted tickets for Taste of DC, an event we'll be at on Pennsylvania Avenue from October 8-10!, 4,000 fans! You guys are the best mobstas ever! Thanks, all!, Here's a toast to FiDi, which now serves Maine brews!, It's NY Craft Beer Week! Drink up with us at FiDi this week with a special chowder+rolls+whoopie pie meal paired with 3 Peak Organic beers!, Nauti's at 23rd and Park on this beautiful Wednesday! Come lunch with us!, Awesome recap of Nauti's cameo at Helmut Lang for Fashion's Night Out!, null, Aziz Ansari came to the East Village with his friend Annamarie!!, Looking for a plan for Fashion's Night Out? Head to Helmut Lang in Soho for Luke's rolls and Death & Co cocktails!, GREAT pics from Kevin in this blog post! Thanks, doc!, Big thank you to Samantha, who says our lobster roll tastes like heaven!, How well do you know NYC? We’ve partnered with @Buick's Quest for the Keys online scavenger hunt, and you could win $2,000 and a new Buick! Three tasks will be revealed on Buick’s Facebook page each day during Aug 29 - Sept 3 -- do all three and you could be a big winner!, We're in pretty good company on this list! Thank you, Zagat!, Hurricane special is on at UES til 4pm today, but all other NYC locations are closed. Luke, Ben & Scott are on deck, so come get a $10 lobster roll from them!, With Hurricane Irene raging through the city and public transportation shutting down tomorrow, it's time to stock up on lobster rolls. We just got a new shipment of fresh seafood, but due to apocalyptic conditions we have to close on Saturday and Sunday. Tonight, we're be selling lobster rolls for $10 all night. NO LOBSTER SHALL GO UNEATEN!!, Nauti will be sitting out the next few days, as she needs some TLC in the shop. So sorry -- we'll keep you posted with news as we get it!, A lovely review from a mobsta named Annie, who learned her lesson and won't ever cheat on us again!, Big thank you to Lauren B for this awesome review of our "mega-deliciousness"!! It's Yelp NYC's Review of the Day!!, Here's a great segment on Luke's post-banking life by Reuters, shot at the East Village and FiDi Luke's!, Luke's one of the ex-bankers interviewed in this Reuters article!, Cast your vote (or all 10 of them...) for Nauti in the "favorite food truck" poll! Search "Luke's Lobster" to find us! Thanks!!, Check out this great clip of Luke with Kelly Choi down at our FiDi location!, Have YOU tried our shrimp roll?, Photographer Craig Corl paired a Taste of Maine with a 2008 Ledson Sonoma coast Tres Frais Chardonnay. Check out his great review and awesome pics!!, Metromix included us in their top 8 lobster rolls! (P.S. The one in the thumbnail with all the filler is *not* ours!), Luke's is one tasty spot!!, Check out Luke's Q&A on the Tory Burch blog!!, Nauti's gonna be a star! She's currently shooting (whilst selling rolls) at 55th and Park!!, Check out Luke and Ben in this "Millions in the Making?" segment on CNBC's "How I Made My Millions!!" [VIDEO], null, Here's the debut of Luke the Lobster -- the lobster that we love to hate and hate to love!! , We're here slinging rolls all weekend!! Come say hi!, Now we know what fuels the Washington Post's reporting -- they love Luke's!, Going to see the McQueen exhibit at the Met? Fuel up at Luke's on the way home!!, Destiny is calling. Luke the lobster is off to the race the Dead Presidents at Nats stadium. 1:05 game time!, Hey DC! If you're going to see Taylor Swift at the Verizon Center, bring your ticket stub to Luke's and get 10% off (tonight only)!, We're excited to announce that Luke's has teamed up with S'well bottles! These awesome bottles don't sweat, and they keep hot liquids hot and cold ones cold! For sale at UES, UWS and FiDi for $20! swellbottle.com, Who needs a team? Our rolls make themselves! [VIDEO], Tune into CNBC tonight at 9pm to see Luke and Ben on "Millions in the Making"!!, Escape 2 New York with us next weekend!!, The DC blogger who broke the news of Luke's DC says ours is the best lobster roll he's ever had!, null, Arielle tested the waters at Luke's in the East Village! , Join us August 5-7 in Southampton -- you can enjoy lobster rolls and lovely music at Escape2NY!!, Ashley checked out the UWS Luke's for one of her first lobster rolls ever!, We're a Tasty Contender in CNN's list of America's favorite seafood dives!!, Get your tickets and come eat with us and watch awesome concerts on Long Island!, Luke's down in DC with many young CEOs (like peeps from Liddabit Sweets, Dannijo, Georgetown Cupcake and Lindy & Grundy Meats!) to meet with politicians and push for greater job creation and economic opportunities for young people!, Patrick is the Foursquare mayor down in FiDi...here's a little more about him., Luke's going to be in DC with 100+ of America’s top young CEOs to launch OUR TIME’s Buy Young Initiative on Wednesday! Tune into the Ustream!, Do you stalk Nauti, too?! Check out Rhea's review of Nauti's goodies!, Come see David McBride -- the Holden boys' uncle! -- at the Metropolitan Room tonight at 9:30pm.  , A certain blogger is having a "food love affair" with Luke's Lobster in DC!, Look, it's Luke in Martha Stewart's Everyday Food magazine -- our rolls are a "summer must-have"!!, Huge congrats to our friends and fellow Hoyas over at sweetgreen!! Those guys are opening their 10th location today in Foggy Bottom, DC!!, Serious Eats picked 17 of the best lobster rolls in the Northeast...we're on there!, Try Hilary's delicious scone recipe with some MAINE blueberries!, The NY Examiner loves Luke's!, Bryan and Senator Snowe - -Maine attractions at Luke's DC!, Maine Senator Olympia Snowe works the line at Luke's Lobster DC!, Hey DC! We'll be closed Wednesday from 12:15 to 1:30, as we're hosting a luncheon for Maine Senator Olympia Snowe! You can call in take-out orders for $100 or more during that time. Thanks!, Sam lets you in on what it's like to work aboard Nauti!, Meet Jerry, our awesome East Village delivery stud!, Would you say yes if someone proposed to you at Luke's Lobster? Kristin did, when Ty asked her to marry him in the East Village LL!, USA Today chatted with Luke and some other small businesses about how we use Foursquare!, What are YOU excited for this summer??, Every few days, our intern Hilary DuPont will introduce you to one of our awesome teammates. First up, Raven! (You can find her in FiDi!), Who's excited for Doug and Bryan to set up shop on 7th?!, Happy Father's Day to all the wicked awesome dads out there. Big shoutout to Jeff Holden, who brings all those delicious crustaceans to the mobstas!!, DC food critic The Metrocurean tested the waters in Penn Quarter!, A true Mainer (yup, the guy in the flannel) reviews Luke's Lobster in the East Village. Spoiler: We impressed him with our authenticity., Who makes the best roll? We do!!, Check out HuffPo's account of the Tasting Table Lobster Roll Rumble and what goes into a tasty lobster roll! [VIDEO], Great video from InTheMO that gives you a sense of what we're all about at Luke's Lobster!, New blog post about Luke's in DC!, Oh, hello. Look at this delicious pic from Alexis Lamster!!, Yes, it's National Lobster Day, but it's also Game 7 of the Stanley Cup Finals! Since we celebrate lobster 24/7/365, let's pay homage to the Bruins for a change -- wear your Bs gear to Luke's and get 10% off!, What do you need to eat this summer in NYC? Zagat made a list, and we're on it! (P.S. Who's making our statue?!), We made it to Game 7!! Wear your #Bruins gear *tomorrow* and get 10% off at Luke's! (Now you have time to go stock up in case you don't have any!), We were on The Early Show this morning! [video + text], On Monday, wear Bruins gear to any Luke's Lobster location and get 10% off your meal!! Game 6 of the Stanley Cup Finals is at 8pm!!, Look. At. That. Roll., We won the FAN VOTE at the Tasting Table Lobster Roll Rumble! Check out the pics!, We are SO ready to rumble., We made the cut! Check out Details' favorite urban seafood shacks!, Your new favorite bookmark -- a map on our website that shows where Nauti is!, Tim Zagat talks food trucks...while eating a lobster roll from Nauti!, We're excited to cater Nest's party in the East Village tonight -- it's a great cause and we're happy to support it!, Midtown Lunch gets down with FiDi!, Hoya saxa!, Julie Parise from CBS wrote this little ditty about us!, Su-yin LOVED her lobster roll!, You know what today is? FiDi! FiDi! Gotta get down to FiDi! Doors open at 10:30am -- can't wait to feed the mobstas of lower Manhattan!, null, For those of you who are sans Twitter at work, this may be a good way to track Nauti!, Luke's Lobster FiDi opens tomorrow at 10:30 am!! Are you excited?!, Great write-up of our new Luke's in DC from Tricia! Thanks!, Here's Luke, Dennis and Naveen outside the East Village Luke's!, Big day in the East Village! CBS is interviewing Dennis, Naveen and Luke about Foursquare for small business!, Heads up! EV and UWS are sold out, UES is almost out! Didn't get lobster this am because of Memorial Day. Apologies for the inconvenience -- come back for a roll tomorrow!, Here's what to pack in your picnic basket, all found at the New Amsterdam Market!, Midtown Lunch is excited for the downtown Luke's!, Our Penn Quarter neighbors like us, they really do!, Looking for good Memorial Day eats?, Come see us on Governor's Island today and tomorrow at the Brewers PicNYC!!, Can't buy our love, but you CAN buy our rolls in FiDi on this date..., Watch Michael Waskom chat about how to run a food truck, fight parking tickets and what to do when nature calls!, Happy birthday, Michael Waskom -- he's the sweet dude who runs Nauti!, Already a line out the door at Penn Quarter...thank you for spreading the good word, everyone!!, 6 minutes, Washington Mobstas!!, null, Here's a sneak peak of Luke's Lobster DC..., Yep, it's happening!! 12pm tmrw -- be there!, Hey DC! We'll be open for business at noon tomorrow!! Come one, come all -- and come hungry!!, Congrats to Mike Holden...being a stud clearly runs in the family., Nauti is hiring!! Must be awesome, friendly, enthusiastic and *not* prone to carsickness :) Email Evi at hireME@lukeslobster.com, Coverage of the Zagat Food Truck Frenzy!, Lunch is on wheels today -- come to the Zagat Food Truck Frenzy! We'll be on 22nd near 11th Ave, right between Kelvin Slush and The Big Gay Ice Cream Truck!!, Here's a video recap of Zagat's 30 Under 30 celebration!!, We're rolling tonight at Tenjune in support of a very important cause, Students of AMF! Tickets will be available at the door for $90 (includes open bar, lobster rolls, Butter Lane Cupcakes, Brother Jimmy's and NY Oyster Company)!!, Some Luke's Lobster love from The Hoya!, Here's the first look at Luke's Lobster in DC!, Lobster roll weather! Nauti's by the Flatiron building today!!, Say hello to our new neighbors!!!, Vote for your favorite food truck!! (Note: Nauti is listed under "N", not "Luke's Lobster"), Big news: We're named in Zagat's 30 Under 30 list!!, Nauti's staying home today, but you can check her out here so you can spot her on the streets!! [VIDEO], It's National Small Business Week! Thank you for supporting us and our small biz friends!!, Fox Business chatted with Luke about how we use Twitter for Nauti!, Nauti is at 40th and 6th, near Bryan Park and the NYPL. Please have patience and fortitude as we prep and roll!, Nauti will be at the Zagat Food Truck Frenzy on May 18! Get your tickets now!!, Nauti's at 56th and 8th today! Come on down -- our rolls are so good it Hearst!, Nauti's heading to Rachael Ray today -- come see her at 44th and Lex!!, Check out this amusing profile of Luke Holden and Ben Conniff in the NY Post!!, Nauti's taking the day off to re-fuel! She'll be back on the streets tmrw!, Check out Nauti in action!!, Recap of today's lobster-Maine-ia in Midtown East!!, I think we can call this a "success" for Nauti's first day on the streets, right??, Nauti's done for the day -- thanks for coming out!! Hope we cured your case of the Mondays :), Nauti is at 52nd and Lex! Go get 'er!, If Twitter isn't your thing, you can see the recent tweets on the Nauti page of our website to find out her location: http://lukeslobster.com/nauti, Happy birthday to our good friend (and occasional ringer at Hester St), Roger Gill!! Thanks for all your support of Luke's -- have a great one!!, Nauti makes her debut today at the Hell's Kitchen Flea Market on 39th between 9th and 10th avenues! Come check her out and follow her on Twitter at @LukesLobsterNY!, You know you should be here right now...come say hi and have a bite!! Your tummy will be oh-so-happy!, FYI: "Nauti" is short for "nautical automobile." Get used to it :), First mention of NAUTI by name in the press!, Village Voice is pretty stoked about our "street-side supremacy" -- can't wait to hit the streets!!, WE HAVE A FOOD TRUCK! Follow @LukesLobsterNY on Twitter for the whereabouts of the truck (affectionately known as NAUTI)!!, Get your tickets for Tasting Table's Lobster Roll Rumble on June 9 in NYC!! We're coming back to defend our title!!, Happy birthday to one of our most loyal fans (who's also a stellar photog), Kerry Alaric Cheeseboro!!, Today's Thrillist Reward gets you VIP access to a "boozy picnic" on Governors Island this Memorial Day!, Washington Post highlights two lobster-y additions to DC, including Luke's Lobster!, Check out Alex K Colby's sweet video of Sheep Shearing Day at Stone Barns! , null, Meet Eviana Englert...and check out the first in our new series of video profiles on our Tumblr!, Some love from the NY Journal!, GO Project's fundraiser tonight was a huge success!! Bono and Brooke Shields were there! goprojectnyc.org, Happy birthday to the Fox's beautiful (and also quite foxy) wife, Susannah Frank Bullard!!, Our super secret Foursquare special is now live!! You'll have to eat at Luke's more than once a week for a few weeks to redeem it, but it'll be worth it!, Lee stopped by the UES to relive the glory years she spent at Colby College!, Big news: Our UWS delivery zone is now 66th to 96th streets, from CPW to the Hudson! Woot!, Maine is one of the greenest states (#2, behind Vermont)! Happy Earth Day!, Missy over at Washington Business Journal has the news, too!, The Washingtonian has some *official* news for all you DC peeps!, We're a part of the 2nd Annual Taste of 7th St. this week, along with Butter Lane Cupcakes and more!!, Yes, it's true! Thanks for the love, MyUpperWest!!, TGIF! Our UWS spot starts selling beer today and all brews are half-price to celebrate the occasion! (Note: Half-off beer at UWS only, not UES.), The UWS will start serving Maine microbrews on Friday! Beers will be half-price at UWS on Friday & Saturday, so come cheers with us!, Yes, we can accommodate those of you with gluten-free diets! Just ask Kristen!!, Check out Alex K Colby's sweet video of the Hell's Kitchen Flea Market this past Sunday!, In case you missed it, here's Luke on Gourmet Live! Big thanks to Kerry Alaric Cheeseboro for bringing Luke's to their attention! (Warning: The video's sound is a little wonky.), Tune in to channel 161 - Luke is on "Nonstop Foodies" right now!!, Alright, we've had enough of being coy -- YES, we're coming to FiDi!! We don't have an open date yet, but we'll keep our downtown mobstas posted!, Mr. Martinez talks to the kids about lobster!, Bon appetit!!, Ms. Boylan brought her gastronomy students from NYC's High School for Math, Science and Engineering to Luke's Lobster on the UWS!! Awesome kids!!, Maine is the most peaceful state in the nation...no wonder we call it Vacationland!! It really is the way life should be!, Ben did an awesome Q&A with the Yale Daily News about Luke's Lobster, sustainability and what makes our rolls so damn good!, Hell's Kitchen will be cooking up some goodies this weekend! Stop by for treats from your favorite food truck (and non-food truck) vendors!, Can YOU dance like a lobster? Upload your video to YouTube and tweet it our way (@LukesLobster). Our favorite lobster dancer gets a $25 gift card, a Luke's Lobster tee and PRIDE., A golf ball made of lobster shells...only at UMaine!! , Perhaps you're recovered from your Choice Eats food coma by now? Relive the night with these pics!, Katie used to vacation...now she comes to NYC whenever she can to get some Luke's!! (I mean, it's basically a Maine vacation, right?!), So sorry for the inconvenience, but the UWS is closed today because the floors need some time to cure. If you need to cure a lobster craving, may I suggest the EV or UES? If you can wait, the UWS will be open tomorrow!, We'll be serving up shrimp rolls on Table #6 tonight at Choice Eats (69th Armory on Lex)! See you there!!, Luke's friend and fellow Mainer Anna Lombard McGeachey is the vocalist in an awesome band, Gypsy Tailwind, which was nominated for "best roots act." Anna herself was nominated for "best female vocalist" -- check out GT and VOTE for Anna!!, Alex popped into Luke's on a spring-y day...check out the review!!, Heads up: The UWS is closing at 9pm tonight and will be closed all day tmrw (Monday). So sorry for the inconvenience -- our EV and UES locations will be open regular hours!, 2pm Birthday Schooner Trivia: What is the name of the GQ blog Ben writes about Luke's Lobster?, At 2pm, we'll post a trivia question about BEN, because today is Ben's birthday (it's big week for LL owners!). Stay tuned -- winner gets a free schooner!, The Birthday Schooner Giveaway Question: What's the famous site in the coastal Maine town where Luke grew up?, Get ready for the schooner contest -- the questions go live on Twitter AND Facebook in 5 minutes!, By popular demand, we'll also be posting a question about Luke and Luke's Lobster on FACEBOOK at 2pm-- the first correct answer will win a FREE SCHOONER!! (But you should still check out our Twitter question, too!), It's Luke's birthday today! Follow us on Twitter (@LukesLobster) because at 2pm we'll tweet a question about Luke and Luke's Lobster -- the first correct answer will win a FREE SCHOONER!!, Look at Whitney representing Luke's Lobster in Cabo while enjoying some ceviche loco. She says it's "Delicious, but it's no Luke's Lobster Roll!", Get Real this Saturday -- come to the Get Real NY Craft Beer and Food Festival!, Have you seen "America's Next Great Restaurant"? Well, Feast Chicago compiled a list of restaurants that have a great concept for the show -- and Luke's is one of them!, Our good friends at Sweetgreen (fellow Gtown alums) are throwing a sick concert in DC on May 1!! Tickets go on sale on Friday!, Bethenny's trip to the Hester Street Fair also yielded this gem!, Tonight's episode of "Bethenny Ever After" featured a food crawl at the Hester Street Fair, including some Luke's Lobster rolls to go!, Get your tickets to the New Taste of the UWS and clear your calendars for May 20-21. Also, you might want to start training your stomach now -- there will be LOTS of eats at this event!, You coming to Choice Eats this year? It's on March 29th at the 69th Armory on Lex! Get your tix here: http://choiceeats.villagevoice.com/2011, We'll be at Macy's Herald Square tmrw (Saturday, 3/12) at 1pm to do a lobster roll demo and meet some mobstas. Hope to see you there!!, Check out Susan and Skye's blog! They were skeptical about finding perfect lobster outside Maine/Mass, but our delicious lobster rolls spoke for themselves., StreetWise Partners' Taste of Success is TONIGHT at 7pm! Better get your tix and head to Providence Lounge on W. 57th for a night of fun, food and networking!, Save the date!! Help us fight hunger in NYC on MARCH 20! Come to Luke's Lobster UWS (426 Amsterdam), where we'll be donating 10% of our sales to the Food Bank For NYC!, Want to go to Get Real NY's Craft Beer Festival, but don't want to break the bank? Save $15 with Scoop St's deal TODAY ONLY! (And yes, we'll be at Get Real -- ticket prices include rolls!), Mark your calendar for the return of the Hester Street Fair on May 7!! You can almost feel the warm, summer sun just thinking about it, huh??, Clayton has a new favorite meal..., Come to the Beard Burger "Bun"anza on Wednesday night (3/2/11) at the Beard House at 6pm! Click for more info and to order your tickets!, Look who won BEST LOBSTER ROLL IN NYC for the 2nd year in a row -- yup, you guessed it!! Thanks for voting, everyone!!, Maine beer and lobster rolls...can life get any better?! Thanks, Seth!!, Allison took some killer pics at the UES...check out this native Mainer's blog post!! (No thumbnail...such a tease...you'll just have to click through!), Yep, we're open today! Come on by for a taste of Maine!!, Phil from Hurricane Soup (our bisque and chowder provider) is manning the kettles at the UWS today!, Win a year of free cab rides from our Hoya friends at Scoop St!!, If you like REAL lobster and not the mayo-ey mess in this picture, vote now and help make us two-time champs! A vote for Luke's is a vote for deliciousness!, Kay's first lobster roll....we think she liked it., SUPER BOWL CONTEST: Follow our Twitter (@LukesLobster) for detes on how to win a FREE SCHOONER today!!, Need Super Bowl grub? Order a platter from Luke's! We're offering 10% off just for the big day! E-mail nicole@lukeslobster.com to order your platter...orders must be submitted by 3pm on Sunday!, Happy birthday to sports cartoonist Phil Bissell, whose "Pat Patriot" cartoon debuted in 1960!!, Shea at Opening Ceremony stopped by the East Village to chat with Ben and try the Taste of Maine. Check out her glowing review!, Get your tickets to StreetWise Partners' Taste of Success!! We'll be there March 10 at Providence Lounge with many great NYC restos!!, Jesse stumbled upon the UWS after hearing about our Zagat review...yep, we earned that 25!!, Have some beer with your grub at Luke's on 81st. Thanks for the love, NYMag!, CHEERS...tomorrow we'll start serving Maine beers at the UES Luke's Lobster!, We're brewing up some big news! Starting tomorrow we'll serve MAINE BEER at the UES! We'll carry Shipyard Export, Allagash White, Belfast Bay Lobster Ale, Peak Organic Winter Session Ale and Geary’s Pale Ale!! Cheers to that!, JC went to the East Village for some lobster...and left pretty happy!, Check out this piece from Nearsay by Sarah Shaker, who caught up with Ben last week. Read carefully...there's a surprise revelation for the UES in the article!!, Foodspotting is one year old now, and here are the 20 most popular dishes in NYC..., Tomorrow we'll be at Park Here at 201 Mulberry...bring a friend and enjoy a nice day in the "park" while munching on lobster rolls!!, Capogiro (delicious artisanal gelato company in Philly) peeps had a day off and headed to Manhattan, where they ate -- you guessed it! -- Luke's Lobster..., It's cold and slushy, so remember that all 3 Luke's Lobster locations deliver! Call us after 5pm to place your order, 7 days a week!! UES delivery range is: 5th Ave to the river, 72nd to 92nd. UWS range is: 72nd to 92nd, CPW to the Hudson. EV delivery range is: Houston to 14th, Broadway to Ave C., Blondie and Brownie stopped at Park Here on Saturday and had some delicious grub from Robicelli's and Luke's...we'll be back this Saturday at 201 Mulberry, so come and enjoy the indoor park!, The East Village is kicking off delivery tonight! You can call 212.387.8487 to place your order after 5pm, and we'll deliver anywhere from Houston to 14th, Broadway to Ave C! There's no delivery fee, but we do have a $20 minimum per order. Thanks!!, Read about Luke and other awesome entrepreneurs who left Wall Street gigs to start their own things!, There's gonna be a seafood throwdown at Foodshed Market this Sunday! Well, not really, but you'll have a chance to experience both Maine and Maryland seafood. Come hungry!, Ben and Nicole will be at Foodshed Market in Boerum Hill on Sunday from 11-5, rolling to live music alongside purveyors of delicious pasta, cheeses, pork and fish!, Miss lounging in Central Park? This Saturday we'll be vending at Park Here, a public indoor park at 201 Mulberry! Bring a friend, have a roll, and be sure to introduce yourself! We love meeting our mobstas!, Is there anything better than Luke's Lobster in the comfort of your own UWS home on a wintry NY night?  Nope! The UWS now delivers, from 72nd to 92nd, CPW to the Hudson! Call the shop (212.877.8800) to place your order -- $20 min, no delivery fee., Hey look, we have merch!! Shoot us an e-mail to purchase a polo (black or white with lobster logo), hat (lobster on front, "MAINE" on back) or tee (the ones we wear in the store). Lots of colors and sizes! Hats are $20, polos are $25, tees are $14., Seth ranked the top 10 things he ate in 2010, and we're proud to say that Luke's Lobster made the cut! (And yes, for the record, we only use knuckle and claw meat...it tastes the best!), Azriha came to Luke's and his conclusion is that "This now becomes the best lobster roll I've had in NYC. This completely blows away Pearl Oyster Bar and Mary's Fish Camp." BOOM!, FYI: On NYE, we're closing at 9pm, and we'll open up at 1pm on 1/1/11!! Happy new year to everyone -- have fun and be safe!!, Having people over for New Year's Eve? Feed them lobster! We have a variety of platters for intimate gatherings and full-blown soirees, so e-mail nicole@lukeslobster.com to get more info and to order your rolls!!, "Check in" was one of the WSJ's words of the year in 2010 (along with "vuvuzela" and "miners")! Even better, the quote they used to exemplify the trend is from Sara Davis, who's been the Foursquare mayor of Luke's on the UES!, Gonna wrap it up at 9pm tonight...as you can tell, it's kind of messy out there. Hurry up and get your lobsta!!, Today is the LAST DAY of the Big Social Holiday Market at 201 Mulberry (presented by the Hester Street Fair team). Check out what Ms. Cullen ate and take a trip to the market to get some grub and gifts of your own!, Need a last-minute stocking stuffer? How about a Luke's Lobster tee (like the ones we wear in the store) and a gift certificate? E-mail luke@lukeslobster.com to place your order!!, Some love from FreshGuideNYC's Marisa Tom!, FYI: We'll close at 3pm on Christmas Eve (Friday), we'll be closed Christmas Day (Saturday), and we'll do regular hours the day after Christmas (Sunday). Plan your meals accordingly! :), null, Gotta push the opening of UWS til 3pm today...so sorry for the inconvenience! Hang in there, hungry UWSers!!, Delayed opening Saturday at Upper West Side location.  We are working out some kinks in AM, should be open by 2pm! Thanks!, Today is the day!! Can't wait to meet all the UWS mobstas who've been trekking across town for our lobster rolls!, null, DailyCandy has planned your weekend for you....check out the Big Social Holiday Market (brought to you by the team behind the Hester Street Fair)!!, Hey, guess what! We'll be open for dinner on Friday on the UWS. We hope you're hungry..., Start stretching out your stomach...the Hester Street Fair Holiday Market kicks off on Friday with lots of good eats and gift ideas!!, Planning a holiday party? E-mail nicole@lukeslobster.com to get the scoop on our catering services! We can deliver ready-to-nom rolls or make them onsite!, We're named "Best New England Staycation" in Time Out Kids' list of favorite new family restos!, Starting Friday, we'll be at the Hester Street Fair Holiday Market at 201 Mulberry St! Vendors will be in action from 11am to 8pm every day until 12/23, so come do some holiday shopping and support your local small businesses!, Remember the Scoop St Taste of 7th Street?! Check out this video about the eats on New York's best food block!, YES, it's true!!  We are excited to announce that we're opening a Luke's on the Upper West Side in the coming weeks!! We're at 80th and Amsterdam...and we hope you're hungry!!, Who's coming to Yelp Snow Ball tonight? We hope you're hungry..., We'll be serving shrimp rolls at the Yelp Snow Ball tonight at the 69th Regiment Armory...you coming?!, Catty's working in NY for a bit...and she says our $14 roll certainly beats the one at Hawksmoor in London...which sells for 25 GBP. YIKES! ("I mean, $14 guys, That's like nothing!"), The Greedy Diva took a trip to Luke's! Oh, and it's not "greedy" if you want all the lobster rolls for yourself...it's totally normal., Who's coming to the JBF Greens Holiday Party tonight at the James Beard House?! We'll be dishing out rolls starting at 6:30..., Awesome New York Times piece about one of our favorite blocks in NYC. After all, the opportunity to be on 7th Street was a huge reason why we picked our East Village location!, We're glad we could add a silver lining to the gross clouds of yesterday for our new mobsta, Kat!, Want to know which holiday markets to hit up? Here's your guide..., Luke went on Bloomberg TV with a mo...it's the last day of #Movember, so how 'bout some donations to end the month with a bang?! We can beat cancer! http://us.movember.com/mospace/571180/, See, there IS such a thing as a free lunch!  Tomorrow, we're giving away a FREE LOBSTER ROLL to the first 25 Pushkart users who come to the East Village! iPhone and Droid users better download the Pushkart app!, It's the last day of Movember!! Might keep the mo's on a little longer though...they're growing on us., It's Small Business Saturday! Use your pre-registered Amex at small businesses (like Luke's, Butter Lane Cupcakes and Xoom NYC and you could get $25 off your next statement!!, Hope everyone had a happy Thanksgiving!!  We'll be back in the lobster shacks at noon!!, TURKEY DAY HOURS!  Wed 11/24: open til 9pm. Thursday 11/25: CLOSED. Friday 11/26: 12pm to 11pm! (We need some time off to give thanks, too! Big year for us and lots to be thankful for!), Nancy stopped by Luke's Lobster at the "brilliant recommendation" of Sam Kim. Now we're one of her fave food spots in NYC!!, Swipe your AmEx at Luke's and other small businesses on SMALL BUSINESS SATURDAY (11/27) and AmEx just might give you $25 off your statement!, Anyone catch Luke on Bloomberg TV at 7:45 this morning? He was proudly rocking the mo'!!, Peachy Deegan picks Luke's Lobster!, Yael's recap of Fourth Arts Block's East Village Eats food crawl! YUM!, She spent a day in the East Village...and she says our lobster roll is the best one outside Maine (fine, we'll take it)!!, Phones are back up at the Upper East Side!! About time, don't you think?!, We apologize for the inconvenience, but the phone lines are down at the UES...we hope to have them back up asap! Thanks!, We apologize for the inconvenience, but the phone lines are out at the UES...we hope to have them back up asap! Thanks!, In honor of Movember, please see all the examples of instances when a mo' turns an ordinary man into an extraordinary hero. (via Marie Bardi) , Lindsey ate, drank and traveled her way through New York. Pretty epic list of restaurants here..., The Georgetown alumni mag put the "spotlight" on Luke! Hoya Saxa!, Check out Luke's Q&A with a trade mag up in Maine!, GQ picked the "coolest small cities in America"...obviously Portland made the cut! And yes, that's Portland, MAINE, not Portland, Oregon!, Sometimes things break, and when they do...well, it's hard to find someone who'll fix it, let alone someone who won't rip you off. We learned that the hard way...check out the new Maine Men post on GQ!, Former Luke's Lobster EV mayor Christopher-Ian Reichel sits down with Metromix to talk about foursquare, mayorships and our killer lobster rolls., The Wall Street Journal investigates the foursquare craze, focusing on mayorships and the discounts offered at various businesses. Our UES mayor Sara Davis is quoted! Awesome!, WYFF's Tim Waller came up to New York to explore "the next big thing," foursquare, so he could spread the word in Greenville. Love that foursquare is creeping into smaller markets!, Happy MOVEMBER, everyone! This month, the usually-hairless boys of Luke's Lobster will be growing 'staches and raising money to fight prostate cancer. Our team is more than 20-men strong, and we'll be updating the blog frequently with anecdotes and photos to document our creepiness, er, progress all month! , If you come to Luke's Lobster today or tomorrow dressed as a lobster, crab or shrimp, you'll get 10% off ONE roll, schooner, Taste of Maine or Noah's Ark. (And yes, crustacean-costumed babies and dogs can earn the discount for their parents!), Come celebrate Halloween at Hester Street Fair and New Amsterdam Market this Sunday! We'll be at both markets!!, Stop by Hester Street Fair this weekend -- it's the last weekend of the fair until the Holiday Market in December!  To celebrate the occasion, the team welcomes back many delicious vendors from the Grub Street event!, New "Maine Men" post on GQ.com, featuring a cameo by "Real Housewife" Bethenny Frankel!, Okay, the electricians are finished! We won't have soups 'til the dinner rush, but we're ready to roll!! Thanks for your patience!!, Oleg had "mixed feelings" about lobster rolls before he came to Luke's, but our "fantastically fresh" lobster (thank you, Portland Shellfish!) changed his mind!, Bobby tackled a good chunk of NYMag's 101 best sandwiches in NYC...and we apparently helped him score the night he tried Luke's. You're welcome!, Cici Li breaks down all the NYC lobster rolls for her Food Paradise TV show!, There's a Halloween dog parade at Tompkins Square Park tmrw! Dogs dressed as lobster, crab or shrimp get 10% off a roll/schooner/Noah's Ark for their owner--or themselves! (Unfortunately the DOH mandates that the pups MUST stay outside!), Maine Men: The Anniversary Edition. Ben reminisces about day one...and how quickly year one flew by., Holy food porn! Don't look at this blog post until AFTER you eat...or your stomach will be growling!!, "I can't get enough of this place" pretty much sums it up!, This sounds like a good plan for Saturday -- who else is coming to East Village Eats?!, This Friday we'll be at the Roch Shop in Brooklyn for a special Brooklyn, NY, vs. Portland, ME, concert, sponsored by Hillytown and Maine magazine. OH, and there WILL be Shipyard brewskis there!, Luke did an interview for the Georgetown alumni website. You'll discover his favorite class, the best place to eat in Gtown, and what he thinks will be the next big thing in the food industry!, Happy Tuesday! Hope you're planning to eat at Xoom, Caracas, Butter Lane and Luke's today -- we're donating 10% of our sales to Susan G. Komen for the Cure!! And who doesn't love eating for a cause??, Forbes has classified Luke as a "billionaire," alongside successful entrepreneurs like Mark Zuckerberg.  It'd be great news if it were true!!, Bethenny Frankel finally had her first Luke's Lobster roll at Hester Street Fair's Grub Street Food Fest!!, Tomorrow (10/19), 7th Street is taking a stand against breast cancer!! Eat at Luke's, Butter Lane, Caracas and Xoom -- we're all donating 10% of our sales to Susan G. Komen for the Cure! (And yes, BOTH Luke's Lobster locations are participating!), The New York Times is excited for this weekend's Hester Street Fair x Grub Street Food Festival!!, Hey hey, check out this Bloomberg BusinessWeek profile of Luke!!, So there IS such a thing as a free lunch! E-mail newyork@grubstreet.com and tell them about your fave lobster roll experience and you just might win lunch for 4 at the Hester Street Fair Grub Street Food Festival on Saturday!, Next Saturday (10/23), be sure to check out East Village Eats!  So much delicious food, all in one awesome neighborhood!, Elizabeth likes meringue and macarons, but she'll indulge in the occasional lobster roll, too.  Smart move!, The Upper East Side Luke's delivers 7 nights a week!  Call between 5pm and 30 before closing to place your order!, We keep it simple 'round these parts..., Hester Street Fair meets Grub Street next weekend, October 16!  FORTY food vendors will unite at Hester & Essex to celebrate all of our favorite NYC grub while it's still nice out!, New GQ post about our stint at Beer Week!, This Saturday we'll be at Lyceum Market in Brooklyn for the Beer & Whisky League Marketplace!  Stop by for deliciousness and enjoy a lovely day in Park Slope from 11am-7pm!, Get your tickets to East Village Eats!  It's all going down on October 23, and there's no better way to celebrate fall!, We're a "top newcomer" to the Zagat list, along with our UES neighbor Cascabel Taqueria! Congrats to all!, Laura Houston's picnic plans sound pretty delicious...of course, she included Luke's Lobster rolls :), The Restaurant Fairy tested all the food at Hester Street Fair this weekend!, And we also have talent at the EV Luke's Lobster! Adam plays bass/trombone/harmonica in Great Caesar, who has a show on Friday 10/8 at Arlene's Grocery! Check 'em out!, You know Andrew, our all-star manager at the UES? Well, he moonlights as a drummer in a killer band.  Check out The Kobolds tomorrow night (Tuesday) at Crash Mansion...the show is FREE if you send your name to rsvp@crashmansion.com! And be sure to like them on Facebook!, Happy birthday to US -- we're 1 year old today!  It's been an incredible year and we want to thank our mobstas, all of the food bloggers, the press, and our AMAZING crew for an awesome and exciting year.  Here's to many more birthdays...and lobster rolls!, Little recap of Get Real NY, a great event during Beer Week!, The Lower East Side is experiencing a revival of sorts, partly thanks to the Hester Street Fair and all of its fabulous vendors!, Hey mobstas...the chill of winter is on its way to Manhattan, so Fall/Winter hours will take effect on Friday, 10/1. We'll open at 11am as always, but Sun-Thurs we'll close at 10pm, and Fri-Sat we'll close at 11pm., Some love from the Portland Daily Sun! We'll be at a CMJ bash -- Portland, ME vs Brooklyn, NY -- on October 23 at The Rock Shop in Park Slope!, On Saturday, Alex conducted a lobster roll off between us and Red Hook.  Don't want to spoil the surprise, but guess who won!, Cheers! It's Beer Week, and though we can't offer you beer (yet), we're taking part by offering Beer Week passport holders 10% OFF a roll/schooner/Noah's Ark this week (just once -- we'll stamp the back of your passport)! Will you drink to that?, We'll be at Get Real NY tmrw (9/25) at the Altman Building on 18th St between 6th and 7th avenues...Tix are $65 for an awesome beer and food fest! See you there!, New GQ post about our AWESOME teammates and how they help us grow our AWESOME restos!!, Why get a burger when you could get lobster? EatBigApple.com ditched the Shake Shack line for Luke's Lobster: "All I can say is, this was damn good.", Many people chuckle when they sea a shellfish shack next to a kosher restaurant on the UES. But we don't think it's so weird -- in fact, we're good friends!, We won the City Island Expedition, C.M. Duffy's ranking of lobster rolls. Duffy deems Luke's "the clear winner!", Travel & Leisure ranked the best lobster shacks in Maine!, We'll be at Harvest Fest at Stone Barns on Sat October 2...will you be there?? Click the link for more info and to buy your tickets!!, Guess what #7 on Time Out New York's 101 things to do in NYC? Yep, the New Amsterdam Market!!, New GQ post about our foray into the fashion world at Fashion's Night Out as part of Hester Street Fair's Black Carnival!, Sara "noms" at Luke's in the East Village. She prefers the shrimp to the lobster, but LOVES the empress claws!, Come have some lobster at the Black Carnival on Bond St for FASHION'S NIGHT OUT tomorrow!, Nicole Mancini breaks it down in The Gotham Palate -- our rolls are meaty, even our sodas are from Maine, and we've got TWO places in Manhattan if you can't get to Maine!!, Ada tried lobster a few weekends ago and wasn't in love with it...but the Taste of Maine restored her faith in our favorite crustaceans!, Our EV manager Haleigh turns 25 today...be sure to tell her happy birthday if you stop by!!, What happens when all the managers go on vacation the same weekend? Ben tells you in the newest episode of Maine Men!, Bradley Hawkins veni vidi vici'd his Taste of Maine, soup and ice cream at Luke's!, As of today, you can get your delicious, creamy Hurricane soups in a BREAD BOWL! Lobster Bisque is 12 and New England Clam Chowder is 10 in the bread bowl. YUM, just in time for fall!, Some love from Bon Appetit! Andrew Knowlton picked his favorite lunch from various farmers' markets in the country, and Luke's scored #1 at NYC's New Amsterdam Market!, Because sometimes you need to fish a cell phone out of the toilet., Shi shoots, Shi eats, Shi blogs... Shi likes Luke's Lobster!, Jordan writes about "the best thing about living two blocks from Luke's Lobster"...which is Luke's Lobster., Best e-mail of the day: "Hi Big Luke, Thanks for my t-shirt. I wear it all the time especially when I help my grandfather cook lobsters. We use Maine lobsters just like you do in New York. I hope to meet you someday. Your pal, Little Luke in Harpswell, Maine", Foodie David Lebovitz blogs about his recent food tour of NYC, which included a stop at Luke's for a schooner!, The New Yorker reviews Luke's Lobster!, The New York Times has planned an ideal weekend in Portland, so book that flight and head to Vacationland! Hey, it's the way life should be..., Dennis Crowley explains Foursquare to Carson Daly (yes, of TRL fame)...and checks in to Luke's Lobster!  Thanks for the love, @dens!!, Check out our spot on CBS news...we're one of Tony Tantillo's famous Dining Deals! (Warning: food porn ahead), Here's the most recent installment of GQ's Maine Men! Ben describes what it's been like to deal with the DOB, SLA and CB3...all in the name of delicious Maine beer. (Answer: a bureaucratic nightmare), A HuffPo holler from the Portuguese wine cruise we did a few weeks back! Who knew it was okay (read: delicious!) to have red wine with seafood?!, Dave Ambrose of Scoop Street (and a Gtown grad...HOYA SAXA!) talks about group buying and Luke's Lobster!, The newest GQ Maine Men blog. Ben dishes about Luke's stint on the TODAY show with Kathie Lee & Hoda!, Come to River Rocks tonight at Pier 54 (14th Street)!! Deerhunter and Real Estate will be performing a FREE show! Lobster rolls, sadly, will not be free....but you should come anyway!, Taste of Teddy tries a taste of Maine at Luke's Lobster!, Rosa came to Luke's to try the Taste of Maine. Her verdict? Lobster > Shrimp > Crab.  What's YOUR favorite??, Lynn saw Luke on the TODAY show with Kathie Lee and Hoda and just had to come try our rolls!, Luke gets his cheeks pinched by Kathie Lee on national TV. Just another day in the life!, Luke was on the TODAY show with Kathie Lee and Hoda!!, Grab the remote and turn on the TODAY show!!  Luke's going to be in the kitchen with Kathie Lee and Hoda!!, Check out the new pics of Luke hauling traps up in Maine with a great lobsterman, Ed Perry. Haleigh and Scott were on board with us, and Mary Ann (TODAY show producer) was shooting b-roll for our segment!, The next episode in GQ's Maine Men series: "The Legend of Luke"..., Look, it's Luke with Kathie Lee and Hoda in the TODAY show kitchen!! Tune in tomorrow (~10:45am) for our segment!!, null, Damn those clams look goooooood! Here we are on Grub Street!, Farm (or in our case, TRAP) to table food is a yummy trend!, The NYC Menu Girl likes her schooner!!, Forbes' recap of the Good Beer Festival at BAM!, Foursquare's Dennis Crowley takes the WSJ on a Walkabout in the East Village, including a lunch break at Luke's Lobster!, Look at this beauty!!, NBC "Feasts" its eyes on Cullen Winkler's mural on the Upper East Side!  Check out other great designs on his website at: http://cullenwinkler.com, "I love these lobster rolls!", On the one-year anniversary of the day Luke & Ben met via e-mail, we're proud and super excited to announce our new blog for GQ Magazine!! New posts every Thursday!!, We kept it real at Good Beer at BAM last night.  Maine shrimp rolls + Maine beer = ideal Maine course., Today marks the one-year anniversary of when an "Experienced writer/leader/lobster lover" named Ben saw a Craigslist job post about an upstart lobster business.  He e-mailed Luke, Luke was impressed and the rest is history (although we'd like to think that we're just getting started)!  THANK YOU to our families, friends, crew and mobstas for all your support over this past year!!, Immaculate Infatuation is still pretty infatuated with our lobster roll, whether it's uptown or downtown!, Nicole enjoyed her trip to Maine, er, Luke's Lobster!, Get your GOOD BEER at BAM tickets here: http://www.eventbee.com/event?eid=753415314, Like food? Like beer? So do we, and we'll be celebrating both at BAM tomorrow night, 7/28.  Get your tickets, and we'll see you there!, Bloomberg's Ryan Sutton chats about his 16-round lobster roll taste test (he ranked Luke's as one of the best!)..., Vicki stopped by the New Amsterdam Market and had some lobster..., Check out this amazing Craigslist post we found today.  Even though the post will expire in a matter of days, the love of Luke's will live on...forever., We're in the "-ists" from coast to coast...Gothamist AND LAist!!, Come cheer us on at Bryant Park today at 2:45.  Michael Symon (THE Iron Chef) will declare the winner of the Food Network FOOD FEUD between Luke's and Ed's!!, Take Gothamist's poll and tell them how you (lobster) roll: http://gothamist.com/2010/07/22/lobster_rolls.php, Take Gothamist's poll and tell them how you (lobster) roll: http://gothamist.com/2010/07/22/lobster_rolls.php, Go tell Gothamist how YOU roll..., PIER 54. THE ANTLERS. LUKE'S LOBSTER. FREE CONCERT. TONIGHT. BE THERE., Get on Twitter and show us some love (@LukesLobster)!!  @Gothamist is asking around for the best lobster roll in NYC...well, duh, ours is tops!!, Great lede: "New York’s best lobster rolls cost half as much as New York’s best-known lobster rolls. How do I know? I ate 16 of them."  Not a bad gig..., Worry not, Maine would be spared from the lobster ban!  Strict rules in Maine's lobster fishery are allowing the species to thrive., A trip to Luke's is a little vacation without leaving Manhattan..., Alexis From Texas likes lobster from Maine...well, LUKE'S lobster from Maine..., Profits are down and competition is up for Maine lobstermen, but many white-tablecloth restos are keeping their lobster prices sky-high.  This is why we A) donate to the MLA and B) don't charge you $30 for a lobster roll :), We're part of a trend that Eater has dubbed "dude food"...we'll take it!, BlackBook Mag digs our Empress claws...have you had 'em yet?  You get some with a Taste of Maine and Noah's Ark....if that's not enough, they're $5 for 4 claws!, Another day, another cruise.  Join us tomorrow night with Pattern in Movement & Glass Ghost!!  Tix are $15, show is 21+!  More detes below..., Great pics, great food.  (Really glad they went for the Lobster Tracks...you have no idea what you're missing if you haven't tried it yet.), Let the pre-dinner salivating commence!! (Ain't she a beauty?!), Miracle Whip on a lobster roll?  Please, we barely even like real mayo.  But the longest lobster roll ever (with 45 pounds of meat!)?  SIGN US UP., Meg (aka @queenie_nyc) says the arrivals of Luke's Lobster & Shake Shack on the UES are giving her nabe some serious foodie street cred., A Canadian NYU alum returned to NYC for a vacation....she wishes Luke's had been around to take her campus cash when she was an undergrad!, Meredith came to Luke's and took *awesome* pics.  Glad you enjoyed it all, Mer!, Luke's Lobster = "SOYUMEVERYTIME", A New York Times article about Suchin Pak, co-founder of the lovely Hester Street Fair!!, What are you doing tomorrow night, July 8?  Come to Pier 54 and check out a free show of Phosphorescent (Brooklyn) and Dawes (L.A.) while you munch on Luke's Lobster rolls (which sadly will *not* be free)..., Book Chick Di has added a new fave resto to her book!, We fed Umi...and she liked what she tasted!!, NYC Foodie gives Luke's a stamp of approval!, Hey, look!!  Our sustainable lobstering, donations to the Maine Lobstermen's Association, and straight-up deliciousness scored us a spot in Time Out's Cheap Green Eats!!, HAPPY BIRTHDAY, AMERICA!! We'll be open all day (11am-11pm) to celebrate the birth of our nation!! Come have some Maine lobster with us!!, The Food Network loves lobster rolls.  Go figure, so do we! (And hey, that's OUR roll on their website!), There's no Hester Street Fair on Sunday, July 4, but they're really bringing the heat on Saturday!  Kick off the long weekend with lobster rolls, LES love and a live DJ!  We'll be double-stamping Lobsta Mobstas cards, to boot!, I'M ON A BOAT...er, actually, Luke's Lobster will be on a boat on Friday night!  Join us for a Blues Cruise at 7pm or 10pm, departing from Pier 40! More detes and ticket info below!, Our rolls are a few of her favorite things!, Enjoy a "taste of the good life" at Luke's....for a fraction of the price!, Hungry for summer? Check out LXTV's guide to the best summer foods in NYC!, Whose game is it?  It's yours...especially if you're the mayor of Luke's!  You get a 10% discount EVERY DAY of your reign when you earn the crown at either of our locations!, "Now, I've had lobster salad rolls before, but I can say that this was my first "true" lobster roll.", There have always been debates as to what a true lobster roll is...if you just want a sandwich filled to the brim with fresh lobster, then Luke’s Lobster is the perfect lobster roll in New York City., EATER says we embody "Pottery Barn Nautical" and "Less is More," two of
 this year's new school restaurant design trends!, "Your Newest Maine-stay"...read all about it in The Rundown!, Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there!  You guys are the man!  Kids, if you still need a gift, we have gift certificates...what dad *doesn't* love lobster?!, Small Businesses + Social Media = A Match Made In Heaven!, Look, we're BEST MAINE FOOD AMBASSADOR in Down East magazine!!, Are you salivating yet?, Oh heyyy it's National Lobster Day!!  Get a lobster schooner and mention National Lobster Day to receive TWO stamps on your coveted mobsta card!!, Lobster roll = staple of the "hipster diet", Socially Superlative was on hand to eat some of the best lobster rolls in the city at Tasting Table's Claw-Off!, What are your plans for the weekend?? They ought to include a trip to the Hester Street Fair!!, WE WON BEST LOBSTER ROLL IN NYC AT TASTING TABLE'S CLAW-OFF!! Thanks for voting!! http://bit.ly/9qLTJ7, Looks like we took care of business at Tasting Table's Claw-Off!!  We crushed the competition and were deemed the BEST LOBSTER ROLL in NYC!!!, Missed Tasting Table's Claw-Off last night?  Check it out here..., We're a hot tip on WSJ's Foursquare page!  At Luke's, you'll experience "a study of balance and restraint: four ounces of sweet Maine lobster 
meat, a buttered bun with a brush of mayonnaise and a dash of seasoning" #YUM, VOTE VOTE VOTE!!! Text "60639" to 22333, MOBSTAS!! We need you to mobilize...and fast!!  Cast your vote for Luke's at the Tasting Table Claw-Off by texting "60639" to 22333!!, It's game time, mobstas!!  Like us at the link below...and come cheer us on at Tasting Table's Claw-Off!!, This Yelp event is wild!!, Who's coming to the Yelp Country Club event at Randall's Island?!, Yesterday was the "official" opening of Hester Street Fair on the Lower East Side!, Learn about Foursquare...and then come eat at Luke's and check in!!  Our "mayor" gets 10% off a schooner or Noah's Ark every day!!, Check us out in the Wall Street Journal's Lunchbox section...and then come grab a bite at Luke's!, Keep voting, peeps!  It ain't over til it's over!!, "Don't wait for special circumstances to hit up Luke's...Summer is here, so slip into some Madras shorts and get down to business." (And please, stay away from the McLobster!), Who saw us on LXTV last night?? :), This summer, we'll be giving away a cruise a month to our homeland, MAINE!  We know our lobster has mde you fall in love with Vacationland, so here's your chance to experience the way life should be!, Bravo TV put us in their guide to everything great in NYC!, Heyo, Wall Street Journal!  Read this piece about the lobster roll, Manhattan's summer obsession!, Our shrimp roll is one of NYMag's 101 best sandwiches in NY!, It's officially summer, so bust out your white threads and head over to Luke's Lobster for some delicious Maine grub!!  We're open til 11pm tonight at both locations!!, Eat your heart out at this weekend's Hester Street Fair!!, is open til 1am at both locations tonight!!  Come by, say hi and grab a delicious bite to eat!!, AMAZING food photos from Kerry Alaric Cheeseboro, who stopped by on opening night and munched on a Noah's Ark!, GOTHAMIST tells Gotham about its new UES hot spot!, ZAGAT BUZZ is abuzz in the wake of the grand opening of Luke's Lobster UES!, We're in the (metro)MIX!, null, BREAKING NEWS: TOM BROKAW CAME BY LUKE'S LOBSTER'S UES SPOT *TWICE* TODAY AND SAID HE'S EXCITED FOR THE OPENING!!!, It's May 27th!!!!!!, Eater's guide to making a niche eatery work.  A prime example? LUKE'S LOBSTER., Starting Friday, we're extending our hours (read: summer is heeeere)!! From Sun-Thurs, we'll stay open til 11pm, and Fri and Sat we'll sate your sweet lobster meat cravings til 1am!, Get your GRUB on 81st STREET...starting Thursday!!, Better yet, click the link below and "like" Luke on Facebook!!, Tell Tasting Table who makes your FAVORITE lobster roll (who are we kidding, it's obviously us)!!, Take a TIME OUT and check us out!, Help Nest, an awesome nonprofit that helps female artisans build small businesses in developing countries! They're hosting a fundraiser at the East Village's La Plaza Cultural de Armando Perez on Tuesday night. Tix are $20...and there will be rolls! http://buildanest.com, Kerry wanted to spread the word about Luke's to his Yorkville neighbors!  Great pics await you on his site..., The lobster madness can't stop, won't stop!, MORE sweet news: we'll be serving up blueberry pancakes at Hester Street Fair tomorrow (5/22) from 10am til noon!  Now you can come eat with us for breakfast AND lunch!, VOTE!!!, May 27th....Upper East Side...we're coming!! Check out today's Thrillist feature!!, AWWW(ning)!  Look at our pretty face on the UES!, New York IS one helluva town!  Check out these great pics (and a Luke's Lobster shout-out, obviously)!, Want to be the luckiest guy on the Lower East Side?  Come to the Hester Street Fair this weekend!  (Pssst! We'll be there!), Suchin Pak took the guys of Far*East Movement (FM) around the Hester Street Fair.  And guess what?  They loved Luke's Lobster!, Hey mobstas, just want to let you know that we'll be closed tomorrow (Tuesday) until 5pm.  We know it will be difficult to stave off your craving for a few hours, but we need to make time to put on a fresh coat of paint and do some spring cleaning!, Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful moms out there (especially OURS)!! You rock our world, and we want to thank you for being YOU!!, Dani finally got to try Luke's Lobster! Catch her on Twitter @GrinningGlutton!, Thanks, Han & Diana!  Glad you had fun and enjoyed all those great East Village eats!!, Finally, Laura and Caryn came to their senses! :), Here's part 2 of Luke's interview with Rebecca Marx for Village Voice's Fork in the Road food blog!, Rebecca Marx interviewed Luke for Village Voice's Fork in the Road food blog!, Luke's interview with VAULT about the transition from i-banker to restaurateur!, Every Saturday and Sunday...see you there! www.hesterstreetfair.com, Little Oliver came to Luke's Lobster on Sunday afternoon.  He wasn't that into the crab roll (he's only 2, so we think he needs time to acquire a taste for seafood), but he LOVED reading about Maine and lobstering!, Great write-up of the Hester Street Fair from Racked!  Come next week and shop til you drop...then refuel with Luke's Lobster and keep on shopping!, NYC Food Guy went around to all the vendors at Hester Street Fair's opening day!  Watch his video!, Epic day today!!  Thanks so much to our volunteers who came out to Hands on New York Day, and thank you to all those who waited in line for our lobster roll at Hester Street Fair!!  The fair had more than 11,000 visitors on its first day!!, Suchin Pak talks about the Hester Street Fair...come check it out this weekend!!, Took a trip back to Maine to stock up on some goods for the UES shop and to meet with other Maine businesses., More Hester Street Fair excitement!!, We have such an exciting weekend ahead of us...Hester Street Fair's opening weekend, New York Cares Hands On New York Day, and building out our UES shop!  We'll take lots of pics this weekend to keep all of you updated!!, Driving down from Maine to NYC with a truckload (boatload?) of goodies for the UES outpost!  Great couple of days back home, but we can't wait to get to work on the new resto!, Heading to the Hester Street Fair's opening weekend on Sat & Sun = the hot thing to do this weekend!, Hester Street Fair & Brooklyn Flea face off in New York Mag...we know which one WE prefer! :), We flew up to Portland this morning to meet with some partners and to gather materials for our UES outpost!  Feels good to be home in Maine!, Registration is extended til tomorrow!  Join our team and help us give NYC a spring greening on Sat (4/24)!!, Look at Ben & Henry at yesterday's Lamb Takedown at the Bell House!, Here are some photos from the 2010 Village Voice Choice Eats event, where we fed 900 hungry foodies, bloggers and critics our delectable shrimp roll!, Aaaaand here are your Sunday plans...Our bossman Ben Conniff and his sous-chef-cum-Luke's-Lobster-stringer Henry Chan will be feeding ewe well.  Stop by the Bell House in Brooklyn to cheer them on!, Today is the *last* day to join our team and help us give NYC a spring greening!  Hands on New York Day is 4/24! (And special thanks to one Roger Gill, whose generosity put us wayyyy over our fundraising goal!), Portland, Maine, is the BEST place to live in the WORLD for outdoorsy types!!, Come get your Gifford's ice cream!  We have Lobster Tracks, Old Fashioned Vanilla, Chocolate Lover's Chocolate & Sweet Maine Blueberry!  Your taste buds will thank you!, Here's the SCOOP!, Facebook fans may be valued at $3.60, but WE think you're priceless!, BAM! Glad you stopped by, MK, Julia 
Gulia & Soopahpit!, Paper Magazine (@papermagazine) digs Luke's Lobster.  Thanks, Jake!, Village Voice gives us a shout-out!, NYMag's Grub Street is spreading the news!, Amanda Spurlock (@citymitten) took a trek to Boston and had some lobster rolls...but she likes ours more! :), Eater's excited about our expansion, too!!, It's true! We're docking on the UES come May... http://nyti.ms/bXGdNE, We're moving on up...uptown, that is!   Come find us on the Upper East Side, opening soon!, No plans on April 24? Join our team and help us  pretty New York City at the New York Cares Hands On New York day! http://bit.ly/bAG2dD   (Then come to the Hester Street Fair to sate your hunger!), Summer's just around the corner, so here's @WhyDontYouEatMe's list of the top lobster rolls in the city! And yep, we're #1!, Recap from Village Voice's Choice Eats..., We're teaming up with Baoguette, S'MAC, Led Zeppole and ChikaLicious for Dealist's "Tastes of the Village: East" on May 1-2!  Just $16!, Thanks for the love, Caitlin!, "My current apartment lease is up at the end of May, and I have decided my new apt must be within walking distance to Luke's, and I am searching accordingly. It really is that good." - Melody H on Yelp.  AWESOME., Want to see Luke's Lobster in that pretty "burgundy bible," the ZAGAT guide?  Go ahead and tell 'em!  Register to become a member and vote for your favorite restos!, Hester Street Fair named one of April's best values...and it hasn't even started yet!  See you there on April 24!, The moment you've all been waiting for: the 6-month anniversary schooner winners!  Congrats to Roni-Sue Kave (@roni_sue), A. Scott Falk (@ascottfalk), Monica Asher & Christopher Papa! You've all won two schooners, so bring a friend to share your yummy meal. Thanks & enjoy!!, We opened our doors at 93 E. 7th St on October 1, 2009--today marks our 6-month anniversary!  Thanks for all your support, we're looking forward to many more anniversaries!! (And since you're all curious...drawings for schooners will be this afternoon!), Hey mobstas!  Our 6-month anniversary is on Thursday, and we're giving away some grub to say THANK YOU for your loyalty!  We'll randomly select winners from Facebook and Twitter (two from each), and each lucky winner gets *two* free schooners, so you can enjoy your meal with a friend!  YUM!, Come to Luke's today (3/28) and your crustacean cuisine will help feed hungry New Yorkers!  We've joined dozens of NYC restaurants for Time Out For Hunger, which means we're donating 10% of our sales to the Food Bank!, A superlative review of Choice Eats!, Another recap of Monday's Village Voice Choice Eats!  You foodie bloggers make us so happy!, We'll be helping New York Cares with its annual Hands On New York Day on April 24!  (Yep, our hands don't just make yummy rolls, they also help NYC!)  Join the Luke's Lobster team and lend a helping hand as we beautify our pretty city!, She took a solo trip to Luke's Lobster and loved every minute of it..., Columbia's coverage of Monday's Choice Eats event..., Grub Street dines at Choice Eats..., Gothamist's review of what went down at Village Voice's Choice Eats! (hint: a lot of shrimp rolls!), Luke's Lobster is a meal fit for a Queen(ie)!!, The birthday celebration continues all week long...Come to Luke's and get a Taste of Maine for just $18.20 (Maine's birth year)!  Promo runs through Friday 3/19!, Happy 190th to Maine...but will the state make it to 200? Maybe not in one piece!, Maine turns 190 today!  Come by and get 10% off your meal to celebrate the "birth" of our favorite state!  Happy birthday to ME!, Save the date!!  April 24-25, we'll set up shop at the LES Hester Street Fair!, You know that new LES fair everyone's talking about? The Hester Street Fair? Well, we're the newest vendor! April 24: Be there or be square. (Fan them on FB so you can keep up with all the great vendors!), It's not even spring yet, but Luke's tastes like summer!  Thanks, Frances!, These photos are AWESOME...thanks Kerry!, A Taste of 7th Street review from Jaya, a blogger who claims to have gained "five pounds in six hours"...with all that food for $18, it might not be hyperbole., Some blog love from Cynthia, who enjoyed a free schooner after becoming our 1000th Twitter follower!, Do you love lobster as much as Lady Gaga does?  She has lobster on the mind...literally., A great Taste of 7th Street review by Melody!, If you liked your Taste of 7th Street lobster roll, come by today and get a free taste of a fresh Maine shrimp roll with any purchase!, Come by the Taste of 7th Street and say hi to the team at Luke's!  We love meeting our lobstas mobstas!, Did you go to Taste of 7th Street?  What did you think?  Can we make tomorrow better?  Talk to us!, Come redeem your Taste of 7th Street tickets at Luke's Lobster, Caracas, Butter Lane, Porchetta & Zoom!  It's totally worth the $18 AND the impending food coma!, Take a Time Out from life and fill up your belly with deliciousness on 7th Street!, "...stopped by Luke's Lobster in the East Village and grabbed some rolls...the guy's dad is a lobster fisherman and all the seafood comes from Maine. So simple and so incredibly delicious!" http://bit.ly/dlblaS, Kudos on our Taste of Maine!, Love tail? Get it here!  Check out our shout-out in NY Mag's Grub Street!, WOW! Michelin peeps came in today and tweeted: "Lunch at Luke’s Lobster; the “Noah’s Ark” is a feast of pristine shellfish sweetness.", Taste of 7th Street!, "Examine" this!, More buzz for Taste of 7th Street!!!!, Gothamist loves the Taste of 7th Street Food Crawl!, The chronic-what?-cles of Nam's culinary adventures!, Our very own David Lombroso--a lobster roll prodigy!--has a music video in the Soho Int'l Film Festival! Go check it out tonight!, "One of my readers made a comment a while back when I was writing about Luke's Lobster that 7th st had become a food mecca and lookee here!", Buy your tickets to the Taste of 7th Street!!!!! http://www.scoopst.com/, Love food? Love food crawls? We're happy to announce the inaugural TASTE OF 7 STREET food fest!  Scoop Street is selling tickets to get 5 delicious treats--arepas, lobster rolls, smoothies, cupcakes and pork sammies--at 50% off!  Buy your tickets from Scoop St, which was recently covered by the NY Times!, In light of the storm, StreetWise Partners' Taste of Success event will now take place on February 23!!  Be there!!, StreetWise Partners' Taste of Success event is on rain, snow or shine!  We'll be at City Winery tmrw at 7pm with many other delicious vendors!! http://ny.swpevents.org/, Rush to Luke's to get your SUPER BOWL soup & roll today for just $17!!!, If you're sick of chasing tail, just come to Luke's Lobster.  We have some delicious split-cooked lobster tails!  Get 3 half-tails for $15!, What does success taste like?  Find out at StreetWise Partners' Taste of Success event!  Buy your tickets here:, More recap and photos from Hot Plates Live!, We have grub to get your taste buds singing during tonight's Grammys! Have dinner delivered to your door and go GAGA over our lobster rolls! Call to place your order! (Houston to 14th, B'way to Ave C, plus Stuy Town, $15 min, cash or cc), Hoya saxaaaaaaaa!, We were voted BEST LOBSTER ROLL in a Metromix poll!  We feel humbled, honored, loved, and most of all, excited to serve you NYC's best lobster rolls!, Check out Jess Hartley's blog about last night's Metromix Hot Plates Live event!, Clamoring for clam chowder?  We have it (the white kind!) at Luke's!, Jon Parker does Luke's Lobster (on Twitter @Eateryrow)..., It's a Brees to order your Favre-ite lobster roll!   Get some Luke's Lobster delivered while you watch the Saints & Vikings go at it!, It's the LAST DAY to vote for your fave lobster roll (& other NYC foods!) in Metromix's poll! http://mtro.mx/x/1694173, Last day to vote on Metromix is Jan 24!  Tell em who's boss...of NYC's lobster roll food scene!!, Do you like eating tasty foods?  So do these guys, and they love Luke's!, It finally happened..., Watching the Golden Globes tonight? Get @LukesLobster delivered! An awards show would only be complete with an award-winning lobster roll! Call to place your order! (Houston to 14th, B'way to Ave C, $20 min, cash or cc), DELIVERY SERVICE STARTS TOMORROW!, Ladies and gentlemen, I am proud to announce...LUKE'S LOBSTER DELIVERY! See below for details!, Vote for your favorite lobster roll in Metromix's Manhattan lobster roll showdown! http://ow.ly/UyuE, Tell Metromix NY where YOU get your lobster roll fix!, We won the heart of the wandering eater! Thanks, Tina!, Ever wonder who that lobster-roll-crafting superstar at Luke's is? Get to know us here..., East Village Eats....and becomes a fan of Luke's Lobster., Get your tickets to the Hot Plates event! Only $15 for a yummy night at the Highline Ballroom on Jan 25!, Delivery & Catering, Become the mayor of Luke's Lobster on Foursquare & you'll get 10% off one meal each day of your reign!  Mayor Chris Faile is the lucky mayor...will you be next??, Looking for some crustacean food porn?  Look no further than our own web site!, Hagan & Tina's blog post about Luke's Lobster in 93 Plates, a 31-day eating tour of NYC!, HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!  We open at 2pm today, see you then!, Barbara sings praises for our shrimp rolls!, We were named a top newcomer to the Manhattan food scene!, Our last December schooner winner is Nilsa Lam! Congrats!, Celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay says NO to Canadian lobster...though they're "in the same family as the Canadian lobster, there is something special about getting them from Maine. They are locally sourced and helping to maintain a tradition within the state...they are the same animal–but the most obvious difference is the size and quality of the meat.", And here's Allie being a ham in her lobster tee and reindeer blanket.  What a party animal., Luke with his cousins Hayley, Allie & Hannah in their sweet Luke's Lobster tees!, Immaculate Infatuation's 2009 wrap-up list has arrived!, Named "Best of '09" in L Magazine, alongside Daniel Boulud's DBGB!, Stop by Luke's and sign our petition to become a beer-serving venue! Cheers to that!, OUR HOLIDAY HOURS... Thurs 12/24, 11am-9pm... Fri 12/25, CLOSED... Sat 12/26, 5pm-1am.  Happy holidays!!, Check out this clip of us rocking the New Amsterdam Market on Dec. 20!, Check out p. 110 of MANHATTAN magazine for a blurb about Luke's Lobster and its "hunky young fisherman-chef."  HA!, Adem finds a culinary Eden in the East Village..., A lobster purist celebrates our simple and delicious lobster rolls! Thanks, Jill!, We're the "Meal of the Moment" in Conde Nast Traveler!!, Congrats to Brooke Carpin, winner of this week's business card raffle! Come by and grab your free schooner--lobster roll, pickle, chips, and drink. Everyone else, keep playing you may be the next winner!, Got gifts?  Stop by and pick up a Luke's Lobster tee...we have a variety of colors and sizes and they're only $14! Kenny & Nick model this holiday season's hottest trend here..., Congrats again to Sunny Antrim, who just picked up her free schooner as the winner of our first ever business card raffle! The next drawing is tomorrow at noon, then every Monday for the rest of the month. Get yours in the mix!, Just delivered 150 lobster rolls to Mark Wahlberg, Will Ferrell, Samuel L. Jackson, Eva Mendes, Michael Keaton, Anne Heche, The Rock (Dwayne Johnson), Derek Jeter, and more on the set of the coming film "The Other Guys"!, HAPPY, HAPPY HANUKKAH to all of our Jewish friends, even though the Torah forbids shellfish!!, The bankers club., Luke had some lobster rolls and chowders delivered to his office today...you can do the same! We can do 1 bulk lunch order per day, with a min. of 20 rolls per order...and delivery is FREE!  E-mail lukeslobster@gmail.com to reserve your lunch day!, Luke & Dave, Pauly's ready for some bisque-y business., Luke posing cheesily in his cube., Here's Luke with Hurricane Soup's Phil...A.K.A. the Maine man responsible for soupin' up our menu with delicious chowders and bisques!, BIG SHRIMPIN'!  Come to Luke's and enjoy $1 off your large shrimp roll!  These little morsels boast a mighty big taste of Maine!, See what the foodists have to say about our "buoy-festooned" lobster shack!, Maine shrimping season is here! These little guys pack a big flavor and we're celebrating by giving $1 off every large shrimp roll or shrimp schooner. One bite and you'll join the growing ranks of shrimp addicts! It's worth braving the rain!, Want to revamp your Christmas tree?  Here's some inspiration, straight from Rockport, Maine! http://bit.ly/8SDpj2, Want Luke's to cater your office lunch or holiday parties? No problem!  E-mail us at lukeslobster@gmail.com and we'll send you an order form! It's as easy as A-B-Seafood!, It's shrimp season, come get your fill!, Mobstas, let us know what you think about the Hurricane's chowders and bisques! We value your opinions! Thanks!, If you're feeling crabby, head to Luke's.  Though our namesake is lobster, our crab ain't bad, either!  Thanks, Barbara!, Make it a December to remember! Drop your business card in the pickle jar at Luke's for a chance to win a schooner of your choice! One winner will be picked each Monday this month (please, only 1 card per person per week...no one likes a cheater!), We hit 1000 fans!!  Congrats to Josh Luddeni, whom we are rewarding with a schooner of his choice!!  Thanks for fanning us!!, And here's a shot of Kettle Cove, ME, where Luke used to lobster!, Here's Luke at Papa Holden's seafood company in Maine.  Killer boots, man!, Forget Subway, THIS is how you eat fresh..., Happy Thanksgiving!!  We're closed today, but come back tomorrow for some Maine catch!! (special hours Friday: open from 2pm-10pm), Lobster = turkey of the sea?  Maybe not, but eating it WILL help you avoid the annual tryptophan-induced food coma!, Got porn?  "It was pure ocean porn with a perfectly crisped toasted brown bun! Who’s your daddy?", City Mitten is smitten with Luke's Lobster at the New Amsterdam Market on 11/22!, Cut your own Christmas tree in Maine AND enjoy a oceanside getaway! www.beachmereinn.com, Something to sink your xTEETHx into..., Come by the New Amsterdam Market, where there's 'dam good food, including Luke's Lobster! Grab a taste of Maine at 120 South St, by the Fulton Fish Market!, The New Amsterdam Market is tomorrow from 11am to 4pm. Come nosh on Luke's while you shop for sustainable Thanksgiving food!!, We had a huge October! AlwaysHungryNY.com loves our Taste of Maine and names us one of their favorite restaurants in NYC!, Every TOM, Dick, and Harry loves Luke's Lobster!, Hey Lobsta Mobstas!! Do like Nora did and post your own Luke's Lobster "fan photos" on our Facebook page! Why? Because we want to show you off!, Chow Maine? Yes please!, Come by and try our new soups and chowders from Hurricane's in Greene, Maine! We're taking the East Village by "storm"!  bit.ly/2gxjD1, Hurricane's soups are taking the East Village by storm at Luke's!, Kathy has a passion for food... and her Saturday brunch looks pretty delicious!, Luke's Lobster gets a shout-out from social media guru Zachary Cohen and host Nicole Taylor on "Hot Grease"...start rolling at the 30 min mark!, Keeping "current" with a wave of press in ME..., A Portland foodie puts Luke in the Maine-stream media!, Always hungry for Luke's Lobster? You're not alone!, Luke's would like to say THANK YOU to all of our brave veterans...show us your VA or VID card today and get 25% of your roll, ark or schooner!, We love social media!, Is Luke YOUR Maine Man, too?, NEWSFLASH: We're closing early today because we've sold out of seafood!  We'll be back in action at 11am with plenty of lobster, crab and shrimp to keep you satisfied!  Sorry for the inconvenience!, Another blog write-up is added to the "mix"..., Great piece on Luke's Lobster by Dean Stattmann, a NYU journalism undergrad..., It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood! Enjoy your lobster roll alfresco, say at the University Place Fall Fair on University from Waverly to 14th?  We've set up shop by 9th Street, so stop by!, You can help stimulate the economy, too!  All it takes is a passion for food and retail (read: our "expertly toasted" seafood rolls and Luke's Lobster tees)., UNIVERSITY PLACE FALL FAIR THIS SATURDAY!

We'll be selling at the University Place Fall Fair this Saturday from 11 to 6. Come enjoy a lobster roll in the beautiful fall weather (forecast: 55
degrees and sunny!) in Greenwich Village. Our booth is on University Place between 8th and 9th Streets. NYU students: take a break from your
homework--feeding your stomach will feed your brain!, Ran the NYC Marathon? You must be exhausted and hungry, so refuel at Luke's Lobster.  You'll get 25% off your roll, ark or schooner when you show us your race number!, YOU ARE WHAT YOU EAT!, L Magazine deems us the best lobster roll in the city in their first-ever restaurant awards!, EAT LOBSTER, SUPPORT EQUALITY IN MAINE
Earlier this year, Maine's legislature passed a law granting same sex couples the right to marry. On election day (one week!) Maine citizens will be asked to strip that right away with Proposition 1, which would overturn the marriage equality law. Luke's supports equal rights for all Mainers, so we're encouraging Maine ex-pats to vote NO on Prop 1. To bolster the cause, this Thursday we'll donate $1 for every roll we sell to the No on 1 Campaign. Come stand (and eat) with us!, Take a gander at the beautiful Boothbay Harbor...it's one of the places where we catch our delicious lobsters!, The urban food guy knows what's up., Another awesome New Amsterdam review in "Farm to Table"...though in our case it's more like "Ocean to Table"!  Thanks for the great write-up, Zach!, A review of yesterday's New Amsterdam Market, where we caused "mayhem" with our lobster rolls!, Luke, Ben, Evi and Emily selling to huge, happy crowds at the NAM on Sunday, Oct. 25. It was a beautiful sunny day by the old Fulton Fish Market, and we're looking forward to doing it again in November!, Word has spread west to the Twin Cities! Perhaps it's Manifest Destiny?, is selling shellfish down by the (South Street) Seaport.  Supplies are dwindling, lines are long. Ergo: HURRY!, Come meet Luke and Ben and eat delicious seafood rolls @New Amsterdam Market, right by the historic Fulton fish market, on Sunday from 11-4! Weather: 60 degrees and sunny!, NEWSFLASH: Jack, Jim, the Captain and Jose all agree that Luke's Lobster is the Absolut best place to cure your late-night munchies., Read about "what Beth ate" at Luke's Lobster here..., For those of you who are big seafood EATERS..., Just bought an *awesome* Halloween costume...what are YOU going to be??, It’s two-stamp Tuesday! From 12-2, get 2 stamps on your Lobsta Mobsta card when you buy a LARGE LOBSTER roll! Only 1 two-stamp per card!, Just another Maine-ic Monday...great day for some seafood rolls, no?, "Wined & Dined" celebrates the scrumptious sandwiches of 7th Street!, "Pearl, Ed, Mary, meet Luke," NYC's new infatuation., An L Magazine lady goes "gaga" for LL!, If we can make it there, we'll make it anywhere: a great review in the NEW YORK TIMES!  http://www.nytimes.com/2009/10/14/dining/reviews/14brief-002.html?ref=dining, Check out our review on Joonbug! http://newyork.joonbug.com/cultivated/Lobsters-Direct-from-Maine-to-East-Village-Cultivated-New-York/HNNJ2hwA58g, Even Broke-Ass Stuart has a craving for lobster! http://brokeassstuart.com/2009/10/11/lukes-lobster-nyc/, Knights of Columbus (Day), it's a holiday weekend!  Lobster, crab and shrimp rolls, anyone??, TGIF...we're thinking a lobster roll is a perfect way to end the week!, Check out our lobster tale!, We're a "new obsession" and we like it! http://www.snackish.com/2009/10/06/lukes-lobster/, We're in the NYTimes! http://www.nytimes.com/2009/10/07/dining/07off.html?_r=1 Alongside Daniel Boulud, Capital Grille, and Chanterelle...not bad company to keep. http://www.nytimes.com/2009/10/07/dining/07off.html?_r=1, Lobstaphiles, bring a friend (or a lover!) to Luke's to try the Noah's Ark!  It's the perfect meal for Tue(sday)., Case of the Mondays? Print this page (facebook or twitter) or flash it to us on your phone and get a free order of empress claws when you buy a lobster roll! One per customer, while supplies last. See you soon!, Big thanks to everyone who came by during our very busy opening day!!!  Share your thoughts on Yelp!, We are officially open! Come on by to say hi and grab a taste of Maine!!, Hey, New York!  Are you ready for the East Village's Maine attraction?!  Only 24 hours to go!, Our food permit is approved! Thursday opening is on! See you between 11 and 2!, Time Out New York!, Butter & Mayo = OPTIONAL!, Some Serious press!, The thrill of Thrillist!, A first peek at the goods!, null, Check us out on Tasting Table!, null, Hoya Coverage!

http://www.nyhoyas.com/article.html?aid=288, null, null, Check us out on nymag.com:  http://bit.ly/q5ysE, null)