List(null, Some mozz sticks and a Guinness to brighten up the day ☺️, Loving this his and hers photo from @hopeuwin, Doesn't get much better than pizza and a beer 😎, Tots on tots on tots!, Happy Easter!, We love @paintnite! #DrinkDifferent, Blackened tuna 😍, A pic from last weeks plant nite! Stay tuned for our next one!, A little bit of wilderness brought into the city, Beer, band and the SUN?  Come and celebrate St Pattys day with us.  Can't ask for a better day., What a lovely article by The Boston Globe about our sister restaurant, The Black Rose!  Happy St. Paddy's Day!, Just because we love Jameson!, What diet?, From the original Clerys in Dublin!, We're working on a new look. Come check it out!, Countdown to happy hour is on. Come by and try Harpoon Brewery newest addition to their summer time line up Camp Wannamango Pale Ale. Sure to please on this first spring day., Wing Wednesday!, Clam chowder... Extra clams!, An aerial shot of the beauty that is our Certain Death Nachos 😋, Happy Friday!, Two weeks and counting until St.Patrick's Day!!, Tater tot nachos. Yes, please., It's never too early for cocktails!, Check out the Rare Day event happening at our sister restaurant Brownstone tonight!, Join us for a Rare Day event at our sister restaurant Brownstone!, Think you can handle our Certain Death nachos?, The perfect ending to a long Thursday!, It's never too early..., Come check out the fresh paint job!, Our pulled pork sammy is what dreams are made of... And it goes perfectly with an ice cold beer 😜, Your half way through the work week, treat yo self!, How could you say no to these Truffle Tots?, Brunch time calls for Bloodys., Holy nachos!, Warm up with our delicious chilli con carne!, We love Wing Wednesday!, null, Join us for dinner tonight - we open at 4!, The face of a champion. Brady Zupan aka "Matty Buck". Thank you to our great sponsor Bud Light., The 5th annual Bud Light Wing Eating Contest. Let the games begin., Don’t forget to get your tickets to our Super Bowl party tomorrow!http://ow.ly/Y20Wp, Join us for the Super Bowl this weekend and have your try at the 5th Annual Wing Eating contest! Thanks Eater Boston for including us!

Tickets here ----> http://goo.gl/qqqB6K




http://boston.eater.com/maps/best-boston-sports-bars-super-bowl, Start the weekend early., null, http://touch.metro.us/boston/50-things-to-eat-drink-and-do-for-super-bowl-50/zsJpbc---q7mfJrjsuRsFs/, Would anyone care for some afternoon beverages? 🍻 #bostonbar, Tickets are selling fast. Make sure to reserve you seats for the big game., null, null, Sunday funday 🍻🍗 #bostonbar, Trying the new @samueladamsbeer Nitro White Ale 🍻 #bostonbeer #bostonbar, Stop by for all you can eat wings tonight! 🍗🍻, Stop into Clerys before, during and after the game tomorrow to try out nitro white ale, It's Clerys time. ⏰, Thought you knew where Clerys got it's name? Check out #2, All you can eat wings tonight! Come get 'em! #AllYouCanEat #WingsForDays, 🐟🐟🐟🐟, Keeping it healthy today... Let's see how long this lasts, January is the perfect time to host your holiday party! Book yours with us today!, A #repost of @kryan9 picture of the #JohnHancockBuilding artwork just above us!, Nachos on nachos on nachos.

https://instagram.com/p/_2Vv2lw668/, Looking to catch #UFC195 tonight? Get to Sports Grille Boston tonight before 9:30 for FREE cover!, Last chance to get your NYE tickets! #NYE2016 http://ow.ly/WtvNj, Join us for New Year's Day brunch!, Get your tickets for our New Years Eve party today before they sell out! http://ow.ly/WqaZg, Looking for somewhere to go this NYE? Get your tickets now! http://ow.ly/Wo2Zv, We're closed today! Head over to our sister restaurant, The Black Rose, for after-dinner drinks & live Irish music!, null, We will be open tomorrow till 5pm be sure to stop by before you head out of the city!, Now through Christmas all e-gift cards are 20% off! http://ow.ly/WgNlU, Last minute sale - get 20% off e-gift cards now thru Christmas! Valid at all TEN locations! https://goo.gl/KweqMS, Anything covered in fried onion strings & bacon is good in our book! #WedgeSalad, Times running out! Book your event!, http://ow.ly/VJgFp, All set for some #SNF ! #PatriotsvsTexans #PatriotsNation, http://ow.ly/VJgzh, Join us this New Year's Eve! 

Get your tickets here: clerysnye2016.eventbrite.com, null, Thank you, Loraine, for all of your hard work these past 25 years with the Glynn Hospitality Group. We are forever grateful for your tireless work ethic and positive outlook!, http://ow.ly/VD3yP, http://ow.ly/VA6Kp, null, Join us for our Holiday Shopping Event and get a taste of some of Chef Kelly's specialties!, null, Get your holiday shopping done early! Our gift cards can be used at all 10 locations! http://ow.ly/ViFvW, #CyberMonday is here! Get this deal before it's gone! http://ow.ly/VhJpT, Happy Black Friday! Get a $10 bonus card for every $50 in gift cards purchased!, null, Just a sneak peek of some of the goods from our local vendors that you'll see at our holiday shopping event on Tuesday!, We're hosting a holiday shopping night featuring local artists and vendors! Join us for a night of eating, drinking, and shopping! Tuesday December 1st!, Nobody likes holiday shopping... We can make yours a little easier this year! Get your gift cards today! http://ow.ly/ULZaa, December 1st will be a epic night of shopping, drinking and snacking!! Join us from 5 to 8 and shop local artisans while sipping wine and sampling apps from our events menu., Don't forget about all you can eat wings every Monday!, Who needs Black Friday? We're starting our sale NOW! http://ow.ly/UYBN5, Skip the mall this holiday season!, Our gift cards are redeemable at all 10 Glynn Hospitality Group restaurants! Get your holiday shopping done early! http://ow.ly/ULYOR, Come find some great hand-made gifts from local vendors at our Etsy Holiday Shopping Night!, Looking to score tickets to this weekend's #ShamrockSeries to watch the Boston College Eagles take on the Notre Dame Fighting Irish at Fenway Park? We've got you covered!
Head to our sister restaurant, Dillon's, TONIGHT to win free tickets!!, Grab a drink, grab a gift. Two birds with one stone!, The holidays are here and we have the perfect gift! Get yours today! http://ow.ly/ULUYK, null, Reuben Arancinis are the perfect mid afternoon snack! ☺️, We have all your Football Sunday essentials!, Its Friday... Treat yourself!, Still scrambling for a place to watch Ronda Rousey take on Holly Holm tomorrow night in #UFC193? Head over to our sister restaurant, Sports Grille Boston, to catch this historic UFC matchup! Doors open at 8 PM!, Who knew a veggie burrito could be so good!, This cold and rainy day calls for some seriously delicious Short Ribs for dinner! :-P, Celebrate #NationalSandwichDay with us 😍, Cobb Salad for lunch!, Snack time anyone? Come get our new Reuben Arancinis!, Fish Tacos for the win!, Looking to book your holiday party? Shoot us an email to clerys@irishconnection.com!, Bruins vs. Coyotes tonight! Lets go B's!, All you can eat wings tonight from 3-10, $12 per person. You know you want to..., Buffalo Chicken Dip and football pretty much go hand in hand right?, We've got our new Karaoke Steak Frites on the mind! Getting hungry?, These steak and cheese egg rolls will definitely cure your Saturday hangover... Happy Saturday!, Have you tried our new Rod's Mozz Sticks yet? Homemade by Chef Kelly himself!, Stop by for a #thirstyThursday drink later!, Love cider? Check out our sister restaurant Granary Tavern for their Lookout Farm Tap Takeover!! #LookoutFarm, Feeling thirsty? Head over to Granary Tavern for a Look Out Farms Tap Takeover all night long!, Kicking off our fall winter menu this week and the new additions are nothing short of delicious!, StumpTrivia! Tonight at 7! Get your team together and come by!, Looking for something to do next weekend? Check out the first annual Brunch Battle hosted by Gather. Our sister restaurant, Brownstone Boston, plans to take home the (pan)cake!

Get your tickets here: http://ow.ly/SW8hV, Come put your useless knowledge to good use tomorrow at Stump!Trivia at 7!, Shaping up to be a good game this weekend and we can't wait! #GoDawgs  http://ow.ly/SNUr0, null, If your a Bulldogs fan make sure you come catch the game with the rest of the alumni tomorrow at 12! #UGABulldogs #GoDawgs #UGABostonAlumni, A little #tbt for all the Redskins fans. Come watch the Redskins beat the Giants tonight at Clerys!, First of a series of three! Come for the Alabama game and sign up for your personalized etched Georgia glass! Get here early, only 50 available., Georgia 24 - USC 10, It's a beautiful day in Athens, Georgia! 
WOOF, WOOF, WOOF!!, Celebrate National Cheeseburger Day with us.  $5 1/3lb cheeseburgers all day. The countdown to lunch is on., Clerys welcomes all Washington Redskins fans, near and far. Whether you live here or just passing through, stop in and catch a game!, Where Redskins fans come to meet!!, Clerys has NFL Sunday ticket! Watch ALL your home teams here... no matter where you're from!!, http://www.boston.com/entertainment/2015/09/12/where-boston-watch-your-favorite-college-football-team/bUuV3AhPyG0Qw7PW2t6pmM/story.html?s_campaign=bcom%3Asocialflow%3Afacebook, Clerys Boston is looking for outgoing, personable candidates to join our team!! 
We are filling the following positions: 
Host
Food runner 
Door staff 
Please email your resume to ClerysBoston113@gmail.com or stop in to fill out an application., People still talk about Christopher Columbus discovering America. Don't you want to be the one to discover the new go-to place for watching sports and dining in Boston? Check out the newly reopened Sports Grille Boston for different deals throughout the month of September!, Goooo Dawgs, Sic 'em, Woof Woof Woof!!, All of New England right now...

https://vine.co/v/eddzhMjxDag, The average person does what 13 times a day?

Trivia tonight at 8 PM!, Just in case you weren't sure how to attack All You Can Eat Wings tonight...

http://www.buzzfeed.com/kater11/how-to-eat-chicken-wings-like-a-genius#.ovZKExwlGK, Fridays are for splurging. On nachos., You've made it half-way through the week. Reward yourself., Looking to have your #FantasyFootball draft somewhere? We have multiple packages available! Email clerys@irishconnection.com for more info!, You know what Monday means.. All You Can Eat Wings starting at 3 PM!, Email clerys@irishconnection.com for package details!, Short Rib Grilled Cheese for lunch. Please and thank you., Wings are always on the menu. But they're all you can eat on Mondays! Come and get 'em., A little ode to home.

http://www.irishtimes.com/business/retail-and-services/ten-fascinating-facts-about-clerys-1.2247766, null, https://www.facebook.com/events/1463062877337496/

Clerys boston is proud to host this event and be part of the celebration of this monumental decision! Join us tonight and continue to make history!!!, null, Rain going to ruin your golf game? Clouds souring your beach plans? 

Clerys has all you can eat wings from 3 to 7pm today. 

These guys are smothered in Gretzky sauce, just 1 of 5 flavor choices. 
Free order of Gretzky wings to the first person to come in and tell us why they are called Gretzky!!, TACOS TACOS TACOS!!! 
Today's wicked awesome taco... Cajun shrimp $4 till 7pm, Half-priced pizzas today until 7pm! Grab one before you head off to see Entourage!! #Gronk #TB12 #AriGold, Two Sox games today, that's double the time to stop into Clerys for a baseball snack! Beer battered pretzels, dogs & sausages., Samuel Adams and Country 102.5 WKLB Boston want to meet you on the patio at Sterlings in downtown Boston!, Get your tickets in advance... for The Great American Block Party! 
This epic event will take place on Thursday, June 18 from 5pm – 10:30pm on Central St. behind Central Wharf Co.in the Financial District.

For those that have experienced this celebration in the past, you know the drill!  For the first-timers out there, you can expect a night filled with live music from Dalton and the Sheriffs and Louie Bello, plenty of food and drinks, and an amazing outdoor experience all in the name of charity!, PLAY BALL!!! 
It's 3:15 and Clerys is cooking up our ballpark snacks. Served 1 hour before and during all Redsox games. This cheeseburger burrito, with the fries on the inside, hits it right outa the pahk!!, It's TACO time!!! 
Every Tuesday & Thursday from 3 to 7. Today's feature is Thai chili steak tenderloin, fried onions and jalapeños, house made guac, shredded lettuce and spicy taco sauce!, null, Do you think you have what it takes?, Kicking off our new summer souper lunch today!!! Monday thru Friday from 11-3. Try our Thai Noodle Salad or Shrimp Lettuce Wraps and pair with a cup of our award winning chowder or street corn!, Join us during all Redsox games, starting 1 hour before and stretching right through the last inning! For every bag of Cracker Jacks ordered $1 will be donated to the South End baseball league!!! Come support our local youth, Summah  is here!!! Or at least right around the corner... drop in to Clerys for a ballpark snack and a Leneinkugel lemon shandy during a Sox game or after a hard days work for one of our weekly specials., Tell your wife you've gone fishin...
$1 oysters every Friday from 3 to 7!!! Today's feature is Blue point oysters found off the waters of Long Island's Great South Bay., Check out some live music on our sister store Dillons patio., Come celebrate with a couple ice cold Coronas or smooth shot of tequila. Happy Cinco., Looking for something different tomorrow? Check out The Black Rose, Host your breakfast, brunch or lunch buffet at Clerys. Perfect for showers, graduations or a thank you brunch for your overnight wedding guests. Contact us at 617-262-9874 for more information, The Bulleit Bourbon Woody will be parked on our patio this Friday May 1st, from 5 to 7!! Please RSVP to vkesaris@unitedliquors.com too enjoy complimentary cocktails and apps! Derby attire is encouraged only a few spots left so book today!!, Celebrate Mom, Dads & Grads with our Give More, Get More online gift card special. Purchase $50 in gift cards online and receive a FREE $10 Bonus Gift Card + FREE shipping!! 
April 22nd-May 6th!, null, It's almost game time. Come by and try some of our fun ball park fair., Online Ordering for Takeout is Now Available Monday - Friday from 11am to 3pm!

Get started by clicking below. Simply select the menu items you want, add them to your cart and checkout. Your order will be sent to the restaurant and will be ready at the time you specify. It's that easy!, Join us at Dillon's on April 1st from 6PM - 8PM as we celebrate the return of Boston 26.2 Brew!

All proceeds from Boston 26.2 Brew sold along the Marathon route will be donated to the Greg Hill Foundation, and at this event Dillon's will be donating .50 cents of every pint sold!

 Join us as we raise a pint #fortheloveofboston!, null, Wings and Basketball. What more can you ask for. Hmmmm, maybe a couple of drinks to wash it down. Let the madness begin., Happy St Patrick's Day. The beers are settling and the corned beef and cabbage is ready. Come by for a pint or two., Starting off St. Paddy's weekend right! Budweiser and their bag pipers will be back tomorrow night at 10pm!! Join us early, Today's homemade soups feature Roasted cauliflower, Zuppa Toscano, Chicken noodle & Chicken Taco soup!! Pair one or two of these delicious soups with a half entree., #DIGOUTDINEOUT was such a success we have decided to extended it till the 10th of March! Stop in anytime for half price pizza., Have you heard about our new Souper Lunch... Bottomless soup and half entree for $10!!! 
Today's soups are, golden beet & parsnip, traditional chicken noodle, cream of potato leek and sausage supreme with pizza crouton! The sausage supreme is my favorite!, Our two good friends have been nominated for The Boston A-List 
St. Patrick's Day Showdown! Be sure to vote for Coogan's Boston & The Black Rose!

http://boston.cityvoter.com/bracket/st-patrick-s-day-showdown-2015/232, Get on it., Check out our new lunch feature! Bottomless soup with choice of half entree all for $10. 
Monday thru Friday 11 to 2., Sign up for the Glynn Hospitality Group Newsletter and receive emails about upcoming events and specials being offered at all of our locations!, Stop in today an grab one of our Souper Lunch features!!
 A half entree and bottomless soup for $10. Try all FOUR!
Golden Beet & Parsnip
Chicken Noddle 
Cream of Potato Leek 
Sausae Supreme with pizza crouton, Come by today for one of our Endless Soup Bowls. Today's soups are: chicken noodle, cream of broccoli, sausage supreme and golden beet and parsnip., You called, emailed and screamed it from the roof tops!! WE LISTENED! 

Philly steak spring rolls are BACK... enjoy them for lunch or dinner with a Heavy Seas  IPA., The heat wave has finally moved in and it's a toasty 36 degrees in the South End! The roof rakes are sold out, the ice dams are melting and it's time to come out of the house. Stop into Clerys now through March 1st and enjoy half priced pizza! #DigOutDineOut, Chef Kelly making it happen with his Big Beefy chili., Starting tomorrow! #DigOutDineOut, The Sammy's are calling. #openinbos open today at noon for lunch., #openinbos we will be open for 5pm for drinks. See you soon., Please visit our sister store for a little brunch before we open up tonight., We want you to know you're a valued guest
And we'd love you to chose us above the rest
So here is a token of our thanks
The gift inside is not a prank
On the month of March please come in again
To watch some basketball with all your friends
And redeem the gift that is hidden inside
But please don't peek, it should remain a surprise!!! 

Starting today stop into Clerys enjoy a snack and get your March Madness Giveaway envelope! Return during any March Madness game to claim your prize!, We want you to know you're a valued guest
And we'd love you to chose us above the rest
So here is a token of our thanks
The gift inside is not a prank
On the month of March please come in again
To watch some basketball with all your friends
And redeem the gift that is hidden inside
But please don't peek, it should remain a surprise!!! 

Starting today stop into Clerys enjoy a snack and get your March Madness Giveaway envelope! Return during any March Madness game to claim your prize!, Comfort food 101 class will start at noon today. Come by for one of our pub classics to get you through the day., Feels like déjà vu. Let's eat, drink and watch the snow fall together. Opening at 11am. See you soon., A few years back Chef Snogles came in second and boy was he mad. He is back and in search of the #1 spot with BIG BEEFY'S EXTRA MEAT CHILI!! 
Buy your tickets here! http://bit.ly/ChiliCup2015, Warm up with some of these beauty's., Stop in early and warm up with our lunch features. Tuna melt on rye with a Sam Adams or try Chef's handmade gnocchi with Italian breaded chicken and a glass of pinot noir., Stop in to Clerys before and after the parade to celebrate,  get warm and enjoy a snack!, Bring on the Ducks. See you all tomorrow at 9am., Keefe! Keefe! Keefe! Keefe!, 7 challengers, 20 wings each... 4th annual wing eating contest, The contestants!, Celebratory hug at clerys during that last Pats touchdown! Now that's what we like to see!, If these don't warm you up then, we don't know what will. C'mon by we are open all night., Come by and watch the big kid toys do their thing on this snowy day. #crushtheblizzard, Doors are about to open at noon. Come by for a burger and a beer. Let's crush this blizzard together., Are you a competitive eater? Or a competitive person that loves wings? Take part in the 4th Annual Wing Eating Contest at Clerys Boston on Superbowl Sunday!

Tickets include a guaranteed seat, 2 beers, an appetizer sampler platter and a pizza buffet... all for only $25! 

 Purchase tickets at: www.clerysfootballparty.eventbrite.com, Are you a competitive eater? Or a competitive person that loves wings? Show us what you got on Superbowl Sunday in our 4th Annual Wing Eating Contest!  

Tickets include a guaranteed seat, 2 beers, an appetizer sampler platter and a pizza buffet... all for only $25! 

Purchase tickets at:   www.clerysfootballparty.eventbrite.com, Get your tickets now for the 6th Annual Boston Chili Cup! Clerys Boston, Dillon's Boston and Central Wharf Co. will all be participating this year!, null, null, Jamaican jerk sea scallop with pineapple salsa...Amazing! A great starter app for Chef Kelly's Bolognese., null, null, Get your tickets now for our 4th Annual Football Party!, null, Red Bull Frozen Rush returns to the slopes of Sunday River Ski Resort this Friday at 12:30pm! 

Watch the event live on Red Bull TV with us Clerys Boston, null, null, We are sold out for New Year's but our sister restaurants Brownstone Boston and Dillon's Boston still have a few tickets available. Happy New Year everyone!, null, Time is running out!! Only a handful of tickets remain for our NYE celebration!! Get yours now at clerysNYE2015.eventbrite.com, Wow! What an amazing day out! If you are starting to get cabin fever, head out for a stroll and visit us for a sociable. Doors are open for lunch., Countdown is one...just three days to Christmas and nine days to New Year's Eve!, Clerys managers are in full holiday spirit. Come on by for some good holiday fun., Who knew planning a Christmas party could be such a tricky and arduous task. lol, null, Clery's New Year's Eve is always a neighborhood favorite and tickets usually sell out early. With just a couple of weeks left leading up to the big night.... ;) Tickets available on Eventbrite., Celebrate the new year with us here at Clerys Boston!! Grab your tickets before they run out!!, Still looking for gift ideas for that beer aficionado on your list?, It's your last chance to get 20% off your online gift card purchase of $50 or more! Use Code: GLYNNGIFT before Monday, December 15th!, Hey all you last minute party planners! Clery's still has some select dates available for functions with no minimum/room fees. email Clerys@irishconnection.com for more info, Happy Repeal Day! Join us for a cocktail and give thanks ;) Celebrate the 81st anniversary of the end of the Prohibition, with these key cocktails from past nine decades:, If you are in the Back Bay area to see the Boston Common Tree lighting, join us afterwards for an adult hot toddy to warm up or feel free to join us for dinner beforehand with the family., If you are one of those last minute planners...don't worry, we still have some openings available for your holidays parties. From smaller more intimate gatherings to larger events, let us help you celebrate the holidays and bring in the New Year., Get your tickets now before time runs out!, null, null, null, You have to love this wicked awesome city!, A sunny Saturday in the South End...a great day for college football and our 'Greasy Spoon' brunch., It's a sports weekend! Boston Celtics this evening, Boston Bruins tomorrow day, Georgia Bulldogs tomorrow night and New England Patriots on Sunday. Come watch all the games at Clery's...Boston's Neighborhood Bar!, Trivia tonight starts at 8pm..., null, null, Tickets are still available for Wednesdays Beer Dinner at Brownstone Boston, What a beautiful Saturday Day! Start the day off right and join us for our 'greasy spoon' Saturday Brunch!, Purchase your tickets now for a 4 course pairing dinner at our sister restaurant Brownstone. Chef Kelly's menu is sure to impress!  

 Amuse:
 Moody blue smoked blue cheese, cranberry-poblano marmalade, house focaccia -paired with Lagunitas Czech Pilsner

 Appetizer:
 Roasted carrot and apple soup with cascade hop oil, mini rye and brie grilled cheese -paired with Lagunitas IPA

 Entree:
 Seared Long Island duck breast, malted barley rissotto, parsnip, sticky orange sauce, shaved mexican chocolate. -paired with Lagunitas Imperial Red

 Dessert:
 Big Finish: Affogato made with Lagunitas imperial stout, homemade cinnamon gelato, fig biscotti, and fresh whipped cream, Game Day (Boston Bruins vs. Edmonton Oilers) AND...it's National Nachos Day! See you at 7pm. ;), null, Boston Bruins vs. The Florida Panthers tonight. If you are not heading downtown for the game, join us at Clerys Boston! Little pre-game preview., null, National Sandwich Today! Join us at lunch (or dinner) for a comfort sandwich and some soup to beat the cold. Today is a great day for a Grilled Cheese Clery's way: GRILLED CHEESE  11
NY State sharp cheddar, bacon, avocado, tomatoes, basil aioli, grilled bread and add some pulled pork., Happy Halloween! #dazedandconfused, #1 on the list....be a regular at a neighborhood bar! Well, we already have 400 regulars but we still have room for a few more., Our boys are in action tonight against Minnesota Wild. Game starts at 7pm. Come in for the City's Best Chicken wings and cheer on the Boston Bruins. Clery's...Boston's Neighborhood Bar with over 400 regulars, This Thursday Clerys Boston we will be hosting a promo with Patrón XO Cafe from 6pm to 8pm. It's a little early in the week but we like to get a jump on things. ;), There is a Bud Light  promo tonight at Clerys Boston. We will be giving away tickets for the New England Patriots vs Detroit Lions game and a mini-fridge. All you need to do to win in be here and enjoy a few bevvies. Festivities start at 7:30pm. New England Revolution team members will be onsite to join the festivities and sign autographs., null, It's the Head Of The Charles Regatta this weekend! If you are in the Back Bay visit us at Clerys Boston., Come join our already 400 strong group of amazing regulars. Clerys Boston is 'The' neighborhood bar in the Back Bay / South End. Get out of the rain and come watch the B's take on Montreal tonight. A little Boston Bruins game day video to get psyched!, Almost 4pm which means 1/2 Price Appetizers! See you after work., If you are in the Back Bay with Columbus Day off, join us in cheering on our Boston Bruins, What a fantastic day for some New England Patriots Football! See you at 1pm to watch Brady put on a clinic. Sunshine, award-winning chicken wings and craft beers...a great lineup to kick off #SundayFunday, Clery's...home in Boston for all the Georgia Bulldogs alum and supporters. GO DAWGS!, We don't mind sharing the awards...Clery's still is the list leader on Best Chicken Wings in Boston but congratulations to our friends at Granary Tavern for making WBZ | CBS Boston Boston's Best List for Places To Go for Fall Cocktails. http://boston.cbslocal.com/top-lists/bostons-best-fall-cocktails, null, If you are done in the Financial District / Fanuel Hall area...visit Central Wharf Co. They posted a photo album of restaurant pics. It's a great looking room. , Next week our friends at Dillon's are catering the FireFighters calendar release party Royale. If you are free Thursday, stop by and support the Burn Foundation. Tickets are available at http://royaleboston.com/events/turn-up-the-heat-boston-firefighters-calendar-launch/, Told you our wings were first class!!! Proud to be part of this list. Monday night all you can eat wings here at Clerys. , Happy Georgia Bulldog day!!, null, Looking for a good excuse to put the seer sucker on one more time? Join our friends over at Sterlings for their Great American Patio Party starting at 2pm! , null, null, Is there anything better than Monday Night Football, all you can eat wings and cold beer!?! We don't think so!, The room is starting to fill and the countdown is on to kick off., Welcome to Redskins fans. Looking forward to a great first season., Clerys Boston welcomes Georgia bulldogs for the 2014-2015 season. GO DAWGS!!, Join us @Clerysboston on Friday for $1 Oysters, The busy season is just beginning and @ClerysBoston is looking for fun, energetic people to join our team! Door staff and servers needed immediately! Apply at ClerysBoston113@gmail.com, The busy season is just beginning and @ClerysBoston is looking for fun, energetic people to join our team! Door staff and servers needed immediately! Apply at ClerysBoston113@gmail.com, Clerys is proud to say that for the past 15 years we have been honored to be the Boston home of the Georgia Bulldogs! It has been our pleasure and we hope the tradition continues for 15 more years. We are now pleased to announce that Clerys will be the official bar for the WASHINGTON REDSKINS @BostonRedskins Join us every Sunday to watch the Skins!!!, Come in tonight while the New England Revolution bartend along side the Clerys staff to raise money for the ThinkTaylor Foundation!! Players serving at 7pm! Check out this pic from last year!!, Are you ready for some football?! 

  Game 1 : Saturday, August 30th : Clemson vs UGA @ 5:30pm, Don't forget... Half priced apps today from 4 to 7!!!, New England Rev Girls will be stopping by tonight to promote next Thursday's Revolution Celebrity Bartending Event!! Check out these photos from last years event...  http://ow.ly/i/6yCri http://ow.ly/i/6yCsh, Join us on the patio at Sterling's on Saturday, September 20th for an afternoon filled with endless craft beers, oysters, chowder & more as we kick off fall 2015 in Boston!

$25 tickets. Sample over 20 beers from 5 local breweries, delicious food & live music.

Proceeds from the event will benefit The Great American Foundation and their efforts to support The Alliance for Children.
, FOUR more hours of $1 oysters! Join us every Friday from 11am to 11pm for delicious oysters. This week we are featuring Pleasant Bay!, IT'S BURGER & A BEER DAY!!! @ClerysBoston
1/4 burger topped with lettuce and tomato.... and a 16oz Bud Light draught! 11-4PM, Check out some of our new daily specials @ClerysBoston Stop in at lunch or after work and take advantage!!, null, $1 pleasant bay oysters all day on Fridays at Clerys. 22oz Miller lite or Coors light drafts $5, null, null, Brendan Mahoney, null, null, It's official, the Patriots started training camp today.....football season is here!
Time to book your fantasy football draft party!, Stop in to Clerys for one of these guys! 
Stump trivia starts 8pm!, null,  BOSTON'S BEST WINGS OF 2014.... AND THE WINNER IS........CLERYS!!!

                 A very special thank you to our Chef Kelly Ogden Snogles!

"Your order arrives with welcome fixings of carrot and celery sticks, as well as homemade blue cheese. But lo, these aren’t your everyday Buffalo wings. Call it Clerys’ ABCs of finger-lickin’ good: Their wings are Air-dried, Baked and then served extra Crispy, slathered in sauce. Unlike deep-fried buckets of grease, these red-hot wings burst with juice once you pierce the skin. This is premium poultry."
, Get here early for tomorrow's USA vs Germany game! There are no biters on these teams!!, Because WHAT IF this stuff comes up in trivia tonight!?!, null, Vote for your favorite cocktail! Granary Tavern has our favorite!! , Team USA plays tonight at 6pm! Come in and check out our new menu as you cheer on the US!

http://www.buzzfeed.com/rogaine/10-reasons-team-usa-can-win-the-world-cup, Come on in and try out our new menu! , Clerys staff enjoying the #SloMo promo tonight!, World Cup 2014 a Clerys, In honor of the world cup starting today here are some reasons you should be rooting for Brazil today! 

http://www.buzzfeed.com/javiermoreno/22-reasons-you-should-root-for-brazil-this-world-cup

, null, Clerys' new menu starts today! My favorite is the chicken sandwich. Grilled chicken, baby arugula pesto, roasted red pepper, mozzarella, herb aioli,  good bread., A treat for your eyes and for your belly!    A V.L.T Sammy, from Clerys new menu, grilled summer veggies, arugula, local tomatoes, farm fresh ricotta, roast red pepper aioli on grilled bread, null, Yeah, this guy is going to try the dog challenge. Good luck., Time for an after work cocktail!, Come by and visit one of our sister stores, 
Hurricane O' Reilly's. They are kicking off country weekends all summer long., Mark beat the heat in the record time of 18 minutes!! No problem, Mark, another challenger... check back in 30 minutes to see if he could beat the heat!!, We have another winner of the "Triple Dog Dare Challenge". Mike S of Boston with Chef Kelly by the wall of fame. Who's next up for the challenge?, Matt S. from Michigan is stepping to the plate too defeat the dog dare challenge., Second to take the "triple dog dare challenge" today and 1st to "beat the heat"!! Congrats Steve-O, Here's the Clerys "Triple Dog Dare" challenge. 
The challenge is to eat 3 1/2lb dogs topped with 3 hot hot hot toppings. Finish the dogs and they are on us and you'll have your name forever inscribed on our "Triple Dog Dare" plaque of fame. Only $15. Are up for the challenge?, null, null, https://www.facebook.com/events/1383979861884925/, What could be more fun than dressing up and drinking with a bunch of your friends? Well, raising money for a good cause along the way! Please join Frost Ice Bar and Neighboring Bars in raising money for the One Fund on April 19th! , Congratulations to the NCAA champs! #UCONN, null, null, null, null, Come in afterwork and enjoy a post Paddy's Day Guinness with Brendan and Pete! Stay and meet Teal Bunburry, Patrick Mullins, Steve Neumann and AJ Soares from the New England Revs from 7 to 9!!, Who is ready for some March Madness!!! Come in tonight and watch Albany vs. Mount St. Mary's & North Carolina State vs. Xavier, Our good friend Coogan's Boston has made the final in the #StPatricksDayShowdown

Show them support and give them your vote!

http://boston.cityvoter.com/bracket/st-patrick-s-day-showdown/220, New England Revs will be stopping in on Tuesday night! Come join us for prizes and to meet the Rev girls!, Vote for our sister store Coogan's Boston, A special thanks to our staff on employee appreciation day. Thank you for rocking., null, null, null, null, 2hrs til the puck drops for the USA vs Canada game. Come by for some lunch and cheer on the US during their quest for gold., YOU WORK HARD!!! You deserve an extended lunch today and Clerys will be showing USA hockey with sound at noon!, null, Congratulations to the winner of our 3rd Annual Wing Eating Contest..... Mr. Zach Silverstein! 

Thank you to all that took part in our Superbowl Party Festivities! 

Last but certainly not least, we raise our glasses & toast the Seattle Seahawks for an impressive win! Superbowl XLVIII Champions!, Let the games begin, The festivities have begun., The 3rd annual Super Bowl wing eating contest. About to begin., Get your tickets today for our Superbowl Party... tickets are sold on eventbrite! 
, Make sure to check out our new weekly comfort food specials. 
http://www.clerysboston.com/menus/dailyspecials/, Perfect day for Braised Short Rib Stew with root vegetables & natural jus, served with fried potato wedges and glazed haricot verts. Not in the mood for stew try one of our new daily specials, today's offering, Open-faced Meatloaf Sandwich!, null, null, null, Check out our new sister store Central Wharf Co., Please join Coors Light and Radio BDC this Thursday January 23 between 6-8pm at Clerys. For a chance to win lift tickets to WildCat Mountain & refreshing Coors Light, Beer Glazed Turkey, Cheddar Sauce and Chicken Fried Jalapeños on a Pretzel Roll, Come to Clerys and melt the cold weather away with chef Kelly Snoggles twice baked potato, bacon, Ranch and scallion Pizza., null, Make sure to come by and check out one of Boston's coziest fireplaces. 

http://www.boston.com/ae/restaurants/2014/01/10/boston-area-restaurants-and-bars-with-cozy-fireplaces/dhg268UOXlTx2uLpBvPu6I/story.html?pg=6, Stop in next week for this delicious lunch special. Sloppy Joe made with braised short ribs, seasoned ground beef and bacon!, Trivia is back... starts tonight at 8pm!, Like the post office; there's no sleet, snow or rain that will stop us from delivering to the neighborhood a comfy place for all to enjoy on this lazy snow day. Open for lunch. Hope to see you soon., The beer is flowing and the kitchen is open. Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow. Having a snow party. Come by and visit Brendan, Colin and Jimmy on the bar., null, Looking for the perfect spot to enjoy a fabulous dinner, wine, craft beers and maybe a glass or two of champagne on New Year's Eve?

Look no further... make your reservations on open table and ring in 2014 at Brownstone Boston, Clerys Boston is officially SOLD OUT for New Year's Eve! We are excited to ring in 2014 with everyone that have purchased their tickets!

The Glynn Hospitality Group have a few other locations that still have tickets available! Get your tickets fast to Dillon's, The Black Rose, Coogans or Hurricane O'Reilly's before they are sold out too! 
All tickets are sold on www.eventbrite.com ..., Less than 30 tickets left for our New Years Eve celebration here at Clerys Boston get your tickets NOW before its too late!!!

https://clerysnye2014.eventbrite.com, Not many tickets remain for our NYE event...get yours now while you can!

https://clerysnye2014.eventbrite.com, Did you know Clerys was named after a famous department store in Dublin? This picture from the 1950's was taken outside the store, Tickets are going fast..., Not many spots left for our annual NYE celebration

http://www.glynnhospitalitygroup.com/store/tickets/clerys-new-years-eve/, Tickets are going fast!!! Get them while you still can!!, Thank you Santas for making our Saturday! Till next year... ho ho ho!!!, http://www.thrillist.com/drink/boston/back-bay/best-happy-hour-boston-bars-with-great-happy-hour-deals?utm_content=feature&utm_source=Sailthru&utm_medium=email&utm_term=Boston&utm_campaign=12.4.13%20BOS:%20These%20are%20Boston's%206%20best%20bars%20for%20happy%20hour

We are proud to be one if "Boston's Best Happy Hour Bars", Get your tickets now before its too late!!, null, For over ten years he has waited on your tables, mixed up some delicious and original cocktails, maybe even checked your coat, made us laugh and kept us entertained... He is one of the best and most loved bartenders and tonight is his last time behind the bar! Come on in to say your goodbyes to the one and only Mr. Jon Sennett!, Don't miss out on tonight's 
              Special Halloween Glow in the Dark Paint Nite Event!

The downstairs of Clerys Boston will be turned into your own personal Glow in the Dark painting rave! Tickets are $45 each, which includes special fluorescent paint and 2 drink tickets.

A fun tip: Wear white or neon so you can glow too! We will also have cardboard masks you can decorate them & really get into the spirit., Get in early to grab a seat at the bar and see what history making event could possibly happen in Game 5., Let us warm you up today with a bowl of braised short rib stew with grilled artisan bread., null, null, null, The grass has been cut, ready for some post season baseball. Come on by an enjoy Game 1 @3pm., Check this out tomorrow night at The Black Rose, Get your beard on and beer in hand....... The Red Sox look to clinch the Division title tonight. Come join us., Mark your calendars... It's time for Round Two of the Battle of the Bartenders!, Revolution soccer players Matt Reis and Bobby Shuttleworth tended bar at Clerys in Boston, serving up drinks to fans who contributed to the charitable fund. - See more at:, null, The time has finally come....., We had a great time last night with the New England Revolution! Thank you to everyone that came to support a great cause and an extra special thank you to the staff who donated their tips to the One Fund! , Hey look us.... top 15 in the country! : ) , null, Rev girls are here..., Come down tonight and show your support..., CALLING ALL SOCCER FANS....

Four star New England Revolution players – Matt Reis, Bobby Shuttleworth, A.J. Soares and Andrew Farrell – will step off of the pitch and behind the bar on Thursday, Aug, 22 at Clerys to showcase their cocktail-shaking skills for charity.

All tips the players receive during the event, cash or credit, will be donated directly to The One Fund Boston., Happy National Rum Day!, Join us next Thursday for one of your last chances to support Boston's ONE Fund with the New England Revs!, Get your tickets now at www.paintnite.com, Email us at clerys@irishconnection to book your Fantasy Football Draft Parties..., Four star New England Revolution players – Matt Reis, Bobby Shuttleworth, A.J. Soares and Andrew Farrell – will step off of the pitch and behind the bar on Thursday, Aug, 22, to showcase their cocktail-shaking skills for charity. The Revs’ mixologists-in-training will take their shot at bartending at Clerys Boston as they mix, pour and serve cocktails for fans.   

All tips the players receive during the event, cash or credit, will be donated directly to The One Fund Boston, which has raised close to $65 million for the victims and families affected by the tragic events at the Boston Marathon on April 15, 2013., Check out who is hopping behind the bar at Clery's.... , null, Come say hi to this guy tonight..., Don't miss your chance to party with 103.3 AMP RADIO and Joe Bermudez at Hurricanes O'Reilly's tonight!!!, Congrats to the happy couple! They met 4 years ago, in Clerys basement, on New Years and returned tonight so he could pop the question... She said yes! Oh do we love a love story., Private dining available, Come down to Granary Tavern on Tuesday the 16th from 6-9pm to officially welcome 2 Gingers Whiskey to Boston! Brian Scalabrine will be behind the bar serving up the signature cocktail, BIG GINGER!, Remember this day in 1997 when Mike Tyson is banned from boxing, for biting Holyfield's ear?!, Clerys is open all night! Swing through for a beer with jimmy and colin, CONGRATS TO CLERYS for WINNING BEST WINGS
in Boston's Best Issue of the Improper Bostonian! 

There’s nothing immediately fancy about these barroom standards. They come in buffalo, BBQ or Wing of the Day, with blue-cheese dressing and celery sticks—but executive chef Kelly Snogles’ process makes all the difference. Never frozen, these wings are air-dried before baking, turning them extra crispy when they finally come out of the fryer. They’re tender enough to fall off the bone, with the perfect pitch of heat, thanks to judicious use of Frank’s RedHot sauce. With an ice-cold beer, they’re ambrosia., null, 6 mins left.... Lets see a game 7!, Come on by and try one of Chef Kelly new menu items. Calamari Po Boy Sliders. Unreal, paired with a taste of summertime. Sam Adams summer ale., Mediterranean Flatbread salad! Just one of the new menu items that kicked off today. Stop in and try one., How SWEEP it is!! Congrats bruins!, null, Game 4...whatcha think are we going to sweep?!, Pick drops at 8pm...see you all here! Bruins Strong!, null, null, null, Windows are open, beers are cold...it's beginning to look like a lot like SUMMER!, Going to the #bostonstrongconcert tonight? check out our friends at Hurricanes O'Reilly's before the show!, null, 33,000 Flags Planted in the Boston Common in Honor of Memorial Day....
http://bostinno.streetwise.co/2013/05/23/photos-american-flags-in-the-boston-common/, null, null, Let's go Bruins....... Let's go Bruins......, Game time! Brendan Mahoney promises to whisper this to all the ladies..., Buy Tickets Now!
When: Thursday, May 23, 2013, 6pm - 9pm

Where: Upper Rotunda & Ned Devine's Parris Lounge

What: A celebration of  summer menus, tasty dishes, new neighbors & the hottest flavors from the Faneuil Hall neighborhood restaurants & the world famous Quincy Market Food Colonnade.

Craft beer will be on tap, live music will be rocking with Dalton & The Sheriffs... There is no better way to kick off Memorial Day Weekend than at the 1st Annual Taste of Faneuil Hall!, Check out who enjoyed a couple cocktails yesterday afternoon here at Clery's..., Amazing flatread salad with a tomato basil vinaigrette, just one of the new menu items we are trying out. Come in and let us know your thoughts!, Windows are open, B's are on and chef Kelly's specials are delicious.  Stop in and say hi!, From now till May 12th Clerys will be participating in Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer by featuring this delicious White Chocolate Strawberry Panna Cotta...Catch us Thursday on FOX 25 Morning News, null, null, null, null, null, null)