List(Odin enjoying some Orange Sherbert at the shop!

(Thanks @crooklynmayokmjr for the photo!), ICYMI: we now sell pints of FoMu - Alternative Ice Cream & Cafe's *VEGAN* Tahitian Vanilla, Salted Caramel, and Chocolate Pudding!, Join the All Dorchester Sports League this Saturday for a great time at their annual fundraiser!

There will be raffles (with an Ice Cream Pie gift certificate from Chill!), games, food, auctions, a cash bar, and music. 

→More info: http://bit.ly/1ZOu3bv, Watch us on Chronicle on WCVB Channel 5 tonight at 7:30pm!, It's time for an afternoon pick-me-up! How do you like your iced coffee?, The best thing when the weather is this nice!🍦🍦🍦, We're looking forward to this St. Mark's Area Main Street event at Tavolo on Sunday!

Make sure to check out the silent auction featuring awesome donations from a bunch of local businesses, including an Ice Cream Pie gift certificate from Chill!

→More info: http://www.smams.org/tix, Think of ALL THE ICE CREAM.

Which flavors would you like to see us serve at Chill?, Rainy day blues? Nope, not when ice cream is involved. Bring the party home with any & everything you want, to-go! 

Surprise the kids with some scoops after school or set up a sundae bar for the whole family... the possibilities are endless., Happy Easter, everyone!

Reminder: we're closed today & the shop will open back up tomorrow!, We have a few fun games on hand to keep the whole family entertained while enjoying some ice cream!, Alexa decorated this cake today!

Please note: we will be closed on Sunday for Easter, so swing by through tomorrow for all of your holiday goodies!, Nothing beats an Ice Cream Sundae with all the fixings. Which flavors and toppings would you choose?, We'd like to offer more to-go items in the shop! 

Trail mix, nuts, granola bars... what would you like to see?, Happy #NationalPuppyDay!

Buy an ice cream, get your furry friend a Dogsters Ice Cream Treats for Dogs for $1. #WoofWoof!, Some more *behind the scenes* at Karma Coffee Roasters..., Coming up on March 31: watch us on Chronicle on WCVB Channel 5!, It was super cool to watch this huge batch of beans cooling at Karma Coffee Roasters today! 

Want some? We serve their specialty coffee right here at Chill!, Tomorrow is #NationalPuppyDay!

Buy an ice cream, get a doggie treat for $1! #SweetDeal, Come warm up with today's #SnowDay special: $1 (small) gourmet coffee and $1 off soup!, #SnowDay specials tomorrow, 3/21: $1 (small) coffee and $1 off soup!, NEW Staff Spotlight: Kevin!

Kevin started working here in November, so you've probably seen him around the shop! His favorite flavor is Coffee Oreo, and he loves to make smoothies. A sundae special named after him would pile Coffee Oreo, Oreo topping, and whipped cream.

Outside of Chill, Kevin is a teacher fellow, teaching math. He wants to work with kids in developmental clinical psych. He works at the Epiphany School, which has been the next step to achieve that!, Introducing out newest flavor: Mango Sorbet! We suggest piling it with fresh fruit :), Thanks. to everyone who came to last night's Children's Story Hour!

Join the Fields Corner Branch of the Boston Public Library at Chill On Park for the next one: "Funny Stories"!, Happy #StPatricksDay — see you tonight for Story Hour at 6pm!, We're happy to have Toni from The Winsor School helping out at Chill this week! She is an Epiphany School graduate and came to us through the First Bosses program.

Toni loves it here, and recommends her favorite flavor: Salted Caramel Pretzel., null, null, Join us for some Irish stories and ice cream roll samples at our next Children's Story Hour on St. Patrick's Day at 6pm!, In addition to State Rep Dan Hunt, we also got to hang out with Kenny Brissette, who works with Mayor Walsh!, With State Rep Dan Hunt and Colleen Lofgren (who works for Senator Forry) at yesterday's Chili Cook-Off!

Huge shout out to Dan and State Senator Linda Forry for sponsoring our table!, Celebrate #NationalPiDay with our homemade Ice Cream Pie! We have a few delightful flavors to choose from:

⭐Mud Pie (photo)
⭐Oreo
⭐Strawberry & Vanilla

Treat yourself to a slice or take a whole one home!, More fun at the Chili Cook-Off with City Counselor Andrea Campbell and her fiancé, Matt!, With City Counselor At-Large Annissa Essaibi George!, Getting ready for the Chili Cook-Off!, Don't forget: there are parking spots just for Chill On Park customers behind the library on Park Street!, Come in for an ice cream on #StPatricksDay and receive a FREE Lucky Charms topping! What's not to love about those little marshmallows?!, We're excited to now sell pints of FoMu - Alternative Ice Cream & Cafe's *vegan* Chocolate Pudding, Salted Caramel, and Tahitian Vanilla flavors!, Our next Children's Story Hour is on St. Patrick's Day! Join us for some Irish stories and ice cream roll samples!, We'll be serving chocolate ice cream at the Chili Cook-Off this Sunday — stop by!, It's an Iced Coffee kind of day...

Brewed with locally-sourced *gourmet* coffee beans from Karma Coffee Roasters!, Stefanie O'Shea just picked up the Change for Charity check for Boston Cares!, We proudly offer Coop's MicroCreamery handmade Hot Fudge and Salted Caramel!

These jars of sweet, rich goodness are sourced locally from Watertown, and are also free of GMO's and corn syrup., Happy #NationalOreoCookieDay! Will you have Oreo or Coffee Oreo ice cream with the crushed cookie topping?, Our second blog post is a partner spotlight on Haley House Bakery Cafe! 

Read on to learn the story behind some of our favorite treats:, Let us take care of breakfast. Our coffee & bagel combo is just $3.89!, Our NEW blog, The Scoop, has officially launched! Check out our first post and learn a little more about us. :), FYI: we serve Ice Cream Pie by the slice!! 

Add a mound of whipped cream and a dusting of nuts for all the deliciousness you need today., Happy #NationalPeanutButterLoversDay!

Our flavor picks? Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip & Moose Tracks!, Come in with your “I voted” sticker today for a *FREE* small coffee with purchase!, "President Obama says his unglamorous first job scooping ice cream taught him valuable lessons about responsibility and hard work. He wants the same experience for other teenagers, particularly those without resources, and is launching a summer opportunities project to help young people land a first job that can teach them similar lessons and help send them down the right path.", It's iced coffee weather... time for an afternoon pick-me-up!, #SCOOPERSIZE for Leap Day: get an extra scoop for free on your ice cream purchase!, Hop on over tomorrow 2/29 for our Leap Day #SCOOPERSIZE special: get an extra scoop for free on your ice cream purchase!, Want more strawberry? We have the ice cream AND the topping! #NationalStrawberryDay, Nothing like a smooth, creamy Strawberry Dream Frappe on #NationalStrawberryDay! 🍓🍓🍓, Happy #NationalPistachioDay! What's your favorite way to enjoy the ice cream flavor?, null, We had a nice turnout at tonight's story hour — thanks everyone for coming!

The next one will be on March 17 with St. Patrick's stories., Tonight at 6pm: Children's Story Hour with the Fields Corner Branch of the Boston Public Library! Join us for some folk tales and free samples of steamers & hot cider!

More info: http://bit.ly/StoryHour_Feb25, We'd like to thank YOU for showing Chill some love! 😍

Purchase a $25 gift card for someone you care about & receive a $5 gift card for yourself. Offer valid throughout February!, Glad to see Haley House Bakery Cafe and their “Souper Bowl” in today's The Boston Globe!, Our next Children's Story Hour is this Thursday, 2/25! Come for folk tales, steamers, and hot cider samples!

More info: http://bit.ly/StoryHour_Feb25, It's always a good time to sip a well-blended, refreshing smoothie. 

Made with *fresh* fruit! #SWEETNESS., Happy Birthday, Pax! Thank you for celebrating your birthday with us 🎉, You still have time to make a guess!, Don't forget we're hosting another Children's Story Hour on Thursday 2/25!

Cindy, a wonderful children's librarian, will be reading. We will also be serving free samples of steamers and hot cider!, #NationalChocolateMintDay is a perfect reason to bring the kids out for ice cream, and we think they'll ❤ Mint Oreo!, #TGIF! Let us take care of breakfast... 

Our coffee & bagel combo is just $3.89!, The weekend is almost here!

In the meantime, we have the perfect Thursday afternoon pick-me-up: *gourmet coffee* from Karma Coffee Roasters!, Get to know Derrol a bit more while he's here for the week!

A junior at the Epiphany School, Derrol is interning at Chill over February vacation. He's from the area and works as a kindergarten Teacher's Assistant at City Hall every summer. When he's not working or in school, Derrol enjoys listening to all kinds of music and playing basketball.

His favorite flavor? Cookie dough. What if there was a sundae named after him? "It would have cookie dough and sherbert in it. That might be weird but I think I'd pull it off.", We had a great visit at Haley House Bakery Cafe today!

Fun fact: all of our pastries (muffins, cookies, etc.) come from their bakery. Check back soon for a blog feature about Haley House's mission and everything they do!, Creating a Banana Split is a fun February Vacation activity for the kids!

Go classic or mix up the flavors and toppings. How would YOU do it?, Continue #NationalAlmondDay with Almond Joy ice cream! 

Enjoy a satisfying scoop on a cone, or topped with other goodies in a sundae., Happy #NationalAlmondDay!

Swing by for an Almond Joy Steamer made with steamed milk, coconut, chocolate, and almond syrups. #Sweet!, Meet Derrol! He is here for the week as an intern from the Epiphany School., No work? No school?

Get out of the house today and try this month's featured Strawberry Dream Frappe! It's smooth and creamy, just like a creamsicle. (You can get it in orange, too!), Which steamer will you try first?, Brrr! It's quite cold out there!

Come warm up with a hearty bowl of Mac & Cheese or Chicken Noodle Soup., Love is in the air today!

Treat someone you care about to something sweet. We're offering a free topping on any ice cream purchase!, Make your weekend sweeter with a *FREE* Valentine's Day topping on any ice cream purchase!

This offer is valid now through tomorrow 😍, We love when people hold their meetings at Chill!

(Did we mention there's FREE wifi in here?!), Looking for something warm to start your day? 

Try one of our steamers with your favorite flavor of MONIN syrup!, Valentine's Day special, today 'til Sunday: FREE topping with an ice cream purchase!, We're celebrating Valentine's Day all month!

Purchase a $25 gift card for someone you care about & receive a $5 gift card for yourself. This is our way of saying thanks for showing us the love!, Who could say no to such a cheerful and sweet flavor? 

Three of our favorite ways to enjoy Rainbow Sherbert:
•Simply scooped onto a cone
•Topped with gummy bears for an extra sugar kick
•Layered with vanilla ice cream for a creamier texture, Our next Children's Story Hour with the Fields Corner Branch of the Boston Public Library will be on February 25! Join us for some folk tales and free samples of steamers & hot cider!

More info: http://bit.ly/StoryHour_Feb25, How many candy hearts do YOU think are in here?

Comment below with your guess to be entered to win a junior sundae & all the candy! Winner will be announced on February 29. Good luck!, Boston Public Schools have been announced closed on Monday, February 8. We all know what that means... 

❄SNOW DAY SPECIAL❄ 

Get a free ice cream with soup purchase! Available soups: Homestyle Chicken Noodle and Italian Wedding with meatballs. See you on your day off!, Just in:, We'll be running a Valentine's Day Special later on this week, Thursday-Sunday: FREE topping with an ice cream purchase!, Swing by to jump start your Saturday with Haley House Bakery Cafe pastries and gourmet coffee from Karma Coffee Roasters to-go!, It's quite snowy! We will be closing early tonight at 6pm, and re-opening at 9am with regular hours tomorrow.

Stay safe out there!, ❄SNOW DAY SPECIAL❄ 

Get a free ice cream with soup purchase! Today's soups are Homestyle Chicken Noodle and Italian Wedding with meatballs., We skip the syrup... all of our smoothies are made with real, *fresh* fruit!, null, Presenting our Change for Charity check to Dot Art!

You can learn more about this wonderful organization here: www.dotart.org, Just in: new MONIN syrups! Order and enjoy with your favorite gourmet coffee drink, or simply with some steamed milk., In honor of #NationalHeavenlyHashDay, we're offering a free topping when you order the flavor :)

Make it extra chocolatey with rich hot fudge, add some color with rainbow sprinkles, or texturize it with a layer of walnuts!, We're not complaining about this weather! It's a perfect day for frozen treats., Celebrate #NationalHotChocolateDay with $1 off a cup today!, Come check out our community board at the shop! Feel free to stop by and post local news, events, and more., Thanks Eater for featuring our BOGO special!, FYI: there are parking spots just for Chill On Park customers behind the library on Park Street!, Moose Tracks is perfect by itself because everything is already mixed in!, It's so wonderful to see one of our Change for Charity programs, Codman Square Health Center / Codman Academy Charter Public School, making such a huge difference in Dorchester!, You still have a few days to try our *mystery* Smoothie of the Month! 

Think you know what's in it? Come into the shop and take a guess for 10% off!, We were all so into the game yesterday, we're celebrating #NationalPeanutButterDay a day late!

A perfect treat for the occasion: Chocolate Peanut Butter ice cream drizzled with our creamy peanut butter topping (made from scratch)!, It's #GAMEDAY! Cheer on the Pats with your favorite Ice Cream Pie!

We have whole pies and slices ready to take home :)

You can also enjoy our BOGO (buy one, get one) special for other ice cream and pastry items *all day* long!, It's #NationalPieDay!

Of course we celebrate the ice cream way. Swing by for a slice or whole pie!, We had a great time with the Dorchester Running Club this morning!, We proudly serve gourmet coffee from Karma Coffee Roasters — drop by on your way to work for a cup!, January Frappe special: Orange Dream!

This delicious blend of orange sherbert, vanilla ice cream (or fro-yo), and milk is smooth and tastes just like an orange creamsicle., We had a great time visiting with St. Mary's Center for Women and Children and GRLZradio.org today!, Happy #ToppingTuesday!

Three ways to enjoy M&M's:
•Dress up a simple Chocolate & Vanilla combo
•Replace the nuts on a classic Hot Fudge Sundae
•Double the sweetness of an Oreo scoop, YES, we are open today! Stop by for your favorite sweet treat🍦, Check out (and follow!) our Instagram for a hint about what's in our *special* Smoothie of the Month!

Then come into the shop and take a guess for 10% off :), It's #GAMEDAY!

→ BOGO: buy one ice cream item, get one free!
→ Touchdown Topping: order an ice cream and receive a complimentary topping in honor of the Patriots!

Enjoy these offers *all day* today!, It's #NationalStrawberryIceCreamDay! 

A few ways to enjoy this classic flavor:
🍓Simple: a big scoop on a cone
🍓Extra sweet: in a sundae with your favorite toppings
🍓Creamsicle-inspired: in a frappe with vanilla ice cream and milk

How will you have yours?, In addition to our home game BOGO special, we have another offer ready for this Saturday's playoff game:

Order an ice cream on Saturday (all day), and receive a complimentary “Touchdown Topping” in honor of the Patriots! #GOPATS, Meet our Assistant Manager!

Nellie, who has been working at Chill since September, says she absolutely loves her job. Before scoring a role here, Nellie was a consistent customer and usually ordered Cake Batter or Pistachio ice cream. After spending some time behind the counter and surrounded by so many flavors, she’s switched it up to Coffee Oreo. Yum!

🍦🍦🍦🍦🍦

Her favorite part of the job? “The customers, especially the kids. And grown-ups love that we have ice cream all year long.”

“I have a special for people from the islands,” Nellie said, “because I’m from Puerto Rico. I give them a sample of Pistachio and Coconut, and tell them they can have two or three scoops, or a frappe with it. They say it’s so good and delicious.”

If a sundae had her name on it, the combination would be of Coffee Oreo, Coffee, and Chocolate ice cream, topped with hot fudge, whipped cream, nuts, and a cherry.

🍨🍨🍨🍨🍨

Outside of work, Nellie spends time with her husband and son, who is loyal to the shop. “You could buy my son ice cream from anywhere else and he wouldn’t eat it. He’s a faithful customer.” She serves her mom Coconut ice cream and her brother Butter Pecan. “He calls it Puerto Rican Butter Pecan.”, Try our *NEW* Affogato: a scoop of vanilla ice cream topped with an espresso shot!, Tell us about your experience and score $1.00 off your next purchase!🍦🍨, COOKIE MONSTER ice cream is crazy good — come try some before it's gone!, Introducing a special Smoothie of the Month! Think you know what's in it?

Come into the shop and take a guess for 10% off!, This Orange Dream Frappe is on special through the end of the month! It's smooth and tastes just like an orange creamsicle..., Choosing a flavor may be tough, but you'll always end up with something good! What's your favorite scoop?, In a hurry this morning? We've got you covered.

Swing by for our coffee + bagel combo — just $3.89!, null, Today is #NationalWhippedCreamDay!

Enjoy our fresh, homemade whip atop your favorite scoop, sundae, or beverage., We're proud to now offer Coop's MicroCreamery handmade Hot Fudge and Salted Caramel!

Not only are these sweet, rich jars of goodness sourced locally from Watertown, but they're also free of GMO's and corn syrup. Come taste for yourself!, Our Haley House Bakery Cafe pastries pair perfectly with a cup of coffee, tea, latte, or homemade hot chocolate. Grab some for breakfast tomorrow and start 2016 off right — we're back open at 9am!, Happy New Year, #Dorchester! We're closed today and for the rest of the weekend, but will be back open Monday morning — see you then!, End 2015 on a sweet note with our two end-of-the-year promotions! Stop by for your FREE ice cream or coffee before 3PM — we're closing early for New Year's Eve!, Our story hour with Fields Corner Branch of the Boston Public Library is tonight! Join us at Chill On Park for winter tales and holiday cookies. ❄, Enjoy the last days of 2015 with these two sweet deals — now's your chance to get a FREE small coffee or a FREE scoop of ice cream!, Happy Holidays Friends and Neighbors!

It has been an exciting first year at Chill on Park!!! Thank you for your support, advice and patronage. We could not have accomplished all that we have done without YOU!  

We wish you a happy and healthy 2016 filled with love, laughter, peace and prosperity. 

Best Regards,
Wendy and Alan, The weather outside may be frightful, but a hot coffee is so delightful! You can get a cup for FREE through Thursday of this week — check out the sweet deals we have to wrap up 2015:

❄ Purchase an ice cream, get a FREE small coffee
❄ Purchase any of our soups, get a FREE scoop of ice cream, We've got some sweet deals to wrap up 2015! 🍦

Enjoy the following two promotions Monday through Thursday of this week:
- Purchase an ice cream, get a FREE small coffee
- Purchase any of our soups, get a FREE scoop of ice cream, Join us this Wednesday at Chill for holiday cookies and a festive story time with The Fields Corner Branch of the Boston Public Library: https://www.facebook.com/events/934148176661614, Friendly reminder: Chill On Park is closed for the weekend — we'll be back open at 9AM on Monday!, Happy Holidays from our team at Chill On Park! We're closed today and for the rest of the weekend, but will be back open Monday morning — see you then!, Whether they've been naughty or nice, everyone loves the gift of ice cream! We're open until 3pm today in case you need a last-minute present. 🎄🍦, Save the date! Our Winter Story with the Fields Corner Branch of the Boston Public Library is on Wednesday 12/30: https://www.facebook.com/events/934148176661614, These amazing (and delicious) gingerbread houses were done at the Fields Corner Branch of the Boston Public Library and are on display at Chill until tomorrow!, How adorable is this ice cream cake we made for a special someone recently? Remember you can custom order your cake at Chill On Park for birthdays, holidays, parties, and more!, We're proud to work with St. Mary's Center for Women and Children, the parent organization of our November #ChangeForCharity non-profit, GRLZradio.org!

(via The Boston Globe), We hope all our #Dorchester friends have a wonderful holiday season! Please note our hours over the next two weeks., We're so impressed by each of the 84 submissions we had to our Holiday Coloring Contest!

Now, it's time to announce the winners. Drumroll please...
1st Place - Reinaldi Santiago, age 11
2nd Place - Conor, age 8
3rd Place - Taryn Daniel, age 6

Thanks to everyone who participated, and happy holidays to all!, Our game day special is a #touchdown: buy any menu item & get another item FREE now until 6PM! #GoPats 🏈, Tomorrow is the last day of Mayor Marty Walsh's #5onMain challenge! Shop local to help create jobs, promote community development, & support small businesses this holiday season. Here's how to participate: bit.ly/5onmainrules, Holiday party coming up? We've got you covered with locally made ice cream pies, cookies & brownies from Haley House Bakery Cafe, ice cream jelly rolls, Make Your Own Sundae Bars, and more!

If you'd like, you can order in advance using this form: bit.ly/chillholidays, Now your pup can enjoy ice cream, too — we're now serving doggy treats!, #TBT to an awesome night at the Boys & Girls Clubs of Dorchester's Grand Drawing Fundraiser at Fairmont Copley Plaza! You can read a recap of the event in The Boston Globe: bit.ly/bgcdotglobe, Nothing beats a delicious breakfast that supports local businesses — we love starting off the day with Karma Coffee Roasters & a homemade muffin from Haley House Bakery Cafe!, Our walls are decked with colorful homemade holiday decor thanks to the talented kids in our community! Now it's time for YOU to help choose a winner by "liking" your favorite drawing. Check out the submissions here: bit.ly/chillcontest

Whichever drawing has the most likes by Sunday 12/20 will win 1st place, and Chill On Park staff members will choose 2nd & 3rd place winners. Here are the prizes:

1st Place - Ice Cream Cake or Pie
2nd Place - Ice Cream Jelly Roll
3rd Place - Junior Ice Cream Sundae

Winners will be announced Monday, December 21st. Thanks to everyone who participated, and good luck! ☃, We're thrilled that we received 84 submissions to our Holiday Coloring Contest!

Now, it's time to choose a winner...

Click "like" to vote for your favorite masterpiece, and whichever drawing gathers the most likes by Sunday 12/20 will win first prize!, We're thrilled that we received 84 submissions to our Holiday Coloring Contest!

Now, it's time to choose a winner...

Click "like" to vote for your favorite masterpiece, and whichever drawing gathers the most likes by Sunday 12/20 will win first prize!, Shop local this holiday season by taking Mayor Marty Walsh's #5onMain challenge! Here's how to play: bit.ly/5onMainRules 

Our travel mugs keep commuting cozy — we'll throw one in for FREE when you buy a $25 gift card! ☃, Sunday night football at home with your favorite people & homemade sundaes is a #touchdown! That's what our Make Your Own Sundae Bar is for. #GoPats 🏈, Thank you to everyone who participated in our #10DaysOfGiving fundraiser! 

Giving to Globe Santa is a great way to continue our tradition of giving back while also bringing holiday joy to deserving children. Because joy is a gift every child deserves! bit.ly/chillglobe via The Boston Globe, 'Twas the week after Christmas, and all through Chill On Park, the walls were ringing with a merry holiday spark! 

Join the Fields Corner Branch of the Boston Public Library here on December 30th for a special story hour: https://www.facebook.com/events/934148176661614/, null, Thanks to our generous community, we were able to raise money for GRLZradio.org throughout the month of November with our #ChangeForCharity program!, Today's soups are Chicken and Wild Rice + New England Clam Chowder!, We've reached the final day of our #10DaysOfGiving campaign! Today when you purchase an ice cream sundae, we'll donate 50% of proceeds to Globe Santa!, Warm up with a cup of soup! Today we have Chicken and Wild Rice + New England Clam Chowder., Just two days left of our "10 Days of Giving" campaign! Today when you purchase an ice cream jelly roll, we'll donate 50% of proceeds to Globe Santa!, Happy Tuesday! Today's soups are Chicken and Wild Rice + New England Clam Chowder., We're on the eighth day of our "10 Days of Giving" campaign! Today when you purchase a homemade muffin, 50% of proceeds will be donated to Globe Santa., Our holiday coloring contest is in full swing! Kids can participate by coloring our ice cream snowman & dropping the final masterpiece off at Chill by December 14th. We will post all entries to Facebook and people can vote for their favorite by clicking "like". The child whose ice cream snowman gets the most likes by December 20th will win first prize, and the 2nd & 3rd place prizes will be voted on by our staff.

Find our ice cream snowman on the back of the Dorchester Reporter or download the coloring page & contest instructions here: bit.ly/chillcolor, Happy Monday, #Dorchester! Today's soups are Creamy Chicken and Wild Rice + New England Clam Chowder., It's Day 7 of our "10 Days of Giving" campaign! Today when you purchase a smoothie, 50% of proceeds will be donated to our December #ChangeForCharity partner, Globe Santa!, Enjoy our game day special now until closing: Buy one item and get another item FREE. #GoPats! 🏈, Happy Sunday! Today's soups are Chicken Noodle + New England Clam Chowder., It's day 6 of our "10 Days of Giving" campaign! When you buy an ice cream pie today, we will donate 50% of proceeds to Globe Santa!, Today's soups are New England Clam Chowder + Chicken Noodle!, It's Day 5 of our "10 Days of Giving" campaign! Today when you purchase a banana split, 50% of your purchase will be donated to Globe Santa. bit.ly/10daysgiving, TGIF, #Dorchester! Today's soups are Broccoli Cheddar + Chicken Noodle., Today's featured menu item for our 10 Days Of Giving is a pecan bar, brownie, or cookie from Haley House Bakery Cafe! Purchase any of these items today & we'll donate 50% of proceeds to Globe Santa., Warm up with a delicious cup of soup — today we have Chicken Noodle + Broccoli Cheddar!, Today when you purchase a medium sized Pumpkin Spice Latte, we'll donate 50% of the proceeds to our December #ChangeForCharity partner, Globe Santa! #10DaysOfGiving, We had the pleasure of having The All Dorchester Women’s Professional Network stop by on their Business Crawl!, This weather calls for a cup of soup! Today we have Chicken Noodle + Broccoli Cheddar., It's day 2 of our "10 Day of Giving" campaign! Today when you purchase a cup of soup, 50% of your purchase will be donated to Globe Santa. bit.ly/10daysgiving, Happy December! We have delicious soup to keep you warm all winter long — today's varieties are Chicken Noodle + Broccoli Cheddar., We're excited to announce our 10 Days of Giving program!

Starting today, stop by Chill On Park to help support our December #ChangeForCharity partner, Globe Santa! Every day for the next 10 days, purchase our featured menu item and we'll donate 50% of the proceeds to Globe Santa. So while you are enjoying something good to eat, you are also doing something great for the community!, Happy Monday, #Dorchester! How about some soup for lunch? Today we have Chicken Noodle + Broccoli Cheddar., Still feeling a little stuffed from all that turkey? Try starting your day with a fresh smoothie — we make ours with real fruit, and you can add whey protein if you'd like!, Sunday night football is a whole lot better when you've got ice cream! All 32 of our flavors are available as pints & quarts so you can enjoy dessert at home. 🏈, Today's soups are Chicken Noodle + Broccoli Cheddar!, Happy Saturday, #Dorchester! We're back open, and today's soups are Chicken Noodle + Broccoli Cheddar., Chill On Park gift cards make a great present for friends, family, teachers, coworkers, & more. Keep your holiday shopping local this season with Mayor Marty Walsh's #5onmain challenge! bit.ly/5onMainRules, We had a blast at Boys & Girls Clubs of Dorchester's Grand Drawing fundraiser last week! Catch a recap of the event featuring some of our favorite people in Dorchester in today's issue of The Boston Globe: bit.ly/bgcglobe, Happy Thanksgiving! We're so grateful to be part of the #Dorchester community & for all the support we've received during our first months of being open. Chill will be closed today & tomorrow, but we'll be back open on Saturday for all of your coffee & ice cream needs!, Happy Wednesday! Today's soups are Chicken Noodle + Broccoli Cheddar., If you still need to pick up desserts for Thanksgiving, now is the time! We'll be closing a bit earlier today, and will be closed on Thanksgiving & the day after., Warm up with a cup of soup! Today we have Chicken Noodle & Beef Stew., Show some #locallove this holiday season with Mayor Marty Walsh's #5onMain challenge! Our pints & quarts of ice cream, Haley House Bakery Cafe pastries, and ice cream pies make delicious additions to the dessert table. bit.ly/5onMainRules, Ice cream makes everything better — our jelly rolls are a perfect treat for Monday night football!, Make your holidays a little sweeter with our take home desserts like ice cream pies, quarts & pints of ice cream, and pastries from Haley House Bakery Cafe!

Order in advance using this form: bit.ly/chillholidays, Warm up with a cup of soup! Today we have Chicken Noodle & Beef Stew., Board games, coffee, & croissants. Happy Sunday!, Today's soups are Chicken Noodle & Beef Stew!, We're having a blast at the Boys & Girls Clubs of Dorchester's Grand Drawing Havana Night!!, Happy Saturday, #Dorchester! Today's soups are Chicken Noodle & Beef Stew., Happy to be supporting Codman Square Health Center with the funds we've raised through our #ChangeForCharity program this month!, TGIF! Today's soups are Chicken Noodle & Beef Stew., We're having a great night filled with balloons, hot chocolate, & folk tales at our Fall Story Hour! #FamilyNight, Tonight is the night! We're hosting Folk Tales For Fall Story Hour during our weekly #FamilyNight with The Fields Corner Branch of the Boston Public Library. Listen to festive stories & taste samples of our homemade ice cream pie, jelly roll ice cream treats, hot chocolate, hot caramel apple cider, & delicious pecan squares!

Details here: bit.ly/fallstoryhour, Today's soups are:
• Broccoli Cheddar
• Chicken Noodle Soup
• Mac & Cheese (only a few left!), Today's soups are:
• Broccoli Cheddar
• Creamy Chicken & Wild Rice
• Mac & Cheese (only a few left!), Happy to be supporting GRLZradio.org with our #ChangeForCharity program this month!, Join us & Fields Corner Branch of the Boston Public Library this Thursday for a Fall Story Hour during our weekly #FamilyNight! bit.ly/fallstoryhour, Today's soups are:
• Broccoli Cheddar
• Creamy Chicken & Wild Rice
• Mac & Cheese (only a few left!), How about some soup for lunch? Today we're serving:
• Broccoli Cheddar
• Creamy Chicken & Wild Rice
• Mac & Cheese (only a few left!), Case of the Mondays? Try your morning cup of coffee with an extra shot of espresso!, Introducing our new Patriots Game Day special!! Buy any item & get another item for FREE now until closing time! 🏈, Happy Sunday, Dorchester! Today's soups are Mac & Cheese + New England Clam Chowder., Meet Carliel!

He’s been working here since the summer & says “the name fits - Chill is a good place to chill!” 

Carliel loves kids and used to work at a daycare. One of his favorite memories was his first day of training: he had some first day jitters, but a second grade class from Henderson K12 Inclusion School Friends came in for a field trip, and he immediately felt back in his element. Since that day, working at Chill has been smooth sailing! If there was a menu item called the Carliel, it would be a big sundae with his favorite ice cream flavors (coffee oreo + cookie dough + salted caramel) plus marshmallow topping, whipped cream, & reese's pieces! 

If you ever stop by while Carliel is working, be sure to order the Mocha Madness (or any frappe) - they’re his specialty!, Happy Saturday! Today's soups are Mac & Cheese + New England Clam Chowder., TGIF! Today's soups are Mac & Cheese + New England Clam Chowder., The weekend's almost here! Power through Friday with a hot pumpkin spice latte. ☕, Today we're serving New England Clam Chowder + Macaroni & Cheese!, Due to popular demand, we now have croissants! They're great with tea for breakfast, warmed up with butter or jam., Happy #VeteransDay! We are so thankful for your dedication and service. To all the vets in our community, show us your U.S. military ID at the register to enjoy a FREE small ice cream cone!, Dreary days are perfect for warm soup! Today we're serving Chicken Noodle & New England Clam Chowder., Coffee & free wifi make Chill a great study spot! And ice cream..., Happy Monday! Today we're serving the following soups:
Chicken Noodle
Broccoli Cheddar
Loaded Potato (only a few left!), All our smoothies are made with real fruit!! Try adding whey protein for a healthy & balanced breakfast or lunch., Warm up with a cup of MEM Tea Imports! Moroccan Mint, Mark's Chai, & English Breakfast are a few of the delicious varieties we carry. ☕, Congrats to Phyllis Allison, the winner of our candy corn contest!! We hope you enjoy your candy & junior sundae. :), We're very excited to now be selling homemade ice cream cakes!! We take two layers of chocolate or vanilla cake, a layer of your favorite flavor ice cream in between, then frost & decorate. 🍰, Happy Saturday, #Dorchester! Today's soups are:
Chicken Noodle
Broccoli Cheddar
Loaded Potato (almost gone!), Thanks to everyone who came out to our weekly #FamilyNight yesterday! We hold them 6-8PM every Thursday. :), Join us 6-8pm TONIGHT for balloons & treats at our weekly #FamilyNight!, Happy Thursday, #Dorchester! These are the soups we're serving today:
Chicken Noodle
Broccoli Cheddar
Loaded Potato (almost out!), Save the date! On Thursday, November 19th we'll be hosting Folk Tales For Fall Story Hour with the Fields Corner Branch of the Boston Public Library during our weekly #FamilyNight: bit.ly/fallstoryhour, We're now offering discounts for Bicycle Benefits Greater Boston members! Show your sticker to receive a "buy one get one half off" discount, or buy a sticker at our register to become a member and receive discounts at other participating local businesses: http://bb2.bicyclebenefits.org/#/cities/8, This sunny weather we're having in #Dorchester calls for an iced pumpkin spice latte!, Start your week off strong & grab breakfast to go! Our coffee + bagel combo is just $3.89., Warm up this fall with our hot Caramel Apple Cider! 🍂, Happy Halloween, #Dorchester! Come in today for a FREE cupcake or cookie with any purchase! 🎃👻, #NationalCandyCornDay just got a little sweeter! Come in anytime today for FREE candy corn topping with any ice cream purchase. 🍦, Thanks to everyone who has participated in our Halloween candy jar contest over the past two weeks! There are *468* total candy corn in the jar.

And the winner is...... Phyllis Allison with a guess of 456 candy corn! Please come redeem your free junior sundae & all of the candy within the next 2 weeks. Enjoy!!, #FamilyNight begins at 6PM! Join us for ice cream, coffee, and (free!) prizes & Halloween treats for the kids. :), We're piling on ALL the chocolate for #NationalChocolateDay! Chocolate waffle bowl + extreme chocolate ice cream + hot fudge + chocolate chips & M&Ms!, Our jimmy rolls make great desserts for birthdays, holidays, & any other occasion when you're serving ice cream for a group! 🍦, Meet De'Chanele! 

She's been working with us at Chill since day one, and her favorite part about her job is getting to know the community & seeing familiar faces come into our shop!

De'Chanele's favorite memory so far was our grand opening (photos here: bit.ly/chillopening) with Mayor Marty Walsh & the kids of Boys & Club of Dorchester, where she also works. De'Chanele has a passion for helping children, and has plans to go to a four-year college so she can become a nurse and continue to help children. 

If there was a menu item called the De’Chanele, it would be a massive sundae consisting of salted caramel truffle (her favorite flavor), maple walnut, & grape nut ice cream topped with whipped cream & hot fudge — yum!!, How many candy corn do YOU think are in here?

Comment below with your guess to be entered to win a junior sundae & all the candy! Winner will be announced on October 30th. Good luck! 🎃, We're dedicating this  #FollowFriday to our friends at CB Scoops! If you're ever in Medford, make sure you stop by & get a taste of their amazing ice cream. 🍦, Get in the Halloween spirit TONIGHT at Chill! We'll be hosting a Spooky Story Hour with our friends at the Fields Corner Branch of the Boston Public Library. RSVP & find details on our Facebook event: bit.ly/spookystoryhr, Hey #Dorchester, want FREE coffee?

This fall, buy ice cream after 5PM & bring in the receipt before noon the next morning to get a small cup on us! ☕, Our weekly #FamilyNight is now on Thursdays (not Tuesdays), starting this week!

Get in the Halloween spirit this Thursday 10/22 at Chill! We'll be hosting a Spooky Story Hour with our friends at the Fields Corner Branch of the Boston Public Library. RSVP & find details on our Facebook event: bit.ly/spookystoryhr, The weather's getting chilly in New England, but we've got toasty drinks to keep you warm. Starting Wednesday, we'll be serving our own homemade hot chocolate!!, We're changing our hours at Chill! Starting tonight, we will be closing at 8:00 PM Sunday through Thursday. Come by this evening and end the weekend with some ice cream & coffee! :), It was a pleasure having Suffolk University's "Future of Boston" class visit last week! Read the recap of the event on Dorchester Reporter: bit.ly/chilldotnews, Fall mornings call for Pumpkin Spice Lattes. #TGIF, Dorchester! ☕, Save the date!! Next Thursday, we'll be hosting a Spooky Story Hour at Chill with our friends at the Fields Corner Branch of the Boston Public Library! 🎃 bit.ly/spookystoryhr, Can you guess how many Halloween candies are in the jar at our shop? Comment below with your guess to be entered to win a FREE SUNDAE + all the candy! Winner will be selected on 10/30. Good luck! 🎃, Every Tuesday is #FamilyNight at Chill! Bring your family & invite your friends! :) bit.ly/chillfamnight, Our PBJ smoothie is lunch in a cup: banana, peanut butter, mixed berries, & vanilla frozen yogurt!, Chocolate ice cream, hot fudge, whipped cream, nuts, and of course a cherry on top. Happy Sunday, Dorchester!!, One of the many things we love about fall at Chill: My Grandma's of New England #pumpkin spice coffee cake!! 🎃, The weather's getting chillier, so we now have soup to warm you up!! Our first round of flavors are chicken noodle & beef stew. :), Happy to have Suffolk University's "Future of Boston" class here today to learn about what it takes to open a successful small business!, Everyone's been loving our Dutch Apple ice cream.. it tastes like #fall in a cup!, null, Tonight (and every Tuesday) is #FamilyNight at Chill! Come by with the family 6-8 PM for discounted ice cream, balloons, and prizes for the kids. 🍦, Happy Monday, #Dorchester! Start your week off right with a smoothie made of real fruit! This one is our Berry Blast: blueberries, raspberries, strawberries, blackberries, raspberry sorbet, & cranberry juice., End the weekend on a sweet note with Cookie Monster ice cream: blue ice cream with loads of chocolate chip cookies!🍦🍪, A big thank you to Puritan Ice Cream for donating ice cream & Carlos of Columbine Floral Design for gifting us flowers for #MenOfBoston on Thursday!!, We had a great time last night at #MenOfBoston with our celebrity chef, James Hunt of Massachusetts League of Community Health Centers!, It's been a wonderful night at Codman Square Health Center! Happy to be supporting womens' health & #BreastCancerAwareness  at #MOB2015., Tonight is #MenofBoston at Codman Square Health Center! Join us & enjoy delicious food, entertainment and celebrity chefs in support of womens' health & #BreastCancerAwarenessMonth. Tickets are available at the door! www.menofboston.com #MOB2015, Thank you for coming to Chill for a field trip yesterday, Neighborhood House Charter School!, Celebrate #NationalCoffeeDay with a cup of locally sourced Karma Coffee Roasters! Better yet: enjoy it for FREE when you buy any small bakery item., All our guests are welcome to use our FREE WIFI! Grab a coffee for fuel, power through your work, & reward yourself with some ice cream. :), First #fall Sunday done right:

Dutch Apple Pie #icecream + whipped cream + caramel + nuts!, Our shop is all dressed up for #fall! Celebrate the first weekend of the season with pumpkin spice coffee, pumpkin My Grandma's of New England coffee cake, or our two seasonal ice cream flavors: Dutch Apple Pie & Pumpkin Oreo. :), Strawberry vanilla ice cream pies are back! We like ours topped with whipped cream & nuts, as pictured. You can buy them by the slice or take the whole pie home. 🍓🍦, #TBT to this summer, when Eater Boston named us one of the top 10 coolest ice cream shops in #Boston! bit.ly/ChillEater, Meet Erica! 

Erica has been with Chill On Park since day one, when we opened our doors this past May. Her favorite part about her job? The people!

Erica is always delighted to see the same kids from the community coming in & getting excited for their ice cream. Tuesdays were her favorite day this summer — the Chill On Park team would spend the day preparing for our weekly #FamilyNight by making chocolate coated cones, blowing up balloons, & getting prizes ready for the kids.

She also loves her team members, and working for our founder, Wendy. “Wendy is just really awesome and goes above & beyond. I love seeing her happy because everything she does is for other people. She’s so excited about everything & makes it a happy workplace for me.” Training new kids is always a pleasure for Erica, too, because they mess up so much in the beginning and make her laugh. :)

If you ever come in and see Erica working, make sure you order a smoothie or banana split — they’re her specialties!, Hey #Dorchester, it's #NationalIceCreamConeDay!!!

We've got 32 flavors of locally made ice cream waiting to be scooped, including our two new seasonal flavors: Dutch Apple Pie & Pumpkin Oreo.

Treat yourself this afternoon or celebrate with your family at our weekly #FamilyNight, where kids get prizes & discounted ice cream. Details on the event page: bit.ly/famnight2, Do you know a student who would love a deal on coffee & ice cream? Let them know by tagging them in the comments! :), Enjoy a sundae this Sunday with our new seasonal ice cream flavors: Pumpkin Oreo & Dutch Apple Pie!, Friends, family, and ice cream make for an amazing birthday! 🎈

To inquire about having a birthday party at Chill On Park, call our shop at 617-297-5401 or email us at chillonpark@gmail.com., Add a scoop of whey protein to any of our smoothies, and you've got yourself a healthy, balanced breakfast!

This here is the Berry Blast: blueberries + blackberries + strawberries + cranberry juice + raspberry sorbet., #TBT to an old but good feature of our ice cream & coffee shop by The Boston Globe back in June! bit.ly/COPGlobe, Start your morning with freshly brewed Karma Coffee & cream over ice! When you buy 10 coffees (hot or iced), we'll give you the 11th for free. ☕️, One of our favorite parts of the summer was having people come by on Tuesdays for Family Night. Due to popular demand, we're bringing them back starting tonight!, We had a blast celebrating #GrandparentsDay yesterday with our Dorchester community. Thanks to everyone who stopped by!, Come celebrate Grandparents' Day with us at Chill On Park!! 

Today when you purchase a medium ice cream cone, we'll give your grandparent an ice cream for FREE. :), Saturdays call for takeout ice cream! We have slices & whole ice cream pies that you can take to-go. 🍦, Waffle Cone: ✔
Ice Cream: ✔
Toppings: ✔

TGIF, Dorchester!, A dreary day like today calls for a slice of My Grandma's of New England coffee cake & a cup of Karma coffee! ☕️, It feels great to support our local community. Our August #TipsForCharity went to College Bound Dorchester!, Need help getting back into the groove after the long weekend? Come stop by for an afternoon pick-me-up!, Happy #LaborDay, Dorchester! We're open a bit later today, at 11AM. See you then!, We love our #Dorchester neighborhood! Can you identify where this colorful mural is? 

(Hint: it's walking distance from our shop!), The sun is shining but it's snowing coconut in here!, Need help powering through the last day before the long weekend? We've got you covered! #LaborDayWeekend, Salted Caramel Pretzel ice cream... need we say more?, Have you tried the amazing oatmeal & chocolate chip cookies we carry from Haley House? Some people have told us they're the best cookies they've had in their entire life! 🍪, TONIGHT @ 6PM is our first ever Back To School Night! We'll be offering specially priced ice creams for kids & free gifts for their school bags. Details & RSVP >> bit.ly/ChillBack2School, Hey, #Dorchester neighbors! Tomorrow night we're having Back To School Night from 6PM - 8PM — that means specially priced ice cream for kids & a free prize with purchase. Hope to see you there! 🎈 bit.ly/ChillBack2School, Chocolate + strawberry +  cookies & cream + cookie monster ice cream... Happy weekend!🍦, You can now get rewarded for your coffee habit! Once you buy 10 of our locally sourced Karma coffees or MEM teas, we'll give you the 11th for free. ☕️, #TBT to our grand opening celebration at the beginning of the summer with Mayor Marty Walsh & Boys & Girls Clubs of Dorchester! 🎈View photos from the event here: bit.ly/chillopening, We're very happy to announce that we now have loyal customer cards! Ask for one next time you're in our shop, and when you buy 10 ice creams you'll get the 11th for FREE. :), Happy #BananaSplitDay, Dorchester! If you feel like celebrating, we're open until 9PM today. 🍦, Where has the summer gone?! Tomorrow is already our last Family Night of the season — hope to see you there! #Dorchester

Details & RSVP >> bit.ly/ChillFamNight, The anatomy of a perfect Sunday: 

(pun intended), It's true: we have free WiFi & are open until 9PM even on the weekend! Late night ice cream run, anyone? #Dorchester, Don't let the rain get you down! End the week on a high note with friends & ice cream. :), Want to come to Chill On Park with a friend for a coffee date at no cost? Only In Boston is giving away free lattes on Twitter — check out his tweet to learn how to enter: bit.ly/COPlattes, Need an afternoon pick-me-up that also cools you down? Look no further than our Mocha Madness frappé!, It’s been a great summer with these kids & we’re sad to see them go, but they’re moving on to bigger and better things! All of them will be starting their freshman year of college in the fall:

Barry - University of New Haven
Carliel - Roxbury Community College
Destinee - Framingham State University
Francisco - UMass Amherst
Lamarre - Clark University

Thank you again for serving the Dorchester community this summer, and best of luck in your future endeavors. :) 

PS: Family night is tonight from 6-8PM! >> bit.ly/ChillFamNight, Case of the Mondays? This cute piglet eating ice cream should help. And if it doesn't, just come by & get some ice cream for yourself. ;), Since we’ve been open, people have complimented us on our friendly, helpful staff. Many of the amazing kids who work at Chill On Park are leaving to go to college in the fall, so we’re throwing them a going away party tomorrow 5:00 - 7:00. Feel free to swing by to help us say thank you for serving our community & wish them the best!, Need some chocolate therapy? This will do the trick: chocolate dipped waffle bowl + chocolate ice cream + chocolate sprinkles + chocolate M&Ms! 🍫, TGIF, Dorchester!!! We're kicking off this weekend with LOTS of ice cream!, ICYMI: Eater Boston named us one of the coolest new ice cream shops in Boston! We're honored. :) bit.ly/ChillEater, The Jewish Journal MA interviewed our founders Wendy & Alan, and did a great job telling our story & explaining the mission behind Chill On Park: bit.ly/ChillJJ, It's Tuesday — you know what that means! Our weekly Family Night starts at 6PM. bit.ly/ChillFamNight, If you're a fan of flavored coffee, you're in luck: we have caramel, hazelnut, & toasted almond flavor syrups that can be added to any coffee or espresso beverage!, Happy Sunday, Dorchester! Let's end the weekend on a sweet note. 🍦, Our community is the reason we opened our ice cream & coffee shop in the first place. We're happy to announce that all tips we receive during the month of August will go to College Bound Dorchester! #TipsForCharity, TGIF! The sun is shining & we're cooling off with smoothies. ☀, Plans for tonight? We're having a TweetUp from 6-8 PM and would love for all our social media savvy neighbors to join us!, We had a great time with the community last night at #NationalNightOut & at our Family Ice Cream Social. As the banner in Town Field states, we'll be hosting Family Night every Tuesday this summer — hope to see you at some point!, The sun's coming out which means #NationalNightOut is still on — see you in Town Field 5-8PM, Dorchester!, Stop by today & celebrate #NationalChocolateChipCookieDay with delicious, GIGANTIC cookies from Haley House Bakery Cafe!, Our Family Ice Cream Social kicks off at 6PM tomorrow — that means specially priced ice cream for kids & FREE face painting! RSVP here: bit.ly/CoPicecreamsocial, null, Mondays don't have to be so bad... stop by on your way to work or for a delicious afternoon pick-me-up!, What's better than ice cream & cookies? Today only we have a deal for #NationalIceCreamSandwichDay: two cookies and a big scoop of ice cream for the price of a medium cup. Come get one before they're gone! 🍪🍦, Giving back to our community is a great feeling. Our July #TipsforCharity went to Boys & Girls Clubs of Dorchester!, Guess who just got named one of the top 10 ice cream shops in Boston by Time Out Boston!? bit.ly/ChillTimeOut

"The free Wi-Fi encourages you to linger while you lick, and social media contests offer discounts and free giveaways. The shop doubles as a full-service coffeehouse, filling the neighborhood’s latte void.", ICYMI: Shayna Seymour featured us on WCVB Channel 5 Boston last night. We're on at 2:55, right after the segment on Disney Pixar! bit.ly/ChillonChronicle, “Our mission is to have a really comfortable place in the neighborhood where people can come hang out, meet friends and treat themselves” 

Thanks so much for telling our story, Bay State Banner! bit.ly/chillBayState, Our segment on WCVB Channel 5 Boston airs at 7:30PM! Tune in to hear our story & learn about what we strive to bring to Dorchester., "There’s retail, residential, schools, libraries, Little League fields, the Fields Corner Subway station, commuters... all outside our front door."

Dorchester is the place to be!! Thanks for quoting us in this piece about our beloved neighborhood, Metro Boston. :) bit.ly/move2dot, It's Tuesday which means #FamilyNight kicks off at 6PM! Get the details & RSVP: bit.ly/ChillFamNight #Dorchester, Case of the Mondays? Ice cream with ALL the toppings will help!, Tune into WCVB Channel 5 Boston Wednesday at 7:30PM to get the scoop on Chill On Park! 🍦, Banana split, split 3 ways — that's the way to do it!, TGIF! We have 36 flavors of ice cream waiting to be scooped.🍦, The perfect summer sundae: vanilla ice cream + whipped cream + walnuts + pineapple.🍍, Thanks to everyone who came out to Family Night last night! We're loving all the colorful artwork. :), A mango coconut smoothie is the best way we know how to start off a summer morning. We open at 9:00AM!☀, Family Night is tonight at 6PM! Get the details & RSVP on the event page: bit.ly/ChillFamNight, Family Night is TONIGHT! That means ice cream, balloons, & gifts for kids: bit.ly/ChillFamNight, Our ice cream pies make great to-go items! Pick a flavor, add toppings if you wish, & enjoy at home. :), Who's celebrating #NationalIceCreamDay? We have 36 flavors of locally made ice cream waiting for you!, Take a ride to get some ice cream: there are now parking spots just for Chill On Park customers behind the library on Park Street. :), The secret to an amazing frappe? Generous scoops of incredible ice cream!, Give someone the gift of locally made ice cream & coffee! We're very excited to now offer gift cards. :), We had so much fun tonight at #FamilyNight. :) Thanks to everyone who came — we can't wait for next Tuesday! 🎈, Looks like the weather is going to be pretty lousy tonight.. Come take shelter inside & eat ice cream at our second FAMILY NIGHT of the summer! on.fb.me/1JfeLT1, null, Coffee + oreo = match made in heaven. No wonder it's one of our most popular ice cream flavors!, Serving up a hot fudge sundae on a Sunday!🍦, It's a black raspberry chip ice cream type of day.🍦, It's FRIDAY!! We're kicking off the weekend the best way we know how — with ice cream!, Working hard or hardly working? :), Looks like there are some future journalists at Henderson K12 Inclusion School! Thanks for including us in your awesome newspaper. :), TONIGHT is our first family night of the summer! Expect ice cream deals, gifts, & balloons for the kids. :), Chocolate-dipped, sprinkle-coated waffle cones coming right up!, It's hard not to smile when you have a giant ice cream cone in your hand. 🍦, Celebrate the #4thofJuly with locally made ice cream! We're here until 9PM.  🇺🇸#MainStreetsMakeUs, Scoopin' all day, everyday... including tomorrow! We'll be open 9AM - 9PM., ICYMI: Zagat rated us one of the 8 hottest ice cream shops in #Boston! We're thrilled, to say the least!!! bit.ly/ZagatChill, We love the officers at our local District C11 Boston Police Department! Thanks for all you do to keep our Dorchester community safe — hope you enjoy the coffee & treats. :) #BostonStrong, Thanks for coming in today Shayna Seymour & Chronicle on WCVB Channel 5! We had a blast!!! Glad you love the ice cream as much as we do. 😘🍦, Shayna Seymour & Chronicle on WCVB Channel 5 are here and ready to roll! 🍦🎥, Come in for ice cream tomorrow & you just may be on TV!  Shayna Seymour will be filming a segment for Chronicle on WCVB Channel 5 around 1PM.🍦, Chill On Park now has to-go containers for a group! Bring one to work so the whole team can start the week off right.☕, They say breakfast is the most important meal of the day, and we're giving it away for FREE! Simply comment & tag a friend to be entered to win breakfast (coffee + a muffin or coffee cake) for two. FIVE winners will be randomly selected tomorrow. Bon appétit!, This weekend didn't bring the best weather, but we're ending it on a sweet note with giant cookies & pecan squares for dessert! All locally made by Haley House Bakery Cafe. :), Happy Saturday! Today's a perfect day to share an ice cream with someone you love.🍦💕, We made it to the weekend! Celebrate with a scoop of your favorite flavor — we have 36 to choose from.🍦, #TBT to when Stephen Kunz & Rebecca Schnopp, two talented students from Lesley University, painted the colorful mural on our chalkboard wall. Our shop wouldn't be the same without it!, The Boston Globe did a great job telling our story, and explaining our purpose & vision for Chill On Park! Our founder Wendy put it best: "who’s not happy when they’re eating ice cream?!" http://bit.ly/COPGlobe, "It's not always about libations, sometimes it's about ice cream!"

Thanks for featuring us as a spot to go this summer on the June edition of Connoisseurs Corner, WBZ NewsRadio!🍦http://bit.ly/chillWBZ, We're glad we're here, too. Everything we do is for our #Dorchester community!, Chill On Park wishes all the fathers, grandfathers, & father figures out there a very happy Father's Day! Bring dad in for some ice cream, or stop by and pick up an ice cream pie to enjoy at home. :), Going to the #FathersDayWalk tomorrow? Stop by afterward for a yummy ice cream treat!, #ShopLocal this Father's Day & get Dad an ice cream pie from Chill On Park!, You can now get a homemade muffin from Haley House Bakery Cafe + a 16 oz coffee for just $4.50!!, "There’s an old song that says 'Sometimes you wanna’ go where everybody knows your name,' and the song and sentiment are as true today as when it was first penned. In the Dorchester neighborhood of Fields Corner, that place is Chill on Park at 140 Park Street."

That's the kind of place we strive to be. Thanks for the kind words, Metro Boston! http://bit.ly/COPMetro, On Wednesdays we eat chocolate!🍫, Ice cream isn't the only reason why people love Chill On Park! :), Cold, rainy weather calls for a warm cup of chai tea☕️We have a delicious selection of teas from MEM Tea Imports, an awesome local company in Watertown!, We'll be open earlier beginning Monday, 6/15! 🎉Start your mornings at Chill On Park with coffee, muffins, pastries.... or ice cream. ;), ICYMI: Dorchester Reporter wrote a great piece about our grand opening ribbon-cutting celebration with Mayor Marty Walsh! http://bit.ly/1KOp84U, null, TGIF! After a long week, a banana split is the ultimate way to treat yo' self & kick off the weekend! 🍌🍦, Today has been HOT!☀️We have something that can help you cool down..., Chill On Park just got even sweeter: we now carry My Grandma's of New England coffee cake! Perfect for breakfast with a cup of coffee :), Yes, the ice cream is THIS good.😘🍦, What a weekend! We kicked off the #DotDay celebrations on Friday with a special ribbon cutting celebration with Mayor Marty Walsh & the kids from Boys and Girls Club of Dorchester. Photos from the event can be viewed here: http://bit.ly/ChillRibbonCutting, It's our first #DorchesterDay & the parade is marching past our storefront RIGHT NOW! So happy to be part of this neighborhood :), Tomorrow we open early & will be selling $1 COFFEES from 9-11 am in celebration of #DorchesterDay  :) Hope to see you!, Starting this weekend & continuing through July, kids who sport their baseball uniform will receive a FREE TOPPING with the purchase of ice cream!⚾, Thank you Mayor Marty Walsh for always supporting the #Dorchester community... and ice cream!!, We all scream for ice cream!!, The Boys and Girls Club Of Dorchester is here and everyone's super excited to meet Mayor Marty Walsh. (...and to eat some cake!), 1 HOUR until Mayor Marty Walsh arrives with the kids from Boys & Girls Clubs of America for a ribbon-cutting ceremony!🎈🎈🎈, Mayor Marty Walsh came to Chill on Park for a grand opening ribbon-cutting celebration with the kids from Boys and Girls Club Of Dorchester & treated them to ice cream! It was a great way to kick off a weekend full of #DorchesterDay celebrations., EXCITING NEWS: Starting tomorrow we'll be carrying muffins, cookies, brownies, & pecan squares from our friends at Haley House Bakery Cafe in Roxbury!! :), We would love for you to join us this ** Friday, June 5th at 4PM ** for a GRAND OPENING ribbon cutting & ice cream event with Mayor Marty Walsh + the kids from Boys and Girls Club Of Dorchester! See you there :)
 #DorchesterDay #DotDayParade, ... because you can never have too much chocolate + sprinkles in your ice cream cone :), WOW! The kids at Up Academy Dorchester keep making us smile. Take a look at the amazing cards they made to thank us for hosting their field trip last week!💙, Good news for parents of little ones: you can now enjoy your ice cream with two hands! We just got a high chair :), When it comes to ice cream toppings, not many things beat fresh, homemade whipped cream!, We had the pleasure of hosting an end-of-year field trip for the students at Up Academy Dorchester. They each got any flavor ice cream they wanted with toppings then went to the playground. One girl said it was the "BEST. DAY. EVER!" :), We had a blast hosting an end of the year field trip for 1st graders from UP Education Network this afternoon! What an incredible group of kids-- come back soon :), We're very excited to announce our new summer hours: Chill On Park will now be open till 9pm every night!🎉, It's hot out there today! Time to cool down & chill out 😎, Today we remember all the men & women who have fought for our freedom. We'll be open all day long from 11am-9pm -- come celebrate Memorial Day with us! 🇺🇸🍦, Hope you're enjoying the long weekend! We'll be here till 7PM today serving up homemade ice cream, frappes, and more :), We're very proud to offer so many incredible varieties of homemade ice cream from Puritan Ice Cream in Roslindale! Which flavor would YOU want to try?, I scream, you scream, we all scream for the LONG WEEKEND! Come by & celebrate with a scoop🍦, Messages like this make us so happy! We love being a spot in the community where families can go for coffee & ice cream :), Want some ice cream with your toppings?, "The space is really beautiful, modern, bright, and peaceful. It’s well designed and offers free WiFi so would be a great place for a meeting or remote work"

Thank you for the kind review, Travel, Wine, and Dine! Glad you enjoyed yourself :) http://bit.ly/1Hft74I, Not in the mood for ice cream or coffee? We have a yummy tea selection thanks to MEM Tea Imports, too! There's China Green, Moroccan Mint, and Chai, to name a few-- something for everyone! ☕️🍦🍵, We're open at 11am on Sundays, serving up hot coffee & locally-made ice cream. Hope to see you!, Starting tonight & lasting till August, the sunset in Boston will be on or after 8pm-- that's ice cream weather in our book!, HAPPY FRIDAY!

This Friday is extra happy, as our doors open to the public at 11am! Come say hello, check out our new space, & kick off your weekend with something sweet🎈, https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.443115492533656.1073741830.433794490132423&type=3, This morning we chatted with RadioBDC about the inspiration behind starting Chill On Park, and why it will be a special part of the local community. You can listen to the full radio clip here: http://bit.ly/1GagBaF

PS: doors open to the public at 11am tomorrow!, Eating ice cream with Julie Kramer of RadioBDC this morning! So much fun — thanks for having us!!, Love seeing the community enjoying our new space. Come back soon!✌️, It's true! We're open to the public this Friday, 5/15. Thanks for the feature, BostInno. :) http://bit.ly/1FbZSTJ, We hope you'll feel at home at Chill On Park this summer! You can find us at the intersection of Park St & Dot Ave, right around the block from the Fields Corner T stop. :), Happy to be supporting this amazing cause today! http://www.mothersdaywalk4peace.org/, Do as Jenn and Erica's shirts say and chat with us at @chillonpark!

Instagram: https://instagram.com/chillonpark/
Twitter: https://twitter.com/chillonpark, We're looking forward to a long summer in Fields Corner, filled with coffee, ice cream, and of course... M&M's!, A big thanks to MyDorchester for stopping by yesterday! We hope you enjoyed your visit and we hope to see you again soon. :), We are proud to support and sponsor the Louis D. Brown Peace Institute's 19th Annual Mother's Day Walk for Peace! Join us in helping to end violence this Sunday: http://www.mothersdaywalk4peace.org/, A big thanks to AJ (of Union Park Design) and Carlos (of Columbine Floral Design) for our beautiful wall — we love it!, Thanks so much to @streetcartracks, our very first coffee customer!, SO SOON!! Getting extra excited for our opening in Field's Corner this Friday!, Wendy picked up our coffee from Karma Coffee Roasters yesterday! This is David, who was roasting our coffee when we stopped by. Happy to be working with a company that prides itself on a socially responsible product. :), Meet our three assistant managers: Jenn, Erica, and Tameika!, Find us on page 4 of the Dorchester Reporter today, and come visit us this Friday for our soft opening! Can't wait. :), Owner Wendy Issokson in action training our awesome new employees from the Boys and Girls Club Of Dorchester yesterday!, Team Chill!, "My mission is to really have a comfortable place in the neighborhood where people can come hang out, meet friends, and treat themselves."

Thank you Eater Boston!, Here are some photos of our mural being created! We're so excited for our opening in Field's Corner in Dorchester!, null)