List(Hey friends. Ramen Rave is happening! May 7th in Evanston, IL. I'm gonna be debuting a pork broth miso ramen (sorry vegetarian homies...) that's designed for the event. Also gonna lay down some beats after serving ramen. Should be a pretty excellent time, so swing on by!

It's going down May 7th 23:00-03:00 La Macchina Cafe - Evanston. Buy your tickets in advance from La Macchina. Grab one of their fantastic coffees or gourmet food items while you're there! Let's do this., Yooooooo! Guys, I know it has been so long since I've posted anything here. Too long. I'm sorry. 申し訳ないね。

Life in Tokyo is more difficult than I thought! I have been looking for a restaurant from which I can serve Pop Ramen 2.0, and it has been tough, as I imagined. But! I think I may have found a little 2-burner café that will allow me to serve Pop Ramen, Tokyo Style! I'm keeping it under wraps for the time being, but I will be working with the owner to develop a dish that's cheap, tasty, and doesn't require too much prep time. 

On the side, I have been working on developing a ramen-based YouTube program, but it is in the early stages, so I won't say any more here. ;)

Finally, today (March 5) is Ando Momofuku's birthday! He is a legend in the world of ramen, as the inventor of the instant noodle cup. Check out his wiki here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Momofuku_Ando
NPR piece:
http://www.npr.org/blogs/thesalt/2013/08/16/212671438/ramen-to-the-rescue-how-instant-noodles-fight-global-hunger

I hope you guys are all doing well! I miss you, Boston!, Finished! Shouyu ramen, simple style, Just want to thank all the pigs whose lives have been  taken for our pleasure and nutrition. Your bones, your flesh, and your spirit are in every ramen bowl. 

Guys, please respect your food channels. It's a complex equation of which we are the fortunate benefactors., Today's ramen: special roasted garlic shouyu tonkotsu.

Early stages here, guys. Early stages. Updates to come., Secret event in the works.
Location: Evanston, IL
Theme: Miso Ramen & Underground Dance Party

We tested out the kitchen facilities today. All systems go., Practice practice practice., Miss you Boston fans! I wish you could be here today in Chicago enjoying some veggie miso and shouyu tonkotsu!, Hey everybody, thanks for coming out to eat yesterday! We had a very enjoyable time making ramen for you, and I'm bummed I can't do more events this year in Boston. You have been really cool and supportive, and it's been rad to meet you all. Keep it real, ramen fans!, Special topping for Sunday: green onion kimchi!, Pop Ramen the Last is happening this Sunday (Aug 17)! Git your tickets at Yume Wo Katare while you can. Looking forward to seeing you ramenauts there!, Gettin weird with some chashu tacos! Felt inspired in Logan Square, Chicago.

One "gringo" style, one more minimal., Hey Pop Ramen fans! It's been a while, hasn't it? Apologies, yo!

So I've been working recently on developing a new summer-friendly soup...and let's just say things have been a bit challenging. Er...I've been slacking! Yikes. Also, I've decided to move away from Boston this fall to keep pursuing my ramen dreams. My dream is to move to Tokyo this fall and continue my ramen training. 

Therefore, upcoming this August 17th will be the last Pop Ramen for a while! I will be sticking with my original Miso recipe. I want as many of you as possible to be able to come, so I will have a higher ticket limit than in the past. Same 11:00AM-2:00PM time.

I hope to continue to post on this Pop Ramen page to keep you guys up to date on my crazy ramen adventures in Japan! You guys have all been so awesome this past year, supporting Pop Ramen and my experiments. I've had such a good time, and I want to stay connected! My ultimate goal is still to come back to Boston and bring ramen to you guys again, so I'll do my best to try not to stay away too long. 

See you guys on the 17th!, null, Thank you so much to everyone who came out on Sunday to eat! We always love seeing all of your beautiful faces behind bowls of ramen.

For the near future, I will not be hosting any more events! I have had an awesome time getting to know some of you regulars and serving our ramen, but I personally think the miso ramen is better suited for cold weather, and I want to focus on developing a new dish that will compliment the hot temps in Cambridge. Pop Ramen is goin' R&D-ing!

But I want you guys to be a part of the R&D process, too! So I will probably have periodic small "focus groups", where you can have a chance to taste prototypes and give feedback. We will let you Ramenauts know soon! In the meantime, please comment below with any flavors, styles, or colors you enjoy in a noodle dish.

Finally, Pop Ramen has a Twitter account (@PopRamen)! We have no followers or tweets...but soon the R&D photos will flow! Ch-ch-ch-check it.

---Walker, 2929292929292929twenty-ninetwenty-ninetwennyninetwennyninechwennyninechwennynine29!

Next Pop Ramen is Sunday, June 29! Swing by YWK during the next two weeks to pick up a ticket and make a reservation. 

This time again we will be further developing the spicy oil and tweaking the miso recipe a bit. Always moving forward!

See y'all there peeps., Thank you fans, for coming out and hangin' with us this past Sunday! We had a blast. Looking forward to the next event, which will be late June or mid-July. Stay tuned!, Ayyyyoooo ramen fans! What's good? So as some of you remember, our experimental spicy oil last week maybe wasn't as fire-hot as we had all hoped. Our bad! This week we will deploy the Beta, and hopefully we can deliver some crazy slow burn for all you hotheads. 

You guys who like to keep it a bit more chill and generally avoid having smoke emanate from your ears, we will also serve our mellow oil Beta, which will have even more delicious garlic and ginger flavors.

Tickets are still available for this Sunday! Swing on by YWK to grab yours today. Remember, it's cool to skip the line if you are just buying a ticket. Just let the cashier know you would like a Pop Ramen ticket, and he/she will help you when there is a moment.

Git pumped y'all!, Thanks again to everyone who made it last Sunday! Our next Pop Ramen is on June 8th, and tickets are on sale at Yume Wo Katare, as usual. See you again, Ramenauts!, Gorgeous day today in Cambridge...perfect for ramen! We have the funky stuff bumpin down here, and we are super excited for today. If you don't have a ticket, there are still some spots open between 11:00-12:00, so come on by and grab one.

Looking forward to seeing you all today!, Hey ho, Pop Ramen followers. May 18 is soon approaching, and there are still some tickets left, so come on down to Yume Wo Katare to buy yours from tonight to Saturday! 

In addition to the new featured topping (seasoned bamboo shoots), we will be working on developing a new flavored oil to pair with the broth. We are now considering a spicy oil and an oil flavored with ginger and garlic, but we wanted to let you guys weigh in! 

So, how do you fans feel? Would you like an oil that is hot n spicy, or one that is mellow and garlicky?, Ramenauuuuts! The featured topping for May 18 still has not been guessed, so here is a second clue! Person who guesses the item will win 2 tickets to May 18.

Clue #2: I am a plant known for my robustness and beautiful forests.

There are still tickets available for the 18th, so swing by Yume Wo Katare to pick yours up and make a reservation., Hey friends! Tickets for Pop Ramen May 18th are currently on sale at Yume Wo Katare during regular business hours. Come on by and grab yours while you can!

As was previously mentioned, we will have a contest on facebook to win 2 free tickets for May 18th. All you have to do is guess the topping that will be featured that day! We will post some clues here on facebook about what the topping will be. Good luck!

Rules:
-You can answer with the Japanese name or English name.
-You only get one guess. If you guess incorrectly, you will be ineligible to win when subsequent clues are posted.

Clue #1:
This topping is an excellent addition to anyone's diet, with potential anticarcinogenic, antimicrobial, and antiviral properties and a nutrition profile that any mother would love., Hey Pop Ramen fans! What's good? Thanks again for coming out on Sunday -- we had a blast! Also for those of you who couldn't make it, the secret featured topping was a shiitake mushroom and garlic sesame sautée. We would love to hear some feedback from those of you who tried it!

The next Pop Ramen will be on May 18th. Tickets will go on sale once Yume Wo Katare reopens. 

We shall have a bit of a game, guys. I will start posting clues, and the first person to guess the featured topping for the next even will win a free bowl of ramen. Stay tuned for hints about the next featured topping. 

Ramenauts, until next time!, Thanks to Pan from Boston Magazine for a rad write up of Pop Ramen!

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2014/04/07/pop-ramen/#gallery-1-8

Looking forward to tomorrow, guys!, Guys, a new topping has been discovered this week that's pretty dang tasty and rather tubular. It's going to be served this Sunday, included in the price. Get excited. Still some tickets left for this Sunday. If you don't have a ticket yet, swing on by YWK to buy one. Advert posters are going up in YWK tomorrow or Friday, so get the tickets while they last, facebook fans!, To everyone who came to the opening of Pop Ramen on Sunday, thank you so much! We all had a ton of fun serving you, and we look forward to April 13th when we will see you folk again. Again, tickets can be bought from Yume Wo Katare this week and next week during regular business hours., Nothing like jazz and ramen to cure what ails you on a rainy day in Cambridge., Hey fans! Wow, tickets to our grand opening this Sunday are completely sold out thanks to all of you crazy ramenauts! We are super excited over here. If you didn't know before, this was our "private sale", advertised only on facebook to you fans of Yume Wo Katare. 

Tickets for our next opening, on April 13th (Sunday), will go on sale tonight during Yume Wo Katare regular hours. This time around, we will be advertising to the general public with ads in the restaurant, so if you didn't get a chance to make a reservation for this week, swing by YWK and buy a ticket for April 13th.

Ramenauts, let's do this!, Just a reminder: Yume Wo Katare is closed until Saturday this week, so tickets will not be sold at the restaurant until Saturday., Come on down for our grand opening! A totally new vegetarian miso ramen (meat is available as a topping, of course). $10 bowl, plus $1 for meat topping. Ticketed reservation only. Quantities extremely limited (54 bowls).

You can buy a ticket during normal business hours at Yume Wo Katare. We look forward to meeting you all!)