List(Tomorrow! Chef Matt Jennings is coming to Portsmouth with dishes like green gage plums & oysters, grilled squid with squid ink aïoli and tagliatelle with Uni. Yeah, you won't want to miss this! #professionalsonly 🐚🐠🐙 #friendsinhospitality, Join us tomorrow and enjoy Chef Kevin Nocella's take on New England Cuisine for our guest chef series!, null, A look into this past weekends Fire & Ice Festival where Bar Manager, Erin Mahoney made a "Hot Date" cocktail with bourbon, Campari, lemon and fresno chili agave!, Welcome to NH, Two Roads!, A look into Jessica Klein of Oh I Design blog and her weekend in Portsmouth! 
http://ohidesignblog.com/a-weekend-in-portsmouth-nh/, Tuesday!! Rob Martin from When Pigs Fly Pizzeria in Kittery will be in the kitchen for our Guest Chef Series! Come by and say hello and see Chef Rob's take on New England cuisine.
 #notjustanoysterbar, Follow Row 34 NH on Tumblr. for a further look inside the education & culture behind our restaurant walls. A huge shoutout to Becky Pelletier, a member of our opening team, for allowing us to keep up with the Rowmies. #professionalsonly
http://row34nh.tumblr.com/, Thank you, North Country for consistent delicious cider., Guest Chef Series: Chef Gary Kim is here.....#notjustanoysterbar, On his days off, Gary Kim is normally playing basketball before poutine at the Black Birch. Tonight, he's bringing bouillabaisse ramen to life at Row 34 NH for our Guest Chef Series! See you tonight, 5pm., null, Tonight! Chef Sam Ostrow of Block Six is cooking for our weekly Guest Chef Series. Chef Sam lives in the Seacoast area and enjoys spending time local. "I have two young Daughters and am fortunate enough to live 10 minutes from one of the most the most beautiful places on earth, Kittery Point. We spend most days that aren't too cold or rainy at Fort Foster hiking, swimming, playing, searching for "treasures", eating picnic lunches, and relaxing." Stop by tonight!, Row 34 will be closed after 2pm today for our Annual Holiday Party! We will resume normal service at 11:30am, Monday February 1st!, null, Wishing Ben Hasty of Thistle Pig well! Chef Nicki Hobson is coming North from the OG Island Creek Oyster Bar to be our Guest Chef tonight! Salt cod croquettes and steamed little rock garganelli! 😍, Join us for Game Day in New England! We will be showing the game with audio at 3:05pm to cheer on the home team!, Chef Ben Hasty is here for our Guest Chef Series this Tuesday 01/26! Menu teaser: Fried Breezy Hill Farm Pork Shoulder. #Drool, Tomorrow one of our favorites from Fort Point in Boston makes his way North to represent Tavern Road for our Guest Chef Series! Chicken liver mousse may or may not be in those meatballs...., Last minute switch! Fort Point does Portwalk this week for the Guest Chef series! Louis DiBiccari of Tavern Road will be here Tuesday the 19th for our Guest Chef Series. #rowgoesNorth #FortPointTakeover, Tonight! Jason Miller is here, and he may or may not have brought St. Joe's warm bennies for dessert. #guestchefseries 5-9 at Row 34 Portsmouth !, null, null, Snow day!, Good things do come in small packages! Thank you to our friends at  Seacoastonline.com for including Chef Jeremy Sewall and his Oyster Stew in "The Dish.", For your oyster lovers this Holiday., As cleanup continues, we send our condolences to the Portsmouth Gas Light Co.. We will be offering our family discount to Gaslight employees now through Friday. 50% off food until 5pm.

https://www.gofundme.com/2wedu5jg, Every Day!!, Brunching in Portsmouth! Not just oysters..., #AmericasOysterKing, null, Our favorite guy Chef Jeremy Sewall was featured on WCSH 6 in Portland this week. Take a peek to see how he creates warming and delicious Oyster Stew. #207, We have some friends just a ways south from here, and they're really good and what they do. Congratulations, Eastern Standard Kitchen & Drinks! via The Boston Globe http://ow.ly/Ucn0n, Not everyone can get to lunch before 2:30pm, so we have extended our full lunch menu hours until 5pm. Join us any day of the week, 11:30 - 5pm for lunch (Brunch on Sundays)! And of course, raw bar all day, every day., Honored to be included amongst our friends and neighbors!, "So how does one grow oysters? What's the process? What makes a good oyster?" A day on the farm with Chris Sherman., Welcome to the new age., Eat all you want, we'll grow more., Thank you Kate Putnam for taking the time to join us for dinner! http://stayworkplay.org/blog/cordially-invited/, Next stop: Scandinavia. Thanks for the suggestions MPG! #row34finds http://www.afar.com/magazine/4-scandinavian-bars-you-need-to-visit-according-to-a-beer-director, Thank you Rachel Forrest for your thoughtful review. Humbled.   #portsmouthnh, Thanks for coming by to see us Chronicle on WCVB Channel 5. #TankAway #PortsmouthNH, A preview into the life on the farm., Tonight's  Chronicle on WCVB Channel 5 features some familiar faces in #Portsmouth. Tune in!, Help us raise a glass to our friends at Fat Dog Shellfish Co., Island Creek Oysters and the University of New Hampshire Oyster Restoration Project. #professionalsonly via Boston Magazine, A great video on how Banded Horn got started and their inspiration. Now that the tasting room is open we  need to make a trip North!, Pre-Service blind beer tasting., Thank you Rachel for helping call attention to the seacoast's aquaculture community!, The new oyster cult...ICOs meet the land of Great Bays., Keep up with what's happening in our daily briefings! 

http://row34nh.tumblr.com/, Tomorrow., Pearl in our Island Creek Oysters!, Boston Magazine gives some of our favorite neighbors *(and us) a nod in their June issue. #professionalsonly #portsmouth, Articles from the 90s on, not cousin Mark, but Grandpa George Sewall. Throwback!, Coming to you live today at 5pm: oysters, beer and good times., Little roof action with Jimmy Mac. Final walk-throughs., Live Free or Die. I think we might need t-shirts?, null, null, It's all happening. First Day at ROW34 Portsmouth! #syllabusday, Row 34 will be hosting open interviews again tomorrow, May 2nd, in Portsmouth! Come see what we are about and inquire about joining our team from 11am - 4pm at the Hampton Inn on Portwalk Place., More staff training down on the farm. Some time well spent in the hatchery with Hannah! Learning about oyster feed and tracking their growth., Join us! We are hosting open interviews today from 5pm-9pm and this Saturday from 10am-4pm at the Hampton Garden Inn (23 Portwalk Place, Portsmouth)., Hello Portsmouth! Our team is training on the farm in Duxbury today taking in the spring season. Can't wait to see you in town soon., null)