List(We aren't saying our customers are smarter than average- The Economist is!

https://www.facebook.com/TheEconomist/posts/10154104818539060, Requests for Lemon Espresso prompted a Friday night ice cream making session, which started badly when we found out that we were out of lemons.  Ugh.  But no worry because I have been playing with an Espresso Orange granita made with Barismo clockwork.  So tomorrow we will make Orange Espresso, with whiskey replacing the vanilla extract used in Lemon Espresso ice cream. 

Making granitas is a simple way to test ideas for sorbets.  A granita is basically a still-frozen sorbet with big crystals.  "Still-frozen" is a somewhat technical or historical term for frozen desserts made without modern equipment.  You can make a granita with Hawaiian Punch and a fork.  We try to do better than that.  Granitas are a wonderful hot weather treat for anyone who has visited Italy in the summer.  We also use them when anxious overseas Italians arrive and need some attention., Next Thursday, April 7 we make our first ice cream delivery of the season to The Nut House.  Way out in Provicetown where you can get lost in the dunes and feel like you've found the End of the World., If Yale moves to Boston do we also get all the good pizzeria's, and the funny spelling of "apizza"?

http://www.bostonglobe.com/metro/2016/03/29/yale-moving-boston-could-make-sense-one-writer-says/aSYnuuonR7UVmRzKEqMWXL/story.html?p1=Article_Recommended_ReadMore_Pos1, "Vanilla has increased in price from about $40 a kilogram to more than $500."  This sounds like dialogue from Miami Vice but it is not.

http://www.nytimes.com/2004/04/07/dining/shortage-makes-vanilla-as-precious-as-gold.html?_r=0, Today is Easter Sunday and we are open on a gorgeous day, until 11PM.  For wonderful culture you can find Gilbert & Sullivan at Harvard.  HMS Pinafore.

http://hrgsp.org/, Devra First reviews a movie about Jonathan Gold.  He should get to review a movie about Devra First.  http://www.bostonglobe.com/arts/movies/2016/03/23/city-gold-focuses-restaurant-critic-jonathan-gold-but-about-much-more-than-food/FVDrlBwUPZIMRJGYAlQLOL/story.html, Our agents have visited one of the world's wonderful coffee shops in Tokyo., Today is Wednesday March 23, 2016.  Purim starts at sunset.  We have Hamentashen ice cream., Everyone in my family likes Peeps but neither my brother nor I have been able to make a Peeps ice cream, which may be a very good thing.

http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2016/03/21/how-peeps-are-made-from-start-finish/HIyO91Q7loiHW4x8ywt6DP/story.html, Adam Crosetti made Bourbon Heath Bar and Hamentashen.  Purim starts tomorow night at sunset.  We got the cookies at Kupel's and Clear Flour.  Prune and Poppy Seed.  The origin of the cookie shape varies and the meaning of the name also varies.  In Italy they are "Orrechi di Aman."  Ears of Hamen., We're pivoting like President Obama's foreign policy.  St. Patrick's Day has come and gone.  Purim is on the way.  Purim is a happy Jewish holiday featuring a lot of merriment and hamentashen cookies.  We went to Brookline and bought some at Kupel's and some at Clear Flour.  We'll have the flavor from sunset Wednesday to sunset Thursday., People are always working on ice cream sandwiches like its some trick of alchemy.  I like ours which Bettina and Jess make with great care.  

http://www.grubstreet.com/2016/03/oddfellows-ube-ice-cream-sandwich.html?mid=facebook_grubst, Here's a review of the show that prompted my trip north to Maine's Jewish Museum in Portland.  Well-stated.

http://www.pressherald.com/2016/03/20/much-with-a-brush-henry-isaacs-at-maine-jewish-museum/, null, null, St.Patrick's Day isn't the greatest holiday for food.  Even Purim is better.  But the Globe has a recipe by Gordon Hamersley on oxtails braised in Guinness.  Why didn't we think of that!  Instead we made Guinness ice cream, Guinness soft-serve and Guinness Caramel sauce.  Guinness ice cream is an offensive idea to many of our Irish relatives but people from Trinidad make Guinness pies and Guinness ice cream.  The Guinness soft-serve is way better than a green shake served at McDonald's., The MFA shows interesting movies in its austere, handsome theatre.  No popcorn.  No beer.  Talented young students at the New England Conservatory.  3PM today, We Mar 16, 2016.

http://www.mfa.org/programs/film/talent-has-hunger-2, Life in Cambridge, actually north Cambridge and not far from the strange neighborhood of birdhouses.  People walk around, craning their necks, listening.  Listening and perhaps hoping that a beautiful bird will land atop them, like a statue somewhere in Britian., Ice cream news from Way Out West.  

http://www.tablehopper.com/chatterbox/get-your-spoons-ready-humphry-slocombe-ice-cream-is-coming-to-whole-foods-shelves/, null, We go to Chelsea for many things including pizza.  

http://www.bostonherald.com/lifestyle/food_beverage/2016/03/fresh_pastas_wood_fired_pizzas_win_fans_in_chelsea, Last week I visited Holy Cross in Worcester to speak at Professor Andrea Borghini's Philosophy class.  We discussed matters of taste as well as a brief history of ice cream.    Since then the Holy Cross basketball has gone from success to success in the big basketball tournament.

http://www.sbnation.com/college-basketball/2016/3/10/11191570/holy-cross-crusaders-ncaa-tournament-patriot-league-bill-carmody, Confusion and craziness in the coffee shop.  What is a capuccino?  
Whatever it is you can't get one in Italy after the morning.

http://www.nytimes.com/2015/10/02/fashion/mens-style/is-that-cappuccino-youre-drinking-really-a-cappuccino.html?smid=pl-share, Eugene Mirman will be missing a few shifts because of his upcoming tours with Robyn Hitchcock and Bob's Burgers Live. Eugene worked here after being dishonorably discharged from Hampshire College's ROTC unit. 

http://behindbobsburgers.com/post/108679221984/were-taking-this-show-on-the-road-bobs-burgers, Morning at Toscanini's!, How long will you wait for a good cup of coffee?  Dunkin Donut customers and visiting Italians will not wait very long.  

http://www.wsj.com/articles/how-long-would-you-happily-wait-for-a-coffee-1456951808, Busy day in Worcester and northern Worcester County.  We went to visit Andrea Borghini's philosophy course at Holy Cross.  We discussed ice cream, angst, ennui and alienation.  We also discussed the idea of flavor, where ideas for flavors come from other profund subjects while sampling Burnt Caramel, Salty Caramel and Khulfee.  The Salty Caramel and the B3 were popular as was Khulfee, but Burnt Caramel and Green Tea were not.  

We also visited Birch Tree Bread Bakery and the construction site for Deadhorse Hill, a new restaurant from Jared Forman and Sean Woods.  Worcester rocks., Boris wanted Chocolate Whiskey and we made it for him.  Harvey wants Cocoa Rum Chip and that will be made, probably tomorrow., Happy Leap Year!!!!

We have Grape Nut, Grape Nut Raisin, Green Tea Grape Nut, Cherry Grape Nut, Grape Nut Rum Raisin, Maple Cookie Dough Grape nut.

We also have NOT Grape Nut., A Thousand Points of Grape Nut.  Today is a random extra day in February because its Leap Year, celebrating Van Halen's great song and Aztec Camera's greater cover.  With all this randomness we decided to make a lot of grape flavors inlcuding Grape Nut, Grape Nut Raisin, Green Tea Grape Nut, Cherry Grape Nut, Grape Nut Rum Raisin, Maple Cookie Dough Grape nut.  

Flavors containing grape nuts are surprisingly popular despite the fact that many customers never ever try the flavor.  A big ice cream store in Jamaica puts grape nuts in their ice cream and people from northern New England and the Maritime Provinces eat Grape Nut Pudding.  Yummy.  Crunchy., R&D.  Report from the Skunkworks or the Tosci I Lab or whatever.  

That didn't work.  Our European agent suggested Blood Orange-Tea as a flavor.  Knowing how we process ideas he thought we might first make it as a granita and then turn it into a sorbet prototype before creating an ice cream.  Sadly the Blood Orange-White Peony tasted okay as a granita and not so bad when we first froze it s a protype but after six hours in the hardening freezer it was close to something a grade schooler would make by pouring Hawaiian Punch into an ice cube tray.  Back to the drawing board and back to the juicer.

We have had lots of requests.  Today or tomorrow we will make Coco Rum Chip.  We now understand that Cocoa Rum is not almost as good.  It is short four letters and essential textural contrast.  Another regular wants Chocolate Whiskey.  That should reappear in the dipping cabinet before mid-week.  We made Aztec Chocolate for one of the stallions at Cambridge Bicycle, but after we set aside a pint, someone else took it home to enjoy while watching reruns of Saved By The Bell.  We will make that flavor again.  

There are new batches of Spicy Butterscotch Sauce and Beer Caramel Sauce.  

I've been lucky to visit Japan, where I ignore the temples and shrines and eat ice cream and tofu donuts.  I also recommend most of the trains.  For more than a year, we have made Kinako ice cream, which is a roasted soy flour.  It tastes nutty but does not contain any nuts.  I think the taste is more malty and the main appeal is a gentle powdery texture.  Today we are serving Kinko soft-serve.  This does work., Years ago Toscanini's sponsored a very successful basketball team, Chocolate No. 3 (Dark), coached by Sandy Gilmour.  The team won the City of Cambridge championship and allegedly played a Harvard Law School team that included Barack Obama.  We have no proof of this although everyone has looked for a photo of the event.   In any case, President Obama has revealed his early job history.  

http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/president-obama-talks-job-scooping-ice-cream/story?id=37195025, The Great Issues.

We do not make espresso's to go, or espresso macchiato's to go or capuccino's to go.  We will make these drinks if you bring in a To Go cup, some of which are adorable and just the right size.

The main reason for not making these drinks in 12 ounce cups has to do with taste and perhaps health.  The heat and the acidity of the espresso dissolves the bleach in the white cardboard and makes the drink taste funny.  If you swirl the espresso in the paper cup you aggravate this problem.  

It is hard to get precise proportions for a 4 ounce or 6 ounce drink when using a 12 ounce cup.

Americans love to get what they want.  We're not trying to be difficult., We're working on a whisky and stout softserve combination.  What an idea.  We're also making Chocolate Whisky because of a late-night customer request and in order to practice for the upcoming holiday.  And playing around with ice creams made with different toasted breads may result in an Irish Soda Bread flavor.  One that we love.

Today we're serving Chocolate Sluggo, a flavor we probably don't make as frequently as we should.  A customer asked for it so we quickly made a batch.  Chocolate Sluggo is named after Paul Slovenski, a coach at MIT.  This is the only flavor we make named after an individual.  It is a parfait of our lightest chocolate, Belgian Chocolate, freighted with what were once Hydrox cookies, and our darkest chocolate, Cocoa Pudding.  We added chocolate chips and chopped almonds and a ribbon of chocolate ganache.  When we first conceived this flavor Slovenski was disappointed.  He had a sort of kitchen sink flavor in mind, one containing fresh fruit, dried fruits and more nuts.  I later learned that he was lobbying a nearby pizza for a similarly complicated Pizza Sluggo.

Today we also have Berry White, which is the only flavor we make named after an over-sized legend of soul music.  This is white chocolate and Raspberry, with chocolate-raspberry candies., your are welcome, Jess created two new softserve flavors as part of Summer is Coming.  We just added Vanilla Rum and Chocolate RaspeberryTruffle.  Not the usual flavors at the DQ., We thought you would be more romantic, but we were wrong.  So we are selling our extra Valentine's cakes (7) at $10.00.  Romance is in the air at Tosci!, Wherever you live you may find yourself suddenly engulfed in a crowd of people who are strangely specific in appearance and manner and entirely unfamiliar.  I don't think the phenomenon of being engulfed is a murmuration but the collective behavior of the identical strangers would be described as a murmuration if they were birds.  Once friends were visiting from New York and they had rented a room in the very nice Hyatt hotel near MIT.  After leaving their room and encountering characters from a Star Wars bar scene they realized that they were visiting during a science fiction convention.  I've had several encounters with scores of earnest young executive assistant types, similar to the Miles character on Murphy Brown, or Al Gore.  They have been in town for Harvard's Forensic Tournament.

I and several friends participated in forensics while going to high school in New Jersey.  Forensics in the Garden State could sometimes have the pitch of a plea bargain in a criminal court or the verisimilitude of a well-transcribed wiretap.  I avoided the serious areas like debate to concentrate on humorous interpretation.  Most people in this area choose pieces to perform that are pleasing to English teachers.  They are wry, piquant and evocative of Addison and Steele.  But not funny.  As a lonely reader of Grump Magazine I had obtained perfect material, genuinely funny,laugh out loud material, "The Care and Feeding of Pet Clams.  In competition I and the clams did fairly well because people would actually laugh.  But the best joke was on me.  At the end of the school year there was a joint fathers and sons dinner for the wrestling team and the forensics club.  My high school loved its  outstanding wrestling team and both the fathers and sons were less enthusiastic about the forensics team, whose members were likely to become accountants or worse.  The head of the school began the meeting by introducing the forensics team and its advisor.  Then he introduced the wrestling coach, who looked like University of Texas great, Tommy Nobis or a Russian general. It was your choice.  The coach approached the microphone, looked mischievous and said "These are the boys who didn't make the forensics team."  

http://www.joyoftournaments.com/ma/harvard/info.asp, I wanted to name this flavor Red Dwarf after the British television series but instead we are calling it Red Fluff.  Its a softserve flavor made with marshmallow fluff, roasted beets and raspberries.  It will be paired with Cardamom if you like to twist things.  Then we are working on Peanut Butter and Banana, for Elvis and maybe Bill Clinton, or the younger Bill Clinton., The Globe has a story on romantic meals for culinary couples, including Tse Wei Lim and Diana Kudajarova.  They are the chef-owners of Journeyman, Back Bar, Study and Ames St. Deli 

They decribe their first date:   Hot chocolate at L.A. Burdick in Cambridge. They progressed to sandwiches at Darwin and ice cream at Toscanini’s when the relationship blossomed.

http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2016/02/08/for-valentine-day-romantic-recipes-from-boston-area-culinary-couples/EVk9fGGg1hG9C2kImBxQrI/story.html, We have two new softserve flavors today:  Sweet Vanilla Bean and Chocolate Nutella.  We have had vigorous debates about whether the point of having two flavors is to "twist" them or simply offer a Reaganesque "choice."  (Not an echo.)  I'm not a big fan of the twist, although I do remember Chubby Checker's dance lessons on WOR TV., Count Basie and Kenny Field are both from Red Bank, NJ.  Tonight his band celebrates its 25th anniversary at Harvard Square's Regattabar. 

https://www.bostonglobe.com/arts/2016/02/09/revolutionary-snake-ensemble-celebrates-years/8p97EmszDXKfIjMysbdX5O/story.html, Snow is general all over Cambridge.

A few light taps upon the pane made him turn to the window. It had begun to snow again. He watched sleepily the flakes, silver and dark, falling obliquely against the lamplight. The time had come for him to set out on his journey westward. Yes, the newspapers were right: snow was general all over Ireland. It was falling on every part of the dark central plain, on the treeless hills, on the Bog of Allen and, farther westward, softly falling into the dark mutinous Shannon waves. It was falling, too, upon every part of the lonely churchyard on the hill where Michael Furey lay buried. It lay thickly drifted on the crooked crosses and headstones, on the spears of the little gate, on the barren thorns. His soul swooned slowly as he heard the snow falling faintly through the universe and faintly falling, like the descent of their last end, upon all the living and the dead., We are open.  This storm was hours late starting.  It has always been predicted to leave a heavier snowfall south of Boston, towards the cape and islands.  Right now, here in the 02139 zipcode it is  quiet and gentle, but steady.  We have lots of ice cream, coffee from Barismo and Batdorf & Bronson, tea from ME Tea and softserv.  The internet is working and the music is good.

We also have spicy butterscotch sauce and a new Beer Caramel sauce.  And we have lots of cakes, from America's Most Decorated  Ice Cream Cake Decorator., Woke up to a beautiful snowscape.  Spent a quiet morning making Buttermilk ice cream and prepping Rye ice cream from a Michael Laiskonis recipe.    Made A big batch of Beer Caramel that is another element of that recipe.  Hovering over two saucepans is fun when one is full of caramelizing sugar and the other is full of Anchor Steam being reduced.  I don't like to drink but I could do this for hours.  We also made another batch of the Spicy Butterscotch sauce.  The morning was like a better version of Breaking Bad.

The Beer Caramel doesn't contain any honey although it has a honey-like texture.  Today's softserve flavors include Salty Vanilla and Salty Chocolate, Ben probably didn't think about this but Ben and Jerry's is introducing vegan flavors.  The flavors are made with almond milk, since soy milk has been under suspicions for a few years.  

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/health/blog/2016/02/03/almond-milk-ben-jerrys/, The LATimes has the best coverage of Girl Scout cookies, including who makes the best shake (which we know is really a frappe) and a special drink suggesting the infinite creativity of The Creative Class, The Drunken Girl Scout.

http://www.latimes.com/food/dailydish/la-dd-girl-scout-cookie-milkshake-thin-mints-20160202-story.html, The WSJ on Ben or Ben and Jerry making ice cream for Bernie.
Bring back Bridget Loves Bernie. 

http://www.wsj.com/articles/bernies-ice-cream-stand-1454026469, This speaks for itself., The new Bernie Sanders flavor isn't from Ben and Jerry's.  Corporations cannot endorse candidates and years ago Ben and Jerry sold out to Unilever .  The ice cream is from Ben.  Ben, Jerry and Bernie are all from Brooklyn.  

http://www.latimes.com/food/dailydish/la-dd-ben-jerrys-bernie-sanders-ice-cream-20160127-story.html, The Globe recognizes the changes going on next door at Cinderella's.  Cinderella's still delivers pints of Toscanini's from a limited menu.  

https://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/style/2016/01/25/after-two-decades-time-for-change-cinderella/aRct2WjVqYgX1LpbN7IjTI/story.html, The smart and nice kids and smart and nice people of Nu Vu are appropriately located near Toscanini's between MIT and Harvard.   They like ice cream, thank goodness., Chanel Parks of The Huffington Post says very nice things about our coffee and the work done by so many people, from before we open until closing.  We sell coffee from Barismo in Arlington, Mass. and Batdorf & Bronson in Olympia, Washington.

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/best-coffee-shop-each-state_us_56981428e4b0b4eb759dd15e, Bernie gets key support in Vermont.  

http://www.politico.com/story/2016/01/bernie-sanders-ben-and-jerrys-bernies-yearning-218185?cmpid=sf, Years ago we were hired to consult with a company in the High Desert of Southern California.  The High Desert is far away from the wonders of coastal California.  But not so far away that it had not been the location of a population surge spilling over the mountains that border Los Angeles.  Much of the area is scrubby, hilly drylands.  It hosts a lot of military facilities including test ranges and firing ranges.  This is far from New England.  

I asked the man who hired me what he thought of us as his competition.  Without hesitation he said "Thrifty Drugs."  After a drive past the Roy Rogers Museum in Victorville I was able to visit a Thirfty Drugs.  They used an odd tool to scoop cube-shaped shapes of ice cream, which they sold for ten cents apiece.  Did I mention that Roy's horse, Trigger was stuffed and on display at the museum?

Jenn Harris of the LA Times recalls all that.

Thrifty ice cream

"We're in the middle of an artisanal ice cream boom. There's no shortage of lavender-scented, salted-caramel, tomato-infused or tea-flavored ice cream in Los Angeles. But sometimes you just want an old-fashioned scoop of ice cream from Rite Aid. If you grew up in Southern California, you're probably familiar with Thrifty drug stores, since taken over by Rite Aid but still selling ice cream under the Thrifty name. You may have lovingly cherished a scoop (and dripped a little on your OshKosh denim jumper) while your mom waited for a prescription and browsed the nail polish aisle. The Thrifty ice cream counter is where you'll find bright green mint chip, cherry chip vanilla and bubble gum flavors. These ice creams are not organic. And the one flavor the most deserving of its cult following is the chocolate malted crunch. Rectangular chocolate chips are mixed into a rich chocolate ice cream dotted with tiny malted crunch balls. These distinctly squared-off scoops of ice cream should be eaten in a cone — preferably the cardboard-ish in texture, paper-wrapped sugar cones stored in the boxes that say "Super Treat." They are a super treat indeed, made even better when eaten next to a display of discounted holiday wrapping paper and popcorn tins in the middle of an aisle. This is your childhood, in a cone.

— Jenn Harris."

http://www.latimes.com/food/la-fo-what-were-into-20160123-story.html, We keep working on Kinako ice cream.  Kinako is roasted soy flour, and a powder I discovered in Japanese desserts on my first trip to that country.  The first time we made it the ice cream was good but after freezing I thought I had discovered the secret of Roman concrete.  So we began a not-unusual process and progress of trial and error.  The latest batch is strong and has a texture I hope customers will like.  Holy Cross Professor Andrea Borghini is reminded of chestnuts.  Other people have described the flavor as a nutty malted vanilla.  Be clear there are no nuts in this flavor.  We're giving away small cups to the first ten people who ask and will be selling the flavor tomorrow, Sunday., On Monday, Christopher McMullan leaves town.  I may have met Christopher when he was in culinary school.  Since then he has cooked at the end of our block, at Craigie on Main, and many other places.  He is off for the Pacific Northwest.  He will be missed and missed more when he resurfaces cooking great food., http://metalab.harvard.edu/2015/12/appropriate-memories-a-photography-remix-studio/  This is interesting and more interesting., Today is a day for deep thinking as we sample and ruminate about our ice creams and samples from other places.  

The very nice Sandra Fairbank brought two pints down from Vermont, made by the Strafford Organic Ice Cream Company.  One pint was Coffee and the other was Sweet Guernsey Cream.  The pint containers needlessly reassure people that Vermonters like and love their cows.  

Another friend found a new company while visiting Brookline's Farmers' Market.  

Honeycomb Creamery has a label that features an ice cream cone and the once-significant words, "Somerville, MA"  Years ago Mimi and I learned to make ice cream in Davis Square, Somerville.  We worked at Steve's on Elm Street and Steve's represented the beginning of big changes.  The opening of Steve's is included in a time line hidden on the lowest level of the Davis Square Red Line Station.  Its a little strange to note that the address for Honeycomb is in Malden, Mass.  Malden is not even adjacent Medford.  Hell, Malden is on the Orange Line.  But those changes from pugnacious blue collar enclave to hipster strategic hamlet have caused Somerville's cachet to expand like Eretz Israel or Greater Syria.

The flavor from Malden was Cold Brew Coffee Chip, and very good.  Good enough for Medford or even Somerville., Today is Martin Luther King Day and we're open until 11PM., Tom Brady doesn't drink coffee.  He has never drank coffee.  But he does admit to liking ice cream.  

What can we say?

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/news/blog/2016/01/11/tom-brady-coffee/, Mad Max Fury Road and the Assasin at the Brattle.  Meanwhile at the Harvard Film Archive where popcon and beer are never served they are showing Miguel Gomes' trilogy about life in Portugal.  

http://hcl.harvard.edu/hfa/films/2015decfeb/arabian.html#one, Today we're making Vanilla Marscapone.  Yesterday we made a prototype of Cardamom Cashew-Sour Cherry.  We are  awaiting informed opinion from jet-lagged idea man, who is sleeping., We helped WMBR''s with their fundraising and got a great CD of country, roots music and other stuff.   Right now we're listening to Joe Ely sing "Southern Eyes.", This is the first time we're serving Kinako ice cream.  The flavor is nut-like but there are no nuts in this ice cream.  It also reminds many people of malted vanilla.  We've been working on Kinako ice cream since my first trip to Japan when I encountered it while eating street snacks outside of Enryaku Temple near Kyoto.  Haagen-Dazs Japan makes a delicious flavor with Kinako, Kuromitsu and soft mochi., Moksa is evolving and being reconceptualized as Monroe.  We spent time talking ice cream and dessert with new chef Youssef Bougena.  

CambridgeDay.com has details.

http://www.cambridgeday.com/2016/01/09/monroe-rebrands-remakes-moksa-menu-leaves-naga-nightclub-change-mysterious/, Sometimes we spill things, Adrian Dalca is an MIT student interested in medical imaging but he has also found the time to take 1 million photos of Cambridge.  

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/news/blog/2016/01/11/boston-skyline-photos-mit/, Your memoirs of being in a vegan punk band has turned into a Dewey Decimal classification.  Juliana Hatfield and Frieda Love Smith talk about Frieda's memoir and cookbook.  It will be very hard to top Brooks Headley's Fancy Desserts.  Fancy Desserts has good stories and good recipes.  It is genuinely funny.

https://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/names/2016/01/10/two-former-blake-babies-talk-about-book/0fNgZ5bl6kmtKeG4zOalOM/story.html, We buy a lot of cookies from different girl scout troops. Many cases come from the troop in Chelsea, Mass and others come from New York State where our cousins live. The Girl Scouts kicked off this year's sales with an event at Back Bay Station. We bought several cases of Thin Mints, that were sold by a determined group of Scouts from Tyngsboro, Mass. Tynsgboro is the homeof George Gilder.
Adam has already turned these cookies into very good ice cream.
 
http://www.girlscouts.org/en/cookies/all-about-cookies.html, Formaggio has upped the ante on ice cream prices with a new pretty good gelato from Morano that costs $14.  Their shop in the Chestnut Hill mall is very good.

Previously Jeni's from Ohio was the price leader at $12 per pint.  

Haagen-Dazs has a new pint flavor, Peppermint Bark which is one of their Limited Edition flavors.  It is a Peppermint ice cream containing peppermint bark and bits of candy that look like candy canes.  I'm a poor judge of any mint flavor but its okay.  The container was covered with frost which might be the result of poor handling by the distributor or supermarket.  That poor handling was probably responsible for the visibly coarse texture.  

Haagen-Dazs Japan does everything better.

Up in Vermont, or off in Switzerland where the parent company is located, Ben and Jerry's has introduced Peanut Buttah, which may be someone else joining the working class Boston accent club.  Its probably a better name than Americone Dream and a few of the recent flavors inspired by tv hosts., The Boston Globe's  list of the 50 Best New Restaurants includes Dudley Dough which has great pizza and our Roxbury Puddingstone ice cream.  They were closing around 7PM and on weekends so check before heading there. 

https://www.bostonglobe.com/magazine/2016/01/06/boston-best-new-restaurants/iUKnLurIMnyImFoZC66F3M/story.html, Michael Floreak of The Globe's Food section writes about a documentary focused on barista competitions, including the Specialty Coffee Association convention held in Boston.

https://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2016/01/05/documentarian-rock-baijnauth-tracks-baristas-minutes-foam-barista/qC5iKqXKRaSkcPMNn5ZhhK/story.html, We're closed on Friday, January 1, 2016.  Happy New Year., Frank Malzone died, probably to insufficient acclaim.  I grew up in New York City when the Yankees were always good, almost always the World Champs.  Because my family was from Lawrence, Mass., well within the Red Sox' sphere of influence, when we visited relatives, I had a lot of exposure to the Red Sox during a period of, ahem, difficulty.  As a child, everyday I did something with a ball and glove, and when in Mass. there was constant discussion and re-enactment of Red Sox-Yankee games.  

My memory of the old Sox was the presence of a fair number of good players including the outfielder, Jackie Jensen (1958 MVP, who retired early because he didn't like to fly), the great singles hitter, Pete Runnels and Malzone at third base.  What no one  could remember was  good ptchers.  The Sox never had any.  The Globe obituary mentioned an All- Star game I attended at Yankee Stadium, where Malzone hit a home run on a team loaded with hall of famers.  I promised myself to save the ticket stub but long ago I lost it., Did two things tonight:  some experiments and had the good fortune to be in the store when two former scoopers stopped by.  Jesse Stevenson lives in Brooklyn and we have a poster for the Rindge baseball team that features Jesse and Mike Gedal.   

Ben Spatz lives in Huddersfield, England where he does theater work at the University of Huddersfield.  His new book, What A Body Can Do is available from Amazon.

http://www.amazon.com/What-Body-Can-Ben-Spatz/dp/1138854107, Devra First says good-bye to the Boston dining scene.

http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2015/12/29/hello/BEXqQCNucFxTVRumLSkJuJ/story.html, 2015 still has a few more days and hours.  While walking through Central Square I ran into a friend and mentioned that I had seen his brother.  "You didn't hear," he said,  "He died."   "He died last week."  Which was after I had seen the brother I was discussing but this guy had two brothers, or perhaps at least two brothers.  One seems lodged at the dark edge of the street and the other guy became a police officer, although he had his own issues.  We all played basketball at the courts near Sert's Peabody Terrace housing for graduate students.  

Those courts were a good example of  Cambridge's confusing taxonomy or naming traditions.  You could call them the Memorial Drive courts, or Corporal Burns (the name of the playground) or Kerry Corner which was the name of the area when it was an immigrant Irish neighborhood.  My roommates had friends in the high-rise graduate dorms and I always was curious about the architectural work of Jose Sert so I thought of them as being "Peabody Terrace," but for the most part I let others name them.

The net day I bicycled past the Cordon Bleu cooking school near Memorial Drive or Dr. Land Boulevard.  All the Cordon Bleu cooking schools in the US are to close.  I was in the neighborhood delivering ice cream and I went into a building that was once the Carter Ink Building.  When I first visited that stretch of the Charles River waterfront, the still-industrial buildings were often topped with large signs:  Electronic Corporation of America, Cain's mayonnaise and Carter Ink.  

Carter Ink housed Michela's a restaurant that tried to minimize its eccentric location with the tag line, "Worth The Detour."  I still have one of those t shirts.  Michela's was many things.  It was our first wholesale account.  It was Todd English's first restaurant and the origin place for many important figures in the Boston food scene including Chris Myers, Barbara Lynch, and Steve Solomon.   Michela's closed and was replaced by Stan Frankenthaler's Salamander restaurant which made a noodle cake that I loved with a peculiar intensity.  The Carter Ink building was also the home of Thinking Machines, for a moment perhaps the most important computer company in the world, and exemplar of massively parallel processing.  Now the building seems to be the home to many small companies and what was once the coolest restaurant space in Boston has a small snack bar in an empty atrium space., Blue Bell Ice Cream's very bad year is the cover centerpiece of the January issue of Texas Monthly, the Bum Steers "worst of Texas" issue.

http://www.texasmonthly.com/issue/january-2016/, New Lonely Planet says nice things about us and Central Square.    Mara Vorhees is the writer.  She's correct about everything.  

http://www.lonelyplanet.com/usa/boston, Adam just made Hojicha ice cream, which is a Japanese flavor made from the stems of roasted Green Tea.  We have FREE micro cups for the first 25 people who visit us, here in Central Square.  We also are working on Black Sesame and Kinako for all the customers who love Japanese food.

This quiet week is a good time for experiments like Orange Honey, Honey Vanilla Saffron, and other things we've had on our flavor lists.  Perhaps Strawberry Pudding with Nilla wafers., United Airlines has a better idea for inflight entrainment:  something other than mediocre features.  On a long flight I saw several good documentaries and a few kind of interesting Tribeca Film Festival choices.  Peter Giuliano, one of the coffee biz's nicer personalities was featured in Caffeinated.  And former scooper Esther Lee was on a food channel show about the Chicago bakery where she works.  You're stuck in the seat and can't even daydream about sneaking into a neighboring theater.  These days airlines offer choices but like the 500 cabe channels they are often bad choices.  

My best airplane movie was Fred Cavaye's Point Plank, which has no relation to the overpraised John Boorman film starring Lee Marvin.  This movie depicts a Paris that is largely devoid of people you think of as French.  Vivid acting and a great chase through the Metro.

The movie I keep hoping to find on an airplane is Big Game with Samuel Jackson in Finland., This off-center wreath has served as our Christmas season card for years.  Happy Christmas and Peace on Earth., Patrick Barrett and Robert Winters star in the Disney on Ice version of Wayne's World.

http://www.neighbormedia.org/, Christina Pazzanese of the Harvard Gazette interviews Charles Chieppo on the problems of the MBTA and some possible solutions.

http://news.harvard.edu/gazette/story/2015/12/an-rx-for-the-t/?utm_source=SilverpopMailing&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=12.18.2015%20(2)&utm_content=, http://www.nytimes.com/video/dining/100000004082419/in-the-kitchen-with-barbara-lynch.html?action=click&gtype=vhs&version=vhs-heading&module=vhs&region=title-area

our friend and great chef., On the chance people might be interested in reading here is an article from Serious Eats about Carrageenan.  The last time I checked an objection was not to the product's own qualities, but rather how it was harvested.  

http://www.seriouseats.com/sponsored/2015/12/how-carrageenan-makes-some-of-your-favorite-f.html, The chocolate shell or dip that we use with our popular softserve was named Turtletop by Adam Tessier, evoking a name offered by poet Marianne Moore to the Ford Motor Company for its ill-fated Edsel.  

http://www.lrb.co.uk/v37/n23/mary-kay-wilmers/what-a-mother, look where the bear is going...for ice cream.  can YOU still hear the bell?, The bears are back…now it's officially Christmas!  Now, for the ice cream., It is breezy, sunny and we're open until 11PM.  The MFA is showing Fred Wiseman's In Jackson Heights at 630PM.  http://www.mfa.org/programs/film/in-jackson-heights-3, We're closed all day on Thanksgiving.  Have a good holiday.  Enjoy the peace; enjoy the quiet., At 830AM I drove to Savenor's Ice on Kirkland Street.  Today's a day when we need dry ice for customers and friends taking ice cream far away.  We have already sent some to Cape Cod and more is going to New York City, the Hudson Valley and other holiday gatherings.  At that early hour I met the owner of Galley Ice Cream who was getting dry ice for her own deliveries.  We're open until 11PM and we have a lot of ice cream to accompany pies or simply be eaten while watching the Detroit Lions on television., Remember the end of Dr. Strangelove with Slim Pickens "riding down" the nuclear weapon?  Hobbits beware., Tonight, Paolo Sorrentino's newest movie is FREE at the Brattle.

http://www.brattlefilm.org/2015/11/24/youth/, Thursday is Thanksgiving.  Today is the last day of the Central Square Farmers' Market.  We celebrate how Native Americans helped early settlers, by teaching them to bury fish underneath the blacktop of city parking lots.  The resultant harvests of kale and microbrews enabled Pilgrims and Puritans to survive harsh winters., A vanilla for every pie.  People make a variety of pies for Thanksgiving.  We make a variety of vanilla ice creams that go well with every one of these pies, and thirty other flavors. Sweet Cream, French Vanilla,  French Vanilla Bean,  , Sour Cream Vanilla,  Malted Vanilla,  Honey Vanilla.

We will be closed on Thanksgiving.

We will close at 11PM on Wednesday, November 25., Tom Levenson of MIT's writing program likes Gianduia ice cream.  The Wall Street Journal likes his new book.

http://www.wsj.com/articles/einstein-destroyer-of-worlds-1448047830, Devra First says nice things about Roxbury's Dudley Dough pizzeria and mentions our Roxbury Puddingstone flavor.  Dudley Dough is closed on weekends.

https://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2015/11/21/dudley-dough-getting-piece-pie/EFIkpFMSSJnpM7B18cFeYK/story.html, There are two Sam Seidels from Cambridge.  They both eat ice cream.  One Sam Seidel was a city councillor.  The other wrote the book Hip HopGenius which has evolved into a philosophy of educational change.  http://www.hiphopgenius.org/, New England is cursed with ingredients that are celebrated for their localism but not much more.  Blueberries are dull; cranberries are worse.  But many people want something that reminds them of the region. Years ago I thought we solved the blueberry problem by increasing the amount of citrus normally used in any fruit flavor.  After years of effort we ended up with a bright flavor called Blueberry Lemon.  And we still like it.  The flavor will reappear after the next harvest.  This year we are wrestling with those pesky red fruits from Cape Cod:  cranberries.  At one point in time I discovered that cranberries bounce, and inspired by that I created a rummy Bouncing Cranberry which failed to amuse customers throughout Cambridge.  Ice cream makers Tim and Adam are enthusiastic about today's Cranberry Grand Marnier flavor.  I think the new flavor is excellent without seeming painfully contrived. 

Wisconsin actually produces more cranberries than Massachusetts but we are far head in cultural associations.   Three people are from Cape Cod and they all fill idle moments with stories of ice skating on cranberry bogs and BMX jumping the peripheral canals that surround the bogs.  Not to mention that they confirm the bouncing qualities of cranberries, Most discussions of our Roxbury Puddingstone flavor begin with questions like"Did you take geology?" or "Did you ever read any of John McPhee's books on the American landscape?"  

We could just say that this is our variation on Rocky Road  but the name has interesting origins.  Roxbury Pudding Stone can be found everywhere in eastern Mass.  Buildings are made of Roxbury Puddingstone.  There is a Puddingstone Park in Mission Hill.  It is not Pudding Pops Park.  Someday we hope people will mistakenly say that the park is named after our flavor.  Our Roxbury Puddingstone is a chocolate marshmallow ice cream with sliced almonds and chocolate chips.  The geological stuff is a pebble and cobble conglomerate.  Ours is better to eat.

We sell Roxbury Puddingstone at Roxbury's Dudley Dough pizzeria and we sell as much as can make here in Central Square., Look what Bettina's making for Thanksgiving! Sadly, our phones are out again. We'll have turkey cakes til Wednesday. Gobble gobble!, What?  Today Junior behind the counter?, Today is Saturday, November 14, 2015.  We are opening late at 1PM today, because of a memorial service.   We close tonight at our regular time of 11PM.  Our phones have not been working for days, nor do the phones of our neighbors in 02139.   Our flavor list is updated at www.tosci.com.  We also photograph the flavor board and tweet every day., Today is Friday, November 13.  Phones in this high tech capital are still not working.  Our flavors are online at www.tosci.com and we tweet photos of the menu board.  We're open until 11PM.

On Sunday we are having a small private event and will open at 1PM.  Closing will also be at 11PM., An affogato is a scoop of ice cream that is "drowned" with a shot of espresso.  We sell a lot of them and so does Boston's only real Japanese coffee shop, Ogawa.  Ogawa is located on Milk Street in downtown Boston.  The Boston Herald profiles Ogawa in today's Food section.

http://www.bostonherald.com/lifestyle/travel/2015/11/going_for_coffee_can_be_an_all_day_adventure, Harvey Halperin's intrepidly treks through and around Zion National Park in Utah.  He photographs the landscape.  Tonight at 630P we will host a reception of Harvey's recent prints., CambridgeDay.com is Cambridge's newspaper of record and this Thursday fearless leader Marc Levy is hosting at event at Out of the Blue art gallery for contributors.   We will supply ice cream but the event is not here at Tocanini's., Michel Richard's Happy in the Kitchen is a great cookbook and the title captures the joy of puttering around a kitchen on two sunny days in November.  Yesterday I returned to a previously-made  Nutella-Espresso recipe by Marc Forgione (the son of Larry Forgione) and then I made a Sour Cream ice cream after discovering that we didn't have any creme fraiche.  Both were good.  They were served during a visit by a group of Holy Cross students who are studying The Philosophy of Food with Andrea Borghini. In the late afternoon I prepped an Olive Oil gelato recipe from Nancy Silverton's Mozza cookbook and froze that this morning.  We have made olive oil ice cream before, but this recipe is amazing.  Like many of Silverton's gelato recipes and also like Jeni's ice cream out in Ohio it utilizes starch as a thickener, something you encounter in Sicily.  Silverton's Olive Oil gelato is stunning and the smallest sprinkle of salt further escalates the flavor.  All this in sunny Lafayette Square.

We also donated ice cream to WMBR's fundraiser so they can purchase a satellite to replace their antenna, and we donated cups of ice cream to the nice people at Haley House in Roxbury., Room 83 on Spring Street in Watertown is a wonderful art gallery.  Today at 5PM they have an opening and we will supply ice cream. 

http://www.room83spring.com/, Area Four has opened A4 pizzeria in Somerville, which is temporarily closed and there have been rumors about several other new restaurants.  

Boston Magazine reports a new partnership with Roxy grilled cheese that will be located near Toscanini's and possibly evoke the late, rarely lamented 101 Plays once located near the Orson Welles.

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2015/11/04/area-four-roxys-arcade/, Delivered ice cream to a Japanese noodle shop.  Kitchen music was Mexican as it so often is these days.  Which is a major improvement over variants of death metal previously found in kitchens.

Came back to Jamaican paint crew getting a head start on Christmas with jaunty reggae Christmas carols., I have a knife made by Adam Simha. He designed the famously heavy blue chairs for our customers. He designed the big light fixture above the big table. He designed the sofas. Not only was he the time-keeping center of the band, Chelsea on Fire but I saw him play guitar at a Steer Roast brawl.

https://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2015/11/03/custom-knives-made-cambridge-for-top-chefs/ftJzIftskgWCbfJJsz1g6I/story.html, Super secret social media promo:  We made too many delicious Halloween Ice Cream Cakes.  10 cakes, $10.  First come, first serve.  Ask for a Halloween cake., Today is Sunday November 1 but more importantly to sleepyheads is that it is 1PM.  Daylight Savings Time has ended.  We're open until 11PM. 

Tomorrow is a big wingding at Boston University's Metropolitan College, celebrating its 50th anniversary and the 80th birthday of Chef Jacques Pepin.  We made a special sorbet for the event

We have great soft serve today and we also have Adam's Chocolate Turtletop which is named after poet Marianne Moore's  suggested name for the Edsel.  

http://www.listsofnote.com/2012/02/utopian-turtletop.html, Its Friday October 30.  We're open until 11PM.

The last Friday of the month so we're giving away ice cream to people who leave their cars at home.

We made Black Cat which is very dark Cocoa Pudding with very dark chocolate Kit Kat bars

We made a flavor for the MIT Museum's Fright Factors event.

http://web.mit.edu/museum/programs/calendar/Fright_Factors.html, Sullivan's on Castle Island ends its season with a month of half-price hot dogs. We will all be there.  Best place in Boston to watch planes land and wind-surfers fly.

http://boston.eater.com/2015/10/29/9637058/sullivans-seasonal-closing, George Germon died, one of the founders of Al Forno restaurant in Providence, Rhode Island.  One year Patricia Wells of the International Herald Tribune named Al Forno the best bistro in the world.  It is still a favorite of mine.  He had success and perhaps more influence than fame.  Certainly, in Boston, Michela's and Olive's and the many spinoffs that followed those restaurants, noticed his ideas about food inspired by Italy.  

I visited the original Al Forno on Steeple Street in Providence.  It was the first restaurant I'd visited where the entire staff was clothed in black, perhaps an early manifestation of the urban Amish look of hipster America.  Al Forno was a restaurant with obvious roots that could be traced back to art school.

Allegedly their wonderful pizzas stemmed from a misunderstanding as to how contemporary Romans cooked very thin, matzoh-like pizzas.  Al Forno pizza are wonders and if the restaurant was full one could almost always buy a pizza at the bar.  A friend spent hours and hours chopping scallions for those pizzas.

On a visit Germon was showing a friend the kitchen when I asked why Al Forno didn't open for lunch.  "I couldn't keep the place clean enough if I was open all day."  Clean was important.  There were no rubber mats in the kitchens because they were difficult to clean.

Also Al Forno used to make ice cream to order.  Customers  would order dessert at the beginning of the meal with their entrees.  Overworked CIA externs would churn the ice cream to order.  Every dessert was fresh.  You could not say the same about the hapless externs from the Culinary Institute of America., It is hard  when you make something good and aren't quite sure how you did it.  I get annoyed when other people do this and I feel doubly stupid when I do it.  Today Mimi and Jess, with a small bit of tasting from Gus recreated the Raspberry Beet Sorbet.  This was a great flavor that we served as a soft-serve ice cream as well as a regular hard sorbet.  Tim froze it and Kriti and team packed it for BU's upcoming tribute to Jacques Pepin., We're working on Very Ginger Pear Sorbet, Raspberry Grand Marnier for friends in Rhode Island, Raspberry Beet Sorbet for for BU Culinary's Tribute to Jacques Pepin, and more Roxbury Puddingstone for Dudley Dough, Roxbury's new pizzeria.  Its dark early and cold but we're busy little bees., Richard Smith may have been the only man besides Ben and Jerry to make money selling good ice cream.  This obituary is old but interesting if you spent too much time staring into convenience store freezers looking for that special pint.  

http://www.nysun.com/obituaries/richard-smith-62-entrepreneur-created-frsen-gladj/8875/, Time Out Magazine’s list of the Best Ice Cream Stores in America
Which was shared with the New York Post, New York's tabloid of record.

#1.  Toscanini’s, Boston
The New York Times called it the best ice cream in the world—just one of the many accolades the Cambridge shop/café has collected since it was co-founded by Steve's alum Gus Rancatore in 1981. Toscanini’s continues to push the flavor boundaries with such intriguing and satisfying combinations as B3 (brownies, brown sugar, brown butter) and the amazing burnt caramel, which was actually created by accident. But if you insist on gilding the lily, order a “micro sundae,” a small scoop topped with house-made hot fudge, whipped cream, nuts and sprinkles.

http://www.timeout.com/usa/restaurants/best-ice-cream-shops-in-america, We were lucky enough to see a preview of Fall Down Seven Time Get Up Eight Times.   It shows Sunday at 1PM as part of the Asian American Film Festival.

https://www.facebook.com/fallsevengetupeight, Friday night:  Small coxswains who are Lemon Poppyseed fans from Head of the Charles.  Creative guy who worked for Frusen Gladje and Dolly Madison.  We're playing My Favorite Things by John Coltrane with McCoy Tyner.  A good Friday night., One of our customers:  
http://www.latimes.com/books/jacketcopy/la-et-jc-junot-diaz-called-antidominicano-20151023-story.html, Guess who is top of the page for Best in America?

http://nypost.com/2015/10/21/the-21-best-ice-cream-shops-in-america/

"The New York Times called it the best ice cream in the world—just one of the many accolades the Cambridge shop/café has collected since it was co-founded by Steve’s alum Gus Rancatore in 1981. Toscanini’s continues to push the flavor boundaries with such intriguing and satisfying combinations as B3 (brownies, brown sugar, brown butter) and the amazing burnt caramel, which was actually created by accident. But if you insist on gilding the lily, order a “micro sundae,” a small scoop topped with house-made hot fudge, whipped cream, nuts and sprinkles.", The New York Post and Time Out are an odd pair but they combined to produce a list of America's best ice cream stores.  "  Imagine:  "Headless body found in topless coffee shop in Williamsburg?"

http://nypost.com/2015/10/21/the-21-best-ice-cream-shops-in-america/, Today is the last day of the Arlington International Film Festival.  The Festival is so international that it takes places at the Kendall Square Cinema.   

http://www.aiffest.org/schedule/, This weekend is the Head of the Charles. It is also the Brattle's festival of Mad Max movies, and on Sunday morning is the last of this year's MIT Flea Markets when you can buy discarded equipment from the Soviet Space Station. Make that new smart dishwasher you've been imagining.
It is supposed to be chilly.
Larry Flint and the Roads Scholars will be playing at the Patrick Swayze-inspired Sally O's in Union Square, Somerville. There's no better place to hear roots county music and then eat some Peruvian food., Gary Dryfoos is retracing the Lewis and Clark expedition.  First he was in Idaho as a major domo representing the IgNobel Awards and now he is in the other Portland, probably drinking coffee and wearing flannel shirts., Ingredients, Playing with dry ice., Tag's Hardware is an unlikely local hero located in the easy to undervaluePorter Square shopping center.  The very civic-minded owners are not closing but they are reducing their involvement and selling to other managers.

http://www.cambridgeday.com/2015/10/07/tags-hardware-owners-announce-goodbye-passing-on-family-business-after-60-years/, It is Columbus Day.  Banks and government offices are closed but we are not.  We are open until 11PM.  

I also recommend reading Samuel Eliot Morrison's The European Discovery of America., Central Square's dumpling festival was a big success.  People were on line long enough to discuss the definition of a dumpling and whether gnocchi and ravioli and matzoh balls are dumplings.

My favorite definition involves something edible floating in a soup or sauce but these arguments are never settled., A good story about Cherry Garcia from Ben and Jerry.  I think the story is incomplete and doesn't include any agreement with Jerry Garcia's estate, but it also shows how flavors come about and evolve.  And it is a good flavor.

http://www.benjerry.com/whats-new/cherry-garcia-story, We're working on a vanilla bean flavor with Nilla wafers, a much simplified version of Infinite Vanilla., Thirty more minutes for the MIT Car Fest and then Honk! has migrated to Harvard Square. 

http://chariot.elevatorid.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/Final-2015_MITCarShow_Poster.jpg, Mt. Auburn Street and Belmont Street are sort of parallel streets, each rich with small stores, many of them selling food.  They are both served by trackless trollies from Harvard Square.  The Watertown line goes down Mt. Auburn Street and the Waverly line goes up Belmont Street, through Cushing Square and ending at what was once Belmont's working class Italian neighborhood of Waverly Square.  Waverly still has lots of pizza parlors.

Praline is a wonderful French patisserie, located at 203 Belmont Street.   The telephone number is 617 932-1131.  Praline sells pastriess, chocolates and fruit jellies.  All are outstanding.

Belmont Street already has Sophia's Greek grocery with its fabulous yogurt and Sofra cafe at the intersection of Mt. Auburn and Belmont Street.  

http://www.pralineconfection.com/, Just did a wonderful event, on a gorgeous day in Kendall Square.  We created a flavor for the disSolve  un Conference at MIT, which is a counterpoint to the $10,000 per head Solve Conference.  At the suggestion of Dr. Ian Condry we created a flavor that suggested inequality.  We combined two expensive ingredients:  Saffron, the world's most expensive spice, and Grand Marnier, an expensive orange liqueur from France.  Then we portioned them with intentionality.  Some cups were empty (ouch!); there were 225 tiny cups; there were 10 small cups; there were 10 large cups and a very small number of pint containers.  

John Hawkinson showed up.

Nice people a beautiful day for a good cause.  

We often make Grand Marnier and we make several flavors with Saffron including Saffron Orange Khulfee and Saffron Vanilla., Eli P. Kurtz had a business card.  It said "Eli P. Kurtz.  Knowledgeable in Some Matters".  What understatement!  I hope he still has the card.

Eli has been found by the Wall Street Journal.

http://www.wsj.com/articles/of-wheels-and-motorcycles-converting-the-dregs-to-good-use-1444146243?tesla=y, We've created an ice cream to comment on inequality and celebrate this alternative MIT conference., Boston University is sponsoring an event in honor of chef, author and community emminence Jacques Pepin.  This promises to be a great night with wonderful food.  

http://www.bu.edu/met/50/toast/?utm_campaign=Gala&utm_medium=Ads&utm_source=Bostonchefs.com&utm_source=Consumers&utm_campaign=1f94499883-September_2015_e_licious10_07_2015&utm_medium=email&utm_term=0_74891be7b2-1f94499883-314847205, Our Middle East correspondents report.

What's in a name? Chefchaouen.  Apparently it means "lookit dem cliffs" and that's what we do, but only after gazing contentedly at this serene blue and white wedding cake of a town. The ride up to Chaouen, as it is called by the clearly laid back locals, is an ear popping, seat-sliding hegira, marred only by the diesel fume cloud of the bus we are desperate to pass on a road where even the grand taxi driver knows passing is an act of pure and deadly desperation. One serpentine ribbon of roadway divides the rocky slopes and prickly pear oases, lonely enough that we wonder at ever finding a town at all. But rounding one last barren crag and the stuccoed cadmium slope of Chefchaouen slides into view. 

Nestled in a cirque created by crumbly cliffs and pyramidal hills, Chefchouen enjoys clear air and cool breezes a world apart from the shimmering desert climes below. As if to celebrate their place in the sky, the Chefchouskis have taken to painting their stucco structures in celestial shades of blue. Truth be told, the habit originated in the local Jewish quarter, the Mellah, and only became widespread with the departure of the sephardic artists. The blue glow only adds to the dizzying confusion of the small but steep medina and getting lost and found again in the crooked corridors is the recurring rhythm of a stroll. The weekend crowds and ramped up commerce at first give the sense of a touristic playground, but Monday brings peaceful plazas and empty lanes inviting easy exploration and enjoyment. 

Walking the ascending country lane above the town, we come upon a cravasse worth exploring and scramble up into its maw. A rocky vertical climb brings ever better views of the opalesque town and surrounding palisades. The canyon walls are stained blue and purple from mineral seeps and the tortured strata bend and wiggle like so many slithering snakes. We revel in a natural setting at last, alone with the flashing black wheatears and spying falcons, and chase the shadows for escape from the thick heat of the day.  Returning downward, it's a knee-crunching crawl and we are seriously shocked by how high we'd ventured and how little water we'd brought. Tired, sweaty and rubber-legged, and proud at having survived it all, back in town Marc manages to miss a hidden winder on a cobblestone stair and collapes on the trick knee that somehow had held on through the grinding descent. 

A day of rest and the purchase of a sturdy cane, while Sally strolls solo in those echoing blue byways, and we mount a nicely-chilled, comfy bus for the five hour ride to Fez. This ride is a wonder, a panorama of desert and mountain, broken brown cliffs giving way to concretized dunes and rolling red hills, and, with the slightest hint of moisture, olives and olives and olives galore. 

Old hands at medinas by now, we're cowed by the crazy complexity of Fez - two turns and we're lost, a near useless map in hand, our sense of direction be damned, as each alley appears a bizarre repetition of the one before. No help from the sun and these lanes are steep, adding sweat and poor tread to the maze-driven dread. But our goals do eventually appear, a peek through the gargantuan doorway at a gaudy, glittering old mosque, and a cool, meditative pause in an ancient merdersa. here we're surrounded by filigree chipped stone, beaded wood screens, creamy smooth marble and zigzags of tile, at once rigidly uniform and astoundingly artistic; caressing a tile wainscot laid in by masons five hundred years dead, splashing some water from fountains built in the age of Columbus -- as did a million other pilgrims over the years. We admire a museum full of woodwork masterpieces saved as entropic gravity collapsed structures that stood for centuries, thanks to the ancient architects of this timeless land. 

Hobbling along at cane clicking pace brings unexpected respect from strollers and shopkeepers, and a friendlier repartee than buzzing through at tourist speed -- even an occasional comradely comparison of canes and miming of injuries with old men similarly armed. Despite rapid healing, with cane still in hand we wander for days in this mother of all mazes, here crushed by crowds, there alone on the stone, always happily lost.  We're delighted to stop for a penny's worth of French pastry or a chat with a fellow woodworker, workshop spilling into the street, each of us brandishing photos of our life's work and art. Amid shops crammed with silver and spices, and brushing past donkeys badly burdened with dusty wheat sacks or heavy red bricks, we are dazzled yet pleasantly at home in this arabic arabesque. 

Twenty-three trains a day whisk between Fez and Meknes, the monument to Moulay Ismail's grandiose reign, and we make the brief journey to check out the madman's excess. Stables for ten thousand steeds and cavernous granaries like cities themselves recall a sultan who dreamed truly huge. Miles of massive walls hide hectares of crumbling terraces, weed-conquered gardens and stories of greed, plunder and power gone wild.  The adjoining medina is tame by Fezzian standards, though we're just as easily lost, somehow magically winding up as hoped at Riad D'Or, our current home. Staying in these astounding restored, courtyard-centered homes has been a highlight of our time here, but our Meknes digs surely take the cake. Our room's fit for Ali Baba and Sheherazade, with curtain-shrouded bed, gold pillowed couches, Berber brocade and tribal kilims underfoot. A veritable palace with a cool rooftop swimming pool and stunning balcony views across the minaret-studded medina -- we extend to four nights, despite the budget busting $38 per. Breakfast included.  Alpine swifts aloft at dusk weaving to the echoing call to prayer, join us topside as we soak in the peaceful comfort of friendly Meknes. 

A trio of taxi rides, and some takeout rotisserie chicken enable a tour-guide-and-tout-free visit to the famed Roman ruins of Volubilis. A two thousand year old sprawl of columns and arches reveals the pattern of urban life at this olive exporting outpost of the empire. Rich homes and poor homes, aqueducts and forum conform to the style of Roman remains seen throughout Turkey and Rome, Bath and beyond. Here are mosaics that bring the dead stone to life, so well preserved and restored; dining room floors recalling the trials of Hercules and a bathing Diana, among camels and elephants and squiggling dolphins. It's hot out here in these roofless ruins, we gobble our chicken in the shade of an arch along the Boulevardus Maximus, two happy campers on a trip back through time, and looking forward to the desert and canyon country that lies ahead., Bicycled down to the changing Dudley Station neighborhood.  There is a new Tropical Foods supermarket.   And the Boston School Department has migrated to its new headquarters in the Bruce Bolling Building.  At that locations isa new cafe co-owned and managed by the former manager of Hi Rise's cafe on Mass. Ave. near Harvard Law School and Lesley.  His name is Biplaw Rai and he is exercising his managerial wizardry at this new location.  

https://www.bostonglobe.com/metro/2015/05/30/cafe-grows-dudley-square/62aVKDwntkajGv1Vnd7GCK/story.html, It has stopped raining.  Hooray.  Yesterday was a rib festival in Somerville and today is the East Cambridge Rib Festival, which friends think should become a public holiday.  Next weekend is the Honk! Festival  and then the Head of the Charles.

Sixth Annual “Smoke This” Rib Fest from noon to 4 p.m. Sunday at 622 Cambridge St., East Cambridge. Tickets are $25.

The East Cambridge Business Association brings back its “Smoke This” Rib Fest, a culinary showdown pitting pit master against pit master for the title of the best ribs in town. Taste Tickets get you 10 rib samples from the restaurants of your choice, although each restaurant also sell ribs separately. Participants include Abigail’s, ArtBar, Atwood’s Tavern, Cambridge Brewing Co., Catalyst, Champions, Commonwealth, East Coast Grill, Hops N Scotch, Lone Star, Lord Hobo, Loyal Nine, Olé Mexican Grill, Portugalia, Puritan & Co., State Park and Trina’s Starlight Lounge. Joining in the competition are the Cambridge Police Department Pitmasters, Filarmonica Santo Antonio Cultural Center and Rindge Vocational Culinary Arts Students. There will be games for kids with The East End House and music by Vapors of Morphine, The Silks (it’s a busy weekend for this band), Monday Night Bluegrass and the Roy Sludge Trio. Information is here., For years we have been making lots of Khulfee or Khulfi flavors.  Now the audaciously hip New York magazine interrupts its endless tv watching and episode summarizing to notice the flavor.  

http://www.grubstreet.com/2015/06/babu-ji-traditional-kulfi.html?mid=fb-share-grubstreet, We just our CSA flower delivery!, Corby Kummer writes a lot for many places.

At one point Corby Kummer's byline appeared in Elle, whcih I loved. Sassy went out of business before he could get published.
He has a good piece in the New Republic on the new Boston Public Market and its possible importance.

http://www.newrepublic.com/article/122670/how-create-perfect-public-food-market, Last night's Maya Beiser concert at MIT, featured Led Zeppelin, Nirvana and AC/DC, although the best songs were by George Gershwin and Howlin' Wolf.  Every song had its moments but overall I walked away thinking how underestimated Jeff Beck's first two albums were, featuring Beck, Rod Stewart and Mick Waller on drums.  A lot more musicality and less bombast than the loud rock which followed., At 5PM, at Kresge Oval, MIT there is a preview of the Great Glass Pumpkin Patch.  The MFA also has a riveting exhibition of calligraphic-like painting using hot glass to make marks.  

http://glasslab.scripts.mit.edu/pumpkin/, Room 83 is an art gallery at 83 Spring Street in Watertown.  It is small.  It is wonderful.  It has eccentric hours.  And it has a show that includes works by Judith Klausner, who carved bas-reliefs into Oreos.

https://www.facebook.com/ROOM83SPRING, After a movie at the Museum of Fine Arts we briefly wandered through new contemporary works  and then drove to Audubon Circle for a light meal at Mei Mei Street Kitchen.  They have a wonderful honey and vinegar cocktail which may become an idea for an ice cream.  They also have a hot dog macaroni and cheese which we promise never to turn into an ice cream.  Even though it was quite good.  The dish included the almost inevitable Sriraccha sauce and garlic panko crumbs.  

At the opening of Mei Mei's I was talking to the proud mother of the founders and I asked what part of China her family was from.  You know that noodle-rice divide or the Hakka fish cooking thing.  "This food,"  she said, "has nothing to do with China.  It is what you get when you leave a diverse group of American teenagers alone and they cook for themselves."   American  teenagers also build space shuttles and invent half the world's dance steps., Come by for a cup of coffee before the event or ice cream afterwards.  Maria Beiser's startling performances at MIT, tomorrow night, Fr Se 25.  8PM 

http://arts.mit.edu/artists/maya-beiser/, Union Square, Somahville's Fluff Festival is this Saturday, September 26.  Years ago they asked us to make a flavor with Fluff and we liked the results. Since then we make several Fluff flavors including Just Fluff, Lime Marshmallow, Peanut Butter Fluff and Banana Pudding.  

https://unionsquaremain.org/fluff-festival/, Our very nice private party ended, on this very nice Wednesday.  We are again open for business.  Please come visit., We make Tiramisu ice cream but Fabio Calazzo from Naples via MIT makes the real thing.  Tiramisu means 
Pick Me Up" and is a sort of bread pudding.  On his way to a meeting Fabio dropped off a container.  Yum.

Yesterday I delivered Vienna Finger Cookie to a fan.  She wasn't there but today she thanked me because yesterday was her birthday.  Good timing., The Globe's very good Food section appears on Friday.  Today there is an article about the industrious students at UMass. Food Science program and their efforts to make better ice cream.  

Most state universities have Ag schools and a few have programs in diary science.  I attended Rutgers while my brother Joe went to Penn State.  We have a scooper from the famous University of Wisconsin program.  

UMass created a flavor called Cherry Bomb for Maple Valley ice cream in nearby Hadley.  Cherry Bomb has been a flavor name since at least that first Runaways album.  Maple Valley workers have the best t-shirts, "Ice cream is the answer."

https://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2015/09/22/umass-amherst-students-create-ice-cream-flavor-for-hadley-creamery/LB0iNLtMl57Kau04htIuSK/story.html, We are going to be closed for a private party today from 2:30 until 4:30 pm. We will see you at 4:31., Cinderella's has been our neighbor for 21 years.  The space and the business have both been re-conceptualized and renovated.  Come visit Central Square.

http://boston.eater.com/2015/7/27/9048447/cinderellas-cambridge-renovation-liquor-license, Toscanini's has been a proud participant and supporter of the IgNobel awards since doing badly in all science courses.

http://www.cambridgeday.com/2015/09/20/kiss-wins-in-medicine-huh-in-literature-at-25th-annual-granting-of-ig-nobel-prizes/, null, Tomorrow, Sunday September 20 is the MIT Flea Market.  Bring in those old phasers and swap them for Apple Newton.

http://w1mx.mit.edu/flea-at-mit, Amy Scattergood of the LATimes on Los Angeles' best ice cream places.

http://www.latimes.com/food/dailydish/la-dd-los-angeles-ice-cream-gelato-map-20150912-story.html, A customer was agitated after losing his solar-powered back pack.  The pack also contained his computer and his passport.  Lost and then Found.

The IgNobels are turning into a weekend-long event.  Sort of like an Indian wedding but without the elephant.  Today there are lectures at MIT.  They started at 1PM in Room 10-250.  You know what that means:   Building 10, second floor,  Room 50.

http://web.mit.edu/bookstore/www/events/#ig, Today at 1PM, Thursday, September 17, the Cambridge Arts Council will celebrate the redesign of the small park at the nearby corner of Main Street and Bishop Allen.  Adam Simha has redesigned the vest-pocket park.  

Adam designed the heavy blue chairs in our customer area, as well as the couches, and the large light that hovers above the big table in the same customer area.   When he made ice cream at Toscanini’s he also invented Burnt Caramel ice cream;  when drumming with the band Chelsea on Fire he invented the succinct drum solo.  He also designed the modern bells installed across from Toscanini’s in Jill Rhone Park.

Come celebrate the new look of Charles O. Dance Jr. Square at the corner of Bishop Allen & Main Streets.

The City of Cambridge has made recent improvements to this intimate public space in Central Square, including a colorful public artwork by Adam Simha, new flower plantings, and special lights that illuminate the trees at night. The improvements to the plaza create a comfortable “outdoor room” for members of the community to enjoy.

We invite you to join us for light refreshments and an opportunity to meet the artist!  

“Light refreshments include cold ice cream.”

http://www.mksdesign.com/

:, Today is the award-winning CCTV's award-winning backyard BBQ.  We are supplying ice cream and many others are providing a lot of delicious foods.  All funds go to support CCTV's Youth in Media program.  

Lots of fun for a great cause.  530PM, Thursday, September 17.  At 438 Mass. Ave.

https://www.cctvcambridge.org/bbqtickets, Christina Geros, a student at Harvard's Graduate School of Design created a beautiful work of light and movement, at the Brattle Street entrance to Radcliffe Quad.  Really, just "oooh.", Boston is lacking in the artisanal popsicle area.  New York has the very good People's Pops and every other village in the nation has a place selling paletas, which are Mexican popsicles and as good as Mexican street corn, or elote.  Trump has to rethink some of his ideas.  Anyhow after a glorious bike ride to Watertown and back I stopped by Harvard's very curated Tuesday Farmers' Market.  Soluna Garden Farms was selling popsicles there.  They have a shop in Winchester, Mass.  I had a Peach Ginger popsicle and a Peach and Cream.  Both were good.  The second was basically an improvement on a Creamsicle.  But During these weeks of sunshine, Mass. peaches improve many things., We have the best-looking CSA:  flowers from Five Forks Farm., Just came back from Building 33 where the Course 16 folks are having an ice cream party.  Naturally the event is in Room 206.  Enough said., Barbara Haber is wonderful and knowledgeable about all food issues.  Today at 6PM, at Radcliffe's Agassiz Library she speaks about the diets of American prisoners of the Japanese during WW2.

http://www.culinaryhistoriansboston.com/public.htm, So we are #50 of #50 on this list.


https://www.facebook.com/SecretBoston/posts/10154166920435830, We only use white peaches from Kimball Fruit Farms in Pepperell, Mass.  Usually we buy several flats on Monday at the Central Sq. State Fair, but sometimes we go to Davies Square on Wednesday.  On Sundays you can find Kimball in front of the Charles Hotel in Harvard Square.  Today Meems and I  intended to buy what may be the last of this year's white peaches.  

In addition to busy farmers and happy customers we met Alison Arnett, former Globe restaurant reviewer and her class of young food writers.  I explained that we only use local peaches to make our Peach Sorbet and ice cream.  I didn't get a chance to say that Peach might be one of my favorite flavors and I still think about pints of Haagen Dazs Elberta Peach the way I remember Dave "the Rave" Stallworth of the Knicks.  Both offered glimpses of near perfection.   The people at the fruit stand nodded at the idea that the season for White Peaches might be ending.  The usual progression is to simple peaches and then nectarines.  Then its time for pumpkins and finally glacial till and ice balls.  We will persist as long as possible., PA's in Union Square, Somahville has a good matinee today, including flash ICM guitarwork.

Matinee Show ft. The Silver Mirrors, Brett Saxon, Postmodern Authors + The Heavy Years
When
Saturday, Sep 12, 2015
Description
The Heavy Years
Postmodern Authors
Brett Saxon
The Silver Mirrors

Cambridge's Caribbean Festival has its 23rd annual party, starting tomorrow, Sunday, September 13, at 1230PM and going until 330PM.

http://cambridgecarnival.org/, Travel & Leisure rates Boston to be the fifteenth least friendly city in the world.  

http://www.latimes.com/travel/california/la-trb-30-unfriendliest-cities-in-the-world-20150910-htmlstory.html, Tonight is Second Friday at the MITMuseum.  We're donating ice cream cups.  Science and ice cream together!, One video take on Central Square.

http://www.cambridgeusa.org/insider/post/central-square-in-90-seconds, The Carribbean Festival is coming and some of it is coming early.  Tonight!  Wednesday Se 9 from 5P>7PM.  At Jill Rhone Park in front of Toscanini's., Roxbury Puddingstone is basically our version of Rocky Road.  RockyRoad is usually chocolate and contains nuts, marshmallows and chocolate chips. Our latest version is a chocolate marshmallow base with almonds and chocolate chips.  We got rid of the pieces of cookie dough that were used in previous versions.  

Roxbury Puddingstone is the name of the rock and rock outcroppings you see throughout eastern New England.  It is a congregate made of many kinds of rocks and gravels..   Boston buildings are often made of Roxbury Puddingstone.

Roxbury Puddingstone is the official rock of Mass.  Take that Bruce Springsteen., Our customers are the best.  On a busy Saturday night I was running the cash register for a young, neatly dressed man.  Our modern point of sales system uses Square and he was completing the transaction when a random obstructing screen appeared.   A few deft strokes and the screen disappeared and he smiled in the most propietary way.  I asked if he had worked on the system.  He beamed, "I was part of a team that worked on this."  

Programming is better than ice cream., While having an important discussion at the S&S, about summer weather a friend conjured up a euphemism for northern chambers of commerce:  "alternative weather."  I know a good turn of phrase when I hear it.  It perfectly describes the unique meteorology of Ithaca, New York.  I remember how Cornellians would describe all the in-between drizzle, freezing rain, snizzle, and whatnot as "Ithication."  

"Alternative Weather" is much better., Clover, those lovable people who sell delicious healthy food all over the city are showing Men in Black at their Dewey Square location, on September 9 at 7PM.  We are making Raspberry ice cream cups for the event.  Dewey Square is in front of South Station.  Lots of trucks and one coffee tricycle.  

http://www.cloverfoodlab.com/blog/2013/07/10/what-would-you-do-for-a-ticket-to-clover-movie-night/, Whoops.  Tasting spoons spilled over our ceramic tile floor., If you like or love movies, living in Cambridge/Boston is amazing. The Harvard Film Archive, the Brattle, the Museum of Fine Arts, the Coolidge Corner and even the Kendall Square are all amazing places for film fans.  The Brattle is showing Ray's Apu Trilogy.

http://www.brattlefilm.org/2015/09/06/the-world-of-apu-2/, The Forest Service’s new advertisements for Smokey the Bear Hugs are fine, but amazingly familiar if you’ve seen the Bruin ads that ran a few years back.  I think those were created by Arnold Worldwide.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-blJHejekls

http://sports.yahoo.com/nhl/blog/puck_daddy/post/Video-If-they-awarded-the-Stanley-Cup-for-comme?urn=nhl-155269, Harvard Film Archive is having a Hiest Night, full of movie capers like Big Deal on Madonna Street, Topkapi and John Woo's To Catch a Thief with Chow Yun Fat.  

http://hcl.harvard.edu/hfa/films/2015sepnov/heist.html, null, We're up early producing pints for wholesale.

We open at 8 am!!!, There are many stories about Prestley Blake, co-founder of Friendly's.  Don't be lulled by the business name or the memorable sign along the Turnpike.  This guy is a life-force.

http://www.betaboston.com/news/2015/09/02/friendlys-co-founder-doesnt-let-17-foot-fall-swarm-of-bees-keep-him-from-techstars/, We are serving a new version of a flavor I am determined to make popular, Roxbury Puddingstone.  This is basically our version of Rocky Road but inspired by the local rock outcroppings and Jack Brownstein's Geology course at what is now St. Thomas University in Minnesota.  Rocky Road is usually a chocolate ice cream with marshmallows, nuts and chocolate chips.  This version is a marshmallow ice cream with pieces of cookie dough, chocolate chips and almonds.  We will not rest.  Roxbury Puddingstone 3.0 will probably darker in color and more chocolatey in taste.

Roxbury Puddingstone is all over eastern New England.  Famous buildings are made of the stuff!  Find that geology text or one of John McPhee's ruminations on the earth., Very famous chefs Jamie Bisonette and Ken Oringer will open Little Donkey at 505 Mass. Avenue.  

http://boston.eater.com/2015/9/1/9242249/bissonnette-oringer-little-donkey-central-square, Blue Bell Ice Cream used to claim that "Cows Think Brenham, Texas is Paradise."  The company has resumed selling ice cream in markets in Brenham and beyond.  

http://www.wsj.com/articles/blue-bell-ice-cream-returns-to-store-shelves-in-select-cities-1441059909, Hershey has one name, like Madonna and Miles Davis.  When she lived in Cambridge she was listed in the phone directory as H. Kiss.

She has been our Permanent Unpaid Director of Volunteer Services for years, even while living in San Francisco.  Last night she visited with a friend and prompted much laughter by recalling a customer who wanted low-fat frozen yogurt.  Our ice cream is usually made with 14% butterfat cream, but the famous Troy Thompson told this customer that our ice cream was 86% Fat Free.  She happily bought several pints., Rachel Laudin is a food historian who lived in Mexico for years and now lives in Austin, Texas.  This morning she was on the BBC explaining Lebanese influences in Mexican foods, as well as the Sephardic Jewish invention of Fish and Chips in the UK.  I've believed for a while that many academics love to disabuse people of ideas most people have about their nation or group.  Italian food before Columbus did not include tomatoes.  Korean food was not spicy until Iberian traders bought hot peppers from Mexico.  On and on.  Tempura is Portugeuse in origin.  Sushi has origins in Southeast Asia.

http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-33993719, This is a busy week.  Tomorrow Blake will deliver a lot of ice cream to The Nut House, our big customer in Ptown.   Today we're making Khulfee, Turkish Mocha, Peach for Gibbet Hill in Groton, Mass., Khulfee, French Vanilla for Ogawa Coffee on Milk Street, and a lot more.  Bettina is turning out ice cream cake after ice cream cake.  Summer is waning but its hot and the city is full.  

This weather is good for the peach crop and that is good for us.  We made Peach Sorbet yesterday and will make Peach ice cream today.  Then far too suddenly Peach Season turns into Apricot Season and then its Pumpkin Season., We use Barismo Coffee.  Here Matt Vier of The Globe reports on Barismo's busy efforts to expand its cold brew business. 

http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2015/09/01/cambridge-cold-brew-offers-kegs-another-kind-cold-brew-coffee/AncSpEhtfbe3jSFo7SYUwL/story.html, What ever happened to Churn2 or Churn sub 2 since the number was below the name and not above the name.  Churn2 was a popup on the rebuilt overpass or plaza that links Harvard Yard with the North Yard.  The ice cream was good, almost instantly frozen with liquid nitrogen.  Unfortunately it took the workers a fair time to get the finished product off a Kitchenaid and into a cup, and they usually had two or three flavors a day.  

The answer is that Churn2 has popped up in London.

http://www.londonpopups.com/2014/07/churn2s-liquid-nitrogen-ice-cream-pop.html, Our newest fan just wrote us about our Grapenut Raisin:

"The grapenut was the best I ever tasted!" 

(we probably should warn people about eating and driving), We're in Bon Appetit for top artisanal ice cream for our Banana Pudding.

http://www.bonappetit.com/test-kitchen/ingredients/article/artisanal-ice-cream, Coffee is a language in itself.

From the Chinese philosopher Jackie Chan, All of these cups NOT full of ice cream.  Please help., Boston Police have arrested two men for threatening violence at the Pokemon World Championships, being held at Hynes Auditorium.  The event has filled the city with thousands of ernest young Pokemon players.

One of them is is Dexter Reilly, the son of Scott Ambrose Reilly and Laureana Allan.  No one has been injured.  

Years ago Scott almost died while driving cross-country to Southern California with pints of Toscanini's ice cream.  

http://www.thebostoncalendar.com/events/boston-hosting-thousands-at-the-2015-pokemon-world-championships, It is strangely hot and humid despite a pretty good blue sky.  This weekend is Carnival in Provincetown and Blake has delivered a lot of ice cream to The Nut House on Commercial Street.  B Good sells our ice cream, as does Cinderella's, which will deliver pizza and ice cream for dessert, a sort of Dairy Celebration worthy of the Wisconsin State Fair.  

We're open until 11PM every night.  On Saturday and Sunday we open an hour later than on weekdays, starting everything at 9AM. 

We made a lot of ice cream today including Coffee, Coffee Ice Cream Sandwich, Strawberry, Mixed Berry Sorbet,, Good morning!  Looks like you might need some Dancing Goat from acclaimed Washington State coffee roaster Batdorf & Bronson.

"Dark, smooth and sweet with a beautiful floral aroma, exceptionally clean acidity and a heavy, nutty body. Flavor nuances include fresh citrus fruits and fine chocolate.", MIT is as busy as anyone changing Cambridge.  Bexley, the anti-living group on Mass. Avenue is supposed to become a turnaround.  100 Memorial Drive is supposed to go and so is Metropolitan Storage Warehouse on Mass. Avenue.

Years ago, Chris Myer, who worked here and occasionally drove a cab, pointed out that if you look at the building's facade when you approach from Boston the huge graphics read "Metropolitan Rage Warehouse.  Ire Proof."

http://www.cambridgeday.com/2015/08/13/mit-shutting-down-metropolitan-storage-after-121-years-to-revamp-for-student-uses/, null, Jed Gottleib of the Herald has a list of 101 Boston Bands that matter, and their songs.

I nominate the bands of regular customers and workers including Lizards in a Circle, Julianna Hatfield, Dresden Dolls, Today Junior, Shadowsfall, Madball, Chelsea on Fire, Lucius, Truckermouth ....

http://www.bostonherald.com/entertainment/music/guestlisted/2015/05/b_o_s_t_o_n_1_0_1_an_introduction, No person wants to work during this heat spell but its not enough for ice cream makers to hide in the walk-in refrigerator or walk-in freezer.  Today we're making Almond Joy (Coconut Chocolate Chip), lots of B3, Chocolae Chocolate Chip, Goat Cheese brownie, Salty Caramel, Pistachio, Tiramisu, Fluffernutter.  

Our flavors are listed on Twitter and at tosci.com.  They change frequently but we try to keep up.

We're open until 11PM., Lots of leaves on the sidewalk.  Earlier sunsets.  And I saw my first student overfilling a dumpster with the contents of a departing tenant and the box for her new mattress.  Time to think of your daily course schedule.  No eight o'clock classes., Ten days until the Minnesota State Fair begins, marking the end of summer and the beginning of very cold winters.

http://www.mnstatefair.org/, Boston has always had a lot of ice cream stores.  Even before Howard Johnson started scooping those funny-shaped cones at Wollaston Beach.  Modern ice cream in Boston and perhaps much of the United States begins in Somerville when Steve Herrell starts making ice cream in Davis Square.  Steve still runs his store in Northampton but after he sold the original company its has been through incarnations until its newest, based in Brooklyn. 

https://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2015/08/11/steve-ice-cream-pint/LcjPFHV1ufbKFcNkROu6HK/story.html, Doug Most of the Globe is on the ice cream beat and discovers a ridiculous outrage:  a locally-based website doesn't think any of our many ice cream stores are so good.

https://www.bostonglobe.com/metro/2015/08/11/tripadvisor-just-ranked-best-ice-cream-shops-country-and-none-are-massachusetts/jiW0s6SeF4Ia4jvLhD1eGI/story.html, Portland's Tandem Coffee is great.  They roast in a small space that also serves coffee and their second store is in the center of town and looks like it was designed by California artist Ed Ruscha.  This Tandem is also a bakery and they use salt more judiciously than most expensive pastry chefs.  They have a salty biscuit that is perfect and a salty chocolate chip cookie that is almost as good.  All the coffee drinks are good.

Recently I was there when one of the bakers asked if I worked at Toscanini's because she had lived with Shannon.  Shannon like Madonna needs only one name.  We recalled what Readers' Digest would have certainly called My Most Unforgettable Character, from his origins in Somahville to his present little-known theater work in Brooklyn.  I also had a perfect iced mochas., We get a lot of great customers from all over the world, including the United States.

Linda, a Harvard Alum, visited us from Palo Alto, the other Coast. She came from California with her own (presumably Californian) raisins to make Grapenut raisin in case we weren't serving it. 

She discovered GNR (GrapeNut Raisin to the uninitiated) years ago and she says "it's the best flavor in the world".

Thank you Linda!, you may not remember mr. rooney, but he certainly knows how to eat an ice cream cone.  plus you can get some fashion tips from the mid-80's., From our kind friends at Central Bottle Wine + Provisions:

OUR 2 CENTS

Dear Toscanini's, 
We just wanted to tell you that the new soft serve is unparalleled. In other words, stupid good. In fact, the famous words of Biz Markie come to mind: "Oh baby you, you got what I need." GO!, Time Out likes us and ice cream.  Their list of America's Best Ice Cream stores.  Perfect timing since we're in the midst of a big heat wave.

http://www.timeout.com/newyork/restaurants/best-ice-cream-shops-in-america, Here's a Bon Appetit article about America's Best Ice Creams.  The interesting points are the geographic dispersion, the breadth of flavors and the fact that pint prices are increasing a lot.

http://www.bonappetit.com/test-kitchen/ingredients/article/artisanal-ice-cream, I love Texas Monthly and Texas Monthly certainly loves Texas but even they are a little confused about claims that Blue Bell Ice Cream's problems are related to US Jade Helm invasion.  

http://www.texasmonthly.com/daily-post/almost-half-texas-believes-military-invasion-likely-coming-and-finally-conspiracy-crowd, Adam Simha invented Burnt Caramel and made our metal blue chairs that intimidate some customers.  He also created a mini-park at the corner of Bishop Allen and Main Street.  And now he has created a bell-like installation in Jill Rhone Park in front of Toscanini's.  Yesterday
Yesterday, I saw a kid banging away on the metal under the watchful gaze of his mother and two older guys eating ice cream.  I explained to the young musician that Adam had been a drummer who also created Burnt Caramel.  One of the sitting guys waved his spoon,  "That's what I'm eating.", Since our opening Toscanini's has sponsored two teams.  Neither of them were ultimate frisbee teams or quidditch teams.  We sponsored a basketball team called Chocolate No. 3.  They played a law school team that included Barack Obama.  They won the city of Cambridge championship and left behind a flavor name and  a t-shirt design with enduring popularity.  And we sponsored a softball team that didn't do as well.  Most of our team went to MIT.  When the final ball was hit and we had lost,  two outfielder consoled each other, "We're still smarter than they are."  The rightfielder visited on Sunday, wearing a University of Chicago rugby shirt., Amy Miller is famous.  She's is THE Amy from Amy's ice cream in Austin.  But she is not as famous as Craig Biggio, the first Astro admitted to baseball's Hall of Fame.  Amy loves Craig and used mapping software to create a baseball fan's dream vacation.   She went  to New York City to see the Mets play a day game and then drove to Boston to see the Red Sox.  The next day she drove to NYC to see the Yankees play.  Then north to Cooperstown for Biggo's induction, and south to Baltimore.  Amy's husbanAlmost every year they close some and build new ones.  Baltimore is the urbanists' favorite.   We talked of many things including bad hot dogs in Chicago.  We talked about ice cream and hot weather in Texas.  Then they were gone., Mimi and Jess created an amazing Beet Raspberry Soft-serve flavor.  Possibly one of the best things we have ever made.  I went to the Central Square Famers' Market to buy more beets from Kimball Farms and ran into Kyle Gale, an actual farmer raised in Vermont.  He thought that making ice cream was the best thing he could imagine doing with beets.  In his neck of the Vermont Woods beets were often served to animals or used to make booze, particularly vodka., Jen's Ice Cream responds to a crisis.  

https://www.yahoo.com/food/how-to-survive-a-crisis-by-the-founder-of-jenis-124661863071.html, TEH KAT IZ OUT OV TEH BAG.  WE HAS CRAZY GUD SOFT SERVE.  TOSCI STYLE., null, Whoa.  Ultimate frisbee action at Hormel Stadium.  Boston White Caps versus Philly Spinners.  We're a little like Daisy Buchanan's when it comes for frisbee stars hanging out.  http://boston.whitecaps.mlultimate.com/game-preview-2015-eastern-conference-finals/, Today, Sa Jul 18, 2015 Cambridge Arts Council has a great event here in Lafayette Square.  Learn piano in public.  The event does not start at noon.  It starts at 1PM.  If you participate we'll throw in a cup of ice cream.  Van Cliburn never got ice cream for playing., Newgeorgraphy.com on Boston's size and sprawl.

http://www.newgeography.com/content/004987-the-evolving-urban-form-sprawling-boston, Monday July 20 7PM  At Passim in Harvard Square.  Massmouth's Second Annual All Star Storytelling show.  Norah Dooley's swansong.

http://massmouth.org/2015/07/july-%E2%80%A2-all-star-show-%E2%80%A2-passim/, Sid Bass is lending a lot of money to Blue Bell ice cream of Texas.  Blue Bell has been dealing with listeria issues and food safety. 

http://www.star-telegram.com/news/business/article27491530.html, Hot fun in the summertime.  Rob just made Strawberry Rosewater Marshmallow.  While many were sleeping Jess made Smoked Marshmallow softserv.  What a day.  Hot Time.  Summer in the City., This Toscanini's video from our superfan Molly is AWESOME!!

https://laura-hokenson.wistia.com/medias/50fs2bq6if

Hmmm...maybe we should have a video contest..., The WSJ has an interesting article about a local promotion from Target.  It includes Fluff and the Fluffernutter sandwich that inspired some of our ice cream.  It does not include the term, "Hoodsie," which is a dixie cup in other parts of this great country but in neighborhood Boston it is often used as a somewhat affectionate term for a cute young woman.  

http://www.wsj.com/articles/target-goes-for-local-cool-1436994621, People love Trattoria Tomasso for its wine selection.  We just delivered a lot of ice cream for desserts.  

http://www.tomassotrattoria.com/, MIT Breakdancing practice.  Tonight, Th, July 16.  7PM>9PM. Lobby 13 or Building 34.

http://imobilare.mit.edu/

Sam Peckinhpah's The Wild Bunch at Somerville Theater in Davis Sq.  8PM.

Taste of Cambridge is tonight, 530PM to 830PM.  Lots of people and lots of great food. 

http://tasteofcambridge.com/, Just sent a lot of ice cream over to the Cambridge Public Library for an event, Story and Song Under the Stars.   With The Bag Boys.  Just starting and goes until 8PM.  A free family event presented by the Friends of The Cambridge Public Library., Today's Globe Food section is big and full of things you should eat, including Nepalese momos in Somerville, Middle Eastern food in Methuen and Slovenian food in ... Slovenia.  

https://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/foodanddining, Tomorrow is the big Taste of Cambridge.  Tonight at 8PM is the big showing of Sam Peckinhpah's  The Wild Bunch.  At the Davis Square Theater.  Not altogether anything but for most of its length it is gripping, with a few clankers that interrupt the mood.  This is less an elegy for the closing of the American West than the careers of  actors like Ben Johnson, who no one could turn into a movie star, Ernest Borgnine, Robert Ryan and William Holden., null, This is not Ruth Bader Ginsburg.  It is Kriti after a morning tour of the walk-in freezer., This is going to be something, but not just yet.  Delicious Saffron Honey Caramel Yogurt, Jess's super apple pie and Kriti's cup of Barismo coffee., We have big posters hanging for a number of community events including performances of Blood Wedding by the Apollonaire Theater in Chelsea, a CCTV exhibition, Green St. Studios dance event on August 8 and a performance by Ken Field's Revolutionary Snake Ensemble.  All the posters were printed by the energetic elves at Color Corporation, on Mass. Avenue near the former location of the Orson Welles and next to the home of Cambridge College., George Mokray just alerted us to a Science of Food event at Harvard that involves Turkish ice cream. Far be it for me to point out that Turkish ice cream and Syrian ice cream are similar and similarly wonderful.  I had to negotiate an Eventbrite hurdle to get in but I think it may have worked.  I'd suggest Eventbrite as a way to control undocumented immigration.  No one would get into the US since they would be unable to remember if they are registered and what their password is.

http://www.eventbrite.com/e/the-science-of-ice-cream-registration-17698681232, Drift magaine is an expensive food magazine that is also very interesting.   Every issue profile a city and its peculiar coffee culture.  The first issue was about New York City and the new issue is about Tokyo.  The issue is a helpful addendum to Corky White's Coffee Life in Japan which is available at Clover Hi Fi in Central Square and Dwelltime in Longfellow Village.

http://driftmag.com/, What is Andy Burri up to?  He and his band Lucius are in California making more music and getting more popular.  Ross Johnson, Andy's childhood friend from Marquette, Michigan, in the Upper Peninsula, of course, stopped by to give us an update.  

I did free-associate that Andy had once lived on Bishop Allen, which inspired a bunch of Harvard guys to create a band called the Bishop Allens, which was sort of featured in Nick and Norah's Infinite Mix Tape.  The movie's best moment was when a girl who had been rolling around in the band van asked why they had drum sets but always used an electronic drum machine.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Pk_2dVPjms, Rob was working on a new Moroccan Mint ice cream flavor.  He infused a lot of tea and tomorrow we will add additional flavorings choosing from honey, various citrus fruits...

We also prepped a Saffron Vanilla.  

Despite the high temperatures we used up all our cream and get to leave with a clear conscience.  Mani Pulati., Coolest Job in Town.
 
Toscanini’s Ice Cream has been making Best of Boston ice cream in Central Square, Cambridge since 1981.

Do you love ice cream and coffee (who doesn’t)?
Do you love making people happy?
Do you thrive in a fast-paced environment? 

Then we’ve been looking for you.  

We:
-       provide training 
-       offer a flexible schedule
-       give you plenty of ice cream and coffee

You:
-       love working with customers of all stripes
-       eager to learn 
-       are quick on your feet in a friendly and super busy environment
-       have broad availability (weekend work is required; we are open 8 am to 11 pm M-F and 9 am to 11 pm S-S) 
 
This is a food service position, scooping ice cream and preparing high level coffee and espresso drinks. 

Pay + generous tips makes this a desirable job.  Those with prior food experience should speak up!  

Sadly, no seasonal hires as we want you to stay on with us through the fall. 

Drop us a note at jobs@tosci.com and tell us your background, experience, interests and why you’d make a great addition to our Tosci team., Wednesday July 8 is muggier than Tuesday was.  Today we have a Toscisoft twist with Strawberry Sorbet and Grand Marnier ice cream as well as Vanilla and Chocolate in the other machine.

Tonight at 8PM at the Somerville Theater in Davis Square there will be a showing of Major Dundee, an early and acclaimed Sam Peckinpah  movie, a post Civil War western with Richard Harris (from Ireland), Senta Berger (from Austria) and Charlton Heston (fromt the Bible).  Ben Johnson and Warren Oates of course, as well as French soldiers, comanches, Mexicans and Confederates., Maggie Knapp, from Texas and always from Texas, visited Central Square.  She's contemplating a move to New Mexico.  At one point most former scoopers were in Ashville, North Carolina, and now the vast majority live in Brooklyn, which must the greatest concentration of musicians and singers in the world., Today is a muggy Tuesday July 5, 2015.  From 730PM to 9PM, Ken Field and his mates will be filling Lafayette Square with joyful music.  FREE.

http://secondlinebrassband.org/, Sofra is closed today for renovations.  It reopens tomorrow.  Meet you for a sharbat.  http://www.sofrabakery.com/, Today's Toscisoft flavors include an amazing Grand Marnier, which  is paired with Mocha in a twist., The Brattle  has two William Friedkin movies that star Roy Scheider.  The French Connection with Gene Hackman and Sorcerer.

http://www.brattlefilm.org/2015/07/07/the-french-connection-3/, George Mokray found this cool video about making ice cream on the street in Thailand.  http://boingboing.net/2015/07/06/timelapse-4k-video-thai-stree.html, We're open until 11PM on Sunday, July 5.  We have cakes, soft-serve and 32 flavor.  A nice day in the neighborhood., Brian MacNeil visited during the Fourth of July Quiet Period when everyone is crowding the banks of the Charles to watch the fireworks.  He is still painting and making tattoos.  Earlier Karl Taussig visited with his family.  While a grad student at MIT he repaired and then improved our first generation of ice cream machines., Midnight.  Midnight.  MIDNIGHT!  On the Fourth of July, we're open until midnight.  Really., We're open until midnight because of the fireworks.  The Kendall Cinema is showing Satyajit Ray's famous Apu trilogy.  The Brattle is showing Jaws., Jess made wonderful individual apple pies for the Fourth of July.  She also created the newest Toscisoft flavors:  raspberry sorbet and rose ice cream, naturally available in a twist.  And we has Adam's chocolate turtletop to bring you back to your childhood., Last night the Somahville kicked off its summer-long Sam Peckinpah with a well-attended showing of his first movie, Ride the High Country.  Theater manager Ian Judge welcomed everyone while I daydreamed about wearing one of my cowboy outfits from childhood and then began imagining the entire audience dressed like cowboy fans.  There was a lively introduction and then the curtain rose on  the Old West with senior cowboy actors Joel McCrea and Randolph Scott anticipating movies like Butch Cassidy and The Sundance Kid and Peckinpah's sprawling The Wild Bunch.  

People forget Charlton Heston but Major Dundee is one of his best performance.  That movie shows next Wednesday, July 8.

http://feitheatres.com/somerville-theatre/summer-of-sam-peckinpah/, Adam Simha might have been satisfied to have invented Burnt Carmel.  But instead he is a member of the Toscanini's Rock Steady Drumming Corps, a bread baker, a knife maker, owner of MKS Design and -today-  finishing a sculpture for the small park located at the beginning of Bishop Allen and Main Street.  

Of course people know that the street was not named for the Harvard College rock band, featured in Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist., Movie news. The Brattle is premiering Samuel K. Jackson's Finnish coming of age version of The Hunger Games: Big Game. Then for the Fourth of July they celebrate swimming in pools and lakes by showing Jaws.
On Wednesday at 8PM, the Somahville is showing the first of Sam Peckinpagh's elegiac westerns, Ride the High Country with Joel McRea (of Sullivan's Travels) and Randolph Scott (of Cary Grant's swimming pool).

http://www.brattlefilm.org/category/calendar-2/…, Toscanini's always has a good, rock-steady drummer on staff.  Right now we have Mike O'Toole, the human metronome from Today, Junior but we once employed Brian Viglione when he was playing with Amanda Palmer, another scooper.  They were the Dresden Dolls.  Brian has now joined the Violent Femmes.  Eventually he will anchor the reunited Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young.

https://www.bostonglobe.com/arts/2015/06/25/drummer-viglione-good-fit-for-violent-femmes/wU3ECJ7U1DHsPd3PQfAGZP/story.html, Where did we go today?  My favorite, my neighborhood Whole Food on Prospect Street, where I show up most mornings to buy the newspapers.  Then off to Woburn Whole Foods, by a roundabout route as I tried to dodge construction projects while enhancing my understanding of Middlesex County georgraphy.  Then a ride to Groton, school of Presidents (Roosevelt and Kennedy) where we sell ice cream to Gibbet Hill.  I warn people who take Route 2 that the project to transform that road into a new Texas highway has made it impossible to reach the big gas station where the road makes it left and heads true west.  Down to West Roxbury where we delivered ice cream to hip Peruvian restaurant, Masona.  Finally we used very clever math to reach MC Spiedo on Boston's Waterfront, near the ICA.  Huff puff, puff.  The state flower should be the orange construction barrel., People who work at Serious Eats know everything about their subjects.  Max Falkowitz makes ice cream and writes about ice cream so everyone should pay attention.  http://www.seriouseats.com/2015/06/best-ice-cream-boston-cambridge.html  We did., Last night Japanese punksters Shonen Knife played The Middle East.  On an earlier tour the members had visited Toscanini's.  We were on edge despite knowing Ian Condry of MIT's Cool Japan program and the University of Hawaii's Chris Yano, who wrote the definitive text of Hello Kitty.  When the band didn't show up for ice cream and neither of these thinkers arrived in time for a sound check we relied on Tom Ehrenfeld who wrote, "Great beyond words. Truly one of the best live bands I’ve ever seen, no hyperbole. And I’ve seen a few good ones.", This is a happenin' weekend in Boston.  Friday is Cambridge's Community Dance,and that dance is the happiest get-together in the city.  Friday is also the Brattle's premiere showing of Big Game, Samuel K. Jackson's best Finnish movie.  And way out in Provincetown they will be blessing the fleet.  The fleet of fishing boats used by Provincetown's year rounders., Want to run a lemonade stand in Cambridge?  Get three permits according to the Globe.  https://www.bostonglobe.com/magazine/2015/06/20/everything-guide-lemonade-stands/4u2jKXMGJmF5X4yDZfsvxJ/story.html  Perhaps you should hire a lawyer who was once a city councillor, to "navigate the system.", For years we have been making ice cream for the Mid Cambridge Neighborhood Association's Fourth of July Party.  It is never on the Fourth of July but it is always wonderful.  Tonight is the Fourth of July in Mid Cambridge, at Joan Lorenz Park near the high school and the new library, corner of Ellery & Broadway.   Free!, Andrea Pyenson of The Globe covers the infinite variations to be found in the Boston ice cream scene.  Including our variation of Sicily's ice cream served on brioche.  http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2015/06/23/ice-cream-pizza-and-more-edgy-frozen-urban-treats/q3KoWeQhWyCSj9mzURCscM/story.html, Tim Maslow of Strip T's in Watertown and Ribelle in Brookline is one of Food & Wine's Best New Chefs.  

http://www.foodandwine.com/blogs/2015/03/31/2015-best-new-chefs, Like most people I know, and I know many of all ages and types, I am sick of loud restaurants. 

One friend was at a restaurant, shouting at his waiter when finally the customer said, "I can't hear you.  This music is so loud."  The waiter read his lips and said, "The owners like it this way."  I went once and never went back.  There's another restaurant I haven't visited because everyone -everyone!- says it is too loud.  I'll go during a snowstorm or power blackout.  The owner is a great chef.  But he lost his hearing listening to industrial music while prepping his station.

Once I had taken my father to an expensive restaurant only to discover they were having their Led Zeppelin Brunch.  I liked Led Zep when I was a college freshman.  When I asked if they could change the music before they played The Lemon Song they kindly agreed.

Restaurants are loud because restaurant owners believe that young customers find loud environments to be exciting but they also know that even young customers will leave quicker because of the unpleasant noise level.   Loud restaurants "turn" their tables more quickly.

Epicurians are usually defined as people who enjoy food and wine, or pleasure.  But Epicurus, the Greek philosopher actually believed in the importance of eating with friends, rather than eating good or expensive food.  I suggest that restaurants experiment with "quiet nights" to see if sales are demonstrably higher or lower when the busboy stops amping up the Black Metal., Not so suddenly it is a rainy Sunday.  

1.  Harvard Art Museum is big and FREE for Cambridge residents.
2.  MIT Museum is nearby and wonderful.
3.  Boston Guitar Fest concludes at 4PM in beautiful Jordan Hall, near Northeastern and Symphony Hall.  http://bostonguitar.org/, The Wall Street Journal's authoritative coverage of ice cream and gelato continues.  All this and off-center culture news.  http://www.wsj.com/articles/the-scoop-on-americas-best-mail-order-ice-creams-1434736868?tesla=y, East Side West Side.  Yesterday we were way out in Provincetown making sure that The Nut House had enough ice cream for the Provincetown Film Festival and a nice weekend.  We sampled all sorts of store-made goodies including a dipped twinkie on a stick that is ready for the Minnesota State Fair.  Today we delivered ice cream to Charles River Park Whole Food, my own Prospect St. Whole Foods, the Back Deck in downtown Boston and then drove out Route 2 to Groton where we delivered ice cream to Gibbet Hill.  

Then we returned to deliver a catering order to a department at MIT.  While I was waiting for someone to receive the order a man rolled in on a small Segway two-wheeler.  He was beta-testing the self-balancing device by moving quickly from place to place on campus, and of course through MIT's Infinite Corridor.  Getting to Building 10 from Building 42 has never been easier or more fun, or Jetson-like.  Delivering ice cream can be very interesting., A very nice writeup from Risa Beer, of Hawaii and everywhere else.  http://www.cookspace.kitchen/farmers/2015/Toscaninis_Besticecream, Back from being Willy,our driver.  This is no easy task.  Delivered sorbet to Trade and pints to big Whole Foods at Fresh Pond.  Next up is a lot of vanilla for B Good.  Yesterday I was in Melrose at Whole Foods, Volente Farm in Needham.  I am willing to write a monograph about near impossibility of delivering things to new buildings in Boston.  Enter Death-star-like garage.   Prove identity.  Unload everything.  Proceed through labrynth.   At any point someone will tell you that you are at the wrong place.  Go back to start.  The combination of this with Boston traffic and Boston radio is cruel and unusual., Deb Samuels of the Globe writes about Dads who cook.  http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2015/06/16/food-savvy-dads-stove/oaW6i0XDQOS7lByZI0xMEM/story.html, I have loved toast too much for too long.  I can remember a happy period in New York when the family had two toasters, working like equipment in a diner trying to keep up with all the children.  My father was  too healthy to eat any and my mother without any time to do anything but supervise her crowd of eaters.  

http://www.pangyrus.com/voices/toast/, Weekends can be exhausting here in the Peoples Republic.  Yesterday there was a gun buyback in North Cambridge and on Columbia Street, a dance festival in Harvard Square, Pride, and the first day of Chelsea's Art Walk.  Today is the second day of Chelsea's Art Walk.  At 5P in East Boston Zumix has a concert of young people making jazz.  Then its off to Eastie's culinary wonderland of Australian meat pies and Sonoran hot dogs.  https://www.zumix.org/community/events, The City of Cambridge is sponsoring a gun buyback program, today by the Pentecostal Church across from the nearby park on Columbia Street.  We are donating gift certificates for people who bring in toy guns.  The program is comprehensive, including legal and illegal guns and even toy guns which can also lead to tragedies.

Today is a busy day and now that sun is out it is a nice busy day.  Today is Boston Pride so there will be a big parade and a lot of celebrations.

Somerville is hosting its accordion festival in Davis Square.  Once when Somerville was more Italian the entire city was a naive celebration of accordion music.  I worked for two brothers from Abbruzzese who made an appearance on the old Community Auditions tv show.  One played accordion.

We close at 11PM.  Come visit., Saturday June 13 is Somerville Sqeezebox Slam.  Accordion magic of every sort.  Including BU Anthropologist Marie Abe of Japan and Ethiopian funk fame.  Although tomorrow she'll be playing with Japan's version of Brave Combo.

http://www.somervilleartscouncil.org/squeezebox, We're open until 11PM, Central Square Summer Time., both gus and mimi LOVE hot dogs.  now we know chef lynch does too!, Siri Morrison returned, not from Antarctica and not from Central Minnesota, nor from Detroit, but from Vermont where she is raising goats and making delicious goat milk caramels.  She will return to Central Square!, The Globe reveals the quiet reality behind the mysteries and magic of Fluff.

We got involved in using Fluff a few years ago when Union Square Somerville hosted its Fluff festival and we reluctantly made ice cream for the event.  But the sticky messy stuff has its appeal and now we use Fluff in several flavors.  When people visit it is amusing to point out the largest pails of Fluff next to the imported praline paste from Belgium and the cocoa from France.  

Fluff is a product that New Englanders think is at least national but actually not.  A friend was visiting the Midwest, at a writers' retreat where she was surprised that no-one knew what she was talking about when she mentioned Fluff.  Fluff is part of our unique culture, perhaps even part of our terroir.  Fluff has made Somerville, Lynn and New England what it is.  And what it is, is hard to clean up.

For upcoming Pride events it was suggested that we make Fluffer ice cream but I think that idea has to mature a little before we do it.

http://www.bostonglobe.com/business/2015/06/08/durkee-mower-fluff-production-hums-along/1gmVLgOzO09cJiH507VjxJ/story.html, More Logan news.  

Good people without resources.  For years, despite a pretty bad unemployment rate, and underemployment rate, the Federal government has been unable to come up with Customs and Immigrations people to work at airports.  On Sunday when I returned to Boston the airline wouldn't let anyone off the plane, at the request of Customs.  When we finally got close to America we found the usual  endless line, with a few beagles sniffing for half-eaten bresaola sandwiches.  

Is this the best way to welcome anyone to Boston or America?, Chase doesn't have any branches left in Boston it does have 9 ATM's at Logan, but -sadly- only one of them accepts deposits., null, Come visit us and sit on our new Soofa bench!!  

And eat ice cream.  And charge your phone.

(Mimi not included)

http://www.betaboston.com/news/2015/06/04/starting-this-week-soofa-smart-benches-will-be-installed-across-the-country/, null, null, null, Marshmallow Fluff was invented in Union Sq. Somerville.  Ice cream was reinvented by Steve Herrell in Davis Sq.  Gracie's ice cream is in Union Square and combines the two.  Go see Larry Flint and the Roads Scholars at Sally O's and discuss everything at Gracie's.

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/article/2015/05/26/gracies-ice-cream/, It's part of the job.  Went to Stahh Mahket and bought two pints of new Haagen Dazs flavors.  But of course they weren't pints.  Pints have 16 fluid ounces.  And those containers sold in the supermarket were 14 fluid ounces.  414 mili-liters for NPR types.  

Haage-Dazs is still putzing around with gelato and they now have Carmelized Banana Chip which is a sweet Banana gelato with chocolate chips.  Good chips.  Pretty good taste and excellent texture and contrast.  

The corporation has also introduced a new line of Artisan flavors, which usually involve flavor from artisanal producers of things other than ice cream.  The Banana Rum Jam is inspired by an idea from Brooklyn's Jam Stand, run by Jessica Quon and Sabrina Valle.  This flavor has Rum, Bananas and Lime in it, which all works well together.  The texture is a bit viscous and would probably benefit from a contrasting inclusion.  If you put the two flavors together you would have something excellent.  But the food costs would grow and the accountants would suggest a 12 ounce pint container.  No one noticed when the first two ounces vanished and they wouldn't notice two more -or two less ounces., Alan Richman is famous for many things.  He won a Bronze Star.    He once wrote in and about Boston.  He's said nice things about Todd English.  He likes ice cream.    Here is a long piece about Richman's favorite ice cream shop, Morgenstern's.

http://www.gq.com/life/food/201409/nick-morgenstern-icecream-future, Just got through giving away samples of Burnt Caramel and Cocoa Pudding at Prospect St. Whole Foods.  This Whole Foods has regularly been grilling Niman Ranch hot dogs and giving away samples of Grillo's Pickels and our ice creams., It looks like TT the Bear's may actually close, but I'm betting it returns as part of its landlords' domain, The Middle East  

http://www.bostonglobe.com/arts/music/2015/05/19/owner-makes-official-cambridge-club-bear-place-closing-july/2ndTlrcvmPFVZlNGWSoh3O/story.html, Thrillist has named us one of America's best ice cream stores.  Thrillist repeats an interesting very local story from last year's list of winners.  

On the list for the second straight year, we just have to quote from last year’s writeup, mostly because I still feel like it represents my teenage years accurately: “Since 1981, there has been a specific move when you are in Cambridge and you are a teenager: go look at the shoes you can’t afford at Concepts, get ice cream from Tosci, and then get kicked out trying to weasel your way into a Harvard Finals Club after trying to identify yourself as “Thad.” But before you get tossed from Owl, stuff yourself with either malted vanilla, Hydrox cookie, or their famous burnt caramel, and live to fight another day, Thad.”

http://www.thrillist.com/eat/nation/best-ice-cream-shops-in-america, Growing up I loved almost all of John Schoenherr's commercial artwork.  I loved his scratchboard work for books like Rascal and illustrations for Analog, and I loved his covers for Analog.  Schoenherr may have had his own pipeline into the future because this article on a currently popular haircut mimics the look he imparted to many characters.    

https://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/style/2015/05/14/edelman-coif-trendsetter/wozXnP9AklvYqRHV22hyiM/story.html, Today is Boston University's big graduation.  Come by for ice cream after the event.

Also, if you're late looking for a reservation to celebrate may we suggest crossing the river.

Bondir on Broadway between MIT and Harvard.
617 661-0009

Koreanna at the corner of Broadway and Prospect Street.
617 576-8661

Viale on Mass. Avenue in Central Square, Cambridge.
617 576-1900

La Brasa on East Broadway in Somerville.
617 764-1412

Loyal Nine on East Cambridge St. in Cambridge.
617 945-2576

Strip T's in Watertown, which despite its name is great.  
617 923-4330, Texas Monthly is the National Magazine of Texas.  Almost always worth reading.  The former editor is now in charge of the NYTimes Magazine.  

Bettina found this.

http://www.texasmonthly.com/story/rocky-road?fullpage=1?src=longreads, http://www.vanyaland.com/2015/05/15/after-40-years-of-rock-and-roll-t-t-the-bears-place-will-reportedly-close-this-summer/

Long-time Cambridge rock club T.T. The Bear’s Place celebrated its 40th anniversary in the fall of 2013. Less than two years later, its finale is rumored to be planned for this summer.

Our sources tell Vanyaland that the Central Square music venue will close in July, though no set date has been established. Back in November, the building was purchased by Joseph and Nabil Sater, owners of the adjacent Middle East Restaurant And Nightclub complex, and our spies say a tenable working agreement between the two camps was unattainable.

T.T. The Bear’s owner Bonney Bouley is still deciding what to do with the room’s liquor license. We are also told that a last-minute deal between the Saters and Don Holland, owner of the ManRay nightclub that lived across from T.T.’s before closing in 2005, also fell through.

It remains to be seen what happens to the 330-person rock club.

“My intention is to keep T.T.’s,” Nabil Sater told Vanyaland in a December interview. “We love the way it is, and it’s going to get better. I don’t know how they feel, but we always work together.”

Boston Restaurant Talk reached out to the Middle East this week, but were met with a “No comment” by the Saters.

T.T. The Bear’s Place hosts about 250 live shows a year, as well as the weekly new wave party Heroes (winner of Best Dance Night in the 2014 Boston Music Awards, with its resident DJ and founder, Chris Ewen, nominated for DJ Of The Year), the annual Rock And Roll Rumble (with nine shows each April, most recently won by Zip-Tie Handcuffs), and various other dance nights and cultural events, including flea markets and other fund raisers.

As stated above, the final night of T.T. The Bear’s has yet to be established, though end of July looks like the target date. The last show on its online calendar is a July 30 party with the Dead Trains, Peachpit, Idiot Genes, and Lady Bones., After Listeria outbreaks, Blue Bell ice cream lays off people and Jeni's prepares to reopen its stores.

http://www.wsj.com/articles/blue-bell-will-lay-off-1-450-employees-1431721160, Our neighborhood has changed a lot.  Jake Luger, crime fighter showed up today to remind us how much has changed.

Years ago Jake and I both attended the College of St. Thomas in St. Paul, Minnesota  Now the University of St. Thomas in University of St. Paul, Minnesota.  Both of us, like Nick Carraway came east.  I opened Toscanini's and Jake made music and did energy consulting.  One day he and his girlfriend were visiting Toscanini's when Jim thought two people were acting very suspicious.  He told the woman running the cash register, "I think those guys are going to rob you."  She said, "Thank you, sir."  Such politeness suggested that she was also from Minnesota.

Jake went across the street to the Shell station that has since vanished and talked to one of the many Chinese grad students who then worked there, "Call the police.  I think Toscanini's is going to be robbed."  Jake's mandarin was weak and so he went back to his car to see the two robbers exiting the store but he saw a police car at a nearby corner.  He screeched his car after the robbers and the cops grabbed one of them.  Case closed.  Book 'em, Dano.

Years later Jake has returned.  He plays piano in Chris MacDonald's Memories of Elvis, which is playing tonight at 8PM at the Norwood Theater.  

http://norwoodstage.com/shows/chris-macdonalds-memories-of-elvis-in-concert/, Its Boston University's Commencement Weekend.  Lots going on for everyone.  We hope people can find their way across the river and visit us for ice cream., This might be seen as opporunistic in light of Blue Bell's problems, but Ben and Jerry's has re-entered the Texas ice cream market.  

http://www.benjerry.com/flavors/texas-truck-tour/texas-churned-ice-cream, Blue Bell lays off a lot of workers as it battles to get past Listeria problems.  

http://www.usatoday.com/story/money/business/2015/05/15/blue-bell-layoffs/27389163/, Yesterday we delivered an ice cream sundae party to a business on the edge of Chinatown.  Driving anywhere near Chinatown after 1AM can be a challenge but we were so happy to discover that this company called Moo was the same clever company that makes our small business cards.  The cards are great, always handsome and perfect for situations where you are giving out business cards the way BB King gave away guitar picks.   The Moo offices were standard-size and so were their creative workers.  We were flattered to make ice cream for the event.   Their building has the last human elevator operator in Boston, who is also the best-looking elevator operator in Boston and very charming.   Sometimes good things happen when you leave Central Square., Raoul Robert -like Elvis- has left the building.  We hope to eat better pastry soon., Jeni's gets ready to reopen its store, after listeria outbreak.  

http://www.usatoday.com/story/money/business/2015/05/14/jenis-ice-cream-set-reopen-listeria-scare/27318401/, We make ice cream for Empire.  Here's an article on their chef's Clay Pot Chicken.  https://www.bostonherald.com/entertainment/food_dining/dining_news/2015/05/empire_chef_serves_up_taste_of_home_with_clay_pot, Is this young chef from Binghamton, NY.  The Globe has a review of Bottega di Capri that makes you want to run to Brookline Village to eat spiedini cooked by chef Carlos Perez.   These skewers are oddly popular around Binghamton, NY, where several local restaurants specialize in "speedies".  

http://web.ccsu.edu/faculty/harmonj/atlas/spiedie.htm, Can't make this stuff up.  There is a black market for Blue Bell ice cream, all of which has been recalled because of Listeria scare.

http://www.grubstreet.com/2015/05/black-market-blue-bell.html, Jimmy Tingle in for a cup of ice cream after doing a benefit at Microsoft's NERD Center., Tonight is Tuesday.  We're open until 11PM.  There is lots to do tonight.  At 7PM at Darwin's Central Square store, 313 Mass. Avenue there is a latte art throwdown involving talented baristas from Cambridge and beyond.  

At the Brattle, also at 7PM is a showcase of recent film and video work created by students at the Mass. College of Art.

http://www.brattlefilm.org/2015/05/12/tba-28/

And finally at 9PM Ken Shulman's Away Games premieres with a report on the India Pakistan cricket rivalry, perhaps the world's greatest rivalry in any sport. 

http://worldchannel.org/programs/episode/away-games-worlds-greatest-rivalry/, Once there were two blogs about our MBTA.  One -I think- was Real Bad Transit.  Both are gone, probably suggesting that no one thinks anyone will ever do anything about the MBTA.  But Miles on the MBTA keeps going.  Its more or less a box score for the different buses and stations of the MBTA.  Very ground level reporting.  I like the observation that the Savin Hill Station doesn't identify itself in any way nor display any maps.  And Miles reveals that Savin Hill is the second quietest station after adorable, rarely visited Shawmut.  

http://milesonthembta.blogspot.com/, Latte Art Throwdown at Darwin's in Central Sq.  Tonight at 7PM.  

http://www.weeevent.com/cambridge/darwin-s-ltd/latte-art-throwdown?d51uqh1p05, Celebrity guests in Central Square.  

Ace Salisbury, the Sid Caesar of Chelsea  worked here. He visited with his sister and father and talked of 24 hour days doing post production on his new show.

https://www.facebook.com/everythingsokshow, The Cambridge Open Studios is over and a big success. Next up is  Mass College of Art Film and Video event at Brattle.  Tuesday night.  Popcorn.  Beer too.

http://filmvideo.massart.edu/#!?page_id=995, Once he was Microscoop and no one was supposed to tell him because we thought the name would annoy him.  Now full size he's working his last shift and heading off to Reed Richards territory with his own lab on top of a building somewhere., Several years ago Trentino ice cream of Houston had a nice idea.  They made some flavors with recipes from local chefs.  The pints are affixed with photos of the chef, and while the photos make everyone look a little criminal, like someone you’d see on a post office wall, the idea is great.  Now Haagen Dazs is doing something similar with their new line of Artisan flavors.  

Haagen Dazs keeps creating short-lived, not-so-easy-to-find flavors and lines of flavors.   They usually strike many as well-conceived but strangely lacking in marketing commitment.

The Artisan line includes an excellent Banana Rum Jam and Ginger Snap Molasses.  We’ve been making that flavor since opening in 1981although we first made  Ginger Molasses at Steve’s Ice Cream in Somerville around 1973.   After reading some “Concrete Poetry” we decided to insert the word “Snap” which lead us to molasses ice cream containing Ginger Snap cookies.  The combination of flavors is traditional.  

I’ve always believed in the importance of names, as you can see and I think the Banana Rum Jam is altogether excellent.  Tastes great too.  As does Ginger Snap.  

http://www.haagendazs.us/Products/Artisan/, Uh oh.  Blue Bell may have known about listeria problems.  http://www.nytimes.com/2015/05/08/business/blue-bell-knew-about-listeria-issues-fda-says.html?_r=0  It would also seem that regulators knew about them.  

http://www.nytimes.com/2015/05/08/business/blue-bell-knew-about-listeria-issues-fda-says.html?_r=0, We're very green today.  Working on more Cucumber granita variations that we hope will evolve into a new sorbet.  We already make Spring Sorbet, which is Cucumber sorbet with a much more popular name.  A cucumber by any other name is still a cucumber.  So today we're working on Cucumber Green Tea granita and Cucumber Melon Granita.  Either may graduate to sorbet status.  

Plus we're making ice cream for a busy weekend and all those B Good stores we make ice cream for., The NYTimes is always trying.  Keeping up with the kids is an irregular feature of the paper, one which interrupts regular coverage of Diane Von Furstenberg and The Costume institute of the Metropolitan Museum. 

Uberhipster Pete Wells is the restaurant critic and without explanation he inserts the term "herb" into a review.  The self-reported insult is part accusative slur and part bragging.  

"The article and the list appeared online on a Tuesday afternoon. On Wednesday morning, Mu Ramen canceled all future appearances, saying it had been deluged with requests for reservations. Immediately, I was blamed in some quarters for killing the pop-up. One person on Twitter, accusing me of stoking a demand that the place could not handle, went so far as to call me a “herb.”

http://www.nytimes.com/2015/05/06/dining/restaurant-review-mu-ramen-in-long-island-city-queens.html?ref=dining&_r=0, Busy busy nice days.  We'll be giving way samples at Whole Foods Prospect Street, which is my very own Whole Foods, where I am one of the last remaining buyers of the printed newspaper.  This event involves many people and many good things to eat.  It starts at 3PM.

Tonight, Toscanini's house band, Today Junior, will be playing at the Middle East.  1030PM, music time, which is like CPT or Desi Standard Time.  

Saturday and Sunday is Cambridge Open Studios.  Linda Hass will be showing her photos at 1000 Mass. Avenue from noon until 6PM.  For Cambridge natives this is across from where the Orson Welles once was located.  If it is quiet and you listen carefully you can sometimes still hear Jimmy Cliff.

http://www.cambridgema.gov/arts/Programs/openstudios/forvisitors.aspx, This is a long article about the listeria scares that have affected two ice cream companies, Jeni's and Blue Bell.  It is detailed.

http://www.foodsafetynews.com/2015/05/a-tale-of-two-recalls-blue-bell-and-jenis-ice-cream/#.VUjw8a1Viko, Italians have successfully served the first espresso in space.  Served quickly, without indifference or even hostility.  A national achievement.  

http://www.nytimes.com/2015/05/05/world/europe/espresso-now-the-international-space-station-is-fully-equipped.html?ref=todayspaper, Barry Maiden of Hungry Mother won Best Chef Northeast at the James Beard Awards.  Not just grits, thank you., Sarah Dinsmore worked here as a scooper and an ice cream maker.  Today I went to Portland, Maine and we ran into each other at the very good, very handsome Tandem Coffee and Bakery.  Sarah also ran the excellent Outer Cup Cafe in Wellfleet, Mass.  When I'm on the Outer Cape I always find myself searching for the location and hoping for a revival, the way I Iook for Underdog to reappear on Bow St. in Harvard Square.  Portland is a happy place and it seems that everyone at Tandem is happier still.  

We did not simply eat our way through Portland although at times it felt that way.  We followed all of Calvin Trillin's advice and remembered that we should eat at least three times a day.  We visited a potter, the Eastern Promenade, Standard Baking Company, Joseph's men's clothing store on Fore Street, where nice people sent us to Judith on Market Street for women's clothing.  Joseph's is on Fore Street, which may be the best street in America for gelato.  We enjoyed Gorgeous Gelato and Gelato Fiasco, but we can't understand why State of Mainers have embraced the gelato Americans usually eat only when they're in Italy.  

To undertake so much eating and exploring a gourmand is required to walk and walk, which we did and those labors explain why we were so happy to end the day at Eventide Oyster.  Small plates of strikingly creative seafood.

Portland has a lot of very nice restaurants with great food that employ angry college radio dj's.  Bring back muzak, please., French Custard is relatively new.  Its basically French Vanilla without the vanilla.  It is a very rich, simple to plain, custard.  Great texture and mouthfeel.  Works perfectly with fudge, butterscotch, fruit and other flavors.  On this nice weekend it has been very popular.  As has Peanut Butter Kit Kat., The Surgeon General was working in her archives and visited with the 1982 Best and Worst issue of Boston Magazine.  We had won "Rookie of the Year." and "Best Ice Cream."  Our first appearance in Boston Magazine.

They have since eliminated the "Worst" part of these annual awards which may be too bad since they often provided targets for creative barbs.  Texas Monthly has its Bum Steers Awards, which often go to politicians.  There's an idea., Patni is eighteen, again., A Cambridge girls' soccer team stormed into the store after their first ever victory.  7 to 2.  Onward and upward., We're not worried about the Yankees.  We're worried about the arrival of hot weather.  Tim and Rob have been working round the clock in anticipation of a rising river.  Lots of regular flavors, a few old ones and new ones.  Willie delivered lots of ice cream to The Nut House in Provincetown.  Tomorrow is the run to the top of the Pilgrims' Monument!, Joel Gluck visited.  One of our first celebrity customers, immortalized in National Geographic at a young age.

Michael Daley was famous for making helicopters and being part of the MIT pistol team.  His daughter, Brigit -I think, came by to say hello.  She graduated from BU as an anthropologist!

One regular customer was heading for an early dinner with his experimental physics doctoral students.  Boom!

Got a bike ride in on half the Emerald Necklace.  I stopped at the Aroboretum to see the cherries and attempt yet again to remember their names.  Further down the Muddy River the Brookline Arts Council had its annual and always wonderful outdoor sculpture show, Seen But Not Seen.  

I stopped by Cambridge Bicycle with a small problem.  A woman overheard a comment about making bacon ice cream and became animated, "I didn't eat ice cream until this year.  I love it."  

Craig Simons and Jen Lin Liu came for a visit with parents and children.  This family is practically a publishing house by itself.  Craig wrote The Devouring Dragon about China's environmental impact and Jen wrote a wonderful book, To Serve the People, about food in China and everyday life.  I forgot the titles of the books written by the youngest members of the family., Michael Fremer recorded a song about Somerville, that captured the way Somerville used to be.  I treasure my rare copy of that vinyl class.  "Where lights turn from red to green and back again."

http://www.bostonglobe.com/metro/2015/04/30/somerville-resident-more-than-just-hipsters/IiSuttS8BGO7XlN3SytgkJ/story.html 

If you’re a real Somerville local, you drink Dunkin’ Donuts iced coffee — not the organic roast from Diesel Café.

A real local also steers clear of Davis Square when the annual Honk! Festival is underway, because quite frankly, it can be boisterous and borderline annoying. And if you don’t know at least three people named “Sully,” you’re definitely not from around here.

That’s all according to Dan McLaughlin — or “Boston Dan” as he’s known on YouTube — a third-generation Somerville resident who in a five-minute video took aim at a former Tufts University student’s article about what it means to be a Somerville local.

McLaughlin’s strong opinions about what make Somerville great highlight the tension that sometimes emerges between longtime residents and newcomers in a city where development and “hip” businesses are changing the landscape.

“I had a couple of issues with this article because it was definitely written by someone who’s not from Somerville. They actually said they lived here for four years, which does not qualify them as a local,” McLaughlin says in his video, while sitting on a stoop sipping an iced coffee, a Red Sox cap resting on his head.

The article in question, called “21 Things Only Somerville Locals Understand … ,” was written for the site Bustle.com by Tufts graduate Maxine Builder, who has since moved out of the area.

In a phone interview, McLaughlin said he felt compelled to rebuke the article because Builder’s list was misleading.

“If it was just called ‘21 things to do in Somerville,’ it would be a great list, but the problem with it, it’s titled ‘21 things locals understand,’” McLaughlin said. “My own real beef is she was living here for four years and created a ‘locals’ list. You should have a little more roots here.”

McLaughlin said among his friends and family who have lived for generations in Somerville, people were angry about the list, because it only included establishments like Union Square Donuts, and Brooklyn Boulders — businesses that have only recently opened in Somerville as the suburb becomes what the New York Times has called a hip alternative to Boston.

“Somerville is a lot more than just hipsters. We are a lot more than that. It was more geared toward the newer population,” McLaughlin said.

In an e-mail, Builder said she was initially taken aback by the strong reaction to her piece, but in the end, she realized she shouldn’t have been, because she knows how passionate residents are about their city.

“One of the things I loved about Somerville was how proud everyone was,” she said. “I also loved how welcome I felt there, which is something Boston Dan alludes to in his video.”

In her article, she even recognizes Somerville’s “grit,” and tips her hat to the residents that “built it up and made it what it is in the first place.”

But ultimately, she said, someone doesn’t have to be born and raised in a city to appreciate and love it.

While McLaughlin initially seems angered by the list compiled by Builder, he also shows a bit of compassion.

“I’m not against new people living here … it’s what makes us so awesome,” he said. “There’s a new Somerville and the old, and I like some of the new, and I don’t like some of the old. So my list was just showing the other side.”

Steve Annear can be reached at steve.annear@globe.com. Follow him on Twitter @steveannear., Meems and Gus joined Joe and Tyler the Creator from Rancatore's to journey to Gillette Stadium (previously Sullivan Stadium and Schaeffer Stadium) for the big Perkins Paper Show.  Lots of everything including "green" packaging, new macaroni and cheese products form unlikely sources, and lots of potato chips and bacon products.  And as always a very good time with people who sell a lot of food to a lot of people.  Perkins has their own nutritionists and health people.  There's a chance to win an iPod or a free tank of gasoline.  We looked for Tom Brady's parking space.  Th

We ran into one of the Floating Rockettes from the much loved Floasting Rock restaurant and both women from Ptown's Nut House.  The Nut House is our biggest single account.  They tanked our intrepid driver, Willy and we regretted missing last weekend's Patty Page party.  There will be more deliveries and more parties.  On May 2 there is a run to the top of the Pilgrim Monument and then a sprint to the Nut House for B3 cones and Khulfee., We are looking for America's Next Top Scooper.  

We:
- provide training 
- offer a flexible schedule
- and yeah, we give you plenty of ice cream and coffee

You: 
- are cooperative and eager to learn
- are quick on your feet in a friendly but incredibly busy environment
- love working with customers of all stripes
- have broad availability (weekend work required; we are open 8 am to 11 pm M-F and 9 am to 11 pm S-S) 

This is a food service position, scooping ice cream and preparing high level coffee and espresso drinks. 

We aren't looking for seasonal hires; we want you to stay on with us through the fall. 

Pay is good plus tips. 

Interested?  Send us a message to Tosci.jobs@gmail.com telling us about you: your background, experience, interests, and most importantly, why you’d make a great addition to our team., Clover Food Labs opened their first 24 hour store in Central Square, where Hi Fi once served pizza.  The place has everything including pinball and grits.  

http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2015/04/27/what-learned-hours-clover-hfi/46UpGRtGLDSnaswPtJ7DjO/story.html, Strong recommendations for a movie that melds Cambodian music and Cambodian politics.  Four of us drove up Route 3 to see this excellent film at the Showcase Cinemas.  

The movie would benefit from a little tightening.  One friend said it was as though The Sorrow and the Pity had been produced by MTV.  

Lowell has a large Cambodian population.  After the movie we ate at Simply Khmer.  

http://www.bostonglobe.com/arts/music/2015/04/23/new-film-explores-cambodia-rock-scene/iqI1bT1rFXh4a0cMHslJaK/story.html, Eric Ripert is famous for being a great chef and being in the NYTimes with the regularity of Governor Cuomo and the coach of the New York Rangers.    He's also famous for his otherworldly fabulousness.  Now there is a new season of Avec Eric, the title of  which reminds us that part of that fabulosity is that he is French. 

https://twitter.com/ericripert/status/591597241313452032?t=1&cn=cmVjb3NfbmV0d29ya19kaWdlc3RfYWI%3D&sig=2bd94b65cf1fcf478960317708ab8bcc231de03a&al=1&refsrc=email&iid=9fd5b95926c64365a54e16df8315f683&autoactions=1429909597&uid=14812103&nid=244+592+20150422

For that matter Sam Mehr is French and Andreas Borghini is a better surfer., Big line in front of The Middle East, going down the block to Mariposa.  All ages rock and roll.  Full house at new Hi Fi Clover Food Lab.  You can play pin ball or buy books.  In addition to Clover's changing menu this store has a carefully curated selection of books about food including Corky White's Coffee Life in Japan and new issues of Lucky Peach.  This means Central Square and Cambridge  now have a bookstore for cooks to complement Stir in the South End.  Harvard Bookstore also has a big selection.  Read, Cook, Eat., First Blue Bell, from Texas, has recalled ice cream because of Listeria.  Now Jeni's from Ohio has recalled ice cream. 

http://time.com/3833418/jenis-ice-cream-recall-listeria/, Willy delivered a ton of ice cream to The Nut House on Main Street in Ptown.  Which is just in time for Gays for Patsy weekend.  http://www.gfp.org/  

Lots of two steppin' and square dancin'., Blue Bell ice cream started out in Brenham, Texas, which -according to brilliant ads- cows think is paradise.  But the now-very-large company has been dogged by product recalls related to listeria.  

http://www.grubstreet.com/2015/04/blue-ball-expands-recall.html, Larry Flint and the Roads Scholars did a special show at Sally O's in Union Square.  The show was recorded.  This could be like the legendary TAMI Show or the Band's farewell concert.  Then we walked over to Gracie's Ice Cream for Burnt Fluff ice cream cones and conversation with Aaron Cohen.  Union Square has been the epicenter of a great Fluff Revival, which rivals the Second Great Awakening.  

We talked about high and low flavors, which Aaron's friends thought were designed by stoners or intended for stoners.  That's not quite true.  Both of us discussed our tours of supermarket wondering what might work.  

Continuing our tour of Somerville's wonders we went to Reliable Market, a very good Korean market and bought some Kewpie mayonnaise and those adorable ice cream sandwiches in the shape of fish, the ones that include red bean paste.  We also got Hello Panda candies.  None of these will be used in ice cream., What a weekend.  Its nice.  Its pre-frosh weekend for most Boston universities so there are happy kids and apprehensive proud parents on every corner.  Its the Cambridge Science Festival.  Its former scooper Eugene Mirman's Cavalcade of Comedy on both sides of the river.  Larry Flint and the Roads Scholars are playing a 3PM show at Sally O's in Union Sq. Somahville., The WSJ writes about serfdom at Harvard, on Fri

http://www.wsj.com/articles/harvards-les-miserables-1429311130

April 17, 2015 6:52 p.m. ET
287 COMMENTS
Imagine a land where the most highly educated citizens work for a pittance. Where the local lord treats them more or less as he pleases because the supply of workers is greater than the work available. Where the nobles enjoy lives of relative ease and comfort while the people who do most of the work struggle to make ends meet.

These aren’t the sans-culottes of late 18th-century France. We’re talking about the modern American university. Specifically, Harvard—at least if you believe the complaints by the graduate students trying to unionize there. They have a case, too, even if their solution isn’t the cure they think it is. Even taking into account the value of the tuition relief that grad students receive in exchange for the teaching and research they do, their low pay and limited benefits are all too real.

These grad students (and part-time adjuncts) carry much of the teaching load at universities for one reason: They are cheaper. According to the Chronicle of Higher Education, at Harvard the average professor’s salary is $205,000. Grad students get a fraction of this, and the glut of Ph.D.s means most will never find the professorships they seek.

Public universities are covered by state labor laws, and some have unionized. Private universities come under the National Labor Relations Act. They have been able to resist unionization because the National Labor Relations Board ruled in 2004 in a case involving Brown University that grad students are “primarily students,” not employees.

That may change. President Obama’s NLRB is a wholly owned subsidiary of organized labor. Last month the board agreed to hear a petition by graduate students at Columbia University that challenges the 2004 decision. The Columbia students want to join the United Auto Workers, and they’re seeking an NLRB ruling like the one last year that Northwestern football players can unionize because they’re employees more than student-athletes.

The universities argue that unionization would make the nature of their relationship with students adversarial. They too have a case. Most of America’s top universities aren’t unionized. So the schools have valid concern about elevating union interests over academic merit. Meanwhile, NYU is a rare private university that has voluntarily recognized a grad-student union.

But none of this lets academe off the hook. For one thing, the universities contribute to a glut of Ph.D.s by admitting students who take out loans (some 40% of the $1 trillion in student debt is for graduate school) even when they know few will ever work as full professors. By admitting them into graduate programs, the schools in effect are producing for themselves a low-paid work force.

“To put it crudely, they are hiring their own serfs,” says Richard Vedder, an Ohio University economist who runs the Center for College Affordability and Productivity. He says it’s “as much a moral issue as an economic one.” A university truly devoted to the well-being of its students would be more honest to grad students about the dismal job prospects for Ph.D.s—and more candid to undergrads about their actual instructors.

Unionization isn’t the best solution for grad students or universities. Mr. Vedder has a better idea when he suggests that universities accept some responsibility for defaults on student loans or pick up some of the tab for students who can’t find jobs after graduation.

All of which is worth keeping in mind next time you hear university officials lecture America about corporate greed or the wages of garment workers in Guatemala, This sounds amazing.  8PM FREE.  Gil Evans, Duke Ellington, New England Conservatory Jazz band.  

http://necmusic.edu/event/13238, Eugene Mirman, star of Lexington, Flight of the Concords, and Bob's Burgers just mentioned us on NPR., If Calvin Trillin had been born in Buffalo NY we would all know about the pleasures of Baci Pizza, Anderson's Custard, the Garden of Sweets, as well as Buffalo Chicken Wings and the Beef on Weck sandwich.  Which I don't like.  Delaware Park, and the Albright Knox are much better.

http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2015/04/14/dining/field-guide-to-the-sandwich.html, I hope they have Fribbles. 

The Globe's Taryn Luna reports on Friendly's new outpost at Logan airport.  If you drive into Mass. from the west you almost have to pass the Friendly's facility and handsome sign in Wilbraham.  Now people returning to school or arriving from Europe will get a chance to experience what was once a very good very local ice cream store., Thanks to FiveFork Farms we have the best CSA in our neighborhood.  From Field to Vase.  Flowers!  

http://www.fiveforkfarms.com/, The Guardian prints a long article about Cuba's most famous ice cream store.  You can also get Cuban good ice cream at King's on Calle Ocho in Miami.

http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/apr/14/future-of-coppelia-cuba-socialist-ice-cream-cathedral, New York Magazine reports that today is Free Cone Day at Ben and Jerry's, from noon until 8PM.  

http://www.grubstreet.com/2015/04/free-cone-day-ben-jerrys-2015.html, Long Live Hi Fi Pizza.  Once the home of weight-lifting Bengali pizza makers, the space is reopening as a 24 hour Clover Food Labs, as explained by their wizard of external affairs:

The first 24-hour restaurant in Cambridge is almost here! We've been working for a year to build this restaurant, and now it's finally happening.

CloverHFI opens at 11am on 4/22 at 496 Mass Ave in Cambridge with a full lunch and dinner menu. 

- On Day 1, we're having a Free Sandwich Day. Pay what you want. All proceeds will go to fund farmshares for low-income people with pickups at CloverHFI.

- Drawings for prizes every hour on the hour. The prizes will increase in their glory as the night goes on (including glo-in-the-dark CloverHFI t-shirts, a $100 gift certificate to Craigie on Main, $100 to Viale, a Clover knife skills class for you and 8 friends and tons of other surprises). 

- Bands eat free forever at CloverHFI upon presentation of playbill proving they played at The Middle East that night.

- New retail area featuring take-home Clover items; groceries from Clover suppliers; our favorite books on food; and hard-to-find food magazines

-Late-night menu starting at midnight

Follow the late-night adventures of the new Clover at www.cloverfoodlab.com, or @cloverHFI on Instagram or Twitter. 

We're hiring. Open interviews all week this week, from 9:30am-6:30pm at 496 Mass Ave., Beth Teitell of The Globe discusses the marvels of South Boston's Waterfront, the Seaport District, whatever...

http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/real-estate/2015/04/10/will-seaport-district-ever-have-soul-real-neighborhood/UCcxX2vm3XvppdSAlVR2vN/story.html#, Sunday night after our first great weekend.  We're open until 11P.

Flavors include:

Berry White is Raspberry and White Chocolate.
Vanilla Malt Ball was made at the loud suggestion of Brad Goldstein who said we only made obscure foreign flavors.

B3 is our most popular flavor:  Brown Butter, Brown Sugar and Brownies!

Chocolate Sluggo is the only flavor named after a person.  Former MIT coach Paul Slovenski demanded Belgian Chocolate, Cocoa Pudding, fudge ripple, chocolate chips, chocolate cookies and nut.

Wort is made with wort from Cambridge Brewing Company.  Wort is more or less before it is fermented.  It tastes very good., Maps maps maps!  

http://www.bu.edu/research/articles/mapmaker-matchmaker-suchi-gopal-power-of-maps/, Fr and Sa is the Aputumpu festival at Central Square's Middle East!  Jamaica Plain's Debo Band appears.

http://aputumpu.us/boston15/, The Taxonomy of Cambridge and Boston.  

I was invited to a Spring Cleanup for East Cambridge and We-Ha and I thought "We-Ha"?  Where is "We-Ha?"  Now I can report that We-Ha is a term for the Wellington-Harrington neighborhood, emerging from Cambridge's bizarre school-naming sleight of hand.   Cambridge's Community Development also calls the place Neighborhood 3 and has precise boundaries.   We-Ha seems to be  Inman Square and what might be called Almost East Cambridge.  Neighborhoods and their names are funny things.  Real estate developers have become very active in renaming things as have hipsters.  So Huron Avenue became Huron Village.  Part of the South End is called So Wa (South of Washington), in slavish imitation of NYC trends.

I have tried to re-christian the area around The Longfellow School as Longfellow Village, but I don't think that is working.  The area between Linnaean Street and Porter Square definitely needs a name, perhaps Piazza Bagelsaurus or Porte Bagelsaurus or even Porte Porter., I love Paul Rand's work.  Every time I see a brown UPS truck I think of him.  I think he did two truck livery designs which are no longer in use, but the basis for the current "look."  

And I heard rumors of different-colored UPS trucks which I liked and thought he might enjoy.  UPS meets M&M's.  

Here's a good museum review byThe Globe's Mark Feeney.

https://www.bostonglobe.com/arts/2015/04/08/looking-back-designs-paul-rand/hjnIvMIwXxYThxjmDXhnZM/story.html, This Wurgaft guy is very smart and writes well.

https://medium.com/re-form/a-precise-imprecision-6905c579819d, Boston Magazine gets Tony Maws and Jason Bond together for a Chef's Guide to Cambridge.  

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2015/04/06/chefs-guide-cambridge/, Peeps explained.  Years ago a friend challenged us to make "American" flavors and cut it out with the foreign flavors like Khulfee and Nocciola.  So we made Malted Milk Ball and he was happy.  We're not the small town ice cream store by the lake.  We're an ice cream store in Central Square, Cambridge.

This year we made ice cream with marshmallow Peeps.  Some of us have crazy affection for these squishy, Murakami Easter candies.  They freeze well, retaining the crazy colors and a yielding toothiness (which is how we talk when making ice cream).  There were two versions:  Vanilla Peeps and Mint Peeps.  They were popular with kids and the immature.  Some scoopers thought they were inappropriate for Toscanini's but we cast a wide net.  The Mint Peeps flavor is amost gone but we will replace it with Cake Batterscotch which is built around St. Louis Gooey Butter Cakes.  Jeni's makes this flavor as does Ample Hills in Brooklyn.

Gooey Butter Cake is so identified with St. Louis that I asked the owner of Ample Hills if he was from St. Louis and was surprised when he said he was not.

Lake Forest Bakery made the best Gooey Butter Cake.  As an ice cream it is not available at Ted Drewes., Have you ever wondered how many times you should kiss someone when meeting in France?  Of course, all Americans worry about proper etiquette when meeting Carla Bruni or Miou-miou or Isabelle Huppert.  The answer is complicated, depending on where you are in France.  

With a basic American education that includes no acquired language facility you can figure out that in France itself people kiss one to five times.  Perhaps Americans think kissing is more important than French people.  Also what about those parts of France where people simply nod curtly.  

The map is from Andreas and the comment about Americans is from Cypress St.

http://combiendebises.free.fr/, I got a letter with a perfect ice cream story about the President.

"and i just read this about obama's first date with michelle. 
It is ice cream related.
PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA AND FIRST LADY MICHELLE OBAMA
"On our first date, I treated her to the finest ice cream Baskin-Robbins had to offer," President Obama remembered. "I kissed her, and it tasted like chocolate." They married in 1992 and now their love story is being turned into a movie.", Today is Saturday and we close at 11PM.  Tomorrow is Easter.  We open at 9AM and close 11PM., Turkish movies are very good.  The Museum of Fine Arts annual Festival of Turkish Cinema always includes wonderful surprises.  On Sunday there is a showing of The Bride and an appearance by its star.  No popcorn or Lokum is available.  The handsome MFA Theater is a no-popcorn zone.  

http://www.bostonturkishfilmfestival.org/, Today is Sa Ap 4.  Formaggio has improved the bus stop in front of their Huron Avenue luggage by resuming bbq operations.  This is now the best bus stop in New England.

Tomorrow is Su Ap 5.  At 3PM, The Japan Society is presenting a show of Japanese drumming and dancing at the Berklee Performance Center.

http://www.japansocietyboston.org/event-1810604, We're delivering ice cream to Trattoria Tomasso in Southborough, and Gibbet Hill in Groton and several Wagamama noodle restaurants.  We're making ice cream for the B Good hamburger places.  We're working on new flavors for the store.  Including Mint Peeps and Buttermints and Orange Kit Kat Bars.  We're busy.  Today is going to be a 70 degree Friday.  Come visit., Rachel Sundet, pastry chef at Hungry Mother in Kendall Sq., is a Rising Star according to the Starchefs.com website.  This makes her sound like a Bluebird about to become a Campfire Girl.

The recipes listed are complex and taste great.  Before dessert you can have grits and a wonderful porchetta.  Yea.

http://www.starchefs.com/cook/chefs/bio/rachel-sundet, Here's a great recipe for ice cream that is not ice cream.  Chefs are so smart.

http://www.starchefs.com/cook/recipe/sean-brock/charleston-ice-cream, Ever use Uber?  The Cambridge License Commission just required Cambridge cabs to accept credit cards.  Boston took this step into the 20th century back in 2009.

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/news/blog/2015/04/02/cambridge-requiring-cabs-to-take-credit-cards/?utm_source=iContact&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=Boston%20Daily&utm_content=, Robin Washington has a somewhat pathetic article in today's Globe, listing Ten Things The MBTA Doesn't need to Fix.  Washington ends with the MBTA "T" symbol, which is not  unique.  It looks exactly like the Stockholm metro's "T" symbol.  Someone at the Globe should visit Sweden to see how a fairly small, very cold city deals with mass transit and development issues.  

http://www.bostonglobe.com/opinion/2015/03/31/things-mbta-doesn-need-fix/v0U2wQ9JwtK6JEtw3YXWKN/story.html, A very special report from Robert Winters highlights new Cambridge attitudes and new proposals about climate change.  Hydro power is coming as well as furniture making based on the clear cutting of Silver Maples.

http://www.rwinters.com/, Corby Kummer is everywhere, including in Technology Review writing bout "lab meat" and more.  

http://www.technologyreview.com/review/536296/the-problem-with-fake-meat/, Carmen reports that today is The International Edible Book Festival.  http://books2eat.com/, For 20 years Cinderella's has been our neighbor.  They also sell our ice cream and deliver pints along with their fabled pizza and sandwiches.  They continue to deliver all those things but the restaurant itself is closed for major renovations.  To repeat, they will deliver food and pints of Toscanini's with their usual speed.  We'll let everyone know when the gala reopening occurs., We sell ice cream to Trattoria Tomasso in Southborough.    Two nights ago we ate dinner with a friend who lives in Sudbury and is a wine maven.  He drives 20 minutes because he loves the wine list.  

http://www.tomassotrattoria.com/, Kit Kats are great.  They reach their zenith in Japan.  Andy has been urging us on.  We will work on an Orange Kit Kat flavor.

http://firstwefeast.com/eat/kit-kat-sandwiches-are-being-sold-at-fast-food-chains-in-japan/?utm_source=Sailthru&utm_medium=email&utm_term=Daily&utm_campaign=First%20We%20Feast%20-%20Daily%202015-03-20, Bad ideas or just unusual ideas.  That is often the question.   Dunkin's has Cookie Dough syrup.  We don't but we do have lots of cookie dough that we use in ice cream.  So we have been experimenting with the idea of adding pieces of cookie dough to cups of hot coffee.

Peeps?  This is the season for Peeps.  Mainstream groceries and drugstores are glowing with luminescent marshmallow candies.  Meems loves Peeps.  Underline that.  So how do Peeps stand up in ice cream.  The answer is they're not bad.  The radioactive sugar will remind you of the Yellow Submarine cartoon and the marshmallows are indestructible.   One person spoke of a Harvard supervisor who likes slightly stale Peeps.  During Lent she opens boxes and lets them breathe in her office so that they have reached a perfect toothiness by Holy Week.  The new Pope is open to all innovations, even secular ones involving candies.   I think the Peeps will be part of a mint ice cream.  We can save money by waiting until after Easter but the flavor would resonate more if we do it before the holiday.

Berry White is a great flavor and a great name, although we are required to explain who the great Barry White was.  Berry White ice cream is Raspberry and White Chocolate.  Meems doesn't like raspberries so we are making a new flavor:  Black Berry White with blackberries.  

And we continue to work on Carrot Cake, Tomato Sorbet and Cherry-Tomato Sorbet.  Like bread bakers and the National Guard, we work when you're asleep.  We do things so you don't have to do them., Eric Randall summarizes the MBTA's awful snowball fight.  Everyone else not standing by a turnstyle gets to skate off into retirement, including press people who focused on wi-fi, late night service for club kids and anything else not central to why we have an MBTA.

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/news/blog/2015/03/31/mbtas-snow-mistakes-kind-of-basic/?utm_source=iContact&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=Boston%20Daily&utm_content=, Easter arrives at a happy moment in Central Square when winter retreats, and spring becomes less theoretical,  but before finals threaten to spoil the college experience. As we do every year we are experimenting with Beeps, those furry, fuzzy, high visibility marshmallows., The Nile Project concert at Boston University was excellent.  I would underline Steve Smith's comments about two artists in his enthusiastic review.  Steven Sogo of Burundi was an authoritative singer AND and multi-instrumentalist.  Kenya's Kasivi Mutua dominated with her drumming and her personality.

http://www.bostonglobe.com/arts/music/2015/03/29/disparate-styles-converge-and-flow-nile-project/reuqr7OV6DMCzlNgRCfCGJ/story.html, Our sister Diane knows books.  She's a librarian at St. Louis' Buder branch.  So when DTR sends a copy of Amanda Palmer's The Art of Asking I have to treat the book with extra importance.  A report shall follow.  I hope I get a good grade., President Obama is coming to the neighborhood.  He will be eating Michael Leviton's pizza at Area Four.  There may be fundraising or perhaps just very generous tipping.

We'll be ready for dessert but recommendations as to what to offer the President are welcome.

http://www.bostonglobe.com/metro/2015/03/30/president-make-stop-cambridge-restaurant-after-speech-kennedy-institute/9XwpwvxBmw8nOd8V9g6zIL/story.html, Rob just made Chocolate Coconut Macaroon.  We have six half pints for the first customers who ask.  FREE., Any article on Van Morrison's most creative period is worthwhile.  I love this piece in Boston Magazine although it doesn't mention bassist Richard Davis.  I am one of those who think Astral Weeks is as much a Richard Davis album as a Van Morrison album.  There is a lot of local bits to this story.  

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/arts-entertainment/article/2015/03/24/van-morrison-astral-weeks/?utm_source=iContact&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=Weekender:%20Boston&utm_content=, Tonight is the Nile Project at BU!.  World Music in Boston. 

http://www.bu.edu/calendar/?uid=165150@17.calendar.bu.edu, Theolonious Monkfish is expanding.  Our Central Square neighbor is getting bigger.  

http://boston.eater.com/2015/2/23/8089769/thelonious-monkfish-expansion-adjacent-space, I love maps. And I love news about non-English speakers. I had a friend who -until she got to kindergarten- thought everyone in the US spoke Italian. So here's a map showing languages other than English or Spanish that are spoken in different states. 
I've never understood some of the enthusiasm for Spanish speakers or people who might speak Spanish. I think Portuguese in its many flavors may still be the second most popular language in Mass. Why don't Portuguese speakers count as an injured group? Anyway...
http://www.laobserved.com/…/2014/05/most_common_languages_b…, Laura London is the historian of Toscanini's.  She has a long list of every flavor she has eaten at the store and the number is in the thousands.  She spent winter in Sacramento California and sent a list of ice cream flavors from Gunther's.

Birthday Cake

Black Raspberry Chip

Black Raspberry Marble

Black Walnut

Bubble Gum

Butter Brickle

Coconut Pineapple

Fudge Brownie

Marble Fudge

Mocha Almond Fudge

Pecan Pralines

Rocky Road

Strawberry Cheesecake

Swiss Orange Chip

Taro

Thai Tea

Hoping your winter has been a pleasant one.

It was kind to hope that our winter had been pleasant but that is the kind of comment you make after several months in California., Corby Kummer says nice things about our new neighbor, Viale, which replaced Rendezvous. 

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/article/2015/03/24/restaurant-review-viale/

There is also a good article about Saltbox Farm out in Concord., Boston University's Nile Project starts today but the first public performance is tomorrow.  

http://www.bu.edu/arts/nile-project/, Inspired by our favorite chef we are working on (c)haroset ice cream.  Ben and Jerry's already makes the flavor but only in Israel.  http://www.bustle.com/articles/71377-charoset-flavored-ben-and-jerrys-ice-cream-exists-in-israel-and-yes-its-kosher-for-passover., Bad weekend for strong men.  Chuck Bednarik of the Eagles died and so did Lee Kwan Yew of Singapore.  Condolences to people form those two very different city states., Celebrity customer who eluded crazy burrito fan!  Michael Kamio of Anna's Taqueria showed up for ice cream.  Fortunately crazed burrito fan who makes ice cream was not here., Visited Fleck, a new cafe in Newton Highland.  Pretty and good drinks.  Then bopped over to Newtonville to visit Ranc's for a Strawberry cone., Moose Tracks is a very popular flavor in northern New England, as you'd expect.  Little chocolate "cups" filled with raspberry jelly.  The North Woods would be a better place if these were everywhere.  We rolled them through our orange and vanilla Creamsicle flavor.  Meems will be happy, we hope.

We also made Chocolate Malt ice cream with brewers' malt from the Modern Brewer.  A productive day.  Now it is snowing and we're off to see Larry Flynt and the Roads Scholars at Sally O'Brien's in Union Square, Somahville., Marie Abe, accordion wiz of Debo band will be on Africa Kabisa with Muna Kangsen.  Su WMBR 4PM to 6PM  Discussing her Nile River Project at BU., After a delicious meal at East Somerville's La Brasa I have figured out how to describe that restaurant.  To myself and others.  La Brasa is very much like East Coast Grill when Chris Schlesinger started his restaurant.  With the addition of startingly handsome waiters.  Where did these guys come from?  

Everything we ordered was delicious.  The food is seemingly casual -almost simple- but thoughtful, and tends to stay in the warmer parts of the world.  Amazing Thai chicken, Mexican rice, carnitas.  This once dark part of Somerville is full of things to do and eat., Madge of Honor has a winning series of photos taken by Catherine Pleased, who designs our t shirts.  Madge "performs" as a parking space saver.  And she almost parodies "art-talk_ with her description of exploring boundaries between public and private space.  

http://www.madgeofhonor.com/, David D'Allesandro writes about the MBTA Disaster as if it were a disaster and not simply bad weather, and that the state government caused it and needs to fix it.

http://www.bostonglobe.com/opinion/2015/03/13/fixing-mbta-falls-beacon-hill-big-three/tCTay8JPQ185kfdhJdEuHJ/story.html, My favorite observation about cab driving in the US is that it is like share-cropping.  Dante Ramos writes about Uber and the finally- under-siege cab industry  

http://www.bostonglobe.com/opinion/2015/03/13/uber-boston-taxi-drivers-unlikely-ally/BI5It9N3hPTsRyekrgR1hP/story.html, Just saw Tristan & Yseult at Emerson Majestic.  Excellent.  Tomorrow is the last performance.  

https://artsemerson.org/Online/default.asp?BOparam::WScontent::loadArticle::permalink=tristan_yseult, This Sunday's T Magazine includes a small mention of Three Twins' organic versions of popular Ben and Jerry's flavors.

http://tmagazine.blogs.nytimes.com/2015/03/05/organic-ice-cream-three-twins/?ref=food, if your band is not playing at TT's or The Middle East tonight, it will be a good evening to visit The MIT Museum.  Tody is the Second Friday and there are special events related to the sea.  

http://web.mit.edu/museum/programs/secondfridays.html, At 630PM tonight, Friday the 13th,there is a reception at The Boston Architecture College for a beautiful and thought-provoking show of bento boxes from Japan.  Corner of Hereford and Newbury., This Sunday's T Magazine includes a small mention of Three Twins' organic versions of popular Ben and Jerry's flavors.

http://tmagazine.blogs.nytimes.com/2015/03/05/organic-ice-cream-three-twins/?ref=food, Driving duty:  First I mailed a copy of Scout Cambridge to our sister in St. Louis.  They had a story about small business owners in Cambridge and an adorable cartoon of Mimi on the cover.  Then I went to The Color Corporation to pick up poster for tomorrow night's Obento event at Boston Architectural College.  Then I zoomed down Storrow Drive to North Washington St., which was once Restaurant Equipment Row.  Years ago I had a meeting on that street with a man who had his office inside a walk-in refrigerator.  Fortunately the refrigeration was not operating but it did make an impression.  There's only one restaurant supply company left in the neighborhood.  I zoomed back to Toscanini's in order to teach a class of young Newton residents about making ice cream.  As is usual they were most impressed with the 11 pound bars of Callebaut chocolate we use and huge containers of cookies, and sugar.  We talked about flavors that were popular and flavors that were not at all popular.  Now I have to go find a lot of mangos.  That's Thursday, 2015., Margin Call is a very good movie by the director of A Most Violent Year.  And it has two good, nerdy jokes.  One is recurring.  None of the older bankers in this movie about high finance can understand numbers.  They keep saying things like, ""Just tell me in English."

And for 02139 residents Zachary Quinto, not quite playing Mr. Spock prompts a good moment as described in Salon.

"There’s definitely an actors’ showcase quality to “Margin Call,” and (the director) Chandor seems in various ways more like a playwright than a filmmaker, but throughout the long night the tension rises and the characters crackle. Moore and Aasif Mandvi show up as senior executives who grill Peter on his findings and his credentials, under the watchful eye of Simon Baker as Jared Cohen, the firm’s boyish president, resented and feared by all. Quinto nicely underplays his numbers-geek role, a guy who in a dumber, more Hollywood version of this movie (e.g., Oliver Stone’s dreadful “Wall Street” sequel) would have been made the hero. Peter explains that he has an advanced degree in propulsion from MIT. “So you’re a rocket scientist,” Cohen remarks mildly. “Interesting.”, The Obento Show is already up at Boston Architectural College.  Corner of Newbury and Hereford.  On Friday, March 13 at 630P there will be a reception with Japanese soft drinks, snacks and ice cream from Toscanini's., Deb Samuels has put together a beautiful show of traditional Japanese lunch boxes, or Obento.  The show is already installed at the Boston Architectural College at the corner of Newbury and Hereford Streets.  A reception will take place on Friday from 630P to 830PM.  Japanese soft drinks and we will supply ice cream., Yesterday we made Spicy Butterscotch Sauce.  We have it today and promise to be more reliable in having this wonder., Tomorrow is Girls' Day at the MIT Museum.  Pax East  gaming conference is happening.  There's a BitCoin conference at MIT.  Daylight Savings Time starts on Sunday.  Whee.  We will be open until 11PM., Jennifer 8 Lee Harvard '99 (her full name) will be at tonight's showing of The search for General Tso at The Brattle.

http://www.brattlefilm.org/2015/03/06/the-search-for-general-tso/, Years ago a customer was so overwhelmed by the deliciousness of her meal that she asked for the chef, "This is the best meal I've ever had."  He said "I feel sorry for you."  

Ben Wurgaft begins a book review on molecular gastonomy with a similar, slightly more gentle story involving Wylie Dufresne.

http://lareviewofbooks.org/review/notes-note-note-new-molecular-cuisine, Lego Bento at way cool exhibition at Boston Architectural College, Hereford & Newbury Streets.  Obento!, The weird geology of Boston's winter., Bettina Makalintal writes about Filipino popups in today's Boston Globe food section.  When not writing about food, Bettina makes our ice cream cakes including amazing ones with characters from Frozen and PBS shows about feudal Britian.

https://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2015/03/03/pop-restaurant-celebrates-filipino-cuisine/Vk8iFe8pHTCugFzfNSs86L/story.html, Its Girls' Day at the MIT Museum.  http://web.mit.edu/museum/programs/calendar/Girls-Day.html?utm_source=MIT+Museum&utm_campaign=eaf537009d-Mar+2015+Newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_term=0_84e5098f61-eaf537009d-128122253, Restaurant news.  Salts is looking for a new home.  Our neighbor at 798 Main St. has not recovered from a flood.  Some part of MIT is the restaurant's landlord and they have declined to rebuild which suggests another 20 story building is sailing down Main Street.

Salts occupies a site that for many years seem dedicated to small nice restaurants.  Bruce Frankel's Panache became 798 Main which evolved into Anago Bistro.  Anago moved to Copley Square, and eventually Bob Calderone and Susan Finegold ended up at The Barnstable Inn on the cape.  Frankel now sells barbeque equipment in western Mass.  Briefly the restaurant was run by a couple who created the name SALT, which meant Steve and Lisa Together.  Gabriel Bremer took over the place and the name changed from an acronym to Salt's.  Now Bremer and company are looking for a new place.  It would be nice if one of developers busy in Cambridge could find a home for such good food and service.

Away in Harvard Square the city's only Alsatian restaurant is closing.  After eighteen years Chef Raymond Ost has left Sandrine and the restaurant will close within weeks.   Sandrine occupies a location at 8 Holyoke Street that I first visited when it was Pizza Regina outlet.  Then Moncef Meddeb and Ana Sortun created Eight Holyoke.  A rumor that the lovable madcaps from La Voile would be taking over the space is apparently false and one person said that the restaurant will be replaced by an Irish bar.  Oh good.  

Sandrine was famous for an Alsatian pizza, called a flammkuchen.  During these last days it is only available at lunch., This seven minute video from Chef Steps is close to perfect and perhaps the best video I ever watched on a phone.  I was waiting outside a classroom in Boylston Hall while Fabio Parasecoli discussed Italian food and his new book, Al Dente.  That seemed appropriate.  I am hoping to return to this earth with a name like Fabio Parasecoli.  

He has nothing to do with this video.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-CiS6LSNGfI, These guys do the coffee at Art Science Cafe in Kendall Sq.

http://sprudge.com/coutume-japan-goes-big-in-a-ritzy-tokyo-department-store-71622.html, Holy cow.  Some film critic liked the most recent version of Godzilla.  That demonstrates the limited value of reading.  I cannot immediately think of a worse movie:  constantly confusing, terrible acting by famous actors who may  have been saving for retirement, terrible acting by now-ubiquitous Young British Actors and and a mysterious bit of possible acting by a sister of the Olsen Twins.  Bring back the guy in the monster suit., We're getting ready.  Had a discussion with Crimson Catering about ice cream for graduation events.  Soon we will be making sunrise deliveries to PTown's Nut House., Gary's in LIttleton, Mass.  Always worth the stop.  On Friday I delivered ice cream to Gibbet Hill in Groton, Mass.  I always stop at Gary's for a Cheesie Wienie, which is an embarassing name for anything.  Louis Auchincloss would revise the manuscript for The Rector of Justin while snacking here., S. Irene Virbila of the LATimes has a name Will Eisner would love.  She's off to Gelato School, or La Universidad di Gelato.

http://www.latimes.com/food/dailydish/la-dd-nine-things-i-learned-at-gelato-u-20150225-story.html, "Noc" is "Nocciola."  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D6YsoyKiaeA, Not tons of snow, just more snow., Today was a day when I got to be the driver.  In days past when Tom Welch drove I would turn on the car and listen to sports radio until I could disable the radio.  Willy likes urban music so I listened to all sorts of things while delivering pints to Whole Foods on Prospect Street and the Whole Foods store on Beacon Street in Somerville.  We also sell pints at Dave's Pasta in Somerville's Davis Square.  

Then I scooted cross Somerville on Broadway, traveling from Teele Square to the jumble of changing East Somerville.  La Brasa has the biggest windows and best morning light of anyplace in Boston.  I had a capuccino and read the Joe Beef cookbook.  Then I drove towards Sullivan Square and found a plausible parking spot near Taco Loco.  Which was jammed with hungry men who had been shoveling snow off roofs and one man who looked like a criminal lawyer.  When Ken Oringer's La Verdad closed I never dreamed that someone would open a cheap tiny taqueria on this side of the river.  $2 a pop until someone figures something out.  Excellent., I love movies, but not all movies.  Tonight the Brattle is showing David Lynch films.  Seeing Dune was awful, and seeing Sting in diapers in Dune suggested the end of movies as mass entertainment.  The Harvard Film Archive is showing Monte Hellman's Two Lane Blacktop, starring a young and beautiful James Taylor and a young and beautiful Dennis Wilson. And a young and beauitful Laurie Bird.  Bird died of an overdose, cute Beach Boy Dennis Wilson drowned and Taylor came to embody NPR music.  All these handsome pop stars were better suited to playing bicycle cops on cable tv, but something horrible happened to these film directors in high school.  Makes you yearn for Sal Mineo in Tonka., Statue in front of Harvard Law School's Hemenway Gym.  Since law students are famous party people the statue is festooned with mardi gras beads., George Mokray sent this story about Art Science Cafe in Kendall Square, a neighborhood where everyone is smart.

http://www.core77.com/posts/29802/Caf%C3%A9-ArtScience-Offers-Inhalable-Scotch-Ice-Cream-with-Skin-and-Smelephony, Helen Epstein is famous for many things, least of all for co-writing Ice Cream Man.  She has a good story in the Arts Fuse about sharing copies of the Chinese translation of her book, Under A Cruel Star.

http://artsfuse.org/123075/fuse-book-commentary-found-in-translation-out-in-the-burbs/, Old home week.  Marc Rios from Chicago was briefly in town.  By now he might be back in Hong Kong teaching impressionable young kids.

I was at Sallyo's in Union Sq., Somahville.  I was listening to Larry Flint and the Roads Scholars.  Sally's often has amusing moments when bands changeover.  The next band looked like Angry Accountants.  Someone said they might more accurately be described as Plumbers and Accountants.  Suddenly an attractive woman whooshed in, going almost directly to the stage,"Hi Gus, it's me, Clara."  Clara Wellons is the singer for Litehouse which then commenced to make a joyous noise while singing about many things including the MBTA.  Clara worked at Toscanini's after Marc Rios but before Matt Segal.

Litehouse has nothing to do with Lighthouse, the Canadian band lead by drummer, Skip Prokop., By the subway entrance I saw a Chinese guy digging into a snowbank, shoveling out a newspaper vending machine so he could get his papers to readers.  Our own newspaper delivery guy has been heroic.  Service has been better during this bad weather than usual., Jimmies, sprinkles, hundreds and thousands, shots, whatever.  We have a lot of them in different colors., Snow entrance to Dwelltime's store on Broadway in ever-more-fashionable Longfellow Village., The Coolidge Corner Theater is in Brooklne and sometimes much of Brookline is in the Coolidge.  Yesterday was not one of those days.  I snuck away to see a 4PM showing of A Most Violent Year starring Oscar Isaac and Jessica Chastain.  There might have been three other people at the show.  We were outnumbered by the theater's staff.  But what a great afternoon in the dark.  

This winter has taken its toll on everyone and I have been unable to get to any of my usual Boston movie houses.  I took to renting videos;  I would have Stanley Kubrick-like encounters with the last guy working at Hollywood Express.   Even that became difficult as the store hours were reduced and snow drifts grew.  Soon I was watching video on demand and finally tv shows on Netflix.  

The Coolidge has a few small theaters but the big theater is a treasure.  The image was gigantic and projected perfectly.  At one point I was watching movies on a small laptop perched on my stomach.  The huge glowing screen is a spectacle compared to Apple pixels.  And the sound!  My.  Every sound, every breath and step were perfect and the sound track was also a wonder.  

A Most Violent Year is J.C. Chandor's third film after Margin Call and All is Lost.  There's no doubt that the movie appealed to me because of the director's gestures towards Coppola and Lumet.  The film takes place in 1981 New York City.  Actors have time to act and be loved by their director's attentions, and in consequence by the audience.  Isaac is Pacino-like in his big-eyed calmness but he plays with the culpability the of his character, as does the director.  There is confusion in the story and the story's intentions,  but neither Seth Rogen nor a team of stunt men pretending to be a SWAT team are in sight., There are lots of good places for coffee in Cambridge but we still drove over to La Brasa on Broadway in East Somerville.  Started the day with a cap, a latte and some writing.  Take the Orange Line to Sullivan and walk a few blocks.  A rapidly changing neighborhood with a lot already going on., Boston Magazine has a handy guide to the many locals nominated for James Beard Awards.  Michael Scelfo of Alden and Harlow is planning to open a mega taco joint where the defunct Korean market was.  Joanne Chang will continue to make my Dad happy with sandwiches and pastry. 

Waertown's Strip T's was nominated for service and I think its their winning combination of CIA grads and dubious locals who can seem suspicious of the entire project, "Do you really like this?"

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2015/02/18/2015-james-beard-semifinalists-announced/?utm_source=iContact&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=Boston%20Daily&utm_content=, The guys from PTown's Canteen visited!  The tried a lot of ice creams and spoke about Paris and the Globe editorial pages.  Canteen opens for the season in May.

Bettina's difficult job continues.  Bettina is in charge of ice cream cakes.  Far and away her most popular unusual cake designs are related to Disney's Frozen movie.  Some people go to Cal Arts to prepare for a career at Mauschwitz or study at MIT to become Imagineers.  Bettina is making birthday cakes for little kids and big kids.

She also has made two cakes for "Gender Reveal Parties."  Which are not what a Cambridge resident might guess.  These parties are when couples find out the sex of their unborn child., After ten years Jacky Robert is closing the Kenmore branch of his Petit Bistro Robert empire.  

I ate there almost by accident before it officially opened.  Everything was so good I returned two days later with my father.  By then word was out and the small quiet place between Mass. Avenue and BU had turned into a busy success.  I still remember those two meals because of their straightforwardness and perfection.  

GOOD BYE PRB KENMORE!

             Ten years ago, Loic Le Garrec and myself opened our first Petit Robert Bistro on Kenmore Square. This traditional affordable French restaurant was an instant success. Our friendly and hard working staff is to be complimented for this amazing run. Employees are like family to us and often considered as such by our regular customers. Today is time to close a chapter. We have sold Petit Robert Bistro Kenmore. Our last day will be Saturday February 28. Come and enjoy our cuisine a last time! The final menu is featuring all times favorites (Escargots, Onion Soup, Lobster Bisque, Beef Bourguignon and much more...)
 
Wednesday February 25 is a "date to save". We are going to have our "Au Revoir" party.  This exclusive dinner will feature: Amuse Bouche, Lobster Bisque, Filet of Bass, Rack of Lamb and Gateau Maison Robert. A tax deductible donation of $30 to "On Board for Kids" is needed to reserve your sit for this feast. The cost of the event is $70 for food (not including donation, tax, tip or wine.) For reservation, click here.

Loic Legarrec  and chef Stefano Quaresima are eager to welcome you at our South End location. Loic is planning on remodeling and to bring a new twist to the menu.
 
Thank you dear patrons for your loyalty and support. I hope to see you soon for a new culinary venture.

Bon Appétit et Merci!

Jacky Robert
Maîtres Cuisiniers de France, We're waiting for Jen Zink to return from the Great White North except snowfall is higher here and temperatures are lower than in Minnesota., He may have been the richest man in Italy but he was certianly the owner of the company who made Nutella.   We make several flavors incorporating Nutella including Nutella/Nocciola and Coffee Nutella/Nocciola.

http://www.nytimes.com/2015/02/16/business/michele-ferrero-pioneer-who-gave-the-world-nutella-dies-at-89.html?_r=0, Something's happenin' here.  But we are open.  Flavors are on twitter and also at tosci.com.  Its warm and friendly here, as though Lake Wobegon's Chatterbox Cafe was full of grad students instead of Finnish bachelor farmers., Its a little warmer and a few flakes are falling.  We're planning or hoping to stay open until 11PM.  If the storm arrives earlier than expected we may close earlier.  

Tomorrow is Sunday, February 15 and we're planning not to open as usual.  If the storm clears we may be able to open in the late afternoon or early evening.  

We will notify people through Twitter, Facebook and our own website, tosci.com.  

The hadrware store is already out of shovels., “Woo hoo, reading and dry ice!”  the words of Lucas Hall, Boston Green Academy librarian.

Former scooper Matt Johnston has been teaching at Boston’s Green Academy, first in South Boston and now in Brighton.  Matt asked if we could supply ice cream for a special event.  The school held a reading contest and thirty students qualified for an ice cream sundae.  

We donated the ice cream, fudge, whipped cream and toppings.

The ice cream was delivered in a foam box full of dry ice, challenging eaters who broke plastic spoons before finally softening the ice cream on convenient radiators.  lA science teacher visited the library and recognized a teachable moment.  He explained what dry is and why its so cold., If you send Winston Flowers to someone all you've proved is that your car has a radio.  Today Tim and Anthony made Chocolove, which is strawberry and chocolate.  We think it tastes like chocolate-covered strawberries and is a romantic flavor for a blustery winter weekend., There are a lot of architects and designers in Central Square.  When no one else comes to work they do.  With a design school's reticent style they arrive, get coffee and disappear to work throughout every kind of bad weather.  

Our customers are fragmented in ways that would surprise even them.  In addition to the people who work at IDEO, Tank Design and all the other architecture firms we have groups of church people throughout the week and obviously on Sunday.  We have square dancers and folk dancers.  We have rockers waiting to play at TT The bear's or waiting to see friends play at The Middle East.  Japanese tourists often arrive because we are included in the almost obligatory guide used by young travelers.  

During warm weather we get customers from the Central Square Farmers' Market and the MIT Flea Market.  

Today is the second Friday and the MIT Museum is FREE from 5P to 8PM.  Come visit before or afterwards.  Its a great place.

http://web.mit.edu/museum/programs/secondfridays.html, Tim and everyone made a new flavor:  Rose Berry, which is Rosewater and 3 berries.  We have five FREE pints for people who ask., Yesterday's NYTimes Food section had a short notice about the nice people at Ample Hills ice cream, in Brooklyn, shipping pints to other boroughs and beyond., Maybe the new Dresden Dolls:  JJ Gonson and Amanda Palmer pop up in Somahville.  

http://www.cambridgeday.com/2015/02/10/amanda-palmer-gets-restless-announces-shows-at-somervilles-cuisine-en-locale/, James Aloisi writes about Brin Murphy at Commonwealth Magazine. 

http://commonwealthmagazine.org/opinion/praise-brian-murphy-public-service/, The solution to the MBTA's problems is simple.  Abandon the idea that they are a modern transit agency and become a railroad museum.  Tourists can come to Boston to take leisurely rides on old trains and trolleys but no one will be deluded into thinking that the MBTA is attempting to do what the Toronto Transit Commission  and other real transit agencies do.  T workers could wear old-fashioned costumes, or even be replaced by Disney animatronics.  The MBTA should purchase more interesting rolling stock.  I'd love to ride a Vista Dome out to Framingham.  I wouldn't rule out steampower., Christopher Hughes of Boston Magazine on restaurants suffering during this snowy onslaught. 

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2015/02/10/winter-storms-wreaking-havoc-bostons-restaurant-industry/, Ever seen a bear-cam?  Some student from the University of Minnesota or the University of Maine installs a camera inside the den of a bear.  You get herkyjerky images of a large round creature trying to survive inside a small space.  That's how I feel.  I don't go to bed because I'm tired; I go to bed because I'm cold.  I suffer occasional insults like alarms and phone calls.  I will be better in March or April when I will emerge, stand up and search for delicious scents.  Then I will pad away looking for unsecured trash containing pizza boxes., null, This series of photos is getting alarming.  We will open at 5PM today, Tuesday Fe 10, 2015., We're going to try to open at 5 pm tomorrow.  Come for the Hot Chocolate, stay for the ice cream., A friend writes from The South End, "Have you seen my car? Has anyone seen my car???", null, null, It just keeps on snowing.  Today the snow changed into something mysterious and my car looked like it had been swaddled in raw, dirty wool., Today is another snow day, for all the universities and for public schools.  The MBTA is suffering.  Streets in Cambridge are plowed but there is no parking.  We're closed.  We're not even going to try to open.  Sorry., We've just closed for the evening to make sure our staff can get home safe.

Tomorrow looks like a perfect day for ice cream.  We're hoping to open by noon., Today is Sunday February 8 2015, but it is not sunny.  We are open but we're not sure how late we will stay open because of the snowfall.   Check here, our twitter feed or at www.tosci.com.  Drones should also be able to discern whether we are open.

On my way to work I noticed that Bagelsaurus was open as was Dwelltime.
 
Former scooper and present-day comedy wunderkind Eugene Mirman visited for a latte and a scone.  We talked about many things including Lexington as a hothouse of contemporary culture and whether Woods Hole would supplant Ptown as a strategic hamlet of cool.

We once had a somewhat dense gay worker who spent the summer in Providence rather than Provincetown, "There were gay people but not as many I expected.", Meems calls Chelsea's big Market Basket "the real happiest place on earth."  But not today.  The place was under siege.  There were no shopping carts.  I went in one door and out the other without finding a single one.  People would follow folks back to their cars in order to get a shopping cart.  They looked like they were soliciting automobile repairs, "Wantta get that dent fixed."   Inside people were buying food like it was the last day any food would be available.  And they were buying crazy amounts of it.  There were huge sizes I'd never seen or noticed.  It was necessary to wait on line before you could get on line to pay.  An altogether exhausting experience., After WW2, people used to send food and clothing to Europe and China.  We send ice cream to New York City.  

Scott Ambrose Reilly lives in Brooklyn, but before he achieved Brooklyn he was a customer who still holds the record for most days in a row eating a banana split.  He thought we were unreliable and took to bringing his own banana.  He would arrive, hold the banana over his head and announce, "I'm here and I have brought my own banana."  Scott drove back to Brooklyn with an assortment of eight pints for his family.

Dan Allen was part William Randolph Hearst  and part Sultzberger when he ran the Harvard Crimson's business.  He and his friend, Leila visited from Manhattan in search of Lemon ice cream.  Tim made half of the flavor and then I made the other half.  The results were acceptable.  They returned to New York with two half gallons of Lemon, a pint of Mint Chocolate Chip and two pints of Nocciola., During a dark period in her life, Lea Dellaria lived above Toscanini's.  Living above an ice cream store was part of her Provincetown act where she described how difficult it could be to attempt a diet while so close to so much ice cream and fudge.  She has released albums displaying here startling voice, starred on Broadway and been on Andy Griffith's Matlock.  Now she's on Orange is the New Black. 

And she's engaged.

http://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-2943361/Orange-New-Black-s-Lea-DeLaria-pops-question-Chelsea-Fairless-two-years-dating.html, Sam Mehr found this article on Maine coffee roasters, actually coffee roasters in Mid Coast Maine.  

http://www.nytimes.com/2015/02/01/travel/maine-one-coffee-roaster-at-a-time.html?action=click&pgtype=Homepage&module=c-column-middle-span-region&region=c-column-middle-span-region&WT.nav=c-column-middle-span-region&_r=0So they don't mention the excellent Tandem in Portland nor a few places that roast with wood.  Maine has a lot of wood, not so much coffee., Alex Beam weighs in on Paul Rudolph, architect of many esteemed building that few people love.  

http://www.bostonglobe.com/opinion/2015/02/04/the-architect-whom-one-cannot-remain-indifferent/bSnqs6tnaNG1LthB6dEQuJ/story.html, The ice cream giveaway continues until 8PM.  Orphan pints and half pints., We're having an occasional ice cream giveaway until 630PM.  Orphan pints and half pint prototypes of new flavors.  FREE, A guy calls our landlord's handyman because his lights don't work, "Are you sure the bulb is okay?"  "I'm an electrical engineer."  Of course it was the light bulb.

In 02139 people rarely say "Do you know who my father is?" or "Do you know who I am?" Those are 02138 remarks.   But they do say things like "I go to MIT." and "I'm an electrical engineer."

The neighborhood Star Market is the setting for scenes where Cambridge high school grads show Intel prizewinners how to scan in their groceries.  In January I ran into what I think was MIT's basketball team shopping for sustenance.  They were smart and gigantic but I don't think they regularly cook for themselves.  They were turning over packages trying to determine what needed to be cooked like Arnold Schwarzenegger in the first Terminator.  

When I first moved to Cambridge I heard two stories.  A student fills his car with gasoline and when asked for his credit card gives his Harvard ID.  After looking at the ID card for a moment the Cambridge resident says, "This is impressive but you still have to pay for the gas."

Another student goes to the express line at a supermarket but he has too many items.  The check out person says, "I don't know if you go to Harvard and can't count or go to MIT and can't read."  I do love old jokes., Winter comes to New England every year.  As long as I've lived here people have compared the MBTA to their worst impressions of the NYC subway.  If they compared the MBTA to nearby Toronto or cold weather cities in Europe they would have been better off.  The State of Massachusetts has chosen to invest in rail to the Cape, the South Coast, and even a four hour connection between Pittsfield  and New York City..  Maybe the state should invest money where most people live and the vast majority of transit users can be found., We are open.  The streets are plowed and the sidewalks are shoveled.  Our Christmas train is going round and round on the big table., We're closing at 5PM.  We give up.  But before we bug out of Vietnam we're making a big version of Raspberry Red Pepper ice cream, French Vanilla, B3, and Thin Mint.  This is despite the return of Greg and John Hawkinson and possibly Fabio if he can forget his elephant riding fantasies., Men at Work.  Man at His Best.  Marc Savenor of Acme Ice working on a perfectly awful morning, We open at 11AM on this snowy Monday, Fe 2, 2015.  But we also just delivered ice cream to Square at MIT's Rockwell Cage where a job fair is underway.  They have Burnt Caramel, Vanilla, Mint Chocolate Chip, and Berry Sorbet., Forever famous scoopers.  Lisa Levis attended many of the best schools on the East Coast before arriving at Boston University and Toscanini's.  She was part of a fabled women's eight that surged around the Charles River as though they were in a power boat. 

Maureen Fahey Reitman once held the record for career rebounds at MIT, and certainly still holds the record for rebounds by a Materials Scientist.

Both recently visited.  Working in Central Square was once like O.E. Rolvaag's Giants in the Earth., Years ago I discovered the secret of timing.  Timing is not just, as the joke goes, the secret to Polish comedy.  Our first wholesale customer was Michela's in East Cambridge on Athanaeum St.  My first delivery of ice creams was made by bicycle during a snowstorm.  Later orders became more regular and eventually I figured out when family meals or staff meals occurred.  This is the magic moment when restaurants feed workers.  I would scurry around Boston picking up ingredients at places like BIG Groceries (Boston Italian Grocers) and deliver ice cream while avoiding parking tickets.  Then I would park in an alley near the dumpster and nonchalantly enter Michela's through the back door as the staff was getting ready to eat a quite marvelous meal of leftovers and pasta prepared by a CIA graduate who would later cook in New York City.  I thought this was the best thing about my job.  

The other day I visited ASTA on Mass. Avenue.  We don't make ice cream for them but I had a question and arrived as chef Alex Crabb was delivering bowls of soup to staff who were seated around a table near the door, "Want some chicken soup?"  I have worried all winter about getting sick.  The temperature was in the twenties.  Did I want chicken soup prepared by a James Beard Award- nominated chef?  Yes I did.  The soup was perfect and served with a medley of carbs including "cheesy bread."  I do love the hospitality business., A friend visited and talked about the challenges of raising children even when things are going well.  Her 8-year-old is allowed to use Google Scholar for grade school research, but not the garden variety Google that gets so many people through grad school.  To me that suggest the idea of rating the frequency of citations from different groups including primary school students and junior high school students.  The friend is also trying to inculcate a measure of restraint and modesty in her daughter, "Its not always necessary to correct people.", Made another version of Raspberry Red Pepper Sorbet.  Good but next time I'll sieve out most of the raspberry seeds. Too much mouth feel.  Also working on a big version of Chaya, a big version of Coffee Nutella Nocciola, and a big version of Carmelized Honey Vanilla.

But first we take time to deliver ice cream to the Boston Renaissance Hotel.  This will be like getting the serum to Nome., Adam alerted the world to this and everyone agrees that this is the best obituary the NYTimes has recently published.

Read for the details.

http://www.nytimes.com/2015/01/31/arts/bernice-gordon-who-toyed-with-words-dies-at-101.html?smid=nytcore-iphone-share&smprod=nytcore-iphone&_r=0&gwh=45DA6A518A8F596624F66E12CE8D2D48&gwt=pay&assetType=nyt_now, http://boston.eater.com/2015/1/29/7945237/from-spaghetti-emporium-to-spinnaker-and-way-beyond-how-many-of-these

The Classics Week Long Lost Lamented Restaurant Power Hour continues with a big dose of nostalgia, courtesy of Merry White and Gus Rancatore.

When the question of shuttered classic restaurants was posed, food anthropologist Merry White and Toscanini's Gus Rancatore collectively combed through their memories and sent over a jam-packed list of places they recall from the good old days. ("Nostalgia is not always tasty," noted White, before diving in.) How many of these do you remember?

First, the "Rich Uncle" places. "We only went if a rich uncle were treating," said White.

Locke-Ober ("But if you were a girl, you couldn't sit in the main room because of the nude over the bar.")
Joseph's, which became Radius
Anthony's
Jimmy's Harborside

Next, the "early ethnic" restaurants.
Joyce Chen, first established on Memorial Drive, and then Chen's Small Eating Place on Massachusetts Avenue
Osaka at Fresh Pond, where the waitresses wore motherly kimono (actually yukata)
Peking on the Mystic in Medford, then Peking on Fresh Pond, which became Tokyo, now closed ("where I once witnessed a hefty manager mauling a grad student customer by throwing him repeatedly against the wall”)

And delving into different territory.
Dodin-Bouffant, over Shreve's on Boylston Street
Allegro
Jack and Marion's, "where the menu needed easels."
Spinnaker, the rotating restaurant on top of the Hyatt

"Waaaay back in Harvard Square."
Chez Dreyfus (Jewish/Algerian/French), located on Church Street
Spaghetti Emporium, where "the halls were lined with framed stills from the movie about the spaghetti harvest!" (John Harvard Brew House is now located here.)
Hayes Bickford; Waldorf with Buddy's Steak Pit — "where nice old ladies on fixed incomes went to the counter to get Welsh 'Rabbit'"
Albiani's — an all-night cafe, "very brightly lit and sketchy." (The Harvard Trust is there now.)
Elsie's Roast Beef — There was a special with ham on cissel. "With pinball and games called the 'Manter Hall Gym' for the remedial prep school that was upstairs."
Underdog, located on Arrow Street, for good dogs. "They had a dog called Blasphemy with cheese and bacon (I wonder whose blasphemy? They weren't Jewish.)"
Zum Zum, another hot dog joint, located on the corner of Palmer and Brattle. St. Clair's, "a very ladylike lunch place," was there before.
Young and Yee (and previously Young Lee's) on Church Street for egg foo young, et al.
C'est Si Bon on Boylston, now JFK Street. "I was a waitress there when I was an undergraduate and the nice lady gave me all the cream-filled pastries at the end of the day because they couldn't keep them over. Where I got my Freshman 15."
La Ruche Pizza, opposite the end of the Lampoon building. Previously, it was Cafe Mozart, "where in the day I loved listening and learning how to be a beat by watching the black turtlenecks. I carried a copy of Howl, or a copy of The Communist Manifesto, and a pack of Balkan Sobranies in case anyone asked for a cig. I didn't smoke. I was young."
Wursthaus — not German, owned by Cardullo's.
Autre Chose — "So good." Located under Cafe Sushi.
"Moving up Massachusetts Avenue in the direction of Siberia, aka Porter Square."
Chez Jean became Chez Henri, now soon to become Shepard
Acropolis, "where law students plotted their rich futures over bland food."
Harvard House of Pizza
Midget Deli — "The only Jewish deli in Cambridge, but not that great.”

Central Square
How the neighborhood has changed.  The last remaining candy factory still imparts a sweetness but now the huge NECCO factory is a drug company’s headquarters.  The square was once full of Szechuan restaurants.  Then it was full of Indian restaurants, now it is in permanent flux.
Panache — Bruce Frankel started this, then reconceptualized it as something more casual.  It became 798 Main.  Bruce left and it became Anago, which then went to the Lenox Hotel before Bob Calderone and Susan Finegold moved to the Cape and opened the  Barnstable Tavern. It was named for the Japanese eel (also the name of the owner's dog).
Colleen's Chinese  A Chinese restaurant with an Irish name and a vivacious owner.  It became the Royal East until being renamed and evolving into a Singapore-Malaysian spot.
Thailand Cafe — More known for its Szechuan cuisine than its Thai.
La Groceria was an Italian restaurant that sounded like a bodega.  Perhaps everyone’s first restaurant if you excluded burgers and pizza joints.  
Al’s Lunch was Henry Santoro’s joyous sandwich shop that was replaced by Cinderella’s.

Out in the Suburbs
Hartwell Farms, "with family tables where the kids had a lot of bread and the relish tray appeared immediately."
Wayside Inn, Sudbury, Today's meeting of the IgNobels was in part a focus group tasting two new flavors: Kaya and French Custard.

The Kaya or Chaya is a coconut jam or coconut curd from Singapore.  We tasted a half pint of the original and then we tried the third attempt at creating a Kaya or Chaya ice cream.  We also sampled French Custard which is French Vanilla without vanilla or Sweet Cream with an egg custard base.  Both flavors received positive feedback., The February 2015 issue of @bostonmagazine is all about sandwiches.  And our ice cream brioche is included.  I think this sandwich thing has the possibility to become as important as Texas Monthly's BBQ issue.  First I thought our regional peculiarity would be pizza  but maybe the New England variations on hand food will get Guy Fieri to visit.   In an informal poll of our sandwich-eating staff we recommend

1.  The $3 sandwiches at Star Market.  The value champ.

2.  Banh mi sandwiches almost anywhere with a weakness for the place on Washington St where the Pagoda theater was once located, Dorchester Avenue and the extrapolation you can get at Strip T's in Watertown.

3.  Breakfast burrito at Darwin's.

4.  Bacon sandwich at Flour.  Eat with one of their better pop tarts.

5.  Crazy breakfast sandwich at Ames St. Deli.  Then return at lunch for rabbit sandwich.  Some think these sandwiches are too small.  I think they're just right.

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/article/2015/01/29/best-sandwiches-in-boston/4/, On Wednesday I made a huge quantity of Chaya/Kaya and then set about using it to make small prototype batches of ice cream.  Just freezing the Kaya/Chaya resulted is an unctuous, viscous frozen question mark.  Version 2 was made with the coconut jam and cream.  It still was too sweet and excessive in mouth feel.  Today we're going to make at least two more versions.  Chaya/Kaya3.0 will be made with milk instead of cream. 

Chaya/Kaya recipes usually call for pandan leaves, which are not terribly common in Massachusetts in January.  During the snowstorm we made a very good jam with Fenugreek.  Yesterday's oversized batch used bay leaves, an ingredient that we may be using too frequently this winter.  At the moment my main concern is texture.  Back to work.  I think of Lee Kwan Yew's many visions while making this flavor., Simon Schama's Scribble Scribble Scribble is a collection of occasional pieces.  The essay on English ice cream is good.  This book and its memoirs goes well with Tony Judt's The Memory Chalet.  Both write gracefully about small memories and their sometimes importance., I have a bet that the storm to end the world will not do so.  But we will close tonight, Monday Ja 26 at 9PM.  We will be closed on Tuesday, Ja 27 for Snowmeggedon.  We will try to reopen on We Ja 28., We use small Kitchenaid ice cream bowls to make prototypes.  There are two things wrong with these ice cream makers.  First they have a strange locking mechanism so that the paddle or dasher which scrapes the ice cream from the inner circumference of the bowl doesn't look like it fits and it often skips early in the freszing process.  Second, you can't pour the liquid into the bowl prior to turning on the machine.  It will freeze and nothing good will happen.  With increasing frustration but some confidence in this "Americn Brand since 1919" I ordered a third bowl.  

The new bowl has an improved but awkward looking piece which allows the mixer to turn the dasher.  But the instructions about how to assemble the ice cream maker utilize the smallest type face for the important "NOTE: Pouring batter into the freezer bowl before starting the mixer may cause the batter to freeze prematurely and lock the dasher."  This is on a strangely designed piece of shiny paper that looks like an old 45 rpm record.  I almost threw it away.  

The Kitchenaid makes very good ice cream despite these flaws., Big demonstration here in Lafayette Square "Black Lives Matter."  A spirited band from the Honk! Festival played a great version of Joe Zawinul's "Mercy Mercy Mercy.  The cops, in high visibility vests outnumbered  the demonstrators until a moment ago when a critical mass was reached and everyone moved down Main Street, taking a roundabout path to Cambridge's City Hall., Playing in the sunny kitchen on a sunny January Tuesday.  

Last night I made a custard base from the Coolhaus Ice Cream Book.  Rem Coolhaus is a one-joke idea based on the Dutch architect Rem Koolhaus.  The book tells a sweet story about starting a small ice cream business, similar to the story of Jeni's ice cream from Columbus, Ohio.  Small businesses can be very communitarian in origin and intention.  I like architecture more than most people but the company doesn't sustain the joke or interest in design.

The custard recipe is simple to make with few ingredients.  I added one step when I sieved the custard before chilling.  There is no flavoring in this.  

The recipe worked great.  It is very rich, but not -I think- too eggy or too sweet.   After freezing in a Kitchenaid ice cream attachment I decided to add some Burnt Toast bits to it.  God knows Burnt Toast tastes like burnt toast.  Bettina and I discussed adding brown butter or burnt butter but I think the next time I make this custard I will accent it with salt.  I will make it again.  This simple recipe works very well.

The recipe is on page 28. 

Ingredients include
2 cups whole milk
2 cups heavy cream
1.25 cups granulated sugar
8 large egg yolks.

1.  In a big saucepan combine the milk, cream and half the sugar.  Set over high heat and cook for 5 minutes.  I begin to hover when the pot starts to smoke.

2.  Meantime in a bowl whisk the egg yolks and the remaining sugar.  

3.  Pour 1/3 of the hot liquid into the egg yolks and sugar, and then pour the new mixture back into the saucepan with the rest of the milk and cream and sugar.

4.  Cook until the mixture thickens and coats a spatula to the point where you can inscribe your initials on the blade of the spatula.  Again,  I get nervous whenthe saucepan begins to smoke.  Using a thermometer would be more accurate but practice has made me confident.  

5.  Here I depart from the recipe.  Get a big bowl full of ice.  Place the small bowl used to whisk the eggs in the big bowl of ice.  Now pour the custard through a sieve into the small bowl which is sitting in the first ice bath you've made.  Stir and place the big ice bath containing the small bowl of custard in a fridge.  Cool.

Freeze as you like., Vaughn loves this guy. 

Michael Laiskonis on ice cream science.  http://luckypeach.com/opusculum-five-things-to-consider-about-ice-cream/, Mentioned in dispatches. 

Haley House in Dudley Square does all sorts of great things.  Today's Globe mentioned us while covering the Sweeter Life benefit that featured desserts from Flour Bakery, Sifted Cakes and Lee Napoli's Chocolee.  It is difficult to discuss Haley House without mentioning the charismatic Bing Broderick., I'm never sure about the name but I love the food and the sense of place created by Blayne and guests.  It sounds like a restaurant in coastal Maine.  

http://boston.eater.com/2015/1/16/7554123/east-by-northeast-five-years-in#4375318, When we opened we played too much Steely Dan and now we might play too much Bill Frisell.  We just love guitars.  Frisell can play Noise with capital letters or NPR music that sounds like the teachers' lounge.  He will be at Scullers on Friday, Ja 23, 2015.

http://www.bostonglobe.com/arts/music/2015/01/19/destination-out/oWXe1ue4CfmPbyvAInjPjM/story.html, Optimism in January.  If you're in the ice cream business.  

On Friday, everyone but our father drove down to Lantana's in Randolph to visit the Taylor of New England ice cream show.  Taylor sells all kinds of equipment for making all kinds of frozen desserts.  They make soft serve machines, shake machines, different kinds of ice cream machines including some that were custom-designed for Steve Herrell.  Events like this represent an indomitable regional spirit.  For people who sell ice cream these showcases are like the newspaper stories about the Red Sox packing up their bats and balls to head south for spring training.  We haven't a big snowstorm yet and bad weather can occur into April but there are a lot of people planning to sell cups and cones of Moose Track ice cream to barefoot people on vacation.

Along with the essential belief that the sunshine and summer people will return folks are optimistic for two reasons.  The free fall of gasoline prices has lowered the costs of many things including ingredients and supplies.  Even Massachusetts' increase in wage rates has not offset the ripple effect of lower fuel prices.  And more good news for New England ice cream stores has been delivered from China where economic problems are reducing Chinese purchases of American dairy products.  A series of Upton Sinclair-like scandals in China's dairy industry prompted that country to make huge purchases of American milk products, usually in the form of powdered milk.  Dairy prices in the US tend to rise and fall with the seasons but this year they look to be headed downward.  The clean-cut, fundamentally sunny members of the American ice cream community are not immune to schadenfreude related to another decline,  as the fortunes of competing frozen yogurt companies sour (hah hah).  

Our dairy Rosev attended the Taylor event, as did our other important vendor, Perkins Provisions.  The good people from Giffords ice cream in Maine came south to show off their modern new logo and discuss Bear Paws and Moose Tracks and other innovations in far northern New England ice cream.  We may still get to cross country ski along the Charles River but its time to wash those t shirts and be optimistic. 

Mimi and Joe pose in front of the Sacred Cake Cone.  Some scheme to replace the Sacred Cod atop the Mass. State House with this more relevant symbol of industry and happiness.  Outside the event future customers recovered from all the excitement., Marc Abrahams of the IgNobels knows everything and sent this.

http://artstyle.sfglobe.com/2014/12/22/western-spaghetti-is-a-short-film-created-from-common-household-items/?src=share_fb_new_30300, Friday night was Larry Flint and the Roads Scholars at Sally O'Brien's in Union Square:  Classic country, roots music, Bob Dylan and Ben E. King.  Good times and great music.  Larry and the band are there on the third Friday of every month. 

After the show we were walking the mean sidewalks of Laredo, uhh, no, Somerville Avenue when we ran into Aaron Cohen of the recently opened Gracie's ice cream.  Aaron was bundled up like Ivan Denisovich.  Briefly, because of the cold, we talked about ice cream and Aaron's trips to Austin Texas to attend bacon festivals.  Some guys have all the luck.  

Today is Sunday.  Its grey but warm.  Football tonight.  Tomorrow is ML King Day.  Its also Hot Dog Monday at Kirkland Tap and Trotter and Monday Night Tacos at Cuisine en Locale at 158 Highland Avenue in Somahville.

http://cuisineenlocale.com/event/mondaysupper/?instance_id=5502, Tomorrow night is music at Sally O'Brien's in Union Sq. Somahville.

"If it don’t move and it oughta, use WD-40. If it moves
and it shouldn’t, just use duct tape.  If a hammer don’t
fix it, then you’ve got yourself an electrical problem."
 Larry Flint
and the
Road Scholars
 
Friday January 16
6-9 pm
 
featuring
CHUCK PARRISH Guitar
KATHY BURKLY Drums
LARRY FLINT Bass
 
Sally O'Brien's
335 Somerville Ave
617-666-3589 
www.sallyobriensbar.com
 
"Time flies like an arrow...fruit flies like a banana...
but everyone loves good music and Sally O'Brien's,
the bar where nearly everybody knows their name.", Salvatore Malatesta and family visited from Melbourne, Australia where they run St. Ali.  They are in good hands looking for Judson and looking at a few universities., Yesterday's requests included Chocolate No. 3 from my dentist, Mexican Chocolate, Butter Chocolate Chip, Fluff and Wort.  We have  Mexican Chocolate, Chocolate No. 3 and Butter Chocolate Chip in the back, which we will get for you if its not crazy busy (Its January so we will probably not be too busy.).  Please ask nicely.  We will make Fluff today or tomorrow and we will drive to Cambridge Brewery to get wort so we'll be able to make that.  

Yesterday we made popcorn ice cream and after some scrounging I found Snowcaps in order to make Popcorn Snow Cap.  It was a suggestion from someone who hangs around hipster bars.  There's been too much consolidation in the candy biz so it was hard to find the Snow Caps.  When as a child I was watching every Tarzan movie ever made at the St. George Theater in Staten Island you could find Snow Caps on every corner, in fact you could find a lot of snow caps in any seat in the movie house.  Yesterday I first looked at Restaurant Depot and then I went to The Happiest Place on Earth, which is what Mimi calls the giant Market Basket in Chelsea.  They didn't have Snowcaps but they did have Nonpareils, which are Snowcaps on steroids.  Finally I found Snowcaps at a drugstore here in Central Square.  The combination of popcorn and snowcaps is winning.  We're scaling it up.  Our calligrapher, Bettina suggested popcorn with bacon and I bet that would work.  Somedays this is liek working at Bell Labs., Twice a month there are meetings to discuss the details of life here in Central Square, or Piazza Centrale as the more cosmopolitan call our wide part of Mass. Avenue.  People from Cambridge's Dept. of Public Works discuss graffiti removal, snow removal and street cleaning.  People from Cambridge's Police Dept. discuss law and order and criminal justice.  Our leader from the Central Square Business Association discusses the Charles River Festival, university graduations, Caribbean Festivals, schedule conflicts and newspaper articles that mislead.  There's a lot we don't discuss.  

Today the DPW guys discussed using microbes to unclog clots of cooking grease that obstruct pipes.  "We use bags of bugs." said a happy public worker.  They were also happy to discuss the non accumulation of snow the city has enjoyed so far.  

A surprise appearance by the immensely charming city engineer prompted applause.  In a yet to be announced future movie,  Adrian Dunbar will play the city engineer, a man of immense charm and charming, almost infinite knowledge.  He can predict when streets will be passable and when sewers will merge into subterranean channels and then flow to the sea.  Sadly it seems that patience will be required from those who hope to use Huron Avenue or Concord Avenue.

Everyone discussed the upcoming die-in, an event intended to end police violence against young black men, or maybe something different, either smaller or bigger, but the event will not focus on any deaths of police officers.  The dying will take place in Jill Rhone Park at the intersection of Main Street and Massachusetts Avenue.  The park is named after a late, beloved Cambridge police officer.  The event is being coordinated with all the police departments : Cambridge, MIT, Harvard, MBTA and State Police.  Numbers of demonstrators are expected to be large and grow larger as students return to Cambridge for the spring semester., They don't grow coffee on Cape Cod.  I have a raft of suggestions for marketing regional associations.  If all the cranberry bogs freeze over or dry up they will still not grow coffee on the Cape.  They do grow beach plums and deep tans and happy vacation memories., Fear of a black pint.  I think Breyer's ice cream started this years ago when they abandoned their green livery for Darth Vader black.  A criticism at the time was that Breyer's new look was too upscale for the segment they actually positioned their product to be in.    Here we have pints from Batch, Star's private label and Haagen Dazs gelato all looking identical.  I think we can do better., Know what this is?  Its the jury-rigged price gun used at Restaurant Depot to record prices and mark items that have been rung in.  Looks a little Buck Rogerish.  Lots of people have unique tools they sometimes devise and use., Tom Ehrenfeld never lets us forget The Great Molasses Explosion, a terrible but also terribly unusual disaster that happened in the North End in 1919.  We will have Ginger Snap Molasses.  We must never forget.

http://www.bostonglobe.com/metro/2015/01/14/nearly-century-later-new-insight-into-cause-great-molasses-flood/CNqLYc0T58kNo3MxP872iM/story.html?p1=Article_Trending_Most_Viewed, How our brother picks locations....congrats joe on the new store!, Its January.  Maybe this is a good time for the Ice Cream Hot Stove League to convene and discuss trends in the frozen desssert business.  Pretty soon we'll have to gas up the white trucks and head out to sell cones and popsicles.

http://fortune.com/2014/07/24/ice-cream-sales/

In recent years health-conscious Americans have turned away from the summertime classic in favor of frozen yogurt. Don’t count on the trend to last.


The phrase “American as apple pie” has never been quite right. The quintessential American dessert has long been the stuff that goes on top of that pie: ice cream. The frozen treat evokes timeless summer rituals—jumping through sprinklers, running barefoot on the lawn, chasing a truck down the street as it blares the same carnival-like chords (over and over and over again) through a loudspeaker. For an American child in summer, there is no more eagerly welcomed sound and sight than the ice cream man.

In the U.S. last year, people spent $13.7 billion on ice cream, not including restaurant sales. In any given two-week period, according to research by NPD Group, 40% of Americans will eat ice cream—that’s nearly as large a share as will drink coffee (47%).But for some time now, the iconic double-scoop cone has been facing a consumer frost. While the average American will consume ice cream a prodigious 28.5 times this year, according to NPD Group, that’s actually down 45% from the level a quarter-century ago. (In 1989 we gobbled down the stuff 41.3 times.)

Blame the country’s health-conscious consumers, industry analysts say. The sweet indulgence is taking its licks from a public that’s increasingly seeking lower-fat, lower-sugar treats—and topping the list, it would seem, is ice cream’s trendier, slimmer cousin, frozen yogurt.

In comparison with ice cream’s slow decline, froyo has been booming of late, with shops popping up on seemingly every other city street corner. At the end of last year, there were an estimated 2,582 frozen yogurt stores, according to IBISWorld. That’s more than twice the number (1,018) that existed in 2008. Sales, meanwhile, have soared an average of 21% a year over the same period vs. a virtual flatlining for ice cream.

“When you look at the growth happening within the industry, it’s all about frozen yogurt,” says Mary Chapman, Technomic’s director of product innovation. Witness the explosion of Red Mango, which opened its first U.S. store with just two flavors of frozen yogurt in 2007, and which reached store No. 300 this summer.

So does this mark a coup d’état in the icy dessert realm, you ask? Hardly. Indeed, we’ve been here before, and history does not bode well for poor froyo.

America got its first taste of the sweet iced bacterial cultures (at least in a mass-market food-service setting) in 1981 with TCBY. The soft-serve yogurt craze rose to its peak in 1992, says Harry Balzer, the food trend guru at NPD Group, and then steadily waned. (The number of TCBY stores has declined from some 2,800 outlets in the mid-1990s to about 650 today.)

MAC-ice-cream

Even at its height, though, froyo’s popularity never came close to ice cream’s (see chart). And the current boom in froyo sales numbers, says Balzer, is due more to rising populations and higher prices for frozen yogurt than it is to changing habits. All signs, in fact, point to a bubble: According to IBISWorld research, froyo sales in the U.S. will grow more slowly in the coming years, and by as early as 2019 begin to shrink. Says Technomic’s Chapman of the current froyo hype: “I’m actually surprised it has lasted as long as it has.”

Red Mango, for its part, isn’t waiting to find out. Last December the chain introduced new products, including sandwiches and snacks. “We were really surprised,” says Nicole Taub, a Red Mango franchise support manager, of the new products’ adoption rate. Within a few months yogurt made up less than half of some stores’ sales.

During one hour at the height of summer in a Red Mango shop in lower Manhattan, about a dozen people visited, but only one opted for frozen yogurt. Most ordered juice. (Sweet Green Zing juice, made with kale, apples, and celery, is the most popular nonyogurt item.) Thanks to all the new product offerings, the kitchen of the Red Mango shop now looks like a produce warehouse, with stacks of carrots and buckets of kale. “We’ve gotten really creative about storage,” says Taub of the expanded menu.

All this said, there is one big, sprawling silver lining for both froyo and ice cream, and that’s the market everywhere outside the U.S. Ice cream sales shot up 13% last year in Turkey, for instance, and 19% in Brazil, according to Euromonitor. Chinese consumers alone bought $5.4 billion of ice cream in 2013—a remarkable and fast-growing share of what today is a $77.3 billion global business.

So even if America’s summer classic is taking it on the chin at home, it’s comforting to know that “à la mode” is still in style overseas.

This story is from the August 11, 2014 issue of Fortune., Thursday and then Friday

Yesterday Willy was sick so I was moved into the driver position.  First I drove to Harvard Square and delivered 80 cups of Tiramisu to Cambridge 1, my favorite very thin crust pizzeria and the one with the most romantic view of a burial ground.  Then over to JFK Street to deliver ice cream to Wagamama.  Everyone was listening to Latin music and when I asked if the music was Mexican the sous chef gave me a suspicious look but I was just curious about the country of origin should I run into Marco Wurman.  Then I delivered pints to Formaggio South End.  After another short drive I circled Quincy Market until I found a possible parking space.  We make ice cream for all the Wagamama restaurants.  Then I picked up my Dad and took him with me to deliver ice cream and ride through the cold city in a warm car.  He had not enjoyed lunch and was very hungry for something good.  The sudden temperatures had frozen the Charles to an even pewter color.  We had to bring a lot of ice cream to Il Casale in Belmont Center.  Dante Magheris owns Ristorante Dante in the Sonesta Hotel in Cambridge as well as Il Casale and recently opened Cucina Campagna in Lexington Center near our brother’s second Rancatore’s ice cream store.  Dante himself was in the kitchen, casually dressed in a grey hooded sweatshirt and jlight jacket.  I asked when Il Casale opened and he said if we were hungry we could eat at the bar.  I thanked him and explained that my Dad was very hungry.  Il Casale is famous for home-made pasta.  A tall, handsome waiter suggested the tagliatelle Bolognese for my Dad, and the tomato and basil pasta for me.  Then he suggested a wonderful wine which we split.  My father sat happily on the banquette and looked immensely pleased with his situation.  “It may be rainy and cold somewhere,” he said, “ but this is wonderful.”

He talked about his mother’s cooking.  She was able to cook American dishes as well as Italian food because she had worked outside the house.  His father was also a good cook.  The conversation wandered back to New York City when my father would make made-to-measure outfits for headwaiters at famous restaurants.  They were difficult and demanding customers but the relationship facilitated getting tables.  He explained how the headwaiters could make a great deal of additional income by selling jobs to waiters.  If my father stayed overnight at a hotel he would eat breakfast in the kitchen with the cooks.

We finished an early dinner by 430PM as the staff was eating family meal.  I thanked Dante and the waiter, “Sometimes a meal is much more than just a meal.”  

Friday

Friday was the opening of Whole Foods' newest market, which might be described as being in in Boston's South End,  but that can also prompt a discussion of neighborhood boundaries and names.  Back in August, 2012, Chris Marshall wrote an article about the now-vanished New York Streets neighborhood.  

http://www.bostonglobe.com/ideas/2012/08/18/boston-vanished-new-york-streets/EVxSqBnv9ups9yO5Q6MhTP/story.html  

For some this store in in the South End and for others it is near Chinatown.  Location theory in Boston is an ongoing debate. 

Until the opening of this new Whole Foods the biggest market in whatever neighborhood we are in was Ming's Market.  Ming's is a personal favorite, part of the spillover of Chinatown across the Mass. Pike.  Ming's is full of immigrants who do not study at the Media Lab.  One friend described Ming's as being like a zoo with lots of live animals and fish, except you can kill them and take them home to eat.  On one early Sunday morning I ran into Gordon Hamersley who was shopping for something  that was by mainstream standards both unusual and inexpensive.  Ming's employees often seemed to be eating.  Another friend thought that for workers the best thing about Ming's was the opportunity to eat things difficult to obtain in America.  That day I was fruitlessly searching the aisles looking for something when I decided to try my night school Chinese.  I approached two women workers and said "hello" in Mandarin, a phrase that I still feel confident about occasionally saying correctly.  Their eyes widened and they raced away.  I continued to wander until I found a customer from MIT who agreed to translate for me.  Together we eventually found banana ketchup.  We never made an ice cream with that ingredient.  Many people in this neighborhood seem intent on achieving food security by growing amazing quantities of amazing things in the beautiful community garden that runs along East Berkeley Street..  

Whole Foods is part of a development built where The Boston Herald American and Boston Herald were published.  George Kimball and Eliot Norton are gone from the precinct, replaced by magazines with cover stories about Whole Foods icon, Moby.

We sell ice cream at many Whole Foods and visit any Whole Foods we come near.  Like many multiple unit businesses they vary more than people would guess.  And if you regularly shop at Whole Foods or sell ice cream to the company you acquire acquaintances who pop up in different locations,  like high school classmates or people from a demonstration where many arrests were made.  We sold pints to the Whole Foods in Portland, Maine.  On my first delivery there I found a worker who I had seen daily at the small store on Prospect St. in Cambridge.  At the 14th Street store in lower Manhattan I found a woman who had also worked in Cambridge and eaten a lot of ice cream at our store in Central Square.    The woman who runs the Whole Kids Foundation first worked at Amy's Ice Cream in Austin, Texas.  The foundation works with primary schools to encourage gardening and good eating.   While we were talking about Texas and the giant Whole Foods mothership at Sixth and Lamar we were interrupted by other familiar faces.

The new development that includes the Whole Foods is known as the Ink Block and is part of a slow transformation of this Boston district that accelerated with the removal of the elevated Orange Line.  The Pine Street Inn remains with its Italianate tower built for what was then the Fire Dept. headquarters.   It is a replica not of Florence's Palazzao Vecchio but of  the Torre del Mangia in Siena.   Which literally means The Tower of the Eater and refers to the bell ringer, who like the workers at Ming's Market ate a lot. 













Today, if we like a customer then we call him or her "a crushtomer."  If they like us we call them "stalkers" which is a cheap joke having nothing to do with the actual persons.  There is always a lot going on when you're serving ice cream., Dept of Chocolate Clarity:  Chocolate Sluggo is one of the very few flavors named after anyone.  Paul Slovenski was a coach at MIT when he approached us to name a flavor after him.  I found myself talking with an intense, compact force of nature.  "What's your name?" I asked.  "Sluggo" he said.  And I knew what the flavor was.  

Chocolate Sluggo is made with Cocoa Pudding and Belgian Chocolate, our darkest and our mildest chocolate ice creams, a ribbon of fudge, cookies, almonds and chocolate chips.  

Roxbury Puddingstone is basically a Rocky Road flavor, named after the common stone found in Boston parks and used to build many important buildings.  Roxbury Puddingstone is made of the dark Cocoa Pudding ice cream with chocolate chips, cookie dough and cherries.

There., Lisa Rosman, NYC film critic,  is famous for liking Lemon Espresso ice cream.  In 2014 she also liked Tracks, Selma, Ida, Love is Strange, Boyhood, Interstellar, Force Majeure, The Babadook, Inherent Vice, The Homesman., Elvis had his jump suits.  Scott Ambrose Reilly has his Santa Suit.  The last time Scott performed at The Middle East my cousin left the country and returned to Rome.  

Scott is a digital music oracle and knows a lot about Pokemon.  He is enthused about our Bay Leaf flavor.  Bay Leaf is the name of a Pokemon character.

He holds the record for most days in a row eating a banana split.  We don't sell banana spits anymore.  But when we did Scott would arrive at Toscanini's with his own banana and wave it to the befuddled masses, "I'm back and I have my banana!"

He almost died in a Gumball Rally-like attempt to take ice cream to California.  The car was destroyed. Scott lives.

Scott will be appearing in the Disney on Ice version of Rare Exports.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q0PPIRK13NI, Last night was an improbable mixture that began with Ethiopian food at Fasiki on East Broadway in rapidly changing Somerville, with visiting Italians, the youngest of whom loves Ethiopian food but is unfamiliar with the two nations' history.  Then we walked across the street to get coffee and dessert at Las Brasa, where our favorite barista, Judson Macrae is in charge of the end of meals.  Judson is off in new directions making completely refreshing espresso and tonic water drinks and also a sweet capuccino  Sweet coffee drinks are usually left to Starbucks but Judson's new drink is very much a dessert,  but measured in its sweetness and balanced by a dusting of salt.  There was also a flan that was so good we ordered a second, abandoning new year's resolutions in the first week., The Brattle has a festival of Studio Ghibli animations/cartoons.  Some of these are among my favorite movies of any kind, especially My Neighbor Totoro.  The newest movie, Tale of Princess Kaguya is amazing and not by Miyakzaki, but the other co-founder of Studio Ghibli, Isao Takahata.  A few of the older Miyazaki movies, like other fairy tales, contain dark ideas  that may disturb older adults.

http://www.brattlefilm.org/category/calendar-2/#.VKnNZsAOA, Working away on new flavors on a wet Sunday afternoon.  Salty Honey.  Miso -again.  More.  Suggestions welcome.  Right now we're working on flavors without inclusions (no chips or cookies) and the flavors are basically white.  Yesterday we made Turkish Taffy and Vanilla Bay Leaf and a first version of new Miso.  Much of this was inspired by a trip out to South River Miso in Conway, Mass.  A very interesting operation in a pretty place not far from the Williamstown-North Adams museum cluster., Greater Syria includes Eretz Israel and vice versa so its fair for Greater Central Square to take pride in awards to 
State Park in Kendall Sq.
The Rosebud in dear old Davis Sq.
The Abbey near Fauborg Porter
Las Brasa in East Somahville
Alden and Harlow in H2

H Mart and Viale and Rendezvous are actually in Central.

All are in the Globe's 2014 Restaurant Awards Winners

http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2014/12/30/boston-restaurant-awards/6olt7ddskxIKNVrK85BTmL/story.html, A very good Globe food section includes a piece on the Diesel ladies and their new bakery:  Forge is midway between Diesel in Davis Sq. and Bloc 11 in Union Sq.   Jen and Tucker met at Herrell's in Harvard Square and later worked here before heading for Somahville.  Herrell's had a bank vault where you could sit, safe from your enemies, as does Bloc 11 and Flora in Arlington.  When all those ATM's are replaced by mobile apps there will be a lot of small spaces for clever retailers.

http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2014/12/30/two-thriving-somerville-cafes-and-now-third/YfVJC9f17iXCDtAY2d2ksK/story.html?comments=all&sort=HIGHEST_RATING, Mimi and Lisa both loved Mid Summer at Chelsea's Apollinaire Theater Company.  

http://www.apollinairetheatre.com/productions/productions.html, We close today at 8PM.  Simeone the tailor on Bishop Allen will close at 4PM.  We and he are closed tomorrow.  On January 2 we reopen at 9AM.  Happy New Year., Here's the best annual report/Christmas letter sent by a business.

To our partners, friends, and family,

2014 is wrapping up, and we're getting a little sentimental. We started Ministry of Supply three years ago with the intention of transforming an industry that desperately needed a wake-up call. Our expectations were high, but they pale in comparison to the greater reality of the company we've become - which is a direct result of your support and truly a dream come true.

In looking back on the year, a few numbers come to mind that make us proud. The traditional metrics, yes - but there are other, greater indications that we’re on the right track. So we wanted to share a lighthearted recap of what’s easily qualified as our best year yet.

1 Big Brothers, Big Sisters programs sponsored through our Atlas for a Cause initiative.

4 Team retreats, including South by Southwest (in a rented RV) and a few chilly nights in cabins around New England.

12 Estimated pounds gained from Thai food, thanks to an office policy mandating a Thai takeout order every time it rains.

13 Miles of packaged products delivered. Stretched end to end, that's about a half marathon of gear.

115 Minutes that Amanda (you may know her as "Q") spends commuting to and from work every day, making hers the longest commute of everyone’s. Our team, an eclectic mix of engineers, athletes, designers, and much more, is remarkable - and the reason we look forward to coming to work everyday.

124 Total prototypes that we fit, adjusted, scrapped, and re-worked to arrive at the products we released this year.

500 Garments donated through our "1 In, 1 Out" Initiative.

85,000 Miles flown to ensure that our partner factories are maintaining exceptional ethical, capable, and service-oriented standards.

4.5 billion Steps taken in Atlas socks (this one required a few liberal assumptions, available on request).

This is all just to articulate two simple messages:

“Thanks.” We've been absolutely blown away by your support. Not just the purchases, but the hundreds of positive notes and emails that keep us fueled as we push forward. We're on a mission to carve out an entirely new category of clothing, and it’s a challenge beyond anything we expected; but the level of validation and excitement that comes from your bold, repeated support is almost overwhelming (in the best way possible).

“More to come…” It’s easy to look back and reminisce about a great year, but our sight is set on the future. 2015 will have many firsts: a few groundbreaking new products finishing development, new partners and paths in retail, and a refresh of our lab facilities and products. That said, we'll continue to operate the same way - with transparency, high ethical standards, a focus on quality and, most importantly, a thirst to transform clothing as we know it.

Thanks again and again for giving us this opportunity.  

Here's to 2015,
Aman & the Ministry of Supply team, A familiar customer is on the front page of today's Globe, in a photo accompanying a story on the rise of UMass. Lowell.  Julie Chen, assistant provost.  

http://www.bostonglobe.com/news/nation/2014/12/29/how-former-representative-marty-meehan-has-wired-washington-build-umass-lowell-research-expansion/ELIxoDaVW5gy6VcBZzesyO/story.html, When we opened we played too much Steely Dan.  Over the years different artists and genres have been too popular.  Right now it is probably heroic guitarist Bill Frisell.  He's coming to town on January 23 to play at Scullers., Allison Roth picked up a pint of Khulfee as part of a little-known feature of Obamacare., Years ago a friend who worked for Coca Cola told me that the drink most Americans like best is RC Cola, but that's when they're drinking soda in a "blind" tasting situation, which is not how you buy or enjoy soft drinks.  And then she said -triumphantly- Coke had hired the woman who formulated RC Cola.  She was giddy with the brilliance of American business.  And as a person who loved Billy Wilder's Coca Cola comedy,One Two Three, with Jimmy Cagney I was reassured that people in Atlanta were still smarter than everyone else.  But then why did Coke invent Coke Zero and Coke Blak.  And now there is Coke Life.  The packaging is great, if you recall Red Army field rations and Soviet consumer goods.  

Nope., We're open until 11PM.  We have a lot of the new flavors we've been making including Torrone (which tastes like an Italian candy, made with honey, almonds and orange), Happy Trails Mix (which is a trail mix flavor), Butterscotch Banana which is flavored with our Spicy Butterscotch sauce, Spicy Peanut Butter (which is another attempt to overcome the personal aversion some have towards peanut butter), Citrus Chocolate (which includes Grand Marnier for Francophile accent) Ginger Spice and a simple sounding but wonderful mashup of Strawberry and Banana.  Hiding in the back are other flavors inlcuding another version of Roxbury Puddingstone and Chocolate Oatmeal., Whoa.  Betsy and Bill Marden stopped by with 3 children.  Betsy worked during our very first year and was the industrious middle of a very successful Boston University women's crew.  I went to a party and ran into the parents of Peter and Anna Macewan.  Spent part of Christmas Eve reading Amanda Palmer's memoir.  Spalding Gray's first book was Sex and Death to the Age of 14.  Amanda has been patient.  She is older than that, but not by much.  Her book leaves out all the good parts about growing up in Lexington.  Holly Leith lives in Washington DC but stopped by with her Dad.  And future scooper Etta James Thornton-Gadd visited in order to familiarize herself with the flavors.  Liza Lopez and Scott McMullan showed up at sunset with the fabulous Sammantha and other Floridians.  Scott denied that I had seen him doing bicycle stunts on Boston Common and then he denied that he had ever jumped rocks in New York's Central Park.  Hah.

Marc Rios returned, from far away in the Far East., Norah Dooley, mother of American electricity, will be MassMouthing at Boston's Museum of Fine Arts.  Tomorrow, December 28.  http://massmouth.org/2014/12/pathos-bathos-norah-dooley-mfa-boston/, Julie Iovine of the Wall Street Journal names Williamstown's Clark Art Institute as one of the year's best buildings.  Designed by Tadao Ando.

Steven Holl designed Simmons Hall at MIT, or Little Richard Simmons Hall and is  praised in the same article for a building in Glasgow, one that has not been compared to an egg carton.

Karen Wilkin, also of the WSJ says two of the best art exhibitions were at the MFA:  the Goya show and the visiting Caravaggio paintings.  The photo of Cezanne's "Madame Cezanne in a Red Armchair" is actually at the MFA, although it illustrates a show at New York's Metropolitan., Plato on food and philosophy.  From The School of life.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3oFQ7koC30&utm_source=The+School+of+Life+Mailing+List&utm_campaign=cdce18e341-A_Gift_Guide_for_Do_ers12_6_2014&utm_medium=email&utm_term=0_ee13007971-cdce18e341-20627849, Vaughn unearths an article about authenticity and conspicuous consumption.  

http://www.macleans.ca/culture/how-did-authenticity-become-the-hot-new-status-symbol/, We're open until 11PM.  Flour is closed.  Central Bottle is open.  Cinderella's is open.  The MIT Museum is open until 5PM.  Dwelltime is open as was Hi Rise.  

We're working on Prosecco Sorbet for New Year's Eve and a Pear Cider Sorbet for country music lovers., Several people have sent news of how competitive the ice cream business can be on Cape Cod.

BOURNE, Mass. (AP) — The owner of a Cape Cod ice cream parlor has been charged for allegedly having his teenage employees vandalize a competitor in exchange for alcohol.

The Cape Cod Times reports that David Ariagno, owner of Lazy Sundaes Ice Cream in Bourne, was released on personal recognizance this week after pleading not guilty to charges including malicious or wanton damaging of property, malicious destruction of property and contributing to the delinquency of his workers.

Police started investigating six months ago after windows at Somerset Creamery were broken by rocks several times.

Police eventually traced the vandalism to three teens, who pointed the finger at their boss. The teens are charged with malicious destruction of property.

The phone at Lazy Sundaes, which is closed for the season, was out of service.

http://www.boston.com/news/local/massachusetts/2014/12/26/bourne-business-owner-facing-vandalism-charges/baPbf8dRkbcGPci6ViqZTJ/story.html?p1=Topofpage:sub_headline_2, Anthony is making ice cream.  We took Bettina's advice and made Brown Butter Nocciola.  Then we improvised Christmas Sorbet which we hope works as well as jazz.  We're working away on all sorts of thing including Black Sesame, Pomegrante Molasses Orange, the Chaya.... And we have to make more Italian Egg Nog and some kind of champagne sorbet before the year ends.

We're open until 11PM today.  Both Hi Rise's are closed.  Iggy's central bakery was open.  Bagelsaurus was so empty it might have been closed., Our neighbor Cinderella's is already closed.  Harvard Book Store is open until 7PM., A favorite Christmas image from a few years past.  Taken on a nearby street when the city seemed empty., null, Today is Christmas Eve and we close at 2PM.  We'll be closed all day on Christmas.  Buon Natale., Harvard's William James Hall is famous.  It is named for Henry James' Mycroft-like brother.  It has its own email domain.  Famously not very handsome despite being designed by Minoru Yamasaki, the man who built the World Trade Center towers.  And famous for secret floors, lab animals and rumored LSD experiments.  It also houses Boston's most enthusiastic eater of Mexican food.  I think his office is on one of the possible secret floors, where they keep lab animals and grad students.   I was listening to his most recent adventures while accompanied by a friend who is a court reporter.  Here is what he said,

"Rosticeria Cancun was in the middle of East Boston's Maverick Sq and closed a few years ago. They had six seats and a door frame and spoke no English and would sort of chuckle at my terrible Spanish. Taco Mex is a few doors down and has Colombian burritos with pork rind, plantains, and if you ask for it a boiled egg. Taco Loco has the best tacos in town and is in East Somerville on Broadway, practically underneath the 93 overpass. All of the people who run these restaurants are very nice.", Last year The Atlantic's Corby Kummer named Merry White's Cooking for Crowds one of the year's best food books.  That book had been reissued by Princeton University Press in a handsome new edition with bigger drawings by Ed Koren.  

This year the very authoritative Sprudge.com named White's Coffee Life in Japan as one of the year's best books.  Sprudge is the Aviation and Space Week of the coffee world, the very caffeinated counterpart to The National Dipper which people in the ice cream business read.  Coffee Life in Japan is published by University of California Press. 

http://sprudge.com/coffee-books-for-christmas-the-distinguished-holiday-gift-guide.html

Coffee Life in Japan has inspired an ongoing graphic novel by Robin Hoshino of Dublin and Kyoto.

http://huntandgather.ie/kyoto-through-coffee/
http://huntandgather.ie/kyoto-through-coffee-2-2/
http://huntandgather.ie/kyoto-through-coffee-3/
http://huntandgather.ie/kyoto-through-coffee-4-2/
http://huntandgather.ie/kyoto-through-coffee-5/
http://huntandgather.ie/kyoto-through-coffee-6/, Someone just called to ask how late our Lexington store is open.  We close at 11PM.  I'm not sure how late Rancatore's is open but tonight is a school night., A bunch of new flavors, all at once, as the year slows to its end. Tonight's a good time to wander around Piazza Centrale. 

1.  Banana Butterscotch has great mouthfeel and was made with a lot of the Spicy Butterscotch Sauce we usually offer as an alternative to fudge.  

2.  Strawberry Banana was made with the bananas that didn't become the above flavor.  The balance is good.  Neither flavor is riveting but the two work well.  I don't think this was a Bonomo turkish taffy flavor but it would be a good one.  

3.  Torrone tastes like the Italian candies but we got there in a different way.  Honey, orange, vanilla and almonds., Oh no.  Joe Cocker died.  He had two great albums growing out of his work with Leon Russell and Delaney and Bonnie, or perhaps it could be written that their music grew out of their work with him.  And late in his career he made Stingray with less abandon and more restraint including his definitive version of A Song for You.

http://www.allmusic.com/artist/joe-cocker-mn0000149515/biography, They might be flakes of artisanal salt landing on Craigie Street or Central Bottle.  A few flurries on this Sunday December 21.  We're open until 11PM.  We have a seasonal favorite:  Italian Egg Nog.  The flavor contains anisette, amaretto and Grand Marnier as well as orange zest, lemon zest and vanilla.   We also have Vanilla Saffron and Happy Trails Mix.  Mexican Chocolate was inspired by an Ibarra chocolate bar and contains chopped almonds as well as cinnamon.  

We also have a variety of Catherine Sherwood-designed t shirts for Christmas stockings and secret Santas., I was at Sally O's, hanging my head over a bottle of cheap beer while listening to Larry Flint and the Roads Scholars.  Two Harvard students, the kind once described as co-eds sat down while the band played "The Streets of Bakersfield".  "Toscanini's was responsible for one of the best moments of my life at Harvard."  I swallowed and resumed tracing Veritas in a puddle of beer foam.  I nodded encouragingly.  "I'm on the Harvard Sailing Team and every day I'd pedal to practice past Toscanini's.  One very hot day we were becalmed and the wind never arrived.  We were baking in the boats and finally someone suggested we go to Toscanini's for ice cream.  We did and it was great."  I'd heard similar stories, usually from people who work with Scanning Electron Microscopes.  The band had moved on to Dylan and "Just Like Tom Thumb Blues."

Yesterday Tim shuffled the deck and used ingredients from Italian Egg Nog to make a very good Torrone ice cream.  Today we hope to make Chocolate Oatmeal, which John Pitkin of the Mid Cambridge Neighborhood Association claims we made in the past., Hacking and hacking back at Keurig over K cup restrictions.  http://www.bostonglobe.com/business/2014/12/19/hacking-cups-latest-keurig-pod-people/AJoPnKbMkf8e7eAPKyjgmN/story.html, When you move to Boston you either spend too much time in Union Square, Allston or Somerville.  Both have lots of cheap food, sometimes good food.  Somerville, more than Allston has matured into a different dining scene. 

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2014/12/10/chefs-guide-eating-well-somerville/, Here are the 10,000 men of Harvard's Mariachi band.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mn8rVc9_cOI, Our customers.  Last year I found out about Harvard's Mariachi Band, which is quite excellent, thank you.  Today a customer was wearing a jacket for MIT's Bollywood Dance Team.  We must continue to nourish these people and groups.

https://www.facebook.com/MitMirchi, Mark Bittman is hilarious as straight man to young pup who may never have been in a kitchen except to open the refrigerator.

http://www.theatlantic.com/video/index/383874/how-to-cook-spaghetti-squash-and-why/, http://variety.com/2014/film/news/italian-actress-virna-lisi-dies-at-78-1201382484/, Awww.  Virna Lisi died.  
http://variety.com/2014/film/news/italian-actress-virna-lisi-dies-at-78-1201382484/, Went to the Central Sq. Post Office which had a line like one for Exit Visas in the old Soviet Union.  Yipes.

Down the street to the UPS store which was strangely empty.  it was like the scene in the western, "Its quiet.  Too quiet."  But before all hell broke loose I asked the staff if today, Monday December 15 would be as NPR said, their busiest day.

The answer from two workers, was quick and certain, "Nope."  "The busiest day of the year is when the students leave."  Now I think of that day in early June as being like sunset in Austin Texas when the bats take flight from beneath the bridge., New Media big foot Durjoy asked for Coconut Peanut Butter, rolling a jar of peanut butter in his mitt-like hand, equal parts menace and encouragement.  Anthony and Bettina combined to use the two ingredients plus some cayenne pepper.  We like it but will the New Media baron?

An old customer who used to jog from Draper Labs wrote to ask for a Dark Chocolate Coconut flavor, for a friend.  We wrote back with a few questions and will probably make this on Tuesday.

We're also working on Banana Butterscotch which Willy remembers that we made when he started working here. None of us do, but we think that ripe bananas will go well with the spicy butterscotch sauce we use as a topping.

Red Peppers will be roasted and combined with a red fruit.  The Coconut Avocado that David Lebovitz described was very good but we may be reaching the limits of our interest in coconut flavors.  This is like being an elf in Santa's workshop afterJeff Bezos takes over., This is like something from Highlights for Children.  What's different in these two photos?

Both photos show a pint of Batch Vanilla and another pint of Star Market's own Vanilla.  Both are pretty good.  The Star Market vanilla is made by Newport, Rhode Island's Cold Fusion but the graphic look and feel are comically similar.  The Batch cost a dollar more.  The Star Market pint was $4.99., Corby's list for Santa and the rest of us.  

http://www.theatlantic.com/entertainment/archive/2014/12/the-best-food-books-of-2014/383713/, New food words of 2014.  We'd also nominate Roxbury Puddingstone.


 http://www.bostonglobe.com/ideas/2014/12/14/hello-bahn-how-food-words-join-dictionary/cflJjdCrj2225FMVyyY4SK/story.html, New flavors here and abroad. 

A few weeks ago I was nursing a non-alcoholic cocktail at Back Bar, the perfect spot to meet a client with too many degrees and a few enemies.   The client thought that someone in the Tufts Philosophy Dept. was threatening her.  A waiter who looked like Elijah Cook Jr., or someone else I'd busted and sent to Stillwater came by with Caramel Popcorn and bits of Bacon.  I ate it and forgot many things including the differences between Continental philosophy and Analytical philosophy.

The people from Journeyman and Back Bar have two new places in Kendall Sq:  Ames St Deli and Study.  Today I had a Christmas tree marshmallow  that was some foraged Nordic ensemble and made me remember all the stuff I forgotten while eating the popcorn.  Mmmm.

Anthony reworked the Roxbury Puddingstone.  Now it's a chocolate ice cream containing chocolate chips, bits of cookie dough and cherries.  This is the best name ever for a New England ice cream.  Roxbury Puddingstone can be found all over eastern New England.  Buildings are made of it and outcroppings seen to be in every neighborhood park.  It is basically Nature's Rocky Road. 

And we still have Tim's Happy Trails Mix.  People walking the Appalachian Trail always enjoy this mix of honey and oatmeal, almonds and peanuts, chocolate chips and raisins.  Lewis and Clarke survived on it while opening REI's throughout the trans-Mississippi west., Tim came up with an unlikely new flavor inspired by Trail Mix, which I don't think inspires a lot of recipes.  We love this flavor which is honey and oatmeal and then the sort of thing you'd find in, well,  trail mix. Almonds and peanuts, chocolate chips and raisins.  We have a number of workers from former Soviet republics and a few from countries that might become Soviet republics.  This required some explanation.  "What is trail mix?"  "Why do rich Americans eat trail mix?"

We love to work on flavor names and right now this is called Happy Trails Mix, inspired in part by Roy Rogers and Dale Evans and also by the great Quicksilver Messenger Band., Social news.  

Last night the plotting pedestrians of Walk Boston met in Cambridgeport to discuss walking and other controversial practices.  

Tonight is the Central Sq. Business Association wingding at Workbar.  They'll be serving Guinness floats, some of which will contain Guinness ice cream.  This ends the year.  What a year and what a way to end any year.  Then off to Middle East Christmas Party when I get to pester Joseph about my band playing at better times.

Tomorrow at the Somerville Armory, which The Middle East controls as part of Greater Syria, there is a Cambridge Local First event, held in conjunction with the angry bees of the Sustainable Business Network.  We'll also be supplying ice cream there, including raspberry flavors. 

We have all had the MIT Glass Lab Sale.  But we still have more glassblowing this weekend, with demos on Sherman Street next to Jose's.  Including Carrie Gustafson.

And Scott Ambrose Reilly, who holds several store records for odd things will be performing one song -Once! at The Orchard's Christmas party on East 4th St.  The song is Suspicious Minds by Elvis and Scott will be wearing a Santa suit.  This Santa suit is more flattering than Elvis's clownish karate suits that he wore late in his career, usually on Hollywood Palace., China's internet czar, or censor, Lu Wei met with Mark Zuckerberg.  North Cambridge' internet czar, Jen Deaderick waited here at Toscanini's and finally left in exasperation to return to George St., On this rainy Tuesday the MIT Glass Lab Sale will go until 5PM.  http://glasslab.scripts.mit.edu/  There is no rain in the infinite corridor.

http://glasslab.scripts.mit.edu/, Former MBTA honcho Christopher McMullen visited from Montreal.  His aunt from Connecticut got her favorite flavor.    

The MIT Glass Lab sale is this Mon and Tue.   

MIT Glass Lab 2014 Holiday Sale: Monday, December 8, 10am-8pm; and Tuesday, December 9, 10am-5pm. 

Location: Lobby 10 on the MIT Campus (http://whereis.mit.edu/?go=10).

http://glasslab.scripts.mit.edu/holiday-and-mothers-day-sales/, We made Vanilla Tarragon which tastes fine but is as yet unfocused.  We made Ginger Spice which only tastes a little better than the first version which we made without fresh ginger.  The Burnt Orange is 0 for 2.  We need to cut back on the grilling of these poor oranges.  The second batch of  Vanilla Saffron was fine so today we will make a big batch.  We're also working on Trail Mix.  And we learned that some people are allergic to carrots.  Some of these people even have red hair.  A Harvard student from Cambodia wants Earl Grey.  We're working on something with apples, oranges and cider., Kriti has left the building.  

Tomorrow is pearl Harbor Day but one worker is planning to go see Hiroshima Mon Amour.  

The Japanese Pumpkin is called Kabocha in Japan, but not in Cambodia where the melon or gourd grows., Sometimes a big truck brings the milk.  Sometimes you go get it yourself.  

Yesterday we ran out of whole milk so we schlepped over to Star Market and bought some.  Today I was at Dwelltime when a worker came into the building with a few gallons of milk.  When I left to return to Toscanini's there was a Sysco tractor-trailer making a delivery.  Timing is important., Here's a photo of a display of red books that I saw when visiting the new Design Within Reach Store on Mass. Avenue, at the confusing intersection of Putnam, Mass. Ave., Mt. Auburn St. and Trowbridge St.  Some people call this Putnam Square.  For as long as I've lived in Boston this has been a very "design-conscious" neighborhood with several big architecture firms like Cambridge 7 and Stubbins and a changing assortment of stores selling modern furniture.  

Standing out in this pile of red jacketed books is Jen Lin-Liu's wonderful book on cooking and living in China, Serve the People.  Jen is married to Craig Simons who wrote another good book about China, The Devouring Dragon about the environmental consequences of China's growth., When I want to talk about rock and roll or rock or whatever I listen to my brother, or Tom Ehrenfeld or  Sal the Rock and Roll Mailman.  But some people like Greil Marcus who speaks at the MFA tonight.  Tom can be found at Hi Rise on Mass. Ave. and my brother Joe and Sal can be found at Rancatore's in Belmont.  

http://www.mfa.org/programs/lecture/the-history-of-rock-n-roll-in-ten-songs, The rundown on our flavors for the last day of this week, Fri De 5, 2014.  Japanese Pumpkin might be called Kabocha, its a Pumpkin from Japan, originally from Cambodia.  Haagen-Dazs sells this flavor in Japan.  We had a great version made with liquid nitrogen at Snow Picnic.  We often make pumpkin ice cream flavors with Butternut and Buttercup squash.  They taste like pumpkin, but better or at least different.  The first time we made this flavor we were curious about its reception.  The ice cream sold out in two days.  

Belgian Chocolate is our most popular chocolate.  French Vanilla is our default vanilla.  Belgian Chocolate and French Vanilla are geographically close and very sympathetic.  A good combination.  Cocoa Pudding is our darkest chocolate.

B3 is currently our most popular flavor.  Made with brown butter, brown sugar and brownies.  

If Toscanini's were located in Rhode Island we would only sell coffee ice cream or always sell coffee ice cream.  We make many coffee flavors and today we also have Lemon Espresso, beloved by NYC film critics and doctors.

Khulfee is our most popular South Asian flavor. The name is spelled in different ways but means "frozen dessert."  This simple version has cardamom in it and chopped almonds and pistachios.  Most Americans don't know what cardamom is but it also appears in English cookies and northern European baked good.  

Today we have Hydrox Cookie and Peanut Butter Hydrox Cookie.  Hydrox cookies were the original chocolate cream cookie.  We use them because they are always kosher and are never made with animal fats.  

Almost any flavors can plausibly have cookies in it.  And Nutella is another flavor that works well in combinations.  Nutella Banana is a surprise.  We also make Nutella Nocciola.  

Today we're working on Banana Grand Marnier and Vanilla Saffron., Boston Magazine notes that Yuengling ice cream is now widely available in Boston.  Yuengling, like Stroh's ice cream in Detroit, was the inadvertent result of Prohibition which forced breweries to seek new lines of business.  A dark period in the history of German Americans.  

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2014/12/03/yuengling-ice-cream-now-available-boston/, Vaughn sent this.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkaIoH6Um60  Try it at home., Winnie Yang worked at Toscanini's while attending MIT and working at Radius and tutoring boat people.  She still does many things, including these blog posts about things to eat. 

http://thatswhatyouthink.wordpress.com/2014/01/23/xs-or-how-the-christmas-cakes-stacked-up/#more-2998, We had an event at the store for fantasy superstar Greer Gilman, and her new book,"Exit Pursued by a Bear  I love this photo because it looks like a renaissance painting of Aristotle explaining something.  Puppeteer Dan Butterworth is seated at the left with one of his characters.  Entirely wonderful evening., Our marketing wonk Durjoy Ace just built this app-- vote for it if you're on Product Hunt.., Boston.eater.com notes the opening of brother Joe's newest store in Newtonville.

http://boston.eater.com/2014/12/1/7315217/rancatores-opens-newtonville, Today is December 1.  And tonight is First Monday at New England Conservatory.  Great music in a beautiful building., Department of Agriculture Beagles Department.  At the airport I worry more about the beagles deployed to catch smugglers of foodstuffs than I do about the German Shepherds nosing around after drugs and explosives.  I talked with US Customs about what people try to smuggle into Boston.  They said potatoes from Ireland were the most popular items.  The Wall St. Journal reports on Peruvians tying to smuggle in other potatoes at New York City airports.  Where will this end?

http://online.wsj.com/articles/at-jfk-airport-peruvian-potatoes-pack-a-peck-of-problems-1417126585, Christopher Kimball of Cooks Illustrated and Brookline Village talks.  http://thefederalist.com/2014/11/26/celebrating-bad-food-an-interview-with-christopher-kimball/, The fantasy always ends in New England.  Winter is coming., Today is the day after Thanksgiving which is a very good day to visit the MIT Museum and Toscanini's.

https://newsoffice.mit.edu/2014/mit-museum-hosts-17th-annual-friday-after-thanksgiving-fat-chain-reaction-1125, Open City is at the Brattle.  A new print at 7PM and 915PM.

http://www.bostonglobe.com/arts/movies/2014/11/27/rome-open-city-opened-screen-realism/tS8k6DYsYyaix67Mrm3OYI/story.html, We're open.  Charlie Brown Christmas is playing.  New Catherine Please t shirt, big poster for big exhibition about Magazine Beach.  ESPN roundup on Thursday is that most people and most families survived., Had a wonderful family celebration of Thanksgiving in Groton, Mass.  Gibbet Hill Grill. know how to get there from Central Square but got Google directions from another starting point.  Strange directions with at least a few inaccuracies.  When I got to the restaurant I saw a friend from the Ig Nobels who works at Google but decided it was impolite to complain.  Or even inquire.  The meal was very good, so was the Corn ice cream.  We drove back a different route.

The Brattle is showing The Wizard of Oz today.  7PM.  915PM.
http://www.brattlefilm.org/2014/11/27/the-wizard-of-oz-4/#.VHentpPF_Ac, taken turkey gravy to the next level!, Devra First -and I- are thankful for Alden & Harlow's vegetable dishes, small plates at Sarma, Las Brasas...  http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2014/11/25/boston-area-dishes-thankful-for-top-tastes-from/VGiriQLUP4Ad0was1FvCUI/story.html, This holiday weekend you could spend every day at the Brattle: Mr. Smith Goes to Washington on Wednesday and Destry Rides Again.  Thursday is the Wizard of Oz on a big screen with popcorn and beer.  Many of drank while watching this classic on a small television at home, but the size and variety of beers will alter the experience.  Then Rosellini's Open City on Friday.  

http://www.brattlefilm.org/2014/11/27/the-wizard-of-oz-4/#.VHYA45PF_Ad, Today is We No 26 and we're open until 11PM.  Tomorrow is Thanksgiving and I hope it is warm enough to go for a bike ride through an empty city.  On Friday we open an hour later than usual at 9AM.  We have lots of flavors appropriate for pies and people who hate pies, the Detroit Lions and the Dallas Cowboys and huge inflated balloons., Our intrepid EIR Durjoy Ace just created a new app!  Check it out.  Android coming in the next couple days.

(Wish for more ice cream!), We're open until 11PM.  We're closed on Thursday, Thanksgiving Day., Bettina, like Elvis, has left the building.  Only for Thanksgiving holidays, and not without completing a definitive series of turkey portraits.  Matisse had his cutouts and Bettina has her ice cream cakes.  Every day we have lots of cakes for sale., Odds and endings.  Today is the last Central Sq. State Fair or Farmers' Market of the year.  All those delicious foods are memories to be burnished until next spring.  There is a sad air at today's gathering of farmers and hungry Cambridge residents.  Despite the fact that people are picking up their turkeys for Thanksgiving gatherings. 

A week that includes Caramel Popcorn with Bacon, Sriracha macaroons and Japanese Pumpkin ice cream is pretty good. 

What happened to Harry and David?  I know their company and the town of Medford, Oregon got a Wall  St. thumping but where did the two flannel-shirted eccentrics go?  Did they follow Will Rogers and Wiley Post to that paradise in Alaska?  Their images have disappeared from the internet and company catalogues.  Will Harry and David be merged with Ben and Jerry's?  They have gone down Orwell's Memory Hole., Things to do instead of the Yale-Harvard football game.  

1.  Go to the MFA, which is full of good things.  Maybe the Goya show will not be so crowded.

2.  Walk along the river, or walk along the Emerald Necklace from the Fenway to Franklin Park.  Get out to South Boston and walk around Castle Island.

3.  Do some high end shopping at Drinkwater's in Porter Square or Bilzerian's on Newbury Street.  Buy bagels at Bagelsaurus when the line is short.  1796 Mass. Ave. near the Porter Sq. Red Line station.

4.  Visit Hi Rise at 1663 Mass. Ave. near Harvard Law School or Dwelltime at 364 Mass. Ave., halfway between Harvard and MIT.  Go to Voltage at 295 Third St. near the Kendall Red Line station.  All have good coffee.  So do we., Flavors that are not the color you expect.  Mint flavors as we make them are neither pink nor green.  Mouthwash is.  Years ago a customer complained after being told that we didn't use coloring in our ice creams that if all the mint ice cream in the US is green and ours isn't then we're wrong.

Orange Chocolate isn't orange in color.  Its a pale chocolate color and very good.  

We only make White Peach in August and September.  It is not white.

On the other hand Green Tea, Green Apple Sorbet and Basil are also green, and cheerfully so., Its cute they're calling it Clover Hi-Fi, which is the newest Clover located where Hi Fi Pizza once prospered.

Ayr Muir does the This Old House thing at the corner of Brookline and Mass. Avenue.  

http://boston.eater.com/2014/11/21/7260303/clover-central-square-video-construction, We have lots of cool people scooping very cold ice cream until 11PM.  Thank God It's Friday., Just came back from a wonderful session at MIT's Sloan School.  How often does anyone say that?  MIT's Sloan Design Works Finale did a series of case studies of local businesses including Veggie Galaxy, the Harvard Coop, Commonwealth.  The Designs Work was supervised by Continuum, the cool design firm once known as Design Continuum, inventor of The Pump sneaker.  Paolo Passeri and Jenny Wanger organized the teams.  

After the presentations there was a lot of food including amazing veggie reuben sandwiches from Veggie Galaxy and ice cream cups packed by Martin Hamilton and Andy Cox of the Toscanini's night shift.

We need to digest and decide on implementation.

http://www.mitsloandesignclub.com/events/2014/11/7/designworks-finale-where-did-design-thinking-bring-them, Fabio suggested Honey Parsley.  When someone named Fabio suggests something we do what he asks.  We're not sure about this flavor and await Neapolitan guidance.  The texture is very good.

We're also playing with recipes from the new Johnny Iuzzini coobook, Sugar Rush.  Blacberries are not in season but the first taste of Blackberry Vanilla is very good.  Its resting, as I wish I were.

Tim is working on Pecan Pie for the holidays.  Anthony is kettling, which has nothing to do with curling or bowling., Duke Guthrie, Duke of East Boston urges everyone to see "Point and Shoot", an award-winning documentary about an American who participates in the Arab Spring. 

http://pointandshootfilm.com/#watchtrailer 

Boston tickets are at
 https://www.movietickets.com/theater/hid/1631, The price of cocoa, which leads to price increases in chocolate is the smallest concern related to Ebola woes in west Africa.  Toscanini's follows commodity prices for coffee, sugar, milk and cocoa.  One of them always seems to be moving up or down.  Right now there are worries about adequate labor supplies in the Ivory Coast because of health fears.  Recently the economic consequences of Ebola have been downgraded as health measures show improvement.  According to Jack Barron, owner of Worcester's Primarque which supplies us and many fine restaurants with chocolates,"cocoa future prices have dropped.", Yale's football team visits Harvard this weekend but The Game will be in Bangor, Maine where MIT plays Husson.  http://newsoffice.mit.edu/2014/from-cancelled-to-champions-strange-history-mit-football-1119  Go Engineers!, I think I like Armenian string cheese more but here's where the mozzarella stuff came from.  http://www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive/2014/11/the-secret-life-of-string-cheese/383001/  Wiscosin, naturally., We've started packing up ice cream for people to take home for the holidays.  A lot of ice cream going to Long Island to complement a lot of pies., Today's sunset is at 418PM.  Uggh.  I feel like going to bed by 5PM.  This year's  earliest sunset in Boston is scheduled for December 8 and December 9 when the sun will give up at 411PM.  on December 10 sunset is at 412PM.  I'll break out my optimism on December 10., Maybe a name change is in order.  Made a second attempt to eat at Somerville's Moroccan Hospitality.  On the first visit they had closed early.  Last night the front door was locked and the young fourtop seated near the door smiled but didn't make any effort to tell staff or let us in.  

So after a few more u-turns we ended up at Back Bar in Union Square and had great drinks, caramel popcorn with bacon (which is a very good idea), umami-loaded eggplant sandwiches and a fine time.  

As we left the neighborhood a person said "This is the first time I have felt underdressed in Union Square."  We're not in Somerville anymore., Our friend and friends in faraway Texas can now be described with a new honorific, "Austintatious."

http://www.bizjournals.com/austin/blog/at-the-watercooler/2014/11/winner-declared-in-inaugural-abj-austintatious.html?ana=fbk, When Boston Magazine reported that the Pine Street Inn is housed in a building based on the Torre del Mangia in Siena, and not the Palazzo del Vecchio in Florence an uproar erupted here.  Eggplants were thrown.  Knuckles were chewed in displays of frustration and rage.  Did the name "Torre del Mangia" have anything to do with food, possibly even the Austin TX pizza chain.  

Mario is the Shell Answer Man and Parade Magazine's Lloyd Shearer wrapped in one stylish figure,  He wrote "The name "Mangia" was used as the nickname for the first bellringer of the tower, who was considered as a "Mangiaguadagli" (Eats of the salary) because of his vices, especially regarding food. 
So, indirectly, this is connected with food.:  But not with the pizzeria on Guadalupe across from Amy's Ice Creams., We just did a photo shoot for B Good with Matt Kalinowski and his assistant, George.  We make ice cream for B Good's shakes and there is a truck somewhere that is festooned with a photo that looks like Andre the Giant.  It is not Andre the Giant.  It is Gus the Median.

B Good publicizes the local suppliers who provide them with foodstuffs and ingredients., Corby Kummer has a great story on molecular food and the reaction to it, in the new issue of Technology Review.

http://www.technologyreview.com/photoessay/530936/fun-with-food/, Steve Johnson rows to shore in a Red Dory
Steve Johnson ran Central Square’s beloved Rendevous.  Man about New England David Winner of Leonard Stephen hair cutters says that Johnson’s newest place is ready to open in Tiverton RI.  
http://www.reddoryrestaurant.com/
There was a friends and family preview that suggested everything will be great.  Winner may have bicycled back and forth., At 6PM tonight, Joanne Chang will be interviewing Gabrielle Hamilton of Prune, who has a new cookbook.  At the Brattle which always has great beer and better popcorn.

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/property/blog/2014/11/13/throwback-thursday-mini-pilgrim-monument-south-end/?utm_source=iContact&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=Top%20Reads&utm_content=, Catherine Sherwood makes a new t shirt every month.  This is November's.  Photo by Alex Aroyan., Here is our flavor lineup for a cold, but sunny Tuesday on November 18 in Central Square.  We also have two wonderful sorbets that will be more appreciated next spring when the temperatures rise and sorbets have more interest to customers: Banana Orange and Redberry.  

Sorbets are very hard to make.  Tim made these.  Delicious.

We also have French Vanilla and Belgian Chocolate and Strawberry.  B3 has been our most popular flavor for months.  

Ginger Snap Molasses began life as Ginger Molasses and we wanted to play with both the name and the texture so we added "Snaps."  Ginger Snaps.  

Burnt Caramel was a famous accident.

Blueberry Lemon was an attempt to deal with a Required New England Flavor in a new way.  Instead of a little citrus we balanced the ice cream so that it is almost half Blueberry and half Lemon.

Cocoa Pudding is our darkest chocolate flavor.  

Nocciola is the single flavor we think should be more popular but isn't.  

Once upon a time Thin Mints were Girl Scout Cookies but now that women can go to law school in equal numbers they are just Thin MInts lest we violate licensing agreements.

Chicory is a substitute for coffee that is used to enrich both Vietnamese Coffee and New Orleans-style coffee.   We make several coffee flavors and Espresso is the strongest.  

Creamsicle is a combination of orange and vanilla.  In some parts of the US a Creamsicle bar is called a 50/50., Maps!  I love 'em and so do a lot of other people.  I think people like MBTA maps largely out of wistful thinking.  Wouldn't it be great if you could directly go from Central Sq, Cambridge. to Chelsea?  Or reach Waltham in a somewhat direct fashion.

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/news/blog/2014/11/11/mbta-maps-maxwell-roberts-redesign/?utm_source=iContact&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=Top%20Reads&utm_content=, Making Chocolate Peanut Butter, another Basil for MC Spiedo and attempting to hurry the ripening of bananas for several flavors.  Fabio suggested Honey Parsley but I have doubts about this idea., The movie, Interstellar sounds like a mashup of Eric Frank Russell's The Great Explosion and Heinlein's Time for the Stars when twins are separated by interstellar travel., The Sunday morning line at Bagelsaurus.

"Sherman, set the Wayback machine for Steve's Ice Cream in 1973 Somerville."  Cambridge's Bagelsaurus marks a return to those long ago days of waiting in line, or online (depending on your city of orgin) for hungry Bostonians.  When I moved here I was struck by the number of establishments that required long lines before gaining access and I decided it was related to the now long-gone registration processes of colleges and universities.  Bostonians registered for classes twice a year and didn't mind waiting for ice cream at Steve's or pizza at Regina's.

Bagelsaurus opens at 8AM on weekends and after 35 minutes I had very good bagels,one of which I ate in the car on my way to share this treasure.  As an alternative you can skip the line and take a chance on a grab bag of staff-selected donuts, which you can only buy for cash.  One woman returned to the sidewalk after getting her grab bag and filled with the entrepeneurial spirit of the age considered reselling bagels to people still waiting in the cold.  There will soon be an Uber app to fufill this.

The bagels had chew and crust.  They are delicious., Tony Maws switches breakfast around.  This might mean no more doughnuts without a trip to Kirkland St.

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2014/11/14/tony-maws-implementing-big-changes-craigie-on-main-kirkland-tap-trotter/, Our neighbor Tony Maws on root vegetables.  Miso and butter on sweet potatoes!  Yum.

http://online.wsj.com/articles/ways-to-make-fall-vegetables-more-exciting-1415819400, The Brattle hosts the International Pancake Film Festival.  Pancakes will be served.  830PM tonight, Thursday No 13.  As always beer and popcorn, both of which go well with pancakes.  

http://www.brattlefilm.org/2014/11/13/the-international-pancake-film-festival-2014/#.VGVBjpPF_Ac, Amanda Palmer worked here.  So did Eugene Mirman and Matt Henderson of Madball  and Josh Weinstein of JoshWeinstein.com  And so did Ace Salisbury who is kickstarting his science fiction web epic.

https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/aokfilms/everythings-ok-ten-years-after-fracking, We use  lots of egg and I find these assemblage endlessly interesting., Tomorrow, We No 12, 2014, from 630P>9P there will be an opening at Toscanini's for Harvey Halperin's latest and best exhibit of photos taken in and near Zion National Park.  Please come., Exhausted by Amanda Palmer Monday.  She is the answer to our energy problems.  

Last night Amanda Palmer arrived at Harvard's Lampoon Castle as Katy Perry left.  Amanda was there to celebrate publication of her autobiography, her husband Neil Gaiman's birthday, herself and her friends.  All of which happened.

There were scholars and street people, Danny Hilles who once ran Thinking Machines at the other end of Cambridge, tall tattooed women and hobbit-like chess players from in front of Au Bon Pain.  Robin Young of public radio glowed as did J.J. Gonson whose company Cuisine en Locale catered the event.  The first person I saw upon arrival was Sandra Aronson of Teaneck, NJ and Colombia.  Several large cakes were necessary and they came from Joanne Chang's Flour.  Midnight arrived two hours early when  everyone was aksed to leave the castle.  A parade ensued from Harvard Square to Porter Sq. books which hosted a midnight book signing.  The parade was honk-like, but with fewer accordions and kazoos.   Alex Aroyan, Colleen Barber and Martin Hamilton had packed Toscanini's ice cream cups for the event.  Porter Square Books planned for the book signing to last until 2AM.  Years ago the Paperback Booksmith in Brattle Square was open 24 hours a day.  In any case I was asleep before midnight., Tony and Alex are working on Banana Sorbet, which is simple and simply wonderful., WMBR is MIT's great radio station.  And we donated ice cream for their  fundraising elves.  WMBR has used nanotechnology to reduce its fundraising drive to one week, compared to some other stations., Stack Donuts is a popup bakery out of Barbara Lynch's Stir.  Today was the last day, starting at 10AM.  I should have arrived at 930AM because when I arrived at 10AM the line looked like it would take an hour and I imagined waiting to reach the front and discovering there were no more donuts.  Grrrr., Tried to see the opening movie at the MFA's Turkish Film Festival.  The MFA website was on the blink but that didn't discourage people.  The museum was jammed with people for the movie, First Friday and the Goya exhibit.  We got shut out of the Turkish movie but Lucia from Clover can give us a summary.  I had no idea that there were so many Turks in Boston.  They're all fabulous and studying and teaching at the universities.  

The museum's great interior space has terrible acoustics and the music seemed dated for the crowd of fabulous young people.  These fabulous people could have fit in with the fabulous people at theTurkish Film Festival.

A friend noted that in Boston any national-themed event like this attracts a  crowd of polished people so that every country seems like a collection of Prada-wearing overachievers.

The Goya show was large and excellent.  Here is Sebastian Smee's review in the Globe.

http://www.bostonglobe.com/arts/2014/10/16/extraordinary-mfa-exhibit-shows-goya-full/NqcxnfZAaMRVFduarIvBdI/story.html

and here is the NYTimes review.

http://www.nytimes.com/2014/10/17/arts/goya-order-and-disorder-at-museum-of-fine-arts-boston.html, The Gothamist is not afraid of the hard issues.  A discussion of paying $13 for a pint of ice cream.  Artisanal ice creams are definitely trying to get away from the idea that their prices for pints have to be related to the price a convenience stores charges a college student after midnight.  

http://gothamist.com/2014/07/24/the_best_13_pint_of_ice_cream_money.php, People in Newton must be at wit's end waiting for our brother to open his third Rancatore's ice cream store.  Rumors that today would be opening day have turned into rumors that Tuesday will be opening day., We're all getting ready to drive to Newtonville for the opening of Rancatore Ice Cream new store.  Our brother Joe has a store in Belmont Center and another in Lexington Center.  To be unpredictable he avoided Newton Center and went to the neighborhood with the supermarket suspended over the Turnpike.  We're visiting tomorrow on Friday morning.  Mimi has thought of a great gift., Doug Quint is the most famous person from Lewiston, Maine, and after taking over small parts of New York City he and his partner Bryan Petroff are off to Philadelphia

In a typically funny and engaging interview with the Philadelphia Business Journal he discusses The Big Gay Ice Cream Truck's name and even its truck, as well as happy ice cream people.

http://www.bizjournals.com/philadelphia/news/2014/11/06/big-gay-ice-cream-on-why-its-expanding-in.html?utm_source=twitterfeed&utm_medium=twitter&utm_campaign=feed%3A+bizj_philadelphia+%28philadelphia+business+journal%29&ana=twt&page=all, Doug Quint is the most famous person from Lewiston, Maine, and after taking over small parts of New York City he and his partner Bryan Petroff are off to Philadelphia

In a typically funny and engaging interview with the Philadelphia Business Journal he discusses The Big Gay Ice Cream Truck's name and even its truck, as well as happy ice cream people.

http://www.bizjournals.com/philadelphia/news/2014/11/06/big-gay-ice-cream-on-why-its-expanding-in.html?utm_source=twitterfeed&utm_medium=twitter&utm_campaign=feed%3A+bizj_philadelphia+%28philadelphia+business+journal%29&ana=twt&page=all, Darwin's opened its new cafe next to University Stationary.  Viale opened where Rendezvous was located.  Everyone is waiting for Clover to open at the site of Hi Fi Pizza. 

Now there is word of Naco Tacos oepning where Lotte market once sold Korean groceries.

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2014/10/30/chef-michael-scelfo-opening-taqueria-cambridge/

Central Sq. is a busy place., Eater.com points to Corby Kummer's story about Mayor Menino and food.  Follow through to the BU video where the two go out for a Greek meal and Corby somewhat grudgingly drinks a Greek frappe.

http://boston.eater.com/2014/11/3/7149567/corby-kummer-looks-back-on-tom-meninos-food-initiatives, Here's a reason why Japan may be the most lovable country.  Corky and I took a train to Nara, inevitably described as the ancient imperial capital.  We got off the train and were confronted with a phalanx of uniformed personnel herding two mascots, or comic characters.  Its hard for me to identify Japanese police because the country has a lot of people in uniform but few people blustering about like American cops.  My first thought was that the mascots had been arrested for something.  Read Joseph Wambaugh's books on Hollywood cops.  But these people were stretching a banner in front of themselves so I eventually decided that it was just a celebration.  The big bird is the Shinkansen's symbol:  a platypus because of the bullet train's distinctive snout.  And later I learned that the other character is a deer, which Buddhists believe is a messenger of the gods,  After deciding that nothing worthy of the evening news was going to unfold we left the station for the temple grounds which houses a gigantic Buddha, various protective warriors and hundreds of tame deer being petted and fed by thousands of Japanese schoolchildren.  I would rather be a Shinkasen platypus than a Tokyo Disneyland character., I love Maine.  Everyone loves Maine.  

Politico has a wry piece about the surprising re-election of Governor Le Page.  Author Colin Wooodard notes that the state economy has been depressed for 150 years.  

"Then there’s the unusually high turnout yesterday—perhaps as high as 60 percent—which benefited the governor. This may have been prompted by a pressing public policy issue: whether Mainers should be prevented from feeding donuts to bears. A campaign to ban the practice of baiting bears with pastries and other garbage—and then letting hunters shoot them—may have mobilized large numbers of rural voters who tend to appreciate hunting and the “plain spoken” LePage. (The ballot measure was defeated, by the way, by some five points—about the same as LePage’s margin of victory.)

Read more: http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2014/11/paul-lepage-craziest-governor-reelection-112583.html#ixzz3IEBfKS7H, New flavors:  drove out to Russo's to get Basil for M&C Spiedo, corn for Gibbet Hill Grill in Groton (Gibbet Niblets?).  Plus apples and mint.  Happy in the kitchen., Pumpkin Spice Latte?   @#$@ that.

Check out this video from @bgood.com about their INCREDIBLE REAL PUMPKIN milkshakes (made with our ice cream!), We only have just a few of our limited edition GLOW IN THE DARK t-shirts left.  All sold out of Smalls-- just a few Mediums and Larges left!!!

$15.  (Alex not included), Saturday started off with a lot of odd things but the best was the morning appearance of blogger Crystal Kong, trailed by a hip photographer who looked like a friend of Roy Choi.  Together they were visiting twenty-five of America's best ice cream stars.  We made the list.

http://instagram.com/p/uTEfNVQPFx/?modal=true, Trip Advisor ranked us #3 of restaurants in Cambridge.

http://www.tripadvisor.com/Restaurant_Review-g60890-d823839-Reviews-Toscanini_s_Ice_Cream-Cambridge_Massachusetts.html, Its Head of the Charles weekend.  The Friday before the races is my favorite day.  You can walk or bicycle up and down the river and get close to the rowers and the shells in a way that is impossible at almost any other sporting event.  

if you want to do something besides eat pancakes I recommend the MIT Flea Market on Saturday morning, sponsored by the MIT Radio Society.  Who knew they had a Radio Society.  The Flea starts at 9AM.

Here is Boston Magazine's last minute list of places to stay. 
http://www.bostonmagazine.com/property/blog/2014/10/16/four-rentals-ra/

I repeat my usual warning that Harvard Square may a good place to meet friends from high school but not generally a good place to eat.  Cambridge 1 on Church St. and Alden & Harlow on Brattle St. rebut that prejudice.  Tory Row is a very good bar with drinks and Rialto is always excellent.  The Beat Hotel is way cool.  

Lansdowne Street is where much of Boston goes to dance.  And if you want rock you will probably end up in Central Sq. at The Middle East or TT the Bear's.  

Rowers are famous for pancake breakfasts but I recommend Sofra at the corner of Mt. Auburn and Belmont St., near the Cambridge-Belmont line.  Healthy and interesting with some outside seating.

On Saturday afternoon Formaggio has hot dogs and other grillable items on their Huron Avenue sidewalk.  I'd go to more baseball games if the food was this good., Tonight is the first night of A Disappearing Number at the Central Sq. Theater.  The play is presented by the Underground Railroad Theater.  

The Head of the Charles is this Saturday and Sunday but I recommend a bike ride along the Charles on Friday when the athletes and boats are arriving and there is a lot of schmoozing among very health people. 

Saturday morning is the final MIT Flea Market, organized by the MIT Radio Society.  Get your own drone before the hawks attack the city.

But most importantly here is a map of the MBTA with stations renamed after nearby bars.

http://www.thrillist.com/drink/boston/boston-s-first-map-of-bars-near-the-t, This might be the first delivery at Viale, the restaurant that will replace Rendezvous on Mass. Ave. in Central Square.  Next door they were working on the new Clover that will replace Hi Fi Pizza., A great sign at the tiny table in Dwelltime.  No precocious coders working on their laptops.  And no adults either., Upcoming events.

On Thursday, October 16 the @centralsquaretheater.org will premiere A Disappearing Number.

https://www.centralsquaretheater.org/shows/a-disappearing-number/

Also on Thursday from 715PM Bert Seager will be playing fabulous jazz piano at The Lillypad

http://lilypadinman.com/page/3/

October 23 is MIT's festival of Italian desserts.
http://bostoniano.info/italian_news_boston/mitaly-holds-italian-dolci-event/, Its New Flavor Request Sunday.  Durjoy wanted Chocolate Khulfee so we did what we should always do, which is do what he wants.  

Fresh off last night's triumphant all-ages show at the Middle East Cape Cod rockers Today Junior asked for Banana Cookie Dough.  We complied and hope they play a cover of any Greg Kihn song. 
 
Also back at work on Sesame ice cream for anthropologists and restaurant owners and a flavor based on sweet Korean pancakes., The original Hi-Rise Bread Company is on Concord Ave, at the intersection with Huron Ave.  The second Hi Rise is on Mass. Ave. between (actually beneath) Lesley College and Harvard University.  A third Hi Rise will open in Harvard's Barker Center.  

http://www.thecrimson.com/article/2014/10/10/barker-center-cafe-reopens/, Ellipsis Trio at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), tonight, 730PM  FREE for MIT community.

http://www.brownpapertickets.com/event/851818, Coffee Life in Japan turns into a Japanese comic book.  

http://huntandgather.ie/kyoto-through-coffee-2-2/, We made Pomegranate Molasses ice cream.  Great texture.  Unbelievable texture.  But a questionable taste.  I've been interested in this idea for a while since several people told me that Pomegranate Molasses and Nutella sandwiches were the peanut butter and jelly of Turkish teenagers.  

Barney Miller is the best show about police officers and Lenny Henry's English show, "Chef" is the best television about restaurants and cooking.  One memorable episode revolves around his efforts to purchase illegal un-pasteurized cheese.  We've been frustrated by a persistent chalkiness in versions of an Apple Cider ice cream so turned to friends who promised to obtain unpasteurized apple cider from Hollis, NH.  A phone call started the ball rolling and then a friend made the buy at a farmers market.  Tonight we drank the delicious cider.  Tomorrow we try to make small batches for personal consumption.  If we learn something we can scale up and meet the Commonwealth's requirements., No one is supposed to like French Presses but George Howell in Newtonville makes a good iced french press., Ben and Jerry's returns to music for flavors and names.  

Found at Ample Hills website, but first written for eater.com

http://www.eater.com/2014/9/12/6156739/ben-jerrys-launches-bob-marley-inspired-ice-cream, I hope this doesn't seem Pollyannaish but whatever Strip T's does is always tasty and interesting.  Friends from Belmont and Watertown, including brother Joe from Rancatore's took me there when it was less well-known and then after the prodigal son returned.  My Pet Shark thought the fried chicken he had at lunchtime was the best chicken he'd ever eaten.  Some of the more au courant culinary acrobatics have impressed me because things always end up delicious even if the process has been elliptical.

http://boston.eater.com/2014/10/6/6923171/strip-ts-still-committed-to-putting-out-a-fantastic-product, We've worked with both Aaron Cohen and Ben Dryer, but never with Gracie Cohen, Aaron's daughter.  We think her new ice cream store in ever-changing Union Sq., Somahville will be real good .

http://boston.eater.com/2014/10/6/6918777/gracies-ice-cream-will-very-soon-fill-union-squares-frozen-dessert, Tim will be entering this in a design contest in Aspen or a Biennale somewhere.  It is appropriate technology for listening to music in a wet ice cream making area where milks and creams and fruit juices fly around like we were in Jackson Pollock's studio.  The glove can also be worn on a hand., We're making French Vanilla and Belgian Chocolate, B3, Green Tea and Burnt Caramel and prepping all kinds of things.  Whispered conversations about a flavor inspired by Syrian Muhamarrah., Monday Monday.  Can't Trust That Day.  At noon the Central Sq. State Fair continues. 

Tonight is First Monday at New England Conservatory which is great music in a wonderful place for free.

Monday night is hot dog night at Kirkland Tap, perhaps a doggie after classical music.

And over in Boston, if you are troubled by urban design issues in Cambridge and along the Waterfront there is a discussion, which a cynic might suspect will be pointless.

http://numberonebus.tumblr.com/

, Someone was making a drone at MIT but on Saturday, in the ice cream making area, Thiago Barrett of Maine assembled a Lego trainset.  On his next visit he will make a space shuttle., Tony makes ice cream and has a featured part in Disney on Ice's version of Mad Max.  He is wearig Cathy Sherwood's new Halloween shirt., Today is gorgeous.  SoWa is in full swing, busy with people who wish Boston neighborhoods were named with the cleverness of those in New York City.  The East Cambridge Rib Party is happening, whatever the event is called.  

Here's today's list plus Fluffernutter, Mango Sorbet, Cherry White Wine Sorbet, Butter Almond, Blueberry Cheesecake.

Sandra revived Pumpkin brown Butter Sage.  It is fabulous.  Nocciola is a bit like Nutella, but a whole let better.  

Creamsicle is orange and vanilla, with different names in different parts of the country.  One graduate student said to me, "I distantly remembered the name from childhood."  

B3 is currently the most popular flavor:  Brown Butter, Brown Sugar and Brownies!

We have three chocolate ice creams:  our standard and mild Belgian Chocolate, our dark Cocoa Pudding and Malted Chocolate.

Double Crunch is Heath Bar and Grape Nut.  Squirrels would love this flavor., Its Friday and what's going on at 899.

We have a new sorbet that may eventually be called C3 or Triple Citrus.  Its equal parts orange, lemon and lime and its adult-tart.  We might make it a little sweeter but we'll be listening for comments and suggestions.

We have Khulfee, which doesn't have anything to do with "coffee".  "Khulfee" in all its spellings means frozen dessert in Hindi.  This Khulfee has cardamom, almonds and pistachios.  Khulfee ice cream does not have to contain nuts, but ours usually do.

Vienna Finger Cookie ice cream has those cookies in it.  Its a vanilla ice cream with a vanilla cookie stuffed with vanilla cream.  Its one of our oldest flavors.

Coffee Ice Cream Sandwich came about when we were toying with the ide of making an ice cream that contained ice cream.  Everyone remembers what ice cream sanwiches tasted like in grammar school so we froze them, chopped them and mixed them in coffee ice cream so you see the industral vanilla ice cream as well as the soft chocolate wafers.  Those wafers bend like iPhones.

Double Crunch is a combination of Grape Nut and Heath Bar.  Grape Nuts are not nuts but Heath bars do contain nuts and should be avoided by some people.  

Fluffernutter is Peanut Butter and Marshmallow, together as Elvis and President Clinton would have wanted them to be.

Sunday is the East Cambridge rib smokeout.
Monday will be the first First Monday concert of this semester, at New England Conservatory., Cambridge is always Cambridge.  And the Cambridge License Commission is more so.

http://boston.eater.com/2014/10/2/6889213/chew-attempts-licensing-innovation-between-harvard-and-mit, Special Sneak Peak for our Facebok Fans.

GLOW IN THE DARK Tosci T-shirt.

We are only making 100., Wet grey rainy crumby day in 02139.  The ice cream contains lots of sunshine.  These are the flavors for We Oc 1, 2014.  Wabbit., We used to participate n the WGBH Ice Cream Festival when the station was located on Western Avenue and we rewarded the many wonderful volunteers with ice cream gift certificates.  One man said he wouldn't use the gift certificate until his 70th birthday.  Today he showed up with a slightly yellowed gift certificate, designed by Gill Fishman, with a slightly faded inscription that said "WGBH scooper."  He got six pints for a birthday party.  A very nice memory., BostonGlobe.com writes about Cenral Square's Dumpling Festival!

http://www.bostonglobe.com/metro/2014/09/28/cambridge-dumpling-festival-honors-local-culinary-star-joyce-chen/VBzYvfhdHm22mUgMzZ63xH/story.html

We have to get Wang's to move here from Somerville., Today is Central Square Dumplig Festival, prompted in part by the Post Office's issuance of stamps commemorating Julia Child and Joyce Chen.  Joyce Chen had a big restaurant near Alewife and her Small Eating Place, which was open nearby when we came to Central Sq.  

 have been involved in barroom brawls about the definition of "dumpling." Like most Americans I have a forgiving definition of what is what is not a dumpling.  Only Czech Knedlik are beyond the pale.  I think matzoh balls count and so do gnocchi (on Thursdays only) and ravioli and various east Asian wonders that are filled with pork or vegetables.  Most foreigners have stricter standards.  Dr. De Caro of the University of Rome does not think raviioli or tortellini are dumplings.  An expert on Turkey from Boston University does not think anything is a dumpling unless the people who make it have a word for dumpling.  Today Central Square is filled with dumplings.  Today our ice cream sandwiches are dumplings because we say so.  

Yesterday was Union Square, Somerville's Fluff Festival.  Several years the orgaizers of the Fluff Festival asked us to make flavors using Fluff, which we had never before used as an ingredient.  Now we use Fluff everywhere.  Today we have FlufferNutter ice cream.  Elvis would have liked it., Marthannah Stevens writes well about Isabel Blow and fashion and beauty.  http://www.xojane.com/fashion/isabella-blow-a-fashion-icon-you-should-know, It is a gorgeous hot weekend.  Lots of sun, lots of Fluff, lots of Fluff ice creams, dumplings and our dumpling-like ice cream sandwiches.  

Marc Levy's Cambridge Day gives us the details.  

http://www.cambridgeday.com/2014/09/26/five-things-to-do-this-weekend-sept-27-28/

Plus music at Longy School of Music in Harvard Square. .  September Fest.

http://www.longy.edu/, Long ago the owners of Diesel and Bloc 11 Cafe
 worked at Toscanini's.  Soon they will open a bakery.

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2014/09/26/exclusive-first-look-forge-baking-company-somerville/, Japan as Galapagos is dismissive comment about Japan's small cars and reluctance to abandon their own phone system.  Its is also one of the nation's charms and perhaps strengths.  Haagen Dazs Ice Cream introduced Azuki Bean ice cream, which we and other American companies have made.  And they also introduced a line of vegetable-based ice creams.

Again, we and others have done this but it is interesting to see a global retailer attempt to mainstream this.  We made Celery Sorbet to disappointing results but when we renamed it Spring Sorbet it was popular.  We also make Carrot Orange Sorbet.  Corn ice cream is wonderful!

http://en.rocketnews24.com/2014/04/21/healthy-ice-cream-well-these-new-%EF%BB%BF%EF%BB%BFhaagen-dazs-vegetable-flavors-at-least-sound-healthy/, A poster from MIT's Cool Japan program.  The band  Shonen Knife appeared to discuss 3D microprinting.  They played a sold-out show at The Middle East - Cambridge, Ma.   Its not just a poster.  It is an autographed poster and we will turn it into a bedspread., The flavors for a cool Th Se 25, 2014.  And you can't see the third panel of the menu board but we also have Heath Bar, Tiramisu, Mango Sorbet, Popsicle Sorbet and Black & Blue Sorbet.  

Guinness is a popular flavor in Trinidad, where people also make Guinness pies.  It is a popular flavor here in Central Sq.

Belgian Chocolate is our mildest chocolate and Cocoa Pudding is our darkest.

B3 is not a vitamin nor a bomber.  It is Brown Butter, Brown Sugar and Brownies.

Ovaltine is no longer popular in the US.  It was popular when Jet Jackson was shilling Secret Decoder Rings,and television was in black and white.   But the chocolate malt drink is popular in Asia.  It is a good ice cream flavor.  

Its Jewish New Year.  We use Hydrox Cookies because they have never had animal fats.   They came before Oreo which became more popular.  In NYC Hydrox was more popular and we loved them.

Sorghum Spicy Pecan is made with Sorghum Molasses, which are popular in the American South.  Mimi created the spicy pecan mix., The things we discuss at our Central Sq. meetings.  One day we discussed the proliferating litter of "nips", or small single shot servings of liquor that airlines use.  It turns out that police and social workers believe these are consumed by hipsters who don't want to pay conventional prices when they go to music performances.  Don't blame the street people.  Blame all those kids from Emerson.

On another occasion we talked about the "sweepah" season, which is when Cambridge resumes street cleaning and towing.  

Today we talked about the recent Carribbean Festival and the upcoming Central Geek Festival, and Christmas "bannahs."  We have good, authentic accents at these meetings.  This is not public radio.  This is 02139.  

It turns out that you can go to jail for drinking on the streets of Cambridge but there is no penalty for smoking dope.  Its up to the city councillors.

We discussed graffiti removal and if the DPW wants a ladder truck like the fire department has.  Graffiti artists receive parkour training in France and have been tagging upper story walls.  A few train with Chuck Jones at the MGM School of Animated Acrobatics.  

No.  Someone joked that a hovercraft might be helpful but no ladder trucks,  thank you.

Owen the city's Irish-born engineer reported on road construction.  The underpass, or the overpass if you walk, by Harvard's Science Center will be finished by the end of October as will most of Western Avenue.  The sidewalks will go into overtime.  Concord Avenue will be finished by the end of 2015, which means you will -until then -have to walk your pet from Gina's Dirty Dog to Lauramutt., Naoko from Shonen Knife with Adam from Weymouth Wonders.  She had  a latte.  He had a smile., Ben Wurgaft went to the Longfellow School on Broadway across from Dwelltime, but Dwelltime was not there.  He has spent a great deal of time at Diesel, Hi Rise and famous West Coast Cafes.  Here's his review of Woodcat in LA and the LA Weekly.  

Not Woodkid, the Euro popster, nor the Woodentops, one album wonders from the UK.  Woodcat is slang for a rabbit.  Woodentop was slang for cop.  Whee.

http://www.laweekly.com/squidink/2014/09/23/woodcat-coffee-bar-now-open-in-echo-park, The City of Cambridge is renovating the small park on Amory Street and one local activist suspects the park will be renamed Stonehenge.  The city hopes that the rocks will discourage animals from urinating on the grass.  

Boston already has its own, strange out-of-the-way Stonehenge at Columbia Point, near UMass. Boston and the JFK Library and the never-visited State Archives.  The State Arhives look like the final redoubt of old school democrats.  I've walked around the nearby mini-Stonehenge, a strange rock sculpture and never seen an explanation.  Jonathan Tucker is slowly creating a sculpture garden at Columbia Point but if this was part of that there would be an expensive explanation of and attribution for the sculpture.  Maybe it is actually the work of Mark Di Suvero or  Richard Serra.   Or all that is left from a Spinal Tap concert., There were a few years in a row when customers won MacArthur grants and we were pretty sure that something was in the ice cream.  

In a defensive crouch after complaints that MacArthur fellows all seemed to live in The Mission, Brooklyn and Austin, Texas the foundation has released a study which Boston Magazine analyzed.  Its safe for non-geniuses to say that living near a good ice cream increases your mental abilities and assures an appearance on "Wait Wait Don't Tell Me." 

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/news/blog/2014/09/22/macarthur-geniuses-tend-move-massachusetts/, The riot before Pussy Riot, but after The Ronettes.  MIT's Cool Japan program presents Shonen Knife.

http://mitgsl.mit.edu/news-events/shonen-knife-band-members-speak-mit-panel-discussion
, What a weekend.  Thursday night was the Ig Nobel show with Sari Boren,  Kevin Daner, Susan Lyons and Hayley Ehrenfeld in the audience.  Saturday daytime was the Mid Cambridge Neighborhood Association's Big Swap, and the Prospect St. Block Party at Whole Foods Foods where Belmont celebrity Alex Aroyan wowed a sullen crowd of graduate students.  On Saturday night, The Ig Nobels had a big party in Brookline where I met a man who had organized the Commonwealth's chimney sweeps and was now moving into the lightning rod business.  We talked about what he has seen on tall buildings in New England.  On Sunday morning the MIT Radio Society had its next-to-last Flea Market and in the afternoon, Jen Park of Diesel Cafe visited with Doug Zell, founder of Intelligentsia Coffee.  When I visited his first shop in Chciago I was told to pronounce the name like the Russian word for egghead," In-Tell-i-Ghen- sia" but Doug did not hesitate to tell me that those people were wrong.  We talked about why Boston has so many ice cream stores and why American shops close so early.  He thought the proscription on smoking had a collateral effect on late night-night coffee drinkers.  Jen nodded wisely. 

Our Permanent Director of Volunteer Services also visited.  Hershey drove from Maine to Belmont and Central Square and then returned to groom snowmobile trails in her town.  Winter is coming., Times change.  I remember when The Rosebud was more like Sunnyside Gardens (the ancient boxing battleground in Queens) than a restaurant.  After midnight on Friday or Saturday you could wait outside for the action to spill out of the diner and onto the dark streets of Davis Sq.  The Somerville Police had a three-man Trouble Car that blitzed around the city going from squabble to fight to dustup.  Those were the old days before Somerville became the kombucha-drinking, kale-nibbling place it might be today.  

http://boston.eater.com/archives/2014/09/19/rosebud-american-kitchen-photo-gallery-somerville.php, Boston Magazine explains the special relationship between Toscanini's and Union Square Donuts. 

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2014/09/18/union-square-donuts-toscaninis-doughnut-ice-cream-sandwiches/, Dr. Jennifer Lewis celebrates her birthday at her lab, taking time out from Microscale 3D Printing. Lots of Cocoa Rum Chip.

http://www.technologyreview.com/featuredstory/526521/microscale-3-d-printing/, What a weekend.  nice weather, swap meets and flea markets and Ig Nobel lectures at MIT.

1. The mid Cambridge Neighborhood Association is sponsoring its first Big Swap at 314 Harvard Street near Hancock St.  Books, 8 tracks, CD's, certificates of deposits.  Pretty much anything from 9A to 2P.

For more information, please contact Joan Pickett jpickett7@yahoo.com

The Ig Nobel Awards were given last night but a more thoughtful presentation of the work behind the awards will occur at 26-100.  Those who know, know what this means.  

And then Sunday, before you head off for that Led Zep brunch you can visit the MIT Radio Society's Flea Market.

http://w1mx.mit.edu/flea-at-mit

On Friday and Saturday we are still open until midnight.  On Saturday and Sunday we open at 9AM.
, Made a second attempt at improving our Goat Cheese ice cream, using a milder, but aged cheese from Central Bottle, Twig Farm Tome.  Playing with the idea of cheese as inclusion.  As mad scientists always say, "interesting."  But more work to do., YOU HEARD RIGHT!!!

Union Square Donuts and Toscanini’s Making Doughnut Ice Cream Sandwiches!

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2014/09/18/union-square-donuts-toscaninis-doughnut-ice-cream-sandwiches/, Clark Boyd of PRI's The World on The IgNobel Cookbook.  With appropriate warnings.  The Ig's are tonight at Harvard's Sanders Theatre.  They are sold out but you can watch online.  

http://www.pri.org/stories/2014-09-17/you-might-want-extra-life-insurance-trying-some-recipes-cookbook, Peggy Hernandez of today's Food section in the  Globe review the new IgNobel Cookbook.  Forty pages of hilarity and profundity prompted by past winners of Ig Nobels.  The event is Thursday at Harvard.  It is sold out but available online.  

http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2014/09/16/canbesmart-curry-and-other-unusual-recipes-from-noble-cookbook/TW5ixD1LHmOvo6maBOw6gO/story.html, We won't know until tomorrow.  We and other ice cream makers often use cheese as an ingredient.  Not only does cheese impart specific flavors but it can also enrich the texture and mouthfeel of ice cream.  Every Monday the good people from Cedar Hollow Farms, in West Rutland VT,  sell their goat cheeses at the Central Sq. Farmers' Market and I buy them for happy personal use.  After several conversations they suggested we try an aged Black Current Special Reserve.  I'm still stirring chilling the mixture but it tastes interesting.  We'll know on Wednesday when we make a small prototype batch., My Pet Shark and i went to Newbury Street for eyeglasses.  Newbury Street now smells of hamburgers from Arlington St. to Mass. Ave.  Maybe its changed.  We did the sensible thing and drove out to Watertown for an amazing lunch at Strip T's.  Everyone was there; all the stars of Watertown.   Let me tell you:  an eggplant Banh Mi sandwich and a chicken Pho sandwich.  Really.  A sandwich inspired by a soup.  Also had Japanese sweet potato fries with miso aioli and  Dashi potato chips.  Umami plus.  Plus was broccoli rabe transformed into something magical., Pears grow in Brookline.  Who knew.  A friend gave us some from his backyard.  We hope to turn these into sorbet.  We're also working on a big version of Cake Batter Hydrox Cookie, another Salty Honey Goat Cheese, Chocolate Ginger, Fresh Mint...., MIT hired the famous Mathew Carter and I think two other designers to create a new logo that reminded me of a company that makes childrens' blocks.  And of course this was done at some cost.  The building block logo already seems to be fading from use, replaced bya strange swimming beaver with rabid red eyes.  Looks like a mean cartoon about giant beavers in Canada., No more Food Arts, sadly.  

http://www.grubstreet.com/2014/09/food-arts-closing.html, I don’t quite understand why people are so enthused about sparking arguments between me and my brother who owns Rancatore’s ice cream in Belmont and Lexington.  A typical exchange goes something like this, “I went to your brother’s store and I didn’t like the chocolate ice cream.”  Not again, I think to myself, “Well we have a policy of not arguing about ice cream.  We worked together for a year and argued enough for a lifetime.”  

The complainant is undeterred, “I didn’t think the chocolate was creamy enough even though it had the same name as your flavor.”  I explain that even when the flavors have identical names the recipes can be different and in America you get to choose your ice cream and your ice cream stores.  

But the other day the argument went off in a new direction, “I went to your brother’s ice cream store and that ice cream was amazing!”  I try the usual tactic, “We don’t argue about ice cream.  We argue about interstate highways and Kansas City versus St. Louis, Missouri.”   This guy is stoked, “His new flavor was terrific!”    “I’m glad you liked it.  He’s a genius.  He’s the family genius.”  

This guy is like the first person to hear a Meatloaf album,  “I loved this ice cream!”  

As the Melvin Einstein of the family I say, “I’m glad but I can’t keep up with him.”  

“You’ve got to get out there.”

“I will.”, Here's a scary photo of some of what happens at the Ig Nobel Awards.  This year's event is next Thursday at Sanders Theater in Harvard's Memorial Hall.  The theme is food and we worked on an accompanying cookbook.  The event includes Win a Date with a Nobelist and an opera.  Its like Bonaroo for smart people of a type.  

http://boston.eater.com/archives/2014/09/11/this-years-ig-nobel-prize-ceremony-is-about-food.php, Its Th Se 11, 2014.  We have these flavors plus Saffron Pepper Khulfee, Honey Vanilla Bean, Mango Sorbet, Berry S., and Coconut RumSorbet., Catherine Sherwood designed this new t shirt, which is a Tosci-centric map of parts of Boston.  Belmont actor and musician Alex Aroyan models it., Oranges and saffron for Khulfee., FREE piano music at the MFA tonight, Th Se 11 2014.

SOUND BITES: NANCY LEE CLARK CONCERT SERIES
An Evening of Piano

September 11, 2014
6:00 pm – 8:00 pm
Edward H. Linde Gallery (Gallery 168)

NEXT SESSION
Thursday, September 11, 2014

Free with Admission - No Ticket Required

In honor of Boston’s diverse cultural institutions and Malcolm Rogers’ musicianship and love of the piano, this special edition of Sound Bites will feature pianists from the Boston Conservatory, New England Conservatory, and Berklee College of Music performing works ranging from Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart to Claude Debussy to Keith Jarrett. Alexander

Anderson, Berklee College of Music 
Rui Urayama, Boston Conservatory 
Shih Man Weng, Boston Conservatory 
Alex Beyer, New England Conservatory

Above: Piano Keys. Image by Elliot Billings. licensed under CC BY 2.0, I remember one night in the Harvard Bookstore in Harvard Square.  I was paging through a biology thriller set in Cambridge.  One characater visits another who is a woman who comes to the door wearing a Chocolate #3 t shirt.  Anyone know the book.

The first chocolate we made was Dark Chocolate.  The second chcolate was Belgian Chocolate and then we made another dark chocolate which became Chocolate No. 3.  

And when we sponsored a basketball team in the Cambridge Recreation League I ventured th flavor name as the team name.  Under Sandy Gilmore's steady hand that team won the city championship.  Sandy remembers playing a game at the old Indoor Athletic Building against a lanky Hawaiian who became President Obama.  But we can't find any photos of that matchup.  We have a lot of Chocolate No. 3 shirts.  For Sale., Flavors for We Se 10.  We also have Honey Vanilla Bean and Earl Grey, plus Berry Sorbet, Mango Sorbet and Coconut Rum Sorbet.  Anthony and Tim made a lot of ice cream including Cake Batter Hydrox, which has its own logic and will debut tomorrow when the weather warms up again., So what is a Clabber Girl?  Is this offensive? Or some lost job described by Thomas Hardy?, CambridgeDay.com reports on another ramen joint heading our way.  How about Japan's other noodle, buckwheat soba noodles?

http://www.cambridgeday.com/2014/09/09/santouka-ramen-could-serve-in-harvard-by-november-house-in-order-at-pho-spot/, Doug Quint should be playing a detective.  Maybe a bike riding detective in California but here is his first on-screen appearance in King of Cones.  http://vimeo.com/105265113

, Mark Ostow has a photo show at CCTV's gallery in Central Square, between Mariposa and Economy Hardware.

https://www.cctvcambridge.org/node/258335, A Far Cry chamber orchestra will be playing today, Su Se 7, 2014 at the Gardner Museum at 130P.

http://www.gardnermuseum.org/calendar/events/5903

But Central Square will be jumping with the annual Carribbean Festival.  Streets are closed and parking is confused.  This event starts soon.  We will be featuring, as always, many West Indian flavors including Rum and Raisin, Mango, Grape Nut and Grape Nut Raisin.  A beauitful day for a beauitful event., Think you could be Toscanini’s Next Great Scooper?  

Fun and Flexible, but you need to work one weekend shift. 

Apply TODAY.  jobs <at> tosci.com, Toscanini's Kpop band wearing shirts for Jennifer's last day as cakemaker, before she "heads out for Texas.", Here's a solar-powered gelato cart, out in sunny Pasadena California.  Named after Epicurus.  

http://www.laweekly.com/squidink/2014/09/04/epicurus-101-brings-the-first-solar-powered-gelato-cart-to-pasadena, Toscanini's Next Great Scooper

Do you have what it takes to be Toscanini's Next Great Scooper? We are looking for someone who is punctual, self-starting, quick on their feet, a fast and eager learner, friendly, clean, and enthusiastic to join our dedicated crew of scooper-baristas. Flexible, part-time availability and ability to work at least one weekend shift is a must. The position is open immediately.  

Sound like a fit? Drop us a line: jobs at tosci dot com, It is We Se 3.  All day.  We close at 11PM.

Tomorrow Simeone the Tailor, on Bishop Allen, returns from his annual visit to Greece.  This indicates that summer is finally over.

Annie Hall and Manhattan at the Brattle, largely in celebration of cinematographer Gordon Willis.

Lots of good flavors to start the day including the new Sorghum Spicy Pecan.  We also have B3, Orange Chocolate, Burnt Caramel, Irish Cream, Chocolate Chocolate Chip, Black and Red (Blackberry and Strawberry), Nocciola, Honey Vanilla Bean, and thre sorbets including Cherry Berry.  We tweet the flavor list and our new improved website also lists flavors.  

Jess baked Nutella Twists before anyone else got up, and we have already  made Cocoa Rum Chocolate Chip and Nocciola.  Tony is making lots of good B Good Vanilla to accompany all those burgers.  Willy is delivering pints to various Whole Foods.  And its a blue sky day.  Hooray., Daniel Vaughn is the barbeque editor of Texas Monthly, which is a great job that Calvin Trillin wanted.  Being barbeque editor is way better than being governor of Texas.  The new issue  includes "Confessions of a Fat Bastard," his first memoir.

http://www.texasmonthly.com/story/confessions-fat-bastard-daniel-vaughn-barbecue-editor, We sell ice cream to B Good for their shakes.  Gaia De Caro confirms this at B Good's store on Mass. Avenue near Berklee School of Music.  She and her sister, Tulia loved the burgers and the ice cream., Its back to school Tuesday and Back to Work!  If you still have a UHaul something is wrong and you need to talk with your roommates.  We're open until 11P.  

People often confuse "vanilla," "Vienna," and "Vietnamese" but we don't.  

Vietnamese Coffee is a drink we make, hot or cold, inspired by many delicious versions at Vietnamese restaurants.  We also make a Vietnamese Coffee ice cream which is not available "hot."

Vienna is a city in Austria and Vienna Finger Cookies are vanilla cookies with vanilla cream in the middle.  We put them in vanilla ice cream for a sort of white cookie flavor.  Johnny Winter would have liked this flavor.  Vienna Finger Cookies evoke almost any John Irving novel.

These days, B3 is our most popular flavor.  It is made with Brown Butter and Brown Sugar and Brownies!

Khulfee means "frozen dessert" in Hindi and we make a variety of Khulfee flavors.  Most contain almonds ad pistachio nuts and cardamom.  There is a version from England that also has Saffron and Orange,, and a Kenyan version with Saffron and Cardamom. 

Cardamom is a spice that most Americans don't know but they like it and may have a vague familiarity with the taste.  Cardamom is used in Scandinavian baking (including stollen) and English cookies, as well as Israeli coffee.  Its a bright cooling flavors and a favorite.  Cardamom is also in the Turkish Mocha ice cream.

Belgian Chocolate is our mildest chocolate and most popular chocolate.  Cocoa Pudding is our darkest chocolate.

We have Toto Pops made with fresh fruit juices and ice cream sandwiches made with cookies from Jess Porto, who is our morning baker.  And every day Bettina makes lots of ice cream cakes.

And as we say fifty times a day.  We're open until 11P.
,, New flavor debut tonight.  Sorghum Spicy Pecan.  Sorghum is a sweetener produced from a grain.  It was  first domesticated in northeastern Africa and grows in many parts of the American South.  It is used primarily for silage but Sweet Sorghum is a distinctive sweetener often served with biscuits.  We combined it with spicey pecans. 

We already use conventional molasses in our Ginger Snap Molasses flavor and have been exploring Pomegranate Molasses which is used throughout Asia Minor., Today is many things, but certainly it is Monday, September 1.  We are open and we are open until 11PM.  It is also the Central Sq. Farmers' Market.

The Brattle is showing Manhattan and Annie Hall.  

We're making Belgian Chocolate, Cookie Dough, Hydrox Cookie, Mango ice cream and lots of other good things.

Hydrox Cookies came first but Oreo became a much more popular cheaper cookie.  This might be an example of creative disruption if such a thing exists.  We use Hydrox cookies because they never have animal fats and are always kosher, plus I think they taste better.

Hydrox Cookies may return to the supermarkets.  http://www.usatoday.com/story/money/business/2014/05/11/hydrox-leaf-brands-oreo-mondelez/8896377/, Su Au 31, 2014.  Plus Lime Earl Grey, Honey Vanilla Bean, Chocolate Sorbet, Mango Sorbet and Blueberry Sorbet.  Plus cakes, ice cream sandwiches and toto pops.  Plus exhausted parents, anxious incoming students and Adam, Lea, Gabe and Matt., Fribbles are serious business.

I know I'm close to home when I pass the Friendly's sign and buildings along the Mass. Turnpike.  

Shirley Leung's story captures the determination of this founding family, without reciting the stories told by industry insiders after long days of drinking frappes and fribbles and eating square hamburgers.  

http://www.bostonglobe.com/business/2014/08/28/friendly-and-its-founders-are-aging-well/8DcHv5OPkLeVUpplTWGbGJ/story.html, Tomorrow is Wednesday and the Globe's G Section morphs into the very good food section.  T Susan Chang surveys a number of cookbooks by ice cream makers and independent ice cream stores.  She doesn't like David Lebovitz's The Perfect Scoop as much as I do.

http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2014/08/26/diy-luscious-satiny-ice-cream/6QLVkFt5EaIYdcf9Qas77K/story.html, The always interesting Boston Magazine says nice things about the morning baked goods Jess Porto makes for us.

Daybreak ice cream making shifts are now very desirable because they come with fresh-from-the-oven cookies and breakfast pastries.  

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/article/2014/08/26/breakfast-pastries-boston/, We're going to be upping the cuteness to test this paper out:

http://econpapers.repec.org/article/ucpjconrs/doi_3a10.1086_2f676581.htm, Was it in They Walked Like Men that aliens invaded earth disguised as Volkswagens and bowling balls?  Are aliens invading Cambridge disguised as U Haul trucks/, Which crazy Belmont hip hop star is wearing this special t shirt?  Catherine Sherwood's design for the last day of Jennifer Dunn., Years ago, Ophir Samson created the first Toscanini's Facebook page.  Today he visited.  Tonight he heads west.  At this time we intend to create an Ophir website.

For too long we confused him with Opher from Senior House., Henry Hornstein and his photographs of the country music world get a review in the Globe.

https://www.bostonglobe.com/arts/theater-art/2014/08/21/photographs-that-demonstrate-love-country/GfHKzcSmx61buSlDAlMVRM/story.html, Bubbly water, orange slices and a pink straw make it easy to remember whose drink this is., Today is a cloudy Fr Au 22 and Colleen models a special shirt for Jennifer's last day, designed by Catherine Sherwood.  We also have these flavors plus Cherry, Ovaltine, Chocolate Sorbet, Mango Sorbet and Banana Sorbet., Cambridge's Harvest restaurant, hidden near the Brattle Theater, close to the intersection of Church Street and Brattle will host an all-desert Sugar Rush tonight, with five chefs including Jess Porto who bakes our morning pastries.  Executive pastry chef Brian Mercury hosts the event and will lead a Queen singalong. 

http://harvestcambridge.com/news-and-events/sugar-rush/, JennyWhite offers a video demonstratig superior police methods in Sweden.  http://www.nydailynews.com/news/world/swedish-dances-wildly-pride-parade-article-1.1907597, This is not a good idea.  Meems and I went shopping in Chelsea or Everett, sometimes its hard to tell.  Usually we go to Market Basket which she has accurately described as The Happiest Place on Earth, but because of the ongoing dispute we went to Stop and Shop.  The first thing we encountered was a shortage of Spanish-language magazines and new potato chips from Lay's.

Including Cappuccino flavored chips, an idea submitted by an academic from Nevada.  

I love salty foods and have ben looking for oversized chips designed for masculine preferences.  I read an article about them once and thought maybe the idea would work.  These weren't them.  

Let's go Cambridge author Will Gordon at deadspin.com:

http://theconcourse.deadspin.com/lays-cappuccino-potato-chips-are-abominable-1616602575, Harvard Magazine always find somewhere good to eat and writes interestingly about those places.  

http://harvardmagazine.com/2014/09/attention-please, Big Gay Ice Cream visited us (with Buster!), Announcing CHOCOPALOOZA!!! #tosci #foodie #chocolate

We have so many great chocolates choices- we're going to be featuring them for the next 24 hours.  

Featuring:

Mocha
Lem choc
Orange choc
Cocoa pudding
Cocoa rum
Belgian choc
Ovaltine
Mexican choc
Chocolate choc chip
Black bottom, Marc of Community Builders wants Malted Chocolate.  Harvey of Community Builders always want Cocoa Rum Chip and never replace the chips with brownies!

Kappor wants Bourbon which we made but didn't pack for him.  If we can't find some in the freezer we have to make it again.  

A wedding needs Khulfee.

A woman named Brin wanted Mexican Chocolate and we made it.  

Andrzej Wajda made 2 great films about Poland: Man of Marble and Man of Stone.  My cousin suggests a third, Man of Ice Cream., A Nutella shortage!  Oh no.  I have friends who like other healthier versions of this and others who discuss the relative merits of Nutella from Canada versus Italy.  But still, a shortage?  Mexican drugs gangs seem to have no involvement in this.

http://qz.com/248973/there-might-not-be-enough-nutella-to-go-around-this-year/, Carnival Week begins in Provincetown tomorrow.  Willie has already delivered ice cream to The Nut House and we have ice cream ready for Monday delivery., Cambridge politician Walter Sullivan died but I will never forget him.  He was old school impeccable in dress and manner.  Late in life he would walk through and around the city, talking to the people he knew and waving to all.  I remember bicycling down Memorial Drive and looking across the river to Storrow Drive where  I first thought there was a matador acknowledging the honks and waves of automobile drivers.  It was Walter in a fabulous, almost luminescent suit of lights, showing the flag and inspecting his kingdom.

http://www.bostonglobe.com/metro/2014/08/08/walter-sullivan-longtime-cambridge-city-councilor-three-time-mayor-and-state-representative/BCFgQ1sTD4f4UWP86htczL/story.html, The Globe and Boston Magazine and everyone note that Gordon and Fiona Hamersley will close Hamersley's in the South End.  

Hamersley's was important in ways beyond  the food and hospitality.  Its opening and growth catalyzed changes in the South End, which had been developed as a companion neighborhood to Back Bay and fallen on hard times.  When I moved to Boston the South End resembled dim reaches of Brooklyn before that borough changed.  One street was anchored by the Office for Puerto Rican Affairs.  Hamersley's moved and grew until its final incarnation which I think was largely designed by Sandra Fairbank.  

Hamersley's signified the changing South End as Todd English's restaurants once represented Charlestown and the Ashmont Grill and Tavolo suggested urban possibilities in Dorchester.

My favorite meal from Gordon Hamersley was a grilled pizza served at an outdoors event in Roxbury where a collection of Boston swells gathered along with Gerardo then at the brief height of his Rico Suave fame.  The pizza was excellent.

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2014/08/13/hamersleys-bistro-closes-after-27-years/




, Chocolate, chocolate, chocolate.  This stuff comes to us from Primarque in Worcester and we use it in different flavors.  Today we're making Lemon Chocolate the way Sam thinks we should make it and we're making Chocolate Chocolate Chip for Paul Sussman at Back Deck in Downtown Boston.  And we're making some for ourselves and we hope the shiny-faced new arrivals in Central Sq., HP Hood ice cream sandwiches are one of my favorite ingredients.  Gli Rancatori didn't get them until we moved to the suburbs.  Now Toscanini's uses them in Coffee Ice Cream Sandwich.  We made some today and we'll serve the flavor on Wednesday and then on Thursday Willy will deliver some to the nut House in Provincetown.  Finally I thought there was something very graphic about these crumpled wrappers, Congrats to our good friends and great partners b.good !  They just won Boston's Small Business of The Year!!!, While drinking coffee in Rangeley, Maine's Inner Eye Cafe a friend suddenly held up his cup and said, "This is the coffee cup designed by Jaime van Schyndel, the owner of Barismo.  And it was indeed.

Several hours later we needed more coffee and after an unhappy experience near the Portland, Maine Waterfront found Tandem.  Tandem is as good as reported and as good as you'd like.  Its away from downtown, in a wonderful brick building next to an artisanal brewery in another good piece of vernacular masonry.  The coffee-beer combo is similar to Aeronaut and Barismo in Somerville.  I'd probably prefer a bakery and coffee combo but the pairing appears to work.  Tandem is also in a neighborhood full of recent immigrants from Africa, who show signs of dramatically improving Maine's soccer programs.  An intense game was occurring in a nearby parking lot while we talked with the bar staff about "cortados", "cortaditos from Miami" and personalities at Blue Bottle Coffee., Amanda Hesser left the NYTImes to launch Food53.  The site is very handsome.  Great photography and lots of good topics.  My only complaint is that the recipes can be hard to find or maybe I'm just not smart enough for this blog.  But start with these short articles about making coffee.

http://food52.com/blog/category/212-the-perfect-cup, Working late or working a lot can enable you to see things that others miss.  Two weeks I came across one of my favorite midnight activities when I found crews painting lines on Cambridge's streets.  This has become very complicated business.   It is no longer simply a matter of painting a single line down the middle of Mass. Ave.  Streets narrow near intersections and have arrows for bike lanes and double arrows for lanes that should be shared if one can imagine such a thing.  This is probably my second favorite late night activity after the arrival of the circus which can involve trucks moving animals and trains with elephants.

Soon we will have a magical gathering of U-Haul vehicles from all over America.  There is that morning when we arrive for work and find every inch of Main Street lined with U-haul trucks.  Most of the trucks get parking tickets as a sort of Welcome to Cambridge gesture.  In Hawaii when you arrive they give you leis and flowers.  In Cambridge you get a parking ticket., Wednesday is Food Day at the Globe when Sheryl Julian's might food section heads off in many directions to describe interesting things about food.

We once worked on a festival of films about food, which moved about Harvard seeking a home, and also involved appearances by people like beer maven, Larry Flint and Christopher Myers of Myers and Chang.   Food @ 24fps (which referred ot the idea that Film was Truth 24 Times a Second.  It was Harvard and we had to do such a thing.)  I think my favorite film was the little-known Dinner Rush. 

Two weeks ago the Globe assembled a panel of hungry moviegoers to see a preview of the new film by Lasse Hallstrom,  The 100-Foot Journey.

Years ago Hallstrom made a wonderful film called My LIfe As a Dog, which was much better than its title.  And while this film features an Indian version of Johnny Depp the best performances are by older actors Helen Mirren and Om Puri.  Mirren sneaks, as she so often does, an immense amount of sexuality into scenes where no one would expect to find any sizzle.  

http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2014/08/05/clash-two-culinary-cultures/7R0nuX6CtlmqBraWNcz0MP/story.html, We spend time working on September's Ig Nobel Awards ceremony, which I think is sold out but check the harvard Ticket Office.   We first participated after a Japanese scientist was awarded an Ig for successfully synthesizing artificial vanilla extract from cow dung.  Successful!  It was healthy and tasted like Vanillin.  We never got to use the stuff but it was better than watching Lenny Applebombe win the PS 40 Science Fair with his hot dog cooker.  

Marc Abrahams spends a lot of time all-year-long working on the Ig's and these labors include a new book which garners a good review at the Wall St. Journal. 

http://online.wsj.com/articles/book-review-this-is-improbable-too-by-marc-abrahams-1407522132, We are so excited to be featured in Hamptons Lane!

We know you love our ice cream, and now you can make it even more heavenly with Hamptons Lane’s August box.  Hamptons Lane is a discovery platform for foodies and cooks alike. This month's box is an Ice Cream Sundae theme with specialty toppings and items that can add some extra fun and flavor to even your favorite Toscanini's ice cream.  Check out Hamptons Lane here: http://bit.ly/1nRZmmp, Gus (and Corky!) in today's Globe talking about the new movie The Hundred-Foot Journey -- with nice portraits of both!

http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2014/08/05/clash-two-culinary-cultures/7R0nuX6CtlmqBraWNcz0MP/story.html, Doug Quint, famous King of Maine and owner of the Big Gay Ice Cream truck will be part of the Food Network's King of Cones series. The show premieres tonight but Doug, like Godzilla in the newest incarnation, will not appear for a bit.  I think he judges during the fourth episode.  The Judge Dredd of ice cream.

http://www.foodnetwork.com/videos/summer-series-king-of-cones-0225004.html, We have more vowels than Amy's Ice Creams of Austin TX but they got on La Repubblica's list of the World's Best Ice Cream Stores and we did not.  http://d.repubblica.it/cucina/2014/08/02/foto/migliori_gelaterie_del_mondo-2233651/20/#share-top

This is good news for the many Bostonians who migrate to Texas for the bbq, the schlitterbahn and great peaches.  , our friend corby found this, let's book a ticket!, Best of Boston. Congratulations to the entire Tosci team.

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/best-of-boston/2014/toscaninis-14/, Here's a classic t shirt from our 20th Anniversary collection.  Spotted at the Lowell Folk Festival where all good things resonate., New issue of Boston Magazine is out.  We won for Best Ice Cream.  Yes!

We won as did Kirkland Tap for Best Burger, Rialto for Bar Menu, Henrietta's Table for Breakfast, Puritan & Co for Brunch, Commonwealth for Al Fresco, Clover for Food Truck, Petsi's for Pies, Flour for Cookie, Brian Mercury of Harvest won as Best Pastry Chef, Formaggio for Best Cheese Shop, Alive and Kicking for Lobster Roll, Lord Hobo won for Beer Bar,

Oona's for Best Vintage Clothing, Stellabella for Toys, Forty Winks for Lingerie, Local Root for Kitchen Supplies,

The Kendall Square won for Art House Cinema

I think MIT won for something and Harvard for something else., We're in this month's Bon Appetit magazine!  

"Around the corner from MIT in Cambridge, Toscanini’s crafts the city’s finest—and most cerebral—ice cream. Quirky flavors like bourbon-gingersnap and b3 (a monstrously rich combination of brown butter, brown sugar, and fat chunks of fudge brownie) share freezer-case space with perfect renditions of strawberry and Belgian chocolate."

http://www.bonappetit.com/restaurants-travel/slideshow/boston-big-fat-weekend/?slide=8, The flavors for a hot We in Central Sq. 02139, July 22, 2014.  Plus Coffee Ice Cream Sandwich, Mango Sorbet, Aztec Chocolate Sorbet (which is hot), Cinnamon, and Ovaltine.  The flavors change over the course of the day until we close at 11PM.  We also have lots of ice cream cakes, ice cream sandwiches, and cookies we bake before we open., Lunenburg, Mass. must be paradise based on the fruits and vegetables that appear in farmers' markets.  The spectacular strawberry season has given way to raspberries.  Spectacular plums have also appeared.  I imagine the town looks like a Maxfield Parrish painting.   In August we make Peach ice cream and sorbet using wonderful fruit.  The years ends with apricots., Kyle is from New Mexico.  New England winters are bad enough but we all spend too much time in our 20 below zero walk-in freezer. Kyle says that the headphones work like earmuffs.  His knowledge of earmuffs is recently acquired., Yesterday Mario and Gus went to Jean Berko Gleason's house for an IgNobel barbeque.  The IgNobel awards are given every year for achievements in science that first make you laugh and then make you think.

This barbeque was such an event.  Daniel Rosenberg supervises many things at Harvard's Science Center.  He never leaves home without his safety glasses!  There is no better nor more qualified person to cook at an event like this.  Dan managed hot dogs and turkey burgers and then for dessert we collaborated in order to make ice cream using liquid nitrogen.

The day before Toscanini's had prepared a clove infusion by heating milk and cream in a double boiler and adding a large number of cloves.  The flavor also required a carefully measured portion of Jameson's whiskey, but during the exhilaration of the barbeque we simply emptied the bottle.  Here Dan amped up his command presence and donned the safety gloves he only wears during formal occasions.  Then assisted by another IgNobel stalwart we poured liquid nitrogen from a jeroboam-sized thermos into the Clove-Jameson's mixture.  People stood back like junior high school students watching the launch of a bottle rocket.  Dan stirred and stirred.

If you freeze something quickly you get small evenly distributed ice crystals and that usually -but not always- means better ice cream.  Dan's blacksmith-like efforts and a bottle of expensive booze produced a wonderful, very smooth dessert.  While I was watching Dan, a man next to me said, "My mother used to use liquid nitrogen."  People often say things like this at Jean Berko Gleason's home.  "Why?" I asked, "Did your mother use liquid nitrogen?"  He answered levelly, in a conversational way, "She was a biologist and an anatomist.  She studied muscles and how they worked.  She used liquid nitrogen in her experiments."  Maybe it was a John Irving moment, but the ice cream was a Dan Rosenberg moment.  At the next IgNobel bbq we will try to surpass the University of Indiana's speed record for igniting a grill, probably using liquid oxygen.  Everybody keeps these things around their house, under proper conditions with routine inspections from a safety officer., Cambridge Arts Council is sponsoring a series of street improvements and public art installations.  The first one located in Jill Brown-Rhone Park, across from the store has suffered late-night drunken abuse.  People from the arts council have been relatively steady about the physical destruction of art.  Last night the interative sculpture was used by children playfully hiding from showers and then left alone.  Thank goodness., Just came back from an ice cream event at the River St. Whole Foods.  We did the event with Cold Fusion from Newport, RI and Chilly Cow from Arlington.  The best looking guy in the ice cream business, Mark Sampson was signing autographs for Chilly Cow and Tom Selleck.  No one could have asked for a better day.  Perfect weather for giving away samples.  We brought Belgian Chocolate, Cocoa Pudding, French Vanilla, Grape Nut and Burnt Caramel.  

Yesterday was the Taste of Cambridge which was also a big success.  These large events are great schmoozing opportunities for talking to friends and competitors.  And the Taste of Cambridge has great eats.  I had a pork belly taco from Craigie on Main that was awesome!  Barismo had Cold Brew Iced Tea which we had after setting up our station near the minature golf course.  Wagamama sells Japanese noodles and more and they also had great cold drinks.  There was also artisanal cider and several of Cambridge's new K9 recruits., These were the flavors around 4PM but Friday is a crazy night.  During the summer we're open until midnight on Friday and Saturday.  We also have Coconut Sorbet, Banana Sorbet and Mango Sorbet and Ovaltine ice cream., I'm not sure why they didn't just come to visit us?  We're right down the street.

http://www.engadget.com/2014/07/16/3d-printing-with-ice-cream-mit/

(h/t to Tosci and MIT alum Augustine Fou), Our futbol expert weighs in after the World Cup.

What is wrong with soccer nowadays? 
I mean, I’ve always loved that sport and watched all World cups since I was 7 (1970), loving them. This year, however, ’m not enjoying many of the games, in particular those in which nobody scores for a long time. Extra time generally follows in those cases, very often followed by penalties that are kind of a casino-like way of deciding which team has to go on. Why is this so? Why teams are so good at guarding their goals but not good enough at scoring? The case of the very boring semifinal between Argentina and Holland is only the last example in this sense (while the other semifinal was more a collective psychodramma than a soccer game).
I think the reason for that triumph of 0-0 results is simple, and it would be simple to fix it; however, I'm sure this won’t happen for a long time. Today the players are very athletic, the vast majority of teams at a World Cup have very good technical skills and many are also very disciplined from a tactical point of view. In brief, reaching the other team’s goal is too difficult because the players are too good at defending and there are too many of them.
A good solution, one that would make soccer games much more interesting, would  be to play with only 10 players against 10 players (or even 9 against 9). That this would be good becomes clear even now, when in a game a red card kicks out a players for each team. At that point, the game becomes much faster and unpredictable. In one word, it is much more fun.
However, the mystic of the number 11 is too strong in the world of soccer. Nobody will ever accept that there may be less player on a field than 11. 
Too bad that this magic number produces boredom. 

We are at an inflection point., Sunny Sunday Jul 13 in Central Square.  The flavors at 1PM, plus Mango Sorbet, Banana Sorbet, Coconut Sorbet, Ovaltine and Turkish Mocha.  We close at 11PM on Sundays., Andy invented World Cup jimmies for today's finals.  Get the appropriate color for your favorite team., Amy's Ice Creams in Austin TX has a few ice cream makers but no better bicyclist than Chuck who showed up today on his way to Maine.  He gave me lessons in South End traffic and Travis County cruising.  We joked about measuring longevity in the ice cream business.  "I'm not sure how big a hole I've scooped serving ice cream but I know I've filled it several times making ice cream.", Thursdy night was busy and everyone in the ice cream making area was covered with milk, sugar, cream and water.  The famous Sari Boren visited with friends including the bachelorettes from Batch ice cream.  All we could do is laugh about summer.  They were much cleaner., A regular feature of food magazines is "My favorite tool."  My least favorite tool is any can opener we've ever bought.  You can see the result of all this poor craftsmanship., These are the ice cream flavors at 5P on a stunning Sa Jul 12, 2014.  Plus Mango Sorbet, Coconut Sorbet and Banana Sorbet., Went to Brian Sway's birthday at Thirsty Scholar.  Everyone was famous and the nachos should be.  One guy had produced a band infamous in Toscanini's history because of a t shirt worn by aJosh Weinstein, a Hampshire College graduate.  The band will here be called "AC".   A scooper arrives at the beginning of his shift and puffs up his chest, "Can I wear this shirt?" I took a quick look.  "Absolutely not," I said.
"That's okay," he said and shrugged, "I brought another one."

While we sitting outside facing Beacon Street and the gloaming darkness of Somahville a woman approached the birthday boy, Brian Sway.  He was wearing a shirt for Bob's a coffee shop in Uptown Minneapolis.  "I started Bob's while i was a graduate student in Minnesota. Now I work at the Wellesley College Museum.", Abe Rybeck just called.  THE Abe Rybeck, of the Theater Offensive and an upstairs neighbor when we first opened.  Abe was looking for ice cream for a community theater activity he's been working on.  Years ago, when our part of Central Square was "friskier" than it is now i was making ice cream after midnight.  Abe walked down the street in a red satin dress, struck a pose, smiled and waved and walked on by.  A vision in the night., Flavors change.  This is the lineup at 4PM on We Jul 9.  Plus Banana Sorbet, Mango Sorbet, Chocolate Sorbet, Butter Pecan, and Tiramisu, The flavors for Tu Jul 8 at 530PM.  Plus Chocolate Sorbet, Mango Sorbet and Butter Pecan.  They will change and we will be open tonight until 11PM.  No espresso drinks after 1030PM., My Pet Shark and I were at Russo's in Watertown.  We'd come for a case of Ginger and to spend time at The Happiest Place in Watertown.  My father saw this shirt first.  A man was in front of the ice cream freezer  which I was trying to find.  He looked diligent.  It was Bruce Jenks from Maple Valley Ice Cream Creamery in Hadley.  We talked about pints and flavors and I asked if i could photograph the shirt.  Way cool.

And I learned that the Spanish word for Ginger is Jengibre., In order to deliver ice cream to Ptown's Nut House Willy has to arrive in Central Square by 5AM, load up the truck and get to Provincetown before Commercial Street closes at 9AM.  Its a nice drive south and then east, with the rising sun and against the commuter tide.  Ptown is just waking up.  The hard part is getting home when you're now tired and not energized by the sunrise.  

But Willy braved the crazy people in SUV's to deliver the ice cream  Tomorrow night is Jazz at PAAM   www.paam.org  Then ice cream.  It is all worth it., Willy braved the crazy people in SUV's to deliver ice cream to the Nut House.  Tomorrow night is Jazz at PAAM   www.paam.org  Then ice cream, Pete Ellis came in for a frappe after late night soccer in Chinatown.  He will see Tara this weekend, and babt!, Red.  Lots of red fruits at Central Square State Fair including Sweet Cherries, Raspberries and the last Strawberries of the year., Went for a bike ride, on a perfect day and ended at the Charles Square Farmers' Market where both of the Boettger Sisters could be found.  Like Olivia de Havilland and Joan Fontaine or Frank and Jesse James or William and Henry James.  We talked about Paddy's on Walden St. and the end of strawberry season and the arrival of raspberries.  The raspberries did arrive at Kimball Farms but left for people's homes.  I bought sweet cherries and strawberries., Mike Penta and Amanda Palmer checked in and then out.  

We still make our own fudge.

We haven't been bought by anyone.

Amanda is continuing to work on her memoirs and getting to the good parts.

Shannon is acting in NYC and just received an advanced nursing degree.  Mary has started a sake brewery in Ashville.  

Pat Egan manages an Indian-owned motel near 128 and continues to write his noir., Fifth of July in Harvard, Mass., The flavors we have at 6PM on a quietly wet Fourth of July, plus Pistachio, Mango Sorbet, Chocolate Sorbet.  Tonight we're open until midnight, as we regularly are on Fridays and Sundays during the summer when the MBTA has extended hours., Harry plays guitar in Today Junior and is scooping tonight., Started the day with migas made with last night's nachos from Strip-T's.  We snuck in, didn't order much and left dumbfounded.  Altogether amazing., We made the NYT today!!!  

Way to go team (and what a great mention for Emily!!)

http://www.nytimes.com/2014/07/02/dining/ever-true-to-you-local-parlor.html, My ride down the Southwest Corridor bike path was interrupted by the sight of a  tall man who seemed to be walking two muskrats, perhaps with invisible leashes or a new electrical remote that kept the talks nearby.  None of these things were true.  The tall man was former scooper Lucas Hughes, brother of Annie, Judah and Alec.  The muskrats were a distinguished admixture of little dog breeds.  Lucas brought me up to speed on all his family members who are at least as famous as the Baldwins of Long Island.  Annie lives in Oakland and recently had a baby.  Judah,his wife and two children live along the Connecticut River.  Alec does caricatures for Yankee Candle and everyone's dad lives in Newport Bech CA where he counsels people in transition.  

We laughed about former coworkers including those who played too much Steely Dan and those who were in bands and hoped to become popstars., A large group of creative types, funders and young people created this parklet in front of Mei Mei Street Kitchen near Audubon Circle.  There is a solar-powered station for recharging phones and a greenery.  Way cool., If you're in the ice cream business in Cambridge there are big and little events to contend with, and even enjoy.  The Central Square River Festival was immense and on Friday the annual City Dance took place in front of City Hall.  It too featured huge crowds of happy people.  But we also donated ice cream to the Mid Cambridge Neighborhood Assocition's annual event and  a Sunday block party on Amory Street.  

For weeks we have been planning for what is usually the busiest day of the year, The Fourth of July.  All scoopers must work during this period and if you can not then we do not hire you.  We plot to fufill all the predictable wholesale orders for Whole Foods, Formaggio's, B. Good and the Nut House.  Below is ourlist of flavors we intend to serve before and after the fireworks.  

The flavors we will have on  the Fourth of July:

French Vanilla
Belgian Chocolate
Hydrox Cookie
B3
Coffee
Khulfee
Chocolate Chip
Cookie Dough
Mint Chocolate Chip
Strawberry
Green Tea
Grape Nut
Ovaltine
Burnt Caramel
Salty Caramel
Nocciola
Cocoa Pudding
Banana Pudding
Coffee Hydrox Cookie
Cake Batter
Black & Blue
Pistachio
Butter Pecan
Rum Raisin
Tiramisu
Creamsicle
Cocoa Rum Brownie
Ginger Snap Molasses
Cherry Vanilla
Mango Sorbet
Berry Sorbet
Coconut Sorbet

America’s birthday!, We got a nice mention in the Metro earlier this week-- the flavors mentioned might show up, but they're still works in progress.

http://www.metro.us/newyork/entertainment/going-out/2014/06/23/which-boston-ice-cream-shop-is-right-for-you-see-our-guide-to-find-out/, A few of our fans sent us this NYT article (thanks everyone!).  Some great places to try on our next trip to NYC!

http://www.nytimes.com/2014/07/02/dining/hungry-city-old-world-ice-cream-parlors.html, Flavors for a very good Saturday afternoon.  Jun 28, 2014., I was at Economy Hardware in Central Square when I almost took this away from a child.  At first the store thought the price was $6.99.  Around my part of Staten Island they were 15 cents.  Actually they now go for $2.99.  When the Spalding company introduced this ball in 1949 it might have been 5 cents.  We used them for everything:  stickball, punchball, boxball, stoopball, playing catch.  If you used one in class Mrs. Bohan would take it away from you and return it during the last week of school, along with an Art Ditmar baseball card.  They were called Spaldeens and didn't have bar codes on them., Last night was the twenty-first Mid Cambridge Neighborhood Association Fourth of July get-together.  We have donated ice cream to all of them.  Neighborhood celebrities like John Pitkin and Frankie Leiberman and Sara Mae Berman were there.  Robert Winters was there!  So were adorable golden retrievers and wonderful kids.  Lake Wobegon on Broadway, near the new library., The Shamrock and Thistle is a fixture on Walden Street near the famous slowly-constructed bridge over the commuter rail.  New management has appeared and this sign suggests the changes.  They also sell delicious bread from Brookline's Clear Flour Bakery., Gluten free macaroon., Strawberries were three weeks late this year and these Canadian Geese arrived late as well.  The babies look like adorable tennis balls but then...., Profiteroles was the last meal.

Years ago the spot that became Rendezvous was a grumpy womens' bar, and then it became a grumpy Burger King before becoming the city's nicest restaurant in an odd setting.  Owner Steve Johnson has decided to sell the restaurant and last night, We June 25 was the final night.  

On a hot night the room was jammed with regulars and well-wishers.  It was often filled with figures that were familiar and almost recognizable, "He works at MIT and started a company that makes better drains."  "And they both teach Russian lit, one at Harvard and the other at Williams."  

The food and service were always great and the overall effect was consistently marvelous, a great restaurant for Cambridge's prosperous Boho's.  Everyone on the staff got a moment in the spotlight, be they bartender, host or waiter.  For a guy who ringmastered a wonderful social gathering Johnson could seem a little reticent.  He bicycled around the zip code, on Mondays he might show up at the Central Square Farmers' Market.  People commented on his personal cleaning of the sidewalk in front of the restaurant.  

My last meal was served by a bartender from Belmont who'd once worked for my brother at Rancatore's.  The kitchen had closed but we were able to get an order of profiteroles.  As soon as I ate the first hazelnut I remembered the dish from a previous night.    We worked with knife and fork, occasionally talking to a roboticist from MIT.  We didn't talk about robots.  We talked about Australian prime ministers.

Rendvous is gone.  It will be hard to replace.  Customers had guilty small discussions  about where everyone might go.  i suggested the quiet back room at Dhosa Factory.  Someone else suggested the renovated McDonald's.  Steve Johnson intends to open a new restaurant near the Rhode Island-Mass. border.  It will be worth the ride., Billy Ruane died in November, 2010 and I still look at every motor scooter to see if he's riding down Mass. Avenue.  Yesterday I heard a story that was all Billy.  A friend said he'd taken a class with Ruane but afterwards  when they bumped into each other Ruane knew they knew each other, but he wasn't sure from where.  And somewhat naturally Billy thought the other guy was a musician from a band.  After a dozen of these encounters my friend just gave up and talked to Billy about imaginary gigs with bad sound and worse bathrooms., our brother joe found this....some of the pitfalls we have to do., null, Boston Magazine writes about Toto pops!  

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2014/06/18/eight-ways-cool-summer/, We're happy to support this great Arts project:  New England's only free, outdoor, bilingual summer theater. 

Learn more:

https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/181677987/apollinaire-in-the-park-0, A panorama for Hawk, of all the flavors and an allergy alert.  Su June 15, 2014.  Fathers' Day.  And a quite beautiful day., Looks like pea soup but turned into very good Olive Oil ice cream, which we made for a sick person, and made once before for Central Bottle., Flavors for for Sa Jun 14, 2014.  Plus Straw Margarita Sorbet and Coconut Sorbet.  Pride!  Amy of Amy's in in own.  Hershey should be.  Rain will end.  Yea., Th Jun 12 2014 flavors plus Coconut Sorbet, Mango Sorbet, Crunchy Peanut Butter, Cherry Nilla Nilla, Our famous Toto Pops are BACK!  It must be summer., Ice cream flavors for a crazy busy Sa June 7, 2014.  We also have Coconut Sorbet, Chocolate Sorbet and Mango Sorbet.  During the summer we're open until midnight on Fridays and Saturdays.  Then tomorrow, Sunday, we reopen at 9AM., The second biggest city in New England is neither Providence, Rhode Island nor Portland, Maine.  It is Worcester, Mass, where Steve and Elena live.  But today's Central Square River Festival may draw 200,000 people which would make Central Square the second busiest city in New England and the smartest, of course. But all the streets are closed until 10PM so driving will be impossible.  

During the summer we are open on Friday and Saturday until midnight because of the MBTA's extended hours.  Tomorrow is Sunday and we will open at 9AM.  

We will post pictures of the menu board on Facebook and Twitter but the flavors change throughout the day and on a busy day they can change quickly.  

Come visit., I often say that running an ice cream store in Cambridge is like running a bar.  Today Dr. Rene Chapados showed up, in town for her Wellesley College reunion.  Rene worked here while going to college.  

Last week's reunion news involved one of our first "celebrity customers."  Not a celebrity by the standards of People or People en Espanol, but a celebrity as a customer we recognize.  Spike was a tall Harvard student who described himself as a bike messenger.  He wore real bird wings on his bicycle helmet.  On this recent visit he revealed that the wings were neither hawk wings nor falcon wings, but grouse wings.  Now we know.  Sometimes customers are very modest and emphasize different aspects of their lives.  Spike was more of a linguistics major than a bike messenger. 

He also was involved in one of those Gumball Rally events that we strenuously condemn, where people drive melting ice cream to someplace.  Spike only took ice cream to a wedding in a nearby state.  This did not threaten Scott Ambrose Reilly's Death Race 2000 drive to California but when Spike visited for reunion we packed ice cream in a foam box with dry ice and he was able to drive it to Western Mass. at a safe speed. 

Now he lives out in Oakland but he returned to Cambridge for his reunion and ginger Snap Molasses., Tripadvisor's Flipkey just named us Best Ice Cream on their bucket list of top dairy destinations and remarked:

 "You know something's good when both Boston and New York agree. "

http://www.flipkey.com/blog/2014/06/04/milk-was-a-good-choice-best-dairy-in-the-world/, Flavors for MIT's Commencement on a very nice Fr, June 6.  Plus -on the difficult to photograph third flavor board:  Mango Sorbet, Chocolate Sorbet, Coconut Sorbet and Ovaltine., BostInno  gives us some props!  Granted, it's about the Thrillist award-- but we'll take it.

http://bostinno.streetwise.co/2014/06/02/best-ice-cream-shops-in-massachusetts/, Formaggio improves bus service with barbeque at Huron Avenue stop., The new issue of Boston Magazine has nice things to say about our Iced Vietnamese Coffee and Vietnamese Coffee ice cream.  

A fan of the traditional Vietnamese iced coffee served at shops like Dorchester’s Bánh Mì Ba Le, Gus Rancatore created his own version, which skips the traditional chicory-spiked base in favor of an intense, cold-brewed dark roast, from Washington-based Batdorf & Bronson, that’s enhanced by sweetened condensed milk. 

Can’t get enough of the Vietnamese-style coffee at Toscanini’s? Try the Vietnamese coffee ice cream, a frequent summer special.

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/article/2014/05/27/iced-coffee-drinks/
, Our best friend, the ice cream machine., "Brown eggs are local eggs.  Local eggs are fresher"   If you aren't from Boston you probably don't recognize this.  I'm not, but I know Gary Sesser., Its Harvard graduation and we're waiting for better people to arrive.  

Years ago we had a store in Harvard Square.  A very distinguished man came in at graduation and ordered Grape Nut ice cream in a cone.  The next day he came back and said, in a sonorous voice, that "the Grape Nut ice cream tasted neither like grapes nor nuts."  I think he was prime minister of a small country.  

Another man, a famous teacher would order pounds of coffee on a weekly basis.  Most weeks he would ask me if I knew that "coffee was invented in Africa?" l would say, "Yes, I do."  And he would again explain the discovery myths of coffee, as he had the week before.  

Two other faculty members had wives who functioned as "advance men" for their famous spouses.  They would enter the store and gesture to their distinguished spouse and whisper, "Do you know who that is?"  And I would say because my knowledge of trivia extends from the television shows of Robert Conrad to tenured faculty members.  "Yes, I do."  All of us were happy.  The ice cream tasted better.

Be nice to people in blue blazers., Tony Maws and Mr. Cheap.

Eater.com reports free bar snacks at Kirkland Tap & Trotter.  Sadly this does not include the famous hot dog.  Still...   This is great.

On my first trip to England I went with a Herald sportswriter who had once been a Mr. Cheap columnist in Birmingham, Alabama.  He's also played American football in Birmingham, England where he had also spent very little money.  

We stayed in London's premier Australian neighborhood, Earl's Court, then known as Kangaroo Court.  On arrival after a long plane trip my heart sank because Earl's Court looks a lot like Central Square.  Subsequent trips to Europe unearthed other city neighborhoods that evoke Piazza Centrale.  Like my own patch of Cambridge they are also affordable but located near  interesting and more expensive neighborhoods.  For Michael this was a challenge.  How little money could we spend?  The answer was we could spend not much.  Michael knew London and was a wonderful guide, sharing his literary and theatrical enthusiasms.  We used our Harvard Community Health Plan cards to get additional discounts on unsold tickets at the National Theater.  "We're adult students!"  We haunted phone banks at train stations to make free phone calls when people had unused "carryover time" because of the briefness of their calls.  And once when I was, as I am too often, hungry, Michael prevented me from buying a hot dog for some insignificant price, "There's a pub in East London that has free hot dogs from 5PM to 6PM!"  "But I'm hungry now.  I want to eat.  I'll pay."  We waited for the free hot dogs.  But I will pay for a Tony Maws hot dog on Kirkland St.  And I bet Michael would., Former super scooper Carol Cantwell lives out in SF, where Mitchell has replaced Hershey as part of our presence.  Carol runs and writes 
http://biggirlrunning.tumblr.com/

Her nieces visited, Jemma and Hannah.  , This sounds good.  

http://www.grubstreet.com/2014/05/morgernsterns-finest-ice-cream-new-york-city.html, Ann Koplow was a regular customer, and part of the Hong Kong movie mob that filled the Coolidge, the Brattle and even the MFA.  She returned to Central Square and blogged.  

http://annkoplow.wordpress.com/2014/05/26/day-511-all-request-weekend/, We are honored to be named one of the top 21 ice cream shops in America!

http://www.thrillist.com/eat/nation/best-ice-cream-shops-ample-hills-humphry-slocombe-and-more?ref=facebook-869, The first blocks of Windsor Street are undistinguished but a place that always draws me because I have seen so much odd stuff there:  MIT students testing a drone several years ago, gamelan musicians, a famous chef throwing a beer bottle against a wall.  Today there was simply a jazz trio practicing on a loading dock.  Good enough., Typing up notes about long-ago times and people.  Amanda Palmer is writing her memoirs and asked for details.  We met when she was in high school.  She grew into the nine foot tall bride and kept growing.  What do I say about the guy who threatened to kill me with a metal pipe or the MIT professor who was anxious to see if any of our ingredients luminesced  in the dark like Necco wafers., Demitasse cups waiting for visiting Italian scholars., Memorial Day flavors.  Hiding on the third flavor board are Ovaltine, Butter Pecan, Blackberry Sorbet and Chocolate Sorbet., A strange day with lots of skateboarders and familiar faces from the past who don't skateboard  Gabin was here as were a few former women rugby players and a woman who was part of the Hong Kong movie community that was so cheerful when the Brattle, the Coolidge Corner and the MFA were all showing Jackie Chan movies like Drunken Master 2 and Jet Li movies like Fong Sai Yuk.  Author Greer Gilder was here and so were a few young chefs.  A nice day outside and lots of nice customer.  And relatives visited from Lawrence Mass., OMG!  20% off everything at Bodega.  Clearway and Mass. Avenue., We take these pictures for special and insistent customers.  Take a chance on romance and see what we have.  The flavors change quickly when we're busy so that many of these flavors will be gone if you come by after seeing Mr. Deeds Goes to Town at the Harvard Film Archive.  7PM., There is a lot of good stuff at the Harvard Film Archive.  Frank Capra and Mizoguchi.  No popcorn but the only theatre in a Corbusier building.  http://hcl.harvard.edu/hfa/films/2014aprjun/mizoguchi.html, The flavors forFriday May 23.  We're open until  midnight tonight and tomorrow, and every Friday and Saturday night until Labor Day.  Let's see how the new MBTA hours work., We opened in 1981, in a building, a Central Square, and a Cambridge that were much different.  Last night a customer form those earliest days visited and asked if I remembered him.  While I couldn't specifically remember him I could certainly remember the group he was part of.  From the earliest day the store has been part of and hosted several different communities.  Not one community, but several, often unaware of each other's existence.  

We first opened with an MIT fraternity in temporary residence above the store, while their new home was being constructed.  There was also a prophetic group of gay men living upstairs, including the soon-to-be-famous, or perhaps already-famous Abe Rybeck.  One night a week the Tech Squares visited, dressed like a touring company of Oklahoma.  On another night the Israeli Folk Dancers arrived.  We also had the best-dressed group, MIT's Ballroom Dancing Team  who arrived in evening wear.  And I think on Wednesdays this old customer was part of a meeting of Science for the People, the left-wing advocacy group that included Cambridge celebrities like George Wald and his wife Ruth Hubbard, and MIT professor Louis Kampf.  They would arrive en masse after their meeting, a revolutionary vanguard of ice cream eating activists.  We tried to identify the celebrated conspirators and guess who might be FBI agents.  Those were the days.  We also has a different vanguard:  the first two Sloan students I'd met who left for Silicon Valley.  At the end of the school year they said good-bye and said they'd been hired by Atari.  "We're getting a lot of money," one joked, "but its all in quarters.

We also had another theater impressario, Carlton Doctor, who lived with a medical student known as Doctor Marty.  And shortly after we opened a quiet man moved in who allegedly made a lot of money writing papers for students.  He also drank crazy quantities of Diet Pepsi.

Last night's visitor still writes about science for a variety of outlets and says that the members of  Science for the People were actually concerned about FBI types, and did confirm some surveillance.  I hope everyone liked their ice cream., These will become Cocoa Pudding for the weekend., The first movie version of State Fair starred Jeanne Crain and Dana Andrews.  The second version starred Pat Boone and New Trier High School graduate, Ann-Margaret.  Central Square's own State Fair is every Monday when the Farmers' Market opens.  Livestock, tractor pulls involving suburban housewives going to H Mart and ... Alec Crabbe and Shish from ASTA.  He's the "A" and she's the "S".  Asta is way cool, across the river on Mass. Ave. 

One vendor was selling tomato plants and herbs for planting so we're not at the peak of nature's abundance.  On the other hand Union Square Donuts joined Hi Rise as bakeries at the market.  Another new vendor from Vermont is Cedar Hollow which sells goat cheese and jellied preserves.  They have a Jelly and Cheese of the Month Club which was cute as Harry and David.  The Tipping Cow is a new ice cream company from Medford.  Their Corn and Strawberry Basil ice creams were excellent.  They don't yet have a store., Lazy brunch at La Brasa in the rapidly changing East Somahville.  Half the neighborhood is filling up with new immigrants while newcomers who aren't exactly yuppies arrive.  Once they called them "Barney's"., My favorite barista is Judson who I first discovered at the old Hi Rise in the small space at the Blacksmith House.  Now he's at Somerville's La Brasa doing special coffees and desserts.  He was one of the first people to use jars to serve coffee.  His jar of Iced Latte is again available, on Broadway in the rapidly changing East Somahville., Went to Stockholm.  Everyone says go visit the Nobel Museum.  The museum is handsome but also has an odd, possibly Swedish sense of hierachy and procession which makes moving through the exhibitions odd.  Its a little goofy-footed.  There is a cafe; there is always a good cafe in Stockholm buildings.  Famously you can turn over the chairs and find signatures of Nobelists.  I turned over all the chairs looks for Marc Abrahams signature. A Swede asked what I was doing and I said "I was looking for the signature of the man who hosts the IgNobels and edits the  Annals of Improbable Research."  "Mr Abrahams?" she said.  I nodded.  "The man with the top hat?" she asked.  Again I nodded.  Then she joined me and we continued to turn over chairs., Two memorable signs, separated by much more than miles., We're the not white truck.  This is Rosev in Chelsea, which  supplies us with so much especially on Sunday when we need half gallons of heavy  cream.  The other trucks are known in the business as ding-a-ling trucks, an only-in- Boston expression of juvenalia.  Most of the vendors speak Spanish.  I wonder if there is a Spanish phrase for ding-a-ling truck.  More info soon., Went to Stockholm for a break, and "for the waters" or at least the very good coffee Swedes drink.  Drop and Mean Coffee were exceptional cafes  

Swedes are the fourth largest per capita consumers of ice cream, which is what you'd expect once you get past the idea that people eat more ice cream in hot climates.  In Stockholm, coffee is everywhere; ice cream is not very visible.  I did have one astounding coffee ice cream at a restaurant, but that returns us to the Nordic preoccupation with coffee.

Stockholm certainly has one of the best transit systems in the world and if you're a subway guy then this place is worth a visit.  Someone might even suggest the guys at the MBTA visit but I bet they're off to Brazil for the World Cup., Slippery and wet., Yummy., Back in Somerville.  In a real Innovation Zone.  Real Innovation Zones don't include steak houses or Legal Sea Foods.  The old Ames Envelope complex is real, but  hidden between railroad tracks and Somerville Avenue.  Here, people make eccentric bicycles, do numeric photography, build canoes, and repaint newspaper boxes.  First Artisans Asylum opened, and then Brooklyn Boulders and now Aeronaut Brewers.  Aeronaut is several guys from MIT who like so many engineers enjoy making beer.  When they constructed their brewery they realized that they wanted -needed, even- sympathetic creative neighbors, who would work on food projects.  Barismo the uncompromising coffee roaster moved their roastery form Arlington  and other companies have come together to create an incubator for better food-centered enterprises.  Last night Aeronaut sponsored a sake tasting that linked up with a similar group working in a part of Japan that faces many challenges.  The sake was terrific.  One of Aeronuat's new tenants, Peter Ungar of The Dining Alternative and the soon-to-open TastingCounter provided small wonderful bite to accompany the sake.  

For years we have made ice creams with beer.  The Guinness we make is not a stupid St. Patrick's Day flavor for drinking while watching the Dropkick Murphys.  Its a popular flavor from Trinidad where people also use the very sweet Guinness to make Guinness Pies.  We have used wort from Cambridge Brewing in the One Kendall Square complex.  We even worked with Clown Shoes to create beer based on our Burnt Caramel ice cream.  

We hope to work with Aeronaut on new flavors., Last night in Somerville.  Went to La Brasa to visit barista extraordinae Judson MacRae.  Judson is making super coffees with two other staristas, and uses our Sweet Cream  to make affogato's for dessert.  We left the restaurant to walk down a much-changed East Broadway towards Sullivan Square.  We passed two Ethiopian women leaving an Ethiopian grocery and a man carrying a Minnie Mouse pinata in one hand, holding onto his daughter with the other hand, smiling., Now starring in the Disney on Ice version of Game of Thrones.  Our once and forever queen, Jen Zink.  Jen was visiting from Uptown Minneapolis where she does coffee and reigns with King Borealis.  She signed autographs and academic theses.  Then like Tilda Swinton she went airport and vanished into the sky., We display this cake with great trepidation.  We have far too many customers who are Course 16 types who study  Aero Astro and still have fund memories of Space Camp.  Hardly a day goes by without someone showing up in a Space Camp t shirt.  And now that Jess has created this masterpiece of pastry... well we may be making cakes for Yuri Gargarin's birthday and the anniversary of Freedom 7., @crunchyflavor Love grape nuts.  Grape nuts with chips, cookie dough, raisins, dried cherries ...  Jamaica's best ice creamery adds grape nuts to ice cream., Affordable bird house in North Cambridge.  Endangered by rampant development funded by Chinese flight capital., Berries at Formaggio are crazy good.  Been playing with raspberries, blackberries and tiny tomatoes in a Rice Vinegar caramel., They call him Mr. Grant.  Nick Grant has been Mr. Grant since he began teaching the financially and athletically gifted at better prep schools and ski academies.  He's left that behind but will always be Mr. Grant to the people who remember.  He and the ever-patient Jean visited on Sunday with Ian and Maggie.  Steve's Ice Cream scooper makes good., Sa May 3 flavors.  Nice day.  Nice group of flavors., Even our pint containers taste good., We just sent a pint of fudge down to Florida's west coast.  You can't carry it on but you can bury it in your luggage.  Wrap it carefully so you don't get home with chocolate clothing., Beautiful flavors for a beautiful Fr May 2., Special hands wering special gloves available at H Mart, Two days ago former super scooper Taras Mauch visited.  he's working at Seasoned to Taste in Somerville.  I never have trouble remembering his name because of the awful Tony Curtis-William Shatner movie, Taras Bulba.  I saw it as a child at the St. George theater., Best name for a good cause.  Found in Translation prepares "people in transition" for jobs as medical translators.  We get approached by all sorts of charities.  These guys have a good program, a bike ride to support it and a wonderful name.  Onward and upward., I think Moldova has the best phone service in the world, courtesy of France's Orange.  http://www.nytimes.com/video/technology/personaltech/100000002854892/calling-with-clarity.html  We could move..., We got a very nice note from Barismo, our uncompromising coffee vendor who are moving to a new roastery in Somahville.  Their small cafe in Arlington will continue and so will the Dwelltime cafe on Broadway in the neighborhood I have christened "Longfellow Village."  The note was delivered by bicycle, by Barismo's perfectly green and industrious Jackie Coolican., One of the great treats of living in Boston is FREE music at the different conservatories.  Tonight at beautiful Jordan Hall.  8PM  http://necmusic.edu/gioviale-string-quartet, Nancy Silverton's cookbook and an empty berry container., We've got two new posters up, one from Ken Field for jazz Week and then a dense type-only poster listing all music events at MIT during May.  The blow-ups are from The ColourCorporation, previously Service Point and long ago Charrette., May Day flavors in Central Square.  It's stopped raining., The best flavors for We Ap 30.  We make a variety of Khulfee flavors.  Today we have a new Saffron Pineapple variaant.  Cardamom is almost always included.  Do people have favorites?  There is Kenyan Khulfee, Saffron Orange, original cardamom.  They all sell but we're curious about how customers feel., Marie Campbell has much to do while sitting on her surfboard and waiting for the Seventh Wave. She is also following Singapore's Hello Kitty crisis. There is a distinguished East Asian scholar who collects toys from Japnaese McDonald's, as does Kevin Brown who designed our stereo system.  http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/SB10001424052702303834304579523793654859518, Marie Campbell has much to do while sitting on her surfboard and waiting for the Seventh Wave.  She is also following Singapore's Hello Kitty crisis.  There is a distinguished East Asian scholar who collects toys from Japnaese McDonald's, as does Kevin Brown who designed our stereo system., I think JP Lick's Vince Petryk is or has been in Russia, or Ukraine.  He sent us a Russian language version of our website  http://500v.net/site/tosci.com/  I went to Russia when it was still Soviet Unions. Russian ice cream was famous and available on every corner.  I think there was only one flavor, a very good Sweet Cream sort, that you could get as hard ice cream if the ice cream had just been delivered to one of the ubiquitous kiosks, or soft ice cream if you arrived  a little bit later.  One evening a friend said she had seen someone eating chocolate ice cream at the Moscow Zoo, but another friend quickly said the Soviets wouldn't import chocolate and the flavor was dark in color and made with Kvass, the grain-based alternative to Coke and Pepsi.  When we were there Pepsico had negotiated an exclusive for the entire Evil Empire.  Travelers often talk about different version of Coke and Pepsi.  Soviet Pepsi was incredibly sweet, viscous in mouthfeel and usually served without ice.  I didn't drink Pepsi for a year after escaping.  It was certainly in keeping with the company politics for Ben and Jerry to have had a factory operating near Leningrad.  The B&J operation was in Karelia, or -if you're Finnish- Occupied Karelia.  Karelia is the setting for the Finnish national epic but it has been part of the Soviet Union since World War 2.   When I got to Helsinki I had wonderful Cloudberry ice cream.  In most ways Finland is nicer than the US.  Had American liberals spent fifty years praising Scandinavia  their case would have been convincing.  The Politics of Ice Cream.  , @johnhawkinson Where are you?  I've been playing with a better French Vanilla.  And I keep working on Roxbury Puddingstone., Serious Eats suggests Four Great Books about Coffee.  I don't just read their stuff about pizza.  http://drinks.seriouseats.com/2014/04/best-coffee-books-beginners-advanced-coffee-lovers-gift-ideas.html, Marie Campbell spends most of her days in Hawaii watching the surf, most of her nights watching John Milius' Big Wednesday.  But she sent important news about new Haagen Dazs flavors made from vegetables, and available in Japan.   https://www.yahoo.com/food/haagen-dazs-is-making-vegetable-flavored-ice-cream-and-83538868643.html, Had a great time at the Science of Eating event at MIT Museum.  Part of th Cambridge Science Festival.  Gave away 150 cups and got at least 150 flavor suggestions.  Pizza ice cream was not the best.  Maybe Halivah was the best which we made once but need to bring back.  

Also got very special Limoncello from Italy's space program.  This universal solvent will be used to improve everything, including our moods., Today, from 1P>4P, The MIT Museum is hosting A Science of Eating.  I will be speaking about the mysteries of ice cream around 3P., Maria Ogno Parnassas enjoys explaining her ideas about changing the ice cream store inspired by snakes.  This is her second semester at Sloan., Maria Ogno Parnassas of Salem, Ma outlines her plan for a better ice cream store.   The scheme looks a lot like the original cartoon of Essex County that protested Governor Gerry's "Gerrymandering.", Today's Globe has several articles about restaurant noise levels and the writers evinced some frank comments from industry sources, but while younger people may find noisy restaurants exciting even they leave quickly.  And restaurants want to turn the tables.  They don't want leisurely conversations about the Decline of the West.  And if you want to talk with friends the best advice is increasingly to eat at home.  I've heard strange music in expensive restaurants where i think to myself, "I like this music, but I don't want to eat a good -perhaps expensive- dinner while listening to it.   On Easter we attended a Led Zep brunch, where the manager was nice enough to do turn down the music before "The Lemon Song" came on.  

I walked into one Fenway restaurant and walked right out.  Another place in Kendall Sq was so loud that the diners could not hear the waiter, who didn't care, "The owners like this.", The Commonwealth of Mass. has a few things to worry about: the dead kid from Fitchburg, the people dying in restraints in mental hospitals, the people dying from compounding drugs...  but former scooper Birgit Mayr lives in Minnesota and was happy to see that we're getting closer to having a state fluffernutter sandwich.

http://www.masslive.com/politics/index.ssf/2014/04/fluffernutter_could_soon_be_massachusetts_state_sandwich.html#incart_river_boston, H Mart opened in Central Square.  One wag said that there were more people in the building in one day than previously visited in a month.  Mayor Denise Simmons was shopping as was Chef Gary Strack of Central Kitchen.  Building owner Morris Naggar was giddy.  Once at the H Mart near 128 a woman said, "I didn't know there was this many Koreans in the world."  But H Mart is full of all sorts of people, especially happy hungry people.  The scale is smaller than that store in Burlington, almost Manhattan in its dimensions.  The offerings are smaller.  I didn't see the mountains of large pastel rice bags which are so endearing, nor the area holding kimchi refrigerators which are an improvement over burying fermenting kimchi.  I think H Marts are beautiful., The Cambridge Science Festival is a great event.  I'll be speaking as part of a panel called The science of Eating. at the MIT Museum on Su Ap 27, starting at noon.  This is a little like playing at the Middle East because the event is four hours long and I'm not sure when I speak.  All the speakers are good.  More later, I hope., This will become Pineapple Khulfee ice cream., Got a nice thank you from Susann Sherman for cookies we sent when she was suffering toothdrama.  Champagne Sorbet also helped., Fringe benefits of delivering ice cream including local hot dog stands.  Meems and I delivered ice cream to Gibbet Hill for their busy Easter weekend and on the way back stopped at Gary's for a Cheesie Weenie.  Bag of chips is free., Oh no.  Steve Johnson is selling Rendezvous.  And Little Joe Cook died, of Cantab fame.  Steve Morse has a fine obituary in the Globe.  

http://www.bostonglobe.com/metro/2014/04/18/little-joe-cook-his-falsetto-hit-peanuts-provided-lifetime-fame/TrmcivshAVkC7h97neyEdN/story.html, Cambridge destroyed its innovation district in order to build first class office space.  Boston never had an innovation district and a string of restaurant like Jerry Remy's is no way to nurture one.  While no one was looking people in Somerville have turned the former Ames Envelope site into an innovation district, first with Artisans' Asylum, then with Brooklyn Boulder and now with a new roastery for Barismo and a new brewery concerived by MIT grads, Aeronaut.  This is how these things usually happen.  Last night there was an event at the new Barismo roastery to introduce people to the attractions of the neighborhood, which is near St. Anthony's church and A4 pizza., Just returned Harvard, where I spoke at at Ted Bestor's Food, Culture and Society, renamed for today as Ice Cream, Culture and Society.  Industrialization versus artisan production, globalization and the best ice cream store in Paris (Berthillon) and the best ice creams store in Austin, TX (Amy's) which I visited during the Devouring Japan Conference at UT, rather than attending the overly commercialized SXSW., The window., North Cambridge's Street of Birdhouses.  On a wet and grey Sunday morning., The new issue of Gastronomica has a review of Anthony Bourdain and Joel Rose's Get Jiro comic.  Critic Ben Wurgaft does not mention that Jiro looks -gasp- like Kurt Gurdhal of Formaggio.

And why on the new postage stamp does Jimi Hendrix look like Sherman Helmsley?, After attending Pre Frosh weekend at MIT we are settled on staying here in Central Sq., Ellis Seidman sent this, about Blue Marble Ice Cream of Brooklyn and their adventures in Rwanda.  http://www.sweetdreamsrwanda.com/trailer/

Very amazing., Last night's Beyond Shelter event at The House of Blues raised money and consciousness for a good cause.  It was also an occasion to see my brother and his crew of Highlander fans in kilts.  The scoopers from Rancatore's ice cream wear kilts when they do these events, in their own distinctive tartan.  Scotts can be a fearsome sight, even without the sound of bagpipes suggesting that everyone run away.  Rancatore's served a thousand people.

Joanne Chang, Ellis Seidman of Daddyo's, Paull Sussman of Back Deck,
Jackie Robert from Petit Bistrot Robert, Chris Douglas from Ashmont Grill and Nuno Alvesfrom Tavolo were also present.  I didn't see Gronk nor any of the weather people who in Boston sometimes pass as celebrities.  Bob Semonian of The Improper was present and gracious as ever.

There is a small group of Bostonians who show up at any and all events involving free food, whether the event is a recruiting moment for New York banks, or a cryptography conference in the Stata Center.  How do they do this?  Is there a Listserv for hungry people who like small portions?  I saw one always eating person I recognized.  He was not wearing a kilt., We shipped ice cream to Bon Appetit, in New York City but Emily took this photo of the flavors before we sent them off to the big city to become stars., Some of Jess' scones for Thursday are still available.  The Bacon Maple were made for Cambridge real estate kingpin, Patrick Barrett., Jess made these.  She'll be back to make more tomorrow.  Chocolate White Chocolate Chip, Double Ginger and Brown Butter Chocolate Chip.  Just add milk or coffee, Dawn Patrol.  Willy got up up early, with the sun and the milkmen, to deliver ice cream to Povincetown's The Nut House.  2014's Summer of Love begins on Friday at 11AM when they reopen after a recuperative winter in warmer climes., Once I was the pizza columnist for a great metropolitan paper.  So when I heard that The Middle East and Zuzu's had taken to selling flatbread pizza, in an effort to fill the gap left by the closing of Hi Fi, I grabbed Jeff Dunn and Dennis O'Reilly and headed to the corner of Brookline and Mass. Avenue.  

And while Joseph, himself, was there, the flatbread pizza was not.  Joseph said the pizza was, for the moment, only available at night.  After inquiring about famous New York artist Steve Solomon, Joseph suggested I get the famous chicken sandwich with the very secret sauce.  Joseph also agreed to let my band play next week.  

News of pizza will resume after a late-night return visit., Girl Scouts Not Amused:

http://boston.eater.com/archives/2014/04/08/the-girl-scouts-of-the-usa-are-not-amused-by-nookies-naughty-girl-scout-30-ice-cream.php, Its grey and wet here in Central Square, but Jess from Brown Butter Bakery made wonderful Nutella Twists.  With a cup of Barismo coffee things seem better., Hubert Zemler concert at Killian, Monday Ap 7.  7P FREE  Polish drummer and percussionion wizard.  

Evan Ziporyn hosts:   "We'll be joined by two of fantastic Boston musicians, violinist Shaw Pong Liu and bassist Blake Newman.

Hubert is at the forefront of a new generation of Polish musicians, a brilliant improvisor, equally at home in jazz, rock, free improvisation and contemporary classical music.  His own playing draws on all these sources, melding them in completely compelling & unexpected ways.  He's here in the US for the first time, having just performed at Lincoln Center and Issue Project Room in New York as part of the annual Unsound New York Festival.  This will be his first appearance in the Boston area.

I met Hubert in Warsaw last September and have had the chance to perform and record with him a few times since.  We'll perform solos and duos, and then be joined by Shaw Pong and Blake, who some of you might have heard last weekend at the ICA with me, Matthew Ritchie, Bryce Dessner and Shara Worden.

If you want to hear Hubert's music, click here, or better yet come tonight to hear him in person!  Hope to see you there, and have a great weekend! - Evan, The Big Gay Ice Cream Truck is in New York most of the time.  So they call 'em sprinkles.  But one of the Big Gay guys is from Maine and as a child he probably called them "jimmies."  In parts of Connecticut they're called "chocolate shots" and in other places including Ireland they're "hundreds and thousnds."

This might be the smallest of etymology curiousities.  Do they -whatever they are called- have to be chocolate or can they be any color?  We need to know.

I never liked them.  I always thought they tasted waxy.  We once bought chocolate vermicelli from a famous European chocolate company and I didn't like those any better.  I like chocolate shell or brown bonnet or whatever you call that stuff., After visiting Dirty Water Dough pizzeria on Newbury St. I attempted to explain the origins of being a pizza slut.  "Toast is the entry drug for pizza addicts."  Its soft, crispy-crunchy and oily.  Toast is one of the first foods you can prepare for yourself.  And for boys left alone, and probably premature or minor women, pizza is the second food you can prepare without adult supervision.  

I knew in advance that Dirty Water makes a macaroni and cheese pizza.  Oh my.  Food 24fps was the Harvard festival of films about food.  We once made macaroni and cheese pancakes for a showing of "I Like Killing Flies," a movie about Kenny Shopsin of New York City.  And when I brought up the idea of macaroni and cheese pizza a friend said he'd seen it on the menu at Za in Kendall Square.

The animating impulse here is the pursuit of redundancy, something you see frequently in Italian food.  We conceived of Coffee Ice Cream Sandwich after mulling over this abstraction.

Macaroni and Cheese pizza is not the worst idea for a pretty good pizza.  Once in Victorville, California I had a peanut butter pizza.  The peanut butter turned into peanut oil and the pie was...  somewhat Asian.  

I think this particular pizza would be improved with more olive oil, and the slice lacked "droop" a key quality discussed by Andrew Janjigian.  Andrew Sarris popularized the idea of film auteurism in film.  Andrew Janjiglian owns "droop" the way Antonio Gramsci is forever linked with "cultural hegemony.", Jess made these today so she can make biscuits tomorrow.  Brown Butter Bakery at Toscanini's, Our far-flung correspondents, photographed in the Hermintage in St. Petersburg, I only ate one of these Chocolate Cherry cookies made by Brown Butter Bakery.  Jess works before the ice cream makers start their labors., Yesterday was the first plausible day of spring-like weather.  Today is cooler.  But we also received our first request for ice cream samples from a food magazine.  Every summer the food magazines and the regional publications and newspapers run articles about ice cream.  Knowing this we send samples of flavors we like or hope they like.  There is much debate about whether to send flavors with nuts (because of allergies and costs) or liquor (because they melt quickly and photograph poorly).  Some flavors are extremely seasonal.  Our Pear Chardonnay Sorbet is great but the pears you get in mid-summer aren't very good.  I love the Peach ice cream we make with local peaches from Kimball farms but they are only available in August and September.  Right now it looks like we'll send B3 and Mango Sorbet, plus Chocolate No. 3, Nutella Nocciolla, and Berry White., We are very lucky.  The nice guys from Cambridge Bicycle keep our bicycles running and even make house calls.  At least when they show up for iced coffee they will answer our pressing questions about how to hang bikes on the wall., Today I visited the new Kendall Sq. branch of Clover Food Lab.  My hope was to conclude the year's first bicycle tour of the Charles River Basin with a Maine Winter Tomato sandwich.  This brick and mortar outpost of the Clover empire is not far from their  very first truck location.  But the friendly worker told me that the sandwich was unavailable and would be unavailable until further notice.  I imagined the greenhouses collapsing under late winter snowfall but what is no longer available is the seaweed used in the sandwich.  New England has run out of seaweed?  How can it be?  All that kelp on the beach.   Did this sandwich by itself destroy the coastal ecosystem?  Once H Mart opens here in Central Square I'll be able to bring my own seaweed to any Clover Food Lab!, People always have ideas for new ice cream flavors. Years ago I worked with a guy who said, "What are the chances of you suggesting something I haven't thought of or that someone else has not already suggested.

I never thought of Loose Tooth, which a friend's son suggested after a hard day's think.  Loose Tooth as envisioned would be a red flavor, maybe strawberry/Raspberry with dental-shaped pieces of white chocolate.  Its a little boy's flavor but a good one.  So back up to the roof the building to wait for a passing electric storm and the chance to catch lightning in a bottle., Hot cross buns!!, Hery Paz of NE Conservatory had his graduation recital on Sunday night in a small room on the first floor of Jordan Hall.  The room was crowded with young musicians, mostly from the Improvisation program.  Paz, originally from  Cuba played gigantic saxophone with a changing group of sidemen including the gifted pianist Isaac Wilson.  The music was wonderful, especially the ballads.  Afterwards a friend said he gained several extra years from the music and the energy of the students., World Wrestling Federation action -tonight! here at 899 Main Street, from 7P>9P!  We will be sponsoring a non-competitive latte art and affogato event.  Organized by Lawrence Barriner and Adam Tessier, with participating baristas and barmen from Three Little Figs in Somerville, Voltage on Third Street in Kendall Square and Dwelltime in Longfellow Village, Cambridge.  We will also field a carefully curated mob of caffeine aces from Toscanini's.

Jess from our Brown Butter Bakery has made small versions of her eponymous Brown Butter Chocolate Chip Cookie ( a much better name than Jess Chocolate Chip Cookie).  We're giving away 25 gorgeous lattes and will turn any scoop of ice cream into an affogato.  If you're planning a summer in Florence you will need to attend this session., Ellis Seidman owned Daddyo's, which should have been a pizzeria.  He missed our trip to Lincoln Tavern and Restaurant in Southie.  Lincoln had won Eater.com's Best of Boston Pizza Award.  After receiving a detailed report Ellis could only quote the editors of the NYTimes.

"By THE EDITORS NYTIMES
February 10, 2014, 12:13 pm

On any given day, roughly 13 percent of the U.S. population, or more than 1 in 8 Americans, consumes pizza.
Working off a U.S.D.A. report on the role of pizza in American diets, the U.S. Food Policy blog reports that within this population:
Pizza accounted for 25% (among kids) and 29% (among adults) of daily food energy intake. More than a quarter of all calorie intake was pizza.
Pizza accounted for 33% (among kids) and 39% (among adults) of daily saturated fat intake. Compared with foods in general, pizza is much heavier in saturated fat.
Pizza accounted for 33% (among kids) and 38% (among adults) of sodium intake. Compared with foods in general, pizza is much heavier in sodium."

Ellis' Daddyo partner, Paul Sussman has introduced a fabulous Apple Pop Tart a la Mode for the run of "The Book of Mormon", near his Back Deck restaurant in Boston.  As is always the case we supplied the A, the La, and the Mode., Excited for our guest baristas from Voltage Coffee & Art and Dwelltime Cambridge to show off their #latteart skills tonight from 7-9p. 

If you want to see some great coffee skills at work, come on by and get a free latte! We're also upgrading any scoop of ice cream to an affogato FOR FREE!, The Martha Argerich of Piazza Bologna practices in Russia.  Merging her soul with that of Mother Russia., I'm not Clover's smartest customer.  The Maine Winter Tomato sandwich had to be explained to me twice, once before I ate it and again after I had eaten it and loved the sandwich.  Greenhouse tomato from Upper Essex County, seaweed and Sriracha mayo.  To quote Phil Rizzuto, "Holy cow!", I'm tired of tattooed chefs.  The Allstate guy has tattoos, for God's sake.  How transgressive can this be?  And now I'm tired of chefs who have dealt drugs.  In today's NYTimes the wonderful Barbara Lynch claims to have sold drugs and been a bookie before leaving the streets for the walk-in refrigerators.  Paul Qui, Austin star chef has claimed to have sold drugs for years.  Roy Choi in his very good LA Son describes a crime wave more than a childhood, but that joke requires the reader to forget about Studs Lonigan and Claude Brown's Manchild in the Promised Land.  

Out of my own perversity I called the nice people at Harvard Book Store and ordered The Minnesota Homegrown Cookbook.  Garrison Keillor wrote the forward.  I don't expect the same stories these other guys are gleefully swapping at the Aspen Food Conference.    Maybe something about selling fried things at the State Fair or Whitefish on a Stick at a Twins game.  As I said, I'm tired.

I doubt that the book which includes recipes from the Angry Trout Cafe and Bryant Lake Bowl will have the same City of Night frisson.  Thank goodness., I have my doubts about Late Night MBTA service.  If you live near a subway station and work or play near another station  the MBTA is fine. I used to live near Huron Avenue, which had monthly bus service after commuter hours.  So if could get to Harvard Square I could get a bus that hourly, unless I missed it.  

One summer I  went to  Cambridge's Public Library for a self-congratulatory and literally celebratory series of meetings about Mass.'s decision not to build the inner Belt highway. Republican Governor Frank Sargent made that decision which earned him backhanded compliments about being "a good Republican."  Unfortunately the well-intentioned progressive Democratic establishment of Massachusetts decided to spend billions of dollars on the Central Artery and Ted Williams Tunnel (half of which should have been named after Bill Russell).  Someone wrote that Boston could have built a new subway system for all that money but aboveground we gained a Nebraska sculpture gallery and below ground we got not much of anything.  The overruns on the car tunnels precluded almost all mass transit improvements.  The late night service is a pathetic gesture to the chattering and creative classes from a system that is incapable of meaningful change.  

Any deregulation of cabs would be far more effective than running buses once an hour after midnight, so that bass players who live in Allston can get home from gigs in Davis Square and Central Square., Our agents are everywhere.  Dr. Mario de Caro of Roma Tres and Tufts attempts to get an espresso macchiato caldo, in St. Petersburg, Russia, birthplace of Sasha Krupyshev.  This is congruence of a profound nature.  Mario and Giulia then took their daughters, Gaia and Tullia, to Togliatti to visit the Fiat plant., Drive west on Route 2.  Visit the Clark, Williams and Mass MOCA.  See evocative Ando structure  http://www.nytimes.com/2014/03/30/arts/design/tadao-andos-new-work-at-the-clark-institute.html, At one point someone was going to publish a cookbook of things Todd English threw at people.  Barbara Lynch mentions a few in this article from Sunday's NYTimes Magazine.  

http://www.nytimes.com/2014/03/30/magazine/a-womans-place-is-running-the-kitchen.html?ref=magazine&_r=0, Don't worry about running out of Ramen Noodles.  Restaurant Depot  is prepared., Jazz piano genius Bert Segar will be playing tonight, at 8P, at the Green Rom in Somahville's Union Square.  http://www.bertseager.com/, Our next event, described in a poster designed by Lawrence and printed by The Color Company on Mass. Avenue., @tinyurbankitchn We'll send up a flare when we make some.  Thanks for the encouragement., I've been poking my head inside convenience store freezers looking for Ben and Jerry's new "Core" flavors.  What a regrettable name.  As bad as the "Smooth" flavors from a few years' past.  Finally I found one here in Central Square and the same flavor in the giant, Telemundo-themed Market Basket in Chelsea.  Am I the only person that is reminded of oil and gas drilling when they hear the word "Core."?  Or is this a nod in the direction of Henry Rosovsky's Core Curriculum at Harvard.  

Ben and Jerry is owned by the giant Anglo-Dutch conglomerate Unilever, but they call themselves Ben and Jerry's Homemade and list a maildrop at 30 Community Drive in South Burlington, Vermont.  

Unilever and Royal Dutch Shell Oil have roots dating back to competing East India Companies organized by Britian and Holland.  

Ben and Jerry combines social marketing with a Choom Gang stoner ethos.  So the "Core Flavors" combine two different ice creams in a pint with an intrusive igneous slug of caramel, fudge or raspberry jam.  Not the most subtle idea.

It has to be mentioned that Ben and Jerry's pints remain just that... pints.  16 fluid ounces of ice cream.  Other companies sell 14 ounce pints.

B&J's recent introduction of Scotchy Scotchy Scotch was an another dumb idea, but actually tasted good.  Ben and Jerry has always been the Fred Silverman of frozen desserts, a company run by people who knew what the mass market wanted before the mass market knew the question.  At their best they were counter-intuitive and aware of music and other cultural motors., Julie Iovine has a fine appreciation of Pritzker award winner, Shigeru Ban.  

http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/SB10001424052702303725404579459161210856766?mg=reno64-wsj, We are having a #latteart demo event on Monday March 31st!!!, Went to Barbara Lynch's Stir bookstore and private dining room to investigate the state of food writing.  Abby Gregory was in charge of the neighborhood and said the staff's current favorite is Collards & Carbonara by Andrew Ticer and Michael Hudman, a book of recipesl that merge Italian food and the cooking of the American South.  Abby said the staff has been cooking recipes from the book.  There were all kinds of books and magazines to read, look at or contemplate, He lives!  We walked out of Baarbara Lynch's Stir and into her small farm store to discover former scooper Kareem Worrell.  Every day  I look at a now-yellowed comic strip from The Tech pushpinned to the shelf above my desk, which features Kareem.  

He has moved back from SF, but don't worry because we sent Mitchell out there to keep all the positions full.  

Kareem figures in many of the craziest moments from years ago but always as an innocent who attracted unwanted attention, even from police.  

Kareem had been arrested by the old MBTA Police for graffiti.   He was innocent although his roommates have not have been.  Especially the one who had drawings of intended graffiti tags, the cans one would use for tagging and then photos of the resultant tags.  The cops decided to keep Kareem and friends for the weekend, in order to "teach him a lesson."  I thought about what I might do to get this innocent young scooper out of the hoosegow and back where he belonged, scooping ice cream in Central Sq.  Nothing occurred to me except silly shot-in-the-dark humor.  So I walked into the MBTA police office and said to the usual, completely bored Boston Irish cop, "Where is my beautiful  black son, Kareem?"  The cop barely grimaced.  "He's in jail and there's nothing you can do for him until Monday morning."  the cop was not amused and he certainly was not going to make an exception for our nicest scooper., Demo Day at Whole Foods, Tomorrow's Persian New Year and we should have a new ice cream based on Naan Gerdooee, Persian Walnut cookies., @jaypsyd Just walk through the door.  We have it today, Mar 18., Serious Eats is serious about the stuff I like to eat and probably the stuff you like to eat.  This week they have a Cheap Eats feature on ten dishes under $10 to eat in Boston.  They include Picco's grilled cheese and soup combo, Galleria Umberto on Hanover Street,  El Pelon and a Banh Mi place on Dawt Avenue in Dawchestah.  http://www.seriouseats.com/2014/03/boston-massachusetts-cheap-eats-10-great-dishes-under-10-dollars.html

Boston Cheap Eats: 10 Great Dishes Under $10
Posted by Rachel Lebeaux, March 12, 2014

[Photographs: Rachel Lebeaux]

Boston's got some serious dining chops, but chasing down the latest restaurant opening, the newest hot chef or the trendiest ingredient can be exhausting. Sometimes, what visitors and locals alike want is a no-fuss, affordable, and, above all, flavorful meal—and preferably one with an international spin.
Luckily, Boston and its neighboring towns have a prodigious variety of inexpensive offerings for the intrepid food explorer, or those who simply appreciate a delicious meal that doesn't leave you destitute. Here are 10 great cheap eats in and around Boston, ranging from to-go joints to sit-down restaurants, where I've found you can eat well—and substantially—for $10 or less (as always, tip well where appropriate).
Gene's Chinese Flatbread Café, Downtown Crossing

At Gene's Chinese Flatbread Café, which opened in downtown Boston last summer (following a suburban location in Chelmsford), the eponymous owner greets you with the biggest grin and a knowing look, confident that you'll become a return customer once you've taste his hand-pulled noodles. Called Biang Biang Mian ($6)—an onomatopoetic reference to the "bang bang" noise they emit as they're yanked, bounced, and slapped against the counter—the wide ribbons are pulled up to a yard long and cut into jagged, chewy strips that are appealing in their lack of uniformity. Any other secrets? "They're made of fresh," Gene Wu offers. Alrighty then. Bathed in chili oil, garlic, scallions, a shower of cilantro and crushed red pepper, these revelatory noodles are ushering in new expectations in Boston, and might be the most exciting $6 meal around.
Sapporo Ramen, Cambridge

The Sapporo style of ramen hails from Hokkaido, Japan's northernmost island, where rich, miso-based soups containing a shower of sweet corn are a nourishing, almost defiant meal in the face of harsh winter conditions (sound familiar?). Cantabrigians—and Bostonians too, of course—flock to the Porter Exchange Building for Asian eats, and Sapporo Ramen's spicy miso ramen ($9.30) is among the best. Spring yellow noodles are tossed with sweet corn kernels, nori, finely chopped pork, scallions, and a garnish of bean sprouts. The steaming, bright-red broth is achieved by simmering chicken for 10 hours to achieve a depth usually attributed to pork-based preparations. As always, slurp enthusiastically to show your appreciation for the chef.
Jo Jo Taipei, Allston

Jo Jo Taipei typifies the best of Allston Village cuisine: diverse, delicious, and oh-so-affordable. Sanbeiji (three-cup chicken) is a popular and iconic Taiwanese preparation, but I prefer the dynamite Three Cups Eggplant version ($9.99). It's a penchant largely owed to the beautiful purple skin, which stays a little bit crackly while the eggplant's insides soften when stewed in a cup each of water, rice wine, and soy sauce. The dish is served in an earthenware pot, the eggplant laced with strands of basil, chopped scallions, and almost obscenely large slivers of fresh garlic and ginger, all coalescing into a pungent scent and bold flavor I find intoxicating. For a little extra sustenance, add a bowl of white rice for 99 cents.
House of Tibet Kitchen, Somerville

This family establishment near Davis Square opened nearly 16 years ago. The House of Tibet Kitchen dining room, overseen by a portrait of the Dalai Lama, is host to Himalayan cuisine that boasts flavor, freshness, and value. Everybody at your table starts the meal with complimentary lentil soup, mild and thickened with carrots and celery. The Tsel Nezom ($10) stir-fries broccoli, cauliflower, carrots, zucchini, onion, and snow peas with minced ginger and garlic. The flavors are bright, crisp and not the least bit greasy; for $1, you can add tofu as well. Two pieces of steamed Tingmobread accompany the meal, the perfect implement to absorb extra sauce. There's even a small salad (more like a slaw) showered with black pepper. The Ngo Khatsa($10), a spicy, Indian-influenced spinach dish, is also worth seeking out.
Galleria Umberto, North End

As you descend upon Hanover Street, you'll likely spot a line out the door, and maybe even a lingering pizza-focused tour group. The Sicilian Squares ($1.65) at Galleria Umberto justify the hype: brought to the counter in oversized pans, burnt around the edges, cheese browned and bubbly, tart tomato sauce spilling over the sides and grease glistening unapologetically, these slices are the real deal. But don't neglect the restaurant's other offerings: golden Arancini ($3.25), fist-size, fried risotto balls sliced open to reveal cheese, peas and seasoned ground beef; and Panzarotti($1.65), a massive fried tater tot stuffed with chives and cheese. All of this can be yours for less than $10, but get there early! The restaurant closes by 3 p.m., and individual menu items are first come, first served.
Punjabi Dhaba Indian Roadside Café, Cambridge

What this two-story "roadside café" in Inman Square lacks in elegance, it more than compensates for in portion size, quality, and variety. At Punjabi Bhaba Indian Roadside Café, the "Dhaba specials" are served on metal trays, with a number of $9.95 vegetarian entrées (and meat-based options only $1 more). In the Paneer Chili Masala, cubes of pressed cheese swim in a spicy, creamy tomato sauce with onions and bell peppers. Other tray sections contain raita (a yogurt-based condiment), onion chutney, slivered red onions, basmati rice, and a huge, fluffy naan flatbread, which you can upgrade to garlic naan for a buck. As the name of the restaurant implies, service is spare: it's up to you to pick up your food at the counter and pack up any delicious leftovers you wish to bring home.
El Oriental de Cuba, Jamaica Plain

In a city not particularly known for authentic Latin eats, this unpretentious Jamaica Plain institution in the "Latin Quarter of Boston" stands out, not only for its excellent Cuban renditions, but for its comeback from a 2005 firebombing. In addition to seafood stews and a ropa vieja variety plate, among El Oriental de Cuba's best options is the archetypal Cubano sandwich ($7.95). This mammoth comprises (take a deep breath first) roast pork, sliced ham, Swiss cheese, marinade sauce, shredded lettuce, white onion, tomatoes, pickles, mayonnaise, and mustard, all layered on a grilled, nearly-foot-long flattened roll. Taken together, it's an exceedingly satisfying marriage of meaty, sharp, and salty. I'd also recommending convincing a buddy to split an order of Tostones or Sweet Plantains ($2.95) to round out the meal.
El Pelon Taqueria, Fenway and Brighton

Another phoenix risen from the ashes: The Fenway location of El Pelon Taqueriaclosed when an entire block of restaurants went up in flames in 2009. A year later, a location sprang up in Brighton near Boston College, and Fenway made its triumphant return a year after that. Thank goodness, because in addition to some fantastic fish tacos, El Pelon purveys the grand teton of burritos: the El Guapo, or "the handsome one" ($6.95). This foil-wrapped beauty is stuffed with grilled steak, Mexican rice, black beans, Jack cheese, shredded romaine lettuce, fire-roasted salsa, sour cream and—the special ingredient—lightly fried and slightly charred plantains, which make for an unexpectedly sweet element in an otherwise savory meal. Add guacamole for $1, and you've still got an affordable, portable repast.
Picco, South End

This charming little South End hotspot is revered for its fresh-out-of-the-oven pizzas. But for something a little lighter, sidle up to the bar and order the restaurant's Grilled Cheese Sandwich and Soup Combination ($10). I firmly believe that there's no need to gussy up the classic grilled cheese to the point that it's unrecognizable. Picco's version relies on Crucolo, an ooey-gooey northern Italian cow's-milk cheese, and Mornay, a derivative of béchamel sauce usually enriched with Gruyère and Parmesan, soft and soothing on the tongue. The accompanying white bean and vegetable soup contains a chunky, colorful mix of carrot, onion, celery, tomato, green and red peppers, and white beans in a light tomato broth, with a dollop of salsa verde for added punch. It's served in a teacup, making me less self-conscious about lifting it to my lips to down the very last drops.
Bánh Mì Ba Le, Dorchester

There's an increasing number of shops in Boston offering bánh mì, but no matter how many others I try, I can't stop coming back to tiny takeout joint Bánh Mì Ba Le on Dorchester Ave, the Hub's, uh, hub of Vietnamese cuisine. The speed and efficiency with which the staff behind the counter assemble their Bánh Mì is mesmerizing, a whir of knives slathering fresh French baguettes with pâté and mayonnaise; gloved hands slapping daikon radish, pickled carrots, fresh cilantro, and your choice of protein onto the bread. It's finished with a squirt of fish sauce, and yes, you do want hot peppers. The tofu bánh mì is my usual selection, but friends swear by the chicken and BBQ pork varieties. The most drop-dead delicious fact of all is the price: a mere $3.50.
About the author: Rachel Lebeaux is a managing editor and freelance journalist based in Boston and always planning her next food-focused adventure.You can follow her on Twitter at @rachjournalist.
Printed from http://www.seriouseats.com/2014/03/boston-massachusetts-cheap-eats-10-great-dishes-under-10-dollars.html
© Serious Eats

Advertisement will not be printed., A wonderful afternoon to be in Inman Square, at Clover, next to Grillo's, near Tupelo, EXNE, All Star Pizza, Puritan & Co, and that Fried Fish social club., Our friends and customers are everywhere.  Cortina, Italy., MIT names 5 as MacVicar professors.  I thought it was MacGyver.  http://web.mit.edu/newsoffice/2014/five-professors-named-2014-macvicar-faculty-fellows.html, Boston Harbor as seen from the ICA., Years ago we were contacted by Texas Instruments when they were about to introduce what was then the world's fastest computer chip.  They asked us to produce an ice cream flavor which we all decided would be called Megachip.  Several of us spent hours unwrapping hundreds of Ande's Mints, which we chopped and mixed in to a special vanilla ice cream.  The ice cream was shipped around the country to be served at various events.

Since we opened in 1981 we have nurtured a connection with the science and high tech communities.  Several years ago we shipped ice cream to Stanford so that people on either side of North America could eat our ice creams while talking to each other through a "worm-hole" created by Kevin Brown's Brown Innovation.  

Last year we did an event outside the Stata Center for Square, a company sometimes referred to as a payment company.  Both Square and Toscanini's are "solution companies."  We are both in the business of creating efficient and elegant answers to enduring human needs 

We make ice cream.

The first week we were open I asked one of our early customers what he studied at MIT.  "I'm Course 16,"
he said, "Aero Astro. I want to be an astronaut."  

When I was a kid I wanted to be an astronaut but as an adult I hadn't met too people who said they wanted to be astronauts.  Over the years I've met a number of astronauts.  It comes with the neighborhood.  Science is in the air.

This Tuesday we did another event at MIT's Stata Center.  We teamed with Cambridge's Clover food truck to feed people after a presentation by Square.  Then on Wednesday  Square's charismatic founder, Jack Dorsey, hosted another event at Harvard's Farkas Hall.  Farkas Hall is a beautiful theater building designed by Leers Weinzapfel.  It was briefly called the New University Theater.  Now it is the Farkas Building.   

We use Square for what my father would call our cash register.  These days it is called a Point of Sales System. 

Our first cash register looked like something in an Andy Hardy movie and was reassuring to customers and workers.  Our second cash register cost $2,000 and was cleverly designed to feed coins directly into the machine's mechanism.  That cash register was a little smaller than a Mercury space capsule, which was important when I had to wrestle it into a car to drive out to Concord where it was fixed and where they removed a piggy bank's worth of nickels and dimes.  

The new Square system was sleek and I was surprised at the reactions displayed by Course 6 students, "Is that a Square?"  "Oh wow.  Neat."  

But what we liked was the ease of payment and the information provided to answer questions we might not have even formed.  Everyone in the computer business mouths pieties about doing things at "internet speed."  That is not true.

When we have problems or questions with Square we get answers and solutions very quickly.  Solutions is what we're about.  We want to spend time making ice cream flavors, not making friends with cash register repair guys., My cousin Mario lives in Italy.  Nothng about America has distressed him as much as Sbarro.  When the company went bankrupt I told him, but Sbarro escaped.  Now they are in trouble again.  

There are moments when the NYTimes can appear to be edited by a quorum of paid public relations staffers, college journalism ideologues and the daughters of famous New Yorkers.  

This debut of The Upshot may change all of that.  

http://mobile.nytimes.com/blogs/economix/2014/03/13/this-is-the-real-reason-sbarro-is-in-bankruptcy/?smid=fb-nytimes&WT.z_sma=BU_TIT_20140314&bicmp=AD&bicmlukp=WT.mc_id&bicmst=1388552400000&bicmet=1420088400000
, Weapons are on my mind.

Much of this was prompted by a story in Wicked Local Cambridge.  A man was arrested on Dunster Street by Cambridge cops after threatening and attacking someone with a sword.  Actually he may have first attacked someone and then threatened another person.  It looks like he will be fencing in his cell, away from others.

Years ago I was attacked by a young neighborhood resident who menaced me with a metal pipe.  When I described him to my local cops one officer said, "I remember him.  The last time he had a sword."  So I should have felt lucky.  A year later he jogged past me and gestured, "I remember you!  I'm going to get you."  

On another occasion I was in Harvard Square when a local strode across the pit dressed like Wesley Snipes in Blade and carrying a huge sword.  Two Cambridge cops appeared, looking nervous.  the guy went civil libertarian on them, "Why Can't I walk through Harvard Square with a sword?  Can't a black man walk down the street with a huge sword without being harassed by the police?"

No.  No you can't.

All this talk of weaponry reminded Robert Winters and I about a public figure we bought knew who often carried a shiny handgun which he would display at public meetings.  One time at a meeting about crime in Central Square he intoned in his wonderful speaking voice, "I'll show you what I do when someone threatens me or my family."  Then he reached into his waist and pulled out a guy that looked shiny cheap and expensive at the same time, which he dropped loudly on the table.  Since growing up in New York I have always imagined how the Daily News would report my death.  That day I foresaw "Cambridge ice cream guy dies in gun mishap."  One business owner stood up, left and never reappeared for another civic meeting.  

A police officer told me about the time that a young urban teenager tried to rob this guy, by the post office on Mass. Avenue.  He pulled out his handgun and the teenager froze in abject fear.  The police got a report that an older white man was threatening to shoot an urban teenager on Mass. Ave.  The officer who first arrived on the scene ordered him to drop the gun, but using his rhetorical skills he said, "I'm not putting down this gun until you arrest this young man." 

These were the old days when cops had not trained their reflexes to ninja levels and when there was no SWAT teams.  An older, heavier cop ended the situation.   

Central Square is not Lake Wobegon., Bugs and insects.  Again.  And again.  http://www.bostonglobe.com/ideas/2014/03/15/the-joy-cooking-insects/732s4mXQ5obmD7I7gdIXoJ/story.html

I'm prepared to eat a lot of stuff if I have to.   Once I ate fried jellyfish on a date.  Didn't want to look too stupid too early and maybe I'd be in a plane that crash-landed where the only thing to eat is fried jellyfish.  Fried Jellyfish taste like undercooked pasta so don't worry.

I know lots of people eat bugs and insects.  If you mash them up you can't tell what you're eating.  I have read so many articles written by anthropologists and SAS survival specialists that I'm exhausted with the topic.

Mexicans and Korean teenagers eat fried grasshoppers and whatever.  Plainly it can be done.

Once we made two ice creams with giant waterbugs and grasshoppers.  The waterbugs were big enough and mean enough to eat frogs so now i won't swim where these guys can be found.  We never sold them at the store nor did i ever eat them, but making them was enough for Toscanini's and the insect evangelist to get into the Sunday NYTimes Magazine.  

On a recent trip to Austin, Texas I went to the very good Foreign and Domestic.  Something on the menu had a French name and was described as sun-dried.  I figured it was a baby vegetable but my genius friend knew it was a cricket.  I took French for years in New Jersey where Madame Renzo never tried to teach us the word for sun-dried cricket.  I knew it was a textual thing, ate it and survived.  The panna cotta that appeared for dessert was better.

The great food thinker Ben Wurgaft told me that producing insects and bugs in large enough quantities was so difficult that it was unlikely to ever be a plausible source of protein.  , The Brattle continues Martin Scorsese's choice of Great Polish Cinema with Camouflage about academic hypocrisy.  http://www.brattlefilm.org/2014/03/16/camouflage/#.UyXc-15kJDA, We actually could make an okay, but dopey ice cream with these lurid products from Eastern Pennsylvania's pretzel belt.  We'd infuse them in milk and cream and end up with a White Trash flavor worthy of Momofuku.  But if we had them in house as an ingredient it would represent a danger to the health of the staff.   These things are irresistable and not on Jane Brody's list of things to eat.  So I took a photo at Restaurant Depot but didn't buy the excessively sized container., Hi Fi Pizza really did close.  But H Mart is getting ready to open., Hi Fi Pizza closed!  And I will miss it.  Hi Fi was open late and I think everyone ate there after their band played at T.T.' the Bear's or The Middle East.  Whenever Steve Solomon had an art show I ended up there, exhausted from moving paintings from one spot on the wall to another.  

There was a golden age at Hi Fi when it was largely staffed by large muscular men who I think were Pakistani weightlifters.  

Serious Eats writes a lot about pizza but they never cover the vivid details that distinguish some places from all the others.  One Somerville friend theorized that the grouchy men at Santarpio's in East Boston were married to the unhappy women who worked at the original Regina's on Thatcher St.  I couldn't understand why they would be so unhappy after being able to eat so much good pizza.  

Pini's Pizza in Somerville is next to Wang's very good dumpling house.  Pini's claim is they serve the biggest slice in Somerville, not the best.  Pini's also had many women making the pizzas.  Once I went for lunch with a friend and her infant daughter.  We admired a tattoo on the female pizza maker which was an impression of her daughter's footprints at birth.  Then the pizza maker showed my friend's daughter how to make pizza.  Feminism in powerful in Somahville.  Women hold up half the sky and half the pizzas., We don't have any left but Jess from our Brown Butter Bakery made two more versions of a pretzel roll.  That they all got eaten is a good sign., Purim starts tomorrow night, and ends Sunday.  Its a happy Jewish holiday at the end of winter, and part of the celebration is eating Hamentashen cookies.  For several years we have made Hamentashen ice cream and we have again done so.  The cookies are usually somewhat triangular in shape and traditionally filled with fruits:  poppy seeds, prunes, dates and berries.  The shape evokes either the hat of evil Haman, advisor to the Persian king, or his ears.  Young bakers roam further afield these days, filling the cookies with dulche de leche or ganache.

Yesterday we bought standard hamentashen at Kupel's on Harvard Street and  then went to Clear Flour Bakery for more artisanal hamentashen, filled with ganache., We got a request for bacon ice cream, perhaps prompted by Wednesday's Globe article on all things bacon.  I have loved bacon since childhood when it was rationed by our mother to our large -and large- family.  At Toscanini's we have made bacon ice cream, and its not actually very hard.  You can make Bacon Candy where you cook bacon and cover it with maple syrup, caramel, or any other sweet liquid.  The ingredients solidify into a wonderful salty and sweet candy that would have pleased Lewis and Clark much more than any pemmican they carried west.  

Or you can cook bacon, chop it up to increase the surface area and infuse it into milk and cream.  After heating the liquid you sieve out the bacon and you will be left with a liquid that posses bacon's distinctive smoky, salty flavor.  Of course at this point you can make Bacon Bacon ice cream by adding pieces of bacon candy to the bacon infused cream.  Its getting better but not healthier.  Eventually Guy Fieri or President Clinton will show up to eat with you or take you to the hospital.  

Too many people have forgotten too much about the Clinton presidency.  Remember Batter Fried Bacon?  What do he and Michelle Obama talk about when left alone together?, Our agents are everywhere.  This was not taken by a drone hovering over a London sidewalk, nor by a Satellite with incredible image resolution, nor by a Google truck., Purim is a happy Jewish holiday and today I was in and out of bakeries in Brookline buying Hamentashen.  First introduced to the holiday years ago at Mary Donlon Hall, by Rob Fersh, Bonnie Brier and other Cornellians., I don't have a photo.  I ate the evidence.  Jess made Nutella Twist cookie.  Yum., Puritan @ Co. is in Food Arts.  Journeyman is in Art of Eating.  And the new issue of Chop Chop is upon us.  Lots to read., We trooped over to the Stata Center for an event sponsored by Square.  Our friends at Clover provided savory food and healthy drinks.  We provided Burnt Caramel ice cream and Mango Sorbet.  The Stata is the Frank Gehry designed oddity at the end of Main Street.  I like the inside more than the outside but you can walk over much of the building and enjoy surprising views.  We helped inaugurate a worhole that connects the Stata Center and Stanford University.  Brown Innovations did the electronics and we served cold stuff at both schools.  The building has a fiberglass cow from the now-gone Hilltop Steakhouse, which I think was once stolen and left atop an MIT dome.  

On Wednesday night Square will repeat the event at Harvard and we will  again be distributing ice cream.  Harvard is renaming its buildings in order to confuse all.  The Indoor Athletic Building became the Malkin Athletic Center.  Holyoke Center is now named after a Brad Pitt-Angelina Jolie movie and the Hasty Pudding Club is called Farkas Hall.  We'll be there at 6PM, on Holyoke St., Like Eskimos are supposed to, Mass. residents have many words for snow.  There is the word for diminishing snow mounds that allows you to use parking meters.  There is the word for a dusting of new snow that covers dirty snow from last month's storms.  And there is the word for the undisturbed snow atop a car that has not been moved since January., Sbarro's refuses to die but hey have returned to bankruptcy., Alec and Bettina are serving coffee from Barismo and Olympia Washington's Batdorf and Bronson.  Today special baked from Brown Butter Bakery is a Nutella Twist.  I will alert the Barrachi's, the Barberini of Kendall Sq., This could be the day to tune up the bicycle even if you don't get to use it tomorrow.  To Cambridge Bicycle or Broadway Bikes., A knife in the hands of master butcher Andrea Fastachi, working in the catering kitchen of Holy Cross., Oops.  Tomorrow temperatures may approach fifty and then on Wednesday there may be a substantial snowfall., You can't find Edward Behr's Art of Eating on line.  Copies can be bought at Formaggio Kitchen on Huron Avenue and at Stir in the South End.  Behr writes nice things about Tse Win Lin and Diana Kudajarova and their Journeyman restaurant in Union Square, Somhville.  A blessedly quiet restaurant.  Kendall Square's Catalyst is also peaceful and conducive to conversation., Andrea Borghoni teaches Philosophy of Food at Holy Cross.  Today Ben Wurgaft and I drove out to see Andrea Fastachi "break down" a small pig, before a class that seemed to be considering mass conversion to vegetarianism.  When we left there was a cinematic sunset that was perfectly viewed from Holy Cross's hilltop campus.  Driving back to Boston we agreed that we had eaten enough meat and went to the former Pho Pasteur on Brighton Avenue for noodles.  Steve Solomon had finally left the building.  Michael Globetti wasn't there but Jay and MJ and Amy and Todd Solomon and assorted kidlings were present.  Everyone was happy., Flavecast videos the dipping cabinets.  http://favecast.com/237FLqtY68, There's always something to see at Restaurant Depot.  And things to learn.  The Spanish word for plastic bag is "Plastico."  This is much easier than high school Spanish., New England Conservatory has wonderful First Monday concerts, curated and introduced by cellist and former president, Lawrence Lesser.  

http://necmusic.edu/first-monday-jordan-hall-2  This month the Parker Quartet opened and ended the evening, first with Mendelssohn and then with Dvorak.  In between was a wonderful blend of Stephan Foster songs that included Scotch Irish fiddling and noisy dancing and and Ran Blake's second version of "Beautiful Dreamer."    A perfect evening at Jordan Hall.

Tonight's show  starts at 7PM but a lecture about the music begins at 630PM.  Music by Gunther Schuller and Charles Mingus.  
http://necmusic.edu/nec-wind-ensembles-peltz-drury

, Emily found and shared this good article on stabilizers.  by Max Falkowitz in Serious Eats.  

http://sweets.seriouseats.com/2014/02/real-talk-no-stabilizers-doesnt-mean-good-ice-cream.html?ref=thumb, Blackberries and srawberries., New favorite cookie from Brown Butter Bakery.  Filled eith chocolate hazelnut ganache.  Milk is extra., Today is Girl's Day in Japan and at Harvard's East Asian Studies Center (what a prosaic name) and MIT's Cool Japan program (how fabulous).  We have appropriately pink Strawberry ice cream.

Things are getting frantic.  Tomorrow is Shrove Tuesday or Fat Tuesday, the last day before the start of Lent.  So use up all the sugar.  Make Malasadas or Paczki.  

Wednesday is Ash Wednesday and I know three good Ash Wednesday stories.  The first and best known is Lenny Bruce's story about getting arrested in NYC for obscenity and going into court where everyone had ashes on their foreheads:  the cops, the district attorney, the judge, maybe even Lenny's own attorney.  He thought to himself, "This isn't going to go well."

And a friend moved to very Catholic Boston in time for Ash Wednesday.  The night before she had seen a movie that sounds like an episode from the Twilight Zone.  A person is on a doomed train and the character knows who will die because the victims all have marks on their forehead.  The morning after seeing the movie or television episode my friend traveled to school via bus and streetcar and the cars were full of people with marks on their foreheads.  She was in tears by the time she arrived but an artful teacher explained everything.

Finally,  two years ago I attended a meeting about issues in Central Square Cambridge.  Many people had gone to early church and received ashes including one MBTA Police sergeant who had a huge smudge in the shape of Texas on his forehead, complete with panhandle.  I stared and stared in amazement.  Had he been to a church with a visiting Mexican priest, perhaps one with a sense of humor, or was this a miracle worthy of People en Espanol?  Could I ask him about the design or would he view the question as hostile.  No one else said anything and I decided discretion was the better part of valor but I imagined a priest with latte art skills, and a great memory for maps., Today, Brown Butter Bakery debuted 3 cookies here at Toscanini's:  Brown Butter Chocolate Chip, Cocoa White Chocolate Chip, and Peanut Butter.  I didn't eat the peanut butter for reasons going back to grade school.  But all are good.  $2., This could be a busy month. Tomorrow is Girl's Day in Japan, or Hinamatsuri.  I think we will have Strawberry which is always pink, and fufills the holiday requirements, but I don't think we're going crazy with this.  March 15 is Purim so we'll be making Hamentashen.  And March 17 is St. Patrick's Day....  A holiday ruined by green shakes and frappes.

Yesterday was Tulia's birthday and March 21 is Gaia's birthday., A friend described Austin's Gordough's donuts as defying description and medical advice., Brian MacNeil showed up.  He's moved back to Boston.  Pete Ellis showed up.  He's moved from Boston.  Brian makes art and Pete does many things including rooftop gardening., The new issue of Harvard Magazine features an article on our Pearl Street neighbor, Baraka Cafe.  http://harvardmagazine.com/2014/03/global-kitchen

And the new issue of Art of Eating arrived, a little late,  with a piece on Union Square, Somerville's Journeyman.  Nothing online but you can find the magazine at Formaggio and Stir.  And always worth it.  Beautiful to hold end provoking to read., Working on Butter Chocolate Chip, Black Bottom and a prototype version of Coconut Tapioca., Lexington Father of the Year Durjoy recommends Wilson Farm Grilled Cheese Festival, which continues tomorrow, Su Mar 2.  So does future engineer Sabrina., An important national holiday in Italy, the birth of Tulia De Caro., I like this photo.  One more time., Rabbit. Today I was awaken by noisy birds.  Probably sparrows in a nearby hedge and not strutting grackles in Austin.  A sign of spring.  Then I went to the door and picked up the NYTimes which was colder than I ever thought a newspaper could be.  If I flung the paper and hit something -or someone- it would shatter into a thousand pieces of icy newsprint., A woman asked for a donation for the happiest non-profit I've heard about in years, Soccer Without Borders.  They're from East Boston but they're everywhere., Judy Motzkin and Richard Mandel eat their way through the Low Country as part of their deranged scheme to return to New England before spring arrives., Boston University's Culinary Arts Program celebrated its 25th birthday at its home in the former Peter Fuller Cadillac building.  

I don't know when people will stop referring to  the place by its original tenant.  But, I still refer to the Coke plant by the Allston Turnpike entrance and its a sure sign you've been here too long if you tell people something is near where the Orson Welles used to be.

The celebratory meal had dishes prepared by an All Star team of Boston chefs and cooks.

Mary Ann Esposito created and explained the antipasti.

Jasper White prepared a lobster consomme with shellfish quenelles.  The dish was named Consomme Rebecca in honor of The Culinary Program's guiding force, Rebecca Alssid.

The second course was created by Jody Adams of Rialto:  Duck Confit and Dried Fruit Ravioli with Shaved Foie Gras.  Adams talked about how much had changed in 25 years and that a book editor had urged her to get a tattoo, a criminal record and move to Brooklyn.  

There were two desserts, or three.  One was created by Stan Frankenthaler, corporate chef at Dunkin Donuts/Baskin Robbins.  A Warm Marble Cake Donut with a scoop of World Class Chocolate ice cream, warm black raspberry compote and a drizzle of Caramel.  Frankenthaler owned the fabulous Salamander in Cambridge, and before that was a culinary mime who would replace sick or vacationing chefs, earning the nickname, One Night Stan.

The second and third desserts came from Jim Dodge, author of the American Baker, now living again in California after stints at The Museum of Fine Arts and New England Culinary Institute.  Dodge made a Lemon White Chocolate Tart and a Cherry Pie with Rum Creme Chibous. 

On March 25 there will be a related event.
http://www.bu.edu/foodandwine/registration-manager/catalog.php?action=section&course_section_id=859

, The drama!  The excitement.  Inside the Taco Bell innovation lab. 

http://go-digital.net/blog/2014/02/drag2share-how-taco-bells-lead-innovator-created-the-most-successful-menu-item-of-all-time/, We're moving the Mason Dixon line north towards Canada.

BYOB
Build Your Own Biscuit
Starting this Saturday Fe 1 at 9A 
we will serve Brown Butter Bakery biscuits 
on Saturdays and Sundays.
There will be a plain biscuit with Kate's butter or honey 
Cheddar Chive biscuit with Kate's butter or honey 

add ons:
compound butter  
Brown Butter's onion jam 
Blueberry jam  
and a few surprises

No red-eye gravy., Susan Jane Belton has found her subject.  Coffee cups.  Part of the very good faculty art show at the School of the Museum of Fine Arts.  And I really do like these., Inside Frank's. Outside at Gordough's.  Both in Austin., Hindu temple in Hill Country of Texas., Yesterday I was in Fredericksburg TX.  The temperature was 88 and it was a relief to walk the streets under an arcade that made me think of Bologna, Italy.  Fredericksburg is famous for peaches and German settlers.  The settlers built more handsomely than today's Texans.  A small museum has been constructed for US Navy Admiral Nimitz and The Pacific War.  Its a small museum in a small town away from a big city but many people esteem Nimitz and the Pacific War was important, and where our father spent several years.  

http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/SB10001424052702304370304575151823996337094

There is a counterpoint to the wartime exhibitions.  A Japanese house was constructed in the rear lot, surrounded by walls that were built to corral horses.  The house is a teahouse, similar to one that Japanese Admiral Togo used as a study or retreat. 

If you go to SXSW in March I'd  recommend a day trip.  The bluebonnets will be in bloom.



, So much stuff going on.  Rene from Hi Rise and Susan Regis are taking over Chez Henri.  Lee Napoli has left Bread and Butter on Salem St. in the North End.  Rich has left Brown Butter and is back at Lineage.  San from the Espresso Tricycle is reading Kon Tiki and planning to return.  He may then open a second tricyle.  Mark BIttman is doing an event at Mei Mei Street Kitchen., We'll be at Jo's tomorrow, on South Congress, looking for familiar faces and new trucks, which in Austin are often Airstream trailers., Ice cream makers have equipment and knowledge that amaze people.  We know secrets.  We move through darkness and if our Yaris gets stuck then we follow Emily's example.  The salt works on fries, leeches, and those grade school maps of the US., @hoover_dam We understand.  It looks wrong but maybe it was just an angle or trick of the light., Scaling up the pink Peppercorn after some small encouragement from visiting Romans.  They were annoyed that I thought their car was a Mustang., They call it a blizzard. We are closing an hour early: 10 PM. 

Will reopen tomorrow at 9 AM with coffee, goodies from Brown Butter Bakery, and ice cream for breakfast., Tomorrow is the Crash B's at BU.  People can go to Harvard Speech event and then erg tomorrow., On my way in saw flocks of young people in high school dress clothes heading for Harvard's Speech and Debate event.  We hope they show up here., Ministry of Supply makes clever dress clothes for clever people.  They're having an event at 105 South St until 4P., Lots of Cocoa Pudding for Whole Foods., null, We hope that this will become something cold and delicious., For the romantics from Jess of Brown Butter Bakery., The NYTimes didn't publish anything about Lorne Michaels for several days, belying their claim to be the "newspaper of record," but today Lorne was mentioned while attending an event at Lincoln Center., Jess from brown Butter Bakery made these delicious cookies., @watchinginkdry Pretty healthy has-beens., Lorne Michaels is lapping Diane Von Furstenberg, Mario Battali and Marcus Samuelson as the most mentioned figured in the NYT.  He is the 21rst century's Buck Henry, who Michaels created back in the 20th century when Henry inexplicably hosted Saturday Night Live for weeks in a row.  

http://www.nytimes.com/2014/02/09/magazine/cecily-strong-is-being-serious.html?ref=magazine, Steven Yuen's father uprooted his family from Korea to the US because he thought Minnesota was fabulous!  http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2014/02/09/magazine/09-one-page-magazine.html?ref=magazine&_r=0  

Who can blame him?  Ice fishing.  The Mall of America.  Dinkytown.  Two sets of twin cities if you count Fargo Moorhead or three if you count Duluth Superior.  And thousands of lakes and a million license plates touting those lakes.  Hamm's.  Grain Belt.  Food on a stick., The flavors at 430PM on Th Fe 6, 2014., The city is waiting for Scott Ambrose Reilly to return.  Scott, a bad influence if ever there was one is threatening to return to Central Square, scene of rock's greatest disaster, when his band of rock critics perpetrated the Great Molasses Flood of music.  Scott sang in a mechanic's jumpsuit while various self-styled smart people from People and Entertainment Weekly played "Viva Las Vegas".  Scott disappeared beneath a volley of women's and men's underwear, sliding out of sight, sliding down the mike stand while singing with Eddie Money intensity.  Viva Las Vegas.  Viva Central Square.

Scott almost died in an ill-advised effort to deliver ice cream from our store to San Diego.  A little short of a California Agricultural Inspection station near the Nevada border he went airborne.  The rock icon and the ice cream survived.  It was much better than Gumball Rally or Vanishing Point. 

The peaceable side of Scott's personality manifested itself in his amazing streak of 42 days in a row eating a banana split.  When Scott worried about our professionalism he began bringing his own banana to the store.  He would enter Toscanini's waving his banana and shouting, "I'm here and I've brought my banana.", Its Thursday, Fe 6.  Sunny and clear.  Getting colder.  We're here until 11PM.  These are the flavors at 430P., Siri Gossman worked at Toscanini's before leaving for urban farming in Detroit.  Prior to working here she was the famous jelly and preserve lady at Hi Rise Bakery.  

After Detroit she sought colder pastures in Antarctica where was the chef at a research station.  She once emailed us for advice about making ice cream.  We told her what might work under such extreme conditions.  

Today we got a cool t shirt and a pair of shot glasses to thank us.  Siri has split the difference between Detroit and the Amundsen Research Station.  She is in New London, Minnesota., Testing, Overheard at Yale is always funny.

Here's your chance! Learn about economics from Nobel laureate Bob Shiller. Ask your questions in the comments below and watch today at 12 EST: http://youtube.com/yale
23 hours ago


Adam Mahler Forgive them, for they know not what they do
22 hours ago · Like · 28







Diego Montemayor

Econ 116:
"Does anyone know when the US government's fiscal year ends?"
(no answer)
"Sometimes it's amazing what people don't know."
-Shiller


56 people like this.

Yanni Legbelos 30 September. As every person waiting for a work visa knows. lol
29 January at 22:29 · Like · 9
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++=





Zach Danker-Feldman

"... and then I was interrupted by the Nobel Prize." -Who else


152 people like this.

Patrick Toth Ok, seriously, is he really this bad? Watching the quasi-livestream of quotes from his class appear here is almost too much.
29 January at 14:13 · Like · 29

Julian Barsamian Moncrief He arrives late and disheveled, rambles for 20 sessions, finds awesome photographs of important people, casually references HUGE things (Davos, famous friends, and Nobel, etc.), and then gives an easy final... I think he is the best professor we have.
29 January at 14:15 · Like · 44

Brendan Hopkins Also: "I actually had a one on one with President Obama about it. When I won the Nobel Prize..."
29 January at 14:26 · Like · 27

Hasan Ansari I couldnt take it. especially not at 830 in the morning. dropped his class last year. hes an amazing person to talk to outside of class though.
29 January at 17:15 · Like · 2

Travis Whitfill http://i.imgur.com/Gq3F2.gif
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Kenta Koga

Two international students walking on Chapel street:
A: "Hey, do you know if this deli sells cigarettes?"
B: "Probably not. This is America, cigarettes are sold at pharmacies."

44 people like this.

Tamuna Kharatishvili Cezar, Kenta?? haha
29 January at 22:06 · Like

Yanni Legbelos and lube is sold under "family planning". yeah, they got jokes.
Yesterday at 00:07 · Like · 7
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Ananth Punyala

"Put your bra on, we're going to Popeye's!"

last Friday

100 people like this.

Bernard Stanford Because New Orleans is known for people keeping their bras on.
24 January at 19:56 · Like · 27

Lily Shoretz i'm sorry but this is just so brilliant.
Yesterday at 00:00 · Like · 3
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Jessie Benedict

On Chem 115 lecture slide: What is the largest source of acid rain, mostly airborne H2SO4?
a) SO2 emissions from sulfuric acid plants?
b) SO2 emissions from coal fired power plants?

Overheard...

"What's a sulfuric acid plant? I thought plants give off oxygen?"


63 people like this.

Pratyusa Mukherjee That's a Nobel prize quality remark right there
29 January at 10:44 · Edited · Like · 14
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Rain Tsong

An intellectual humorist upon hearing Mahler being mentioned:
"Mahler? I barely know 'er!
...
Mahler II?! But that'd be a massacre!"

on Tuesday
CommentShare

______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

Jordan Coley

Me: Jesse Jackson is at SSS at 4:30
Other Human: Jesse Jackson of the Jackson 5?!?!
Me:........

on Wednesday
CommentShare
69 people like this.
View 6 more comments

Jordan Coley There is no Jesse Jackson in the Jackson 5..
Yesterday at 09:25 · Like · 12

Brea Baker ROTFL wow to people actually thinking that
22 hours ago · Like, I don't eat lobster.  I eat croissants.  This was the early morning scene in the Vergennes Laundry after a latte bol, a noisy croissant, butter and their own plum preserves, Vergennes Vermont is beautiful but the town ice cream store seems to have left, despite great graphics.  "Hoover Dam" told me that "Creemees" is Vermont English for soft serve.  The town built a fleet for an important naval battle in the War of 1812.  It has an opera house, amazing churches, a bar called "Antidote",  and a restaurant sign for a place called Squeeze that is fabulous, @linton_matt We play Nighttime in the Switching Yard when making ice cream after midnight., Blue Bottle coffee cafes are always handsome.  This new one in Manhattan's Gotham West Market is in keeping with that design energy.  The market is a good edit, a selection of Brooklyn for people who are stuck living in Manhattan:  a bike shop, Ivan Ramen's Slurp (Brooklyn via Tokyo), Brooklyn Kitchen (with Grillo's Pickels from Boston), Cannibal....  http://gothamwestmarket.com/, MFA Film of Very Good Films From Iran  http://www.mfa.org/programs/film/cinema-discontent-0
including a film about Iranian cinema.  Today 230P  Sa Ja 25, We're renovating the kitchen.  There is light at the end of the tunnel., It's cold.  It's Wednesday, January 22, 2014.  These are the flavors., Today I visited Cambridge's Parking Ticket Building on Broadway.  I think a few people who work for the city call it City Hall Annex.  It was originally a school, the first Longfellow School, which was replaced by a bigger building nearby.  That building like many Cambridge schools is renamed on a whimsical basis in order to confuse... whoever.

I was talking to a city worker about the absence of lines for people renewing their Cambridge Parking permits.  "This year most people renewed online," she said.  And a thought jumped into my mind that Governor Patrick or President Obama should call the Cambridge Parking, Traffic and Transportation Dept. for advice about a successful government website.  City Manager Rich Rossi doesn't tolerate the problems that plague the Commonwealth bureaucracy or the nation's Adorable Health Care Act.  He is the Herbert Hoover who fed a starving Europe after WW1,  the kind of guy who could clean up the Panama Canal Zone or "make the dirt fly" like TR Himself.  We're lucky we have him.  The State House and the White House need him., George Mokray on the death of a Sidewalk Astronomer.  I love this.

"On Learning of John Dobson's, the Sidewalk Astronomer's Death"
"The universe is mostly hydrogen and ignorance." John Dobson

One night I was walking
in Central Square, Cambridge, MA
and saw somebody with a telescope,
probably an MIT or Harvard student,
showing the people the moon in front of MacDonald's.
It was a beautiful thing.
But I've seen it happen only once.

Another night, more recently,
the moon was huge and low in the night sky and
nobody seemed to notice it at all.
There were two kids sitting on a bench
in front of Toscanini's Ice Cream
both looking at their handheld screens,
cell phones, computers.
I called out asking them to
at least once
"Look at the moon!"

Who knows if they did.
1/19/2014

Further references:
Sidewalk Astronomers   http://www.sidewalkastronomers.us
"A Sidewalk Astronomer," documentary on Dobson and his work   http://telescopepictures.com
Article which informed me of Dobson's death and life   http://boingboing.net/2014/01/18/john-dobson-telescope-designe.html, Behind the rosin paper where many industrious people renovate our production area., A rayogram on the door of our walk in freezer.  Progress is being made with the renovations., We're starting MLK Day with these flavors but they will change before we close at 11PM., People with Canada Goose jackets are wearing those things with crazy enthusiasm.  When I first saw the military-like shoulder badge I thought they were in an Americorps like group.  But now I'd say they wear their coats and badges like French Legion of Honor recipients.  The crazy cold weather will return., Flavors for a more seasonal Saturday night.   January 18 2014., Every year Saveur Magazine publishes its own Saveur 100, a miscelllany of people, places and ingredients.  Here's last year's issue.

http://www.saveur.com/the-saveur-100-2013

This year the Saveur 100 includes Staten Island, birthplace of many ice cream makers, our family's Surgeon General and one passionate librarian in St. Louis.  

Staten Island, the forgotten borough.  The place at the other end of several bridges and home of low-level organized criminals.  Now it is in the company of foodie destinations like Copenhagen, Paris and Aspen, Colorado.

I left Staten Island a long time ago, but when I lived there it had one or two working farms and someone would leave a cow in a field near Sailors' Snug Harbor, close to our home.  

I have heard rumors of gathering change.  The NYTimes has reported that gay men have established a beachhead in Stapleton where I once saw Jeffrey Hunter in King of Kings.  Staten Island has long been one of New York's most Italian neighborhoods, despite the presence of many police officers who live on The Island.  

Growing up on Staten Island meant that it was The Island and Manhattan was The City.  Years later I was shocked to discover that the many more numerous residents of Nassau County described their patch as The Island and view Staten Island as an atoll at best.  Slightly larger than Governor's Island or Roosevelt Island but not necessarily more important.

Saveur chose Staten Island because of its food scene.  Its where Mayor Di Blasio tried to establish his ethnic bona fides by eating pizza with a knife and fork.  I have seen Yale students eat perfectly wonderful pizza in this fashion and the idea still startles.  This is not the worst culinary affront in New York political history.  Years ago George McGovern ate a hot dog and then asked for a glass of milk,which plays well in Mitchell, SD but not so well in Brooklyn.  

I remember Staten Island as a place full of great hot dogs.  With a large family my father wasn't heading to Manhattan to eat at Luchow's or The Forum of the Twelve Caesars.  We'd usually go to Al Deppe's or Bacci's Charcoal Haven on Hylan Boulevard 

 As a child I nervously observed my father's fondness for condiments, especially piccalilli.  To this day I prefer my hot dogs plain, but as a child I would sometimes eat them with ketchup, but never mustard.  

When we moved to New Jersey we entered a California-like world of cheap hamburgers.  I missed the hot dogs but loved the hamburgers and hamburger chains.  Both were probably spinoff from the space program.  Hot dogs were old-fashioned, from the Roosevelt Administration.

Saveur focuses on Staten Island's pizza parlors but growing up in the fifties, pizza was unusual even for Italian Americans.  We went to a tavern in Port Richmond.  On Yankee broadcasts, Red Barber called bars "taverns", and this tavern served the strange pizzas.  My mother was Irish and was pretty much along for the ride on these eating adventures.  The kids, perhaps under her tutelage, were very cautious eaters.  I remember eating macaroni with butter when we ate at the pizzeria.   Only my sister and father enjoyed the pizza.  The rest of the family amused ourselves as best we could.

My father's memory of the pizzeria was that it was a good place because women and children could enter the "tavern" through a side door and wouldn't need to transit the bar, where crimes too grisly for the Daily Mirror to report were routine.  My adventurous hungry sister also remembered the side door.  I remember the shells with butter.  

In those days there were three bridges that connected Staten Island to the New Jersey mainland, a fleet of green ferryboats to Brooklyn and another fleet of red ferryboats that went to Manhattan's Battery.  If you went from the terminal at St. George to Manhattan there was always a mystic moment when Staten Island appeared to move away from the ferry, rather than the ferry moving away from Staten Island.  The Statue of Liberty was in the middle of New York Harbor, midway between Manhattan and Staten Island, with views of New Jersey and Brooklyn.  

, Sarah Francis visited.  From Arlington, and then to NYU and now -for the moment- an activist and social media firebrand with Occupy Boston.  She got Sweet Cream and Mango ice cream., Not much to do. Or able to do.  The kitchen is being renovated so anything but the smallest experiments are hard to attempt.  Today I walked across an oddly empty Cambridge Common and checked out the new Radcliffe Yard sculpture.  Then I walked to Burdick's for a mocha before I strolled back towards the Common by walking down Appian Way and and visiting Gutman Library to snag a copy of the very handsome Ed (the magazine of the Harvard Graduate School of Education).  Angelina Benardi is listed as the magazine's designer.  Harvard has a lot of publications Ed is surprisingly excellent and has the best design., What has Vaughn been up to?  That is always the question.  In addition to making loafers from fresh bread he is circulating this story about the latest and possibly tiniest craze to emerge from the fog-shrouded hills of San Francisco.

I love toast.  I don't have a toaster because I recognize an addictive problem.  When I went to Japan I loved the new trains, the old trains and the toast.  Japanese toast is the best in the world and almost every coffee shop sells a small "breakfast set" that features this lasting testament to Portugeuse cultural imperialism.

For years I have wanted to open up the International House of Toast (iHOT!).  Every table would have a toaster and the server would bring you a basket of sliced bread upon being seated.  The album "Breakfast in America" was inspired by an LA cafe that more or less did this.  Supertramp's greatest achievement.  

http://www.psmag.com/navigation/health-and-behavior/toast-story-latest-artisanal-food-craze-72676/, Nearby., We sell pints of selected flavors at most Whole Foods stores in Massachusetts  I've visited  Whole Foods store like my brother visits ballparks.  I've visited the first very simple Whole Foods in Austin and the Death Star, also in Austin, with its performance stage, walk-in beer cooler and Sears Roebuck-like variety of merchandise.  Most of my shopping occurs at the small store on Prospect Street, the subject of many rumors about its closing, which I'm happy to report never happens

Today I did a demo at the Beacon Street Whole Foods in Somerville, previously a Johnny's Foodmaster.  We gave away 150 cups:  Burnt Caramel, Belgian Chocolate and Cake Batter.  Kyle, Kriti and Alex had packed them.  

Some people were happy to see us; they were regular customers.  Other people didn't know our name nor understand why the flavors were so eccentric.  A family from Denmark were happy with the Belgian Chocolate ("made with Calleabut chocolate which you can buy at Whole Foods") and the burnt Caramel ("tastes like  a creme brulee") but mystified by Cake Batter ("tastes like an American cake mix").  Some people act like they won Wingo if you let them have more than one sample.  One guy asked what kind of ice cream we were giving away.  I said the ice cream was from Toscanini's.  "Oh I don't like Toscanini's."

Whenever I do demos I always bring a small number of sorbets for people who don't like ice cream.  Today I had Mango Sorbet for a young boy who couldn't eat ice cream.  His mother was happy.  He was suspicious because the Mango Sorbet was a big two scoop cup.  

An East Asian family with no English language skills smiled.  I used my night school Mandarin and said "Bing chi ling."  They smiled but I don't think they were any kind of Chinese speakers.  They came back for more free samples.  And smiled., The MFA seems to have hired a new security company from Miami or LA.  Everyone looks like a soap opera star with a headset, anxious for Justin Bieber., We just had someone turn in a laptop!  Drop us a note at mimi@tosci.com and describe the bag / laptop.  

Spread the word!, We have already sold a lot of Brown Butter Bakery stuff. We have currant scones, almond scones, blueberry muffins and cranberry muffins., Today  is the first day of spring at Boston University, or at least the first day of the spring term.  Feels like spring., @syun Well we still miss you.  Went out to SF and visited lots of coffee cathedrals, Tartine, Ici in Berkeley, Humphrey Slocum, Bi Rite, but missed Smitten. Next trip., Just made mushroom quesadilla from Roy Choi's LA Son.  For dessert we're having tomato sorbet from Ivan Orkin's Ivan Ramen.  Both recipes and both books are good.  Orkin is a straight arrow in comparison to Choi's version of himself.  The quesadilla are something that might be served almost anytime to ny number of people, and you have been affected at all by the book you will have untold variations in mind.

Tomato sorbet is not so new to people who get out to restaurants.  The tomato is a fruit.  Orkin's recipe is very simple with roasted tomatoes and uncooked tomatoes.  I think a small improvement was made by using Meyer Lemons.  The recipe is a little heavy-handed with salt., Adam is suggesting a radical change in the sizes of our coffee drinks.  He wants to have a small capuccino, perhaps 6 ounces.  Lattes and mochas would be 12 oz.  Coffee would be 12 ounces.  If you want a bigger coffee bring your own cup.  We only charge $1 if you bring your own cup, making this a very economical change.  We get to simplify our menu and discard a lot of paper products.  Adam has also suggested that we cease making capuccino's after 11AM, which is how he remembers life in Italy when he was free and in love with Caravaggio.  

We could go further with this and not serve women in sneakers or men in shorts.  How far is too far?, @RyanRedmond1977 Look for you at Lilypad.  Stay warm., The NYT has one of those changing Boston articles. Marty Walsh's accent rebuts that.  I think he won because his accent suggested authenticity.  Which may not be enough., Two days ago, while walking to work., Su Ja 5, 2013.  The flavors on a crumby winter day.  Yesterday I found the brave first pussy willows, at the end of Harvard Street.  Heard scores of those small, very noisy but impossible to photograph sparrows that hide in hedges, near the corner of Huron and Garden.  A deranged optimist would believe that this weather will not last forever., Snowstorm stories from Central Square.

A friend brought ice cream to a patient at Mass General, after the patient health improved and her appetite returned.  Patient and nursing staff enjoyed a variety of flavors.

The car battery of a regular customer died.  After getting the car jumped she was advised to drive the car in order to recharge the battery.  She called a friend in faraway Framingham and promised to bring pints of Toscanini's if allowed to spend the night.  

A trio of scholars worked at the big table while listening to Itzhak Perlman play Tchaikovsky's Violin Concerto Number 3., Just came from Dwelltime which will close at 6PM.  We'll be open until at least 8PM.  Updates from Ice Cream Storm Central throughout the night., January 2, 2014.  First time I typed that date., We're open.  The light is pearl-grey.  There is a bout an inch of snow here in Central Square.  We have baked goods from Iggy's and Bread & Butter.  We have coffee from Barismo and Batdorf & Bronson.  We have a lot of ice cream.  We have Colleen and Kriti.  Come visit. We're open until 11PM unless the sky falls in., The Western Front opened in 1967 and is closing.  

Nightstage closed.  Man Ray closed.  All Asia closed.  I have my doubts about The Middle East continuing in the present real estate market.  

Clubs need to think about getting as small as the apartments suggested by visionary, profiteering real estate developers.  My friend Vaughn says that all human activities should be reimagined so that they fit in spaces the size of ATM's, which he believes will be replaced by smartphone apps.

http://www.wickedlocal.com/cambridge/news/x919119758/Cambridges-Western-Front-nightclub-closes-its-doors, Whee.  Awesome., I spent yesterday nosing around Renzo Piano's renovation of the Fogg Museum.  Much of the construction work may be finished.  There are stories that the building has to "rest" for a year because so many of the materials used in construction would adversely affect the art.  Architectural Record and Art in America will had to send writers and photographers to Cambridge.  But, it would probably be best if the new structure were reviewed by Thrasher Magazine (Americn's Skateboarding Magazine of Record) since Piano has incongruously created the best skateboarding site in Cambridge.  Harvard's Carpenter Center for the Arts was designed by Le Corbusier and includes a concrete ramp that starts on  Quincy Street, rises up and moves through the building before descending to Prescott Street.  The building and the ramp antedate the standards set by the Americans With Disabilities Act.  The ramp is either scary or exciting.  In the building, at the crest of the ramp is a cafe and a deck with a good view of the Yard and Memorial Hall's tower.   The cafe never succeeded although I love both the indoor and outdoor spaces.  I think the cafe was once called the Corbu Cafe although now I think ii is named after or dedicated to Josep Luis Sert who designed Holyoke Center and BU's Law School.

Piano may design everything in the world.  Boston's small addition to the Gardiner is his work. Maybe his sense of architectural adventure is illustrated by his own studio above Genoa, Italy, reached by a furnicular.  Corbusier's ramp has been extended by Piano.  After moving through the Carpenter Center the ramp turns into a delirious downhill straightaway that ends at Broadway.  This will attract the best boarders in the art world.  I'm thinking of Eric Rosenberg of Tufts and Adam Tessier of the MFA., Nell Porter Brown writes in Harvard Magazine about people doing interesting things in the food businesses.  Part of the story is about B. Good, the burger chain for whom we happily make ice cream.  

B. Good features photos its suppliers and my father visits the Dunster Street store in Harvard Square to look at my photo.  Mercifully they did not use the iconic photo taken for my First Communion.

http://harvardmagazine.com/2014/01/grow-make-eat-and-imbibe, Today is Tuesday, the last day of the year, very cold.  Emily made very good Champagne Sorbet but we close at 8PM.  Don't come to Central Square at midnight.  We'll be asleep., I have been peering into ice cream freezers in New England convenience stores and super markets,looking for Ben and Jerry's new flavor, "Scotchy Scotchy Scotch."  I have slid pints around like pieces in a Rubik's Cube.  I have kept the freezer doors ajar until managers ask me to close them, and finally I found this Ron Burgundy inspired flavor in the Union Station B&J.  Its good.  It might be great.  Its the best new flavor from either B&J or H-D in years.  I shared it with a member of the government's Senior Executive Service and we returned for another cup.  Good stuff., I liked Murky Coffee, which closed.  There are good places to get good coffee in DC and now there are new places to get better coffee.  According to the Washington Post.  

None of these places can be found where you'd most want to find them but soon...

http://www.washingtonpost.com/local/young-trailblazing-baristas-ready-to-make-the-district-hip-in-just-one-sip/2013/12/27/9396e028-6bf4-11e3-aecc-85cb037b7236_story.html, Chow.com has an article about New Yorkers' resistance to drinking better coffee.  Much of which is true.

I remember attending a Fancy Food Show at the Javits Center, with a lot of Fancy New Yorkers.  New Yorkers often talk about the Javits Center with strange awe for a building that has the good qualities of an airport in the Upper Midwest.  

After a lot of fun wandering aisles of hot sauces and various potato chips from evocative places like Maui and Cape Cod and Door County, WI I decided to get a cup of coffee but the Javits Center coffee was as good as what you'd get at a better community college.  So I asked a New Yorker where to get a cup of good coffee.  He leaned close and in conspiratorial tones said, "We have Starbucks."  I'd visited Starbucks in DC ten years before and there had been a Starbucks here in Central Square for years.  I have never thought to send someone to Starbucks with a suggestion of unimagined promises.  Another person sent me to a depressing gay coffee house that has since closed.  

New Yorkers like to drink coffee and like to think of themselves as drinking stronger coffee so they can work long nights and solve crimes with Jerry Orbach and Telly Savalas.  But generally they drink bad coffee.

http://www.chow.com/food-news/106905/why-new-york-hates-third-wave-coffee/, As Brian Wilson might say, "My favorite vegetables.", The good flavors for Fr De 27.  We're open until 11PM.  We stop serving espresso drinks at 1030PM., An historic mug from the Cambridge Historical Society., The flavors for Wren's Day, St. Stephen's Day, Boxing Day, Th De 26, 2013.  Grey and cold outside.  Warm and wonderful here with Wilson Pickett and Duane Allman playing Hey Jude and Raoul, Muzzy, and Andy., We really will be closed on Christmas Day.  People should tell us places that are open on Christmas., Where are they now?  Or even, where are they?  Donna Moran is missing in action, probably on Interstate 95 driving up from NYC or Route 2 driving in from Fitchburg.  Rowena Otremba found her way down Route 1, and brought the famous Flynx with her.  This morning over coffee we talked about Chef Christopher McMullan who has returned to the neighborhood but may be in a nearby basement making sausages.  Iris Robert is in town but no one is saying where.  John Reitman is flying overhead, probably in a plane but possibly in a drone, heading towards Maine.  Marie Campbell is in Hawaii.  Herhsey is on a donkey in southern Maine, looking like someone following a star to Bethlehem.   Diane is at Buder in St. Louis.  The Day Before Christmas., Stanley Fish, once famous for being part of Duke's English Dept. leaves the NYTimes http://www.nytimes.com/2013/12/24/opinion/fish-so-long-its-been-good-to-know-you.html?hp&rref=opinion&_r=0  First Leonard Koppett and now Fish.   The lights are going out., Christmas in Central Square.  Which I like.  Largely empty streets and occasional outbursts of chorale music from our many churches.  Orphan grad students who are far from home or tending experiments that require round-the-clock care more frequently associated with young children., Friends in Texas have what I think might be a good idea.  To let people review government agencies on Yelp.  So let us turn our attention to the Cambridge Parking Bureau, which has  a different formal name.  It is housed in the Parking Ticket Building, once the first home of the Longfellow School.  City officials always call this original Longfellow School building "City Hall Annex."  There is a second Longfellow School Building nearby, on Broadway and opposite Dwelltime.  

Everybody in Cambridge has to get parking permits, visitors' permits and pay traffic tickets.  The Parking Ticket Building is where it all happens.  2014 is approaching so I got a utility bill and my car registration and headed off with equal parts optimism and resignation to get a new parking sticker.  

And I'm happy to report that it was a piece of delicious cake.  Maybe even a dacquoise cake.  Everyone was friendly and efficient.  There was no line since even year-round Cambridge residents tend to holiday in Connecticut and New Jersey.  

If you want a sense of Cambridge's population I'd recommend visiting the Parking ticket building.  A man next to me had an accent so thick that it startled me when he asked for a "pocking permit."  I thought it might be a new sports license, perhaps one for "noodling" catfish by the banks of the Charles.  He didn't pay cash.  He used "a cod."  

Years ago we had an immortal worker from Ahlington with the best Boston accent.  He was talking about the hours he spent playing darts to people who spent little time in bars and less time engaged in barroom sports.  "So there I was in this "dot bah", he began.  The workers widened their eyes and looked questioningly at me.  "Dart Bar."  I said., Yesterday we went to see Frederick Wiseman's four hour long movie about the University of California at Berkeley, entitled At Berkeley. I expected the theater to be empty but was amazed to find the MFA's handsome new, small theater full.  I think any four hour movie can be edited, even allowing Wiseman his leisurely discursive approach that works very well here.  But viewers I talked to thought that none of the movie could be cut.  That's an audience any director would value.

Years ago, entirely by accident, I sat through Lawrence of Arabia -a movie I like and had already twice seen, in a crowded Yale auditorium, shown without an interruption.   Good grief!  Lawrence's crossing of the dessert!  Nothing in Wiseman's film matched that situation but there were scenes with students and other scenes with administrators, that might have been shortened. 

When the film ended and the lights came up the audience waited to see each other, say hello and briefly discuss the film.  Some had worked at Berkeley and others had attended the university.

One historian of science said there were only two directors currently making movies of heroic length, Peter Jackson and his hobbit films and now Wiseman, who featured famously short Robert Reich in a long classroom discussion.  The historian of science went on to say that many aspects of Berkeley reminded him of Tolkein.  The residents ate mny times a day and didn't seem to get a lot of work done.  

I repeated a joke that had formed hours ago, while watching skateboarders glide across the screen, and then glide back in the other direction.  "I thought that once Aqaba had been captured there would be an intermission.", We happily sell ice cream to Harvard Square's Beat Hotel.  Eater.com summarizes two recent reviews.  http://boston.eater.com/archives/categories/cambridge.php, Remote imagery for ice cream machine repairs., Today Kitty Kat and I drove around Boston delivering ice cream to the other clients of Gill Fishman.  Gill Fishman is the famous designer, with offices in Cambridge, Palo Alto and Singapore, who designs our cups and containers.  Every year he sends holiday greetings to his clients, accompanied by ice cream.  This year was the easiet ever, thanks in part to iPads and Google Maps.  We constantly adjusted our delivery routes as we wended our way through the snowbank-narrowed maze of Central Boston.  

Yesterday we had another day of high tech triumph when our beloved Emory Thompson ice cream machine began to make surprising sounds.  We called Florida, where Steve Thompson is hiding out from winter weather.  When we first met Steve was living in Westchester and manufacturing his sturdy machines in the South Bronx.  Service is still extraordinary.  I used to make one day blitzs down Interstate 95 and back.  That's out of the question when I have to get to Florida but UPS helps move things.  Yesterday we took photos of the ET, inside and outside, assembled and disassembled and finally Emily made a video which was sent so Steve could hear the noise in question.

Aspects of this might remind an NPR listener of Car Talk but of course this is much more important than the Saab of a tenured faculty member at University of Minnesota-Morris.  "how does the sound go?"  "Does it start up right away or is there a lag?"  "Are you sure its not more of a para-diddle than a "mama-dada?"    

Steve got to be Mission Control and we were Scott Carpenter in the capsule.  Everything worked out., wordloaf Nothing specific.  Maybe a question about Otto Pizza.  Just wanted to talk pizza.  I thought Portland Otto was better than Boston ones I have visited., Crumby grey snowy day when almost everyone is supposed to be studying.  We're open until 11P.  Come by for ice cream, baked goods from Brown Butter Bakery and coffee that is endorsed by Nobel prize winners, or maybe just IgNobel prize winners.  

Today is the friends and family soft opening at State Park, Hungry Mother's new bar.  If your accent is thick enough you may be able to get access.  Of if you have a Virginia State Park decal on your camper.

147 Sherman Street is a building containing multitudes.  Today from 11A > 4P there is a glass blowing sale, demo and gathering of the tribe.  Good fun.  

No Country for Old Men is at the Brattle at 415P and 915P
http://brattlefilm.org/2013/12/15/no-country-for-old-men/, Six days a week the industrious elves of Brown Butter Bakery arrive early,even before our industrious up-with-the-sun ice cream makers.  They bake and bake.  Today they made Lemon scones, cranberry-orange scones, rum raisin scones and -for Patrick, our beloved landlord- they made a peanut butter and fluff scone.  Maybe that was made for Elvis but Patrick liked it.  We also finished our Christmas bowl which contains an assortment of cookies and sweets from Brown Butter.  You can come back after Christmas and get a free latte in the bowl.  You will feel as though you were in rural France., Last night a customer told Matt that she had just gotten into Columbia after writing an essay about Toscanini's.   Matt can also tutor in biology and life science subjects., Happy anthropologists eat ice cream at BU Anthropology Dept. Christmas Party.  They discuss significance of mid-winter frozen desserts., George Mokray found this video of a flashmob in South Africa singing for Nelson Mandela.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MHHjP7XrBq0&feature=youtu.be, @noophilic Kevin Rafferty invented Pancakes before he left to work at Myers and Chang.  He now lives in warmer climates., Hunky Sam Mehr in a excellent video about early childhood acquisition of music  http://www.gse.harvard.edu/news-impact/2013/12/debunking-the-benefits-of-beethoven/  not downloading songs, but getting good at it., Jim Fusilli of the WSJ on Carlos Santana's greatest achievements  http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/SB107654283013527545, Started the day in the North End watching the early Sunday hockey players shoulder their bags and sticks towards the Sterriti Rink.  Then found a parking space on Hanover St.  You can find parking spaces there at 8AM on Sunday. After deciding not to catch Serie A action at one North End place I visited the second Thinking Cup.  Their first busy cafe is across from Boston Common and their next cafe will be on Newbury Street.  The barista had a familiar face, like the corpse in an Edna Buchanan story.  It was Cabell Tice, "You were a judge at a coffee throwdown at Dwelltime," he said.   "I lost in the first round.  Since then I've won two championships in New York and Seattle."  We talked about his plans to visit Japan and places to in Hawaii.  It was so quiet and I headed off to Lee Napoli's Bread and Butter.  Thinking Cup uses Stumptown and Bred and Butter uses George Howell.  My second cup of the day, my second cup in fifteen minutes, actually.  Lee was radiant despite having started work at a silly early hour but the baked goods don't bake themselves.  

Then my sister and I picked up my Dad and headed for Danish Pastry Houses in Medford.  This is a famous hangout for members of Tufts famous philosophy Dept.  There were no brawls between Continential philosophers and Analytical philosophers.  A successful morning is three cups of coffee, no futbol brawls, no philosophy melees and a bit of ambling., In a few hours the heroes of Brown Butter Bakery will arrive to make more good things to eat., null, Nicky Davidoff's son Ozzie visited to remind us that Dad will be reading from his new book about the Jets, tomorrow at Harvard Bookstore.  Tonight its Corky White and Cooking For Crowds, There's a rumor that MIT wants to buy The Middle East.  We used to have Nightstage, Man Ray, All Asia.  The lights are going out all over., Years ago I would arrive at work in a neighborhood filled with the sweet smells of Topps Donuts and several candy factories.  Today was the first day that Jess and Rich of Brown Butter Baking cooked here at 899 Main St.  Its a dizzying moment.  We should bottle this or pump it out onto the streets.  

Come by to try scones, mini-quiches, frighteningly addictive cinnamon buns and muffins.  And we still have vsrious croissants from Iggy's., Casey Affeck wants to revive the Harvard Sq theater.  http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2013/12/03/recipe-repertoire/mhdJ6dpd1hTvYjOljSiMMM/story.html, null, Questions on advisory group has payoff: Hint of Central Square design finish line
By Marc Levy 
December 3, 2013

http://www.cambridgeday.com/2013/12/03/questions-on-advisory-group-has-payoff-hint-of-central-square-design-finish-line/


Ten Essex Street, proposed to be built in Central Square, drew attention Monday to the Central Square Advisory Committee.
As building proposals in Cambridge go, Ten Essex Street isn’t that big a deal, but it had officials and concerned citizens in a minor uproar Monday.
It even elicited a vague timeline for the Central Square zoning guidelines, which have been missing in action since at least July.
“I daresay I doubt that I will get the opportunity before I exit here” to see the guidelines, said Ken Reeves, a 24-year city councillor who led a Central Square redesign process before losing a reelection bid Nov. 5. “But I really was hopeful we would  be able to quote something that existed in a concrete form.”
That prodded the assistant city manager for Community Development, Brian Murphy, into saying Reeves would have a copy of the guidelines “before you leave” – that is, sometime this month.
Murphy promised at least to get Reeves an unofficial copy, suggesting the actual assembled guidelines are to be presented to the new council next year. But the Community Development Department has made such suggestions before: In March, Iram Farooq, a planner with the department, told councillors they could see the document before their sole summer meeting, held July 29. That date came and went, and on July 30 the council’s Neighborhood & Long Term Planning Committee was still hosting a meeting on “non-zoning recommendations and potential options to make the neighborhood safer and more family-friendly.”
Projects keep coming
Closure on the so-called C2 process for the future of Central Square will be of special significance to Reeves, the self-proclaimed “father of the C2 process.” He launched the Mayor’s Red Ribbon Commission on the Delights and Concerns of Central Square in August 2010 and transitioned its work to use by the 21-member Central Square Advisory Committee and Goody Clancy, a consultant hired in April 2011 for $350,000 to focus the futures of Central and Kendall squares – the so-called K2C2 process.
The guidelines for Kendall Square will come after those for Central Square, city officials have said.
Meanwhile, developers pitch projects for those squares that are assessed by elected and appointed officials based in part on the Goody Clancy design guidelines, so far unapproved by those officials.
The Ten Essex proposal from 3MJ Associates is for a six-story, 46-unit apartment building with underground parking and ground-floor retail that would replace a parking lot in Central Square – much of which follow Goody Clancy suggestions. (Seven units in the building will be reserved for low-income tenants.) The official five-member Central Square Advisory Committee, unrelated to the other panel of the same name, met Monday to look over specs for the project at the same time as a City Council meeting, as well as at the same time the city has sent out a call for two new members of the committee, which is meant to “undertake all large project reviews” such as Ten Essex and other issues relating to the square.
Councillors asked the obvious questions.
“I’m just curious about the timing,” councillor Minka vanBeuzekom said. “Why now, before you get the new members on board?”
“Five is really three”
Murphy said the members met as necessary, and that Ten Essex was their first call to gather in a while. But he acknowledged that expanding the membership to seven was concurrent with an expansion of the advisory committee’s role to include nonzoning aspects of the K2C2 proposals. The advertised expansion of the advisory committee from five – Carl Barron, the businessman who is unofficial “mayor of Central Square”; Robert Freed; Wendy Landman; Gus Rancatore, of Toscanini’s Ice Cream; and Robert Winters, a math instructor and local politics watcher who runs the online Cambridge Civic Journal – also comes with a charge to meet at least every two months.
“It would been better if you hadn’t been able to get the current membership,” Reeves said, laughing. “At least two of those people never attending meetings anymore, one due to health and another one just never attends meetings. That means that what is five is really three … I would encourage you toward a larger rather than a smaller number due to non-participation. And I would encourage you to also find neighborhood representation that is also representative.”
“The Central Square Advisory Committee model is not good enough to look after what must be done in Central Square,” Reeves said. “It certainly didn’t in any sense engage deeply with the Red Ribbon, nor the C2, and so why that model and the remnant of that would be driving the bus is a little curious to me.”
A bigger panel
He seemed to nudge Murphy in the direction of members of the separate, 21-member Central Square Advisory Committee formed in 2011 to advise on the K2C2 study. “The C2 Committee was a very serious committee with very good, committed people on it who worked very, very, very hard. And they are hopeful that their work will not have been in vain and that the nonzoning parts and zoning parts of the recommendation will have strict attention paid to them … Central Square is going to need the follow-through commitment of some dedicated, smart people who have been a part of the process over the last four to six years. And those people exist, and they’re well-trained and they understand the myriad of issues that we are facing,” Reeves said. “We have a great pool. Let’s broaden our reach.”
With councillor Leland Cheung also asking questions about the size and balance of the committee, Murphy went from describing it as “smaller and more nimble” to promising a reassessment of the model – specifically that “we’ll certainly take that back and discuss that to make sure it works.”
“I understand exactly what you’re saying,” Murphy told Reeves and Cheung.
The Ten Essex project drew the attention and ire of Saul Tannenbaum, a member of the “smart growth” residents development group A Better Cambridge who blogs for Cambridge Community Television. The height and size of the project inspired criticism from Tannenbaum for “the failure of our elected representatives and city staff to respond more quickly to the crises Cambridge faces, a failure that leaves the property owner little choice but to build far more modestly than the situation requires.”, Tue De 3 2013 flavors.  Served by Patni, Kriti and Bettina., The reporter for this story is named "Durian."  http://kstp.com/article/stories/S3230784.shtml?cat=12196  Barry Kudrowitz, former customer and Course 2 God, innovates around food in Minnesota., Say "rabbit" and get over to Joradan Hall for First Monday.  Its Benjamin Britten's 100th birthday and the Borromeo Quartet are playing.  FREE.  http://necmusic.edu/first-monday-jordan-hall-1, I have fond memories of living in Ithaca, New York when that upstate town had been abandoned by students from Cornell and Ithaca College.  Several times a year Boston residents have the bittersweet pleasure of waking up in a largely-abandoned college town when they can park anywhere and enjoy a quieter pace in favorite places.  Today is the day after Thanksgiving and I watched a solitary bicyclist sail his bicycle through Harvard Square, pedaling and at the same time, smoking a distinctive pipe.  I turned away from the Coop and went in Out of Town News where my own spider sense began tingling at the sight of a special National Geographic issue on Best City Weekends.  Boston was included and on Page 24 the heirs of the Grosvenor clan urge travelers to visit Cambridge.  The writers singled out Craigie on Main, East by Northeast in Inman Square, Flour and Toscanini's, where "the burnt caramel ice cream is worth the trip alone.", Scoopsies is on my mind.  http://100scoopsies.blogspot.com/  is a blog written by two young women who are making one hundred different ice cream flavors.  

Cambridge City Councillor Craig Kelley suggested I get together with them to talk ice cream but I jumped ahead and decided to make two of their recipes.  

I made the Turkish Coffee and the Lemon Ginger ice creams.  After eating some of each flavor myself,  and then testing with uninformed grad students in a break room in William James Hall, I can report that the Turkish Coffee was more popular than the Lemon Ginger.  The Scoopsie ladies didn't blanch their ginger as I usually do, and as I did this time.  Maybe I should compensate by adding more ginger than the recipe indicated if I am going to blanch the ginger root.  The Turkish Coffee had a robust coffee flavor thanks to the fairly large  amount of Barismo coffee beans the recipe specified, and the reinforcing effect of some instant coffee.  

Their ice creams are good and the blog is fun., Soon to be the home of Darwin's in Central Square, on Mass. Ave. next to University Stationary, We're open until 11PM.  We have a few pies left and a few Chocolate Hazelnut tarts.  All are from Brown Butter Bakery.  We have lots of ice cream and we have dry ice so you can bring ice cream to your friends in Ft. Kent or Brooklyn.  

Mei Mei Kitchen's new place is open until 5PM.  There's very little classical music happening.  There are plenty of parking space., Molly Parr of JewishBoston.com profiles a very young ice cream maker, Chloe Jankowitz

http://www.jewishboston.com/Molly-Parr/blogs/5082-four-questions-with-chloe-jankowitz-ice-cream-maker

Like
For Newton native Chloe Jankowitz, ice cream is serious business. She and her business partner, Sarah Hayes, are the creators of Scoopsies, a new homemade ice cream brand. In February, the two women set out to create 100 flavors in a year. As part of their challenge, they are hosting an ice cream social every 20 flavors. The next one, which will feature eight new flavors, will be June 30 at Great Scott in Allston.

You’re making 100 flavors in the course of a year. How many have you made, and what have been the best and worst?
We just made our 35th flavor! We have made some flavors that I could eat an entire pint of in one sitting. We’ve also made some flavors that I don’t love, but made for good experiments. Banana Chai is, hands down, our best flavor, followed by Coffee Oreo and our Pistachio Cardamom Kulfi. If a flavor turns out to be a disaster, we won’t blog about it, which has happened a few times. I made a Champagne Raspberry with really cheap champagne in the first month of our project. I chose not to even churn it, but it taught me a lesson in ingredient quality.
Boston really seems to love ice cream, more so, I think, than other places, and despite the fact that we have a real winter. Why do you think that is?
That’s a great question! I think about this a lot. Boston really is one of the best cities for ice cream, in my opinion. First of all, Boston is home to a few ice cream pioneers, like Steve’s Ice Cream, which was the first parlor to use “mix-ins.” There are so many Boston ice cream store owners that really just “get it” and completely nailed the entire ice cream experience, from the flavors to the equally delightful atmosphere of their stores. Also, Boston is such a quaint, charming city with so much character—very inviting to ice cream! We also make the best frappes.
A lot of other cities are big on the whole frozen yogurt trend (I’ll spare you my diatribe!), which Boston hasn’t fallen too deep into. A few frozen yogurt shops have been opening up around the city, but the ice cream shops are really staying true to themselves—as they should! I think this is a testament to how much our city loves real ice cream. I can’t wait until Scoopsies opens a shop so we can be a part of this city’s ice cream culture. I’m so proud to be from a city that respects and knows good ice cream.

I, like many of our readers, am lactose intolerant. Are any of your flavors lactose-intolerant friendly?
I’m actually lactose intolerant too! Lactose intolerance and ice cream don’t really go well together, but it’s worth it and I make it work somehow. Something Sarah and I decided from the beginning is that in this project—and eventually in our store—we want to have something for everybody. I used to work at an ice cream store in Boston and there was only one lactose-free flavor offered at a time, if at all. It was always a really sad flavor that would melt the second you scooped it. I felt so bad for whomever I was serving it to! Isn’t it enough to be lactose intolerant? Sometimes I would laugh with the customer and mumble “I’m so sorry” when I handed them the cup. I just wanted them to have the same options as everyone else. Scoopsies has and will continue to make flavors for all diets and preferences. We just made a vegan flavor—Coconut Almond Carob Chip—and it came out beautifully. There is absolutely more where that came from!
Finally, jimmies or sprinkles?
I really don’t mean to turn on Boston, but I call them sprinkles!, Today is the last Central Square Farmer's Market until warmer weather appears.  Starts at noon.  We're taking last minute pie, tart and ice cream orders for Wednesday., Big article about and from Merry Corky White's Cooking for Crowds  http://www.bostonglobe.com/magazine/2013/11/24/cooking-for-crowds-author-merry-corky-white-stress-free-entertaining/JakqUJEEBURpBwUlfSpCML/story.html  40th Anniversary edition, There has been a lot of work around here as we replaced our walk in refrigerator and walk in freezer.  We've had electricians, plumbers, refrigeration people and contrators from Community Builders.  The chaos has receded., According to Mario Battali's essential column in the NYT, "What I'm Drinking" he will be sipping Cerbaiona to celebrate Thanksgiving.  Last night in Central Square someone surprised by discarding an empty bottle of  Weihenstephaner Hefe Weissbier ., I am still stealing bike rides around the city before winter closes in.  One route is through Chinatown, past South Station and out to South Boston and Castle Island.  While passing South Station I realized that San Bellino would be making great coffees at his Espresso Trike.  Tuesday will probably be his last day of the year.  By the weekend he will be flying to Los Angeles and then back to Australia.  Next year there may be a second Espresso Trike in Boston.  These things breed like pandas so be patient.  

I found San squeezing off shots in the Rosemary scented air created by Clover Food Lab's truck.  I got a great espresso, and enough volts to speed down Summer Street and up Columbia Road where I took a right onto Dudley., These are "u-boats" at Restaurant Depot in Everett.  Load 'em up with sugar, goats, cleaning supplies and paper products.  Push them through the checkout lines and out into the parking lot., Gettin' cooler., American Promise at The Brattle.  8PM  Race and education and opportunity.  http://brattlefilm.org/2013/11/22/american-promise/, Had a happy early morning visit to Dwelltime, for an espresso and a pourover.  Ran into Chris Van Schyndel who is organizing Ramp Up to teach programming and also working on a coffee buyers' club where people will get together to purchase coffees, brew them and discuss them.  I don't usually arrive when the cafe is so quiet.  All the baked goods were ready and the day began., I frequently bicycle past Chicken Louis at Northeastern.  It looks like it should be a small urban wonder.  The photos suggest an ATM that has been repurposed.  I'm not sure if it is a tiny discovery.  I  Finally got to stop and ordered a plain hot dog, which I know others think is dull.  They call it a "perverted hot dog".  And then I got what the owner said was most popular, which I think was a Spicy TKO and I think it was chicken with bacon and a honey mustard mayo.  Alex and Bettina liked it.  The hot dog was routine.  To be continued.  Comments from enthusiastic Northeastern students are encouraged., Last week I did a demo at Whole Foods on Prospect Street.  I gave away tiny cups of Cake Batter, Burnt Caramel, Nocciola and French Vanilla.  One guy got four because he was expecting company for dinner.  But I also remember a woman who I thought had an Israeli accent.  She said her late father loved Toscanini's ice cream.  Whenever he came to Boston they would come to the store.  Another example of how outsized things can sometimes be., Abe Rybec of Theater Offensive was in the Globe.  Again.  He's in the Globe as much as any of the Red Sox.  Years ago Abe lived above Toscanini's.  Abe was part of a memorable cast of characters that included a guy who supported himself by writing fake term papers, two MIT students who got good jobs in the videogame industry, but were paid in quarters, a med student named Dr. Marty and an actor named Doctor.  I think the lead singer from Lizards in a Circle was also upstairs.  During our first year I was making ice cream after midnight when Abe sashayed down the sidewalk in a red satin dress that Edith Head would have liked.  He stopped in front of the window, struck a pose and waved.  Central Square has changed too much.

A customer informed me of the whereabouts of a lost co-worker.  Not joe Bowbeer who bicycled out to Logan Airport, heading for Mexico.  He was never seen again, our own Ambrose Bierce.  But there were reports that Joe was making Irish music in San Francisco and Portland, Oregon.  This other guy's name was Steph and I'm sure he lived in Senior House.  One night I asked him to fold a cake box and turned away to get spoons.  When I looked back he had folded the box, but inside out.  I sighed and said, "Steph.  Thanks but this is inside out.  Fold the box like this."  I did martial arts origami as Stephen Chow would in a Hong Kong comedy.  Then I looked for napkins.  When I happened to look back Steph was rotating the box on its axes and examining it like Arnold Schwarzenegger's Terminator looking at a puppy.  I shook my head.  The third time I looked back he had folded six boxes, perfectly.  "Whoa, Steph.  Hold on.  We only need one box."  He is now an executive in the high-tech industry. Of course., A guy I respect has adopted my "hobbit" moniker for the most extreme of Cambridge's anti-development activists.  And basically I agree with them that it would be better to live in a low-rise town of trulli-like hobbit houses than the Blade Runner dystopia offered by the city's pro-development enthusiasts.   They should remember that Dr. Eldon Tyrell of the Tyrell Corporation came to an early end, thanks to Roy Batty., On Friday the Brattle was full of popcorn-munching, beer drinking eggheads for The Pervert's Guide to Ideology.  

http://brattlefilm.org/2013/11/18/the-perverts-guide-to-ideology-4/

I'll never remember this guy's name but he will remind you of smart dorm-mates you have known,  and director Sophie Fiennes pulls off a few laugh out loud switcheroos.  Have you wondered about the shark in Jaws?  What does it mean?  Years ago a friend dragged me to an extension course where her genius teacher said that "the important aspect of Moby Dick was the "whiteness of the whale and not the whaleness of the creature."  This guy might be that smart.  A friend who is an intellectual history said the movie's star was a "jackass." Uh oh.  I may have missed something.  Starts in an hour at 7PM.  We arrived late and it felt like missing the first part of a lecture., Vanilla

Let's  go Leonard Koppett and look at the stats.

We went to Shaw's across from Toscanini's.  

Batch vanilla bean   costs $5.99 for a true 16 fluid ounce pint. 
The pint weighed 14.1 ounce.  This is why we should switch to metric so we don't have to constantly wrestle with ounces and fluid ounces.  Grams are for weight.  Liters are for volume.  Ice cream is probably best sold by weight, but even when it is not it would be best to have consistent sizes.

Batch Ingredients:  milk, cream,  cane sugar, egg yolks, non-fat milk, vanilla beans

Our experts thought it was "pretty good" and "excellent" but bland when compared to either Haagen Dazs flavor

Haagen Dazs  Vanilla ice cream costs $4.99 - $2 promo or $2.99.
The container is NOT a pint.  It is 14 fluid ounces but weighs 13.6 ounces.
Ingredients are listed in order of  predominance:  cream, skim milk, sugar, egg yolks, vanilla extract

Haagen Dazs Vanilla Bean Gelato  $4.99- $2 promo or $2.99.
This is also a short 14 fluid ounce container.  
It weighed 13 ounces.
ingredients are listed as skim milk, cream, corn syrup,  sugar, egg yolks, pectin, ground vanilla beans,  vanilla extract, “herbal, great”

The first time I tried these two products I thought it was difficult to tell them apart but tonight the gelato was noticeably different in color and had a much more complex vanilla taste.  There is something about the combination of ground vanilla beans and vanilla extract that suggests creaminess as well as complexity.

Our experts liked the HD Vanilla Bean Gelato the best.  They rated HD Vanilla ice cream second and the Batch was third, although thought to be "great" when tasted by itself without any comparative ordering of other ice creams.  

With the $2 promotional discount the Haagen Dazs products are hard to beat.  

Leonard Koppett was the NYTimes reporter who covered the Walt Frazier-Willis Reed Knicks and could use statistics to convincingly explains games and seasons, combinations and individual performers., The white coffee cups are in the brown box.  The amazingly ugly brown and gold cups are in the white box.  Excellence in design., Years ago, in Cambridge, there was an A&P on Propsect St.  No one remembers the Atlantic & Pacific Tea Company but it was the Wal Mart of its era.  Eventually it closed and sat morosely on Prospect Street.  Then it was briefly Food Shak.  With a name like that it wasn't a surprise when the market was again closed.  Then it became Bread & Circus, a company that was more crunchy than Whole Foods.  Whole Foods began expanding from Texas by buying up regional alternative markets.  They bought Bread & Circus and staffed the store with friendly Texans and West Indians.  This small Whole Foods is my super market, and where Toscanini's buys quantities of high-quality fruits rand juices to make small batch prototypes.  At 4PM, today, Thursday, November 14 I will be giving away samples of Cake Batter, Vanilla and Burnt Caramel.  Come by.  Suggest a flavor or ask about a flavor you don't think we continue to make.  I hope to see you., Last night Becca Donovan reappeared on Main Street, with her Mom, Val.  Hooray.  Val ran  the resource room at the now-demolished Lincoln Park School in Somahville.  Becca worked at the Someday, Harvard Square and Central.  She is living in Brockton with two kids and finishing up nursing school.  Lookin' good and lookin' happy.  We talked about everyone from Penta to Zink which covers a lot of Toscanini's history and a broad swath of Mass. humanity.  Route 2 from Belmont to Winchendon, and back and on to Hawaii., Betty Hallock of the LATimes Food section knows what former scooper Carolynne Spence is doing.  She's in LA, which would be good enough, but she's also having big fun with famous chefs.

Guest chef: Carolynn Spence of Chateau Marmont and Bar Marmont kicked off her guest chef dinner series in May with Gabriel Rucker of Le Pigeon in Portland, Ore., and this week hosts Brooks Headley, executive pastry chef of Del Posto in New York, at Bar Marmont. (He's also the 2013 James Beard Foundation Award winner for outstanding pastry chef.) Headley and Spence on Tuesday and Wednesday will prepare a five-course tasting menu combining savory and sweet. DJs Dorien Garry of Ted Leo and the Pharmacists and Andy Coronado from Headley's band Wrangler Brutes will provide the tunes. The cost is $85 per person. For reservations, call (323) 650-0575 or email bar@chateaumarmont.com. 8171 Sunset Blvd, West Hollywood, (323) 650-0575, www.chateaumarmont.com., Here's a link to our awesome new Thanksgiving pie and ice cream service.  Tell your friends.

http://tosci.com/turkeyday 

Brown Butter Bakery will make pies and a great Chocolate Hazelnut tart., null, I've been listening to Nick Page in Watertown.

Nick Page, The Fresh Prince of Lincoln is back in town.  Nick went to China with the idea of creating an Olympic ski team and instead discovered Chinese hip hop.  He has developed an amazing memory for airplane trips and become the Alfred Kazin that LA has never needed, the Kazin who wrote A Walker in the City.  We went to Strip T's in Watertown because we guessed correctly that it would be quieter than other restaurants, quieter in both senses of the word.  Strip T's always offers a lot of umani.  There was an apple and pistachio risotto with mushrooms.  Excellent.  And at the end there was a panna cotto with apples and dill.  Excellent again.  We also had a Japanese custard appetizer with maple syrup and duck cracklings.  The kitchen transformed octopus.  After two expertly advised glasses of red wine Nick described airports, what makes Chile different from other South American countries, the joys of following a band from Ohio around the UK, LA's 24 hour party scene, police helicopters above a neighborhood called Koreatown, said neighborhood being controlled by a fierce Salvadorean gang with a name that sounds like a motion picture advisory.  Many people have inquired about former scooper and rower Carolyn Spence and the answer is that she is the tattooed head chef at the Chateau Marmont.  We also discussed Claremont, NH, Wellesley College, Vietnam, semesters at sea, and Texas.  Time for bed., We're open until 11PM.  Central Sq. Farmers Market is on.  Simeone the tailor is open.  So is Dwelltime, Voltage and Area Four.  Veterans' Day!, I've been happily reading and re-reading an Art of Eating from several years ago.  One story made me crave baklava from Turkey., We're open until 11PM.  Central Square Farmers Market is on.  Voltage is open.  So is Area Four and Dwelltime.  Simeone the Tailor is open.  Happy Veterans' Day, Today is a holiday but not for us.  We're making coffee and ice cream and playing music until 11PM., A giant blast from the past visited.  Nick Page in from Texas, South Amrican and Koreatown.  Has an idea for business that is good., Sunday's last light from the Larz Anderson Bridge, or the half that is not under construction., Another of our global agents, this time deep in the boroughs of Greater New York at Odd Fellows, a store that is well-regarded for its ice cream and its art., Matthew bicycles everywhere so we often talk about terrible places to bicycle.  I think this is a common subject among bicyclists.  Anyone who has ever successfully biked down Belmont Street from Cushing Square to Mt. Auburn Street win.  So Matthew said that the Mass Ave. Bridge (strangely called the Harvard Bridge by the precise among us) was being repaved.  And he thought it might even be finished by the time I went on my ride.  It was not.  Both of us were enthused about smoothing out the payment at either end of the bridge, where a simple trip across the Charles can turn into a Chuck Jones Roadrunner cartoon.  But the bridge has not been repaved.  It has been scraped down in preparation of new asphalt which make it worse than before.  And the neighboring Longfellow Bridge is closed for the weekend, to cars, subways and bicyclists.  In fact I think it is impossible ride the bike path beneath the bridge so stay home and play asteroids.  Or read a Lucky Starr book by Asimov writing as Paul French., There is the NSA and GCHQ and there is Toscanini's.  Our field hands in London check in with photos of another London gelateria., After a tour of the kingdom by bicycle I stopped by the new Mei Mei location near Boston University and they were having a soft opening for friends and family.   Very nice people and yummy, eclectic food.  

The handsome buildout was by Ben Dryer and Nick Brannigan.  For old times sake it might be nice if a meter maid, or traffic enforcement agent came by and gave the new business a parking ticket.  

This is another business which would be wonderful in Central Square or Harvard Square.  Vaughn Tan is the only person I know who has thought about how to integrate interesting small businesses into new commercial projects.  Basically Vaughn recommends small spaces and short leases.  Big businesses like banks and fast food companies don't like small spaces.  So the new 5000 SF spaces  on Mass. avenue practically guarantee banks and burrito joints.  This gives me another opportunity to repeat the joke that if Banco di Mexico also served tacos they would have the perfect business for Cambridge landlords., Vermont maple syrup is on mind.  Particularly the Grade B stuff that knowing cooks and chefs specify for making ice cream.  The state is changing its grading system in what is a bit of Lake Wobegon legerdermain,  "where all the children are above average."

http://www.thekitchn.com/no-more-grade-b-maple-syrup-vermont-changes-its-maple-syrup-labeling-196648, Lazy Saturday in Central Square.  Come for a Vietnamese Coffee.  Take the Red Line to Fields Corner and get excellent Vietnamese food.  Its today's theme., Our correspondents are everywhere.  

Overheard at Yale.

______________________________________________________________________________________

"I haven't had good cheese since I came to America. Back in Turkey, I used to eat 6 different kinds of cheese for breakfast" -Disappointed international student
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Overheard: "So what exactly is the definition of a metrosexual?" "It's just a gay who rides the subway"
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Overseen in the CEID:
Freshman 3-D printing a pink pikachu  ( accompanying photo attached at bottom)
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
"Oberon is one of the coolest names in Shakespeare's work; how could you forget it?!" --Me
"It sounds like a Transformer..." --fellow Yalie who has actually read the play
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Professor Chauncey's response to his Gay/Lesbian History class laughing at a video of people dancing badly:

“People, please. Don’t laugh at them. It’s the 50s, they’re white, they’re straight, they don’t have a chance.”

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Prospective student and family on Broadway.

Mother: "Look, they have a J. Crew! You can go here."

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

"Dude, Nietzsche is the first one who actually makes sense" 
- says a Yalie after reading Kant, Smith, Simmel, Hegel, Marx, Hobbes, and Rousseau among numerous others

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

"They're just like little animals with faces." - Lab TA explaining memes to professor

=+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

'Whatever, I'm not worried about it. C's still get you degrees'

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

"If my parents ever cut me off, I think I'll start working out more and become a male stripper."
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
"I'm on the polo team"
"Oh, I thought that was just a shirt brand"
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
"You're ovulating! Go have fun tonight" -intro psych student
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
"Guys, I won the Hillary Clinton raffle, but I might have slept too late to accept it."
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

"Physics is the most romantic thing on earth. If Physics can bind you, nothing else can break you."- Junior Engineering Major
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
"My favorite porn site went down two days ago... The same day as the American government.. Coincidence? I THINK not!"
- A Yalie talking to his friend
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
"You signed up for this class, and you *don't* watch RuPaul's Drag Race?" —U.S. Lesbian and Gay History TF
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
I have a MIDTERM tomorrow. I'm not going to engage in coitus tonight!

- anxious freshman girl (in reference to a junior boy...)

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++=

Random Freshman Girl: I'm an independent woman and I don't need no man......................

But like wtf, why isn't he texting me?!

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

"We are being asked to go out of our way to look for cheating...it's all Harvard's fault." - Physics Prof

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

"You got a 2400 on the SAT, and you can't flush the toilet!?"

disgruntled freshman whose roommates have lower standards of cleanliness than he does

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Professor: "Are you all done copying the slide?"
Class: *silent*
Professor: "Silence means yes."
Student: "Clearly he hasn't been to the sexual consent workshop."

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

"Section 6.1 is all about who's on top and who's on bottom." *giggles*
"I mean really, it just screams out."
-Actually Helpful Calc Review Professor

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

"What would be a negative boner?" "A vagina."

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

"So he actually enjoys doing 5 psets per wk? Is he that masochistic in bed too?"

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

A senior girl on period synchronization:

"I'm definitely not the alpha. I'm so weak that I'd sync to a tree."

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++kev

"If you love someone, just tell them. Or get really drunk and text them, it's basically the same"

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

"I would like to thank all the Yale boys for being so easy." -an enthusiastic freshman girl.

3 attachments — Download all attachments   View all images   Share all images  
janitor.jpg janitor.jpg
31K   View   Share   Download  
pinkachoo.jpg pinkachoo.jpg
16K   View   Share   Download  
trojan.jpg trojan.jpg
22K   View   Share   Download, We have solved Thanksgiving for our customers, thanks to our awesome new bakers from Brown Butter Bakery.  In addition to handpacked pints of ice cream we will be selling apple pies for $22 and a gorgeous, out of this world Chocolate Hazelnut Tart for $10.  They are also making pans of six cinnamon buns for $18.  Order in advance.  The Pilgrims did.  They came to Central Square from England, seeking the freedom to practice their religion and eat better food before falling asleep while watching the Detroit Lions on television., It can be hard to cook in New England.  This isn’t California.  Except for berries and summer peaches I dislike a lot of the local ingredients people expect one to use.  Pumpkins and blueberries are far from my favorite fruits.  The best thing to do with pumpkins is replace them with buttercup squash.  Cut them up, seed them, roast them and puree them.  The taste is much more interesting and I’d recommend bourbon instead of the usual spices.  When we made a balanced Blueberry Lemon flavor I thought we’d solve a problem from Maine.  

Concord grapes are also on my list of things to avoid so I have to report three recent successes.  Rick Katz makes great ice creams and sorbets at PICCO in the South End of Boston.  His Concord Grape Sorbet was the equal of his extraordinary macaroni and cheese.  If the mac and cheese was exponential, the Concord Grape Sorbet was all about restraint.  Instead of that oversized punch in the mouth associated with Concord grapes, his sorbet was allusive and balanced.  I almost left without ordering dessert, which would have been a mistake.

And on Tuesday I stopped at Sofra in Belmont where the seasonal sharbat was Concord Grape-Cardamom.  The cardamom syrup stood up to the grapes.  A server recommended making this with bubbly water and that was also a good idea.  I think the drink was less than $3.

Finally our Art World Correspondent went to Providence where he ate a wonderful vegetarian meal at New Rivers.  “One of the deserts was concord grape sorbet. It was really good. I asked the chef-owner how he made it. He said they used a mixture of ripe and green concord grapes, and for alcohol they used cassis. He said they let it steep with a cinnamon stick. It was kind of a revelation. It didn't taste like grape jelly, but still tasted like concord grape. The cassis was really incredible in it, and the bit of cinnamon gave it a kind of savory finish. Really memorable.", null, Yesterday near Watertown Square., Ben of Cambridge Bicycle, working in the thin late afternoon light of early November., Today's Globe reviews our neighbor, Patty Chen's Dumpling Room.  The photo is gorgeous.

http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2013/11/05/hot-pot-central-square-now-dumpling-restaurant/25rG3QD9PSxY4t48uWm8KK/story.html, Big Design Leadership Conference on the wrong side of the river.  http://www.dmi.org/dmi/html/conference/annual13/conference.htm  Come to 02139.  A neighborhood that makes things., This has been a great election day.  I voted early, and was allowed to vote even though I had not worn my bicycle helmet to the polling place.  Most voters in my stretch of Mid Cambridge bike to the polls and then they wear their helmets with the aplomb of Scottish Highlanders or Beefeaters.  Until recently my neighborhood has been difficult to describe to people and nameless.  "Its near Inman Square between Harvard and MIT, sort of close to Central Square.  Someone christened it Longfellow Village, after the grade school and escalating real estate values.  A neighbor used to describe where we lived as the first bad street out of Harvard Square.  Today I stopped for a moment to admire an election sign when I noticed a thick smell of marijuana.  I walked away and then returned, like a dupe on Candid Camera.  There was no doubt that this sign had been miraculously impregnated with the smell of soon-to-be-legal marijuana.  Neither the sign nor the scent affected my vote but I was prompted to undertake an anxious search - like a Vogue magazine reader might make when looking for a scented blow-in card or perfume sample.  I walked to the Store 24 and back to Broadway Bicycle, leaning down and pretending to peer at the signs, as though I might have been looking for the symbol of a Union printer.  It is never politics as usual in Cambridge.

At the end of the day one of our most famous customers reappeared, years after he first started eating ice cream while doing problem sets.  Sometimes customers disappear and then reappear.  Years ago, when I saw him at the counter I would whisper to new workers not to ask him if they could help him.  It was his cue to say, "I'm beyond help."  His voice was by way of Elisha Cook, Jr. or Al Gore.  He wore his Question Authority button like a French Legion of Honor award and would try to pay with his own money.  At that point he would launch into a mini-lecture about the symbolic value of money.  God help us.  One night he was accosted by neighborhood kids who were not on their way to the Artificial Intelligence Lab.  They said, "What do you have in the bag?"  He said, "None of your business."  So they mugged him and took the ice cream.  We gave him a replacement pint., Went out with former Brookine resident, Commonwealth School grad, Sarah Lawrence grad, publishing titan and scooper Michael Burkin.  He's now doing innovation and design in New York.  We ate a lot of fine Turkish food and no Turkish desserts or even ice cream., One regular ice cream fan says that "The new Big Papi Corn ice cream is Ben & Jerry's "on crack.'  It follows through on its promise of stoner perfection. It delivers.  Its good.", Eliza Murphy visited from Columbus OH, where she is Woody Hayes Professor of figurative painting.  Stephanie Page, of Middlesex County Slavic Language Institute also visited.  Both Scooperstars.

Cambridge City Councillors-in-waiting Janneke House and Nadeem Mazen visited., Tomorrow is Tuesday and that's the day Commonwealth opens.  Steinbones is still a project., The NYTimes coverage of Marcus Samuelson has been spotty but Mario Batali has a piccolo column in the NYT Magazine, 'What I'm Drinking."  This week he is drinking a Milano-Torino.  You are a fool if you think that is a discontinued  Ford sedan.  Last week people in Central Square were drinking Old Shipwreck Coconut Rum and this week they are favoring small bottles of New Amsterdam Citron.  This information has been gained by personal anti-littering effort.  The citron is a piquant response to the chill in the air., Tomorrow is election day and as usual the choices are not what one would wish for but that's why people should participate instead of complaining.  The Cambridge City Council elections can best be understood as representing a dispute between fans of different movie fantasies.  The anti-developent voters are hobbits, who live in trulli-like hobbit houses that are short and organic in appearance.  Many of these hobbit houses are now worth a million dollars.  For several years people have been talking about the mythical average house in Cambridge and its one million dollar valuation.  So the hobbits have self-interest on their side.  But so do their opponents who represent a future described in the movie Blade Runner.  They look forward to twenty story buildings that stretch from one end of the city to the other, from Lechmere to Alewife.  Each building is adorned with huge video monitors featuring Asian women selling Coca Cola.  Unfortunately for the developers, if you remember the movie,  you will remember that Roy Batty killed the head of the Tyrell Corporation.  There is a middle ground, of medium density development, with buildings somewhat short of 20 stories but no one will articulate that possibility.  After the election we will be living with Robbie Coltrane in a rabbit warren or gliding in a hovercar over a Mass. Ave. that looks like a canyon., Went to Dwelltime for a dose of confusion.  I always find ordering at Dwelltime to be confusing but there is a new element.  Many of the baristas are similar in appearance.  Jen Deaderick said they were all Dorothy Warby Parker types.  Do any of them have prescription lenses or have they all chosen to accessorize in lockstep.   Jen also said that the MBTA has stopped running buses on Broadway because no one can get a cup of coffee in time to catch their bus.  "When they do its a very good cup," I said.  "With great pastry."  Then Emeril walked in and Jen lost her train of thought., Ice cream and sorbet flavors for a chilly November evening.  We also have coffee from Olympia's Batdorf & Bronson and Arlington's Barismo.  Both guarantee happier studying., Long ago and far away in a distant galaxy… Tyler Stewart of Pandemonium books and games organized Geek Central. 

http://www.pandemoniumbooks.com/event/geek-central

Events are continuing including an Anime Karaoke Lounge at Moksa until 9P and an afterparty at the Elks Lodge until 11PM. 

The photos capture the awesome silliness of Geek Mini-Golf and a Steel Cage Death Match with medieval and magical weapons under the supervision of the Society for Creataive Anachronism.  The Steel Cage was an invisible force field. 

Tomorrow Central Square will return to the gracious living immortalized on Masterpiece Theater and in the Mansions section of the Wall Street Journal., Sneak peak! We're doing something special for Thanksgiving.  

Now- back to your regularly scheduled Halloween activities., Birthday Boy's head obstructs B3 and Ginger Snap Molasses., Laura London's is our greatest fan.  Here is her updated list of ice creams she has eaten at Toscanini's.  I truthfully do not remember a few of these.  And other names suggest that we revisit a few ideas.

 Afternoon Tea  
 All Spice  
 Almond Amaretto  
 Almond Chip  
 Almond Crème Crème  
 Almond Grapefruit Raisin  
 Almond Joy  
 Amaretto  
 Amaretto Almond  
 Amaretto Cheesecake  
 Amaretto Coconut  
 Amber Wort (Beer)  
 Andes Mint Wafer  
 Anise Pistachio  
 Apple  
 Apple Botch Swirl  
 Apple Butter  
 Apple Cider Sorbert  
 Apple Cinnamon  
 Apple Cranberry + Nuts  
 Apple Sorbet  
 Apple Yogurt  
 Applescotch Swirl  
 Apricot Sorbet  
 Apricot Sour Cream  
 Asian Pear Sorbet  
 Avocado  
 Aztec Chocolate  
 Aztec Chocolate Sorbet  
 B3 Brown Sugar/Brown Butter Brownie  
 Banafee Pie  
 Banana  
 Banana Caramel  
 Banana Cardamom  
 Banana Chip/Banana Choc.Chips  
 Banana Choc Chip Yogurt  
 Banana Foster/Bananas Foster (Rum)  
 Banana Grabbers  
 Banana Hydrox  
 Banana Mallow  
 Banana Nutmeg  
 Banana Sorbet  
 Banana Walnut  
 Banana Walnut + Chips  
 Banana Walnut Yogurt  
 Banana Yogurt  
 Barenjager(honey liquer)  
 Barismo Espresso  
 Barley Mash  
 Basil  
 Bavarian Cookie  
 Beet   
 Belgian Chocolate  
 Belgian Chocolate Sorbet  
 Belgian Chocolate Yogurt  
 Berry Hydrox  
 Berry Sorbet/Mixed Berry Sorbet  
 Berry White  
 Berry Yogurt  
 Big Chip/littleChip  
 Black & Blue Sorbert/Black(Be)&Blue(Berry)  
 Black Bottom  
 Black Currant  
 Black Currant Khulfee  
 Black Forest Cake  
 Blackberry  
 Blackberry & Blueberry Sorbet  
 Blackberry + Blueberry  
 Blackberry Basil  
 Blackberry Coconut Sherbert  
 Blackberry Lime/Blackberry Lime Ade  
 Blackberry Peach Sorbet  
 Blackberry Sorbet  
 Blue & Red Sorbet  
 Blue Lemon  
 Blue Orange  
 Blueberry  
 Blueberry Cheesecake  
 Blueberry Ice/Blueberry Sorbet  
 Blueberry Lemon  
 Blueberry Yogurt  
 Blueberry/Vienna Finger  
 Bourbon  
 Bourbon Black Pepper  
 Bourbon Flake/ Bourbon Chocolate Flake  
 Bourbon Gingersnap  
 Bourbon Pecan/Drunken Nut  
 Bourbon Vanilla  
 Bourbon Vienna Finger  
 Bourbon Walnut  
 Bourbon-Peach  
 Boysenberry   
 Boysenberry Ice/Sorbet  
 Boysenberry Sage  
 Boysenberry Yogurt  
 Brown Sugar Bourbon  
 Buckeye  
 Buckeye  
 Burnt Carmel  
 Burnt Carmel Apple  
 Burnt Carmel Candied Peanut  
 Burnt Carmel Ice Cream Sandwich Yogurt  
 Burnt Carmel Yogurt  
 Burnt Honey  
 Butter Almond  
 Butter Almond Chip  
 Butter Almond Pistachio  
 Butter Bier  
 Butter Chocolate Chip/Butter Chip  
 Butter Heath Bar  
 Butter Lime Pie  
 Butter Pecan  
 Butter Rum  
 Butter Walnut  
 Buttercrunch  
 Buttercup Squash  
 Buttermilk  
 Butterscotch  
 Butterscotch Almond  
 Cakebatter 0r Cake Batter  
 Cambridge Brew Pumpkin Ale  
 Cambridge Lime Pie  
 Candy Hearts  
 Cantaloupe Ice/Cantaloupe Sorbet  
 Cantaloupes  
 Cappuccino  
 Cappuccino Almond  
 Cappuccino Yogurt  
 Caramel Almond/Caramel with Almonds  
 Caramel Apple  
 Caramel Chip/Caramel Choc Chip  
 Caramel Custard  
 Caramel Snap  
 Caramel/ Salty Caramel  
 Cardamom  
 Cardamom Almond Raisin  
 Cardamom Chip  
 Cardamom Coffee  
 Cardamom Pistachio  
 Cardamom Saffron Orange  
 Carrot  
 Carrot Cake  
 Cashew Raisen  
 Cassis Sorbet  
 Cayenne Mango  
 CBC Pumpkin Beer  
 Chai Tea/Chai  
 Champagne Ice/Champagne Sorbet  
 Chardonnay Pear Sorbet  
 Che &Chi/Che &ChoChips/Chi& Che/CherryChi        
 Cherry   
 Cherry Berry  
 Cherry Brandy Sorbet  
 Cherry Cheesecake  
 Cherry Sorbet  
 Cherry Vanilla  
 Chicory  
 Choco Rum Chestnut  
 Chocolate #3 (Dark)  
 Chocolate Almond  
 Chocolate Almond Chip  
 Chocolate Almond Yogurt  
 Chocolate Amaretto  
 Chocolate Banana  
 Chocolate Cake Batter  
 Chocolate Caramel Chip  
 Chocolate Cherry  
 Chocolate Chestnut  
 Chocolate Chip  
 Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough  
 Chocolate Chip Yogurt  
 Chocolate Chips + Cherries  
 Chocolate Chocolate Chip  
 Chocolate Chocolate Chip Yogurt  
 Chocolate Coconut  
 Chocolate Elvis  
 Chocolate Grand Marnier  
 Chocolate Grapenut  
 Chocolate Grapenut Raisin  
 Chocolate Guiness  
 Chocolate Hydrox  
 Chocolate Jack Daniels  
 Chocolate Macaroon  
 Chocolate Mint  
 Chocolate Mint Hydrox  
 Chocolate Molasses  
 Chocolate Orange  
 Chocolate Pecan Chip  
 Chocolate Pepper  
 Chocolate Peppermint + Choc Chips  
 Chocolate Peppermint/Pep. Choc/Chocolate Mt.  
 Chocolate Points  
 Chocolate Raspberry  
 Chocolate Rosemary  
 Chocolate Rum Chip  
 Chocolate Rum Sorbet  
 Chocolate Sambucca  
 Chocolate Sluggo  
 Chocolate Sorbet  
 Chocolate Spicy Caramel Swirl  
 Chocolate Walnut  
 Chomel  
 Chunky Chocolate Cookie  
 Cinnamon  
 Cinnamon - Tapioca  
 Cinnamon Banana / Banana Cin  
 Cinnamon Cherry Pie  
 Cinnamon Chip  
 Cinnamon Graham  
 Cinnamon Nutmeg  
 Cinnamon Oatmeal Cookie  
 Cinnamon Raisin  
 Cinnamon Sherry  
 Cinnamon Vienna Finger Cookie  
 Cinnamon Walnut  
 Cinnamon Yogurt  
 Clove  
 Clove Egg Nog  
 Cocoa + Nuts  
 Cocoa Almond  
 Cocoa Banana  
 Cocoa Cardamom  
 Cocoa Chocolate Chip  
 Cocoa Coconut  
 Cocoa Fresh Mint  
 Cocoa Hydrox Cookie  
 Cocoa Ice Cream Sandwich  
 Cocoa Pudding  
 Cocoa Pudding Yogurt  
 Cocoa Raisin  
 Cocoa Rum Brownie  
 Cocoa Rum Chip/ Coco Rum Chip  
 Cocoa Rum Yogurt  
 Cocoa Sorbet  
 Coconut  
 Coconut Almond  
 Coconut Almond Chip  
 Coconut Almond Chocolate  
 Coconut Chip  
 Coconut Macadamia Chip  
 Coconut Macadamia Nut  
 Coconut Nut Chip  
 Coconut Raisin  
 Coconut Rum  
 Coconut Rum Sorbet  
 Coconut Sorbet  
 Coconut Sorbet w/Rum  
 Coconut Yogurt  
 Coffee  
 Coffee Almond  
 Coffee Bran  
 Coffee Brandy  
 Coffee Caramel  
 Coffee Chip/Coffee Chocolate Chip  
 Coffee Chocolate Chip Yogurt  
 Coffee Cinnamon  
 Coffee Delight  
 Coffee Gelato  
 Coffee Hazelnut/Hazelnuts  
 Coffee Heath Bar/Coffee Heath  
 Coffee Hydrox Cookie Yogurt  
 Coffee Hydrox/Coffee Hydrox Cookie  
 Coffee Ice Cream Sandwich/Coffee ICS  
 Coffee Spicy Pecan  
 Coffee Walnut  
 Coffee Walnut Chip  
 Coffee Yogurt  
 Cookie Dough  
 Cookie Dough/Hydrox  
 Cookie Redox  
 Cra nberry Raspberry White Chocolate  
 Cranberry  
 Cranberry Banana Walnut  
 Cranberry Ice/Cranberry Sorbet  
 Cranberry Orange  
 Cranberry Raspberry Ice  
 Cranberry Rum Sorbet  
 Cranberry-Lime  
 Cranshaw Ice  
 Creamsicle  
 Creamsicle Yogurt  
 Crème Fraiche  
 Crispy Apple Sorbet  
 Cucumber Sorbet  
 Dark Chocolate  
 Double Burnt Caramel  
 Earl Grey Tea/ Earl Grey  
 Earl Grey Yogurt  
 Ebony  & Ivory  
 Eggnog  
 Espresso  
 Espresso + Biscotti  
 Espresso Chip/Espresso & Chips  
 Espresso Granita  
 Espresso Yogurt  
 Five Fruit Sorbet  
 Fluffer Nutter  
 Frangelico Almond  
 French Press Coffee/French Press  
 French Vanilla  
 French Vanilla Yogurt  
 Fresh Mint Chip  
 Frozen Pudding(With Rum)  
 Fruit Pop Tart  
 Fudge Cookie  
 Fudge Swirl  
 Gianduia (Chocolate Hazelnut)  
 Gianduia + Almonds  
 Ginger  
 Ginger - Peach  
 Ginger Cardamom  
 Ginger Chocolate  
 Ginger Lemon/Lemon Ginger  
 Ginger Marnier  
 Ginger Snap Molasses  
 Ginger Sorbet  
 Ginger With Bits  
 Ginger Yogurt  
 Goat Cheese & Brownie/Goat Cheese Brownie  
 Grape Ice/Grape Sorbet  
 Grape Kool AID  
 Grape Nut Yogurt  
 Grape Nut(No Raisins)  
 Grapefruit Cassis Sorbet  
 Grapefruit Ice/Grapefruit Sorbet  
 Grapefruit Tequila  
 Grapenut  
 Grapenut Kiwi Ice  
 Grapenut Pineapple Ice  
 Grapenut Raisen  
 Grapenut Rum Raisen  
 Grapenut Sorbet  
 Grasshopper  
 Grasshopper Mint Cookie/ Gh Cookie  
 Green Rooibos Tea  
 Green Tea  
 Green Tea and Ginger  
 Green Tea Kitkat  
 Guava Ice  
 Guinness Stout-Beer/Guinness/Guinness Stout  
 Halvah  
 Hard Apple Cider Ice/Hard Cider Sorbet  
 Hard Cider  
 Heath Bar Yogurt  
 Heath Bar/Heath Bar Crunch/Heath  
 Honey  
 Honey Almond  
 Honey Chamomile  
 Honey Cinnamon  
 Honey Cinnamon Graham  
 Honey Cinnamon Walnut  
 Honey Lavender  
 Honey Liqueur  
 Honey Thyme  
 Honey Vanilla  
 Honey Vanilla Bean  
 Honey Vanilla Yogurt  
 Honey Walnut  
 Honey Walnut Yogurt  
 Honeydew Ice/Honeydew Sorbet  
 Humantashen  
 Hydrox Coffee + Mint  
 Hydrox Cookie Yogurt  
 Hydrox Cookie/Hydrox  
 Hydrox Vanilla Fin. Cookie  
 Ice Cream Cake  
 Irish Chip  
 Irish Coffee  
 Irish Cream  
 Irish Cream,Cherries,Chips  
 Italian Egg Nog  
 Jasmine  
 Just Fluff/ Just the Fluff  
 Kahlua  
 Kahlua + Biscotti  
 Kahlua + Hydroxi  
 Kahlua Almond  
 Kahlua Almond Yogurt  
 Kahlua Fudge Swirl  
 Khulfee (Cardamom & Nuts)  
 Kheer  
 Kiwi  
 Kiwi Cheesecake  
 Kiwi Ice/Kiwi Sorbet  
 Kulfee/Cardamom + Nuts/Khulfee  
 Lemon  
 Lemon - Espresso  
 Lemon - Orange Ice  
 Lemon Banana  
 Lemon Basil Sorbet  
 Lemon Burnt Carmel  
 Lemon Butter  
 Lemon Butter Vienna Finger  
 Lemon Chocolate  
 Lemon Cranberry  
 Lemon Custard  
 Lemon Espresso  
 Lemon Ginger Sorbet  
 Lemon Ice/Sorbet/Sherbert/Sorbet (Meyer)  
 Lemon Lime Ice/Sorbet  
 Lemon Pistachio  
 Lemon Poppy Seed  
 Lemon Rosewater Sorbet  
 Lemon Vanilla  
 Lemon Yogurt  
 Lemongrass  
 Licorice  
 Lime  
 Lime Burnt Carmel  
 Lime Sorbet  
 Malted Cherry Vanilla  
 Malted Chocolate  
 Malted Chocolate Chip  
 Malted Cocoa Pudding  
 Malted Grape Nut  
 Malted Heath Bar  
 Malted Milk Balls  
 Malted Molasses  
 Malted Vanilla  
 Malted Vanilla w/Chocolate Cake  
 Malted Vanilla Yogurt  
 Mango  
 Mango Cilantro  
 Mango Coconut  
 Mango Ginger  
 Mango Ice/Mango Sorbet  
 Mango Yogurt  
 Mango-Khulfee  
 Maple  
 Maple Cayenne Chip  
 Maple Flake Walnut  
 Maple Oatmeal Cookie  
 Maple Walnut  
 Marsala Gelato  
 Mediterranean Orange  
 Melon Sorbet  
 Mexican Caramel/Cajeta  
 Mexican Chocolate  
 Milk Chocolate  
 Mince Meat  
 Mint (Fresh)  
 Mint Brownie (Fresh)  
 Mint Cherry Fudge  
 Mint Coc Chip/Mint Chip/Pep Chip  
 Mint Flake (Fresh)  
 Mint Hydrox Cookie  
 Mint Milano Cookie  
 Mixed Berry  
 Mocha  
 Mocha Almond  
 Mocha Almond Chip  
 Mocha Cinnamon Raisin  
 Mocha Hazelnut  
 Mocha Hydrox  
 Mocha Truffle  
 Mocha Yogurt  
 Molasses  
 Moroccan Lemonade  
 Mounds  
 Mud Pie  
 Mud Pie Yogurt  
 Nesselrode  
 Nilla Banana  
 Nocciola (Hazelnut)  
 Nocciola Gelato  
 Nocciola Yogurt  
 Noce (Walnut Butter)  
 Nougat  
 Oatmeal Cookie  
 Olive Oil  
 Orange  
 Orange - Apricot  
 Orange Almond  
 Orange Almond Chip  
 Orange Amaretto Sorbet  
 Orange Banana  
 Orange Butter Flake  
 Orange Champagne Ice Sorbet  
 Orange Chocolate  
 Orange Chocolate Chip/Orange Chip  
 Orange Chocolate Sorbet  
 Orange Chocolate Yogurt  
 Orange Cranberry Ice/Sorb/Cran.Or. Sorbet  
 Orange Granita  
 Orange Honey  
 Orange Ice/Orange Sorbet  
 Orange Khulfee  
 Orange Mango Sorbet  
 Orange Milano Cookie  
 Orange Peach  
 Orange Pecan  
 Orange Pineapple  
 Orange Poppyseed  
 Orange Sorbet  
 Orange Yogurt  
 Orange Yogurt+ Muffins  
 Orange-Kiwi Sorbet  
 Orange-Pineapple Sorbet  
 Oreo  
 Ovaltine  
 Ovaltine with Ginger Cookies  
 Paloma Sorbet  
 Pancakes  
 Papaya Sherbet  
 Peach  
 Peach Ice/Sorbet  
 Peach Mint Sorbet  
 Peach Yogurt  
 Peanur Butter Honey/P.B.Honey  
 Peanut Butter  
 Peanut Butter + Chocolate  
 Peanut Butter + Cookies  
 Peanut Butter + Wafers  
 Peanut Butter Chip Sorbet  
 Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip/Chip  
 Peanut Butter Cup  
 Peanut Butter Hazelnut  
 Peanut Butter Hydrox  
 Peanuts & Cookie Dough  
 Peanuts + Chocolate Chips  
 Pear  
 Pear Anise Sorbet  
 Pear Apple Sorbet  
 Pear Ginger Sorbet  
 Pear Ice/Sherbet/Sorbet  
 Pecan Lace Swirl  
 Pecan Pie  
 Peppermint  
 Peppermint Chip  
 Peppermint Stick  
 Pernod Liqueur  
 Pesto  
 Pie Girl Ale  
 Pina Colada  
 Pineapple Ice/Pineapple Sorbet  
 Pineapple Rum Ice/Sorbet  
 Pink Grapefruit  
 Pistachio  
 Pistachio Yogurt  
 Plum Ice/Plum Sorbet  
 Plum Pineapple Ice  
 Polish Chicory  
 Pretzels & Beer  
 Pumpkin  
 Pumpkin Apple  
 Pumpkin Pie  
 Pumpkin Rum Raisen  
 Rasberry Chocolate Chip  
 Rasberry Lime Rickey  
 Raspberry Brownie Parfait #14  
 Raspberry Caramel  
 Raspberry Orange Sorbet  
 Raspberry Sour Cream  
 Raspberry Strawberry/Straw. Rasp.  
 Raspberry Swirl  
 Raspberry Yogurt  
 Raspberry/ Red Raspberry  
 RaspberryIce/Sorbet  
 Raspberry-Red Currant  
 Rather Dark Chocolate  
 Red and Blue Berries Sorbet  
 Reverse Chip  
 Rhubarb Sorbet  
 Rice Krispie Crunch  
 Rice Krispie Treat  
 Rose Yogurt  
 Rosewater Sorbet  
 Rum  
 Rum Chip  
 Rum Ginger  
 Rum Raisin  
 Rum Raisin Yogurt  
 Saffron  
 Saffron Bitter Orange  
 Saffron Orange Cardamom  
 Saffron Pistachio  
 Sage  
 Salty Caramel  
 Salty Caramel/Salted Caramel  
 Sangria Sorbet  
 Sauerkraut  
 Scandinavian Apple  
 Sherry  
 Smokey Cranberry  
 Snoop Devil Dog  
 Sorbet Y'All  
 Sorghum  
 Sorghum Apple  
 Sour Cream  
 Soy Aztec Chocolate Cookie  
 Spanish Chili  
 Star Anise  
 Straight Bourbon  
 Strawaberry Cheesecake  
 Strawberry  
 Strawberry Apricot  
 Strawberry Banana  
 Strawberry Blueberry Sorbet  
 Strawberry Guavas  
 Strawberry Honey Sorbet  
 Strawberry Ice Cream Sandwich  
 Strawberry Ice/Sorbet  
 Strawberry Lemon Basil  
 Strawberry Margarita Sorbet  
 Strawberry Mint Chip  
 Strawberry Pineapple Sorbet  
 Strawberry Pineapple Yogurt  
 Strawberry Pink Peppercorn Sorbet  
 Strawberry Red Currant Ice  
 Strawberry Rhubarb Sorbet  
 Strawberry Sorbet W/Orange  
 Strawberry Tequila Sorbet  
 Strawberry Yogurt  
 Strawberry-Boysenberry Ice  
 Strawberry-Kiwi Sorbet  
 Strawberry-Orange Ice  
 Strawberry-Peach Sorbet  
 Sugar Plum Sherry Sorbet  
 Sugar Plums(Brandy + Fruits)  
 Supercake  
 Sweet Cream  
 Sweet Cream Custard  
 Sweet Cream Yogurt  
 Sweet Potato + More  
 Syrah Wine  
 Tang (like tang drink)  
 Tangello Sorbet  
 Tangerine Sorbet  
 Tapioca  
 Tea & Cardamom   
 Tea & Cloves  
 Teeny M & Ms/Tiny  
 Tessabelle's Twisted Raspberry Vanilla  
 Thai Coconut  
 Thin Mint  
 Tiramisu  
 Toasted Coconut  
 Tropical Sorbet  
 Turkish  Mocha  
 Turkish Coffee  
 Twilight  
 Twinkies Da Dlavor  
 Vanilla  
 Vanilla (No Egg)  
 Vanilla Bean  
 Vanilla Bean Almond  
 Vanilla Bean Sorbet  
 Vanilla Sorbet  
 Vanilla Vodka  
 Vanilla Yogurt  
 Vegan Chocolate  
 Vegan Coconut  
 Vegan Coffee  
 Vegan Ginger Yogurt  
 Vegan Peanut Butter Chip  
 Vegans/Strawberry  
 Vegas Elvis  
 Vienna Finger Cookie  
 Vietnamese Coffee  
 Walnut Brittle  
 Wasabi Pea  
 Watermelon Sorbet  
 White Chip  
 White Chocolate   
 White Chocolate & Chocolate Stuff  
 White Chocolate + Almonds/WhChoc Almonds  
 White Chocolate Bourbon  
 White Coffee  
 White Coffee + Chocolate Chip  
 White Coffee Hydrox  
 White Coffee Yogurt  
 White Mocha  
 White Russian - The Dude  
 Whoopee  
 Wild Turkey  
 Worm Hole  
 Wort  
 Yellow Cake Batter  
 Yellow Plum Sorbet  
   
   
   P.S. I have no record of your making:  Lavender, Earl Grey Lavender, Nutella, Blood Orange, Cream Cheese, Raspberry Cream Cheese, Beet Cayenne, Beet Cardamom, Spiced Tea, or Spiced Tea with Tang.

Thanks for all the good times.

Laura, It has been three weeks since Darius Dobrolinski moved Q Audio to Brookline St. in Central Square.  Early on a rainy Sunday, October 27, around 615AM two men battered their way into his store across from the Middle East and stole thousands of dollars worth of expensive audio equipment.  Videotape shows the two men pull up in a station wagon and throw a boulder into the glass door, forcing their way in.  The entire incident was caught on multiple video cameras. Cambridge Police Dept. Detective David Atherton is investigating.  Last week a nearby Radio Shack was similarly robbed., A New England birthday greeting to a former small town cop.

Last week I drove out to western Mass, after being invited to do a weekend of ice cream making at a hippy Conference and retreat center.  It was an opportunity to look over the place.  The guy who invited me is a former New York book editor (Jewish, of course) who "moved to the country" and wants to change the conference center so it is a little less crunchy.  He has hilarious Northern Exposure-type stories.  

He is on the volunteer fire dept. and is also the animal control officer.  Actually he was recently demoted to Assistant Animal Control Officer because the town won't pay to send him to state-mandated training. The training is in distant Worcester.  They made a deal with a neighboring town that they would share animal control officers.  The New Yorker does the work but doesn't get the title.  

One night he gets a phone call, "Are you the dog officer?"

"I am the animal control officer for the town."

"I want you to shoot a dog.  It won't stop barking and its driving me nuts."

"I'm busy this weekend, can it wait?"

"No.  If you won't shoot it I will."

"Why can't you wait until Monday?"
 
"I'm visiting my parents and I'll be gone by Monday.   They're deaf.  The barking doesn't bother them."

"Well if you're going to shoot the dog please call the police beforehand."

Naturally he has other stories about the Hill Towns that are similar to yours.  He has to get a trooper to visit some houses because they are suspected meth labs.  Not the Yankee Magazine version of New England. 

On the way back to Boston, on Route 2,  we stopped at an Indian trading post with totem poles.  The only food they had was water and almonds from Vermont that were sweetened with maple sugar.  The clerk may have been a Buddhist nun. Buzz cut and pink robes.  The almonds were stale.

Can't make this stuff up.

Happy Birthday.

Love,
Gus, This is an important weekend for birthdays.  Christophers Cowens.  LBL.  AHT.  Here is the front and back of the special AHT shirt., Souvenirs from a trip to SF:  Ici, Humphrey Slocum, Bi Rite Creamery.  Happy memories.  They all used reusable metal spoons for samples., Why we haven't created a flavor for the World Series.  Basically Emily thinks it could jinx the Red Sox and we would then live under a curse for the rest of our rotten lives.  Someone said that our Pond Hockey Corrrespondent, Tom Welch had suggested Stanley Chip for the last Stanley Cup playoff and the Bruins had gone on to lose.   So we have to think of our power.  Emily does have a flavor in mind should the Sox win.  But she doesn't like that kind of thinking  because it suggests the Sox might not win and that is unacceptable.  So we'll wait to see what happens.

We do have recommendations for people who visit  St. Louis.  Go to the St. Louis Art Museum.  Great.  Free!.  Great new addition.  Go to Washington the Pulitzer Foundation on Washington Boulevard.   The art collection is in a building by Japanese concrete genius, Tadao Ando.  The other Concrete Genius in St. Louis is Ted Drewes.  Ted makes ice cream and his shakes are called "concretes" because they are so thick.   Or is his name Tadao Drewes.  Anyhow you, can't live in St. Louis on Toasted Ravioli and Concretes so go to Sump in South City or Blueprint Coffee in the Delmar Loop.  Two very different great coffee shops.  

See you at the zoo., Great video about our building!  A little long, but worth watching.

http://colabradio.mit.edu/899-main-street-an-uncertain-future/, Thursday night flavors. http://t.co/17m1p2Sdo5, Time of the season.  Meanwhile, talking with customer who has been growing pot in Cambridge.  A possibly knowing City Council candidate knocked on the door and said, "You'll be happy to hear that the marijuana dispensary overlay district does not include this neighborhood.", Brave New Throwdown at Dwelltime tonight, Th O 24 7P http://t.co/0IzIBfuGW8, World Series of flavors. Homerun Heathbar. Grand slam Goat Cheese Brownie. http://t.co/9ujOQNB7GE, An alternative to the Cards game.  http://t.co/P04EzRwr60  FREE, Mimi says that Zero Dark Thirty is a great movie.  Tonight at Brattle.  http://t.co/XoAekT5aAK, A Central Square working group had a discussion about chewing gum and cleaning up discarded pieces of chewing gum.  The guy from Public Works said its very hard to do and always involves lots of labor, even if the city bought the $25,000 ultimate machine there would be a lot of "hand work" involved.  A little like making artisanal bread.  And the stain always remains so finally someone suggested outlawing chewing gum as Singapore does.  That lead one participant to say that if "gum was outlawed, only outlaws would have gum."  It may be too early to move on this idea but that's life in the Big City., Attatboy

We Oc 23, 2013

An “attaboy letter” is an old-fashioned term for an unsolicited compliment.  We get lots of them and they remind us that our interactions with customers can be surprisingly important to the customer.  

Colleen waited on a difficult customer who wanted an egg cream.  She called Mimi to say it was the best egg cream she’d ever had.  And that she had cancer.

Someone else who sounds like Alex or Harry waited on a customer who has previously had emotional moments in the store.  She wanted two flavors packed side by side.  She emailed me to say thank you.  She had been diagnosed with pneumonia and the pint was the best thing to happen to her.  When I wrote back to thank her for writing an “attaboy letter” she wrote back to me to say her first email wasn’t an “attaboy letter”.  It was “fucking awesome.”, Churn2 closes on Sa Oc 26.  http://t.co/UhFbdHuc5i, Knock down Bexley?  http://t.co/ItwhEagoY7, Vieux Farka Toure will play for FREE at BU on We Oc 23 at noon!, This beautiful photograph shows the new standard developed by the O'Toole Brothers and other scoopers for something that is difficult to accomplish and once something we refused to attempt.  Photo by Adam Eisenstadt, This is clever and maybe more than just clever  http://t.co/Fs6V2XrL1d, The running Japanese business men music video.  Like many Japanese things it is odd and beautiful or oddly beautiful http://t.co/ZOKUUuTZI5, Better robo baristas in Texas  http://t.co/5oI3LtIF4c, Tuesday night flavor extravaganza. http://t.co/fKGNp0W4jR, We go to the ends of the earth.  Today we drove out to the still-glowing town of Rowe, Mass., home of the now-decommissioned Yankee Rowe nuclear reactor.  We had a wonderful visit at the Rowe Conference Center and then drove back to Boston on Route 2.  

I have memories from childhood when my family would take various routes from New York City to visit relatives in Lawrence, Mass.  Route 2 has its special place in my own geography.  The road, or much of the road is called The Mohawk Trail and has weird street art from the WPA era.  There is a scenic overlook where you can play minature golf but it must be very minature golf since the overlook is close to a steep dropoff.  Bring old golf balls you don't mind losing.  And there are a lot of misplaced images of Indians or Native Americans or Native American Indians, but not the kind that once lived in Mass.  Mostly you seen icons of plains Indians including teepees.  We stopped for a snack at one "trading post."  Snacks were few.  Bottled water and sugared stale almonds from Vermont.  The cashier may have been a Buddhist nun, or affected that look.  

If we had a day or two I would have driven further west to North Adams and Williamstown whereyou can find three great small museums:  Mass. MOCA, the Clark Institute and Williams College's own Museum.  

I had always imagined that Henry Knox and his band of patriots had dragged cannon from Ft. Ticonderoga to Boston using this northern route but the briefest research  shows that they traveled further south to present General Washington and the occupying British with the cannon that would force the British to abandon Boston and make possible a great holiday for government workers, Evacuation Day, null, We are speculating about a co-worker's ability to keep talking.  The secret must be circular breathing., #flavorsoftheday check out pecan pie and pound cake! http://t.co/IasNH1ApdX, Inside a barn at High Lawn Farms, far from all those picky picky coffee shops that use High Lawn milk., Any ideas for flavors that relate to The World Series?, A return to the McDonald'Hot Coffee injury case.  http://t.co/GF97OieJ3h, Government of Italy announced grant to support Italian students at Toscanini's.  Its getting to be like a rookery., I just left the Central Sq. Farmers Market, eating greens as I walked back, the world's biggest rabbit.  Open until 6PM, Say goodbye to the weekend and Hello to these flavors. Sunday pm. http://t.co/s3QncEeKz4, California sunlight at Scribe Vineyard., Tonight former Toscateeny Dan Ruetnik has a 60 Minutes piece on Saving the Whales., At Voltage Coffee & Donut event.  They may run out before 6pm, There really is a Foot of the Charles rowing event.  This year it is on November 16.  Not much drinking.  No state troopers.  Just rowing., We have the smartest scooper in the world, even smarter than Tom Ehrenfeld.  Every January we note, even celebrate the Great Molasses Flood of 1915 but thinking months ahead, Dr. Matt Siegal has suggested a new flavor:  Molasses Disaster.  I've had a rum and molasses flavor in mind and now there's a name with internal rhyme.  The new year cannot come too soon.  It is Matt's mighty left arm that is visible beneath today's list of flavors., Corby MUST be quoted on the closing of Hilltop.  http://t.co/KmJcS4uLFd  Anthony's, Jimmy's, The European.  All gone.  Is Durgin Park open?, I love all these, even "Hitler Finds out About Obamacare"  http://t.co/MskByNDk8T, Ahoy sailors! Or rowers or whatever you may be. These are our offerings for Head of the Ice Cream Friday. http://t.co/YrntWPKOIL, If you're here for the Head and hungry:  Moderate $:  Area Four, Veggie Galaxy, Miracle of Science, Mary Chung's, Life Alive,, Questions in Italian about the IgNobels.  https://t.co/831IHhKQJE, SF' Coffee Wars  http://t.co/PKinftimPT  as Ken Burns might report., Tomorrow Voltage Cafe has a nourishing donut event from noon until 6PM.  Popup donuts that nourish the soul.  With awesome coffee, A guy from Paris and Harvard creates ice cream in edible packaging.  Neat looking.  http://t.co/vPoHfrLxEd, Meatpaper is closing, which is sad, but The Modern Farmer has arrived.  http://t.co/I6aMlW3YVC  This is like Crawdaddy vs. Rolling Stone., Former Cambridge resident Mitchell Bryant, now starring in his own musical version of Streets of San Francisco.  We were walking downhill towards the Ferry Building Market when we heard a voice call our names., Last Head of the Charles race for Saturday is 512P., TGIFlavors. Welcome to tosci, regatta-folk! Busy weekend ahead. http://t.co/64yjow2GoL, The Power of Toscanini's is Global.  , Thursday night flavors! The last of Lumberjacked. Until soon. http://t.co/FnUivanOhu, Party 3 of SF Compostela Cone Tour in Berkeley.  Altogether different, altogether delicious http://t.co/IXQSrAhb4j, SF ice cream Compostela:  at Humphrey's enjoying friendly service and Vanilla, Viet Cof, Balsamic Caramel, Birthday boy Mitchell Bryant magically appears on Sutter St in SF http://t.co/tjqnxn391u, Not the usual NYT wedding.  14 year old Gypsy boy and his 16 year old bride.  Neither went to Fieldston or Wesleyan, Went to see Muscle Shoals, the movie.  If you love music you will love this, but an unexpected strength is that like Jiro Dreams of Sushi this is a portrait of an unapologetic difficult man, and is at times Faulknerian.   It is also sometimes overly pictorial  (while suggesting like Faulkner and other Southern writers a rural paradise) and like all those authors a paradise that was often incredibly difficult for its residents.  Oddly, the movie is too long while some performers are short-changed.  Better editing would have excised Bono and most of the indulgent Rolling Stones material, and the shadowy re-enactments, and been more succinct about Rick Hall's own Sutphen's Hundreds story.  Still... great stuff about Aretha who is beautiful, Wilson Pickett and Duane Allman.  Gotta talk to my brother, the family expert on music and the space program., LUMBERJACKED!!!
#flavorsoftheday http://t.co/PO7DsCjEFA, The first appearance of a Pinthead, perhaps a cross between Totoro and a Wisconsin Cheesehead.  Taken at Fenway by a very happy Emily.  Who has been happy since perfecting Lumberjacked., Agents of Shield?  Agents of William Morris or Agents of Allstate.  From Nick Fury &  Howling Commandoes 2 Nick Fury Agent of Shield 2 this?, Wow.  Greg Allman looks like Edgar Winter., It sunny.  It's Columbus Day.  These are the flavors at 2P. http://t.co/4mXaExVMGz, https://t.co/wplAkl3t6j  This isn't Gangnam Style.  Why KPop trumps JPop., Yale has secret societies and an aging group of Mafiosi and it has Overheard at Yale, which requires a yale.edu address. 

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
"I'm tired of this shit. I need some fresh thighs" - Yalie at Popeyes

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Person 1: "I just can't stand Dining Hall food"

Person 2: "It's supposed to be sustainable"

Person 1: "Sustainable is not the same as edible"

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
"I don't think it's necessary to have a Harry Potter marathon"
"Well was it necessary for us to bomb the Japanese?"
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

"She's one of the least DTF people out there."
"I'm okay with that. I have the libido of an eighty year old man!"
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
"I really don't know how all these math things work I just do financial aid here."
-Yale Financial Aid officer

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
"This phone is making a buzzing noise."
"It's a dial tone."
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

"My sense is that Global Affairs is the 'can't believe it's not butter' version of Political Science."

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

At Bass library: "All of the mildly attractive people leave by 11pm."

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
In chem lab a beaker shatters on the ground. From across the room the chem professor yells,
"PARTY FOUL"

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
"That eraser has seen exactly how stupid I am."
-Intermediate Micro Student working on pset
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

"yeah i guess i could see it... i guess i could see it"

- about whether young Hilary Clinton was hot or not

(she was visiting campus that weekend)
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Woman points to crucifix and asks, "Who's that?"

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

"Hey, I saw our TF at church!"
"I saw him at a naked party."

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

"I don't believe in the sunk cost fallacy."

"What do you mean?"

"I know she's a lost cause, but I'm just gonna go down with the ship."

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

At York and Elm: "Do you know where I can get froyo at this time of night?"

Nowhere, dude. It's 1:10 in the morning. Nowhere.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++, If you try the new Pound Cake flavor you will get -surprise- pound cake with butterscotch swirl.   The butterscotch IS a surprise., We are not now serving Lumberjacked or Pound Cake but we will later on this sunny Columbus Day:  Lumberjacked has pea but, toffee & fudge., Rounding out the week with these flavs. http://t.co/r4SlvGziJG, A lot of good times in restaurants.

Last night a friend had a surprise party at Tavolo in Dorchester to celebrate his marriage.  It celebrated 30 years or 40 years since they had lived together for 10 years before getting married.  During the meal a loud and funny colleague began shouting, "I will not eat an animal's brain.  Under no circumstances will I eat the brain of an animal."

Afterwards this refrain was taken up by an intellectual property attorney who described what he had eaten in Indonesia and Malaysia.  And what he didn't eat.

On Friday I went to Ana Sortun's new place with good friends.  Stephen was tired and perhaps suffering from a day's professional tippling at the wine store where he worked.   At one point he began an excellent imitation of Boston's iconic, former Catholics Cardinal, Richard Cardinal Cushing.  He ended with a recitation of the lord's Prayer., Vaughn unearths more funny maps.  http://t.co/yHP8rMN4lv, We don't let adults sit on the table but exceptions are made., On We, at Blue Bottle in Oakland CA Merry Corky White will discuss Coffee Life in Japan.  http://t.co/7POYTnGgUv  FREE, Bettina found this but where was it?  http://t.co/l8NTd4liF9  It seems British so we have our assets in Southeastern England on the case., The strong right forearm of a future surgeon and our flavors at 1242PM http://t.co/unsWFF9qU5, For those who love movies about food and France, Haute Cuisine is way out in West Newton.  Tomorrow Hannah Arendt is playing, but not today., Honk Fest reaches a fever pitch in Davis Square and then down Mass. Ave. to H2.  http://t.co/dHFXBa0YTl, Tomorrow is Columbus Day, possibly the best day of the year.  We are opening an hour later on Monday, at 9AM., Ken Field is our asset inside The Honk Festival.  Here is his report on what's left of this year's Honk! Festival.  

Sat noon:  Opening ceremonies in 7 Hills Park behind Davis T Station

Sat afternoon/evening:  All bands playing outdoors throughout Davis Sq

Sun noon:  HONK! parade from Davis Sq to Harvard Sq (avoid Mass Ave if you are driving noon-2pm Sunday!)

Sun afternoon:  All-Band Blowout Concert, free, 2-6pm, 10 minutes per band, Oktoberfest Main Stage, Harvard Sq (the 3rd band will be a Sax Swarm led by me and NYC's Jason Candler from Hungry March Band, with original music composed by me and Jason, and probably something like 20 sax players - roughly 2:15pm.  Don't miss this Sax Swarm!

Deets at http://honkfest.org, Our Fearless Leader in front of his zodiac sign by Ai Wei Wei at Cleveland Museum of Art., Fr flavors Today Jr, Adam's return http://t.co/Eh89CLER8O, #wellesley ice cream flavors at 899  Tosci http://t.co/rJFQjbOES5, We all (Gus, Emily and Sam) just made Orange Saffron Cardamom Khulfee.  This was based on a recipe I found in a London newspaper, which illustrates how pervasive Indian food has become in Britain.  The recipe was contained in an article about The River Cottage restaurant.  

We make several kinds of Khulfee.  Khulfee means frozen dessert in Hindi and ours are American in texture.  Our first Khulfee is Cardamom with chopped almonds and pistachios.  This Orange Saffron Cardamom Khulfee was second and then we made a flavor for an MIT student who grew up in Kenya.  There are lots of Indians in East Africa but our Kenyan Khulfee would only be familiar to members of this grad's family.  His mother's combination of saffron and cardamom are what we attempted to duplicate.  It was his favorite dessert growing up in Nairobi.

Today we made this with nuts and without nuts.  The names can be confusing but I like them all., When Quincy Market, or is it Faneuil Hall Marketplace, opened there were more than a few cynics who disliked it but I thought the best thing about Ben Thompson's design was that it provided an indoor space for a city largely devoid of such public gathering places.  And New England cities need those oversized indoor rooms.  Neither South Station nor North Station aspired to be more than waiting areas.  Lafayette Place was designed by Mitchell Giurgola, but never succeeded other than launching Jean Georges' career. His first restaurant was located there.  He moved to New York City and became gigantic.    

Harvard and the City of Cambridge redesigned and rebuilt the underpass  that carries Broadway and Cambridge Street to Mass. Ave.  The top of the underpass is quaintly called The Overpass, although a few have imagined it to be a plaza in front of Sert's Science Center and Memorial Hall.  Chris Lee's firm Stoss Landscape Urbanism have labored to create something wonderful and the past few weeks have been full of successes, marked unusually by whimsy and humor, not typical adjectives associated with planners.  There is a very large tent-like structure that is casual enough to look left over from gradution.  Bicyclists ride through it, watching ping pong matches, and oversized games of checkers.   On Tuesday the space hosts the biggest Farmers' Market in Cambridge, and will again until October ends.  On Friday the space is used for a clothing market similar to London's Spitalfields Market:  vintage and hand-made, and sometimes just unusual.  

Early efforts to animate the plaza were perfunctory visits by food trucks.  I'm interested to see what else is programmed and what else is allowed to happen.  Shouldn't Harvard host non-stop drumming like the University of California?  Might there be a gathering of artisanal coffee makers?  We will allsee., Hilltop Stake House is closing, for many years the busiest restaurant in the US.  Hilltop is the latest casualty, the most recent to close of the oversized restaurants that dominated Boston dining.  Anthony's Pier Four, Jimmy's Harborside, Weylu's, even Bishops in downtown Lawrence.   All gone.  

I used to take foreign visitors to Hilltop because I knew it fufilled their ideas of American dining.  Lone lines, big portions.  And on one trip to Hilltop I was startled to see that the No Credit Card policy had been expanded to a no cash register policy.   It was a wonder that the Mass. Dept. of Revenue had anything to do. 

When I moved to Boston I was struck by the number of restaurants with long lines of patiently waiting customers and I had a theory.  As the nation's biggest college town, Boston was full of people who twice a year waited on long lines to register for courses.  Computers have ended this quaint custom.  But then people waited on line, or in line to sign up for history classes and English survey courses, and also to eat at Regina's in the North End, Steve's Ice Cream in Somerville and the original Legal Sea Food in Inman Square, Cambridge.  I don't think this idea bears much scrutiny.  Most of the big restaurants did not attract crowds that could any way be described as collegiate.   Now the one place with a long line is the improbable Yume Wo Katare Ramen shop in Porter Square.  

A few years ago one of the fiberglass cows from Hilttop was stolen and airlifted to the top of the MIT Dome.  It can now be found in the cafe in Kendall Square's, They should rename the Minuteman Bikeway Squirrel Alley.  And they need signs similar to the moose collision signs in Maine., Why are environmentally friendly paper products always called Green?  They're grey.  A dull Navy gray.  And why are they always expensive?, Mimi and Mark Shea are heading for that big ranch on Route 1.  They'll be eating at Hilltop before it closes to become the biggest ATM Farm, Evan Ziporyn plays Steve Martland @ MIT tonight 8P $5 if you didn't get into MIT., Come by around 4PM for the first Honk Festival event in front of the store in Jill Rhone Park., We have Cocoa Rum Chip for returning lady engineers., Working on Cocoa Rum Chip for returning MIT engineers.  Plus Nutella-Nocciola and N3 (Nutella-Nocciola-Nuts).  Early in the morning., FILET STEAK MAC & CHEESE http://t.co/E2tHoGu2xE, 7P-845P Th Oc 10 at the Lilypad, Inman Sq.  http://t.co/eTIWI0oV0h  The Why.  Bert Seager and friends make amazing acoustic improvisations., Judy Motzkin is part of Earth Effects  http://t.co/TryOCoXuZW  730PM reception.  "Relaxed parking rules.", The flavors for a Th that has gotten grayer even though the new Today Junior album is out http://t.co/H7wVOAu8pS, This is for Vaughn, Grigorio, Vitti, Dr. White, Tom, Solomon:

There is a new movie about Lella and Massimo Vignelli, who have done so much good modern design.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anl5D2Bpsbo, I rarely eat peanut butter, so while I was happy to make flavors with Teddie's Organic Peanut Butter for a program based at Bentley College, I was surprised by how much interest the story evinced.  Over the years I have brought organic peanut butter to friends in Italy, where it is difficult to find.  Now everyone is on Fox television eating Teddie's organic peanut butter ice cream.  And smiling., Our customers type well http://t.co/6jb77X5ogF  Cooking for Crowds.  40th Anniversary Edition., Its always baseball season in Saint Louis, but its really baseball season in October.  Our Midwestern correspondent, DTR photographed this enthusiastic Cardinal supporter, just outside the Buder branch of the St. Louis Public Library., Pedestrians are as bad as bicyclists and drivers.  Let's make the pedestrians wear reflective clothing or even winking lights.  And let's have a big fine for jaywalkers who are on their cellphones., We had to fast prototype some ice cream for a program at Bentley College.  We made Teddie's Peanut Butter and then we made Teddie's-Nutella and finally we made Teddie's- Nutella-Biscotti.  This prompted me to repeat one of my very worst jokes.  "If Star Trek had been made in Italy we would always say, "Beam Me Up, Biscotti."  

Which reminds me of another, "If Walt Disney had been Swedish all the rides at Disneyland would last three hours and at the end of each ride you would die."  Its a Bergman joke and Stanley Kauffmann always laughed., Barismo coffee comes from all over the world, to the roastery in Arlington.  It is delivered to us by bicycle.  it is always good., The sky above Central Sq., Boom is a great title for what could be a great magazine about California http://t.co/Lybd30EO69, Stanley Kauffmann, film critic, died at 97.  http://t.co/J1oHavPYES, Floyd Cardoz is the first chef to improvise with mac and cheese.  I want to eat mac and cheese and go to his restaurant which is best result, People laugh when they hear about Brave Combo's Tex Czech music.  http://t.co/Tvg0e9FXR9  Tex tech food is as good., Honk Festival starts at Jill Rhone Brown Park in front of Toscanini's on Fr Oc 11 at 3PM  http://t.co/Oh7ohSewpJ  The Brass Messengers, Jen Lin Liu talks noodles on NPR's OnPoint  http://t.co/2WyMor4XLn, Ken Shulman's Away Games http://t.co/sNv4Jn4efg at Hit Wicket tonight, We Oc 9.  About World's Greatest Cricket rivalry., The flavors for We Oc 9, 1015AM http://t.co/3Uu41a38A6, Tuesday night! Come try Dulce De Lavender while its here- it's floral and delicious! http://t.co/CXUfdyReHF, 730PM at Regattabar.  A fusion of jazz and Armenian folk music.  http://t.co/VfjMVRcsnM, Ken Field has the shortest name of anyone playing at tonight's Regattabar concert.  http://t.co/VfjMVRcsnM  It should be good., Happy cow in Lee, Mass. at High Lawn Farm.  This cow was raised to make lattes and cappuccino's.  Everyone uses High Lawn milk.  It is a very reliable indication of serious coffee making.  High Lawn is gorgeous, atop a hill in the Berkshires.  One guy described the Berkshires as the new Catskills, which is one of many New York jokes you can hear in Mass., Greer Gilman at last night's book party for her new book "Cry Murder! In a Small Voice.", Class trip!  Drove out to Lee,Mass. to visit High Lawn Farm.  Expected lots of baristas but mostly cows.  Joe and cow http://t.co/EBuJM2bmk8, Keep off Broadway in Cambridge because of detours, Sam Mehr sends news of the winner of the MBTA's contest for a new system map.  No guarantee about real trains.  http://t.co/qCA4PdeEJL, Monday night. It's steamy out but these flavors are chill. http://t.co/pTajo7ZXy3, At Greer Gilman's book party.  Just talked with the fiction editor and poetry editor of http://t.co/B02lXtwc6T, Roundabout are not exactly rotaries or DC "circle."  In Russia they continued to build them, along with underground pedestrian passages., Greer Gilman is reading.  From the next book in her series of Ben Johnson as a detective.  Exit Pursued by a Bear.  Take that Spenser., A once and future customer learns to scuba dive in order to make art.  http://t.co/LeHMI5kAeO, We are celebrating the publication of Greer Gilman's new "Cry Murder! in a Small Voice"  The famous author is here.  Come by, buy a book., A good story about corporate fraud from the Yale Alumni News  http://t.co/IMVTuW8roC, http://t.co/LlHZAegIi2  A "roundabout" is a "rotary" for NYT writers., Here's an article about "roudabouts" which is the term NYT writers use after their semesters abroad.  Here they're called "rotaries.", Ken Shulman prepares Away Games at Hit Wicket on We Oc 9 7PM.  Cricket madness, There are combines and threshers and John Deere equipment of every shape at the Central Sq. Farmers' Market on Bishop Allen., The Honk Festival is this weekend. http://t.co/dHFXBa0YTl  The weekend after is the Head of the Charles.  Borrow an air mattress for guests, Rounding off the week with some of these awesome flavors. Come by. Sunday night. http://t.co/pnkffOWEhB, future civil leaders  one 2016 the other 2045, 10-250 http://t.co/CXsNghWL9u  Euro Short Films., 8PM FREE at Jordan Hall http://t.co/uWlcVClDtB  percussion!, Saturday! Flavors as of right now. PB ice cream and concord grape sorbet in a brioche? http://t.co/IZgou8OyDS, Somersaulting modular robots on video  http://t.co/iXM53XPNYp, A review of the last concert by the Minnesota Symphony, Flavors for a fall Friday. How's that for some ice cream alliteration? Swing by. http://t.co/JDIbinq2za, http://t.co/39WgtcLBKc  The only article about police action in DC and press reaction.  Doesn't mention LAPD shooting or FBI shootings., I don't know what time this starts but… they're short.  http://t.co/CXsNghWL9u  Euroshorts film festival at MIT., What's the difference between a Yankee Dog and a Fenway Frank?  You can still buy a Fenway Frank in October., London Underground is very good.  The graphics are better.  http://t.co/PwHc38M3oo, This is the customized roaster used by Blueprint Coffee in the Delmar Loop area of St. Louis.  Everything in this well-thought cafe is beautiful., On a recent visit to St. Louis Merry Corky White, author of Coffee Life in Japan found two outstanding coffee shops.   This photo is of Scott Carey, owner of Sump, who is thinking and roasting and then probably thinking some more., Thursday pm flavors! http://t.co/wwnQrJnozm, Central Sq. keeps changing.  Middle East proposes 100 units of housing on top of rock and roll venue.  http://t.co/RzGf24FHL7, Paris used to be terrible for coffee.  Vaughn says things have changed:  Loustic in the 3rd, Telescope in the 1rst, Cafe Lomi in 17th..., It was a little summery today. These are our offerings tonight. http://t.co/KY38rPbkhN, When I moved to Boston, long ago,  to attend Boston University I was mystified by this weather.  September and October are crazy, deceitful weeks in Boston.  Wake up to cool weather and then find yourself lugging an unneeded jacket until you go home in the rain.  Ah well.  Its good for the trees and the combinations can be fabulous when they're not aggravating.  People in Minnesota would laugh and call it Theater of the Seasons.  Anything is possible including romantic morning mists worthy of Turner, although Turner never painted idiot-skateboarders swooshing across Mass. Ave., as invisible as kuroko or ninjas.  Stay calm..  Enjoy the light and the sleeping weather.  We have a lot of great  ice cream flavors and Sam Cronin is making more to assure a steady supply if the weather continues., Big music sale for Evan Ziporyn and Christine Southworth music  http://t.co/ThTzwoLn8i  $5 CD's, Minnesota has -or had- a great symphony.  http://t.co/sb3xzhobW3, Ran into San from the Espresso Trike, usually found at Dewey Square across from South Station.  No one knows where Dewey Square is and those who do don't know who it is named after?  The unsuccessful Presidential candidate? the guy who started the university of Chicago Lab School for precocious Midwesterners?  The guy who invented the Dewey Decimal System or even Dewi Sukarno?   The wife of the Indonesian dictator.  People who paid attention during grade school will guess Admiral George Dewey, the victor at the Battle of Manilla. 

San doesn't worry about this.  He makes great coffee drinks and  parks his rolling espresso bar in my neighborhood.  He will be returning to Australia around December 1.  His return in the spring will be a sure sign that the Red Sox will be packing up that truck to visit all those retired state officials in Jupiter Florida.  Winter will end., I need a secret account.  We're making ice cream for a competitive lumberjacking event, Geeks,  and fall weddings catered by the famous George Papadaplalapa, Vaughn and Andrew Janjigian and Ernesto all  recommend Coast Cafe.  This is a critical landslide of praise., The Yankee magazine piece from the summer continues to resonate, bringing in readers from Weymouth Mass, Vermont and Harvard.  Thank you., Lumberjacked is our new flavor inspired by http://t.co/FtKH1SeVTC  NCAA rules do not apply., Flavors tonight! There is a gathering of @MountHolyoke alums here celebrating #mountainday! http://t.co/Te4jFI3F15, This sign is wrong.  Mei Mei location is not yet open.  But soon... http://t.co/5zbMoZ1Vz9, Machado and Silvetti designed One Western Avenue, near the Harvard Business School.  It was not warmly received.  Allegedly the former Harvard President hated the building too and planted tall trees to obscure the view.  I wasn't a fan but it has grown on me.  Tonight I was driving past at sunset and the sunlight was streaming the building's interval like a special effect in a Michael Bay movie, which was actually sort of cool., The Wedding of the Year:  Lily & Generoso @ Sun Studios, then blessed by the Rev. Al Green.  https://t.co/8PDlcO4JqN, Belly after one year, also Blue Room and Cambridge Bottle  http://t.co/NNolsH4Dw0  Lots of very good wine., Emily just made Concord Grape Sorbet with Cambridgeport grapes.  Available tomorrow but we don't have a ton of it.  Drinking leftovers., Emily is working on Lumberjacked.  For the Worlds in Germany., Summer is coming back this week but tonight it's cool just like these flavors. http://t.co/SBrmF7c1b9, Hawk wants to know where to get bbq & fried chicken to go.  The answer is Tupelo.  Tell 'em Jen and Rosie sent you., Boston University on subject of coffee.  http://t.co/J4ew317PeV  The entire university focused like MIT during WW2, I walked away form Central Sq. farmers market eating Red Russian Kale out of a plastic bag.  I felt like Jimmy Stewart's friend, Harvey., Youth wants to know.  Why aren't there any bbq places or fried chicken joints in 02139?  Robert Winters will know., Great music video for Saul Conrad by Catherine Please, It's the first weekend of fall! Don't worry, it's never too cold for ice cream. Here's our flavors tonight: http://t.co/fy1Gl8GSo8, Bow-Tie Bike Riders terrorize city even after eating ice cream.  Actually, no., Kevin Daner likes East Coast people who call the Midwest "Central America."  Boren agrees that Worcester is Ohio., Veggie Colleen stopped ordered a Garden Salad in Tenn. restaurant, which came with bacon.  "You'd never find bacon in a garden.", Stephen Meuse of Central Bottle was listening to music in Lafayette Square and talking about the London Review of Books, its Cake Shop and how British book reviews make you eager to read while The New York Review of Books prompts no such enthusiasm.  "There are some things the British do better than everyone else in the world.", A piano being played in Lafayette Square, part of the celebration of the Celebrity Series and music in general.  There is also a meatball festival and Mini Golf.  What a place., Did someone say Saturday? Fluff love continues in tonight's flavors. http://t.co/u8CgAGjrMS, I thought it was a great idea to blow up Boston Magazine's Best of Boston award.  But other people have had the same great idea.  Catherine Sherwood of Maine has her own Best of Boston Award and a Best of Maine Award from the late Maine Times.  She redid our window signs and will soon open an online store of more personal creations., Night crowds at Ted Drewes in St. Louis.  At night the mob can look curious as though hundreds of St. Louis residents were awaiting a saucer to take them away., More than 36 Hours in St. Louis.  http://t.co/GiudF4kBMp, London Review of Books Cake Shop also has a publication.  New issue contains a short poem about Zamboni and Zamboni's., We've already taken a break for the Pumpkin Festival and put out one we bought.  Then off to Fluff Fest.  Good work-life balance., Vaughn sends a video about bears observed when they think they're alone.  https://t.co/n1Hw5BWJE2  Our NSA at work., Charlie Brown says MIT Glass Pumpkin Sale today 10A>3P.  We make Pumpkin ice cream a little later in the season.  http://t.co/J79yQqUWhM, Union Square's Fluff Festival is today from 3P>7P.  Be patient with their overwhelmed website.  We have Fluff ice cream & Burned Fluff, TGIFlavors http://t.co/ZNelR2fCMZ, At Sam Fox Art School of Wash U, eating BBQ.  Pink lemonade Rice Krispie treat is Liao, Glass Pumpkin preview at 4P.  Charlie Brown tomorrow., Sump in South City St Looey sent us here, Blueprint Coffee in Delmar loop. Thank http://t.co/5XncgsJ0lV, You want flavors. We got flavors. Thursday pm. http://t.co/vhoADk9DrF, Recommended by Kate Fama, now in Berlin.  Lets all move to St Looey. http://t.co/EJ8PNBOtVK, Altogether perfect in South City St Louis at Sump Coffee http://t.co/L9SJAmPmzN, Keepin it chill with these cool flavors: http://t.co/7SALnXzswD, Check out these flavors for Tuesday night. http://t.co/blJWwSHpQy, Uh oh.  The WSJ reports that "Chocolate Prices Soar in a Dark Turn"  http://t.co/hSjGFV3TLj
headline writing is fun., Monday night flavors. Coconut with hot fudge sounds about right tonight, right? http://t.co/zAoR8howKT, The MBTA leaps into the 20th century with new technology for Green Line trains.  Sort of like 1967 London.  http://t.co/cnaF2wpbZn, Our own Pony Express is delivering cups to Cambridge 1, and pints to Whole Foods in Ahlington, Mefford, Bedford, JP and Fresh Pond, Get your bibbed overalls and come to Monday Central Sq. Farmers' Market.  Barn raising, tractor pulls, farm subsidies.  Starts at noon., Dunkin Donuts is closing at Mass. Ave. and Bow St. Masse Hardware is closing on Walden Street.  Colonial Drug is closing on Brattle Street.  Lyndale Bakery is closing its Prospect St. location.  Buckaroo Banzai closed on Brookline St. in Central Square but Q Audio will move there.  

Let's daydream.  Moksa should become an Afropop club.  Hi Fi Pizza should become a very local Hard Rock.  Cutty's should move from Brookline.  So should Clear Flour Bakery.  No more than two of those fashion forward retailers should move to Central Square. Maybe opening for six months and then closing to be replaced by another fashion forward retailer.  Six months is enough.  They'll close as the garments fall apart.  At different times we have had too many Szechuan restaurants, too many ice cream stores, too many photocopy joints, too many record stores, too many burrito places and too many frozen yogurt joints., Today is the second and final day of BU's  Tools of the Trade:  Experiential Studies for the Food Industry.  Food studies events are always the best.  After a morning panel that discussed Experiential Academics lead by archaeologist, Mary Beaudry , with Merry Corky White, Rachel Black, Christopher Cabalieri and Karen Metheny, all of BU and Heather Paxson of MIT, we walked down a surprsingly sunny Commonwealth Avenue to what will forever be the Peter Fuller Cadillac building where chef Jasper White of Summer Shack had prepared a lobster bake.  Until 315P there is a panel on Wine, Beer and Spirits.  For thirty minutes starting at 315P the former editor of Gastronomica, Darra Goldstein, will speak.  There is also a roundtable discussion with graduates until 5PM., Music for Food  http://t.co/WUkOzKfHb3  Mo NEConservatory a benefit for Food for Free.  $20 suggested donation, Here we go Saturday night. Ready to rumble. And scoop. These flavors. http://t.co/1SZMWq7xa9, We have a lot of Shakespeare today.  All outside.  In fact we may have a Shakespeare problem.  "Stratford on Avon, We have a problem."  Much Ado About Nothing in the park by Sidney Street, the one with the fountain that steams.  At 630PM.  Or you can take in the reliably fabulous view from the Boston University Bridge and attend BU's Shakespeare on the Beach.  Tonight its a Midsummer Night's Dream with free pizza for the first 500.  I hope this idea catches on.  It is substantially better than seeing Shakespearean plays set in Hapsburg Vienna, or creatively cast with short people playing the male roles and tall people playing the female roles, originally played by young male actors.  Free pizza is great as would be free submarine sandwiches.  

My father lives at the Cambridge Home next to Mt. Auburn Hospital.  Today I met Maurice Sussman, who was belligerently watching a truck from Sleepy's pull away.  "Sussman.  Sussman.  Are you related to Chef Paul Sussman of Daddyo's and Back Deck?"  "Paul is my son.  One of my three sons."  He talked in that way people used to talk about starting college when he was twelve after leaving George Washington High School in northern Manhattan.  Like everyone else I've met who attended GW he hates Henry Kissinger who also graduated from George Washington.  I heard about his grade school science project that focused on venereal diseases and got him introduced to the principal.  

The other night Paul's old partner at Daddyo's, Ellis Seidman talked about the time a squirrel came into the restaurant bar and refused to leave.  "Didn't drink much but did leave."  Ellis also talked about the time the CIA Director came with two fierce bodyguards, which was no less scary than facing some tenured faculty members.  The squirrel story was prompted by one from Volatage's Lucy Valena who talked about staring down a rabbit that hopped up to the cafe's floor to ceiling window and pushed his whiskered nose against the glass., BU's Shakespeare on the Beach includes free pizza for first 500.  A Midsummer Night's Pizza Dream.  8PM  BU Beach.  http://t.co/rFHWEhH0Rj, One cafe owner told me about a staredown she had with a rabbit on 3rd Street.  Another tavern owner had a squirrel come in.  Didn't drink, If there was a curtain in the park on Sidney St. it just went up on Much Ado matinee.  Next show at 630PM tonight., Read this while sipping a latte.  http://t.co/JMoIN59JJc, The Crimson has several articles on food in and near 02138  http://t.co/N2CezeyaAg, Oh No.  The Dunkin' where Matt Damon did something in Good Will Hunting is closing.  http://t.co/WQeKVw3jgU, Fiasco Theater's Shakespeare in Central Sq. Park on Sidney Street.  Much Ado 2P 630P Sa Se 21, Shakespeare on the BU Beach  http://t.co/AzkSDJn7Y5  FREE 8PM Sa Se 21, Today and tomorrow, Sa/Su Se 21/22 Tools of the Trade event at BU Culinary  http://t.co/yu8vF7nPrH  Free ice cream too., An animated history of the MBTA using its Cambridge 7designed map http://t.co/IAojZZelcK  from Sam Mehr.  Love this., Friday! Night! Lights! I mean flavors! Come on by. http://t.co/kr7fVieJT8, Allston Village is a new name or a new place  http://t.co/sMzJpt75zC  I'm not sure which.  The food is better than when I lived nearby.  Sun, Famous ice cream machine manufacturer Carl Taussig visited with his son., Its not too late to see most of the Fiasco Theater's open air production of Much Ado in the park on Sidney St. FREE, I don't know who won the Lafayette Mini Golf Open or where all those handsome Central Squared shirts went., Happy Birthday Naveen Mazen.  One of his campaign workers mentioned that a good gift would be a donation, or another donation., A typeface made with eggs, sort of.  http://t.co/o8MdThVZmQ, Cozy for Raspberries from Kimball Farms, or if you feel more transgressive its a condom for raspberries., Out at Columbia Point, former camp for Italian POW's during WW2, and home of JFK LIbrary and UMassBoston.  Mark di Suveros "Daffodils for Vincent.", Smart people read Science Friday on Thursday.  Carmen Nobel writes about the madcaps from the IgNobel Awards.  As the Brits once wrote, "we are mentioned in dispatches."  

Tedious people read the NYTimes Dining section on Tuesdays and tell you what the Sunday paper contains on Friday.  This is a form of time travel or time-shifting.  I think it is epitomized by fast readers who activate subtitles on movie videos which they fast forward, saving many valuable minutes for....  Facebook.

http://sciencefriday.com/blogs/09/19/2013/small-talk-with-scientists-the-ig-nobel-prize-winners-unwind.html, A group of international students studying conversational English came to visit, holding a copy of this summer's Yankee Magazine story on us, We're almost out of Tiramisu.  We make this flavor a lot because we sell it to Cambridge One.  We make it almost every week., Is this the sequel to District 9?  http://t.co/fUrV7iNxol, Brown Butter Bakery is our new bakery and we put out today's macaroons.  Yum.  Makes for a colorful sweet morning., Tomorrow, the Steve and Edie of drivers will be delivering ice cream to the Nut House  in Ptown.   That would be Aaron and Kat., The tweets about the 66 bus are hysterical.  I repeat Amy's idea for yelp reviews of government agencies., Velociraptors may clean up Central Sq.  A new approach., Lafayette Sq.Minigolf Open on Friday.  Bob Hope had a golf tournament.  Patrick has a very miniature 9 hole course.  In front of Toscanini's, Wednesday pm and these are what we've got right now. http://t.co/mJ29c96ouz, Dr. Kenneth Stevens of MIT http://t.co/qm1BTqoRCN  Rest in Peace, Maura Kilparick of Oleanna and Sofra likes Tupelo  http://t.co/95KLCSpnKZ  We do too., Working on Nectarine Peach Sorbet and Cilantro-Habanero-Lime., We delivered to Lynnfield Whole Foods and Cambridge 1.  On Friday we head down to PTown to deliver ice cream to The Nut House., Tools of the Trade http://t.co/yu8vF7nPrH  at BU Culinary.  This weekend., Flavors for a supercool Tuesday http://t.co/gotEWKW8CF, This Japanese man won an IgNobel Award for a study that proved that mice with heart transplants lived 20 days longer if they listened to Italian music than other mice who listened to German music.  He and his family and co-workers were feted at a rowdy party in Brookline., Big event for small movies at MIT.  Organized by Generoso, Today's  other English speaker at Restaurant Depot was Anil Mezini, owner of Jaho in Salem and Jaho on Washington Street in the South End.  Jaho was one of the first places to use Japanese methods and Japanese coffee equipment.  Anil has traveled in both Japan and Korea.  The South End Jaho may expand a third is possible for downtown Boston.  

I was very happy because of the sausage and wurst samples distributed at the entrance to Restaurant Depot.  What a day.

Last night there were more sophisticated sausages at Kirland Tap and Trotter, Tony Maws new place.  This is across the street from Mark Savenor's Acme Ice and near Savenor's Market. Years ago there was discussion of butcher Jack Savenor and architect Ben Thompson opening a steak house in this neighborhood.  Kirkland Tap and Trotter occupies the former site of the Kirkland Cafe.  Vaughn chose a great wine from Les Vins Contees Pineau D'Aunis and created a small sensation by shaking the bottle to reduce the carbonation.  The wine did taste better.  So does Coke or Pepsi when I shake those bottles and Vaughn agreed that all these beverages benefited from his exuberant knowledge and special ways., Mei Mei gets ready to open a bricks and mortar location in Audubon Circle near BU  http://t.co/cday4nGZe6, http://t.co/fSorSRbDPa  3 Whole Foods in Cambridge.  1 Day.  5% of profits donated to meal program., Brown Butter is our new bakery and today I'm trying the Bacon Cheddar brioches and the Chocolate Brioche.  Actually trying them again.  Yum., Yesterday we practiced making Syrian ice cream with Alex and his grandmother, and two Knight fellows.  Syrians love ice cream.  Even when all hell is breaking loose.

Ice cream business booms amid Syrian civil war
DAMASCUS, SYRIA (CNN) - With a civil war going on and heavy clashes in large parts of Syriaand in the outskirts of Damascus, you would think the last thing people have on their minds is ice cream. But the Bakdash ice cream shop is always packed. People of all ages go there, and not just for the sweet treats.

"Of course, when you come here you can just relax. It is a relaxing place where you can forget everything that's going on," said one customer.
"It is very nice, you can see so many people and they are all enjoying their ice cream. It's just relaxing and nice," said another customer.
Bakdash is a family-run business that was started in 1895. They still make the ice cream the same way today as they did back then - by stirring and beating milk and sugar and other ingredients in the ice-cold drums. It's a method the owners say they have exported around the world.
"The biggest ice cream makers in the world know that this type of ice cream was started here in Syria. And we sent people from Syria to teach them how to make ice cream a long time ago," said Hisham Hamdi Bakdash, the owner of the Bakdash ice cream shop.
But of course the civil war has made business more difficult for the Bakdash family. Their solution is expansion. Bakdash has opened shops in Jordan, Egypt and the United Arab Emirates. All the ice cream is made in Syria and then exported using refrigerated trucks that drive the products to Lebanon.
"So if you come to Damascus you have to have Bakdash ice cream and you always have to have it with the Pistachios on top. It is very good. Bakdash is a company that is actually doing quite well, they are expanding. But a lot of other Syrian companies, especially small and medium size businesses here in the old town, they are not doing well. Because of the ongoing crisis, people are spending less money; many stores have shortened their opening hours. Many people are having trouble surviving with their businesses," said CNN reporter Fred Pleitgen in Damascus.
Even with business going well at Bakdash, there is always the fear of what might happen if fighting reaches the old town of Damascus.
In a country that seems to get more engulfed in turmoil by the day, flexibility and bold business decisions seems to be a way to survive, even for a company that hasn't changed its ice cream recipe in almost 120 years.
Copyright 2013 CNN. All rights reserved., Ember Caden Ward has entered the building., Something for Urban Dictionary.  Young Japanese in NYC has what he calls "Starbucks name", prompted by need to get his coffee drink., "Mouthy" is a good description of tonight's MassMouth event at Passim.  7PM, Free classical music throw down  tonight at 8PM.  Benjamin Britten centennial at Jordan Hall or faculty concert at BU.  Painless music ed., We started new baked goods from Brown Butter Bakery and we sold out so come by tomorrow., We're also delivering pints to South End Formaggio., We're delivering pints to 2 Whole Foods in Cambridge and also Brighton., Flavors now plus room for one mystery flavor later on. Come see what it is! http://t.co/IRqWWrKEKo, While giving away ice cream at Melrose Whole Foods:  I asked a woman if she wanted a spoon.  "No.  Its for my dog in the car.", At new Whole Foods in Melrose giving away ice cream.  Come visit., Saturday night flavors. Supercake may make an appearance later. Stay tuned. http://t.co/ELpbddzUhG, More news on the IgNobels from the authoritative The Tech from the very authoritative Kath Xu.   http://t.co/JVvgB7hnUa, All the Ignobel news you need including news about the lectures now going on at MIT.    http://t.co/QgJBCdE9y3, TGIFudge. Friday night flavors. http://t.co/NEZhNU6Tkx, Brad Goldstein challenged us to make Malted Milk Ball and we have.  We expect a merit badge., Harvard students get LoJack protection for computers.  http://t.co/H2hTNGfFrF  Bikes should be next., SF's Inside Scoop on Meatpaper's decision to close.  http://t.co/Kn5iSS8IXX, Last night, and actually all of the day, was the latest episode of Cambridge's own Macy's Parade, The IgNobels.  Everything went well. It was an evening full of ideas that provoked first laughter and then thought.  As we were cleaning up the two rooms underneath Sanders Theater we decided to offer leftovers to Harvard students practicing in the room next door.  These were not just any Harvard students.  They were members of Veritas Mariachi, Cambridge's own Baja Marimba Band and they fulfilled all those self-congratulatory fantasies about the tallest, smartest, most diverse class in human history.  They made a glorious noise that fostered a madcap Klezmer energy.  Next year this band should perform the IgNobel opera.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mn8rVc9_cOI, Sad.  Sasha Wizansky's Meatpaper is closing.  Handsome, surprising and always interesting., National Georgraphic on adorable mice and "beer goggles"  Good moments at last night's IgNobel's  http://t.co/D1LOkPVUFk, Radio Boston last night's IgNobels.  http://t.co/vmUXMnpz09, Here's the Facebook flavor  http://t.co/4TPgy4GBZM  We have hopes for the day Android reaches "T.', Android has an Ice Cream Sandwich iteration.  Here's a Facebook flavor.  Will Kit Kat make an Android flavor for Japan?  We made Nerds, Tonight is Thursday and we have these flavors right now. http://t.co/iTkNHcQsDs, After last night's soft opening the Dumpling Room is still not open. http://t.co/jye945JlL3, Not open yet but soon. http://t.co/fbRBoRpFV4, Art Judy Motzkin & Richard Mandel were at  the friends & family soft opening of Dumpling Room: veggie, chicken & pork.  Today is for real., Flavors for a simmering late summer evening http://t.co/83VfbMeoKE, Just made a different version of Fresh Mint which we will have on Thursday and Friday., The criminal bar's greatest baseball fan delayed a trip because of the Yankees and has returned because of the Yankees., Nicole Rhode of Flour does a Pastry popup at Taza on Sa Se 14 1030AM>1P  http://t.co/cObu2YSoTB  Yum., Near Dudley in Boston., Central Square is getting another coffee shop.  Darwin's will open next to University Stationary., On my bike ride I neared South Station and realized I could get some caffeine from San at The Espresso Trike.  He was not wearing an Australian hat on this hot sunny day.  He was happy with his cold brew, which he attributed to Cambridge's own water.  Which he thought had brought out vivid chocolate notes.  

Cambridge has its own water system.  Cambridge water is usually too hard and hell on espresso machines.  I always remember the day that Judson would not sell me an espresso because the water was bad.  He was correct.

This weekend the Espresso Trike will be at the Pastry Popup being hosted by Taza Chocolate.  http://www.tazachocolate.com/Social/Pastry_Pop-ups, Instant noodles.  The story.  http://t.co/IR3KZsygJi, Bicycled out to Castle Island.  Much cooler. Las chance for many Bostonians to get florid., Just made some Syrian ice cream with the help of Alex and his grandmother.  And Cilantro and later some lime and a different Fresh Mint., I'm still looking for those cute aluminum Coke bottles. Market in the Square doesn't sell any Coke. Like John Belushi, "No Coke Just Pepsi.", This Sunday from 11A>5P is the Central Sq Dumpling event.  Which reminds me of this fabulous shirt  http://t.co/ErrIXa8DVy, Sofia Coppola's Bling Ring at the Brattle.  Popcorn, artisanal beer and film. http://t.co/wJqXHLVXWh, This is an election that matters.  Sam Mehr shows us where to vote for new MBTA maps.  http://t.co/Vl6SILaJw8, Flavors for fall! http://t.co/bSRkZ14dYG, I don't think I've ever heard of a better promotion than tonight's cold pizza giveaway at Area Four, starting at 10PM.  They could also do this for breakfast and a lot of people would be happy.  I would be very happy.  I remember reading an article that pizza is America's fifth most popular breakfast food.  I think they're talking about leftover pizza and the results are skewed by guys.  An Area Four leftover pizza breakfast would be way better than one of those lame South End pajama breakfasts where everyone talks about their favorite episode of Sex and the City., Free cold pizza at Area Four  http://t.co/yJF4Ata3w5  tonight after 10pm, A4 Pizza Bar in Somahville is closed on Sundays.  Oops.  Q Cola is no RC Cola.
Get the negativity out early., B Good opened a new place in Portland.  We sent a truck full of vanilla ice cream for shakes and they sent their truck with this Andre the Giant wantabe photo on the side., 7PM at Harvard Film Archive  Judgment at Nuremburg with Burt Lancaster, and Spencer Tracy  http://t.co/M50VI82W8D, We've got a scooper from Blue Hill, Maine who is ready to rush out of the store if anyone needs a steel drummer., Everyone got a good day for a festival:  West Indians here, Brazilians by the Publick Theater, Greeks on Central in Somahville., Cambridge's West Indian festival is advancing towards us, the amplifiers sound like herds of rhinos threatening our village., Flavors for a last-gasp-of-summer Saturday. http://t.co/1jWHFag3GH, Besha Rodell of LAWeekly with a differently informed take on tipping.  http://t.co/WuHa3d5fFf, Noir All Night at the Film Archive  http://t.co/w5PVbpxI2m  Generoso will be there., Right now: block party on Columbia, West African Dance at Dance Complex, tomorrow:  Carribbean Festival in Central Sq., TNR on The Humanities Crisis http://t.co/K9pdrGCDda  It matters., null, When we first opened the store the Coca Cola company was our most amazing vendor.  In those days you might compare it to The Phone Company, which no longer exists, replaced by cellphone towers and foreign voices in far off countries.  I would call Coke at 2AM as I was leaving the store and a friendly southern voice that might have been in Atlanta would say "Good morning, Toscanini's"  I knew they had identified me by my phone number as displayed on their screen.  And requests for service or product would be fufilled the next day.  Then things went awry and Coke would deliver too much product, including syrup in boxes that would go bad before it could possibly be used and eventually after many such frustrations we abandoned our corporate account.  We did continue to buy Coke from Restaurant Depot in Chelsea.  We bought Mexican Coke, made with sugar instead of corn syrup.  A grey market product that Coke was savvy enough to facilitate rather than obstruct.  

While visiting Il Laboratorio del Gelato in New York City I got a cute, small aluminum bottle of Coke.   I've seen the bottles in better bars but can't find it in liquor stores or groceries.  I called Coca Cola in Needham, Mass. and talked to a nice woman who pushed a button and I talked to a very nice man in Oklahoma City.  He had another nice man call from Florida, but no one could tell me how to get one or two cases.  We want to use the bottles at this week's IgNobel awards at Harvard.  Very smart people from all over the world will drink from the bottles including real Nobel prize winners and Japanese tv crews, but also including people who study homosexual necrophilia in ducks.  This is certainly a good cause and a great opportunity for Coke., Anyone in Cambridge know where to get those cute aluminum Coke bottles?  Don't call Coke unless you want to meet people in Oklahoma and FLA, The European Discovery of America, Volume 3

The only way to handle this is to be vague.  Municipal know-it-all  David Winner of Leonard Stephens Haircutters told me about a secret Portuguese seafood restaurant in Inman Square.  The restaurant, he said,  is hidden in the back of a men's club next to a hardware store.  That is not entirely accurate.  

Inman Square is incongruously loaded with wonderful places to eat despite the fact that there is no place to park, no subway, and during snowy weather no sidewalks to speak of.  Tupelo, East by Northeast, Purtian, All Star Pizza, East Coast Grill, Clover....  But we have read our Calvin Trillin and were determined.  We walked up and down Cambridge Street and on our first inspection didn't see anything amiss.  So we went into a liquor store doing a Russian level of business selling boxes of beer to young men.  The first person we asked was East Asian and surprisingly did not know what we were talking about.  Another one of the people on line suggested we cross the street and go through an unlabeled door.  Isn't this how porno movies begin?

You enter into a large bar with a very large tv dedicated to football/futbol/soccer.  We followed a pack of young people who did not look like they were from the neighborhood.  We all went through two doors into a big room and there was the restaurant, which is open to members and their guests.  The place has the air of a church hall.  Tables, chairs, napkins and serving ware are very simple.  Young children were playing near their parents or later in the evening sleeping in the arms of fathers.  Simply put the food was great.  We consulted with a young Brazilian about the menu.  He translated and gave us advice.  A happy, special place that contributes to Inman Square's unique status as an eater's paradise., Last night we spent time freezing small experiments including a delicious, crazy rich custard-based malt flavor, and a second version containing malted milk balls.  Years ago Brad Goldstein, the Baden Powell of Florida challenged us to make more American flavors, and cut out the pernicious foreign influences that were polluting our national ice cream purity.  We have continued to make the flavors he didn't enjoy but we promptly made Malted Milk Ball.  He was happy. 

We also made Peach granita and Peach Sorbet.  Soon we will down to apples and then the 60 days of Pears, which could be a sequel to 100 Days of Summer.  It would be better than that movie., it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood. #flavorsoftheday http://t.co/TJZqr2Y17A, There is a tweet that says we make sardine ice cream and a few other weird things.  Undoubtedly there is an ice cream store or a pastry chef that does do this.  And if the chef is talented enough and the context is just right it might work.  But we don't do this.

However unusual our flavors may seem I consider them all plausible.  We are not a transgressive ice cream store where the basic idea is to offend your expectations or dismay your uncle.  If we make something unusual its because we think people will like it.  They may not be familiar with Guinness ice cream, which is popular in Trinidad, but it is actually good.  The flavor may not replace chocolate chip as the fifth most popular flavor of Ohio grammar school kids but I think its legit.

The tweet includes a tiny url for SpotCoolStuff.com which includes a store in Venezuela that seems interesting.  And the tweet mentions macaroni ice cream which would very likely work for textural reasons.  Think of kugel or the Hungarian rakott metelt.

I found this after a discussion about using croutons in ice cream, which I also think would work.  And I've been reading about juice combinations that often include vegetables and fruits.  We already make cucumber sorbet, a flavor that didn't change taste but became more popular when we relabeled it "Spring Sorbet.", A Far Cry at Jordan Hall http://t.co/RV2zOb6XLX  tonight, Sa Se 7., Friday night flavors. Get em while they're cold. http://t.co/pQv7wo31cO, Rene Redzepi explains the coffee program at Noma.  http://t.co/nGrxuLMaCX Vaughn will explain what Rene has said and done., null, Celery Shabbat & sour cherry iced tea at Sofra http://t.co/NkvugB40Ue, We won't serve these at Th's IgNobels but we thought about.  Red Army pork patties from Bazaar. http://t.co/NgfBlSfYPX, Jed Gottlieb of the Herald on the 40th Anniversary of TT the Bear's.  Early bands recorded on wax cylinders and thick, heavy pieces of vinyl. 

T.T. the Bear’s Place owner­ Bonney Bouley and club booker Richard Bouchard capture four dec­ades in seven bills.
To commemorate the Central Square institution’s 40th anniversary, the pair packed a week with local legends and future stars. Anngelle Wood of WZLX’s “Boston Emissions” starts the party Sunday with a live broadcast from T.T.’s; reunions of Bouley favorites O Positive, Three Colors and more close the Sept. 14 finale.
“There are bands that couldn’t come, bands with members that are sick or on tour, but looking at the lineup, I’m really proud,” Bouley said. “I’m also sad because I know I can’t do this forever.”
“When I was 63, I told a friend I think it’d be sad if I was still running T.T.’s at 70,” she added with a chuckle. “Well, I’m 70 and I’m still doing it.”
The area’s hottest rock corner was a jumble of broken-down bars when Bouley started T.T.’s at the intersection of Pearl and Green streets in Cambridge. In 1984, she moved the bar to its current Brookline Street address and started booking bands. Quickly, it became the city’s top rock club — the stage helped the Pixies,­ Buffalo Tom, Letters­ to Cleo and the Mighty Mighty Bosstones get their starts.
In recent years, T.T.’s has competed with new venues bankrolled by Live­Nation and Bowery Boston. It has struggled, but this decade is turning out to be one of the club’s best.
“There were a few years lately that were very tough,” Bouley said. “There were some upsetting days, and local bands were not pleased with what we were doing, but that’s changed.”
Bouchard, who took over booking duties this year, and Wood, who brought the Rock ’n’ Roll Rumble to T.T.’s in 2011, helped transform the club into the most local-centric venue in the scene.
“Live music is a tough sell lately,” Bouchard said. “But I see this corner returning to what it once was. A place where you can show up any night and find something you want to see.”
Hopefully, Bouley will see an equally awesome 50th anniversary celebration.
“Ha, that’s an idea,” she said. “I guess we’ll see. You know there are other things I’d like to accomplish in my life.”
What? Reuniting Three Colors isn’t enough?
More On:
- See more at: http://bostonherald.com/entertainment/music/music_news/2013/09/at_40_tt_s_has_reasons_to_celebrate#sthash.F4JqAiGp.dpuf, The school year can begin.  Simeone the Tailor of Bishop Allen has returned to Cambridge, after his annual month in the Greek Isles.  I look forward to picking up clean shirts and repaired pants,  And seeing people like Ken Field of WMBR.  Ken is the smarter David Byrne, which is very much a compliment.  Radio listeners miss a lot by not seeing Field's  performance outfits., The Herald writes about 40th anniversary of TT the Bear's.  http://t.co/252kjfaW43, ladies and gents, welcome to fall! #flavorsoftheday http://t.co/fyDxQjuWvo, Leonard Stephan's David Winner conjures a new neighborhood KirWaBea;  KIrklandWAshingtnBEAcon, where Beacon, Kirkland & Washington meet., A surprising triumph for Helvetica at both the Lilypad and ClubBohemia.  Thank goodness for clarity., Today Junior at Lilypad Th Se 5 11P  http://t.co/eTIWI0oV0h  screw the polyrythms, Johnny Fury at Club Bohemia  http://t.co/alghdiAUxu  tonight, Th Se 5., Flavors for the first Wednesday of the school year. http://t.co/lFeyUsmSRr, Naming Names Part Deux 

I once had an argument with a famous businesswoman about whether a business on the southern side of Manhattan's Houston Street could be in NoHo (North of Houston Street).  NoHo and SoHo were the first neologisms for changing neighborhoods, followed by NoLiTa (north of Little Italy) and Dumbo (District Under Manhattan Bridge Overpass).  The idea of renaming Yorkville "SoHa" (South of Harlem) may have been a good one but it did not endure.  Some Bostonians with subscriptions to New York Magazine baptized part of the South End as "SoWa" (South of Washington).  And I never lived in Huron Village but my sisters did live on Huron Avenue before it became improved.  A friend wants to rename the area around Dwelltime Cafe on Broadway.  He suggests Longfellow Village because of the Longfellow School.  The Agassiz School vanished when the disagreeable views of Louis Agassiz were revealed but the name of the neighborhood containing the school continues to be Agassiz., I may have this wrong but I think David Winner of Leonard Stephan haircutters in Harvard Square wants to name a new, emerging neighborhood.  He has the ambitions of a Pope or Prince Henry the Navigator.  KirBeaWa is the intersection of Kirkland, Washington and Beacon, and the neighborhood surrounding that intersection, and most importantly the restaurants that loom in the public consciousness of said neighborhood.  First one has to deal with the Bostonian curiousity of streets that change their name for no apparent reason.  Kirkland Street is easy to remember.  Or was easy to remember:  it was where the Kirkland Cafe was.  My band played there before the bass player joined Blue Oyster Cult.  Kirkland crosses Beacon Street into Somahville and changes its name to Washington Street as it proceeds towards Union Square, Somerville (not to be confused with Union Square, Allston).  Beacons Street is  conventionally straight but forms an erratic border between Cambridge and Somerville. One side of the street is not one town and the other side is not the other place. 

Tony Maws is opening his new barbeque joint where the Kirkland Cafe was, across from Acme Ice if he needs anything.  Tony's place is close to Dali, on one corner facing The Wine and Cheese Cask on the second corner and The Biscuit on the third corner.  The fourth corner is occupied by the Kebab Factory and next to Bergamot., Three young cheerleaders from Andover get more than they bargained for during a tour of our freezers., I love to drink Vietnamese Coffee, the strong and sweet coffee you get at all Vietnamese restaurants.  We have sold it for years.  

Marco Werman had a good story about this guy on his public radio show The World.  This is a long way to go for a good sweet cup of coffee.

There are complicated stories about coffee grown in Vietnam.  Allegedly someone at the World Bank came up with a rural development idea for Vietnam that involved growing coffee.  Vietnam's topography is a little short for a classic coffee growing environment, where you usually want heights above 4000 feet.  But, allegedly the Vietnamese government was enthused about the prospect of disrupting the areas inhabited by non-Vietnamese mountain people.  Mountain people never seem cooperative enough for their governments.  Eventually Vietnam started producing huge quantities of not very good coffee, enough to quickly become the world's second largest producer after Brazil, and enough to overwhelm the market with cheap industrial-grade coffee.  The effects were unpleasant for many of the world's coffee growersand coffee-growing regions.  

I have heard stories that Vietnam has been trying to reduce the amount of land devoted to coffee production, and instead encouraging people to grow pecans.

But here's a funny story about one man with a vision.

September 3, 2013
The Mysterious Buyer of Buford, Pop. 1
by Andy Isaacson
http://www.newyorker.com/online/blogs/currency/2013/09/the-mysterious-sale-of-buford-pop-1.html?printable=true&currentPage=all

Last year, an unusual Wyoming real-estate deal made international headlines: the tiny town of Buford, population one, had been purchased by an anonymous Vietnamese businessman. What did the buyer want with an exit off the interstate containing little more than a trading post and a pair of gas pumps? It was unclear; the businessman flew back to Vietnam without saying, and, until Tuesday, there had been little news from Buford.
The town, twenty-five miles west of Cheyenne, was founded in 1866 as a military fort. Its population once numbered two thousand, but in recent years has dwindled to just a single resident, Don Sammons—“a man with his own zip code,” he boasted on his Web site. Sammons positioned Buford as “the nation’s smallest town,” a claim advertised on three consecutive highway billboards. Yellowstone-bound tourists would pose for snapshots in front of the “POP. 1” marker, or purchase Buford mugs, key chains, and stick pins. “People had dogs named Buford, or an uncle named Buford—it always amazed me the connection people had to that name,” Sammons told me last week.
Sammons, a bearish sixty-three-year-old, moved to Buford from California in 1980 with his wife and son, and bought the ten-acre town twelve years later from the former owner’s widow, for a hundred and fifty-five thousand dollars. He relished the business challenge that came with inventing fresh ways to promote Buford, with its gas station, convenience store, modular home, restored nineteenth-century schoolhouse, garage, and tool shed. But after his wife died, in 2007, Sammons started looking for a way out. The sense of adventure had waned. “It was becoming a job,” he said. His grown son, who’d left for Colorado and who Sammons said is “more of an artist,” had no interest in carrying on the family business. So in April, 2012, Sammons put the entirety of Buford up for auction. “I brought Buford into the twenty-first century,” he told me. “I took it as far as I could.”
The sale was brokered by Williams & Williams, an Oklahoma auction house. Bidder No. 949 flew over from Saigon, and after an auction that lasted eleven minutes he walked away with Buford, for nine hundred thousand dollars. The deal included a post-office box, a liquor license, a plow, three vehicles, and a Union Wireless cellular tower. (Technically, it didn’t include an actual town, since Buford is not incorporated and therefore not considered an official municipality under Wyoming state statute, George Parks, the executive director of the Wyoming Association of Municipalities, told me.)
The unidentified Vietnamese buyer explained in a statement that he was a founder of a company that distributes home- and personal-care brands in Vietnam. “Owning this property can help us facilitate our distribution in the US, meaning we can bring to the US made-in-Vietnam products,” he wrote, adding, “It is an American dream!” Other than that, he said little about his plans.
The new owner was eventually revealed to be Nguyen Dinh Pham, thirty-eight. He told me last week that he didn’t actually have a plan for Buford when he bought it. “This town is very unique and famous,” he said. “I believed I could do something with it.” When he returned to Vietnam after the purchase, the town withered for a year. Sammons, who moved to Colorado after the sale, grew remorseful. “My assumption was that the buyer wanted what I did back in 1980—to be able to have a great lifestyle and slower pace of living,” he recalled. “But then I felt like all the work I put into the store for the last twenty years was in vain. It was very disheartening for me.”
He didn’t know that Nguyen was quietly laying plans to make Buford the face of a new Vietnamese coffee company. Last year, Vietnam surpassed Brazil to become the world’s largest coffee exporter, but there are few Vietnamese retail coffee brands, and none are sold in the United States. “We feel that’s unfair,” said Nguyen.
On Tuesday, he was back in Buford to inaugurate the town as the U.S. headquarters for the newly formed PhinDeli Corporation. (“Phin” is the metal filter used to brew Vietnamese coffee; “Deli” is short for “delicious.”) Nguyen will serve as the company’s chairman. PhinDeli’s C.E.O., Tuan Do, is a Vietnamese marketing executive.
Now, as drivers approach Exit 335 on I-80, they see billboards announcing the town’s rebranded name: PhinDeli Town Buford. (Officially, the town will remain Buford.) In one of the signs, a photo of Sammons has been replaced with an image of Nguyen, with his arms folded, wearing sunglasses. The other billboards show Nguyen and Sammons shaking hands and holding up a T-shirt, consummating the town’s handover.
Other than that, little has changed so far in Buford. Nguyen’s marketing plan is predicated on the town’s enduring charm. Tourists can still pose in front of the population marker, which will remain at one; after the town’s relaunch, Nguyen planned to return to Saigon, where he lives with his wife and two children, but a caretaker will occupy Sammons’s old house. Two employees will work at the store and gas pumps. The convenience store, in addition to selling PhinDeli Town Buford trinkets, will now sell bags of PhinDeli coffee. Visitors can try samples while seated at a new coffee counter; on the wall behind it, a ten-foot painted mural illustrates PhinDeli’s manufacturing process in Vietnam.
The company is releasing four coffee blends, which, starting Tuesday, will be sold through Amazon.com—and eventually, Nguyen hopes, in supermarkets. Visitors to PhinDeli’s Web site will find a “Vietnamese Coffee Statement” drafted in the form of a Declaration of Independence:
All men are created equal, that they are endowed by the creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, the pursuit of Happiness and enjoyment of Coffee. We are the PhinDeli Corporation with a mission to bring the best of Vietnamese coffee style for all the consumers worldwide with its unique taste and 100% safety. We officially announce the Vietnamese Coffee Statement right in the U.S land Buford, owned by Vietnamese. We also officially announce the new naming of PhinDeli Town Buford with its 147 years of history.
PhinDeli: The Can-do Coffee
If you want to bring Vietnamese coffee to the U.S., Nguyen feels, what better place to start than a rural town in the American heartland? “Bill Gates started Microsoft in his garage, and now everyone uses Microsoft Office,” he said. “It’s not where you start but how you go.”
Sammons, meanwhile, hasn’t left Buford entirely: he has been named the town’s co-mayor and is advising PhinDeli on operating the convenience store and fuel pumps. “It’s a different direction than I would ever have taken it,” Sammons told me, of the town’s reinvention. “As a parent you do as much as you can do with a child, then you turn it loose to make their own choices and decisions. Buford now will be carrying on. It’s going to get bigger, and have a life of its own that I find thrilling.”

Andy Isaacson is a writer and photographer living in New York. Follow him on Twitter at @worldwebeyes.


























undefined

 


Read more: http://www.newyorker.com/online/blogs/currency/2013/09/the-mysterious-sale-of-buford-pop-1.html?printable=true&currentPage=all#ixzz2dwSaaIUC, There are lots of good ice cream stores and Cool Hunting has an article about McConnell's in Santa Barbara, CA.  Years ago I went there and they continue to prosper, becoming more artisanal and locavore.

http://www.coolhunting.com/food-drink/mcconnells-ice-cream-santa-barbara.php, The first time I almost laughed.  A regular customer came to the store to say that her father had died and the only thing he ate and enjoyed towards the end was ice cream.  And his wife "lived on sorbet."  Fortunately I paid attention to the little "Don't laugh" voice that I sometimes ignore.    And in a moment I realized someone was telling me something serious, and something meaningful to everyone including all of us here at Toscanini's.  Its only ice cream but sometimes it is more important than anyone would expect.  

Customers come directly form the airport.  They come after graduating or hooding ceremonies.  They come when they successfully defend academic work.  Customers come from hospitals for many reasons and happily they often come to celebrate births.  Today a customer came in to bring a frappe to a friend at Mass. General who had received a heart transplant., One of our State of Maine customers bought a frappe for a heart transplant patient.  It was his first request for out of hospital food., Vaughn sends this Chemical Bros. train video.  London to Brighton over 60 years  http://t.co/5r0gF4TJ8q, Life Alive is closed for plumbing.  http://t.co/0f8oGJrPw1  Dumpling Room opens tomorrow we hope., Upcoming BU special event on food, business and more.  http://t.co/uP43acPZN5  We'll be helping feed the few who can't make ice cream., Once I was the pizza columnist for a weekly.  Really.  H2's Just Crust has good pizza and nice people.  A second is coming to Brookline., I love magazine design.  "Ed" is the well-designed magazine for Harvard's Ed School.  Got 3 issues at Gutman Library., BU gastronomy program alerts us to dangers of KFC fried soups.  Only in Japan but like video games it may spread.  http://t.co/iY2PUTbL6Y, New Android OS is Kit Kat.  Giffords of Maine has Bean Brown Boot flavor.  I have to think., Thursday's Junot Diaz reads at Brattle is sold out but maybe….   http://t.co/Ms4eYH5nNE, This could be the plot to a sequel to Comfort and Joy,  the Scottish movie about an ice cream "war."  http://t.co/7CjaBm9g3u, Did you know that edible geography existed?  http://t.co/aJm7yD14tN  Read about zeppelins and sausages., We're having a fiesta with our Mexican Chocolate tonight! http://t.co/XSyEOHpS9v, Now that summer is over has everyone decided to stop painting their toenails?  Is this a trend?, Got a mix of peaches and raspberries from Kimball Farms at Central Sq. Farmers Market.  Good any way.  More Raspberry Rose sorbet., September brings back people outside Simon's & Hi Rise, and the intersection by GSD is once again full., We're past Allston Christmas,  when sidewalks hold unwanted furniture.  Its like settlers abandoning things before crossing a river., Hey nerds! Come get some free nerd candies on one of these flavors: http://t.co/5z8q9G0t2W, Those motorcades with the heavily protected school bus are for some Vietnamese, or another princeling from a nominally Communist country., How did the Brattle know?  Singin' in the Rain today.  http://t.co/xET5kjCKvN, Our agents are everywhere. Sam likes Comet Coffee and Mighty Good Coffee in Ann Arbor while in London Vaughn enthuses about Workshop Coffee., Ideas for naming Chelea's regional FBI HQ:  Whitey House, John Zip Connolly Building?  300 more guns in Chelsea., Working on Lemon Speculoos courtesy of David Lebovitz.  Its a very small version., Speculation on the armed school bus motorcade includes the Japanese princess and someone from Singapore., Last night we made two Chocolate Sorbets.  One was just Cocoa. The other was Cocoa & Chocolate.   Also Nutella/Nocciola per Gli Italiani, Saturday! Guess what flavor is gonna fill that hole on the board. http://t.co/raQlUnxx8L, Anyone know what's with the convoys of armed guys racing around Cambridge with CPD motorcycles?  You can see the weapons!, It's Friday and the weekend is long. Come stock up on supercake before it's too late. http://t.co/sj0iWvLJOd, Nothing will settle any of the arguments about dumplings but this story will enrich the discussion.  http://t.co/hoCQwwZ6wE, Free Nerd candies on any cup for this back to school weekend.  I don't think they'll stay on cones., http://t.co/8LEeRydbGl has an Ice Cream Heatmap and we didn't make it.   Nor did Ted Drewes, Amy's,  Salt & Straw, Ranc's, Big Gay Truck?, Salvation Army Bridging the Gap Food Festival today -Friday. Noon>2P.Sidney St. in Central Sq. Food from Cinderella's, Middle East, Redbones, Thursday pm flavors! http://t.co/v6GpKR1lZK, Pete at Dwelltime pulled a super espresso shot of Finca El Quizarra Reserve.  Then I pulled some great macarons., I'm freezing this test batch of Raspberry Rose Sorbet.  Following David Lebovitz's instructions Dana An and I put this together.  We're making it for a party of philosophers., Gus the Central Park polar bear died and I have received many notes of false consolation.  I already have the childrens' book about Gus, thank you.

Michael Globetti, the Thomas Pynchon of Southern writing sent me
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/08/29/nyregion/gus-new-yorks-most-famous-polar-bear-dies-at-27.html?ref=todayspaper&_r=0

I found Gus and his glass swimming tank without any prompting guidebooks or advice from friends.   I was walking through Central Park one nice day and came upon a gigantic William Bendix of a bear.  Gus would glide across the water with his fur rippling.  He would press two giant pizza-sized paws against the thick glass and push off, returning to the other side of the tank, beautifully rippling that white fur.  Altogether amazing and mesmerizing.  He didn't yet seem to be depressed.  I would have been happy to spend hours doing the same thing.  I might have become depressed to spend a lifetime swimming back and forth near so many Sabrett vendors, Manhattan runners and international nannies., flavors for the morning! http://t.co/PDs8LfHYSi, Good times with raspberries from Kimball Farms.  Bought a big flat on Monday in Central and more today:  Granita, sorbet, ice cream, sauces., First I find out that Leland Cheung was a skateboarder in Orlando FL and then I find out that David Day is from Wichita KS  Good Grief., Informed sources say that Q Audio will be taking over the Buckaroo Banzai location next to Hi Fi Pizza.  That's appropriate. Q Pizza?, I think it was Noreen Vincent or Sherry Knable who gave me the first two albums by The Swimming Pool Q's.  I forget which of those friends gave me the vinyl albums but I recall that it was done off-handedly and almost accusingly, "Here, someone like you would like this music."

And I did.  I loved the Swimming Pool Q's and I was the only person who did.  I played them in the car and at the store and I played them for friends who thought I was tiresome.  I was one of those people who thought that if they played an album loudly enough and long enough they could make it a success.  Which never happened.  It didn't even happen with M People.

The Swimming Pool Q's recorded for A&M when that label was still turning out memorable album designs and I probably treasured the oversized graphics of the LP's almost as much as the music.  

I never found a CD reissue although I was always hoping to discover the 2 albums in a special boxed set.  There have been other orphan albums.  For many years it was impossible to find The Name of This Band is Talking Heads.  And while I once found Henry Gross' first two albums joined in a small label reissue, that music has once again disappeared.  New Order spinoff Monaco has an album which I've never seen in America.  Some people say it is the best New Order album never released by New Order.  I won't know until I get back to London.

So, on Monday I walked into Newbury Comics, on Newbury Street, and found "The Swiming Pool Q's The A&M Years."  Hooray for record stores or music stores or stores that still sell a little music.  I particularly like the music from what was originally Blue Tomorrow.  I think the music does everything Geoffery Himes describes in his liner notes.  Go buy it., Gus the Central Park Polar Bear has died at 27.  Watching him swim in his huge tank  was amazing.  http://t.co/5bqpnToVrP, Stopped by Acme Ice/Savenor's on my way to work.  Things there are always busy and often mysteriously misty., Our own Iowans., We are in the midst of a baby boomlet here in 02139., We just served many members of the MIT swim team.  They were taller and healthier looking than people from various nuclear programs, even taller than the Knight Fellows who often meet SAS standards of fitness., Stopped by the Starbucks at the end of Newbury.  When first built it was nearly Japanese in its gracefulness although the scale was very American.  I think it gets renovated every three years.  It is always a good place to stop in a neighborhood that needs resting points.  

But I am always mystified when visiting any Starbucks by the oversize straws.  Starbucks cafes always have two sizes of drinking straws and one of them must have been inspired by Daniel Day Lewis' endless riffs in the movie There Must Be Blood,  on what Texans call "lateral drilling."   I have never seen any customers use these long straws.  Their lengths seems dictated by the fortune cookie-like messsage "Not Recommended For Use in Hot Beverages."  Maybe this a spot for Christian messages or Bazooka bubblegum jokes.  Maybe these straws were inspired by an East Asian food culture with different sizes of chopsticks for men and women.  I don't know., R http://t.co/KRNFlCFriJ, Ken Field says that Kickstarting for Honk! 2013 is underway  http://t.co/E02ktOYl1W  best event in the city., Of course that was a Desalination Conference and not a DeStalination Conference.  Liberal Arts are in eclipse., So farther best incoming t shirt was "BYU Math" I saw by Brattle Theater.  Geographical diversity.  Also bag from Desalination Conference., This sounds like a hack.  Remember the cow from Hilltop, now found in the Stata Center. http://t.co/fdyWFw0dNz  Someone stole a chopstick, Feeling spicy? We've got #saffron and #ginger tonight. http://t.co/mjEjbFMGdn, Everyone's going bananas for Bananas Foster. #icecreampuns http://t.co/TQYbbp2zHl, I like this story by The Globe’s Kevin Hartnett about coffee shops. Years ago I noticed that people who regularly visit outposts of very large multiple-unit chains have different experiences than those who come once.    If you drive cross country the similarities between chain store outlets are obvious but if you frequently visit the store you discover the differences and  recognize the individuals wearing the uniforms.  The hamburger chain may be “Frank’s place” rather than Burger King.  None of the customers think they are eating in Unit #5608.

The first Starbucks to open in Central Square was controversial but they assigned a wonderful manager and she did the corporation many favors with her instinctive generosity, patience and kindness.  Once I was in line behind a possibly crazy street person with a coupon for a half pound of coffee.   The manager got him the coffee and ground it without any show of exasperation or annoyance.  On another occasion I was in the Starbucks one early morning when another street person ordered a cup of coffee and begun searching her pockets for money that I was sure she didn’t have.  A barista said, “That’s okay Mary.  Milk and cream are on the counter.”  This contrasted with the often hostile behavior I had witnessed at independent cafes, that was directed at almost any customer who had not skateboarded in.  

THE KNOCK on chain stores is that they hurt community. Starbucks comes in, drives your local café out of business, and a chummy group of neighbors turns into a bunch of anonymous latte drones.
But is it true? Anthropologists from the University of West Virginia recently published an article based on observations at six Boston-area coffee shops—three independently owned (Pavement Coffee House in Copley Square, 1369 Coffee House in Central Square, and Diesel Café in Davis Square) and three Starbucks locations. Their intention was to determine how effectively Starbucks outposts provide the community-based environment associated with a traditional coffee shop—as the song goes, a place where “everybody knows your name.”
The anthropologists focused their observations on five categories derived by sociologist Ray Oldenburg: how social and welcoming a place is; the arrangement of seating; the activities taking place; amenities (Wi-Fi, power outlets); and the overall atmosphere, as measured by music volume, volume of chatter, wall color, lighting, and decor.
The biggest surprise was that Starbucks actually provided a more welcoming environment than any of the three local coffee houses. They credited the Central Square Starbucks with having the most vibrant sense of community; baristas there knew many patrons by name and could anticipate their orders. The anthropologists also noted that Starbucks baristas were friendlier to new customers: “The Starbucks baristas would help customers by explaining the many options available and even offering suggestions. In contrast, the baristas at the independently owned coffee houses were more aloof.” Starbucks also offered free Wi-Fi, while the locally owned shops charged for access or set a cap on use.
￼
The observations point to an important difference between corporate chains and some varieties of locally owned stores. Chains make money by being maximally welcoming, even if such openness verges on blandness, while a distinctively parochial (or even slightly unfriendly) edge helps independent shops create identities.

http://www.bostonglobe.com/ideas/2013/08/24/which-friendlier-starbucks-indie-cafes/UXFyf0C2iYLDbMeZLbfXcP/story.html
Kevin Hartnett can be reached at kshartnett18@gmail.com., Tomorrow night is Bill Forsythe's Local Hero at the Brattle.  One of my Ten Best, along with Drunken Master2 and Wings of Desire., Tomorrow night The Brattle is showing one of my all-time favorite films, Bill Forsythe's Local Hero.  It is featured as part of the ongoing 100th birthday of Burt Lancaster but the movie is altogether wonderful, with an early appearance by Peter Capaldi and a soundtrack by Mark Knopfler of Dire Straits.  Dead rabbits, African missionaries, a way overeducated twit, and locals determined to sell off their heritage for a German automobile., If you're driving down Mass. Avenue from Boston, heading towards Central Sq, there is a moment when the signs on this brick behemoth read 
"Metropolitan Rage Warehouse.  
Ire Proof.", Last night as darkness came to Sacramento Street I almost bumped into a very casual Amanda Palmer.  First I thought she was one of the babes from Broadway Bicycle.  "You're so casual tonight.  I didn't recognize you."  "I'm packing!" she said, "I'm packing to leave."  "Packing?" I foolishly said, "I'm packing suitcases. Its not like I'm packing heat or packing a penis tonight."  God, and I'd just gotten through eating a number of hot dogs.

Years ago, one Saturday night a regular customer, who of course was in gender studies at Harvard, sidled up to the counter with an expression that was more pleased with herself than usual, "I'm practicing feeling like a man.  I have  a condom full of hair gel in my pants."  

The things people say to their ice cream man.  All I could reply was "I have never felt like a condom full of hair gel."  

It can be challenging to live in Cambridge., Here's a book about Nokia's new Pure typography.  http://t.co/4UmfyOF5wN, People in Boston sure talk about their ice cream, and read about it.  Check out Zac Bisonette's piece on Friendly's.  http://t.co/rTK00XPKWy, It's Saturday. These are our flavors right now. http://t.co/U4GtIN8EAI, Kosher certification seals for 50 states and an interesting discussion from a Turkish blog  http://t.co/rYNETz48Fj, Friday nite flavors! Start your weekend off sweet. http://t.co/eK0s4cs27R, Jennifer's simple, sculptural Lego ice cream cake., The best ice cream cake ever sent to a Maine 6year old.  A Lego by Jennifer http://t.co/NyM0llFHy4, 5P>7P wine tasting at Central Bottle.  Wines from Marche and Abbruzze.   Skip the traffic jam, which is scary., "Cry Murder! in a Small Voice" is Greer Gilman's new book.  She was in with a friend and a copy of the book., Sam Treadway and Back Bar are cool and friendly and delicious.  http://t.co/kM71M6Mdgw, A great John Frankenheimer movie that I saw years ago at the Carlton Theater in Red Bank NJ  http://t.co/hGhegIBHo2, As part of Cambridge's ongoing real estate boom the very good Japanese grocery Miso is closing on Mass. Ave. in Porter Sq.  BIG sale, Yesterday's bike ride took me to Bartlett Sq. Cafe at 154 Green St.  A handsome place to stop on The Southwest Corridor bike path, near Ula.  Giving that stretch of town two good places to visit when you need a break and don't want to be booked at the nearby police station.  Bartlett Square Cafe serves Barismo from Arlington which we sell., Near Ft. Washington Park, New Ashdown, and the wonderful tiny blue fire escape that dangles off Sidney & Pacific., A few weeks after Olive's finally closed one of the key chefs visited Toscanini's, but I didn't ask about her feelings for a restaurant she had left years ago.  Asking about closed restaurants seems to be like inquiring about the details of a maritime disaster.  

The Olive's that closed in City Square was not the original Olive's because Olive's started out small, and the original location remains on Main Street, now a Figs pizzeria.  I remember the fabulous opening of the restaurant's second incarnation.  A day or two before the scheduled opening I delivered ice cream to the kitchen and it didn't look like anything was going to be ready for cooking or eating.   Which is typical of restaurant starts.  But on the scheduled opening day I found myself sitting outside, talking to a seafood purveyor and watching too many Bostonians line up and squeeze into the renovated building.  Olive's was always a restaurant for Bostonians who thought they were mean enough to live in New York.  At one point I had gotten inside and watched Todd and Olivia dance to Pink Cadillac while all those tough enough Bostonians cheered.  

Harvard Square's Tamarind Bay also closed.  Tamarind Bay was on Winthrop Street across from Pinocchio's.  We sold them Mango and Khulfee and once made ice cream for the President of India when he visited Harvard.  Tamarind Bay's sister restaurant, Tamarind Bay Coastal on Beacon St. in Brookine also closed.  It has been replaced by a new restaurant run by the chef and owners of Strip T's in Watertown.  The new place is called Ribelle.

Before Tamarind Bay opened in its basement on Winthrop St. the location was occupied by a Mexican restaurant.  One evening I wandered in and cheerfully said "Hola" to a member of the staff who seated me next to the kitchen and seemed anxious to relocate the bathroom near my table.  I have since refrained from attempting anything in Spanish when visiting restaurants., What is Supercake?  It is a very mainstream ice cream flavor beloved by young suburban kids and many of our customers.  It is not a flavor we discovered while traveling unless you think that a trip to Boulder, Colorado can be spun into a Bruce Chatwin trip to Catalonia or Patagonia or Wigan Pier.  At first glance, and second glance and third glance the flavor lacks... "politics."  

Supercake is usually made with Cake Batter ice cream, an artificial or alternative vanilla used in American cake mixes and Marble Slab stores.  Supercake often has pieces of actual cake in it and brightly colored "jimmies", "shots" o or "sprinkles."  Our staff has meetings about how many colors of these candies to use and Jennifer has won with her forceful argument for three different brightly-colored "jimmies."  Jennifer also provides the flavor with pieces of ganache-frosted cake which are left over from her ice cream cake construction hobby.  And finally we add some chocolate fudge.  It is not subtle but it sure is good.  Cake a la mode on a cone., Today we delivered ice cream for a start of the school year party.  The event was at Building 24 or was it E24?  The system for numbering buildings is not perfectly executed.  Was the map at MIT.edu wrong or was my delivery invoice wrong?  I had started this delivery with great confidence but after finding Building 23 and Building 25 and no Building 24 I was growing worried.  That was when I saw Man About The Infinite Corridor Joost Bonsen who took me in hand and found one of several Nuclear programs at MIT. And with the help of two kind people we delivered the cups, pulled the graphite rods out of the freezer and left the ice cream.  "Good enough for government work"  as I've heard some say., People talk about coffee as much as they drink it.  http://t.co/paSDzdyQjd, Tonight brass bands will be prowling Central Sq.They will visit us & we will give them ice cream.  National Parks have rules against this., One of the many scenic views from the dock of the MIT Sailing Pavillion.  Otis Redding would be inspired., Aaron is delivering a lot of ice cream to The Nut House in Ptown.  !00,000 people will be there for Carnival.  We hope Aaron returns to Central Square.

While he's away Gus gets to drive and Arron misses out on a trip to Building 24 at MIT, where an ice cream sundae party will be happening.  

"Why do all the buildings at MIT have numbers instead of names?"
"They're named after alumni."

I'm looking forward to Building 24 because it has great tenants including
Center for Nanofluids Technology
Advanced Nuclear Energy Systems (CANES), Center for
Nuclear Science and Engineering, Dept. of
Experimental Study Group (ESG)

Truthfully MIT is an altogether interesting place and this could be fun.  We think the ice cream sundae party will also be fun., There may be 100,000 people in Ptown for Carnival.  Aaron is #100,001, delivering ice cream to the Nut House., A coffee nerd's tour of SF.  http://t.co/A1wqZXYob7, Summer doe not end until Simeone of Simeon'es Tailoring  in Central Sq. returns from Greece.  Then the semester may start., I thought Elizabeth Warren would end this sort of thing.  http://t.co/ccTJckayTx, Saw new BC students in Watertown Sq, Loeb fellows, Knight fellows, Radcliffe sister fellows..., No popcorn at MFA.  Tonight is 2046.  Tomorrow is martial arts madness, The Grandmaster., Tony from Cinderella's thinks Smart car is too small for his big good pizza., Wednesday nite flavors. http://t.co/QbiYC7q6yj, Sightglass Coffee's guide to different brewing methods.  For home use.  https://t.co/KSuZm9oA7u, Bad Cronut News from Canada  http://t.co/Qid9qp9P54, The current leader in the the race for NYC mayor is a Red Sox fan from Cambridge.  Mayor Bloomberg was born in St. E's and lived in Medford., Here's what we got, plenty to go round! http://t.co/k1RIHTaKA9, Not about 15 year old on Cory Booker's startup or Chelsea Clinton's big paydays.  Andrew Sorkin on rich kids  http://t.co/GiErDSEx8F, Ran into Taranto chef Jose Duarte at Restaurant Depot.  We talked about Lucuma Stracciatella and a BU anthro student who is in Peru., WTF.  Penelope Cruz is renouncing her Canadian citizenship.  I thought she was Spanish or Brazilian.  Oh.  Never mind., Near Little Richard Simmons Hall, Mass. Ave., Q Audio, that Germanic bike path and MIT's athletic fields., A nutritional analysis of FroYo versus ice cream.  One tastes like baby throw up., Fung Wah comeback.  http://t.co/MSAGmZL3mO  More stories.  More fun., Birthers again.  http://t.co/AeqA4leJO9  This has come up before including John McCain and Barry Goldwater., John Powers on Harry Parker, crew coach.  http://t.co/CKZgdoWnNz, Its a Burt Lancaster party.  Sidney Pollack's The Scalphunters is at Brattle & Kiss The Blood Off My Hands at HFA  http://t.co/vSLbGRDId5, Minneapolis adopts something like Cambridge's inscrutable voting system.  Enroll at Kaplan before election day., Here’s a nice wedding announcement which we suspect begins here at Toscanini’s.

Julie Norville, Samuel Freilich
Passing the Laboratory Test

Frank Boucher
By MARGAUX LASKEY
Published: August 11, 2013
Julie Erin Norville and Samuel David Freilich are to be married Sunday at the M.I.T. Chapel in Cambridge, Mass. Rabbi Sam Seicol will officiate.
Dr. Norville, 33, is keeping her name. She is a postdoctoral researcher in genetic engineering at Harvard. She graduated from the California Institute of Technology and received master’s and doctoral degrees in electrical engineering and computer science from M.I.T. She is a daughter of Heather Jackson Norville and H. Scott Norville of Lubbock, Tex.
Mr. Freilich, 27, is a software programmer at Google, working on the airfare search function. He graduated from the Franklin W. Olin College of Engineering in Needham, Mass. He is a son of Louise Krakow Freilich and Joel B. Freilich of Shaker Heights, Ohio.
The couple met in April 2011 at an ice cream shop in Cambridge. Dr. Norville was alone, consoling herself after a bad date, and Mr. Freilich was there with his medieval folk dancing group.
He noticed Dr. Norville’s M.I.T. jacket, and he struck up a conversation with her. They discussed their work, and he was immediately impressed by her ambition and intelligence.
“She seemed very smart, and she seemed to be working on interesting things,” he said. “She is a very passionate and dedicated person.”
For Dr. Norville’s part, she was impressed that he wasn’t scared away by the fact that she went to M.I.T. or by her demanding career, both of which had been a source of discord in previous relationships.
They went to dinner one week later, and began dating.
It was a challenging time to begin a relationship: Dr. Norville was in the middle of finishing her dissertation, so she had very little free time. But Mr. Freilich inserted himself into her academic life. At least one “date” was at the laboratory; she asked him to keep her company late into the night while she worked. (“That was probably more of a test than a date,” Dr. Norville said.)
On other occasions, he made dinner while she revised, and revised again, her dissertation. By early 2012, Dr. Norville had completed her defense, submitted the final draft of her thesis and landed a postdoctorate position. Mr. Freilich proposed that December.
Both think the Ph.D. process served as an excellent litmus test for their relationship.
“She was in this very difficult time, this intense period in her studies,” he said. “I right away thought this seems like a good person to work with when times get tough because she keeps going.” MARGAUX LASKEY

A version of this article appeared in print on August 11, 2013, on page ST12 of the New York edition with the headline: Passing the Laboratory Test., Here’s a nice wedding announcement which we suspect begins here at Toscanini’s.

Julie Norville, Samuel Freilich
Passing the Laboratory Test

Frank Boucher
By MARGAUX LASKEY
Published: August 11, 2013
Julie Erin Norville and Samuel David Freilich are to be married Sunday at the M.I.T. Chapel in Cambridge, Mass. Rabbi Sam Seicol will officiate.
Dr. Norville, 33, is keeping her name. She is a postdoctoral researcher in genetic engineering at Harvard. She graduated from the California Institute of Technology and received master’s and doctoral degrees in electrical engineering and computer science from M.I.T. She is a daughter of Heather Jackson Norville and H. Scott Norville of Lubbock, Tex.
Mr. Freilich, 27, is a software programmer at Google, working on the airfare search function. He graduated from the Franklin W. Olin College of Engineering in Needham, Mass. He is a son of Louise Krakow Freilich and Joel B. Freilich of Shaker Heights, Ohio.
The couple met in April 2011 at an ice cream shop in Cambridge. Dr. Norville was alone, consoling herself after a bad date, and Mr. Freilich was there with his medieval folk dancing group.
He noticed Dr. Norville’s M.I.T. jacket, and he struck up a conversation with her. They discussed their work, and he was immediately impressed by her ambition and intelligence.
“She seemed very smart, and she seemed to be working on interesting things,” he said. “She is a very passionate and dedicated person.”
For Dr. Norville’s part, she was impressed that he wasn’t scared away by the fact that she went to M.I.T. or by her demanding career, both of which had been a source of discord in previous relationships.
They went to dinner one week later, and began dating.
It was a challenging time to begin a relationship: Dr. Norville was in the middle of finishing her dissertation, so she had very little free time. But Mr. Freilich inserted himself into her academic life. At least one “date” was at the laboratory; she asked him to keep her company late into the night while she worked. (“That was probably more of a test than a date,” Dr. Norville said.)
On other occasions, he made dinner while she revised, and revised again, her dissertation. By early 2012, Dr. Norville had completed her defense, submitted the final draft of her thesis and landed a postdoctorate position. Mr. Freilich proposed that December.
Both think the Ph.D. process served as an excellent litmus test for their relationship.
“She was in this very difficult time, this intense period in her studies,” he said. “I right away thought this seems like a good person to work with when times get tough because she keeps going.” MARGAUX LASKEY

A version of this article appeared in print on August 11, 2013, on page ST12 of the New York edition with the headline: Passing the Laboratory Test., here's an MIT wedding that I suspect began at Toscanini's  http://t.co/LfYkqrekWA, It's here... #supercake http://t.co/wD1iUAH9qW, Is it a bird? Is it a plane? No, it's SUPERCAKE! #supercake http://t.co/kFeyjqmGoy, Today at Barismo in Arlington I saw a guy with a large Dunkin' iced coffee that would have disturbed Mayor Bloomberg., Yesterday as I was leaving Dwelltime on Broadway I ran into Australian/musician/barista San from Espresso Tricycle., Mike's Massive Central.  http://t.co/3Q1uFZcY7F  Best name for a blog.  http://t.co/3Q1uFZcY7F, Rarely seen these days.  The Butterscotch motorino!  Cambridge awaits its return as Plains Indians dreamed of the White Buffalo.  When it reappears it means that the academic year begins and Sardininia is empty., Clare Garland's tasty dessert at Ashmont Grill.  http://t.co/MblFcU53GE, 8Pm tonight, Su Au18.  Wong Kar Wai's In the Mood for Love at MFA, Saturday isn't Saturday without some of these flavs. Open til 11. Supercake makes its weekend debut. http://t.co/9gYzrILbWz, These NYT graphics are cool.  I'm puzzling over them trying to figure out how helpful they are.  http://t.co/ozPx1hOOEQ, The papers have been writing about Boston PD and Staties having a turf war in Seaport.  Don't forget Massport Police.  Whoever they are., Out for a bike ride.  Stopped by Voltage for volts but they are closed today for reprinting, This is for Tom who probably knows it.  http://t.co/hxfzDuBwIw  The Science of Boston's Great Molasses Flood, Listen to NRBQ's "Howard Johnson's Got His Hojo Working on Me" while reading this  http://t.co/dIkd21JBZM, We're sending Aaron back to the Nut House in Provincetown.  They need ice cream and he has the serum., Come and get it. Fri nite flavors. http://t.co/93NQLqFvbn, Sad to say the end of summer in Boston is when a lot of people leave as well as arrive., A story by Corby Kummer about chocolate and more  http://t.co/aH896TTmuZ, Barismo is serving  affogatos with our Nocciola and French Vanilla.  http://t.co/SupfFCkUUr  A scoop of ice cream "drowned" in espresso., Only 79 minutes left to get your Thursday night flavors. http://t.co/mnhbvq6IQX, Ben took time off from studying Spanish while riding LA buses to alert me to these guys  http://t.co/pbfiT3RqSF  I can't pedal that much., Regarding Marlboro Market sign, let me say I love hot dogs.  And would cheerfully eat  ones that sell for 75 cents.  Bring back Underdog., The guys at Acme Ice are waiting for Tony Maws new place on Kirkland.  As are the guys in William James Hall. Getting closer., In an article about Stephen Sondheim, Alex Beam mentions Corby Kummer looking like Michael Chabon. http://t.co/4GQ8QrrCSs  Hmmm., Soft serve beer?  Japan keeps on innovating.  http://t.co/jUCGqJbhPA, Counterpoint!!  After great meal at ASTA where I drank too much I confronted this neighboring sign on street http://t.co/ps82OxLqWi, Tomorrow is the opening of Barismo's Brew Garden.  A little bit of Bavaria or Wien in Arlington., Teddy's shoes is starting its weekend Flash Sale.  http://t.co/whpqmg09ik  Hand me down my dancing shoes., Coldest morning of the season but the ice cream is selling like hot cakes! http://t.co/AXHAc805HJ, Wednesday flavors are the best kind of flavors http://t.co/WcBf5kcvzw, Giving away samples at handsome new Whole Foods in Charlestown., Glamourama closed at Columbia & Broadway.  Was it named after place on All My Children?  The neighborhood keeps changing., Ali Flauter is visiting and we need to make Toasted Coconut.  Shannon Carroll's mom visited and said he's almost finished with his training to be a nurse.  She also said that Mary owns a brewery in the South.  With Lebanese pirates?  Shannon's Mom showed me pictures of Shannon and Brian at Quaker camp in northern New England.  What a day.  Melanie Foxx's Dad said she was Miss New York but I don't know how he meant that.  

And finally all units should be on the lookout for Pat Egan, who is back in eastern Mass., The folks from Mollusk Surf visited, radiantly and nonchalantly cool.  http://t.co/39hs3JJZcX  How's this?, On Friday Barismo opens its patio in Ahlington Centah.  http://t.co/z5OADo08PS  Great coffee outside., A4 Pizza opens in Somerville.  Will they compete with Pini's that promises the biggest slice in Somerville?, Ice cream! Enough said. http://t.co/QPIAzKPpPe, 7P and 9P National Poetry Slam at Lizard Lounge for $5  http://t.co/RAIFBbco7B, Boston Teen Acting presentation of All My Children.  August 15>17  http://t.co/DYF2KLqIf5, Wednesday we'll be giving away samples at the new Whole Foods in Charlestown.  I'll be disguised as Ben Affeck.  230PM., Looking at the New Yorker cover of Weiner on top of the Empire State Building made me wonder if Carl Hiassen will relocate., A very quiet city with  lot of people gone and the new arrivals still in NJ., Jerry Bergonzi trio played great jazz at Lilypad in Inman Sq.  Every Monday., Eydie Gorme was Italian, Turkish, Jewish and spoke Spanish.  http://t.co/BH4J71kaY9  Obituaries are great., At lily pad in Inman square for jazz., Want a change of pace? Sour Cherry Sorbet is delicious and refreshing. http://t.co/TaD3wn9Sv6, We sent the very wonderful Aaron to The Nut House in Ptown.  With ice cream.  Carnival is coming., We're working on ice cream for Clover movie showing of Ghostbusters.  But nothing slimy., It turns out that its hard for us to quickly add pint flavors at Cinderella's because of labeling requirements. More soon, but not too soon., Adam Tessier suggests a potent political form of crowd funding:  Buy a membership to Detroit Institute of Arts!  There's support., Neighbors.  Neighbors.  I was experimenting with a watermelon granita when I found a brown takeaway carton containing donuts and sauce from Craigie's amazing Sunday brunch.  Good grief.  Finished the granita, although I've yet to taste the finished product and switched -oddly, admittedly- to a squash tomato soup from the first Al Forno cookbook which I always re-read while on vacation.  I needed an onion and instead of dashing cross the street to our local Star Market, I "borowed" one from the night crew at Cinderella's.  By way of an explanation I said I was making a soup that could become a sorbet, which I actually think is unlikely.  They smiled indulgently., Dr. De Caro of Roma Tre finds out who drinks the most coffee.  http://t.co/RlkpyUMA8V, null, null, End-of-the-weekend flavors. http://t.co/rT16hpyPev, At the big City Feed in JP giving away samples of F Va, B Ch, Burnt!, Grape Nut...., 3PM demo at City Feed in Jamaica Plain.  Come visit., After a friend heard someone say "Yale had too much money" he asked if anyone could say that in Latin to use as a motto., Internal communication at one hotshot NYC restaurant is so bad that one staffer relies on NYTimes to find out about new items., Cherry nilla nilla is on the board tonight, so nice they named it twice. http://t.co/yxCG6SZQGR, The rain has ended. The flavors are cold. The scoopers are ready. Happy Friday. http://t.co/QoW0kY2rcn, Our assortment tonight-- stop by for a taste. http://t.co/YCw4mBVlx1, The Globe has written about Whole Foods coming to Charlestown.  We'll be giving away samples on We August 14., We'll be giving away samples at City Feed on Sunday.  August 11., with flavors like pancakes and oatmeal, why WOULDN'T you have ice cream for breakfast? #FOTD http://t.co/jKWt3ZWLh3, It's Tuesday in Cambridge and these are our flavors RIGHT NOW!!!!! :D http://t.co/CbbpxlR3ZU, Soon ... Student athletes, foreign students and first year students return in Uhauls., End the weekend on a cool note with one of these Sunday flavors http://t.co/Y4gepHjBQv, Jeremy Fox's story about Cape Verdean BBQ in Ceylon Park is excellent. http://t.co/2gbxHK7TN6, Besides the dumpling battle we also have a lefty Steel Cage Death Match going on here in Central Sq.  http://t.co/77G8uNpVLR, This is great news if you love dumplings, and I do.  http://t.co/h41MNw0RK1, All of Boston Magazine's Best of Boston winners since 1974.  http://t.co/j87tDSo3Ul, This is How We Do It., this morning's flavor selection: http://t.co/6C1XnIpI0V, The Globe's Luke Pyenson mentions our affogato.  Deb Samuels writes about Greek Frappes!, Today's Herald mentions My Pet Shark's favorite Italian place Tutto Italiano in Lexington, These flavors. Let me tell you about these flavors. Wednesday night. http://t.co/0mvVNI2390, We got a nice mention in the @bostonglobe about our ice cream + espresso affogato.

http://t.co/47okVz1qad, Still happy from our Best of Boston award from Boston Magazine yesterday.  Thanks for all of the good wishes!, Come try the best ice cream in Boston. http://t.co/lJu09DAj8v, Toscanini’s - Best Ice Cream, Boston Magazine's Best of Boston: http://t.co/tMm9XCCfj8, We're Best of Boston.  #humblebrag

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/best-of-boston/2013/toscaninis-13, Monday night kinda flavors. Be here or b^3. http://t.co/MPiGnJiZ4x, it's monnnnnndaaaay morning! come start your week off right! http://t.co/k4zyYkx7bk, In western Maine where everyone seems to read Yankee., First people from Ohio visited because of Yankee Magazine mention., Feels like summer again. Celebrate with one of these. Saturday PM flavors. http://t.co/xOfrBSNcIz, Start the weekend right with some of these flavs. Friday nite and we are ready to scoop. http://t.co/KF9O2TdpRh, Went to Clover store on Holyoke in Harvard Square. Vincenzo suggested a tempeh breakfast sandwich and Barismo coffee.  Both good., Today driving in Cambridge is pretty hopeless.  The underpass is closed!  Stay home., Long ago the day began at 530AM looking down Main St. towards Kendall Sq.  Petsi and Iggy's delivered, the newspapers came and Rosev brought us a lot of milk and cream., null, Hulking back of typical Oberlin pre-med student.  A smarter Captain America.  Who scoops. http://t.co/pnhNtu0Mql, Working on a home version of Coffee Ice Cream Sandwich for a cookbook.  Scale it down., Had great food at Bergamot.  Amanda Palmer & Neil Gaiman were sitting happily in a corner., Flavors for a fall August nite. Two blank slots. Come by to see what will fill them. http://t.co/RjSrPzGZmU, Not quite yet for the return of Clover. http://t.co/81t7RoN8XN, Our friends (and partner) b.good was on Good Morning America yesterday-  look at the picture of the truck closely and you'll see a picture of Gus!, null, It's Beyonce appreciation night here at Tosci. Here are some flavors fit for Queen Bey. http://t.co/mA3LC6UvUg, Tried to renew my license online but was probably ripped off by credit card fakeout.  Don't worry.  Martha Coakley is on the case., They closed the RMV in Cambridgeside Galleria so its off to Watertown.  Never a good chore but people were diligent.  Tried to do it online., New Bon Appetit has a summer cover about ice cream but only 2 pages of content and 3 or 4 recipes., Take your pick. http://t.co/M6QvizJL00, null, Hannah Arendt movie isn't very good but Arendt is important as are the actor & director.  Is there a matinee audience for this in Newton?, There are no photographs of New Yorker Donna Moran but she may be in town, or may have been in town.  Those who say don't know.  Those who know, don't say., Everyone I know has cool sunglasses.  I just squint.  This is former ice cream maker, Nick Brannigan, Bane drummer, and man who is rebuilding Union Sq. Somerville, brick by brick., Noam Chomsky is half of a steel cage death match.  http://t.co/w6aEISYh1k, The funny John Kass of the Chicago Tribune on classy Bruins fans.  http://t.co/hCQOOfMFca, I love puns.  THE AUDACITY OF HOPS  http://t.co/o6ApZgp82E 630P Tuesday!, Storms a'brewing. Flavors for stormy skies-- http://t.co/jiLN0MCKIr, Its hard to decide whether Citibank is worse than Mass. DMV? Right now I'd say the Mass. DMV is ahead but Citibank could battle back., Patrick McCaughey of Western Wood Coffee, performing Japanese coffee magic at Roundabout Books http://t.co/mwO0iMAfJ1, Jason looking cool enough for Philadelphia, with a Barismo cold brew on his way to Mariposa for a pretzel roll.  Then to South Station for a Bolt bus to South Street.  South Street.  Where do all the hippies meet?  South Street., The busy weekend did not leave us without Cocoa Rum Brownie.  Thank goodness., Farmers are pulling the last vegetables out of the ground for the Central Sq. Farmers' Market which begins at noon, Monday., We sold out of Nutella Nocciola so I guess La Reina's idea was pretty good., Started work on Almond Orange Apricot, Orange-Pepper/Peach S. and something with  plums.  Plum I'm supposed to make Esp Granita., Books you don't need in a place you can't find.  http://t.co/ECd7DrsXv2  Guy Darst usually recommends rail trips.  This was great., Worked tonight and visited Herrell's in Noho as part of my own National Ice Cream Day.  Felt patriotic., Ed Bourgeois's passionate and quantified approach to coffee roasting.  http://t.co/f55I01JEks, It's national ice cream day! Come celebrate with these flavors: http://t.co/p3AxVvF9f3, In Greenfield MA for vegan cupcakes, Western Woods Coffee and Coffee Life in Japan., At Roundabout Books for a talk about Japanese Coffee.  Also serving Barismo coffee from western woods coffee & vegan cupcakes!, Flavors for the end of the heat wave. http://t.co/jrKzU0wv9B, Feels like a storm is going to come down that will wash away all the filth.  Wait a minute, that was NYC in Taxi Driver.  We just get rain., The Esplanade bike path is closed for a bomb sweep related to a concert tonight at Hatch Shell., Went to Sally O's for country music and stayed for British Blues from Ian Siegal.  More or less unbelievable.  I think he's headed to NJ., Marlene Aron called to say that her very gentle brother Robert had died.  Robert created Cardealerphobia, a service for people who didn't like to deal with buying a car.  I'm not he loved cars the way some people do, but he loved helping people.  And I think he loved navigating through the shoals of making the second largest purchase most folks make after buying their own homes.

Robert helped Toscanini's and Rancatore's buy several vehicles.  He had opinions.  In ways that could surprise he would channel Ralph Nader and refuse to buy a vehicle if he thought the vehicle was unsafe or unreliable in our northern climate.  He insisted on good brakes.  A friend wanted a car Robert didn't like because the design of doors made it difficult for passengers to escape.  

Last week I was waiting at River St. to cross Memorial Drive when two cars crashed into each other, and then into a third car.  There were no squealing brakes just an amazing collision that I was sure would lead to gruesome deaths.  Instead, thanks to airbags and safety improvements everyone survived.  Only one person was even taken to a hospital.  I thought about Robert and his concern for others and their safety.  

Robert was a mensch.

He passed away on Tuesday, July 9, at 11:00 a.m.   Rbert was at Brigham and Women's Hospital. 
   
Robert's funeral and burial will take place on Sunday, July 21.
Funeral Service and Tribute 
11:00 a.m.
Levine Chapels
470 Harvard Street
Brookline, MA, They're not all fresh., The heat wave forced us to reinstate the sunrise ice cream making shift which for me is like visiting another world.  Every day the City of Cambridge street cleaner uses an Elgin Pelican to scour the streets and for a brief moment there are competing stripes until the water evaporates.  Then another truck appears, in DPW orange and waters the baskets of hanging flowers that hang from lightposts.  One bakery's delivery river shows up and then another.  I was so tired that I only noticed the second baker as she left the store.  Another early riser delivers the newspapers.  And a large number of street people materialize on their way to McDonald's.  It is the time you are least likely to be interrupted., Keep Calm and Eat Ice Cream  http://t.co/qht7okMUU9  UK's ice cream during the heat wave., Customers from the past:  Jason!  Now of Philadelphia.  Mint flavor, thank you., Delivered ice cream to the big MassMouth event in Davis Square plus Norah Dooley's birthday party.  All at once!, Obviously the guardians of our deplorable pop culture are wrong again.  They are always wrong.  The Chechen looks like a young Jimmy Page, The New Republic's take on the Rolling Stone over controversy., Toscanini's: now with free ice! come on by and cool down! http://t.co/2qTNB2me4N, Just back from a discussion of food issues at Tufts, in Dr. De Caro's Ethics and Global Citizenship.  At the end we ate ice cream., It's pretty hot out. Our flavors are as cool as ever. http://t.co/3UXD0VI34m, Our line-up tonight. Some usual suspects and some surprises. http://t.co/iRxY5wxobY, Burt Lancaster won an academy award for Elmer Gantry.  http://t.co/wZjYiQr9yZ  Tonight @ Brattle, I agreed with Ernesto on Steely Dan.  John has finished his show and left the building., We have great Coconut Sorbet, perfect for this hot day, as well as Mango Sorbet, Strawberry and 29 other flavors., A very personal take on DC's food scene by the guy who started Breadline.  http://t.co/G43dWVhLxa, We're rocking some cool flavors and hats tonight. Here are some of them. http://t.co/frmOGmXPeh, I love Coke and I love Mexican Coke a little more.  The Mexican Cola at Central Bottle maybe the best yet., A woman who knows a lot about ice cream.  http://t.co/g3cz8HK8b8, Marc Levy's Cambridge.day on development across from Toscanini's.  http://t.co/Wx0HL1c4jj, Central Sq. Farmers' Market today on Bishop Allen.  Doh see doh.  and E I E I O., We're trying a new version of Buckeye.  We hope Woody Hayes would approve., Sebastian Smee and Peter Grilli of the Japan Society on Japan.  http://t.co/eRQ0MbA5NC, Ice cream makes everything better. #tonightsflavors http://t.co/qPPDYlxSUy, I was driving past the Porter Square T station when a bicyclist pulled up next to the Toscanini's van and asked about Mike Penta.  Of course bicyclists ask about Mike on Saturday mornings.  He teaches at Northern Middlesex.  The bicyclist was an undergrad and is now a grad student.  He may have been looking for Mike since then., Ministry of Supply makes modern clothing, performance clothing for casual Fridays in Silicon Valley and elsewhere.  I asked "Where did the name come from."  "Do you remember Q in the James Bond movies?  He worked for the mInistry of Supply.  
http://www.ministryofsupply.com/home-new2?utm_expid=60837079-5.tgtdLVMcQtSl0ZF5dANdZA.2&utm_referrer=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.google.com%2F, Emily created a new Banana Pudding, with an extra sweetness.  Available tomorrow as is Cocoa Rum Brownie which one scooper thought was the "perfect use of a brownie."  We thank the brownie and its spirit., Men of ice cream.  Central Sq.  Summer, 2013, Saturday evening and we have these flavors right now. http://t.co/ZeBSLcctTF, Future customers in Sardinia, with aspirational cappello., Cool flavors for a cool Friday. Is it going to rain? Heck no. http://t.co/WVvZqlPUvo, Dr Vanu Bose died, an important figure in many fields and he man whose company created the Acoustic Cannon we had in our MIT store., Los Lobes will be playing tomorrow at 345P with Los Lonely Boys and Alejandro Escovedo.  http://t.co/PSnKrHkPup, These are flipping fast. Warm thurs flavors. http://t.co/uUCdjcMpYU, Part 2 of an ongoing series of customers before they took the SAT's or Teufel exams.  This customer is from the northernmost villages in Italy's Alto Adige., Tonight we'll be playing the first Electric Flag album with Mike Bloomfield on guitar and Nick Gravenites singing., National Slurpee Day.  http://t.co/HYQSMn26SB  Plus Insane Clown Posse is named worst rappers ever.  I would dispute that., In moments Taste of Cambridge kicks off on Sidney Street.  Lots of good stuff and a tent so that if anything happens it won't matter., Small power failure for 45 minutes. Whew!  We now are fully power like the uss enterprise!, Now studying in Boston at a university, not a grade school.  Perhaps he returned to New England for the ice cream., What a nice story from one of our patrons!, giant monsters at the Brattle  http://t.co/67rOLBjRdY  Jurassic Park., Its Autot-une all the time at Tastyburger in H Sq.  Why does it all sound so bad?, come nab a scoop of blackberry lime before it's gone! http://t.co/bMwNFeoCaO, RT @CambridgeUSA: Cool way to get some free @tosci ice cream for the history buffs http://t.co/ZqLe7C3Qdv @CambridgeHS, Someone at the Globe loves St. Louis or Bosnian food or both.  http://t.co/fCElk1pAXj, Made ice cream with two visiting Texans from Austin:  made Hydrox, Vienna Finger Cookie & P. Hermes Tango Sorbet.  They will soon be at Amys, Working on two different raspberry sorbets, another Rasp-Red Pepper S.  Salt & Pepper from two days didn't work., Best thing I ate yesterday was the first thing;  a danish at Area 4 coffee., I scream, you scream, we all scream for tonight's flavors! http://t.co/cwzxtAjafU, OMG.  Henrietta Davis is not running for re-election to the City Council. Years ago Henrietta wrote the first piece about Toscanini's., Customer seemed to be smoking and I said "I'm sorry but there's no smoking."  She said, "Its an e-cigarette."  What do people think?, B Good is opening new place near Hartford, so today we dispatched Aaron on a small-scale New England Interstate jaunt to deliver ice cream., Evan Ziporan and Eviyan are part of Rockport Chamber Music Festival  http://t.co/oFp9l7UDe2  Fr Jul 12 8P, We're donating to Taste of Cambridge & Cambridge Local First event.  http://t.co/fC7Mk0sltS  No rain, please. +Cambridge Historical Society, Tonight we are still serving super special limited edition #pistachio but not for much longer-- come try it soon! http://t.co/0Y5tKmZTsb, Is this the undercover Big Gay Ice Cream Truck that solves mysteries and brings peace to Boston neighborhoods or is this a prop for a really bad summer movie starring Kevin James and Alex Aroyan., Went to Manhattan:  eat ice cream, drink coffee, check out crazy-prized furniture., Mass. makes high end audio speakers  http://t.co/i74LDBxD1X, Did a video interview with http://t.co/ozeBiZcDsq, becoming the heaviest person ever on the site., Meems thinks that "the horse stole the movie".  She liked Lone Ranger., Flavors for a steamy Saturday evening. http://t.co/p20MxGBrDJ, Roxbury Puddingstone is a common rock in eastern Mass.  It is also a flavor and a park. Ahttp://missionhillnhs.org/puddingstone-park/, Dumpling Room may open soon, possibly in a week., Someone called.  We found Espresso and Mocha but we're not sure how long they'll last., Tony Maws visited, fresh from success in Japan said that Craigie will close on Monday for ten days of kitchen repairs.  New place is later., Japanese soft power illustrated. Monster movies!  http://t.co/Qm4IUFIVYo  Maybe the warplanes or cars were better., The City Dance Party is the best event  This year attendance might have doubled to 10K.  http://t.co/YuMMKjOf2Z, today today today! http://t.co/NZNLvbT2I2, http://t.co/8oydPYLPTS, Wish my iPhone could photograph lightning bugs.  Had a magical encounter with them at vacant lot in Lower Manhattan.  Once they were common., Amy of Amy's on Keeping Austin Weird.  http://t.co/YwH41MYDOz, Some people don't approve of espresso over ice.  Had one at 9th St. Espresso that was great & kept a very tired person in motion on hot day, Drove down to NYC.  Went to Fresco, Il Laboratorio and Van Leeuwen. Lots of good stuff especially Palm Sugar at Van Leeuwen, RT @TheRealErnesto: @tosci we stopped by earlier...Diego and I get ice cream every 4th of July there!, Another location scout from the Frances McDormand movie.  We're going to issue our own film credits and get this thing in gear., This week let's just review the air conditioning when it comes to movies.   Great AC at Brattle and Coolidge., Went to Il Labortorio del Gelati where a wonderful counter person helped in every way including selling us a half-frozen red Coke bottle., Went to NYC and visited Bon Yagi's Hi Collar Japanese coffee cafe, kissaten.  Marvelous., Still hot and still scooping. Flavors for a steamy fifth of July Friday. http://t.co/3B6k2Rd3Jy, Toscanini's co-founder Dr.Kurt Jaenicke was in town for the fireworks, to visit family and check up on Central Sq.  Formerly of Camden SC., Brian MacNeil, former scooper, ink artist and painter visited.  We talked about Mike Penta's ribs., Red Auerbach used to light up a cigar when he considered the game to be won.  We order pizza from Cinderella's., Defending Brutalism  http://t.co/9EtkvQljtS  which would include Kallman McKinnell's Government Center Garage and City Hall, We're open until midnight on the Fourth of July.  Its too hot to close at 11PM., Above Central.  Fireworks soon. http://t.co/LPJsxn8glj, Friends brought us several of the Union Square Donuts filled with our ice creams.  Delicious.  Need more friends for more donuts., Hope for an Entebbe-style visit to NYC to visit Fresco gelati, Il Labotorio, Hi Colar Kissaten (with Dr. White), This is the busiest day of the year and we are ready.  I hope., RT @TheDrewStarr: @tosci they already shut down Storrow for the 4th. Asinine. Messing up both cities like crazy, We got dry ice for people taking ice cream in coolers to the esplanade but that's not happening with this year's airplane rules., Celebrating Sam Adams and his Committee of Correspondence seems at odds with the story about the Post Office photographing every envelope., Hi Rise on Mass Ave. is closed but Dwelltime was jammed, including barista celebrity from San from Australia and the Espresso Trike., and we have arrived! happy fourth of july! welcome to the busiest ice cream day of the year. and pistachio, too! http://t.co/CSa52C2vag, 'Twas the night before July 4th. Flavors. All this will change tomorrow. http://t.co/ThXK9ykHJi, Robin Young and WBUR's Here and Now goes national.  http://t.co/QVpEIpXdqB, LAWeekly's 12 best Instagram bakers  http://t.co/gAFJdKQfxL  Time to move., Mike Fitzhenry's Massive Central blog covers the 91 bus route.  http://t.co/nij6BZjKCO, Graphically ugly maps showing where hipsters live in different cites.  http://t.co/AKHLqogUy7, Cambridge traffic was awful on the way to work and awful now.  Harvard Square was a complete mess., We're open until 11PM tonight.  On the Fourth we open at 9A and close at midnight.  Rock on., Bicyclist are always worth watching.  A guy on Hampshire was towing his wheeled luggage behind him as he headed to Kendall Sq., RT @UnionSqDonuts: @hoover_dam @tosci No better way to start your day! :), A funny book review of a funny book about our nation's capital.  http://t.co/Efgx3eJ70W, Its hot but we've been lucky with high skies and good clouds so it never closes down like on the city like August., The dumpling room opening gets closer. http://t.co/By5jXqFmut, I've been doing variations on Orange-Chile Pepper.  First with Turkish peppers and then with Korean pepper flakes.  Maybe both together?, Sheryl Julian loves Spoke Wine Bar in Somahville.  http://t.co/XJZbt2gO7g, Texas Monthly is great.  http://t.co/Bj5PN5WY3Z   Texas is sort of great., This is Tuesday flavors http://t.co/y10wEDoU3V, Story about former Nivana guy turned soldier was written by… member of Bullet LaVolta.  http://t.co/G9p3oCI0wp, RT @CuisineEnLocale: We'd like to take this moment to curtsy for being awarded Boston's Best Meal Share., We're working with a local donut company to create an ice cream sandwich donut that will be … "better" than DD's donut Breakfast Sandwich., tasty treats cannot wait to try., TW's wine series.  http://t.co/xIBNr49imJ  $55, but worth it if you like to drink and eat., Thunderstorms + goat cheese brownie= great knight. http://t.co/qrbiEdztXr, We have our best coffee Barismo Espresso made with beans from those boys in Arlington!  Plus Berry White, B3, Mango S., Coconut S., Our hiring process has been heavily influenced by the recruiting successes of Oral Roberts University.  They are talented and very big.  Hostile, mobile and agile.  We need a bigger walk in freezer.  There isn't room for any ice cream., Inside of future H Mart in Central Sq.  125,000 screws to go. http://t.co/B3BdFdPKYz, Sunday pm. Flavors for the final hours of the fiscal year. http://t.co/7Ts3umPcYC, Kane's Donuts in Saugus coffee roll with hand of famous ice cream maker to suggest scale.  Uh oh http://t.co/5NnjEHdI58, Saturday evening's 2 car crash on Mem Dr that turned into a 3 car combination.  One person was taken to hospital. http://t.co/41Grh2gcFj, Sunday funday! http://t.co/hmjUEdTC2c, Yesterday was crazy busy, maybe the customers were practicing for the Fourth.  Two asked what the Chocolate Orange tasted like.  Hmmm., Paradise is Kane's Donuts in Saugus, a kind of paradise.  Part Salisbury Beach, part coastal Maine.  They open at 330AM. A happy round place, Meems says that a Zipcar decal is the best predictor of bad driving.  Watch out!  It can be translated as "I don't drive much.", Someone in Mid Cambridge alerted the Paine Park neighbors that a pet boa constrictor had been found.  Anyone missing a snake?, Sunny Saturday. These are our flavors right now. http://t.co/eeNJePFxI1, There is a huge tent in front of the Science Center that would be perfect for Taste of Cambridge twice rained out, & City Dance which may be, Flavors for a dance party! Come show us your best move! http://t.co/wRpfbdNZo0, MFA flygirls should be at Cambridge City Dance as well as Anthro queens., Cambridge City Dance is underway, goes to 11PM.  Great but traffic is screwed.  Take Red Line, walk or bicycle, perhaps park on Broadway., Tonight is the Cambridge City Dance in front of City Hall.  Boogie your scruples away!, Just did a mini course for The Future of Brookline.  Good fun.  I think I understand how to make Fresh Mint Brownies., A friend taught at Camp Kinderland, with its murals of Trotsky and Lenin.  http://t.co/ayM8EVMVsr, Flavors for a foggy Thursday http://t.co/X9YeGEgj1k, I think this link will get you to a WSJ piece on Joanne Chang's summer desserts  http://t.co/JIJNOsyg8j, Nice that the cool weather is here.  So here are our cool flavors. http://t.co/GcDbE7kA4E, Bike paths to dream about.  http://t.co/EyltcsTnsX  From Denmark., I'm going to open another ice cream store.  Ran into Corey Boniface and family, from D.C. (Comics).  Joel, Amanda Palmer, Mike Penta and everyone else has been in town.  Corey and Ivy from the Brattle were at the PTown Film Festival, as was Lisa Rosman, Queen of Lemon Espresso and NYC film critic.   Adam Simha will make ice cream and I will deliver, timing my arrival so as to coincide with family meal at Michela's.  Wait a minute..., Weds night flavors! http://t.co/vLwYPXgmuo, Steve says he is an "ambivert" and that he was happy to find a word that describes himself.  Come to tonight's opening., The vanishing dialect of Texas German.  http://t.co/63gnn6eWlo  The new Texas Monthly also has an article about this., Fuzzy roots at Central Sq. Farmers Market, Steve Solomon has left New York's Chinatown, where he has been offering religious instruction to immigrants who want to understand the old neighborhood.  His opening is tonight at Toscanini's.  During the day he will be here signing autographs and discussing Larry Leiber's forgotten genius., Everyone is in Central Square.  Restaurant designer Ben Dryer was at Columbia and Main when Leah Mennies and the Boston Magazine crew came through, going from someplace to somewhere.   Ben is working on new Mei Mei bricks and mortar place near BU., La Dolce Vita at Brattle at 730PM  http://t.co/Qm4IUFIVYo  A good night to be in the Trevi Fountain., Mike Fitzhenry may have been the first guy hereabouts to do Pourovers at Mike & Patty's  http://t.co/eX2Puu5hcS, Harry Parker died.  http://t.co/S2mNBKBu6z  Which seems impossible., So what if it's 90 degrees? We got these flavors right now and we are scooping them fast and furiously. http://t.co/hHhj42QwGG, Massive Central is live.  http://t.co/z0hhE7ebJi, Last night was the City Mgr's last City Council meeting.  Typically we had a power failure in MId Cambridge., Beer-flavored ice cream.  http://t.co/Lz8H2QFD32  We've been doing it for years. Next we may make an ice cream flavored beer: Burnt Caramel!, They may lost .... We still have Stanley chip! http://t.co/HtE6OViRud, Drink beer and watch David Niven and Gregory Peck in the Guns of Navarone.  8P at the Brattle., Yeehah!!  We're Best of Boston again.  Honored to be in such great company!

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/article/2013/06/25/ice-cream-spectacular/

(and so is our brother's store Rancatore's Ice cream & Yogurt - no sibling rivalry. We're just all happy to be here!), It's Monday night, and here are the flavors we have right now. http://t.co/8KPFo040Ku, BU Today on exhibit at MIT Museum.  http://t.co/5ycfG6akxD, To escape the heat you can hide in the Brattle, drink beer & watch Billy Wilder's Double Indemnity  http://t.co/IO4ZviIeXI, Cambridge Redevelopment Authority disappointed in plan it approved.  http://t.co/H1D8AHZVqp, RT @SFGate: Chez Panisse reopening after fire - famous Berkeley gourmet restaurant damaged by March blaze.  http://t.co/iSYRn3FCOg, Farmers Market in Central Sq.  Today!, Tim Toomey and Minka from Cambridge City Council showed up to help Dan Goldstein and Patrick Barrett clean Central Sq.  Plus 30 to 40 others, Flavors tonight! Try to say white coffee toffee five times in a row #tonguetwister http://t.co/ViRfGYoNR7, Made Nutella-Nocciola.  We will see.  Is this interesting or just excessive.  Also made Kenyan Khulfee and Saffron Orange Cardamom Khulfee., New chef at Sanctuary in JP showed up, previously at Cambridge Brewery.  Jasmine was excited about the poutine she'd had., Michael Burkin showed up, so did Joel, Amanda Palmer, and Mike Penta.  Wow.  Everyone is fine., Word on the street is that Nick Maestri is married., We didn't have a fire but the Cambridge Fire Dept. visited.  No alarms.  Just big red trucks and healthy firefighters., We made Orange Chocolate or is it Chocolate Orange., Working on Saffron Orange Khulfee and Kenyan Khulfee.  And Hydrox/Cookie Dough for..., Mark from Dumpling Room, our future neighbor is working on dessert dumplings including PB&J and Nutella., Summer. Hot. Ice Cream. http://t.co/Vlu0iICDj0, After a free coffee, Dan and Patrick and most of the Cambridge City Council are cleaning up Central Square.  Until noon.  Then an ice cream., With everyone watching the Broons it is a good night to go out., We couldn't find that super moon but if you get up at 630AM you might see it set., At 9AM we give away cups of coffee & clean up Central Sq.  Then everyone gets ice cream. http://t.co/vuqXm2m9af, Come on down! We have plenty of #ovaltine http://t.co/GblpdDTOzF, Ace unearthed the Economics of Eating Out.  http://t.co/4cKUn5OsQo, Summer solstice, full moon, come visit us during the daylight hours. http://t.co/Wbmsrbvpd0, Friday flavors. The weekend is only just beginning. http://t.co/mBB0IOiRpY, Yesterday was the Third Thursday when Cambridge tows in some place.  Today is much better.  On the Third Friday Larry Flint is at Sally O's., The Central Sq. Cleanup has a great poster by Catherine Sherwood.  It will be a bit like Billy Jack versus trash.  Maybe Walking Tall., I don't have any photos  from yesterday's encounter with Mike Penta but here's Amanda Palmer, former twelve foot bride and popster.  She was visiting Marc Abram's weekly IgNobel gathering at Hi Rise on Mass. Avenue.  Marc never scooped but Mike and Amanda were part of a golden age in Central Square and Harvard Square, an age when people didn't eat Goat Cheese Brownie or Red Pepper Raspberry Sorbet.  It was a simple post-colonial life.  Everyone survived, some surprised at that fact.  Amanda goes out on tour in a big bus like a country and western star.  No more vans running on China restaurant fry oil.  Mike lives in Lowell and teaches in Haverhill.  He was visiting the Media Lab to check out a new iteration of Scratch.  Amanda was asking about Henry Gross songs to cover during her shows.  She may encore with Skin King., This strawberry-rhubarb-ginger never made it to sorbethood but it was good to drink., First official day of summer.   Enough said. http://t.co/ueDmdlbYU3, It is The VERY Big Gay Ice Cream Truck.  They're on a list for best ice cream and another list for best trucks.  http://t.co/uXF7v2Qk04, No nilla nutter yet but hello maple gn cookie dough. Hello gorgeous. http://t.co/WPcVXpkaeZ, head's up!: nilla nutter should be making a special appearance in the store tonight. grab some if you can. http://t.co/0tBCD1d1aQ, This is a very good list.  There are many great ice cream stands.  Big Gay Ice Cream is here, and Smitten in SF.  http://t.co/Isnxbe44vy, Pete Wells, NYTimes restaurant critic finds a place that prompts his writerly instincts.  The final phrase is classic.  The review also makes you want to drive to New York City.

http://www.nytimes.com/2013/06/19/dining/reviews/restaurant-review-kajitsu-in-murray-hill.html?ref=dining

In June, he used a glossy dark magnolia leaf as the lid for a soup of slippery wakame seaweed and sesame tofu fried to a satisfying crunch. Last month, he lay pointy lily blades across a bowl that held a kind of vegan Jell-O salad, a clear gelatin dome studded with slices of raw baby okra, cooked bell peppers and mountain yam. To garnish that pea soup, the first dish on his April menu, he had made tiny replicas of pink-streaked cherry blossoms out of thin sheets of wheat gluten and rice flour, then decorated the bowl with a cherry branch whose flowers were so exquisitely small and delicate that they made other cherry blossoms look like the centerpiece at the wedding of a mobster’s daughter., Awesome-  we're in Relish's list of 10 best Ice Cream stores in the country!  

http://relish.com/slideshows/americas-very-best-ice-cream-shops/, A perfect snack from Formaggio in Cambridge.  Sweet blackberries and a small container of miscellaneous salumi or cold cuts., It's Wednesday. Do you know where your flavors are? http://t.co/94Q6qO5qim, Somerville Parking office is surrounded by No Parking areas so you can get a ticket trying to pay for a ticket or get a permit.  Nightmare., Carmen says, "Check this out."  http://t.co/RW1JF9N6pc, don't miss dulce de leche! it's running out soon! http://t.co/PY2ekjx3RJ, A still-woozy Gov. Patrick was probably trying to recall Ezra Vogel's bio of Deng Xiao Peng as the book he read alone  after marathon., Customer, Atlantic contributor & MIT instructor Ta Nehasi Coates on Radio Boston, I think they changed the Juan George reporting on Jean Georges' new Mexican restaurant.  http://t.co/YVWjerrV7O, Last night's rush hour fiasco described http://t.co/gWUlxBFAYY, What flavor would frances ha have ordered? Rainy Tuesday. Oatmeal is here. http://t.co/AMxMp9aAgL, Sprudge on Manhattan's first "kissaten".  http://t.co/JbG9Yk81jq  What?  Read on., Donations coming up include Prospect Hill Academy, planning for the Fourth and Mid Cambridge Neighborhood Association's wingding., Location scout was in looking to shoot a Frances McDormand movie where Central Square pretends to be in Brooklyn.  Hmmm., We donated ice cream to the effort to preserve Magazine Beach.  Lots of people are working on this.  http://t.co/0urwJ2uYYk, Helen Epstein of Lexington, The New Yorker and Plunkett Lake Press sent http://t.co/ykHqesDcCp, We're in the new Yankee Magazine but online I found a great recipe from famous State o' Mainer,  Yottam Ottolenghi http://t.co/Er2AzpwHHU, http://t.co/9g7WPpUR0e's comments defeated me so check out Toscanini's on FB in regards to Starbucks baked goods., Corby writes optimistically about food labeling and Starbucks baked goods.  http://t.co/cQ1A9Rgzct, Corby Kummer reports optimistic news about Starbucks baked goods.
http://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2013/06/frappuccino-quantified-starbucks-to-add-calorie-counts/276962/


 A few years ago my sister and I attended the Fancy Food Show in NYC’s Javits Center.  Lots of fun if you’re into food and lots to eat.  Not only was there an Italian aisle, but there were aisles for regions and provinces of France.  Lots of great foods from Albania and re-emerging European countries.   But one of the sharpest memories was the guy who had a nearby booth and was putting out his food the night before the show began.  Everyone else was setting up their booths, arranging displays and piling printed material but no one else was opening boxes of food and plating them.  After all this was the Fancy Food Show, not a gathering of industrial purveyors to community college districts.  

This guy was happy, practically whistling while he worked.  Finally Mimi asked, “How can you put your food out the night before the show opens?  Aren’t you worried it will get stale?”  

He laughed and said, “Nothing can hurt these baked goods.  They’ll be fresh for weeks.  I bake everything for Starbucks north of The Bronx.”

It was then that I stopped ordering baked goods at Starbucks.  I had nursed a hope that I might find the same inconsistency that the old Coffee Connection displayed.  At Coffee Connection the baked goods had a medium base-line, below which they never fell but you could also get lucky and buy pastries with far too much chocolate ganache, or some other positive variation.

I still retain a weakness and curiosity for Starbucks breakfast sandwiches but the cookies and sweet pastries have been off my list ever since that fateful encounter.

Now, in today Atlantic.com Corby Kummer reports on Starbucks’ purchase of La Boulange, a bakery in San Francisco, and the promise of better baked goods. We can hope.
http://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2013/06/frappuccino-quantified-starbucks-to-add-calorie-counts/276962/, The Gods must be angry.  Tonight's rescheduled Taste of Cambridge has been postponed again because of possible showers., null, Is that a pot of gold, or just salty saffron? http://t.co/IQo860UNcr, Rainbow!!!! Here's our colorful array of flavors tonight. http://t.co/v4H1KsS4D8, Rasta Pasta, Basta Pasta?  Hasta La Vista?  No!  Just ASTA on Mass. Ave.  Alec and Sheesh's Taste Adventure with a sly reference to the dog in Thin Man comedies.  All supervised by NYC designer Logan Thrownberry., A firm grasp on all things.  Tom Ehrenfeld checks in with British bands and Japanese industrialists., Something for all those typeface nuts I know.  http://t.co/Jlg3PwsQtx  All of whom know what Clearview is., Honey, tumeric, chocolate chips and almonds are used to make Stanley Chip., let's go bruins! come grab a pint of stanley chip and watch the game tonight! http://t.co/eXjsKYDQAH, I think I liked Sarah Polley's movie more than Frances Ha.  Ahh…angst., Today, Monday is Central Sq. Farmers' Market and Tuesday is Taste of Cambridge on Sidney St.  Hi Fi is open both days., The hungry people of Boston bid adieu to Aaron Kagan of http://t.co/CJcayTHfmb, off to NM, and welcomed his successor.  At Stoddard's on Su., Holy Cow.  Howie Carr was on GBH Radio!  Will he soon be on Fresh Air or replacing one of the dullards on the five week in review shows?, Happy Father's Day! Come get your dad some cherries and chocolate chips! http://t.co/J6FGA7B4K3, An article about customer Diana Dabby of Olin and how she mass music  http://t.co/h8RIebSyZU, They won because of our Stanley chip ice cream.  Only served in a cup! http://t.co/sAoQZUird0, Saturday nite kinda flavors http://t.co/qcuviDJiXB, Went down for an early Saturday in-store event at the Jamaica Plain Whole Foods.  We gave away 250 tiny cups and had a nice time.  Met Catherine Bent of the Axis Ensemble (which sounds ominous), nice folks from the cranberry business, the always entrepenurial Jeremy Alliger, former customers who have moved away and people who worked at Cambridge Savings Bank with our smarter sister.  The Healthy Foods Czar for this store had made a great Strawberry Melon Gazpacho.  We may steal the idea for a sorbet., Until 6PM there is the Somerville Accordion Slam at 7 Hills Park.  Somerville, like Rome, has seven hills.  http://t.co/gf3nzeHRNq, French Vanilla, Belgian Chocolate and Cocoa Pudding at JP Whole Foods.  Free samples!, Giving away ice cream at JP Whole Foods.  A beautiful day!, Michael Globetti wrote a pretty good and very funny book about playing American football in Birmingham, England,  God Save the Quarterback.  The team was owned by a Don Ho impersonator and played in the Eurobowl where it was defeated by a Dutch team sponsored by a pornography company.  The book got good reviews and was optioned by Mel Gibson who might have portrayed Globetti.  I knew Globetti when he wrote for The Herald and was waiting for the movie to commence production.  One day his publisher wrote to say that unsold copies of the book were being remaindered.  Growing up in New York City you could buy recent books cheaply -known as remainders- at Marlboro and Bookmaster’s.  I suggested to Globetti that he tour in support of his remaindered chronicle, maybe by bus. 

That idea went nowhere.  Instead he gardened in his back yard with Stakhanovite fury and we watched Prime Suspect on public television.  I still think remaindered books are bargains and more should be done with them.

In front of Harvard Book Store on Mass Ave. there was a pile of copies of Neil Sheehan’s A Fiery Peace in a Cold War.  These remaindered hardcover copies were priced at$2.98.  It is one of my favorite books.  It is one man’s life story through the American 20th century, from his arrival   from Germany as a child and his youth in Texas.  Bernard Scheiber’s life was amazing including flying as a mail pilot and then a long career in the Army Air Force and US Air Force.  He worked on military aircraft and missles.  The book tells one man’s story in a rapidly changing America, as well as that of several organizations and strategies.  More than Schreiber’s life story it tells several stories of co-operation, competition  and sucess, while also addressing setbacks and failures

I may have bought ten copies of this book and given them to many people including my father, an aero-astro professor at MIT, a friend’s father, who worked thirty years in the space program and remains closed-mouth about what he did, my brother.   Everyone likes the book.  

The book won the Pulitzer Prize and a National Book Award.   It is available at Harvard Book Store for about $2. and a hardback on Amazon can be gotten for $1.65 plus shipping.   Cheap., Japanese language tours of Arboretum on Sa and Portuguese on Su  http://t.co/3cQdIHiJmZ, Did anyone accidentally take home a black Ikea umbrella?  A customer needs it., University of California Press introduces new editor of Gastronomica  http://t.co/6tiRp3mtvC  Scroll down a bit, please., Introducing Melissa L. Caldwell, New Editor of Gastronomica
http://www.ucpress.edu/blog/


We’re pleased to announce that Melissa L. Caldwell, Professor of Anthropology at the University of California, Santa Cruz, has joined UC Press as the new editor of Gastronomica: The Journal of Food and Culture. A two-time UC Press author (Dacha Idylls: Living Organically in Russia’s Countryside and Not by Bread Alone: Social Support in the New Russia), her research focuses on changing practices and experiences of intimacy and compassion in post-Soviet Russia, with special attention to changing food cultures, poverty, and social justice.
Caldwell’s experience and her passion for thinking about how food impacts the world socially and culturally make her a perfect fit for Gastronomica. We’d also like to thank Darra Goldstein, founding editor of Gastronomica, and acknowledge the extraordinary contribution she has made to the prestige and success of the journal.
Library Relations Manager Rachel Lee recently sat down with Melissa L. Caldwell to talk about her research interests, life as an academic, and what she sees in the years ahead for Gastronomica.

Rachel Lee: Can you introduce us a little bit to your area of research?
Melissa L. Caldwell: The Anthropology of Food is one of my key areas of research, and I’m particularly interested in Russian society. Russia is such a dynamic place, there are so many things a going on, and food is a fascinating way to track the changes in that society.
In the Soviet era food was used by Soviet authorities to implement particular political ideas, provided as a reward, or denied as a punishment. The state was involved right down to designing the kitchens where people ate.
Now in the postsocialist era people are still using food as a conduit for political values, to express themselves as Russians and as members of a new economic society. I find it fascinating.
RL: What attracted you to editorship of the journal?
MLC: I’ve always turned to Gastronomica for commentary that’s really interesting, both the scholarly articles and more popular pieces. We’re at a moment in Food Studies where there are so many different things going on in very different directions. Gastronomica has a really important role to play.
From a personal perspective I’ve been an author and edited special issues and collected volumes, and the editorship came at a time when I felt the challenge would be really exciting. It offers me the opportunity to be right in the thick of these exciting changes. This is a real moment of creativity in the field. There are so many conversations and ideas that are just starting to talk to one another.
RL: Why is now a great time to subscribe to Gastronomica?
MLC: Food studies is becoming increasingly interdisciplinary; there are new points of intersection of the different fields. People in Chemistry and Digital Arts might be exploring similar themes but from different perspectives. We want to pull together these ideas and publish the best research and be involved in exciting, provocative conversations.
RL: What are the important elements of the journal that you’ll be keeping?
MLC: I think it’s really important to say that Gastronomica will stay the same more than it will change. I want to keep the pleasurable aspects of the journal: the aesthetically and intellectually stimulating pieces and beautiful language and imagery. We want to build on its strengths and keep providing provocative and creative pieces that introduce readers to new arguments.
Over time we’ll be expanding the scholarly research articles, creating a place for Food Studies that captures the best in scholarship. There will also be a broader international focus that brings in the world outside North America and Europe. This is partly in response to the fact that there is an explosion of scholarly work in this area, work which will be really interesting to readers of Gastronomica.
RL: Is there anything coming up in 2013 that you’d like to highlight so librarians and readers don’t miss out?
MLC: Later in the year, do look out for an interview with Marian Nestle on the 10th anniversary of her bookFood Politics. Its influence on scholars’ thinking about food, the state, and nutritional policy is unmatched: it really is one of the titles that put Food Studies on the map and we can’t wait to get her views 10 years on.
We’re also putting together a special issue on critical nutrition. A new wave of scholars are thinking about nutrition and nutritional science, and this special issue of Gastronomica comes from a recent workshop. The collection of essays will recreate the conversations between the workshop participants. It’s exciting to be experimenting with some different ways of publishing those discussions.
RL: I know that academics never really rest, but when you do get a chance to have some time off what do you like to get up to?
MLC: Well, I have a 2 year old who’s in love with her toddler kitchen, so there are a lot of tea parties and plastic ice cream sundaes in my house at the moment. We’ve got a lot of well-fed bears!
I also foster coonhounds, working with a national rescue group to give them forever homes. They’re just lovely; big, loud, noisy, goofy dogs.
I like to sneak off sometimes and go wine tasting – we live in California after all. And being professionally involved in Food Studies doesn’t stop me from enjoying cooking and eating. I have a recipe box created by my mother, with old family recipes. It’s full of old file cards where the splatters tell you which the most popular recipes are. That’s where I turn when I feel the need for some real comfort food., A different list of the ten best ice cream stores including Dennis' Sundae School.  http://t.co/6JYtKx1Ijk, During MIT's reunion rendezvous an ex-scooper and her husband visited.  They now live in Hong Kong and suggested we open a store there.  

Years ago there was a craze for Hong Kong movies and working with Garo Nighosian I showed many films produced by Hong Kong's feverish movie industry.  These films are everything I know about Hong Kong except for a few pages from a James/Jan Morris travel book.  

These movies were not a good basis for cultural understanding but they did stand me in good stead one summer evening in Central Square.  

I was driving a scooper to her home when a guy deliberately walked in front of my car.  I didn't accelerate to hit him or scare him but neither did I come to a stop.  I was eating a cookie while driving and came to a red light.  I looked in my rear-view mirror and saw the same guy running down the striped line in the middle of Mass Avenue.  Suddenly he was next to the driver's window and shouting, "You almost hit me fucker!"  And he started punching.  

I had gotten interested in Hong Kong movies while studying Tai Kwon Do at Cambridge's Dance Complex and soon found myself in Boston's Pagoda Theater, the only white guy watching Armor of God.  Tai kwon Do is lots of practice followed by more practice.  I reflexively blocked his first punches, which impressed me, but I was seat-belted in the seat and figured eventually he would hit me.  Thinking back to all the movies I had seen, where ANYTHING can be a weapon, I realized that the chocolate chip cookie could be dangerous.  I made a special effect sound and wrist-snapped the cookie at him.  All Hong Kong movie fans can make special effect sounds.  He jumped back.  Maybe he also watched Hong Kong movies and thought it was a throwing star.  He squealed and then exclaimed, "Its a cookie!  Its only a cookie."  He resumed punching me and I resumed blocking his punches with a clever medley of inside blocks and outside blocks.  Finally the light changed to green and I drove away.  The scooper let out a deep breath and said, "Did all that really happen?"

"Yes it did," I calmly said.  

Our Tai Kwan Doteacher repeatedly told us not to get in fights outside the school but students would often tell the teacher and class about altercations that could have ended in movie-worthy choreography.  But this was too stupid.  I never told anyone., Walking the streets in Cambridge.  I was on Broadway not far from Broadway Bicycle when a friendly bicyclist approached, a big guy with the beard of a prophet, "Hey, Gus.  It's me, Cave Dave.  Do you remember me?  I was a friend of Eli."  How many people do you know named Cave Dave?  And how many people like Eli P. Kurtz do you know?  His business card said "Knowledgeable in Some Matters."  It was like Paladin's card in Have Gun Will Travel.

Eli and Cave Dave must have been Tikkun readers because they were always repairing things:  after hours at Broadway Bicycle or on the streets of Cambridge if a car was involved.

Like a lot of people in this neighborhood repairing things often means improving things.  I would always look above the Broadway Bicyle building to see if anything was hovering or zipping away.  

Then this morning I was on Mass. Avenue near Simon's when I saw the manager of Cambridge Bicycle walking purposefully to work.  After the first time I saw him walking down Mass. Ave. I asked him why he didn't ride to work and he said he spent enough time working on bicycles.  He appreciated the alternative pedestrian activity.  Jiro doesn't always dream of sushi., Tom Welch is our Pond Hockey correspondent & guide to punk-metal scene. So whenever the Bruins get to the finals we revive his Stanley Chip., We're making Tommy Welch's Stanley Chip today.  It will be available tomorrow but only in a cup.  A Stanley Cup.  Hah!, Eugene Mirman discusses working at Toscanini's and Pu Pu Hot Pot and his favorite flavors.  http://t.co/QAB9qN1hnb  Which we still make., Double rainbow outside the store. What does it mean? Probably that ice cream is awesome. http://t.co/LVWRROrOBj, Wednesday night flavors. http://t.co/WcwKz85w2e, Sa June 15 is Squeezebox Slam in Somahville.  http://t.co/dfKlYrEiBa  Maybe Nino and Joey will revive their act from community auditions., Fresh from Here Comes the Boom, our own Alex Aroyan will be starring in The Equalizer with Denzel Whasthisname., Working on Charred Vanilla Bean and Roasted Strawberry.  Hmmm.  Months ago I had charred pineapple at Strip T's and didn't follow up on it., New Central Sq. Farmers' Market on Sidney Street.  We 3P>7P.  This is getting to be like living in Iowa., Buried in this story about an Emile Griffith opera premiering in St. Louis is a surprising narrative that resonates.  http://t.co/8srUaaeRGz, New privacy settings courtesy of  Marie Campbell http://t.co/GzYeecKZbz, stone fruit is on it's last tub! get it while you can! http://t.co/OckifKFBXf, Dr. Jenny White of BU on what is happening in Turkey.  http://t.co/gOAnBx1Zkv, Rain has caused A Taste of Cambridge to reschedule from Thursday, June 13  to Tuesday, June 18, Flavors for a rainy day dance party http://t.co/JQsvymgcUh, do YOU know what a stone fruit is? drop by, ask for a sample and see if you can figure it out! http://t.co/gAI2Wubq8u, Central Square seen through the blue eyes of Robert Winters.  http://t.co/Zlba7PbhTV, Zaijian Pu Pu.  After 18 years Pu Put Hot Pot has closed.  Marc and Patty will open a new restaurant in the same location called Dumpling Room.  We will discover the literal translation of the Chinese words.  "Celestial Dumplings for waiguoren"?, Khoi Vinh on why window air conditioning remains bad.  http://t.co/W6cX2QoUhT  I actually think there has been slight improvement., Stanley Chip was last made in 2011, under Tommy's direction.  Honey-tumeric with chocolate chips and almonds.  It returns this week., All Star Fathers' Day at  Taza Chocolate with Formaggio BBQ and Pretty Things beer.  https://t.co/964EC1nDjQ, The Childrens' Museum at 100.  http://t.co/kOngx9KAaw, MIT reunion ended with Maureen Fahey and daughter, Maggie. New flavor request is Rainbow unicorn.  But no lemon or grapefruit., RT @benwurgaft: goodbye Number One Scholar Special Eating Place (Pu Pu Hot Pot, Cambridge, MA) @tosci @merrycorkywhite @vaughn_tan, Thursday is Taste of Cambridge!  http://t.co/S88sgdTh8X, Pu Pu closed!.  What the hell.  

Our neighbor on the corner of Columbia Street and Main has closed.  It will reopen as the Dumpling Room.

I will always remember the first day Pu Pu opened after the Kinko's copy place had closed.

When I stopped to meet the new neighbors I found the very attractive Patty Chen singing alone, to Mandarin Karaoke on a big television.  She sang with great style and conviction, practicing for Taiwan Has Talent! 

I watched in awe, thinking about the time a woman in New jersey had once demonstrated her singing voice by singing "I Don't Know Hot to Love Him".  We were in a living room in Montclair, NJ.  

Eventually Patty's song ended and I introduced myself.  She said she owned the new restaurant which was called Pu Pu Hot Pot.  I asked her why since they didn't sell Mongolian hot pots and if the words Pu Pu evoked anything it was a Polynesian drinks with parasols.  

Chinese restaurants usually have a Chinese name that is not a literal translation of the English name.  I asked her what the Chinese name was.  After showing surprise that I knew this Celestial secret she proudly told me that the Chinese name could be translated as Number One Scholar Special Eating Place.  "Wow," I thought.  "That's a great name," I said.  And I wasn't being sarcastic.  it was a name with a bit of whimsy, but Patty rejected my counsel.  "You're wrong," she said, rejecting my years of living  quietly in America and my hours in the Pagoda Theater watching Hong Kong movies.

Pu Pu never sold Mongolian hot pots but they did sell lots of dumplings and many people at Toscanini's bought them.  Chris Myers, husband of Joanne Chang and co-owner of Mysers and Chang told me that he thought Pu Pu was sometimes the best Chinese restaurant in Boston and sometimes the worst.  It depended on who was cooking.  He always looked for Patty's mother to be in the kitchen.  

Patty and her husband Marc Shulman also own All Asia, on Mass. Ave.,  across the street.  Dumpling Room will open where Pu Pu was located and All Asia is being displaced to Prospect Street where it will appear under a new name., The Poop is closed.  Our neighbor Pu Pu Hot Pot is closed and is being renovated.  The Dumpling Room will open soon., Will Gilson of Puritan in Inman Square was at the Central Sq. Farmers' Market.  New Monday menu is based on market availability., Tomrorow, Tuesday night, Sari Boren will be reading at Four Stories  http://t.co/claU4wSbZ8  Middleex 6P>8P., Half an hour until Central Sq. Farmers' Market opens.  Get your overalls and come over., I love the sociology of BBQ but prefer the stuff in Saveur:  Turkish and Japanese grilling.  Australia, too., You have to spend as much time with Texas Monthly BBQ issue as you would with The Economist or an English music mag like Uncut or Q., Dave Saslav was in for reunion.  He bought a copy of the book, Nightwork, about MIT hacks.  The book includes a photo he didn't know existed that shows the Green Earth Sciences building at night when the office lights had been arranged to spell "Go Sox."  Dave pulled down a shade and altered the message to "Go Suck."  

Still puckish after all these years.

We had material scientists and Wellesley grads and people from Napa.  I'm terrible with names but good with other memories.  One woman wanted Cinnamon, which was her favorite flavor in 1983.  Emily made some yesterday and the graduate got her flavor today.  Another economist wanted Kenyan Khulfee but he'll have to wait., Patni went to Cambridge Hospital for something small.  When she was checking in with her information the person said, "Oh you work at Toscanini's.  I love the Grape Nut, Rum Raisin and Mango."  Patni said "You must be from the islands."  "I am!," said the woman.  "West Indians love Toscanini's.  You almost always have flavors from home."

Years ago I was at Cambridge Hospital's Emergency Room, at 3AM, covered in blood from a bloody nose that wouldn't stop, but looking like a serial killer or the possible survivor of God Knows What.  I gave my name and then where I work.  Without looking up the young black woman said, "You never have Grape Nut ice cream"  I said, "If you stop this nosebleed I will bring you Grape Nut."  She did and I did., The Globe Magazine has an article on ice cream sandwiches.  They had great ones at Journeyman., Sunday, sunny, and sprinkles! Or jimmies what so you call. http://t.co/VyLuam6DY6, come check out our new ginger peach (and one of our ice cream maker's thumb)! http://t.co/HlkLXwru40, Great article via our brother Joe Rancatore, Sally Sampson is a famous cookbook author, in fact she is Watertown's most famous food writer and editor,  and the editor of Chop Chop, "the fun cooking magazine for families."  ChopChop won a James Beard Award.  We got our new issue and went right to work.  

There is a Cherry Berry Smoothie recipe that will resonate into our futures, probably with changes before it becomes a Toscanini's ice cream or sorbet flavor.

The recipe calls for milk, yogurt, fresh raspberries and fresh cherries, pitted dates,  and ice cubes.  We used Stonyfield No Fat Plain Yogurt because they support Chop Chop and other good causes.  

The smoothie was great but I confess to having added 2 teaspoons of sugar to the recipe.  Don't tell Sally.  Don't tell Mom., The Fourth of July is the busiest day of the year.  And we plan for it the way Macy's plans for Thanksgiving.  We try to assemble an all-star cast of scoopers, some left-handed, some right-handed.  Everyone has to be available to work on this day.  We discuss what flavors to serve.  Shall we serve Grape Nut or Grape Nut Raisin?  Saffron Orange Khulfee or Cardamom Khulfee?  How many boozy flavors should we serve?  

I think that the people who run the big Fourth of July celebration meet 51 weeks a year.  They have incredible communication setups and snipers on roofs and ambulances pre-positioned.  We will have French Vanilla, Belgian Chocolate, Coffee, Cookie Dough, two sorbets and more.  

The people who organize the Marathon, the Head of the Charles, the Honk Festival and the CRASH-B indoor rowing regatta put in similar schedules.  We don't work that hard but we hope to be ready for all hell breaking loose after the final firework. We get to watch the fireworks on Main Street, in front of the store. The night quiets, smoke lingers like the painting of a 19th century sea battle and then..., Went out to Colorado where the mountains and residents' level of fitness can be intimidating.   Half the residents are climbers and have over-developed upper bodies and the other half are insane bicyclists who train by riding over the Continental Divide.  They have dumbfounding lower bodies.  If the groups mate they will create a eugenic population of comic book heroes and eco-activists.  

Denver is a mile high.  Everywhere we visited was higher.  We were in Boulder and Estes Park.  Wherever I go, I eat ice cream or get to eat ice cream.  Or must eat ice cream.  Boulder's most famous ice cream is Glacier.  They are famous for being very "green."  The ice cream had very good texture.  None of the flavors were surprising but it was surprising to hear that Birthday Cake is one of their most popular flavors.  Birthday Cake is Mexican Vanilla (as Amy's calls it) or Cake Batter (as we call it), with rainbow jimmies in it.  It reminded me a cake from Foodmaster, that you imagine a working mother would buy for her family.  

In Estes Park we found a small store with Salty Caramel and Guinness!  Guinness works well as a flavor for many desserts.  It is so sweet!  But it is always a surprise to find it in a store far from a population of West Indians.  Guinness is very popular in Trinidad and I didn't hear any soca or Mighty Sparrow while I was counting elk and marmots., The Penguins!  The Penguins?  We have a new ice cream maker who loves hockey and hates Crosby.  Everyone hates Crosby.  Jeez.

In defense of western Pennsylvania sport I must mention one of our first best customers.  Jerry was an MIT student and programmer who loved hockey and really loved The Penguins.  Jerry and my brother Joe would plot busy weekends where they would see two to four Penguin games, maybe more games than the Penguin owners.  They would drive south to Philadelphia and then head north for a game with the Jersey Devils.  Into NYC for the Rangers and out to Long Island.  Maybe a game in Hartford with the much lamented Whalers.  Jerry loved the Penguins so much that they were a reason for his returning to Pittsburgh.  Lucky city, lucky team., Stems from infusing herbs in ice cream., The embattled head of Cambridge's American Academy edited a book, Restoring Trust in American Business. http://t.co/XOg9TxAkWt, Chuck McDermott & Wheatstraw reunion at Johnny D's.  Tonight 730PM.  With The Roads Scholars.  http://t.co/TnJ7PtJQNO, We're an ice cream store in Cambridge so the Globe's article on Summer in The City is interesting.  http://t.co/yGx7FvLO0A, Steve Solomon's poster for Steve Solomon art show here at 899 Main St http://t.co/jPToAuyiG3, I've been looking for a Whole Foods ad with multi-colored ice cream cone. I don't like Oreos but this is very good.  http://t.co/u0SLWGtVTa, This is thoughtlessly offensive, sort of like people who still use the term "Paddy Wagon."  I think a cracker is a rural southerner.  Maybe its use is affectionate but I checked with our Florida rep and he shook his head., Jill Wohl and Tara are re-united and on the loose in Cambridge.  We have Jill's Butter Chocolate Chip and Burnt Caramel., A group form BU's Masters in Advertising program is here, gathering info and interviewing people.  They asked people "If you were an ice cream flavor which one would you be?"  

I said, "I've eaten so much chocolate chip and cookie dough that I should be one of those flavors."  But if I had to be a flavor I might choose Raspberry Red Pepper Sorbet or Roxbury Puddingstone."  

Raspberry Red Pepper is a time consuming flavor.  First we roast peppers, then we rub them and seed them.  Cook them in an oven at a low temperature for two hours.  Puree and sieve.  At this point you can take time to eat the wonderful stuff that does not get through the sieve.  Eventually you combine the Red Pepper Pure with Raspberry Pure.  Great flavor from Pierre Herme ., If you were any of tonight's flavors which would you be? http://t.co/jrqA9lzCe6, congrats #MIT2013 ! now don't forget to bring your families to share in the joy you've experienced for years! http://t.co/u2b2HjsizG, Its graduation day at MIT.  It never rains at Graduation and today's evidence supports that theory., New York mag is the bible of suburban moms: "The only way to beat 90-degree heat is to eat a shit-ton of ice cream.", Fat Tony, Anthony Lawson Jude Ifeanyichukwu Obiawunaotu redeems Houston rap.  http://t.co/CDhgPKIZQ4, When you leave home there is no shame.  Finally had a doughnut breakfast sandwich from DD.  Eh.  Staff is very tentative about this.  $3.52, Boys and their CNC machines. Two MIT grads decided not to watch old episodes of MacGyver. They're using a CNC machine to make knife handles., Idea to post photo of former scooper because "we need a spirit animal in store.", Boston is a bad town for preservation and no one likes Kallman McKinnell buildings … so  http://t.co/Iu1EbbcR65, It is June and time to start planning for Mid Cambridge Neighborhood Association Fourth of July Ice Cream Picnic.  June 26!, Scooperstar Jesse Posner cruised in from Texas.  Famous Long Ago., We're waiting for Jill Wohl.  Crowds are gathering.  We have packed excellent Burnt Caramel and are making more Butter Chocolate Chip., Everyone was having a bad time at DIA McD's but the Cool Chilli Chicken sandwich was good, even impressive.  Skipped the fries., San Bellino is a great barista, whether he's surfing, skateboarding or pedaling his coffee tricycle.  http://t.co/zOXh6wyOab, We get dry ice from Savenor's/Acme Ice.  We used some to deliver ice cream to the Pam Ikegami/Rick Roth wedding in New Hampshire., Big Gay Ice Cream Truck isn't on this list of new flavors for summer.  http://t.co/PeAeo8z9jl, I think bicyclists in Colorado can ride along the shoulder of interstate highways.   Wow. Armed Mass. troopers are not safe on the Turnpike., My co-pilot claims to have seen a bike lane on the Interstate approaching Denver International.  That can't be, can it?, I'm in the wrong time zone, the wrong zip code and just the wrong place.  Amy's Trick Olympics. Tonight!  https://t.co/N5wKpdydK5, Flavors tonight. What looks tasty? http://t.co/gkcRNsyLGU, Pepsi Next Paradise Mango will not go global.  Tastes like a leftover glass of everything drank while watching NCAA's, It's Monday night and these are what we got right now. Come on by! http://t.co/7b2mNh92Ef, it's #springcleaning and we're having a freezer serviced today. half the flavors but still just as much fun! http://t.co/2l9fJ2K2nZ, Flavors for the final heat wave hours. http://t.co/J8aC2Tczjr, Hot sundae. Here are our flavors! http://t.co/ZmJVg94GYT, Flavors right now! http://t.co/RV588Ho9fD, What else to say. Hot hot hot. http://t.co/cVhnVxEQaE, Fridayyy flavors! Come cool off. http://t.co/JGRKPFfXts, Someone should write a check to get these guys on the road.  http://t.co/syGCufm8rs, Laura Farleyfound this.  What your state is good at and what your state is bad at.  http://t.co/1wJGJABf8H, MIT Professor JoAnne Stubbe got an honorary degree from Harvard which described her as working at the school in Cambridge near Toscanini's, Monica Glass of Clio and Uni is one of Food & Wine's Best New Pastry chefs http://t.co/hZoWhUEkUl, We are waiting for Oprah.  Patiently., Jack Vance dead at 96.  http://t.co/IrYIGAOOaq, Helen Epstein on nazi's and naziism.  http://t.co/fDKHKx0NFr  In the New Yorker.  Yes, The New Yorker., The thunder never came. Here's what we got right now. http://t.co/RJqw9ZtGFa, "Focus on why everything being built in Boston is so mediocre"  http://t.co/kHvbXcewmK, Got to go to a happy wedding in NH and hear Roy Sludge Trio.  Got a good t-shirt too.  http://t.co/dNYwOgTLDj, Contrary advice for graduates from a teacher at Showa  http://t.co/YhiUNRCPkH, George Packer on The Unwinding at Brattle We May 29 7P FREE  http://t.co/EtjyvM9WCr, The dress uniform of the Maine Warden Sevice makes 'em look very RCMP.  https://t.co/ObtyL8KfFQ, Last night's meal at Journeyman was full of excellent surprises.  Just perfect., Blackberry Rosemary from Emily and Rochester., "I am a snob but I don't want to sound like a snob."  http://t.co/kyVrZbSJro  Anthony Bourdain of course., This is like Rotten Tomatoes for ice cream.  http://t.co/L8QyUyLTDN  New B&J flavor, Liz Lemon, gets a "C"., Alex is breaking up the the thin mints; Lawrence is ready to break your heart! http://t.co/XpmhJVGial, Lemon Blueberry vs Liz Lemon http://t.co/AN8ItNpoSR Part 1, Despite Astro Boy costumes Ian Condry and Marco Werman find each other at Anime Conference. http://t.co/RGebICTUVR, It's a long weekend, it's beautiful out, come get some ice cream! Here are our flavors this Memorial Day. http://t.co/7o4EXtBTGD, We fixed him up though. http://t.co/VEQ5vwk5hQ, New Steve Solomon art show up and on the walls., Blue skies and sunshine.  I had to put on sunglasses to leaves the house., New England is not exactly a cornucopia at this time of year but the Central Sq. Farmers' Market is open today., Baby Dyke weekend in Ptown is over. Bear weekend is later this season. The Anime Festival is safely past.  Let's relax until accordion fest., the sun's finally out! drop by and bring your appetite! http://t.co/DPnprblzoM, I was trying to make a version of Raspberry Red Pepper with more of a red pepper taste.  Oops.  I ended up making sorbet and it was great, I think The Globe Magazine's long "froyo" story by Daniel McGinn gets it right.  Including the long-gone Spa in H2  http://t.co/KioHlIcG2O, No more rain! Come by for some of these. http://t.co/5r7rutuRMR, Breakfast in the North End with My Pet Shark.  Every Sunday we visit one cafe or another, somewhere in metro Boston, with My Pet Shark.  The life changes have been coming fast and frequently.  Now he almost always drink chai and our Sunday mornings are cut short by an 1130AM yoga class.  Neither would have been predicted by anyone who knew him when growing up or serving in the Navy.  Honest to God.  We also prefer a place that is quiet but that's almost impossible to find.   This morning we raced off to Lee Napoli's long-awaited cafe in the North End, Bread & Butter.  

Lee Napoli is a famous pastry chef and teacher.  She has a small wonder in the South End called Chocolee.  I have been told that Chocolee will continue.

Bread and Butter is at the end of Salem Street, in a location that was previously Caffe Graffiti's.  It also faces the Kennedy Greenway, which seems to have been inspired by the InterGerman Border that once divided Berlin.  

The surprises are how good Napoli's baking is because Chocolee emphasizes her otherworldly chocolates.  And Bread and Butter has found a bunch of solicitous and energetic front of the house workers.  I think Bread and Butter may have the best ham and cheese croissant in the city.   The croissant is compact and dense with ingredients.  Excellent.  There was also an apple-cheese croissant and a jumbo cinnamon bun.  The breakfast sandwich is available without meat or a choice of ham, bacon or sausage.  Its a large sandwich, perhaps too big but delicious.  

But they don't yet sell chai., Memorial Day weekend! Don't wait till tomorrow when it's sunny. http://t.co/NHGg3MDdRN, Saturday. Cool and rainy. Inside is warm and flavorful. http://t.co/qWrgWD3GPw, rainy day flavors... if you dare... http://t.co/IXjUvzTsBx, Friday flavors. Tonight is already a blur of excitement. http://t.co/JrXYKVNHhw, Just made first version of Raspberry Red Pepper ice cream.  I'm happy.  Onward & upward.  Scalable Technology., Thursday flavors are so hot they're cold. http://t.co/8lg5fFS14f, Sycamore in Newton has a lot of great food.  Ricotta ravioli with peas and pistachios is special.  A new take on spring., Harvey is the name of B Good's truck.  They will be parked near the Harvard Coop giving awake shakes until 4PM.  Today., It's Baby Dyke weekend in PTown and The Nut House is waiting with a lot of good ice cream., I loved Carmine Infantino's work.  http://t.co/7fFXXYYypq, Steve Solomon found this appreciation of Alex Toth, a great cartoonist and unpleasant man.  http://t.co/jbqASveyuC, Photo by Alexander Aroyan.  Print by Kurt of Service Point in Cambridge., We have these now. Plus Raoul's whip cream, best described as spectral. Come by. http://t.co/OBaqbLOQ2R, My father worked for years in the New York clothing business.  Today we went to the Coolidge to see "Scatter My Ashes at Bergdorf Goodman."  My Dad loved the film.

I thought it was long, although only 90 minutes,  and would have been improved with a little more commentary about luxury retailing.  Like almost all movies it would have benefited from better editing.  

My father said that everyone at the store was difficult including the customers and the owners.  He also said that the owning family had a rooftop apartment overlooking Central Park which was interesting to hear about.

Once an uncle sent me to Bergdorf's to get a haircut.  Possibly the best haircut I've ever gotten.  Afterwards I slept carefully and avoided showers.  But it was a very temporary solution to what the same uncle described as my usual haircut that was worthy of a Sicilian bandit.  I still have a beautiful dress shirt that I bought while in college.  And the shirt fabric is still gorgeous., Judson is my favorite barista.  After a trip to Japan he is now at Barismo!, Its hard to complain about customers in a productive way.  http://t.co/V7XqBbNQrG  But in private people do., I am a little confused by Boston Magazine's Battle of the Burger webpage.  I thought I was okay with the internet.  Maybe web design's worse, Power problems delay opening of Central Sq. H Mart until winter.  http://t.co/Kn46gtSjJ0, Cold and no rain yet! http://t.co/cr85aJFdMU, This took longer to get to market than expected but I remember first seeing it at the Course 2 party.  http://t.co/Ab7WEWRw3l, We're selling Berry White.  "Can't get enough.", Rain has stopped. Flavors haven't. Is that a bird? Come find out. http://t.co/LwMwfaIS71, B Good and Bon Me both had fires in their commissaries., On my way to work 2 people said they thought Lemon Burnt Caramel was a misuse of both lemons and Burnt Caramel.  Uh oh., OMG Summer School has started and we had an anthropology class from Boston University in for lunch.  The class is studying Boston and the city's foodways.  We discussed ice cream flavors as an example of food studies.  

Some of the customers laughed when they saw note on th big table saying "Reserved for 1230P Anthropology Class" but then a few were jealous when
we tried traditional Syrian ice cream and a flavor made with Kaya from Singapore., What is Berry White?  The flavor, that is.  Guys know what it is without being told.  Its White Chocolate and Raspberry.  What anthropologist has written about Barry White's persistent and enduring stature as a pop culture icon?    Maybe Dion could do a song about Al Green, Barry White and Obama?  Why is the equally talented Teddy Pendergass not so venerated?, Aaron W. got to make his first early morning delivery to The Nut House in PTown.  The main street closes at 9AM so you have to get there early and that means leaving here very early.  Going down is usually easy and can be pretty.  The sun is rising and you are driving against the inbound traffic and then you're away from the metropolitan area and over the bridge.   The Cape is such a narrow landmass that it truly has distinctive light reflected off the bay on one side and the ocean on the other.  You arrive in PTown as the early morning people are cleaning up and drinking coffee.  At this point it is important not to make a mistake and eat a big breakfast.  You will not be able to drive back to Cambridge.   Perhaps a brief swim in the ocean would be the best thing to do but we don't have those kind of drivers.  

The Nut House is ready., Before it rain. http://t.co/Xnz9OpcL48, Aaron and Mimi on the cape delivering to the nut house.  Foggy, cool still pretty, flavs for the last hour! get 'um while it's ... cold??? http://t.co/lo5CFSEVSd, 1.  No one at Restaurat Depot is playing WZBC world music.  Classic rock all the time including Marshall Tucker's sweet guitars.

I am one of the only people who go to Restaurant Depot who does not own a Red Sox hoodie.  People with turbans hav Sox clothing as do people with traditional Islamic clothing.  One day a guy was dressed as a gaucho because he worked at an Argentine steak house.  It was cold so he had his Sox hoodie.  

People who make poutine and dress as Mounties look pretty good in their Sgt. Preston hats and the red sweatshirts are close to RCMP uniforms.  

This is like being Seth Rogin in Square Pegs or Freaks and Geeks or any of a hundred such productions.  

Restaurnt Depot used to be in Chelsea but the new larger building is actually in Everett.  The extraordinarily large Market Basket IS in Chelsea and I was not surprised to find several new Triscuit flavors that reflect what admissions officers call the growing diversity of America.  We promise not to use these for anything but salty snacks.

Brown Rice with Red Bean.
Brown Rice with Sweet Potato
Brown Rice with Tomato & Sweet Basil. 

They're all good enough for watching tv.  The Brown Rice and Red Bean is the best.  We're on a rocket to the future., Not going to MIT nor being a 16 year old Otaku I cannot figure out how to print Event Brite tickets.  I suspect I am not the only one., Remember what Brooklyn was like?  Been there lately?  New development for our intersection, Lafayette Square. http://t.co/9tt4MGnxmM, Harvey Mansfield not unexpected and not unjustified take on Bowdoin and its curriculum.  http://t.co/xqJVwF0Z0V, Someone is switching radio station buttons in my car but WZBC's Transworld Airwaves was a wonderful way to bop in to work., Get out your bibbed overalls. The Central Sq. Farmers' Market returns today., Sunday pm flavors. http://t.co/tfUtOzUX80, very good car ride withWZBC's Juvert Jams.  Who cares about traffic?  http://t.co/NxtZjahuej, Flunking out of gelato university  http://t.co/C2RX69lIXo  from Dr. Vaughn., Vaughn Tan's where-to-eat map of Cambridge.  https://t.co/UIroIemlZO, My nose and my throat.  I have spent the beginning of allergy season feeling lucky.  Every year is different and 2013 seemed to be about itchy eyes.  Then last night after midnight I felt the allergy express pull in.  At 4AM I awoke with a terrible sore throat.  I read TheAtlantic.com for two hours before falling asleep.  Right now the only thing that works is Black and Blue Sorbet.  I'm on my second cup.  Thank goodness for a walk-in freezer full of sorbets., Sorry a bit late this morning.  With that said: http://t.co/SpeZruxWFi, Together Festivl presents a movie about Modeselelektor  @ MFA 1230P.  Love these guys.  http://t.co/729uaWT3Dm, Another World's Fair including Together EDM Festival and Cambridgeport Open Studios (CAOS) are today.  BU graduation too., Flava Flavs for a wicked cool Saturday night. http://t.co/5GMAuuZBGx, Not only do we have to make ice cream for Cambridge, but we have to make ice cream for Provincetown's The Nut House.  Any part of spring is nice on the Cape but next weekend begins real summer and we have been busy making Coffee Ice Cream Sandwich, Cookie Dough, Hydrox Cookie, Goat Cheese Brownie and a dozen more flavors., This is a mad weekend in Central Square, or Piazza Centrale as Steve Solomon renamed it.  BU graduation is the biggest deal but it is also Cambridgeport Open Studios, as well as Another World's Fair which involves part of the Together Festival's celebration of electronic dance music.  The day began with the Sweet Ride, which was supposed to involve 250 bicyclists touring the city's dessert spots.  Robert Winters was either Santa or an animated Totoro float in this perambulating ride of a Macy's parade.   There looked to be a thousand bicyclists as they wheeled through Lafayette Square and a car grew increasingly agitated with the number of bicyclists.  After a lot of honking he heaved through the intersection trying to intimidate bicyclists when suddenly a Cambridge bicycle cop appeared and stopped right in front of his rent a wreck.  Relying on his uniform and command presence and a measure of exasperated anger he restored order as certainly as Sgt. Preston ever did on the old tv series, Canada's Very Cold Cops.  Hooray.  

Winters survived all ordeals and appeared on Sidney Street -on foot- with former mayor Denise Simmons and Central Sq. newsie, Saul Tannenbaum., 2 more hours of Another World's Fair on Sidney Street, mashed up with Together music festival.  Food, music, dnce and schmoozing.  Come by, WSJ on coffee in Vietnam.  http://t.co/N5MGh46dZJ  They have to read Coffee Life in Japan., The Herald says Pavement and Simon's have the best iced coffee.  http://t.co/7yIZLZdvIq We must redouble our efforts., Bridge water state graduate  today !  Here is what they could eat http://t.co/UPjV6BxG2J, TGIF! This is what we've got right now. http://t.co/yscsnqQFlA, Holy cow.  After 33 years, which is not the record, one of our best customers is graduating from MIT!  This calls for a special flavor., Know what a "supermarket friend" is?  Sound like an Urban Dictionary term.  When I heard Mark Hessler talk about Princess Diana being his "supermaket friend" my ears began to compulsively twitch.  A "supermarket friend" is a public figure whose life you follow by reading People and Us, or in Chelsea,  People en Espanol.  My best supermakret friend was Princess Caroline of Monaco, who has vanished into some Eurofog of middle class dullness.  Someone else suggested that Kim Kardashian was a supermarket friend but I don't think so.  Certainly not my supermarket friend., A win for everyone. Tommy  scored!  Or did tosci? http://t.co/iZ31DvNLsN, TGIF. Here's our flavors... http://t.co/PxldJakgNm, The Angel's Share is not the first movie directed by Ken Loach to have subtitles even though he works in English.  Went to see this tonight, on its last night before being replaced by Pauly Shore's new Star Trek film.  Saw the film with four other people.  This is not necessarily an advantage.  Years ago I saw Dirty Rotten Scoundrels by myself on Boylston Street.  Later I saw it a second time in a crowded theater of happy people.  It was still a bad movie but the experience was difference.  Lots of good things in this movie, which scored high on Rotten Tomatoes' survey of urban gardeners.  But..., Some ideas on where to eat after Boston University's graduation.  

Very few of the good things in Boston can be found in Boston.  And most of the good things in Cambridge are not to be found in expensive nor not-so-interesting Harvard Square.  Harvard Square has lots of ATM’s and a burrito joint on every corner.  if Banco de Mexico opened a branch that sold burritos they would fit in perfectly.  

Graduation weekends are crazy times for Boston restaurants.  Everyone wants to eat at the same time, although they often have unreasonable ideas of how long it takes to get from one place to another.   Some restaurants do not take reservations more than a month in advance so don’t fib about the reservation you forgot to make.  


The numbers for addresses on Mass. Ave. change every time you enter a new town.  The street runs through Boston, Cambridge, Arlington, Lexington...  

CLOSE TO BOSTON UNIVERSITY

CLIO  Chef Ken Oringer’s great restaurant in the Hotel Eliot, at the corner of Mass. Ave. and Commonwealth Avenue
370 Commonwealth Ave  Boston, MA 02215
(617) 536-7200
www.cliorestaurant.com

ASTA  A new restaurant at 91 Mass. Avenue near Commonwealth.  The name evokes the dog in the Thin Man series of movies but also refers to owners Chef Alex Crabbe and Sheesh Parseghian.  Prix fixee menus of 3 courses, 5 courses, and 7 courses.  Superb new food. 
47 Massachusetts Avenue
Boston, Mass. 02115
617) 585-9575
http://www.astaboston.com

Petit Robert Bistro

There are two Petit Robert Bistros that are convenient to Boston University.  One is in Kenmore Square and the other is in the South End (not South Boston)  Real French Bistros with real bistro food.  
petitrobertbistro.com






ACROSS THE RIVER IN CAMBRIDGE

Salt
Gabriel Kremer, Food & Wine Best Young Chef
905 Main St.
617 876-8444
www.saltsrestaurant.com

Craigie on Main
Tony Maws, Food & Wine Best Young Chef and James Beard Award winner
Snout to tail, famous for its hamburger and much more.
853 Main St.
617 497-5511
www.craigieonmain.com

The Blue Room
One Kendall Square (which is not near the Kendall Red Line station
617 494-9034
http://www.theblueroom.net/
Belly is their new and wonderful wine bar.

Bon Me
One Kendall Square
Vietnamese food is wonderful.  Its always cheaper in Dorchester but this is very good.  They have a truck somewhere.
http://blog.bonmetruck.com

Rendezvous
Lifetime Achievement Award to Chef Steve Johnson
502 Mass. Ave.
617 576 1900
www.rendezvouscentralsquare.com

Bondir
Jason Bond’s very individual take on farm to fork locavore
279 Broadway
Ste A
Cambridge, MA 02139
617 661-0009
www.bondircambridge.com

Area 4
Michael Leviton takes the turnpike in from Newton’s Lumiere
Very good pizza plus
500 Technology Square
On Main St but the address is disguised with a real estate address that doesn’t tell you much at all.
www.areafour.com/

Catalyst
Bill Kovel from Aujourd’hui in Boston
300 Technology Square
Where your venture capitalist takes to give you good news or very bad news.
Close to Area Four but neither addresse is helpful.  See previous complaint about made-up real estate addresses.  Worse than Tokyo for navigation purposes

Hungry Mother
Southern food, specifically the food of western Virginia, created by a team lead by James Beard nominee
233 Cardinal Medeiros Ave
Kendall Square
Cambridge, Ma. 02141
617.499.0090
http://www.hungrymothercambridge.com/

Bergamot
Keith Pooler’s fine restaurant.  New local American with great desserts.
The corner location is busy with restaurants including the noisy Spanish Dali but no one knows where it is and most people will tell you it is on Kirkland Street in Cambridge.  


118 Beacon St  Somerville, MA 02143
(617) 576-7700
bergamotrestaurant.com



Moksa
Asian fusion mashup, and a club.  
450 Mass. Ave.

Cambridge Brewing Company
Chef David Drew supervises the kitchen.  We make  ice cream for them using their wort.  We sell some at our store.
One Kendall Square
617 494-1494
http://www.cambrew.com/



Central Kitchen
Gary Strack’s hip bistro.  Upstairs is Bricks and Mortar, his hip cocktail joint.
567 Mass. Ave.
617 268-0106
www.enormous.tv/central

Firebrand Saints
Gary’s new restaurant in once-lonely Kendall Square
1 Broadway
617) 401-3399

Meadhall
4 Cambridge Center
617  714-4372
www.themeadhall.com
Beer drinking engineers.  Yes!

Central Bottle
handsome wine store, great cheeses and meats and wonderful small bites inspired by Venetian cichetti.  When Flour is overwhelmed dodge in here.  You will be happy and feel a little smug about getting such good food without waiting.
196 Mass. Ave.
617 225-0040
www.centralbottle.com

Flour
The third bakery from Joanne Chang.  Sandwiches, home-made pop tarts and more.
190 Mass. Ave.
617 225-2525
http://flourbakery.com/

EVOO/ ‘Za
‘Za is the pizza and salad cafe.  EVOO is Patrick McCarthy’s restaurant.  Extra Virgin Olive Oli.
350 Third St.
617 661-3866
www.evoorestaurant.com

Abigail’s
291 Third St.
Cambridge, Massachusetts 02142
617 945-9086
A hip gastropub that just opened across from EVOO and next to Abigail’s.  Part of the group of places that might be traced back to East Coast Grill.
abigailsrestaurant.net


Fuji
303 Third St.
Sushi on a street that suddenly has a lot of people on it.

Miracle of Science
The perfect bar for this quirky neighborhood.  Lots of engineers, labtops for tables and photos of Einstein and Dr. Land.  Good ice cream too.
321 Mass. Ave.
617 868-2866.
www.miracleofscience.us/

Middlesex
The guys from Miracle of Science open a lounge-scene.  
315 Mass. Ave.
617 617 868 MSEX
www.middlesexlounge.com

AFRICAN
Bytes
Hidden down an alley parallel to Sidney Street but not really on Sidney.  Great West African food and American lunches.
64 Sidney st.
617 621-3513


Baraka Cafe
Northern African food.  Best lemonade in the world and much more.
80.5 Pearl St.
617 868-3951
www.barakacafe.com

Asmara Ethiopian
Central Square’s first and third African restaurant.
739 Mass. Ave.
617 617) 864-7447
www.asmararestaurantboston.com

Coffee shops
1369
757 Mass. Ave.
617 576-4600
www.1359coffeehouse.com

Dwelltime
364Broadway
http://dwelltimecambridge.com/
No longer Cambridge’s newest very good coffee shop.  Run from Hi Rise to Dwelltime and then on to Voltage.  You will run very fast and be happy.

Voltage
Another new neighbor in once empty Kendall Sq.  Across from EVOO and next to Abigails.
295 Third  St.
617  714-3974
www.voltagecoffee.com

Simon’s
1736 Mass Ave.
Cambridge, Ma.

Simon’s 2
corner of Mass. Ave. and Dana St.
Cambridge 

Now there are two Simon’s.  The first is between Harvard Square and Porter Square, not far from Harvard Law School, Lesley and the Radcliffe Quad.
Simon’s 2 is between Harvard Sqare and Central Square, across the street from Cambridge College, and for old-timers next to where the Orson Welles used to be.  

Starbucks
Venti and Trenta and singular Panini.  Worst version of Italian language in America.  Worse than the Marx Brothers.
655 Mass. Ave
617
www.

Dunkin Donuts
Munchkins!
Mass. Ave.


Toscanini’s
899 Main St.
617 491-5877
www.tosci.com

ASIAN

Mary Chung’s
Dan Dan noodles for weiguoren MIT engineers.
464 Mass. Ave.
617 864-1991
www.marychung.com

Fuji Sushi
300 Third St.
Kendall Sq. 
Cambridge, Ma.

Royal East
Where parents of Chinese MIT students eat.
792 Main St.
617 661-1660
www.royaleast.com

Pu Pu Hot Pot
The real name is No. 1 Scholar’s Special Eating Place
907 Main St.
617 491-6636
www.pupuchinese.com

All Asia
The Cape Cod League of Boston’s music scene.  Every band plays a few gigs here at the start of their careers.
332 Mass. Ave.
617 497-1544
www.allasiabar.com

Pepper Sky
Thai
20 Pearl St.
617 495-2541
wwww.pepperskys.com

Rangzen Tibetan
24 Pearl St.
617 354-8881
www.rangzenfood.com

Theolonious Monkfish
524 Mass. Ave.
617 441-2116
www.facebook.com/theloniousmonkfish

Thailand Cafe
A great Szechuan restaurant hidden inside a Thai restaurant.
302 Mass. Ave.
617 492-2494

INDIAN
Royal Bengal
313 Mass. Ave.
617) 491-1988

MIDDLE EASTERN FOOD

Middle East
472 Mass. Ave.
617
www.mideastclub.com

Zu Zu
474 Mass. Ave.
617  864 -3278 x 237
www.zuzubar.com

Karl’s Rant@Zu Zu
is the daytime version of Zu Zu with outside seating, brunch and lunch

BURGER CHAINS AND HEROIC BURGERS
Craigie on Main does not like being famous for its burger.  It is famous for many things but the burger is exceptional and a limited number are served.  Rendezvous also has a special burger.  If you wander out to Watertown there is a fabulous burger at Strip T's, amidst many fabulous things.

B. Good
We are prejudiced but this is our favorite burger chain.  They have lots of stores and a great veggie burger.  Very local.  Very friendly.  They use our ice cream.  
http://www.bgood.com/
Their store in Harvard Square is at 
24 Dunster St.

Four Burgers
704 Mass. Ave.
617 441-5444
www.fourburgers.com

McDonald’s 
463 Mass. ave.
Breakfast and McNuggets, too.

PIZZA
Every band eats here, and their fans. Then the fans start their own band.
Hi Fi Pizza & Giant Sub
496 Mass. Ave.
617 492-4600

Cinderella’s
They deliver everywhere, have a big menu, stay open late and sell Toscanini’s.  They’ll deliver Toscanini’s ice cream too.
901 Main St.
617 576-0280
www.cinderellasitalianfood.com

Chicago Pizza
239 Mass. Ave.
617 497 - 5555
www.cambridgepizza.com

GREATER CENTRAL SQUARE

INMAN SQUARE IS WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE, HAS HIDDEN PARKING AND FURTIVE MBTA SERVICE

East Coast Grill
A long-time purveyor of great foods, tons of  casual fun, “aggressively friendly service!”  
1271 Cambridge St.
Cambridge Mass.
617 491-6568
http://eastcoastgrill.net/

East by Northeast
Modern hip Chinese food, locavore
some people think the portions are small and the prices are high.  I don’t care.
1128 Cambridge st.
617 876-0286
http://exnecambridge.com/#&slider1=1

All Star Pizza
Across the street from All Star Sandwiches.  I say this epitomizes straightahead good pizza.
Corner of Prospect St. and Cambridge St.
1238 Cambridge St.
Cambridge, Mass.
617 547-0836
http://www.allstarpizzabar.com/directions.php

Clover Hub
Veggie and vegan food that everyone loves.  And they have Grillo’s Pickels as a neighbor.
1275 Cambridge St.
Cambridge Mass.

http://www.cloverfoodlab.com/?page_id=2248


Tupelo
Elvis was born in Tupelo, MIss.  Its a song by Van Morrison and the name of the chef’s daughter.  A tupelo tree has beautiful flowers and produces great honey.

1193 Cambridge Street
Cambridge, Ma.
617 868-0004
http://tupelo02139.com/

UNION SQ., SOMERVILLE

Over a rise and across some railroad tracks.  Some day the Green Line will arrive and this neighborhood will become special

Meantime there are several very good places to eat.

Casa B.
A worthwhile neighbor for Journeyman, small Colombian and Puerto Rican tapas-style plates in a very designed restaurant
253 Washington St. (which is hard to find but well worth the effort)
617-764-2180
http://www.casabrestaurant.com/


Journeyman
Very avant garde food in a room that looks like something you’d find in Central Berlin or East London.  Try their dessert tasting menu.
9 Sanborn Court
617-764-2180
http://www.journeymanrestaurant.com/

Back Bar is their amazing hole in the wall artisanal cocktail bar.  A new favorite.

Bronwyn
is the latest addition to an impressive node of places to eat, next to Casa B and very close to Journeyman and Back Bar.  Chef Tim Wiechmann of TW Foods on Walden Street in Cambridgehas opened a mittleuropean beer and sausage place.  The description understates the attractions and rewards of this place.  
255 Washington St
Somerville, Massachusetts 02143

Phone
(617) 776-9900
Email
info@bronwynrestaurant.com
Website
http://www.bronwynrestaurant.com/


WATERTOWN 

Watertown is down the Charles River from Cambridge.  You can reach it by driving down the parkways on either side of the river or taking a bus along Mt. Auburn St.  It is loaded with Armenian groceries and food stores, several Persian places and

Strip T’s
The restaurant find of the year.  Great food in an out of the way location.
Delicious lunch and dinner.

93 School Street
Watertown Mass.
617 923-4330
http://www.stripts.com/, Hot Thursday. These are flipping fast, come get some. http://t.co/kKfAooh630, Clever business news that may change the world  http://t.co/MUzFnP6eAO, BU's excellent Gastronomy newsletter  https://t.co/hW4JuMhQJZ, Together Festival presents Wobblesuce.  9Pm Church of Boston  http://t.co/729uaWT3Dm, First heard about Spoke while attending the To Cure event at Salt Box Farm in Concord.  Everyone was enthused about this neighbor of Dave's Pasta in Davis Sq., Somerville.  The first time we skateboarded over they were closed but last night, a quiet night, found them open and busy.  The wait allowed us to walk up to Teele Square and back, passing oversized submarine sandwich shops and vegan restaurants, the curious schizoid collection of Somerville places to eat.  Spoke is good looking, the way most places are, with a sense of whimsical improvisation in its design.  The bar has illuminated circles buried in its top for people who aren't sure where to rest their glasses.  We had a glass of outstanding wine from Portugal, recommended by our calm waiter, a perfect panini, something else and small gifts of ganache dusted with salt.  Perfect., I thought my brother Joe invented the sting ray bicycle.  http://t.co/wx1m1V9yk5, His Ristretto column is gone but Oliver Strand continues to write about interesting coffee trends.  http://t.co/qXMZJV0HnY, Somahville was shops with the biggest slices in town or huge subs.  Somerville is Spoke and Bronwyn.  It is like Paris.  With tattoos., Yo 80 and sunny.  Say no more! Plus Star Trek opens. http://t.co/UTBF6fvKoD, Tom Ehrenfeld wonders if the http://t.co/BRKySJ2IyE editorship pays in dollars or kimchee.  Kimchee is more valuable., Central Sq. World's Fair is coming this Saturday.  http://t.co/PixSZyP9On  along with Cambridgeport open studios and BU graduation., A worthwhile review of new Michelangelo show at MFA  http://t.co/VFI52qbY3T, Just found out that the wedding I'm attending in June will have Food Trucks.  Excellent., 614 Mass Ave.  Open house @ MmmMaven part of Together Festival.  Started at 2P, Wednesday is Wednesday here at Toscanini's http://t.co/BNyCuaoDqc, Hundreds gathered in already crowded Whole Foods parking lot to celebrate birth of Dig editor, J. Pat Brown., Whole Foods welcomes Flash Birthday mobs!  Especially for J Pat Brown!, John Gersten of Drink and a liter of house beer at Bronwyn., Together Festival vehicle.  Way cool., Tuesday night flavors! What looks good? http://t.co/79jpsUG3AL, Mike the Balloon guy was walking on stilts to promote Together festival.  Good music on Mass. Ave.  We just need more sun., Bicyclists as pains in the neck  http://t.co/60iT6Lx8Qi  and moving beyond., They're not cute.  They look like fresh from the can tennis balls but they are geese from Canada!  They turn our riverbanks into Ontario slime drags.  And tody was the day they arrived., Penn Gillette has created an ice cream flavor for a good cause.  Unfortunately it is being sold at Duane Reade  http://t.co/rtI8alMRWE, Anish Kapoor at PEM.  Not the overacting Bollywood star., The Derby Square Book Store in Salem is the most threatening book store in the world.  It demands the courage of a caver or sandhog.  Anything might happen.  To die beneath a shelf of Chelsea Handler books...., A few days when the curbs are banked with petals., Teddy Shoes is one of Cambridge's best small businesses and they have a new social media presence.  http://t.co/oxANfPgEGM, My NYTimes account keeps stalling, demanding I subscribe to continue online.  I already subscribe. I log out, log in.  Sometime it works., Lee Napoli's new place is called Bread & Butter which was also the name of of a roving samizdat restaurant that eventually went legit., It's Monday morning... http://t.co/vgkJTEOsth, Tonight, Mo May 13 6>9P  $35 benefit for Best Buddies at Hungry Mother., great art from Nick Cave at PEM 

http://t.co/frptDzXqcF

http://t.co/FsmLcJSYaN, Went to Peabody Essex Museum and had the usual great time, full of unexpected pleasures and juxtapositions.  I do think it might be easier to take the train to Salem  than driving west on Route 2 to the highway I still think of as 128 and then riding around the periphery of the metropolitan area.   The PEM has an empty room that is one of the museum's great pleasures.  It is full of light with a small number of bowsprits.  The new wing of the MFA can be similarly appealing when empty, especially if it is snowing.  

Michael Lin has a great ceramics show and Toshio Shibata has large prints of Japanese public works found in rural areas.  I've been going to the PEM for years without realizing the size of their Native American Indian art but a basket made in part from porcupine quills is a wonderful echo of a Japanese basket.

But without a doubt the showstopper is work by Nick Cave.  Not that Nick Cave, whose music is more or less banned from our ice cream store.  But an American from Fulton, Missouri who combines costumes and dance and music in the most amazing ways.  

http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=endscreen&v=Mx1_zBkqcUM&NR=1, If the http://t.co/odfJaW7L2N website was run by an American airline Tyler Brûlée would shoot someone., Happy Mother's Day. Every day is scoopers day. What can we scoop 4 u and yr moms? http://t.co/aMvEEA0x2p, I'm working my way through books I first read in the New York Public LIbrary.  I started in the St. George branch and after exhausting their small science fiction section began ranging around Staten Island to visit different branches in search of books by Robert A. Heinlein, Isaac Asimov writing Lucky Starr juveniles as Paul French, and Andre Norton.  First I reread The Star Best for the third or fourth time.  Surprise surprise, the book doesn't age well although the ending still sends me back to the moment of utter amazement when Heinlein reveals that the "pet" from another planet thinks that his human owners are his pets.  I still remember approaching my father with this revelation.  He was not amazed and returned to reading the New York Journal American.

"Have Space Suit Will Travel is probably one of the weaker Heinlein juveniles, with an unbalanced structure.  The interesting stuff and the stuff that interested Heinlein comes in the book's last third after the protagonists have escaped their captors.  The last pages' ending is particularly weak and that weak ending by itself may have inspired the crappy Back to the Future movie.  Oh well.  I still have Red Planet to read., When you deliver ice cream to kitchens you become invisible.  Yesterday I visited one kitchen that is always watching old "guy movies".  One time I delivered ice cream to see a horrific creature inspired by the anxieties of teenage boys.  "What the hell is that?"  I asked.  "Alien vs. Predator." said the chef.  "I'm helping the new line cook understand America."  Yesterday they were watching Clint Eastwood in a spaghetti western.  "What is that!"  The cook smiled, "The Good, The Bad and The Ugly.  In Spanish."  This is what we need in our schools.  Perhaps., Totoro rules., People make fun of me for watching Cooking With Dog.  Hah.  Let them laugh while I learn the secrets of turning Old Vienna hot dogs into octopus fit for a Tokyo kindergarten bento box., We made two more batches of Thai Basil.  Hmm.  Where to go with this?  Mimi might have had the best idea when she said it needed complexity.  Maybe we should combine regular basil with Thai Basil.  

One batch followed a recipe from The Last Course and involved making Basil Syrup and the other from David Lebovitz was based on Basil Sugar.  The Basil Sugar was beautiful and intoxicating.  There should be a use for this intermediate stage.    Maybe Basil cookies...

We're selling the big batch.  Its very creamy,  but trying to figure out how to make it better.  Should it be paired with a Ginger ice cream:  Ginger-Basil?, On Saturday we went to the Kendall for a 7P showing of The Angel's Share.  They had changed their schedule, without changing their website.  Gee thanks.  Apparently the new Gatsby is so popular they booked it into three more theaters.  Tough darts, and certainly no compensatory offer (like a free Coke or popcorn) for the inconvenience.

Instead ended up seeing Renoir, on the recommendation of a lively friend.  The theater was incredibly cold, which was atmospheric at times.  The movie was long but good.  Had it been a little shorter it would have been good.

We got a bag of popcorn that must have been intended for famine areas.  It was big enough for a village and all related livestock.  Probably delivered by military helicopters before the show.  

I love Jean Renoir's movies (thanks to Mario and Giulia) and enjoyed the generational battle between father and son., Waltham races into the future.  Today is last day of Steampunk Festival.  http://t.co/XX6IrJkKhO, newspaper circulation figures that are amazing and dismaying  http://t.co/33bWSIb6WR, Rainy night flavors. We are ready. http://t.co/e20Q5WTarA, null, Conversations with Steve Thompson are always good.  All of this was prompted by a happy visit to Il Laboratorio del Gelati in Manhattan.  "I was talking to the owner of another company and I said "Do you know how many gelato stores there are in New York City with a population of eight million?"  "About thirty," he said.  "Three!" I said, " and two of them will be closed within six months. "No American kid ever ran into a store and said "Give me a Frutti di Bosco cone.", We eat well on busy Friday nights.   Kevin showed up from NH, Mark Shea visited from Mid Cambridge and The South, Elinore and a friend from Weston visited and Greg zoomed up with a Singaporean.  Attorney Malis never got from one side to the other., Its raining but the School of the Museum of Fine Arts is having its sidewalk sale > 5PM.  Bring an umbrella., I'm afraid of this although it could improve my health in the short run.  MIT's DLab has a bicycle-powered ice cream machine., NEConservatory's The Penguin recommends Central Bottle and they correctly note that you should eat the Szechuan food at Thailand afe., Just delivered first vanilla cups to Audubon Circle.  Good before or after Sox games and whenever you want a watermelon beer., Big day in Waltham.  Steampunk and farmers market., This weekend:  Cambridge Open Studios in the Northwest  http://t.co/s8sOzqOcFz, Will the Soviet Union Survive until 1984 might be rephrased about China?  http://t.co/SmzTKsaFOn, Is it tosci's time? http://t.co/fCJVS4Z62t, Cantata Singers at 8P, lecture at 7P  http://t.co/CP6Q6TRdvu  tonight, Fr at Jordan Hall., Drove around the city delivering ice cream to Tupelo and Il Casale.  Braved the moms of Shady Hill School when they were in cars at pickup., The Together Festival runs from May 12>19 but Service Point already blew up the beautiful poster.   http://t.co/PjfYOotjTA, We just got a t shirt for donating to the Brattle.  Wear it while watching Korean movies and eating popcorn!, Can you believe we miss a day. Sorry. Friday, sunny, a/c is on.  Matty eating is eating a toto pop http://t.co/FkF8aNvQ7x, A long beautiful vimeo related to samurai.  http://t.co/C8iiE8cJCH, In a real sense Watertown's ChopChop was the youngest James Beard Award winner.  Cooking magazine for kids and families., Sam Mehr liked the Thai Basil and the Kaya.  Plus we're plotting to do something with Olin.  Busy even when it rains., Ernesto tasted and liked the Thai Basil.  We're scaling it up., WSJ on MFA's samurai show.  http://t.co/OqoiVdDm4I, John Ehrenfeld at First Church Cambridge on Sustainability and Spirituality.  Presented by Boston Area Solar Energy Association  730P Th, Cool flavors tonight. What are you gonna get? We are ready to scoop! http://t.co/INi62AsmEE, Very strange weather all day.  Bit of a seascape, ominous cloud in the middle of downtown, something like sea smoke rising from Mass. Ave., After a trip to Asian supply house I'm working on Thai Basil, plus Banana Nutella, Keith Pooler of Bergamot has an exceptional co-conspirator in pasty chef, Stacy Mirabello.  Two complex plates followed by a big chic cake., Calm before the storm. http://t.co/BqKgx8u402, http://t.co/JBO6OiNN72 reviews espresso machines.  http://t.co/4iTRu1TgtC  I never make espresso at home.  I have Matt and MItchell do it, A belated birthday to Judson, Kevin B and Kevin D. and Joanie Walker., The MIT Mother's Day glass sales goes to 5PM in Lobby 10.  Today.  Tuesday., Paul McMorrow's article on Walgreen's shows importance of urban taste.  http://t.co/DwSfH0Naw2  Kallmann McKinnell designed building, Former scooper Diego Buscglia is in Punk Rock at Black Box Theater.  He's the handsome jock.  http://t.co/0uV029ybV5  Next:  Disney on Ice., Is this the same as last night?  You decide ...... http://t.co/FCJkP9h7iZ, Stop in for a scoop! This is what we're serving up right now. http://t.co/AdatBZPAU3, We make ice cream for these guys  http://t.co/TEmWF2bQ4d, Sprudge finds great latte art in Italy.  http://t.co/87l2EqDwf4, Brookline's "incredible" 4A Coffee is closed on Mondays.  We were lucky enough to be visited.  They got vanilla.    http://t.co/Rw343hWCGR, At Totto Ramen in Manhattan listening to guys plot about MacArthur Fellows.  Couldn't tell if they were trying to win one or date one., On Mondays we plot:  when to deliver to The Nut House in PTown, how much ice cream to make for B Good.  What weird fruits to buy., A glass of Lychee Sangria at Pichet Ong's Qi in Brooklyn.  Ong is a celebrity chef, mostly known for desserts.  I love his cookbook.  He's also irrepressible or disinhibited if you want.  We also had corn dumplings which I liked but could be punched up, and pork ribs with an Ovaltine sauce.  A smarter person said this tasted like an East Asian mole with chocolate.  The Thai Basil Sorbet had a strange texture -maybe a failed texture- but the taste was wonderful.  Chocolate Thai Chile ice cream was very creamy and then an engine of heat arrived and left almost as quickly.  Very good., Throughout the year, Cambridge has very strong rhythms.  The crowd of students crossing at the end of Broadway have already thinned with the end of classes.  This weekend was a relatively quiet Steer Roast at MIT.  Soon a lot of the winter people leave -not just students- and it will be easier to park your car or find a seat in cafes.  Tonight is the last First Monday concert of the year
as NE Conservatory slows to a near stop for the summer.  The crowds of students with musical instrument cases on their backs will vanish and the number of outstanding free concerts at Jordan Hall will be greatly reduced.  

Tonight's event is at 8PM, and as always is FREE.  Lawrence Lesser is the best host for Boston's best music.  

http://necmusic.edu/first-monday-jordan-hall-4, Our agents are everywhere including Southern California., It is Monday. The sun is finally out. http://t.co/5wHhgS5CMl, We plan ahead. These flavors on deck. Earl Grey lovers everywhere breathe a sigh of relief! http://t.co/fk9i4d9DC9, Tomorrow is the last First Monday of this year at NEConservatory  http://t.co/tzvMznZ2ZL  FREE, In Mexico its May 5 but @Taza Chocolate its Cinca de Mayo.  Get some Hellman's, some dos Equis and head over.  http://t.co/ZCiHu6Xlqr, To Cure has a way cool artisans potluck event today, 2P Saltbox Farm in Concord.  Crowdfunding!  https://t.co/1RDHRiNZMM, New day new flavors. http://t.co/qIOIBFUKTL, Industrial Light & Magic at Blue Bottle in Manhattan on Friday, Ap 3, 2013, Pichet ong at Smorgasburghttp://www.zagat.com/buzz/video-scoping-out-smorgasburg-with-pichet-ong, Back from NYC without seeing Steve Solomon.  Grrr.  Did get to two Blue Bottles, one in Manhattan and one in Brooklyn.  Visited the Brooklyn Qi to see what Pichet Ong's food actually tastes like after working so much with his cookbook.  Most typical idea:  ribs with Ovaltine, which reminded food celebrity of East Asian mole.  Thai Basil sorbet was excellent.  Chocolate Thai Chili was challenging.  Very creamy, then a  lot of heat and then it was gone.    Next day got to Il Labatorio del Gelato's big new place and had great  Olive Oil.  Ran down the street to Essex Market and visited tiniest Formaggio and Beurre & Sel, Dorrie Greenspan's cookie place.  Got cookies, cheese and bread for train ride back.  

Also found a Croque Monsieur place that wasn't really selling French croques but the bread and cheese were very good, Saturday is for ice cream. What are you gonna get? This is what we have right now. http://t.co/db0qHDYkbT, Weekend is here. Get it while it's HOT! http://t.co/g9PNstkpVw, Here's what we got right now. Burnt marshmallow anyone? TGIF! http://t.co/tIAF4zx8OP, Cool day, cool flavors. http://t.co/O1MMG2dDkF, Taza Chocolate has its own Cinco de Mayo event.  They designed this great poster and Service point blew it up., La Zinc is shoveling the runways and coming east.  Pass it on., NRBQ has a great song about ice cream,  "Howard Johnson Has His Hojo Working on Me."  This shirt reminds everyone of that song and the  same geniuses who wrote "I'm Like a Magnet.  You're Like a Piece of Wood.", MIT grad, exiled to California finds comfort in memories of 02139., Watertown is beautiful., A lot of things came together but we need a second effort.  George Nickopolous, or the fabled George Nickopolous, faked south to Rhode Island but went north to the Canadian-New York border.  He and his All Creatures Great and Small girlfriend delivered amazing maple syrup from her family's farm.  Then Ben Wurgaft gave us a menu from Allumette in LA which featured a cheesecake dessert that included a Maple Cookie Dough Walnut combination.   When I told Adam about it, the Kenneth Clark of Weymouth said that his favorite flavor was Maple Grape Nut.  So we decided to make a maple ice cream and split it into two flavors.  The maple taste is fine, with a Nordic clarity,  but it needs to be bigger so we're going to make another batch with more syrup.   We may do this on top of the building if there is a lightning storm or we may simply pull out the graphite rods and see what happens when the machine goes runaway., Made Maple Grape Nut and Maple Cookie Dough Walnut.  Next batch will have more super NY State Maple Syrup., Let's name the next Android iteration "Kaya".  Makes Vaughn happy., Beautiful round scoops of banana, peanut butter, vanilla and cherry at Belly.  Two of them drowned in espresso.  Plus fondue!, Kirosawa's Ran at MFA  http://t.co/mmrESD7ncY  Lear in Japan, Giving away samples at Whole Foods in Woburn.  Come visit., Carleton graduate and former scooper Nick Page threatening small people at Shibuya Crossing, Tokyo.   Or at least scaring them.  Giant Robot Cosplay.  At least he's not roller blading.  Maybe this is promo for Pacific Rim movie., Boston Magazine includes us in a survey of restaurants using whey as an ingredient
http://t.co/gJ2s2Dvovy, Customer really betatests new phone., Found very big containers of Nutella.  Forward into spring., Ben Wurgaft brought us a menu from LA's Allumette:  Maple Cookie Dough Walnut.  Allumette means "match."  Where do flavors come from?, Hershey is our permanent director of volunteers  She is raising bees. "Bees make hexagonal honeycombs because that's how they see the world", Some some Intelligentsia beer which is nice, but what did I do to deserve it?, Nutella Nutella Nutella is still evolving and right now the name is N3.   Also playing with Nocciola Nutella., Next to last day of Boston Independent Film Festival  http://t.co/bE04OxxCjp, Made Nutella Nutella for Grigorio and Vivi.  Which will become Nutella Nutella Nutella.  Details to follow., It might be too late but if you want a restaurant reservation for graduation get going and be realistic about times., This Monday night Cambridge City Council discusses public toilets., The To Cure boys are progressing towards $7500 http://t.co/0qg6C3IeRF, Vaughn finds what we all need, a stroller or caddy for watermelons.  http://t.co/ncQlMEfEyw, http://t.co/008UrVQYRK  The back room at Dosa Factory always reminds me of Chandra's Sacred games but you can also eat al fresco., Louis Kahn's light-filled interior of the British Art Center in New Haven., The newly renovated Yale Art Gallery in New Haven is amazing.  Sebastian Smee has an enthusiastic review which I tweeted about.  Smee mostly writes about the art and the building's function as a museum, but the designers have includes many delights.  This photo is a view from an elevator landing which puts the visitor into Yale's tower-filled sky and makes New Haven look -for a moment- like Oxford or Florence., Today's secret custard donut at Sofra is… Lemon.  Which made my father very happy.  I also thought the pistachio pop tart was marvelous., Chart showing the distribution of birthdays in US  http://t.co/5kbpuprkjK, After a trip to New Haven here is Sebastian Smee on the renovated Yale Art Museum.  http://t.co/pkI1yVwwoG  Wow., If ESPN Sportzone covered the SCAA this would be the report.  http://t.co/BLTWFnsvmF, Mitchell Feinberg's cover for new Boston Magazine will be on newsstands tomorrow.  http://t.co/Gv8LrzGBOM, It looks like the Prom Committee folded millions of tissue flowers and stuck them everywhere in Cambridge., Today is the day, which happens every year, when Holyoke St. in H Sq. is the most beautiful street in America., I smile every time I see one of the "Greetings, Earthlings" photos at Whole Foods., Economists decide the cupcake boom is "over."  Thank God.   http://t.co/CWsrl1xRQX, The friendliness and excellence at Asta trumps dictatorial ways of Prix Fixee menus and maniac chefs., You can always read more about turmoil at the NYT than you can about China or even the Vatican.  http://t.co/beK1lG7Khv, 8P FREE at Jordan Hall Beethoven piano concertos.  Concert and Competition.  http://t.co/125J6HXpGE, Just had a pleasant meeting at NE Conservatory of Coffee, uh, Pavement.  Iced Mocha and Chocolate croissant from Dnish bakery, meeting all requirements for the morning., Went to the doctor's office today and the receptionist asked if I had brought any Vienna Finger Cookie.  Once I was in the emergency room covered in blood from a bad nosebleed -and nothing more- when the admin asked where I worked.  I answered, "Toscanini's." And without looking up she said, "You never have Grapenut.", On Tuesday, I don't know if Wentworth students going home caused the Fenway one hour traffic jam but it didn't help., FREE 8P  Rites of Spring  http://t.co/Q9o0hnVjM2, 6P  Sword of Doom  http://t.co/5bMebpi54r, Sprudge might be the most fun trade journal in the world.  http://t.co/lVv3P4TXDZ  And Lena Dunham's Girls as guide to coffee workers, Dramatic clouds waiting for first train to arrive at not-yet-opened Newmarket Sq. station of Fairmount line, Mass. Ave. in Boston., Haagen-Dazs Gelato, finally.

I like Haagen-Dazs ice cream, although it can be frustrating.  Their web site always lists more flavors than you can easily find in Cambridge.  And while they introduce new flavors they also discontinue older flavors.  No one will ever miss their Carob but millions must wonder what happened to Elberta Peach.

The Shaw's across from Toscanini's finally got an array of their new gelato flavors.  They come in black containers and over the weekend we purchased six:  Stracciatella is what Italians ask for when they want Chocolate Chip and don't want to sound like tourists from Ohio. Limoncello is basically Lemon.  Dark Chocolate Chip tastes alarmingly like the old Haagen-Dazs Chocolate Chocolate Chip ice cream; alarming because it is made with not very good cocoa.  Cappuccino is a swirl of good coffee ice cream and good vanilla ice cream.  Black Cherry Amaretto is close to Visciole, or  Sour Cherry.  Since we already make Salty Caramel we skipped the Sea Salt Caramel.

Our panel can not even be described without threatening their anonymity.  Their comments will suggest the personalities involved.

Both Adam and Grigorio liked the Stracciatella.  Adam likes the small chips and Grigorio agrees.  Adam and Girgorio both think our chips are too big and hard and Adam would even the Italian word, turning us into the Starbucks of ice cream, but maybe these gelati make Haagen- Dazs the Starbucks of ice cream.

My favorite is the Limoncello.  Two summers ago we put real limoncello in everything possible.  The results were good.  This is made with vodka and lemon juice.  If you are in Italy it is similar to Crema Limone and quite good.

Grigorio liked the Cappuccino.  Italians might not eat this after noon nor drink a cappuccino after noon, but American college students would have it for breakfast.

Vanilla Bean is usually Adam's favorite but not this 14 ounce pint.  "Not rich enough, not eggy enough and not enough vanilla."  Adam thinks that the confluence of vanilla and fat is a favorite idea.  

Grigorio would ride his orange Vespa many kilometers to get a Frutta di Bosco gelato which he says should have wild strawberries, blackberries, blueberries and raspberries. 

These flavors in their black containers might be confused with the black containers Breyer's has used for years, or even the black containers that Boston's very good Batch uses.  In ice cream containers, black remains this year's black., Made another test batch of Black Sesame.  And a Pomegranate Soup that may turn into sorbet:  Pom juice, pom molasses, wine, apple juice., Whoa.  Pedestrian down at intersection of Main and Columbia.  Three police cars, a firetruck and an ambulance., Tomorrow Somerville become Cinecitta, Hollywood, Bollwood  http://t.co/ECUXxnDcuj, A nice summary about how coffee gets to your cup.  http://t.co/rNlNVJyAon, Learn to growl like Toshiro Mifune http://t.co/VZzX5KwGho  Blood and more blood., Our unofficial taster and historian, Laura London of Lexington,  has amassed a total of 666 flavors that we have made and she has tried., Man eats at 6297 Chinese restaurants and has spreadsheet to prove it.  http://t.co/PcrtiNHISv, Interview with publisher of SD newspaper about coffee shops.  http://t.co/PRt7zuS4L2  The gun story is hard to top., There's a spontaneous memorial in front of the Stata Center to slain MIT officer., The next generation of classical composers.  http://t.co/ksFwlCmgPL  FREE Jordan Hall.  8P., This should send Jen Z back to Winchendon.  More snow -and thunderstorms- in Mpls.  Twins get to cancel again.  Maybe the Dome wasn't so bad, Since SCAA we've been using Espro steaming pitchers.  Today we're really enjoying their improved French Press.  http://t.co/pI5NxG1XQT, Google has those glasses.  We have reworked Dulche de Leche and Ovaltine., Monday's flavors here at 899 Main Street. Aaron and Alex, too. http://t.co/2ggjj4Ony2, Ice cream flavors sundaes on Mo Ap 22 2013

French Vanilla
Belgian Chocolate
B3
Cocoa Pudding
Sweet Cream
Maple Walnut
Cookie Dough
Coconut
Green Tea
Khulfee
Grapenut
Hydrox Cookie
Banana
Black(Berry) & Blue(berry)
Strawberry
Burnt Caramel
Chocolate Chip
Coffee
Nocciola (Hazelnut)
Mango
Fluff
Salty Chocolate
Saffron Orange Cardamom (no nuts)
Ovaltine
Bourbon
Lemon Espresso
Dulce de Leche
Vienna Finger Cookie
Girl Scout Thin Mint Cookies

Orange Sorbet
Mixed Berry Sorbet

We also have Hot Fudge, Hot Spicy Butterscotch, and Adam's Salty Chocolate Turtletop, The Joys of Fatherhood., MIT's European Short Film Festival has been canceled http://t.co/Ry4HTtH2qz  because of everything bad that has happened.  Will reschedule., To Cure Food guys are a little under a thousand for http://t.co/0qg6C3IeRF crowd funding., Special art show just went up., The Sage of Chicago's suburbs while watching the end of the manhunt, "I hope they get this over by the time the Black Hawks start.", A lot of discussion of Stress Baking, which will result in fewer babies than expected as result of Lockdown., I don't understand the new Haagen Dazs Dark Chocolate Chip Gelato.  It seems like the old Chocolate Chocolate Chip, which I ate too often., Funny discussion on the day after about Stress Baking which is when the homebound and apprehensive make brownies or roast tomatoes/asparagus, beautiful video produced by Ashton Kutcher about Specialty Coffee  http://t.co/YCO2uBlmfz, Not endorsed by Cambridge School Committee.  http://t.co/GfHhGqKzqq, What's with HMart in Central Sq? By now we were supposed to be a neighborhood of pastel-colored rice bags & kimchee.Landlord-tenant dispute., Thanks to the hard work of our law enforcement officials in our incredible town, we are grateful to be OPEN. #BostonStrong, Thanks to the hard work of our law enforcement officials in our incredible town, we are grateful to be open. #BostonStrong, We probably need a better name.  Greg's Cookies is a literal mashup of Hydrox Cookie & Cookie Dough, reflecting  study of Sicilian biscotti., BU Culinary had a great event with Jacques Pepin, chicken, salmon, asparagus and pastry.  Also too much and too many wines, Larry Flynt and Roads Scholars ARE playing at Sally O's in Somahville from 6P>9P.  Greatmusic and burghers, Today's European Short Film Festival is canceled.  http://t.co/Ry4HTtH2qz  more scheduled for Sa and Su., Doing more Black Sesame experiments and sampling yesterday's Ovaltine and Hydrox Cookie Dough.  We reopen tomorrow if allowed., Cinderella's is delivering pints of ice cream as well as their pizza., The streets are almost literally empty.  If you remember any blizzard or hurricane you recall people out for a walk or celebratory cross country jaunt.  Nothing like today., We are closed this Friday, today.  Too much anxiety about everything including getting here and getting home.  The streets are empty., The store is closed until we know more- stay safe everyone., Talking with coffee all stars @ Simon's2 provoked an imitation of US Brewing winner that verged on martial arts.  http://t.co/pXqRj2Kz4C, Cambridge Brewing Company Wort has been rechristened Malted Barley, by Adam, who is in charge of all labels., Jacque Pepin at BU Culinary tonight.  Half of French hip hop duo, Sel & Pepin., My contribution to the summer's first bbq is pickels from Grillo's., Delivered CBCWort to CBC, and a sample of Basil Vanilla.  Got some Spring IPA and Chef talked about fall's Pumpkin beer.  Oh no.  Fall, They're not going to tow me for street cleaning.  Even when they try tricks like The Third Thursday of the month!, Our kind of celebrity:  Homeless advocate and cool guy Philip Mangano came in with two Vermonters.  Recommends new Terrence Malick., Two great Science Festival Events:  Undersea robots at MIT Museum and Carbonic Maceration at Central Bottle.   http://t.co/KmrOzCE3cl, Cambridge Science Festival has Play Day at MIT Museum, and holography at 3PM.  Come for ice cream before or after.  http://t.co/7FYNNDLHn8, We finally got the Vanilla Basil out of the freezer and into cups and cones.  Next batch may be Thai Basil.  This is interesting., Massmouth has its Big Mouthoff tonight at the Coolidge.  http://t.co/FOojgbwhGB, Dan Barry is one of the best and most evocative writers at the NYTimes.  His memoir Pull Me Up is a beautiful rendering of working class life in Greater New York and a wrenching personal account of cancer.  

http://www.nytimes.com/2013/04/17/dining/remembering-when-breyers-ice-cream-was-you-know-ice-cream.html?ref=dining

Today's paper contains an odd article that is one part memoir and one part consumer alert.  The article is nominally about Breyer's introduction of a "non-dairy dessert" which can be found in market freezers next to Breyer's real ice cream. 

“Ice cream requires specific levels of milk fat content, nonfat milk solids content, total solids in each gallon of ice cream, and total weight in each gallon of ice cream, while frozen dairy products do not.”

The graphic design looks identical, although Barry notes that the half gallon size is now 48 ounces.  Haagen Dazs has 14 ounce "Pints" so maybe we're just lucky to live in an age of miracles.  

Ice cream industry people will tell you that the customers are demanding these products, in a sense demanding to be lied to.  

There's a lot of food writing about the importance of certain commercial products and Barry captures the exalted status of Breyer's Pretty Good ice cream.  In the five boroughs and the surrounding suburban counties Breyer's then green packages of vanilla represented aspiration and achievement.  Breyer's vanilla was speckled with dots and fragments of vanilla bean.  My father pointed this out the way he held up different fabrics for me to see.  At a time when a lot of ice cream in New York was packed in appropriately anonymous white Chinese food containers, he would very specifically tell me to get Breyer's.  I would walk to a grocery or candy store, in one direction or another and return with a package that symbolized celebration and happiness.  

The two narratives probably meet at this point, when a small luxury is devalued, probably by a joint conspiracy of corporate bean counters and  half-informed shoppers., Asta gets a very good review from Katie Johnston at Globe  http://t.co/qKLBleflG8  Deservedly., To Cure guys got 10% of their Indiegogo funding  http://t.co/0qg6C3IeRF, A friendship that embodies "relationship" coffee between Barismo & Guatemala  http://t.co/SCejJiccCg  We made ice cream with this coffee., Boston as center of explosive detection industry  http://t.co/cE8WjpOmPJ, Andrew Cohen spent 7 years at BU and writes about all the people who study and work here for a few years.  http://t.co/p1CaHezfLv, Its back to looking up whenever you hear a plane or helicopter.  Ugh., Yesterday's Vanilla Basil with Lemon tastes pretty good.  I'll tweet when it comes out. Today we're making more Black Sesame &  Clover Fries, A good wine blog from UCalifornia Press author  http://t.co/FisCvwOP2Y  This may not be the last Hitler parody but it is funny., We're open until 11PM.  Its peaceful, mercifully.  Open until 11PM., "Drop the fish"  http://t.co/eVTI5uFXAl  "Move away from the walleye."  Life in Minnesota is great., Someone from North Carolina left her bag at the store. Not  a good day to leave things behind., Let's move to Minnesota.  Walleye Poaching ring busted.  http://t.co/eVTI5uFXAl, Its Tom Welch Day, not just his birthday but an entire day dedicated to Tom Welch, music, pond hockey and the truth of life in Vermont., Denise thinks the HD Raspberry gelato is "off" because of the corn syrup.  The sage of Alligator Alley speaks., Free http://t.co/LbGl3djUyL  8PM Jordan Hall NEConservatory  Honors small groups, I think you're supposed to eat the carbs before the race but Rialto is having a special tasting menu tonight.  $55., A very good idea from two Gastronomy students  http://t.co/0qg6C3IeRF We donated., Austin Hess of The Tech on MIT's Kendall Sq. plans to make city look like Blade Runner movie http://t.co/0ZSmSdshNT, Tyga performed his anthem "Bitch Betcha Have My Money" at Harvard to hundreds of comparative media studies students.  http://t.co/gEVfPQtfcH, Leslie Josephs of WSJ writes about the coffee tasters at SCAA http://t.co/hrd5Jj2thJ, Its like having your photo seen in the post office but a large number of SCAA coffee heads saw my photo at B Good.  We make their ice cream., Ater you've walked to the Finish Line there is a tour of Boston bridges and a robots event at MIT Museum  http://t.co/UO2QYhOz0v, Sunday Ap 14's list of ice cream flavors for sundaes.  http://t.co/2ggjj4Ony2, Ice cream flavors for Sunday night sundaes, April 14, 2013.

French Vanilla
Belgian Chocolate
B3
Mango
Ginger
Nocciola
Hydrox Cookie
Saffron
Chocolate Chip
Ginger Snap Molasses
Grapenut
Rum Raisin
Burnt Caramel
Blueberry Lemon
Strawberry
Bananas Foster
Green Tea
Coconut
Mint Chocolate Chip
Khulfee
Cocoa Rum Chip
Coffee
Just Fluff
Lemon Espresso
Aztec Chocolate
Peanut Butter Honey
Salty Caramel
Amaretto Walnut
Goat Cheese Brownie
Vienna Finger Cookies

Chocolate Sorbet
Mango Sorbet

We also have Hot Fudge, Hot Spicy Butterscotch and Salty Chocolate Turtletop, "Excuse me.  Excuse me."  Lindsey Bolger of Green Mountain Coffee Roasters sat next to me at a lecture that was part of the Specialty Coffee Association of America meeting.  

We were in Rafael Vinoly's Boston Convention and Exhibition Center.  This giant building looks like an airport or dirigible farm and it didn't exist years ago when I drove Lindsey to South Station so she could take a train west to Washington State.  She was leaving Boston where she had trained as an elite rower and worked as an ice cream maker at Toscanini's.  When she got to the West she attended Evergreen College, built a boat and started a career in specialty coffee at Batdorf & Bronson.  She helped teach us about better coffee.  We still use Batdorf & Bronson.  She now works in Vermont at Green Mountain.  Lindsey came to Boston to attend SCAA, an organization she is an important part of.  Her husband visited museums including the new Gardner and her son and a friend went off to Fenway Park.  Later we all met at Toscanini's to eat ice cream.  A good end to a busy week., Went to the wrong Cloverhub but said hello to everyone and followed Espresso Mike to the Clover on Holyoke.  Vegan bacon sandwich and rosemary fries revived me after a week long diet of coffee drinks.  Said good bye to Gustavo who returns to Guatemala.  

Drove back to 899 and met Vermont's youngest sports broadcaster.  Ate ice cream with former ice cream maker Lindsey Bolger and family.  

Tomorrow is Patriots Day and the Marathon.  I hope to bicycle around the race route and enjoy 60 degree weather., Drinking Green Mountain Colombia Geisha while waiting for start of Coffee Life in Japan lecture in Room 252B at SCAA, At Craigie, the carrots cooked in duck fat were amazing.  Bugs would have swooned., Sunday great thing to do.  Artisans Asylum 1PM>5PM as part of Cambridge Science Festival  http://t.co/JgQWgz3xVe, And we're tasting four Haagen Dazs gelato flavors from Shaw's.  Mixed feelings, some strong from different people.  I like the Limoncello, We're making more Basil Vanilla and just got a request for Black Mission Fig, We're not getting any work done here.  We're all watching Cooking with Dog  http://t.co/5zMaYug9TH, Paula says save $5 by buying ticket in advance for Big Mouth Off on We Ap 17.  mass http://t.co/9A6s6slS5K.  Almost sold out at Coolidge, I think Dwelltime was jammed with a few coffee tourists and people going to the Cambridge Science Festival at the library.  Or they listened to The World on 'GBH., Even spring can be harsh., Flavors on Saturday April 13, 2013 Getting' sunny.

French Vanilla
Belgian Chocolate
Girl Scout Thin Mints
B3
Khulfee
Ginger
Nocciola (Hazelnut)
Hydrox Cookie
Saffron
Chocolate Chip
Ginger Snap Molasses
Cookie Dough
Grapenut Raisin
Rum Raisin
Cocoa pudding
Strawberry
Bananas Foster
Malted Vanilla
Green Tea
Mixed Berrry
Gustavo's Barismo Espresso
Goat Cheese Brownie
Coffee Ice Cream Sandwich
Lemon Burnt Caramel
Earl Grey
CBC Malted Barley (once know as Wort)
Amaretto Walnut
Aztec Chocolate
Thin MInt
Salty Caramel

Chocolate MInt Sorbet
Mango Sorbet
Coconut Sorbet

We have Hot Fudge, Spicy Hot Butterscotch, and Salty Turtletop Chocolate Shell., Right here right now.  http://t.co/2ggjj4Ony2  The flavors., Ran into Jake at SCAA.  Equal parts amusement and knowledgeable., Coffee Life in Japan, with Marco Werman at Dwelltime  http://t.co/q7sJyEYdqF, Tomorrow at MFA Film  http://t.co/GOJWU0yP1S  Albanian Muslims save Jews during WW2., We need a new bag of plagues.  http://t.co/2ggjj4Ony2, Marco Werman talks to Merry Corky White on Coffee Life in Japan after 3PM.  The World on WGBH FM 89.7  Back to SCAA, FREE Second Friday at MIT Museum.  PreFrosh weekend at MIT.  SCAA continues.
Cambridge Science Festival begins.  http://t.co/AlQu1wuKiC, Matt Hodges of Peace River and GeoCertify visited to explain what's going on in Ethiopia. Then hopped on his bicycle to return to Arlington., Hip Hop station KDAY to switch formats and languages.  Becoming Mandarin.  http://t.co/wuohNHEne0, Coffee otaku @ Voltage tonight 7P>11P  Boston TNT  http://t.co/CYEEV62mxG, Women sports icon Catherine "Face" Darrow visited and then vanished., Feast Mass' report from Mexico City on Restaurant Day.  http://t.co/MkRZmySD3f, 3 star review of Giulia made me very hungry.  http://t.co/CdDsw2yikN, Colombian coffees at Dwelltime from 5P to 7PM.  Relationship coffees! Tonight Th., Tommy delivered ice cream to the Nut House in PTown.  They open tomorrow although Tommy got some roasted peanuts for his ride back., Boston magazine on the political preference for DD versus Starbucks.  http://t.co/voJuU1kyNF  Get the SCAA hashtag., The original MBTA map was by Cambridge 7.  Here's an article bout proposed improvements.  http://t.co/1uUnivBWCd, Tomorrow is the second Friday of the month and FREE SECOND FRIDAY at the MIT Museum.  5P>8P.  http://t.co/mjeowyJ5Sd, A witty incomplete guide to eating in Boston for SCAA visitors  http://t.co/IU31g87ll4, What we hope is a witty guide to eating in Boston for SCAA visitors.  

Very few of the good things in Boston can be found in Boston.  And most of the good things in Cambridge are not to be found in expensive nor not-so-interesting Harvard Square.  Harvard Square has lots of ATM’s and a burrito joint on every corner.  if Banco de Mexico opened a branch that sold burritos they would fit in perfectly.  

If you insist on staying in Harvard Square then drop  to the bottom of this article.

PARENTS ARE PAYING

Salt
Gabriel Kremer, Food & Wine Best Young Chef
905 Main St.
617 876-8444
www.saltsrestaurant.com

Craigie on Main
Tony Maws, Food & Wine Best Young Chef and James Beard Award winner
Snout to tail, famous for its hamburger and much more.
853 Main St.
617 497-5511
www.craigieonmain.com

The Blue Room
One Kendall Square (which is not near the Kendall Red Line station
617 494-9034
http://www.theblueroom.net/
Belly is their new and wonderful cafe

Bon Me
One Kendall Square
Vietnamese food is wonderful.  Its always cheaper in Dorchester but this is very good.  They have a truck somewhere.
http://blog.bonmetruck.com

Rendezvous
Lifetime Achievement Award to Chef Steve Johnson
502 Mass. Ave.
617 576 1900
www.rendezvouscentralsquare.com

Bondir
Jason Bond’s very individual take on farm to fork locavore
279 Broadway
Ste A
Cambridge, MA 02139
617 661-0009
www.bondircambridge.com

Area 4
Michael Leviton takes the turnpike in from Newton’s Lumiere
Very good pizza plus
500 Technology Square
On Main St but the address is disguised with a real estate address that doesn’t tell you much at all.
www.areafour.com/

Catalyst
Bill Kovel from Aujourd’hui in Boston
300 Technology Square
Where your venture capitalist takes to give you good news or very bad news.
Close to Area Four but neither addresse is helpful.  See previous complaint about made-up real estate addresses.  Worse than Tokyo for navigation purposes

Hungry Mother
Southern food, specifically the food of western Virginia, created by a team lead by James Beard nominee
233 Cardinal Medeiros Ave
Kendall Square
Cambridge, Ma. 02141
617.499.0090
http://www.hungrymothercambridge.com/



Moksa
Asian fusion and mashup with a club.  
450 Mass. Ave.

Cambridge Brewing Company
Chef David Drew supervises the kitchen.  We make Wort ice cream for them using their wort.  We sell some at our store.
One Kendall Square
617 494-1494
http://www.cambrew.com/



Central Kitchen
Gary Strack’s hip bistro.  Upstairs is Bricks and Mortar, his hip cocktail joint.
567 Mass. Ave.
617 268-0106
www.enormous.tv/central

Firebrand Saints
Gary’s new restaurant in once-lonely Kendall Square
1 Broadway
617) 401-3399

Meadhall
4 Cambridge Center
617  714-4372
www.themeadhall.com
Beer drinking engineers.  Yes!

Central Bottle
handsome wine store, great cheeses and meats and wonderful small bites inspired by Venetian cichetti.  When Flour is overwhelmed dodge in here.  You will be happy and feel a little smug about getting such good food without waiting.
196 Mass. Ave.
617 225-0040
www.centralbottle.com

Flour
The third bakery from Joanne Chang.  Sandwiches, home-made pop tarts and more.
190 Mass. Ave.
617 225-2525
http://flourbakery.com/

EVOO/ ‘Za
‘Za is the pizza and salad cafe.  EVOO is Patrick McCarthy’s restaurant.  Extra Virgin Olive Oli.
350 Third St.
617 661-3866
www.evoorestaurant.com

Abigail’s
291 Third St.
Cambridge, Massachusetts 02142
617 945-9086
A hip gastropub that just opened across from EVOO and next to Abigail’s.  Part of the group of places that might be traced back to East Coast Grill.
abigailsrestaurant.net


Fuji
303 Third St.
Sushi on a street that suddenly has a lot of people on it.

Miracle of Science
The perfect bar for this quirky neighborhood.  Lots of engineers, labtops for tables and photos of Einstein and Dr. Land.  Good ice cream too.
321 Mass. Ave.
617 868-2866.
www.miracleofscience.us/

Middlesex
The guys from Miracle of Science open a lounge-scene.  
315 Mass. Ave.
617 617 868 MSEX
www.middlesexlounge.com

AFRICAN
Bytes
Hidden down an alley parallel to Sidney Street but not really on Sidney.  Great West African food and American lunches.
64 Sidney st.
617 621-3513


Baraka Cafe
Northern African food.  Best lemonade in the world and much more.
80.5 Pearl St.
617 868-3951
www.barakacafe.com

Asmara Ethiopian
Central Square’s first and third African restaurant.
739 Mass. Ave.
617 617) 864-7447
www.asmararestaurantboston.com

Coffee shops
1369
757 Mass. Ave.
617 576-4600
www.1359coffeehouse.com

Dwelltime
364Broadway
http://dwelltimecambridge.com/
No longer Cambridge’s newest very good coffee shop.  Run from Hi Rise to Dwelltime and then on to Voltage.  You will run very fast and be happy.

Voltage
Another new neighbor in once empty Kendall Sq.  Across from EVOO and next to Abigails.
295 Third  St.
617  714-3974
www.voltagecoffee.com

Simon’s
1736 Mass Ave.
Cambridge, Ma.

Simon’s 2
corner of Mass. Ave. and Dana St.
Cambridge 

Now there are two Simon’s.  The first is between Harvard Square and Porter Square, not far from Harvard Law School, Lesley and the Radcliffe Quad.
Simon’s 2 is between Harvard Sqare and Central Square, across the street from Cambridge College, and for old-timers next to where the Orson Welles used to be.  

Starbucks
Venti and Trenta and singular Panini.  Worst version of Italian language in America.  Worse than the Marx Brothers.
655 Mass. Ave
617
www.

Dunkin Donuts
Munchkins!
Mass. Ave.


Toscanini’s
899 Main St.
617 491-5877
www.tosci.com

ASIAN

Mary Chung’s
Dan Dan noodles for weiguoren MIT engineers.
464 Mass. Ave.
617 864-1991
www.marychung.com

Fuji Sushi
300 Third St.
Kendall Sq. 
Cambridge, Ma.



Royal East
Where parents of Chinese MIT students eat.
792 Main St.
617 661-1660
www.royaleast.com

Pu Pu Hot Pot
The real name is No. 1 Scholar’s Special Eating Place
907 Main St.
617 491-6636
www.pupuchinese.com

All Asia
The Cape Cod League of Boston’s music scene.  Every band plays a few gigs here at the start of their careers.
332 Mass. Ave.
617 497-1544
www.allasiabar.com


Pepper Sky
Thai
20 Pearl St.
617 495-2541
wwww.pepperskys.com

Rangzen Tibetan
24 Pearl St.
617 354-8881
www.rangzenfood.com

Theolonious Monkfish
524 Mass. Ave.
617 441-2116
www.facebook.com/theloniousmonkfish

Thailand Cafe
A great Szechuan restaurant hidden inside a Thai restaurant.
302 Mass. Ave.
617 492-2494


INDIAN
Royal Bengal
313 Mass. Ave.
617) 491-1988




MIDDLE EASTERN FOOD

Middle East
472 Mass. Ave.
617
www.mideastclub.com

Zu Zu
474 Mass. Ave.
617  864 -3278 x 237
www.zuzubar.com

Karl’s Rant@Zu Zu
is the daytime version of Zu Zu with outside seating, brunch and lunch

Olive Tree Cafe
245 Mass. Ave.
617 441-8689
www.

BURGER CHAINS AND HEROIC BURGERS
Craigie on Main does not like being famous for its burger.  It is famous for many things but the burger is exceptional and a limited number are served.  Rendezvous also has a special burger.  If you wander out to Watertown there is a fabulous burger at Strip T's, amidst many fabulous things.

B. Good
We are prejudiced but this is our favorite burger chain.  They have lots of stores and a great veggie burger.  Very local.  Very friendly.  They use our ice cream.  

http://www.bgood.com/
Their store in Harvard Square is at 
24 Dunster St.

Four Burgers
704 Mass. Ave.
617 441-5444
www.fourburgers.com

McDonald’s 
463 Mass. ave.
Breakfast and McNuggets, too.


PIZZA
Every band eats here, and their fans. Then the fans start their own band.
Hi Fi Pizza & Giant Sub
496 Mass. Ave.
617 492-4600

Cinderella’s
They deliver everywhere, have a big menu, stay open late and sell Toscanini’s.  They’ll deliver Toscanini’s ice cream too.
901 Main St.
617 576-0280
www.cinderellasitalianfood.com

Chicago Pizza
239 Mass. Ave.
617 497 - 5555
www.cambridgepizza.com

GREATER CENTRAL SQUARE

INMAN SQUARE IS WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE, HAS HIDDEN PARKING AND FURTIVE MBTA SERVICE

East Coast Grill
A long-time purveyor of great foods, tons of  casual fun, “aggressively friendly service!”  
1271 Cambridge St.
Cambridge Mass.
617 491-6568
http://eastcoastgrill.net/

East by Northeast
Modern hip Chinese food, locavore
some people think the portions are small and the prices are high.  I don’t care.
1128 Cambridge st.
617 876-0286
http://exnecambridge.com/#&slider1=1

All Star Pizza
Across the street from All Star Sandwiches.  I say this epitomizes straightahead good pizza.
Corner of Prospect St. and Cambridge St.
1238 Cambridge St.
Cambridge, Mass.
617 547-0836
http://www.allstarpizzabar.com/directions.php

Clover Hub
Veggie and vegan food that everyone loves.  And they have Grillo’s Pickels as a neighbor.
1275 Cambridge St.
Cambridge Mass.

http://www.cloverfoodlab.com/?page_id=2248


Tupelo
Elvis was born in Tupelo, MIss.  Its a song by Van Morrison and the name of the chef’s daughter.  A tupelo tree has beautiful flowers and produces great honey.

1193 Cambridge Street
Cambridge, Ma.
617 868-0004
http://tupelo02139.com/

UNION SQ., SOMERVILLE

Over a rise and across some railroad tracks.  Some day the Green Line will arrive and this neighborhood will become special

Meantime there are several very good places to eat.

Casa B.
A worthwhile neighbor for Journeyman, small Colombian and Puerto Rican tapas-style plates in a very designed restaurant
253 Washington St. (which is hard to find but well worth the effort)
617-764-2180
http://www.casabrestaurant.com/


Journeyman
Very avant garde food in a room that looks like something you’d find in Central Berlin or East London.  Try their dessert tasting menu.
9 Sanborn Court
617-764-2180
http://www.journeymanrestaurant.com/

Back Bar is their amazing hole in the wall artisanal cocktail bar.  A new favorite.

WATERTOWN 

Watertown is down the Charles River from Cambridge.  You can reach it by driving down the parkways on either side of the river or taking a bus along Mt. Auburn St.  It is loaded with Armenian groceries and food stores, several Persian places and

Strip T’s
The restaurant find of the year.  Great food in an out of the way location.
Delicious lunch and dinner.

93 School Street
Watertown Mass.
617 923-4330
http://www.stripts.com/, half an hour more of Wednesday Winter's Market in Central Square, where Blockbuster used to be and where Man Ray will return., A shirt inspired by the man who finishes last in  the Giro d'Italia.  http://t.co/bFR8uLSYbL, Free NEC Symphony  http://t.co/B042bpaKFe  Beautiful Jordan Hall., B Good truck loads up with snowballs, iceballs and ice cream for truck fight with B&J at City Hall Plaza.  Utterly humorless young women., Today Jr says "We grew up on Cape Cod's roughest streets."  "Harry was Pony Boy.", Bicycling through Boston during SCAA get-together.

It was nice when I arrived at work and its nice now but it wasn’t so nice while I was bicycling.  I rode down Mass. Avenue to Southie, and out to Castle Island.  A single lap around the fortress and then  I headed down Summer St back towards the city.   

At Elkins St. I stopped at Boston’ smallest cafe, Rick’s 11A, which no one from the Specialty Coffee convention will be visiting.  Rick’s has recently changed its name and spruced up.  There are outdoor seats.   Its in a true innovation area across from the old MBTA power plant on Summer Street.  This is a neighborhood of industrial buildings occupied by artists, artisans and startups.  Rick’s sells coffee, iced coffee and advertises espresso from New England Coffee but it is really an old-fashioned in-and-out diner with simple foods served quickly.  Unlike the much ballyhooed Innovation District closer to the city this neighborhood doesn’t have any oversized restaurants from Jerry Remy or Legal Sea Foods.  In fact as a collector of small restaurants I think this might be one of the city’s smallest.

I bicycled to South Station and Dewey Square, an example of the Bostonian tendency to name places several times.  Is it Quincy Market or Faneuil Hall?  Is it Harvard Square or Brattle Square?  Is it the Harvard Bridge (formally, yes) or the MIT Bridge (no.) or the Mass. Ave. Bridge?

The weather had cleared so that it was more partially sunny than partially cloudy.  Six food trucks and scores of people were milling around.  San Bellismo (not a church but a musician from Australia) was cheerfully working his Coffee Tricycle.  San came to Boston to study at Berklee.  There is no barista or bar man who is more personable or whose descriptions of coffee are more evocative and helpful.  He is to espresso as Robert Parker is to wine.  

People in town for the big coffee show should visit.  I ran into two guys from Espresso Parts International, out of Olympia Washington.  They had sold equipment to the Coffee Tricycle.  Then Vincenzo from Clover stopped by for a drink.  Clover does Japanese-style pourovers.  

Amazingly Gustavo Alfaro the grower of great coffees and Jaimie and Tim from Barismo roasters are on their way via subway to South Station and the Coffee Tricyle.  Big cities can be very small., null, Gustavo Alfaro, Tim & Jaimie from Barismo are Red-lining it to the Coffee Tricycle near South Station.  There are elements of a chase movie., SCAA Celebrity Gustavo Alfaro from Guatemala visited and had some ice cream we had made with his coffee, which we got from Barismo., Subtraction on Carmine Infantino  http://t.co/FkHwQc26Gb, A tour of Ben and Jerry's flavor graveyard.  http://t.co/YzKU5Vyb3R, B Good ladies will be steel-cage death matching with B&J from noon>4P in Boston City Hall.  FREE, Coffee world's blog of record on where to drink, eat and drink some more during very serious SCAA hijinks.  http://t.co/UUOPkxy3O4, Rethinking liberals & progressives and perhaps why PBS types love Downton Abbey 
http://t.co/fOYmZq45AJ, Craig Simons wrote The Devouring Dragon about China's environmental problems & impacts.  Good lunch talk at Harvard.  http://t.co/M1gimLc4TI, contemporary music at Jordan Hall.  FREE.  http://t.co/INdKCdh25m, Guatemalan coffee star Gustavo Alfaro at Voltage.  6P tonight.  http://t.co/SoSsaWzw3j, Leon Lin of The Tech covers MIT's plan to make more of the city look like suburban Atlanta.  http://t.co/UPWS3nD1o8, Allegedly tonight show of River Cycle in Lowell is sold out.  They're trying to find a bigger theater., Struck out at another DD looking for Stan Frankenthaler's newest breakfast work of genius.  Not at Church St. in H2., Merry Corky White and some part of BU's faculty on coffee and its wonders  http://t.co/0nbV0N4qYm, Our first news photo, taken by young intern Adam.  A fire in Back Bay., No one remembers Ben Turpin or that happy Indian guru so the John Bonham of Today Junior is still able to walk the streets.  Tonight he will be at Great Scott in Allston.  As will thousands of Cape Codders., Making great maple syrup is not for the faint of heart.  This photo was taken at Spring Hill Maple Farm, near the Canadian border in Rodman NY.  George Nickopoulos has obtained several gallons of this sweet, transparent wonder for us to use making ice creams., a photo showing the many samples of maple syrup created by Spring Hill Maple Farm.  http://t.co/2ggjj4Ony2, Former MIT teacher and customer  Ricky on Leacock at Brattle http://t.co/tyhuULTxQX, RT @mscelfo: happy birthday to my baby @RussellHouseTav, 3 years ago today we started. proud of everyone, they deserve to hear it., At 5PM at North Station subway stop you can meet with the hikers of Walk Boston to see the last part of Boston's Charles River basin., From scooping ice cream to tech success  http://t.co/3od2CJYMTI, A memoir of physics and physicists  http://t.co/2qH4Oga0CT.  Los Alamos>CERN>MIT., A different subway map of North American from Sam Mehr.  http://t.co/5Kmh912ttB, Last night's evening sky was laced with contrails that reminded me of Daniel Galouye's Lords of the Psychon.  A shiver, null, Never., Never run out of Mexican soft drinks, Restaurant Depot will never run out of Mexican soft drinks., Plunkett Lake Press has a lot of good books that one should read.  http://t.co/2qH4Oga0CT, Ophir Samson can't fool me all the time.  http://t.co/Mz0h099uZx, Like Pat McCormick, Les Blank went to Phillips Andover.  http://t.co/NCXTNB2t8Y.  He knew a lot about many things, especially gumbo., RT @casey_dugan: Almost home.Final vacation takeaway: U.S. icecream shops should serve champagne too!! @tosci http://t.co/oEB7oiCvzp.  Yup., Rochester Sam is in the back making his fabulous version of Blueberry Lemon.  For tomorrow., Adam made more Salty Turtletop.  This stuff is excellent., I asked for DD's new doughnut breakfast sandwich in Forest Hills and got a memorable look from disbelieving server.  http://t.co/KD7y4EOFPc, Hugh McCracken died.  Great session guitarist who played on BB King's Completely Well  http://t.co/nogAt7pzSk, After a trip to Somahville I have to say that Mint Mochas are a bad idea., RT @CityUponAHill: #Moses says: be nicer, eat ice cream, especially @tosci - micro-sundae declared sacramental. More: http://t.co/5H34oZ9qw6, Groovin' by The Rascals is one of my favorite songs  http://t.co/4lR90hCL8k  How it came about and evolved., The first big version of Vanilla Basil is out., SEth Kugel has a wonderful name and a good article about being cheap in Boston.  http://t.co/EREQqA0NSo  Including photo of Mattapan trolley, Last of the peeps.  Peeps dust., We just made more Hot Spicy Butterscotch.  

And "what is in a name?"  
For years we have had an unpopular flavor called Wort, made with actual wort from Cambridge Brewing Company in One Kendall Square.  Using his certified poetic skills Adam renamed the flavor, Malted Barley.  Which is what propelled sales of this flavor to Foshay Tower heights.  

This is similar to Tony Cacciola renaming Mexican Vanilla.  Now a heavily-armed, highly -trained  public servant, Tony was attending Cambridge Rindge High School when he said, "This flavor tastes like Cake Batter.  We should change the name."  "Mexican flavor was a flavor and a name first made famous by Amy's in Austin.  It is made with an alternative vanilla used in American cake mixes.  After Tony's suggestion and our adoption of the name other unscrupulous stores that did not employ Cambridge Rindge graduates or poets began to use the term, "Cake Batter."  

Adam may have certified skills as a poet but even those powerful gifts fail when people ask "What is malt?"  Malt is a mixture of grains and sugars.  It is used to make beer and malted milk was invented as a perfect replacement food for young babies., Ice cream flavors for sundaes on Sa Ap 6, 2013

French Vanilla
Belgian Chocolate ( a milky chocolate)
Bourbon
B3 (Brownies, Brown Sugar and Brown Butter)
Khulfee  (Cardamom with almonds and pistachios)
Ginger
Banana
Hydrox Cookie (always Kosher and vegan)
Nocciola (Hazelnut)
Chocolate Chip
Maple Walnut
Burnt Caramel
Grapenut
Rum Raisin
Coffee
Mango
Cocoa Pudding (our darkest chocolate)
Green Tea
Saffron
Amaretto Almond
Just Fluff
Coffee Hydrox Cookie
Mixed Berry Lemon
Earl Grey
Salty Caramel
Goat Cheese Brownie
Roxbury Puddingstone ( our version of Rocky Road )
Nilla Nutter
Girl Scout Thin Mint Cookies
Malted Barley

Mango Sorbet
Coconut Sorbet

Little Toto Pops, Brioche Ice Cream Sandwiches, Ice Cream Sangwiches

We also have Hot Fudge, but at the moment we are out of Spicy Butterscotch and Turtleop.  Both will return in a few hours., Having the won the Battle of Harvard Square, Harvey -the B Good truck- is squaring the block near their store at Boylston & Mass. Ave., Harvard sustainability expert criticizes MIT Kendall Sq. plans http://t.co/vtB4kkmS89, Carmine Infantino died. Adam Strange, The Flash.  Strange Sports Stories., Seth Kugel spends $100 during a Boston weekend: Galleria Umberto, Simco's, Verna's donuts, ICA, Eastie, no shopping http://t.co/zwLjMkOXSI, We got a nice square-shaped card for donating ice cream to Fresh Media Crew., This is like London's Season.  SCAA Ap 9>14.  Cambridge Science Festival Ap 12>21.  Together Festival May 12>21. Plus the Marathon., Meems went to Sheryl Standberg event at Sanders Theater.  Said it was like being at a Tony Robbins show., Sebastian Smee is right again and writes again  http://t.co/Ugx2okfQK4  Great show.  Great month., Wayne's World  http://t.co/18PmV5TkRy  CRL grad makes good., Fruit salad and Barismo coffee for breakfast at Clover H2, plus conversations with Lucia and Ayr., 5P-9P@ Central Bottle "wines with names that begin with V". VERNAL WINE BAR!, Stopped at Voltage and talked with George Howell folks, sort of like surfers waiting for a storm and big waves., Monica Raymond is a customer who sometimes works in the store.  She won a Mass Cultural Council grant.  http://t.co/joXtx64VEZ, Read the Chicago Tribune obit  http://t.co/d1CMj5uvjy  Roger Ebert., Pints created by future ice cream makers Gaia DeCaro and Tulia DeCaro.  Practice, practice and practice., New Haven is not on the list.  http://t.co/AG9wF09GeR  Providence is there because of Al Forno., Barismo's Origin Week Schedule, related to upcoming SCAA.  Not related to Barry Allen, Bruce Banner, or Hal Jordan.  http://t.co/wLFKeqEXxJ, Robert Berger has been explaining the more important definition of "mix-in" which relates to Lisp.  http://t.co/k0O3rrf3Pi, Corky White of Coffee Life in Japan sends SCAA party news.  http://t.co/CYEEV62mxG, Snacks from Formaggio.   Paintings by Ann Christensen at William Henry Furniture.  357 Huron Ave.  6P.  Th Ap 4, What's going on at BU Beach?  http://t.co/dhOkmDpGs8, We're making ice cream for The Nut House in Ptown.  First delivery is next Th.  The Season begins., 125 small samples: French Vanilla, Burnt Caramel & Cake Batter.  They're samples.  They are not labeled.  They are free. Write Gus@tosci.com, A petition to save the Longy School's community programs from Leon Botstein.  http://t.co/PU81MxNr8V, Giving away samples of French V, Cake Batter & Burnt Caramel at Whole Foods in Woburn!, Behind the scenes or beneath the stage at Middle East.  http://t.co/2ggjj4Ony2, Tonight 630P>8P  Innovation Districts at GSD's Piper Auditorium.  sponsored by Cambridge Historical Society., Many of those Coffee Bigfoots will be looking for Barismo's "relationship coffees" at Toscanini's, Simon's and the electrifying Voltage., Tomorrow is a cool concert at the cool new Gardner.  http://t.co/kR5WAv5MMk  A Far Cry 7P., BU President Bob Brown on many subjects  http://t.co/jlui2rShU9, This is like the beginning of a horror movie when someone says "Its quiet.  Too quiet."  7000 coffee obsessives arrive on Ap 9 for SCAA, I'll be giving away samples at Whole Foods in Woburn or Woburn in Whole Foods.  From 4P>7P.  Local night., Fresh goodies at Central Sq's Winter Wednesday Food Market.  541 Mass Ave until 630PM.  Previously a Blockbuster and soon to be Man Ray., Cereal milk from http://t.co/KWkFf7IP3i with a note about Straw and Hay's new flavor  http://t.co/bTTPDOlXBs, http://t.co/uTEUfUPVpN on the report that 30% of Michelin starred restaurants use K cups.  http://t.co/MPVXi3K3y4, Visiting Bodega and talking with Jay when a company of earnestly curious people from Vans arrived.  I expected to see a bus outside, Rolling Stone has named The Middle East as one of the 20 best rock clubs in America.  
http://www.rollingstone.com/music/lists/the-best-clubs-in-america-20130328/middle-east-downstairs-in-cambridge-mass-19691231

Perhaps the world's only concert venue with a Lebanese restaurant upstairs, the Middle East opened in 1970 and began playing host to rock bands 17 years later. The site now hosts three music venues along with the restaurant; the downstairs club, with a capacity of nearly 600, is the crown jewel, attracting top indie acts to Cambridge's bustling Central Square.

What can one say about the Middle East?  Everyone's band has played there, usually after learning to play at All Asia.  I remember a smart band from MIT, with an incredibly cool lead guitarist who was in comparative media studies.  He looked bored with defeat; he looked better than Lou Reed when he said, "Here's a song for anyone who has ever thought about going to graduate school."

I remember taking my Italian cousin to see rock legend Scott Ambrose Reilly and his band Aces High.  They promised -absolutely promised! - to play four shows and never again.  I think we saw their second show.  Scott sang "Viva Las Vegas" while wearing a Repo Man coveralls suit.  The crowd was insane.  People threw female underwear at Scott as he sank to the floor, sliding down the microphone stand with finality.  Some of the people were actually women.  In the middle of whorling madness, My cousin shouted at me, "Are all American rock shows like this?"  "Absolutely not"  I shouted back.

I saw Board's last show when operatic lead singer Tad performed a similar trapdoor exit.  Tad was probably wearing a Viking headpiece while battling with his bandmates over musical direction:   Dan Fogelberg versus Death Metal.  Tad disappeared from sight during the band's final song.  I later ran into him at a Star Market near Boston University.  

Every time I visited The Middle East, looking for Joseph or his brother Nabil I would be offered tea, or a chicken sandwich with special secret sauce, almost pronounced as one word, specialsecretsauce.

A lot of Toscnini's scoopers have been in bands that always seem to play late.  Didn't any band play early in the evening?  I would be told that a band was playing at 10PM.  I would arrive, wait patiently and leave at 1130PM when I absolutely had to return to finish cleaning up the store.  In all the years I have been visiting The Middle East no one has ever played at 8PM.  How is this possible?

I was in the Middle East at 4AM when New York City artist Steve Solomon was hanging and rehanging his show.  Up went a painting, down it came and up it went again, a few inches to the left.  It was a cruel aerobics that ultimately resulted in a memorable show.  

I myself have never played at The Middle East but I have enjoyed many chicken sandwiches with specialsecretsauce.



Read more: http://www.rollingstone.com/music/lists/the-best-clubs-in-america-20130328/middle-east-downstairs-in-cambridge-mass-19691231#ixzz2PKWaKOHE 
Follow us: @rollingstone on Twitter | RollingStone on Facebook, We are beta-testing Mimi's Popcorn Sundae. Alex is making these. Let the Chinese fritter away their time on infrastructure & electronics., Middle East beats All Asia and Hi Fi Pizza as one of 20 Best Rock Clubs according to know-it-alls at Rolling Stone. http://t.co/fX1TdW9EqC, Tomorrow at Piper in the GSD there will be a discussion of Innovation Districts  https://t.co/44jCPonHeM  from Cambridge Historic Society, Our contribution to Science.  

This week we were contacted by Sky Television from London.  They asked for details about a report that we had once made ice cream from cow dung.  

We made the ice cream at the request of Marc Abrahams who runs the IgNobel Awards.  These awards are given every year to "achievements" in science that first make us laugh and then make us think.  The Ig's are held on campus at Harvard but they also hold events in Europe.  

A scientist in Japan, perhaps hoping to win an Ig, set out to synthesize vanilla extract from cow dung.  This is not as incomprehensible as it sounds but it will make you gag, laugh and then think.  Most artificial vanilla or vanillin is synthesized from plants and trees.  Cows have very simple metabolisms.  They eat grasses and excrete grasses.  This scientist had successfully synthesized a safe and taste acceptable extract of vanilla.  We were not able to get samples of that extract so we made an ice cream in homage to her achievement.  We created a one-off special vanilla which was actually delicious.  This ice cream was served to a panel of distinguished and very nervous Nobel prize winners.  

I was sitting on stage at the Ig's, being buffeted by gales of paper airplane barrages.  I was sitting next to a man dressed as an English football referee who performed some odd functions onstage.  During a lull in the craziness I asked him what he did offstage and how he got onstage.  "I was a graduate student in economics here at Harvard.  Three people shared an office with me and each of them got Nobel Prizes.  I did not."  He had long been  a bit of a troublemaker.  Having been born in Cambridge he had been introduced at a national press conference as the first person to receive his acceptance to Harvard College.  A newsman asked him why he chose Harvard and he said "I wanted to go home for lunch."  He said the Dean of Admissions never again spoke to him.

When the moment came to celebrate the Japanese scientist who had created the vanillin from cow dung I stood up and walked across stage to a panel of apprehensive Nobelists.  As scientists and brave men they met their obligations and tasted the ice cream.  I thought it was delicious and hope they did., Eater.com reports that our neighbor Pu Pu Hot Pot is changing its name, ending many years of giggles.

Years ago I wandered into the new restaurant where a very happy owner Patty Chen was singing along to Mandarin Karaoke from a television mounted close to the ceiling.  First things being first, I asked "Why is the restaurant called Pu Pu Hot Pot?"  They never served Mongolian-style hot pots, nor did they feature Polynesian drinks or food. "Pu pu hotpot is very good name," she said.  I carefully explained that the term was off-putting to most Americans and if used at all referred to Polynesian restaurants with drinks that evoked the Hawaiian Eye television show.  "No," Pattys said, "This is great name."

Chinese restaurants often have entirely different names in Chinese.  I think the old Royal East's Chinese name was "Spring flower."  Patty's eyes widened, "You know about Chinese names?"  She looked around the empty restaurant, "Chinese name is "Number One Scholar Special Eating Place."  "That," I said emphatically but unconvincingly, "Is a good name!"  Number One Scholar was authentic and ironic and would work well in our neighborhood.  But I did not convince anyone and Pu Pu lived for many years.  Soon it will serve dumplings.  It will never have served a hot pot., This Old House saves a Cambridge house.  http://t.co/J1i5XSdOiM, Eater.com reports that our neighbor Pu Pu Hot Pot is changing its name, ending many years of giggles.

Years ago I wandered into the new restaurant where a very happy owner Patty Chen was singing along to Mandarin Karaoke from a television mounted close to the ceiling.  First things being first, I asked "Why is the restaurant called Pu Pu Hot Pot?"  They never served Mongolian-style hot pots, nor did they feature Polynesian drinks or food. "Pu pu hotpot is very good name," she said.  I carefully explained that the term was off-putting to most Americans and if used at all referred to Polynesian restaurants with drinks that evoked the Hawaiian Eye television show.  "No," Pattys said, "This is great name."

Chinese restaurants often have entirely different names in Chinese.  I think the old Royal East's Chinese name was "Spring flower."  Patty's eyes widened, "You know about Chinese names?"  She looked around the empty restaurant, "Chinese name is "Number One Scholar Special Eating Place."  "That," I said emphatically but unconvincingly, "Is a good name!"  Number One Scholar was authentic and ironic and would work well in our neighborhood.  But I did not convince anyone and Pu Pu lived for many years.  Soon it will serve dumplings.  It will never have served a hot pot., Our neighbor, The Pu Pu becomes Dumpling Room as family plays musical chairs in Lafayette Sq.  http://t.co/008UrVQYRK, The flavors for Monday April 1, 2013.  No Joke.

French Vanilla
Belgian Chocolate
B3
Khulfee
Coconut
Strawberry
Hydrox Cookie
Nocciola
Wort
Cookie Dough
Maple Walnut
Ginger Snap Molasses
Grapenut Raisin
Burnt Caramel
Lemon
Malted Vanilla
Green Tea
Mango
Coffee Ice Cream Sandwich
Saffron Orange Cardamomon
Cocoa Fresh Mint
Espresso
Earl Grey
Bourbon Vienna Finger Cookie
Amaretto Almond
hicory
Thin Mint Girl Scout Cookies 
Cherry Vanilla
Goat Cheese Brownie
Cinnamon

Chocolate Sorbet
Mango Sorbet

Hot Fudge
Hot Spicy Butterscotch
Choocolate Turtletop Shell, Clio pastry chef Monica Glass speaks  http://t.co/Gk655Zbe3A, http://t.co/RzSTO3NpKR  Class in Boston from theatlanticcities, Clay April Fooled me just as I was checking out the Google Nose Beta  https://t.co/HpCeuJB8cG, Chalkimation explains relativity  http://t.co/VfpcF4zrbs, FREE @ 8P @ Jordan Hall  Lawrence Lesser hosts First Monday  http://t.co/GfgVLi48qJ, We're trying to improve our Barismo Espresso ice cream in time for the SCAA coffee meeting on Ap 9.  More volts!, What's going on?  Bob Turley dead?  http://t.co/8s42c4PPJp, Ken Field stopped by to discuss music, honking', Red Bank NJ, Austin TX, ate a Cinderella sub and had a few peeps for dessert., The Phoenix is gone.  The Globe is smaller.  Check out http://t.co/vzYGWr142p., Cab driving has been compared to share-cropping.  http://t.co/9cAWeH7kCB, Plan for Monday nighty.  NEConservatory First Monday  http://t.co/GfgVLi48qJ  FREE, Is this Panda Bullying?  http://t.co/sJ4uJlnUEe  Vaughn asks.  He's not form this country., Taxis are important and could be more important transit.  Greater Boston may have the worst system.  http://t.co/9cAWeH7kCB, Whoops.  http://t.co/IFFN7WPgjg  I used to search NYC for copies of Crawdaddy and then talk about the stories and the music for hours., I used to search NYC for issues of Crawdaddy, the less commercial than Rolling Stone take on rock journalism.  http://t.co/ylONekykLs, Cornell outsources its own ice cream production.  http://t.co/ylONekykLs  Plus Purity is now co-packed elsewhere., Its hard to live in a city where you can't get artisanal peeps.  They're everywhere in LA and NYC., Key Lime Pie is rumored to be next Android iteration.  We recommend Cambridge Lime Pie., logos for SF neighborhoods.  http://t.co/7UdymhZPUa  for Ben, Vaughn, Greg, Hershey, No peeps were harmed while making ice cream.  http://t.co/2ggjj4Ony2, Happy Easter, We're having a tough time getting big Three Muskeeteer bars in order to make Three Drunken Musketeers for Back Deck.  http://t.co/I8V4h0NdvP, Eat New England food in LA  http://t.co/vO0CwgEKtl  or stay here., Original Android icon was 1950's scary  http://t.co/UXoaaPAJ5y, Met friends from Rangeley Maine who talked about weather, moose, bears, loons and the Maine DOT's new roads., Today, Easter Sunday, we are open until 11PM., Person says to Adam, "We heard you make the best ice cream.  We drove all the way form New Haven."   "We do.  Did you bring any pizza?", Permanent Director of Volunteers Hershey Hirschkop visited from her Maine hideaway., OMG Economics dreamboat Mike Gedal got married in Israel!, Working on better version of Black Sesame ice cream for restaurants, MFA designers and Kunisuke., Portugal Jesuits and Japan is excellent.  http://t.co/ypwZVwNVXM  Worth a second trip., Kristina from Bioshock was in.  Tonight's celebrity.  Alex and Raoul both waited on her., These things are great in small ways.  http://t.co/P40M5xRJHb, Chowhound about Paloma Sorbet. We like it & will continue to make flavor while tweaking it.  Invented by Sam Cronin.  http://t.co/UrCXxmeIJH, I thought of it as The Blessing of the Fleet.  In fishing towns, at least in old Italian movies, the priest will come to the harbor and bless the fishing boats.  Then everyone goes out, catches tuna, and returns to Anna Magnani and five kids.  

For all the people who make and sell ice cream in Boston the end of  winter suggests the beginning of our busiest months.  There's more work for everyone and sometimes too much work.  If you stop making ice cream by 11PM in January,  you may have to work until 2AM in May.  The pace accelerates suddenly and well before summer.  Because everyone is so dependent on college students the best months can be April, May or June before school ends.

So last year I thought why don't we have a casual get-together of ice cream makers, business people and pastry chefs to discuss trends and personal changes that might not interest others.

We didn't get together in 2012 but today on a nothing special day in Central Square we met for a breakfast of coffee, tea and pastries from Dwelltime and Iggy's.  Marc Cooper who ran the Allston Herrell's Cafe came.  He now runs Coop's Microcreamery.  Brother Joe Rancatore from Rancatore's in Lexington and Belmont came.  Joe has recently returned from Penn State's short course in ice cream science.  Veronica Janssens from Batch showed up.  Vince Petryk and his director of operations, Kim, got across the river.   Esther Lee from La Morra in Brookline came as did Lauren Breneman from Kenmore Square's Island Creek.  Leah Mennies, Boston Magazine's food editor observed and Gus and Mimi Rancatore from Toscanini's had to be there.  It was a school day for them.

The big topic was probably the ongoing and changing appeal of frozen yogurt.  Vince remembered when people complained if frozen yogurt was acidic.  Indignant customers accused him of selling bad food.  Now people prize a taste that is closer to traditional yogurts.  Most people think the new yogurts are a much better product than the TCBY/ICBY chains of ten to fifteen years ago.  There were comments about the long-term health of some companies and whether frozen yogurt companies were engaged in a zero sum battle with ice cream stores and coffee shops.

Batch will soon have a scoop shop in the Ft. Point neighborhood of Boston.  

People laughed about the proliferation of flavors containing cookies and candies, which professionals call "inclusions."  Must every flavor be made with Oreos or Hydrox Cookies?  

Several people discussed the selfishness of computer users and their complete self absorption when surrounded by people anxious to find a seat.  Several stores are limiting wi-fi.  One coffee shop in Farmington, Maine had a sign that said, "If you need to recharge your computer you've been here too long."  But its hard to live by those words in a city full of colleges and universities.

People talked about ice cream at better restaurants, or white tablecloth restaurants.  Oyster Creek recently made a Miso Caramel which was successful.

If the Mass. Sales Tax goes down will the Meals Tax also decline?   This year there has been so little movement in dairy prices that the subject was not mentioned.  Often 25% of ice cream store costs are dairy.  We didn't talk about health care costs or nutritional labeling.  There were sharp comments about municipal regulation of restaurants.  It was difficult to pick the worst town but several people thought fire departments could be surprisingly difficult.  

No one talked about waking up in the morning covered in dry cream and sugar or the fact that it is difficult to take a vacation until September 15.  That is just part of the territory., Saw Spring Breakers and was struck by the peculiar qualities of younger racism which seems to focus on black people as dangerous and fat., Mark Ostow photo show at Cambridge 7 until 730PM.  Mark talks at 630P.   5th Floor, 1050 Mass. Ave., Get hungry by looking at these plates from Robert Harris of Seasoned to Taste.  http://t.co/oUNYT1c3ii, I love piadina!.  Fred Plotkin has predicted for years that piadina will become a global food., Ace says "Spring Breakers is Point Break without surfing."  Deep., "I would be the dumbest person at MIT & the coolest."  http://t.co/JXEEvJTS8n, Secrets of StripT's, Ribelle and Tim Maslow.  http://t.co/g0E7VuQK7N  Secrets of Watertown., Espro Press and George Howell Coffee  http://t.co/NJU4DRRphy, An unusually caustic review of the Morphosis design for new Perot Museum  http://t.co/Ae681SeTBN, The very nice first and second graders from Fayerweather School came and left to continue their Central Sq. tour at the firehouse., Lawrence Lesser revisits work for cello at NEConservatory  http://t.co/MwfzGVQ01a  FREE, Today is Tuesday Mar 26, 2013.  We're waiting for a little kids tour to arrive.  At the moment we have

French Vanilla
Belgian Chocolate
B3
Malted Vanilla
Coconut
Strawberry
Hydrox Cookie
Rum Raisin
Khulfee
Mango
Green Tea
Bourbon Chocolate Flake
Grapenut
Burnt Caramel
Lemon
Chocolate Chip
Vienna Finger Cookie
Earl Grey
Salty Saffron
Blackberry Lime
Fresh Mint
Lemon Espresso
Just Fluff
Spicy Thai Peanut (NEW:  Honey, Toasted Coconut, Cayenne, Peanut Butter)
White Coffee
Chocolate #3
Salty Caramel
Goat Cheese Brownie
Amaretto Almond

Chocolate Sorbet
Sour Cherry Sorbet

We also have Hot Fudge, Chocolate Turtletop, Brioche Ice Cream Sandwiches,ice cream cakes, and Ice Cream Sangwiches, Little kids test drive Humphrey Slocombe cookbook.  http://t.co/jTtSM1tPR7, Doing a photo shoot with Culture magazine about cheese-flavored ice creams including Goat Cheese Brownie, Creme Fraiche and Coffee Yogurt, Wine & Italian food put me in a good mood to be amused at Belly when customers went outside to smoke cigars and toast marshmallows on grill., big ingredients for big ice creams, null, Years ago an MIT student was charged with possession of a rocket launcher in Sri Lanka.  He now does conflict resolution in Holland., Wholesale for restaurant., Work work work., Judson, coffee ronin, is now in Tokyo eating ramen and pretending to lead a dissolute life.  http://t.co/Ea83x3rfcu, You can get real eggs at McD's.  Just ask.  http://t.co/EHYTKKMkp5  I too have a weakness for the morning menu., Spicy Thai Peanut:  cayenne, toasted coconut, honey.  good., As Tom Carvel might say, "Today is Ramen Sundae Saturday.", Made Vanilla Basil Whey using whey from Sophia.  Next up is a new French Vanilla made with a lot of vanilla beans.  Has to go with a cake., Adam has returned!  Jasmine returned from Austin.  Hooray., Handsome coffee's very simple menu.  No sugar, no flavorings., The Globe covers Pax East  http://t.co/oBQTu7d5In  More interesting than the Yankee Dental convention., RT @jmotzkin: #toscanini's @tosci lemon basil whey ice cream is amazing Happy Birthday!, James Taranto on Frank Bruni's bedroom and soup kitchen.  http://t.co/2Da2C3Pw4L, Where to Eat during Pax East in Boston, Where to Eat During Pax East, and a few snide remarks.

Very few of the good things in Boston can be found in Boston.  And most of the good things in Cambridge are not to be found in expensive nor so interesting Harvard Square.  Harvard Square has lots of ATM’s and a burrito joint on every corner.  if Banco de Mexico opened a branch that sold burritos they would fit in perfectly.  

If you insist on staying in Harvard Square then drop  to the bottom of this article.

PARENTS ARE PAYING

Salt
Gabriel Kremer, Food & Wine Best Young Chef
905 Main St.
617 876-8444
www.saltsrestaurant.com

Craigie on Main
Tony Maws, Food & Wine Best Young Chef and James Beard Award winner
Snout to tail, famous for its hamburger and much more.
853 Main St.
617 497-5511
www.craigieonmain.com

The Blue Room
One Kendall Square (which is not near the Kendall Red Line station
617 494-9034
http://www.theblueroom.net/
Belly is their new and wonderful cafe

Bon Me
One Kendall Square
Vietnamese food is wonderful.  Its always cheaper in Dorchester but this is very good.  They have a truck somewhere.
http://blog.bonmetruck.com

Rendezvous
Lifetime Achievement Award to Chef Steve Johnson
502 Mass. Ave.
617 576 1900
www.rendezvouscentralsquare.com

Bondir
Jason Bond’s very individual take on farm to fork locavore
279 Broadway
Ste A
Cambridge, MA 02139
617 661-0009
www.bondircambridge.com

Area 4
Michael Leviton takes the turnpike in from Newton’s Lumiere
Very good pizza plus
500 Technology Square
On Main St but the address is disguised with a real estate address that doesn’t tell you much at all.
www.areafour.com/

Catalyst
Bill Kovel from Aujourd’hui in Boston
300 Technology Square
Where your venture capitalist takes to give you good news or very bad news.
Close to Area Four but neither addresse is helpful.  See previous complaint about made-up real estate addresses.  Worse than Tokyo for navigation purposes

Hungry Mother
Southern food, specifically the food of western Virginia, created by a team lead by James Beard nominee
233 Cardinal Medeiros Ave
Kendall Square
Cambridge, Ma. 02141
617.499.0090
http://www.hungrymothercambridge.com/



Moksa
Asian fusion and mashup with a club.  
450 Mass. Ave.

Cambridge Brewing Company
Chef David Drew supervises the kitchen.  We make Wort ice cream for them using their wort.  We sell some at our store.
One Kendall Square
617 494-1494
http://www.cambrew.com/



Central Kitchen
Gary Strack’s hip bistro.  Upstairs is Bricks and Mortar, his hip cocktail joint.
567 Mass. Ave.
617 268-0106
www.enormous.tv/central

Firebrand Saints
Gary’s new restaurant in once-lonely Kendall Square
1 Broadway
617) 401-3399

Meadhall
4 Cambridge Center
617  714-4372
www.themeadhall.com
Beer drinking engineers.  Yes!

Central Bottle
handsome wine store, great cheeses and meats and wonderful small bites inspired by Venetian cichetti.  When Flour is overwhelmed dodge in here.  You will be happy and feel a little smug about getting such good food without waiting.
196 Mass. Ave.
617 225-0040
www.centralbottle.com

Flour
The third bakery from Joanne Chang.  Sandwiches, home-made pop tarts and more.
190 Mass. Ave.
617 225-2525
http://flourbakery.com/

EVOO/ ‘Za
‘Za is the pizza and salad cafe.  EVOO is Patrick McCarthy’s restaurant.  Extra Virgin Olive Oli.
350 Third St.
617 661-3866
www.evoorestaurant.com

Abigail’s
291 Third St.
Cambridge, Massachusetts 02142
617 945-9086
A hip gastropub that just opened across from EVOO and next to Abigail’s.  Part of the group of places that might be traced back to East Coast Grill.
abigailsrestaurant.net


Fuji
303 Third St.
Sushi on a street that suddenly has a lot of people on it.

Miracle of Science
The perfect bar for this quirky neighborhood.  Lots of engineers, labtops for tables and photos of Einstein and Dr. Land.  Good ice cream too.
321 Mass. Ave.
617 868-2866.
www.miracleofscience.us/

Middlesex
The guys from Miracle of Science open a lounge-scene.  
315 Mass. Ave.
617 617 868 MSEX
www.middlesexlounge.com

AFRICAN
Bytes
Hidden down an alley parallel to Sidney Street but not really on Sidney.  Great West African food and American lunches.
64 Sidney st.
617 621-3513


Baraka Cafe
Northern African food.  Best lemonade in the world and much more.
80.5 Pearl St.
617 868-3951
www.barakacafe.com

Asmara Ethiopian
Central Square’s first and third African restaurant.
739 Mass. Ave.
617 617) 864-7447
www.asmararestaurantboston.com

Coffee shops
1369
757 Mass. Ave.
617 576-4600
www.1359coffeehouse.com

Dwelltime
364Broadway
http://dwelltimecambridge.com/
No longer Cambridge’s newest very good coffee shop.  Run from Hi Rise to Dwelltime and then on to Voltage.  You will run very fast and be happy.

Voltage
Another new neighbor in once empty Kendall Sq.  Across from EVOO and next to Abigails.
295 Third  St.
617  714-3974
www.voltagecoffee.com

Simon’s
1736 Mass Ave.
Cambridge, Ma.

Simon’s 2
corner of Mass. Ave. and Dana St.
Cambridge 

Now there are two Simon’s.  The first is between Harvard Square and Porter Square, not far from Harvard Law School, Lesley and the Radcliffe Quad.
Simon’s 2 is between Harvard Sqare and Central Square, across the street from Cambridge College, and for old-timers next to where the Orson Welles used to be.  

Starbucks
Venti and Trenta and singular Panini.  Worst version of Italian language in America.  Worse than the Marx Brothers.
655 Mass. Ave
617
www.

Dunkin Donuts
Munchkins!
Mass. Ave.


Toscanini’s
899 Main St.
617 491-5877
www.tosci.com

ASIAN

Mary Chung’s
Dan Dan noodles for weiguoren MIT engineers.
464 Mass. Ave.
617 864-1991
www.marychung.com

Fuji Sushi
300 Third St.
Kendall Sq. 
Cambridge, Ma.



Royal East
Where parents of Chinese MIT students eat.
792 Main St.
617 661-1660
www.royaleast.com

Pu Pu Hot Pot
The real name is No. 1 Scholar’s Special Eating Place
907 Main St.
617 491-6636
www.pupuchinese.com

All Asia
The Cape Cod League of Boston’s music scene.  Every band plays a few gigs here at the start of their careers.
332 Mass. Ave.
617 497-1544
www.allasiabar.com


Pepper Sky
Thai
20 Pearl St.
617 495-2541
wwww.pepperskys.com

Rangzen Tibetan
24 Pearl St.
617 354-8881
www.rangzenfood.com

Theolonious Monkfish
524 Mass. Ave.
617 441-2116
www.facebook.com/theloniousmonkfish

Thailand Cafe
A great Szechuan restaurant hidden inside a Thai restaurant.
302 Mass. Ave.
617 492-2494


INDIAN
Royal Bengal
313 Mass. Ave.
617) 491-1988




MIDDLE EASTERN FOOD

Middle East
472 Mass. Ave.
617
www.mideastclub.com

Zu Zu
474 Mass. Ave.
617  864 -3278 x 237
www.zuzubar.com

Karl’s Rant@Zu Zu
is the daytime version of Zu Zu with outside seating, brunch and lunch

Olive Tree Cafe
245 Mass. Ave.
617 441-8689
www.

BURGER CHAINS AND HEROIC BURGERS
Craigie on Main does not like being famous for its burger.  It is famous for many things but the burger is exceptional and a limited number are served.  Rendezvous also has a special burger.  If you wander out to Watertown there is a fabulous burger at Strip T's, amidst many fabulous things.

B. Good
We are prejudiced but this is our favorite burger chain.  They have lots of stores and a great veggie burger.  Very local.  Very friendly.  They use our ice cream.  

http://www.bgood.com/
Their store in Harvard Square is at 
24 Dunster St.

Four Burgers
704 Mass. Ave.
617 441-5444
www.fourburgers.com

McDonald’s 
463 Mass. ave.
Breakfast and McNuggets, too.


PIZZA
Every band eats here, and their fans. Then the fans start their own band.
Hi Fi Pizza & Giant Sub
496 Mass. Ave.
617 492-4600

Cinderella’s
They deliver everywhere, have a big menu, stay open late and sell Toscanini’s.  They’ll deliver Toscanini’s ice cream too.
901 Main St.
617 576-0280
www.cinderellasitalianfood.com

Chicago Pizza
239 Mass. Ave.
617 497 - 5555
www.cambridgepizza.com

GREATER CENTRAL SQUARE

INMAN SQUARE IS WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE, HAS HIDDEN PARKING AND FURTIVE MBTA SERVICE

East Coast Grill
A long-time purveyor of great foods, tons of  casual fun, “aggressively friendly service!”  
1271 Cambridge St.
Cambridge Mass.
617 491-6568
http://eastcoastgrill.net/

East by Northeast
Modern hip Chinese food, locavore
some people think the portions are small and the prices are high.  I don’t care.
1128 Cambridge st.
617 876-0286
http://exnecambridge.com/#&slider1=1

All Star Pizza
Across the street from All Star Sandwiches.  I say this epitomizes straightahead good pizza.
Corner of Prospect St. and Cambridge St.
1238 Cambridge St.
Cambridge, Mass.
617 547-0836
http://www.allstarpizzabar.com/directions.php

Clover Hub
Veggie and vegan food that everyone loves.  And they have Grillo’s Pickels as a neighbor.
1275 Cambridge St.
Cambridge Mass.

http://www.cloverfoodlab.com/?page_id=2248


Tupelo
Elvis was born in Tupelo, MIss.  Its a song by Van Morrison and the name of the chef’s daughter.  A tupelo tree has beautiful flowers and produces great honey.

1193 Cambridge Street
Cambridge, Ma.
617 868-0004
http://tupelo02139.com/

UNION SQ., SOMERVILLE

Over a rise and across some railroad tracks.  Some day the Green Line will arrive and this neighborhood will become special

Meantime there are several very good places to eat.

Casa B.
A worthwhile neighbor for Journeyman, small Colombian and Puerto Rican tapas-style plates in a very designed restaurant
253 Washington St. (which is hard to find but well worth the effort)
617-764-2180
http://www.casabrestaurant.com/


Journeyman
Very avant garde food in a room that looks like something you’d find in Central Berlin or East London.  Try their dessert tasting menu.
9 Sanborn Court
617-764-2180
http://www.journeymanrestaurant.com/

Back Bar is their amazing hole in the wall artisanal cocktail bar.  A new favorite.

WATERTOWN 

Watertown is down the Charles River from Cambridge.  You can reach it by driving down the parkways on either side of the river or taking a bus along Mt. Auburn St.  It is loaded with Armenian groceries and food stores, several Persian places and

Strip T’s
The restaurant find of the year.  Great food in an out of the way location.
Delicious lunch and dinner.

93 School Street
Watertown Mass.
617 923-4330
http://www.stripts.com/, The Ramen Sundae may only be available this weekend, in celebration of Pax East and Vericom.  http://t.co/2ggjj4Ony2, We, or more specifically Adam Tessier, have invented the Ramen Sundae.  The Ramen Sundae's invention was prompted by this weekend's giant Pax East gaming convention and the smaller Vericom science fiction get-together sponsored at Harvard.  A measure of a startup's success is when it achieves Ramen self-sufficiency, or the ability to pay everyone enough money to feed themselves the essential ramen.  Toscanini's has achieved ramen self-sufficiency!, A kind and frustrating visit with Lourdes of Fiore di Nonno.  We have been experimenting with whey as an ingredient and Fiore di Nonno makes a lot of great cheese near Union Sq., Somerville.  They're most famous for their buratta which might be misunderstood as mozzarella with mozzarella inside.  They are on the third floor of the same building as the exquisite Taza Chocolate.  What a neighborhood.  

Lourdes was making and packing cheeses for restaurants in Maine and talked about her version of a northern Italian soft cheese that has captured her attention.  We had the smallest tastes because neither of us are supposed to be eating with enthusiasm.  

I have a theory that you can lose more weight if you are in proximity to food you want to eat so this visit was like being a reactor with all the graphite rods gone.  Lourdes had a small table set up with pesto.  Oh help me, please.

We sampled the new cheese and talked briefly about the importance of names because the new cheese has yet to be christened.  

I took a small sample for a friend and left, avoiding the near occasion of sin or temptation or whatever.  

Then we drove out to Watertown to visit the Ft. Knox-like premises of MEM Tea.  Every restaurant you like uses teas from the company founded by Mark E. Mooradian.  Recently MEM moved from Somerville.  We visited to return a tea we didn't need but primarily to see the new digs.  Tea warehouses have a thick exotic air.  Cardboard boxes from all over the world are piled high.  We use Earl Grey and Matcha to make ice creams.  We order 25 teas to drink including my favorite White Peony.  

The whey from Fiore di Nonno made a good ice cream.  We'll send the recipe to Culture which is writing a piece about ice creams made with cheese.  And eventually we'll eat all the new cheeses she makes and drink tea., Sandra is making Thai Spicy Peanut; Sam is making Green Tea, B3, Strawberry, The reason Shake Shack went to Chestnut Hill is because its a Potemkin Village version of Forest Hills, Queens., Celebrity customer Greer Gilman was in.  She does everything James Joyce does except backwards and in high heels., Adam's new creation, the Ramen Sundae debuts on Friday., A very busy weekend between PaxEast and Vericon at Harvard  http://t.co/q1RB1ryVe7  Not much time for the prosaic world, love this  http://t.co/8ToGfomVw4, Boston CyberArts for PaxEast  http://t.co/oL8IfQjLJq, Starbucks hits a speed bump on the road to a cashless future  http://t.co/N35tAOJ7ob, Perfume guys found by Vaughn.  http://t.co/xQyJNthpLZ, Clyde Barrow of UMassDartmouth comments on Indian casino horse trading.  Really?  Clyde Barrow?  What does Bonnie think?, 230P>6P Central Sq Winter Wednesday Farmers Market  http://t.co/ME85CdxZjs  Where Blockbuster was and Man Ray will be, One of our nicest wholesale customers, 606 is morphing into a new place related to Maine's Arrows restaurant.  http://t.co/IqAzNKpcgb, We've been experimenting with mustard ice cream while Will Gilson serves it at Puritan Company.  http://t.co/w76mrISViV  Pace of innovation., A long article on Howard Zinn  http://t.co/iu0U2ZgACC, This almost reads like Jimmy Breslin wrote it.  http://t.co/kRGIx1M8vV, A winning project to create 100 new flavors.  http://t.co/dMvQvQ2Is6  Crowdscooping?, MIT takes time off from gene-splicing and inertial guidance systems to study cheese  http://t.co/XtKWwKizyy, What's wrong with Boston according to Onion reader.  http://t.co/g3wCg3LC9g, Good eats in St. Looey.  http://t.co/vDWU4cJqHg, Paddy suggests Otaku Kinako for a flavor?, Any ideas for a PaxEast flavor?, Be careful.  PaxEast is coming  http://t.co/KSIirgFqYO, Cambridge's City Council muddles some more about development issues  http://t.co/LXqMzPTkku, Growing up our sainted Irish mother insisted we celebrate St. Joseph's Day, sort of Father's Day in Italy  http://t.co/mvnaAkTrOy  Tomorrow., The FBI claims they know who robbed the Gardner,and so did a woman I dated.  She was a detective and I had asked what she was working on.  "I'm always working on the Gardner.  I know who did it, too.  This guy named Noah Berry."  

"Noah Berry the bike mechanic and artist?" I asked.

"Yeah.  Do you know him?"

"Sure.  He works for me at Toscanini's."  

"Well he did it and I'm going to get him." she said emphatically,conclusively eating the last French fry.

The next day I saw Noah and I said, "Noah, do you know you're a suspect in the Gardner case?" 

"Oh jeesus.  Not again.  Every year or two I start getting followed while they try to figure out if I hid the paintings somewhere.  I was a guard at the museum but I wasn't supposed to work that night.  One of the other guards asked me to cover for him and I said I had to play a gig with my band.  That's it."

Noah was an altogether special person,who I thought might very well have robbed the museum.  He knew about art and he knew many practical things.  His father made a small Midwestern fortune manufacturing turnstiles for the New York Transit Authority.  He spoke Spanish and Serbian and worked as a male model and stripper.  He had a girl friend who was half Puerto Rican and half Polish who he described as a Polo Rican.  I could easily imagine Noah dancing naked around a Vermeer painting at a summer home in Michigan's Upper Penisula.  His business card said "Noah Berry" on one side and "Knowledgeable in Some Matters" on the other side.

Years later I ran into him in Brooklyn.  He was exasperated after returning from a trip to France.  "While I was in Paris someone robbed an art museum.  This is all I need.  Here we go again.", These pears don't peel themelves., So was Barry Maiden of Hungry Mother and Melissa Kelly of Primo in Rockland Maine., Jamie Bisonette and Joanne Chang were both nominated for James Beard awards, best chef NE., 22 hours ago India was driving world coffee price up but 7 hours later they seem to be heading down.  http://t.co/4617q5GZXz  I need a drink, Eater.com has lots of neighborhood news.  Tony Maws is opening a second restaurant on Kirkland Street, near Beacon Street.  This is the former site of Kirkland Cafe where Chelsea on Fire once rocked and across the street from Savenor's and Acme Ice.  Acme supplies us and everyone else with dry ice.  Years ago architect-entrepeneur Ben Thompson planned a steak house with Savenor's  that would have been located in the same block.  Never happened.

Area Four will reverse the usual sequence and open a truck somewhere.

And longtime Main Street neighbor Stefani's Pizza has closed to be replaced by Primo Roast Beef and Pizza.  There was a second Stefani's on Brookline in Cambridgeport.  For many years Stefani's was owned by guys from Greece who seemed to share a pizza oven and a Mercedes.  One guy returned to Greece but left the restaurant and car behind.  I love Greek pizza and it  was a guilty pleasure to have them as neighbors.  Some day the NYTimes Food section will be full of stories about guys who revive the lost art of cheesey, bready Greek Pizza.  

One idea that we abandoned was to name the store the Cambridge Tower of Ice Cream, and use one of those leaning tower of Pisa signs.  I wanted to put a scoop of ice cream on top.  

Much has changed in our corner of Cambridge.  When we opened La Groceria was on the corner now occupied by Craigie on Main.  Sounded like a Latin food store but wasn't.  Across the street was Colleen's which sounded like an Irish bar but wasn't.  It became the Royal East where MIT parents ate better Chinese food.  Topp's Donuts made great donuts.  The neighborhood smelled sweetly from the still busy candy factories.   Polaroid had a wonderful photo gallery in the base of what is now an empty building, Just one more day to celebrate St. Patrick's Day at our partner b.good!  , A transport forum, almost certainly without apologies from the people who spent everything on the Big Dig http://t.co/wniKGAy4NR, News about Area 4 food truck, new Tony Maws place and Stefani's House of Pizza.  http://t.co/6HTkcYJHnp, One more day of B Good using our ice cream to make Shamrock Shakes.  Its part of Evacuation Day, or Secret St. Pat's., MeiMei Food Truck is up for Food Truck Rookie of the year and name that most reminds me of Maggie Cheung in Jackie Chan's Police Story, With the death of the Phoenix, J. Pat of The Dig just became editor of Boston's largest weekly.  Congrats., List of Saturday night flavors http://t.co/2ggjj4Ony2  plus tips about finding Carmen and Jasmine., Flavors for Saturday night, March 16, 2013

We have
French Vanilla
Belgian Chocolate
Khulfee
Goat Cheese Brownie
Earl Grey 
B3 (Brown Sugar, Brown Butter and Brownies!)
Cocoa Rum Chip
Gianduia (Chocolate Hazelnut)
Cookie Dough
Black(berry) & Blue(berry)
Coffee
Hydrox Cookie
Grape Nut
Maple walnut
Cocoa Rum Chip
Burnt Caramel
Strawberry
Chocolate Chip
Banana
Sweet Cream
Saffron Orange Cardamom
Salty Caramel
Vienna Finger Cookie
Fluffernutter
Amaretto Almond
Coffee Hydrox Cookie
Fresh Mint
Almond Joy
Mint Julep

Mango Sorbet
Coconut Sorbet
Paloma Sorbet (tequila, sprite and salt)

We also have Hot Fudge, Hot Spiced Butterscotch, and Chocolate Turtletop., Got a lot done with a lot of effort.   Basil Vanilla and Tarragon didn't work because I left too many leaves in the mixture and they fouled the ice cream machines.  So we melted everything, sieved both and tried again.  The Goat Cheese was too lumpy to spin so we ran that through the Cuisinart before freezing it.  This is for a recipe for Culture magazine.  Now its pretty good.  We made a different chocolate and had to reheat it and whisk it to get what turned into a fine texture.  And throughout the day Sam Cronin and I worked on Pear Chardonnay Sorbet.  Which he froze in time for the beginning of Boston's Restaurant Week., We made Basil Vanilla and Tarragon and are still working on Pear Chardonnay Sorbet.  + a small version of Goat Cheese for Culture magazine, Barista News:  First Judson left Hi Rise and on Thursday Kristof had his last shift at Dwelltime.  He returns to Europe.  Judson is a ronin., Alt weeklies like the phoenix were once incredibly profitable.  http://t.co/LQ31RCntgN, Charley Pierce on George Kimball, Bob Sales and the Phoenix  http://t.co/Dyp7g5kmKV, Restaurant week starts tomorrow until Friday., Working on Chardonnay Pear Sorbet for 606's Restaurant Week., Jay Z looks like Meshach from Designing Women.  Leah Dunham looks like Lido from Lido & Stitich.  Might act like Stitch., The two best things I ate in were street food:  bag of fruit in Venice and sandwich at Eggslut near Handsome Coffee.  Among the year's best.

– https://twitter.com/tosci/status/312655345883418624, Aaron W from St. Louis County and San Francisco returned to acclaim and awe.  Taller, faster and smarter.

– https://twitter.com/tosci/status/312654623263580161, We have to make Irish Coffee for St. Patty's Day.  And we have.  Plus Earl Grey which seems a little Anglophile.

– https://twitter.com/tosci/status/312654323563786240, We're putting in a new WIFI setup in the store.  Don't worry, it'll still be free!, LA has a piñata district!  An arts district.  Lots of hills and surprises.  Strangely its not a good city for driving., At Scoops, outside in sun, eating Raspberry Lychee, Yuzu Lemon , Salty Choc., Google maps have travel times -to quote sage of silver lake- that reveal Silicon Valley optimism., Another very good pop tart, a cap and a pacnor at Cafe Vita.  More medicinal sunshine, thank you., LACMA has small netsukes, giant "levitating rock"and bacon fig pop tarts., Two amazing LA desserts:  $5 bag of fruit in Venice that was awesome and sweet pancakes outside Assi Korean grocery.  Tiny perfection., Visited two Intelligentsia stores in LA.  Service was friendly & efficient at both.  Coffee good, too.  Better baked goods.  Hats in one., Way out west eating at Rem Coolhaus in Culver City.  Good stuff.  Then walked down the street to Bulgarini Gelato.  A very good street., A nice article about Ben and Jerry's service recovery efforts.  http://t.co/qhQoT58Nj9, Still haven't got to Journeyman dessert tasting menu., A Short Border Handbook by Gazmend Kapllani is Albanian Vonnegut without Ice9, I got a long flight with Granta and Oscar Wao., 899 SXSW:  Ace secured new round of financing, garlic knots at Area4, rejoined Today, Jr for album & tour, Threadgil's Breakfast, Central Market to hear Czech-Mex shoegazing band,  meet VC's at Amy's for Mexican Vanilla cone.  Imaginary SXSW., Today's WSJ has a piece on New Irish Food by Gastronomica's Darra Goldstein., New Emperor movie is not as good as John Dower's Embracing Defeat.  Wonderfully written., United Airlines sent us flight delay email at 9AM,  5 hours after their suggested arrival time at Logan, I love Daylight Savings Time!  Central Square Summer Time if I may be permitted., Planet Money's scariest unemployment chart.  http://t.co/KSHHIdFvlm, Texans copy our Honk! Fest.  http://t.co/5Jja7sQ5Jt  We copy SXSW by going to Hi Fi Pizza and tweeting about heading to TT the Bear's, OMG  Its time to pick up our SXSW badges.  http://t.co/JjtDaT58gY
"Bodges.  We don't need no stink in' bodges.", The second batch of Whey was better than the first batch of Feta.  More work on both flavors.  Got a great Orange Honey and a great Anise., Mark Mooradian has been growing Elderflower and Chamomile in Maine.  He shared some of his harvest with Corby., About 50 future Mechanical Engineers have arrived.  Very nice, friendly Mech E's., Maurice Cunningham of UMass.Boston on the state's corruption.  http://t.co/ig69FHjsy2, To brighten a crappy day we all had lunch from Bon Me in Kendall.  A bit less character than you'd find in Chinatown or Dorchester but great, Just put up a beautiful poster portrait of Aaron Swartz for the March 12 memorial service., We made a second batch of Whey.  Hmmm.  And Vanilla Yogurt and Coffee Yogurt., Chad Sarno, coauthor of Crazy Sexy Kitchen visited.  His business card contains a seed that can be planted, making it the best ever card., Oh boy!  Its Old Boy and the rest of the vengeance trilogy from Park Chan-wook and Korea.  http://t.co/Qm4IUFIVYo, Special guest star from Providence, RI, Created by Emerson students this too is very good.  http://t.co/9hFptVmDH9, Bondir recommends this beautiful website  http://t.co/609cJ252NE, Tonight is community night at Whole Foods in Woburn and we wanted to go but that lingering cold will keep us in Cambridge.  Nice store., This is a fine and handsome blog about Sicilian cookies.  http://t.co/bIg3INEY2K, Harvard grad Doc Willoughby, cows and fire  http://t.co/8uWN9eYHz6, Neil Port-Brown has a nice review of Bergamont http://t.co/NznNOpCOV5, Central Sq Winter Wednesday Market starts at 230PM where Blockbuster used to be and where Man Ray will be., Rendezvous in Central Sq. is on http://t.co/ryFKKx7p0r's list of 25 underrated restaurants in the US.  http://t.co/v8Ls1PEBtb, Ice cream for dogs!  http://t.co/vBwsRXrS2i, Generation F (Flatliners)  http://t.co/2xI7qFzyhq  They roam our streets., This is a good idea!   http://t.co/2sybBTuEax Journeyman dessert-tasting menu., Mathholes?  http://t.co/gFCWToi16Y  In Cambridge for the Sloan Sports Stats wingding., We have 1999 followers!  Who's going to be our 2000th?, The march of progress.  http://t.co/MpXOlfzOAi  Winter does not discourage Minnesotans., The big red cow on top of the old VW dealer on Western Ave. in Allston is not a new Hilltop.  Its Swissbakers.  http://t.co/sJmQTH4XwN, We had an informal wedding reception yesterday.  The bride and group met at Toscanini's and showed up after the wedding., Today is the third day of the third month  http://t.co/EhZSzhFumV  Girls Day in Japan, Bananas Foster , Lime Vanilla Bean, & Lemon Almond Chip are coming., Sandra's German Chocolate Cake will be available this weekend., Sullivan's pays $671/month for its parking lot.  Lotsof room for food trucks.  http://t.co/U82TvpOnYA, I sold my bass to open store.  http://t.co/vHzO2hAr90  5 best James Jamerson bass songs on motown, chosen by his son., After allegedly "diverting" $10M in special ed funds guy will get $10K/month pension  http://t.co/Zek49beIew  Ahh Mass., New darker roast from Barismo.   Hmm.  Grower will be in town in April for SCAA., We do a number of flavors with cheese, in part because of taste and in part for texture.  Working on cheesecake flavor., After hearing about discovery of Clover fruit cup I stopped by H2 store and also found Vincenzo who was in the hospital for food truck show., Did several experiments with Mustard from the Voltaggio cookbook.  Not sure where this is going but it is interesting in terms of texture., Sandra made Saffron Orange Khulfee by request for Media Lab folks.  Will have this for most of the weekend.  Ask if you don't see it., Three unusual musicians at MIT Sat 730P  http://t.co/6WcTGKkMFq, Overheard at Hi Rise, "Funny you don't look not Jewish.", Brennan Carley of Bostonmagazine on Clover's Food Truck wingding.  http://t.co/YgupmjSLGX, Sandra Fairbank and half of Boston's women architects were at Casa B's., Worked on flavor from Voltaggio and 2 different versions of Lebovitz vanilla., Is Twitter like short wave radio?, Went to Food Truck event at Clover.  All of Cambridge St smelled of rosemary from the famous fries., Very nice people at Christina's spice shop sold me mustard seeds for a savory ice cream then sold me a butterscotch ice cream., A friend said that if you live in Boston a good parking day is like a good hair day., There are many bad new parking meters but Union Sq Somahville has the worst!, Tiny silverware, seductive glassware & bar stools for couples @ CasaB.  Great food too., Back bar ran out of After School Special Ramen.  Have to return earlier.  Gerry., Youth of America shift with Alex, John & Raoul.  Boy band from Belmont!, Today -rainy as it is- is Central Sq Winter Wednesday farmers market.  541 Mass Ave where Man Ray will reappear. 230P-630p, Is Jose coming by to take stuff to Doug?, The Brattle has kickstarted $139K and needs $11K in four days to reach its goal.  http://t.co/TxlSUliEda, Sunday morning Chai hunt with My Pet Shark lead us out to Cafe Fix.  A sweet guy didn't complain when he got displaced.  Good cap too, Leon Lin of The Tech reports on changes in Kendall Sq and near Kendall on MIT property.  http://t.co/XQaZBJDBtH, Sundays are play days in the kitchen, at least until the weather gets better.  Thought about making Mustard ice cream from the Voltaggio Ink cookbook but decided to make French Vanilla.  Also working on flavors from Emily Luchetti's excellent Stars cookbooks:  Orange Honey and an offbeat Pistachio.  Eating alone at Stars remains a wonderful memory of SF.  These book encourage me to shop better for expensive pistachios and mustard., Anybody can walk, ride or pedal across the Mass. Ave. bridge., Sam Cronin made good Mint Julep.  Available tomorrow after slush storm or whatever happens., David Winner of Leonard Stephens haircutting in Harvard Square is usually described as Warren Beatty on an imported bicycle.  Happy Bday!, Scooted up Interstate 93 to the Addison Gallery at Phillips Academy in Andover Mass.  

http://www.andover.edu/Museums/Addison/Exhibitions/OnViewNow/Pages/default.aspx

The Addison is a smaller museum that often has great shows.  Last year there was a show about artists who laid the foundation for The New York School.  Sebastian Smee of the Globe said it was the best show of the year.

http://www.bostonglobe.com/arts/theater-art/2012/12/29/sebastian-smee-top-picks-for-art-museum-shows/Pph2omd7tehbcUCN0l063J/story.html

On Saturday we went to see two current shows.  One was a big show about photography that included Aaron Siskind on Harlem, Bruce Davidson on youth gangs and Robert Franck’s famous The Americans.  The second show was about prints and printmaking. 

http://www.bostonglobe.com/arts/theater-art/2013/02/16/permanent-series/7uAxisgY4FmFHEBcr61rCM/story.html

While there we ran into Ken Field

http://kenfield.org/bio.htm

After the show we went into Andover Center to Perfect Perk.  It wasn’t perfect but percolating isn’t the best way to make coffee but it was good enough.  Everyone was friendly and there were baked goods as well as the usual coffee drinks. 

Addison also has a basement exhibition of wooden ship models.  When my father was a boy he visited the same boats., MIT lockdown was a mistake.  I think they're going to find some gamer or goof engaged in costly.  Halo in the infinite corridor., JoseSPiano has arrived as well as Carmen, & refugees from an MIT/Europe Conference.  City Council candidate Patrick tried to organize posse., Backbar makes 10 orders of super ramen a day.  $12 each.  Except for Tuesday when they're closed.  http://t.co/LYSSRfJG1u, Boston has a lot of landscape training and a few firms.  The Boston Architecture College has a good show on Swiss landscape design., Everyone should know that Culture is about cheese and cheese-making.  Did an interview today with William Firtman from their SF office., Friday night list of flavors and scoopers and toppings at Toscanini's in Central Square, Cambridge.  http://t.co/2ggjj4Ony2, Friday Night Ice Cream Action!  In Central Sq.  Fe 22, 2013

French Vanilla
Belgian Chocolate 
Chocolate Chip
B3 (our most popular flavor)
Khulfee (cardamom and nuts)
Gianduia (chocolate hazelnut)
Hydrox Cookie (like an Oreo, but came first and always kosher)
Maple Walnut
Ginger Snap Molasses
Strawberry
Grapenut
Malted Vanilla
Banana
Burnt Caramel
Ginger
Rum Raisin
Coffee
Green Tea
Cocoa Pudding
Salty Caramel
Cherry Vanilla
Thin Mint (Girl Scout Cookies)
Lemon Espresso
Blackberry Lime
Peanut Butter Honey
Amaretto Almond
Bourbon Vienna Finger Cookie
Goat Cheese Brownie
Cinnamon Nutmeg
Earl Grey

Coconut Sorbet
Pink Grapefruit Sorbet

We also have Hot Fudge, Hot Spiced Butterscotch and Lemon Salted Chocolate Turtletop.

Adam, Colleen, Raoul, half of Today Junior!, Those buds are yellow.  Every year this is the earliest forsythia in Cambridge, on the other side of my back yard fence, lovingly tended by members of the British Commonwealth., The acerbic John Kass of Chicago Tribune on Jesse Jackson Jr., who spent some of his money on elk heads.  http://t.co/eXUQea7vW0, Interesting Cambridge Historical Association event on little known Black Secret Service agent.  https://t.co/A61nNi5LT3, Not everything works.  The Pomegranate Molasses Lime was just tart.  It was based on George's Pineapple Molasses Lime dessert.  Oh well., Just visiting.  No ice cream at six months., The Coffee Ovaltine is -I think- good but I have to referee a dispute between partisans of different Ovaltines:  Euro, Classic, Chocolate…., The flavors for a sunny but cold Thursday February 21, 2013

French Vanilla
Belgian Chocolate
Chocolate Chip
Mint Chocolate Chip
Bourbon Vienna Finger
Amaretto Almond
Peanut Butter Honey
Mixed Berry
Rather Dark Chocolate
Mexican Chocolate 
Cherry Vanilla
Barismo Espresso
Lemon Espresso
Salty Caramel
Banana
Rum Raisin
Ginger 
Burnt Caramel
B3
Nocciola
Hydrox Cookie
Maple Walnut
Ginger Snap Molasses
Strawberry
Grapenut
Malted Vanilla
Khulfee (cardamom &nuts)
Goat Cheese Brownie
Cinnamon Nutmeg
Earl Grey

Coconut Sorbet
Pink Grapefruit Sorbet

We also have fudge, Hot Spiced Butterscotch and Salty Lemon Chocolate Turtletop., null, OMG.  I forgot to study anthropology.  http://t.co/eGiTPQL83K  Microsoft is the second largest employer of anthros., We ran out of Hot Spiced Butterscotch and remedied that crisis.  Also made Pomegranate Lime after having Pineapple Molasses Lime in RI., Maine celebrities tried Kinako which was not a big favorite, new coffee made for Andover High School visitors., A short article on Blue Bell Creameries regional favorites:  Rum Raisin in Miami, Rocky Mountain Road in Denver…. http://t.co/eRe5BhDoIw, Read.  http://t.co/zLQinGux8a  Get hungry.  Go to 1105 Mass. Ave., "Glida" is Hebrew for ice cream.  I know because of this silly story in Israel.  http://t.co/ueovVfCnJ2, Went to the Central Sq. Wednesday Winter Market and got a good chocolate croissant from Biscuit and veggies from a farm in Dartmouth, MA, Grantland is web-based sports section but this is good writing about food and food people  http://t.co/dfDkRQxYbO, Andy from BGood Burlington store stopped by for Mint Chip Shake.  He looked like his photo., Brattle Kickstarter is over $82K  http://t.co/QPlk8Stuan  8 short days to go, Today I'm working on Coffee Ovaltine after a conversation with English guy in RI, plus Black Sesame., Had an excellent Guatemalan from George Howell at Ride Studio and very excellent hot chocolate.  Let's get back to the bike path., Meems and Gus went out to Ranc's for Tiger Milk.  Next flavor might be Toucan Milk from Fruit Loops unless it is considered hate language., Went all the way to Rhode Island to run into former scooper Sarah Francis.  After theater in NYC she's doing political radio here in Boston, Central Sq Winter Market at 541 Mass. Ave.  230P>630P.  Today, We Fe 20., GQ's Alan Richman has a list of best restaurants in the US.  http://t.co/nUZj7vXA  There is one from Cambridge:  West Bridge., Sandra just made Lime Vanilla Bean.  Saved pints for customers who love citrus ice cream.  Taking some for a party., Donald Richie died at 88, author of a great weird book, The Inland Sea., Another attempt at popularizing gelato  http://t.co/PzTN9ZAl  7 new flavors from Haagen Dazs which I haven't yet found., Who knows the word "chronological"?  Homeland Security is interested in tracking cell phones and tablets., With 10 days to go the Brattle has more than half its Kickstarter campaign.  http://t.co/Fj6EC46v, Jonathan Richman doesn't think "Roadrunner is good enough to be state song."  Hah.  Then its back to the Bee Gees.  http://t.co/vi8JxqWr, We buy a lot of girl scout cookies to make a lot of ice cream, getting cookies from Chelsea Troops #717777 and #75445., Opening Remarks at American Association for Advancement of Science.  

Not really.  Last night I spoke briefly at a small version of Marc Abraham's IgNobel awards, presented at the Sheraton Boston as part of the Smart People Gone Wild AAAS convention. 

The Ig's are related to the Annals of Improbable Research.  http://www.improbable.com/

Last night's  event included a report from Dartmouth College on brain activity in dead fish, the efficacy of Coca Cola douches when used as birth control, a video of two very intelligent Swiss scientists breaking bottles over each other's head in order to determine if empty bottles are more dangerous than full bottles,  and a report Roman orgies and an orgy at the Harvard Classics Dept.


I spoke about the Science of Ice Cream.

There were also songs from two operas, one about coffee and the other about Big Bangs or Big Banks, I think


"I own Toscanini’s ice cream in Cambridge near MIT and not too far from Harvard, Boston University and Northeastern.  I’m here tonight because thirty years ago I took a short course in ice cream science at Rutgers University’s appropriately-named Cook College.  My brother Joe owns Rancatore’s ice cream in Belmont and Lexington , Mass.  He just returned from ice cream science school at Penn State  This is where Ben and Jerry learned to make ice cream, a task made difficult by Ben’s near complete absence of taste buds.  Ben could however discern texture and he turned what seemed like a handicap into an advantage by loading ice creams up with candy bars, cherries, chocolate chips and bits of uncooked cookie dough.  You don’t have to attend AAAS to elicit a snicker by mentioning ice cream science.  

Most state universities have ag schools and most ag schools have dairy programs and lodged within those dairy programs are men dedicated to sort of improving the American ice cream industry, which is not quite the same thing as making better ice cream.  

There are issues in the life of an ice cream maker that touch on science but usually they involve social sciences like anthropology, sociology and marketing.  I read constantly about foods.  Whenever I travel I’m always looking for new ice cream flavors.  Not only am I looking for new tastes and flavors and -in a nod towards poor handicapped multimillionaire Ben textures but I am looking for such things that have already demonstrated some broad appeal.  

We make Italian and South Asian flavors because we have customers from those places but also because we are looking for “crossover” flavors that have appeal beyond traditional groupings and markets.

When I was a child only Jews ate bagels and only Italians ate pizza.  Now America is watching a struggle between Latin cuisines and South Asian foods to see what new flavors will emerge.

On a trip to Japan I was walking away from an oversized temple on the top of a steep hill,  I ate a simple, healthy-seeming street food, almost a nibble, that consisted of a pasta like dough with Kinako.  Kinako is roasted soy flour.  It is also called Konggomul in Korean and Bubuk Kedele in Indonesian.  We have very few Indonesian customers so I had to look this up.

Kinako has a powdery texture that reminded me of Green Tea which I like, but I know many Americans do not.  It also has a savory nutty taste that reminds some of peanuts.  Nonetheless I liked it and thought it might be possible to make an ice cream flavor using it as the chief ingredient.  Kinako is a type of Kit Kat bar in Japan, but in Japan almost anything can be a Kit Kat flavor.

As an ingredient Kinako looks like malt powder but “behaves nothing at all like malt powder.”  I thought it would be simple to experiment with one of several recipes we already use for Malted Vanilla.  I was wrong. The ice cream was inedible and almost unscoopable.  It was as though I had made concrete.  

But the famous Vaughn Tan helped me understand the problem.  Kinako is a toasted legume flour which is thoroughly dehydrated but also high in fat which makes it difficult to rehydrate.  He said I needed to hydrate the kinako powder and could do that by letting the powder infuse overnight in a a liquid of cream and milk and sugar.  It would gelatinize.  

We’ve been able to make a plausible ice cream that tastes like the Kinako I enjoyed in Japan, but now we have to sell it which will call for persistence and attention to the often unvoiced comments of customers and non-customers.", All Bugs Review starts in 20 minutes at Brattle.  http://t.co/k77GM398  Beer, popcorn and wabbits., Some people go to Burning Man.  I went to AAAS.  Thanks to IgNobels it included explosions, assaults with bottles, orgies and Coke douches, 39th Harvard National Forensics Tournament is overwhelming city with young articulate leaders., a weblong about dried-up things from far away.  http://t.co/qgZqch7y, Long-time H2 daytime manager Dan showed up with his family  and a bunny after a Veggie Galaxy showdown.   He also does their website., Another round of work on the Kinako which was discussed last night at the AAAS., In the fifth graph Sebastian Smee  explains the '70's.  http://t.co/j8aqa2Km, Working on Coffee ice cream recipe for Big Gay Ice Cream truck cookbook., Just made another, stronger batch of Honey Anise., RT @onekade: the US military uses contractors to recruit anthro PhDs from top programs like Harvard. Here's 1 pitch: http://t.co/FjZzEdJr, Daniel Gewertz says goodbye to Johnnie's Foodmaster  http://t.co/5eEkAUXC, Its sold out but I and other IgNobel types will be speaking at American Association for the Advancement of Science.    Discussing Kinako., Russian dash-cams, cameras mounted on auto dashboards.  Where all those meteor videos came from.  http://t.co/VWKzbZ4L, I still like minidiscs.  http://t.co/FshqW5RD  Thanks to Steve Ditko Solomon., AllAsia becomes Prospect after crowd sourcing  http://t.co/RV6vdtPB, AAAS is in town and Harvard Speech and Debate event.  I'll be speaking at the AAAS with the IgNobel gang., Why do pull-down menus continue to exist?  If I type in my zip code shouldn't that be enough?, Former scooper and LA artist Betsy Rives came by for B3, Khulfee & Nocciola.  We saved all her doodles., "Two Against Nature" by Steely Dan is a better album when listened to in a car.  I wish it were less subtle., Paul's Ride is a nice fundraiser for Door2Door/SCM Transportation.  Send them $., Go home and get your cowboy boots.  Larry Flynt and Roads Scholars perform at Sally's in Union Sq Somahville.  6P>9PM.  Not that Larry Flint, Finally went to new Barismo in Ahlington.  Had a wonderful Gildardo from Colombia and talked with Silas, our own Indiana Jones., 20th anniversary of 1369 raised $10K for On the Rise and Food For Free!!, Ohh.  We just got a box of Donuts from Union Sq. Donuts, with a breathless report that JJ Gonson was there.  Bacon Maple donut.  Hmmm, Happy St. Vanilla Day., The Globe on Amanda and Neil working with Brattle on Kickstarter  http://t.co/8MqJpJ0X, International smarts guys night:  Vaughn, Grigorio on a scooter, Vlad, Emilio.  Where's Durjoy?, Tracy Slater blog  http://t.co/eBzMhab2  Four Stories returns to Central Sq, Middlesex Tu March 5., Spartacus at the MFA.  Casablanca at Brattle.  What to do?, The Linebacker of Love moves to Lenxington  http://t.co/1991OXpk, Most restaurants expect someone to cry on St. Valentine's Day, with joy or sadness
http://t.co/jtxRNjvm, 7P>9P Central Sq -again- at Mid Cambridge Neighborhood Association in Spaulding Rehab, 230P>6P Central Sq Farmers Market where Blockbuster was, Last night at Asta:  risotto, maple, perfect toasted hazelnuts and beet foam.  That was the very beginning.  Wow, How do Newbury St. retailers fail about paying $$$ for unplowed streets and unshoveled walks?, Patni says CVS makes her wander through the St. Valentine's Day candy displays to reach her psychiatric drugs., Coffee lids are now a design school staple.  http://t.co/JzPTOOkr, Tommy rescued a storm-damaged grocery in Rhode Island, delivering replacement pints.  Like getting serum through to Nome., Today is Fat Tuesday and Pączki Day in Hamtramck, Michigan.  I like the bakery in Salem across form the Peabody Essex., For a thousand dollar donation to the Brattle Kickstarter you can go to the movies with Amanda Palmer and Neil Gaiman.   They will tweet!, 730P tonight, Tu Fe 12 at Harvard's Memorial Church.  FREE organ recital, Years ago Michael Burkin took me to Sami's in the Medical Area.  A wonderful hidden after midnight gem.  http://t.co/cGhBf0C4, Why does the receptionist at the Audiologist whisper?  Grrr., Why the receptionist at the Audiologist office whisper?, Crowdsourcing aerobics.  We wanted to make flavor for Super storm Little Nemo, a name no one likes.  We are offering FREE Pep Farm goldfish., Anti-semitism, assimilation & class:  Jews at Williams College http://t.co/tHebx1N0, Uh oh.  Tommy says Th's Dr. Strangelove conflicts with Brattle's Casablanca.  I found  George C. Scott's General Buck Turgidson romantic, Put this on your calendar.  Dr. Strangelove.  http://t.co/9Icjm22i, There's a move to name Roadrunner by the Modern Lovers as the state's anthem.  It would only ratify what is already fact., Nevin Scrimshaw from WI and MIT died,  a very important food activist.  http://t.co/MYRE30lr, Whoops.  The greatest ice cream store in the world. http://t.co/gW7suap4, The greatest ice cream store in the world., The Brattle Kickstarter campaign could become like NPR without all the English accents.  They need to get to $70K by this Thursday., I have a weakness for French movies.  Not every French movie but a lot more of them than most Americans will endure.  I did not expect to enjoy L'amour, and it is too long but I thought it was very good and worth the slow pace.  The other night the nice people from Hollywood Express, beneath Simon's lent us Le Havre by the ecentric Finnish director Aki Karismaki and that was worth watching.  A lot of French movies, but not all can come across like the music on NPR, dreadfully earnest.
http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/le_havre_2011/

And why can't Obama merge imdb.com with rottentomatoes.com?

But a movie I reccomend for people who hate French movies is Point Blank, which is basically a Sidney Lumet movie that takes place in a Paris that Woody Allen never visits.
http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/point_blank/, Yesterday one of Central Square's nicest people came in.  Jerry is from Minnesota and embodies the irony-free qualities of Minnesota Nice.  "How are you doing?" I asked.  "Oh I'm terrible.  I have problems with discs in my back and I'm doing therapy but I feel awful."  He smiled weakly and said, "I'm from Minnesota and have shoveled snow since I was three years old and can't today.", This is one of several thousand currently available crappy images of Central Sq., just earned really cool popcorn with extra butter after Kickstarting Brattle  http://t.co/tmhorB0T, Stephen Meuse is everywhere.  He is at Central Bottle, he is discussing wines of Ancient Rome and he's in America's Test Kitchen on NPR, The complete list of ice cream flavors for this sunny Sunday following a big snowfall., Today is Sunday February 10 2013.  The roads are plowed and everything is melting.

We have
French Vanilla
Belgian Chocolate
B3
Butter Chocolate Chip
Nocciola
Hydrox Cookie
Maple Walnut
Mint Chocolate Chip
Black Bottom Pie
Grapenut
Raspberry
Khulfee
Green Tea
Burnt Caramel
Ginger
Sweet Cream
Black(berry) & Blue (berry)
Rum Raisin
Mocha
Cinnamon Nutmeg
Earl Grey
Goat Cheese Brownie
Salty Saffron
Amaretto Almond
Espresso Chocolate Chip
Bourbon
Salty Caramel
Vienna Finger Cookie
Peanut Butter Honey
Espresso

Pink Grapefruit Sorbet
Orange Vanilla Bean Sorbet

We always have hot fudge, and hot spicy butterscotch., How Italians sell coffee to each other.  And visiting American writers., Informed opinion is that coffee in Paris is bad.  But getting better.  http://t.co/WuexnXLk, A list of behind the scene coffee terms  http://t.co/OsZeVH1R  Includes "crushtomer" but not "stalker.", Laugh at Tony Curtis' accent but Kubick's Spartacus is great  http://t.co/CRQDYiQ8, A good piece on MIT's view of changes in Kendall Sq.  http://t.co/Fx462kBs, Anyone else heard about paying kids $100 for shoveling?, Get one of our shakes at BGood.  Open everywhere but Summer & Washington., We're open.  Central Square is well-plowed., TW Foods is open on Walden Street!, Toscaninis will reopen at 4pm.  Tie yourself to a friend and come visit.  Driving ban ends., Sandrine is open tonight and offering free parking.  From Ice Cream Storm Central., The NYT maintains its white hip hop credibility with lengthy coverage like tomorrow's endless piece on Frank Ocean.  http://t.co/YnC1Ps3q, THE BRATTLE HAS RAISED $50K OF ITS $140K KICKSTARTER CAMPAIGN TO GO DIGITAL.  http://t.co/tmhorB0T, Todd English remembers Charlestown real estate.  http://t.co/YfgvsxZf, Since northern Worcester County always has a lot of snow why don't they try for the winter games?, at 11P the Ice Cream Storm Center admits there really is a lot of snow.  Mimi was -of course - right., `If we're dealing with a clownfish then how about Creamsicle with Pepperidge Farm Goldfish?, Jeez.  I was thinking of Winsor McCay's famous comic strip, Little Nemo in Slumberland, not Pixar cartoon. I didn't understand suggestions, From the Ice Cream Storm Center.  Hungry Mother closes for Little Nemo but will reopen on Ssturday.  They're Southerners., My Pet Shark lit up when I mentioned Bosco., Anyone got an idea for Superstorm Little Nemo flavor?, 02139 is like living in Pine County MN:  Craigie on Main and Bondir are open! An update from Ice Cream Storm Center., I Quit!  James Clavell's Kai Jim is awful.  Reading Ben Wurgaft on Walter Benjamin., From the Ice Cream Storm Center:  we are closed!, Restaurant openings and closing during Superstorm Little Nemo.  http://t.co/iaFCjXsp, NYT continues its tough coverage of Mayor Bloomberg and refers to his 24/7 schedule.  http://t.co/jyJ2wc0y  He's in Bermuda or at a mansion, Latest closing:  No Free Second Friday at MIT Museum.  From the Ice Cream Storm Center here in Central Sq., Jennifer is making an ice cream cake for a demanding five year old.  He wants a subway on the cake, from the Red Line.  It will break down., Central Sq. update from Ice Cream Storm Center.  Central Bottle is planning to close at 3P.  Flour will close at 2PM.  Will update., Here at the Ice Cream Storm Center we have modified the storm name to Superstorm Little Nemo.  Check out Winsor McCay., The kitchen @ Hungry Mother gave us Muddy Pond Sorghum, saying that until recently they used horses to power the mill.  http://t.co/b7xeuipH, Mimi said "You can't have too much foie gras".  Loved Puritan near East X Northeast and Tupelo., The Ice Cream Storm is behind the store in Central Square.  A gentle powder is falling.  We are not deceived., We're with the governor in the Ice cream Storm Center.  BU, MIT and Harvard are closed.  Rosev Dairy is closed tomorrow, a first., More very bad news about state's lax supervision of drug compounding company.  http://t.co/VYlqwZu8, Simeone the tailor is closing at 1PM.  Closed on Saturday. We think we may also close around 1PM but will tweet from Ice Cream Storm Center., Sam Mehr finds a T map with names as anagrams.  http://t.co/ZhzZniS4, We're bring the Ujacha cure.  We can't wait for the President., Spent most of this week being Tommy the hockey-loving driver.  Today I delievered ice cream to mixMenu.com in Allston, one of two businesses that will deliver pints to individuals.  

I delivered ice cream to Tupelo including their own Tupelo Honey Vanilla.  

I picked up a big poster at Service Point on Mass. Ave. in Cambridge, across from the new Simon's Coffee shop.

i also delivered to Il Casale in Belmont, and Beehive in the South End.   This photo is taken in the alley behind Beehive, where the service entrance is located., After doing a demo at Whole Food JP I went to Miami Cafe for a Cubano and a Morir Sonando.  Best name for a good drink., Cambridge Trust will close at 1PM on Friday.  And I wouldn't plan on the MIT Museum's 2nd Friday night., Looks like the storm might be epic, the way Wheels of Fire was, the way every Star Wars movie was going to be., Weaseling: 18 to 24 inches predicted except where it might rain.  Then they will say it it snowed in northern Worcester County, our Hokkaido, We do not deliver except to restaurants.  http://t.co/t2yfMbtr and http://t.co/zTYuLkC9  do deliver our ice creams., Boston's Innovation District is lame, seemingly aimed at people attending plywood conventions, but Blue Dragon opens http://t.co/Eo0xhrAS, While being Tommy and listening to endless discussion of Rondo's shortcomings I stopped by Render for a Papua New Guinea pour-over., We're working on Southern flavors and the courtly Southerners at Hungry Mother lent us Sorghum Syrup from a horse-drawn mill in Tenn., Delivered ice cream to one of our best delivery services  http://t.co/t2yfMbtr  They deliver in Boston and Cambridge.  Check 'em out., I am very dubious about all storm predictions but right now we're planning on opening at noon on Saturday and ay close early on Friday., We could put together an MIT women's basketball team.  Last week Vivian Ma visited and today Dr. Reitman stopped by., A Far Cry chamber orchestra.  FREE 730P Long School of Music We Fe 6, Its no surprise that the ramen scene is better in LA  http://t.co/pJrbj8pB, Has anyone read Gai Jin by James Clavell?  This doesn't seem worth it., After several days driving and hours inching forward at Allston exit of the Pike I don't understand why there isn't a connection to Storrow., I've been Tommy without the metal.  Delivered to WF Camrbridge St, WF Fresh Pond,
WF River St, WF Prospect, Vollente Farm., I've got Tommy's car and Tommy radio.  WERS is very good.  Sprts radio is bad.  "Rondo is no leader."  Still talking about Jim Schoenfeld., Looks like bother blizzard heading for northern Worcester County.  This is the end., An old, long and wonderful article by Roger Ebert about James Farrell  http://t.co/rf8hITDz, Thank you.  The Camberville Cream Float  http://t.co/DwttaXNf, Back from Whole Foods in JP, after time with Fazenda Coffee, Alex's Ugly Sauce & a clever Mainer who makes hot dogs with lamb casings., Grub Street's list of 101 pizzerias doesn't include PICCO.  http://t.co/gY6d87Du  Ooops.  " notable absence", The Portlandia Baristas' Coffee Shop Manifesto  http://t.co/V98XsSTn, A different view of the press's deference to Obama  http://t.co/glxzMQ7U, We're working on Sorghum Boiled Peanuts and freezing Pear Apple Chardonnay S., I'll be down at the Whole Foods in Jamaica Plain from 5P>7P.   Monday night is demo night.  Lots of good nibbles, samples and nice people., I'm working on another Buttermilk, another French Vanilla from Claudia Flemming of Grammercy, and Saffron Grand Marnier, No Saffronor Salty Saffron today.  Sandra is making more but flavors won't be reedy until Tuesday.  Also Saffron Cheesecake.  A Polish idea., Coffee bigfoot Judson Macrae has left Hi Rise on Mass. Avenue., Academics move further left.  http://t.co/krgCIKju, Anonymous tipster suggests I find Clover truck at MIT for an Enzo.  The beginning of another case., My Pet Shark on Senator Cowan.  "At least Patrick didn't pick an asshole.", "Is Canada in Your Future?"  http://t.co/JzY72xHi with Ken Dryden, former member of Canadian Parliament, Olympian, pro hockey player..., Stanley Kubrick's first feature  http://t.co/ZXWtKjrr  Fear and Desire, Christina Tosi of Momofuku and Joe of Lexington agree that all you get from bad coffee is a headache.  They were at Penn State., Tom Laughlin -Billy Jack- is in the movie version of South Pacific.  Without the hat., Beasts of the Southern Wild at Brattle  http://t.co/Z520qUCQ  then Moonrise Kingdom, Our landlord was in Stow VT where found a jerky emporium that included Kangaroo Jerky.  This is one for Meatpaper but not everyone.  Hop., Toucan Milk didn't make the cut at Ranc's.  Made with Fruit Loops.  The things we talk about when together., Tiger Milk is new flavor at Rancatore's, created by Joe and Lisa from Ripon.  Its a breakfast cereal flavor made with Frosted Flakes.  Tony., All the ice creams and sorbets for tonight's sundaes.   http://t.co/gW7suap4, Thursday night,  Ja 31, 2013.  Tomorrow is Fr Fe 1, 2013

Right now we have.

French Vanilla
Belgian Chocolate
B3
Black(berry) & Blue(berry)
Sweet Cream
Hydrox Cookie
Irish Cream
Rum Raisin
Bananas Foster (more rum)
Coconut
Strawberry
Coffee
Nocciola (Hazelnut)
Burnt Caramel
Ginger
Lemon
Khulfee 
Cookie Dough
Grapenut Raisin
Chocolate #3
Amaretto Almond
Peanut Butter Honey
Cinnamon Nutmeg
Lemon Espresso
Mint Ice Cream Sandwich
Earl Grey
Goat Cheese Brownie
Saffron Orange Cardamom
Cherry Vanilla
Vienna Finger Cookie

Chocolate Sorbet
Coconut Rum Sorbet

We also have Hot Fudge and Spicy Hot Butterscotch, Arturo.  Our inspiration., Ben gets to go the Meatpaper parties but no one else I know ever has.  I'll meet at Hi Fi after the Today Junior concert., The Brattle has raised more than $35K for its Kickstarter campaign.   An individual salt shaker with popcorn  http://t.co/R49qYHrV, Robert Winters finds the future of Boston rents.  http://t.co/nXYWkpd5, MIT's very own Totoro with much better glasses has a new book out.   http://t.co/SMPPhyw3, Those lovable white people.  http://t.co/3yQYuan0, Inspired by Japanese Kit Kat bars today we made Chocolate Kinako.   Japanese Kit Kat bars always inspire.  Surely win.  http://t.co/9uQQoyMp, Cape Cod boy band Today Junior headlines at TT The Bear's tonight.  Come for ice cream beforehand., A blog about ice cream.  Just about ice cream.  http://t.co/ynwIROE2, Jenny White's newest book on Turkey is one of the year's best according to Foreign Affairs.  http://t.co/n7jtP2BG, Chris Matthews on Sullivan Courthouse  "I want see this building gone.  It should never have been built… its about time to get rid of it.", Ross McElwee at BU  http://t.co/nYv12kYC, You can never go to a Meatpaper party.  But other people will be at Ramen Shop in Oakland on Fe 26 to celebrate their fish issue, I love magazines & I love magazines about food.  I even love articles about food magazines.  http://t.co/ZJScSpzY  No Donna Hay, No one told me Tupelo has a Pork Belly Corndog.  I'm on my way., Its Disney but I love cartoons.  http://t.co/1ynQiBsJ, While eating chicken sausage, & scrapple the nice folks at Hungry Mother told me about their plans to open a kosher deli in Cambridge., Just like a 7-11 in Japan  http://t.co/Kt2Obdeo  Sushi  & wine at Wlagreens, Magic marker genius  http://t.co/14yvutOx, Off to puree poached apples and pears for sorbet., A writer from the Tech tours Boston's transit system  http://t.co/s1TPrTCw, BU anthro class is visiting today.  Pressure situation., Lots of good stuff about Japan at http://t.co/IW7B7QeN  Tofu donuts aren't included., We do what http://t.co/6HucTLc1 suggests.  Went to 4A Coffee in Brookline.  They opened in Kazakhstan.  Very good.  http://t.co/0HRjrAh4, Betty Fussell on the next issue of Gastronomica, which will never arrive  http://t.co/PJKGFRxl  at least as edited by Darra Goldstein, null, Yesterday's setting sun improved the pots and bowls, Ice cream flavors perfectly suited to grey snow and dirty streets

French Vanilla
Belgian Chocolate
Cookie Dough
Grapenut
Sweet Cream
Hydrox Cookie
Irish Cream
Rum Raisin
Coffee
Coconut
Strawberry
Burnt Caramel
Bananas Foster
Peanut Butter Honey
Ginger
Blackberry Lime
Khulfee (cardamom and nuts)
Cocoa Pudding
Lemon
Chocolate Fluff
Goat Cheese Brownie
B3
Earl Grey
Coffee Ice Cream Sandwich
Salty Caramel
Cinnamon Nutmeg
Fresh Mint
Saffron Orange Cardamom
Cherry Vanilla
Vienna Finger Cookie

Chocolate Sorbet
Coconut Rum Sorbet

Hot Fudge and Hot Spicy Butterscotch

Today we made several Buttermilk experiments, a new Coconut, and Apple Cider Sorbet.  I've been drinking a lot of the apple cider, cold and hot.  Today I finally froze some.  Very good, thank you., The Brattle launches a Kickstarter campaign.  http://t.co/R49qYHrV  Gotta join., Ray Sokolov offers a squirrel recipe  http://t.co/kwAepwOd, Just had a cold call from a guy who offered to identify our 25 busiest customers.  Gee thanks.  He said Wal Mart does it., Thank God.  Its the first day of classes at Harvard.  Local version of Downton Abbey resumes., Kazakhstan coffee?  In Brookline.  The http://t.co/6HucTLc1 coffee heat map says get to 410 Harvard St.  http://t.co/sWhglgjv, Barismo is one of http://t.co/6HucTLc1's hot coffee shops and also opening a cafe area in their Arlington roastery  http://t.co/cxsYYWxP, Corby sent me looking for this Paul Goldberger piece on American Air's dopey redesign  http://t.co/1Y4RZfQS, David Lebovitz on Learning to Cook in Paris and other parts of France.  http://t.co/9X57im6F, just made Nocciola and off to Jordan Hall for a free concert by Nichola Kitchen of Borromeo Quartet playing Bach.  Free.  730PM, Just made Kinako, roasted soy flour.  In Korean it is konggomul
and in Indonesian  it is bubuk kedele.  Very good., Vaughn explains his theory of time zones to rapt audience of recent IIT graduates., Everything is free at 1369 today as they celebrate their 20th anniversary.  Tonight there is an event at Middle East.  Off to visit., Cold January Saturdays can be slow but we always get a lot of young families on their way to or from the MIT Museum., Working on Buttermilk ice cream.  One version is a little lemony and the other has vanilla.  Back to the lab., Carmen Nobel publishes her Theme of the Month Calendar.  This January is Bottom of the Barrel Bond Girls and today is Halle Tosis., Susumu Hani in person at Harvard Film Archive  http://t.co/dvzLdvY2  Great Japanese filmmaker, Former scooper Dr. Owens showed up with former ice cream maker Hytham to discuss life in Baltimore and Yemen.  Yemen might win., Chef Alex Crabb of Asta stopped by for coffee on his way to work.  People I went with last week are returning tonight with two friends., At Barrington Coffee Puerto Rican coffee event  & met Allessandro Bellino of The Coffee Trike who described himself as an adult tricyclist., Cambridge people don't realize things can get too good.  Are the new restaurants going to Somerville an early indicator?, Esther was here from La Morra with Angry Young Pastry Chefs.  We gave them samples of Black Pepper, Honey Ginger,& soon-to-be Apple Cider S., Nice article about 1369's 20 years and big party for good causes.  http://t.co/EYLztLoJ  Sa night., Long ago Jack Savenor & architect Ben Thompson planned to open a steak house about where Tony Maws is opening new place.  Never came to be., Tony Maws to open a second place on Kirkland St.  http://t.co/qWnUmJFR, One friend is sending me weather maps showing Florida as paradise and another friend is sending weather maps from Minnesota that are scary.  I've always imagined winter in Sicily as being plausible.  Not too hot.  Not too cold., Visiting and shopping at Whole Foods on River St.  New pint colors.  Bought apple cider for sorbet recipe in Stars cookbook.  And ate a lot of tofu., Jasper Davidson is happy., Jasper Davidson is happy.  http://t.co/gW7suap4, maybe the 945PM show of Rosemary's Baby will make you feel warmer.  http://t.co/AP6qzVTh, The Greatest Sports Rivalry in Sports.  South Asian Cricket!  http://t.co/vdxc9Egs, Lunch in Weymouth at busiest DD.  4P in Back Bay with My Pet Shark at busiest Flour, Hot slice of Justice is the headline as Just Crust opens in H2.  http://t.co/0OglvRIZ, Mimi's first job was at Dunkin Donuts in Brentwood MO.  Today we went to the busiest DD in Weymouth and one that makes its own donuts. Great, Since 2008 some Harvard courses have created "trailers" to describe content.  These are amazing, funny &  inspiring.  http://t.co/UJRFuK7e, Poster for 20th Anniversary of 1369 Coffee., Music for Food  http://t.co/IVGij9Fa, details from Obama's "playbook" for killing people with drones.  http://t.co/kAwbgVch, Eater's "early word on Giulia" includes one sage comment.  http://t.co/nLpplDyK, Area Four may open a food truck.  Will they have to change their name to Cambridgeport?  Will they be limited to imaginary neighborhood?, Transit system have a huge problem with "shrinkage"  London Transport tests contactless pay  http://t.co/HTeSEKrn, Patrick's tax & transit:  I'd put the so-called Urban Ring linking everything in Central Boston way ahead of commuter rail to Springfield., David Winner of Leonard Stephen has cut a lot of hair for a lot of people I know.  Now his clients are arriving from the political arena., Oh No.  Buckaroo Mercantile is closing so Brooks Morris can return to the Land of Enchantment, which is not 02139  http://t.co/rZfBy8lr, No Prem lost here.  http://t.co/cJal0dbu, Patni says New Haven is just like Cambridge… if you add Baltimore to the mix., Today or tomorrow we'll debut Sam Cronin's newPaloma Sorbet with tequila, lemon soda, lime and salt.   I'll bring it to Austin when I visit., Jen Zink sent us a care package.  Thank goodness.  We got two mugs and coffee from Spyhouse in Minneapolis.  She also sent tip jar cartoons!, Joe from Rancatore's visited with Antioch foodista, Lisa.  Good conversation and laughter.  Ice cream is  a very serious business., Scooper porn.  http://t.co/gW7suap4, We opened late today and I slept well so I went to Dwelltime for a morning pourover.  Kristoff was on duty.  The drink was perfect and so was the ham and cheese croissant.  Then the woman known as Jamie the Girl arrived.  

Jamie the Girl was so-called to distinguish her from Jaimie the boy and chief of Barismo.  Jamie the Girl was Barismo's water expert.  In addition to general advice she would design and supervise your water filtration system and advise everyone to move from Cambridge because our independent water system was thick with minerals.  

She now manages the Flour near the Children's Museum.  

We talked about many things including fencers, bakers, brilliant people from Olin,  people who work in Italy and charismatic figures in the restaurant world.  

It was a fine start to the week., When scoopers looked like Caravaggio paintings., One man focus group Gary D is visiting and harvesting samples of flavor ideas he has commented on., Next week they'll be Tomorrow Junior.  Right now they're Today Junior and they are Central Square's only boy band., All the flavors for Su Ja 19 2013.  http://t.co/gW7suap4, Flavors for Sunday January 19, 2013

French Vanilla
Belgian Chocolate
Ginger Snap Molasses
Rum Raisin
Coconut
Cookie Dough
Grapenut
Cambridge Lime Pie
B3
Maple Walnut
Khulfee
Nocciola
Chocolate Chip
Cocoa Pudding
Burnt Caramel
Mocha
Green Tea
Irish Cream
Vienna Finger Cookie
Salty Caramel
Just Fluff
Fresh Mint
Blackberry Lime
Vietnamese Coffee
Amaretto Almond
Lemon Espresso
Mixed Berry
Saffron Orange Cardamom
Italian Egg Nog
Goat Cheese Brownie

Chocolate Sorbet
Coconut Rum Sorbet

Fudge, Spicy Butterscotch, Cardamom Orange Turtletop, the cute guys from Today Junior!  Lawrence!  Patni., Nice day getting colder.  The football fans are away.  Come visit.  The cute guys from Tomorrow Junior are here., Yolks are in the bowl., The Brookline version of the Solomon family was here.  Celebrity gossip., Tomorrow is MLK Day.  MIT is closed, BU is closed, Harvard is closed, banks are closed.  We open at 9AM and close at 11PM., Arisa 2013 is still going on.  Tonight at 8PM is Masquerade.  http://t.co/GNNRSZyi  We're open until 11PM., 7P two short classic documentaries about children in Japan by Susumu Hani  http://t.co/1ZbLo9dE, Ivan Dixon was in Hogan's Heroes but he was also the star of Nothing But a Man 4P Harvard Film Archive  http://t.co/bjvsBdsZ, Sandy's Music closes.  A benefit at Johnny D's on Ja 22.  http://t.co/PXbQNXh9, A long report about an hours long meeting about Forest City's plans to replace All Asia block.  http://t.co/aCI7LiOZ, Huge piles of things can be irresistible.  Onions and more onions in Chelsea.  We resisted., An email from a Florida friend is basically  weather map with temperatures.  https://t.co/zG7OiJzN, There is a Nau popup store at 328 Newbury.  Nau was described as Jil Sander meets Patagonia.  Th store closes soon so there is a sale., I think Ridley Scott's Legend is under-rated fantasy.  Tom Cruise and Tim Curry in a movie that is all mood.  http://t.co/AcZSZFbw, WELCOME Arisa 2013 science fiction and fantasy convention  http://t.co/GNNRSZyi, All the flavors for this cold Friday Ja 19 2013.  http://t.co/gW7suap4, ice cream flavors for sundaes on Fr Ja 19, 2013.  The sunsets at 441PM  We close at 11PM.

French Vanilla
Belgian Chocolate
Raspberry
Butter Chocolate Chip
Coconut
Hydrox Cookie
Grapenut
Cambridge Lime Pie
B3
Maple Walnut
Khulfee
Gianduia
Rum Raisin
Banana
Burnt Caramel
Mocha
Italian Egg Nog
Salty Caramel
Mixed Berry
Peanut Butter Honey
Espresso
Molasses Flood
Cinnamon Nutmeg
Tupelo Honey Vanilla Bean
Roxbury Puddingstone
Mint Ice Cream Sandwich
Butter Almond
Salty Saffron
Bourbon
Goat Cheese Brownie

Mango Sorbet
Coconut Rum Sorbet

Hot Fudge.  Hot Spicy Butterscotch,  Orange Cardamom Turtletop, Totopops, Pushpops, Ice Cream Sangwiches, I'm getting closer to normal.  Finished Kim which ends well.  Came in to recharge my phone and have French Vanilla with Adam's Turtletop., Russ Parsons of the LATimes has a rice revelation courtesy of Ottolenghi  http://t.co/NKnQppTj, Astonishing film from Japan's New Wave at Harvard Film Archive  http://t.co/n3XuN1oL, The Globe praises Kendall Square as a model of development which is true if we all lived in suburban Atlanta.  http://t.co/ETjQ1BV2, An interesting biochemist at BU  http://t.co/4R4WTCND, For those who know the title explains it all Big City Camp Cookin in Marfa TX  http://t.co/uvOnESe4, http://t.co/GfSfQiB9 reports on 1369's plans for its 20th anniversary.  http://t.co/Z3Bpafza, Proclaimers tribute band., 02139 Shaw's is getting into diversity:  Choy Sum, Chinese Long Beans, Bok Choy, Chinese Broccoli and Baby Bok Choy from Shanghai., Tonight's interesting documentary at the Brattle is about dairy farmers in Maine.  Not dirt farmers.  Who types these things?  7PM, We're working on several molasses flavors for tomorrow's anniversary of the Great Molasses Explosion., A food day with Yotam Ottolenghi.  Not Ottmar Liebert.  http://t.co/gW7suap4, A food day with Yotam Ottolenghi.  Not Ottmar Liebert.  

Yotam Ottolenghi’s cooks delicoius food.  He has restaurants in London, newspaper columns, tv work and Jerusalem, the best-selling cookbook that  Corby Kummer describes in an article on the year’s best cookbooks.

http://www.theatlantic.com/entertainment/archive/2012/12/the-very-best-cookbooks-of-the-year/266602/

There are two "it" cookbooks this year, and Jerusalem is the ittier, a modern portrait of the food of Israel taking into account pretty much every Mediterranean culture, including trendy ones the food-aware are dutifully incorporating into their cooking, like Italian, Moroccan, and Turkish. It's so popular because Ottolenghi, a successful restaurateur and writer in England, has developed something of an international cult following for his stylish and imaginative vegetarian dishes and column in The Guardian. And this book has been such an insider hit, I would argue, because American Askenazic Jews love finding "Jewish" food that corresponds to the way they like to eat, rather than the schmalz, potatoes, and cabbage of their grandmothers.
Whatever the rich cultural antecedents--which include those of Ottolenghi's German-Italian academic parents, who raised him in Jewish West Jerusalem, and of Tamimi's Muslim parents in East Jerusalem--this food, with its emphasis on vegetables, north African spices, and Mediterranean condiments, slots exactly into what people are cooking today. Example of being exactly on trend? Shell pasta in a hot sauce of Greek yogurt with garlic, peas, pine nuts, Aleppo pepper, torn basil leaves, and feta. It's a cream sauce with tang and without fat. Roast beet with more Greek yogurt, red chile, date molasses, and za-atar, garnished with toasted hazelnuts and crumbled goat cheese. Roast chicken thighs with Jerusalem artichokes, garlic, saffron, lemon juice, and tarragon.
Little of it is recognizably Jewish, most of it is recognizably good--and friends declare a very high batting average for recipes that has them putting in advance orders for Ottolenghi, full of more-elaborate food of the kind that made his London restaurants successful. (It came out before Jerusalem in England, but will be published here next spring.) By then, you might lose the cachet you still get by saying, as you bring a bright dish to the table, "It's Ottolenghi." So start here.
Ottolenghi repeats an Israeli joke that the only people in Israel who eat gefilte fish are the ones whose grandmothers are still alive.  


On Sunday we met at Sofra on Belmont Street, a restaurant that serves Mediterranean food similar to the food that has made him famous.  The Cheese Golem’s sister, Ayse Gurdhal was managing.  The Gurdhal family owns Formaggio and she has returned from living in Istanbul.  A few people in West Cambridge describe Ayse’a brother as the Cheese Golem because of his size.  

Ottolenghi said hello to the kitchen and then we enjoyed a parade of Sofra food including a big dish he writes about in Jersualem, Shakshouka,  Poached eggs in a light tomato sauce served with the pale clouds of Sofra’s own pita bread.  We had many other small delights including a Maureo cookie,  Sofra’s better version of an Oreo filled with alluringly named milk jam(named after Chef Maura Fitzpatrcik.

Several women recognized Ottolenghi and spoke effusively about how their family lives had been “saved” by cooking his recipes with their mothers.  He posed for photos.

From Sofra we drove to Formaggio, and then to the original Hi Rise on Concord Avenue.  We went to the second Hi Rise on Mass Ave. near Harvard’s Law School.  Ottolenghi was puzzled by the new architecture which was described as looking like a US embassy in a country that doesn’t like Americans.  We bought two panfortes at the first Hi Rise. 

Then we visited Dwelltime on Broadway for espressos before going to Toscanini’s where we had Saffron Orange Khulfee.  

Finally leaving Cambridge we drove to Back Bay where Joanne Chang was opening her fourth Flour bakery.  Ottolenghi and Corby discussed “ittiness.”  Everyone else happily ate sticky buns.

We ended the day by cooking dinner for friends.  Following his recipes we made Beef and Lamb Meatballs with Fava Beans and Lemon and Chicken with Clementines and Arak, Rodan in Hong Kong  http://t.co/Rq9Qdh11  Jamie Bissonnette in food heaven, Adam Simha makes very very sharp knives.  http://t.co/pGH53mXp, http://t.co/wDpm9QYB  Despite the restaurant some Area 4 residents want a name change.  I suggest Longfellow Village.  Ha ha., Despite the restaurant some Area 4 residents want a name change.  I suggest Longfellow Village.  An echo of Huron Village. (groan), Piano music with Schuller premiere  http://t.co/cY17tmh7  8P Jordan Hall, A documentary about independent dirt farmers in Maine.  At the Brattle.  Popcorn, beer.  http://t.co/xpP0zkkt, Sam Mehr sent this about J. Richard Hackman, who died this week.  http://t.co/v0nAoycB, Spent yesterday with Yotam Ottolenghi and then ate food from his cookbook, Jerusalem.  A theme day., Great review of  a wonderful concert  at Jordan Hall http://t.co/zMqhCVfO, RT @ottolenghi: and, of course, best ice cream in the world at @tosci. Khulfi (pistachio cardamom) was my fave. http://t.co/1rHcsDkY Thanks., Ssdly these recipes are in Japanese.  http://t.co/XShVYAry, Susie, Magdalena and Gigi visited.  Special guests and now back to Medford., J. Richard Hackman died.  http://t.co/PKcpgXVh  Altogether interesting., It was no laughing matter and may suggest more caution about many things.  http://t.co/vhvACIRE  We're making molasses flavors for the day., Sat Ja 12, 2013 flavors, free Turtletop and whatnot

French Vanilla

Belgian Chocolate

Khulfee (Cardamom and nuts)

Cambridge Brewers’ Wort

Green Tea

Hydrox Cookie

Strawberry

Bananas Foster

Malted Vanilla

Maple Walnut

Coconut

Burnt Caramel

Cocoa Rum Chip

Nocciola (Hazelnut)

Mango

Grapenut

Cookie Dough

B3

Blueberry Lemon

Coffee Ice Cream Sandwich

Cinnamon Nutmeg

Chocolate Peppermint

Salty Caramel

Ginger Cardamom

Bourbon

Earl Grey

Espresso Chocolate Chip

Salty Saffron

Italian Egg Nog

Goat Cheese Brownie

Blackberry Coconut Sorbet

Mango Sorbet

We also have Hot Fudge, Hot Spicy Butterscotch, Salty Orange Cardamom Turtletop (which is free today), The Future!, Sat Ja 12, 2012 flavors, free turtletop and whatnot

French Vanilla

Belgian Chocolate

Khulfee (Cardamom and nuts)

Cambridge Brewers’ Wort

Green Tea

Hydrox Cookie

Strawberry

Bananas Foster

Malted Vanilla

Maple Walnut

Coconut

Burnt Caramel

Cocoa Rum Chip

Nocciola (Hazelnut)

Mango

Grapenut

Cookie Dough

B3

Blueberry Lemon

Coffee Ice Cream Sandwich

Cinnamon Nutmeg

Chocolate Peppermint

Salty Caramel

Ginger Cardamom

Bourbon

Earl Grey

Espresso Chocolate Chip

Salty Saffron

Italian Egg Nog

Goat Cheese Brownie

Blackberry Coconut Sorbet

Mango Sorbet

We also have hot fudge, Hot Spicy Butterscotch, Salty Orange Cardamom Turtletop (which is free today), All the flavors for today.  http://t.co/gW7suap4  Including Khulfee, Esp Chip, Burnt!, Bananas Foster, B3, Nocciola, Italian Egg Nog, There are a hundred people the NYT really likes, and now it really likes their kids.  Kroll, Lauren, Frank Rich..., FREE  Adam is here.  Newest Turtletop flavor is Salty Orange Cardamom Chocolate.  A better "brown bonnet" or "chocolate shell.  FREE today., WCVB describes four Cultural Centers including dear old Central Sq.  http://t.co/yLkBGjEw, Aaron Swartz RIP  http://t.co/0PRwwGT1, Felix Kroll is a regular in NYTimes world.  Now his son will be   http://t.co/FdN3p0C3, From 5P > 8P it is FREE 2nd Friday at the MIT Museum.  Holography!  Plus bring us your ticket and we'll give you a FREE micro sundae., What's going on at the Brattle?  The Master and Universal Soldier Day of Reckoning!, $10 8PM A Far Cry.  New chamber music at Jordan Hall.  http://t.co/iLFRqVIY, There seems to be interest in using social media to improve government performance.  I'm sure politicians will ignore this., A friend joked that if you don't get tenure within 3 years of moving into some Boston neighborhoods you have to leave., We are sampling HD Limited Edition Salted Caramel Truffle.  More caramel swirl.  Truffles are meek.  Salted swirl is not that bad., RT @matthewjennings: @jbchang @tosci 

Co-sign. & Groupon deals for building permits., New Honduran coffee at Dwelltime, there first.  And quiet a gathering of Cambridge Arts & Government types., These things happen in threes, don't they?  Rex Trailer, Mariangela Melato…., Mariangela Melato has died.  Star of Wertmuller's Swept Away and several other movies.  http://t.co/zGXGWSZf, Corby Kummer wrote a piece about the Tyranny of Chefs and their tasting menus.  Reaction at http://t.co/6HucTLc1  http://t.co/tu4KW8Sv, While waiting for Flour 4 to get permits I will mention a friend's idea:  Yelp review of government agencies and departments., The man!, A cool book about food in Somerville.  http://t.co/QIgNFwNC, A guide to eating by Central Sq Red Line stop  http://t.co/59YGheql, $200M for the rum industry and $78M for Nascar.  Washington was focused on the big questions.  http://t.co/eZpGUDBQ, Adam's here.  Tonight he made his Salty Citrus Chocolate Turtletop.  Free on any cup until we runout of gasoline at 11PM, Richard Ben Cramer's 91 word masterpiece  http://t.co/OEt7Ia7t, Harvard scientist urges return to 7oz Coca Cola  http://t.co/XBr4Yqev  Also black & white television., Two intimidating viola players from NEConservatory stopped by with a poster for Friday's 8PM performance by A Far Cry., Dance club Man Ray may revive in Central Square.  http://t.co/7cMFPKEK, 9P Ryles $10  Japanese World Music from Sumie Kankeo  http://t.co/d97F2KWJ, FREE Second Fridays at MIT Museum.  http://t.co/ee9CNmcJ  Come by for micro sundae before or afterwards.  Originally known as a mu sundae., Mimi says "Some chefs go to the Greenmarket for inspiration.  We found 50 lb bag of Pretzel Salt at Restaurant Depot." $8., Denise always quoted their motto "Where Shopping is a Pleasure"  http://t.co/8H1dyGCW, On We at 10AM in Cambridge City Hall there will be a hearing on limiting the size of soft drinks., Thank God Eric Ripert is back in the NYTDining section, http://t.co/1XG7BzUM but Rouge Tomate is there and the WSJ so their press guy wins., Marc Abraham of IgNobels almost gets residuals  http://t.co/mgGhRjQw, This article on Australian NZ coffee shop in NYC shows menu items people insisted didn't exist.  Vindicated at last.  http://t.co/BIKHEzA2, Our creative consultant Adam Tessier has created a new Orange & Salt Chocolate Turtletop.  Free tonight until we close at 11PM., Everyone is tired of Brooklyn but this site and those doggies are very appealing.  http://t.co/4SXQf70g, If bars are required to have police details we sometimes think that Cambridge ice cream stores should have Licensed Social Workers., Carrie Gustafson in a sneak preview for This Old House, in Cambridge  http://t.co/PhAdwDQT, Adam has renamed his chocolate shell variations as "Chocolate Turtletop", using a Marianne Moore suggestion for alternative name for Edsel., This article about Jack Borden and Clouds features great photos.  and good writing.   I love clouds .  http://t.co/oxafPHG5, Chinese restaurant on Chelsea St. in East Boston.  Near Que Padre., Restaurant preview

I thoroughly enjoy being a very small part of the restaurant and food community here.  I was invited to attend a pre-opening meal at ASTA, a new restaurant in Boston, at 47 Mass. Avenue, near the intersection of Mass. Avenue and Marlborough Street.  On Friday night I visited the location.  Brown papers covered the windows, although there is a small improvised sign.  The location had previously been a pizzeria that I had visited in an earlier incarnation when I was the pizza columnist of the late, lamented Weekly Week.   I opened the door to a space that was both empty and cluttered.  The clutter was construction equipment pushed to the sides of the room.  The emptiness was caused by a near-total absence of furniture.  The far end of the room was a sparkling display kitchen framed as a proscenium for a cast of four cooks and two waiters.  There was an orange bicycle parked inside the entrance  Perhaps seven diners were seated at two small bars.  

I reluctantly left but returned with three friends on Saturday night.  It is worth talking to the owners about the name but in part it refers to Shish Parsigian and Alex Crabb.  Shish has worked at the Concord Avenue Hi Rise and Alex has worked at L’Espalier.   They open to formally open in the middle of January, and plans are to serve 3-course, 5-course and 8-course tasting menus.  On this night, with belt sanders and sawhorses against the walls, their friends grew happier as food and wine magic were conjured.  Before leaving the customers joined together in applauding., A few Course 6 types have come by for their Free Salty Lemon Chocolate Turtletop.  We'll extend this offer to 11PM when we close., D.C. Secret Origins  How We Got Our Name  http://t.co/gW7suap4, The origin of our name.

Tonight two young musicians asked why the store is called “Toscanini’s.”  
One was a horn player from Chicago and the other was from Boston Conservatory.  

Kurt Jaenicke and Gus Rancatore opened Toscanini’s in September, 1981.  Kurt’s German-born grandfather had played horn with conductor Arturo Toscanini, a musical giant of the 20th century, in America and Europe.   Many names were considered during the pre-opening weeks including Cambridge Tower of Ice Cream (possibly with a scoop of ice cream atop a leaning tower of Pisa), Little Bear, and Great White Bear.  Those bear names were inspired by the town of White Bear Lake in Minnesota where Gus had gone to St. Thomas College and Macalester and even St. Catherine’s.  There were also discussions of having a make your own sundae bar, similar to the one at Joey’s in Teele Sq., Somerville.   Gus had spent too much time watching hungry friends construct architectonic salad structures in college dining halls.  He easily imagined years of cleaning up after MIT students.   An exchange was suggested:  Kurt could name the store if the idea of a Make Your Own Sundae Bar was abandoned.  Arturo’s estate was vigorous in protecting the conductor’s name and image so we never emphasized any connection.  Above the entrance to the ice cream making area there is an album jacket featuring a photo of Arturo.  And cleanup efforts were limited to the usual and not inconsiderable efforts required for any ice cream store., Joanne Chang's own choices.  What to eat at Flour  http://t.co/wgfuSjBW, Sunday afternoons are the best shift.  We often get leftover perfect donuts from Craigie's special brunch., Jeni's Influenza flu will not be covered by Obamacare or Canadian health plans.  http://t.co/CWffPaPR  I like our Pear Chardonnay S, We just renames that stuff.  Its Salty Lemon Turtletop.  Ask why.  Free until 9PM with any cup., Adam strikes again.  Salty Lemon Chocolate Shell.  Like the stuff you got on a cone when you were a kid.  Hmmm., The Worst fast food of 2012!  I didn't have any of it.  http://t.co/FBOHirmy, Sam is working on Paloma sorbet flavor.  Grapefruit, salt, citrus & tequila.  Sandra is making different Coconut., CambridgeDay reports that Adam Simha's MKS Knives succeeded with Indiegogo fundraiser  http://t.co/OZAIQ78j, Mass Art mafia  http://t.co/V3EXbVge, A podcast of an NPR interview with Jean Berko Gleason.  http://t.co/0usbarWI  Inventor or discoverer of Wugs., After Que Padre in Eastie:  A long article about illegal bacon-wrapped hot dogs in LA but not much about their origin.  http://t.co/7ZHMeCSg, Leah Mennies is right!  Que Padre in East Boston is great.  http://t.co/ajvlyKod  Bolivian Sonoran hotdogs y has.  Have the saltenas or sopa, Since Elizabeth Warren is not celebrated as Mass.' first Native American (Indian) Senator I guess maybe she really wasn't or isn't., Joe Levundusky on the shrinking of Harvard Sq.  http://t.co/wlQx2VMD, Went to a preview at Asta.  An orange bike was parked inside the door.  At the end all the customers clapped because the food was so good., Reading James McFarland's Constellation about Benjamin & Nietzche.  Great but author mispronounces "Benjamin", Sam suggests an app to track meter maids.  I wonder if the info isn't already there, Anteaters!  Lots of 'em.  From University of California Irvine.  I hope we get some UCSB Gauchos and a few UCSC Banana Slugs., Tamar Amidon is a CIA grad who worked here after working at Olive's.  She asked about the Kinako flavor.  Were we using it for texture or taste?  The answer is both.

It didn't occur to me but obviously you're right.  I could use the stuff like arrowroot or flour.

I like the taste and the texture but I don't think most Americans do.

At least right now.  I think this is a flavor with great niche appeal and the possibility of becoming more broadly accepted.

I had Kinako in a streetfood pastry while traveling in Japan and liked it immediately.  To me it represents the not very sweet snack aesthetic of Japan and I think it makes a good ice cream., What a day!  Nyla Hendrick comes in with cool glasses & Steve Spainhour.  Oliver Mak shows up and Tamar Amidon writes about Kinako., Hitler's Children at the MFA  http://t.co/zCGOu0Gj, I studied Ice Cream Science at Rutgers.  Brother Joe of Rancatore's is at Penn State studying the same.  Laugh but this is good theory., Today we're working on a Pomegranate Sorbet made with Pomegranate molasses, Kinako and a different French Vanilla., Adam Simha and MKS Knifes completed their crowdfunding.  Extra bucks will be used well.  http://t.co/eavRwicd  Congratulations., A pre-opening view of Asta, new super cool restaurant on Mass. Avenue in Back Bay.  Alec and Shish!  I stopped by to ask a question and everyone was happy despite the lack of furniture., The complete list of flavors for Sa Ja 5, 2012.  http://t.co/gW7suap4, Nice Saturday!  The ice cream flavors for Ja 5 2012

French Vanilla
Belgian Chocolate
Grapenut Raisin
Rum Raisin
Khulfee (cardamom with nuts)
Bananas Foster
Strawberry
Mint Chocolate Chip
Hydrox Cookie
Chocolate Chip
Coconut
Burnt Caramel
Ginger Snap Molasse
Nocciola (Hazelnut)
Mango
Maple Walnut
B3
Salty Saffron
Vienna Finger Cookie
Sweet Cream
Aztec Chocolate (spicy)
Amaretto Almond
Chocolate No. 3 (Dark)
Italian Egg Nog (anisette, amaretto, Grand Marnier, lemon, orange, vanilla)
Goat Cheese Brownie
Bourbon
White Coffee Hydrox Cookie
Fluffernutter
Espresso
Earl grey

Blackberry Coconut Sorbet
Pear Apple ChardonnaySorbet

We also have Salty Chocolate Shell (nee brown bonnet), fudge, and Hot Spicy Butterscotch.  We also have Sicilian Ice Cream Sandwiches, Totopops and Ice Cream Sangwiches, Adam invented Salty Chocolate Shell and will be serving it tonight., Adriane is a long term customer who walks everywhere, like she was on her own  Walkabout.  She brought us coasters to quiet the chairs.Thanq, Robert Winters and Glenn Koocher on becoming a Cantabridgian.  http://t.co/N8e57hfK, Corby on the Tyranny of Chefs's and their tasting menus http://t.co/jzJZAfki, Adam Simha of MKS Knives and chefs after filming videos in our production space.  No one was injured.  http://t.co/jeK3dqra, Adam Simha makes knives.  Crowdfunding!   http://t.co/eavRwicd, Hah hah to Gary Dryfoos.  I will have someone smarter read it to me.  I will live out my years as part of a Mice & Men ice cream team., Tomorrow, Ja 4, 13 The Squeaky Beaker opens in Kendall.  Mike & Patty's is back and Asta is getting closer.  http://t.co/l4drvyKF, Eggs., null, Mike and Patty's returns or has returned  http://t.co/2aEq8LfN  Yea!, An altogether unpredictable profile of a self-professed "Prada Socialist" http://t.co/3eJqv7Dz, 2 January 2013
Is this coldest night in 2 years?

The flavors for We Ja 2, 2013

French Vanilla
Belgian Chocolate
Grapenut Raisin
Rum Raisin
Ginger
Bananas Foster
Strawberry
Mint Chocolate Chip
Hydrox Cookie
Chocolate Chip
Coconut
Khulfee (cardamom and nuts)
B3
Nocciola
Mango
Maple Walnut
Cocoa Pudding
Bourbon
Vienna Finger Cookies
Sweet Cream
Salty Caramel
Amaretto Almond
Aztec Chocolate
Italian Egg Nog
Goat Cheese Brownie
White Coffee Hydrox Cookie
Mocha Brownie
Fluffernuter
Espresso
Earl Grey

Blackberry Coconut Sorbet
Pear Apple Chardonnay Sorbet

We also have Salty Chocolate Shell and Hot Spiced Butterscotch, and Hot Fudge and brioche for Sicilian ice cream sandwiches., I spend hours looking at these things., All the flavors for a very cold Ja 2, 2013.  We're open until 11P but the flavors can change before then.  http://t.co/gW7suap4, Oranges for the Hot Spiced Buttercotch, which has ten to twelve other ingredients, A movie about Haley House, made by Emerson students.  http://t.co/7VCl9DIh, Ed Sorel was here to illustrate the meeting between Vaughn and Tom E.  But Vaughn had to reschedule., First Adam made Chocolate Peppermint Shell.  Today he made Salty Chocolate Shell.   He IS Tom Carvel.  We also have Hot Spicy Butterscotch., Boss Rudnick of Waltham & Boss Mimi of Chelsea want to appoint Barney Frank to the Senate.  He will be their dupe., Rudnick:  If Patrick appoints Brown to the empty Senate street he has to promise not to run, making it impossible for him to win the seat., More info about making better coffee  http://t.co/cw0BdmfT  And a piece by Oliver Strand on weighing., Seoul outdoes Coffee Life in Japan  http://t.co/d6NfmpFY, "It drops through food like a Japanese Sashimi knife."  http://t.co/qhrEVzj1  Oooh, Little article in DigBoston sent me to this now successful Kickstarter.  http://t.co/JgBv5we5, How'd it get to be Wednesday without Monday or Tuesday?, Ja 9 at Ryles  http://t.co/qaL7284a  New Japanese world music, A visitor asked about Thai food & I told him Thailand Cafe had great Szechuan food.  He went to Pepper Sky which doesn't have Szechuan food, Jean Berko Gleason explains why growing numbers of the self-absorbed are so annoying  http://t.co/XHX9kJIN, Best art show of the year was at Addison in Andover  http://t.co/DtExfz60  Worst was Mario Testino at MFA., The nation may go to hell but not milk prices  http://t.co/UsjZraeO  Thank goodness, 2012's best new flavors:  Roxbury Puddingstone, Pear Chardonnay S., Kinako,  Bleu Cheese, and we brought back Brad's Malted Milk Ball, Don't know why the Globe chose 18 things to do in 2013 but one was a Banh Mi at Strip T's in Watertown.  http://t.co/fkKLys8p, Not much fun to call and check internet before driving to Powderhouse and find Doowee & Rice closed., We're open until 8PM on New Year's Eve., Dig Boston review says Doowee & Rice is closed on Sunday., The complete list for this cold Su De 30 2012.  http://t.co/gW7suap4, A cold Sun at the end of the year:  Khulfee, Italian Egg Nog, Noc, Cocoa P, Ba Foster, B3, Roxbury Puddingstone, Mano S, BlackberryCoconut S, We're open tonight until 11PM.  Got an all-star shift including most of Today Jr., Got to Amherst's Mead Gallery for the very good show on Tokyo and enjoyed the rest of the museum.  Caffeinated at Amherst Coffee & Rao's, We're closed on New Year'd Day!  On New Year's Eve we are open from 9AM until 8PM.  Happy New Year., NYC film critic Lisa Rosman came by for Lemon Espresso which we were serving.  There is also a pint and half pint pre packed in the walk-in., Jonathan Gold was on NPR talking about Pico Blvd. food.  http://t.co/V9r0Sjnf  Any Jonathan Gold is worthwhile., Time is running out to make a donation to the Brattle.  http://t.co/EQZxGtB1  Today is more Gene Kelly.  You'll dance like him., Lisa Mullins' last story on The World was amazing.  Goth church services in the UK., Cool site.  http://t.co/27rW6rbT  Interesting make you hungry stuff., Get ready for New Year's Eve and the New Year.  http://t.co/4GUVnUjQ, Best things about Its Always Fair Weather were Cyd Charisse and Gene Kelly on skates.  The rest anticipated morose Sondheim.  Unfortunately., Great things from a restaurant but not served in the restaurant:  caramels from Ashmont Grill and stollen from Journeyman., Its Always Fair Weather is a not very popular Gene Kelly/Stanley Donen musical that may be in the midst of reappraisal  http://t.co/9vv8GjU7, Tonight, in our kitchen,  Adam Simha will be photographing chefs Collin Davis, Doug Williams and Louis Di Bicari using his very sharp knives, Too late for Christmas, Vaughn finds Cards Against Humanity.  http://t.co/eoge5MhP  The perfect gift for misanthropes., ArchitectureBoston has an issue about NOT building the Inner Belt, which was followed by the $22B Big Dig  http://t.co/aWz3bRDx, Adam Simha of MKSDesign is in our kitchen, photographing chefs with his knives.  http://t.co/BYDoNGdm, Tomorrow is the last Friday of the month and we give away half scoops to people who ride to work or walk or use the MBTA, The other more important cliff:  Dairy prices set to spike.  http://t.co/8eawvM2w, Our Pond Hockey correspondent noted that it is only a little more than a month before pitchers and catchers report.  Good grief., The complete list, as of noon for Th De 27 2012.  Sandra is making ice cream., Baby boom and baby bust cities in the US  http://t.co/3JpdSD0T, 7PM at MFA The English Patient.  http://t.co/ByDoO0Cu  No popcorn.  No soft drinks., Jen to Dave after he suggested not paying a parking ticket, "I don't remember you ever giving any good advice.", "A CHRISTMAS MIRACLE" according to Jen Zink when Dave Dow, now of SF, walked in.  Jen is in the Twinsy Cities., On the Town and Anchors Away as part of the Gene Kelly centennial  http://t.co/4ROVedXm, Buon Natale from Central Sq., Cambridge, Area Four, 02139, http://t.co/3emCOEea  How Cambridge school rank against the industrialized world., Oliver Strand's Ristretto IS ending.  NYTimes to continue publishing style sections and other terrible things.  http://t.co/Mj3xY2l9, We're closing at 2PM.  Central Bottle is closing at 6PM.  Cambridge Bicycle is open, and the Central Sq. firehouse.  Central buttons up., Memories of an English boyhood flood back as Neil Gaiman samples a prototype of Ovaltine, photographed by Amanda.  http://t.co/gW7suap4, Today is Christmas Eve and we're open until 2PM.  Then we start wrapping and hanging Christmas stockings., A friend and customer is reviving Bosco, the chocolate syrup from WPIX and my childhood.  He sent a Special Edition Limited Run as gift!, Prompted by the http://t.co/rTcWV7FY but found in Gastronomica  http://t.co/aqpHfziO  Ongoing discussion of Bourdieu's Food Space., Good grief.  Because of the fiscal cliff inactivity the price of milk may double to $7 a gallon.  http://t.co/6lXRABGN, Corby's list of the year's best cookbooks.  http://t.co/IJW1Jc53, La Zink is back!  Turn off the lights.  Take cover., The complete list of flavors for a cold De 23, 2012.  Ho ho ho., Su De 23:  Nocciola, Blackberry Coconut S, Burnt, Earl Grey, Rum Raisin, B3, Italian Egg Nog, GNR, Cookie Dough, Butter Chocolate Chip, The city of Cambridge is quiet, cold and we're busy.  Ice cream flavors for Su De 23, 2012

French Vanilla
Belgian Chocolate
Mango
Rum Raisin
Ginger
Banana
Strawberry
Cookie Dough
Hydrox Cookie
Butter Chocolate Chip
Grapenut Raisin
Coffee
B3
Burnt Caramel
Nocciola
Maple Walnut
Cocoa Pudding
Blueberry Lemon
Sweet Cream
Amaretto Almond
Peanut Butter Hydrox Cookie
Chocolate Peppermint
Italian Egg Nog
Earl Grey
Vienna Finger Cookie
Lemon Espresso
Saffron Orange Khulfee
Bourbon
Bleu Cheese
Goat Cheese Brownie

Mango Sorbet
Blackberry Coconut Sorbet

We have hot futdge, ice cream cakes and Earth, Wind & Fire on the stereo., Bicyling elf brought us an amazing -still warm!- eggplant sub form Vinny's in Somahville and news that Ana Sortun has bought The Paddock., The Costco wine blob!  http://t.co/Ycatbp8e, All the flavors we have tonight, Sa De 22.  Its cold but so is the ice cream.  Which is as it should be., One of the high points in Brick is when a kid shows up wearing a Bane tshirt, Nick Brangian's old band.  http://t.co/WJYEpGvM, A film noir about high school http://t.co/WJYEpGvM  Almost until the end., Mark Strand had a wonderful NYT blog, Ristretto.  Sadly it is gone.  http://t.co/L2RPtnOa, Who teaches those rich people to say "That is not acceptable."  I'm guessing they learn in law school.  Maybe while studying Loopholes., Morning customer complains that The Antichrist has stolen 12 of her toothbrushes., Discrimination or quotas or what for Asian American students.  http://t.co/1u0uSS2J, We swap Lemon Espresso for informed film reviews with Lisa Rosman  http://t.co/QoHk5z3l, Made a David Lebovitz Turron.  Whoa.  Oranges, almonds, pistachios and variations thereof., Kerry Flynn of The Crimson writes about Allston as Harvard's Kendall Sq.  http://t.co/tJhXdOko, Signage for Airports.  If you travel you deal with this.  http://t.co/3ectMXzY, Working on the Buttermilk again.  Delivering ice cream to Il Casale and for our designer Gill Fishman., A pokey grey day in Central. GSM, B3, Noc, Italian Egg Nog, Burnt!, Salty Caramel,
Khulfee, Ch 3, Bleu Cheese, Goat Cheese Brownie, Grapenut, Former scooper Nick Page is in Lincoln, having -for a moment abandoned the sweet life in LA.  We talked about customers and cats.  One cat., Borealis Breads in Maine makes Beer and Bacon bread & other great things, discovered during Maine Kneading Conference.  http://t.co/rmDFY48H, The Bread Shack in Auburn, Maine has the best croissants I've eaten in years including a trip to Paris.  http://t.co/rmDFY48H, An article in today's Globe that grew out of a trip to the Maine Kneading Conference in Skowhegan.  http://t.co/rmDFY48H, http://t.co/9iB3Uzd2  Bondir isn't moving to Concord but they are opening a restaurant there.  The tiny 02139 place remains on Broadway., The ice cream flavors.  No school.  Kind of warm.

French Vanilla
Belgian Chocolate
Chocolate #3
Goat Cheese Brownie
Coffee
Coconut
Rum Raisin
Ginger
Banana
Strawberry
Cookie Dough
Pumpkin
Ginger Snap Molasses
Grapenut
B3
Burnt Caramel
Khulfee
Hydrox Cookie
Black Raspberry
Sour Cream
Cinnamon-Nutmeg
Peppermint Stick
Peanut Butter Honey
Butter Almond
Tiramisu
Salty Caramel
Lemon Espresso
Vienna Finger Cookie
Bleu Cheese

Mango Sorbet
Coconut Sorbet

We also have Hot Fudge, Pushups, Totopops, Sangwiches, and Brioche ice cream sandwiches., International coffee expert investigates Italian marketing of coffee.  Impressed., In the Phoenix Alexandra Cavallo has hilarious review of Denny's Hobbit menu.  Clio's Apple Crumble photo is awesome.  http://t.co/SwAbamW3, This is the worst photo of an intense artist with interesting thoughts on design & wine  http://t.co/NJ9lgq1b, Ace sends this report on a Starbucks Twitter campaign in UK that didn't work.  http://t.co/Ijw8MP0q, Who cares about MIT's 2.009?  Caltech made a gingerbread Mars Rover.  http://t.co/gWUuz4iN, A contrarian suggestion on Energy from Newgeography  http://t.co/Mv5Yndkw, In 2010 we participated in 2.009, the climax of MIT's Mechanical Engineering course.  This year's event was on Monday.  http://t.co/4FPeMUyL, Christmas Eve- open at 9am and close at 2 pm.  Closed Christmas.  And regular hours on the 26th!, A long plane ride:  2 Days in NY (awful) Live Free or Die Hard (awful) Bourne Legacy (surprising, not so mean-spirited, dull villain), Did Len Wiseman get an award for Worst Director for Live Free or Die Hard?, MIDNIGHT FANTASY Three Days in Paris is not what you think.  Does include cute Japanese guy demonstrating good pour over technique., World's smartest bicyclist sent a beautiful bag of Intelligentsia La Perla de Oxaca.  Thanks and more thanks in the morning., Swiss airline (not Swissair!) flight included vegetarian lasagna from what they claimed was the first veggie restauarant & a PMP from truck, The earlier tweet about Roman subways and trenini feeling like the inside of a snake was a compliment.  Very neat design., The new Saveur 100 includes Island Creek's rolls.  The description is irresistible.  Why do they serve them with shellfish?, I always tell people you can get Taza d'Oro at the airport.  Not any more.  So get to the Pantheon., More gelati than coffee today.  A new favorite is Al Settimio di Gello.  The nicest server and the nicest group of customers.  In Prati., Tonight we were behind a guy who must have unlimited Urdu voice package from Telecom Italia.  Everyone talks but he was the champion., Half of Rome's subway cars are the best I've seen and half seem to have come from The Bronx.  New ones feel like you're inside a snake., Central Sq for sale.  http://t.co/ECll7nsY  Maybe those Central Bankers from MIT want to return., From Central Sq to completely fabulous Central Bankers.  http://t.co/jVPoD4Z0, "While at MIT, the central bankers discussed their ideas @ cheap food joints in a rundown Boston-area neighborhood on the Charles River.", Oliver Strand of NYTimes picks Coffee Life in Japan as one of the year's best books.  http://t.co/mGVkDxRe, Yum.  Its the Taza Chocolate Holiday event.  De 15/16.  This weekend.  http://t.co/dqEb3t2z, First Roman ice creams or gelati at Tres Scalini.  First time I I came out of shop and recognized -with a start- Bernini's fountain.  Whoa., Today's best overheard conversation moved seamlessly form Oscar Neimeyer to the dark future of Brasil's football team., Try our new Salty Mint Chocolate shell, or brown bonnet or whatever you called it.  Its very good and entirely out of season., I have 'MBR shirts with photos of Generoso Fierro  and now I have a City of Cambridge flyer with him in the new library., I will be at Harvard's Maxwell Dworkin for a hilarious reading of misguided scientific papers.  330>5Pm  Fr De 7.  http://t.co/uESOvNNL, I don't always agree with Craig Kelley but as a zealous bicyclist he thinks a lot about bike safety.  He sent an idea-filled email., John Hawkinson of The Tech reports on MIT and MIMCO's plans for Kendall Sq.  http://t.co/U8qMcjfs, We got a pressure cooker and we're getting lessons from Chef Tan of Singapore.  Making progress on coconut milk carmelization., The complete list of flavors as of 1030A on Fr De 7., All of the ice cream flavors for Fr De 7 2012.  The flavors change during the course of the day.  We close at 11P.

French Vanilla

Belgian Chocolate

Mexican Chocolate

Goat Cheese Brownie

B3 (our most popular flavor:  Brownies, Brown Butter & Brown Sugar)

Kinako (Roasted soy flour from Japan)

Green Tea

Cocoa Pudding

Bleu Cheese

Khulfee (cardamom with almonds & pistachios)

Nocciola (Hazelnut)

Chocolate Chip

Maple Walnut

Hydrox Cookie ( a better version of Oreo )

Ginger

Saffron

Strawberry

Fresh Mint

Espresso

Butterscotch

Grapenut Raisin

Buckeye

Honey Vanilla Bean

Cinnamon Nutmeg

Mounds Bar

Bourbon Vienna Finger

Mixed Berry

Cappuccino

Mocha Chip

Coconut Sorbet

Mango Sorbet

Pear Apple Chardonnary Sorbet

We also have Hot Fudge and Hot Spiced Butterscotch, ice cream cakes, Totopops and Ice Cream Sangwiches, Gary finds the earliest sunset  http://t.co/KlG0WdtX does show tomorrow sunset 4:11p, w/ 4:12p on either side.  Thank you., A summary of morning flavors:  Cocoa P, Burnt!, Bleu Cheese, Kinako, Green Tea, B3, Mexican Ch, Goat Cheese Brownie, Mango S, Coconut S., A darker photo of Sandra taken during the Tiny Power Outage., Went looking for fresh wasabi but couldn't find it.  Did see a picket line in front of Hotel Meridien.  Maybe make Coconut Wasabi Sorbet., Our most mysterious worker, photographed by Alex Aroyan, during the brief power blackout., I think tomorrow is the earliest sunset, not the shortest day but the earliest the sun sets in Boston., Best meeting of the day with John from B. Good.  Veggie burgers.  Hmmm.  He had B3., Using baby bananas (like baby vegetables) Alex created the Baby Banana Split.  We have six left for the price of a micro sundae.  Anime-like, What might be all of Moses Brown in Rhode Island is here right now.  The state becomes even smaller., Starbucks has a $450 gift card.  Made of stainless steel.  Way cool.  http://t.co/tcr6jLbh, A JP resident described a good cafe as a place where you can get a cup of coffee and knit for four hours., The Herald reports another death of a bicyclist.  http://t.co/D2izR6gj, DC used to have an unusual cab system with ride-sharing.  Now it seems less hostile  about Uber the online cab company  http://t.co/TPZh2bZI, The guys from Belly, Blue Room and Central Bottle have the neatest house.  In both senses of the word.  http://t.co/V7aLb1HD, Austin Hess of The Tech on Cambridge's new City Manager.  http://t.co/MxSoSKu2, I had the best small meal in my life at the new Giulia on Mass. Ave. in Cambridge., Speed's Hot Dogs has a sign about Warren Buffet liking their doggies.  He should.  They're $8.  They also take Level Up., MIT's latest proposals for Kendall Sq.  http://t.co/sMheKoAL, Tech's John Hawkinson writes:  MIT's possible description of big plans, City Hall Annex.  Planning Board starts at 7P.  http://t.co/FAx6L1V6, Italian Egg Nog is a year end favorite:  Anisette, Grand Marnier, Amaretto, vanilla, lemon and orange., Working on Apple Chardonnay Sorbet for Dante.  Yesterday Sam made Speculoos and Sandra is making the Italian Egg Nog., I don't know if this is the answer but its a step forward.  http://t.co/h7asHfwL, Redesigning the logo and graphic look of University of California  http://t.co/moQKMNxw  allegedly inspired by surfing, First Monday at New England Conservatory's Jordan Hall.  FREE 8PM  http://t.co/WTWDuqVT, Iron Chef Chelsea:  Ran into Pete from Dwelltime and Barismo at Restaurant Depot., Never mind all that search stuff,  Cambridge names a new city manager tonight  http://t.co/mS5y5n4X, Created at Formaggio South End event for Heather Atwood's new University of California Press book, Life of Cheese.  By Rufus Atwood using Noby Noby Boy., Today's ice cream flavors and Lisa Hirshkop's mesh.  http://t.co/gW7suap4, Bad typing ruins a small joke.  Today's ice cream flavors and Lisa Hirshkop's meshi.  http://t.co/gW7suap4, Its Monday.  Its December 3, 2012 and its unseasonably if not unreasonably nice for Boston at this time of year.  Here are the flavors, which will change over the day.

French Vanilla
Belgian Chocolate
Kinako (new flavor from Japan and Korea, made with roasted soy flour)
Strawberry
Raspberry
Ginger
Mango
B3
Hydrox Cookie
Maple Walnut
Nocciola
Butter Chocolate Chip
Cake Batter
Khulfee (cardamom and nuts)
Saffron
Buckeye (chocolate peanut butter a la Woody Hayes)
Espresso
Butterscotch
Earl Grey
Almond Joy
Salty Burnt Caramel
Grapenut Raisin
Cinnamon Nutmeg
Peppermint Stick
Bourbon Black Pepper
Cappuccino
Chocolate #3
Coffee Ice Cream Sandwich (exploring the idea of redundancy)
Butter Almond
Goat Cheese Brownie

Mango Sorbet
Coconut Sorbet

We also have Hot Fudge,  Hot Spiced Buttercotch, brioche ice cream sandwiches, Toto Pops, and Pushup Pops, Salman and Padma together forever  http://t.co/VIepHYUe, Alternahunks Doug Quint and Bryan Petroff of Big Gay Ice Cream fight back, this time against Yelp miscreants  http://t.co/Do07dDUp, Dexter Reilly finished fourth in Comicazi Pokemon steel cage death match., The Globe wrote of former Mayor White extracting cash & $4M donation to BU.  Silence ensued except for Rachel Cohen  http://t.co/HO2mioEG, Back to the Future and Scott Pilgrim vs. The World @ Brattle.  http://t.co/4ROVedXm  No Starship Troopers., Our customers at work  http://t.co/gFjaFx00, Scott Ambrose Reilly loved the book about The Wrecking Crew studio guys.  http://t.co/TftMcPxk  "The Frank Sinatra story alone is worth it", Larry Flynt unplugged at Sally O's in Union Sq. Somerville starting at 5PM.  He is leaving the Marshall amps at his house., After bicycling I had a big perfect cap at Voltage.  I would have pedaled faster if I had it before the ride., ASTA has a sign.  A sign that promises good food to an overlooked stretch of Mass. avenue between Beacon and Commonwealth., Just came from Heather Paxson's event at Formaggio South End.  You could nibble cheese & talk about The Life of Cheese  http://t.co/4GR0d2hX, The Crimson is cruising for a Pulitzer  http://t.co/3Q0765rq, Sharing with a friend I drank so much great wine at Journeyman that my estimate of the Kaffir Sorbet may be unreliable.  Excellent!, Pokemon city championship at Comicazi in Davis Sq.  Scott Ambrose Reilly and Dexter are both there., Why doesn't Fast Lane work in Kendall Sq garage?  Why doesn't it work at Massport Garage?, We're selling our newest flavor Kinako/Konggomul, made with roasted soy flour., Vaughn is usually atop our building moving his huge radar-like dishes to find things like this.  http://t.co/o2otftEA  Japanese ice cream., An article about the $7 Starbucks coffee that is a little more than the usual "viewing with alarm"  http://t.co/wWxu23Iw, So who is Scott Ambrose Reilly, besides being Mojo Nixon's manager, former head of Amazon Music and the possibly retired lead singer of Aces High.

Scott was one of our earliest regular customers and the most memorable.  He holds the store record for most days in a row eating banana splits.  When he found us to be unreliable providers of bananas he would bring his own.  I remember Scott entering the store holding above his head a yellow symbol of the phallocracy.  He shouted, "I'm here and I've brought my banana."  

Scott may have risked his life imitating Gumball Rally, Deathrace 2000 and a number of other terrible movies.  He decided to drive cross-country from Boston to San Diego in order to deliver ice cream.  Our ice cream.  He got past the agricultural quarantine at the California border before losing control of his car.  He survived.

Years later he showed up in Central Square touring with his rock critic band, Aces High.  They had pledged to perform five times, and only five times.  I took my cousin the Italian philosopher to the Middle East for his first American rock show and where we watched Scott sing Viva Las Vegas after being pelted with ladies underwear from a crowd that was unhinged by his pan-sexual appeal.  In the midst of the sweaty madness Mario leaned close and shouted, "Are American music shows always like this?"  Then Scott disappeared from view beneath hordes of fans. 

The legend continues., Went to Pandemonium to find celebrity customer Scott Ambrose Reilly and his heir, Dexter.  They were at a Pokemon event in the basement.  Great scene.  A bit like the bar scene in Star Wars.  A tiny girl who I was told was five had just done really well.  Altogether positive vibe.  Best subculture since I was invited to the Belt Sanding Races in JP., Stumbled into Pokemon battle at Pandemonium.  Wonderful.  Winners can go to Nationals.  Off to Comikazi on Sunday., They call him Mr. Bullethead.  We're packing up pints for Scott Ambrose Reilly, Pokedad:  BCh, B3, lots of Khulfee, Strawb, Pep Stick…., You end up spending a great deal of time staring at things.  Here's what's left after making a side of strawberries in David Lebovitz lemon syrup.  I think the rubber band looks very composed., All Asia may become Prospect Lounge and Pu Pu may also change  http://t.co/782xguts, Sam is making the Kinako.  In Korean I think its konggomul.  Do people care which name we use?  Ready for sampling by 5PM, Christine Liu found this weird Disney Barney's video.  http://t.co/8857S6Kr, Yesterday's power failure.  Today we have ice cream, heat, light, coffee and a lot of nice people until 11PM when we close., David Chang also likes to snowboard.  Me too when I'm not free climbing or scuba diving or running in the thin Afghan air.  Be interesting., Just made another small batch of Ovaltine.  Our Singaporean advisor has a favorite of the different kinds of Ovaltine.  Who knew?, Task One fulfills all the jokes about an iPhone Swiss Army Knife.  http://t.co/EKZQ8czz, The new issue of Gastronomica has a photo of a skull covered with rainbow colored cake sprinkles.  It is Darra Goldstein's last issue., Steve Johnson of Rendezvous, Gabriel Kremer of Salts and Joanne Chang pick holiday cookbooks.  http://t.co/3djeleZX, Everyone in Boston wants the city to be the way it was when they arrived. Boston Magazine writes about Coffee Connection & The Phoenix., The young men behind Rap Genius.  http://t.co/w8rpAZUb, James Verniere loves the new Brad Pitt movie, based on a George Higgins novel  http://t.co/EltSMfxj, Former Mass National Guard general retires "under a cloud" and gets $135K pension.  Accused of rape.  http://t.co/etK4rOu5, In Boston Magazine Corby Kummer likes Casa B and loves Tres Leches cake.  I foolishly had a tres leeches drink and almost didn't get home., An article about Elizabeth Warren's fundraising.  http://t.co/B56gqwYF  Globe has a piece on her late dog., West Newton Cinema may upgrade to Betamax.  Better to see a movie on Jet Blue, Yaphet Kotto in Blue Collar at the Brattle.  Tonight.  http://t.co/6ipocQzV, Jan Marie Dances offered to store our ice cream.  Thank you.  We're struggling to reopen.  Come visit in 30 minutes., The name of an old Cambridge neighborhood is being revived.  Observatory Hill by Hi Rise, Wet Paint, Local Root, Concord and Huron., RT @charliemarquard: @tosci better question - why 5 Starbucks in the Square?  A little diverstyl would be great!, We have given away ice cream during summer blackouts but this time it didn't last long enough for us to even contemplate.  Ice cream is hard, Toscanini's has power but no workers.  We're hoping the power stays on and trying to recall workers.  More soon., Power failure in Central Sq. Cambridge.  Everyone has a smart phone flashlight., Dark in Central Square.  Cop says power will be out for 6 to 8 hours.  We're closing for the night., Got a very clever card from Clover Fast Food.  A small envelope of fragrant mulling spices., This may be the first notice of JJ Gonson's Popup Potluck on Th De 13 at the corner of Mass & Columbus in Boston, Lots of cash and lots of understanding in the Globe.  http://t.co/ygXQjurS, The Crimson  is not afraid of tough questions.  Which of the 5 Starbucks in Square makes the best Pumpkin Latte  http://t.co/mKXzq68K, Most coverage of China's "Leadership change" has been like a restaurant review of places where heads of NY's Five Families used to meet., What the heck?  Tom Magliozzi of Car Talk looks like Ezra Pound.  http://t.co/gGbHOKhK  Did Pound laugh like that?, After noting Foxcomm's recycling of cooking oil Fallows surprises http://t.co/kiBFoV6i, The print edition of the Globe headlines "Beacon Hill worries about fallout from scandal"  Which scandal?  The probation dept., Reading everything linked here will keep anyone busy.  http://t.co/PmH4pQec  from the NYT overlooked philosophy column., The list of flavors for We No 28, 2012.  As of 830P.  http://t.co/EmETIZin, Egg are important but usually brown or white., These are the flavors on We No 28 2012 at 830P

French Vanilla

Belgian Chocolate

Raspberry

Strawberry

Cocoa Pudding

Khulfee

Gianduia (Chocolate Hazelnut)

Hydrox Cookie

Maple Walnut

Strawberry

Maple Walnut

Rum Raisin

Cherries & Chocolate Chips

Burnt Caramel

Green Tea

B3

Mango

Saffron

Cinnamon Nutmeg

Grapenut

Butter Almond

Nilla Nutter

Vienna Finger Cookie

Brown Butter Pumpkin Sage

Bourbon Black Pepper

Coffee Ice Cream Sandwich

Cardamom Ginger

Goat Cheese Brownie

Wort

Sweet Cream

Espresso

Mango Sorbet

Coconut Rum Sorbet

We have Hot Fudge and Spiced Hot Butterscotch.  We have ice cream cakes, ice cream sandwiches and hand-made ice cream brioches., MIT's favorite food truck Momogoose is going to open a Vietnamese restaurant near South Station.  http://t.co/OnmqiBzb, A very long and very good article about George Howell, of Coffee Connection and so much more.  http://t.co/mGmWXYLf, I'm sure they will do this better than anyone would ever imagine but Japan Air is serving KFC on flights from Boston  http://t.co/9ZekKeLD, How many good ideas are there?  http://t.co/utuuL1kZ, 650 East Kendall St. Cambridge Livable Streets on changing driving habits.  7P, Its that time.  The School of the MFA Art Sale  http://t.co/5hUBkIU2, The Pear Chardonnay Sorbet is being reconceptualized as Apple Chardonnay Sorbet., Still savoring Pierre Herme's wasabi magic from last night's demo at GSD., Still savoring Pierre Herme's, Wellesley College grows coffee in its greenhouses.  Judson from HiRise will do a demo after Corky White's lecture., Last night was Pierre Herme at GSD.  Today at 1PM is Corky White on Coffee Life in Japan at Wellesley Science Center, Noon at MIT  http://t.co/TDShkfIn link between immigration and entrepreneurship., Last night Pierre Herme was at Piper auditorium in GSD's Gund Hall.  Altogether amazing.  Packed, folks from ASTA, Blue Frog, Journeyman, UPenn online design course focusing on design of ice cream scoops.  https://t.co/UsRigYBL, Unauthorized French tv on IgNobel Awards.  lHhQ9jJ1htg, Vanderbilt's Larry Bartels at Radcliffe Gym 4PM  Search for meaning in elections., Shades of Bill Forysth's Comfort & Joy, Mr. Yummy & Mr. Whippy have an ice cream war.  http://t.co/IKa6Ui6l  sent by Globetti, Sandra and Vaughn made fabulous Carmelized Coconut.  Now to scale up., Apollo 13 at Brattle  5P 8P http://t.co/wf46bTrH, RT @stevensolo: Coffee Life in Japan-In London! November 30, Coffee/talk at Prufrock, Leather Lane, 11 am: @merrycorkywhite her book,, RT @merrycorkywhite: Jenny White's talk on Benedict Anderson raised great questions: why do we imagine places and time and ethnicity?, Sleep Crime, Surf Doom heavyweights are at All Asia tonight.  http://t.co/bqzwU5hK  Not a benefit for Sea Bright NJ, Pierre Herme is at Harvard's Graduate School of Design 630P   tonight, Has it really been 20 years since 1369 opened and can I really be scheduling stuff for January 2013?, Dan Allen sent this report on Arturo Toscanini's relentless and romantic nature.  http://t.co/gHSqAjtf, Apollo13 @ Brattle on Tuesday http://t.co/wf46bTrH  One of my brother's favorite movies., DigBoston suggests "Movies and the Moral Adventures of Life" from MIT Press Bookstore., Andrea Potti lives!  A changed Andrea showed up with fabulous glasses, purplish hair, a hunk from Texas and Jen from 02130. On way to Japan., Had trashy shopping time in Everett. Went to Best Buy for a computer they didn't have.  Only good thing was buying R. Kelly's Write Me Back., Central Sq. Bertucci's isn't cool.  Pizza was good as were drinks.  Waiter was great.  Room was quiet.  Maybe it is cool., Since Obama first took office drones have killed 2500 http://t.co/8FAZ4hfG, I worked with Roma 2050.  Today we made Espresso Granita, Apple-Pear Sorbet and Ginger ice cream.  We also got Chez P French Vanilla ready., A cautionary story about solar energy farms.  http://t.co/CQicZc7r, Funny movie  http://t.co/d7XDtPtU  I love movies about guys who aren't too smart., Whoops.  All the ice cream flavors, as of 313PM, for Sa No 24 2012  http://t.co/gW7suap4, All the ice cream flavors -at this moment- for Sa No 24 2012, Ice cream flavors for Sa No 24 2012.  I have survived a misguided trip to Best Buy in Everett.  Don't go.

French Vanilla

Belgian Chocolate

Sweet Cream

Rum Raisin

Cocoa Pudding

Khulfee

Gianduia (Chocolate Hazelnut)

Cookie Dough

Grapenut

Strawberry

Maple Walnut

Raspberry

B3

Saffron

Black Bottom

Wort

Turkish Mocha

Earl Grey Lite
Bourbon
Mint Hydrox Cookie

Chocolate Peppermint

Espresso

Salty Burnt Caramel

Nilla Nutter

Goat Cheese Brownie

Vienna Finger Cookie

Butter Almond

Green Tea

Mango

Strawberry Sorbet

Coconut Rum Sorbet

We have Hot Fudge and Spiced Hot Butterscotch.  We have ice cream cakes, ice cream sandwiches and hand-made ice cream brioches., Ace also has an iPhone 6 as will Corky., News from Vang Vieng from Marc + Sally, There are terrible things out there.  We use great restraint., Harvey the B Good truck stops in front of 899 Main Street before heading for Newbury St and Harvard Sq.  They give away shakes., New flavor ideas from Michigan:  Gula Melaka, , Cendol, Milo.  Milo is the easiest., Dan Mehr is in his own ways Sherlock Holmes' Smarter Brother.  Why didn't they call him Mycroft Mehr?, Harvey the B Good truck stopped by.  Thery're on their way to Newbury St. and Harvard Square.  Took photos., Dan Mehr,car whiz,  is visiting.  Yes., 2000 Honda Civic is the most popular car to be stolen in MA., Prius is the least popular car in the US to be stolen., former scooperstar Agustin Orengo came by to say hello and get some Khulfee before heading to East Africa., My Roman cousin was amazed that Chelsea has a Starbucks.  We had a big discussion about DD and Starbucks and America., I asked a petite friend about cars and small cars."For me they're all small.  I can't see out the window without a pillow. You can't see me", A friend got the new kind of pudgy Nokia.  How did he like it? "Perfect for bulky guys with fat fingers."  It died within 24 hours., Meantime I'm continuing to work on Apple Sorbet that doesn't taste like frozen applesauce.  One solution is to use pears., Sandra is back and she and Sam made Sour Cherry Sorbet 1.0  I think it needs a little tweaking but its already good., George Mokray on the internet as Potlatch and Peer to Peer Politics.  http://t.co/gW7suap4, Don't shop on Friday.  MIT Museum is open for Friday After Thanksgiving.  So are we and so is MFA., I hate Jude Law and no one likes Keira Knightley but Anna Karenina is excellent, very theatrical, very British way., Thinking Cup is open on Thanksgiving and crazy busy.  Joe and Cable on the bar making good drinks as fast as they can.  http://t.co/uF6tmVHv, We'll be closed tomorrow, but will be open on Black Friday, whatever that is., John Garland -like Elvis- has left the building.  Unlike Elvis he is headed for Quincy and MIlton., New issue of Phoenix on Central Sq:  Broadway Bicycle, Veggie Galaxy, Cafe Luna, and Jere Pilapil, the FourSquare mayor of Middle East., This is a great idea.  MIT Museum's Friday After Thanksgiving.  With Arthur Ganson.  http://t.co/VIfqKxJE, A list of all the flavors we have right now, which will change.  http://t.co/gW7suap4  Today is National Pint Day!, Ice cream flavors for We No 21, 2012 Thanksgiving

The Mass Pike is backed up but suddenly parking in Cambridge is a breeze.  The students are gone.  Tonight we’re open until 11PM.  We’re closed tomorrow, Thanksgiving.  This list shows what we have right now.  Even during the winter we sell a lot of ice cream and we can run out of a flavor in a few hours.

French Vanilla

Belgian Chocolate

Sweet Cream

Rum Raisin

Cocoa Pudding

Khulfee

Nocciola

Cookie Dough

Grapenut

Strawberry

Maple Walnut

Mango

Pumpkin

B3

Burnt Caramel

Saffron

Black Bottom

Chocolate Chip

Turkish Mocha

Earl Grey Lite

Roxbury Puddingstone

Mint Hydrox Cookie

Salty Lemon

White Coffee

Bourbon

Butter Almond

Chocolate Peppermint

Goat Cheese Almond

Vienna Finger Cookie

Coffee Hydrox Cookie

Mango Sorbet

Coconut Rum Sorbet

We have Hot Fudge and Spiced Hot Butterscotch.  We have ice cream cakes, ice cream sandwiches and hand-made ice cream brioches., Our Pond Hockey Correspondent is willing to see the new Red Dawn, even though it may be blasphemy to remake the classic., The day before Thanksgiving is dedicated to sending ice cream:  to Cape Cod, to NJ, to VT, to NY.  Pints and half gallons for hungry people., Anyone use Hipmunk?  We're planning a family visit to Amy's in Austin and this is great and fun., Even in the winter, and I guess its winter, the flavors can change quickly.  We post a complete list once a day.  http://t.co/gW7suap4, Are these good or a good idea?  http://t.co/fDJVLkDW, All the flavors for a cold Tuesday night, No 20 2012, All the flavors for a cold night in Central Square,  No 20, 2012

French Vanilla

Belgian Chocolate

Hydrox Cookie

Rum Raisin

Butter ChocolateChip

Khulfee

Nocciola

Green Tea

Grapenut

Strawberry

Peppermint Chocolate Chip

Mango

Pumpkin

B3

Ginger Snap Molasses

Saffron

Black Bottom  (Cocoa Rum with Ginger Snaps)

Sweet Cream

Cocoa Pudding

Maple Walnut

Roxbury Puddingstone

Cookie Dough

Lemon Burnt Caramel

White Coffee

Bourbon

Guinness

Barismo Espresso

Goat Cheese Brownie

Vienna Finger Cookie

Coffee HydroxCookie

Mango Sorbet

Coconut Rum Sorbet

We also have Hot Fudge, Hot Spiced Butterscotch, Brioche Ice Cream Sandwich, Ice Cream Sandwiches, Japanese inventions that didn't work out  http://t.co/HiDcMNGe, George Mokray forgets about the environment to send this link about the "ice cream murder trial" in Vienna.  http://t.co/mjsPT92x, BUTodays offers ideas for a weekend you that may find you marooned in Boston  http://t.co/rNa2ISb6, 02139 startup, now in Vietnam  http://t.co/gjljLARi, Corky White takes time off from Japan and coffee to discuss Macy's Parade & Detroit Lions  http://t.co/hHWnReHC, Made a Ginger which I think is too mild.  More volts!  Samples of Kinako were well-received, I think this is a better address for planet takeout  http://t.co/989nINVx, Got up early for holiday deliveries & heard Jeff Potter Cooking for Geeks & a wonderful http://t.co/bsFIzinh about Chinese restaurants., Contemplating Dig Boston Awards:  East Coast Grill, R F O'Sullivan's, Punjabi Dhaba, All Star Sandwiches, Veggie Planet, Zuzu, Casa B, Petsi, Caffeinated Cracker Jack?  http://t.co/lXjViVwi, Monday  No 19 2012 ice cream flavors for sundaes

French Vanilla
Belgian Chocolate

Hydrox Cookie
Rum Raisin
Chocolate Chip &Cherries
Khulfee
Nocciola
Green Tea
Grapenut
Strawberry

Bananas  Foster
Mango
Pumpkin
B3
Ginger Snap Molasses
Saffron
Black Bottom
Sweet Cream
Cocoa Pudding
Roxbury Puddingstone
Butter Walnut
Cookie Dough
Lemon Burnt Caramel
Salty Caramel
Bourbon
Guinness
Barismo Espresso
Goat Cheese Brownie
Vienna Finger Cookie

Coffee Hydrox Cookie

Mango Sorbet
Coconut Rum Sorbet
We also have Hot Fudge, Hot Spiced Butterscotch, Brioche Ice Cream Sandwich, Ice Cream Sandwiches, Monday  No 19 2012 ice cream flavors for sundaes

French Vanilla
Belgian Chocolate

Hydrox Cookie
Rum Raisin
Chocolate Chip &Cherries
Khulfee
Nocciola
Green Tea
Grapenut
Strawberry

Bananas  Foster
Mango
Pumpkin
B3
Ginger Snap Molasses
Saffron
Black Bottom
Sweet Cream
Cocoa Pudding
Roxbury Puddingstone
Butter Walnut
Cookie Dough
Lemon Burnt Caramel
Salty Caramel
Bourbon
Guinness
Barismo Espresso
Goat Cheese Brownie
Vienna Finger Cookie

Coffee Hydrox Cookie

Mango Sorbet
Coconut Rum Sorbet
We also have Hot Fudge, Hot Spiced Butterscotch, Brioche Ice Cream Sandwich, Ice Cream Sandwiches, All the ice cream flavors for this afternoon,listed.  http://t.co/gW7suap4, Suggestive raspberries, Ozu's Dragnet Girl at Harvard Film Archives with live drumming and renshi.  http://t.co/Xg46it1G  Tonight. 7P, MassMouth is not a band.  They are storytellers.  Tonight at Passim in H2 7PM.  Tonight's theme is food., David Thomson is a surprising writer about films but this review of Lincoln is a review of the audience's intentions.  http://t.co/EjaEItz3, How far are you from Eau Claire Wisc ?https://t.co/rK1u0t2r  the amazing story of milk regulation.  Again., This is a big week for pints.  Mimi and I are off to Whole Foods Bedford to make sure they are supplied for Thursday's action., Benshi at Harvard Film Archive, accompanying American & Japanese films. Tonight Chaplin http://t.co/t55JO9ot Monday night is Dragnet Girl., Visual things from making Apple/Cider Sorbet., Sunday No 18 2012 ice cream flavors for sundaes

French Vanilla

Belgian Chocolate

Hydrox Cookie

Rum Raisin

Chocolate Chip &Cherries

Khulfee

Mint Chocolate Chip

Green Tea

Grapenut

Strawberry

Bananas  Foster

Mango

Pumpkin

B3

Ginger Snap Molasses

Saffron

Black Bottom

Sweet Cream

Cocoa Pudding

Roxbury Puddingstone

Butter Walnut

Cookie Dough

Lemon Burnt Caramel

Salty Caramel

Bourbon

Guinness

Barismo Espresso

Goat Cheese Brownie

Vienna Finger Cookie

Coffee Hydrox Cookie

Mango Sorbet

Cranberry Sorbet

We also have Hot Fudge, Hot Spiced Butterscotch, Brioche Ice Cream Sandwich, Ice Cream Sandwiches, All the ice cream flavors that are fit to eat for Su No 18  http://t.co/gW7suap4, Sunday flavors:  Roxbury Puddingstone, B3, Vienna Finger Cookie, Bourbon, Guinness, Mango S. Cof. Hydrox, Green Tea, Bananas Foster, Khulfee, Working with my ice cream apprentices from Italy we made Vanilla with tiny Marshmallows.  Maybe., Made Malted Milk Ball, which was excellent.  A permanent request from Scoutmaster Brad Goldstein., Making another batch of Apple/Cider Sorbet for Gibbet Hill., Moments from my first batch of Apple/Cider Sorbet for Gibbet Hill's Turkey Day., We're open until 11P.  Middlesex (MSex) is open until 2P.  So is Middle East.  Leave Harvard Sq. or go from ATM to ATM.  That's fun., We're open until 11PM tonight, Sa No 17.  On the night of a glorious victory by the Harvard football team., Sam made Chocolate Peppermint.  Some people love this.  I don't., On my way to work I saw people in blue and white scarves flashing Ivy League gang signs.  Like UK soccer hooligans, Roxbury Puddingstone, B3, Khulfee, Cherries + Choc Chips, Vienna Finger Cookie, Lemon Burnt Caramel, Ch No. 3, Hydrox Cookie, Mint Ch Chip, The entire list of flavors for Saturday No 16 2012  http://t.co/uF6tmVHv, Visitors from Rome or another planet., Flavors for Saturday No 16, 2012

French Vanilla
Belgian Chocolate
Hydrox Cookie
Cherries & Chocolate Chips
Khulfee
Mocha
Chocolate Chip
Grapenut
Strawberry
Bananas Foster
Mango
Mint Chocolate Chip
B3  (Brown Sugar, Brown Butter & Brownies)
Malted Vanilla
Saffron
Lemon Burnt Caramel
Earl Grey
Chocolate No. 3
Roxbury Puddingstone (A better version of Rocky Road)
Butter Walnut
Cappuccino
Orange Chocolate
Salty Caramel
Bourbon
Guinness (popular in Trinidad)
Barismo Espresso (lots of Arlington’s finest espresso)
Goat Cheese Brownie
Vienna Finger Cookie
Cinnamon

Mango Sorbet
Cranberry Sorbet

We also have Hot Fudge, Hot Spiced Butterscotch, Brioche Ice Cream Sandwich, Ice Cream Sandwiches, Fr ice cream flavors at Toscanini's  http://t.co/EmETIZin, Eggs, again., Khulfee, B3, Mango Sorbet, Goat Cheese Brownie, Barismo Esp., Tea & Biscuits, Roxbury Puddingstone, Or Chocolate, Salty Caramel, Ba Foster, Friday night ice cream flavors for ice cream sundaes  No 15, 2012

Its minor league football this weekend as Harvard and Yale flail away on Soldiers Field Road.   There is also a lot of good music around.  Friday night is  Session Americana at Lizard Lounge, Larry Flynt and Roads Scholars at Sally O’s in Somahville.  Saturday night is Bert Segar at the Lily Pad in Inman Square and Mike Scott of the Waterboys at the Brighton Music Hall

French Vanilla
Belgian Chocolate
Hydrox Cookie
Rum Raisin
Burnt Caramel
Khulfee
Barismo Espresso
Chocolate Chip
Grapenut
Strawberry
Bananas Foster
Mango
Mint Chocolate Chip
B3  (Brown Sugar, Brown Butter & Brownies)
Malted Vanilla
Saffron
Cherries & Chocolate Chips
Tea & Biscuits (Earl Grey ice cream, Lucy’s new favorite)
Chocolate No. 3
Roxbury Puddingstone
Butter Almond
Cappuccino
Orange Chocolate
Salty Caramel
Bourbon
Guinness (popular in Trinidad)
Vanilla Rooibos
Goat Cheese Brownie
Vienna Finger Cookie
Cinnamon
Mango Sorbet
Cranberry Sorbet

We also have Hot Fudge, Hot Spiced Butterscotch, Brioche Ice Cream Sandwich, Ice Cream Sandwiches, A smart guy recommended this piece about California as a political future.  Its not what conventional wisdom suggests.  http://t.co/oQVku21H, Lord Hobo is looking for a flavor to go with beer, maybe something with Bacon Candy.  Hmmm., Graham Parker made two great albums, 3 according to Steve Solomon, & did an incredible concert at the old Paradise.  http://t.co/OV6Xi1BK, The Mansion section of the WSJ must have been created by agents of the CP/USA to foment rebellion, A very smart friend suggested a flavor for Noam Chomsky called Alpha Bits, which I think is a cereal.  Maybe a cereal with deep structure., MIT rebound record holder Maureen Reitman visited, made some outlet passes and ate Burnt Caramel., Its Harvard Yale. Yea!  Guy at Pinocchio's says this is much busier than Head of the Charles.  Yalies have confidence about pizza tasting., Made a first batch of Lemon Cinnamon.  Very good and enthused.  Also working on Apple Cider Sorbet for Gibbet Hill and PB Cherry for Audubon, Lincoln is the Best Ron Howard movie ever made by Steven Spielberg., Tonight , Session Americana@ Lizard Lounge, as well as Larry Flynt & Roads Scholars at Sally's in Union Sq., Poetry reading at Book Shop in Ball Sq., Somerville.  6P  http://t.co/9QJaaG4M, Berries for ice cream, berries for sorbets, berries for sauces., Ice cream for a cold Thursday night, No 15, 2012

French Vanilla
Belgian Chocolate
Hydrox Cookie
Rum Raisin
Burnt Caramel
Khulfee
Maple Walnut
Chocolate Chip
Grapenut
Strawberry
Bananas Foster
Mango
Vanilla Rooibos
B3  (Brown Sugar, Brown Butter & Brownies)
Malted Vanilla
Saffron
Cherries & Chocolate Chips
Mint Hydrox Cookie
Chocolate No. 3
Roxbury Puddingstone
Butter Almond
Cappuccino
Orange Chocolate
Salty Caramel
Bourbon
Guinness (popular in Trinidad)
Vietnamese Coffee
Goat Cheese Brownie
Vienna Finger Cookie
Cinnamon

Mango Sorbet
Cranberry Sorbet

We also have Hot Fudge, Hot Spiced Butterscotch, Brioche Ice Cream Sandwich, Ice Cream Sandwiches, Off to the opening of new Local Root Kithchenware store on Concord Avenue, Its cold.  We have Khulfee, Roxbury Puddingstone, Goat Cheese Brownie, Guinness, Vietnamese Coffee, Ch Chip Burnt Caramel, B3, Mango S., Restaurant Depot is fullof good stuff, Ice cream for a cold Thursday night, No 15, 2012

French Vanilla
Belgian Chocolate
Hydrox Cookie
Rum Raisin
Burnt Caramel
Khulfee
Maple Walnut
Chocolate Chip
Grapenut
Strawberry
Bananas Foster
Mango
Vanilla Rooibos
B3  (Brown Sugar, Brown Butter & Brownies)
Malted Vanilla
Saffron
Cherries & Chocolate Chips
Mint Hydrox Cookie
Chocolate No. 3
Roxbury Puddingstone
Butter Almond
Cappuccino
Orange Chocolate
Salty Caramel
Bourbon
Guinness (popular in Trinidad)
Vietnamese Coffee
Goat Cheese Brownie
Vienna Finger Cookie
Cinnamon

Mango Sorbet
Cranberry Sorbet

We also have Hot Fudge, Hot Spiced Butterscotch, Brioche Ice Cream Sandwich, Ice Cream Sandwiches, Ice Cream Flavors for a cold Thursday night, No 15, 2012

French Vanilla
Belgian Chocolate
Hydrox Cookie
Rum Raisin
Burnt Caramel
Khulfee
Maple Walnut
Chocolate Chip
Grapenut
Strawberry
Bananas Foster
Mango
Vanilla Rooibos
B3  (Brown Sugar, Brown Butter & Brownies)
Malted Vanilla
Saffron
Cherries & Chocolate Chips
Mint Hydrox Cookie
Chocolate No. 3
Roxbury Puddingstone
Butter Almond
Cappuccino
Orange Chocolate
Salty Caramel
Bourbon
Guinness (popular in Trinidad)
Vietnamese Coffee
Goat Cheese Brownie
Vienna Finger Cookie
Cinnamon

Mango Sorbet
Cranberry Sorbet

We also have Hot Fudge, Hot Spiced Butterscotch, Brioche Ice Cream Sandwich, Ice Cream Sandwiches, Inside JJ Gonson's refrigerator.  http://t.co/SJNzT9CM  No info about her freezer, Rice at H Mart.  This store is always pretty, Adam Simha invented Burnt Caramel, our chairs, our sofas, the light and knives.  http://t.co/JljLyatv?, Mike Scott of the Waterboys!  At Brighton Music Hall on Sunday.  http://t.co/5vKAhiib, Thank you.  DigBoston rated us Best Ice Cream  http://t.co/rBUZzmNg  Check out the list., Art Auction to benefit Mass College of Art tonight 630PM Somerville.  http://t.co/lS3zH3Ho, The Media Sage of Delaware wonders if the Globe will now turn to Russell Pergament or install 21rst Century Wingo., Our tallest customer, Chelsea City Mgr Jay Ash came by with a friend and tasted new flavors including Roxbury Puddingstone, Local Root kitchen store is Grand Opening tomorrow, starting at 530PM, across from Hi Rise on Concord Avenue., Flavors for today, home-made cones, butterscotch  http://t.co/gW7suap4, Its sunny and Wednesday No 14

These are the flavors

French Vanilla 
Hydrox Cookie
Rum Raisin
Burnt Caramel
Khulfee (cardamom with almonds & pistachios)
Maple Walnut
Chocolate Chip
Grapenut
Strawberry
Bourbon Chocolate Flake
Mango
Gianduia (Chocolate Hazelnut)
B3
Malted Vanilla
Saffron
Green Tea
Mint Hydrox Cookie
Chocolate No. 3
Roxbury Puddingstone  (a better Rocky Road)
Nilla Nutter
Cappuccino
Orange Chocolate
Salty Caramel
Butter Almond
Sour Berry
Vietnamese Coffee
Vienna Finger Cookie
Cinnamon

Pink Grapefruit Sorbet
Cranberry Sorbet

Belgian Chocolate
Goat Cheese Brownie

We also have Hot Fudge and Hot Spiced Butterscotch,
Brioche ice cream sandwiches and big fresh homemade cones, Return of the outside line.  While waiting for very good noodles in Porter Sq I realized that it was as though I was back at Steve's., "I was listening to NPR… on my way to Whole Foods"  said driver arrested in Wellesley., Make great coffee. This sounds about right. http://t.co/vbyGjPN1  but I'm sure others will disagree., While making a deposit at Eastern Bank I realized that some people depend on free cups of coffee to get their day going., As part of IgNobel event I read a report about racial preferences for white American cheese vs. yellow American cheese.  Not entirely silly., After taking a month's salary in advance, company executives shut down most Upper Crust Pizza units.  https://t.co/jxMogFx3, Whee.  I woke up this morning and no FBI agents or generals or Senators had been linked to anyone., Tony Maws walks across the street to cook for the Central Sq. firehouse.  http://t.co/iSWV0ACB, Marc Abrahams runs the IgNobels.  At lunch I participated in an event at THE Law School.  Marc is the Puck of Science. Not Puck of Hockey., Joan Blake Saige marshalls a lot of information about coffee for her Health column.  http://t.co/57iZ8CDq, Stuff that doesn't get into the Pear Chardonnay Sorbet., Kyle Gale, son + daughter visited while I was making ice cream.  Most impressed with the case of Chilli-flavored Ramen we have for snacking., Japan is the land of many Kit Kat bars.  http://t.co/IilalIOV  Hot Chilli Kit Kat.  Good for exam hell., Hippest Dad in the wonderful 02138 zip., Janet Rosencookie visited from LA and Charles River Park.  Then Kyle + children visited from VT.  Everyone got samples., This month's PintsPlus flavors are Bleu Cheese (including a half pint of fig preserves) & Coffee Squared which consists of 2 coffee flavors., Susan Miron of http://t.co/APZahbhh on A Late Quartet, with criticism of actors' playing techniques.  http://t.co/7uVgFOwT, On Tue No 13 I will be part of a weird & wonderful IgNobel Science event at Wasserstein Hall of Harvard Law School.  https://t.co/8bYaEYNy, In a private email Shish of ASTA told me she and Alex might open on Mass. Ave in December.  Now you too know., The voice of Elmo from Sesame St. is on leave because of accusations of inappropriate  relationship with a teenage boy http://t.co/skeRXzE5, Super city day from the crowds in Boston Common to Castle Island.  Big breezes brought out wind surfers.  Then sped back down Mass. Avenue., Our Waltham correspondents have decamped for Laos.  http://t.co/gW7suap4, Marc and Sally report from Laos.  http://t.co/uF6tmVHv, Michelle Obama for President?  http://t.co/nZ1eBKlA, As a public service we offer a guide to Yalies for eating in Cambridge.  http://t.co/gW7suap4  Briefly, leave Harvard Sq., Its a beautiful day for the Central Sqare Farmers Market.  Beautiful Romanesco plants., Half the tech people are working to change the world but half work on stupid things.  Hence my app to enable Size 4 girls to swap t-shirts., While voting in Cambridge a friend learned a lot about Inuits from a tenured voter.  What an electorate., My social media guru thinks that throwing away thousands of emails was like burning up a car because you can't find a parking space., Its personal but in addition to high altitude running I enjoy rock climbing and hang gliding.  I'm competitive., I didn't want to discuss it but I too run 6 minute miles in the thin Afghan mountain air., Former scooper Dan Ruetnick produced a report on Post-Sandy neighborhood for 60 Minutes.  http://t.co/FRucjeh1, Training new ice cream makers, from Rome.  We are embracing employment policies of American sneaker companies., A guide to Eating in Cambridge for people from New Haven.  This weekend there's that football thing.  This is a good time for Cambridge residents to sneak into New haven and visit the British Arts Center, Louis Kahn's earlier Yale Museum, and eat lots of pizza.  Everyone talks about Sally's and Pepe's.  A few people mention Modern Pizza.  I always visit Naples Pizza for slices.  Then come right back to Boston.  The 02138 equivalent of Naples is Pinocchio's at 74 Winthrop St.  

Harvard Square is diminished from fifteen years ago but there might be a small increase in better eating places.  Once upon a time Harvard Square had the greatest concentration of bookstores in the US.  And lots of music stores and several camera stores.  No longer.  

http://numberonebus.tumblr.com/

Most of the good things in Cambridge are not to be found in expensive not so interesting Harvard Square.  Harvard Square has lots of ATM’s and a burrito joint on every corner.  if Banco de Mexico opened a branch that sold burritos they would fit in perfectly.  

If you insist on staying in Harvard Square then drop  to the bottom of this article.

PARENTS ARE PAYING

Salt
Gabriel Kremer, Food & Wine Best Young Chef
905 Main St.
617 876-8444
www.saltsrestaurant.com

Craigie on Main
Tony Maws, Food & Wine Best Young Chef and James Beard Award winner
Snout to tail, famous for its hamburger and much more.
853 Main St.
617 497-5511
www.craigieonmain.com

Rendezvous
Lifetime Achievement Award to Chef Steve Johnson
502 Mass. Ave.
617 576 1900
www.rendezvouscentralsquare.com

Bondir
Jason Bond’s very individual take on farm to fork locavore
279 Broadway
Ste A
Cambridge, MA 02139
617 661-0009
www.bondircambridge.com

Area 4
Michael Leviton takes the turnpike in from Newton’s Lumiere
Very good pizza plus
500 Technology Square
On Main St but the address is disguised with a real estate address that doesn’t tell you much at all.
www.areafour.com/

Catalyst
Bill Kovel from Aujourd’hui in Boston
300 Technology Square
Where your venture capitalist takes to give you good news or very bad news.
Close to Area Four but both addresses might as well be in different languages.  See previous complaint about made-up real estate addresses.  Worse than Tokyo.


Moksa
Asian fusion and mashup with a club.  
450 Mass. Ave.


Central Kitchen
Gary Strack’s hip bistro  upstairs is Bricks and Mortar, his hip cocktail joint.
567 Mass. Ave.
617 268-0106
www.enormous.tv/central

Firebrand Saints
Gary’s new restaurant in once-lonely Kendall Sqaure
1 Broadway
617) 401-3399

Meadhall
4 Cambridge Center
617  714-4372
www.themeadhall.com
Beer drinking engineers.  Yes!

Central Bottle
handsome wine store, great cheeses and meats and wonderful small bites inspired by Venetian cichetti.  When Flour is overwhelmed dodge in here.  You will be happy and feel a little smug about getting such good food without waiting.
196 Mass. Ave.
617 225-0040
www.centralbottle.com

Flour
The third bakery from Joanne Chang.  Sandwiches, home-made pop tarts and more.
190 Mass. Ave.
617 225-2525
http://flourbakery.com/

EVOO/ ‘Za
‘Za is the pizza and salad cafe.  EVOO is Patrick McCarthy’s restaurant.  Extra Virgin Olive Oli.
350 Third St.
617 661-3866
www.evoorestaurant.com

Abigail’s
291 Third St.
Cambridge, Massachusetts 02142
617 945-9086
A hip gastropub that just opened across from EVOO and next to Abigail’s.  Part of the group of places that might be traced back to East Coast Grill.
abigailsrestaurant.net


Fuji
303 Third St.
Sushi on a street that suddenly has a lot of people on it.

Miracle of Science
The perfect bar for this quirky neighborhood.  Lots of engineers, labtops for tables and photos of Einstein and Dr. Land.  Good ice cream too.
321 Mass. Ave.
617 868-2866.
www.miracleofscience.us/

Middlesex
The guys from Miracle of Science open a lounge-scene.  
315 Mass. Ave.
617 617 868 MSEX
www.middlesexlounge.com

AFRICAN
Bytes
Hidden down an alley parallel to Sidney Street but not really on Sidney.  Great West African food and American lunches.
64 Sidney st.
617 621-3513


Baraka Cafe
Northern African food.  Best lemonade in the world and much more.
80.5 Pearl St.
617 868-3951
www.barakacafe.com

Asmara Ethiopian
Central Square’s first and third African restaurant.
739 Mass. Ave.
617 617) 864-7447
www.asmararestaurantboston.com

Coffee shops
1369
757 Mass. Ave.
617 576-4600
www.1359coffeehouse.com

Dwelltime
364Broadway
http://dwelltimecambridge.com/
No longer Cambridge’s newest very good coffee shop.  Run from Hi Rise to Dwelltime and then on to Voltage.  You will run very fast and be happy.

Voltage
Another new neighbor in once empty Kendall Sq.  Across from EVOO and next to Abigails.
295 Third  St.
617  714-3974
www.voltagecoffee.com

Simon’s
1736 Mass Ave.
Cambridge, Ma.

Simon’s 2
corner of Mass. Ave. and Dana St.
Cambridge 

Now there are two Simon’s.  The first is between Harvard Square and Porter Square, not far from Harvard Law School, Lesley and the Radcliffe Quad.
Simon’s 2 is between Harvard Sqare and Central Square, across the street from Cambridge College, and for old-timers next to where the Orson Welles used to be.  

Starbucks
Venti and Trenta and singular Panini.  Worst version of Italian language in America.  Worse than the Marx Brothers.
655 Mass. Ave
617
www.

Dunkin Donuts
Munchkins!
Mass. Ave.


Toscanini’s
899 Main St.
617 491-5877
www.tosci.com

ASIAN

Mary Chung’s
Dan Dan noodles for weiguoren MIT engineers.
464 Mass. Ave.
617 864-1991
www.marychung.com

Fuji Sushi
300 Third St.
Kendall Sq. 
Cambridge, Ma.



Royal East
Where parents of Chinese MIT students eat.
792 Main St.
617 661-1660
www.royaleast.com

Pu Pu Hot Pot
The real name is No. 1 Scholar’s Special Eating Place
907 Main St.
617 491-6636
www.pupuchinese.com

All Asia
The Cape Cod League of Boston’s music scene.  Every band plays a few gigs here at the start of their careers.
332 Mass. Ave.
617 497-1544
www.allasiabar.com


Pepper Sky
Thai
20 Pearl St.
617 495-2541
wwww.pepperskys.com

Rangzen Tibetan
24 Pearl St.
617 354-8881
www.rangzenfood.com

Theolonious Monkfish
524 Mass. Ave.
617 441-2116
www.facebook.com/theloniousmonkfish

Thailand Cafe
A great Szechuan restaurant hidden inside a Thai restaurant.
302 Mass. Ave.
617 492-2494


INDIAN
Royal Bengal
313 Mass. Ave.
617) 491-1988




MIDDLE EASTERN FOOD

Middle East
472 Mass. Ave.
617
www.mideastclub.com

Zu Zu
474 Mass. Ave.
617  864 -3278 x 237
www.zuzubar.com

Karl’s Rant@Zu Zu
is the daytime version of Zu Zu with outside seating, brunch and lunch

Olive Tree Cafe
245 Mass. Ave.
617 441-8689
www.

BURGER CHAINS AND HEROIC BURGERS
Craigie on Main does not like being famous for its burger.  It is famous for many things but the burger is exceptional and a limited number are served.  Rendezvous also has a special burger.  If you wander out to Watertown there is a fabulous burger at Strip T's, amidst many fabulous things.

B. Good
We are prejudiced but this is our favorite burger chain.  They have lots of stores and a great veggie burger.  Very local.  Very friendly.  They use our ice cream.  

http://www.bgood.com/
Their store in Harvard Square is at 
24 Dunster St.

Four Burgers
704 Mass. Ave.
617 441-5444
www.fourburgers.com

McDonald’s 
463 Mass. ave.
Breakfast and McNuggets, too.


PIZZA
Every band eats here, and their fans. Then the fans start their own band.
Hi Fi Pizza & Giant Sub
496 Mass. Ave.
617 492-4600

Cinderella’s
They deliver everywhere, have a big menu, stay open late and sell Toscanini’s.  They’ll deliver Toscanini’s ice cream too.
901 Main St.
617 576-0280
www.cinderellasitalianfood.com

Chicago Pizza
239 Mass. Ave.
617 497 - 5555
www.cambridgepizza.com

GREATER CENTRAL SQUARE

INMAN SQUARE IS WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE, HAS HIDDEN PARKING AND FURTIVE MBTA SERVICE

East Coast Grill
A long-time purveyor of great foods, tons of  casual fun, “aggressively friendly service!”  
1271 Cambridge St.
Cambridge Mass.
617 491-6568
http://eastcoastgrill.net/

East by Northeast
Modern hip Chinese food, locavore
some people think the portions are small and the prices are high.  I don’t care.
1128 Cambridge st.
617 876-0286
http://exnecambridge.com/#&slider1=1

All Star Pizza
Across the street from All Star Sandwiches.  I say this epitomizes straightahead good pizza.
Corner of Prospect St. and Cambridge St.
1238 Cambridge St.
Cambridge, Mass.
617 547-0836
http://www.allstarpizzabar.com/directions.php

Clover Hub
Veggie and vegan food that everyone loves.  And they have Grillo’s Pickels as a neighbor.
1275 Cambridge St.
Cambridge Mass.

http://www.cloverfoodlab.com/?page_id=2248


Tupelo
Elvis was born in Tupelo, MIss.  Its a song by Van Morrison and the name of the chef’s daughter.  A tupelo tree has beautiful flowers and produces great honey.

1193 Cambridge Street
Cambridge, Ma.
617 868-0004
http://tupelo02139.com/

UNION SQ., SOMERVILLE

Over a rise and across some railroad tracks.  Some day the Green Line will arrive and this neighborhood will become special

Meantime there are several very good places to east.

Casa B.
A worthwhile neighbor for Journeyman, small Colombian and Puerto Rican tapas-style plates in a very designed restaurant
253 Washington St. (which is hard to find but well worth the inconvenience)
617-764-2180


Journeyman
Very avante garde food in a room that looks like something you’d find in Central Berlin or East London.
9 Sanborn Court
617-764-2180
http://www.journeymanrestaurant.com/

Back Bar is their amazing hole in the wall artisanal cocktail bar.  A new favorite.

WATERTOWN 

Watertown is down the Charles River from Cambridge.  You can reach it by driving down the parkways on either side of the river or taking a bus down Mt. Auburn St.  It is loaded with Armenian groceries and food stores, several Persian places and

Strip T’s
The restaurant find of the year.  Great food in an out of the way location.
Delicious lunch and dinner.

93 School Street
Watertown Mass.
www., A guide to Eating in Cambridge for people from New Haven.  This weekend there's that football thing.  This is a good time for Cambridge residents to sneak into New haven and visit the British Arts Center, Louis Kahn's earlier Yale Museum, and eat lots of pizza.  Everyone talks about Sally's and Pepe's.  A few people mention Modern Pizza.  I always visit Naples Pizza for slices.  Then come right back to Boston.  The 02138 equivalent of Naples is Pinocchio's at 74 Winthrop St.  

Harvard Square is diminished from fifteen years ago but there might be a small increase in better eating places.  Once upon a time Harvard Square had the greatest concentration of bookstores in the US.  And lots of music stores and several camera stores.  No longer.  

http://numberonebus.tumblr.com/

Most of the good things in Cambridge are not to be found in expensive not so interesting Harvard Square.  Harvard Square has lots of ATM’s and a burrito joint on every corner.  if Banco de Mexico opened a branch that sold burritos they would fit in perfectly.  

If you insist on staying in Harvard Square then drop  to the bottom of this article.

PARENTS ARE PAYING

Salt
Gabriel Kremer, Food & Wine Best Young Chef
905 Main St.
617 876-8444
www.saltsrestaurant.com

Craigie on Main
Tony Maws, Food & Wine Best Young Chef and James Beard Award winner
Snout to tail, famous for its hamburger and much more.
853 Main St.
617 497-5511
www.craigieonmain.com

Rendezvous
Lifetime Achievement Award to Chef Steve Johnson
502 Mass. Ave.
617 576 1900
www.rendezvouscentralsquare.com

Bondir
Jason Bond’s very individual take on farm to fork locavore
279 Broadway
Ste A
Cambridge, MA 02139
617 661-0009
www.bondircambridge.com

Area 4
Michael Leviton takes the turnpike in from Newton’s Lumiere
Very good pizza plus
500 Technology Square
On Main St but the address is disguised with a real estate address that doesn’t tell you much at all.
www.areafour.com/

Catalyst
Bill Kovel from Aujourd’hui in Boston
300 Technology Square
Where your venture capitalist takes to give you good news or very bad news.
Close to Area Four but both addresses might as well be in different languages.  See previous complaint about made-up real estate addresses.  Worse than Tokyo.


Moksa
Asian fusion and mashup with a club.  
450 Mass. Ave.


Central Kitchen
Gary Strack’s hip bistro  upstairs is Bricks and Mortar, his hip cocktail joint.
567 Mass. Ave.
617 268-0106
www.enormous.tv/central

Firebrand Saints
Gary’s new restaurant in once-lonely Kendall Sqaure
1 Broadway
617) 401-3399

Meadhall
4 Cambridge Center
617  714-4372
www.themeadhall.com
Beer drinking engineers.  Yes!

Central Bottle
handsome wine store, great cheeses and meats and wonderful small bites inspired by Venetian cichetti.  When Flour is overwhelmed dodge in here.  You will be happy and feel a little smug about getting such good food without waiting.
196 Mass. Ave.
617 225-0040
www.centralbottle.com

Flour
The third bakery from Joanne Chang.  Sandwiches, home-made pop tarts and more.
190 Mass. Ave.
617 225-2525
http://flourbakery.com/

EVOO/ ‘Za
‘Za is the pizza and salad cafe.  EVOO is Patrick McCarthy’s restaurant.  Extra Virgin Olive Oli.
350 Third St.
617 661-3866
www.evoorestaurant.com

Abigail’s
291 Third St.
Cambridge, Massachusetts 02142
617 945-9086
A hip gastropub that just opened across from EVOO and next to Abigail’s.  Part of the group of places that might be traced back to East Coast Grill.
abigailsrestaurant.net


Fuji
303 Third St.
Sushi on a street that suddenly has a lot of people on it.

Miracle of Science
The perfect bar for this quirky neighborhood.  Lots of engineers, labtops for tables and photos of Einstein and Dr. Land.  Good ice cream too.
321 Mass. Ave.
617 868-2866.
www.miracleofscience.us/

Middlesex
The guys from Miracle of Science open a lounge-scene.  
315 Mass. Ave.
617 617 868 MSEX
www.middlesexlounge.com

AFRICAN
Bytes
Hidden down an alley parallel to Sidney Street but not really on Sidney.  Great West African food and American lunches.
64 Sidney st.
617 621-3513


Baraka Cafe
Northern African food.  Best lemonade in the world and much more.
80.5 Pearl St.
617 868-3951
www.barakacafe.com

Asmara Ethiopian
Central Square’s first and third African restaurant.
739 Mass. Ave.
617 617) 864-7447
www.asmararestaurantboston.com

Coffee shops
1369
757 Mass. Ave.
617 576-4600
www.1359coffeehouse.com

Dwelltime
364Broadway
http://dwelltimecambridge.com/
No longer Cambridge’s newest very good coffee shop.  Run from Hi Rise to Dwelltime and then on to Voltage.  You will run very fast and be happy.

Voltage
Another new neighbor in once empty Kendall Sq.  Across from EVOO and next to Abigails.
295 Third  St.
617  714-3974
www.voltagecoffee.com

Simon’s
1736 Mass Ave.
Cambridge, Ma.

Simon’s 2
corner of Mass. Ave. and Dana St.
Cambridge 

Now there are two Simon’s.  The first is between Harvard Square and Porter Square, not far from Harvard Law School, Lesley and the Radcliffe Quad.
Simon’s 2 is between Harvard Sqare and Central Square, across the street from Cambridge College, and for old-timers next to where the Orson Welles used to be.  

Starbucks
Venti and Trenta and singular Panini.  Worst version of Italian language in America.  Worse than the Marx Brothers.
655 Mass. Ave
617
www.

Dunkin Donuts
Munchkins!
Mass. Ave.


Toscanini’s
899 Main St.
617 491-5877
www.tosci.com

ASIAN

Mary Chung’s
Dan Dan noodles for weiguoren MIT engineers.
464 Mass. Ave.
617 864-1991
www.marychung.com

Fuji Sushi
300 Third St.
Kendall Sq. 
Cambridge, Ma.



Royal East
Where parents of Chinese MIT students eat.
792 Main St.
617 661-1660
www.royaleast.com

Pu Pu Hot Pot
The real name is No. 1 Scholar’s Special Eating Place
907 Main St.
617 491-6636
www.pupuchinese.com

All Asia
The Cape Cod League of Boston’s music scene.  Every band plays a few gigs here at the start of their careers.
332 Mass. Ave.
617 497-1544
www.allasiabar.com


Pepper Sky
Thai
20 Pearl St.
617 495-2541
wwww.pepperskys.com

Rangzen Tibetan
24 Pearl St.
617 354-8881
www.rangzenfood.com

Theolonious Monkfish
524 Mass. Ave.
617 441-2116
www.facebook.com/theloniousmonkfish

Thailand Cafe
A great Szechuan restaurant hidden inside a Thai restaurant.
302 Mass. Ave.
617 492-2494


INDIAN
Royal Bengal
313 Mass. Ave.
617) 491-1988




MIDDLE EASTERN FOOD

Middle East
472 Mass. Ave.
617
www.mideastclub.com

Zu Zu
474 Mass. Ave.
617  864 -3278 x 237
www.zuzubar.com

Karl’s Rant@Zu Zu
is the daytime version of Zu Zu with outside seating, brunch and lunch

Olive Tree Cafe
245 Mass. Ave.
617 441-8689
www.

BURGER CHAINS AND HEROIC BURGERS
Craigie on Main does not like being famous for its burger.  It is famous for many things but the burger is exceptional and a limited number are served.  Rendezvous also has a special burger.  If you wander out to Watertown there is a fabulous burger at Strip T's, amidst many fabulous things.

B. Good
We are prejudiced but this is our favorite burger chain.  They have lots of stores and a great veggie burger.  Very local.  Very friendly.  They use our ice cream.  

http://www.bgood.com/
Their store in Harvard Square is at 
24 Dunster St.

Four Burgers
704 Mass. Ave.
617 441-5444
www.fourburgers.com

McDonald’s 
463 Mass. ave.
Breakfast and McNuggets, too.


PIZZA
Every band eats here, and their fans. Then the fans start their own band.
Hi Fi Pizza & Giant Sub
496 Mass. Ave.
617 492-4600

Cinderella’s
They deliver everywhere, have a big menu, stay open late and sell Toscanini’s.  They’ll deliver Toscanini’s ice cream too.
901 Main St.
617 576-0280
www.cinderellasitalianfood.com

Chicago Pizza
239 Mass. Ave.
617 497 - 5555
www.cambridgepizza.com

GREATER CENTRAL SQUARE

INMAN SQUARE IS WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE, HAS HIDDEN PARKING AND FURTIVE MBTA SERVICE

East Coast Grill
A long-time purveyor of great foods, tons of  casual fun, “aggressively friendly service!”  
1271 Cambridge St.
Cambridge Mass.
617 491-6568
http://eastcoastgrill.net/

East by Northeast
Modern hip Chinese food, locavore
some people think the portions are small and the prices are high.  I don’t care.
1128 Cambridge st.
617 876-0286
http://exnecambridge.com/#&slider1=1

All Star Pizza
Across the street from All Star Sandwiches.  I say this epitomizes straightahead good pizza.
Corner of Prospect St. and Cambridge St.
1238 Cambridge St.
Cambridge, Mass.
617 547-0836
http://www.allstarpizzabar.com/directions.php

Clover Hub
Veggie and vegan food that everyone loves.  And they have Grillo’s Pickels as a neighbor.
1275 Cambridge St.
Cambridge Mass.

http://www.cloverfoodlab.com/?page_id=2248


Tupelo
Elvis was born in Tupelo, MIss.  Its a song by Van Morrison and the name of the chef’s daughter.  A tupelo tree has beautiful flowers and produces great honey.

1193 Cambridge Street
Cambridge, Ma.
617 868-0004
http://tupelo02139.com/

UNION SQ., SOMERVILLE

Over a rise and across some railroad tracks.  Some day the Green Line will arrive and this neighborhood will become special

Meantime there are several very good places to east.

Casa B.
A worthwhile neighbor for Journeyman, small Colombian and Puerto Rican tapas-style plates in a very designed restaurant
253 Washington St. (which is hard to find but well worth the inconvenience)
617-764-2180


Journeyman
Very avante garde food in a room that looks like something you’d find in Central Berlin or East London.
9 Sanborn Court
617-764-2180
http://www.journeymanrestaurant.com/

Back Bar is their amazing hole in the wall artisanal cocktail bar.  A new favorite.

WATERTOWN 

Watertown is down the Charles River from Cambridge.  You can reach it by driving down the parkways on either side of the river or taking a bus down Mt. Auburn St.  It is loaded with Armenian groceries and food stores, several Persian places and

Strip T’s
The restaurant find of the year.  Great food in an out of the way location.
Delicious lunch and dinner.

93 School Street
Watertown Mass.
www., A guide to Eating in Cambridge for people from New Haven.  This weekend there's that football thing.  This is a good time for Cambridge residents to sneak into New haven and visit the British Arts Center, Louis Kahn's earlier Yale Museum, and eat lots of pizza.  Everyone talks about Sally's and Pepe's.  A few people mention Modern Pizza.  I always visit Naples Pizza for slices.  Then come right back to Boston.  The 02138 equivalent of Naples is Pinocchio's at 74 Winthrop St.  

Harvard Square is diminished from fifteen years ago but there might be a small increase in better eating places.  Once upon a time Harvard Square had the greatest concentration of bookstores in the US.  And lots of music stores and several camera stores.  No longer.  

http://numberonebus.tumblr.com/

Most of the good things in Cambridge are not to be found in expensive not so interesting Harvard Square.  Harvard Square has lots of ATM’s and a burrito joint on every corner.  if Banco de Mexico opened a branch that sold burritos they would fit in perfectly.  

If you insist on staying in Harvard Square then drop  to the bottom of this article.

PARENTS ARE PAYING

Salt
Gabriel Kremer, Food & Wine Best Young Chef
905 Main St.
617 876-8444
www.saltsrestaurant.com

Craigie on Main
Tony Maws, Food & Wine Best Young Chef and James Beard Award winner
Snout to tail, famous for its hamburger and much more.
853 Main St.
617 497-5511
www.craigieonmain.com

Rendezvous
Lifetime Achievement Award to Chef Steve Johnson
502 Mass. Ave.
617 576 1900
www.rendezvouscentralsquare.com

Bondir
Jason Bond’s very individual take on farm to fork locavore
279 Broadway
Ste A
Cambridge, MA 02139
617 661-0009
www.bondircambridge.com

Area 4
Michael Leviton takes the turnpike in from Newton’s Lumiere
Very good pizza plus
500 Technology Square
On Main St but the address is disguised with a real estate address that doesn’t tell you much at all.
www.areafour.com/

Catalyst
Bill Kovel from Aujourd’hui in Boston
300 Technology Square
Where your venture capitalist takes to give you good news or very bad news.
Close to Area Four but both addresses might as well be in different languages.  See previous complaint about made-up real estate addresses.  Worse than Tokyo.


Moksa
Asian fusion and mashup with a club.  
450 Mass. Ave.


Central Kitchen
Gary Strack’s hip bistro  upstairs is Bricks and Mortar, his hip cocktail joint.
567 Mass. Ave.
617 268-0106
www.enormous.tv/central

Firebrand Saints
Gary’s new restaurant in once-lonely Kendall Sqaure
1 Broadway
617) 401-3399

Meadhall
4 Cambridge Center
617  714-4372
www.themeadhall.com
Beer drinking engineers.  Yes!

Central Bottle
handsome wine store, great cheeses and meats and wonderful small bites inspired by Venetian cichetti.  When Flour is overwhelmed dodge in here.  You will be happy and feel a little smug about getting such good food without waiting.
196 Mass. Ave.
617 225-0040
www.centralbottle.com

Flour
The third bakery from Joanne Chang.  Sandwiches, home-made pop tarts and more.
190 Mass. Ave.
617 225-2525
http://flourbakery.com/

EVOO/ ‘Za
‘Za is the pizza and salad cafe.  EVOO is Patrick McCarthy’s restaurant.  Extra Virgin Olive Oli.
350 Third St.
617 661-3866
www.evoorestaurant.com

Abigail’s
291 Third St.
Cambridge, Massachusetts 02142
617 945-9086
A hip gastropub that just opened across from EVOO and next to Abigail’s.  Part of the group of places that might be traced back to East Coast Grill.
abigailsrestaurant.net


Fuji
303 Third St.
Sushi on a street that suddenly has a lot of people on it.

Miracle of Science
The perfect bar for this quirky neighborhood.  Lots of engineers, labtops for tables and photos of Einstein and Dr. Land.  Good ice cream too.
321 Mass. Ave.
617 868-2866.
www.miracleofscience.us/

Middlesex
The guys from Miracle of Science open a lounge-scene.  
315 Mass. Ave.
617 617 868 MSEX
www.middlesexlounge.com

AFRICAN
Bytes
Hidden down an alley parallel to Sidney Street but not really on Sidney.  Great West African food and American lunches.
64 Sidney st.
617 621-3513


Baraka Cafe
Northern African food.  Best lemonade in the world and much more.
80.5 Pearl St.
617 868-3951
www.barakacafe.com

Asmara Ethiopian
Central Square’s first and third African restaurant.
739 Mass. Ave.
617 617) 864-7447
www.asmararestaurantboston.com

Coffee shops
1369
757 Mass. Ave.
617 576-4600
www.1359coffeehouse.com

Dwelltime
364Broadway
http://dwelltimecambridge.com/
No longer Cambridge’s newest very good coffee shop.  Run from Hi Rise to Dwelltime and then on to Voltage.  You will run very fast and be happy.

Voltage
Another new neighbor in once empty Kendall Sq.  Across from EVOO and next to Abigails.
295 Third  St.
617  714-3974
www.voltagecoffee.com

Simon’s
1736 Mass Ave.
Cambridge, Ma.

Simon’s 2
corner of Mass. Ave. and Dana St.
Cambridge 

Now there are two Simon’s.  The first is between Harvard Square and Porter Square, not far from Harvard Law School, Lesley and the Radcliffe Quad.
Simon’s 2 is between Harvard Sqare and Central Square, across the street from Cambridge College, and for old-timers next to where the Orson Welles used to be.  

Starbucks
Venti and Trenta and singular Panini.  Worst version of Italian language in America.  Worse than the Marx Brothers.
655 Mass. Ave
617
www.

Dunkin Donuts
Munchkins!
Mass. Ave.


Toscanini’s
899 Main St.
617 491-5877
www.tosci.com

ASIAN

Mary Chung’s
Dan Dan noodles for weiguoren MIT engineers.
464 Mass. Ave.
617 864-1991
www.marychung.com

Fuji Sushi
300 Third St.
Kendall Sq. 
Cambridge, Ma.



Royal East
Where parents of Chinese MIT students eat.
792 Main St.
617 661-1660
www.royaleast.com

Pu Pu Hot Pot
The real name is No. 1 Scholar’s Special Eating Place
907 Main St.
617 491-6636
www.pupuchinese.com

All Asia
The Cape Cod League of Boston’s music scene.  Every band plays a few gigs here at the start of their careers.
332 Mass. Ave.
617 497-1544
www.allasiabar.com


Pepper Sky
Thai
20 Pearl St.
617 495-2541
wwww.pepperskys.com

Rangzen Tibetan
24 Pearl St.
617 354-8881
www.rangzenfood.com

Theolonious Monkfish
524 Mass. Ave.
617 441-2116
www.facebook.com/theloniousmonkfish

Thailand Cafe
A great Szechuan restaurant hidden inside a Thai restaurant.
302 Mass. Ave.
617 492-2494


INDIAN
Royal Bengal
313 Mass. Ave.
617) 491-1988




MIDDLE EASTERN FOOD

Middle East
472 Mass. Ave.
617
www.mideastclub.com

Zu Zu
474 Mass. Ave.
617  864 -3278 x 237
www.zuzubar.com

Karl’s Rant@Zu Zu
is the daytime version of Zu Zu with outside seating, brunch and lunch

Olive Tree Cafe
245 Mass. Ave.
617 441-8689
www.

BURGER CHAINS AND HEROIC BURGERS
Craigie on Main does not like being famous for its burger.  It is famous for many things but the burger is exceptional and a limited number are served.  Rendezvous also has a special burger.  If you wander out to Watertown there is a fabulous burger at Strip T's, amidst many fabulous things.

B. Good
We are prejudiced but this is our favorite burger chain.  They have lots of stores and a great veggie burger.  Very local.  Very friendly.  They use our ice cream.  

http://www.bgood.com/
Their store in Harvard Square is at 
24 Dunster St.

Four Burgers
704 Mass. Ave.
617 441-5444
www.fourburgers.com

McDonald’s 
463 Mass. ave.
Breakfast and McNuggets, too.


PIZZA
Every band eats here, and their fans. Then the fans start their own band.
Hi Fi Pizza & Giant Sub
496 Mass. Ave.
617 492-4600

Cinderella’s
They deliver everywhere, have a big menu, stay open late and sell Toscanini’s.  They’ll deliver Toscanini’s ice cream too.
901 Main St.
617 576-0280
www.cinderellasitalianfood.com

Chicago Pizza
239 Mass. Ave.
617 497 - 5555
www.cambridgepizza.com

GREATER CENTRAL SQUARE

INMAN SQUARE IS WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE, HAS HIDDEN PARKING AND FURTIVE MBTA SERVICE

East Coast Grill
A long-time purveyor of great foods, tons of  casual fun, “aggressively friendly service!”  
1271 Cambridge St.
Cambridge Mass.
617 491-6568
http://eastcoastgrill.net/

East by Northeast
Modern hip Chinese food, locavore
some people think the portions are small and the prices are high.  I don’t care.
1128 Cambridge st.
617 876-0286
http://exnecambridge.com/#&slider1=1

All Star Pizza
Across the street from All Star Sandwiches.  I say this epitomizes straightahead good pizza.
Corner of Prospect St. and Cambridge St.
1238 Cambridge St.
Cambridge, Mass.
617 547-0836
http://www.allstarpizzabar.com/directions.php

Clover Hub
Veggie and vegan food that everyone loves.  And they have Grillo’s Pickels as a neighbor.
1275 Cambridge St.
Cambridge Mass.

http://www.cloverfoodlab.com/?page_id=2248


Tupelo
Elvis was born in Tupelo, MIss.  Its a song by Van Morrison and the name of the chef’s daughter.  A tupelo tree has beautiful flowers and produces great honey.

1193 Cambridge Street
Cambridge, Ma.
617 868-0004
http://tupelo02139.com/

UNION SQ., SOMERVILLE

Over a rise and across some railroad tracks.  Some day the Green Line will arrive and this neighborhood will become special

Meantime there are several very good places to east.

Casa B.
A worthwhile neighbor for Journeyman, small Colombian and Puerto Rican tapas-style plates in a very designed restaurant
253 Washington St. (which is hard to find but well worth the inconvenience)
617-764-2180


Journeyman
Very avante garde food in a room that looks like something you’d find in Central Berlin or East London.
9 Sanborn Court
617-764-2180
http://www.journeymanrestaurant.com/

Back Bar is their amazing hole in the wall artisanal cocktail bar.  A new favorite.

WATERTOWN 

Watertown is down the Charles River from Cambridge.  You can reach it by driving down the parkways on either side of the river or taking a bus down Mt. Auburn St.  It is loaded with Armenian groceries and food stores, several Persian places and

Strip T’s
The restaurant find of the year.  Great food in an out of the way location.
Delicious lunch and dinner.

93 School Street
Watertown Mass.
www., Excitement is beginning to build here in Central Square over this year's Harvard Yale Game., Tom Ashbrook begins with the idea that Karl Rove spent billions.  According to the NYT Obama outspent GOP by $100M  http://t.co/KpnzV5Py, Anthony Bourdain loves Mass Azorean food and wants to drink at Craigie on Main.  http://t.co/3jQw4svF, The What I'm Drinking Now paragraph by Mario Batalli iin the NYT Magazine is so wonderful.  Tomorrow he mentions his friend, Eric.  Imagine., Threw away 13,000 unread emails.  Feel unburdened and an equal measure of disquiet.  What have I done?, Having a difficult Saturday.  A friend advises me to fight chaos with string theory., Roxbury Puddingstone http://t.co/vpPabInk  Our chocolate version has nuts, little marshmallows in fluff, chocolate chip cookie dough, George Bush outpolled Romney among Mormons.  http://t.co/QKQxo7Cz, We use a lot of eggs., Tattooed love goddess before leaving for The North Country., Fearless leader again., The high unemployment Rate and its social costs  http://t.co/tVbzRu6w, Stories like this will make it very hard for the BBC guy to take over the NYT, and might even embarrass PBS  http://t.co/caPCGtsB, Obama didn't reach $1B but he did outspend Romney by $100M.  http://t.co/KpnzV5Py, Innovative policing  http://t.co/eeVcz5Jx  Operations Hoodie Cup.  "Drop the hoodsie.  Move away from the Hoodsie.", A nation-wide search unearthed this talent., This isn't a great science fiction movie but pretty good. Not least because of Robert Preston correctly cast as an ET.  http://t.co/oxXELphP, Doctor Without Borders has established an outpost in The Rockaways!, Before Coffee Life in Japan,  Corky White wrote Cooking for Crowds with frizzy illustrations by Ed Koren.  Princeton U. Press to reissue., Celebrity customer from Albania., Pears with vanilla bean, Let's Talk Coffee  http://t.co/yua3KGnZ  Big 4-day event in Colombia., UT football coach Darrell Royal died and so did Carmen Basilio  http://t.co/mijxe6RF, I'll be at Woburn Whole Foods for local vendor night.  We, from 5P, Made a good Honey Anise and gave away a good sample of new Ovaltine.  We've got to get decoding rings., WMBR just ordered for fundraiser:  Cookie Do, Wh Cof, Map Wal, Burnt!, Gianduia, B3, Roxbury Puddingstone., Roxbury Puddingstone is a better version of Rocky Road with ch chip cookie dough, marshmallows in fluff, nuts and chocolate ice cream., We'll be giving away samples of French Vanilla, Belgian Ch, Burnt! and Cake Batter at Woburn Whole Foods.  Tonight!  Starting at 5PM, Sail Away Ladies at Passim.  Wed No 7.  8P  http://t.co/9I32Oits, I voted in the Parking Ticket Building but no time to visit Dwelltime for a free esp.  Ken Shulman did.  I came back  Had a Barismo shot., The best song about a girl named Ariel for the cellist and composer from NEC  http://t.co/WYUSdkBn, Was there really no formal Hurricane Warning?  http://t.co/mRVC6fXz, null, Monday was Whole Foods in Jamaica Plain.  Today we're packing freebies for Whole Foods Woburn.  Belgian Ch, Burnt Caramel, Cake Batter, I worked for years in Sea Bright NJ and it was amazing to see it devastated, but this was the lastest & worst pasting.  Make it a sand dune., ImprovBoston has its Election Show 2012.  40 Prospect St.  Central Sq.  A relief., Cindy Sheehan is the antiwar activist.  Cindy Sherman is the photographer., Today, Tuesday, 6PM Corky White author of Coffee Life in Japan, with Barismo-Dwelltime barista and Barismo Espresso ice cream @ BU Bookstore, Haven't yet voted but didn't get towed, got cap and read papers at Dwelltime, made pretty good Minty Pea ice cream (really).  On to Chelsea, Mimi will be getting an English-language ballot when she votes later in Chelsea., Neither of these are related to Pea Mint experiment, Tried to vote at Parking Ticket Building but the line was crazy long.  Get to go back to vote and snag another coffee at Dwelltime., Maybe in Cmabridge they should suspend street cleaning on election days, Good time in JP at Whole Foods Local Night with Phil from Fazenda and the nice people from Taza chocolate.  And the nice people of JP., Judy Motzkin sent this clever video about moleskine planners.  http://t.co/tiHzdwLU, 2nd in a series. David La Chapelle is a photographer.  Dave Chapelle is a comedian., Larry Lesser is the former head of the NEConservatory.  Larry Lessig is a law and internet guy at Harvard.  First in a series., First Monday at NEConservatory 8PM  FREE  http://t.co/kU9f2KZE  Excellent., Beer and pizza tonight at Area Four  and football too.  http://t.co/Qkj6deHA, Going to Whole Foods to do a local demo makes me feel like a Country and Western star.  Maybe I'll ride to JP on the Riverway on my palomino, There are about $188 worth of components in an iPad mini., We will be at Whole Foods in JP at 5PM for Local Vendors fun.  Be kind to me., Not everything works, per Mr. Hagopian's suggestion we made Pomegranate Molasses Peanut Butter.  Ooops., Raspberries can look provacative., I got back issues of Lucky Peach to replace ones I lent & new Chinatown issue.  A dense collection of articles & recipes. Plus Laurent Gras., Some people complain about $4 gasoline but I'm annoyed about the Frito Lay price increase to $1.25., There is farmers' market in Central Sq today.  The kind of market they have in Saskatoon., Where we get the dry ice we need.  Marc from Acme Ice on Kirkland in Cambridge., Most people in Ohio will disagree with this.  http://t.co/asLVCha6, Stephen Meuse of Central Bottle explains wine dinners  http://t.co/o9lTWyn0, This person escaped Central Sq.  And may be performing operas in Finnish, possibly even in Michigan., We also have a Honey Anise ice cream in the rooftop lab waiting for a passing lightning bolt.  I hate heights., BU anthro Kunisuke will also get Kinako., We are saving Kinako ice cream for Ben Wurgaft, the Kitty Kelley of Hannah Arendt and German Jewish intellectuals., Mo night Gus will be at Whole Foods in Jamaica Plain giving away samples and visiting.  On We he heads to Woburn for another Local Night., Also made more Kinako ice cream, almost to order for mother and daughter couple.  Can't run an ice cream store with this small machine but.., Working on Vietnamese Hot Chocolate., Maybe I'm too casual in some parts of Boston.  Guy walked past me who I noticed had rocks in each hand, and a manner both nervous and angry., Fratello Joe of Rancatore's suggests a Pepsi Max commercial with good basketball stunts AND Bill Russell cackling.  http://t.co/mgzMYWdj, Stephanie Edelman hipchecks Lena Dunham.  http://t.co/YgaY6PC2, Boston Magazine lists 15 great restaurants in or near Central Square.  http://t.co/gW7suap4, The new November issue of  Boston Magazine has a cover story about Boston’s 50 Best Restaurants.  At least 15 of these are in or near Central Square.  Salts and Craigie on Main and Catalyst are our neighbors on Main Street.

1.  Area Four
2.  Catalyst
3.  Journeyman
4.  Bergamot
5.  Craigie on  Main
6.  East By Northeast
7.  Russell House Tavern
8.  Harvest
9.  Helmand
10.  Hungry Mother
11.  Oleana
12.  Salts
13.  Rialto
14.  Bondir
15.  T.W. Food

A sidebar entitled “Flying Solo” highlights four new restaurants including
Tim Weichman who is opening Bronwyn in Union Sq., Somerville
Will Gilson who is opening Puritan & Co. in Inman Square and 
Michael Pagliarini who is opening Giulia between Harvard and Porter Squares, Is this concert in New Haven or Cambridge?  http://t.co/tDfs3Cvv, Now we're hoping for any of the guys in Bullet La Volta and the Voilcano Suns., PintsPlus2.0 is coming and we're wokring on two new flavors for November, with attention to that holiday., Contiued to work on the Kinako ice cream. Getting closer to making the jump to bigger batch.  10% don't like but a lot of people love it., On way into Belmont Wheelworks I met Dave Rogers who is running for state rep. I complained about sorry condition of Belmont/Trapelo Road, Very nice people at Belmont Wheelworks.  Not like the manager who refused to give me a glass of water after I bought a helmet., On Saturday night it was still Halloween on Shawmut St.  Its always Halloween in the South End., Fearless Leader #2, null, Warren supporters are wearing oversized buttons as though they were Shriners or members of a cargo cult.  One family wore five pounds worth., The greatest-ever photo of a Harvard Law School faculty member  http://t.co/aBAOJF5X, Steve's Ice Cream legend Big Mike came in with two parts of his own basketball team.  Always exciting., The artist formerly known as Juliana Hatfield came in, creating something that might be called cold frisson.  But maybe should not., Fearless leader., null, null, A very rare criticism of Mayor Bloomberg's efforts to deal with floods prior to Hurricane Sandy.  http://t.co/7UOFxqTX, Sponges and the sponge-like ideas at MOMA from VCU.  http://t.co/8Tlda2W7, Today the sun disappears at 535P but tomorrow its gone by 435P.  End of Daylight Saving Time.  Always a sad day., Roxbury Puddingstone is a better version of Rocky Road named after the local conglomerate. Marshmallows, fluff, cookie dough.  Yea!, Briefly we have two new flavors that were from Oct. PintsPlus: Roxbury Puddingstone and Salty Lemon.  We also have Hot Spiced Butterscotch., Today's Loud Breakfast discussion surprised by comparing Obama to Herbert Hoover, but The New Republic is already there http://t.co/hAfYHJuC, David Hajdu is the Robert Christgau of our time.  http://t.co/NjLtJOix, Wear your Lederhosen to Karl's http://t.co/rGocmguW, I like reading the WSJ but the new Mansion section and most of the WSJ Magazine are off-putting in the extreme., Next week Gus will be doing demos at Whole Foods in Jamaica Plain on Monday and at Whole Foods in Woburn on Wednesday.  And my own sampling., Everyone has moved to Brooklyn including Josh White.  Not that one.  But the cellist from San Antonio who worked here.  He's programming., InstantEncore has a dowload of the NEC Chamber Orchestra concert from No 1.  Just fabulous.  http://t.co/YWiyQHr7, Rebuilding a neglected home espresso machine   http://t.co/OafLEwZW
should be http://t.co/N4k3STWK, Au Bon Pain Ham & Cheese croissants were never perfect but since they started wrapping them for grab & go they're less so., It might have been a threat when I heard someone say, "I want to cuddle you to death."  A wintry threat., Made some Leibovitz Kinako.  Now I have to begin to blow up the recipe for retail.  What will Japanese grocers think of my huge purchases?, When talking about Peter someone said they liked the clothes he designs but they were too furry., The Cambridge Historic Commission had a meeting about preserving Peter Valentine's fence on Brookline St.  Our own Watts Towers., The return of Skip.  I was startled to see a former street hero, now grey & wearing a trench coat step into  middle of Mass Ave & pose., Su No 4 is the 20% off Frequent Buyer Sale at Harvard Bookstore., Mr. Hagopian suggests Pomegranate Molasses and Tahini or Peanut Butter.  No Nutella, thank you., We're back in the Spicy Butterscotch business!.  I wonder if I could make a sandwich with this stuff., Made anoher version of Leibovitz French Vanilla and Kinako.  Great fun.  Yesterday's Coffee was very good.  Fr Va was too sweet & too eggy., Bicycled past the Nabisco Lab at MIT  for Plasma Science and Fusion Center.  What cookies will emerge from this special facility?, Former ice cream chief Kevin Rafferty visited with some of the gang from Myers & Chang.  He's much better than Larry David., Happy Hour Returns!  For photo copies at Service Point.  Mo>Th 3>5P  1000 Mass. Avenue., Corky White wrote Coffee Life In Japan.  Here's more http://t.co/QEDOEa9y  including the wonderful Be a Good Neighbor., I'm poring over Leibovitz' Perfect Scoop.  He does things that may be better.   Making a new coffee using .25 teaspoon instead of .25 cup., Anyone who bought Lucasfilm would be an improvement on George Lucas.  He may still have an iPhone on him.  Let's get that away from him., We created Salty Lemon for the first month of PintsPlus.  Today we have it for sale in the store., In the continental US the furthest you can live from Starbucks is 170 miles.  http://t.co/t4vPKLep, Here is the same group playing the Serenade in October of 2011 http://t.co/yJBws3Xu, Wednesday's NEC Chamber Orchestra concert was excellent.  Tchaikovsky's Serenade in C Major was memorable.  In beautiful Jordan Hall.  Free., Everyone was happy that George Lucas may be disconnected from future Star Wars movies.  Had he sold to Hanna Barbera people would be happy., The science of Halloween candy harvesting https://t.co/szH7CJEW, NEC Chamber Orchestra plays without conductor tonight.  http://t.co/DaFxX05M  Handel and more 8P FREE., Leonard Stephen haircutter David Winner was Lance Armstrong, complete with a Live Wrong bracelet.  But Lance is still a better cyclist., Mayor Bloomberg seems to be a teflon mayor.  Did anyone besides Goldman Sachs  make any preparations?, Devra First's review of Zakitori Zai is spot on.  Everyone else was in Porter Square for Ramen.  We went to the South end for chicken., Tommy delivered French Vanilla  to Tory Row, and pints to Whole Foods, Formaggio and other places with good freezers., Working on a different coffee ice cream based on a David Lebovitz recipe using Barismo espresso., Andrea Foertsch makes a movie!  http://t.co/kM8OPMgs  Coming to the MFA, Rialto has moved past the un-Italian Hurricane Sandy and reopened for the last days of its Tuscan menu., We're running out of Daylight Savings Times.  Get ready for life in what a Maine potter calls The Coccoon., If Democratic women candidates talked as directly as Jackie Macmullan of The Globe they'd all get elected., Tonight at 7P the Brattle shows Haunted House of Pancakes.  http://t.co/VEgiQEsf  A foodie event with a title I wish I had thought up., Let's form a Maria Felix of Mexico fan club.  Saw Jean Renoir's Ccan Can last night., Mitchell is working Guantanamo Bay Watch.  We discussed Jean Renoir's Can Can.  What a day., Vaughn survived his evening inspection of the storm-tossed Charles.  Our own French Lieutenant's Woman., Working on Pink Grapefruit Sorbet for a romantic customer., Made a stornger Coffee Cinnamon from Al Forno's cookbook.  Gotta keep working on this.  It is still too subtle., Made a very good, different French vanilla from David Lebovit's ice cream book.  Mimi thought the custard was offer.This will make me better, We finally have a supply of gift cards.  $5, $10, $20.  Perfect for bribing teaching fellows., No flooding.  The windows didn't shatter.  MIT, BU and Harvard are reopened.  The Post Office, Fedex and UPS all worked yesterday.Thank you., Uh oh to travel plans.  Heading for Ici, Bi Rite, Humpty Slocom, Ritual, Blue Bottle, Tartine, Zuni and the mists.  But not today., Bondir is open tonight and lighting the fireplace for the first time this year.  617 661-0009, Service Point made a gorgeous big poster for Once De Los Muertos II http://t.co/gJSgmmbL  A Mass-Mex mariachi fiesta., We really are closed -all day.  Its a hurricane.  Sort of.  Open tomorrow at 8AM., UPS and Fedex are delivering!  We got tea from MEM and plastic gift cards.  Our dairy is also here., We're closed but Hi Rise on Mass Ave was open.  Banks are closed.  Formaggio on Huron will close early.  Cambridge Trust closed at noon., We're closed but puttering around doing ice cream experiments.  Had a cake for a customer's special birthday.  Made another Cardamom-Cinn., Went to Christina's Spices for licorice ice cream ingredients but someone we think was Christina Liu had laready been there., Who'd guess that the Hat Show at the Peabody Essex museum would be so fabulous.  Or that Scratch Kitchen would be wonderful for food?, CEO's in the dairy industry clean up http://t.co/d1woUAzH  As expected., Marc Abraham of the IgNobels never rests.  http://t.co/bdt9ktZg  History of the Whoopie Pie, Former scooper and anti-eviction firebrand Philip Koebel visited from Pasadena., Dull weather.  Happy scene in front of us as hundreds of costumed runners do the Monster Mash.  My favorite was a bicyclist with fairy wings, Its Friday and its wonderful:  Cof ICS, B3, Ban Foster, Khulfee, Rum Raisin, Sour Cherry Sorbet, Ch Grand Marnier, Cookie Do.  Hiccup., An endorsement of Tim Toomey for the legislature.  http://t.co/Bvvpd2Vq, The Crimson reports Ben & Jerry are giving away free scoops of Jimmy Fallon ice cream in front of Dunster House.  Jimmy Fallon is so cool., Russian sacered music  8P FREE http://t.co/KefgaSif, http://t.co/U5dMZxDy points out these beautiful interior shots of old movie houses http://t.co/NOE6v1i6, Vaughn Tan"  How many Beowulf poems does it take to change a light bulb? Between
700 and 1000, depending on who you ask., Tomorrow -Fri- at MIT Museum at noon.  Kripa Varanasi  speaks about slippery things including desalinization and ketchup bottles., Every six months some civil servant surprises everyone by leaving with $$$ of accumulated six leave.  How about a list of who will leave?, John Hawkinson of The Tech on MIT's view of Kendall Sq. plans.  http://t.co/VZ5iNEpW, The Harvard Square economy picks up, sort of:  2 new cookie delivery services, and Peet's is hiring.  On the other hand Zygna has left., Roast Magazine's Daily Coffee News says nice things about Coffee LIfe in Japan, which will say nice things about Roast. http://t.co/L7unLnHB, Far from Central Square and upside down.  Aaron & Athena., Uh oh.  A cute French film about the elderly with Jane Fonda & Geraldine Chaplin  http://t.co/JVq1ngdu  We @MFA.  No popcorn theater., New today.  Sam's Butterscotch Pecan and Sandra's Brown Butter Pumpkin Sage.  We're getting seasonal., Indiana Jones fails to get tenure  http://t.co/BUf1SFOC, Been working my way through the small recipes from Al Forno's Cucina Simpatica.  Today we're doing 2 variations on their Strawberry., This election season no one read Pew Survey showing people described as Hispanic or Latino dislike both terms.  http://t.co/OEKS6nKc, Some chefs visit the Greenmarket, NYT photographer in tow.  Mimi found tiny limes in Chelsea at Restaurant Depot., The B Good crew drove Harvey the truck to Toscanini's before heading for Mass. Ave. & Boylston., Creative class types do better in recession than high school graduates.  http://t.co/7ZOfFTbc  Althought I suspect young creatives don't., The MIT Museum will begin a series of news briefings from scholars on their work, starting this Fr at noon.  Know more than your neighbors., It is strange and not common but some times the light in Central Square makes me feel like I'm in a very different Maxfield Parrish painting, Corby on the End of Locke Ober.  http://t.co/wbxddXN2  Q:  "There were many things about the place that were not progressive.", Kendall Sq is having an archery festival.  http://t.co/fmU7vJJE  Central Sq. should have a blindfolded zen archery festival!, Leon, They don't grow things in Central Sq. but the Central Sq. Farmers' Market sells 'em.  Today.  Monday., News about Mass Ave. in Cambridge  http://t.co/gmPfQWy1, Had a wonderful Greek yogurt ice cream at Lumiere in Newton, part of a special Apple tart dessert., While leaving BU Culinary I met Isahn from Formaggio.  Resisted nibbling.  Did find out that Heather Paxson will bring her class to store, LA Weekly is part Boston Phoenix and part New York Review of Books  http://t.co/lD7TrU2t  They love Coffee Life in Japan by Corky White., I visited the bonsai @ Arboretum where I met Lewis Lafayette Jr. of Basset Ice Cream of Philadelphia.  Great place in the Reading Terminal., Came back from bicycling and bicycle lessons in Arboretum & found Sunday donuts from Craigie on Main.  Life is good in Central Sq., RT @merrycorkywhite: Breakfast: Fiore di Nonno's stracciatelli; dulce de leche & home made applesauce -piled on lavash. Barismo Yellow., The average Canadian household is now $40K richer than the average American household.  http://t.co/RUXHNSk1, Today is the last MIT Flea Market of the fall.  Want hard to get spare parts for your Trash 90?, Missed MIT helicopter whiz Mike Daley but with his daughter at BU we should see more of each other., We're working on a recipe from the Al Forno cookbook:  cinnamon-coffee.  Made it at BU Culinary and hoping to scale it up., Hockey News 2:  Our sports correspondent was in Allston when he had to stop for a sale on new high tech composite hockey sticks.  O Canada., Hockey News 1:  Where are new episodes of The Bear and the Gang?, A State Cop old me about Head of the Charles antics including people who bury kegs along the river so they can drink during the day., PintsPlus is our program for  flavors which are -for a montth- only available to subscribers. Oct is Roxbury Puddingstone and Salty Lemon., The Head of the Charles reminds me that when we opened we had so many BU Women Rowers we could have had our own eight.  I hope to see them., We have Lemon Espresso for visiting NYC film critics!  Thank goodness., Sunday is the last MIT flea market before winter.  http://t.co/UkctcEt5  After this you'll have to improvise your new transporter., Cambridge Redevelopment Authority resigns after awarding himself $400K in sick pay.  http://t.co/gYhTDXvE  plus other goodies., Spent Thursday at 808 Commonwealth, home of BU's Culinary Program.  Making ice cream with the future of food., The Foot of the Charles is on Sa No 10.  So if you oversleep this weekend there is still one more opportunity for ..., A trailer for a book!  http://t.co/SmxQk24L  Looks like a good book.  Polaroid was the basis for our daytime business when we opened., Bert Segear in one hour at Regattabar.  http://t.co/hwmoUOeT  Great music., Went to see Argo in Somerville and the guy at the theater joked about seeing my photo at B.  Good.  He liked the shake & he liked burger., Making Banana Sorbet with Sandra and Sam.   Best use of bananas., according to the Crimson,  B Good is giving away shakes in front of Cardullo's in Harvard Sq.  We make the ice cream., Robert Lipsyte defends Lance Armstrong  http://t.co/c5stqow6, Gary's correct that I should blog about this.  Just followed the advice of Rick Katz from PICOO and used half & half to make Sweet Cream, Review of Camille Paglia's new book.  She's at the Brattle tonight., Elite SF roaster Blue Bottle is sold for $20M  http://t.co/BAIsqE6g, Camille Paglia is a favorite.  She will talk + talk until she senses the audience disagress and then pick up the pace.  http://t.co/X50gLAxb, Ernesto came in, looking very East LA and willing to beta-test for tomorrow's BU Culinary demo., Where to eat and drink during the Head of the Charles  http://t.co/gW7suap4, Where to eat and drink during the head of the Charles

Most of the good things in Cambridge are not to be found in expensive not so interesting Harvard Square.  Harvard Square has lots of ATM’s and a burrito joint on every corner.  if Banco de Mexico opened a branch that sold burritos they would fit in perfectly. 

If you insist on staying in Harvard Square then drop  to the bottom of this article.

PARENTS ARE PAYING

Salt
Gabriel Kremer, Food & Wine Best Young Chef
905 Main St.
617 876-8444
www.saltsrestaurant.com

Craigie on Main
Tony Maws, Food & Wine Best Young Chef and James Beard Award winner
Snout to tail, famous for its hamburger and much more.
853 Main St.
617 497-5511
www.craigieonmain.com

Rendezvous
Lifetime Achievement Award to Chef Steve Johnson
502 Mass. Ave.
617 576 1900
www.rendezvouscentralsquare.com

Bondir
Jason Bond’s very individual take on farm to fork locavore
279 Broadway
Ste A
Cambridge, MA 02139
617 661-0009
www.bondircambridge.com

Area 4
Michael Leviton takes the turnpike in from Newton’s Lumiere
Very good pizza plus
500 Technology Square
On Main St but the address is disguised with a real estate address that doesn’t tell you much at all.
www.areafour.com/

Catalyst
Bill Kovel from Aujourd’hui in Boston
300 Technology Square
Where your venture capitalist takes to give you good news or very bad news.
Close to Area Four but both addresses might as well be in different languages.  See previous complaint about made-up real estate addresses.  Worse than Tokyo.


Moksa
Asian fusion and mashup with a club. 
450 Mass. Ave.


Central Kitchen
Gary Strack’s hip bistro  upstairs is Bricks and Mortar, his hip cocktail joint.
567 Mass. Ave.
617 268-0106
www.enormous.tv/central

Firebrand Saints
Gary’s new restaurant in once-lonely Kendall Sqaure
1 Broadway
617) 401-3399

Meadhall
4 Cambridge Center
617  714-4372
www.themeadhall.com
Beer drinking engineers.  Yes!

Central Bottle
handsome wine store, great cheeses and meats and wonderful small bites inspired by Venetian cichetti.  When Flour is overwhelmed dodge in here.  You will be happy and feel a little smug about getting such good food without waiting.
196 Mass. Ave.
617 225-0040
www.centralbottle.com

Flour
The third bakery from Joanne Chang.  Sandwiches, home-made pop tarts and more.
190 Mass. Ave.
617 225-2525
http://flourbakery.com/

EVOO/ ‘Za
‘Za is the pizza and salad cafe.  EVOO is Patrick McCarthy’s restaurant.  Extra Virgin Olive Oli.
350 Third St.
617 661-3866
www.evoorestaurant.com

Abigail’s
291 Third St.
Cambridge, Massachusetts 02142
617 945-9086
A hip gastropub that just opened across from EVOO and next to Abigail’s.  Part of the group of places that might be traced back to East Coast Grill.
abigailsrestaurant.net


Fuji
303 Third St.
Sushi on a street that suddenly has a lot of people on it.

Miracle of Science
The perfect bar for this quirky neighborhood.  Lots of engineers, labtops for tables and photos of Einstein and Dr. Land.  Good ice cream too.
321 Mass. Ave.
617 868-2866.
www.miracleofscience.us/

Middlesex
The guys from Miracle of Science open a lounge-scene. 
315 Mass. Ave.
617 617 868 MSEX
www.middlesexlounge.com

AFRICAN
Bytes
Hidden down an alley parallel to Sidney Street but not really on Sidney.  Great West African food and American lunches.
64 Sidney st.
617 621-3513


Baraka Cafe
Northern African food.  Best lemonade in the world and much more.
80.5 Pearl St.
617 868-3951
www.barakacafe.com

Asmara Ethiopian
Central Square’s first and third African restaurant.
739 Mass. Ave.
617 617) 864-7447
www.asmararestaurantboston.com

Coffee shops
1369
757 Mass. Ave.
617 576-4600
www.1359coffeehouse.com

Dwelltime
364Broadway
http://dwelltimecambridge.com/
No longer Cambridge’s newest very good coffee shop.  Run from Hi Rise to Dwelltime and then on to Voltage.  You will run very fast and be happy.

Voltage
Another new neighbor in once empty Kendall Sq.  Across from EVOO and next to Abigails.
295 Third  St.
617  714-3974
www.voltagecoffee.com

Simon’s
1736 Mass Ave.
Cambridge, Ma.

Simon’s 2
corner of Mass. Ave. and Dana St.
Cambridge

Now there are two Simon’s.  The first is between Harvard Square and Porter Square, not far from Harvard Law School, Lesley and the Radcliffe Quad.
Simon’s 2 is between Harvard Sqare and Central Square, across the street from Cambridge College, and for old-timers next to where the Orson Welles used to be. 

Starbucks
Venti and Trenta and singular Panini.  Worst version of Italian language in America.  Worse than the Marx Brothers.
655 Mass. Ave
617
www.

Dunkin Donuts
Munchkins!
Mass. Ave.


Toscanini’s
899 Main St.
617 491-5877
www.tosci.com

ASIAN

Mary Chung’s
Dan Dan noodles for weiguoren MIT engineers.
464 Mass. Ave.
617 864-1991
www.marychung.com

Fuji Sushi
300 Third St.
Kendall Sq.
Cambridge, Ma.



Royal East
Where parents of Chinese MIT students eat.
792 Main St.
617 661-1660
www.royaleast.com

Pu Pu Hot Pot
The real name is No. 1 Scholar’s Special Eating Place
907 Main St.
617 491-6636
www.pupuchinese.com

All Asia
The Cape Cod League of Boston’s music scene.  Every band plays a few gigs here at the start of their careers.
332 Mass. Ave.
617 497-1544
www.allasiabar.com


Pepper Sky
Thai
20 Pearl St.
617 495-2541
wwww.pepperskys.com

Rangzen Tibetan
24 Pearl St.
617 354-8881
www.rangzenfood.com

Theolonious Monkfish
524 Mass. Ave.
617 441-2116
www.facebook.com/theloniousmonkfish

Thailand Cafe
A great Szechuan restaurant hidden inside a Thai restaurant.
302 Mass. Ave.
617 492-2494


INDIAN
Royal Bengal
313 Mass. Ave.
617) 491-1988




MIDDLE EASTERN FOOD

Middle East
472 Mass. Ave.
617
www.mideastclub.com

Zu Zu
474 Mass. Ave.
617  864 -3278 x 237
www.zuzubar.com

Karl’s Rant@Zu Zu
is the daytime version of Zu Zu with outside seating, brunch and lunch

Olive Tree Cafe
245 Mass. Ave.
617 441-8689
www.

BURGER CHAINS AND HEROIC BURGERS
Craigie on Main does not like being famous for its burger.  It is famous for many things but the burger is exceptional and a limited number are served.  Rendezvous also has a special burger.  If you wander out to Watertown there is a fabulous burger at Strip T's, amidst many fabulous things.

B. Good
We are prejudiced but this is our favorite burger chain.  They have lots of stores and a great veggie burger.  Very local.  Very friendly.  They use our ice cream. 

http://www.bgood.com/
Their store in Harvard Square is at
24 Dunster St.

Four Burgers
704 Mass. Ave.
617 441-5444
www.fourburgers.com

McDonald’s
463 Mass. ave.
Breakfast and McNuggets, too.


PIZZA
Every band eats here, and their fans. Then the fans start their own band.
Hi Fi Pizza & Giant Sub
496 Mass. Ave.
617 492-4600

Cinderella’s
They deliver everywhere, have a big menu, stay open late and sell Toscanini’s.  They’ll deliver Toscanini’s ice cream too.
901 Main St.
617 576-0280
www.cinderellasitalianfood.com

Chicago Pizza
239 Mass. Ave.
617 497 - 5555
www.cambridgepizza.com

GREATER CENTRAL SQUARE

INMAN SQUARE IS WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE, HAS HIDDEN PARKING AND FURTIVE MBTA SERVICE

East Coast Grill
A long-time purveyor of great foods, tons of  casual fun, “aggressively friendly service!” 
1271 Cambridge St.
Cambridge Mass.
617 491-6568
http://eastcoastgrill.net/

East by Northeast
Modern hip Chinese food, locavore
some people think the portions are small and the prices are high.  I don’t care.
1128 Cambridge st.
617 876-0286
http://exnecambridge.com/#&slider1=1

All Star Pizza
Across the street from All Star Sandwiches.  I say this epitomizes straightahead good pizza.
Corner of Prospect St. and Cambridge St.
1238 Cambridge St.
Cambridge, Mass.
617 547-0836
http://www.allstarpizzabar.com/directions.php

Clover Hub
Veggie and vegan food that everyone loves.  And they have Grillo’s Pickels as a neighbor.
1275 Cambridge St.
Cambridge Mass.

http://www.cloverfoodlab.com/?page_id=2248


Tupelo
Elvis was born in Tupelo, MIss.  Its a song by Van Morrison and the middle name of the chef’s daughter.  A tupelo tree has beautiful flowers and produces great honey.  We make a Tupelo Honey ice cream for these guys.

1193 Cambridge Street
Cambridge, Ma.
617 868-0004
http://tupelo02139.com/

UNION SQ., SOMERVILLE

Over a rise and across some railroad tracks.  Some day the Green Line will arrive and this neighborhood will become special

Meantime there are several very good places to east.

Casa B.
A worthwhile neighbor for Journeyman, small Colombian and Puerto Rican tapas-style plates in a very designed restaurant
253 Washington St. (which is hard to find but well worth the inconvenience)
617-764-2180


Journeyman
Very avante garde food in a room that looks like something you’d find in Central Berlin or East London.
9 Sanborn Court
617-764-2180
http://www.journeymanrestaurant.com/

Back Bar is their amazing hole in the wall clever cocktail bar.  A new favorite.

WATERTOWN

Watertown is down the Charles River from Cambridge.  You can reach it by driving down the parkways on either side of the river or taking a bus down Mt. Auburn St.  It is loaded with Armenian groceries and food stores, several Persian places and

Strip T’s
The restaurant find of the year.  Great food in an out of the way location.
Delicious lunch and dinner.

93 School Street
Watertown Mass.
www., Oops.  Barbara Cook sings one of her signature songs, "Ice Cream" from She Loves Me.  http://t.co/IrrUCUGL, Barbara Cook sings one of her signature songs, "Ice Cream" from She Loves Me., Durjoy points out Haagen-Dazs reinvents the ice cream bar  http://t.co/Lyz2z6Xt, Head of the Charles is this weekend with great pre-event loading-in on Friday., Debate tonight.  Bert Seger tomorrow night at Regattabar.  Great piano celebrating 40th anniversary of improv @NECon.  http://t.co/hwmoUOeT, I love Oleana and here is a 30 minute episode of GBH's Neighborhod Kitchens  http://t.co/6rL8u611, We won't be able to keep up production but I am getting better at making quarts of ice cream as I prepare for a BU Culinary class., Mark Helprin is the novelist.  Mark Halperin is the Time pundit., Mayor Bloomberg is not going to allow this for much longer.  NYC Donut map.  http://t.co/ztz9dnKg  Doesn't include Little Silver NJ Cake Box, I'm on Day 2 of my Learn to Use Home-made Ice Cream Makers program.  I like the big ones much better., We were hoping for the Dalai Lama but we got Ryan Lynch.  Hooray., This is the inevitable reaction to a lot of whining  http://t.co/CbwBi4bp  inevitably from The New Republic., Been reading Chris Clarke's Science of Ice Cream where I learned that before becoming an MP Margaret Thatcher was an ice cream scientist!, Went to Dorchester for foodie Vietnamese lunch and then got stuck in Boston's extraoridary school bus traffic., I suspect everyone has seen this by now.  http://t.co/ASPpW6L8, This is the best title for a book http://t.co/dRHELugJ  The Communist Cookbook, We're waiting to see if any special visitors arrive.  Jen Zink did show up before returning to the Land of Sky Blue Waters., PintsPlus is up and out.  2 new flavors that are only available to members., Tomorrow at 10AM PintsPlus members can pick up 2 pints each of two new flavors.  We hope everyone likes them., Decllining life expectancies for some in the US  http://t.co/Uy6ei3uH, Asked if he graduated from BU Psy said "Not at all.   A Freshman for four years.  Glas was too early for me., RT @chopchopmag: @CuisineEnLocale @juliashanks @inthebigmuddy @jlewin @tosci @tomashbrooknpr  @local1st @somervillebeat  thanks!, I still like physical printed things.  Here's something related to the old Media Lab Fishwrap program.  http://t.co/yjK0fBMX Thanq V., Having a literary night with author Helen Epstein and publisher Patrick Mehr, BU has TWO coffee mavens.  Coffee 101 may become a concentration.  http://t.co/eO2ZKErn, Consultants Velocity and SCM Door2Door had a good Boston Foundation online fundraiser, bringing in $12K to keep everyone mobile., Vote Canadian.  It works.  http://t.co/7sTeNcMJ, We're pushing the Bleu Cheese R&D back a month.  Full steam with Puddingstone., Isn't La Zinc in the zip code?, A wise man wonders if Journeyman's Back Bar is what Diesel wants to be when it grows up., The Giving Common Challenge is closing in on its $1M goal.  I just made a second smaller donation to SCM Door2Door.  They need numbers!, This article doesn't mention that Special K used to be thought of as a cat tranquilizer, and was used by dopes. http://t.co/P2FiiI42, Saw a curious 13.1 sticker on a car in Watertown.  I thought it was for Ocean Engineering.  Nope.  Half marathon.  Course 13 is a marathon., Forklift is a great name for the Herald food blog.  It is also the name for a caterer near Journeyman, down Boston's hippest alley., Cambridge Homes supports SCM Door2Door Transportation., Our new PintsPlus program.  2 pints of 2 new flavors.  Before anyone else gets them.  At a lower price.  http://t.co/gW7suap4, Here are the Strip T's special for Th:  smoked fish cakes
sauteed watercress, pickles, tartar, milk bun
$10  Gotta get out there., Mimi notes that today is 10/11/12.  In Central Square.  In Chelsea.  Everywhere., Cute people with cute Maine accents fight for their economic lives in a documentary about recreating a rural economy.  http://t.co/zyEA4LxB, Chip Kidd is one of those people you think must live in the NYTimes building but tonight he's at the Brattle's panel on graphic novels.  6P., Sandra is working on lemon flavors today.  We have one that starts with a South Asian recipe and another from France.  Choice.  Choices., Somerville's SCM Door2Door can win $10,000 if they move up 2 places in the Common Giving Challenge.  Send 'em $25.  https://t.co/fo03OaaQ, The Giving Common Challenge has raised almost $500K.  Part of that was my donation to SCM Door2Door Transportation.  https://t.co/ny0fweZp, The Globe piece on High Lawn Farm doesn't mention the almost universal embrace by better coffee shops of their milk.  https://t.co/Vyix4T5w, Gluck's Orfeo at 8PM  FREE  http://t.co/u2zQYlOL  NEConservatory., We have Pancakes ice cream.  The world needs Pancakes ice cream., Guy from Lantmannen bakery ascribed the origin of Danish pastry to a strike by Danish bakers in 1950.  Viennese replacements created Danish., The Maine Bread Conference was in Skowhegan but so is Steve's Snacks.  They make the Finest Whoopie Pies, known as Moon Pies in NJ., Giving Common Challenge is a statewide donation effort.  Kickstarter for people who already do good.  http://t.co/KJHFPAKu, What's so special about SCM's Door2DoorTransit?  Great design from Gill Fishman, wonderful drivers & a commitment to safety., Our artist Catherine is teaching woodworking skills to  kids at Maud Morgan.  "11 kids with saws"  Be careful., We're maing two different Lemon ice creams today:  one a French custard and the other using an Indian Khulfee base., Just gave money to SCM which does good things for everyone providing community alternative transit, Our salesman Bill Landergan works for Perkins.  I have spent hours staring at those trailer trucks with all those people.  Its Where's Waldo, Went to the Perkins Trade Show at CMGI Stadium, Patriot Stadium, Schaffer Stadium, Sullivan Stadium, wherever.  Ate 2 much.  Will now sleep., NYU's Fabio Parasecoli on Coffee Life in Japan http://t.co/66T2EYWd "eye of the anthropologist, but with the passion of a true coffee lover", 3,000 seniors/disabled rely on @Door2DoorTrans. Watch, then give thru #GivingCommon today: http://t.co/3DoFYfbO, http://t.co/okCisHqV, We brought back Kevin's Pancake ice cream.  Not a luminous idea but very good to eat.  Available tonight., Carmen recommends this blog.  http://t.co/COQSlpro, RT @reedcochran: RT @Door2DoorTrans: Video:  Meet Frances, 1 of our  clients in
 #Boston. http://t.co/1KR5uXIk @bostonfdn #givingcommon, 2nd thoughts on Harvard's Incestfest  http://t.co/Po2cuZoy, The barista at Simon's2 had an explanation of Cold Brewed Coffee suggesting super powers or illegality.  Now I'm in the Green Lantern Corps., Davis Sq.'s own SCM Transportation is cranking up it funding drive!  http://t.co/GmvDGNLT, One step forward.  One step back.  Upper Crust goes into bankruptcy.  Sbarro emerges.  Allegdly with New Haven pizza recipe.  I do hope so., Our only customer ever to foil a robbery snuck in and snuck out of town.   Jim Luger -or Jake Luger-  was in town for a musical gig., A great Free concert at NEConservatory with a 7PM starting time.  http://t.co/pmPsMTtA, On Wednesday night the MFA has another showing of Downeast about struggling Mainers and lobsters.  http://t.co/ij4suags, Ty Burr writes a good & detailed account of biking in Boston.  Loved that any car to your left may turn right.  http://t.co/yAERKFTD, The NYTimes covers the HonkFest!  http://t.co/JnpzhYuD  I'm sure the reporter had a good time., Really?  NYT suggests corruption is bad.  http://t.co/X3USPMjK  You could write this about Mass., The National Parks as a subway map.  http://t.co/kco49UCY  I love maps., A dizzying weekend with Honkfest, Boy Scout event on the Charles, and party at Dnce Complex.  Plus lots of Roxbury Puddingstone., Sun's Big Party for 25 year-old Rozann Krauss at Dance Complex was great  No Mark Morris who was in Seattle.  Psy from Gangnam was in Korea., Central Sq. Farmers' Market never rests.  Banks may take holidays but our farmers do not.  Starts at noon., We're open until 11PM.  Happy Columbus Day., Mark Eichin pointed me to this.  http://t.co/s4XIAumR  Loved it., About Roxbury Puddingstone  http://t.co/OlJLoK43  Not the ice cream., The HonkFest parade leaves Davis Sq at noon and heads for Harvard Sq.  Yesterday I ran into Waltham Mayor Rudnick, Topper and Marco Weman., We worked on Pecan Pie and Roxbury Puddingstone.  Gave up on banofee Pie and Banana Sorbet., 2nd day of honkfest was great.  Marc Rudnicki looked like a DC superhero in his tie dyed shirt., Renee Loth writes about a new app for Boston.  https://t.co/6M5cjekb  Know more., Things to do this weekend  http://t.co/psDGLAjp  The Brattle, Honk Fest!, Good meal before sleeping, A history of the CD format  http://t.co/dJShiZFe, There's a lot of Honkin' goin' on but its not the traffice.  It is the musical Honk Festival.  Band practice forever.  Right here., H I Miu, Li #f#lyn.  Nccsw UVB TTfji b, Its Maine or Palestine at the MFA Film Series.  http://t.co/BOydszQ8, John and Lucy are working.  This century's Donny & Marie.  Maybe Lucy and Desi.  Coffee and ice cream are better when they are here., The Honk! Festival begins in Central Sq today before kicking off at Johnny D's in Somahville.  http://t.co/QZqpMUjU, A Harvard student writes about his hedgehog's sensible diet.  http://t.co/DHfYOzb9  We're lucky., A brief update on Cambridge Redevelopment Circus with a photo of doomed park.  http://t.co/OPCNNEtH, First Thursdays at City Feed in JP are amazing with music and the feel of a small town fair.  Gve out samples last night.  Khulfee was #1., More future payment stuff from Starbucks.  http://t.co/mZIbuf0o, Ggiving away samples at the big City Feed in JP. Come visit., Sardine action at the MFA. A documentary about fish processing in Maine.  http://t.co/Po9OXWqo at the MFa 745P.  No popcorn, soda.  or fish., Still trying to get to Journeyman for the Dacquoise Vaughn recommends.  This is not from Singapore., Sandra is making multiple versions of what may become Roxbury Puddingstone.  The glaciers took longer but our results should be better., I'll be giving away samples and taking suggestions at City Feed in JP today from 4P>5P., Thanks to Diane V and Service Point we have the biggest and best poster for HonkFest.  http://t.co/QZqpMUjU  Starts Fr, Friends of Cambridge Rindge & Latin raised $15K through Whole Foods for special programs in environment and nutrition!  Bene., Alex strongly recommends the Earl Grey with the Brioche and fudge., Another Macarthur Fellow living on Toscanini's ice cream and coffee., The first few years we were open we would have a barefoot MIT student.  Another 
has appeared.  Like the white Buffalo.  What does it mean?, Walked down to the new Harvest Coop, located across Mass. Avenue from the old Harvest Coop, but close to where they began.  Bueno., An update from http://t.co/aF7zUtz2 on the city's resistance to Uber car service.  http://t.co/SgUKEaiM, I had to explain Cambridge cab rules to a guy who was upset when a Boston cab passed him.  Just a stupid system grinding away., NPR likes to use payroll figures from ADP, the company founded by NJ Senator Lautenberg.  Maybe there's a more neutral source., Just finished my leftover Dacquoise by Jim Dodge from last night's BU party for Julia Child. Better than day old pizza., Off to a fabulous event to commemorate Julia Child at BU Culinary Program.  http://t.co/mgQvC0ic  A good cause., The new Miso Msrket in Porter Sq struggles to survive a booming Cambridge.  http://t.co/iPloalk2, Trying to get Uber livery service in Cambridge is not easy.  http://t.co/SgUKEaiM, We're working on flavors for Pints+. Today we're tesing a Bleu Cheese flavor.  Ask us for a free one scoop.  You have to say if you like it., Asked an MIT grad student from England if he was from Oxford or Cambridge?  He brightened and said, "Actually both.", Now that Android is up to Jelly Bean, is Kit Kat next?  A probing question from the anthro dept?, New Simon's Coffee opened at 983 Mass Ave, next to the old Orson Welles.  Barismo coffee, dwelltime macarons & Danish Bakery croissants., Oops.  Over a 5 year period MBTA automatic fare collection was off by $101M.  http://t.co/IycGxM2E, "The only emperor is the emperor of ice cream."  Tomorrow is October 2 and Wallace Stevens' birthday., There are 8M people in NYC:  Michael Chabon, Marcus Samuelson, Junot Diaz and the town of Montclair NJ.  Where the Times writers live., Today's NYTimes did not have anything about Junot Diaz or Michael Chabon!  But there was more about the late publisher., Rembs from Tupelo suggested we use Petsi pies in his own Tupelo Honey ice cream.  We will., As Elmer Fudd would say, "wabbit."  Today is NEConservatory's First Monday.  http://t.co/ndRE9gL3  Debussy would be 150., Kristof of Dwelltime has returned from France!, Jessica Van Sack of The Herald interviews Mimi on our happy use of Square and the future of mobile payment.  http://t.co/KHMwVhKp, We have a very good criminal lawyer!, Judy Motzkin, artist visits Toscanini Hof in Wien or Vienna or wherever.  http://t.co/hv9cWrtl, Went to Watertown for fig stuff for the Bleu Cheese that is coming.  Also got amazing Rose jam.  More ideas.  Almost too many ideas., We're thinking about putting nuts back in the Lemon Khulfee. Khulfee just means frozen dessert not ice cream with nuts.  Any thoughts?, I misunderstand the reference to Sweet Pot ice cream.  We've made Sweet potato and may return to the flavor with new ideas from India., Two more hours to get your glass pumpkins at the Glass Pumpkin Sale in front of Kresge., The store's criminal lawyer took time off to lead us to Sel de La Terre's happy late-night Korean noodle night.  Kimchi & Burata from Seoul, Monday Oc 1 is First Mo at NEConservatory.  Debussy's 150th birthday party  FREE, Sandra had a good idea:  Bleu Cheese.  With walnuts?  Candied walnuts?  Figs?, RT @merrycorkywhite: RT @barismo: Oct is barismo month for @cloverfoodtruck http://t.co/SEdR9nSh #supportlocal, Deleted scenes from The Master.  http://t.co/QaEGq71u  I didn't understand it., The What the Fluff Festival starts at 3P in Union Sq.  Right now we're putting out Fluffernutter., Mass Comics Expo until 7P at Lesley, Glass Pumpkins at MIT and then the Fluff Festival in Union Sq. Somerville  http://t.co/CA0DmltT, Thousands of glass pumpkins for sale at the MIT Glass Pumpkin Patch, Sa, from 10A>3P.  Then off to the Fluff Festival.  The weekend., The What the Fluff Festival is tomorrow in Union Sq, Somahville, from 3P>7P.  We'll be serving fluff festivals all weekend., About 10 minutes to start of MIT Glass Pumpkin Patch.  No purchases. Just look and be amazed., We saved a pint of Lemon Khulfe (No Nuts) for Phillynilly.  its in the Customer Request box., Goldman Sachs paid a $12M fine to get $3B in business from Mass.  Good deal., In today's papers the diagram Netanyahu is holding looks like it came from a Road Runner cartoon and should say "Acme" on it., Rain won't hurt 'em.  MIT Glass Pumpkin Patch.  Preview tonight 5P  http://t.co/6Vt5UiSH, This weekend is the Pawtucket Film Festival with food and music and very nice people.  http://t.co/zoRihINa, MIT's Glass Pumpkin Patch sprouts this weekend, with a preview on Fr.  http://t.co/6Vt5UiSH  Sales on Sa and Su, tonight is the DoortoDoor comedy benefit at Montvale Plaza.  630P http://t.co/Zb9TiiBf  dinner is included, Free cupcakes at the first Flour, to celebrate their 12th anniversary!  Yum., Yesterday was Tea Show and Tell:  Soham Patel with his ayurvedic teas and Evy Chen with cold brews in beautiful bottles., There is a suggestion to call the new flavor Roxbury Conglomerate.  What do people think.  I promise no igneous flavors., An effects pedal demo from Bill Frisell.  http://t.co/J6rtrAtp, We're working on a Rocky Road-like flavor for Pints+.  What about calling it Roxbury Puddingstone?, Michael Farrell of the Globe writes about Jack Dorsey and Square at MIT.  We use Square and provided ice cream.  https://t.co/A8HNS08z, The World's most expensive Tata.  http://t.co/LZUdOTJP  Not small, not underpowered.  Tata Hall at HBS, The entire Tosci team had so much fun meeting @jack today!  cc @square, Another Kickstarter success!  Rounder Records archive with Cambridge Historic Commission  http://t.co/6AX0ckpZ, Ex-scooper Holly Leith is on her way to DC, or Silver Springs MD to run a school health program, scooper and manager Aaron Weissman is on his way to New Zealand, to the shire., Devra First on under-rated restaurants including Salts, Rendezvous, Central Kitchen & East by Northeast, all neighbors https://t.co/qXqtftZg, Regional ethnic specialties for modern people via the internet  http://t.co/WnBZ8uy9, OMG.  Giulia will make home-made pasta at  Raffiki and now Bronwyn will serve regional Italian pastas.  Santa Ronzoni!, Went to the new Back Deck, downtown before a movie.  Excellent and we skipped dessert since we make the ice cream., I think its going to come down to Tom Ehrenfeld to save the Rounder Records Archive.  On kickstarter., Man cannot live by B. good burgers alone so Tommy is delivering ice cresm to B Good, Working on new flavors for the two City Feeds in Jamaica Plain.  Vienna Finger Cookie and Orange Chocolate are requested.  Khulfee too, Unusual anime at The Brattle  http://t.co/3wLRVN5F  715P 930P Tue Se 11, Steve Morse has a great obituary for John Belmonte, "Big John," a fixture for music lovers in Central Square.  https://t.co/rX7AtFxR, http://t.co/GfSfQiB9 says that Belly Wine Bar is open in the One Kendall Sq. complex, near the Blue Room., Kickstarter needs about $600 to preserve the Rounder Records archive.  http://t.co/XE7mvvdh, A map of Cambridge about place names.  http://t.co/Ft1dQxra, John Hawkinson on MIT and Kendall Sq redevelopment.  http://t.co/XgS8KAVe, White Peaches are a pale sweet memory.  Got yellow peaches from Kimball Farms at Central Sq. Farmers' Market.  And heard about bears., Miyazaki's Floating Island.  Anime at the Brattle 7P.  http://t.co/9lltpPzr, Very nice crowd at Ice Cream death match in front of Os Gemini mural.  Money goes to Community Servings, I'm sitting on a raised bed of parsley at Ice Cream Showdown on the Greenway. We brought B3 & White Peach Sorbet, Off to deliver samples of Cocoa Pudding & Burnt Caramel to Whole Foods., Mimi and I delivered ice cream to B Good HQ.  My photo is on the side door of Harvey, their truck.  Mimi's is not., Marc Abrahams of the Ig's wrote book,John Garland invented Pinrgle ice cream sandwiches to celebrate  Marc is on Science Friday.  Not John., Shiso Plum Sorbet right now, then the last White Peach Sorbet and the first Nectarine Sorbet., Win a date with a Nobel laureate.  http://t.co/cFlKp7Nx  Who can resist?, A subway map on a subway car http://t.co/k3VzftXn  the entire subway car., We're making several crazy ice cream sandwiches for a small special event.  The best idea is from John Garland of Newman Prep:  Pringles!, We're getting ready for Ssturday's Ice Cream Showdown.  Its a bit like Rocky and a bit like Visonquest.  OMG., Our latest version of sesame miso is out.  One suggestion is to add black sesame paste.  We will., We made something too terrible to contemplate:  pringle ice cream sandwiches. We used sour cream & onion w/ sour cream ice cream., Met with Peter Giuliano of Counterculture Coffee and then went to Render to celebrate their soon-to-open training center in Somerville., Boston cabs are a mess and $$$.  Does Uber include ride-sharing?, The Deal of the Century or Politically Connected Deal of the Century  http://t.co/T4t5OUDp, At some point the Globe will discover that Lt. Governor Murray had a no show job in Chelsea but meantime..., As usual who knows what's playing at the MFA Film?  This is an expensive crappy website., Ponyo at the Brattle 8P 10PM Th tonight  http://t.co/BwfGxIig  more anime.  Great stuff and sort of weird stuff, Tenured BU Police Capt. Molloy informs BU Students and all of us how to pronounce local place names.  http://t.co/AdzSyouf, I know its terrible but Taco Bell is a guilty pleasure.  http://t.co/GfSfQiB9 notes a new unit for BU, which actually represents a return., Finally.  Cheese string theory, magnetic chickens and other WTF research  http://t.co/tfqRWmAy, It will be hard to get to this but Marc Abraham's new book has a London publication party  http://t.co/OOLi9vmv, Coolhaus is cool and fast-growing http://t.co/8ZoSm76J@tosci.com&YM_MID=1337720, Today's primary election has nothing to do with anything except Democratic factions fighting for sinecures. My ballot had 2 choices.  MA/PRI, Last night's Woburn Whole Foods demo including an amazing number of Boston photographers., Mario, Irene,Beate & Jon were drinking coffee at and talking about Cambridge schools at Dwelltime.  Robert Winters appeared in the mists., Tomorrow we should have White Peach and Nectarine sorbets.  TonightI'm working on the very last White Peaches from Kimball Farms., Ended the day at Woburn Whole Foods for a nice local vendor event.  We gave away enough Burnt Caramel to empty their freezer., RT @mmvk: Do you like ice cream, Boston?
Go to Toscanini's (@tosci) FB! Announcing PintsPlus (Expires today.), The Mayo Clinic says paper towels are better for hand washing.  http://t.co/co9aytou, First McD's veggie outlet.  http://t.co/OnxeGZ36@tosci.com&YM_MID=1337369, More wonderful Japanese anime at the Brattle along with American popcorn and beer.  http://t.co/4ROVedXm, Some things at work, like these berries are just pretty http://t.co/dnzPHNhE, I love MIT t shirts.  Here's a happy beaver that was part of Grad Student orientation., Tart or acerbic or sharp-tongued or grouchy Martin Amis at the Brattle  http://t.co/vXECnIZC, I like NC Wyeth Scribners Classics but why don't they sell Clifford Geary Heinlein juveniles? Remember all that long tail stuff?, Reason to drive west to the Clark, Mass MOCA and Williams College  http://t.co/DQ7vQMBv, this is an argument for cleaning your desk or not cleaning your desk.  Someone left a Hershey bar from Citizens Bank., NEConservatory free concerts are a great pleasure of living in Boston.  They resume  at Williams Hall with a Modern Improvisation event., Who cares about the first day of class?  On Bishop Allen Simeone the tailor has returned from his annual vacation to Greece., null, Marc Levy calls it The Infinite Hallway but I know he meant The Infinite Corridor.  Do you know that Brigham & Women's has its own Mass Pike, Marc Levy of http://t.co/aF7zUtz2 has his own guide to Cambridge http://t.co/zdKtoOSA, Central Sq. State Fair is happening today.  Lots of fruits, veggies, wines, baked goods form Hi Rise.  No tractor pull.  No livestock., All horse shows and rodeos are free today at Minnesota State Fair.  http://t.co/jaDdQoft, Hunky celebrity chef Rembs from Tupelo came by with future Food Channel star to try Peach Sorbet.  I grabbed them at Central Sq. State Fair, Kimball Farms said the insane White Peach season is ending.  We have a few weeks of great nectarines.  So we will make 2 more Peach Sorbet., British coffee heavyweight James Hoffman likes Coffee Life in Japan  http://t.co/GbtAxeLP, Sebastian Smee sends art lovers to Worcester Art Museum for Hokusai and waterfalls.  http://t.co/gsTCpQta, If you haven't figured it out, the NYT really dislikes NJ Governor Christie.  They like Mayor Bloomberg despite stop & frisking & 9 houses, I think we should see less tenative driving and fewer Uhauls.  Thank goodness., Go to ArtCurrent in Ptown to see Judy Motzkin's Earth to Sky.  Then go to Nut House for ice cream., Pastry chef Shawn Gawle of SF's Saison says nice things about B3 at The Nut House in Ptown.  Invented by Kevin Raffferty.  We make it., Because of euipment problems we only have 16 flavors but they are twice as good., farming in Brooklyn  http://t.co/VsUsV2TW, new restaurants from TW Foods, Alex Crabb and Sheesh of Hi Rise, Will Gilson, and the folks from Central Bottle  http://t.co/dc4d26mB, Dull old http://t.co/V3UaiHcZ about Globe's mystery editorial.  http://t.co/ppvSKt0c, Judy Motzkin art show in Ptown at Art Current., Would a study of moving violations reveal this weekend to be the worst driving of the year.  Or is that my imagination?, Ma budget is $30B.  Tax credits are $27B.  http://t.co/QrYGHX5v, The intersection of marketing and sociology.  http://t.co/dRjmwbCD  Oreos in China!, No Boston places by Bon Appetit as Best New Restuarants but Oliver Strand of NYT does mention Barismo.  We use their coffee & espresso., Today is August's last Friday.  Livable Streets and Toscanini's give you a half scoop of any flavor for not driving to work.  Skateboard in., Serious Eats on where to eat when dropping the heir off at Harvard or MIT  http://t.co/vco8P2Xt  We're mentioned for both coffee & ice cream, We have to move west.  Ten best paletas in LA http://t.co/tM4uzRf3, Some academics have great presence.  This Harvard professor does. Hosw to Run.  
http://t.co/al4iSwIk, Sleep with the sushi  http://t.co/RhM3Nf5C  a movie about sushi a global phenom. and probably a menace., We're making a coffee chichaito rum and anisette.  Anyone got a better name?, Keromin singing frogs coming to the IgNobels on Se 20  http://t.co/09wRagqJ, 730PM Weeks Footrbridge tonight.  Full Moon.  Tango by moonlight.  http://t.co/L59kg886, Se 27-30 Head for the Trans Peco Gathering of Peace and Love http://t.co/AOM468Jc, Our coffee is under scientific scrutiny from Public Laboratory.  http://t.co/tZC7uwVT, We're working on Miso Black Sesame!  Tomorrow., Brioche ice cream sandwich is now 7 days a week.  Our ice cream and Iggy's brioche rolls., Judy Motzkin makes pots, breadpots and art.  New EaterBoston has piece by Andrew Janjigian with photos by Michael Piazza., Instant:  the story of Polaroid  http://t.co/kizwAkHA, WBUR just ran a commercial for Volante Farms that featured our Burnt Caramel ice cream., The London Review of Books underpromises and overdelivers.  Red Moby Duck!  http://t.co/KhS1FnTy, This very good article on the economics of British football, gets you into the London Review of Books for 24 hours.  http://t.co/JpXl4sP7, The new, beautiful as usual, Gastronomica has an article about food and the persistence of Mafia in Sicily.  Riveting., Sandra Fairbank is industriously writing about her eye-opening trip to Toronto.  Sandra designed Tosci & is  interested in urban farming., Last Central Swings is tomorrow evening in beautiful park facing Sidney St., Judy Motzkin pottery show opens in Ptown on Au 31 at ArtCurrent.  7-10P, Serious Eats reviews Coffee Life in Japan.  http://t.co/XvTNiJrP  Good book.  Good review., Made more White Pech Sorbet but the color is different.  Taste is great but this is one of those flavors that puzzle us., my Apple one-to-one account no longer works in Foxfire which is annoying., Five recommendations from Brenna in http://t.co/aF7zUtz2  http://t.co/HihMSoUR, He had his helmet on but he was talking on a smartphone while riding down the wrong side of the street, looking stately.  Almost hit him., Departing Public Editor names and desribes Times Nation, which like Red Sox Nation is VERY passionate  http://t.co/dHnPMsUl, All the News that Fits.  19 people were shot in Chicago but the NYTimes didn't have space for the story., Get your dancing shoes.  Thursday is night-time tango dancing on the weeks footbridge., Harvard people are still reeling from all those motivated supportive parents.  They will leave soon., Ben Wurgaft has left the building.  Back to LA to write his review of the Get Jiro comic book., This peach thing is good.  Ran into David from Leonard Stephen haircutters at Oxford St. farmers market., A visit from the MIT swim team has left wet footrprints everywhere., The Pursuit of Happiness did I'm an Adult Now which is a great song but a terrible video., Patagonia comes out with another range of shirts for Portlandia hipsters.  I miss the old designs inspired by nature rather than cafes, Last night a customer agonizing over flavorssaid she could make Peach Sorbet.  A chorus of us said "No you can't.", Andy is working on Peach ice cream for Gibbet Hill., How about CSA Leftovers?, Half of Monday's NYT was devoted to tennis and sports.  That saved me time., The current legal status of "natural" and "organic" relating to food  http://t.co/SlYRa9wY, The sunflowers running down the street from Butcher Shop to Siena Farms and then Stir are gorgeous., I don't understand the Washington Monthly ratings of colleges  http://t.co/VXeZyt8O, Liz Villardi explains new place, Belly, as what would happen if Blue Room & Central Bottle had a baby., Marc Levy and Patrick Barrett respond to Globe's story about development arguments in Central Sq.  http://t.co/d1uvAkcq, Crazy traffic jam everywhere.  It looks like the Boston Fire Dept. is rescuing someone form the middle of the Mass. Ave. bridge., Tractor pull at Central Sq State Fair.  Central Sq. Farmers Market.  Then Old Iron Show.  Monday., We're only doing the Ice Cream brioche on weekends.  Fr/Sa/Su, A group of grad students from Chem Dept come in.  I ask another customer if he's form the Chem Dept.  "I'm form the ice cream eating dept.", This is pastry chef Chris Cordeiro's last week at Clio.  Ended Sunday with a dumbfounding tour of the dessert menu.  http://t.co/fLlZAJBx, There's not much about building in this issue of Architecture Boston but there is great stuff about memory.  http://t.co/60StTLWg, Rust Belt Chic.  Harvey Pekar vs. LeBron  http://t.co/yCJqMwXT, Despicable?  The Unlovable Despicable Boston Red Sox  http://t.co/A85QfrNm  More of the Atlantic's new vitriol, An interesting article on Missouri that evades the Detroit-like disasters of St. Louis and the Kansas City school system., Years ago we had a neighbor, Topps Donuts.  Loved 'em.  But they left and years later we get perfect donuts on Sunday from Craigie., This is a very nice Sunday, made nicer by donuts from our neighbor, Craigie, Shredding with Keromin  http://t.co/Iy4U0OIe  They're coming to the IgNobels.  This guy is the Jeff Beck of Japanese toys, 101 arrested and 466 in custody … at Kenney Chesney concert?  https://t.co/kZMldEIm, ArchitectureBoston on the Amermenian memorial on the Greenway and shifts in public memory  http://t.co/3vC5EIm6, Gaia and Tulia like this, you will too #briocheicecreamsandwiches, I've never figured out director Blake Edwards.  Tonight is your turn, 730P, Harvsrd Film Archives,  SOB  http://t.co/KDlrUOlC  Julie Andrews, Tonight!  Anita Baker and the Fabulous Thunderbirds at Minnesota State Fair.  http://t.co/jaDdQoft, More and more confusion at Cambridge Redevelopment Authority, including Microsoft signs.  http://t.co/OjfDcb8b  hah hah., Got crazy sweet peaches from Kimball Farms on Fr at Farmers Market.  We made Peach Sorbet, gave some to them and bought more white peaches., Central Japan Railroad proposes to build a high speed train link between Dallas and Houston  http://t.co/byJvBh1e  without subsidies, would you like brioche with that? #briocheicecreamsandwiches, new ice cream sandwiches all weekend, only 25 available each day #briocheicecreamsandwiches, ice cream and fudge on a brioche roll is the new #briocheicecreamsandwich at the store this weekend, #briocheicecreamsandwiches they’re good for dinner or dessert, Neil Armstrong has died. http://t.co/2pSFLxv1, Leave the gun... take the #briocheicecreamsandwich, We're still serving Ice Cream brioche on Iggy's rolls.  Hmmm., Wahh.  http://t.co/GfSfQiB9 reports Mike and Patty's is temporarily closed.  Rumor has it they may take over Weylu on Route 1.  Crazy rumor., tag us with your photos of the new #briocheicecreamsandwiches, why not skip lunch and have a #briocheicecreamsandwich instead, it makes Don Corleone happy, if that’s not a ringing endorsement #briocheicecreamsandwich, your choice: cup, cone, brioche #briocheicecreamsandwiches, a Sicilian ice cream treat in Central Square #briocheicecreamsandwiches, Charlton Heston debuts in Dark Ctiy at 7P in the Harvard Film Archives.  No beer.  No popcorn.  Good seats.  Art shows beforehand., If you didn't grab your IgNobel seats there are -surprise surprise- a few left.   the 22nd First Annual on Th Se 20.  http://t.co/ouEpuG9H, IgNobel top hat Marc Abrahams was in this morning for an interview with English magazine, New Scientist., Cambridge could face similar problems if its boom continues.  http://t.co/CWr9ihfK  NYC's Hi Line changes everything, Who knew?  A customer was wearing a t shirt with numbers.  Carnegie Mellon has its own number system for courses.  But no building numbers., Celebrity visitor Ben Swartz did show up and showed up again.  He's celebrating his return to 02139., A long article about the disappearing park space in Kendall Sq.  http://t.co/7PJHWYVd, our ice cream + house made fudge + iggy’s brioche #briocheicecreamsandwiches, #briocheicecreamsandwiches $3.75 all weekend long, Buskin & Batteaux make fun of Shady Hill School School as sounding like a puppy mill., NEW Our ice cream & Iggy's brioche recreate a Sicilian treat in Central Sq.  Mention this tweet or http://t.co/6HucTLc1 and get one for $2., come in Friday and be the first to try our new #briocheicecreamsandwich, that’s ice cream and fudge on a Iggy’s brioche roll, come in all weekend for #briocheicecreamsandwiches. starting friday, The 20 Worst Hipster Bands of All Time  http://t.co/0rp3hm4d, Walter Hill's The Warriors st Harvard Film Archive on Sa, distantly based on Xenophon, Bonnie Raitt and Mavis Staples at the Minnesota State Fair tonight., Ben Swartz should ask for Adam T., They are coming, #briocheicecreamsandwiches all weekend long, First year Material Scientists are here for Burnt!, Green Tea, B3, Saffron Orange Khulfee,Salty Caramel, Rasp S., Mango S., Coconut Rum S., When I complained about rush traffic I was surprised how many presumed I was Tweeting while driving.  Just driving was enough., A terrible economy changes Europe's cafes and coffee, Build a home for Rounder Records archives  http://t.co/PskkSA4B?, Don Corleone ate one. Come get ice cream in an Iggy's brioche. This weekend.  #briocheicecreamsandwiches, Manhattan's changing and for the most part declining densities.  http://t.co/Cws0qrNk, MBTA loses 800 parking spots in Quincy because of lack of maintenance.  http://t.co/EJXGmUFc, Tom Lehrer at the weekly IgNobel huddle at Hi Rise, seeing a headline with the word Pokemon, "Jamaican rectal exam.", A helpful French term for what Cambridge and Boston are experiencing might be Le Rentrée”.  We have uHauls.  They have Citroens., 530PM scenes from Car Talk the musical Part of Central Swings in front of Toscanini's., ice cream+fudge+iggy’s brioche= #briocheicecreamsandwiches ... coming friday, On Tuesday an imposing posse from the East Coast Greenway visited, flying green banners and heading to Florida., Prominent ex-Cantabridgian -and former super scooper- Judah Hughes visited with his family.  He teaches at Westfield State., I miss Charles Peters and his Washington Monthly.  I don't think he'd be happy with James Fallows' latest, If you wonder about the cultural elite get ready for Mario Testino's portraits of the Royal Family.  A companion to PBS's Your Royal Family., cup, cone, or brioche #briocheicecreamsandwiches, I love Whit Stillman's movie, particularly Barcelona,and I hate to be negative but Damsels in Distress at the Brattle is awful., Ask someone who knows.  Central Sq. U haul guy says craziness starts this weekend and continues until the day after Labor Day., Driving at rush hour in 128 land is something I'm not good at., Central Square's Dosa Factory will open a patio.  http://t.co/9iB3Uzd2 It alresdy has a great Godfather Room/ PDR., We're plotting a new item., Get Jiro by Anthony Bourdain is the best issue of heavy Metal in years. http://t.co/0nRZtXMt, smart and funny  http://t.co/MAH9pvsF, THE STORY OF FILM PART 13/14 AT THE BRATTLE OR MY OWN PRIVATE IDAHO WITH ACTING GREATS KEANU REEVES AND RIVER PHOENIX http://t.co/pCgFxiL8, Syrian rebels have skills of chefs.  http://t.co/5d7o2t8K Notice how they have plated food., Residents of Red states are more charitable.  http://t.co/wzzLbs0Y, The racial divide on sneakers.  http://t.co/YQwE9u7O, Small wonderful watermelons you can walk home at the Central Sq. State Fair.  No corn dogs.  No livestock.  Central Sq. Farmers Market, Fix it now.  http://t.co/D4donY8A  Fix it.  Now.  The Red Line., The Story of Film Parts 13/14 @ Brattle. Like a Korean soap opera that's always playing in a grocery.  http://t.co/5ORC81Mx, 7P The Wild Bunch at Coolidge.  Warren Oates, Robert Ryan,  Ben Johnson,  Emilio Fernandez, William Holden….  http://t.co/5ORC81Mx, Famous chefs gather to bid farewell to H2's Casablanca  https://t.co/7tVr3yvB  George Nickodopawapolous, Ana Sortun,  Robert Harris,, Mitt does eat coffee ice cream, despite your idea of Mormon dietary rules.  http://t.co/zyQqPZ35, Central Sq. is Lake Wobegon.  Craigie just dropped off extra donuts and the attendant Cajeta sauce.  We are all in doughnut comas.  Peace, I have long been convinced that Americans like car 'cause they can sing on their way to work. It is dangerous.  http://t.co/BFIkfvl4, Bill Wainwright of Cambridge died.  http://t.co/8fJwBJHL, Graphics in the service of good, not bad.  http://t.co/3RZaxZge, Tomorrow, Mo Au 20 is The Wild Bunch at Coolidge!  The Brattle ends the month with Studio Ghibli Anime.  Hoist a brew ski with the kids., Michael Leviton of Area 4 and Lumiere in Newton on why he's not in Restaurant Week, giving voice to what many say.  http://t.co/XDXfnB77, Regattabar in the Charles Hotel has a kids' classical music concert.  I've seen differen times.  430P?  Su Au 19  http://t.co/pgLVSBZ0, MIT Flea Market is on until 2PM.  We're here until 11PM.  Buy a once-SOA Commodore; come in for a sundae., Simeone the Tailor is on vacation- in Greece.  And now East bt northeast is off next week.  http://t.co/9iB3Uzd2  Both suggest The Return., A good interview with Anthony Bourdain http://t.co/70FGgnVP  in Mother Jones!, Tomrorow, Su Au 19 is the MIT Flea Market.  They open at 9AM -and so do we on Sa and Sun.  They go to 2PM.  We go to 11P., Ken Fields has a Kickstarter campaign for the Honk Festival.  http://t.co/wlaDJmqo  A great goofy project., Today we have very red and veery good watermelon juice in our lineup of iced teas and coffees, Lawrence found this watermelon carver  http://t.co/QbCjkqkC  Is she the best-ever Japanese Mom at preparing bento for school?, Dropped off samples at new Whole Foods in JP, visited the handsome Caffe Aromi for George Howell coffee and bought a watermelon at WF, Boston's own Donnie Yen in Iron Monkey Th 930P at the Brattle, Mon Au 20 7P in Brookline at Coolidge Peckinpah's The Wild Bunch  http://t.co/5ORC81Mx.  The first, bloodiest & best of the new westerns., LA restaurant pays diners to get rid of smartphones.  http://t.co/oOKRd545, Today, Th Au 16, Bee Culture in front of Toscanini's, 6P.  We'll have Honey Vanilla Bean, Tony Bee, poet, the Follow the Honey folks., TW Foods, the least trangressive of good restaurants hooks up with Anthony Bourdain at Symphony.  http://t.co/9xNQ0DZC  Really?, Delivered wort ice cream to David at Cambridge Brewery.  Got more wort to transform into ice cream.  This works.  They're Best Brewpub., Saw Simon of Simon's, in front of Canteen, which will become the 2nd Simon's.  Compared to Rome or SF we can open hundreds of these things., Incase we ever run out of ideas for new flavors, http://t.co/NLaN0H9y, Happy Birthday Julia, http://t.co/COn4ujPZ, Th 6P Au 16 Killer Bee Honey festival and ice cream in park in front of Toscanini's and inside Toscanini's, Robin Young from WBUR visited and so did Terry Gross.  Marco Werman comes when we do breakfast.  Very well-informed & informative customers., Brady Pisha finds Dr. Evil's ice cream factory.  Not how we work.  http://t.co/Pl02NutV, The man who created Hawkman and Sgt. Rock and Hawkwoman died.  http://t.co/lJJZRCjb, Today's Globe and NYTimes were largely about Julia Child who would have been 100.  And might have gotten to the Iowa State Fair., my receipt from the very good Amsterdam Falafel in Davis Sq. was in dollars and Euros., Gastronomica knows caramels.  http://t.co/dsnnNsc6, Hoosier Iranian ice cream fan Josh Sanburn of Time has his good list of places for ice cream.  Behind the paywall so check it out at 7-11., Nancy Cott on Julia Child's 100th birthday.  http://t.co/ZuVrm0Wo, The Story of Film Part 11/12  http://t.co/I1qe0ZMY  at the Brattle.  Beer, popcorn, classic cinema., Johnny Pesky was born in … The Austro Hungarian Empire.  Helen Gurley Brown was born in the Ozarks., Somerville's once-beloved Paddock closes.  http://t.co/9iB3Uzd2  Awww., FNX returns as web radio  http://t.co/Ys5auGSb, Sometimes PBS can't help itself.  Your Royal Family at Work.  http://t.co/hvL3aERJ  It makes me wonder., Uh oh.  http://t.co/GfSfQiB9 reports that Patricia Yeo is leaving Moksa.  Yoki sushi opens across from Hi Fi;  Craigie plans to be busier., City of Boston has several derelict "comfort stations" in the Fenway and on Columbia Road.  Why not use them as hubs for food trucks?, A very complete guide to coldbrew coffee in Boston.  http://t.co/Us80UKbP  Plus we have been doing it for years., Rumors:  Strip T's opens a new place in Brookine, Villa Mexico, in doomed gas station by MGH may move with City Hall help or even stay., Innovation District may be getting back -a little- to Cooper Robertson's original low-rise plan.  It might look less like suburban Atlanta., Reading Architecture Record at Service Point.  No Boston firm in list of nation's 25 biggest.  Biggest does $764.M.  Gensler in SF., Got a free popsicle from Ocean Ave. Pops at the Zagat Pop-up, got a free Boston Ballet bag, got peaches, tomatoes & corn at C Sq.Frmrs Mkt, One guy suggested running Jerusalem like The Vatican with Swiss Guards.  Another wants to turn it into Disneyland for religions., Chocolate Rosemary is coming back after a happy debut.  Probably on We or Th.  Plus Chocolate Ramen is coming due to no demand at all, The Story of Film Part 11/12 at The Brattle.  http://t.co/BB4Cteuh  A better film course with beer and popcorn.  A great film course., Matt Segal took time off from studying to meet his fans at Ranc's in Lexington., Famous scooper and now Californian Yvette Ma visited with her family., Back on Ap 24 Bo Guagua published a statement in the Crimson.  Since then his mother was convicted of murder,  but not in the Crimson., There seems to be something about Elizaebth Warren  http://t.co/No4gx4nd  but then Brown voted for the "carry" craperoo for equity guys, As part of the IgNobrels, Keromin are coming from Japan.  http://t.co/gaQhCtv6  No one is safe from amusement., Whenever officals offer reassurance about reactors & biolabs,Sari Boren thinks of the Great Molasses Flood when a wall of goo wreaked havoc, Central Square's very own, real-life Farmville Market is today.  Good stuff including peaches which we hope to turn into ice cream., The sage of north Cambridge noted the disappearance of bumper stickers, being replaced by tweets?, Adam Castiglioni suggested a Meals Tax holiday.  I'd do that during Restaurant Week!, Timothy Spall performed The Tempest as read by Winston Churchill to end the Olympics.  Excellent., This weekend in Mass is a tax holiday for sales tax.  Eat Free or Die would be a NH license plate., Teen Sexting.  Threat or menace?  http://t.co/iBZTFd9k, Evening edition for mobile devices?  http://t.co/mlr9RdoD, Steve McQueen, Charles Bronson, Lee Marvin and Andy Stamberg.  All tough guys at the Brattle.  http://t.co/4ROVedXm, Project Hexapod, from Somerville's Artisans Asylum has a giant robot project every Japanese boy will envy. http://t.co/R2zqUD8U, A threat to Bo Guagua of the JFK School prompted his prominent mother to kill a  British businessman in China.  http://t.co/AgeSCq5D, NPR report for Iselford Maine on too many lobsters and Canadian "blockade"  http://t.co/QluDqJpJ, custom knives for Jason Bond and Ana Sortun  http://t.co/KIJ0dRW3, One might describe Rep Tierney as the $7M man based on all the money laundered but not in the NYT  http://t.co/oI07Yzbb, Half plastic-half traditional basket making from The Phillipines and Germany.  http://t.co/RyQr8Wdr, Keromin will be in Cambridge for the IgNobel's.  http://t.co/vC3AI2lO  Double Keromin action! Like Van Damme., Louisa Kasdon of Stuff &WBUR on a problem for Boston's restaurant business.  http://t.co/8K3Wl88g Pogo said we have met the enemy & its us., Boston has City Hall.  http://t.co/uRCTsKxo  and a few others including Paul Rudolph's state buildings., This year's best ice cream is probably the olive oil ice cream I had at Lincoln's AKA Bistro. AKA means "red" in Japanese.  Not Howlin' Wolf, TW Food is having a sake night tonight, Au 9.  Eat well, drink too much, get in a fight with your boss.  All will be forgotten., Keromin is coming to the IgNobels.  http://t.co/U4g9qA9O  We will all be happy., Jason Sobocinski graduated from BU to The Cooking Channel.  He is The Big Cheese.  http://t.co/OSoakUzy, Very big, sad memorial service at Union Baptist for the Sted family., A wonderful video from MGH on the Commonhealth blog about a former scooper surviving an attack by a Great White Shark.  http://t.co/jmvATEfX, Making ice cream at home without an ice cream freezer.  http://t.co/0A83D8dA  Which seems like a dead end to me., reviews of pint flavors from the New Improved Steve's ice cream  http://t.co/eD3D2m6u, Kate Shannon on 10 scoops of ice cream in Boston.  http://t.co/3q5RKxc9  Happy to be included.  As is my brother., Au 10 end for summer school at BU and Harvard.  Au 20 for MIT.  Get ready for uHauls and new neighbors.  Kids return to NJ, Cambridge City Council surprises by letting Forest City plan die, for now.  http://t.co/CU92jCoi, Today is a good sunny day for the Central Sq. Farmers' Market.  Lots of plows and combines and exotic machinery., Re-read this list of other ice cream flavors and got hungry.  http://t.co/29cmhp2l, "Rushed additions could sway Central Sq. deal but residents skeptical" http://t.co/nQqKl1kR, Jen Lin Liu and her family stopped by.  Author of To Serve the People. Celebrity customer and member of Food 24 Times a Second., Its hot!  But we have Burnt!, Coconut S., Mango S., Rum Raisin, Saffron Orange Khulfee, Blue Lemon, Coffee ICS, B3, Ch #3, GSM & ecellent AC, John Hawkinson and The Tech continue the best coverage of Central Sq/MIT development issues.  http://t.co/BnWVfUJU, First espresso in 2 weeks wasn't really espresso.  Summer Gibraltar was quadruple strength cold brew.  I was Bruce Banner.  Now..., Chris Myers of Denver, bitten by the shark, was one of our earliest and nicest scoopers.  He also survived living above Hi Fi Pizza, The reason Cambridge people want a development moratorium is because they don't believe the city negotiates well with developers., Saul Tannenbaum knows a lot about Central Sq. and new development issues.  http://t.co/XkxQzkbg, Boston Magazine names us Best Ice Cream, which is a very good thing to have happen in August., Born in Richmond Paul McCracken was another member of the little noticed Iowa Renaissance  http://t.co/JpdaGYFj, In early getting ready for another August day., Gangster hip hop oldies station in LA  http://t.co/R3Dyo3k5  Jokes come true., No Ikea so what's going on at Assembly Square?  http://t.co/KMkCeXfr, Press bias illustrated Unemployment goes up but headline is "jobs growth outruns forecast.  http://t.co/NCivxXib, We're losing it.  8PM sunset.  It being summer., We built new convention hall to fill the hotels; now Convention Authority will build 7 hotels, one with $200M subsidy.  http://t.co/m3ptnl2S, Saw Jean Gabin in Grand Illusion and then saw the famous Gabin, now married in NYC with a son and heading to Ptown for family week., Broadway Bicycle has its 40th bithday party until 7PM.  http://t.co/RCsQAJbz, The more or less complete story of Grillo's Pickels.  http://t.co/LLXzMaKj, Oliver Strand doesn't have to drink bad coffee while traveling.  http://t.co/XmxCbrEw, Smart guys offer list for summer reading.  http://t.co/kAjCMsko, The best and weirdest video of the week.  http://t.co/cMPZPHDJ  Tuvan throat singing from Sardinia, vaughn finds incredibly cool light bulb art  https://t.co/qJvKuN8Q, Donald Hall on Henry Adams on people & pols: "They do the opposite of what they say."  Remember this., I don't understand power problems in India.  I thought Khan Shahrukh solved this in Swades, when he quit NASA ro return to his village., More bad news for America IHOP lays off & restructures  http://t.co/JiwQu3ri@tosci.com&utm_content=NRN-News-NRNam-08-01-12email&YM_MID=mmid, Former scooper Dumi Gumbi makes good and our first movie.  http://t.co/iQz0sfVm  in South Africa., You, or we -or someone- can grow rice in New England.  http://t.co/IzUA12rY, Banned food.  For your own good.  Of course. Except for the geese.  http://t.co/z7q7iwcG, Books Lines & Thinkers in Rangeley has the most geographically diverse customers you can imagine.  And books for them to read., 2 great movies about kids at The Brattle.  I Wish from Japan and Kid With a Bicycle from Belgian.  Beer with id.  Popcorn without., Tomorrow is National Ice Cream Sandwich Day.  We'll have Coffee Ice Cream Sandwich, an ice cream geological in concept.  Intrusive., I had what I hope will be this year's worst vacation cup of coffee.  An annual ordeal, small as it is., Having survived Mr. Softee, Doug Quint of Big Gay Ice Cream Truck is in WSJ http://t.co/M3q5FGRK, Ignoring its predictble ethnocentrism Mimi Sheraton's piece ignores Montreal bagels, new bagel makers in NYC & millions http://t.co/qGxAclZ9, Reason to risk crossing the river:  Cutty's wins Boston Magazine's Best sandwich.  Shallots rule!, Central Square's Zagat pop-up cafe.  http://t.co/9HqXhTh5, The Story of Film, 7P at Brattle.  930P is Fistful of Dollars, part of the story of film.  Plus popcorn and beer. Yea.  http://t.co/4ROVedXm, Carlo Cremonini has a better name than you do and a tricky camera.  http://t.co/UXgnity2, http://t.co/8hwz82Y2 is always supportive of democrats but finding out that his chief of staff is Nancy Pelosi's daughter may not be enough, You will learn about Graham Cracker Angry Birds and you will discover the bizarre origins of anti-sex food  http://t.co/yYbTMoss, You can't hear it on a car radio if you go uphill but http://t.co/AYHbpBFA is a great station.  Philosophy Talk and wonderful music., Marc Levy writes at length about new housing and other construction in Central Square and Kendall Square.  http://t.co/Nj1k31Ea, 15% of the US Olympic team live in LA http://t.co/G1nrPxGu, Harvard Sq. loses Casablanca and a movie theater but gains a late-night cookie delivery service.  http://t.co/f0wppVYT, A dull list of Ten New Flavors Customers want.   http://t.co/geWmTW5w@tosci.com&utm_content=NRN-News-What%27s%20Hot-07-26-12, Today's funny Globe cartoon shows a big debt to the Minneapolis Tribune's Guindon.  He was Prairie Home Companion one drawing at a time., http://t.co/W5HbxfbN  If US cities were European countries., http://t.co/W5HbxfbN, Today is the first day of the Kneading Conference http://t.co/16RKwyHD  Maine Bresd Conference in Skowhegan, Mr. Softee doesn't screw around with Doug Quint and the Big Gay Ice Cream Truck.  They know who the Chuck Norris of ice cream is., Still looking for an apartment for visiting professor, his wife and 2 daughters.  Will rent or house swap.  In a nice part of Rome, Italy., A few years late the Globe is chasing Congressman Tierney.  Did all this activity have bad effectson Antigua?  Corruption? Violence?, Why is the Post so circumspect about who is behind Mr. Softee?  Are they Hasids?  Or Albanians?  This story is important., More on ther NY Ice Cream Wars.  Didn't these guys see Comfort & Joy about 2 Italian families having an ice cream war in Scotland?, NYPost article about ice cream wars in NYC.  Friend asked if this was from The Onion.  Yes and No.  Sort of.  The Post  http://t.co/6T5RNoFX, This interview with George Howell is old but very good.  http://t.co/ijvDWsm0, Here's the world's best looking Starbucks.  In Japan.  http://t.co/JjtuMpTX, NYTimes  writes an article about declining school enrollments without mentioning imploding Kansas City, which has spent billions., Pine Tree Frosty has a hot dog basket:  one brown dog, and one Maine Red.  I'll be back tomorrow., Pine Tree Frosty has Smurf Cotton Candy.  "Why is it blue?"  "Like a smurf I guess."  Definitely tastes like cotton candy., "Its illegal to bring out of state firewood into Maine."  "Please move away from the log, sir.", Lounge Lit at MIddlesex.  Right now.  With that nice adam Ragusea.  http://t.co/7v936zLm, Plus I just won a sticky bin by answering a riddle., Our trip to the MAINE KNEADING CONFERENCE is beginning at the Bread Shack in Auburn Me. Perfect!, The Indiana Jones of Coffee is Silas Moulton of Barismo.  So is former scooper Lindey Bolger of Green Mountain.  http://t.co/nNeMslI2, Food & Wine likes us!  http://t.co/rbcScXXc  And Amy's in Texas, Four Seas in Centerville on the Cape., Alan Richman sends people to Princeton for ice cream, Bi Rite in SF, an Army camp in Saigon, Philadlephia & down the street after a truck., There's the French Film Festival,  Women's Film Festival, Jewish Film Festival, Gay Film Festival & French Film Festival again. @ MFA, Aperitivi Stevie at Central Bottle, right now until 9PM  http://t.co/pR47Q9bS  If everyone drank here 02139 would be a better place., Bi Rite Market pulls a switcheroo and creates PUBLIC Label.  These guys have to live in SF, Marcus Samuelson escapes the NYTimes Building to visit Whole Foods River St. on Monday Jul 30 11AM.1PM  I can't resist., Pentecostal Tabernacle is having a Kingdom Concert at 8P in front of Cambridge City Hall.  We're providing ice cream.  They provide the joy., There's a lot of outdoor seating on Mass. avenue by the Lizard Lounge and that street is noisy!  Potholes, speeders, no mufflers.  Ugh., A proud father on Mass. Avenue said his son suggested Maple Hydrox and is now making ice cream at Salt & Straw after going to Reed!, http://t.co/gkLsBNa4 recommends Area Four, Craigie on Main, Brick & Mortar and Bondir.  Don't leave 02139.  http://t.co/n7ukURac, The new issue of GQ has a big article by Alan Richman on The Greatest Dessert on Earth.  On the cover Joseph Gordon Levitt is Eliot Ness., This Sunday is the Awesome Foundation's 3rd Birthday party at the Globe.lab.  https://t.co/NnU0xHkB  Panera bread is a sponsor, More Food Safety Class stuff:  Bacillus cereus is bacteria found in starchy meat products and meat products,  strong perfume can taint food., Just renewed my subscription to the National Dipper.  We don't do all this stuff without advice., Five recommendations from John Moukad in http://t.co/aF7zUtz2  http://t.co/XLn7Kxch, One guy said the Globe article on Todd English was a mashup of Night of the Living Dead and Groundhog Day, Leigh Belanger's new Boston Homegrown Cookbook is being celebrated @ Rendezvous on Jul 24.  Call  (617) 576-1900  Book & meal $40., “@nytimes: On Basketball: Dolan Breaks Faith With Knicks Fans Again http://t.co/TtZS0DIu”  This was great!, Huge crowd at Coolidge for Dr. Strangelove.  Only three of them were played by Peter Sellers., What I learned at Food Safety class:  No fake fingernails, no fingernail polish, rhubarb leaves are deadly, use blue bandaids., Tall MIT scooper Liz Maxwell is off to med school in Columbus., BU Rowing star -and very early scooper- Betsy Marden was in town.  From Chicago, on her way to Concord., I could go bicycling but I have a vision of that big lightning strike.   Not today., After the Food Saferty course we went to Strip T's for a cheap but fabulous lunch, and many jokes about cleaning things., A big group went to Flora for a one day Food Safety course including Vickie Lee, Moira from Sofra and Oleana and others from Lakota Bakery., Chicago and its decline are relevant for many reasons  http://t.co/HpSGc23S, Who knows about this but the video has good color and good cuts until it doesn't  http://t.co/HpSGc23S, Splendeur from Austin with Emma Bleker  http://t.co/YNxLMO5M, Central Sq's Simeon the Tailor is making his annual vacation trip back to Greece, a sign of summer's passing and the imminent return of fall, This summer we are alternating groups of students from Taipei and Beijing.  Their English is a match for our Chinese., How design shapes our travel experiences  http://t.co/RFuMKYOG  The little museum that could., Is anyone really big on The Replacements?  http://t.co/QuOLdoRW  At the Brattle 645PM, Europe says that Dark Chocolate is a health food?  http://t.co/gOUM2SDs, Nancy Pelosi says Dems should skip convention and she will release her own tax returns when she runs for President.  http://t.co/WiWn4V8T, http://t.co/lc62I1hZ  An appreciation of Kitty Wells, country music giant., 7P Dr. Strangelove.  A young James Earl Jones, General Jack D. Ripper, Slim Pickens, fighting in the war room… At the Coolidge.  Mondy, Was the NYT article about the Tumblr genius kid better than the one about the Digg genius kid?  I think so., Are the fava beans in?  Central Sq. Farmers Market today., Secretary of State Clinton pelted with tomatoes.  http://t.co/2WWH3r3H  Shades of VP Nixon., 7P Monday  My absolute favorite movie.  Kubrick's best.  Slim Pickens in Dr. Strangelove at Coolidge.  Sets by Ken Adam,  Keenan Wynn!, Summer is ending and no one told me.  Met parents of BU freshman here for orientation.  820P sunset.  Stop it., One of my all time, slightly verbose favorite movies.  Wings of Desire @ Brattle. Hide from the heat, fly above Berlin, drink beer.  4P 730P, The Phoenix has a nice photo and says nice things about Toscanini's.  http://t.co/hr0Zi1hf, While doing a Volante Farms demo it became clear that a lot of MIT grads and workers move to Needham.  We will follow them wherever they go., George Howell in Newton doesn't have the Frosty George or whatever they call their better frappuccino.  Equiptment problems.  Get a Clover., Japanese tough girl actress dies at 95.  http://t.co/6tedqwe7, Come in before or after the MIT Flea Market.  With or without  a wearable computer., How DC became the District of Corruption.  http://t.co/HiowGxI8, We still have some small cups of Chocolate Rosemary for people who mention Christine Liu or Eater.boston, At Volante farms doing a demo. Greek yogurt on one side and goat cheese ion the other.  Nice people everywhere, A very nice quotation from the departing restaurant critic at the Pittsburgh Post Gazette.  http://t.co/wYl6ia38  From the #1 Penguin fan, News from PTown.  Bear Week was a bit of a bust.  The Bears were overscheduled.  If it weren't for the movie…  Remember Adrian Belew?, Cabs are important.  DC used to have an interesting sytem with zones and ride sharing. http://t.co/4oXulS4I, James Fallows on the myth that elite schools don't recruit athletes.  http://t.co/4oXulS4I, No one seems anxious to talk about the renovation of Harvard's River Houses but it is big bucks.  http://t.co/K6GKhJrJ, For the price of a good way to the airport from the western suburbs we could have had a new subway., The problem with Big Dig overruns like all well-intentioned but costly programs is that soon there's no room to spend on anything you need, Steve Poftak at Boston Magazine argues a few billion here and there doesn't matter with the Big Dig.  http://t.co/OeaWLFJe", The chocolATE ROSEMARY FOR GARY AND AARON IS HERE., French movie without popcorn  http://t.co/onIHesXE
French thriller with popcorn & beer  http://t.co/wE2kS92V
I'll be at the Brattle., If the song was "too long for radio" then Phil Spector just lied.  http://t.co/mCFn12Wa  That was easy., Whoa. Jeni's ice cream is up to $15 a pint., Giving up the scoop  http://t.co/hqipSVc6  Henry Rollins escapes from Hagen Daazs, Probably a spoliler alert to tonight's MFA showing of Belleville Tokyo  http://t.co/h1KhefKl, How Henry Rollins gave up scooping ice cream to become Henry Rollins.  http://t.co/hqipSVc6, More on the Uber truck that delivers to you.    http://t.co/pM3cYZUY, MIT Flea Market comes back on Sunday, between Central Squre and Kendall Sq.
http://t.co/Y7JCY03P, Today is the second Friday of the month and that means the MIT Museum is FREE from 5P.  http://t.co/ezVb9qTH, We interrupt nonstop NPR reports on Woody Guthrie to read this from LAWeekly  http://t.co/0zu3WxzX, Yesterday while in Central Park Eric Ripert met Mimi who said, "Bonjour, chef."  And he replied, "Bonjour madame."  The French movie begins., Eating on Highway 61 by Rick Nelson, but not that Rick Nelson.  Who did great Dylan covers.  http://t.co/mJXbSHL7  Duluth > Grand Marais., There are really 4 or 5 film festivals.  Most films can play at any one.  The French Film Fesitval  http://t.co/gQ8NKrJH,, Tomorrow the Brattle shows Wings of Desire, my favorite long-winded movie.  Let me edit this.  And a well-regarded French Thriller., Tonight's ice cream course at Formaggio's is actually at their secret CIA facility near Fresh Pond., The Vanilla Bee Sting was a Mom's birthday idea for her daughter, once known as Sting because of a misdirected crush on Gordon Sumner., Flushed with success after stopping Inner Belt the Boston establishment spent $24B on The Big Dig, which would have built new subway system., We're giving away fifty 1 scoop cups of Chocolate Fresh Mint to anyone who can mention this tweet.  Remember "Fresh"?, I had to clear my head and walk around Allston between sets before returning for Ethiopian wonder from Debo band.  What a night., Austin's Grupos Fantasma is off to Northampton after burning down and blowing up Brighton Music Hall.  Whee., The Big Gay Ice Cream Truck pardners with Dr. Brendan Mac repair.   What a happy occasion.  http://t.co/pbF4yGty, BU's hardest rockin' anthropologist/accordionist is part of Debo Band at Brighton Music Hall http://t.co/5vKAhiib  tonight, The @uber_BOS promo is a great idea! Let us know if you decide to do it in Cambridge! #02139, Love tennis almost as much as ice cream?  Check out the new iPhone app from our friends at the USTA: 

http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/playtennis.com/id535933059?mt=8, Check out this great press about our new flavor for ROFLcon this weekend! 

http://thephoenix.com/Boston/food/137999-on-the-cheap-nyan-cat-ice-cream-from-toscaninis/, mitchell on a sunny day, not today...., We're closed for renovations until Wed 6 pm- excited to unveil the changes!, null, null, EXTRA burnt caramel, for a limited time!, Brunch is back!  We will be hosting our regular brunches one weekend a month (starting this upcoming weekend).  Stay tuned for a menu update..., Dragon ice cream cake!  This one was inspired by a unicorn cake request earlier this week., Tosci's will be open from 10am until LATE (after midnight) on the 4th!, A poem to start off your Friday.  Just a reminder, no breakfast at the big table this weekend, and we are open late on the 4th, so stop by after the fireworks for some frozen treats!, This just in--Tosci's will open on Wednesday, 6/15 at NOON due to water main work.  Sorry for any inconvenience!, Be sure to come in before the game 7 of the Stanley Cup playoffs to grab some Stanley Chip ice cream!  

In honor of the Bruins, we flavored it with honey (a bear's favorite food), colored it with tumeric and tossed in some chocolate chips (bright yellow and black are the team colors)... with almonds for good measure:)

Go Bruins!, Newest Tosci's product:  Toto Pops.  Popsicles made with fruit juices and our sorbets/ice creams.  

Flavor to try?  Pickled Lime Mango., Cheshire Cat Latte art, via Sophie Lannon, @Sophie Lannon's new coffee cards!, Who wants $10 of Tosci's Ice cream for $5?  , Aside from the fact that Gus' last name is NOT Toscanini, our Burnt Caramel got a great write up in the Serious Eats blog!  It also gives plenty ideas for ice cream road trips!, @Andy Dubyoski mixing it up in the back!, No Breakfast@the big table this weekend:(  We will still be open on our regular hours, just not serving sandwiches, yogurt or OJ., Gus, about to board harvey., Marathon Monday... and all is quiet on the Tosci's front.  Baristas Sophie and Aaron are getting a bit lonely., New flavor from the kitchen:  "The Dude."  (White Russian ice cream containing copious amounts of vodka and kahlua)

Not recommended for consumption by children:), @b.good (with Tosci's ice cream) vs. Ben & Jerry's this Thursday in Harvard Square..., Here is the schedule for Gus' travels tomorrow:

1pm - Leave Toscanini's and head to Fenway
After Fenway, they will drive over to MIT's Medialab.

Look for tweets to find Gus during the day!, b.good has created a decal for their truck... with Gus' face on it!  Word on the street is that there might be a second, unused sticker., Another status update re: Gus and b.good!  

Toscanini's is joining with B Good to make great frappes that will accompany B Good's great sandwiches.  This Friday Gus will be riding, and perhaps driving Harvey the B Good Truck around town to deliver free shakes.  Fenway Park is one destination and probably MIT's Media Lab in Kendall Square.

Shake Shake Shake., Toscanini's and b.good are teaming up!  From b.good's facebook:  

"In 2 weeks, Gus will be the guy making all the ice cream in our shakes. (Yes, we're teaming up with local legends, Toscanini's.) Gus even promised to drive Harvey, our ice cream truck, all over Cambridge giving out free shakes on the day we go live."  

More to follow!, Our very own John G looks askance at the Starbucks Trenta... Fun Factoid: The beverage contains 16mL more liquid than the stomach's average capacity of 900mL., A comic penned by @Sophie Lannon.  Next to "What is a hydrox," this exchange is the most common one overheard at Toscanini's., Sophie Lannon has made a slew of new coffee cards.  Stop in to claim yours!, Vote for your favorite ice cream store!, The sound cuts out just when things start to get good.  Look for more behind-the-counter shenanigans soon!, A new offering for Sunday Brunch @ The Big Table:  Grilled Lamb Sausage, shaved fennel, blood orange with minty yogurt... Lovingly prepared by @Andy Dubyoski., Let us know YOUR vote!  , Purple... is the color of love., Hunky baristas James and Aaron coordinated their outfits this Valentine's Day morning... they are also handing out homemade sugar cookies (vegan varieties too!), All male shift tonight... Come in for a scoop of ice cream with a dollop of bromance., Let us know YOUR vote!  , We make our own fudge here at Toscanini's...  1/2 pints free with every cake, and spooned on top of each sundae.  When one of our double boilers runs out of fudge, we get to make another!  For some staff, this can be the highlight of their shift... I give you 'the art of fudging.', Let us know YOUR vote!  , Chocolate Sluggo is ready to be served..., This just in:  Today's tip battle is between mathematical constants pi and e.  Let the mud-slinging begin., It's one of those mornings... for monster ballads., It's 8:05, we are shoveled out, open, and ready to serve up some hot drinks!, null, A while ago, the citric acid from all that brunch OJ completely ate through our old juicer.  We got a new one, which promptly started injuring employees with its raw juicing power.  A bruised eye here, squished fingers there... we quickly learned that this juicer was not to be trifled with.  Occasionally, we test its strength on various objects in the store.  Here it is extracting juice from a baby cake cone.  Thanks to Tommy, our driver, for pulling the trigger., Let us know YOUR vote!  , Everything you wanted to know about ramen... and more., Tomorrow, Tosci's staff will be putting up their artwork around the store in a show entitled "Staff Infection."  Be sure to stop by and see what your favorite baristas create outside of a coffee mug!, Tron Guy vs Double Rainbow (all the way)

A battle of memes, new and old.  More than one customer commented that they thought Tron Guy looked pretty attractive.  In the end, it appears his charm won out.

Note: see http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3609OtM138c and http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQSNhk5ICTI

Winner:  Tron Guy, The staff restroom is being remodeled... we have an extra 'thinking' seat in the office for the duration; Aaron strikes a thoughtful pose., Janis (Joplin) vs Janice (Muppet)

Yes, I had a childhood crush on the muppet base player.  This battle is ongoing, so head into Tosci's for some hot beverages/cold ice cream and vote!

Winner: Janice (Muppet), Tosci's regular JJ Gonson got a nice writeup in the Boston Dig... Join her and not one, not two, not even three, BUT FOUR attractive Tosci's employees for a night in Valhalla this Saturday!  Sondra, Eliza, Sophie and Aaron will be decked out in Viking garb and serving you delicious local fare., Let us know YOUR vote!  , 1/18/11 Taylor (Swift) vs. Taylor (Lautner)

Despite the fact that most customers knew neither Taylor, we had a number of people request a "Conscientious Objector" Jar.  

Winner: Taylor (Swift), null, Food at 24fps TONIGHT at 6PM: DINNER RUSH (2001). FREE ADMISSION. Location: Adams House Pool Theatre in Harvard Square.

More info at www.food24fps.com, *WHAT IS FOOD AT 24 FRAMES PER SECOND?*  Food at 24fps is a semi-regular series, located in Cambridge, MA, screening classic and/or obscure films about food. Food meisters, chefs, and other generally interesting people who enjoy the pleasures of the table introduce each film. Most screenings will be free, and will be followed by appropriate refreshments when we can swing it. 
For full information about each film, schedule of screenings, directions, and screening times, visit our website: www.food24fps.com, http://tech.mit.edu/V129/N48/makeicecream.html, we're in the globe today:

http://www.boston.com/lifestyle/food/articles/2009/06/03/ice_cream_flavors_spice_things_up/, boston mag says we've got the best strawberry ic, twitter.com/tosci is starting to pick up some steam., lots of chocolate this weekend.  Gianduia, Aztec Chocolate, Dark Chocolate, Belgian Chocolate Sorbet., http://www.tosci.com, null)