List(Support GWISE: on June 4, 2015 20% of your check from Uno's will be donated to the organization and help support its members. Just bring a ticket with you and enjoy the menu!, Did you miss the COE graduation Ceremony? Relive the experience here:, Congratulations to all our May 2015 graduates! We hope to see many of you tomorrow at the Graduation Ceremony., 2015 Graduates: We hope you enjoyed the COE Graduation Ceremony last night. It was a pleasure to host you and your family for this joyous celebration!, FInals week is over! We hope you had the opportunity to stop by our office for coffee and treats this week. 
Grades will be posted on your MyNEU account on May 5, 2015, Good luck to all of you during Final's week! Stop by 130 Snell every day at 2pm for a treat and coffee and a chance to play in the GSE raffle!, Last week of class for the Spring 2015 semester!, We had a great time with you all at the GSE Spring picnic today!
photos will be posted shortly to our website. Have a wonderful weekend., Registration is now open to all continuing students, take action and register early!, The deadline to drop a course with a W grade was April 7, 2015. All courses will now receive a letter grade., Priority Registration for PhD students and MS students with 20SH of completed coursework opens Friday April 10, 2015. Submit your override registration forms early!, Fall registration opens in a few days. Be sure to submit your override registration form early to our office so we can process them before registration open. This will allow you to register for a course as soon as it becomes available., Exciting news! NU is rolling out a new career portal that will soon be used by students and alumni to find employment opportunities and by current students interested in Coop positions. Stay posted for updates!, The Fall 2015 Class Catalog is now available on your MyNEU account. Time to make an appointment with your academic advisor and discuss your Fall 2015 courses! 
Remember that you can submit override registration form to 130 Snell in advance of registration opening. We will process them on a first come first serve basis., 2015 Graduation Class: The application to graduate for May 2015 has now closed. If you are planning on graduating on 5/8/15 you will now need to complete the Late Graduate Form. May and August Graduates who did not apply to graduate by the 3-226-15 deadline will not be guaranteed tickets for the Commencement Ceremony., Grades will be posted to your account tomorrow December 16, 2014, Completing your program in 2015? Apply to graduate as soon as possible if you have not done so already. The application is available in your MyNEU account under the Self-Service tab. The deadline to apply to graduate in January is December 16, 2014, Spring 2015 Priority Registration for COE MS students graduating in 2015 and all PhD students opens tomorrow November 14, 2014. All other students will be able to register for Spring 2015 courses starting Monday November 17, 2014., Registration opens this Friday! Make sure you are ready and have discussed your course selection with your academic advisor. Override registration forms can be submitted to our office now, in advance of registration opening. Use the link to access the form., Plan your Spring 2015 classes now, the Spring class catalog is now available. Schedule a meeting with your academic advisor to discuss your course choices before Registration opens on November 14, 2014, The ISSI is proud to start a program that highlights the unique international scholar community we have here on campus.  On Wednesday, April 16 we will be kicking off our International Scholar Speaker Series and the topic will be Chinese Enterprise.  In this session we are happy to be hosting Yingying Zhang, who is currently a visiting scholar at Northeastern University’s Center for Emerging Markets. Yingying will be joined by her colleague, Yu Zhou a Harvard scholar and an associate professor of human resource strategy at the school of business in Renmin University of China.

ISSI International Scholar Speaker Series Presents:  Chinese Enterprise
Date:  Wednesday, April 16 at 5:30p.m.
Location:  ISSI Lounge, 405 Ell Hall
Space is limited, so please register here: , Dont forget to come pick up your tickets if you RSVP'ed for the GSE Spring Picnic happening next Friday April 18, 2014, RISE 2014
April 10, 2014
10am-2pm
Cabot Center
http://www.northeastern.edu/rise/, Thesis/Dissertations for students graduating in May were due yesterday. Any papers received now will not be guaranteed to be reviewed on time for graduation, Fall 2014 registration is now open to all continuing students. Be sure to discuss your courses with your academic advisor before registering and file any petition or override forms needed., Resume Speed dating events Sponsored bz GWISE is happening March 31, 2014 at 5pm in Raytheon Amphitheater. Required free tickets available via your MyENU account under Ticket Center. You must then upload your resumé to http://www.formpl.us/form/0B3bUKH6Y8_v5VUM5N3lsZzVBNEk  to participate in the event. Dont miss out!
, Check out this great opportunity! 6wks fellowship at the Data Incubator, Today is the last day to submit your application to graduate if you wish to have your name printed in the Commencement Ceremony Program! March 27 is the last day to apply to graduate for May 2014. The application to graduate is found in your MyNEU account under the self-service tab., COE and climate change science, Missed our latest newsletter in your busy inbox? Get all the details here:, Pr. Raymond Fu in the news:
, A reminder that the University and GSE office will be closed Monday February 17, 2014 in observance of President's Day. 

Summer registration will open Tuesday February 18, 2014 via your MyNEU account., Thinking about taking summer classes? The Summer schedule is now available online and registration for continuing students will open February 18, 2014., Today is the last day to drop a course with full refund and without a W grade! Contact your program coordinator before 11:59pm today Monday January 27, 2014 if you encounter difficulties dropping a course., This Saturday, Northeastern University will be hosting a TEDx event (x = independently organized, while licensed by TED) from 1 to 4 pm. Prof. Peter Furth, Civil & Environmental Engineering, will be one of the speakers, on the topic "A Greenway Network for Greater Boston:  A Revolution in Transportation, Health, and Livability." The event is sold out, but there will be live streaming (http://www.tedxnortheasternu.com/) and all are invited to the reception at 4 pm just outside the Raytheon Amphiteater to discuss idea., On academic probation? Your action plan was due to our office by January 14, 2014. A hold is being placed on your account if you have not submitted your form yet and will be removed once it has been received by our office., The last day to add a course online is Sunday January 19, 2014. If you encounter problems registering for your course, you must contact your program coordinator before midnight on January 19, 2014., The new student orientation scheduled for tomorrow January 2, 2013 has been rescheduled for Monday January 6, 2013 due to inclement weather in the area, Northeastern university will close at 2pm and remain closed tomorrow January 3, 2013 due to the winter storm affecting the area. We will reopen on Monday January 6, 2013., Grades for the FA13 semester should now be available for viewing! Have a wonderful winter break, Then end is near! Good luck getting ready for finals week, The Spring 2014 schedule of classes is now available. This is a good time to meet with your advisor and plan your Spring 2014 courses. 
http://www.northeastern.edu/registrar/schedall.html, Have you read and signed our academic policies and procedures? If not a hold is being placed on your account which will prevent you from registering for your Spring 2014 courses., Consider becoming an ISSI student leader for the January orientation activities. more information available here:, Stay up-to-date and check out our latest newsletter, GSE alumn Chet Kanojia will discuss the future of broadcasting via the Profile in Innovation Presidential Speaker Series on October 21, 2013 at 5pm in the Raytheon Amphitheater, Check your inbox for our latest newsletter, full of important updates!, The GSE will be closed Monday October 14 in observance of Columbus day. Enjoy the long weekend and perfect Fall weather! Go apple picking!, The drop deadline for Summer 2 courses is August 5, 2013. Classes dropped after August 5, 2013 will be graded with a W. Contact your program advisor before the deadline, if you encounter difficulties dropping a course., Register now for your Fall 2013 classes!, The last day to apply to graduate at the end of the Summer term is August 15, 2013. Log into MyNEU to complete your application, Registration for continuing students is now open!, null, Completing your degree in August with a dissertation or thesis? Submission deadline to the GSE is August 5, 2013, null, Graduating in August? Be sure to complete the Application to graduate via your MyNEU account. The application will close on August 15, 2013)