List(Just want to give you all an update.... We were forced to release or lease on Franklin st. as the build out in that location is just too overwhelming.  We are looking at 2 other spots in the local area which were already functioning restaurants in the past so we could get in there and open much quicker and for much less of an investment.  It is very disappointing because the Corinthian hall building is so beautiful and would have been a great spot for us. Not to mention all the work that has gone into that project already..Keep your fingers crossed, still hoping to be reopen by late fall., null, Do to unforeseen circumstances, Ab Fab will be closed tonight.  We will keep you informed as to our future on main st.  On a good note we are full steam ahead in our New Franklin St locaton.  We will keep everyone informed as to the GRAND OPENING DATE!!!!, So trivia will finally be happening tomorrow Wednesday March 18th... Sorry for the interruption, So it is confirmed... for those of you who haven't heard, we are RELOCATING!!!!!!  Ab Fab will be relocating to 523 Franklin st Melrose!!!  Soon to be Ab Fab Highlands!!!!!  We will be open thru the spring while we build out our NEW LOCATION!!!!  Hope to see you all there!!!!, Trivia on people!!!!, Lisa love experience rockin out an Ab Fab tonight!!!! Come on down!!!, We have a limited amount of seating remaining for Valentines Day,, call today for your reservation!!!!!, Absolutely Fabulous Valentine's Day Specials 2015
Lobster Vichyssiose $11
w/Pork Lardons Tomato Chervil Salad & Crispy Fried Leeks 

Melenzane Bisque with Crispy Fried Goat Cheese & Olive Gremolata $8

 Beef Carpaccio & Arugula Salad
 w/ Shaved Romano Red Onion Capers and Truffle Oil $ 12

 Seared Tuna & Pickled Shrimp Nicoise $ 13
 Purple Potatoes, Cerignola Olives, Frenched Beans & Hard BoiledEgg w/ Fried Shallot Vinaigrette

Charred Jumbo Scallop
 over Radicchio Risotto with Porcini Mushroom Flambe $15

Chianti Short Rib Gnocchi Bolognesse  $13
  
Lump Crab & Sweet Corn Rangoon $13
 with Avocado & Smoked Tomato Creme 

Parma Prosciutto Wrapped & Roasted Endive $12
 w/ Pistachios and Balsanic Glaze  

Butternut Squash Ravioli $10
 with Brown Butter Sage Sauce & Dried Cranberries 

Ab Fab Steak & Cheese $12
 with French Tripple Cream Cheese and Mushroom Duxelle 

Chicken Cordon Bleu $25
 w/ Gruyere Cheese Country Ham and Grainy Mustard Sauce

Ab Fab Filet of Beef $29
w/ Creamed Spinach Mashed Potatoes and Seasonal Vegetable

Eggplant Rollatini with Crispy Garlic Toast $22

Duo of Cedar Plank Salmon $26
 w/ 2 glazes Roasted Butternut and Beet Risotto Cake

Cocoa Rubbed Duck Breast $27
 w/ a Cherry Compote, Della Catta Squash & Roasted Root Vegetable Quinoa

Ab Fab 16oz Ribeye $ 26
w/ Drambuie Demi over Mashed with & Fried Leeks Sauteed Green Beans

Dijon Crumb Crusted Lamb w/ Seared Scallops $28
over Celeryroot & Cauliflower Puree with Walnut Green Beans

Lobster Shrimp & Scallop Gratin $32
 with Carmalized Sherry Creme and Thyme Crumbs

Chocolate Marble Bread Pudding
 with Red Raspberry Creme Anglaise $12

Duo of Creme Brulee
 with Biscotti Fresh Berries $12

Italian Napoleon $12
 with Lemoncello Sabignon Fresh Fruit & Pizzelle 

Flourless Chocolate Cardoman Spice Cake $12
 with Mascerated Berries & Cream 

Dulce De Leche Fondue $12
with Pretzels, Pound Cake, Strawberries, Marshmallows & Clementines, Sorry folks... No trivia again tonight....:(, sorry everyone but trivia has been cancelled for tonight!!!, Tonight's entertainment is Tony Gallo, you don't want to miss them! 

Absolutely Fabulous Specials

Drink of the Week: Blueberry Lemonade $10
Muddled Blueberries, Blueberry Vodka & Lemonade

Wine Special
90+ Sauvignon Blanc, Lot 112, California $25 Btl 

Soup Du Jour C$5/B$7
Cream of Tomato
With Manchego Grilled Cheese

Special Salad $11
Baby Arugula Salad with Blood Orange, Pistachios 
& Ricotta Salada

Appetizer $11
Pulled Pork & Grilled Pineapple Pizza

Entree
 Bone in Pork Chop $23
Cornbread Stuffing over Orange Glazed Sweet Potato
Seasonal Vegetables

Roulade of Salmon  $25
Spinach & Roasted Peppers 
 Grainy Mustard Sauce & Green Beans, Great Music Tonight By Run Johnny Run!
Come be Amazed at their Talent

Absolutely Fabulous Specials

Martini of the Week: Mexican Cosmo $10
Tequila, Orange Liqueur, Fresh Lime & Cranberry

Beer Special $7
Dark Truth Stout, 9.7%, Boulevard Brewing, Kansas City, MO 

Soup Du Jour C$5/B$7
Granny Smith Apple, Celery Root & Parsnip  

Special Salad $11
Panzanella Olive Bread Salad
Fresh Tomatoes, Baby Arugula  
Truffle Scented Ceasar Dressing & Shaved Red Onion

Appetizer $12
 Chicken Satay
Pickled Diakon Salad & Toasted Peanuts

Entree
Mushroom Torteloni $21
Fresh Tomatoes & Spinach in a Mushroom Duxelle Cream Sauce

Crispy Panko Crusted Veal Braciole $25
Prosciutto, Asparagus & Mozzarella over Creamy Polenta, trivia Wednesday with Amanda. Come have dinner, a drink and test your smarts., Warm up this Saturday in our lounge watching the Pats, followed by the amazing Mike Maven and the Young Pandas! Always Amazing! See you there, Looking for comfort food on a cold night, well we have it. Come on down for trivia too, New Years Eve Reservations still Available
call 781-620-0940

NYE MENU

Appetizers
Pan Seared Scallops over Saffron Risotto with Crispy Fried leeks $13

Beef Carpaccio w/ Red Onion, capers, Arugula & Truffle Oil $14

Stuffed Artichoke Three Way $11

Gnocchi Bolognese Alforno w/ Braised Short Rib $12

AbFab Cheese Board w/ Grapes, Berries, Candied Nuts & Local Honey Comb $14

Shrimp & Mango Ceviche with Jicama Slaw $13

Petite Filet Mignon w/ Chive Herb Butter $15

Mediterranean Style Fried Calamari $12

Soup & Salads
Lobster Bisque with Sherry Cream $9      Italian Wedding $6 

AbFab Beet Salad; Arugula, Marinated Beets, Ricotta Salada & Spiced Pecans $12

Waldorf Salad: Radicchio, Fennel, Apples & Crumbled Blue Cheese $12

Baby Green Salad: Baby Greens, Goat Cheese, Braised Pears & Candied Walnuts $12

Entrees
Duo of Cedar Plank Salmon: Pomegranate Risotto cake & Seasonal Veg $28

Dijon Crusted Rack of Lamb: Roasted Potatoes & Baby Vegetable $29

1 1/2LB Baked Stuffed Lobster: Citron Thyme Crumbs w/ Shrimp & Scallops $31

Filet Mignon: Creamed Spinach, Mashed Potatoes & Vegetables $28

Chianti Braised Short Ribs: Creamy Polenta & broccoli Rabe $28

Chicken Cordon Bleu: Country Ham, Asiago Cheese, Grainy Mustard Sauce, Mashed Potatoes $25

Seafood Fradiavlo: Shrimp, Scallops, Fish, Calamari, Mussels & Clams In a Spicy Marinara Sauce over Pasta $27

Red Currant Duck Breast:  Mushroom Risotto & Seasonal Veg $28

Beef Wellington: Marbled Mashed Potatoes & Baby Vegetables $32, Tonight we are celebrating Lena's 70th birthday! If you love her, or her meatballs, or just like to eat and drink come to Abfab tonight. Lena's Favorite band, The Back Track Band will will playing at 8!

Cheers!, Don't Miss out
Make your New Year's Eve Reservations Now! 
Call 781-620-0940, Come Rock out to the Lisa Love Experience tonight! starts around 8ish.

And enjoy some delish specials
Absolutely Fabulous Specials

Drink of the Night: Lisa Love Potion #9 $10
Raspberry Vodka, Fresh lime, Triple Sec & Fresh Berry Puree

Beer of the Week $5
Baxter Phantom Punch Winter Stout, Lewiston ME 6.8%
Leinenkugal Snowdrift Vanilla Porter, Wisconsin 6.0%

Soup Du Jour C$5/B$7
Clam Chowder 
with Lardons & Chive

Special Salad $11
Baby Spinach, Pomegranates, Blueberries,
Spiced Pecans & Blueberry Goat Cheese

Appetizer $13
Cornmeal Crusted Chili Rellenos
Roasted Pepper Dave Couliers

Entree
Guinness Glazed Pork Chop $24
Marbled Mash, Panko Crusted Apple Rings

Grilled Citron Swordfish $26
Vermicelli Cake, Seasonal Veg & Crawfish Etouffee, The Cupid Undie Run comes to Melrose TONIGHT. We will be guest bartending at Absolutely Fabulous to help raise money for the Children's Tumor Foundation. Come out and meet Boston's NF hero Ella. We promise it will be fun! Lots of goodies and give aways. Catch up with friends before the holidays begin! GREAT RAFFLES AND ALWAYS A GREAT CAUSE, null, null, Tonight we have one of our favorite bands. 
The Back Track Band! Come hear them sing the Oldies, Absolutely Fabulous Specials
 
Martini of the Night: Candy Apple $10
Grey Goose Citron, Pressed Apple Juice, Fresh lemon with Homemade Toffee Syrup
 
Beer of the Week
Sam Adams Fat Jack Double Pumpkin 8.5% Boston, MA 
Baxter Brewing Stowaway IPA 6.9% Lewiston, ME
 
Wine Special $25/BTL
90+ Chardonnay Lot 99 Sonoma CA
90+ Cabernet Sauvignon Lot 53  Mendoza Argentina
 
Soup Du Jour C$5/B$7
Parsnip Celery Root & Apple Bisque with Crispy Parsnip Chips
Special Salad $11
 
Iceberg Wedge 
 Crispy Bacon, Roasted Corn, Grape Tomatoes
Tortilla Crisps with Jalapeno Ranch Dressing
 
Appetizer $12
La Mancha Beef Skewers
Fried Manchego and Bloody Mary Sauce
 
Entree
Abfab Chicken Pot Pie $22
Root Vegetables & Peas with Puff Pastry, Carrots & Brussel Sprouts
 
Maple Molasses Pork Chops $23
Cranberry Pear Chutney over Marble Mashed Potatoes with Roasted Brussel Sprouts, This Weekend's Music Line Up
Music Starts at 8pm
Friday 10/10 Joey Pappas Band
Saturday 10/11  Cool Change featuring Joanie Cicatelli, What a weekend at Absolutely Fabulous, We are rolling out our Fall Menu...Short Ribs... Chicken Livers...Chicken Madeira! and many more....Come in and Check it out, This weekend's Music Line up, 
Music starts at 8pm
Friday 10/3 Sean Fullerton
Saturday 10/4 Acoustic Overkill, Absolutely Fabulous Specials

Martini of the Night: Dirty Texan $10
Tito’s Texan Vodka, Olive Juice, 
Trio of Bacon Cream Cheese Stuffed Olives

Beer of the Week $5
Sam Adams Rebel IPA 6.5% Boston, MA 
Baxter Brewing Hayride Autumn Ale 6.6% Lewiston, ME

Wine Special $25/BTL
90+ Chardonnay Lot 99 Sonoma CA
90+ Cabernet Sauvignon Lot 53 Mendoza Argentina

Soup Du Jour C$5/B$7
Potato leek Soup with Scallion Fritters

Special Salad $11
Abfab Waldorf: Bibb Lettuce, Radicchio, Apples, Celery Root & Walnuts finished in creamy Honey Lemon dressing 

Appetizer $13
Crispy Asian Perogies
Potato, Cabbage & Scallion Perogie w/ Traditional Kim Chee & Char Siu Pork

Entree

Tuscan Primavera $19
Grilled Chicken, Artichokes, Hen of the Woods Mushrooms, Peas,
Tomatoes & Eggplant with Cavatelli in Madeira Wine Sauce

Blue Cornmeal Dusted Fish & Chips $24
House Made Tarter Sauce & Jicama Mango Slaw, Absolutely fabulous will be closed to the public this Saturday august 23. We are hosting a private event! Thank you for your patronage!, Please join the abfab family to wish Allison Burke well in her new job at Stephie's in Southie! her last day at absolutely fabulous is this coming wednesday June 18. Come on down have a drink, play some trivia, wish Manny strouloupouslousousousous ( oh please none if you could spell his name either)a happy birthDAY as well as Allison who's birthday on Thursday! All the cool kids will be somewhere else but well be at Abfab! Abfab opens. At 5 trivia STARTS AT 7, Come on out tonight for a fun time wuth Red Stag Light!!! Melrose own Melissa (Perillo) Ruscio on the mic with Brenden Bowler.  Great song list and always a good crowd!!  Hope to see you all there!!!, Don't miss out on cool change tonight featuring Joanie Cicatelli! Unbelievable voice and always a good time!, This weekends band line up

Tonight 

RUN JOHNNY RUN
great funk Motown band

Saturday
COOL CHANGE
don't miss the oppuntunity to hear Joanie Cicatelli sing! One of our favorites!, looking for some good music for the weekend, look no further

tonight Friday is Back Tracks! Play all the oldies, but goodies and are so much fun

Saturday Grand Theft Audio, Great Acoustic duo/Trio! They play everyones favorites! See you there, weekend specials

Absolutely Fabulous Specials

CHECK OUT OUR NEW DRINK MENU!!!!!

Beers of the Week $7
Boulevard Double Wide IPA 8.5%    Boulevard 80 Acre 5.5%

Soup Du Jour

Pear Bisque with Gorgonzola Fritter

Special Salad 

Composed Nicoise Salad $13
Poached and Smoked Salmon, Olives, Baby Greens, 
Hard Boiled Eggs, Roasted Fingerlings

Appetizer

Apricot Glazed Ribs $12
Jicama & Mango Slaw

Entree

 Chicken & Eggplant Napoli $25
Chicken Cutlets layered with Eggplant, Prosciutto, and Mozzarella
With Pesto Cream & Garlic Bread 

Surf~N~Turf $30
Petite Filet Mignon & Baked Lobster Alforno
Scampi Butter & Asparagus, Another new one: black rose! 
rose wine stoli raz muddled like and blackberries, One of our new cocktails from the summer drink list, whatamelon!
Cucumber vodka, st germain, fresh lime and fresh watermelon juice!, COME CHECK OUT OUR NEW DRINK/MARTINI MENU!, Crab and avocado martini with tomato, crispy carrot string and bacon dust! Yum, PROUD TO REVIEW THE BAND LINE UP FOR THE WEEKEND, TWO OF OUR FAVS TONIGHT, Friday IS MIKE MAVEN AND THE YOUNG PANDAS AND SATURDAY IS GRASSROOT!, Abfab bruins bar food specials
For tonight's game

Meatball parm sub on garlic bread roll$10

Flatbread pizzas
Cheese $10

Chicken cutlet broccoli Alfredo $14

Honey buffalo or Asian popcorn chicken with blue cheese dipping $9, Amanda Goggin, Allison Burke  Angela Ramunno DeRuosi Donato Ventresca Scott Shaw Lori Muse Justeane Tanso Kristine Fantasia  share if I forgot anyone!, Tonight is bruins game 7!we cancelled trivia for the night, plan on bruins being on the projection tv, and the other 2 tvs as well!! no band, no trivia, no fuss.....just Black & Yellow fever! go bruins.... puck drop is 7pm! see you there, May music schedule

May 2nd tony gallo
May 3rd acoustic overkill
May 9th Janine graham jazz
May 10th poor boys
May 16th mike mace and the young            
pandas
May 17th grass root
May 23rd back tracks
May 24th grand theft audio
May 30th run Johnny run
May 31st cool change, Come down tonight and help support the fifty shades of pink breast cancer walk, or Jason Cory and Andrea celebrating running the marathon yeaterday, or get your commemorative  26.2 Sam Adams pint glass($5 donation)!!!, Tonight we are featuring acoustic overkill! Great duo that plays everyone's favorite hits!!, Absolutely Fabulous Specials for this Weekend!

Martini of the Night: Lychee Tini $10
Vodka, Cointreau, White Cran Juice, & Lychee Fruit

Beers of the Week, 
Boulevard Dark Truth Stout 9.7% $7  
 Boulevard Double Wide Ipa 8.5% $7
Dog Fish Head Midas Touch Ale 9.0% $7

Soup du Jour: $5 cup/ $7 bowl
Vietnamese Spicy Shrimp Pho
Vermicelli Rice Noodles, Mai Basil, Red & Yellow peppers, 
Crispy Fried Shrimp & Green Onions

Special Salad $11
Baby Spinach, Mandarin Oranges, Wasabi Peas, Cashews, & Red Peppers
Finished in Sweet Chili Vinaigrette

Appetizer
Hoisin Pork Wontons with Ponzu Sauce $12

Entrees:

 Abfab Moo Shu Duck $25
Sticky Rice with Cabbage, Carrots, Watercress & Baby Bok Choy

Tuna Dragon Style $27
With Avacado, Wasabi Tobiko, Mango & Coconut Rice, & Sauteed Pea Shoots, Come on come all Lisa live experience is at abfab tonight! Starts at 8/830!, We are proud to announce the music for this weekend! Mike Maven and the Young pandas tonight and Joanie Cicatelli with Cool Change Saturday! Either way you don't want to miss either of them!, Abfab trivia fun giveaways tonight 7-9!!, Wednesday March 19th trivia will be canceled. Sorry for any inconvience! Will resume following week.., Come Check Out our New Spring Menu!!!, Was notified about a cool review on Absolutely Fabulous....

Voices of the Bar," BBA Week, Mar. 6, Mentioned: Bob Ruzzo
Where is your favorite place to grab a bite (or a drink) in Greater Boston?
"Absolutely Fabulous on Main Street in Melrose is just that. It offers two experiences in one location: a 'high vibe' live entertainment bar scene and an intimate dining area featuring 'honest Italian food with a sophisticated global twist.' Can't make it to the hub of the universe? (that's Melrose, sports fans) Jaywalk across Beacon Street from the BBA headquarters and have lunch at Scollay Square. 

Thanks Bob Ruzzo!, Tonight.. Absolutely Fabulous Trivia starts at 7pm with Amanda Goggin, michelle on the bar, Tania & Angela serving up those tables. Hope to see you all there!, Tonight Michelle & Amanda will be behind the bar with Jason Buggy to help him raise money for run for research, and support him in running the Boston Marathon! Amazing auction items and raffles! Many people will be supporting the marathon and the people of Boston in running this amazingly tough race, please come support a great man for a great cause! Starts at 7...promises to be a good time, Looking for great food and drink and a killer funky Motown band...look no further.... Run Johnny run is on at 8 tonight, snap and mugsy Saturday at 8!, Looking for great food and drink and a killer funky Motown band...look no further.... Run Johnny run is on at 8 tonight, snap and mugsy Saturday at 8!, Did you miss the debut of the all new Trivia Night with Amanda Goggin at Absolutely Fabulous last week?! No worries!! You can join in the fun tonight at 7:00pm!! Hope to see you all there!!!, For all of our fantastic customers who have begged for it!!! Here it is this !!!
Samoa Girl Scout cookie martini, Absolutely fabulous will be closed this evening due to snow and having no computer system or credit card processing. Thank you for your patronage, Absolutely fabulous will be. Loses due to snow and having no computer system thanks for your patronage, Valentines day menu, Call for reservations 781-620-0940, We are Currently Accepting Resevations for valentines Day but Spots are filling fast...Heres the V-day Menu

Absolutely Fabulous
Starters
Charred Sea Scallops over Risotto, Sweet pea Tarragon Cream and Crispy Fried Onions $14

Asiago stuffed Meatballs over pesto Cream with Marinara $12

Tuna Poke Salad Wonton Chips, Wasabi Tobiko & Ponzu Reduction $14

Pineapple Chipotle Pork Tamale Pico de Gallo & Avacado Crème $13

Firecracker Shrimp Sweet & Spicy Chili  & Crispy Pea Tendrils $13

Soup/Salad Course

Duo of Roasted Red & Yellow Pepper with Crème Fraiche Heart $7/$10

Winter Beet Salad Baby Arugula, Ricotta Salada, Slivered Radishes & Spiced Pecans $11

Abfab Baby Green Salad Goat Cheese, Candied Walnuts & Roasted Pear $11

Baby Spinach Salad Fresh Strawberries, Blackberries, and Raspberries with Almond Crusted Goat Cheese $12

Entrees

House made Pappardelle Pasta  Wild Mushrooms, Asparagus Tips, Roasted Tomatoes & Grilled Eggplant $25

Abfab Seafood Fradiavlo Shrimp, Scallop, Clams, Mussels, Calamari & Cod in Spicy Marinara tossed with Linguini $28

16oz. Angus Ribeye Steak Cabernet Garlic Butter with Pomme Frites and Green Beans $30

Dijon Crumb Crusted Rack of Lamb over Rosemary Polenta & Sauteed Green Beans $34

Beef Wellington with Mushroom Duxelle over Marbled Mashed Potatoes $32

Pan Seared Duck Breast Duck Confit & Parsnip Strudel & Baby Vegetables $30

Bone in Frenched Venison Chops  Red Currant Port Gasrtrique, Celery Root Mashed, Puff Pastry Heart & Asparagus $34

Baked Stuffed Lobster Alforno Chervil Butter $34

Happy Valentine’s Day, Now taking reservations for Valentines Day. we have openings in our 5pm, 7pm, and 9 pm seatings. Back Tracx(oldies thru current music) will be in the lounge. Please call asap to get a table...781-620-0940, ATTENTION TRIVIA PLAYERS: Due to the inclement weather trivia tonight is cancelled. AbFab will be open tonight with a limited staff. Please travel safe and observe local parking rules during the storm if you're going to head downtown to visit us., ATTENTION TRIVIA PEEPS: I sadly have to cancel trivia due to illness. I'd much rather see your darling faces than be stuck home ill. It just means the questions next week will be more difficult. See you all next week. Jason., Now that Christmas and New Years are over... TRIVIA is BACK TONIGHT!!!! The fun starts at 7PM!, Still tickets available! Call for yours before they sell out!, null, Santa brought me some help for trivia 2014! Merry Christmas everyone!, null, Ring in 2014 with Absolutely Fabulous.  All you can eat buffet featuring cuisine from Italy, France and China and a grand dessert station.  Champagne toast at midnight and music.  Tickets are $75.00 per person.  Contact us for more information., Congratulations to Manny Stathoulopoulos! Manny won the wine basket. 100% of the money raised is going to the Gilbert Family Education Fund! 

I am so proud and humbled to announce that because of the generosity of so many, $1,000 has been raised for the Gilbert Family Education Fund. Thank you all so much!!  Jason, A few things:

The last trivia of 2013 is tonight! The fun starts at 7 PM! 

Also, tonight is the last night to purchase tickets for the Wine Basket (actual basket shown) benefiting the Gilbert Family Education Fund.  The drawing will take place this evening after trivia.  I will be selling tickets up to the time I pull the name (around 8:15/8:30 PM)

I am truly humbled and appreciative by the support and donations received .  Sandy was a wonderful friend and I  along with many miss her terribly! 

Jason, The drawing is tomorrow! See Michelle Marcoulier Shaw tonight at Absolutely Fabulous to purchase a ticket! I will be selling tickets tomorrow up until the drawing tomorrow! 

This fund is for three amazing kids! Your support is much appreciated! , This is the wine basket in am selling raffle tickets for. $10 a ticket and the proceeds go to the Gilbert Family Education Fund. The drawing is this Wednesday at 8:30pm. I will be at AbFab tomorrow and Wednesday or you see Michelle Marcoulier Shaw on Tuesday. Thank you all for your support!! Jason, Only a few days left to purchase raffle tickets. The drawing will be held Wednesday, December 18th after Trivia. Tis the season... stop by or contact me to purchase tickets to support my dear friends family! XO, Baby it's cold out there... stop in for dinner tonight and warm up with a nice bowl of Apple Butternut Squash Bisque and a yummy martini..., Awesome weekend planned at AbFab this weekend! It all starts off with BackTrack tonight! Stop in and enjoy this awesome band! The fun starts at 8PM, As a reminder, Absolutely fabulous will be closed to the public tonight, Friday 11/29/13 and Saturday 11/30/13. We proudly will be hosting Melrose class of '88 reunion tonight and Saturday two of our favorite people will be saying I Do at Absolutely Fabulous!!!!, Hey Everyone. We will be raffling off a wine basket. The donation is $10.00 and proceeds are to go to the Gilbert Family Education Fund in honor of the late Sandy Gilbert. See Jason/Michelle/ Lori or Lena for more details or to purchase your raffle ticket. 

 Sandy Gilbert was a member of the Melrose community for over 20 years. Teaching at the Ripley and Franklin Schools and working at JJ Grimsby's and Absolutely Fabulous. Sandy recently lost her ferocious battle with cancer. This fund was established so that her three children could carry out one of her wishes that they attend and graduate college. 

 Thanks for your support!
 Jason, The gift giving season is fast upon us. Absolutely Fabulous gift certificates make the perfect gift. Stop by and pick up some. Purchase $150.00 or more in gift certificates and be entered in to win a holiday wine basket. 

 Also, wine baskets will be available to purchase. Contact us for more details. Supplies are limited., With a heavy heart, I report that the Good Lord has taken the soul of our beloved friend and member of the AbFab family, Sandy Gibert. Sandy died at home, last evening around 6PM. Thus ended Sandy's ferocious battle with cancer. With an unbendable will, she battled the disease every day: even until the end. I am humbled by her extraordinary strength. Please keep her family in your hearts as they deal with the loss of this amazing woman., What do you and the Red Sox possibly have in common?  Being champions.  But you can only be a champion if you come in and play trivia tonight!!!!!! That is right it is Trivia Wednesday! The fun starts at 7PM.  Come on in and see if you are as smahht as Marty Walsh thinks you ahhhh!, Game 6 and Trivia tonight: As of right now I have two members of Melrose Madness and one member of Beantown Braves  confirmed playing.    

If any other team is planning on playing, please let me know.  If there is a quorum then trivia will commence at EXACTLY 7PM tonight., It is with regret that I have to cancel trivia tonight.  A sore throat, achy bones and congestion have defeated me! But stop in and see Allison! Show her some love and watch the Sox! 

See you all next week! 

J

GO SOX!!!!!, It's HUMP DAY! You know what that means?  TRIVIA!!!!!!!!! The fun starts at 7ish!  Get there early to secure a table! See you soon!, What is better than a chocolate, coconut banana eggroll with a dulce de leche dip? Nothing! Come in and try it out!, The Lisa Love Experience is back at AbFab tonight! Call for reservations! You don't want to miss her rock lunging!, It's freezing out! You know what warms you up? Noooo not a cup of Italian wedding soup.  Noooooo not a yummy martini.  Noooooo not butternut squash ravioli... TRIVIA DOES!!!!!! The fun starts at 7ish! Come on in and see how wicked smahhhhhht you is., null, Thanks Ellen Holtzman for mentioning us in the AAA newsletter! 

http://www.aaahorizons.com/content.cfm?a=1933, Guess what's back tonight?  The correct answer is TRIVIA!!!!!!!!!!!!  Hope to see most of you at 7PM! 

All new categories tonight!!!!!!, For all you that have been asking when Grand Theft Audio will be playing at Abfab again(because they really are a great acoustic band)....well your in luck they are back tonight saturday September 28th at abfab!, Don't miss getting to meet the local artist that transforms Abfab's walls. Saturday sept 28th 12:30-4:30. Live reggae by Riki Rocksteady... Food...drinks...Tami Elaine Prince, It's Trivia Wednesday! Come on in and have some brain fun! The food and drinks are pretty good too! So come in and see us! Fun starts at 7ish!, Bra and panty party!! Now that we have your attention, absolutely fabulous will be collecting NEW bras, panties(underwear) and socks for a woman's shelter in Boston Thursday thru Saturday at the restaurant! We understand life is busy and hectic so we will also have a panty tree, where you can  donate $1,$5 or any domination. If your coming in for dinner or drinks or just passing by, stop in and see Michelle at the bar!! Imagine life with the essentials like bras panties and socks... Any size, color, style needed!!! Thanks everyone for reading!!!, You what is better than this heat?  Well nothing actually.  But coming in tonight for Trivia and Trivia Tini's come in at a close second! The fun starts at 7ish!!! Hope to see you there!, Hey Folks:  Just a friendly reminder not to send us a request reservations or book catering events in a private message on Facebook.  Like many people we update this page primarily through our smart phones and we don't see private messages.  Last thing we want is for you think we are ignoring your request!  Please call us at 781-620-0940 for reservations!!!!  Thanks!, Acoustic Open Mic is Tonight!!! Starts at 7:30PM!, What happens when you mix Shipyard Pumpkin, Stoli Vanil/Salted Carmel Vodka, Cinnamon Sugar Rim and Trivia Wednesday all together?  A night of FUN and LAUGHTER!!!!!!! Stop and have a few Shipyards and play trivia!!! The fun starts at 7ish!!!!!, So I hear michelle is making her  spiced pumpkin pudding parfaits with stoli vanilla for the bar tonight....come and get them....also great new band tonight. If your not away this weekend Abfab is the place to be!!!, Stop in this weekend for some great music and food! We have Shipyard PumpkinHead on tap, the cinnamon sugar for the rim and Stoli Vanil or Salted Carmel waiting to top it off.  Celebrate Labor Day with AbFab!, Lena's back in town!!! Come on dw down, An old friend , shipyard pumpkin is back in town and he brought friends stoli vanilla and stoli salted caramel!!!!! Yum, Labor Day weekend Line up at AbFab!
Thursday Night Acoustic Open Mic w/host Mike Walsh. Featured Performer is "Lost and Lonely" 
Friday Night is the Joey Pappas Blues Band  8-11PM
Saturday Night is Open Mic night favorites "Two Introverts" with Nick Wright and Brian Toney. 8-11PM, It's TRIVIA WEDNESDAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Two new categories to try out tonight and NO Priscilla NOT Dick Van Dyke!  Can't wait to see my favorite teams tonight!, Everyone misses Auntie., Look who came to visit., This weekend at AbFab!
This Thursday and Every Thursday - Acoustic Open Mic with host Mic Walsh. Going into it's 4th year at AbFAb if you haven't checked it out you should. Great talent! Starts at 7:30PM
Friday Night - They're Back! Track!  Backtrack that is! This great ensemble group flashes back to some great songs from the 50's and 60's - Retro Cool!
Saturday Night - Something New!! DJ Doug Trasher will be spinning from 8 to 11:30PM~ yup a DJ at AbFab!!, It's Trivia Wednesday!!!!! Another new category added this week! Let's see how well you are in... well you'll have to wait until 7PM to see.  Team Honey Badger will not be in attendance AGAIN this week.  But they will be back next week! Can't wait to see my other 3 favorite teams CC, GG, MM!!!, Congratulations to the best bartender in Melrose, Michelle! Today she marries the love of her life!!! We wish Many years of love and happiness to Michelle and Scott! Love you!!!!, Tonight! Thursday! August 15th! It's the 3 year anniversary of the AbFab Acoustic Open Mic hosted by Mike Walsh!! 3 great years, always fun, lots and lots of talented players. Great food, Great bar, great friends! Starts around eight and goes till it ends., Are you ready for some TRIVIA???????????   The fun starts tonight at 7PM.  Please be sure to arrive prior to the start of trivia (7PM) for prompt and attentive food and drink service., null, null, Summer Weekend Entertainment!
 Acoustic Open Mic! Thursday! w/host Mike Walsh. Come in and listen to some of the best Acoustic Open Mic guitar players and singers in the area! Always a great time! Starts at 7:30 PM.
 Friday Night! New! Britannica! A fantastic duo from the North Shore playing all the hits from the 60's British Invasion. Beatles, Moody Blues, Zombies.
 Saturday Night - Blonde on Blue. They're back! Acoustic Duo
 w/ Julie D'Alessandro singing and Dave Hanlon playing the guitar.
 Drop in and visit with the best Restaurant and Bar Staff in Melrose!, Hey folks it's trivia Wednesday!!!!! Couple of new categories tonight! The fun starts around 7ish! Try to stop in before 7PM so you can secure your seat and get some great food/drink/service BEFORE trivia starts!, Hey folks we are closed for a private party tonight! Stay cool!!! We will see you all Monday!!!, null, Hi All:  It's Jason.  I spoke with Lena last night.  She is in some pain but in great spirits.  She was very appreciative of all of the love and kind words of encouragement.  The nurses had her up and walking around yesterday and are amazed at how well she is doing so quickly!! Thanks again for all the love and support!  Only about 5 weeks until she returns... but who is counting?  I'll keep you all posted!, UPDATE: Lena's surgery was a sucess. She is sutting up, the breathing tube is out and may be moved to a regular room today. She is in a lot of pain but in good spirits! Her family thanks everyone for all the well wishes. I will post more on her progress in the days ahead!, We just got word from Lena's family she went into the operating room at 4:45. We will not have an update until tomorrow morning. She thanks everyone for their well wishes and prayers. I'll keep you posted as soon as we hear anything! J, Sending warm wishes and hopes for a speedy recover to Auntie Lena today! For those of you that don't know, she is going in for heart surgery today to repair an valve! She'll be out for 6-8 weeks!!! Don't worry... she left the recipe for her meatballs and sauce! We already miss you!!!!, This weekends entertainment!
Thursday - Acoustic Open Mic w/ Mike Walsh - Oldies night!
Friday - Grassroot Duo! - 2 or 3 of the members of Grassroot performing Acoustic numbers.
Saturday -Janine Graham - Jazz Trio!!, null, HAPPY TRIVIA DAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Stop in tonight and test your brain! All new categories tonight!!!! I hope you know a lot of useless information!  The fun starts at 7PM!There are more bonus questions too!!! Will you be able to tell what your "Trivia Tini" is? Stop in and show Me, Alison and Tania some love!, I can't wait to be back tonight after I've had a long few weeks off!! Bring on the martinis... I'm rested!! ~michelle, It's Trivia Wednesday!!!!!!!! Eat your Wheaties today Triviaholics! There will be a couple of new categories and a twist of an old favorite! The fun starts at 7ish!!!!!, After a nice relaxing few days off we are open and may look a little different inside! We did our best to hide Donnie, although you may still hear him! 

Guess what tomorrow is... TRIVIA WEDNESDAY!!!!! Tell all your friends! Come on in and say good-bye to two of our trivia regulars on the Golden Girls Jen and Jane as they pack up and move west!!!! The fun starts at 7-ish... OK time to research trivia questions!!! See you tomorrow!, The weekend starts on Thursdays at AbFab!! 
Tonight - Acoustic Open mic w/ host Mike Walsh. Starts at 7:30PM
Friday - Mike Maven returns to AbFAb!  8 -11:30PM
Saturday - Maureen Pilots Jazz group-Pilot's people., It's Trivia Wednesday!!!!! Come in with your thinking cap on and try one of our new cocktails or 4! The fun starts at 7ish!, Thursday Nights! It's Acoustic Open MIc Night! Every Thursday join host Mike Walsh and some of greater Boston's best musicians! Mike starts at 7:30PM and the Open mic players start around 8:15PM. Join us for a night of great entertainment at AbFab!, Who want's to play trivia?  Stop in tonight at 7PM!!!!!!!!! The B's will be on in the background for you sports fans!  Trivia should be done by the time the puck is dropped! Come on in!!!!, Want to watch the Bruins beat Chicago, they come to Abfab tonight. No band, just bruins!!! Go Bs!!, Trivia, Bruins, Great food, great fun, great people oh and yummy drinks! All in one night ...can you stand it Melrose?, It's Wednesday. You know what that means!!! Trivia!!!!! Joanie Brown Cicatelli will be guest hosting! I'll be back next week! Go down with your drinking... Errr thinking caps on! See you next Wednesday! J, Special Entree: Double Grilled Duck Breast. Served over cherry quinoa, fiddleheads and finished in a nectarine jam, Entree Special: AbFab Surf 'N Turf. New York Sirloin, seafood stuffed mushroom (jumbo lump crab, tiger shrimp and scallop) with mashed potato and asparagus., Special Appetizer: House Cured Gravlax, smoked salmon, over sour cream and capers served on a crostini finished with hard boiled eggs, Special Salad: Mizuna greens, fresh fig, Gorgonzola, red onion and candied walnuts finished in a port vinaigrette, 90+ Sauvignon Blanc is at AbFab $8 for a glass. $30 for a bottle., This weekends entertainment!!
Friday June 7th - Boston Bruins Game 4 Eastern Conference Finals.
played to the music of Two For The Road!
Saturday June 7th - Back Track - always a favorite!, Where you goin??? Donato ventresca and Suzie Chardonnay!!, Trivia tonight! Michelle's in the bar while Allison is away playing, bruins at 8! Life is good, null, null, Nothing more refreshing on a hot summers night than home made Margarita Sorbet with fresh fruit! Oh and just for fun there is salt on the rim and a side of salted Carmel sauce to dip the fruit in!, Special Entree: Chipotle Lime Pork Chop finished in a au jus with Curry dusted Yucca Fries and Brussels sprouts., Special Salad: Baby Arugula, peaches, blueberries, Gorgonzola, red onion and spiced pecan finished in a Whole Grain Mustard Tomato Vinaigrette, Special Dessert: Coconut Rice Pudding with Fresh Whipped Cream and a Chocolate Covered Baby Banana!!, Special soup: Caribbean Roast Pork Stew with Fresh Mango and Watercress., Perfect treat for a rainy night. A banana custard and blackberry truffle with salted caramel!  It's amazing and worth the trip in., Tonight! Thursday! It's the Bruins Game 4 vs. the Rangers! Sweep? It's Open Mic night!!! It's Michelle behind the bar!! It's Auntie Leena's Meatballs!! It's Elena!! It's the new AbFAb Menu! What are you doing staying home? You're missing all the fun!! See you tonight!!, It's trivia night!!!! The fun starts at 7PM!!! Come on down and see how wicked smahhhht you is!, Working on trivia for Trivia Wednesday! The fun starts at 7PM! Here is a taste of one of the categories and questions:

Dead or Alive?

Abe Vigoda?

First person to answer it correctly will get a free dessert on Wednesday, May 22nd ONLY!!!!!!, This Weeks Live entertainment at AbFab!!
Friday May 17th - Mike Mavin! 
Saturday May18th - "Two For The Road" - Acoustic duo w/ Mike Walsh and Jeff Grey., null, Putting together Wednesday's Trivia!!!! I best see you all at 7PM!, Wow how times have changed!!! this is Melrose mid 60's!!!, Special Dessert: Plum Almond Upside Down cake with vanilla ice cream., Don't wanna miss this one Melrose!!!

Abfab's own Michelle Marcoulier and Turner's Own Erika De la Torre will be guestbartending for the One Fund....Awesome raffles, live music, food, booze...bad dance moves

Tuesday May 28th 7pm, It's Trivia Wednesday!!!!! The fun starts at 7PM! Stop in for some eats and drinks all while testing your knowledge!!  Prizes awarded for the top 3 teams!!!!, UPDATE: Trivia is going forward tomorrow May 1st. Sorry for the confusion! See you all tomorrow for Trivia Wednesday!, ATTENTION ALL TRIVIA GUESTS: Because of a private event in the lounge this Wednesday, May 1st we will not be having trivia this week!  Don't worry, it just gives me an extra week to work on more difficult questions! ;-P  See you all next Wednesday, May 8th!
 X,
J, New Menu Item: AbFab Lobster & Crab Cake Duo. Homemade Lump Crab Cake & Steamed Shelled Maine Lobster with a Citron Burre Blanc and Sautéed Pea Tendrils, New Appetizer: AbFab Fruit and Cheese Board. Three select cheeses, Fresh Fruit, Crostini and Local Honeycomb, New Menu Item: Pomegranate Lamb, Marinated, Roasted and Thinly Sliced Top Round with a Pomegranate infused Jus over Scallion Goat Cheese Mashed and Seasonal Vegetable., New Salmon menu item: Grilled Salmon with English Cucumber Dill Sauce over Fingerling Potato and Vegetable of Chef's Choice, New menu item: Chicken Cordon Bleu: Semi Boneless Chicken Breast Stuffed with Country Ham and Gruyere Cheese finished in a Grainy Mustard Jus over Mashed Potato, New Entree: Mongolian BBQ Ribs. Country Style Five Spiced Pork Ribs with Crispy Chow Foon Noodles and Sautéed Pea Tendrils. (Also available as an appetizer), Come in and try our new wedge salad. Iceberg Lettuce Wedge with Vine Ripe Tomatoes, Red Onion, Garlic Croutons finished in an Apple Cider Blue Cheese Dressing, Weekend Lineup!!
THURSDAY! - Acoustic Open Mic w/ Host Mke Walsh 7:30 to 11PM
FRIDAY! - Sean Fullerton - Starts at 8PM
SATURDAY - Grassroot - R&R covers and originals! Starts at 8PM, Looking for something fun to do tonight?  Stop in for AbFab Trivia tonight!!!!!!! The fun starts at 7PM! While you're in having fun playing trivia don't forget to order a Boston Strong cocktail! 50% of the proceeds to be donated to The One Fund Boston!!!!, Don't forget to stop in and order a "Boston Strong" cocktail.  50% of the sale of every one ordered this week will go directly to The One Fund benefiting victims of last Monday's attack at the Boston Marathon., Wash down the Lamb Special with a refreshing Spiked Peach Iced Tea. Ciroc Peach Vodka, Iced Tea and Fresh Peaches., Come in and enjoy one of our amazing specials like this Pomegranate Marinated Lamb Top serves with Goat Cheese Mashed Potato, Garlic Green Beans finished in the Natural Lamb Jus., Also, if any local businesses would like to display a sign for our fundraising efforts please let us know!, Starting Sunday, April 21, 2013, for one week, we will be offering a special cocktail called: "Boston Strong." $4.00 from the sale of every "Boston Strong" cocktail ordered will be donated to The One Fund.  For more information contact us at (781) 720-0940! Stop in and support the families impacted by the horrific tragedy of 4/15/13!!, Acoustic Open Mic Tonight w/ Host Mike Walsh. Always a good time! Start your weekend tonight!, Come one come all to Trivia at AbFab tonight!!!  Stop in for some great food, tasty cocktail and a bunch of wicked shahhht people! It has been an emotional few days, so come on in and unwind with friends! The fun starts at 7pm!!, Working on this weeks trivia questions!! I have a couple of real fun categories!!! Have you been to our Trivia Night yet?  If not come in this Wednesday! It is always a fun time!!!, Special Appetizer. BBQ Chipotle, lime, chicken and cheddar tamale with house made guacamole and pico de gallo. Was it down with our drink of the night a watermelon cucumber cocktail., Oh and don't forget to try Lori's famous tiramisu for dessert!  It's the best!, What are you doing tonight? Stop in for a refreshing watermelon and cucumber cocktail and rock out with Red Stag! While you're visiting try our amazing appetizer special: mussels bruschetta or our duck entree special: Pan seared duck with fresh blackberry jus served with crispy rainbow Swiss chard and garlic green beans!, Thursday Night it's Acoustic Open Mic w/host Mike Walsh!! You want players! We got Players! 
 Friday Night 8PM! ~ Maureen Pilot - Jazz!
 Saturday Night 8PM! ~ Red Stag Light Acoustic duo with Melissa Perillo Ruscio, null, AbFab goes Asian tonight. Here is one of our Asian desserts a coconut rice pudding, Napoleon with caramelized pineapple and cardamom cream!, Friday Night! 4/5 - Cool Change!! with Joanie Ciccatelli! Always rockin' the house! Starts at 8 PM
 
Saturday Night! 4/6 - Its "Two For The Road" Acoustic Duo with Jeff Grey and Mike Walsh. Great Classic Rock plus some 90's and Y2K plus songs!! Starts at 8PM., Are you smahhhta than a fifth gradaahhh? Find out tonight at Trivia!!! Cory Thomas returns tonight. The fun starts at 7ish!, This weekends entertainment!!!

 Acoustic Open Mic starts the weekend on Thursday night with host Mike Walsh. Always fun with talented regulars and newcomers! Starts at 7:30 and ends around 11PM.

 Friday Night! 4/5 - Cool Change!! with Joanie Ciccatelli! Always rockin' the house! Starts at 8 PM

 Saturday Night! 4/6 - Its "Two For The Road" Acoustic Duo with Jeff Grey and Mike Walsh. Great Classic Rock plus some 90's and Y2K plus songs!! Starts at 8PM., null, null, Thursday Acoustic Open Mic! Tonights Featured Performers are The New Shadows - Matt Antony and Chris Rio w/ Kristina Barbo!
 Starts at 7:30PM
 FRIDAY NIGHT! - Tony Gallo!
 SAT NIGHT! - Grassroot Trio - The Wicked Awesome Trio!, Saturday Night March 16th! Join acoustic duo Grand Theft Audio a.k.a. Paul Gianelli and Neil Porter tonight at AbFAb! Singing some great Rock from the 70's 80's and 90's!, Thursday Acoustic Open Mic with host Mike Walsh. Featured Performer tonight is Sean Cicerano! Sean starts at 7:30PM and the open mic starts at 8:15PM., It is Wednesday you know what that means!!!! TRIVIA with Cory Thomas!!!!!! TIME CHANGE: Trivia will start at 7:30 tonight!!!! You have an extra 1/2 hour to put on your thinking caps.  Rumor has it that there will be some new teams coming in tonight!!!! Will Melrose Madness, Cool Change and The Golden Girls show them who's boss Tony Danza style?  Come in tonight..., Here at abfab we think its summer, come on in for a piña colada!!!, Thursday it's Acoustic Open Mic at ABFab. Starts at 7:30PM!
Featured Performer is Cristina Warseck., Much like this nor'easter Team Cool Change came to trivia last night and packed a punch all the way to 1st place!!!!! Congrats to Cool Change!!!! As always it nice to see 2nd Place team Melrose Madness and of course The Golden Girls! Thank you for being our friends! Oh and let's not forget our host Mr. Cory Thomas!!! We will see you next Wednesday!, It's Wednesday! You know what means?  Well according to the "Event" tab on our newly launched website: www.abfab-melrose.com, it's Trivia with your favorite host Cory Thomas!!! Last week we had an unprecedented three-way tie for first place!!!!! Melrose Madness came out victorious in the sudden death round.  Will it happen again?  Or will The Golden Girls thank them for being friends and then steal first place away!!!! Find out tonight.  The fun starts at 7PM!!!!, Check out our new website: www.abfab-melrose.com  

You can view our menu, check out what is happening at AbFab and much more!!!! Check it out!!!!! 

Also, special thanks Jeff and Nandini for your help!!!!, Here it is Friday again, come enjoy a Pomegranate Margarita or a Spiked Caramel Apple Pudding Parfait(while they Last) while enjoying some live music. This weekend's line up is:
Friday March 1 Marybeth Linham Maes
Saturday March 2 Pilots People, Oh boy another batch of snow on its way this weekend!! Forget going to the grocery store to stock up; come buy and stock up on martini's and Auntie Lena's stuffed meatballs!!! Call us for reservations!!! See you tonight!, All Right! Here we go Again!
THURSDAY NIGHT! Open Mic w/ host Mike Walsh. Tonights featured Performers - Lost and Lonely a.k.a. Bridget Sohl, Wayne Frieden, and Steve Folino - Americana at it's best! Starts at 7:30PM play for 45 minutes. Open Mic starts at 8:30PM!
FRIDAY NIGHT! Brian Maes Review. - Fantastic! Must see!
SATURDAY NIGHT! Ray Gipson Band!! R&R, Morown, R&B!!!
You can always click on Events in the top right hand corner for the monthly entertainment schedule., Tonight! Feb 15th! Mike Walsh and Jeff Grey are at AbFab as "Two For The Road"!! Great Songs & Great harmonies! Just a whole lotta fun! Starts tonight around 8PM!, Tonight! Feb 15th! Mike Walsh and Jeff Grey are at AbFab as "Two For The Road"!! Great Songs & Great harmonies! Just a whole lotta fun! Starts tonight around 8PM!, What a weekend of being snowed in!!  Come out tonight and exercise your brain with some awesome trivia with host Cory Thomas!!!! The Golden Girls have been unstoppable and came in 1st place for a 4th, yes a 4th week in row!! Can these girls be stopped?  Come in tonight and find out!!! The fun starts at 7PM!!!!, No Open Mic this week! Join us on Thursday Feb 28th. We return with a great "Featured Performers" act ~ "Lost and Lonely" w/ Bridget Sohl, Wayne Frieden and Steve. Happy Valentines day!, We hope you all survived Blizzard 2013 or Nemo as some are referring to it. In interest of the safety our staff and friends we have decided to not open tonight. Stay safe and warm! We will re-open on Monday!, Hey everyone! Due to the blizzard we have decided to close tonight. Stay home and safe. Please be sure to check on your elderly neighbors!  We'll let you know if we open tomorrow!, Thursday Feb 7th/ Acoustic Open Mic at Absolutely Fabulous, 454 Main St Melrose.
 Featured Performer tonight is Stephen Hehn! Stephen will perform from 7:30 to 8:15PM on the Baby Grand Piano. Open Mic will start after! 
With the impending "Mother of all Snowstorms" this is a great night to get out and make and/or enjoy some music with your friends! Join us!, So we are playing the weekend day by day, BUT WE ARE OPEN TONIGHT, want to get out before you become snowed in....have a great meal and some delish drinks.... well you know where we will be !! oh did i mention its open mic night with the Mr. Mike Walsh and our featured performer is Stephen Hehn, you wonrt be disappointed you came out... see you all later, St. Valentine is sharpening his arrows preparing for February 14th! Have you started to prepare for February 14th?  Call us today for reservations.  Don't wait until it's too late!!, Congrats to the Golden Girls for their 1st place finish for the 3rd week in a row!!! These girls are wicked smaht! Thanks again Cory Thomas for another fun night!  As always trivia wouldn't be the same without Melrose Madness and Team Cool Change!  Stop by next Wednesday to see if Blanche, Dorothy, Rose and Sophia can finish 1st for the 4th week in a row!!! The fun starts at 7!, Are you wicked smaht?  Come join us for Trivia Night with Cory Thomas!!! Will the Golden Girls maintain a 1st place finish for a third week in a row?  Will Melrose Madness or Team Cool Change take them down or will some new team come in and show them all up?  The fun starts tonight at 7pm!!!, We have some changes to the early Feb dates posted on the January schedule so here's an update!
Thursday Jan 31 - Acoustic Open Mic w/ host Mike Walsh 7:30 PM
Friday Feb 1st - Brendan Ahern and American Thread - Band
Saturday Feb 2nd - Acoustic Stag -  Melissa Perrillo duo, null, null, Wow was Trivia fun last night!! Thanks Cory Thomas for a fun night!!! The Golden Girls came in 1st for the second week in a row!!! Thanks to the Golden Girls, Melrose Madness, Team Cool Change, K&L and D&D for your participation!!  Will the Golden Girls hold on to 1st Place for a third week in a row?  Come down next Wednesday at 7PM to find out!!!!, Nothings warms the cockles of your heart like hot trivia questions!

with that said, Abfab Trivia tonight starts @7 with Cory Thomas
Come enjoy, stay warm, eat, drink and show off how smart you are...., Valentine's Day is only a few weeks away! Call now for reservations! 781-620-0940, Paint Nite returns to Absolutely Fabulous on Tuesday, Jan 15th at 7:30!
 
Let out your inner Van Gogh, and leave with a piece of art(and your ear).
 
We are filling up quick, check out the link below to get your tix and for more info. Use the code abfab30 to get 30% off your tickets. See you there!
https://paintnite.com/boston/buytickets/535, Best mayor in town!!, Absolutely Fabulous Specials

Martini of the Night: Broken Arrow $10
Passion Fruit Vodka, Chipotle Simple Syrup & Pineapple Juice

Beer of the Week: Ipswich Oatmeal Stout $5

Soup Du Jour 
New Orleans Style Creamy Corn & Poblano Bisque
With Parmesan Crouton $6 cup/ $8 bowl

Special Salad 
Winter Trevisano & Watercress Salad $11
Toasted Cashews, Grape Tomatoes, Bermuda Onions, & Ugly Fruit
Dark BBQ Dressing

Appetizer
Clams on the Half Shell Trio $13
Clams Casino, Clams Rockefeller & Clams Kilpatrick  

Entree
 Deconstructed Seafood Lasagna $25
Clams, Mussels, Shrimp & Scallops in Tomato Creme 
 Tandoori Lamb Loin Chops $30
Traditional Potato Somasas & Curried Cauliflower, "Are you ready for some Music???"  Great weekend lineup!
Thursday - The always popular Acoustic Open Mic w/host Mike Walsh! - Some special guests tonight. Don't miss it!
Friday - Mike returns with Jeff Grey and together they make "Two for the Road" Classic Rock duo with a groove!
Saturday - Maureen Pilot brings the Jazz! Some of New Englands finest musicians. Come inand catch "Pilots People" on Sat. nite.
Reservations are recommended!, Thanks Cory Thomas for another fun night of trivia!! Congrats to Melrose Madness who finished in 1st Place and Golden Girls for your strong 2nd Place finish and an honorable mention to team Cool Change!!! Can't wait for next Wednesday to see if Melrose Madness holds on to 1st Place..., this weeks line up is

tues... Guest bartender for lawrence memorial nursing school
weds...trivia with Cory Thomas 7pm
Thursday January 10 Acoustic Open Mic w/ Host Mike Walsh
 Friday January 11 Two for the Road
 Saturday January 12 Pilot's People - Jazz, For all the peolple that have missed out on or need a fun night out, Paintnite is returning to Absolutely Fabulous on Tuesday January 15th. Come Drink, Eat, Paint and have fun

https://paintnite.com/boston/buytickets/535, calling all smarty pants or know it alls, ABFAB Trivia with Cory Thomas will be back wednesday january 9th at 7pm, yes thats tmr night peeps...., Absolutely Fabulous Specials

Martini of the Night: Skinny & Shaken $10
Absolut Ruby Red, St Germain, Fresh Lemon & Lime,
 Prosecco floater

Soup Du Jour
Classic Pepper Steak Soup $6 cup/ $8 bowl
Filet Mignon with Natural Stock, Bell Peppers,  Carmelized Onions 

Special Salad $13
Country Southern Comfort Chicken Pate with Baby Mixed Green Salad

Appetizer
Clams Calabrese $11  
Clams Sauteed with Bell Peppers & Bacon in Tomato Sauce

Entree
Pan Seared Scallops $23
Tossed with Cavatelli, Mushrooms & Marinated Tomatoes 
Finished in a light Sherry Cream Sauce

Cod, Clam, and Spinach Puttanesca $25
 A la minute Caper, Olive, Anchovy, and 
Fresh Herb Marinara Sauce served with Crispy Gnocchi, null, There are still a few tickets left!!! The party starts at 7pm, Come say goodbye to 2012 and welcome 2013 with AbFab!!! We still have some tickets left!!!! Don't be left out in the cold with nothing to do!!!!, New Year's Eve is only 3 days away!!! What are you doing? Forget the hassle of Boston and join us this New Years Eve as we ring in 2013 with an international cocktail party. Tickets are $70.00 per person and include all you can eat cocktail buffet, one complimentary drink, champagne toast at midnight and an unbelievable dessert station. Live entertainment from 7-10 followed by a DJ to help close out 2012! Limited amount of tickets available. Stop in, call or email us for more information. Tickets can also be purchased at Halo Studio, 467. Main Street! Buy your tickets today! Don't miss out!!!!, http://patch.com/E-rVwh, Have you purchased your NYE tickets yet?  Time is running out!! Be sure to stop in this weekend and purchase your tickets!!!, After a little break for Christmas we are open today at 5PM. Stop in to pick up your New Years Eve tickets!!! WE have a limited amount left so please be sure to pick them up before it is too late!!!!!, Limited amount of tickets for New Years Eve left. Don't be left out in the cold!! Stop by tomorrow or this weekend to get your tickets!!, This weeks "Fabulous" entertainment!!
12/27 Thursday ~ Acoustic Open Mic w/host Mike Walsh. starts at 7:30PM
12/28 Friday ~ BackTrack is back!!! Drop in for a trip back to the golden age of Rock and Roll!
12/29 Saturday ~ Acoustic Stag!! drop in for theis Dynamic 
 Acoustic duo featuring Melissa Perillo on Vocals., Don't forget Auntie Lena is at the restaurant today until 3pm selling gift certificates. Don't forget to get that person who has everything the gift of good food!  Oh and she will be here tomorrow from 10-4! Merry Christmas!!, Looking for the perfect gift for the person who has it all? Auntie Lena will be here tomorrow from 10-3 and 10-4 on Monday selling gift certificates. Stop by and pick some up!, Acoustc Open Mic Xmas Party last night 12/20 - Great talent and great crowd! Open mic at Abfab is every Thursday of every week. Hosted by Mike Walsh, paint nite december 18th, paint nite december 18th, paint nite december 18th, paint nite december 18th, paint nite december 18th, Paint nite december 18th!, Here's the Weekend line up at AbFAb and it is Fabulous!! Starting on Thursday night~ Acoustic Open mic Xmas party!!! Lots of players, lots of Xmas songs! Join host Mike Walsh for a Holly, Jolly Xmas Party!!! starts at 7:30PM.
Friday Night Dec 21st. It's the "Mayan End of the World" Party with the fabulous Cool Change!! Join Joanie and the guys for a great Xmas bash!
Saturday Dec 22nd - New Abfab favorite MaryBeth Lenehan Maes brings her beautiful voice and Rock and Roll heart to ABFAb for some great Acoustic numbers. A great duo!!, New Year's Eve is only 2 weeks away!!! What are you doing?  Forget the hassle of Boston and join us this New Years Eve as we ring in 2013 with an international cocktail party. Tickets are $70.00 per person and include all you can eat cocktail buffet, one complimentary drink, champagne toast at midnight and an unbelievable dessert station. Live entertainment from 7-10 followed by a DJ to help close out 2012! Limited amount of tickets available. Stop in, call or email us for more information. Tickets can also be purchased at Halo Studio, 467. Main Street! Buy your tickets today! Don't miss out!!!!, Drink, paint, PARTY!! Still a few tickets left for tomorrow tuesday december 18th  event at abfab in Melrose..
 
Let out your inner Van Gogh and leave with a great piece of art and both ears still attached!
 
Go to the link below for more info, use the code abfab30 to get 30% off your tickets.
 
http://paintnite.com/boston/event/534, Absolutely Fabulous Specials

Martini of the Night: Egg Nog $10
Vanilla Vodka, Gingerbread kahlua, & Eggnog, Nilla Wafer Rim

Beer of the Week: Leinenkugel’s Snowdrift Vanilla Porter $5

Soup Du Jour

Potato, leek, & Bacon Bisque $6 cup/ $8 bowl

Special Salad

Winter Waldorf Salad $11
Apples, Shaved Fennel, Radicchio, Toasted Pecans,
And Celery finished with a Honey Yogurt Vinaigrette

Appetizer

Pan Seared Vietnamese Style Scallops $15
Coconut Jasmine Rice Cake, Baby Bok Choy, Water Chestnuts 
& Baby Bamboo Shoots

Entree

Slow Braised Pork Shank $25
Sweet Potato Mash & Grilled Asparagus with natural jus

Abfab Grilled Veal Chop & Scallops Puttanesca $31
in an Olive, Caper, Garlic & Anchovy Marinara Sauce 
With Broccoli Rabe & Crispy Gnocchi, What are you doing this New Years Eve? Forget the hassle of Boston and join us this New Years Eve as we ring in 2013 with an international cocktail party. Tickets are $70.00 per person and include all you can eat cocktail buffet, one complimentary drink, champagne toast at midnight and an unbelievable dessert station. Live entertainment from 7-10 followed by a DJ to help close out 2012! Limited amount of tickets available. Stop in, call or email us for more information. Tickets can also be purchased at Halo Studio, 467. Main Street! Buy your tickets today! Don't miss out!!!!, Tonight! Thursday Dec 13th. It's the "It's beginning to feel a lot like Christmas" Acoustic Open Mike at Absolutely Fabulous. Sign ups start at 7PM. Host Mike Walsh plays 7:30 to 8:15PM then the players take over. Bose sound system, Baby Grand Piano, Lots of talent! Come on down to play or watch!
Join us this weekend for some great Live Music!!
Friday night is Mike Maven!! An AbFAb favorite for originals and some funky,funky Motown!
On Saturday we're joined by the multi-talented Sean Fullerton!!
Muaic starts around 8PM. MAke your reservations now!, What are you doing this New Years Eve? Forget the hassle of Boston and join us this New Years Eve as we ring in 2013 with an international cocktail party. Tickets are $70.00 per person and include all you can eat cocktail buffet, one complimentary drink, champagne toast at midnight and an unbelievable dessert station. Live entertainment from 7-10 followed by a DJ to help close out 2012! Limited amount of tickets available. Stop in, call or email us for more information. Tickets can also be purchased at Halo Studio, 467. Main Street! Buy your tickets today! Don't miss out!!!!, This Weekends Entertainment!
Thursday ~ Acoustic Open Mic Nite! w/host Mike Walsh starts at 7:30PM
Friday - Lisa Love Acoustic Trio! Doesn't get much more fun than this!! 
Saturday - Brian Maes!!, dont forget to get your tickets to paintnite for tuesday december 18th...they are going fast...abfab30 for 30% off
http://paintnite.com/boston/event/534, For catering requests PLEASE do not message us on Facebook.  We do not always see the messages until it's too late.  Please call us at 781-620-0940 or you can email us at abfabmelrose@gmail.com.  The fastest way to get in touch with us is by telephone.  Thanks and sorry if we missed any of your catering requests.  Again, we don't always see the messages! Thanks!!!, What are you doing this New Years Eve? Forget the hassle of Boston and join us this New Years Eve as we ring in 2013 with an international cocktail party. Tickets are $70.00 per person and include all you can eat cocktail buffet, one complimentary drink, champagne toast at midnight and an unbelievable dessert station. Live entertainment from 7-10 followed by a DJ to help close out 2012! Limited amount of tickets available. Stop in, call or email us for more information. Tickets can also be purchased at Halo Studio, 467. Main Street!, Only 30 days left in the year.  What are you doing this New Years Eve? Forget the hassle of Boston and join us this New Years Eve as we ring in 2013 with an international cocktail party. Tickets are $70.00 per person and include all you can eat cocktail buffet, one complimentary drink, champagne toast at midnight and an unbelievable dessert station.  Live entertainment from 7-10 followed by a DJ to help close out 2012!  Limited amount of tickets available.  Stop in, call or email us for more information. Tickets can also be purchased at Halo Studio, 467. Main Street!, It's not too early to start making plans for New Years Eve! Join AbFab for a cocktail party around the world. Tickets are available at AbFab and Halo Studios at 467 Main St., Melrose. Tickets are limited! $70.00 per person and includes all you can eat appetizer buffet, a grand dessert station, one complimentary cocktail and champagne toast at midnight. Live music from 7-10 then a DJ takes the stage. Call us at 781-620-0940, stop by or email AbFab at abfabmelrose@gmail.com for more information. Remember ticket are also available at Halo Studio located at 467 Main St. in Melrose., Correction - Thanks to Gina and Maria!
 The weekend starts tonight! This Weekends entertainment!
 Thursday - Acoustic open mic with host Mike Walsh 7:30 to 11PM!
 Friday - Joey Dias! New!!
 Saturday - Snap & Mugsy! ( Tim Foley and Mike Marino), Big thanks to Cory Thomas for another fun trivia night. If you haven't been to our trivia night on Wednesday nights hosted by Cory Thomas, you must come see what your missing!  Thanks again Cory! See you next week! The fun starts at 7pm., Tonight, Friday November 23rd Abfab will be celebrating our 3rd anniversary of being open, stop by for some delish food, great live music as Cool Change will be rocking in the lounge, we love you Joanie cicatelli!!!!  Come have a piece of cake and celebrate with us!! To the staff a much deserved thank you for all you do to make absolutely fabulous just that!!, Also, this Friday November 23rd Abfab will be celebrating our 3rd anniversary of being open, stop by for some delish food, great live music as Cool Change will be rocking in the lounge, we love you Joanie cicatelli!!!! You are amazing!! Come have a piece of cake and celebrate with us!! To the staff a much deserved thank you for all you do to make absolutely fabulous just that!!

Soon to come we are proud to announce a customer appreciation night(free meat-a-balls)... date to follow!!, Happy Thanksgiving to all our loyal customers, performers, and our dedicated staff! From our Abfab family to yours... happy thanksgiving!! Hope to see all you tonight for thanksgiving eve Abfab, Don't forget Tony Slabacheski will be serving up Slam Dunk's tonight! Stop in and support Melrose Boy's Basketball!, Tony Slabacheski will be Guest Bartending this Tuesday for the Melrose Boy's Basketball Team! Come in and watch Tony serve up Slam Dunk's for a great team!!!, Absolutely Fabulous Specials

Martini of the Night: Festive Cranberry $10
Vodka, Cointreau, Cranberry Juice & Cranberry Reduction Sugared Rim
Beer of the Week: Guinness Black label $5

Soup Du Jour
Lentil with Grilled Vegetables $6 cup/ $8 bowl

Special Salad
Warm Country Ham & Artichoke Salad $13
With Shaved Fennel tossed in Tomato Thyme Vinaigrette

Entree
Honey Chipotle St. Louis Ribs $21
Sweet Potato Fries & Greens Beans

Hope you Enjoy the New Menu Items
Happy Thanksgiving, Come check out our new menu. we rolled it out last night and everyone loved the new Additions!!! Lobster shepards pie, Pecan Chicken, Swordfish....and some ole time favorites are back with a new twist!! Short Ribs, Chicken Livers, and Creamy Polenta to name a few..Sean Fullerton is here tonight and Back Trackx is here Saturday night!!, Abfab will be closing at 9pm tonight!, Big thanks to Alayna Louise for Bartending tonight and letting me have the night off to spend with my fantastic boyfriend and family ON HER BIRTHDAY!! Please go in to absolutely fabulous tonight and wish her A HAPPY BIRTHDAY have a drink or two and listen to the AMAZING LISA LOVE EXPERIENCE!! party on people -xo Michelle, Tonight it's Acoustic Open Mic w/ host Mike Walsh 7:30 to 11PM

FRIDAY - Lisa Love at AbFAb!! 
SATURDAY - Two for the Road - Acoustic duo!

Either way you can't miss. Be sure to make your reservations!, null, Please join us for Trivia Night with host, Cory Thomas, tonight starting at 7:00 p.m. Lots of fun, great food and drink and some cool prizes., null, It's not too soon to start planning for New Year's Eve. Absolutely Fabulous is having an around the world cocktail party. There will be three international food stations featuring all you can eat appetizers from the following cuisines: French, Italian and Chinese as well as a grand dessert station. Tickets are $70.00 a person and include a drink ticket and champagne toast at midnight. Call us for more information or inbox Lori, Jason and Michelle for more information!, null, felling the chill in the air.....come in for a peach cobbler martini and listen to Mike Maven !! You wont be disappointed!!!, Tonight! Thursday! It's Acoustic Open Mic Night! Come on down and join us for a great night of entertainment!
Friday     Night  11/2 ~ Mike Maven
Saturday Niight 11/3 ~ Tony Gallo
Click on events to the upper right for November and December's entertainment schedule!, Special Notice!  Looking for a place to gather with friends or relatives on Thanksgiving Eve?  Live music at AbFAb on Wednesday Nov 21st! Featuring "Blonde on Blue" with Julie D'Alessandro and David Hanlon. Make your reservations! Starts at 8:00PM., null, null, null, Calling all Ghouls and Goblins..feel free to join us in costume tonight..check out what costumes we will be in...and Come Rock with the band RED STAG!!!!!! see you all tonight, null, null, Okay everyone, tonight is the big fundraiser for the Melrose Veterans' Fund. Come on down to Absolutely Fabulous 454 Main Street, Melrose from 5:30-9:30 pm and help guest bartender John Gately and the rest of the Gately family reach their goal and beyond of 1,500.00. Love your freedom, then what better way to THANK a Vet by having a drink and enjoying fantastic free appetizers. All of us FABULOUS girls will be working so come down and say hello :), Reserve you Paintnite tickets now before they are sold out!!! Tuesday oct. 30th at Abfab taught by David Daykin!
 his Special gift is use coupon code Abfab30 for 30% off !!!
 looks like so much fun!!! Test your artistic side
 here is the link http://paintnite.com/event/413, Join us tonight for Music by Brian Maes!!! While your here try
an Absolutely Fabulous Spiked Apple Margarita!!! hmmm YUMMY, Martini of the Night: Harvest Moon $10

Vodka, Cointreau, Fig Honey & Rosemary Reduction, 
Floater of Pomegranate juice

Soup Du Jour
Parsnip, Leek, & Apple Cider Bisque $6 cup/ $8 bowl

Salad
Pink Grapefruit, Avocado, and Watercress Salad $11 
Prosciutto, Toasted Hazelnut, & Shaved Romano 
finished in a Tawny Port Vinaigrette

Appetizer
Mussels Calabrese $15
Sauteed Bell Pepper, Bacon, Red Sauce topped with
House Hickory Smoked Gorgonzola & Garlic Bread

Entrees
Grilled Swordfish $28
Crispy Gnocchi, Warm Marinated Tomatoes, & Baby Arugula

Grilled Lamb Chops $30
Potato Rosti with Crispy Rainbow Swiss Chard
 Natural Lamb Jus, This weekends entertainment!!!!
Thursday 10-18  Acoustic Open Mic! Always a great time, starts at 7:30PM.
Friday  10-19  Acoustic Duo "Two For The Road" with Jeff Grey and Mike Walsh.
Saturday 10-20 New England Legend Brian Maes!! Brian makes his first appearance at AbFab. 
Don't forget to make your Reservations!!, Reserve you Paintnite tickets now before they are sold out!!! Tuesday oct. 30th at Abfab taught by David Daykin!
 his Special gift is use coupon code Abfab30 for 30% off !!!
 looks like so much fun!!! Test your artistic side
 here is the link http://paintnite.com/event/413, Tonight's entertainment: Sean Fullerton!!! And apple crisp martinis and delicious food!!! perfect Saturday night, Live Entertainment for Tonight featuring Pilots People

Absolutely Fabulous Specials

Martini of the Night: Apple Crisp $10
Apple and Salted Caramel Vodkas, Lemon Juice, Apple Cider, Spiced Crisp Rim

Soup Du Jour

Grilled Vegetable & Tomato Soup $6 cup/ $8 bowl
With Garlic Crouton

Salad

Mizuna Greens & Baby Spinach Tangerine Salad $11 
Red Onion, Grape Tomatoes & Lemon Basil Vinaigrette

Appetizer

Shellfish White Truffle Risotto $13
With Mizuna Greens

Entrees

Pan Seared Salmon $25
Over Potato Rusk with Grilled Bermuda Onion & 
Oven Roasted Tomatoes with Demi Glace

Honey Goat Cheese Stuffed Pecan Crusted French Veal Chop $30
Hickory Smoked Gorgonzola Mash & Grilled Asparagus, intnite is officially coming to Ab Fab in Melrose October 30th.. Tickets will be available on the Paintnite.com website in the next day or two!!! stay tuned for further details!! —, APPLE CRISP MARTINIS TONIGHT!!! And our fabulous open mic, Come down and support one of Melrose's finest schools tonight! Roosevelt school will doing our guest batender event tonight@ abfab 7-11....yummy pomegranate margaritas, null, SPECIALS FOR THE WEEKEND!!! YUMMY
OUR FAMOUS SHORT RIBS ARE ON SPECIAL WITH A LOBSTER TAIL.....HOW CAN U GO WRONG....UMMM...YOU CANT

Martini of the Night: Spiced Pumpkin Pie $10
Vanilla Vodka, Kahlua, Baileys, & Pumpkin Pie Liqueur, 
Spiced Sugar Rim

Soup Du Jour 

Old Fashioned Fish Chowder $6 cup/ $8 bowl
Slow Cooked Potatoes, Onions, Celery, Fish & Cream

Salad

Fresh Fig & Baby Arugula Salad $11 
Tossed with Tawny Port Vinaigrette, Sliced Red Onions, Garnished with Della Cotta Squash & Pecan Crusted Goat Cheese

Appetizer

Caribbean Style Crab & Asparagus Arancini $13
With Pea Tendrils & Green Apple Coconut Curry Sauce

Entrees

Grilled Halibut $29
Over Shellfish Hash & Grilled Asparagus

Abfab Surf & Turf $31
Our Famous Braised Short Rib & Grilled Baby Rock Lobster Tail with Hickory Smoked Gorganzola Mash & Natural Jus, lOOK AT THESE FABULOUS BANDS THAT ARE PLAYING THIS WEEKEND AT ABFAB...YOU WONT BE DISAPPOINTED
Friday October 5th ~ Mike Maven duo
 Saturday October 6th ~ Lisa Love Trio, trivia tonight with cory thomas 7-10pm
Thursday Oct. 4thopen mic with mic walsh 8-11pm
Friday October 5th ~ Mike Maven duo
 Saturday October 6th ~ Lisa Love Trio, Everyone loves pumpkin head beer and everyone loves trivia right? Right! So come to Abfab tmr Wednesday oct 3rd and teat your smarts for a chance to win shipyard pumpkin head pint glasses and many other giveaways! 7-10, Come join us for a night out at Absolutely Fabulous to celebrate Nick Amirault and raise some money for the Nicholas Ryan Amirault St. Mary's School Scholarship Fund. We'll be in the bar from 7pm-10pm ish where Neal Ryan will be the guest bartender with a little help from Marc Polito (plus a few other special guest appearances)! All tips and some proceeds from the bar will be put towards the scholarship fund. It's a very casual evening, please feel free to stop in for a drink and say hi, or pull up a seat at the bar for the night. There will be music, apps and raffles.
 
Absolutely Fabulous
 454 Main Street
 Melrose, MA 02176, Cold and Rainy night, what would be better than a Pumpkinhead beer or Spiced Pumpkin Pie Martini...and some live music....we cant think of anything...so we will see you tonight....right......right, BREAKING NEWS!!!!!!!

Wednesday 9/26 will be the start of trivia! Come to Absolutely Fabulous and test your knowledge of useful and useless facts! Speciality drink of the night for $5 and great prizes for the winner! Come one or bring a team and kick off the trivia season right! (NFL replacement refs need not apply), STARTS TOMORROW PEOLPLE

very Wednesday from 7-10 starting on 9/26/12:
 Absolutely Fabulous is happy to announce Trivia Night at Ab Fab starting Wednesday, September 26th from 7-10 p.m. Come down with your friends or meet some new friends as you answer a wide array of trivia questions. There will be nightly prizes and lots of fun as you answer questions ranging from current events, present & past pop culture, history, politics, sports, entertainment, local trivia and much, much more!Longtime Melrose resident Cory Thomas will be hosting trivia each and every Wednesday night. Hope to see you all there!, Every Wednesday from 7-10 starting on 9/26/12:
 Absolutely Fabulous is happy to announce Trivia Night at Ab Fab starting Wednesday, September 26th from 7-10 p.m. Come down with your friends or meet some new friends as you answer a wide array of trivia questions. There will be nightly prizes and lots of fun as you answer questions ranging from current events, present & past pop culture, history, politics, sports, entertainment, local trivia and much, much more!Longtime Melrose resident Cory Thomas will be hosting trivia each and every Wednesday night. Hope to see you all there!

., Tomorrow Tuesday sept 18th Sharing and Caring is having there guest bartender event here at Abfab!! Please come support this fabulous organization that gives back to this community! Sharing and caring is celebrating 40+ years of helping children with disabilities! We look forward to seeing you there! The fun starts at 7 and the great Mr Sean Fullerton will be entertaining the crowd!, Absolutely Fabulous Specials for the weekend!!!

Martini of the Night: Spiked Apple Cider
Stoli Raspberry, Amaretto, Cointreau, Cranberry Juice & Apple Cider

Soup Du Jour 
Summers End Vegetable Chowder $6 cup/ $8 bowl

Salad
Heirloom Tomato & Olive Bread Panzanella Salad
With Crumbled Goat Cheese $10

Appetizer
Bag of Blue Cornmeal Dusted Ipswich Fried Clams
With Seasonal Slaw & Homemade Tartar Sauce $13

Entrees
 Rosemary Marinated Grilled Lamb Loin Chops $26
 Zucchini, Summer Squash, & Hickory Smoked Ricotta Salada Risotto & Oven Roasted Grape Tomatos

Pan Seared Jumbo Sea Scallops $28
Lemon Thyme Sauce with Sweet Potato Biscuits 
& Green Bean Salad, This coming tuesday Absolutely Fabulous is proud to host Sharing And Caring Guest Bartender event. Please come support a great organization that proudly supports Melrose and its residents!!!
 Melrose Sharing and Caring celebrates 40 plus years of supporting children in Melrose with Special Needs, Absolutely Fabulous is happy to announce Trivia Night at Ab Fab starting Wednesday, September 26th from 7-10 p.m. Come down with your friends or meet some new friends as you answer a wide array of trivia questions. There will be nightly prizes and lots of fun as you answer questions ranging from current events, present & past pop culture, history, politics, sports, entertainment, local trivia and much, much more!Longtime Melrose resident Cory Thomas will be hosting trivia each and every Wednesday night. Hope to see you all there!, This weeks Entertainment!!!
Thursday ~ Acoustic Open Mic! Starts at 7:30PM.
Friday ~ One of our Favorites~ Mike Maven! Starts at 8:00PM
Saturday ~ Two for the Road" - w/ Jeff Grey and Mike Walsh! Starts at 8:00PM. Reservations recommended for the weekends!, null, A new month means a new line up of talent at AbFab! To see the monthly enterrtainment schedule click on events above and then click on whichever month you want!
This week at ABFAb...............
Thursday Sept 6th - Acoustic Open Mic w/ host Mike Walsh. Starts at 7:30 PM
Friday  Sept 7th ~ Sean Fullerton's back!
Saturday Sept 8th ~ Bob D'Agostino band., If you're going to be around this weekend we have some great entertainment lined up for you! And it starts tonight!
The Acoustic Open Mic w/Mike Walsh starts at 7:30PM and goes until ??. Great players, a lot of fun!
Friday night it's Cool Change with Joannie C. Starts at 8PM
Saturday night it's Maureen Pilot. Maureen sometimes brings in her 60's band BackTrack but this Saturday it's her band Pilot's people! Great entertainment!
Make sure to stop in at AbfAB this weekend!, Our very own Paco will be the guest bartender tomorrow raising money for Autism Speaks.  Come on in and support this amazing cause!!! 7-10PM, Thursday Acoustic Open Mic nite tonight! starts at 7:30PM!, A huge thanks to every single person that voted for AbFab and Michelle in the Melrose Patch Readers Choice 2012! It was  close race.  Congrats to Bobby C's! We are honored to have been nominated and PROUD of the way we EARNED our votes!!! Like our name says we are Absolutely Fabulous and we have the BEST friends, not customers, friends! Everyone of you that comes in is a friend! We love you!!!!! Thanks again!!!!, taking night off, exhausted and dont feel good:( jason is my hero for stepping up to do the bar all weekend for me!! go in and show him some love...thanks michelle, specials for the weekend

Absolutely Fabulous
Martini of the Night: Blueberry Pomegranate Gimlet $10
Blueberry & Pomegranate Vodka, Cranberry Juice 
fresh Lime Juice & Blueberries

 Soup Du Jour & Special Salad

Bayou Country Alligator Stew $5 cup/ $7 bowl

Marinated Beet Salad $12
Iceberg Lettece, Red Onion, Yellow Pear Tomatoes
Finished in Maple Cranberry White Balsalmic  

Appetizer
Lobster Arancini $13
Grilled Asparagus & Sweet Summer Peach Sauce

Entrees
 Grilled Chili Chive Infused Swordfish $27
With Fresh Gnocchi & Warm Tomato Garlic Spinach

Blackened Filet Medallion & Grilled Scallops 
over Grilled Tomato, Edamame & Corn Succotash $29, Reason # 1,829,756 to vote for Michelle... her post on the Melrose Patch
michelle from abfab

1:47 pm on Thursday, August 16, 2012

hey voters its michelle from abfab!! just wanted to say thank you for all the votes and support through this contest! ultimately yes it would be cool to win but i dont care about a title that much! i care about making people good drinks and in a great enviroment!! not many people outside of melrose know about our little piece of heave at 454 main st melrose!! I LOVE MY JOB!! I want to say thanks to rachel and adam at bobby cs,my fav other bartender lindsey from bobby cs and erica from turners and all the other bartenders in melrose too, we all take pride in what we do and it shows! we are very fortunate to work in a city with so many nice and generous people! and thanks to the patch for hosting this little best of the best! XOXO
michelle from abfab

1:56 pm on Thursday, August 16, 2012

ok so it limited my characters and i wasnt finished! a BIG THANKS TO MY FAV AND YOURS JASON DOUCETTE!!! LOVE U PACO! and also allison and alayna at abfab.. lori and lena for giving us a great place to work!! and all the waitstaff and kitchen crew for making my life a little easier! thanks again melrose

http://melrose.patch.com/articles/readers-choice-vote-for-the-best-bartender-24423bd7, Voting ends today at 11:59PM!!! Tell all your friends!!!! GO MICHELLE!!! 

http://melrose.patch.com/articles/readers-choice-vote-for-the-best-bartender-24423bd7?logout=true, Come on down tonight for a celebration martini and Homemade Lobster Arancini,, its our 2 yr Anniversary of open mic..........  Yeah!!!!!, and who wants yummy martinis from michelle, you do!!! so vote

http://www.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fmelrose.patch.com%2Farticles%2Freaders-choice-vote-for-the-best-bartender-24423bd7%23poll_47167&h=FAQFaMLNz&s=1, 2 days left people, who wants free meatballs......you do!! so vote!!!



 http://melrose.patch.com/articles/readers-choice-vote-for-the-best-italian-restaurant, Another great weekend's worth of entertainment!
Tonight is the Acoustic Open Mic nite! Starts at 7:30 PM. Come watch some very talented musicians!
Friday 8/17 it's Snap & Mugsy ( Tim Foley and Mike Marino) an extremely talented duo playing some great Blues and timeless classics!
Saturday 8/18 it's Mike Walsh and Jeff Grey a.k.a. "Two for the Road" doing covers from the 60's to today.
Don't forget to vote on Melrose Patch for AbFab as best Italian restaurant and Michelle as best bartender. It's close and we need all of our friends to vote!, It's still a close race! We need your votes!! Only 2 days left!!!  http://melrose.patch.com/articles/readers-choice-vote-for-the-best-italian-restaurant, Keep voting!!! Only 2 days left!!!!!!!!!!!!

http://melrose.patch.com/articles/readers-choice-vote-for-the-best-bartender-24423bd7#poll_47167, Oh and we are nominated for Best Italian Restaurant too!!! Vote for us!! 

http://melrose.patch.com/articles/readers-choice-vote-for-the-best-italian-restaurant, Come everyone and vote!!!! For the first time Michelle is behind! Tell all your friends!!!!! 

http://www.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fmelrose.patch.com%2Farticles%2Freaders-choice-vote-for-the-best-bartender-24423bd7%23poll_47167&h=FAQFaMLNz&s=1, Hey everyone! Keep voting for Best Italian Restaurant and Best Bartender Michelle on Melrose Patch! Also, as you may have already heard, Lisa Love will not be performing at AbFab tonight due to illness! Fret not, the Lisa Love Experience will be back next month at the Best Italian Restaurant with the Best Bartender in Melrose! GO VOTE!!, Lisa Love cancelled for tonight, Aug 10th. Filling in will be Two for the Road w/ Jeff Grey and Open Mic host Mike Walsh. Come join us for some great music and see what drink Melrose' best bartender can design for you!, Come on everyone! It is neck and neck! Vote for Michelle as best bartender and AbFab as best Italian restaurant.  

http://www.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fmelrose.patch.com%2Farticles%2Freaders-choice-vote-for-the-best-bartender-24423bd7%23poll_47167&h=FAQFaMLNz&s=1, Come on people the race is heating up!!! Vote for Michelle! You nominated her now let's show all of Melrose who the Queen Bartender is...  

http://www.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fmelrose.patch.com%2Farticles%2Freaders-choice-vote-for-the-best-bartender-24423bd7%23poll_47167&h=FAQFaMLNz&s=1, What about for Michelle? 
http://www.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fmelrose.patch.com%2Farticles%2Freaders-choice-vote-for-the-best-bartender-24423bd7%23poll_47167&h=FAQFaMLNz&s=1, The Weekend starts on Thursday! Tonight it's the Acoustic Open Mic w/Mike Walsh and the Pat's first exhibition game! Catch both!
Friday night it's Lisa Love!! starts at 8:00PM
Saturday night welcome Steven Brennen!! starts at 8:00PM, null, Some great Guest Bartenders are in line for the month of August:

August 14, 2012: Everett Crimson Tide Pop Warner

August 21, 2012: Priscilla Pennacchio will be the guest bartender raising money for the Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson's Research

August 28, 2012: AbFab's very own Paco will be mixing drinks for Autism Speaks

All events are from 7-10.  $4.00 from the Guest Bartender's signature drink goes to their charity, plus any tips they receive.  

Do you have a charity you want to raise money for?  Doing a walk/run/bike ride/ relay and need to raise money?  Contact us for availability.  Great way to raise money for P.T.O.'s, Charities near and dear to your heart., While you're there voting for Michelle don't forget to vote for us too!!  http://melrose.patch.com/articles/readers-choice-vote-for-the-best-italian-restaurant, Keep voting and show Michelle how much you love her!!!!

http://www.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fmelrose.patch.com%2Farticles%2Freaders-choice-vote-for-the-best-bartender-24423bd7%23poll_47167&h=FAQFaMLNz&s=1, What about for Michelle? 
http://www.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fmelrose.patch.com%2Farticles%2Freaders-choice-vote-for-the-best-bartender-24423bd7%23poll_47167&h=FAQFaMLNz&s=1, Have you voted yet?

 http://melrose.patch.com/articles/readers-choice-vote-for-the-best-italian-restaurant, Everyone don't forget to vote for Michelle too! http://melrose.patch.com/articles/readers-choice-vote-for-the-best-bartender-24423bd7#poll_47167
F, Don't forget to vote! 
http://melrose.patch.com/articles/readers-choice-vote-for-the-best-italian-restaurant, Oh and don't forget to vote for us too!!!! The stuffed meatballs are begging you... http://melrose.patch.com/articles/readers-choice-vote-for-the-best-italian-restaurant, Everyone don't forget to vote for Michelle! Tell all your friends!!! http://melrose.patch.com/articles/readers-choice-vote-for-the-best-bartender-24423bd7#poll_47167, Tonight's entertainment will be "Two For the Road" with Jeff Grey and Mike Walsh. Classic Rock, Acoustic Duo. Starts at 8:00PM., The new entertainment schedules for July and August can be found by clicking on Events. Check out the AbFAb summer lineup!, Back in the swing of things with a new menu! Here's our entertainment for the week of July 21.
Thursday 7/19. It's Acoustic Open Mic with host Mike Walsh. Starts at 7:30PM! Watch out he's in an '80's mood again!
Friday Night - Solo act Chad Verbeck! First time at AbFab
Saturday night - Grassroot! One of Lori's favorite open mic guests. These guys rock the house. New CD! Suggest reservations., null, null, ladies and gentleman... we are back open! after a long deserved vacation!! our fabulous open mic night tonight with mr Mike Walsh! friday night with the fabulous lisa love experience and one of our own open mic duos saturday Snap and Mugsy(a must see), AbFab" July Entertainment
 
Notice: 
AbFab will be closed through July 10th.
 
Thurs. July 12 - Open Mic w/ Mike Walsh
 Fri. July 13 - Lisa Love
 Sat. July 14 - Snap and Mugsy
 
Thurs. July 19 - Open Mic w/ Mike Walsh
 Fri. July 20 - Chad Verbeck
 Sat. July 21 - GrassRoot
 
Thurs. July 26 - Open Mic w/ Mike Walsh
 Fri. July 27 -Vanessa Salvucci
 Sat. July 28 -TBD, Actually we are closed til weds July 11th! Not the 16th sorry about the type-o! Happy 4th everyonre, Reminder we will be closed until July 16th. Have a happy and safe 4th of July, Friday June 29 -Tonight's entertainment is Vanessa Salvucci, Acoustic duo!, http://melrose.patch.com/articles/readers-choice-nominate-your-favorite-italian-restaurant-76ee4fc0, Don't forget to vote for our very own Michelle! http://melrose.patch.com/articles/readers-choice-nominate-your-favorite-bartender-ffb45d98#comment_3644587, come join us tonight for some fabulous martinis and the unbelievable cool change tonight!!, Nothing goes better with an AbFab cool and refreshing Antipasto than a night of music! Join us tonight for Acoustic Open Mic. 7:30 to 11PM with our host Mike Walsh., Tomorrow night's guest bartender will be the Rowe Family shaking up drinks for Diabetes! Come on in and show your support!, Don't forget to vote for Michelle too!!!
http://melrose.patch.com/articles/readers-choice-nominate-your-favorite-bartender-ffb45d98#comment_3644587, Hey everyone: Be sure to vote for us on Melrose Patch Readers' Choice 2012:  http://melrose.patch.com/articles/readers-choice-nominate-your-favorite-italian-restaurant-76ee4fc0, yummy snickers martini and a grand dessert!!, We have a change to this weeks entertainment due to a last minute cancellation.
Thursday~ Acoustic Open Mic with Mike Walsh 
Friday~ Acoustic Duo "Aunt Mimi's music "( Aunt Mimi was John Lennon's Aunt) 8PM to 11PM
Saturday - Abfab favorit - Back Track 8PM to 11PM, null, How do you follow one great act? With another of course! Tonight it's that fantastic Acoustic Duo "Two for the Road" w/ Mike Walsh and Jeff Grey. Close your eyes you'll think the original band is playing! Hope you can join us tonight!, null, So another great weekend of entertainers!!!

Friday june 1st  is Lisa Love
Saturday june 2nd  is Two for the road

see you then!!!!!, null, Going to be one hell of an entertaining weekend at AbFab. If you're in town for the holiday weekend drop in on Thursday,Friday,or Saturday Night for some great live music. Bring your weekend guests! 
Thursday night (5-24) is the amazingly popular Acoustic Open Mic night w/ MIke Walsh from 7:30 to 11PM.
Friday night is a great new act at ABFAb~ Mike Maven. Great originals and funky covers! 
Saturday nights caps off the weekend with the incredible Band Cool Change!! Make sure you stop in this weekend!, If you would like to see the entertainment schedule at AbFab just click on Events up in the right hand portion of the page. Then click on the monthly entertainment schedule!, This weekened's entertainment starts tonight with the fabulous Tony Gallo! Saturday night is acoustic duo Audio Motive!
Music starts around 8:00PM. Be sure to get reservations if you want a table!, Lisa love tonight! Two for the road Saturday! Great weekend at Abfab! Come have a margarita and. Else rate cinco de mayo with us!!!!, Tonight! Thursday May 3rd-Acoustic Open Mic Night! Hosted by Mike Walsh. We've added two new twists on Thursday nights. The first will be the addition of a featured performers segment. A player will be chosen from the previous week's open mic and they will get a 1/2 hour time slot in which to perform. Tonights featured performer is Eric Smith (pictured below). Also added is Rock Stars Birthday! A list of Rock Stars with Birthdays on Th.,Fri., and Sat. of the week is made available on this FB page, under Events, and is also emailed to Open Mic attendees.  Any player performer who plays a song by a designated "Rock Star" gets to play an extra song. Some of this weeks artists are Adele, Bob Segar, Randy Travis,Frankie Valli, Hootie and the Blowfish. Should be fun! Click on Events above on the right for a list of Rock Star Birthdays., null, We added June's entertainment schedule also. After you click on Events above, you'll ned to click on either the May Schedule or the June Schedule. Have fun!, null, To View the May Entertainment Schedule just click on Events up above and to the right! (has picture of a guitar player).
 You're Welcome!, null, Abfab kicks off the Month of May with some great entertainment this weekend. On Friday night, May 4th it's Lisa Love! and on Saturday it's Cinqo de Mayo with "Two for the Road!" What goes better with Tequila and Coronna's than these two great acts! So make your reservations and join us this weekend! Buenos Noches!, Congrats to melrose run club who strongly supported MAAV tonight! Job well done Liz & Michelle excellent Maavaritas! They raised almost $1000! And has fun doing it!, Join the Melrose Running Club tomorrow night as our guest bartender. Proceeds from the MAAVarita to benefit the Melrose Alliance Against Violence (MAAV).  The fun starts at 7pm!, CONGRATS to Glen Fillmore, Lisa & Michael, Carl & Alex,Kelsie & Jeff,  and Most of all Chris Boshar for joining us last night !!! They raised $4261 for the restore the Bosh!!! tHAT WAS GREAT! What a great time we had!! thanks again to Lisa Love, Billy, and Gabe for doing what they do!! All the supporters and raffle silent auction donations!! Amazing what a little love can do!!  Congrats again and RESTORE THE BOSH!!!!, Entertainment for this weekend: 
Friday April 13th and Sat April 14th
13th - Sean Fullerton
14th - Bob D'Agostina - American Song book, This weeks entertainment!
Thursday Night April 5th -Acoustic Open Mic! Come see what all the buzz is about!
Friday Night April 6th -"Two for the Road" Acoustic Duo -Classic Rock!
Saturday Night April 7th - Lisa Love Acoustic!
Don't forget to make your reservations!!, Tonight is Acoustic Openn Mic with Guest Host Jeff Grey! Starts at 7:30PM. One of the best Open Mics on the north Shore!, null, Thurs. Mar 29 - Open Mic w/ Mike Walsh
 Fri. Mar 30 - Tim Foley and Mike Marino
 Sat. Mar 31 - Tony Gallo, so this weekend's line up is 

Fri. Mar 23 - Back Track
 Sat. Mar 24 - Cool Change
 
hope to see you there, Tonight it's the Acoustic Open Mic! Hosted by Mike Walsh. Starts at 7:30PM. Recently featured on Merose's Cable Station! Come see what the fuss is all about! You won't be disappointed!, We're going to turn on Ch 3 MMTV tonight at 9PM to watch the ABFAb Acoustic Mic players on Melrose Cable TV! We'll watch it at the bar. Some of the players will be stopping by too! Can autographs be that far behind????, This weekends entertainment: 
Acoustic Open Mic on Thursday! 7:30 to 11PM + w/ your host Mike Walsh
"Two for the Road" w/ Jeff Grey ~ Acoustic Duo on Friday Night.
"Lisa Love" Acoustic Trio on Saturday night!
Don't forget to make your reservations!, Tuesday night we have our guest bartender supporting MS! some of the raffles for the night are



about an hour ago
Jason Do



Some of the raffles tomorrow night:
 
(1) $100 Gift Certificate to Helaine Marie Salon
 (2) $50 Gift Certificates to Vinnies at Night
 (1) 3 Month Gym Membership to Todays Fitness in Woburn
 (1) Signed & Authenticated Photo of Bruins Marc Savard
 Photographs by Patrick Piasecki Photography
 (1) $50 Gift Certificate to ReKinect Salon Spa and Boutique
 (1) $100 Gift Certificate to Eastern Standard Restaurant
 (1) Pepperidge Farm Goodie Basket
 (1) Free Month of Tanning at Hollywood Tan Burlington ($100 Value)
 (1) Mens Frangrance Gift Basket
 (1) Female Fragrance Gift Basket
 (1) Co-ed Frangrance Gift Basket
 (4) $25 Gift Certificates to Boston Burger Co.
 (3) 1 mo. memberships of Muay Thai or MMA at Roshankish Tae Kwon Do
 (4) Ski lift tickets to Waterville Valley
 (1) Intro Session & 2 Mo's Boxing Bootcamp Unlimited at Firicano Boxing and Fitness Center ($188 Value)
 (2) $25 Gift Certificates to Felicias in Stoneham
 (2) Gift Certificates for 2 mens cuts at Basement Barbers in N. Reading
 DJ Torra donating his time make this event memorable.
 http://soundcloud.com/dj-torra
 (1) $25 Gift Certificate to "The Mens Room" Barber Shop
 (2) Red Sox Tickets
 (1) $40 Gift Certificate to Geatanos Restaurant Stoneham
 (1) $50 Gift Certificate to Wholefoods
 (1) 18 Year bottle of Jameson donated from Rapid Liquors in Stoneham
 (1) $50 Gift Certificate to Mother Annas Restaurant in the North End
 (1) Gift basket of products donated by Embelish.
 (1) Nicole's Day spa and salon is donating a $250 GC "Day of Beauty" Collagen Facial, Manicure, Pedicure plus receive a GM Collin Professional Skin care Regimen to take home.

, this weeks entertainment

thurs. Mar 1 - Open Mic w/ Mike Walsh
 Fri. Mar 2 - Audio Motive
 Sat. Mar 3 - Acoustic Underground, It's Thursday night and the Acoustic Open Mic is back tonight! Join host Mike Walsh as some great talent visits Melrose for a fun night of music!, Acoustic Open Mic tonight! Thursday 7:30 PM to 11PM+ and come in and help us celebrate Michelle' s Birthday!, If anyone is interested in getting behind the bar for charity on a tuesday night, please get in touch with Lori at the restaurant........, null, Fantastic last last night, thanks to all that came out!! Acoustic Underground killed it!!
....xoxo....michelle & alayna(bartenders), ** bartender**, Tuesday night guest bartener, Jen Lassiter supporting Melrose High Basketball! Come support Her and the team!!!  Have A "Slam Dunk" or 2, lisa love experience tonight, and yes we will have pats game on tv!!   come rock out with us, Well you've seen this weekends line up below! Marybeth Lineham Maes rockin' the house on Friday night and Lisa Love on Saturday. But it all starts tonight at the Acoustic Open Mic! From 7:30 to 11:00PM all the local talent comes to AbFab! Come watch or play! Hosted by Mike Walsh., next week's guest bartender is melrose's own Jen Lassiter supporting melrose high school basketball team/boosters!, with 2012 here, dont forget to sign up for tuesday guest bartender charity nights!!! raise $$ for the charity of your choice!, Don't forget the enterainment schedule is now on FB! The Monthly Entertainment Schedule is to the left under Events. Just click on events and get up to date on who's at AbFab this month! Mary Beth Lineham Maes next Friday! Lisa Love next Saturday! Mike Maven on the 20th! check it out. Also Hot Acoustic duo Audio Underground will be at AbFab Feb 4th!, Special NYE menu tonight. Sean Fullerton will be in the lounge to help ring in the New Year! Have a safe night everyone! Happy 2012!!!, Busy night tonight. Cool Change rocked tonight! We love you guys!!!! Thanks for a great night!!, Need a great gift for the Holidays, Dont forget an Absolutely Fabulous Gift Certificate to fill those stockings!!! happy holidays, Tonight it's featured performers night at AbFab! Best of the Open Mic'rs. This is one of the strongest line ups we've had in awhile. Drop in and support Live Music in Mass. if you get the chance.
7:30 to 8:30PM ~ Melrose Native - Brian Ahern
8:30 to 9:30PM ~ 2 Introverts - Brian Tomey and Nick Wright
9:30 to 10:30PM ~ Scott Springer, TONIGHT WE ARE HOSTING OUR OPEN MIC SHOWCASE!! FEATURING THE BEST OF THE BEST!! COME DOWN AND SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL TALENT!!!, WEDNESDAY DEC. 7TH WE WILL BE HOSTING ANOTHER WINE PAIRING DINNER!!! 
4 course dinner paired with some fantastic wines...great opportunity to get together with friends and family for the holidays before everyone's schedule gets crazy!! call for reservations   781-620-0940, so SUNDAY DECEMBER 18th we will be hosting our CHRISTMAS BRUNCH WITH SANTA.... 10:30 to 2pm. Santa will be making a special visit during his busy time of year and bringing one of his elves Sean Fullerton to play some music for us!!!   call for a reservation  781-620-0940, Don't forget! You can check the music schedule for the month by clicking on Events over to the left!! December is already posted!!, Checkin' in for the weekend? Here it is. 
It always kicks off on Thursday night with the Acoustic Open Mic. Always a good time with lots of talent and good times!
Friday~ Lisa Love is back unplugged at Ab Fab in Melrose on Friday! Amazing food and martinis..always a fun time but reservations in the lounge are definitely needed...unless you dont mind sitting in the ladies room! 8pm start
Saturday - Kevin Norris returns with another cast of Allstar musicians for a very cool night of music. The weekends all lined up for you!, looking forward to cool change tonight and sean fullerton tomorrow night !, we have 3 openings in december for our tuesday guest bartender charity nights! December 6, 20 &27 are open. if interested pls call lori @ 781-620-0940..., Tuesday's guest bartender is for melrose boys soccer boosters! Come in and support your local soccer team! will be serving the red kick!, Just a reminder that  the Monthly entertainment schedule is now available on our Facebook page! Just go over to the left and click on Events! This weekend, which starts tomorrow, is:
Thursday~Acoustic Open Mic hosted by Mike Walsh
Friday~ Two for the Road , An extremely talented acoustic duo playing Elvis to Coldplay. Comprised of Jeff Grey and Mike Walsh!
Saturday~ Silverlock~ The ladies are back! playing fantastic covers and originals.Comprised of Susanah Doyle and Debbie Silverlock!, A huge thanks to Guest Bartenders Lynda and Tim and all of thier guests for an amazing night! They raised ... are you ready for this...  over $8,900.00 for thier AMAZING charity S.T.E.P.!!! Way to go!!!!!!!!!, huge guest bartender tonight, swing on through and show some support!
black & yellow, black &yellow, LISA LOVE EXPERIENCE TONIGHT! enough said!!, Tonight is another Acoustic Open Mic at Absolutely Fabulous n Melrose!
 Hope you can join us! I'll do a set from 7:30 to 8:15PM then will bring on the players! Ends at 11:00PM~usually! Great food, Great Staff! Great Time!
Weekend entertainment is:
BackTrak on Friday! A must see! 1st time at AbFAb. And the 
Bob D'Agostino band on Saturday!, we had a last minute cancellation for a guest bartender spot for next tuesday, nov 8th. if anyone is interested please message back or call 781-620-0940. join us in raising $$ for your favorite charity, http://melrose.patch.com/events/wine-pairing-dinner, Happy Halloween! Stop in tonight and see Ron and Sandy! Warm up with a cup/bowl of one of our homemade soups and a tasty beverage! The fun starts at 5PM! While you're in don't forget to make a reservation for our next Wine Pairing dinner on 11/30! 4 Courses/4 glasses of wine/ $40.00 per person!, dont forget saturday night will be absolutely spooktackular here at abfab! come wearing costumes(or not) and enjoy with some friends! cool change til 10ish then haunted dj dance party!!, Come in from the cold and warm up with a bowl of our homemade Italian Wedding Soup/ Soup du Jour and/or a tasty cocktail! Tony Gallo is in the lounge tonight! Sure to be an Absolutely Fabulous evening! Call for reservations! 781-620-0940, We have recently scheduled Mike Maven's duo to appear at Absolutely Fabulous in December and again in January. An extremely talented musician, Mike Maven has just released the attached Video. Mike is just one of the new acts we've scheduled to appear at AbFab. In the coming months we will have BackTrax,Kevin Norris,Nightcap,Acoustic Underground, and Mary Beth Maes all appearing at ABFab. , Yea, I know, it might snow!! 
But dammit! That''s why we live in the Northeast! Cause we can take it! We don't let a little thing like an inch of snow stop us from having fun! So put on your snow parka's, snow shoes, tack the dogs to the sled and get down to Absolutely Fabulous for the Acoustic Open Mic Halloween Party! Tonight 7;30 to 11:00PM+.Costumes are optional, but fun! We've got a number of special treats planned for tonight so 
please join us! Have some of Aunt Leena's haunted meatballs, AbFab wine pairing dinner this Wednesday! Four course dinner, each served with a glass of wine from our wine menu for $40.00 per person.  Call now for reservations!!! 781-620-0940, What a BLAST tonight at Ab Fab!!!!  Thanks to all the party People who came down and special thanks you to the LISA LOVE EXPERIENCE!!! You guys ROCK!!!!, Saturday  Oct 29th absolutely Fabulous will be hosting a costume Halloween Party!!
Cool Change to play, then abfab's own Jamil Thompson will be DeeJaying!! should be a frightening good time! Lyndsey & Michelle will both be serving up some cocktails on the bar!!!, Great weekend Absolutely Fabulous, Lisa Love Tonight & Janine Graham Sat!!, FRIDAY NIGHT HAVE HAVE LISA LOVE IN THE LOUNGE AND SAT IS JANINE GRAHAM.MAKE YOUR RESERVATIONS NOW! 781-620-0940, showcasing our open mic night tonight! great talent, great martinis and drinks courtesy of lindsay! come visit us tonight!!!, so another great guest bartender event last night!! thanks to Julie Megan Driscoll Nolan and Kristen Nemeth!! THANKS AGAIN LADIES, We are proud to introduce our new wine menu!!! tomorrow night we are having our wine pairing dinner that is showcasing our new wines!! Stop by and visit and let us know what you think....see you there, we are very excited to have 2 great performers this weekend @ abfab!
Tonight we have Janine  Graham and sat we have Cool Change!!!, dont forget to make your reservations for wednesday 9/28,for our fabulous wine pairing dinner, Another great guest bartender event last night! Melrose Sharing and Caring raised over $1300 and had lots of fun doing it. Dates are still avail for 2011, so dont miss out on raising $$$ for your favorite charity, also wanted to give a shout out to the young musicans who joined Tony Gallo Friday night. job well done, Melrose Sharing and Caring Guest Bartender Evening at Absolutely Fabulous

Sharing and Caring is entering their 40th year 
contibuting to the families and children of Melrose
with special needs.  Celebrate with us Tuesday, September 20th.
This is our first fundraising event for the year with local
"celebrity bartenders", music and raffles.  We look forward to 
your support of Melrose Sharing and Caring.

Peach Sangria is the drink of the night
Musical Guest  Jean Dancewicz, so anyone who reads our posts knows how much money can be raised through our tuesday night guest bartender events. It's a tone of fun and lots of money goes straight to the charity of your choice!! last weeks charities raised $2500!!!!! in one night! we have some avail dates left for this year if anyone wants to take a date please comment with your info and i will get back to you. avail dates are sept 27,oct 11, nov 1,22,29, and dec 6,13,20,27!!, I would like to thank Lorie Genzler and Cameron Ahern Judge for their hard work on this past Tuesdays guest bartender event.  I am happy to say that they raised $2500 for the Ray Rocha Schollarship fund and for Cystic Fibrosis.  For all keeping track,, that beats out our past leader by nearly $1000!!!!!!  GREAT JOB GIRLS!!!!, TUES.SEPT 2OTH GUEST BARTENDER CHARITY IS
SHARING AND CARING,  Who reaches out to children with special needs by 
providing schools, families and other organizations with supplies, equipment, event sponsorship, etc. SAC grants have funded camp opportunities, classroom equipment, assistive technology equipment, music lessons, a home ramp, playground equipment, physical therapy equipment, partnerships with Melrose Best Buddies program. PLEASE COME SUPPORT THIS GREAT CAUSE AS THEY SUPPORT MELROSE, sorry, due to accomadating a last minute function for one of our patrons, we cannot host sunday football in the bar room this week!, Another fabulous weekend is expected and it all begins tonight with Janine Graham.  Call for reservations 781-620-0940, Come celebrate the one year anniversary of Acoustic Open Mic Night with Mike Walsh! Great food, amazing drinks and unbelievable talent! You won't be sorry! The fun starts at 7PM!, TGIF!!! Come in this weekend for some fabulous food and amazing drinks.  The live entertainment performing in the lounge tonight is Cool Change; and tomorrow night Silverlock is performing.  You DON'T want to miss these two great performance.  Call for reservations! 781-620-0940, null, Guest Bartender Night is back!! Join AbFab's very own Paco behind the bar tonight making Blueberry Mojito's for Autism Speaks!, Guest Bartender Night is returning 8/2/11 & our very own Paco will be behind the bar making Blueberry Mojito’s for his team Luke’s Lion’s which will be taking part in Autism Speaks annual Walk for Autism taking place 10/2/11 at Suffolk Downs.  So come on in support this great cause! If you are not able to attend but still want to donate- click the link below for Luke’s Lions.  , Want to do something fun tonight?  Dreading going out to Boston and looking/paying for parking?  Come to AbFab tonight for a some amazing food and refreshing Mojito or Sangria! Oh yea and live entertainment tonight!!!!!! Tonight Kelly O'Malley will be playing the piano joined by Nick on cello.  Excellent food, excellent drinks and Absolutely Fabulous music! Sounds like the perfect evening!, Check us out on twitter! AbFabMelrose, Back from our mini vacation! Come on in tonight.  As always great food and Open Mic! Sure to be a great evening!!!, Hey everyone: We are taking a mini break this week.  We will be closed Monday through Wednesday and opening back up on Thursday July 14th! Have a great week!!!, Hey everyone we will be on vacation until July 6th! But don't worry we will be back July 7th!!! Have a wonderful and safe 4th of July!!, Come one come all,, Cory's last night on Friday................., Tonight we have Mayor Rob Dolan and Joe Nevin in the lounge raising funds for the melrose band,, come on down........, Congrats to Cliff and Kerrie Jones who raised over $500 for the north east animal shelter at our guest bartending night here at Ab FAb!!!!!!!!!!  What a blast too!!!!, This upcoming Tuesday is Cliff and Kerrie Jones on the bar at Ab Fab.........  Come on down and join in the fun!!!!, Thanks to Greg Penta who also donated his time on Tuesday an Dj'd or event....., Thanks to our guest bartenders last Tuesday Derek Costa and Wally Johnson who showed us an AWESOME time, some FABULOUS MAI TAIS and raised over $1200.00 for the Churchill Melrose Baseball.....YEAH!!!!, Come one come all,,, Guest Bartenders Wally Johnson & Dereck Costa at the bar tomorrow night raising money for the Melrose Little League!!!!!!!!  Fabulous food, music and people,, come on down starting at 7 pm......, The fun continues tonight with Bob D'Agostino in the AbFab Lounge. Come ceck them out., It's going to be another exciting weekend at AbFab! It all starts tonight with Two by Two!, If you're not at AbFab tonight for Open Mic night then watch Chronicle tonight at 7:30 on channel 5. One of our favorite performers Lisa Love and her band the Lisa Love Experience will be on!!!, Which do you prefer..., Best party snack is:, If I could only eat one thing for the rest of my life it would be..., Best summer party drink..., What is your favorite comfort food?, What special dessert would you like to see added?, Happy Birthday to Chef Lori Muse!, Special thanks going out to guest bartenders Matt Botto and Jennifer Marshall of Melrose who raised $500.00 for a local Melrose family.  Good job guys!!!!  What an AWESOME night!!!!!!, Special Thanks to Guest Bartenders Julie Brown and Gary Tremonte who raised over $500 last tuesday for Susan G Komen..............  Awesome Job Guy!!!!, Hey everyone if you haven't been to AbFab's Open Mic Night you have no idea what you are missing.  Amazing local talent and some absolutely fabulous food.  Come join us and see why the Phantom Gourmet thinks we are a Hidden Gem!, null, What a great night last night! Thanks to Gary and Julie for doing an excellent job volunteering their time and raising money for an absolutely fabulous charity! Also, thanks to all who came out to support these two and their charity, The Susan G. Komen Foundation.  Some pics from last night will be posted later today!, Come in tomorrow night and support our guest bartenders Gary and Julie as they shake not, not stir Chambord Pink-Tini's to benefit the Susan G. Komen Foundation., Ok all we can say about last night is WOW! A Pair O'Lisa's special St. Patrick's Day performance was UNBELIEVABLE! Always great to see our friends, Kathy, Ed, Gary, Maria, Jen and so many others! Thanks for coming in and celebrating St. Patrick's Day with us!

Trusting Fate is performing in the lounge tonight.  Rumor has it they have some new tunes for tonights gig.  Come check them out!, GIRLS RULE!!!!  Come join our St. Patricks day PARTY!!!!  Lisa Love and Lisa Guyer back by popular demand!!!!!!!!!!!!!, Come in this weekend and sample our asian inspired specials, wine specials and most of all Two by Two on Friday and the Fabulous Lisa Love Experience on Saturday....  Good Times, Thinking that we might start a weekly movie/game night every wednesday at Ab Fab in the bar........  Looking for input and movie ideas........, Ok so last night was our first Guest Bartender Event with Melrose own Daivd Lucas on the bar!!!!  What an awesome turnout!!!!!! I am proud to say that the bar was PACKED all night and we raised over $750.00 for the Melrose Schollarship Fund.. YEAH DAVE!!!!!, Come on down this weekend for some great jazz,,, Bob Diagistino on Friday and Tony Gallo on Saturday............, Great artists showcase tonight,, the bar is packed!!!!!!!!!!!, Hey everyone we're having phone problems but we're open. Come on in!!!, We have a great weekend planned,, Sean Fullerton is back on Friday night with his Fabulous one man show,,, and on Saturday back again by popular demand Janine Graham.  Also ask about our wine specials for the week,,,, Campo Viejo Rioja and  Mc Manis Chardonay both are$20 per bottle and $6 per  glass.  Give them a try and let us know what you think, working on the new wine list............., Going to be a fun filled exciting weekend at AbFab!!! Preacher Jack is performing in the lounge tonight and the award winning Lisa Love Experience will be performing tomorrow night!!! Both nights are sure to be fun-filled and very entertaining! Come on in and check out these two great performances!!, We did it!  Over 1,000 fans!!! Congratulations Christine!!!, WOW only two fans away from 1,000 fans!!!! WooHoo!!!!!!!!!!, What a week! It all starts up again to tomorrow for Valentine's Day!!!  Some Absolutely Fabulous specials will be served up tomorrow and a special V-Day performance by Tony Gallo in the Lounge starting at 7pm! We'll be there tomorrow at 11AM so call for your reservations! 781-620-0940, null, Interested in our Open Mic Night or want to know in advance who is performing at AbFab.... check out Mike Walsh's Open Mic page! , What a night last night!!! A Pair of Lisa's were AWESOME!!!! Thank you to everyone that came in last night.  It was great to see so many of our favorite guests, Maria, Lizzy, John, Jen and many new guests like Mike, Nick and the Phantom Gourmet!!
 
Tonight is going to be another great night Cool Change is performing and they always rock! Come on in and check them out!, Big day today!!! The Phantom Gourmet will be in from 3-7 filming and then A Pair if Lisa's will be performing at 7:30! Call for reservations
781-620-0940!!!, A Pair of Lisa's will performing in the lounge starting at 7:30 and while they are they the Phantom Gourmet camera crew will be in! So come on in for an amazing performance, absolutely fabulous food and maybe your chance to appear on T.V.

Come on in and celebrate with us! It is sure to be an unbelievable night!!!!

Call for reservations, 781-620-0940, What an exciting week ahead at AbFab.  A Pair of Lisa's are performing this Thursday night oh and The Phantom is going to be there filming as well... yup that is right The Phantom Gourmet is going to be at AbFab this Thursday! We are SUPER excited! So come on in, enjoy some amazing food, amazing music and maybe even be on T.V.
 
Oh and don't forget to call us for reservations for Valentine's Day!!! 781-620.0940, Call us today for Valentine's Day reservations! 781-620-0940, <3 Love is in the air! <3 Call AbFab today for your Valentine's Day Reservation. 781-620-0940, What an AMAZING night last night! The Lisa Love Experience ROCKED! 

Always nice to see our friends Kathy, Ed, Gary, Maria, Paula, Rick, Lisa, and so many others! 

Another great performance is scheduled for tonight, Elle Gallo and Even Goodrow! Stop in for a bite, a tasty beverage and enjoy some good music!, Open Mic Night tonight!!!  Come on in for some great tunes and food!!!, Talia and her Seafood Fra Diavolo, Great Music and Awesome Food every Tuesday night with Evan Goodrow,,, Starting tomorrow January 18th....  His new cd "Say It" featured on 92.9 The River and WMVY radio................ Come on in and try a sample of our newest edition FRIED MAC & CHEESE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, Due to the Blizzard we will be closed tomorrow! Good day to to stay in and cuddle up on the sofa! Exciting weekend coming up Silverlock is playing Friday night and Two by Two will in on Saturday! Two great acts! Come on in!, Awesome night last night with Evan Goodrow!!!!!!!!  Great to see all my family in the restaurant as well......... Thinking of you Auntie SiS................., We hope you all had a wonderful New Years! We will be closed for a few days. We will re-open Thursday!, Joey Pappas ringing in the New Year at Absolutely Fabulous!, Happy New Year!, Call Absolutely Fabulous today for New Years Eve Dinner reservations. Call today 781-620-0940, Merry Christmas from Everyone at Absolutely Fabulous!, Thanks to all who came in for our holiday open mic last night,,, what an awesome night!!!!!!!, Only a few days left.  Have you started shopping yet?  AbFab Gift Certificates make the perfect stocking stuffer!, Ho Ho Holy crap you haven't started your shopping yet?  No worries, come in to AbFab and pick up a gift certificate or two.  While you're in there have a bite to eat.  Who says shopping has to be stressful?, What a weekend!!! Brunch was soooo much fun! Lisa Love was amazing as usual! Thank you everyone who came and joined us today! Big thanks to the Big Man in Red who stopped by! Looks like we are all on the "Nice List.", null, Lisa Love Experience brunch is tomorrow from 11-2. Have you made your reservations? 781-620-0940. We can't wait!, Julie Doherty is performing in the Lounge tonight. Take a break from the holidays and stop in for some good music and amazing food. While you're visiting try one of our new candy inspired martinis! The Almond Joy is Absolutely Fabulous!!, We're down to the single digit folks. No not the temp... days until Christmas!! Not sure what to get that difficult to shop for person on your list or for those dreadful yankee swaps? Stop into AbFab today and pick up a gift certificate or two. Avoid the malls and the "perfect parking space" hunt. Come in today!, The best way to spread holiday cheer is by singing loud for all to hear! Come sing along with the Lisa Love Experience this Sunday at the Lisa Love Experience Christmas Brunch. Call AbFab for reservations 781-620-0940! Brunch is 11-2 and LLE will be performing 12-2!, Yikes there are only 11days until Christmas!!! Have you finished or even started your Christmas shopping?  Save some time and skip the malls stop in to AbFab today and purchase an AbFab Gift Certificate., We had another fun and exciting week at Absolutely Fabulous.  Did you see us on TV Diner?  Billy Costa raved about our Cod Putanesca, Butternut Squash Raviolis and the AbFab Steak & Cheese.  So we want to what's your favorite AbFab dish?, Did you see us on TV Diner? Billy Costa gave a shout out to Lori and Auntie Lena!!! Come in and try our Cod Putanesca, AbFab Steak and Cheese and Butternut Squash Ravioli. Billy Costa loved them... so will you!!!, null, Looks like it is going to be another fun Friday night tonight at Absolutely Fabulous.  Trusting Fate will be performing in the Lounge tonight! Join us for some great food and music! 

Don't forget, AbFab will be on NECN's TV Diner tomorrow morning.  Check your local listing for stations and the Lisa Love Experience Christmas Brunch is 12/19 from 11-2.  Call for reservations.  781-620-0940., Looking for a stocking stuffer?  Not sure what to get that difficult person on your holiday gift list? Stop in and pick up an AbFab Gift Certificate., Baby it's cold outside! Come in for lunch and warm up with some Italian Wedding Soup or our 5 Cheese Mac & Cheese. While you're there finish your holiday shopping and pick up an AbFab Gift Certificate or two and don't forget the Lisa Love Experience Brunch 12/19. Make your reaervations while you're there or call for reservations. 781-620-0940!, Looking for a new holiday tradition? Call today for reservations for the Lisa Love Experience Christmas Brunch, December 19th. Lots of traditional sing a longs LLE style and of course fabulous food! Call for reservations 781-620-0940. Brunch is from 11-2pm and LLE play 12-2. Reservations are filling up quickly so call today!

Check AbFab out on NECN's TV Diner this Saturday, December 11 at 10AM on NECN!, Looking for a new holiday tradition? Call today for reservations for the Lisa Love Experience Christmas Brunch.  Lots of traditional sing a longs LLE style and of course fabulous food! Call for reservations 781-620-0940. Brunch is from 11-2pm and LLE play 12-2. Reservations are filling up quickly so call today!, Last night was GREAT! LLE was awesome! Thanks for a fantastic night. We are looking forward to another great night tonight Marybeth Maes will be in the Lounge performing tonight.  Come in for some great food and music!, Lisa Love Experience is performing in the Lounge this evening! Come in and enjoy some great food and enjoy the Lisa Love Experience acoustic set! 

Looking for a new holiday tradition? Call today for reservations for the Lisa Love Experience Christmas Brunch
Lots of traditional sing a longs LLE style and of course fabulous food! Call for reservations 781-620-0940. Brunch is from 11-2pm and LLE play 12-2., Call AbFab today to book your Holiday Party or Luncheon or to inquire about us catering your Holiday event! 781-620-0940!! 

Open Mike tonight with Mike Walsh 7-11!!!!, Looking to book your holiday party or luncheon?  Call AbFab and book your party or have us caterer it! 781-620-0940, Big Day today!!! NECN's T.V. Diner is coming in for lunch today!! Stop in for lunch and maybe you will be on TV too!!
 
Also tonight is AbFab Game Night with 1/2 price apps from 6-8PM.  Come on in, play a game, sip an adult tasty beverage and enjoy some apps!, A big thanks to everyone that celebrated our one year anniversary week! It really does mean a lot to us!
 
Another fun filled exciting week at AbFab!
 
Tonight Ron is behind the bar, tomorrow night is our first ever game night with 1/2 Price appetizers from 6-8pm and the biggest news, tomorrow we will have a very special guest for lunch tomorrow... NECN's T.V. Diner will be filming at AbFab!!!, What a great night! Thank you to all of our guests for coming and celebrating our one year anniversary and a big special thanks to Cool Change! You were great!!, null, It was one year ago today that a thought, dream and passion became a reality! Thank you all for your support and patronage. 

Join us tonight as we celebrate our one year anniversary. Cool change an absolutely fabulous band is playing tonight., Happy Thanksgiving! We all hope you have an Absolutely Fabulous Thanksgiving!, Have you started your holiday cooking yet?  Are you ready for the in-laws? Come in to AbFab tonight and order a light bite and a tasty adult beverage off our lounge menu and forget about cooking and those pesky in-laws! 
 
If you think our one year anniversary celebration was exciting, just wait until you hear about what is happening next week... nope I am not telling you yet..., Starting next Tuesday November 30th Ab Fab will be hosting a weekly game night..  Come join the fun and enjoy or 1/2 priced apps from 6-8pm......., We had another fun night at Absolutely Fabulous last night! It was so wonderful to see many familiar faces last night.  Our one year anniversary celebration is still going on so why not take a break from the holiday stress and come on in for bite to eat and a nice cocktail.  While you're visiting, why not start or finish your holiday shopping and purchase an AbFab Gift Certificate!, We had another fun night at Absolutely Fabulous last night! It was so wonderful to see many familiar faces last night.  Our one year anniversary celebration is still going on so why not take a break from the holiday stress and come on in for bite to eat and a nice cocktail.  While you're visiting, why not start or finish your holiday shopping and purchase an AbFab Gift Certificate!, A lot of exciting events happening at AbFab this week! Tonight we welcome back everyones favorite bartender Ronnie and we begin celebrating our one year anniversary. 
Have you checked the "Update" section of your Facebook email for Absolutely Fabulous savings this week?, Had a great weekend at Absolutely Fabulous! Two amazing groups performed Friday and Saturday night.  Big week ahead at AbFab! We're turning one!!! Check the update section of your inbox for some Absolutely Fabulous savings as we celebrate our one year anniversary! It all starts tomorrow!, Absolutely Fabulous is celebrating our one year anniversary and we want to thank you, our loyal guests! Go to your inbox and look under updates for some Absolutely Fabulous specials beginning November 22, 2010!!!, Follow Absolutely Fabulous on Twitter!!!  AbFabMelrose on Twitter, Presenting the PAIR OF LISA'S this Thursday October 14th........  Lisa Love & Lisa Guyer and all their Fabulousness.............. Come down for the PARTY!!!!!!!!, We are offering some new entertainment for the  Thursday night OPEN MIC!!!  Mike Walsh,, our newest addition to the ab fab team will be hosting the first and third thursday of the month............  Come on in and listen to some local talent,, starting at 7:30pm...., Come down and try our new bar menu items and our summer specialty drinks...  Watermellon Mojito, pink lemonade martini, and coming soon our candy inspired line of drinks,,,,,, try the sour lemonhead martini,,, it's awesome!!!!!, Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful Moms out there............  Us kids would be no where without you...................................., Due to the water ban Absolutely Fabulous will be closed Monday and Tuesday this week.......  Come down on Wednesday for Cinco de Mayo..............., Thanks to Lydia Harrell for a Fabulous evening!!!!!, This Friday the Infamous PREACHER JACK returns............., Loving the sing along tonight,,,, Thanks Elle and Evan!!!!!!!!!!!, Unfortunately we have decided to discontinue brunch,,,,,,,,,,,, We will now be closed all day on Sunday and at the request of our patrons, we will open on Tuesdays at 5pm for dinner ( look for tuesdays mid April)...... sorry for the inconvience............., Open Mic Thursdays at Ab Fab,,,,,,,,, starting March 11th.............., Thanks again the Mary Beth Maes and friends,,, last nights show was awesome........., Hello all,,,,,  The beautiful Janine Graham will be in the lounge this Saturday night from 8 to 11pm,,, come on down and share in the fun....................., Hey all,, did anyone catch our review in the Sunday Globe?????  thanks to all our employees for all their hard work......, Ab Fab will be starting Jazz brunch this Sunday January 24th.......... Roast Prime Rib, Eggs Bennedict, Chicken & Waffles fresh squeezed juices and Belinis,,just to name a few.....  Come down and see us..... Kids welcome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, Sorry to all fior the confusion,,, we were forced to close by the city of melrose for a whole building fire alarm update........ sorry for the confusion,,, we will be open for business again on January 14th as the Melrose Rotarians have rented out the space on the 13th for their annual holiday extravaganza!!!!!!!, Chefs tasting New Years menu ( 5 courses plus dessert and a chanpagne toast)  with Fabulous entertainment,, tickets are still available $100,,,,,,,  All others who wish to come down and order off the regular menu,,, we will be charging a $20 cover charge,,,  Hope to see everyone there,,, Have a safe and Happy New Year!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, Happy Holidays!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Hope everyone gets to unwind and spend quality time with loved ones and Friends........  Be well......................., We are also planning to offer a Fabulous Hotel type Sunday Brunch to start after the first of the year,,,,,,,,, hours will be 10:30 - 3:30 mimosas and Bloody marys for all......., Hours of operation are Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday from 4-close,,, the kitchen closes at 10pm but we will offer a late night menu on the weekends...., Ok Guys,,, Here is our new number for the restaurant / reservations etc..... Sorry for the delay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ( 781 ) 620- 0940, Hi everyone......... so here is the deal,, the phone was just hooked up and they gave us a crappy number (316)??????  we are getting a new one this week,, so we didn't want to post the wrong one,,,,,,,,, sorry guys stay tuned.................., ok everyone,,,, Friday is definately the day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  We open for dinner st 4pm Yeah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, Fun time this weekend,,, thanks to all who came down................, ok peeps!!!!!!!!!!!  Friday or Saturday night from 6-10pm  Open house in the new place,,,, food, drinks, live music and fun for all................ YEAH!!!!!  Hope to see you all there..., The Final Countdown............................., 500+ Fans!!!!!!! Yeah!!!!!!, stained our final chair today,,, we are getting really close!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, due to a loss to our family,, we will be postponing the opening.........  Invites will go out thru the mail and facebook when we have nailed down the new date.....  Can't wait to see everyone again.............. Thanks for being patient..............., Thanks to everyone for all their hard work!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I think we might be actually seeing the light at the end of the tunnel..... Yeah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, Sad to say our open house party will have to be pushed back to October 23rd,,,, But happy to report Ben Affleck will be filming in melrose square that week..............                                          Yeah Ben!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, Did anyone see us on television the other night????  All went well with our meetings......, is going on a road trip to New York tomorrow morning on a hunt for tables..., thinks that we should have at least 250 fans by the end of Friday.... Only 17 more to go :-), Materials and Inspirational Pictures for the New Restaurant Space., would like to know who left the post-it note on the door.... We Loved It :-), will be adding more pictures and updates on Tuesday..., null, null, null, 's page is a work in progress so stay tuned for many exciting updates and please add any photos and reviews you may have from Absolutely Fabulous Weekends at Cedar Perk :-), wine locker being built, null)