List(Hey There, Boston geeks and gamers! If you haven't already been gleefully skipping around at the advent of PAX East 2016 next month, get hype! The Portal Team will be among the army of enthusiastic con-goers and epic cosplays, reppin' the future of gaming here in Boston! So be sure to stop us and say hello!

And as if that wasn't enough, we'd like to give you something else to get excited about! From now until the very end of PAX weekend, Portal will be hosting a game system giveaway! For free! Just like the page (if you haven't already), and comment on this post with a quote from your favorite video game character (extra points if it's pre-PS2/Xbox era!) to be entered to win a game system of your choice! In addition, Portal will be in attendance at our favorite local gaming event pre-PAX, Game Over (as always), which will take place prior to the con on Tuesday the 19th. We will be facilitating giveaway entry, with an added twist! Partnering with our friends at Moulah, additional entries will be purchasable, and through the Moulah app, leave your cash behind and pay via Moulah for a chance to win special Portal swag. (Currently only available for iOS users).

Good luck, and hope to see many of you soon!
- Portal Team, Any Bostonian gamers out there that can relate? We sure hope so!, More interesting news to break in the new year - apparently, table-toppers make better people!

In a study conducted by American Journal of Clinical Hypnosis, two measurement scales were used to assess qualities exhibited by 127 gamers, the Davis Interpersonal Reactivity Index, (measuring empathy), and the Tellegen Absorption Scale, (measuring information retention). The results found that those who played games that incorporated elements of comradery and teamwork in their sessions develop the necessary social skills to relate to one another, and the imagination to hypothesize what it's like to be in someone else's position, whether slaying a dragon or having a bad day.

This just reinforces Portal's desire to bring to Boston a place where you can let your geek flag fly high! #gamerpride, Crazy gaming news to break in the new year! Terry Garrett, an engineering student at the University of Colorado, finished a task he set forth to complete in 2011, finishing The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. While this may not sound impressive for those of us familiar with the classic N64 RPG, there is one caveat: Terry is blind.

That's right. Relying heavily on audio queues, this dedicated gamer pushed past all conceivable boundaries to beat one of the most critically acclaimed games of all time, certainly one of our favorites here at Portal. We've linked the video of Terry finishing off with the epic fight against Ganon, if you guys are curious to see how he did it it! (Hint: it requires pretty integral use of Save States!), Portal eSports News: Former Celtics Small Forward Rick Fox drops $1 million on the purchase of professional NA League of Legends team Gravity Gaming, formerly Curse Academy and to be yet again renamed Echo Fox, marking one of the first major capital purchases in eSports, and surfacing mainstream recognition of video games as not only a professional realm, but a money maker worth investing in!

Who's excited to see the future of pro gaming unfold?!, * Portal News Update! *

Our first Kickstarter initiative, one of many future opportunities to get involved with making Portal a reality in Boston, has come to a close! Though we didn't make our goal, we are very excited to make connections with Boston's geeks and gamers, and use what we've learned to improve our approach in bringing Portal to life! Rest assured, we're on it, and plan to make some big announcements very soon!

What can you do to help in the interim, you ask? Spread the word! If you know anyone who would appreciate Portal's goal to create an epic new nightlife destination with gamers in mind, invite them to like the page, and be a part of the ongoing conversation!

We appreciate all the support, and look forward to getting this show on the road!

Thankful and excited,
The Portal Team, Exiting news! Take-Two Interactive, with its recent acquisition of the Boston-based Irrational Games (responsible for the Bioshock series), has hinted at the development of a new open/semi-open world, narrative FPS, assumably similar to Borderlands or Shadows of Mordor, set in a scifi universe. The guys and gals at Portal can't help but wonder if it will take on the shape of something like the 2007 FASA Studio release of Shadowrun, which utilized a Counterstrike-esque buy system to acquire weapons, and spells, in a team-based, multiplayer-only frag fest, but unfortunately lacked any kind of campaign - perhaps a mistake Take-Two won't repeat!

We want to hear what you think, Boston! Would you welcome the next Destiny? Is there room for a new FPS? We think the future of gaming is exciting, and you should too!, How do Boston gamers feel about the new FFVII? Since the trailer hit yesterday, The Portal Team has been debating furiously amongst ourselves - some saying they like the life the new deviations from the original bring to the game, other more...purist team members feeling like they are doing the original a disservice. Check out the trailer and let us know what you think!, As we approach the last leg of our Kickstarter campaign with just 10 days remaining, we want to thank everyone who has reached out to us in support of The Portal Project. We've thoroughly enjoyed meeting all you Bostonian game enthusiasts, and regardless of the outcome of this first-of-many crowdfunding opportunities to come, we are rolling full steam ahead to bring Portal to Boston!

If you haven't yet and would like to pledge support via Kickstarter, now would be the time! Even if our goal is not met, we'd love to see the community get involved, and be able to connect with those of you who are just as passionate as we are to make this happen asap! Any questions or concerns can be raised via Kickstarter, a private message here, or through email @ portalgamebar@gmail.com. Thanks for your continued support!

Gratefully,
The Portal Team

https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1003199855/portal-game-bar-and-lounge-in-boston, What do you think, Boston gamers? Any of these meet your standards?, Happy Friday, Boston! Especially for you Whovians out there looking for a lil' nerd fashion to spice up the holidays (or friends of said nerd if you're looking for gift ideas), because Hot Topic just launched an entire line of women's clothing designed by Her Universe inspired by the epic franchise. Check it out!, 2015 Game Awards go live in 20 minutes! See some of the heaviest hitters of the year, alongside the biggest indie games to hit the scene., How would you guys like to see an 8-player, cooperative, social retro gaming experience in Boston?! We sure would!

ETH Zurich in collaboration with Disney researchers have developed a 360°panoramic projection system that displays a continuous stream of moving video, which they combine with an original NES supporting a seamless "hand-off" of gameplay over 8 different controllers. Check out the video and see for yourself!, So this just dropped, and the internet is already freaking out. The Portal Team is freaking out, too. #jackisback, Good morning, geeks and gamers! But a particularly good morning to all you cosplayers out there, because...

One of our network partners, Wycked Lenses, is giving away two free pairs of their FDA approved fx contact lenses. All you have to do is like the post, share the giveaway, and write a lil' somethin' about what fx lenses do for your cosplay!

The Portal Team is constantly hunting for opportunities the community can benefit from, and with a large portion of fx lenses not being safe because they aren't FDA approved, we want to raise awareness and at the same time point you in the right direction to a quality product! Happy Saturday, everyone!, Hey everyone! Good to see those of you who came out to Game Over last night. Thanks for your continued support as we enter the final stretches of our Kickstarter period! In the spirit of support, we want to share with you one of our entertainment partners Project iRadio going live @ 8PM EST as they play some games, engage in playful banter, and share some of their insights on gaming culture. Check it out!, PAX East 2016 is here! Enter the queue and get your ticket!, Our Productions Team felt like Fallout deserved some love, given that it's based in Boston! Here's Radioactive  w/ The Macy Kate Band ft. Kurt Schneider in a Fallout 4 montage of epic proportions. Enjoy!, Portal Game Bar Is Live On Kickstarter, And Needs Your Help, Boston!, The Portal Team will be in attendance @ Game Over once again this month. Come check out this awesome chance to have a drink, and mingle with the gamer crowd of Greater Boston (we promise it's not as scary as it sounds). If you're curious about The Portal Project or this epic event, come check it out, and say hello!, The Portal Productions Team has put together a Fallout 4 tribute to the tune of Imagine Dragons' Radioactive, covered by the Macy Kate Band ft Kurt Schneider. Check it out!, We're getting there, fellow geeks and gamers! Portal just reached its first Kickstarter Milestone - $1000! We've now funded the first of 25, but we're not out of the woods just yet!

We humbly beseech all you geeks and gamers to help us out! In addition to all the work we're doing behind the scenes to get Portal noticed, we need your unique influence! We cannot stress enough how valuable your mentions are, in person and on social media. If we all do our part, we're confident the next 24 will come easily by deadline day. So if an epic, one-of-a-kind, never been seen before gamer haven with the best craft beer, games selection, and combined culture Boston has to offer is something you just can't do without any longer, spread the word!

- The Portal Team
https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1003199855/portal-game-bar-and-lounge-in-boston, Tune in as Portal CEO Scott Hussein Teabo joins geekbeatradio on the air tonight for a Q&A about The Portal Project!, Alright, folks! We're one week into the first phase of our Kickstarter, and feeling good! We wanted to gauge our reach in this time, so that we can move forward with spreading the word as needed! Stay tuned for updates on our next moves, as we are scheduled for radio interviews, article features, and more. Thanks to all the first week backers, we've got a very special surprise for you once the campaign is complete. ^_^

If you haven't backed yet, you've got until Midnight Dec 15th, but don't wait that long! It helps a great deal to show that there is an initial interest - once funding picks up, the project will get noticed more easily and pick up in speed!, Attention, Boston gamers! Bit Fest will be hosting another great gaming event on the 22nd, and we hope to see you there!, And we're live people! Calling all geeks, gamers, and craft beer lovers in the Greater Boston Area! The bar you've been waiting for is finally here...well, with your help, of course! Lets get this show on the road!
#entertheportal, Happy Halloween from The Portal Team! Not only do we love All Hallows, but we are excited for another reason...

We are just hours away from our Kickstarter Launch! We have been working hard to get the word out, but please help us by sharing and talking to all your geek and gamer friends about bringing Portal to Boston! Below is our promo video, so check us out, and support this epic project! #entertheportal, 15 DAYS TO KICKSTARTER LAUNCH!

The Portal Team is getting geared up and ready to make it happen. Get ready to help us bring Portal to Boston! #EnterThePortal, Portal would like to share an amazing card game Now Everyone Get The F%$# Out coming from Boston's very own Starcap Games. Check it out, the Kickstarter just went live today!, If you want to get in touch with the geeks and gamers of Boston, Game Over will be hosting an event next Tuesday with games, drinks, and good company over at Laugh Boston. Come out and mingle! The Portal Team will be there!, Hello traveler, and Welcome to Portal!

We're happy to announce our Official Kickstarter Launch Date will be November 1st! We're still working out all the details with reward tiers, timeline, design and more, but will be ready to roll out by the time Launch Day arrives!

We look forward to your support in bringing Boston its very first dedicated social spot for the geek and gamer with an affinity for great beer!)