List(null, Come on by for Happy Hour and be treated to a live set by Matt Fulton, then stick around for some more awesomeness with  The Spittin Vinnies at 10pm, 9 days left before the Boston Red Sox 2016 season begins!, Friday nights are always great at the Green Dragon!  Come on by tonight for some #livemusic with Incadence!, null, null, null, null, null, Happy St. Patrick's Day!  We open at 10am today, cheers!, Happy Pi Day!  #PiDay, Bruins are playing some pretty good hockey lately!, Boston Bruins take on The Florida Panthers tonight.  2 BIG pts on the line.  We will have it live at 7:30. #bostonirishpub, #StPatricksDay Weekend at the Green Dragon!  We open at 10am on the 17th and will have live music all day!, null, null, Come on by from 5-7:30pm for #happyhour hosted by Dave Andrews Funny Musician & stick around for some awesome #livemusic courtesy of local rock sensations Bare Bones Boston !, Happy Hour today is from 5-7:30pm!  Drop in for a pint and be treated to Matt Fulton's awesome acoustic set.  Later on tonight we will have the Boston Bruins vs Nashville Predators and a rocking set from The Spittin Vinnies at 10pm., Congratulations to our MA native artists who won at #TheGrammys last night;

-Nantucket's Meghan Trainor for Best New Artist
-Stoughton native Lori McKenna who won two Grammys, one for Best Country Duo/Group Performance and one for Best Country Song
-Our hometown Boston Symphony Orchestra for Best Orchestral Performance
-and last but not least, Newton's own Louis C.K. for Best Comedy Album

Great job guys, way to make us #BostonProud!, null, #BOSvsLA Come catch the game with us.  Lots of time left to play and lots of choices to make! #bostonirishpub, Come on by tonight for some live music with Mike Hughes from 5-7:30 and then Wing Man hits the stage at 9:30.  #livemusic #bostonirishpub #TGIF, What's your favorite Gordon Ramsay meme? #angrychef, The fun kicks off at 9pm tonight.  Free Admission! Local talent welcome.  #openmiccomedy #bostonirishpub #livecomedy, We are half way to the weekend!  Tonight we have Dave Andrews Funny Musician at 5pm and Bare Bones Boston at 9:30., Thanks for the memories & RIP!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4ueaD22hg8, Comedy Open Mic night starts at 9pm.  Laughter is the best medicine and we will be writing prescriptions all night!, http://www.patriots.com/news/2016/01/15/keys-starting-lineup-presented-carmax-turnovers-and-health-will-be-difference, http://www.bruinsdaily.com/2016/01/13/game-day-preview-bruins-at-flyers-january-13-2016/, Many people come to the Green Dragon for our rich history and stay for our delicious classic Irish meals and unique specialty drinks. Here's a peak into some of the thing's our staff is whipping up....., Many people come to the Green Dragon for our rich history and stay for our delicious classic Irish meals and unique specialty drinks. Here's a peak into some of the thing's our staff is whipping up....., Happy Birthday Norman Reedus!, We hope you all had great holidays and wish you a Happy New Year!  Come on by tonight for some live music ad laughs, Dave Andrews Funny Musician hits the stage around 9pm!, Feeling sick of the holidays?  Laughter is the best medicine! Join us tonight for some Open Mic Comedy at 9!  #openmicjokes #lol #bostonirishpub, Buy your NYE ticket using the promo code NYE2016 before 10PM tomorrow night and save $5 on an epic New Year's celebration with Closing Time! 

https://www.eventbrite.com/e/the-green-dragon-tavern-nye-party-tickets-19607246803?discount=NYE2016, Wishing you the joy of family, the gift of friends, and the best of everything in 2016!, Our NYE ticket discount is available now!! Buy your ticket before Sunday night and save $5! Don't miss out on your chance to celebrate the new year with Closing Time!

https://www.eventbrite.com/e/the-green-dragon-tavern-nye-party-tickets-19607246803?discount=NYE2016, Friday nights are epic at the Green Dragon.  Tonight we have John & Colby hitting the stage at 5pm to get things started, followed by Project DCQ at 9:30.  Come by early to avoid line ups. #TGIF #livemusic #bostonirishpub, THIS WEEKEND ONLY: $5 off The Green Dragon's 2016 NYE ticket! Use the link below starting Friday at 9AM and save on your NYE celebration with Boston's best party band, Closing Time!, null, The Boston Bruins visit the Canadiens de Montréal tonight in an original six matchup that is always played with playoff intensity.  Catch the game with us and be treated to live music before and after with Dave Andrews Funny Musician (5pm) and Bare Bones Boston (9pm).  #gobruins #originalsix #nhlgamenight #livemusic #bostonirishpub, Get your tickets now for only $25!
Follow the link:

https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=7S55DQMJPWFV2, Come celebrate NYE at the Green Dragon. Featuring #ClosingTimeLive, Boston's best party band!  Buy your tickets now:  https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=7S55DQMJPWFV2, null, NYE 2016 Tickets Now Available! Purchase before December 6th and save on the fees! #NYE2016 #celebration #irishpubs

http://somerspubs.com/green-dragon/feature.html, null, Join us tomorrow night for our Thanksgiving eve party.  Dave Andrews Funny Musician kicks things off at 5pm then Bare Bones Boston hits the stage at 9pm.  We wish you all a Happy Thanksgiving!  #thanksgivingeve #irishpubs

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uYJ-MXwbQlY, Boston Bruins host Mike Babcock's Toronto Maple Leafs tonight at 7pm.  We got the game and we also have Project DCQ here to keep you on your feet all night!  #bostonsaturdays #bruinsgame #irishpub, null, Come on by The Green Dragon before a game and get 50% off your appetizer upon presentation of your Boston Celtics or Boston Bruins game ticket. #pregamepromo #funbeforethegame #irishpub, Comfort foods may be consumed to positively pique emotions, to relieve negative psychological effects or to increase positive feelings..and they are delicious!  Come on down and try out our new menu items.  #comfortfood #homecooking #irishpub, All Veterans receive a 20% discount today at our pub.  Thank you for your service. #thankyou, We got Open Mic comedy tonight at 9pm with Jessica Casciano, she sure knows how to help cure the Monday blues!  #comedymondays #openmiccomedy #bostoncomedyscene, We got an action packed night in store for you starting with the Boston Bruins taking on the Canadiens de Montréal which always proves to be an intense match.  We also have live music at 9:30pm with Groovin' You.  Come on by early and let our staff show you what Irish hospitality is all about!  #saturdaynights #nhlrivals #irishpub, After a rough start, the Boston Bruins have caught fire and look to make it 5 wins in a row tonight vs the Stars.  Come catch all the action at The Green Dragon !  #nhl #irishpub #winning, null, The weekend is here, do you have your costume ready for the big party tomorrow night?  #TGIF #HalloweenParty #irishpub, Guess who's back?  We got the opener tonight at 7:30.  See you there!  #nba #humpday #OpeningNight, Spoiler Alert!  Very intense episode of The Walking Dead this weekend.  Do you think Glenn survived?  What happens to Rick?  Post your comments below. #TWD #GlennRhee #AMC, null, The The Green Dragon is Happy Hour Headquarters Wednesdays, Thursdays & Fridays from 5pm-7:30.  Today we have Matt Fulton playing a live acoustic set during happy hour and  The Spittin Vinnies will hit the stage at 9:30 for the evening show.  Come on by for some fun! #irishpub #happyhour #thursdaynightout, null, null, null, null, Cash prizes for 1st & 2nd place costumes!  #Halloween #costumeparty #bostonnightlife #spookyparty, It's finally that time of year once again!  We got the game at 7pm, come on by!  #BruinsOpeningNight #NHLBruins #nhl, Tonight at 9:30pm  Dave Andrews Funny Musician brings you unique blend of humor, music and nostalgia.  #tuesdays #weeknightdrinking #nightsout, Here's a little weather update,  Have a great #Weekend!, We were so honored to have the first living Medal of Honor recipient (previously only awarded posthumously) Salvatore Giunta and his Boston Fire and Boston Police escorts at the Dragon last night. Words can't describe the courage involved in his story and of countless others who serve our country day in and day out. We were glad to show him and his friends a good time and encourage everyone to check out his story to hear about a group of true American heroes.
(Giunta pictured in white in front of painting), We hope you are enjoying your long weekend!  Stop on by for a pint and join the celebration.  We have The Honors tonight at 9:30 and they always deliver a show to remember.  See you there!, The weekend is almost here.  Come on by tonight for some great live music by Matt Fulton at 5pm and The Spittin Vinnies at 9:30!, null, #TGIF We got Project DCQ tonight and as always, a wide range of refreshments to hit the spot.  Come on down and join the fun!, Finally Friday! John & Colby will be starting their set at 5pm & BIG PARTY ORCHESTRA hits the stage at 9:30. #TGIF, Today only, until we run out: $3.50 pints of Notch Session Pils. Get it before it's gone!, Best band in town! (looking at you too Zac Brown)

Are you looking for bad music and lame beer? This is not your place.

Sunday fundays with The Honors 9:30-12:30 at the headquarters :-), The weekend is finally here!  John & Colby will be starting their set at the top of the hour & Brick Park hits the stage at 9:30. #TGIF, Come to the Green Dragon and celebrate #IPADay with us!  Try one of our many IPA beer offerings; Harpoon, Dogfish Head 60 minute IPA, Wachusett, Green Monstah and Goose Island IPA. No one has more IPAs than the Dragon!, A little history, the pub where it all began:
http://smallbusinessrevolution.org/story/mr-dooleys/, U2 is at the garden all weekend! Come on by the Dragon for 1/2 off apps with your ticket to the show!, It's Friday! Almost there everyone, just a few more hours until the weekend. What better way to kick it off than a cold one with us after work?!, It's Lobstah Season!, It's a Beautiful day out there!  Come and unwind at the Green Dragon with some refreshing Summer Libations!  #TheDragonBoston #TGIF #MemorialDay, In Honor of John Joe Somers, the founder of the Somers Pubs and for Declan Higgins, we have made these T-shirts with proceeds going to the Dana Farber Cancer Institute.

Get one today for yourself or someone you love. 
It's a great cause and a cool & inspirational T-Shirt!

http://www.somerspubs.com/shop-online.html, Happy National Beer Day! April 7th marks the date that ended prohibition and allows us all (+21) to drink legally because as we all know "beer is proof that God lives us and wants us to be happy." So enjoy a pint with us tonight!, Visiting hours for our beloved John Joe Somers is this Sunday 2-8 p.m at William J. Gormley Funeral Home, 2055 Centre Street, WEST ROXBURY. Relatives and friends are all invited. Interment to follow at The Gardens at Gethsemane.
 The funeral mass will be Monday at St. Theresa Church at 10 o'clock.  
Also, the Green Dragon Tavern will be closed on Monday out of respect for John Joe. Thank you for your respect during this trying time., It is a sad day for the Somers pubs family, our patriarch and the "Dean of Irish pubs", John Joe Somers has passed away. A legend here in Boston and loved by all. He cannot be replaced and will be sadly missed. We love you John Joe

Here's to steak when your hungry
Whiskey when your dry
All the love you'll ever want
And heaven when you die, This afternoon we welcomed Grace O'shea to the Green Dragon musical family! She performed an awesome acoustic set for us and will be here Sundays 3-6. New season means new faces at the headquarters, St. Patrick's weekend has arrived!  Join Us!, Tommy and Alan are looking forward to playing at the Green Dragon on Saturday March 14th at 3pm and Saint Patrick's evening March 17th at 8pm, Nothing like that first guiness after work!, Isaiah Thomas makes his garden debut in an hour! Buy one get one free if you're headed to the game!, The Bruins laid an egg in Vancouver last week but finished up the road trip with a W in Chicago. Tonight they look to avenge the loss to the canucks back home down the street! Come enjoy buy one get one free appetizers before the game if you have tickets! Go B's!, Due to a private event the Dragon will be closed until 4pm on Sunday 2/22/15. Sorry for any inconvenience this causes!, The Green Dragon Tavern will open at 5pm this Sunday due to this newest blizzard. We're still open for Valentine's Day dinner tonight though!, Fat Tuesday is coming up and we'll be celebrating mardis gras here at the headquarters! Come check out our cajun inspired menu and listen to some soulful southern music on February 17th!, Bruins are back in town for a tough homestand. Show us your tickets to tonight's game and get 2 for 1 apps! It's because we love you. Go B's!, The Green Dragon Tavern will be opening at 10am for the Patriots Super Bowl parade. Come stay warm before and after with an Irish Coffee and an egg sandwich., Time for our newest band to hit the stage, Bare Bones! Rid your cabin fever with a pint at the headquarters, Happy blizzard! We're opening at 5 if anyone wants a drink! No kitchen however, sorry but stay warm!, Sweatshirts have arrived! $35 to look like these cool kids!, Going to the Bruins game tonight? Enjoy 2 for 1 apps with your game tickets to tonight's matchup! Go B's!, Another cold night, come and warm up with a pint and some awesome live music by the Spitting Vinnies!, Come spend your new years eve at the bar that started the revolution! Tickets are thirty dollars online or at the door!, There's still time to buy your NYE tickets for tonight!
Click on this link (or copy and paste into a browser) to get your tickets online!  
  
https://www.paypal.com/us/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_flow&SESSION=FIIPu2NWN6GHVPGFWCcFSnWOzXckKf0wzN0oL9BbaSveo54zocvSB1z763m&dispatch=50a222a57771920b6a3d7b606239e4d529b525e0b7e69bf0224adecfb0124e9b61f737ba21b08198d8562aa8a3da7ac30bbfba73b3e80dcc, "A party ain't a party until dj menace comes through." Hang with us on new years eve and close out the year right!, The craziness of holidays are over! Time to regroup and focus on new years so come on down to the Green Dragon for a great night to ring in the new year! Tickets are only $30 online or at the bar, We'll be closing up shop about 5 o'clock today and reopening at 11am Friday. Merry Christmas everyone, have a safe and happy one., New year's eve tickets on sale here for $30! And we have new Green Dragon hoodies for $35 so finish up your Christmas shopping with us!, Shiner bock pints for $3! Come on down!, Only three more days to get a discounted new years eve ticket! The ticket includes party favors, hors d'oeuvres, and of course, the champagne toast! Tickets are $25 until 12/15, then they will be bumped to $30 so make haste and plan to have your new years at the headquarters!, The Christmas season is especially a tough time for soldiers and their families. Some may be lucky enough to be home for the holidays but injuries from the battlefield can hinder mobility or the quality of life for our servicemen and women. The Wounded Warrior Project was founded to provide services to those afflicted by the horrors of war. The Green Dragon Tavern will be hosting a fundraiser for this exceptional program TODAY from 4-7pm! There will be awesome raffle prizes, life music, and of course, "Selfies with Santa"! Please make an effort to make it, you won't be disappointed and no donation is too small!, The Celtics are back in town, so come to the headquarters to escape the rain while you wait for tipoff! Show us your tickets to tonights matchup against the Pistons and get 20% appetizers at the home of the revolution! (1 per ticket), Almost time for the best band in the city to do it's thing! The Honors kick off at 930 sharp so come on down and start off your thanksgiving week the right way!, The decorations are up!, Fun fact: We're Tolkien certified over here. Come on down and kickoff your weekend the right way!

"Oh you can search far and wide 
You can drink the whole ground dry.
But you'll never find a beer so brown 
As the one we drink in our home town... 
You can keep your fancy ales! 
You can drink them by the flagon! 
But the only brew for the brave and true 
comes from the Green Dragon!", Thank you to all the veterans of our great country and remember in a special way those who have lost their lives to fight for our freedoms that too many of us take for granted.

"This nation will remain the land of the free only so long as it is the home of the brave." - Elmer Davis, Going to the Bruins game tonight? Need a place to hide from the rain while you wait for the puck to drop? Mention this add and show your game  tickets to get a FREE appetizer down at the Green Dragon!, Happy Halloween! The costume party kicks off at 9, so grab a costume and head down to the Green Dragon for an awesome night!, Nothing tops off a gorgeous fall afternoon like a Guinness at the headquarters!, The Bruins are back! Come on down and grab a pint at the headquarters of the revolution catch the game!, Thirteen years ago our lives changed forever, take some time to remember those who died that fateful day. Never forget 9/11/01, Come on down to the Dragon and enjoy a pint while we welcome in the start of the 2014 football season!, If you haven't seen The Honors you haven't experienced a Headquarters weekend. Get in here this Sunday Mechanics! Music starts at exactly 9:35!, THIS DAY IN HISTORY

Aug 2, 1776: Delegates sign Declaration of Independence

On this day in 1776, members of Congress affix their signatures to an enlarged copy of the Declaration of Independence.

Fifty-six congressional delegates in total signed the document, including some who were not present at the vote approving the declaration. The delegates signed by state from North to South, beginning with Josiah Bartlett of New Hampshire and ending with George Walton of Georgia. John Dickinson of Pennsylvania and James Duane, Robert Livingston and John Jay of New York refused to sign. Carter Braxton of Virginia; Robert Morris of Pennsylvania; George Reed of Delaware; and Edward Rutledge of South Carolina opposed the document but signed in order to give the impression of a unanimous Congress. Five delegates were absent: Generals George Washington, John Sullivan, James Clinton and Christopher Gadsden and Virginia Governor Patrick Henry.

Exactly one month before the signing of the document, Congress had accepted a resolution put forward by Richard Henry Lee that stated "Resolved: That these United Colonies are, and of right ought to be, free and independent States, that they are absolved from all allegiance to the British Crown, and that all political connection between them and the State of Great Britain is, and ought to be, totally dissolved."

Congress adopted the more poetic Declaration of Independence, drafted by Thomas Jefferson, two days later, on July 4. The president of Congress, John Hancock, and its secretary, Charles Thompson, immediately signed the handwritten draft, which was dispatched to nearby printers. On July 19, Congress decided to produce a handwritten copy to bear all the delegates’ signatures. Secretary Thompson’s assistant, Philadelphia Quaker and merchant Timothy Matlack, penned the draft.

News of the Declaration of Independence arrived in London eight days later, on August 10. The draft bearing the delegates’ signatures was first printed on January 18 of the following year by Baltimore printer Mary Katharine Goddard., Lunch Specials 
8/1 - 8/5
11 - 3pm

Honey Bacon Chicken   $13
Grilled chicken breast, crispy bacon, honey mustard and a drizzle of warm honey on a soft bulkie roll wlettuce, tomato and red onion. Served w/hand-cut fries 

Bow Street Burger   $14
Angus patty w/American cheese, house Jameson sauce, sautéed jalapenos & onions, and bacon. Served w/hand-cut fries

The Melting Pot   $15
Buffalo chicken tenders, American bacon, Irish bacon, Swiss cheese, jalapenos and Italian dressing wrapped in a soft tortilla with lettuce and onion. Served w/hand-cut fries

Lobster Roll   $17
Fresh lobster meat perfectly blended with celery and mayonnaise on a crispy roll. Served w/hand-cut fries

Fresh Steamed Lobster   $23
1.25lb lobster steamed in our seasoned broth. Served w/corn on the cob and drawn butter. Add hand-cut fries or a side of coleslaw 
for $1.50, Dinner Specials 
8/1 - 8/5
3 - 9pm

Southwest Chicken   $14
Marinated chicken breast dressed in a sauté of lime juice, white wine, jalapenos, black olives and tomato filets. Served w/white rice and salsa

Lobster Roll   $17
Fresh lobster meat perfectly blended with celery and mayonnaise on a crispy roll. Served w/hand-cut fries

Steak Provencal   $18
Grilled marinated steak tips cooked to order dressed in a sauté of red wine, black pepper, garlic, green peas
and white onion. Served w/homemade mashed and toasted baguette

Sweetfire Shrimp & Scallops   $22
Fresh Atlantic scallops and shrimp sautéed in white wine, garlic, honey, red pepper flakes and cinnamon. Served over white rice w/toasted baguette

Fresh Steamed Lobster   $23
1.25lb lobster steamed in our seasoned broth. Served w/corn on the cob and drawn butter. Add hand-cut fries or a side of coleslaw 
for $1.50, Our latest email newsletter... check out the Selfie With Stan ad !  , Every Sunday one of Boston's BEST bands teaches a master-class in entertainment. The Honors bring a wealth of musicality, charm and  wit to The Headquarters stage. It is less a performance than it is an event. Get in here Mechanics!!!, This Day in History 

July 17, 1776: War of Words

On this day in 1776, the Continental Congress learns of General George Washington's refusal to accept a dispatch from British General William Howe and his brother, Admiral Richard Viscount Howe, opening peace negotiations, because it failed to use the title "general." In response, Congress proclaimed that the commander in chief acted "with a dignity becoming his station," and directed all American commanders to receive only letters addressed to them "in the characters they respectively sustain."

The Howe brothers had assembled the largest European force ever to land in the Americas on Staten Island, New York, while Congress was voting their approval of the Declaration of Independence in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in early July 1776. The commander in chief of the Continental Army, General George Washington, had spent the spring of 1776 moving his 19,000 men from Boston to New York, where they would confront 30,000 under the charge of the Howe brothers.

The Howes had the authority to use their overwhelming force to put down the colonial rebellion, but they also had permission to readmit the former colonies to the British empire and pardon those who had led the revolt. Of their two options, the Howes preferred the latter. Thus, the brothers wrote to Washington, inviting him to enter into negotiations with them as representatives of the crown. However, they could not use Washington's title, "general," as to do so would have given legitimacy to the rebel army the British denied had the right to exist. Washington would neither excuse the affront nor open the letter.

Washington's decision forced the Howes to fight. The British took Long Island, but allowed the Continentals to evacuate to Manhattan following the Battle of Brooklyn Heights on August 27, 1776. Hoping that the Patriots now appreciated their overwhelming strength and charity, the British began informal negotiations with members of Congress on Staten Island. The Patriots, however, withdrew from the talks when the British refused to recognize their independence., It's a full-blown Family Jam dance party for tonite's Boston Blues Night at The Headquarters. More cowbell!, Boston's fireworks and festivities have been moved to Thursday 7/3 due to reports of severe weather for Friday the 4th. We expect to see all you Mechanics here at The Headquarters regardless!, Thank you to Clare Winright from St. Louis for this sweet dragon pic:, "The City of..." is getting into the act as City Hall Plaza will host a World Cup Viewing Party for tomorrow's USA vs Germany match. The event starts at 11:30am. The Headquarters will be opening at 10am, serving up some great breakfast specials! There's still time to buy your WORLD CUP PASSPORTS and take advantage of all the great offers!, Come watch some fantastic World Cup games today!  We will be showing both games at 12pm & 4pm.

Also, don't forget to pick up your World Cup 2014 VIP card and get all the goodies that come with it, including NO COVER & NO LINEUPS for one whole month!

http://www.somerspubs.com/shop-online.html, The sun is shining, the windows are OPEN. It's a perfectly mild summer day in Boston. Get in here and do some day-drinking! Boston Iced Teas all around! John & Colby are on at 5pm, playing all your favorites., null, The Headquarters just witnessed a wedding proposal folks!, When the temperatures sizzle it's time to get yourself into The Headquarters! Grab a window seat and enjoy one of our seasonal selections!, Buy your World Cup Passports at any of our locations or online! Earn World Traveler Creds + VIP Access!

http://www.somerspubs.com/shop-online.html, The first in a series depicting the character (and characters) that make The Headquarters so unique, featuring The Honors Sunday Series., "That these United Colonies are...absolved from all allegiance to the British Crown..." - Richard Lee

THIS DAY IN HISTORY
Jun 7, 1776: Sewing The Seeds of Revolution, pt. 2 

On this day in 1776, Richard Henry Lee of Virginia introduces a resolution for independence to the Continental Congress in Philadelphia; John Adams seconds the motion.

Lee's resolution declared: "That these United Colonies are, and of right out to be, free and independent States, that they are absolved from all allegiance to the British Crown, and that all political connection between them and the State of Great Britain is, and ought to be, totally dissolved; that measures should be immediately taken for procuring the assistance of foreign powers, and a Confederation be formed to bind the colonies more closely together."

During the ensuing debates, it became clear that New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Maryland and South Carolina were as yet unwilling to declare independence, but would likely be ready to vote in favor of a break with England in due course. Thus, Congress agreed to delay the vote on the Lee Resolution until July 1. In the intervening period, Congress appointed a committee to draft a formal declaration of independence. Its members were John Adams of Massachusetts, Benjamin Franklin of Pennsylvania, Roger Sherman of Connecticut, Robert R. Livingston of New York and Thomas Jefferson of Virginia. Thomas Jefferson, well-known to be the best writer of the group, was selected to be the primary author of the document, which was presented to Congress for review on June 28, 1776.

On July 1, 1776, debate on the Lee Resolution resumed as planned, with a majority of the delegates favoring the resolution. Congress thought it of the utmost importance that independence be unanimously proclaimed. To ensure this, they delayed the final vote until July 2, when 12 colonial delegations voted in favor of it, with the New York delegates abstaining, unsure of how their constituents would wish them to vote.

John Adams wrote that July 2 would be celebrated as "the most memorable epoch in the history of America." Instead, the day has been largely forgotten in favor of July 4, when Jefferson's edited Declaration of Independence was adopted., THIS DAY IN HISTORY
Jun 6, 1944: Operation Overlord

On this day in 1944, Supreme Allied Commander General Dwight D. Eisenhower gives the go-ahead for the largest amphibious military operation in history: Operation Overlord, code named D-Day, the Allied invasion of northern France.

By daybreak, 18,000 British and American parachutists were already on the ground. At 6:30 a.m., American troops came ashore at Utah and Omaha beaches. At Omaha, the U.S. First Division battled high seas, mist, mines, burning vehicles—and German coastal batteries, including an elite infantry division, which spewed heavy fire. Many wounded Americans ultimately drowned in the high tide. British divisions, which landed at Gold, Juno, and Sword beaches, and Canadian troops also met with heavy German fire, but by the end of the day they were able to push inland.

Despite the German resistance, Allied casualties overall were relatively light. The United States and Britain each lost about 1,000 men, and Canada 355. Before the day was over, 155,000 Allied troops would be in Normandy. However, the United States managed to get only half of the 14,000 vehicles and a quarter of the 14,500 tons of supplies they intended on shore.

Three factors were decisive in the success of the Allied invasion. First, German counterattacks were firm but sparse, enabling the Allies to create a broad bridgehead, or advanced position, from which they were able to build up enormous troop strength. Second, Allied air cover, which destroyed bridges over the Seine, forced the Germans to suffer long detours, and naval gunfire proved decisive in protecting the invasion troops. And third, division and confusion within the German ranks as to where the invasion would start and how best to defend their position helped the Allies. (Hitler, convinced another invasion was coming the next day east of the Seine River, refused to allow reserves to be pulled from that area.)

Field Marshal Bernard Montgomery, commander of Britain's Twenty-first Army Group (but under the overall command of General Eisenhower, for whom Montgomery, and his ego, proved a perennial thorn in the side), often claimed later that the invasion had come off exactly as planned. That was a boast, as evidenced by the failure to take Caen on the first day, as scheduled. While the operation was a decided success, considering the number of troops put ashore and light casualties, improvisation by courageous and quick-witted commanders also played an enormous role.

The D-Day invasion has been the basis for several movies, from The Longest Day (1962), which boasted an all-star cast that included Richard Burton, Sean Connery, John Wayne and Robert Mitchum, to Saving Private Ryan (1998), which includes some of the most grippingly realistic war scenes ever filmed, captured in the style of the famous Robert Capa still photos of the actual invasion., THIS DAY IN HISTORY

Jun 6, 1775: New York Patriot Marinus Willet seizes British weapons

On this day in 1775, Marinus Willett and a small group of Sons of Liberty confront British soldiers and seize five wagonloads of weapons as the Redcoats evacuate New York City.

Willet was born in Jamaica, New York, on July 31, 1740. His great-grandfather, Thomas Willett, had been the first English mayor of New York City, a position Marinus would hold as well in the early 1800s. After attending King's College (now Columbia University), Marinus served as a lieutenant in the Seven Years' War, joining in the attacks on New York's Fort Ticonderoga and Fort Frontenac. He ended the war as a patient in the hospital at Fort Stanwix, New York, then under construction.

After his successful capture of British arms on June 6, Willett was commissioned as a lieutenant colonel on June 28, 1775, and participated in the Patriots' ill-fated Canadian expedition, where he served as the commanding officer at Fort St. John. As colonial ire rose, Willett became a leader of the New York Sons of Liberty, but little is known regarding his activities with the group.

Also during the War for Independence, Willet earned the moniker Hero of the Mohawk Valley for his defense of the site of his earlier convalescence, Fort Stanwix, which guarded the portage path between the Mohawk River and Oneida Lake. Willett and his commanding colonel, Peter Gansevoort, worked to restore the fort to battle-readiness. The British arrived under Colonel Barry St. Leger and laid siege to Gansevoort and Willett's forces on August 3, 1777.

While the British were away from their siege positions fighting the Tyron County militia en route to relieve Fort Stanwix, Willett led his men in a raid on the abandoned British camp. Although Willett succeeded in absconding with the enemy's supplies, the British had managed to send the Tyron County militia into retreat. Willett then committed his greatest act of daring when, along with Major Levi Stockwell, he snuck past enemy positions to call for reinforcements. They are remembered for their bravery, although the British ended the siege before reinforcements arrived., A Most Momentous "This Day in History" as we Remember our American Soldiers Past and Present...

May 25, 1787: Constitutional Convention convenes in Philadelphia

With George Washington presiding, the Constitutional Convention formally convenes on this day in 1787. The convention faced a daunting task: the peaceful overthrow of the new American government as it had been defined by the Article of Confederation.

The process began with the proposal of James Madison's Virginia Plan. Madison had dedicated the winter of 1787 to the study of confederacies throughout history and arrived in Philadelphia with a wealth of knowledge and an idea for a new American government. Virginia's governor, Edmund Randolph, presented Madison's plan to the convention. It featured a bicameral legislature, with representation in both houses apportioned to states based upon population; this was seen immediately as giving more power to large states, like Virginia. The two houses would in turn elect the executive and the judiciary and would possess veto power over the state legislatures. Madison's conception strongly resembled Britain's parliament. It omitted any discussion of taxation or regulation of trade, however; these items had been set aside in favor of outlining a new form of government altogether.

William Patterson soon countered with a plan more attractive to the new nation's smaller states. It too bore the imprint of America's British experience. Under the New Jersey Plan, as it became known, each state would have a single vote in Congress as it had been under the Articles of Confederation, to even out power between large and small states. But, the plan also gave Congress new powers: the collection of import duties and a stamp tax, the regulation of trade and the enforcement of requisitions upon the states with military force.

Alexander Hamilton then put forward to the delegates a third plan, a perfect copy of the British Constitution including an upper house and legislature that would serve on good behavior.

Confronted by three counter-revolutionary options, the representatives of Connecticut finally came up with a workable compromise: a government with an upper house made up of equal numbers of delegates from each state and a lower house with proportional representation based upon population. This idea formed the basis of the new U.S. Constitution, which became the law of the land in 1789., 2 beers and 2 shots paid for by two veterans in memory of their buddies that didn't make it back from Afghanistan. Raise one up tomorrow in cheers for every soldier who made the ultimate sacrifice., Sox season is in full swing. Graduation season is behind us. The temperatures are rising. Memorial Day Weekend brings thoughts of cookouts, fresh seafood and gridlock on the Bourne Bridge. And now "The City Of..." has a new annual tradition to mark spring as BOSTON CALLING returns to City Hall Plaza., Spud Kelly from A Ton of Blues just tore up "The Thrill is Gone" w/the boys from STAXXED! The hottest music on Wed nights in Boston is here at The Green Dragon. Grab that axe, toss that harp in the case and get down here and rip it up!, The windows are open, the sun is shining!! We got Whitey on the bar smashin' crans and taking names. We got the beautiful and talented duo Louise and Mollie manning the floor.  Fresh oysters! The city's best lobster roll! Get in here Mechanics..., SHARE A NICE TEAPOT WITH FRIENDS ;), The Headquarters is proud to present one of Boston's BEST party bands!  Beantown Project is going to set the place on fire!!!, This Day In History
5/7/14

SOWING THE SEEDS OF REVOLUTION

On this day in 1763, Major Henry Gladwin, British commander of Fort Detroit, foils Ottawa Chief Pontiac's attempt at a surprise attack. Romantic lore holds that Gladwin's Seneca mistress informed him of the western Indians' plans for an uprising.

When Pontiac arrived at the fort with his men, who were concealing weapons under their trading blankets, they discovered that Gladwin had assembled his men and prepared them for a defense of the fort. Knowing that, without the element of surprise, their efforts would not be successful, Pontiac withdrew and instead laid siege to the fort for the rest of the summer, while his allies successfully seized 10 of 13 British forts in the Great Lakes and Ohio Valley regions by June 20. The western Indians' efforts to unite all Native Americans in an attempt to free themselves of addictions to European trade goods and alcohol, guided by their spiritual leader, a Delaware named Neolin, seemed to be succeeding. However, the French failed to come to the Indians' aid in driving the British back to the Atlantic as hoped, dooming the rebellion.

British General Jeffrey Amherst, who first angered western Indians in 1760 by curtailing the tradition of gift exchange long practiced by both the French and English governments, unleashed one of the earliest uses of biological weaponry on the Indians in response to their uprising. He ordered Colonel Henry Bouquet of Fort Pitt to "Extirpate this Execrable Race," by distributing smallpox-infected blankets among them. The plan succeeded in breeding a deadly smallpox epidemic among the Indians in 1763-64.

The Indians' increased unity and success terrified western European settlers, already made nervous by the British king's Proclamation Line of 1763, which denied their right to settle beyond the Appalachians. Colonists' failure to find protection from the crown made them doubt the efficacy of their imperial governments. Meanwhile, officials in London believed backcountry settlers should share in the blame for the violence of the past 10 years and demanded their assistance in paying for the empire's military expenses on American soil. In an effort to collect on this debt from the Americans, the British parliament passed, in rapid succession, the Sugar Act of 1764, the Stamp Act of 1765, the Townshend Acts of 1767, the Tea Act of 1773 and the Coercive Acts of 1774. By April 1775, the cycle of taxation and protest had escalated to the point that blood was spilled between colonists and Redcoats on Lexington Green in Massachusetts; the American Revolution had begun., East River (VA) - $1.50
Wellfleet (MA) - $2.75, Love beer? Then you will definitely be happy with this piece of news: On May 9, the Massachusetts Brewers Guild and the Massachusetts Department of Agricultural Resources will launch the newly created “Massachusetts Craft Brewers Trail” to all beer fans. - BostInno

http://bostinno.streetwise.co/2014/04/25/massachusetts-craft-brewers-trail-2014-kick-off-parties/, RIP Donald "Duck" Dunn, legendary bassist for Booker T. & The MG's, who passed away in his sleep after playing two shows at Tokyo's Blue Note. Dunn was 70 yrs old., BOSTON MARATHON EVENTS AND FUNDRAISERS

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/news/blog/2014/04/10/boston-marathon-relief-events/, This Day In History
4/17/14

THE "COLBERT RAID"

About 2 a.m. on the morning of April 17, 1783, British Captain James Colbert, along with a group of 82 British partisans, launches a surprise attack on the Arkansas post of Fort Carlos (modern-day Gillett, in Desha County), located on the banks of the Arkansas River. The "Colbert Raid" was the only Revolutionary War action to take place in Arkansas.

Colbert launched the British attack on the Spanish-controlled fort in response to Spain's decision to side with the Americans during the revolution. Forty Spanish soldiers defended the fort with help from their Quapaw Indian allies. After a six-hour battle, Spanish Commander Jacobo Du Breuil ordered a sortie, which forced the retreat of the British contingent.

The raid took place nearly two months after America's preliminary peace treaty was signed with Great Britain, but word of the peace treaty did not reach either the British or American troops located in the Mississippi Valley until well after the raid. The area did not become part of the United States until 1803; in 1800, the Spanish ceded it to France and the French in turn sold it to Thomas Jefferson as part of Louisiana Purchase three years later.

The first European to recognize the value of this location, at the intersection of the Arkansas and Mississippi Rivers, had been a French trader, Henri de Tonty. In 1686, he established the Poste de Arkansea near a Quapaw Indian village in the area.

The state of Arkansas now maintains the fort and it surroundings as the Arkansas Post Memorial and Arkansas Post Museum State Park., This Day In History
4/13/14

BRITISH ATTACK at BOUND BROOK, New Jersey

In the early morning hours of April 13, 1777, General Lord Charles Cornwallis leads 4,000 British troops and Hessian mercenaries in a surprise attack on a small garrison of American troops in the village of Bound Brook in central New Jersey.

Cornwallis' decision to launch the four-column attack at daybreak caught American Major General Benjamin Lincoln and the Continental Army completely by surprise; they were unable to launch a counterattack. Surprised and outnumbered, Lincoln ordered his men to retreat and was able to escape along with most of his 500 troops; his losses totaled 60 men killed or taken prisoner. The British also captured several cannons and nearly all of Lincoln's artillery detachment, which they took with them, returning to their camp at New Brunswick.

Hessian mercenaries were critical to the British victory. Hessian Johann Ewald, captain of the elite Lieb Jaeger Korps, developed the successful four-column strategy at Cornwallis' request; his diary is the major source of information regarding the ensuing battle. Ewald was so respected by his colonial counterparts that General Henry Knox invited Ewald to West Point after Cornwallis' surrender at Yorktown. Ewald would eventually publish eight books on military strategy, including a Treatise on Partisan Warfare, published in 1785, which earned the praise of Prussia's Frederick the Great.

Since the British chose not to stay in Bound Brook, the Continental Army re-occupied the village under Major General Nathanael Greene. Ultimately, though, General George Washington decided that it would be easier to defend Bound Brook from a loftier vantage point, moving troops to the Watchung Mountains of north-central New Jersey., The New England Revolution Rev Girls have been in the house all afternoon during Headquarters Happy Hour entering all the Mechanics on-hand into a raffle for tix to Saturday's match. And, as always, Stanley finds himself surrounded by a bevy of lovely ladies., One of Boston's best live acts rocks The Headquarters tonite:

CRUNCHY MONKEY

http://www.reverbnation.com/crunchymonkey, Indomitable will: a term that applies to this team, this city and all of its citizens. Opening Day for our 2013 World Champions!!! We made it folks! Tell Old Man Winter to take off the parka, throw on his vintage Hit Dawg t-shirt and crack a cold one...it's Red Sox season!!!, This Day In History

Apr 3, 1776:
Congress authorizes privateers to attack British vessels

Because it lacked sufficient funds to build a strong navy, the Continental Congress gives privateers permission to attack any and all British ships on this day in 1776.

In a bill signed by John Hancock, its president, and dated April 3, 1776, the Continental Congress issued, INSTRUCTIONS to the COMMANDERS of Private Ships or vessels of War, which shall have Commissions of Letters of Marque and Reprisal, authorizing them to make Captures of British Vessels and Cargoes.

Letters of Marque and Reprisal were the official documents by which 18th-century governments commissioned private commercial ships, known as privateers, to act on their behalf, attacking ships carrying the flags of enemy nations. Any goods captured by the privateer were divided between the ship's owner and the government that had issued the letter.

Congress informed American privateers on this day that, YOU may, by Force of Arms, attack, subdue, and take all Ships and other Vessels belonging to the Inhabitants of Great Britain, on the high seas, or between high-water and low-water Marks, except Ships and Vessels bringing Persons who intend to settle and reside in the United Colonies, or bringing Arms, Ammunition or Warlike Stores to the said Colonies, for the Use of such Inhabitants thereof as are Friends to the American Cause, which you shall suffer to pass unmolested, the Commanders thereof permitting a peaceable Search, and giving satisfactory Information of the Contents of the Ladings, and Destinations of the Voyages.

The distinction between pirates and privateers was non-existent to those who faced them on the high seas. They behaved in an identical manner, boarding and capturing ships using force if necessary. However, privateers holding Letters of Marque were not subject to prosecution by their home nation and, if captured, were treated as prisoners of war instead of criminals by foreign nations., null, An unbelievable photo of downtown Boston. The City of...at full throttle., The Headquarters is Throwing Back Thursday like a case of the King's tea. Sam Adams just arrived for a beer promo. And we've got Goose Island in the house introducing their 312 Urban Pale to the area. Get in here! #tbt, THIS DAY IN HISTORY
3/21/14

Massacre at Hancock Bridge

On March 21, 1778, just three days after British Loyalists and Hessian mercenary forces assault the local New Jersey militia at Quinton's Bridge, three miles from Salem, New Jersey, the same contingent surprises the colonial militia at Hancock's Bridge, five miles from Salem. During the battle, the Loyalists not only kill several members of the Salem militia, but also two known Loyalists.

In what amounted to a civil war for New Jersey, Colonel Charles Mawhood led the attack on Quinton's Bridge, and then threatened to burn the town of Salem and subject its women and children to the horrors of the Loyalist militia if the Patriot militia failed to lay down its arms. Colonel Asher Holmes of the Patriot militia promised retribution on Loyalist civilians if Mawhood made good his threats and Mawhood appeared to concede. Three days later, however, Colonel John Simcoe, leader of the Queen's Rangers, unleashed the Loyalists' fury on the sleeping men at Hancock's Bridge.

In what became known as the Massacre at Hancock's Bridge, at least 20 members of the Salem militia lost their lives, some after attempting to surrender. The Loyalists reputedly exclaimed: "Spare no one! Give no quarter!", as they stormed the house of Judge William Hancock, a Loyalist whose house the Patriots had commandeered, while the Patriot militia slept. Judge Hancock and his brother were bayoneted in the melee, although both were known to be staunch supporters of the crown and were themselves non-violent Quakers., ...aaannnd they're off!!!, Voted Best Irish Pub destination for St. Patrick's day in Boston;

http://www.bustle.com/articles/17862-the-10-best-irish-pubs-in-the-country-so-you-can-do-st-patricks-day-right, Check out our exclusive e-mail about all the St. Patrick's events!
Sign up to stay informed on this long weekend's happenings in Boston: http://www.somerspubs.com/newsletter.html

Don't forget, get your exclusive T-Shirt or Jersey today and cut the line tomorrow...  On sale at The Green Dragon now!
Come by after work, get your "VIP" apparel and catch our Happy Hour with John & Colby from 5pm, then stick around for Crunchy Monkey, the ultimate top 40 cover band!, A daunting pictorialization of major moments in America's fight for freedom, here depicted as a "family tree"..., When Boston goes completely green this weekend what better place to imbibe and celebrate than The Green Dragon. We will be opening at 9am Sat, Sun & Mon! Featuring a slew of traditional Irish musicians, dancers and closing out the last two days with area favorites The Honors!,  Muddy Waters signature "Mmmmm...", is enough to shake the cold off the most hardened of New Englanders. Framed in slow, dreamy half-thoughts, "Cold Weather Blues" evokes that yearning we're all feeling for a season that seems a dreamy distance too far. 

Come in out of the cold, have Ray pour you a good scotch and let STAXXED warm it up. 

http://youtu.be/ojfMCYpDda8, This Day In History (Pt. 2)
2/15/14

The Sinking of The Maine 

A massive explosion of unknown origin sinks the battleship USS Maine in Cuba's Havana harbor, killing 260 of the fewer than 400 American crew members aboard.

One of the first American battleships, the Maine weighed more than 6,000 tons and was built at a cost of more than $2 million. Ostensibly on a friendly visit, the Maine had been sent to Cuba to protect the interests of Americans there after a rebellion against Spanish rule broke out in Havana in January.

An official U.S. Naval Court of Inquiry ruled in March that the ship was blown up by a mine, without directly placing the blame on Spain. Much of Congress and a majority of the American public expressed little doubt that Spain was responsible and called for a declaration of war.

Subsequent diplomatic failures to resolve the Maine matter, coupled with United States indignation over Spain's brutal suppression of the Cuban rebellion and continued losses to American investment, led to the outbreak of the Spanish-American War in April 1898.

Within three months, the United States had decisively defeated Spanish forces on land and sea, and in August an armistice halted the fighting. On December 12, 1898, the Treaty of Paris was signed between the United States and Spain, officially ending the Spanish-American War and granting the United States its first overseas empire with the ceding of such former Spanish possessions as Puerto Rico, Guam, and the Philippines.

In 1976, a team of American naval investigators concluded that the Maine explosion was likely caused by a fire that ignited its ammunition stocks, not by a Spanish mine or act of sabotage., This Day In History 
2/15/14

Nova Scotia governor sends word of potential American invasion:

From Halifax, Canada, on this day in 1776, Governor Francis Legge reports to British headquarters in London that traitorous elements in Cumberland, Nova Scotia, have contacted American General George Washington. Washington received a letter from the Nova Scotians, in which they expressed their sympathy for the American cause, on February 8. They invited General Washington and the Continental Army to invade Nova Scotia at his earliest possible convenience.

Legge found himself in a precarious position. He had alienated many of his constituents through a zealous anti-corruption probe. Now he reported that Nova Scotia had spawned a nascent revolutionary movement. Some of those whom Legge accused of corruption in his drive to clean up colonial politics had allies in the imperial capitol who were insisting that he explain himself in person.

Fortunately for Legge, little notice was taken of his subjects' letter to Washington. The Continental Congress decided on February 16 to allow General Washington to investigate the expediency and practicability of an Expedition to Nova Scotia, but cautioned that Washington should by no means accept the plan proposed for the destruction of the Town of Halifax. After Benedict Arnold retreated in May 1776 from his six-month long siege of Quebec, which included the disastrous attack Quebec on December 31, 1775, the Continental Army gave up its hope that Canada would join the rebellion. Still, Governor Legge received orders to return to London in February 1776 and departed Halifax in May.

Although Canada ceased to be a direct military target, it continued to play an important role as a haven for Loyalists and slaves fleeing from Patriots less concerned with other peoples' liberties than their own. On December 18, 1778, a force of New Jersey and New York Loyalists, The King's Orange Rangers, traveled to Liverpool, Nova Scotia, to help in its defense against Patriot privateers, privately owned ships that used pirate tactics to disrupt British shipping. The Rangers remained until August 23, 1783. Nova Scotia ultimately attracted 30,000 American Loyalists, one-tenth of which were fleeing African slaves. Of the slaves, one third eventually resettled in Sierra Leone. White Loyalists moved to Canada to flee the abuse of Patriot neighbors, African slaves came to British Canada in order to gain freedom from their Patriot owners., A band that's new to The Headquarters has already left a distinct impression. Haven't seen them? You're missing out on a band that puts the "pro" in professional. Tight, electric and engaging. They go on tonight at 10pm. $5 cover. And no, the snow is no longer an excuse...

https://www.facebook.com/events/230529073737509/, Every Thur at The Green Dragon a collection of local music vets come together to sing, joke and entertain. Off-the-cuff songs about a tourist's hometown; an impromptu unplugged serenade to a woman on her birthday when the power goes out; spontaneous percussion by an audience member. They're the band with 600 songs and 1,000 tricks. 

https://www.facebook.com/pages/The-Spittin-Vinnies/475005552609410, Hello Mechanics. Due to the potential snowstorm heading our way The Green Dragon will be opening at 3pm tomorrow., This Day In History
1/31/14

House passes the 13th Amendment

On this day in 1865, the U.S. House of Representatives passes the 13th Amendment to the Constitution, abolishing slavery in America. The amendment read, "Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude...shall exist within the United States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction."

When the Civil War began, President Abraham Lincoln's professed goal was the restoration of the Union. But early in the war, the Union began keeping escaped slaves rather than returning them to their owners, so slavery essentially ended wherever the Union army was victorious. In September 1862, Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation, freeing all slaves in areas that were still in rebellion against the Union. This measure opened the issue of what to do about slavery in border states that had not seceded or in areas that had been captured by the Union before the proclamation.

In 1864, an amendment abolishing slavery passed the U.S. Senate but died in the House as Democrats rallied in the name of states' rights. The election of 1864 brought Lincoln back to the White House along with significant Republican majorities in both houses, so it appeared the amendment was headed for passage when the new Congress convened in March 1865. Lincoln preferred that the amendment receive bipartisan support--some Democrats indicated support for the measure, but many still resisted. The amendment passed 119 to 56, seven votes above the necessary two-thirds majority. Several Democrats abstained, but the 13th Amendment was sent to the states for ratification, which came in December 1865. With the passage of the amendment, the institution that had indelibly shaped American history was eradicated., Somewhere way up there, Red is lighting up a cigar and chuckling..., The second installment of our Wed blues Green & Blue Music Series is under way as the boys in STAXXED slip into Red House by Jimi Hendrix. Tonite features a guest appearance by saxophonist extraordinaire Simonne Ronk., This Day In History: The Great Boston Molasses Flood of 1919

Fiery hot molasses floods the streets of Boston on this day in 1919, killing 21 people and injuring scores of others. The molasses burst from a huge tank at the United States Industrial Alcohol Company building in the heart of the city.

The United States Industrial Alcohol building was located on Commercial Street near North End Park in Boston. It was close to lunch time on January 15 and Boston was experiencing some unseasonably warm weather as workers were loading freight-train cars within the large building. Next to the workers was a 58-foot-high tank filled with 2.5 million gallons of crude molasses.

Suddenly, the bolts holding the bottom of the tank exploded, shooting out like bullets, and the hot molasses rushed out. An eight-foot-high wave of molasses swept away the freight cars and caved in the building's doors and windows. The few workers in the building's cellar had no chance as the liquid poured down and overwhelmed them.

The huge quantity of molasses then flowed into the street outside. It literally knocked over the local firehouse and then pushed over the support beams for the elevated train line. The hot and sticky substance then drowned and burned five workers at the Public Works Department. In all, 21 people and dozens of horses were killed in the flood. It took weeks to clean the molasses from the streets of Boston.

This disaster also produced an epic court battle, as more than 100 lawsuits were filed against the United States Industrial Alcohol Company. After a six-month investigation that involved 3,000 witnesses and 45,000 pages of testimony, a special auditor finally determined that the company was at fault because the tank used had not been strong enough to hold the molasses. Nearly $1 million was paid in settlement of the claims., The Patriots last won the Super Bowl in 2004-05 against the Philadelphia Eagles, their third in a row.  Since then they have appeared in 4 of the last 8 NFL Conference Championships, winning twice only to fall (both times) to the New York Football Giants in the Super Bowl. Today at 8:15 the Patriots resume their quest for a 4th ring as they face Andrew Luck and the Indianapolis Colts at Gillette Stadium...

HERE WE GO!!!!, Live Tonite at The Headquarters: Crunchy Monkey, a fantastic party band. Singer Ryan Charles Engebretson brings the goods.

https://www.facebook.com/crunchymonkeyband?ref=stream&hc_location=stream, Irish Pubs in America, a new book released this fall detailing famous (and infamous) watering holes across the nation and the respective ties to the culture of Irish immigration therein.  The Green Dragon garners a beautiful feature, replete with beautiful shots of The Headquarters ("The Office", and Stanley of course), a well-worded history connecting the original ownership to the Somers' family and a great full-page photo featuring Michael "The Redcoat" Szkolka.  

http://irishpubs.deedspublishing.com/, STAXXED & friends are currently killin' it., TONITE TONITE TONITE TONITE TONITE TONITE TONITE!!!

The debut of our new Green And Blue Music Series hosted by
                                    
                                   STAXXED

Every Wed evening The Green Dragon will be featuring an evening of warm soul and hot blues just in time to melt those winter doldrums. Each month will include a featured artist and every evening guest musicians are encouraged to sit-in and add to STAXXED's already potent stew. Music starts at 9pm! No cover! 

 http://youtu.be/-MlG4XDH44Y, Where Boston nightlife begins. 

http://youtu.be/c5dhrSjyzT0, WHAT ARE YOU DOING FOR NEW YEAR'S EVE?  YOU STILL HAVE TIME TO BUY YOUR TICKETS!
CLICK ON THE LINK BELOW:

https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=3ZC4TFAKC42PS, http://campaign.r20.constantcontact.com/render?ca=1f472947-2367-4fe4-8e65-9e9a81449b1a&c=a80eaf50-1b5d-11e3-af99-d4ae5275505f&ch=a832d920-1b5d-11e3-afa9-d4ae5275505f, Purchase tickets for The Green Dragon's New Year's Eve Party by clicking on the link provided below:

http://www.somerspubs.com/green-dragon/feature.html, The Headquarters is on Twitter! Follow us: @TheDragonBoston, The Headquarters is excited to bring you a new entertainment format starting Jan. 8 and continuing every Wed@9:30pm! 

GREEN AND BLUE MUSIC SERIES, a soul and blues revue, hosted by accomplished local act STAXXED. Every month will spotlight a different musical guest and every evening will feature surprise collaborations! Here's a sneak peek of the boys rolling through the blues classic "Nobody Knows You When You're Down And Out":

http://youtu.be/e4CsEEpGZe8, Live Tonite for this Headquarters Friday the 13th it's:

THE SUB-FIVE
10pm - 1:30am
21+
$5

Get in here, imbibe and warm it up in preparation for tomorrow's snowfall!, Let these 4 fine gentlemen fill you with holiday cheer. Live at The Headquarters this Sat and Sun (12/14 & 12/15), The Honors., Congratulations to Brooke and continued success on her endeavor, Ye Old Tavern Tours. Click the link below (The Green Dragon segment starts at 5:35) and watch The Headquarters' inclusion in a segment from local news program Chronicle. Huzzah!

http://www.wcvb.com/page/search/htv-bos/chronicle/walk-learn-drink-repeat/-/12523032/23170328/-/8rt5vcz/-/index.html, From The Green Dragon and the entire Somerspubs family: Have a happy, safe and laughter-filled Thanksgiving, ...and little sister gets herself a nod as well...

http://www.outforbloodies.com/post/67839008107/durty-nellys, Thank you Favecasters for giving The Headquarters a nod..., http://espn.go.com/blog/statsinfo/post/_/id/78608/tom-brady-vs-peyton-manning-round-14, Live Tonite at The Headquarters:

http://www.littlebluepillri.com/, This Day In History 
11/21/13

Washington Orders Lee To New Jersey

In what proved a fateful decision on this day in 1776, Continental Commander in Chief General George Washington writes to General Charles Lee in Westchester County, New York, to report the loss of Fort Lee, New Jersey, and to order Lee to bring his forces to New Jersey.

Lee wanted to stay in New York, so he dawdled in departing and crossing the small state of New Jersey to the Delaware River, where Washington impatiently awaited the arrival of his reinforcements. Lee, who took a commission in the British army upon finishing military school at age 12 and served in North America during the Seven Years' War, felt slighted that the less experienced Washington had been given command of the Continental Army and showed no inclination to rush.

Famed for his temper and intemperance, the Mohawk had dubbed Lee "Boiling Water." Lee was an adopted tribesman through his marriage to a Mohawk woman, but his union apparently failed to quell his interest in prostitutes. On December 13, Lee left his army, still dallying on its way to join Washington, and rode—with minimal guard--in search of female sociability at Widow White's Tavern in Basking Ridge, New Jersey. It was there that British Lieutenant Colonel Banastre Tarleton and the 16th Queen's Light Dragoons captured him on the morning of December 15.

Former comrades in the British army, Tarleton and Lee were now captor and captive. After being disappointed in his efforts to secure a lucrative royal appointment, Lee had retired to the colonies in 1773 and quickly joined the Patriot cause. Tarleton had sworn in a London club that he would hunt down the traitor to the crown and relieve him of his head. Fortunately for Lee, Tarleton failed to keep his promise, although the vain general may well have preferred a quick end to the humiliation of being led from Widow White's Tavern to New York City in his nightdress.

The British rejoiced at the capture of the Patriots' best-trained commander, while Washington fruitlessly negotiated for his release. Meanwhile, Lee enjoyed his captivity, even drafting a battle plan for his captors from plush accommodations in which his personal servant maintained his three rooms and no doubt served his food and wine in a most civilized fashion. The British did not act upon his plan, and Lee reported to Valley Forge upon his release in May 1778. After a series of arguments with Washington, Lee was suspended from the army in December 1778 and dismissed in 1780., ...to be jolly., 'Tis the season..., Little-changed..., As a way of thanking our fighting men and women for their  continued sacrifice and contribution we at The Headquarters of The American Revolution would like to offer a 50% discount on any food item to any patron who shows a military ID Sunday 11/10 and Monday 11/11. Cheers Mechanics, and thanks., THIS DAY IN HISTORY
11.10.13

Birth of The U.S. Marine Corps

During the American Revolution, the Continental Congress passes a resolution stating that "two Battalions of Marines be raised" for service as landing forces for the recently formed Continental Navy. The resolution, drafted by future U.S. president John Adams and adopted in Philadelphia, created the Continental Marines and is now observed as the birth date of the United States Marine Corps.

Serving on land and at sea, the original U.S. Marines distinguished themselves in a number of important operations during the Revolutionary War. The first Marine landing on a hostile shore occurred when a force of Marines under Captain Samuel Nicholas captured New Province Island in the Bahamas from the British in March 1776. Nicholas was the first commissioned officer in the Continental Marines and is celebrated as the first Marine commandant. After American independence was achieved in 1783, the Continental Navy was demobilized and its Marines disbanded.

In the next decade, however, increasing conflict at sea with Revolutionary France led the U.S. Congress to establish formally the U.S. Navy in May 1798. Two months later, on July 11, President John Adams signed the bill establishing the U.S. Marine Corps as a permanent military force under the jurisdiction of the Department of Navy. U.S. Marines saw action in the so-called Quasi-War with France and then fought against the Barbary pirates of North Africa during the first years of the 19th century. Since then, Marines have participated in all the wars of the United States and in most cases were the first soldiers to fight. In all, Marines have executed more than 300 landings on foreign shores.

Today, there are more than 200,000 active-duty and reserve Marines, divided into three divisions stationed at Camp Lejeune, North Carolina; Camp Pendleton, California; and Okinawa, Japan. Each division has one or more expeditionary units, ready to launch major operations anywhere in the world on two weeks' notice. Marines expeditionary units are self-sufficient, with their own tanks, artillery, and air forces. The motto of the service is Semper Fidelis, meaning "Always Faithful" in Latin., The Green Dragon will be opening at 9am tomorrow to welcome all you parade-goers. We've got an All-Star cast: Areline and Louise on the floor, Whitey and Ray manning the taps. Get in here, grub up and fuel up for an afternoon of cheering on Boston's World Champion Red Sox!

Breakfast Specials 
Sat/Sun 11 - 1pm

Tavern Breakfast Sandwich   $9
Boston’s best breakfast sandwich! Two eggs any style with your choice of Irish bacon, American bacon, or Irish sausage topped w/American cheese. Served on a bulkie roll

Irish Breakfast   $14
Two eggs any style w/imported Irish sausages, rashers, black & white puddings, grilled tomatoes, sauteed mushrooms, baked beans, home fries, and your choice of white, wheat, or rye toast, WIN A TRIP to LAS VEGAS TONITE!!!
Halloween Costume Contest
with Entertainment provided by
The Spittin' Vinnies
10pm - 1:30
21+  No Cover, Happy Halloween Mechanics, Hall of Famer Bill Sharman passed away this morning at the age of 87. Bill, a four-time NBA Champion (1951, 1957-61) as a Celtic during the great Russell/Cousy era also coached the ABA's Utah Stars to the league title in 1971. He then went on to coach the Chamberlain/West Lakers to the NBA title in 1972. Bill then moved into the Laker's front office, overseeing the Showtime era's 5 NBA Championships., Costume Contest!!!!!!!!
WIN A TRIP TO VEGAS

10/26/13
The Green Dragon
Halloween Bash
Live Entertainment by DCQ
21+  $5 cover

Bushmills In-house Promo!
PRIZE GIVEAWAYS
SPECIALTY COCKTAILS, LIVE TONITE The Headquarters presents The Honors@9pm
21+  $5 cover, Fear The Beard! Game 1 of the World Series this Wednesday Night!, THIS DAY IN HISTORY
Oct. 19, 1781

British General Charles Cornwallis formally surrenders 8,000 British soldiers and seamen to a French and American force at Yorktown, Virginia, bringing the American Revolution to a close.

Previously, Cornwallis had driven General George Washington's Patriot forces out of New Jersey in 1776, and led his Recoats in victory over General Horatio Gates and the Patriots at Camden, South Carolina, in 1780. His subsequent invasion of North Carolina was less successful, however, and in April 1781, he led his weary and battered troops toward the Virginia coast, where he could maintain seaborne lines of communication with the large British army of General Henry Clinton in New York City. After conducting a series of raids against towns and plantations in Virginia, Cornwallis settled in Yorktown in August. The British immediately began fortifying the town and the adjacent promontory of Gloucester Point across the York River

Washington instructed the Marquis de Lafayette, who was in Virginia with an American army of around 5,000 men, to block Cornwallis' escape from Yorktown by land. In the meantime, Washington's 2,500 troops in New York were joined by a French army of 4,000 men under the Count de Rochambeau. Washington and Rochambeau made plans to attack Cornwallis with the assistance of a large French fleet under the Count de Grasse, and on August 21 they crossed the Hudson River to march south to Yorktown. Covering 200 miles in 15 days, the allied force reached the head of Chesapeake Bay in early September.

Meanwhile, a British fleet under Admiral Thomas Graves failed to break French naval superiority at the Battle of Virginia Capes on September 5, denying Cornwallis his expected reinforcements. Beginning September 14, de Grasse transported Washington and de Rochambeau's men down the Chesapeake to Virginia, where they joined Lafayette and completed the encirclement of Yorktown on September 28. De Grasse landed another 3,000 French troops carried by his fleet. During the first two weeks of October, the 14,000 Franco-American troops gradually overcame the fortified British positions with the aid of de Grasse's warships. A large British fleet carrying 7,000 men set out to rescue Cornwallis, but it was too late.

On October 19, General Cornwallis surrendered 7,087 officers and men, 900 seamen, 144 cannons, 15 galleys, a frigate and 30 transport ships. Pleading illness, he did not attend the surrender ceremony, but his second-in-command, General Charles O'Hara, carried Cornwallis' sword to the American and French commanders. As the British and Hessian troops marched out to surrender, the British band played the song "The World Turned Upside Down."

Although the war persisted on the high seas and in other theaters, the Patriot victory at Yorktown effectively ended fighting in the American colonies. Peace negotiations began in 1782, and on September 3, 1783, the Treaty of Paris was signed, formally recognizing the United States as a free and independent nation after eight years of war., That familiar chill is in the air..., An update of our This Day In History profile of the defection of Benedict Arnold from 9/19:

On this day in 1776, a British fleet under Sir Guy Carleton defeats 15 American gunboats under the command of Brigadier General Benedict Arnold at the Battle of Valcour Island on Lake Champlain, in what is now Clinton County, New York.

Although nearly all of Arnold's ships were destroyed, it took more than two days for the British to subdue the Patriot naval force, delaying Carleton's campaign and giving the Patriot ground forces adequate time to prepare a crucial defense of New York.

One year earlier, during the Patriots' unsuccessful campaign to take Canada, Carleton, the royal governor general of Canada, had managed to escape Patriot General Richard Montgomery's early successful attacks during the summer and autumn. He snuck into Quebec City, organized 1,800 men for the city's defense, and prepared to wait out the Patriot siege. The Patriots, facing a deadline as their troops' enlistments expired at the end of the year, fired arrows over the city walls on December 7. The arrows carried letters demanding Carleton's surrender. When Carleton did not acquiesce, the Americans began a bombardment of the city with Montgomery's cannon on December 8. They then attempted a disastrous failed assault on December 31, in which Montgomery was killed and Arnold seriously wounded. The action around Valcour Island was the final stage of Carleton's effort to drive Arnold from Canada, once and for all.

Arnold was considered a Patriot hero for his bravery in the siege of Quebec, and earlier during the Patriot capture of Fort Ticonderoga, New York, on May 10, 1775. Arnold, however, did not feel that he had received sufficient accolades for his efforts, and, while serving as commander of West Point in 1780, agreed to surrender the important Hudson River fort to the British for a bribe of £20,000. The plot was discovered after British spy John Andre was captured while carrying incriminating papers, forcing Arnold to flee to British protection. He then joined the British in their fight against the country that he had once so valiantly served.

Arnold died in London in 1801. To Americans, his name is still synonymous with the word "traitor.", The Bruins open their season tonite against the Tampa Bay Lightning at The Garden.  It's a disquieting time for Stanley as it brings back the memory of the night a group mistook him for a Canadiens fan..., THIS DAY IN HISTORY
*Stan's note: It's a juicy one Mechanics, historically speaking

ARNOLD and GATES ARGUE at FIRST BATTLE of SARATOGA

In the early morning hours of this day in 1777, British General John Burgoyne launches a three-column attack against General Horatio Gates and his American forces in the First Battle of Saratoga, also known as the Battle of Freeman's Farm.

Coming under heavy cannon fire from the approaching British troops, General Gates initially ordered the Northern Army to be patient and wait until the British neared before launching a counter-attack. General Gates' second in command, American Brigadier General Benedict Arnold, strongly disagreed with Gates' orders and did not hesitate to share his opinion with his superior. After arguing for several hours, General Arnold was finally able to convince Gates to order American troops onto the battlefield to meet the center column of the approaching British, and to dispatch a regiment of riflemen to intercept the British right flank.

Although the Americans were able to inflict severe casualties on the British, the delay in ordering a counter-attack forced the Americans to fall back. During the five-hour battle, the Americans lost approximately 280 troops killed, while the British suffered a more severe loss of more than 550 killed.

Due to their heated argument and disagreement over military decisions at the First Battle of Saratoga, General Gates removed General Arnold as his second in command. Arnold continued to feel slighted by the army he served, and in 1780, he betrayed the Patriot cause by offering to hand over the Patriot-held fort at West Point, New York, to the British. With West Point in their control, the British would have controlled the critical Hudson River Valley and separated New England from the rest of the colonies. Arnold's wife, Margaret, was a Loyalist and would not have objected to his plans. However, his plot was foiled, and Arnold, the hero of the early battles of Ticonderoga and Saratoga, became the most famous traitor in American history. He continued to fight on the side of the British and, after the war, returned to Britain, where he died destitute in London in 1801., Today's the day..., Welcome back..., Saturday, Sept. 14th, Guinness will be conducting a beer promotion here at The Headquarters from 1:30 - 3:30. In the personal spirit that has made Guinness so beloved a brand the world over, they will be offering personalized glass engravings for each pint purchased during the promo. Does it get any better than that? So be here or be square Mechanics..., This day in history, Sept. 5:

On this day in 1774, in response to the British Parliament's enactment of the Coercive Acts in the American colonies, the first session of the Continental Congress convenes at Carpenter's Hall in Philadelphia. Fifty-six delegates from all of the colonies except Georgia drafted a declaration of rights and grievances and elected Virginian Peyton Randolph as the first president of Congress. Patrick Henry, George Washington, John Adams and John Jay were among the delegates.

The first major American opposition to British policy had come in 1765 after Parliament passed the Stamp Act, a taxation measure designed to raise revenues for a standing British army in America. Under the banner of "no taxation without representation," colonists convened the Stamp Act Congress in October 1765 to vocalize their opposition to the tax. With its enactment in November, most colonists called for a boycott of British goods, and some organized attacks on the customhouses and homes of tax collectors. After months of protest in the colonies, Parliament finally voted to repeal the Stamp Act in March 1766.

Most colonists continued to quietly accept British rule until Parliament's enactment of the Tea Act in 1773, a bill designed to save the faltering British East India Company by greatly lowering its tea tax and granting it a monopoly on the American tea trade. The low tax allowed the company to undercut even tea smuggled into America by Dutch traders, and many colonists viewed the act as another example of taxation tyranny. In response, militant Patriots in Massachusetts organized the "Boston Tea Party," which saw British tea valued at some £18,000 dumped into Boston Harbor.

Parliament, outraged by the Boston Tea Party and other blatant acts of destruction of British property, enacted the Coercive Acts, called the "Intolerable Acts" by colonists, in 1774. The Coercive Acts closed Boston to merchant shipping, established formal British military rule in Massachusetts, made British officials immune to criminal prosecution in America and required colonists to quarter British troops. The colonists subsequently called the first Continental Congress to consider a united American resistance to the British.

With the other colonies watching intently, Massachusetts led the resistance to the British, forming a shadow revolutionary government and establishing militias to resist the increasing British military presence across the colony. In April 1775, Thomas Gage, the British governor of Massachusetts, ordered British troops to march to Concord, Massachusetts, where a Patriot arsenal was known to be located. On April 19, 1775, the British regulars encountered a group of American militiamen at Lexington, and the first shots of the American Revolution were fired.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coercive_Acts, 1,417 likes. Stan the Man is pleased. Keep up the good work Mechanics., On this day in 1776, the British arrive at Long Island, between Gravesend and New Utrecht, with "near twenty four thousand men ready to land in a moment," according to one observer.

General William Howe's large army came to Long Island hoping to capture New York City and gain control of the Hudson River, a victory that would divide the rebellious colonies in half. Five days later, on August 27, the Redcoats marched against the Patriot position at Brooklyn Heights, overcoming the Americans at Gowanus Pass and then outflanking the entire Continental Army. The Americans suffered 1,000 casualties to the British loss of only 400 men during the fighting. Howe chose not to follow the advice of his subordinates, however, and did not storm the Patriot redoubts at Brooklyn Heights, where he could have taken the Patriots' military leadership prisoner and ended the rebellion.

General Washington ordered a retreat to Manhattan by boat. The British could easily have prevented this retreat and captured most of the Patriot officer corps, including Washington. However, General William and Admiral Richard Howe still hoped to convince the Americans to rejoin the British empire in the wake of the humiliating defeat, instead of forcing the former colonies into submission after executing Washington and his officers as traitors. On September 11, Benjamin Franklin, John Adams and other congressional representatives reopened negotiations with the Howe brothers on Staten Island. The negotiations fell through when the British refused to accept American independence.

The British captured New York City on September 15; it would remain in British hands until the end of the war., Tonight LIVE! at The Headquarters, it's the dynamic, funkadelic Beantown Project 

http://beantownproject.com/, If we work upon marble, it will perish; if we work upon brass, time will efface it; if we rear temples, they will crumble to dust; but if we work on men's immortal minds, if we impress on them with high principles, the just fear of God and love for their fellow-men, we engrave on those tablets something which no time can efface, and which will brighten and brighten to all eternity.  

Daniel Webster, The Headquarters has a goal: 2,000 likes by Christmas. Spread the word Mechanics, tell a friend..., The leading mechanics of Boston held a meeting at "The Green Dragon Inn" to pass resolutions in favor of the Constitution.  They deputed Paul Revere to take them to Mr. Adams.

       "How many mechanics", said Samuel Adams, "were at The Green Dragon?"

       "More than it could hold," was the answer.

       "And where were the rest, Mr. Revere?"

       "In the streets, sir."

       "And how many were in the streets?"

       "More, sir, than there are stars in the sky."

       Mr. Adams delayed no longer, but voted in the affirmative.

-From "Samuel Adams: A Character Sketch, Issue 2" by Bishop Samuel Fallows, The carnival is at Government Center Plaza, the rock-n-roll circus is here at The Headquarters tonite with..., http://www.boston.com/business/technology/innoeco/2013/07/the_innovation_trail_of_boston.html?camp=obnetwork, http://calendar.boston.com/boston_ma/events/show/336877043-battle-road-beer-tasting, http://bostonfoodietours.com/foodtour/quincy-marketnorth-enddowntown/, http://calendar.boston.com/boston_ma/events/show/336315203-summer-blink, http://calendar.boston.com/boston_ma/events/show/326278403-boston-challenge-2013-the-ultimate-urban-scavenger-race, http://calendar.boston.com/boston_ma/events/show/317552543-wednesday-night-concert-series, http://calendar.boston.com/boston_ma/events/show/328782623-free-ferry-days-at-the-boston-harbor-islands, http://socialcountdown.boston.com/charts, http://espn.go.com/boston/mlb/story/_/id/9506091/dustin-pedroia-boston-red-sox-finalize-110m-8-year-deal, Boston stalwarts The Lemonheads, Buffalo Tom and The Might Mighty Bosstones prepare to elevate the Boston Commons tomorrow night starting at 5pm...

http://outsidetheboxboston.org/, The rivalry resumes this weekend as the mighty division-leading Red Sox welcome the Yankees to the Friendly Confines...

http://scores.espn.go.com/mlb/preview?gameId=330719102, Tonite at 9:30, The Headquarters presents the infectious, infunkious Cover Me Badd

http://www.covermebadd.net/, ...and it's another spontaneous sing-along early on a Thur evening as The Spittin' Vinnies chug through Queen's "Fat-Bottomed Girls", Tonite at 9:30 we have a special appearance by the inimitable Lauren Bateman 

http://www.laurenbateman.com/fr_home.cfm, Here it is... August's entertainment line-up! End your summer in a big way- we have live music everyday of the week, great food, and refreshing drinks!, The hilarious, facetious... Dave Andrews is playing tonight at 9 PM!, http://www.boston.com/sports/hockey/bruins/2013/07/12/bruins-lock-patrice-bergeron-year-deal/kzKTHrwVha4UvRsZoiF6nN/story.html, We've got Sam Adams doing a beer promo at The Headquarters! If you're in the city, get in here!, And as if that wasn't enough, we've got Stella Artois running a simultaneous beer promo as we speak!, http://mlb.mlb.com/news/article.jsp?ymd=20130710&content_id=53377344&vkey=news_bos&c_id=bos, http://bruins.nhl.com/club/news.htm?id=677568&navid=DL|BOS|home, How Boston got its name...

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Botwulf_of_Thorney, http://boston.cbslocal.com/flicks/, http://www.boston.com/news/local/massachusetts/2013/07/05/anthony-pier-vestige-city-old-waterfront-close-august/4UFjG6QdgsnLs1xt2Eum4L/story.html, http://espn.go.com/boston/nhl/story/_/id/9453309/jarome-iginla-signs-one-year-deal-boston-bruins, http://espn.go.com/nhl/story/_/id/9450628/boston-bruins-dallas-stars-reach-agreement-7-player-trade, For those of you visiting Boston during our country's historic holiday, take a quick trip over the border to Union Sq., Somerville and seek out the Prospect Hill Monument. Some claim it is the site where George Washington flew the first version of the American flag, known as The Grand Union Flag. Union Sq. is famous for its history as a recruiting site for the Union Army during the Civil War. The panorama of Boston and the surrounding areas from atop Prospect Hill (itself rich in history as a strategic fortification site during the Revolution) is breath-taking., Jonny Gomes does it again folks...

http://boston.redsox.mlb.com/video/play.jsp?c_id=bos&content_id=28570193&topic_id=28898650, http://bruins.nhl.com/club/blogpost.htm?id=18904&navid=DL|BOS|home, The Headquarters would like to welcome Brad Stevens, new head coach of our beloved Boston Celtics, Let it be borne on the flag under which we rally in every exigency, that we have one country, one constitution, one destiny - Daniel Webster, Our contest is not only whether we ourselves shall be free, but whether there shall be left to mankind an asylum on earth for civil and religious liberty. - Samuel Adams, A statistical overview of The Truth's impact as a Celtic:

Games: John Havlicek (1,270), Robert Parish (1,106), Paul Pierce (1,102)

Points: Havlicek (26,395), Pierce (24,021)

Career Scoring Average: Larry Bird (24.3), Pierce (21.8)

True Shooting Percentage (min 10K points): McHale (.605), Parish (.587), Pierce (.561)

3 Pointers: Pierce (1,823)

Free Throws: Pierce (6,434)

Assists: Cousy (6,945), Havlicek (6,114), Bird (5,695), Pierce (4,305)

Blocks (since 1973): Parish (1,703), Kevin McHale (1,690), Bird (755), Pierce (668)

Steals: Pierce (1,583), We here at The Headquarters bleed green (It is right in the name). So it is with a leaden but indebted heart that we bid farewell to 2 of the greatest Celtics to ever don the uni. Thank you to Kevin Garnett (Celtics career: 15ppg, 8.25rpg, 3apg) and The Captain, Paul Pierce (22ppg, 6rpg, 4apg) for countless exhilarating memories. And for helping hoist banner 17..., The greatest ability in business is to get along with others and to influence their actions. - John Hancock, July's Music Lineup!, Celtics seasons won't be the same without Doc Rivers insight, sincerity and veracity. Thanks Doc, for helping restore Celtic glory..., http://www.history.com/news/history-lists/11-things-you-may-not-know-about-paul-revere, John and Colby will kick-start your summer weekend with some Happy Hour entertainment from 5-7pm, It's Thirsty Thursday, aka "The day everyone gets stuck in Cape traffic thinking they'll beat Cape traffic". Kenny's manning the taps and local stalwarts The Spittin' Vinnies are rockin' at 9pm. So if you're on 93S, turn around and belly up., Dave Andrews has started his 2nd set, the big bad Bruins are on at 8:00, and immediately after the game it's PD Rogers easing you out of Hump-day into Thirsty Thursday. Ryan is on the bar, Airlene and Molly are roaming the floor. Just another night at The Headquarters..., Friday 6/21
Project DCQ

https://www.facebook.com/pages/Project-DCQ/181380468542273?fref=ts, Tonite, and every Tuesday nite, it's the humorous and eructative Dave Andrews at 9pm

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1t3U_vFKICQ, Ryan is on the bar tonight. Little known fact: through a loophole in international law, cannoli from Mike's Pastry are acceptable legal tender at The Green Dragon. Seriously. Google it. Bring a pastry, get a pint..., "God grants liberty only to those who love it, and are always ready to guard and defend it." - Daniel Webster, Come in for Brunch this weekend!, Along with the rest of the Somers Pubs, The Green Dragon Tavern will be holding a benefit for the One Fund to aid victims of the Boston Marathon bombing tomorrow, Sunday 4/21. A portion of all sales will be donated, as well as all proceeds from the raffle we will be holding and our suggested donation at the door. Please come out and help us raise a ton of money for this great cause!, Update: the Green Dragon will be opening at 6pm with full bar and a limited dinner menu., The Green Dragon Tavern will remain closed until further notice. Please stay safe everyone., The tragedy in Copley Square yesterday was absolutely senseless. The hearts and prayers of the entire Green Dragon Family go out to everyone effected., In town for Marathon Weekend? Come on down to The Green Dragon Tavern! We've got Lobster, Sam Summer, and Live Music all weekend long!, Staying in town for Easter Weekend? Why not spend it with us? We have great live music all weekend long with The Common Good tonight and The Honors Sunday night!, Happy St Patrick's Day Weekend everybody! We have live Irish music all day Saturday and Sunday, and more corned beef and Guinness than you can shake a stick at!, http://www.boston.com/thingstodo/special/irish_pubs_bracket/

Hey everybody! Vote for us in Boston.com's Top Irish Pub competition! If we win we'll do something special for our fans, open to suggestions!, Come in and try our special new homemade Fish Chowder! All night tonight mention that you heard about it on Facebook for half off your first cup or bowl!, Ladies and Gentlemen, The Green Dragon Tavern IS open today!, The Celtics are hosting the Lakers tonight and here at The Green Dragon Tavern we're hosting Naragansett for giveaways from 6-8pm! Come get some swag!, $4.50 pints of Narragansett, all day every day!, Show us your Celtics tickets tonight and we'll warm you up with a complimentary appetizer! See you soon!, Aaaaaaaaaand here we go! Boston Bruins hockey in just over 2 hours! Come get excited with us!, Come in from the cold and enjoy our Live Music all night! We have Dave Andrews from 5-830, then PD Rodgers for the rest of the night! 

And as always, if you're going to see the Celtics take on the Hornets tonight, show us your tickets for a complimentary appetizer!, Going to the Celtics game tonight? Come warm up with us first! Show us your tickets and we'll buy you an appetizer!, Live Music all weekend long at The Green Dragon Tavern! We have The Honors tonight, Big Party Orchestra Saturday, and The Honors back at it again on Sunday night! We'll see you soon., We still have a few tickets left for our New Years Eve Party! Call now to reserve yours! 617 367 0055, NYE Tickets now for sale online! 

http://somerspubs.com/green-dragon/feature.html, We'll be closed here in The Green Dragon tomorrow for Thanksgiving. Enjoy your holidays everyone, and we'll see you over the weekend for these great bands: Grooving You on Friday, The Hitmen on Saturday, and The Honors on Sunday night! Happy Thanksgiving!, Live Music all weekend long at The Green Dragon Tavern! We have The Spitting Vinnies tonight, Cover Story Friday, The Common Good Saturday, and The Honors on Sunday night!, It's definitely Stout & Stew weather. Come in for a $3 pint of Murphy's, stay for a bowl of Beef Stew!, On Veterans Day (Sunday, November 11) The Green Dragon Tavern is proud to offer a free meal to all US Veterans and current US Military. Come in all day, we've got you., It's cold and snowy out, but we have the Christmas decorations up and we're staying warm with our delicious hot drinks. Irish Coffees, Hot Chocolate, Hot Apple Cider, we've got it all!, Happy Halloween from The Green Dragon Tavern! The fun isn't over yet, we have the best party of the week tonight and will be giving away a trip to Las Vegas for the Best Costume at 9pm! Get creative, we'll see you tonight!, Thanks to Hurricane Sandy's expected impact, The Green Dragon Tavern will be closed on Monday, October 29th. Assuming we're not all under water, we plan to reopen Tuesday, October 30th. See everyone then!, Halloween Weekend at The Green Dragon Tavern!

Tonight we have live music from Brick Park!

Saturday night we have live music from The Hitmen, and a costume contest with a Grand Prize trip to Las Vegas!

Sunday night we have live music with The Honors!, Join us for Live Music all weekend long at The Green Dragon Tavern! We have The Spitting Vinnies on Thursday, DCQ on Friday, Cover Story on Saturday, and The Honors on Sunday night! Get excited!, The Green Dragon Tavern has Live Music All Weekend Long with The Spitting Vinnies on Thursday, Brick Park on Friday, The Common Good on Saturday, and The Honors on Friday night! And don't forget our live acoustic Friday Happy Hour from 430-7!, No big plans for Columbus Day Weekend? The Green Dragon has got you covered. We have Live Music all weekend long, with The Spitting Vinnies on Thursday, Big Party Orchestra on Friday, and The Honors on Saturday and Sunday night! See you here!, null, Come down to The Green Dragon Tavern for Live Music all weekend long! We have Big Party Orchestra tonight and a double dose of The Honors on Saturday and Sunday night!, Staying in town for Labor Day Weekend? Come celebrate with us at The Green Dragon Tavern! We have Live Music all weekend long, with The Spitting Vinnies on Thursday, Big Party Orchestra on Friday, Brick Park on Saturday, and The Honors on Sunday night!, Live Music all weekend long at The Green Dragon Tavern! We have The Spitting Vinnies tonight, Pi Alley on Friday, The Hitmen on Saturday, and The Honors on Sunday night!, Come enjoy our Live Music all weekend long at The Green Dragon Tavern! We have The Spitting Vinnies playing tonight, DCQ on Friday, Velvet Jones on Saturday, and The Honors on Sunday night!, Yes, yes we do have Shipyard Pumpkinhead in stock! Come enjoy a few and check out our Live Music all weekend long, with Big Party Orchestra tonight, Grooving You on Saturday, and The Honors on Sunday night!, Couldn't score Coldplay tickets tonight? Come see The Honors at The Green Dragon Tavern!, $3 Pints of Sam Adams Whitewater IPA! Hurry, we're running out!, Come out to The Green Dragon this weekend for live music! We have Big Party Orchestra on Friday, and The Honors on Saturday AND Sunday night!, Come spend your St Patrick's Day Weekend with us at The Green Dragon Tavern! We have live music from The Spitting Vinnies tonight, 2o on Friday, and The Honors on Sunday. Saturday we have Live Irish music all day with Eamon Sheehan and Aidan Meagher from 10am-4pm and Scott Daamgard from 4pm on. We will be opening at 9am and serving great Irish food and drinks all day!, Live Music all weekend long at The Green Dragon Tavern! We have The Spitting Vinnies tonight, Spike the Punch Friday, DCQ Saturday, and The Honors on Sunday night! We'll see you here., We've just added Long Trail Double Bag to our ever-expanding beer list! Come down and enjoy a few, and check out our live music all weekend long with The Spitting Vinnies tonight, Incadence on Friday night, Big Party Orchestra on Saturday night, and The Honors on Sunday night!, Live music all weekend long at The Green Dragon Tavern! We have The Spitting Vinnies tonight, Spike the Punch on Friday, The Jackson Wetherbee Band on Saturday, and The Honors on Sunday night!, We have great bands in The Dragon all weekend! The Common Good on Friday, DCQ on Saturday, and The Honors on Sunday! All shows start about 930., Come down to The Green Dragon Tavern and enjoy live music with us all week long! We have PD Rodgers playing tonight, The Spitting Vinnies on Thursday, Incadence on Friday, and Big Party Orchestra on Saturday! All shows start 930ish., Join us for some live music this weekend with The Spitting Vinnies tonight, Project DCQ on Friday, The Common Good on Saturday, and The Honors on Sunday night! All shows start 930ish., Live Music all weekend long at The Green Dragon Tavern! The Spitting Vinnies tonight, 2o on Friday, Brick Park on Saturday, and The Honors on Sunday night! All shows start 930ish., Live Music all weekend long at The Green Dragon Tavern! The Spitting Vinnies tonight, Incadence on Friday, Big Party Orchestra on Saturday, and The Honors on Sunday! All shows start 930ish., Tickets are still available for NYE but they're going fast! Call or stop into the bar to get yours now!, The Green Dragon Tavern will be closed Saturday night and Sunday in observance of Christmas Eve and Christmas. But we are still open til then! And we have live music tonight with The Spitting Vinnies and Friday night with Big Party Orchestra!, Live Music all weekend long at The Green Dragon Tavern! Incadence tonight, Jackson Wetherbee Band Saturday, and The Honors on Sunday! All shows start 930ish and feature $2 Corona Light bottles!, Ring in the New Year with The Green Dragon Tavern! Tickets on sale now, click below or come in to the bar and reserve yours now! Space is limited.

http://somerspubs.com/green-dragon/feature.html, Live Music all weekend long at The Green Dragon Tavern! The  Spitting Vinnies tonight, The Hitmen on Friday, and The Honors on Saturday and Sunday night! All shows start 930ish and feature $2 Corona Light bottles!, Live Music all weekend long at The Green Dragon Tavern! The Spitting Vinnies on Thursday, Project DCQ on Friday, Edgewater Road on Saturday, and The Honors on Sunday! All shows start 930ish and feature $2 Corona Light bottles!, The Green Dragon Tavern will be closed Thursday for Thanksgiving. But we are open tonight! And we have live music with PD Rogers, come by for a pint., Come down to The Green Dragon Tavern tonight for live music with The Jackson Wetherbee Band! Featuring $2 Corona Light bottles!, Live Music all weekend long with The Hitmen tonight, Edgewater Road on Saturday, and The Honors on Sunday! All shows start 930ish and feature $2 Corona Light bottles!, Come celebrate Halloween Weekend at The Green Dragon Tavern! We have live music all weekend long with DCQ on Friday, Big Party Orchestra on Saturday, and The Honors on Sunday night! All shows start 930ish and feature $2 Corona Light bottles!, Live Music all weekend long at The Green Dragon Tavern! The Spitting Vinnies tonight, Beantown Project on Friday, DCQ on Saturday, and The Honors on Sunday night! All shows start 930ish and feature $2 Corona Light bottles!, Live Music all weekend long at The Green Dragon Tavern! The Common Good on Friday, Big Party Orchestra on Saturday, and Reggae Night with Danny Tucker & the Vibe Tribe on Sunday! All shows start 930ish and feature $2 Corona Light Bottles!, Live Music all weekend long at The Green Dragon Tavern! The Honors tonight, Fire Hazard on Saturday, and Reggae Night with Danny Tucker & The Vibe Tribe on Sunday! All shows start 930ish and feature $2 Corona Light bottles!, Live Music all weekend long at The Green Dragon Tavern! The Spitting Vinnies on Thursday, Incadence on Friday, Edgewater Road on Saturday, and Reggae Night with Danny Tucker & the Vibe Tribe on Sunday! All shows start at 930ish and feature $2 Corona Light bottles!, Celebrate Labor Day Weekend at The Green Dragon Tavern with live music all weekend long from Big Party Orchestra on Friday, The Hitmen on Saturday, and Danny Tucker & the Vibe Tribe on Sunday! All show start at 930ish and feature $2 Corona Light bottles!, Pumpkinhead is here! And we have a big weekend going on, with Royal Lush tonight and Danny Tucker Sunday night. All shows start at 930ish and feature $2 Corona Light bottles!, $3 Longtrail Blackberry Wheat Drafts! While Supplies Last!, Live Music all weekend long at The Green Dragon Tavern! The Spitting Vinnies on Thursday, The Hitmen on Friday, Edgewater Road on Saturday, and Sunday night is Reggae night with Danny Tucker! All shows start 930ish and feature $2 Corona Light bottles!, Live Music all weekend long at The Green Dragon Tavern! The Spitting Vinnies on Thursday, My Silent Bravery on Friday, Grayspot on Saturday, and Sunday night is Reggae night with Danny Tucker! All shows start 930ish and feature $2 Corona Light bottles!, Live Music all weekend long at The Green Dragon Tavern! The Spitting Vinnies on Thursday night, Brick Park on Friday, Head Space on Saturday, and Sunday night is Reggae night with Danny Tucker! All shows start 930ish and feature $2 Corona Light bottles!, Live Music all weekend long at The Green Dragon Tavern! The Spitting Vinnies on Thursday night, Mickey's Fin on Friday, Plaid Daddy on Saturday, and Sunday night Reggae night with Danny Tucker! All shows start 930ish and feature $2 Corona Light bottles!, Live Music all weekend long at The Green Dragon Tavern! The Spitting Vinnies on Thursday night, Grey Spot on Friday, The Honors on Saturday, and Sunday night Reggae night with Danny Tucker! All shows start 930ish., Live music all weekend long at The Green Dragon! The Spitting Vinnies on Thursday, Boston Common on Friday, and Grey Spot on Saturday! All shows start 930ish., Yesterday was great, but Paddy's Weekend continues with Big Party Orchestra tonight and The Hitmen Saturday night at The Green Dragon!, Live music all weekend long at The Green Dragon! The Spitting Vinnies on Thursday, Six Day Slide on Friday, and D.C.Q. on Saturday. All shows start 930ish. Just one more week to St Patrick's Day!, Live music all weekend long at The Green Dragon! The Spitting Vinnies on Thursday, The Honors on Friday and Velvet Jones on Saturday! All shows start at 930ish., Live music all weekend long at The Green Dragon! The Spitting Vinnies on Thursday, Kilroe on Friday and Plane Jane on Saturday! All shows start at 930ish., Thanks for Liking our new Facebook Page! You'll hear all about new and upcoming promotions, shows, specials, and deals right here!, null)