List(Office party for 200? We got you covered. 
Check out our catering menu. 

http://allstarsandwichbar.com/pdf/AllStarSandwichBar_Catering.pdf, Legendary., Hello beautiful!! @UnionSqDonuts black raspberry basil lime, brown butter hazelnut crunch. #inmansquarejustgotbetter, Pandemonium ensues...., On behalf of all of us at All Star Sandwich bar, Happy Valentines Day!, Shout out to our buddy Sam who created awesome art using a napkin to spell out ALL STAR!!!, Don't deny yourself lunch. Let doordash deliver and get $5 off., Funky Sandwich Of The Day
Mojo pulled pork, jack cheese, grilled pineapple, slaw, pickled jalapeños and peanut butter bbq sauce on grilled sourdough, Our delivery service is listed as "what to do" this weekend. Get your orders in early for the patriots game. 

http://boston.eater.com/2016/1/15/10776438/weekend-dining-suggestions-little-big-diner-villa-mexico, Diet starts tomorrow. For today come and indulge., null, Standing room only. Get in 1 last all star meal before 2015 is over!!, Don't let the rain ruin lunch. Get all star to your door with doordash.com and first timers get $5 off., :) thank you!, Thank you to whoever left this..

Love, Chef Johnny, All Star Sandwich Bar, meatballs braised in marinara, ricotta, provolone, fresh basil and pecorino on garlic bread..!!!!!!!!, We are looking to hire all stars to work front of house. Part-time positions are available asap. Come on by with your resume., null, Just got another one.. 
Thank you DAN you are the man!, This is why we get up in the morning and do what we do..
Thanks for being awesome whoever wrote this..!!, All Star Pizza Bar  and All Star Sandwich Bar delivered to your door. 

www.doordash.com

#hookup
#allstartoyourdoor
#cantstopwontstop
#atomicmeatloafmeltdown, Get your Atomic Meatloaf Meltdown delivered and get $5 off. It's like Christmas in October!!, You should serve Atomic Meatloaf Metldown to your guests today for the Patriots game!!  Here's the recipe. 

http://blast-food.com/recipes/origins/american/atomic-meatloaf-meltdown/, null, Want a Mr Miyagi and a poutine delivered to your door? Door Dash is your answer!!, Want an atomic meatloaf meltdown but don't want to walk in the rain? Have doordash deliver right to your door!! That's right, All Star right to your door with doordash.com!!, Atomic meatloaf meltdown makes the list for the top 15 sandwiches you have to try!!, I know how you can be the office All Star today.; Order All Star Pizza Bar & All Star Sandwich Bar for lunch and have it delivered by door dash. Who wants to walk out in the rain anyway!! Let door dash bring all star to your door!!, Finally, All Star Sandwich Bar and All Star All Star Pizza Bar has a delivery service. Door Dash will bring you grub TO YOUR DOOR!! 

www.doordash.com, Phantom Gourmet food fest insanity!, Phantom Gourmet food Festival baby!!!, Veggie Side of the day.. 
crispy fried brussels sprouts, smoked cheddar fondue, chipotle molasses bbq sauce and corn chow chow, null, Atomic Meatloaf Meltdown baby!! "Hurts so good"!!, Funk playing on the radio, smell of meatloaf in the air, end of summer near - it's Labor Day weekend at All Star!!, Welcome to September in Cambridge. Fuel your move on this hot moving day with all All Star Pizza Bar and all star sandwich bar. If work is willing to pay for lunch, we'll cater it!!, Craving a burger..?
Well, here you go..
Fried Pickle Cheeseburger!!, null, Today's veggie side:
cornmeal fried brussels sprouts, goat cheese, lemon thyme vinaigrette, We are hiring servers for part time work. If you have food service experience, like to have fun, like to make a lot of money, swing on thru with your resume., Well said editors of GQ. We don't like wraps either. 

http://www.gq.com/story/sandwiches-vs-wraps-diet-tips?mbid=social_facebook, null, Our country is facing difficult times. Difficulties with employment, with debt, and with geo-politics to name just a few. Yes, there are reasons for concern everywhere we look, yet Americans also have a reason to celebrate. A reason to rejoice. A reason to indulge. We, after all, can rely on the one factor that has never let us down. The one item that has continued to grow, to evolve, and to be a dear friend and salve to us since the days of our childhood. 

The humble sandwich, my fellow Americans, continues to reign gloriously supreme as our national "comfort food" of choice. 

THE STATE OF THE SANDWICH IS STRONG. STRONGER THAN EVER BEFORE IN HISTORY. 

We are poised to experience an era of sandwich unknown by generations past. The emergence of talented specialty sandwich chefs, the ever-increasing wealth of fresh local foods, combined with the continuous development of innovative kitchen techniques will produce a sandwich landscape where quality and creativity MUST be at the forefront, or face extinction. 

The United States has spoken loudly. It yelled that the sandwich, as an institution, must be preserved and must lead the march into the next great culinary era. 

We at All Star Sandwich Bar have heard that cry and promise to carry that flag with honor. We will continue to push the limits of culinary creativity on bread; we will break down boundaries that limit taste and sustenance; we will use our passion to bring our countrymen sandwiches that they have never seen before ... and we'll do it all by having as much fun as possible, because that's the American way. 

God Bless America and her comfort food of choice: THE SANDWICH", Happy Canada Day!! Celebrate with Poutine!!, Must see TV. We are on Phantom Gourmet today at 11am on TV38 talking sandwiches, the 80's and onion rings. Mr Miyagi and Inigo Montoya make an appearance., Beats for today... ✌️, Happy Burger Day!, Have you seen Phantom Gourmet episode on all star sandwich bar?? Here it is...



http://boston.cbslocal.com/2015/05/17/phantom-gourmet-all-star-sandwich-bar-in-cambridge/, #freesweetfridays continues this week with the next 100 customers getting a free salted chocolate biscoff cheesecake square, Phantom Gourmet Watch Phantom Gourmet today at 11AM on TV38. It's gonna be an All Star episode., Reppin the nation. #redsoxnation, Check out our Croque Monsieur, a grilled concoction of baked ham, Swiss cheese, béchamel, red onion jam and Dijon mustard 
in Boston Magazine article about the best grilled cheese sandwiches in Boston!!

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2015/04/10/boston-top-grilled-cheese-sandwiches/, https://youtu.be/cFEgQxVL4U0

All Star was recently on Phantom Gourmet .  Check it out.., Mr Miyagi. Find out. 

www.allstarsandwichbar.com, null, Spring is here and we need to add counter staff. Want to be an all star? Want atomic meat loaf for your staff meal? Come by with a resume., It's waiting for you.., We are watching Phantom Gourmet right now. Are you?, Set your alarms, make sure you have room on your dvr, check for blank vhs cassettes......we have a new segment on Phantom Gourmet this Saturday at 11am on tv 38., meatloaf.., A little treat for our customers who we like to call "our friends"

Bacon fat old bay cheddar biscuits with honey, Spring is in the air....at All Star, at least., Let us take your mind off of the snow, Elvis Burger with cheddar cheese, caramelized bananas, pickled Fresno chilies and peanut butter bbq sauce in grilled brioche., Chili Cheese Fries. Vote for em..

  http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2015/03/02/starch-madness-bracket/, Our chili cheese fries are included in Boston Magazine's Starch Madness Bracket for Boston's Ultimate Fried Potatoes. Vote for us here:

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2015/03/02/starch-madness-bracket/, Our phones are temporarily down, so come on down and place your order in person. Free Oreos are on the counter., Friday hush puppy party!! 100 hush puppies to start the weekend., Atomic Meatloaf Meltdown!!, Hell Rings!!, Chili-Cheese Fries or Poutine?, Cheese Fries baby!!!, null, Check out the cool video @lindsey_paige just posted on Tastemade. 

https://www.tastemade.com/places/all-star-sandwich-bar-1245-cambridge-st-cambridge-ma, No better way to heat up than with the some of the best chili in the country. 

http://www.bonappetit.com/recipes/article/the-best-chili-spots, Closed for the day., Did your Valentine's Day dinner plans get ruined? Treat your loved one to a Valentine's Day lunch with an atomic Meatloaf Meltdown. Think about it, it's a great idea. Get out before the snow starts., We are open today!!, Sorry ya'll, we are being forced to close today due to snow on the roof. We'll re-open tomorrow morning., Extra funky of the day.. Crispy fried chicken tenders, provolone cheese, bolognese sauce, fresh basil and pecorino on grilled French bread, Homemade Mozzarella Sticks with a side of bolognese.. Yea, this happened 👊, We have the best customers or as we like to call them "our friends"
We feel the love 😃, Phantom Gourmet filming day at all star sandwich bar., :-), Super Bowl Special: All Star Pizza Bar

1 cheese pizza
1 pepperoni
1 chef's special of your choice

$40

617-547-0836
Call em in early!!, The atomic meatloaf meltdown is a classic everyone visiting Boston must try. Read the entire list below. 

http://boston.eater.com/maps/25-classic-boston-dishes-map, Stay safe everyone. We're closed for the night and closed tomorrow. We'll see everyone on Wednesday., Believe it.  Check out tripadvisor.com reviews

http://www.tripadvisor.com/Restaurant_Review-g60890-d736323-Reviews-All_Star_Sandwich_Bar-Cambridge_Massachusetts.html, Thanks for the kind words Anna.

http://sampan.org/2015/01/a-food-aficionado-all-star-sandwich-bar/, We've gone back to the 80's with our new menu:


Mr Miyagi-sweet chile ginger hoisin glazed pulled pork, thai basil, cilantro, english cucumber, pickled daikon radish & carrots, 1 fried egg and sesame sriracha aioli on grilled brioche

Inigo Montoya-herb marinated grilled chicken, goat cheese, arugula, tomatoes and lemon thyme vinaigrette on grilled sourdough, New menu drops tomorrow. Read all about it. 

http://boston.eater.com/2015/1/21/7867213/after-eight-years-all-star-sandwich-bar-changes-things-up-a-bit, We love our Oreos and we know you love them too. Here's how Oreos got their start...

http://www.thrillist.com/eat/nation/how-oreos-were-invented?utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=thrillist, Coming Soon!!!! 😃, Glad to be of service. 

http://littlefiction.com/beta/2014TopTenLaFond.html, Hey, wanna hear some gossip?? We are changing our menu. Expect to see A "tofu-sed bahn mi" w/ sweet chile hoisin glazed grilled tofu, Thai basil, cilantro, cucumber, pickled daikon radish & carrots and a fried egg. "Inigo Montoya" will take residency with herb marinated grilled chicken, goat cheese, arugula, tomatoes and lemon-thyme vinaigrette. The "Italian Stallion" will shine with house grilled meatloaf, provolone cheese, arugula, tomatoes and pesto mayo. 

2 weeks away., SportsMania gets his grub on at the Sandwich Bar and brings it home with the  All Star Pizza Bar


https://www.youtube.com/embed/awp8EqspjZw, Porketta Sandwich: citrus-herb marinated roasted pork loin, provolone cheese, charred broccoli rabe and spicy fresno chile sausage gravy on grilled ciabatta. #cantstopwontstop, for you sandwich lovin renters, a list of boston's best sandwiches 
(the atomic meatloaf meltdown makes an appearance)

http://renters.apartments.com/bostons-best-sandwiches, all star shines bright.., Tis the season.. 👊, Black Bean Veggie Loaf ready for the oven..!!, Have you tried our New Orleans classic "muffaletta"? Virginia baked ham, Provolone cheese, Genoa salami, sweet capicola and Kalamata olive relish on scali bread., Today's veggie side: Cornmeal fried poblano peppers, avocado, pico de gallo, queso fundido, black bean vinaigrette., Disco is not dead. It's a disco Saturday all right at the sandwich bar., #atomicmeatloafmeltdown
The one and only.., All the cool kids come to all star for lunch. Where do you go??, Great day for a great sandwich..! Check out our specials 👇👌👍, Come say hello to our feline severs today!!, Fresh coat of paint does a dining room good!!, Dear Mr. Christopher Columbus, thank you for coming to America. Yes, Christopher Columbus is Greek. 

http://www.christopher-columbus.eu/who-was-columbus/chios-greece.htm, 100 person office party! Our catering manager, Patrick Obrien, 617-878-3065, catering@allstarpizzabar.com, will customize your order to accommodate your catering needs. Be your office's all star, get all star catering., I don't see why not. Stay tuned for oyster po'boy. 

http://www.esquire.com/_mobile/blogs/food-for-men/po-boy-sandwich-0914, It's bananas here. We are here, ergo we are bananas., 100 deep for BBQ Chicken salad at Phantom Gourmet food festival!!, It's BBQ chicken salad time at Phantom Gourmet food festival. 500,000 food samples, 100 restaurants, 100,000 people. Millions of memories., #atomicmeatloaf baby!!, We are hiring front of the house staff. Drop off a resume and prepare yourself for what ensues!!, Welcome to Cambridge. Inman Square - Cambridge, MA. !! Move in day!!, Pizza or Sandwich? What's your vice? All Star Pizza Bar, "My Tostones brings all the boys to the yard". Today's veggie special side: crispy fried Tostones, pickled jicama, caramelized pineapple, ginger mint yogurt sauce and fresh cilantro., "Give into temptation, otherwise it turns into regret-and who wants to live with regret??!!" Your atomic meatloaf meltdown awaits, I promise this was not us., We'll be slinging BBQ CHICKEN SALAD. Be there it be square. Phantom Gourmet 

https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=802984673092852&id=100001439793376, If the Atomic meatloaf meltdown was on this list, it would read: You are a badass!!

http://www.thrillist.com/eat/nation/sandwich-stereotypes-grilled-cheese-tuna-fish-pb-j?vc=2322, Let's start off the day right with some catering....!!!!, Make the experience your own. Is there something we can do to personalize all star for you? Give us a shout!!, Did somebody call the sandwich police??!!, crispy fried chicken, cheddar fondue, guacamole, romaine, guajillo tamarind hot sauce on homemade old bay maple cheddar biscuits... ! 
Holy shhhhh............, null, Summer strawberry heirloom tomato gazpacho., Jerked BBQ chicken melt: jerk BBQ marinated grilled chicken, jack cheese, pickled red onions, caramelized grilled pineapple & ginger mint yogurt ranch dressing on grilled sourdough., Hmmmmmmm....., The one and only.. THE ATOMIC MEATLOAF MELTDOWN!!!!, Craving a burger..?
We got you!!!!, The rain stopped, the sun came out we played disco music over the speakers and the people rushed in., Pork belly Bahn Mi: soy-cola glazed pork belly, sesame pickled cucumbers, carrots, sweet chile ginger hoisin, 1 over easy egg & Thai basil on grilled baguette., Today's Veggie special appetizer: 
Heirloom tomato/feta/watermelon salad with Thai basil and EVOO, Grilled sweet corn, basil aioli, Pecorino Romano cheese. Tastes good in your mouth., We believe balancing work and play is one of the keys to success. Having a great staff makes work fun and enjoyable. Knowing what you want out of life is a must. Read on for more. 

http://www.personalbrandingblog.com/an-all-star-state-of-mind/, Keep an eye out for this gluttonous goodie. Ham & Cheese Mac & Cheese. Gonna grace us with its presence next week., B.L.T.A.E 

Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato, Avocado, Fried Egg, Herb Mayo. Deliciously delicious decadence. Do it. I Dare you. Don't not do it. Dude., Get creative this fourth of July feed your friends fried gator. 

http://vimeo.com/m/17629570, All Star Pizza Bar alert!! Follow on twitter to get free pizza., Pastrami Rueben. New York style black pepper crusted pastrami, Swiss cheese, sauerkraut and Russian dressing on grilled dark rye., Bad sandwich, Bad sandwich whatcha gonna do, whatcha gonna do when we come for you. 

Don't settle for bad sandwiches. You deserve All Star Sandwiches., null, Today's Burgers:

The Nacho Patty Melt
grilled all beef patty, guacamole, tortilla chips, charred green chile queso fundido, pickled red onions and sour cream on Texas toast 

The North Shore 3-Way 
grilled all beef patty, rare roast beef, horseradish cheddar, James River BBQ braised onions and spicy inner beauty aioli on a grilled onion roll, Get ready for resident Boston Burger expert, Richard Chuddy, of Boston Burger Blog, to take over the burger offerings for the weekend. Menu to be announced tomorrow., New yellow facade. Nice and bright for the summer., Chester Copperpot and Clark Griswold made appearances today., Today's extra-funky: jerk grilled chicken, avocado, romaine lettuce, grilled pineapple salsa, feta cheese and ginger mint yogurt sauce., Pizza can be both healthy and tasty. 

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/health/blog/2014/05/01/star-pizza-bar-vegan/, null, null, null, null, Eating fish on Fridays for Lent?? We got you covered. Buttermilk soaked fried haddock po'boy with chopped romaine lettuce, vine ripened tomatoes, sweet pickle relish, Tabasco remoulade on grilled French bread., Catering for 200 future lawyers at Harvard Law school today. Will Harvey Spector be there? #suits, Lucky for you we do., Atomic Meatloaf Meltdown topps Zagats list of best sandwiches in Boston!!

http://www.zagat.com/b/boston/bostons-9-best-sandwiches?utm_campaign=-&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter&utm_content=boston&utm_term#1, I'm downloading 70's disco house music for this weekend. Saturday lunch service will be interesting!!, Phantom Gourmet 11am. Tv 38. See the best hair on TV talk about All Star Pizza Bar., Oh yeah, burgers are sandwiches too, you know.
, "The AMAZING" yea you heard right.. We said amazing.. 
Warm rare roast beef, broccoli-cheddar fondue, 1over easy egg, crispy fried onion strings, and sun-dried tomato hot sauce on sesame brioche, Veggie sandwich of the day..summer is coming:
grilled eggplant, fresh mozzarella, tomatoes, roasted peppers, baby spinach and basil pesto on grilled sourdough, Meet our newest culinary intern from Cambridge Rindge and Latin, Jordan!! Welcome aboard buddy!!, Where my vegetarians at!! Pls stand up!! Grilled garlic & herb marinated broccoli rabe with goat cheese, fire roasted red peppers and herb mayo on wheat toast!!, A poem to start our day..., Dinner and a show, We really do have the best customers.. Haha!!!!, All American cheeseburger, Crispy fried Brussel sprouts, grilled cornbread, all star buffalo sauce, maytag blue cheese, The. Mr. Miyagi burger
2 quarter pound Chinese five spice ginger pork sausage patties, spicy brussels sprout kimchi, 1 fried egg, honey glazed bacon and ginger miso mayo on a grilled sesame brioche roll, Sweet Potato wedges with pineapple scotch bonnet glaze and mint-ginger-Greek yogurt dipping sauce. Grilled falafel with sprouts, cucumbers, red onions and tahini sauce. Smoked beef brisket, jack cheese, cumin slaw and chipotle Russian., The BIG JERK: jerked chicken salad, jack cheese, fresh pineapple, mixed greens, sweet guava mustard on grilled sourdough., the Mr. Miyagi Burger. 1/2 lb Chinese Pork Sausage Patty, Honey Glazed Bacon, 1 Over Easy Egg, Brussel Sprout Kim Chi and Ginger Miso Mayo on grilled brioche roll., Friday night date spot...
Valentines day is coming!!

http://datedesigner.com/date/view/52/, We are open usual hours! Working at home due to snow? Come on by for lunch., Mmm.. Sandwiches, Call your order in now for pizzas. We are almost sold out., Funky of the day..
Fennel rosemary roasted pork, provolone cheese, fried peppers and onions and tomato vodka sauce on ciabatta, it's getting WiLd in here..., Please get your orders in early today. 3 for $33 will sell out!!, @AllStarPizzaBar: Your Super Bowl special: 3 for $33. Any 3 pizzas (up to 3 toppings max) for $33 bucks. Redheads, Ms Piggys Fig, Atomic meatloaf and more!!!!, @AllStarPizzaBar: Your Super Bowl special: 3 for $33. Any 3 pizzas (up to 3 toppings max) for $33 bucks. Redheads, Ms Piggys Fig, Atomic meatloaf and more!!!!, Your Super Bowl special: 3 for $33. Any 3 pizzas (up to 3 toppings max) for $33 bucks. Redheads, Ms Piggys Fig, Atomic meatloaf and more!!!!, crispy fried pork cutlet dipped in sweet chile sesame sauce, kim chi, avocado, fresh cilantro and coconut lime ranch on a grilled sesame roll!!!!, Pork belly!!!!!!! 
Mmmmmmm..., Get your POUTINE on at these top spots for the Canadian delicacy!!

http://bostinno.streetwise.co/2014/01/27/best-poutine-in-boston/#s_all-star-sandwich-bar_s, Bahn mi burger..
Togarashi rubbed all beef patty, pickled daikon radish, mango, avocado, 1 over easy egg, cilantro and sweet chile miso mayo on a grilled sesame brioche roll, All time classic; the Roast Beef Club triple decker!! House roasted beef, red leaf lettuce, vine ripened tomatoes and herbed mayo on rustic white toast, The champion of sandwiches; The Monte Cristo. Virginia baked ham, fresh oven roasted turkey breast, Swiss cheese grilled on French toast with mango pineapple jam on the side., Elvis is in the building....
The Elvis burger- grilled all beef patty, honey glazed bacon, caramelized bananas, peanut butter and pickled Fresno chilies in between two grilled cheese sandwiches!!!, Heat yourself up this week with a bowl of chili rated top ten in the country!!!


http://www.bonappetit.com/recipes/article/the-best-chili-spots, That's one way of describing the Elvis Burger...."orgasmic screaming as you eat it", The sandwich humbly requests a trip to the jerry springer show for a "baby daddy" paternity test. Sandwich denies having had any relations with this person., An entry into our customer feedback book from earlier today. It very well might be the ponch, Joe...but more sq feet would be nice :), Mojo braised pork, sharp cheddar, guacamole, 1 fried egg, corneal fried poblano peppers and crema Mexicana on a grilled sesame brioche roll, Beef on weck.. 
It's damn goooooood, Craving a Cuban sandwich...?
Come by and have one you'll feel better..! :-), Get your pizza order in early for the Pats game cuz it's starting to get crazy., null, We cook for you allowing you to enjoy your party!! Catering is always the best option., Funky of the day:
All-Star meatloaf, sour cream mashed potatoes and wild mushroom gravy!!!, Come by and try our newest creation... Mac & cheese pizza!, Atomic meatloaf food truck..?
Yes or No?, What kind of toppings are you getting on your pizzas tonight? BBQ pulled pork w/ caramelized vidalia onion is on the menu today., This Saturday, we bring you the All Star "Philly Steak" that will be our offering at Monday's Steak and Cheese Throwdown. 
Shaved steak, sharp yellow cheddar, caramelized vidalia onions, fire roasted red peppers, applewood smoked bacon and BBQ sauce on grilled French Bread. Phantom Gourmet, Here a few sandwiches to draw inspiration from. 

http://www.kulfoto.com/interesting/1154/the-most-outrageously-expensive-foods-in-the-world/15502/double-truffle-hamburger-db-bistro-moderne-nyc-99, Yes, we did., We made the trek in today. Open at 11!!, Leftovers shmeftovers. It's ok to gain weight during the holidays. We'll diet with you after Jan 1. Come and adore the sandwich., We will be closing at 3pm today and closed Christmas Day. Get home safe and have fun this holiday. 2013 wasn't easy, you deserve it!!, Gift certificates are available and really cool gift ideas!!, Sinatra Sundays at All Star!!, Fist timer all the way from Philly., Phantom Gourmet Fest...
yEa bOoooooyyyyy, That's a POUTINE sandwich with bacon and eggs., null, To all our new neighbors Welcome to Cambridge!!! To those who left, sorry for making you gain 10lbs!!, null, Have you ever read a menu and began to instantly devise a plan to get out of what you are doing and head straight to that establishment?  Read today's menu, wipe the drool and start making your way to Cambridge..

http://allstarsandwichbar.com/pdf/AllStarSandwichBar_Specials.pdf, We need front of the house help. Hiring cashiers and severs. Come in a talk to us., We named a burger after Zeus. Nuff said, get here., Website host is down, specials are the same as yesterday except for the daily. Friday special is "buttermilk cornmeal fried catfish with lettuce, tomatoes, sweet pickle relish on grilled French"., It's cool in here..., Romance is in the air...and it smells like BACON!!, The Evanator 
2 Grilled All Beef Patties with Sharp Cheddar, Bacon, 1 Fried Egg, Onion Rings and PB&J in between 2 Honey Dipped Donuts! I can't believe he ate the whole thing.......!, Free slices of pizza for all Boston Bruins players and employees during the Stanley cup playoffs. (With ID of course), We are open and proud to be Bostonians!!, Given the recent events, both restaurants will remain closed until further notice. Please stay inside and keep safe., On Tuesday 4/16, we're giving away free swag at the pizza bar. Buy a 16' pie and I'll give you a free t shirt....let all your friends know., null, Psst..Tuesday April 16th.. I'm giving away free "keep calm and eat pizza" T-shirts with every 16" inch pizza... Pass it on. Tell your friends., Beef on Weck reppin', Make sure to Like All Star Pizza Bar's page to find out when we'll be giving away free "Keep Calm and Eat Pizza" T-shirts.

https://www.facebook.com/AllStarPizzaBar?ref=stream, Sandwich Bar is OPEN!! Come on thru!!!, Orders are coming in by the boat load for the Super Bowl special. Any 5 pizzas for $55 bucks. Call your orders in early.., Super Bowl special at all star pizza bar. Any 5 Pizzas for $55 bucks. the teams might suck, but your food won't., Super Bowl Special - Any 5 pizzas for $55 bucks. Get your orders in early. The teams might suck, but the food doesn't have to!! 617-547-0836, A few years ago Bon Appetit magazine picked us as one of their top 10 chili spots in the nation.  We're still here, still serving our Texas State Penn Chili, which is meaty and spicy.  Come in and have some to warm up.

And while you're here, have a sandwich!, Our Extra Funky today features Chef Johnny's secret recipe best-there-is Buffalo sauce:

Roasted Chicken Tossed in All Star Buffalo Sauce with Applewood Smoked Bacon, Red Leaf Lettuce, Roasted Tomatoes, Crispy Fried Onions and Blue Cheese Dressing on Grilled Sourdough

And we have curried-beer-batter-fried cauliflower, too!  Check out the whole story at this link., In today's Extra Funky category:

CHIPOTLE PULLED PORK PARM
Slow Roasted Pork Shoulder with Jack Cheese, Queso Fresco Ricotta Spread, and Spicy Chipotle Marinara Sauce on Grilled French

And the rest:
http://allstarsandwichbar.com/pdf/AllStarSandwichBar_Specials.pdf, Do you like crazy burgers?  Then you'll like this:

THE AGGIE BURGER
½ Pound Grilled All Beef Patty with Applewood Smoked Bacon, Sharp Cheddar Cheese, 1 Fried Egg, Pickled Fresno Chiles and Jerked Peanut Butter BBQ Sauce on a Grilled Seeded Brioche Roll

All of our specials:
http://allstarsandwichbar.com/pdf/AllStarSandwichBar_Specials.pdf, How about some of Chef Johnny's homemade chicken and dumpling soup with your sandwich today?  Maybe with Shayna's ALT, or a Fried Chicken BLT, or a Chipotle Roasted Chicken Parm?

All our specials: http://www.allstarsandwichbar.com/pdf/AllStarSandwichBar_Specials.pdf, Don't feel like cooking?  Come in and try today's VEGGIE Special:
Panko-Peanut-Coconut Battered & Fried Tofu with Baby Spinach, Sweet Chile Ginger-Mushroom Spread, Sesame Quick Pickles and Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce Pressed on Scali

OR today's EXTRA FUNKY:
Smoked Beef Brisket with American Cheese, Devilled Egg Salad and Pineapple Honey Mustard on a Grilled Seeded Brioche Roll

OR something else yummy:, 2012 DIG This award for Best Sandwiches goes to ....

All Star Sandwich Bar, Today's Funky special is full of flavors:

Creole Mustard-Buttermilk Fried Chicken Drizzled with Orange-Rosemary Honey, Jack Cheese, Applewood Smoked Bacon, Red Leaf Lettuce, Tomatoes and Horseradish Aioli on Grilled Sourdough

And the rest of the specials, here:, Today's Funky special:
Roasted & Pulled Chicken with Provolone Cheese, Grilled Broccoli Rabe, Fried Peppers& Onions and Sweet Italian Sausage Gravy on Grilled French

We also have a Catfish Po'Boy, a Chili Cheeseburger, a Veggie Chili Grilled Cheese, plantains on the side, and much more:, Check out our veggie special today:

VEGGIE CHILI GRILLED CHEESE
All Star Veggie Chili with Sharp Cheddar Cheese, French Fries, Avocado, 2 Fried Eggs and Sour Cream on Grilled Sourdough

And everything else:, Thrilled/bummed about the election results?  Come on in for a Chili Cheeseburger, or Turkey, Bacon & Cheese, or Chipotle-Honey Tamarind Braised Pork Shoulder with Queso Blanco, or one of our other specials!  No matter your politics, you'll feel happier.

Check out all the details at this link., We won!  :-), Come on out to support us and have some great food., Here's the menu for the Second Annual National Sandwich Day Face-off, which is this Saturday., This Saturday!  We'll be there., Do it.  Do it.  Do it.  Do it.  BUY YOUR TIX.  Its gonna be craaaaaaaazzzyyyyyy.  

http://sandwichday.brownpapertickets.com/, We are open all day today., null, We'll be there!, Our regular Friday daily special is a fried seafood sandwich.  Today it's scallops!

THE SCALLOP ROLL
Buttermilk Cornmeal Fried Bay Scallops with Shaved Endive, Mango Cucumber Relish and Avocado Crema on a Grilled Brioche Torpedo Roll, Awwwwww yeaaaaaahhhhhh, one of the best Roast Beef sandwiches in Boston!  Our Beef on Weck!, Hey hungry people: we're still featuring THE LUMBERJACK BURGER: ½ Pound Grilled All Beef Patty with Maytag Blue Cheese Spread, Maple Glazed Smoked Bacon, Crispy Fried Onions, 1 Fried Egg and Horseradish-Dijon Aioli on a Grilled Seeded Brioche Roll

and, we have Oreo Banana Caramel Cheesecake for dessert!, November 3rd is National Sandwich Day, and we'll be reppin at the Second Annual Sandwich Face-Off at Chez Henri.  This is going to be delicious and fun!, You know you want this:

THE LUMBERJACK BURGER
Grilled all beef patty with sharp Vermont cheddar, maple glazed applewood smoked bacon, Maytag blue cheese purée, 1 fried egg, crispy fried onions, and horseradish Dijon aioli on a grilled seeded brioche roll., Today's Veggie special:  Avocado with Jack Cheese, Whipped Goat Cheese, Fire Roasted Peppers, Watercress, Red Onions, Tomatoes and Tabasco Remoulade Pressed on Sourdough

In non-veggie fun, we have a Pork Belly Cheeseburger!

Check it all out., In today's Extra Funky category, a special extra-worthy of the category name:

Korean BBQ Marinated & Grilled Chicken Tenders with Jack Cheese, Avocado, Ginger-Shitake-Portobello Mushroom Hash, Sautéed Spinach, Fresh Cilantro Topped with 2 Fried Eggs on Grilled French, Yo, we have MAC & CHEESE sandwich!

Applewood Smoked Bacon with All Star Mac n Cheese, 
Sharp Yellow Cheddar, Crispy Fried Pickles and Chipotle 
Russian Dressing Pressed on Sourdough, Tomorrow,Saturday at 11am on TV38, All Star Pizza Bar gives away its secrets on Phantom Gourmet.  Watch it. For real.  Its dope.  Seriously.  Its awesome.  No joking.  Incredible., Check out today's Funky special:

THE PAISANO
Italian Spiced Sausage-Beef Patty with Provolone Cheese, Sautéed Spinach and Cacciatore Sauce On Grilled Garlic Bread

We also have kimchee burger, with house-made kimchee.

Click for all the specials., Our USA entry in our Global Street Food celebration is a Kentucky Hot Brown:

House Roasted Turkey with Applewood Smoked Bacon, Sharp Cheddar Cheese, Slow Roasted Tomatoes, Rosemary Béchamel and Crispy Fried Onions on Battered & Grilled Sourdough Toast, This is our Korean-style sandwich.  Korean Gojujang BBQ Marinated Grilled Steak Tips with House Made Kimchi, 1 Fried Egg and Honey-Ginger Wasabi Ranch Dressing on a Grilled Black Pepper Brioche Roll, Hey folks, did you see that we're doing our tribute to Global Street Food again?  We've got Mexico (torta), Italy (panini), Korea (kalbi), Greece (gyro), and the USA (Kentucky Hot Brown!).  Check 'em all out., Global Street Food Week is a time where we welcome students from across the globe and remind them that they can find "home" at All Star.  Its also an opportunity for us to remind everyone of how awesome "street food" is by re-creating some of the wonders we've experienced in our travels.  Here is this year's menu, go ahead and drool.  

http://www.allstarsandwichbar.com/pdf/AllStarSandwichBar_Specials.pdf, Feeling extreme?  Try the Double Dog Burger:

½ Pound Grilled All Beef Patty with 1 Grilled Pearl All Beef Hot Dog, Applewood Smoked Bacon, Raw Onion, Pickles, Shredded Iceberg Lettuce, Tomatoes and Secret Sauce Sandwiched Between 2 Grilled Cheese Sandwiches, Did you notice?  Chef Johnny is making the All Star Chicken Gyro again!

Marinated Chicken Breast with Sheep's Milk Feta Cheese, Classic Tsaziki Sauce and "Greek Salad" Relish on Grilled Pita Bread, Garlic Clove Stuffed Slow Roasted Pork Shoulder with Swiss Cheese, Ham, Arugula, Fried Fennel, Dijon Goat Cheese Purée and Port-Balsamic Fig Sauce on a Grilled Seeded Brioche Roll, Highlights from our Top 10 Cheap Eats in the United States specials, today:

Garlic Clove Studded Slow Roasted Pork Shoulder with Swiss Cheese, Virginia Baked Ham, Fig Vin Cotto Sauce, Arugula, Crispy Fried Fennel and Dijon Goat Cheese Puree on a Grilled Seeded Brioche Roll

Shaved Steak with American Cheese, Applewood Smoked Bacon, 2 Fried Eggs, French Fries, Coleslaw and Mustard BBQ Sauce on Grilled Sourdough

Sauteed Portobello, Shitake and Cremini Mushrooms with 
Asiago& Jack Cheese, Baby Spinach, Tomatoes and Russian 
Dressing Pressed on Sourdough

And tons more!  Click the link for all the specials., Top 10.  In the United States!  Yeah, baby!, Poutine, here and there.  Have you tried our poutine?, In any case, Chef Johnny made Oreo Caramel Cheesecake for dessert!, Or maybe Juanito's ALT is more to your liking?

Avocado with Jack Cheese, Romaine Lettuce, Tomatoes, Crispy Fried Onions and Cilantro Aioli on Sourdough Toast, Perhaps you are interested in our Island Jerked Steak Melt:

Jerk Seasoned Shaved Steak with American & Provolone Cheese, Shredded Iceberg Lettuce, Avocado, Cucumber-Pineapple-Mint relish, Coconut Ranch and Inner Beauty Hot Sauce on Grilled French, Today:
-mojo braised pork shoulder
-hummus with mozzarella, eggplant, arugula, tomatoes, red onions
-Buffalo Cheesesteak BLT
-BBQ fried chicken bacon melt
-The American Fondue Cheeseburger
-crispy fried green beans, Highlights from the current specials:
-cured pork shoulder confit with cheddar, avocado, tostones, etc.
-fried chicken BLT melt
-teriyaki grilled chicked with spinach, avocado, fried egg, wasabi-ginger ranch
-fried poblano cheeseburger

Get all the details at this link, Today we have a Citrus-braised pork shoulder, a BBQ rubbed roast beef, a Grilled veggie hummus, a blackened catfish po'boy, a chicken parm, and so much more., Today we've got a Blackened Catfish Po'Boy, *and* Banana Nutella Cheesecake!, Tuesday Night Fight is coming back to Parlor Sports on June 26th with a Pizza Royale Rumble! Four spots are getting ready to battle it out - All Star Pizza Bar, Emma's Pizza, Easy Pie and Eat at Jumbo's! 

Who is your favorite? Hope to see you there!

http://pizzarumbletuesdaynightfight.eventbrite.com/, All you gourmands out there, take note:

THE REUBEN CHEESEBURGER
½ Pound Grilled All Beef Patty with N.Y. Style Black Pastrami with Swiss Cheese, Sauerkraut and Russian Dressing on a Grilled Seeded Brioche Roll
, Chicken Schawarma is back as today's Funky!

Middle Eastern Yogurt & Spice Marinated Grilled Chicken 
Tenders with Fresh Farmers Cheese, Crisp Iceberg Lettuce, 
Tomatoes, Raita and Tahini Sauce on Grilled Flat Bread
, Today's Veggie special is a portobello mushroom torta:

Beer Battered Portobello Mushroom with Sharp Cheddar Cheese, Crispy Fried Poblano Pepper, Pineapple Curtido Slaw, Guacamole and Cilantro Aioli on a Grilled Seeded Roll
, Hey Sandwich Bar fans, if you've been meaning to try our new Pizza Bar across the street, today's a good day because we have Atomic Meatloaf Pizza available by the slice all day.
, Today' Extra Funky special:

FRIED CHICKEN CARBONARA MELT

Buttermilk Fried Chicken with Mozzarella & Asiago Cheese, Applewood Smoked Bacon, Peas, Baby Arugula, Shaved Red Onion and Carbonara Sauce on Grilled Sourdough
, Kosta will be on The Phantom Gourmet, Saturday morning at 11pm on myTV38., Oh yeah, All Star meatballs are back, in our Funky special:

ALL STAR MEATBALL SUB
House Made Meatballs Stuffed with Fresh Mozzarella Cheese, Sautéed Spinach, Melted Provolone and Roasted Garlic Marinara Sauce on Grilled French
, The current Veggie Special:

JUANITO's ALT

Sliced Avocado with Sharp Cheddar Cheese, Watercress, Tomatoes, Crushed Tortillas, Pickled Red Onions and Chipotle Russian Dressing on Grilled French

Click the link to see all of our specials., THE PORK BELLY CHEESEBURGER

½ Pound Grilled All Beef Patty with Gruyere & Fontina Cheese, Crispy Pork Belly Confit, Watercress, Pickled Red Onions and Ancho Chile Guava Sauce on a Grilled Seeded Brioche Roll
, Today's Funky special:

THE BANH MI

Soy-Ginger Cola Marinated & Grilled Pork Loin with Spicy Edamame Puree, 1 Fried Egg, Crispy Citrus Slaw, Fresh Cilantro, Sweet Chile Shitake Relish and Mayo on a Grilled Seeded Roll
, "Lovers of the All Star Sandwich Bar are in luck as the crew takes on the bread, cheese and meat dream team from a new angle. Welcome All Star Pizza Bar to the Cambridge neighborhood and then have a heated discussion about the merits of sandwiches versus pizza. Which is more versatile? Which would you choose to eat if you could only have one for the rest of your life? You have a lot to think about and All Star might be the perfect place to do it."
, Johnny made cheesecake!

Maple-Orange Cheesecake, Spiced Walnut Streusel, Greek Yogurt and Blackberry Caramel Baked on a Ginger Snap Crust
, Do you know about our Lunch Combo?  Choose from the lunch combo half-sandwich, salad, and soup or chili.  $8.95 for two choices, $9.95 for three.

Today's lunch combo half-sandwich is Smoked Beef Brisket with American Cheese, Creamy Slaw and BBQ Sauce Pressed on Rustic White

Also, check out the rest of our specials at this link., Today's Cheese special features Gruyere and Fontina:

Applewood Smoked Bacon with Gruyere Cheese & Fontina  Cheese, Caramelized Onion Jam, Watercress and Pickled Fresno Chili Aioli on Griddled Brioche Toast
, Nice overview of our new Pizza Bar across the street., If you're not in the mood for a sandwich, how about trying our new Pizza Bar across the street?  Like our page for more information.
, Looking for something a little different?  This is sweet, tangy, crunchy, and meaty.

THE PEANUT BUTTER BBQ BURGER
½ Pound BBQ Rubbed Grilled All Beef Patty with Sharp Cheddar Cheese, Honey Glazed Bacon, Watercress, Fried Jalepenos and Peanut Butter BBQ Sauce on a Grilled Seeded Brioche Roll

Or check out the rest of our specials.
, Have you heard that our Pizza Bar has opened across the street?

Like us at at http://www.facebook.com/AllStarPizzaBar
, Today's Veggie special:

Buttermilk Fried Zucchini with Jack Cheese, Romaine Lettuce, Guacamole, Queso Fresco Crema Mexicana and Ancho Chile Achiote BBQ Sauce on Grilled Sourdough
, Today's Funky special:

Funky Grilled Sweet Italian Sausage with Provolone, 2 Fried Eggs, Charred Broccoli Rabe Smothered in Bolognese on Grilled Garlic Bread
, Today's Extra Funky special is a Jerk Chicken Melt:

Jerk Marinated Grilled Chicken with Smoked Gouda Cheese, Avocado, Watercress, Poblano-Red Onion Escabeche, Habanero Guava Sauce and Coconut-Ginger Ranch Dressing on Grilled Sourdough
, Friday's Daily Special is a po' boy, and today it's catfish:

Blackened Catfish Po' Boy with Romaine Lettuce, Tomatoes, Sweet Pickle Relish and Tabasco Remoulade on Grilled French
, Today is opening day at our new restaurant across the street!, null, null, Free pizza and beer at All Star Pizza Bar tonight, 5-8pm!, While awaiting the opening of All Star Pizza Bar on Thursday, why not come in for a sandwich?  Some of the choices:

Carnitas & Egg
Mac & Cheese
Chicken Parm/Bolognese
Mexican Spiced Meatloaf Torta
, Did you hear that All Star Pizza Bar is opening this Thursday, April 26th?  Go like our page if you are into pizza.

If you can't wait until Thursday, come by our pizza party tomorrow, April 24th, from 5 to 8pm., Psst : Pizza party at All Star Pizza Bar, Tuesday 4/24, 5 - 8pm. Free pizza and PBRs. 
, We've got sandwich specials:
  -marinated grilled chayote squash
  -chicken parm
  -achiote braised pork shoulder torta
We've got side specials:
  -buttermilk fried fiddleheads
  -crispy fried yucca "tots"

Oh, and a kimchee burger, too!, Hey sandwich friends, we're starting to test the pizza oven across the street.  If this looks good to you, like us at http://www.facebook.com/AllStarPizzaBar, opening soon!, You know about our sandwiches.  Do you know about our chili?, Today's cheese special: DUCK CONFIT GRILLED CHEESE

House Made Duck Confit with Muenster Cheese, Caramelized Onions, Roasted Shitake Mushrooms, Sautéed Spinach on Brioche Toast Served with A Side of Duck Au Jus
, Today: GREEN EGGS & HAM

Virginia Baked Ham with Provolone Cheese, 2 Fried Eggs, Slow Roasted Tomatoes, Baby Arugula and Pesto on Grilled Sourdough
, Today's cheese special is the "Devils on Horseback Roast Beef Grilled Cheese":

House Roasted Beef with Dried Medjool Dates, Applewood Smoked Bacon, Cheddar, Blue Cheese and Sweet & Spicy Pickled Red Onions Pressed on Sourdough

We also have Fried Green Tomatoes and a Jerk Chicken Cheesesteak. Check out all of today's specials!, The oven is ready across the street.  Become a fan of the All Star Pizza page if you want to pay attention as we ramp up., null, null, THE LAMB BURGER (with Ouzo-Orange glaze!)

½ Pound Ouzo-Orange Glazed & Grilled Lamb Patty with Feta Cheese, Crispy Fried Cubannele Peppers, Shredded Iceberg Lettuce, Tomato and Spicy Fresno Chile Raita Sauce on a Grilled Focaccia Roll
, Today's Extra Funky special:

Cumin & Lime Marinated Pulled Chicken with Jack Cheese, Curtido Slaw, Avocado & Tabasco-Tomato Vinaigrette On a Grilled Bulkie Roll
, Our Funky special is meatless, too!

Crispy Fried Portobello Mushrooms with Provolone Cheese, Romaine Lettuce, Tomatoes, Pickled Fresno Chiles, Red Onions and Pesto Russian Dressing on Sourdough Toast

http://allstarsandwichbar.com/pdf/AllStarSandwichBar_Specials.pdf, Fried Poblanos are back, in our Veggie special!

Crispy Fried Poblano Peppers with Latin Style Roasted Veggies, Jack Cheese, Avocado, Romaine Lettuce, Tomatoes, and Sweet Corn Crema on Grilled Sourdough
, Today's Funky sandwich is a study in contrasts: sweet/tart, spicy/cool, crunchy/chewy

Buttermilk Fried Chicken Drizzled with Spicy Habanero Honey with Sharp Cheddar, Applewood Smoked Bacon, Tomatoes, Pickled Red Onions, Watercress and Russian Dressing on a Grilled Bulkie Roll, Every Tuesday, our Daily Special (as opposed to our other categories of specials) is 

THE TEXAS REUBEN
Smoked Beef Brisket with Monterey Jack Cheese, Cumin Slaw and Chipotle Russian Dressing Grilled on Dark Rye

We've also got a Chicken Schawarma, a Veggie Fried Pickle sandwich, a Citrus-Brined Herb Crusted Roast Pork Loin sandwich, a Croque Madame burger, and much more.  Check it all out., We also have a black bean burger, which is BETWEEN TWO GRILLED CHEESE SANDWICHES!

VEGGIE
Black Bean Burger with Guacamole, Tomatoes, Fried Plantains and Chipotle Corn Slaw Sandwiched In Between 2 Grilled Cheese Sandwiches
, You never know lately where the crispy fried poblanos will appear.  Today they're in our second burger special:

The FRIED POBLANO CHEESEBURGER
½ Pound Grilled Chili Rubbed All Beef Patty with Swiss Cheese, Applewood Smoked Bacon, Crispy Fried Poblano Peppers, Shredded Iceberg Lettuce, Tomatoes and Cilantro Aioli on a Grilled Seeded Brioche Roll
, The first of today's two burger specials.  We're jammin' !

The BACON JAM BURGER
½ Pound Grilled BBQ Rubbed All Beef Patty with Jack Cheese, 1 Fried Egg, Smoked Bacon-Onion Jam, Watercress and Spicy Horseradish Aioli on a Grilled Seeded Brioche Roll
, Johnny's latest take on the Banh Mi features grilled miso chicken meatballs, and is today's Funky selection:

BANH MI
Grilled Miso Chicken Meatballs with Garlicky Spinach, Avocado, Pickled Daikon Radish & Fresno Chiles, Shaved Carrots and Blood Orange- Maple Chile Ginger Glaze on Grilled Baguette
, House-made veggie burger!

Lentil & Quinoa Veggie Burger with Boursin Cheese, Tomatoes, Red Onions, Baby Spinach and Chipotle Russian Dressing On Wheat Toast, Yeah baby, that's right, the Lamb Burger is back, in a different form!  Check it out.

½ Pound Grilled Lamb Burger with Fried Goat Cheese, Smoked Paprika Aioli, Citrus Fennel Slaw and Roasted Red Peppers on a Grilled Focaccia Roll
, Show us some Valentine's Day love by voting for us in the Sandwiches category at the Boston Phoenix's Food + Drink poll!

, Hate Valentine's Day?  Yeah, we get it.  Come in and take out your annoyance on a beer, a big plate of poutine, and a big fat sandwich., Bring your veggie sweetie in for our Crispy Fried Zucchini with House Made Boursin Cheese, Watercress, Marinated Slow Roasted Tomatoes and Avocado On Wheat Toast, Maybe the path to your lover's heart can be found through our Mojo Marinated & Slow Roasted Pork Shoulder with Manchego Cheese, Crispy Fried Poblano Peppers, Shredded Iceberg Lettuce, Pineapple-Tomatillo Salsa and Avocado Ranch on Grilled French ?
, Check out this take on The Torta:

Chinese 5 Spice Roasted Pork Loin with Wasabi Corn Guacamole, Fried Shitake Mushrooms, 1 Fried Egg and Sweet Chile Ginger Glaze on Grilled Seeded Brioche Roll

Available today, plus much more. Click the link.
, It's the return of the CHICKEN PAISANO:

Fresh Chicken Tenders Battered & Fried with Provolone Cheese, Fried Peppers & Onions, Baby Spinach and Marinara Sauce on Grilled Garlic Bread
, With the help of our friends at how2heroes, Chef Johnny shows you how to make our muffuletta, in a 6' long version. (suggestion: make extra olive salad to use with other things), Think you're up to this challenge?  Is this a Double Grilled Cheeseburger, or a Double Grilled Cheese Burger?

THE DOUBLE GRILLED CHEESEBURGER
Grilled All Beef Patty with Applewood Smoked Bacon, Shredded Iceberg Lettuce, Tomatoes, Shaved Onions, Pickles and Deluxe Dressing on 2 Grilled Cheese Sandwiches
, Today's VEGGIE special:

Artichoke Pate with Fried Fresh Mozzarella Cheese, Baby Spinach, Caramelized Onions and Roasted TomatoPortobello Mushroom Relish on Sourdough Toast, We have an old fave, THE LARRY, today!

BBQ Chicken Salad with Jack Cheese, Applewood Smoked Bacon and Tomatoes on Grilled Sourdough, Thanks, Meesh, for spreading the love!  , It's Friday, so we've got the seafood Po' Boy!  Today it's Crispy Fried Haddock.

We've made more meatballs, so we still have the Meatball Sub!

We also have a Panko-Parmesan Fried Tofu veggie special, and a Goat Cheese sandwich special.

And lots more.  Check it all out at this link.  Then come in and try it!, Who likes slow-roasted pork?

Tamarind-Pascilla Chile BBQ Glazed Slow Roasted Pork Shoulder with Swiss Cheese, Pickled Pineapple-Poblano Slaw, 1 Fried Egg, Avocado and Cilantro Aioli on a Grilled Seeded Brioche Roll
, Who likes meatballs?

ALL STAR MEATBALL SUB
House Made Italian Style Meatballs with Provolone Cheese, Baby Spinach and Roasted Garlic Marinara on Grilled French
, We have Crispy Fried Pickles, too!, THE HUEVOS RANCHEROS BURGER
Grilled All Beef Patty with Pepper Jack Cheese, 1 Fried Egg, Crispy Tortilla Strips, Tomatillo Salsa, Crema Mexicana & Avocado on Grilled Seeded Brioche Roll
, Today's turkey special:
BBQ Rubbed & Smoked Turkey with Jack Cheese, Applewood Smoked Bacon, Grilled Sweet Corn-Guacamole and Spicy Mango Hot Sauce on Grilled Sourdough
, Today's veggie special: 
Crispy Fried Asparagus with Fresh Mozzarella, Baby Spinach, Avocado, Tomatoes, Roasted Cubannele Peppers and Herbed Citrus Cream Cheese Spread Pressed on Ciabatta, FRIED CHICKEN BLT
Crispy Fried Chicken with Chipotle Mayo, Oven Roasted Tomatoes, Lettuce and Applewood Smoked Bacon on Sourdough Toast
, Today:
Blackened Catfish Po Boy with Chopped Lettuce, Tomatoes, Sweet Pickle Relish and Tabasco Remoulade on Grilled French
, When a Greek chef makes lamb, take notice:

THE LAMB BURGER
½ Pound Grilled LAMB Patty with Feta Cheese, Tomatoes, Red Onions, Fried Cubanelle Peppers and Tzaziki Sauce on a Grilled Bulkie Roll
, Today's entry in our Extra Funky category:

THE CHEESEBURGER REUBEN
All Beef Patty with Swiss Cheese, Sauerkraut and Russian Dressing Grilled on Dark Rye

Click to see what else is up., Check out this bad boy:

THE SHAY SHAY BURGER
½ Pound Grilled Chili Rubbed All Beef Patty with American Cheese, Applewood Smoked Bacon, Fried Poblano Peppers, Avocado Cotija Ranch and Mango Hot Sauce on a Grilled Seeded Brioche Roll

And we have dessert, too:
Fried Apple Pie with Bourbon Caramel and Vanilla Ice Cream

Click for all the details.
, Did you know we're on Twitter too?, THE TORTA
Goya Malta-Tamarind Glazed Slow Roasted Pulled Pork Shoulder with sharp Cheddar, Crispy Fried Poblano Peppers, Pickled Jicama, Avocado-Cotija Crema and Mango Hot Sauce on a Grilled Sesame Telera Roll, Weekend!  Sandwich time!  We've got a Blackened Haddock Po'Boy, and a Goya Malta Soda-Tamarind Glazed Slow Roasted Pork Shoulder Torta.  And we still have the Eggplant Parm, and the Mac & Cheese Burger. (did you hear that?  A MAC & CHEESE BURGER!)

Click for all the details.
, Today's veggie special:

EGGPLANT PARM
Breaded and Fried Eggplant Cutlets with Provolone Cheese, Baby Spinach and Roasted Garlic Marinara on Grilled Garlic Bread

Check out all the other specials, including the Texas Reuben, the Pastraminator, and the Mac & Cheese burger (yes, we said Mac & Cheese burger).
, Make the Beef on Weck at home, Kosta's latest description:

'“It would be Restaurant Renovations meets the Kardashians meets The Bachelor, because we’re both single,” says Kosta Diamantopoulos of the potential show.', How about trying out our Bruce Lee burger before Christmas?

Soy Ginger Glazed Grilled All Beef Patty with Bok Choi Shitake Slaw, 1 Fried Egg and Wasabi Mayo on a Grilled Seeded Brioche Roll
, We will be closing at 4pm on Christmas Eve, and will be closed all day on Christmas Day.  Merry Christmas to all you sandwich fanatics out there., Attention catfish fans:  today:

CATFISH PO' BOY
Blackened Catfish Po' Boy with Chopped Lettuce, Tomatoes, Sweet Pickle Relish and Tabasco Remoulade on Grilled French
, "Imagine Big Fat Greek Wedding meets Bachelor meets Restaurant Renovation meets cooking show"

Well, we'll see. :-), null, It's really going to happen, eventually., Don't forget to eat your veggies!

Herb Roasted Acorn Squash with Chipotle-Apricot Butter

Crispy Panko-Parmesan Fried Artichoke Hearts with Roasted Garlic Marinara, Crispy Fried Portobello Mushrooms Dipped in Honey Balsamic 
Vinaigrette with Goat Cheese, Marinated Peppers, Avocado,
Mixed Greens and Herb Mayo on Sourdough Toast
, SMOKED BUFFALO CHICKEN COBB BLT
Smoked & Pulled Chicken Tossed in All Star Buffalo Sauce with 
Applewood Smoked Bacon, Red Leaf Lettuce, Tomatoes, Hard 
Boiled Eggs and Blue Cheese Dressing on Grilled Sourdough
, Breaded & Fried Pork Cutlets with Mozzarella Cheese, Ricotta,
Sautéed Spinach and Roasted Garlic Marinara on Grilled 
, Chili Rubbed Roasted Beef with American Cheese, Applewood 
Smoked Bacon, Romaine Lettuce, Avocado and
Pineapple- Black Bean Salsa Fresca on Grilled French
, Chad Ochocinco was here with Emerson's social media class., You know it!, The bad news: we have run out of Caramel Fudge Brownie cheesecake.

The good news: Johnny made Chocolate Coconut Cream Cheesecake.

And, oh yeah, we have sandwiches, too. :-)  Like Fried Chicken Cutlets with Fontina Cheese, Virginia Baked Ham, Slow Roasted Tomatoes, Baby Spinach and Roasted Garlic Alfredo Sauce on Grilled Sourdough, Johnny made Caramel Fudge Brownie Cheesecake for dessert!
, Funky

Slow Roasted Pork Shoulder Tossed in House Mole Sauce with Sharp Cheddar, Applewood Smoked Bacon, Fried Poblano Peppers and Cumin Lime Ranch Dressing on a Grilled Bulkie Roll
, Veggie

Crispy Fried Zucchini with Vietnamese Shitake Mushroom Vinaigrette, Guacamole, Sautéed Bok Choy and Wasabi Aioli on Grilled Sourdough
, Chicken Parm-Bolognese

Battered & Fried Chicken Cutlets with Provolone Cheese, Garlicky Spinach and Johnnies Bolognese on Grilled French
, Catfish in the house today!

CATFISH PO BOY
Blackened Catfish Po Boy with Chopped Lettuce, Tomatoes, Sweet Pickle Relish and Tabasco Remoulade on Grilled French
, Hey, if you are looking forward to All Star Pizza Bar, and you would like to be able to have a beer or a glass of wine while you are there, please be sure to come in and sign our petition., THE HOLY MOLE BURGER:

Chile Rubbed Grilled All Beef Patty with Applewood Smoked Bacon, Jack Cheese, Crispy Fried Poblano Pepper, 1 Fried Egg and House Made Mole Sauce on a Grilled Seeded Brioche Roll
, VEGGIE: 
Crispy Fried Zucchini with Fresh Mozzarella Cheese, Marinated Roasted Peppers, Avocado, Arugula and Herb Mayo Pressed on Scali Bread
, FUNKY:

Tamarind-Pascilla Chile Marinated & Grilled Flank Steak with Sharp Cheddar, Romaine Lettuce, Avocado, Fire Roasted Poblano-Black Bean Salsa and Crema Mexicana on Grilled 
, Your last chance for a non-turkey sandwich until next week is here.  How about one of these?

THE TORTA
Cumin- Lime Marinated Grilled Chicken with Cheddar Cheese, Romaine Lettuce, Avocado, Fire Roasted “Hatch” Green ChileTomatillo Salsa and Crema Mexicana on Grilled Sourdough

TUSCAN MEATBALL SUB
House Made Italian Style Meatball with Provolone Cheese, Baby Spinach and Sweet Basil- Roasted Garlic Marinara Sauce on Grilled French Bread, and everything else that's special today is here
, THE FRIED PICKLE CHEESEBURGER
Grilled All Beef Patty with Extra American Cheese, 
Crispy Fried Pickles, Red Leaf Lettuce, Tomatoes, 
Shaved Onion and Deluxe Dressing on a 
Grilled Seeded Brioche Roll, Grilled Greek Locaniko Sausage with Feta Cheese, Grilled 
Eggplant, Arugula, Slow Roasted Tomatoes and Tsaziki Sauce 
on a Grilled Bulkie Roll, VEGGIE:
FRIED POBLANO ALT
Crispy Fried Poblano Peppers with Jack Cheese, Avocado, Red 
Leaf Lettuce, Tomatoes and Cilantro Aioli on Grilled Ciabatta, Curry-Buttermilk Fried Chicken with Roasted Garlic-Cheddar 
Mash, Applewood Smoked Bacon, Pickled Red Onions and 
Curried-Gravy on Grilled Sourdough, CAJUN GRILLED CHICKEN BLT
Cajun Marinated Grilled Chicken with Horseradish Cheddar 
Spread, Applewood Smoked Bacon, Watercress and Tomatoes
on Grilled Sourdough, And, if you need just a little more motivation to come in and celebrate National Sandwich Day, how about FREE BEER, courtesy of our friends at Harpoon Brewery?, It's National Sandwich Day! If you have never had our Atomic Meat Loaf Meltdown, perhaps today is the day to come in and try it:  Grilled Meat Loaf, Jack Cheese, Inner Beauty Hot Sauce, and Red Onion Jam on Sourdough, It's National Sandwich Day, and we've got a Steak & Cheese, an Ancho Chile-Orange-Guava Glazed Roasted Pork Loin, a Chicken Parm, Roasted Butternut Squash with Black Mission Fig-Goat Cheese Spread, and so much more, all done All Star Sandwich Bar style.  Check out the details on our specials list.
, It's National Sandwich Day!  Maybe you'd like to come in and celebrate with this?

EXTRA FUNKY
Shaved Steak with Swiss Cheese, Applewood Smoked Bacon, Baby Spinach and Herbed Cremini Mushroom-Onion Gravy on Grilled French
, Have you ever had pork brined in cider and sweet tea?  You have to try this:

FUNKY
Cider-Sweet Tea Brined Roasted Pork Loin with Cheddar Cheese, Jalapeño Cornbread Stuffing, Sautéed Spinach and Country Sausage Gravy on Grilled Sourdough
, We've got short ribs, baby!

EXTRA FUNKY
Port-Balsamic Braised Short Ribs with Jack Cheese, Apple 
Wood Smoked Bacon, Beer Battered Onion Rings and Honey 
Horseradish Aioli on Grilled Sourdough
, Come on in and eat your buffalo!

EXTRA FUNKY
Grilled Bison Meatloaf with Pepper Jack Cheese, Hominy Mash, Watercress, Pickled Red Onions and Ancho Chile Guava Sauce On Grilled Sesame Telera Bread
, We have smoked gouda in the house!

THE FUNKY
Buttermilk Fried Chicken with Smoked Gouda, Applewood Smoked Bacon, Watercress, Tomatoes and Spicy Cayenne Thousand Island Dressing on Grilled Sourdough

THE SMOKESTACK BURGER
Chili Rubbed All Beef Patty with Smoked Gouda, Applewood Smoked Bacon, Spicy Fried Onions, Guacamole and House BBQ Sauce on  Grilled Seeded Brioche Roll
, psst..., Check out all your options on our specials list., And our veggie sandwich special:

Crispy Potato-Panko Fried Eggplant with Ricotta Cheese, Cured 
Tomatoes, Arugula, Avocado and Roasted Garlic-Parmesan 
Aioli on a Grilled Brioche Roll, How does a Poblano Cheeseburger sound?

Chili Rubbed All Beef Patty with Sharp Cheddar,
Applewood Smoked Bacon, Fire Roasted Poblano 
Peppers, Avocado, 1 Fried Egg and Cilantro Pesto 
Ranch Dressing on a Grilled Brioche Roll, Today we have an old fave, "The Larry":

BBQ Chicken Salad with Monterey Jack Cheese, Vine Ripened 
Tomatoes, Applewood Smoked Bacon and BBQ Sauce
On Grilled Sourdough, Highlights from today's menu:

Fried Scallop Po Boy:
Crispy Fried Scallops with Watercress, Tomatoes, Sweet Pickle 
Relish and Tabasco Remoulade on Grilled French

Curried Chicken Salad with Applewood Smoked Bacon, Fresh 
Granny Smith Apples, Mixed Greens, Tomatoes and Red Onions
on Sourdough Toast

Veggie Side:
Crispy Fried Yucca with Cotija Cheese and Creamy 
Avocado Lime Ranch Dressing

Dessert: Blueberry Cheesecake!
, new FUNKY special, today:

Chipotle Buttermilk Fried New Bedford Scallops with Romaine Lettuce, Smoked Tomato-Sweet Corn Salsa, Avocado and Mango Ranch Dressing on Grilled French., A new Global Street Food sandwich:

ITALY
The Milano
Fried Artichokes with Goat Cheese, Roasted Peppers, Vine 
Ripened Tomatoes and Arugula Pesto on Sourdough Toast, And in burger news:

The Greek Lamb Burger
½ Pound Grilled Spiced All Lamb Patty with Sheep’s 
Milk Feta Cheese, Grilled Red Onions, Tomatoes and 
Classic Tzaziki Sauce on a Grilled Ciabatta Roll, "MEXIC-ASIAN"
Chicken Torta
Soy Marinated Grilled Chicken with Cheddar Cheese, 
Watercress, Wasabi Guacamole, Shitake-Edamame Relish and 
Spicy Kim Chi Ranch Dressing on Grilled Baguette, HAWAII
Kalua Pork
Banana Leaf Roasted Pork Loin with Provolone, Fried Spam, 
Lettuce, Tomatoes, Caramelized Pineapple and Ginger Mayo 
on a Grilled Brioche Roll, A couple of new Global Street Food sandwiches for today!  A "Mexic-asian" chicken torta, and a Hawaiian kalua pork sandwich., This is the last week of the Global Street Foods, and we've got you covered with Portugal, the USA, Jamaica, and Italy.  If you're street-fooded-out, we also have The Larry (BBQ chicken salad), The Rachel (turkey reuben - like), a BBQ cheddar burger, and a Kim Chi burger., Dessert Alert!  We've got some:

Chocolate Chip Coconut Bread Pudding with Warm 
Chocolate Fondue Topped with Vanilla Ice Cream, All Star Crew @ The Phantom Gourmet Festival, We're reppin, Or if you're in the mood for a burger adventure, how about our Short Rib Burger?

½ Pound BBQ Rubbed Grilled Beef Patty with 
Sharp Yellow Cheddar, BBQ Braised Short Ribs,
Applewood Smoked Bacon, Crispy Fried Onions, 
Spicy Wasabi Aioli and House BBQ Sauce on a 
Grilled Seeded Brioche Roll, ITALY
The Paisano
Shaved Chicken with Mozzarella Cheese, 1 Grilled Sweet Italian 
Sausage, Fried Peppers & Onions and Sweet Basil Marinara 
on Grilled Ciabatta Bread, USA
BIG MAC Daddy
2 Grilled All Beef Patties with Extra Yellow American Cheese, 
Applewood Smoked Bacon, Shredded Iceberg Lettuce, 
Tomatoes, Raw Onion, Pickles and House Deluxe Dressing 
on Grilled French Bread, PORTUGAL
Portuguese Spice Rubbed Roasted Pork Loin with Jack Cheese, 
Grilled Chorizo Sausage, Pickled Red Onions, Garlicky-Chick 
Pea Potato Mash, House Gravy and Peri-Peri Hot Sauce on 
Grilled Sourdough, Street food update: we still have the Jerk Fried Chicken and the Kalbi.  To that we add a Portuguese spice rubbed pork loin sandwich, a "BIG MAC Daddy" double beef patty sandwich, and an Italian chicken and sausage sandwich., Elizabeth pays us a visit during the street food celebration. Her pictures are making us hungry!, Tiny Urban Kitchen comes by for some street food., FRANCE
Croque Monsieur 
Virginia Baked Ham with Gruyere Cheese, Caramelize Onions, 
Dijon Mustard and Béchamel on Grilled Sourdough, KOREA
Kalbi
Korean BBQ Braised Short Ribs with Sharp Cheddar, House 
Made Kim Chee, 1 Fried Egg, Gojujang BBQ Sauce and 
Yuzu Wasabi Aioli on a Grilled Black Pepper Brioche Roll, JAMAICA
Jerk Fried Chicken
Inner Beauty Hot Sauce-Buttermilk Fried Chicken Drizzled With 
Spicy Habanero-Mango-Pineapple Jam with Applewood 
Smoked Bacon, Jack Cheese, Watercress, Red Onions and 
Cool Coconut Ranch Dressing on Grilled Sourdough, MIDDLE EAST
Chicken Schawarma
Middle Eastern Marinated Grilled Chicken with Feta Cheese,
Shredded Iceberg Lettuce, Fresh Mint, Citrus Yogurt, Charred 
Tomato- Cucumber Relish and Mango Tahini Sauce 
on Grilled Flat Bread, THAILAND
Tofu Pad Thai
Crispy Coconut-Panko Fried Tofu with Sauteed Spinach, 
Sesame Pickled Daikon Radish, Bean Sprouts, Carrots and
Thai Peanut Sauce on Sourdough Toast, Check in with our ongoing Global Street Food celebration!  We have a Croque Monsieur, a Tofu Pad Thai sandwich, a Chicken Shawarma, a Jerk Fried Chicken sandwich, and a Korean Kalbi (short rib) sandwich., Kosta gets interviewed on Boston's WNFX morning show about the Global Street Food menu extravaganza., Megan writes what she thinks of us.  <3, The newest entry in our Global Street Food celebration:

France
Croque Monsieur 
Virginia Baked Ham with Gruyere Cheese, Caramelize Onions, 
Dijon Mustard and Béchamel on Grilled Sourdough
, The Boston Herald reports on our Global Street Food sandwich extravaganza., THAILAND

Tofu Pad Thai
Crispy Coconut-Panko Fried Tofu with Sauteed Spinach, 
Sesame Pickled Daikon Radish, Bean Sprouts, Carrots and
Thai Peanut Sauce on Sourdough Toast, KOREA

Kalbi
Korean BBQ Braised Short Ribs with Sharp Cheddar, House 
Made Kim Chee, 1 Fried Egg, Gojujang BBQ Sauce and 
Yuzu Wasabi Aioli on a Grilled Black Pepper Brioche Roll, In the mood for fish?

The Salmon Burger
½ Pound Grilled Salmon Patty with Kim Chee,
Gojujang BBQ Sauce, 1 Fried Egg and Yuzu 
Wasabi Aioli on a Grilled Seeded Brioche Roll, Alongside Jamaica, the Middle East, the USA, and Thailand, we've added...KOREA!

Kalbi
Korean BBQ Braised Short Ribs with Sharp Cheddar, House 
Made Kim Chee, 1 Fried Egg, Gojujang BBQ Sauce and 
Yuzu Wasabi Aioli on a Grilled Black Pepper Brioche Roll, JAMAICA

Jerk Fried Chicken
Inner Beauty Hot Sauce-Buttermilk Fried Chicken Drizzled With 
Spicy Habanero-Mango-Pineapple Jam with Applewood 
Smoked Bacon, Jack Cheese, Watercress, Red Onions and 
Cool Coconut Ranch Dressing on Grilled Sourdough, MIDDLE EAST

Chicken Shawarma
Middle Eastern Marinated Grilled Chicken with Feta Cheese,
Shredded Iceberg Lettuce, Fresh Mint, Citrus Yogurt, Charred 
Tomato- Cucumber Relish and Mango Tahini Sauce 
on Grilled Flat Bread, USA

Kentucky Hot Brown
Oven Roasted Turkey with Sharp Cheddar Cheese, Applewood 
Smoked Bacon, Vine Ripened Tomatoes, Baby Arugula and 
Herbed Mornay Sauce on Battered & Grilled Sourdough, THAILAND

Tofu Pad Thai
Crispy Coconut-Panko Fried Tofu with Sauteed Spinach, 
Sesame Pickled Daikon Radish, Bean Sprouts, Carrots and
Thai Peanut Sauce on Sourdough Toast, New specials for our Global Street Food celebration: Tofu Pad Thai (Thailand), Kentucky Hot Brown (USA) , Chicken Shawarma (Middle East), and Jerk Fried Chicken (Jamaica)
, All those and more are right here through this link., The BAHN MI
Soy Tangerine Glazed Grilled Salmon with Avocado, 
Cucumbers, Carrots, Pickled Jalapeños, Cilantro and Sweet 
Potato-Sriracha Aioli on Grilled Baguette, The GYRO
Marinated Grilled Chicken with Sheep’s Milk Feta Cheese, Red 
Onions, Tomatoes and Classic Tsaziki Sauce on 
Grilled Flat Bread, The CAPRESE
Vine Ripened Tomatoes with Fresh Mozzarella, Roasted 
Peppers, Baby Arugula and Grilled Cremini Mushroom Pesto 
On Rosemary Focaccia, Just to recap: 

The TORTA
Ancho Chile-Buttermilk Soaked Fried Chicken with Queso 
Blanco Fondue, Red Leaf Lettuce, Tomatoes, Charred 
Pineapple Tomatillo Salsa & Jalapeno Ranch Dressing
On Grilled French Bread, Come on in and visit us this weekend to help us celebrate street food from around the world.  We still have the Torta, the Caprese, the Gyro, and the Banh Mi.  In addition, we have a haddock po'boy, a bleu cheese buffalo burger, and much more., Thus begins our tribute to Global Street Food:

MEXICO - Ancho Chile & Buttermilk soaked fried chicken Torta
ITALY - Caprese - tomato, mozzarella, peppers, etc.
GREECE - Marinated grilled chicken Gyro
VIETNAM - Soy Tangerine Glazed grilled Salmon Bahn Mi
, We previewed this sandwich in August.  Now it's back for Global Street Food!, We've got a Pad Thai Patty Melt, Mojo Marinated Pork Loin with Goat cheese, a Veggie Torta, The PASTRAMINATOR, a Fried Cheddar Fondue Burger, The Texas Reuben, and lots more.  Check it out., Hometown boys make good., Look!  Register your contact info and keep up with what's going on.  Don't forget to "like" it here on Facebook, too., Tree down on Prospect St next to us.  Please be careful if you venture out.  We're open and we'd love to see you, but sandwiches will still be here when the storm dies down., Hey folks, we're open!  What's better than sandwiches during a tropical storm?, The mad scientist has been at work in the sandwich research lab.  This is a cheddar fondue croquette with pulled pork and bbq sauce between two pieces of griddled cornbread, with a fried egg on top., This is the space that is going to become All Star Pizza Bar, across the street from where we are now., Opening some time in autumn., Don't fret that summer is coming to an end.  It just means we're that much closer to the opening of All Star Pizza Bar., Anali's mom likes us and our cole slaw! <3, Things are getting a little stoopid here. Some of today's sandwiches:  roast beef glazed with Thai peanut sauce, crispy fried zucchini, Tuscan meatball sub, pulled pork, a Croque Madame burger, and a Fried Cheddar Fondue burger., We were psyched to have Jeff Cutler stop by., You will be amazed at how good pork shoulder tastes after braising in cola.  Yes, cola!  Today's Funky special:

Soy Cola Braised Pork Shoulder w/ Applewood Smoked 
Bacon, Baby Arugula, Tomatoes, Spicy Wasabi 
Guacamole & Ginger-Sesame Ranch Dressing on 
Grilled Sourdough

We also have fried artichoke hearts w/ mozzarella, fried chicken with prosciutto, herbed roast beef w/ jack cheese, pulled pork, and much more., Do you like turkey?  Today we have this, among many other sandiwches:

Oven Roasted Turkey with Fresh Mozzarella Cheese, 
Romaine Lettuce, Tomatoes and Sweet Basil Pesto Mayo 
on Grilled Sourdough
, Today's Funky:
Smoky BBQ Grilled Pork Tenderloin with Sharp Cheddar, Applewood Smoked Bacon, Tabasco Fried Onions, Cornbread Stuffing and Bourbon Peach Mustard BBQ Sauce on a Grilled Seeded Brioche Roll

And the rest:
http://allstarsandwichbar.com/pdf/AllStarSandwichBar_Specials.pdf, We're feeling the love from food blogger Michelle Collins., Johnny made banana cream pie cheesecake for dessert!, Did you try the banh mi last week?  Did you like the soy-tangerine glaze?  Do you think you'd like it on a burger? Then come in today.

The Ayabe Burger:
½ Pound Soy-Tangerine Glazed Grilled All Beef Patty with Beer Battered Portobello Mushroom, Sesame Spinach, Wasabi Mayo and a Fried Egg on a Grilled Brioche Roll
, Our street food preview is a hit! We might start running out of stuff before the end of the weekend, so if you're planning to come in for it, you might want to make it today.  Especially the Soy Tangerine Glazed Salmon Banh Mi, which has been really popular., The Banh Mi

Soy Tangerine Glazed Grilled Salmon with Avocado, Fresh 
Cucumber, Carrots, Sesame Spinach and Spicy Sriracha 
Sweet Potato Aioli on Grilled Baguette, The Torta 

Honey Pasilla Chile Glazed Roasted Pork Loin with Grilled Chorizo, Queso Blanco, Crispy Fried Poblano Peppers, Iceberg Lettuce, Salsa Verde and Crema Mexicana on Grilled Sesame Telera Bread, Poutine - fries with gravy and cheese curd, Our celebration of global street food is back! Today:

GYRO - Yogurt Citrus Marinated Grilled Chicken w/ Feta, Tomatoes, Red Onions & Tsaziki on Grilled Flat Bread

BAHN MI - Soy Tangerine Glazed Grilled Salmon w/Avocado, Cukes, Carrots, Sesame Spinach & Sriracha Sweet Potato Aioli

TORTA - Honey Pasilla Chile Glazed Roasted Pork Loin w/Chorizo, Queso Blanco, Fried Poblanos, Lettuce, Salsa Verde & Crema Mexicana, And in today's Schweinefleisch news, our Funky sandwich: 

Jerk Braised Pork Shoulder with Sharp Cheddar, Crispy 
Fried Plantains, Mango Coconut Slaw and Inner Beauty 
Hot Sauce on a Grilled Seeded Roll

It's goooooooooooooooood!  And so is everything else, for that matter.  Click if you dare., How does this sound? 

Crispy fried pork chop sandwich with Monterey jack cheese, smoked bacon, spicy Wasabi slaw and sweet peach mustard BBQ sauce on grilled sourdough., We've got Grilled Eggplant Pesto! Citrus-Balsamic Glazed Grilled Chicken with Goat Cheese! Rosemary Rubbed House Roast Beef!  Blackened Tilapia Po'Boy!

And also, cold beer! Cold drinks! Cold sandwiches! Air conditioning!

Come by for a bite.
, Weekend! The Sandwich(es) of the Day:

Friday: Crispy Fried Haddock Po'Boy
Saturday: Philly Cheesesteak
Sunday: Monte Cristo

And there's much much more.  Click the link for details!, We often post here about our ever-changing specials, but we wanted to remind you that we have a whole regular menu too, including Beef on Weck, Reubens, Cubanos, the famous Atomic Meatloaf Meltdown, Tuna Melts, and much more., Get your sandwiches here! We've got specials! Virginia Baked Ham with Gruyere, Beer-Battered Portobellos with Feta, Chicken Pizzaiola, Buffalo Chicken Tenders (with Chef Johnny's amazing All Star Buffalo sauce), Oven-Roasted Turkey with Swiss, some burgers that will knock your socks off, and a variety of other good stuff., And in today's healthy eatin' category:

Double Grilled Cheeseburger
½ Pound Grilled All Beef Patty with Shredded Iceberg Lettuce, Tomatoes, Onion, Pickles and Secret Sauce Sandwiched in Between 2 Grilled Cheese Sandwiches

:-)

There's other stuff too.  Click the link to see., Hungry for lunch or dinner?  We've got lots of good stuff today, including:

Jerked Chicken Cheesesteak
Jerk Marinated Chicken with Sharp Cheddar, Iceberg Lettuce, Avocado, Caramelized Onion Jam and Spicy Mango Russian Dressing on Grilled Flat Bread

Extra Funky
Spiced Maple Root Beer Braised Pork Shoulder with Cheddar Cheese, Spicy Horseradish Slaw and Cider Mustard BBQ Sauce on a Grilled Seeded Roll
, We're grateful to our friend One Food Guy for the sandwich love.  Check out his post about our appearance on Meat and Potatoes.  And check out his other posts while you're there., Meanwhile, the sandwiches are going strong.  Today one of our specials is Teriyaki Tuna: 
Sesame Crusted Ahi Tuna with Avocado, Sauteed Spinach, Bean Sprouts, Carrots, Teriyaki Sauce and Sweet Potato Wasabi Aioli on Grilled Baguette.

Plus lots of other good stuff, like usual.  Check it out., Psst ... any of you sandwich lovers like pizza, too?  We're gonna be busy this summer getting ready to make pizza across the street!  We're really excited!  Stay tuned., Hey sandwich enthusiasts, come on by today for the Veggie special (fried green tomatoes), or the Extra Funky special (grilled bbq chicken salad), or the Funky (curry grilled chicken with feta), or the ... well, you get the idea.  Click the link to see today's lineup., Taste of Cambridge, which was scheduled for Thursday night, has been postponed until Tuesday the 28th because of a forecast of rain.  Come on over on Tuesday.  We'll be there!, Hey friends, check us out on Food Network's "Meat and Potatoes" tonight at 10pm!, null, Tony Luke is coming in tomorrow to make good on losing his bet about the Flyers/Bruins series.  Come on by at noon to see him eat an Atomic Meatloaf Meltdown.  Don't forget to give him a hard time and remind him that the series was a sweep by the Bruins., “The taunting has already begun,” said Kosta., Highlights:

Funky  "The Torta":
Achiote Tomato Braised Chicken w/ Grilled Chorizo, Crispy Fried Poblano Peppers, Shredded Cabbage, Avocado, Tomatillo Salsa Fresca & Crema Mexicana on Grilled French

The LAMB Burger:
Grilled Lamb Beef Patty w/ Spicy Feta Spread, Red Leaf Lettuce, Tomatoes, Grilled Red Onions & Roasted Garlic Tzatsiki on Grilled Seeded Roll

And Johnny made strawberry shortcake cheesecake!
, Yes indeed, we've got ourselves a little challenge., Yo, we've got wings to go with your sandwich. Pick your poison:

Buffalo Sauce w/ Blue Cheese Dressing
or
BBQ w/ Buttermilk Chive Ranch Dressing
or
Sweet Chili-Ginger Soy w/ Kim Chi Wasabi Ranch Dressing, Two of today's specials:

Pastrami with Applewood Smoked Bacon, Swiss Cheese, 2 Fried Eggs, Watercress, Red Onion Jam and Horseradish Ranch Dressing on Grilled Sourdough

Grilled Lamb Meatloaf with Feta Cheese, LemonRosemary Roasted Potatoes, Sautéed Spinach, Spiced Tomato- Apricot Chickpea Ragu and Tzasiki Sauce on Grilled Sourdough
, Check it out!  The "Alexander the Great" is one of Boston's best sandwiches, according to boston.com.  And we have it, today!, Who wants dinner?  We have rosemary-fennel seed roasted pork loin, crispy fried zucchini, BBQ chicken meatloaf, chili-rubbed smoked pulled chicken, beef brisket with our Buffalo sauce, crispy fried green beans, Thai chicken and sweet potato dumplings, a fried cheddar burger, and much more!, You know we love our meat, but we also love our vegetarian friends. Sometimes we even eat our meatless sandwiches ourselves! Like today, perhaps. Our veggie special is Crispy Fried Poblano Peppers with Jack Cheese, Avocado, Red Leaf Lettuce, Tomatoes, and Green Chili Ranch Dressing on Grilled Sourdough.
, Hey folks, check out this side currently on our menu, which we call "Potatoes Grande": Mexican BBQ Braised Brisket with Crispy Bacon, Sharp Cheddar Curds, Crispy Fried Leeks over Hand Cut Fries.

And while you're thinking about it, check out the rest of the specials., Perhaps you would like to make your own Atomic Meatloaf Meltdown at home?, In the end, the sandwiches win the day!, Holy buffalo! Today's Extra Funky special is a Bison Meatloaf with Jack Cheese, Applewood Smoked Bacon, Hominy Mash, Crushed Tortillas and Grilled Corn-Poblano Relish on Grilled Sourdough., Highlights from today's specials: Crispy Fried Artichoke Hearts, Middle Eastern Marinated Grilled Chicken Schawarma, BBQ Fried Chicken, BBQ Pulled Pork, Fried Cheddar Burger, Bison Burger.  And don't forget to try our veggie side: curried beer battered fried cauliflower., If you haven't been in lately, come check the new artwork by our resident tagger, Pat Campbell., Do what you think is right, peeps., Our chili is all Texas (made with brisket, and no beans!), a little on the spicy side, and is one of the 9 Best in the Country according to Bon Appetit's Andrew Knowlton!, "Same old reuben got you down?", We were touched to receive this letter, and delighted to be of service!  For the record, we definitely think a sandwich is a good choice to feed the love of your life for a 30th birthday, or for any other reason!, We are one of Gayot's "2011 Top 40 Cheap Eats in the US"! Right here in Inman Square! , Got dinner plans? Tonight we have Eggplant Parm, Lemon Dijon Grilled Chicken with Boursin, BBQ Rubbed Shaved Steak, and the Texas Reuben. Maple Rosemary Roasted Acorn Squash, the Poblano Burger, and the BBQ Cheddah Burger. Plus, Caramel Apple Cheesecake for dessert!  We'd love to see you!, null, Maestro at work., Yes friends, that is a six-foot muffaletta.  Thanks to how2heroes for posting., Looks like Johnny went a little crazy with today's menu - 
Smoky Chipotle Orange Braised Beef Brisket, Maple Soy Ginger Grilled Steak Tips, THE BAD ASS BURGER with Bacon Beer Battered Onion Rings (bacon fat & pureed apple wood smoked bacon in the batter) Goat Cheese Stuffed Pequillo peppers with a frenso chili vinaigrette.

see the rest here: 

http://www.allstarsandwichbar.com/pdf/AllStarSandwichBar_Specials.pdf
, Hope your holidays were good! If you need to de-stress from the season, come on in for some comfort. Time Out Boston suggests our stuffing + a beer for lunch.  Or maybe you'd like a sandwich?, Some reasons to come in today: panko-parmesan-fried zucchini / jerk chicken salad / fried chicken BLT / BBQ pulled pork / venison burger / sweet potato & smoked Gouda / & collard green au gratin / chocolate coconut cream pie, The Phantom Gourmet stopped by!  Hear Kosta wax eloquent about sandwiches: "A good sandwich is a like a good lover: it leaves you satisfied.", Johnny made cheesecake! We have caramel apple and mixed berry., Some of the sandwich selections from today's (Monday's) menu:
-sofrito & tomato braised pork shoulder
-southern fried green tomatoes
-jerk grilled chicken
-venison burger
, Grub Street Boston names our pulled pork sandwich one of the top five pork dishes in Boston!

"All-Star's zingy monster of a sandwich, served on a brioche roll, takes three days to prepare, from first spicy rub, to in-house smoker, to roasting oven, and ultimately to saucepan ... and, finally, onto your plate.", Hey guys, c'mon in and look at some cooked meat to destress.  Then you can eat it. Do it multiple times to see which of our meat-filled sandwiches works best for you., The gator po'boy is selling fast.  You might want to get over here sooner rather than later if you've been wanting one., Watch how Johnny makes the alligator po'boy!  It's fried gator on nice and sexy griddled french bread., Get ready for Friday folks.  We're going to have a fried alligator po'boy for the daily special., Are you a fan of our muffaletta?  Here's how you can make it yourself!, Our sandwich of the day today is a Crispy Fried New Bedford Scallop Po' Boy, with lettuce, tomato, sweet pickle relish, and Tabasco remoulade on grilled French bread. We don't have this that often, and we know you want one (you know who you are).  Or maybe another of our specials?, How about a big fat tasty sandwich for dinner?  We have something for every palate., We have Crispy Fried Green Beans with Buttermilk Chive dressing for our veggie side. Skeptical? Do you like green beans? Do you like fried food? The green beans soften, but retain a good amount of their natural crunch and sweetness. Juxtaposed with the lightly salty & crispy coating, the dish is a comfort-food study in contrasts. Especially when you dip in the creamy tangy dressing. Give it a try., It was great to see The Boston Foodie stop by., This blogger says "My only problem would be deciding what to order. If anyone has eaten here, I'd love to hear your recommendations."

Wanna help her out?, Today is the 292nd anniversary of the birth of the 4th Earl of Sandwich, and as such, is National Sandwich Day!, If you like internet polls, check out "Dig This Awards 2010" from Dig Boston (http://digboston.com).  You can even vote for us if you want., The Street Food madness continues!  Middle Eastern Spice-Grilled Chicken Shawarma, Chipotle-Orange Braised Pork Shoulder Torta, Crispy Fried Eggplant Panini, Grilled Sweet Italian Sausage sub, Grilled Lamb Meatballs on baguette.

Click the specials link for full details., Big up to how2heroes for sending over some "freakin' tasty" pumpkin whoopie pies yesterday.  We have a few left, so come and get 'em!  Have a sandwich too, while you're here., "generous servings of mind-blowing sandwiches and burgers", null, The Harvard Crimson weighs in on our tribute to street food., Up next: Mexican Carne Asada sandwich: Mojo marinated steak with cheddar, crisp Iceberg lettuce, avocado, grilled sweet corn relish, and green chile mayo on grilled French., Newest entry in the Street Food tribute: the Diego Maradona! Chimichuri chicken salad with pepper jack cheese, crispy tortillas, iceberg lettuce, and tomato on grilled sourdough., What's that?  Why yes! Yes indeed!  We *do* have a Lamb Gyro on the menu!  With Johnny's own tzatziki, of course., Courtesy of Lynne Viera and how2heroes, we have the Vinha D'Alhos sandwich officially on the menu now: Portuguese Spiced Braised Pork with Lettuce, Tomatoes, and Piri Piri Mayo on a Grilled Portuguese roll, In the Boston Metro.  Hey, we like Il Panino Express too!, Hey y'all, we have some new sandwiches for this week's installment of our Street Food Extravaganza: try the cheeseburger sub, the cemita (ancho chili grilled chicken, queso fresco, etc.), or the chile relleno melt., Johnny made cheesecake!  Vanilla cheesecake with Buleberry Sauce, Rich Custard, and Fresh Whipped Cream!  Come and get it before it's gone!, null, Although we won't be formally part of this, many of our friends will, and you might just see some of us there sampling the wares.  Tell'em we sent you!, Our tribute to street food continues this week with some new choices. How does a meatball sub sound? A grilled skirt steak sandwich?  Or perhaps a Korean-style braised short rib sandwich?, Our tribute to Global Street Food is on! Come in and try a Gyro or a Torta or a Banh Mi or a Croque Monsieur!, Get ready folks, today we start a month-long tribute to Global Street Food!  In the mood for a Gyro? Croque Monsieur? Torta? Banh Mi?  Come on down! The menu will change over the course of the month, so come on down many times!, Johnny makes crab cakes, Mediterranean style!, Another review from our food blogger gathering.  Thanks for the love, Pam!, Come on by for dinner, then check out some of our great neighbors!, The Harvard Community Garden blog records Johnny making a peasant-style Greek salad at the Harvard Farmer's Market., Check out Johnny's "Extra Funky" creation in today's specials: Dr. Pepper & Coconut Braised Pork with Jack Cheese and Red Bell Pepper Jicama Slaw on Grilled French.  Sounds unusual?  You'll be surprised how well these flavors work together.

Or check out the rest of our daily specials., John Bishop, Boston Bruins blogger, notices our poutine., Oh yeah, we love it too.  Particularly the contrasts between the sweet red onion jam and the other tangy flavors., Fried catfish po'boy today!  Come on over!, Another participant in the food-blogger tweetup., Thumbs-up from an experienced beef-on-weck eater., Taste of Cambridge has been postponed from today until its rain date, which is Tuesday, June 29.  Plan to come by!  We'll be there!, Some more on the Great American Food and Music Fest, We'll be reppin', Yo, we have Fried Pickles!  You can even get a Fried Pickle Burger! Check out all of today's specials:
http://www.allstarsandwichbar.com/pdf/AllStarSandwichBar_Specials.pdf, Scanwiches takes note of our Falafel Burger, null, Johnny makes a mean cheesecake! Check our specials to see what we have on any particular day, or order a whole one next time you need a cake., We love it too.  Thanks, summerdressgirl! 
http://www.flickr.com/people/49776511@N00/, Hey Tweeps, we're on Twitter now! Stop by and say hi there!, A passionate sandwich eater reports on the Beef on Weck., What to do for dinner tonight? How about Johnny's latest creation? Today's Extra Funky special is a Southwestern Style Meatloaf with Pepper Jack Cheese, Applewood Smoked Bacon, Sweet Plantains, and Blood Orange BBQ Sauce on Grilled Sourdough.  So many flavors and contrasts!

Check our other daily specials at this link:, One Food Guy comes back and enjoys another round. Thanks for the blog post! Hope we see you and your friends again!  Save some room if you can for Johnny's Cheesecake., Hey y'all don't forget that you can check our daily specials online at http://allstarsandwichbar.com/pdf/AllStarSandwichBar_Specials.pdf, Big "Right Back At Ya!" to @onefoodguy, Love our sandwiches? Vote in a Boston Phoenix survey!, A past fan returns to the comfort of All Star!, Representing Cambridge: All Star Sandwich Bar, 4th best sandwich shop.  IN AMERICA! http://blog.when.com/2009/08/25/america-s-top-sandwich-shops/, Poutine around Boston: "All Star Sandwich Bar is a great place to enjoy poutine in the ambiance in which it was intended to be enjoyed.", Let's all welcome a new fan!, Poutine?  Yeah, we've got that!, Another beef-on-weck convert., Planning a picnic?  Stop by for provisions!, This article is a little late to the party and slightly factually out of date, but the sentiment is appreciated nonetheless. Kosta and Johnny Diamantopolous are ably carrying on and extending the All Star Sandwich Bar tradition!, Feeling hungry? Watch this and you won't be able to resist running straight to Inman Square! Come and see us!, null, null, Come on in and try them all!)