List(Tonight is Mug Night!! Come get yo Drank on!! 5-12., null, null, http://theculturetrip.com/north-america/usa/massachusetts/articles/the-10-best-brunch-and-breakfast-spots-in-mission-hill-boston/?utm_source=emails&utm_medium=featured&utm_campaign=020815missionhillbrunch

If you haven't tried our weekend brunch, you're missing out!, null, null, Hey everybody!

Penguin Pizza will be closed Thursday December 24, Friday December 25, and will reopen on Saturday December 26 at 5:00 PM.

Hope everyone has a great holiday and we look forward to celbrating New Years Eve with you all!, null, Hey Everyone,

To Those who have recently completed a passport please let us know what you would like engraved on you mug this week!, Hey Everybody!

Penguin Pizza will be closed Thursday 11/26 to Sunday 11/29.  We will reopen Monday 11/30 regular hours.  

Have a safe and Happy Thanksgiving!, https://www.thedodo.com/old-man-and-penguin-1424261631.html, null, Penguin pizza will be closed today until 2 pm for a private event., null, null, Hello everyone trivia is cancelled tonight!  Sorry for the inconvenience., HEY Everyone!  Unfortunately we have had to cancel our Pop-Up this weekend.  I apologize for any inconvenience.  For those who bought tickets you will be refunded this week.  Thanks to everyone who showed support and interest!, Hey folks.  Penguin pizza will be closed Saturday July 4th and reopen Sunday July 5th at 5 pm.  Have a great holiday., Thanks for the Love Boston!

http://www.improper.com/bostons-best/food-drink/neighborhoods-mission-hill-penguin-pizza/, ATTENTION!  We will open at 4 pm on Monday May 25th in honor of Memorial Day.  Enjoy the holiday!, null, null, null, Our thoughts and prayers to everyone at Brigham & Women's Hospital.  Stay safe.
http://www.boston.com/news/local/massachusetts/2015/01/20/person-shot-brigham-and-women-hospital/SV3PKwchBhusDlJGYbMezN/story.html?p1=ClickedOnBreakingNewsBox, null, null, JOIN US FOR New Years Day Special Brunch!  Coffee & cronuts, Corned Pork Hash, Irish Bacon Bennedict, And our $5 Bloody Mary Bar!, null, null, null, null, null, null, Mug Night is tonight! 5-12.  Can't wait to see all your smiling faces., null, null, Oktoberfest mug night pig roast!  All at the same time! @penguinpizza 7-9 or til whenever the beer runs dry., MUG NIGHT TUESDAY OCTOBER 9!  It is also OKTOBERFEST!, JOIN US This Wednesday August 27 from 5-12 for MUGNIGHT.  Also we will be hosting Coronado brewery for a tasting of their delightful Islander IPA as well as their Orange Witte.  Come Thirsty!, null, Tonight 5-7 come join us for a magical night with the magic hat dream machine bus as they finish up their nationwide tour promoting their new IPL.  Free beers plus tons of swag and raffles. Afterwards enjoy a paint the glass night with the ladies from blue moon!, null, Anybody want to play on our soccer team for the Dixie Cup Aug 9?  Help us defend our championship title. come by to join our roster., MUG NIGHT TOMORROW NIGHT 5-12!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SWEEEEEEEEET!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, Tuesday night we will be hosting spencer brewery for an evening of tasty Trappist tastings.  Trappist Tuesday! Triple T!  Come meet the brewers and sample Americas first and only Trappist ale brewed right here in MA! I heard it pairs well with pizza., USA vs Germany today skip work come watch!  Time to get all god bless America up in this bitch!, null, I want to ride my Triiiicycle Triiiicycle Triiiiiicycle!  Check out our new pizza delivery mobile.  Look for us in your neighborhood!  Please don't honk your horn at us though.... cuz that's rude., Last weekend to enjoy a fresh pour of Piraat on tap!, Please join us for Jana's Fundraiser tomorrow.  We've got sox tix, beers, and all kinds of cool swag to raffle off., Mug night tonight 5-12!!, null, Hey ALL,
There is a last minute ditch to form a softball league in Mission Hill.  Any interested prospects please let me know ASAP.  We need to have a roster by this week!!!, We are looking for a few good Artists who are interested in placing their work on our wallspace.  Please let me know if you are interested in being our 'resident artist'., In honor of American Craft Beer week we will be hosting 3 separate events - 

Wednesday from 5-630 kick off summer with Leinenkugel Summer Shandy tasting

Thursday from 5-7, Sam Adams will be doing a tap takeover and showcasing several new microbrews made right here in Beantown

Friday from 5-7, Magic Hat will be around giving out free samples of their new IPL, as well as a bunch of sweet swag, MUG NIGHT will be hosted Tuesday May 27 5-12.  See you all there., To all 'Soon to Be' mugholders please let me know what you would like on your mug by next week.  It usually takes a few weeks for them to arrive so the sooner the better!, We are now on twitter follow our nonsensical jibber jabber @thepenguinpizza, Hey all, this SUNDAY APRIL 20 we will be closed for Easter.  We will resume regular business hours on Marathon Monday.  We apologize for any inconvenience.  Enjoy the holiday!, Hey all, this Saturday will be the last Saturday Brunch Service.  However, we will continue to serve Brunch EVERY SUNDAY.  Also, come check out our brand new Bloody Mary Bar - $7 each.  Try it with our house bloody mix and our brand new 'Green Bloody (bloodless) Mary'.

CHEERS!, TACO TUESDAY>>> IS COMING>>>>>>>>>, Hey ALL.  Due to a private event,Penguin will not be hosting trivia this Saturday.  We will be closed to the public starting at 8:30 until around 11:30/12 ish.  We apologize for any inconvenience.  takeout and deliveries will however operate via normal hours. 

Cheers, null, null, null, null, After 10 amazing years running The Penguin, my time has come to an end. It was an honor to run this restaurant. Its been my second home for so long and I have met some of the best people here who will remain in my life forever. My last shift is Aug 23rd and I will be coming in Sat Aug 24th and having a few beers so if you want to join us please come on down. Thank you to all the staff and customers for making my Penguin journey amazing., Mug night tonight....Brooklyn Summer, Long Trail IPA, Cisco Grey Lady, Abita Strawator, Grimbergen Dubbel, Blue Moon Summer, Ommegang Hennepin, Curious Traveler, Troegs Dreamweaver, Im sending a mug order in for anyone that is or nearly finished their passport and this is the last one I will be sending in before I leave Penguin so if you can try and get it to asap that would be great. Thanks Pam, Mug Night is Wednesday July 31st from 5pm-12am!! Hope you all can make it

Like ·  · Share · Promote · 2 seconds ago ·, Penguin won the 2013 mission hill dixy cup yesterday!! Congrats to everyone that played! Congrats to all the other teams that played! A big thanks to tony from flans and mike o rourke michelle from the mission and brendan from the crossing for making this years tournament a huge success!! Cup is in penguin!! Come have a look, we might even let ya drink out of it!! Also big thanks to Niall for putting the winning team together!, Mission Hill Soccer Tournament tomorrow. For any players be on the field at 10 am for registration and first game is at 11. For anyone that is not playing please come up and support, we have food and beverages to keep you all happy and a great raffle. All monies collected tomorrow go to M.S Research. Players try and bring cleats and shin guards.. AND SUNSCREEN!!!!, Ommegang tap takeover at the penguin! Come drink the only Belgian Independence Day double white on draft in Boston, Yes it's a mustache see saw!!! Come down and have a go and drink a curious traveler, Curious traveler shandy promo tonight from 8-10! Come ride the 10 foot moustache see saw here tonight!! Pictures to follow, Happy 4th everyone! Be safe and hydrate!!! Plenty of sunscreen!! Closed today but back at it tomorrow at 5pm! See ya then, Penguin is closing tomorrow for July 4th, we will open Friday, Saturday and Sunday at 5pm! Hope you all have a wonderful July 4th and be safe!, Mug night tonight from 5pm to Midnight! White Birch Belgian Pale Ale, Blue Point White IPA, Magic Hat Elder Betty, Foolproof IPA, Grey Sail Flagship Ale, Sam Adam Curious Traveler, Ommegang Witte are some of the 31 draft beers!!!!, Bruins game and Wing night in the one night! Only place to be on mission hill is at the penguin!!! 20 cent wings and $12 pitchers of bruins ale!!!!, Come watch the bruins tonight and drink the bruins ale! Pitchers only $12! Trivia at 8pm, Hope to see you all here! All serving paddles of samples that night! Come meet the brewery staff!, Email me at pamela@penguinpizza.com if your interested in playing!! It's a mixed team so girls also welcome!, Come watch the bruins on the big screen with the sound up!! Go bruins!!!! Still serving the "bruins ale" on draft! Pitchers of  "bruins ale $12, It's Sean's last shift try stop by and say goodbye!! Trivia @8pm, Watch Channel 7 news tonight Penguin Pizza will be on the news, about our Bruins ale (former penguin ale) on draft. Come watch the game with us and drink as much Bruins ale as you can!!! GO BRUINS!!!!, Curious traveler promotion tonight at 8! Lots of fun giveaways!, Penguin open at 11 for lunch!! Wing night starts at 5!, Sam adams tap takeover with the wonderful Niall pouring them!, Sam adams tap takeover tonight at 6pm till all the kegs kick! Lots of new sam beers! Free giveaways hope to see you all here, Come watch the bruins game with 20 cent wings and over 300 beers to choose from!!, Come celebrate Mother's Day at penguin!! Mention this post and get a free s'mores and more waffle!!, Sam Adams wil be taking over 11 lines on draft during the American Craft Beer Week. The drafts include Cherry Chocolate Bock, Grumpy Monk, Porch Rocker, Honey Queen, White Lantern, Dark Depths, Little White Rye and the usuals. Tuesday May 14th at 6pm.... Hope to see you all there!!!, Can anyone help with a graphic design issue..Free Booze involved.Private message me! I never to do something with our Logo!!!, Barcelona V Bayern Munich at 2.45 today. Come hang out and watch the game on the big screen and calm Niall down when hes screaming at the tv!, Jake leinenkugel will be at penguin from 5-7 meeting people and talking about his brewery! Come by and say hello! Summer shandy on draft, Half price apps from 8pm to Midnight tonight at Penguin! Come visit Michelle MacLellan and Maddie!!! Sam Adams 26.2 still on draft, along with Founders Centenial Ipa, Pretty Things Fluffy White Rabbit, 6 Point Sweet Action, Magic Hat Elder Betty and lots more, Wing night tonight 5-12! Come get the best wings on Mission Hill for 20 cent each! Now serving gluten free pizza, Open for breakfast! Come say hi to matt and Pam!, Penguin open at 6pm!! Stop by and say hi!!, We are closed until further notice! Stay safe, Penguin has plenty of sam adams 26.2 left!, Here is the Monty python menu for our movie night! This will be a $15 buffet on the night! Some tickets left for the night! $10 entry to watch movie and Keepsake goblet and then $15 for buffet! Message me if you want me to hold you tickets! Pamela@penguinpizza.com, Tickets for Monty Python movie night are selling out fast, please get them as soon as you can if your planning on coming., Ommegang game of thrones blonde ale now on draft!, Tickets on sale!! $10 which includes Monty python goblet to drink out of that night and watch the movie! Food buffet is additional $$!!, Take your pick... Sam adams 26.2, left hand milk stout, ommegang witte, third shift amber lager, troegs nugget nectar, Wachusett blueberry, clown shoes black ipa ......, Open for breakfast till 3pm! Come say hello to pam and Michelle! Trivia tonight at 8pm, New mugs are in!!!, Lets keep the paddys celebrations going with 20 cent wing night tonight 5-12, Stefania is here face painting for free!! Stop by!!, Happy st Patrick's day!! Come celebrate with us with green beer, breakfast and Guinness! Serving corned beef and cabbage pizza!!!, Come celebrate paddys day eve at penguin with brunch, green beer, Guinness and corned beef and cabbage pizza!!! Lots of Jell-O shots, Penguin pizza is ready for the crazy weekend ahead! Come celebrate paddys days with green beer, face painting, and our famous corned beef and cabbage pizza!!, Marvin Pierre is such a woman!!!!, Serving breakfast 9-3pm! Come down and visit matt and Pam!!!, Mug night tonight 5-12!, Goose Island promotion tonight from 7-9! Come meet the Goose island team and get some freebies!!!!, Now serving our famous Corned Beef and Cabbage Pizza!!! White pizza with roasted potatoes, cabbage, and sliced corned beef! Serving in slices and whole pies everyday till March 17th!!!! Great draft selection..serving Brooklyn Silver Anniversary Lager, Victory Ranch Ipa, Slumbrew my better half, Shocktop, Bass stout, Rogue chocolate stout and Fullers ESB!!!, Boulevard 88 acre, fullers esb, sam adams new Albion, slumbrew my better half are some of our 31 drafts this weekend!!, Serving breakfast  9-3pm! Tonight trivia 8-10pm, Draft selection this weekend are Kentucky bourbon barrel, Oskar blues deviant dales ipa, bbc coffeehouse nitro, abita purple haze, woodchuck reserve Pink, founders dirty bastard, bass stout, and lots more!!, Penguin in open for breakfast!! Serving omlettes, waffles, breakfast burritos and lots more until 3pm, Join us at penguin for superbowl! 20 cent wings during the game!!, Mug night tonight 5-12! Lots of great draft! Ommegang witte, full sail amber, troegs perpetual ipa, Smuttynose porter, sam adams hazelnut Brown and angry orchard!!, Getting ready for Superbowl???? Pre order your takeout and delivery orders. Penguin will be serving 20 cent wings throughout the game for dine in only!, Penguins open and serving delicious breakfast! S'mores and more waffle $5! Try our homemade bloody Mary's!!, Serving breakfast 8-3pm today! Trivia tonight at 8pm! Pitchers of Narragansett and penguin ale!, 20 cent wing night at 5 tonight!! $12 pitchers of Narragansett and penguin ale!!, Serving breakfast 8-3pm! Then 25 cent wings during the game! Half price apps start at 6 today!! Go pats!!!, Patriots game .25 cent wings and $10 pitchers!!! Stop by!!, Serving breakfast 9am -3pm! Come and get a s'mores and more waffle for $5! Waffle with choc chips, graham cracker crust, fluff!, 20 cent wings tonight from 5pm -midnight!!, Serving breakfast 9am-3pm! Come visit Pam and Maddie!!, Sending list for new mugs out soon so if anyone is finished or is nearly finished their passport please email me at pamela@penguinpizza.com. Thank you, Come cure your New Years hangover at penguin with some pizza and more beer!!!!, We also have extended 2am licence tonight!!! Serving food till 2am !, Come celebrate New Years at penguin! 20 cents wings! $10 pitchers! Free champagne toast!! No cover charge! Having a house party? Penguin will deliver you pizzas and all other good stuff!, New Year's Eve in penguin is gonna be great!! Lots of cheap beer and cheap wings! Free champagne toast at midnight! No cover charge!! Lots of free party gadgets! See you there!, Serving breakfast 9-3pm! Come on down and get the cheapest breakfast in Mission Hill! Visit Pam & Matt!, We have some really good an delicious beer on draft! Hooker chocolate trifle stout, rising tide tempest, boulder killer penguin, Baxter Phantom punch stout & lots more! Open for wing night New Year's Eve, free champagne toast and no cover! Come in and have your cheapest New Years ever!!!, Penguin is closed today through Wed 26! We are back open dec 27th! Wishing you all a safe and happy holidays, All mug owners! Tonight is mug night!!!! 5-12 and also ugly sweater night! Everyone welcome to wear ugly sweater! Prize for ugliest sweater!!!, So the line up for tonight for Sam Adams are... Chocolate Squirell, Norse Legend, Tasman Red, Hazel Brown, Cherry Wheat, New World Tripel, Grumpy Monk IPA and then the ones we have all year round, Sam Brick Red, Sam Lager, Seasonal and Angry Orchard, Please try and drop a toy off at penguin by Thursday! Im delivering the toys to local orphanage and shelters in the Boston area! Please support! Thanks in advance, What a busy week at penguin! Tonight 20 cent wing night! Tuesday Sam Adams tap takeover and Wednesday is mug night and ugly sweater party!, Serving breakfast 9am-3pm! Come visit Pam and Matt!, Mug night next wed dec 19th! 5-12! It's also an ugly sweater party for anyone! Prizes for the ugliest sweater!!, Happy 12-12-12!! In honor of this special day anyone you mentions this post on facebook receives 12% off their check, for dine in food only. Offer ends tonight at 10pm! (not valid for slices), So Sam Adams are taking 10 lines in Penguin on Tuesday Dec 18th at 7pm. They will be pouring some of there limited release beers. Some to mention Grumpy Monk Ipa, Hazel Brown, Norse Legend, Tasman Red
Please Bring an unwrapped toy and Sam Adam will give you some goodies to take home., Tonight 20 cent wings 5-midnight!! Come watch the pats and enjoy some delicious new drafts.. Sam Adams grumpy monk , sam adams chocolate squirrel, dogfish chicory stout, delirium Noel are some to mention, Serving breakfast till 3pm! Come down and get the best breakfast in Mission Hill!!, Batch 19 lager promotion tonight starting at 7pm tonight!, 20 cent wings tonight 5-12! Rogue chipotle ale, Sierra celebration, Smuttynose pumpkin, Spaten Oktoberfest, shipyard pumpkin, old speckled hen on draft, Serving breakfast 9am-3pm! Visit cara and christy! 1/2 price apps tonight at 8pm to midnight!, Serving breakfast 9-3pm today and Trivia tonight 8pm-10pm!, Open today pop down for a beer and slice or whatever tickles your fancy !!, Penguin is closed today for thanksgiving! Back to normal hours tomorrow! Happy thanksgiving to you all!!!, Serving breakfast 9am-3pm! Come in and see Pam and Matt!, Holiday beers are in!!! Bad elf, very bad elf, seriously bad elf, pickled Santa, Santa's butt, reindeers revolt, lump of coal, abita Christmas and rogue Santa's reserve, Now serving sam Adams merry mischief on draft! It's a gingerbread stout!!! Delicious, come get it before its all gone!!, Lots of great new drafts!! Reissdorf kolsch, Sierra Nevada Narwhal Imperial Stout, Spaten Oktoberfest, Southern Tier Pumpking, Shipyard Pumpkin and lots more, Serving breakfast 9am-3pm! Also half price apps from 8pm-midnight tonight!!!, Serving breakfast 9pm-3pm today! Omlettes, waffles, breakfast burritos and plenty more! Check out our menu on www.thepenguinpizza.com. Come see Pam and matt , Mug night tonight 5-12! And new mugs are in!!!, Serving 25 cent wings and $10 pitchers during the game!! Come down and see christy and cara!!, Serving breakfast from 9-3! Halloween costume party tonight! Cash prizes for best costume!!, Serving breakfast from 9am-3pm! Also serving 25 cent wings during the patriots game and $10 bud light pitchers!!, Serving breakfast 9am -3pm! Check out our menu on www.thepenguinpizza.com , Sending out mug order please email me at pamela@penguinpizza.com if you need a broken mug replaced or your nearly finished your passport., Tonight 20 cent wing night starting at 5pm!! Also try our Oktoberfest pizza...mashed potato bratwurst and sauerkraut!!, Penguin open for lunch!! Lunch special is BBQ pulled pork sandwich with fries for $5! 20 cent wings start at 5pm to midnight!, Beach party starts at 7!! Come down and play in the pool and make sand castles in the sand!!!!, Open for breakfast at 9! Check out our breakfast menu at www.thepenguinpizza.com, Penguin Passports are finally here!!!!!, Tonight 20 cent wings from 5 pm-12am! Lots of new draft. Pipeline porter, shipyard pumpkins, jacks Abby Oktoberfest, Geary's red ale, Smuttynose pumpkin, crispin cider, Serving breakfast till 3pm!! Trivia tonight at 8pm!!, Anyone planning on coming to beach party oct 6th please purchase your tickets soon. It's nearly sold out Should be a great night! It's not very often there sand on the floor at pengui, Any one that is planning on coming to the beach party, can you purchase your tickets soon. There nearly gone and i dont want to disappoint anyone. Should be a great night...its not very often you will see sand on Penguin floor...and a pool..with water in it!!!!!!, Now serving slices of the Oktoberfest pizza! White pizza with bratwurst mashed potato and  sauerkraut!  Come have a slice and a cold pint of weihenstephan Oktoberfest!, Don't forget to get your tickets for jdrf beach party oct 6th!  Lots of sand, beer pong, pie throwing etc! All for a great cause! $30 a ticket all you can eat... Raffle tickets 1 for $5 5 for $20., Stop by penguin today and check out our new menu!!, 20 cent wings starting at 5! Come see greg ouellette and Aaron Wendler there back in town for one night only!!!!!, Come down to penguin to watch the game!! Half price apps from 8-12 every Sunday!!!, Serving breakfast 9am-3pm! Come down and see matt and cara, Sam Adams Chocolate Bock on draft....get it before its gone.!!!!, Please join us at Penguin Pizza oct 6th to help Steve and kim raise their fundraising goals for JDRF. Beach Party with lots of sand and raffles tickets also being sold. Email me at pamela@penguinpizza.com if you need tickets to the event ($30) includes all you can eat and lots of door prizes or for raffle tickets (1 for $5 5 for $20) First prize is $1000.

2nd Annual JDRF Death Valley 80's Beach Party 

Saturday, October 6 at 7:00pm at Penguin Pizza, Mug night tonight from 5-11pm...lots of delicious beers on draft.. Troegs Dreamweaver, Dogfish punkin, Wachusett Pumpkan, Nelson IPA, Hacker Pschorr Oktoberfest, Slumbrew Flower Envy Saison, Founders Breakfast Stout.. and lots more, Hey sending out order for new or broken mugs soon. Please email me at pamela@penguinpizza.com if you would like to place an order.
 Mug Night is Thursday September 6th for all you mug owners!!!!, Come watch your favorite bar play soccer against the other bars in Mission Hill tomorrow (Saturday) at 11.30. First game Penguin against the Crossing. Games playing all day until final at 4pm. Lots of BBQ and beverages, and also raising money for Michelle MacLellan who is doing the mud run in aid of M.S. Raffle all day and lots of give aways. The field is opposite 200 parker hill ave..up the hill! Hope to see you all there!!! Come and support and make the first Mission Hill Soccer league a success., If anyone is finished, nearly finished their passport or broke their mug, and you know what you would like on your mug can you please email me at pamela@penguinpizza.com as soon as you can. Im trying to send the order out today. Thank you, Penguin will close on Saturday March 3rd  for a private party from 6pm to 9.30pm. Trivia will start at 10pm. Sorry for the inconvenience., Come on down to the Penguin! Now serving breakfast from 9am to 2pm every Saturday and Sunday!, New Mugs are in!!!!!!!, Mug night Thursday Jan 26th and its Jimi's birthday so come get him drunk as a fool!!!!, Mug NightTOMORROW NIGHT from 5-11 for all you Mug holders....Special price for the holiday season. Please bring a toy for our toy drive and also wear crazy/ugly holiday attire... Prizes for the most ugly sweater, Mug Night Wednesday night Dec 14th from 5-11 for all you Mug holders....Special price for the holiday season. Please bring a toy for our toy drive and also wear crazy/ugly holiday attire..., To kick off our new high-tech loyalty program, we're giving out free 
lunch TODAY! Just download LevelUp for iPhone or Android and 
swing by TODAY for lunch on us: http://j.mp/leveluplunch

, Please vote for Penguin Pizza in the weekly dig this awards 2011. We are nominated for Best sit down pizza and best bar in mission hill. Your vote is much appreciated. www.weeklydig.com

, Penguin Halloween costume party Saturday Oct 29th at 7pm..Prizes for best and worst dressed costume...., Jack Daniels Honey promo tonight from 10pm to midnight...stop by, Tickets are still available for Saturday Night's JDRF Death Valley Beach Party! The prize list for the raffle is HUGE! Flat Screen TV's, Red Sox Tickets, Celtics Tickets, Sam Adams Brewery Tours, Clay Buchholz Autographed Photo, Etc., Etc. Don't miss this fun night for funding diabetes research for a cure! Buy tickets online or at the door! 7 pm to 1 am! PayPal http://bit.ly/JDRFBeachParty, New mugs are in (sorry dan yours didnt come) Saturday night trivia is starting at 9pm this week., Mug night tonight 5-10....see you there. Dont forget to check into foursquare and try become Mayor and get 20% off your food bill., anyone that is waiting on a mug to come in or is ready to put order in please email me pamela@penguinpizza.com, mug night tonight!!! 5-10!, PLEASE VOTE FOR PENGUIN IN BOSTON.COM A-LIST. CATEGORY IS BEER BAR! THANK YOU, http://boston.cityvoter.com/penguin-pizza/biz/31108, Please vote for Penguin , Now serving Monks Cafe Flemish, Gulden Draak and Pirrat on tap now.... Happy 4th everyone!!!!, Check out Penguin Pizza deal on Groupon deals now. www.groupon.com. Groupon now deals are for today and tomorrow.

, Starting tomorrow (Saturday) we will be opening at 11am and serving Breakfast pizzas,  mimosas and homemade bloody mary's. Serving breakfast pizzas every Saturday and Sunday mornings. Bruins tonight, trivia tomorrow night and 1/2 prize apps on Sunday. Great weekend in Penguin., Come join us at Penguin this weekend. Bruins and Trivia Saturday night and 1/2 price apps from 8pm-12pm Sunday nights. Booze and beer specials all weekend., Mug Night Sunday from 5-10 for all you penguinites and for everyone half price apps from 8-12! Plenty of fun at Penguin all weekend, Tonights softball game has been called off due to weather conditions., Great weekend ahead in The Penguin.....Red Sox and Yankees tonight ,tomorrow Bruins and Lightening and Trivia starts at 8, Sunday more Red Sox and Yankees and 1/2 price apps from 8 till midnight plus plenty of beer specials., Anyone interested in playin Softball this summer. Penguin has a team in the Mission Hill Softball League. If your interested please email me at pamela@penguinpizza.com. There is a practice game Tuesday May 10th at 8pm., Join us tonight at 6pm for Sam Adams Tap Takeover. Sam Adams will have 6 draft lines pouring some delicious beer. Beers are Sam Adams Summer, Lager, Brick Red, Cherry Wheat, Latitude IPA, and Rustic Saison. Get it while you can ...., EVERY SUNDAY FROM 8PM-12AM 1/2 PRICE APPS WITH BEVERAGE PURCHASE. NO TAKEOUT., Lots of things happening tonight at Penguin, Its Mug Night for all you penguinites, its Elizas last night before she heads for Seattle and its Joe Rapleys (dr.joe) birthday weekend, so hope to see you all down here at 5!!, Anyone want to put their mug order in, if your nearly finished or finished the passport...email me pamela@penguinpizza.com. Order goes in tomorrow. Thank you, Anyone that has got their mug stolen, broken or finished their passport and know what they would like on the mug can you please email me at pamela@penguinpizza.com with your mug name., Dirty Water TV are coming into The Penguin TONIGHT from 9-11pm, they will be interviewing and asking customers about The Penguin, call in and get yourself on Boston TV!!!!! You never know you might catch your break and end up on the next Jersey Shore!!!!!!, Dirty Water TV are coming into The Penguin Thursday night from 9-11pm, they will be interviewing and asking customers about The Penguin, call in and get yourself on Boston TV!!!!! You never know you might catch your break and end up on the next Jersey Shore!!!!!!, Only a couple of weeks left to enjoy the spring seasonal beer from Samuel Adam-Noble Pils!  This traditional Bohemian Pilsner is brewed with all 5 Noble hops for a distinct hop character and fresh taste. Come on in today and get some before its gone......., Happy Paddys Day to everyone, hope your all having a great day and drinking responsible!!!!!!!!! Call into the Penguin for a pint of the black stuff or green stuff what ever your into...., Get your Corned beef and Cabbage pizza....slices and whole pies available today and tomorrow..along with a healthy pint of the finest Guinness and of course serving green beer. Miller lite promo from 8-9 tomorrow. Come hang out today and tomorrow for ceol caint agaus craic!!!!  Beannacht La Fheile Phadraig a chairde....., TONIGHT IS MUG APPRECIATION NIGHT FOR ALL YOU PENGUINITES!!!! DRAFTS INCLUDE CISCO GREY LADY, SMITHWICKS, WOODCHUCK PEAR CIDER, RAPSCALLION HONEY, KILLIANS, OMMEGANG BPA, 21ST AMENDMENT FIRESIDE CHAT AND MANY MORE...SEE YOU ALL AT 5!, Paddys Day is around the corner! Come and enjoy our award winning Corned Beef and Cabbage pizza.  Aired on Good Morning America last St. Patricks day..everyone loves it. Serving slices and whole pies every day. Goes down great with a nice pint of the black stuff!!!, Mug Appreciation Night Thursday March 10th from 5pm-10pm!!! OKAY BRANDON!!!!! :), Love is in the air!!! It's Valentines tomorrow & to celebrate we are going to give away a gift certificate for The Penguin. To enter simply post your best Valentines poem or message. Winner will be announced at noon tomorrow....Happy Valentines everyone!!!!, Super Bowl Sunday...Serving 15 cent wings during the game!!! Also drafts specials and buckets of MHL 5 FOR 10!!!! We are also delivering so call us with your order!!! Pre Orders are also accepted!!!, HELLO ALL PENGUINITES...MUG NIGHT TONIGHT!!! Starting at 5pm...come down see Sean and Yana!!!, New and exciting drafts to mention.....Clown Shoes Hoppy Feet, Sam Adams Chocolate Bock, Gearys Imperial IPA, 21st Amendment Hop Crisis, Rapscallion Lager, Omegang BPA, Harpoon Winter Warmer and on CASK the BBC Pale Ale........ Get after it!!!!, Come watch The Patriots beat The Jets at The Penguin on Sunday. Serving 15 cent wings during the game (with beverage purchase). Big Screen will be on and volume UP!!!! See you all here at 4!!!!!!!, Stop by and see Keith and Sean tonight working. Lots of nice winter draft beers on this cold night...Brooklyn Chocolate Stout, Lump Of Coal (English stout), Harpoon Winter Warmer, Omegang BPA, Fullers London Porter,Smuttynose Old Brown Dog, Laguintas IPA.....Lots more....., Penguin's New Years resolution try and get 1000 friends on facebook.....GO!!!!!!!, would like to wish all our customers a happy and healthy new year! Thank you for everything in 2010 and we look forward to the good times ahead in 2011 x, Penguin Pizza for NEW YEARS!! Come by and relax with NO COVER CHARGE.. free buffet from 10-11, champagne toast at midnight and plenty of noisy gadgets!! Hope to see you all there!!! Pam and Keith working!!!, Last push guys, please vote for Penguin Pizza in the Boston window display contest. Go to http://www.cityofboston.gov/DND/OBD/Deck_the_Windows_Finalist_Intro.ASP.Voting Ends TODAY!!!!!, PENGUINITES....ITS MUG NIGHT WITH A SPECIAL TREAT...$1 CHEAPER THAN USUAL MUG NIGHTS AND AN EXTRA HOUR....ITS IS THE SEASON AND ALL.... STARTS 5 TILL 10PM SEE YOU DOWN HERE!!!!, Penguin has been nominated in the Boston Globe for best small business holiday window display! Please Vote for us! Its very easy!! , Troegs Tap Takeover TONIGHT!!! Serving ALL of Troegs beer on draft!!!! 6-8PM! HOPE TO SEE YOU DOWN HERE!!!!, NEW MENU IS READY, LOTS OF NEW OPTIONS....STEAK AND CHEESE SUB, CUBANO, REUBEN, SLIDERS, TUSCAN FIG PIZZA AND PLENTY MORE!!!, PENGUIN'S NEW FOOD MENU IS OUT TODAY!!! COME CHECK IT OUT. LOTS OF NEW ITEMS!, Penguin Presents "Troegs Tap Takeover" On Thursday Dec 9th from 6-8pm. Serving all their beers such as Hopback, Troegenator, Mad Elf, Dreamweaver, Pale Ale, Javahead, Scratch #36. ONE NIGHT ONLY., Come check out our Holiday Beer Selection....Some to mention...Santa's butt, Bad Elf, Pickled Santa, Seriously Bad Elf ..... Get them while you can!!!!
Also serving desserts!!!!, Vote for The Penguin for "BEST PIZZA" in the Weekly Dig awards. Please Vote!!!!!, 25 CENT WINGS DURING PATS GAME...COME DOWN AND VISIT YANA BEHIND THE BAR!!!!, New Mugs are in!!!!! FINALLY, Cask nearly kicked...come get it while you can.  Also serving our new lobster pizza!!!!, Cask just tapped, pouring the finest Berkshire Pale Ale...Come get it while you can!!!, Anyone thats finished or nearly finished their passport and know what you would like on your mug please email me @ pamela@penguinpizza.com please..., NEW PASSPORTS ARE IN!!!!, Mug Night tonight for all you Penguinites!!! $3.00 drafts from 6-10!!!!, Dont forget 25 cent wings, buckets specials and $3.50 drafts at Penguin today!!! Come on by to see Pam and Eliza!, SUNDAY FUNDAY 25 CENT WINGS!!!! Join us at the Penguin for Sunday football @ 1pm....Showing the game on all flat screens and Big Screen with volume... also serving 25 cent wings for the game!!!!, If anyone has completed their passport or is nearly completed and you know what you like engraved on your mug email me at pamela@penguinpizza.com., Mug Night tomorrow night.....6-10pm!!!!!, Mug Night tonight for all you penguinites out there. Some beers to mention on draft..Clown shoes brown ale, Weihenstephan heffe weisse, Berkshire Pilsner, Tropical Mango pale ale, Pomegranate Wheat........See you all at 6pm, Hey just tapped the cask of Berkshire lost Sailor IPA!!! Come get it while you can!!!!!, Magners Pear promotion tonight from 7-8.30pm. Free Samples!!!! Lots of giveaways!, Tonight is the first episode of Boston Med on ABC at 10pm. Penguin will be putting it on the big Screen with the volume up so come by and watch it. Penguin is in the 1st episode!, Just tapped the Cask Stuck Mash Wheat ale by BBC!!!! Only 1 so it wont last!!! Get it while you can, Come down and watch Celtics Beat LA!!!!! Volume up and plenty of food and beer!!! Sean and Kim on the bar!!! See you all down here!!!!!, Reminder to Penguinites its Mug Night TONIGHT....starting @ 6pm....and to everyone else reminding you CELTICS are playing tonight so stop by and watch the game on the big screen, with the volume up!!!!!, Stop by Penguin for the World Cup Action. Argentina and Nigeria at 10am and then the big one..USA AND ENGLAND. Get your $5 Breakfast and $5 Lunch specials....GO USA!!!!, Penguin is opening for every world cup game at 7am, serving $5 breakfast and lunch specials for all games... Lots of bucket and draft specials also...(beer for the 2.30 games only of course!!!!!!!!), Want to congratulate Penguin's Softball team for the 1st ever win last night... Well done guys!!!! Keep up the good work!!!!, WATCH THE CELTICS ON OUR BIG SCREEN WITH VOLUME UP AS HIGH AS IT WILL GO!!!!  GO CELTS!!!!!, Our very good friend Dr. Daniel J Dibardino is in the new series on ABC
new out on June 24th. Here is the trailor....and The Penguin is in
it!!!!, Pretty Things St. Botolph's on draught! Get it while you can!, Anyone interested in playing softball with The Penguin this summer in the Mission Hill Softball League. If so please email me your name to pamela@penguinpizza.com., BBC PALE ALE ON CASK!!! Just tapped it so come get it while you can...The 1st one lasted less than 24 hours!!!!!, Stop by tonight for 15 cent wings from 5-12... Beer Bucket Specials all night., Hey reminding you all to pop into penguin tonight to say goodbye to oscar!!! Starts at 7 hope to see you all there! (he's not working so he will be drinking up a storm), "Easy Lifestyle" you are a wonderful person and will truly be missed by all of the staff and your friends at the Penguin., Penguinites...Mug Night tonight from 6-10...some drafts to mention..Racer 5, Pretty Things Jack D'or, Killians, Palm, Southhampton Double White, BBC Coffee house porter, and lots more...see you tonight. Pamela and Michelle on the bar!!!!, Paddy's Day Pizza  (corned beef, shaved cabbage and roasted potato) now been served every day by slice and by whole..Get it while you can, Im sure alot of you know that our wonderful Christiana (yana) is setting off on her adventures to South America next week. Her last shift in Penguin is TONIGHT...:(  Stop by and say goodbye at 5, Hey Penguinites....Mug night tonight 6-10pm...hope to see you all there, Stop by Penguin to watch the super bowl on our big tv's...20 cent wings during the game and buckets of rolling rock for $10......, Great stuff on rotating lines...Sebago IPA, Rogue Chocolate Stout, Sierra Celebration, Harpoon Winter Warmer, Gearys Wee Heavy, Cisco Grey Lady, Grimbergen Abbey, Berkshire Nitro Coffee House Porter....., Hey for all you penguinites....Mug Apreciation night tonight starting at 6!!! Keith and Eliza on the bar...try stop in, Hey stop by tonight..Pamela and Yana working and trivia starts at 8 ......, Berkshire Brewing Coffeehouse Porter on Nitrogen line in Penguin......, Here's Penguin wishing you all a happy and healthy 2010..thanks for everything in 2009...Stop by tonight  and help Michelle and Pamela ring in the new year.Champagne toast at 12 (or should i say champagne been sprayed everywhere at 12!!!!!), Some great christmas beers..santas butt porter, pickled santa...seriously bad elf....a few examples come get them limited supply.. Also toy drive ends on Monday please drop by with a toy....some one may not be getting anything for xmas, lets put an end to that. Please please please support!!!!, 20 cent wings for the pats game starting at 4 and  mug appreciation night for all you penguinites starts at 6....see you all there, Trivia Tonight from 8-10 stop by and see Dave and Keith, Stop by The Penguin SUNDAY to watch the Patriots and Colts @8.20 and get 20 cent wings during the game!!!!, New and exciting draught....Dogfish Chicory Stout, Brooklyn Chocolate Stout, Boulder Cold hop, Ithaca Cold Front, Fransiskaner Dunkel Weiss.....lots more, Reminding everyone to vote for Penguin on the Weekly Dig "Dig this Awards 2009 PLEASE!!!!!!, Penguin pizza is losing a dear friend and employee. Juan Pablo (jp) is moving back to his motherland Columbia, and does not know when he will return. If you would like to have a beer with him before he goes he will be at The Penguin Wednesday from about 7 till god knows when!!!!. Hope to see you all there Juan Pablo, Magners promo tonight, chance to win ipod touch and lots of other giveaways.. from 7-8.45., Hey Penguin pizza was nominated as best bar in Mission Hill. We need your votes to win the award. Please go into link and cast your vote.. Results come out in the Nov 11 issue. 
Thank you all for your support. xx, 10 cent wings tonight.....5-12 come see us!!! xx, Spaten Ocktoberfest and smuttynose pumkin on draught....get it while you can!!!!! Oh and great news Dermot just fixed projector so now you can watch all the games on the big screen !!1, Some of may know a good friend of The Penguin, Ben Booth. Ben is building a 50 foot sailing catamaran ship, he is getting most of the wood and lobour donated as this is a non profit organinsation. The ship will be a vehicle of education to people of all ages to learn yoga, mediate, martial arts and the sail the ocean. Ben needs our help..... We have put a beer on draught called the "vision quest" and the money from the sale of this beer goes towards helping Ben get this boat up and running. DRINK VISION QUEST! http://www.dharmavoyage.org, Hey let me know what octoberfest's/pumpkins you would like me to get!!!!, Penguin is on there last keg of Guinness 250 so come get it while you can!!!!!, Hey ill put up all the photos later, if anyone wants to put up any photos of a night at Penguin please do so)