List(A quick update, since we haven't posted anything in a while:

We were very close to signing a lease on a location in Davis Square, but ultimately the full investment to open a restaurant in the specific space we were looking at was just a little more than we could afford.  We've taken a step back, are trying to get all of our ducks in a row (including lining up all potential investors), and will begin our location search anew when we feel we're ready to jump at any opportunities.

We still hope to make this happen, so keep following us for future updates., Happy New Year!  We're honored to be included in boston.about.com's 2014 Year in Review, specifically in its mention of "iconic" restaurants that closed during the year.  While Veggie Planet closed in 2014, we're hoping that 2015 will be the year that it reopens!  Continue to follow this page for updates, and here's wishing you all a wonderful new year., Just wanted to post a quick update.  First, thanks so much for all of your interest and comments.  Thanks as well to all of you who participated in our location survey. Close to 1,300 of you gave us your thoughts on where you'd like to see a new Veggie Planet.  With the advantage of an already loyal customer base, Harvard Square came out on top, with Davis Square a close second and Porter Square taking home the bronze.

While we'd love to end up in one of those spots, finding the right location involves many factors, not all of which are under our control.  So, long story short, all options are still on the table.

We've begun reaching out to potential landlords, and are hopeful that the right location will turn up soon.  Keep checking back here for updates.

We miss you!, Hello! Hopefully you haven't forgotten about us. We certainly haven't forgotten about you!

We have potentially great news - we've found a former customer who is very serious about opening Veggie Planet in another location.  The big question is: where should that location be?  Help us decide by going to this link and telling us where you'd most like to see Veggie Planet resurrected.  

Thanks so much., As I spend the day today clearing out the remnants of Veggie Planet, there's not much time to reflect yet on the past thirteen years.  True reflection will come later.  Suffice it to say, however, that I am truly grateful for all that Veggie Planet's wonderful customers and staff have given to me over the years.  Through all the ups and downs, it has always been the wonderful people who made it most worthwhile.  You are what and who I will miss the most, and I thank you for all the great memories.

It has been so nice to hear over the past few months the degree to which many of you will miss Veggie Planet as well.  It is for this reason that I remain determined to help resurrect Veggie Planet in a different location, albeit under different ownership.  Though there are no guarantees, that is the ultimate goal.

While I have decided that the bulk of my energy and attention is best focused on Veggie Galaxy at this point, I do look forward to the day when I can return to Veggie Planet as a customer.  I suspect that I will feel in part as a parent does when visiting a grown, independent, child who has moved away and made a life for him or herself.   I will remain grateful for the time that I had and so proud of the life that continues without me.

In the meantime, any developments regarding Veggie Planet's future will be posted here, so please continue to follow us for updates.  Anyone who would like to play a role in helping Veggie Planet to continue its journey can email me at adamveggieplanet@gmail.com. 

Thank you again.  It's been an amazing ride., Thank you for your enthusiasm and support today!
Although we were ready for a crowd we have run out of just about everything at this point and have to stop serving.
Thank you, thank you, thank you!

www.veggieplanet.net, Ali; Server and Musician, with our LAST brunch waffle. August 17, 2014.

www.veggieplanet.net, Final day.  No words (or pictures), except Love you all., More of our wonderful staff. These photos are from the past couple of years., Our last Special Pizza is a tribute to a special Veggie Planet customer named Barry, who has eaten here probably an average of 6x/week (often 7x/week) for years. We'll miss being a part of his life as we'll miss being a part of yours.  
We know that Barry loves seitan, so Chef Chelsea designed this last special pizza with that in mind:

UPSIDE-DOWN POT PIE PIZZA: House-made Seitan, Potatoes, Peas, Carrots, Gravy, Scallions, all on our flatbread pizza(also available on Brown or Coconut Rice...but then it's not an upside down pot pie!).  Note: the gravy is NOT gluten free  #seitan #vegan

www.veggieplanet.net, Here's how we're eating our way through all our favorite Veggie Planet pizzas and salads this week:  the lunch "Small Pizza with Salad Combo". 
Shown is the Mexican Bean pizza with the Caesar Salad, but you can combine any pizza and any salad. Hope you'll get to have your favorites one more time!

www.veggieplanet.net, Many thanks to Rachel Blumenthal (@blumie) for writing this for Eater Boston and tweeting it today with this lead-in: 
"It's time to get in your final meals at @VeggiePlanetMA. This Sunday, August 17, is the last day for the restaurant."

Overheard today in the VP lunch line "Oh the pressure! My last visit ever to Veggie Planet - - what to order???". , Veggie Planet has been so fortunate to have had an amazing parade of bright, creative and fun staff over the years. Many were talented musicians, artists, writers and dancers, and working at Veggie Planet helped them pay the rent. Here are some of the photos we found of staff during Veggie Planet's early years. 
If anyone has other VP photos that they'd like to share, we would love to see them and add them to this album. Email them to kathyveggieplanet@gmail.com or adamveggieplanet@email.com. Thank you!, Wondering how many Onions, Butternut Squash, Broccoli and Tomatoes we've prepped since 2001...?

www.veggieplanet.net, Happy Monday - - have a great week!
 
www.veggieplanet.net, Serving BRUNCH from 11 - 3 today.  
Specials:
WAFFLE: Crystalized Ginger Waffle with Lemon
OMELET: "Fried Rice" Omelet with sautéed Rice and Sesame Oil, Green Peppers, fresh Ginger, Spanish Onions, Peas and Broccoli

Hope to see you for our next-to-last brunch here!
www.veggieplanet.net, For our second to last pizza special, we're bringing back this old favorite:

Kale, Portobello Mushrooms, White Bean Puree, Mozzarella, Asiago & Basil

Enjoy!

www.veggieplanet.net, Our current Soup & Salad specials!

Soup: Almond Gazpacho (pictured here with a drizzle of Sriracha, which you'll have to ask for if you want but we're happy to provide!)

Salad: Romaine, Micro Greens, Peas, Roasted Cremini Mushrooms, Fresh Lemon-Oregano Dressing & Buzzed Almonds, null, Sometimes it's best to be "Safe & Sound". One of our most basic, but also most popular, pizzas.
Fresh marinated Tomatoes, sliced Mozzarella, Asiago Cheese and Spinach, topped with Basil and Fried Garlic.

www.veggieplanet.net, How do YOU like to use avocados?, Coming for BRUNCH today? We open at 11:00.

We've got some Veggie Planet t-shirts left, and you know they'll be worth BIG MONEY on Antiques Roadshow someday. :-)
But seriously, if you know someone who's really going to miss Veggie Planet, consider buying him/her one of these shirts!

www.veggieplanet.net, Mmmm...brownies.

Walnuts or no-nuts for you?

www.veggieplanet.net, Do note that this article is from The Onion, and is therefore meant to be ironic. :-), New Special Pizza/Rice Dish!  It's one of our old favorite Special Pizzas with a slight twist.
Ginger-marinated Tofu, Kale, Avocado-Red Onion Mash with a drizzle of Sriracha.

www.veggieplanet.net, Sharing this great post from the Boston Vegetarian Society . The article is long (it is David Foster Wallace, after all), but really worth the read. Probably on your computer screen - - not your phone., The rain has stopped, the sun is out and our doors are open! What do you want for dinner?
(Counter-clockwise from the top: BBQ Tofu Pizza, Caesar on a Big Cheesy Crouton, Peanut Curry on Rice, and our weekly Special on Pizza: Roasted Tofu, Broccoli, Spinach, #vegan Cashew Alfredo Sauce, and Asiago Cheese (vegan without the cheese) )
#spoiltforchoice
www.veggieplanet.net, Veggie Planet will be CLOSED for LUNCH today - Monday, July 28.  We'll open at 5:00 p.m. for dinner.

Our sincere apologies for any inconvenience this may cause.

www.veggieplanet.net, Just got up? We're serving BRUNCH until 3:00.  Look at these smiling faces, just waiting to bring you coffee and delicious brunch dishes.
Our brunch OMELET today, displayed by VP Server Adam, has Tomatoes, Red Onions, Olives and Goat Cheese. Comes with fantastic home fries and toasted flatbread.
Our brunch WAFFLE today, held by VP Server Sez, is a Walnut Waffle with Cinnamon Crumble and Vanilla. This also comes with our home fries and some fresh fruit.

Splash your way to our cozy room - - we'll feed you well!
www.veggieplanet.net, Have you ever tried our amazing BANANA APPLE BRUNCH PIZZA?

Banana Puree & sauteed Cinnamon Apples topped with Sliced Bananas and a drizzle of real New England Maple Syrup. #vegan

Brunch is served from 11:00 - 3:00 today.
www.veggieplanet.net, When was the last time you had a "HENRY'S DINNER" pizza or rice dish?  An oldie but goodie...

Roasted Butternut Squash, Caramelized Onions, Rosemary & Sage, Goat Cheese and Asiago (or #vegan Daiya or our house-made tofu-basil mash)

www.veggieplanet.net, Fun event happening here in Harvard Square tonight. Come check out the scene, munch on salsa and chips and then swing by Veggie Planet, grab a take-out pizza and find a spot to sit in a park or by the river.  
Summer won't last forever!
#CambridgeMA #HarvardSquare #summertime, New Special Pizza for you this week!

Roasted Tofu, Broccoli, Spinach, #vegan Cashew Alfredo Sauce, and Asiago Cheese (vegan without the cheese).

www.veggieplanet.net, Lunchtime at Veggie Planet in Harvard Square. It's nice and cool here in our basement space!
www.veggieplanet.net, Something to think about..., Our current soup is a nice thick CHICKPEA TOMATO.  Comes with our toasted flatbread.

www.veggieplanet.net, Brunch is being served!
OMELET: Vegan sausage with mushroom and cheddar Omelet (#vegetarian)
WAFFLE: Chocolate Banana Split waffle (#vegan)

www.veggieplanet.net, Second up on our Summer 2014 re-run of favorite former Special Pizzas is the DECONSTRUCTED FALAFEL PIZZA.

On our flatbread pizza crust (or over rice): Chickpea Mash, Tomatoes, Arugula, Housemade Pickles, Tahini and Red Onion #vegan #vegetarian  #pizza

www.veggieplanet.net, Congratulations to the Boston Vegetarian Society for booking this awesome speaker for the  next Boston Vegetarian Food Festival. Looking forward to it!

 #bostonvegfest  @TColinCampbellF http://nutritionstudies.org/about/ , Quick heads up that our phone is out of service right now, but we are open!  A new phone is in the house, but needs to be charged fully before usage... probably won't be in service until tomorrow.  Repeat, though, we are open and serving food!, Too bad so many of our favorite foods are on this list!, null, We're back in business, having re-prepped everything that we lost when one of our refrigerators went down last night. We re-opened at 5:00 p.m.

It's nice and cool down here - - stop in for some pizza and beer! 
(Old photo of the beer keg...ours is always fresh!)

www.veggieplanet.net, One of our refrigerators went down last night, and we lost a lot of food.  Sadly, we need to close for lunch to re-prep the food that we lost.  Planning to reopen at 5PM for dinner.

Sorry., Chelsea was just admiring these beautiful scallions and we had to snap her picture.  We do get some bee-you-ti-ful produce and Chelsea and her crew turn it into your delicious soups, salads, pizzas and rice dishes. 

www.veggieplanet.net, A lovely Summer salad for a lovely Summer day!
Special salad: Mizuna (a peppery green), Grapefruit, Romaine, Red Onion, Cucumber,  Basil Mint dressing, and Almonds

www.veggieplanet.net, First up on the Summer 2014 re-run of favorite former Special Pizzas is the LOADED BAKED POTATO PIZZA.

On our flatbread pizza crust (or over rice): Mashed Potatoes, Maple Tempeh Bacon, Broccoli & Cheddar (or vegan Daiya or our house-made Basil-Tofu Mash), topped with Vegan Sour Cream and Scallions  #vegan #vegetarian #mashedpotatoes #pizza

www.veggieplanet.net, null, It's a salad day for sure - - temps may get over 90 degrees here in Cambridge.
Luckily, it stays nice and cool in our subterranean space, so come on down for a cool salad and nice cold Lemonade, Raspberry Lime Rickey or Iced Tea!

www.veggieplanet.net, null, Servers Sez and Adam showing off today's BRUNCH SPECIALS!

SEZ is holding the Omelet, which today is Tomato, Broccoli and Cheddar, served with our home-fries and toasted flatbread. #vegetarian

ADAM has the Waffle; a Blueberry-Lemon one today, served with home-fries and fresh fruit. #vegan

C'mon down to our cozy space and enjoy the food, music and great staff that make Veggie Planet brunch the place to be on Sunday!

www.veggieplanet.net, New special pizza:  

Black Beans, Arugula mix, Red Cabbage (missing in these photos), Feta, Corn Guacamole and Chipotle Ranch dressing.  Would also be great over rice!

www.veggieplanet.net, Happy healthy 4th of July! 
We are open regular hours today (11:30 a.m. - 10:30 p.m.).
#freedom #celebrate #summerfood #redwhiteandbluefood

www.veggieplanet.net, It's a good day for a good salad!  Our current salad special:

Romaine, Red Cabbage, Jicama chopped in lime juice, Broccoli, Cucumbers and a Sesame-Ginger Dressing.

Stay cool!, Great quote and great concept.

(Also - - please vote for your favorite Veggie Planet "Special Pizza" to return this Summer on yesterday's Facebook post!)

www.veggieplanet.net, This was our Special Pizza during the week of April 9, 2014: Kale, Ginger-Soy roasted Tofu, Red Cabbage and Avocado. Strikingly colorful and delicious!
www.veggieplanet.net, With only weeks to go before we (*sniff*) close Veggie Planet, our Chef Chelsea thought it might be fun to bring back some of the old "special pizzas" that you loved the most as our remaining weekly specials.

Here are some of the most popular ones from the past couple years (photos are not in order) - - please comment and vote for the one you'd most like to eat again.  If you remember another special pizza fondly (or fanatically) and it isn't on the list, go ahead and vote/comment for that one.  We'll try to make the most people happy that we can!

1. Loaded Baked Potato pizza
2. Open-Face Taco pizza
3. Deconstructed Falafel pizza
4. Teriyaki Seitan, Carrots, Broccoli, Caramelized Onions
5. Kale, Ginger-Soy roasted Tofu, Red Cabbage, Avocado
6. Thanksgiving special pizza: Mashed potatoes, mushroom gravy, seitan, broccoli, cheddar or Daiya vegan cheese
7. Sweet Potato Garam Masala pizza
8. White Bean Puree, Kale, Portobellos, Asiago (or Daiya vegan cheese), Fried Garlic
9. Mango Salsa, Feta, Tostones (green plantains), Black Beans & Cilantro Pesto
10. Tempeh Bacon BLT pizza
11. Harissa (a Tunisian roasted red pepper sauce), Roasted Zucchini, Sauteed Spinach & Chopped Walnuts
12. Ratatouille pizza

www.veggieplanet.net, Have you seen this 60-second video of Cambridge, MA?  So great!

www.veggieplanet.net, We've been seeing rumors that Veggie Planet closed last week or is closing this week.  Just want to make sure you know that we will be here operating as usual until August 17.

So come get your Caesar Salads here until then...but starting at noon today (by popular demand) you'll also be able to find it at our sister restaurant Veggie Galaxy, in Central Square. Thanks for loving this salad so much!

www.veggieplanet.net, Brunch Specials:
WAFFLE: Chocolate Peanut Butter Waffle #vegan

OMELET: Caramelized onions, red bell peppers, corn, black bean purée. Pepper jack cheese #vegetarian

www.veggieplanet.net, All new Weekly Specials are out!

PIZZA: "BLTA". Maple Tempeh Bacon (that's the B), Arugula (it's a kind of lettuce, so L), Tomatoes (the T), Avocado (the A) and a Creamy Garlic Aioli.  VEGAN and also available over Rice.

SOUP: Cream of Broccoli   VEGAN

SALAD: Romaine lettuce, Tomatoes, Avocado, Corn, Red Onions and a Creamy Red Pepper Vinaigrette  VEGAN, This is our Hummus Pizza - - one of the ones we added about a year ago.  Not sure it ever really grew a following.  Are you a Hummus Pizza fan?

HUMMUS PIZZA/RICE DISH: Our housemade Hummus, Red Onions, fresh Marinated Tomatoes, Feta & Kalamata Olives

www.veggieplanet.net, MBTA and Boston, Massachusetts, can we have this here too? , Two friends ordered "Henry's Dinner" on Rice.  Looks delish!
(Roasted Butternut Squash, Caramelized Onions, Rosemary, Sage, Goat Cheese & Asiago Cheese)
Not bad as a pizza either. :-)
www.veggieplanet.net, null, What a gorgeous day to come to Veggie Planet for BRUNCH.
Breakfast pizzas!
Our regular pizzas!
Waffles!
Omelets!
Salads!
Live Music!
Brunch drinks!
Friendly Staff!
Cozy, historic space!
More! 
See the full Brunch menu: http://goo.gl/9knMmx, Today is "Make Music Harvard Square" from 2:00 - 10:00 p.m.  Come on out for this great event and plan on a meal or a snack at Veggie Planet while you're nearby.  There are so many great picnic spots in and around the square, so relax with your VP food and enjoy "musique en plein air"!
http://www.harvardsquare.com/7th-annual-make-music-harvard-square-fete-de-la-musique
www.veggieplanet.net, We have a new Special Pizza and a new Special Salad!

PIZZA: Artichoke hearts, Roasted Red Peppers, Spinach, Mozzarella, Feta and Basil (or make it #vegan w/Daiya or our house-made Basil-Tofu Mash)
SALAD: Romaine, Cucumbers, Tomatoes, Watermelon Radish, Chickpeas, Red Onions, Lemon Coriander dressing & Sunflower Seeds.

www.veggieplanet.net, A great event to put on your calendar for this Saturday, right here in Harvard Square!, Here's one of our newer regular-menu pizzas; our BUFFALO TOFU pizza (also available over rice, of course).  It's got Buffalo tofu, fresh tomatoes, caramelized onions and cheddar cheese (or vegan Daiya or our house-made basil-tofu mash).

Have you tried this one yet?  

www.veggieplanet.net, Will you be in Harvard Square this Wednesday?  Cirque du Soleil will!

, Happy Father's Day Dads!, Saturday morning fun for everybody. Great when the world can come together around a shared interest like this.  Enjoy!
www.veggieplanet.net, Summer is near, but it's rainy and a little chilly outside.  This will warm you up!  Our new special soup:

Spicy Curried Eggplant Soup, also contains Summer Squash, Roasted Red Peppers & Button Mushrooms.  It's got a bit of a kick!, New Special! Veggie Planet's twist on the Hawaiian Pizza, which, according to Wikipedia, did not originate in Hawaii and is the most popular pizza in Australia.  Who knew?

BBQ Seitan, Pineapple, Caramelized Onion, Cheddar (or vegan Daiya Mozzarella), garnished with Cilantro.

www.veggieplanet.net, An interesting and flavorful new Special Salad started today:

Romaine, Mango, Tomatoes, thinly sliced Red Onion, Cucumbers, Pumpkin Seeds and a Smokey Cilantro Dressing.  Served with a slice of our toasted Flatbread. #vegan

www.veggieplanet.net, http://oxford.tab.co.uk/2014/06/09/wadham-votes-to-only-serve-vegan-meals-in-hall/
Wadham College, at University of Oxford (UK), has just voted to serve only vegan meals "in hall" for dinner 5 nights a week. Not everyone is delighted. 
, Stop in and grab a PORTOBELLO REDHEAD pizza to take home on this rainy evening. 
In case you don't know, it's Roasted Portobello Mushrooms, Caramelized Onions, Rosemary & Sage, smothered in Romesco (Roasted Red Pepper & Almond) Sauce and topped with feta cheese - - or topped w/our tofu-basil mash for our vegan friends.
Call in your order if you like:  (617) 661-1513

www.veggieplanet.net, Some amazing street art!, Caesar Salad on a Big Cheesy Crouton!  

We're still here and serving all your VP favorites as usual today and through the summer.  Wonder how many people would say this is their favorite Veggie Planet meal?

Have a good week.

www.veggieplanet.net, Looks like the word is out, so we want to provide some facts.

It’s very sad, but true; Veggie Planet will not exist in its current location beyond the end of August (OPERATIONS WILL CONTINUE AS NORMAL UNTIL THEN!).

Since Club Passim’s  seating capacity was reduced in late 2011 due to fire code enforcement, and given that there is no table turnover in their concert room every night, it has become unsustainable to continue to operate Veggie Planet in this space.  

We hope that it will live on in a new location - - hopefully right in Harvard Square where there is such a great community of regular customers.  Some of these folks eat here nearly every day of the week, and for that we've been incredibly grateful. 
 
Given that we also operate Veggie Galaxy, however, we feel that our attention is better focused on Galaxy than on the time and energy it would take to transfer Veggie Planet's operations to an alternative location.  Therefore, we sincerely hope that potential new owners will come forward to operate Veggie Planet in a new space.

Interested, or know somebody who might be?  Email Adam at adamveggieplanet@gmail.com, Two yummy Brunch Specials today!  Serving BRUNCH now, from 11:00 - 3:00 today.  Come on down!

WAFFLE: Pineapple Oasis waffle. Served w/our homefries and fruit.
OMELET:  Summer Squash, Roasted Red Peppers, Goat Cheese and Zucchini.  Served w/our homefries and toasted flatbread.

www.veggieplanet.net, A perfect lunch for a sunny June Saturday!

Special SALAD: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Artichokes, Tomatoes, Zucchini, Red Onions, Walnuts and Greek dressing 

Special SOUP: Cucumber Almond Gazpacho (our first COLD soup of the season!) #alwaysvegan #vegan

www.veggieplanet.net, Great night to have a take-out picnic down by the Charles River...or in a park...or on your front steps!

Our current weekly Special Pizza is a RATATOUILLE PIZZA: Summer Squash, Roasted Red Peppers, Onions & Eggplant all over our Marinara Sauce. Some Mozzarella (or #vegan Mozzarella or our vegan Tofu-Basil Mash) and a little Basil finish off this beauty.

www.veggieplanet.net, Has it been 30 years already? Congratulations to Bruce Springsteen!

Wonder what popular music of today we'll still be listening to in 30 years.

www.veggieplanet.net, What's your favorite pizza/salad combo?  

Customize your lunch!

www.veggieplanet.net, From the mouths of babes..., Feel like just a light snack?  We've got you covered.

We always have vegan muffins from the Veggie Galaxy bakery, and maybe that and a cup of tea or coffee is all you need.

www.veggieplanet.net, Whether you're a "savory" or a "sweet" person, our Sunday Brunch menu has something for you.  Here are this week's special Omelet and Waffle:

OMELET: Asparagus, Tomatoes, Mozzarella, Caramelized Onions and Pesto. Served w/our homefries and toasted flatbread.
WAFFLE: Strawberry Vanilla Waffle topped with Chocolate and served w/fruit, homefries and REAL maple syrup

Brunch menu is served from 11 - 3 today.  Come on down!
www.veggieplanet.net, "Love this."
  - Veggie Planet, The free magazine "Cambridge Scout" is looking for nominations for "Best of" in a number of categories.  We would be delighted if you would take a minute and nominate us for any that you think we deserve.  Here are a few we humbly suggest (although we won't be hurt if you nominate our sister resto, Veggie Galaxy, for some of them instead!). You can vote once a day per email address, through June 7 :
- Best Vegetarian Food 
- Best Pizza
- Best Brunch
- Best Lunch
- Best Cheap Eats
- Best Healthy Dining
- Best Take Out
Thank you very much! 
#grateful #since2001 #pizza #HarvardSquare #vegetarian #vegan
www.veggieplanet.net
, A special day at Veggie Planet! New specials are:

Pizza/Rice: Harissa (a Tunisian Roasted-Red Pepper Sauce), Roasted Zucchini, Sauteed Spinach & Chopped Walnuts

Soup: Corn-Potato Chowder

Salad: Romaine, Raspberries, Red Onions, Feta (or Tofu-Basil Mash), Pea Shoots & Lavender Dressing

www.veggieplanet.net, Congratulations to all the Harvard students who will graduate tomorrow.  We wish you all much success and a happy life.

Before you leave town, stop in for your last Portobello Redhead or whatever your favorite pizza is, and buy yourself a Veggie Planet t-shirt to remember us by. Thank you for your business over the past few years, and come visit us again someday!  

www.veggieplanet.net, Back to work! Hope you all had a nice holiday weekend.

www.veggieplanet.net, Club Passim's Campfire Festival (continuous music performances in the main room of our shared space) starts at noon today.  All day a ticket is required if you'd like to sit in the main room to eat.  We start serving food at 11:30 a.m.

We have four tables in the front area and are happy to serve you there if you're interested in just food, not music (and no ticket required).  It's a cozy and lively scene!
www.veggiegalaxy.com, This is our #vegan "ODDLOT" pizza. 
Fresh marinated tomatoes, spinach and our homemade tofu-basil mash topped with kalamata olives and fried garlic.  Ask to "add Romesco sauce" if you want to kick the flavor up even more!
www.veggieplanet.net, We are serving BRUNCH today from 11:00 - 3:00 as usual.  HOWEVER...due to Club Passim's "Campfire" festival (continuous music being performed from noon until midnight) in the main room that we share, we have very limited "brunch-only" (no concert) seating.

Folks who come for Brunch today will have to buy a ticket to Campfire if they want to sit in the main room to eat. We have 4 tables out in the "front area" by our kitchen available for folks who just want food without music, and takeout is always an option. If you want to phone in your order and pick it up to go, just call (617) 661-1513.

If you're interested in coming out for a rainy afternoon of good food and good music, here's a link to the schedule for Campfire: http://www.clubpassim.org/club/campfire-day-pass-5

#brunch #folkmusic #clubpassim #vegetarian #harvardsquare #cambridgema #campfirefestival #campfire Club Passim

www.veggieplanet.net, Club Passim (with whom we share our space) is having their traditional Memorial Day Weekend "Campfire Festival" this weekend.  It starts at noon today, tomorrow and Monday and features continuous music into the wee hours each night.  Here's the schedule of performers - - come out and discover the next Joan Baez or Tom Rush!  It's a great way to pass a rainy afternoon, and Veggie Planet will be offering our regular menu and table service for your noshing and imbibing pleasure.

What this means for folks wanting to come in and just have a meal at Veggie Planet is that you will have to buy a ticket to Campfire if you want to sit in the main room to eat.  We will have 4 tables out in the "front area" by our kitchen each day available for folks who just want food without music, and takeout is always an option.  If you want to phone in your order and pick it up to go, just call (617) 661-1513.

www.veggieplanet.net, Love this positivity! 
We see so many people every day here at Veggie Planet (customers, staff, suppliers) who care deeply about the future of our planet and our food supply and who are living lives that tread lightly on the Earth.  We can all "be the change"!

www.veggieplanet.net, Pizza, Soup and Salad specials all change today!  What a day!  Our specials generally run weeklyish.

www.veggieplanet.net, Short (52 seconds) video by Weird Al on "the mystery of meat".

www.veggieplanet.net, Did you know that you can customize your Veggie Planet pizza?  

Here's our "ODDLOT" pizza (fresh marinated Tomatoes, Spinach & our house-made Tofu-Basil mash topped w/Kalamata Olives and Fried Garlic) with the addition of our house-made ROMESCO SAUCE.  Romesco Sauce is a roasted Red Pepper & Almond sauce, and it kicks the flavor of anything up tenfold.  Give it a try!

www.veggieplanet.net, Not sure where the sun went today, but the flowers and plants sure are happy with the scattered raindrops...

www.veggieplanet.net, Inspiration for a Monday morning - - on a street in Medford!

www.veggieplanet.net, We are serving BRUNCH until 3:00 today!  Come on down and try our special Waffle or special Omelet.

WAFFLE: Vanilla Waffle with an Apple Cinnamon topping (#vegan)
OMELET: Artichokes, Marinated Tomatoes, Feta, Red Onion and Pesto (#vegetarian)

www.veggieplanet.net, Grab lunch at Veggie Planet today (we open at 11:30 a.m.) and then wander up the road to Somerville for their wonderful "PorchFest" event.  The forecast says the sun is going to come out!  Have a good Saturday.
www.veggieplanet.net, Today is "Love a Tree Day", so here are some trees that we loved at the Arnold Arboretum in Jamaica Plain this week.  With leaves just opening, the trunks and branches were on full display in some strange and beautiful shapes.
If you have a favorite tree photo, post it here in the Comments!

#trees #nature #ArnoldArboretum
www.veggieplanet.net, New Pizza and Soup Specials (shown as a combo below).

Pizza: Artichoke Hearts, Spinach, Mozzarella, Caramelized Onions, Tomatoes, Scallions & Cashew Vegan Cream Cheese

Soup: Chickpea Tomato with Basil, NEW weekly Special Salad is just out!

Mesclun Greens, Summer Squash, Tomatoes, Black Beans, Sprouts, Sunflower Seeds and house-made Chipotle-Lime dressing.

Fresh, green and delish!
www.veggieplanet.net, Joni Mitchell  JoniMitchell.com presiding over our dining room (which becomes Club Passim's concert space every evening).  Did you know that she performed here back in the 1960's?  Those were the days!

There is a nice display of photos of rock/folk musicians up on the walls here right now - - even including Bruce Springsteen.  Swing by and walk down memory lane while you enjoy your Veggie Planet lunch!

www.veggieplanet.net, This was SUCH a yummy lunch on Saturday at Veggie Planet: the Pizza and Salad combo, with the current special pizza and our regular Caesar Salad.
The special pizza (for a couple more days) is Poblano Peppers, Summer Squash, White Mushrooms, Red Onion, Mozzarella and Cheddar Cheese.
www.veggieplanet.net, Happy Mother's Day!

(thanks to VegTV for this photo)

www.veggieplanet.net, Salad anyone? Ours are fresh, delicious and substantial - - each one is definitely a MEAL.

Shown here: our Peanut Udon Noodle Salad, Greek Salad and Caesar Salad (in this photo it's on a "Big Cheesy Crouton")

www.veggieplanet.net, Can't get to Veggie Planet for our soup?  Make your own!  Some very good advice on making a basic vegetable soup stock in this article., Some interesting flavors in our weekly Special Soup: Black-Eyed Pea with Collards and Fennel

Just look at all that goodness!  (Reward yourself with one of our fudgy Taza Chocolate vegan brownies :-)  ).

www.veggieplanet.net, These books "highlight sustainable agriculture and farming practices around the world and they give us ideas about how to eat healthier, safer, and more fairly produce food."  Take this list to the library and pick up a few of these great food books!
#food #sustainability #books #themoreyouknow
www.veggieplanet.net, We've got a NEW Special Pizza of the Week:  Poblano Peppers, Summer Squash, White Mushrooms, Red Onion, Mozzarella and Cheddar Cheese 

Enjoy it over brown rice for a #glutenfree version and substitute #Daiya #vegan cheese for a dairy-free version.

It smells fantastic (have not taken a bite yet...that would wreck the photo unfortunately!).

#pizza #veggieplanet #CambridgeMA #HarvardSquare #Boston #vegetarian www.veggieplanet.net, We've definitely got Spring fever, and these pictures are making us think of all the upcoming Spring graduation parties and weddings and Summer barbecues.  
Have you ever carved a watermelon into a creative shape?  Might be time to try!
#fruit #gettingcreative #herecomesSummer #specialevents #watermelon
www.veggieplanet.net , Here's our current Pizza/Rice Dish special served over brown rice.  It's really good that way - - give it a try!

Oyster Mushrooms, Tempeh Sausage, Red Onions, Arugula, Mozzarella and Asiago Cheese (or substitute Daiya #vegan cheese).

www.veggieplanet.net, Happy Cinco de Mayo!  
The appropriate pizza of the day here is our MEXICAN BEAN Pizza: Black Bean Puree & Pepperjack Cheese topped with our homemade fresh Salsa and sprinkled with Fried Garlic.  (Substitute #vegan #Daiya for a non-dairy version.)
www.veggieplanet.net, Sun and clouds, lots of people, and a street full of sidewalk chalk artists of all ages at yesterday's Mayfair in Harvard Square.  Thanks to the Cambridge Rotary Club for sponsoring the "Chalk on the Walk" event, which was loads of fun for participants and viewers alike.  Here are 19 of our favorites (and there were many more amazing ones):, Here are our Brunch Specials today:

WAFFLE: Mexican Chocolate Waffle with ground TAZA Chocolate, Star Anise, Orange Extract, Cinnamon, Nutmeg and Cayenne. Served with real Maple Syrup and homefries. #vegan
OMELET: Roasted Poblano and Bell Peppers with Caramelized Onions, Red Cabbage, Cheddar Cheese (or vegan Daiya), Avocado and house-made fresh Salsa. Served with homefries and toasted flatbread. #vegetarian
Brunch is served from 11:00 - 3:00 today.
www.veggieplanet.net, Mayfair starts at noon today!  Come on out for lots of free music, dance, sidewalk art and FUN!  Feed your family a healthy brunch (you know where) and they won't beg for kettle corn... :-)

http://www.harvardsquare.com/Home/Articles/The-31st-Annual-MayFair-in-Harvard-Square.aspx Harvard Square @MyCambridgeMA 
www.veggieplanet.net, Out and about on this beautiful Saturday?  We've got lunch for you!
Shown: our "Caesar Salad on a Big Cheesy Crouton"
Can be made #vegan or served minus the pizza crust to be #glutenfree. It is really amazing.
www.veggieplanet.net, Finally, finally, finally, Spring has really come to Boston/Cambridge - - not just on the calendar, but in the blooming trees, bulbs and warmer temps.  Hope you will have a great weekend enjoying it all!
www.veggieplanet.net, How 'bout some Carrot Ginger Soup, topped with Scallions? It's our NEW weekly Soup Special!
#vegan #vegetarian #HarvardSquare #CambridgeMA #takesomehomefordinnertonight
www.veggieplanet.net, What a weekend coming up in Harvard Square! The Harvard "Arts First" Festival runs all weekend, with mostly free performances open to all. The annual "Mayfair" in Harvard Square is on Sunday afternoon; with music, all the great street-fair vendors and things to do for kids.
Cross your fingers for good weather and plan to come in and stroll around the Square and enjoy these events!  We won't complain if you figure a Saturday lunch or Sunday brunch at Veggie Planet into your plans... :-)
www.veggieplanet.net, New Pizza and Salad specials start today!  Can't decide between pizza or salad, get the half pizza & salad combo!, It's a tearful job, but someone's gotta do it - - peeling and chopping all those onions here every day.  
Some end up in salads (like this Greek Salad), but we caramelize a lot of them for our Portobello Redhead, Henry's Dinner, BBQ Tofu and Buffalo Tofu pizzas too.
Thanks to our behind-the-scenes heroes for prepping the onions!
www.veggieplanet.net, Did you know not to store onions and potatoes together? They give off gasses that make the other spoil quicker.  More good info in this little article.

www.veggieplanet.net, BRUNCH is being served! Today's special Waffle and Omelet are as follows:

Waffle:  Blueberry Orange, served with sides of fruit and crispy homefries
Omelet: Oyster Mushrooms, Arugula, Red Onion, real Maple Syrup and Cheddar Cheese 

www.veggieplanet.net  #vegetarian  #brunch  #CambridgeMA #HarvardSquare, Wishing you this kind of Sunday today!  
We'll be posting photos and descriptions of our Brunch Specials a little bit later this morning. Brunch opens at 11:00 a.m.
www.veggieplanet.net, Come on out for this fun celebration of Harvard Square bookstores and Shakespeare's birthday today!  

www.veggieplanet.net, Two people's lunches are up!  What are you eating for lunch today?

www.veggieplanet.net, A whole lot of Veggie Planet pizzas and several "hotel pans" of rice dishes were delivered to a Kendall Square office this week for lunch.  
We lifted the lid off a large pan of "Henry's Dinner" (Roasted Butternut Squash, Caramelized Onions, Rosemary, Sage, Goat Cheese & Asiago Cheese...all on Brown Rice) for just a second to give you a peek! 
Want to order lunch for your office?  Email VeggiePlanetCatering@gmail.com

www.veggieplanet.net, Awww...  "Hug Your Farmer", or if there's no Farmer nearby, just hug SOMEONE.  Great way to start your Thursday!, New Weekly Special Pizza started today!
It's got a Tahini Spread, Asparagus, Cherry Tomatoes, Scallions, Olives & Feta (or vegan Daiya).
Hope you'll get to try it sometime this week.
www.veggieplanet.net, Here's a great event to put on your calendar for tomorrow evening (Thursday, April 24). 
See the gallery show "Honey Bees & Garden Weeds" in the Student Life Gallery at Massachusetts College of Art and Design and buy a raffle ticket! The Garden Collective started MassArts first community garden, and all the funds from the raffle will be put towards gardening tools as well as organic plants and soil for this Summer season.
They would love to have you and your friends join them for an evening of sustainable-oriented artists, music and local food.

@MassArtGarden Massachusetts College of Art and Design #garden #gardens #bees #honeybees #art #Boston
www.veggieplanet.net, Happy Earth Day 2014

There are so many things one can do to help to save our planet...and eating vegetarian today is just one of them.  Come celebrate Earth Day with a delicious Veggie Planet lunch!

www.veggieplanet.net, Thinking of all the Boston Marathon runners today and wishing them a GREAT race! 

We are open regular hours today (11:30 a.m. - 10:30 p.m.). 

www.veggieplanet.net, Brunch specials for today:

Omelet: Mushrooms, Green Peas, Red Peppers, Feta
Waffle: Ginger waffle topped with Grapefruit, Strawberries and Mint Leaf

Fresh and delicious!

www.veggieplanet.net, We are open and serving Brunch starting at 11:00 this morning.  Breakfast pizzas, waffles, omelets and plenty from our regular menu.  
Hope you'll be spending today in your "happy place", wherever that is (this tree house looks like a good place to us!).
www.veggieplanet.net, Ready for a late lunch/early dinner?  Out and about in Harvard Square and want to sit down and rest your feet? Come on down and enjoy our cozy dining room!  
Nourish yourself with a fabulous veggie or vegan pizza.  This is our "Henry's Dinner" pizza - - Roasted Butternut Squash, Caramelized Onions, Rosemary & Sage, Goat Cheese & Asiago (or vegan Daiya or our house-made vegan Basil Tofu Mash).  
Sip a tall house-made lemonade or a CBC beer with your meal and we'll have you feeling refreshed and recharged in no time!
www.veggieplanet.net, A fun fact to know and share!

www.veggieplanet.net, Our NEW Weekly Special PIZZA will get you in the spirit of Cinco de Mayo a little ahead of time.  A fiesta in your mouth for lunch today or over the weekend!

"OPEN-FACED TACO" PIZZA: Seitan Crumbles, Cheddar or vegan Daiya, Cabbage/Carrot Slaw, house-made Salsa, mashed Avocado
***Also available over Brown Rice or Coconut Rice***

#vegetarian #vegan #pizza #HarvardSquare #Boston #CambridgeMA #veggieplanet

www.veggieplanet.net, New SOUP starts today!
It's SPRING VEGETABLE with a (vegan) PESTO garnish.  Just look at all the hearty goodness in one scoop: Asparagus, Peas, Summer Squash, Navy Beans & Kale.
Comes with our toasted pizza flatbread - - great for dipping!
#vegan #vegetarian #soup #hotlunch
www.veggieplanet.net, It's NATIONAL EGGS BENEDICT DAY...and we don't have any Eggs Benedict here for you today.
BUT - - every Sunday we serve an amazing EGGS BENEDICT BREAKFAST PIZZA at our brunch. ( Available with #vegan eggs also.)  Come in this Sunday and check it out!
www.veggieplanet.net, Have you ever looked up at the wall in the Harvard Square "T" station and noticed these colorful mosaics?  Beauty is all around us if we remember to look for it., Thank you Michael Pollan for saying this so well.  
Since April is "Earth Month", it's a good time to be reminded that we vote on the future of the Earth with everything we eat.
Vote for veggies on this planet!  Have a great week.
www.veggieplanet.net, Brunch is now being served! Stop in between 11 and 3 today and enjoy our unique brunch menu and live classical guitar music.

Today's Omelet is chock full of veggies (we opened this one to give you a peek):  Asparagus, Kale, Black Bean Puree, Tomatoes and Cheddar

Brunch menu: http://www.veggieplanet.net/menu/vpbrunch.pdf
www.veggieplanet.net, Some encouraging numbers here, and some GOOD news for a change about that much-maligned group "the millennials".
"Spending on food gardening has increased 43 percent, urban gardeners have increased by 29 percent, and, most encouragingly, young people -- the millennials -- have become the fastest growing segment of the population to start a food garden.", It's National Grilled Cheese Day, and as a variation on the traditional sandwich, we suggest you celebrate with our Open-Face Grilled Cheese pizza!

Fresh Tomatoes, Scallions, Broccoli and Cabot Vermont Cheddar Cheese (or #vegan Daiya) topped with Basil, all on our Flatbread Pizza Dough.  A lot more than just cheese.

Happy Saturday!
#NationalGrilledCheeseDay2014 #pizza #lunch
www.veggieplanet.net, Pizza Pizza Pizza Pizza Pizza Pizza Pizza Pizza Pizza Pizza Pizza!!!

Sometimes simple is best.  This is our "Traditional" pizza - - just homemade Marinara and Mozzerella (or Daiya Mozzerella).  We'll even hold the green stuff (basil) if you ask us to.  Great for kids and conservatives in your party. :-)

www.veggieplanet.net, Some good information about what oils to use for what purpose, with updated information.  It's Friday, but we can all still learn something today!
www.veggieplanet.net, Our NEW Special Salad pairs well with our NEW Special Soup.  The Soup is on the spicy/Thai side, while the salad is cooling.  Try the Soup & Salad combo for lunch!

SOUP: Spicy Coconut with roasted Red Peppers, Mushrooms, Tomato & Lime
SALAD: Romaine Lettuce, Carrots, Red Cabbage, Granny Smith Apples, Sesame Seeds and a Ginger-Lime dressing

www.veggieplanet.net, Some SOUP for you!  Our new Soup is a Spicy Coconut with Roasted Red Peppers, Mushrooms, Tomato & Lime.  Comes with our toasted flatbread to make a fine lighter meal.
#vegan #soup #lunch
www.veggieplanet.net, Our new Special Pizza is a MEAL!  Just look at how loaded it is.

Kale, Ginger-Soy Roasted Tofu, Red Cabbage, Avocado Mash, Spicy VEGAN Mayo and Scallions...all atop our hearty flatbread pizza dough from the Haley House Bakery Cafe in Boston's Dudley Square.  Or you can have this combo over our Coconut Rice or Brown Rice.  

Call (617) 661-1513 to put in your order and stop by on your way home to pick it up - - easy Wednesday night dinner treat!

  #vegetarian #vegan #tofu #kale #avocado #pizza #dinner #HarvardSquare Harvard Square Cambridge, Massachusetts #Boston  www.veggieplanet.net, Why not sign up for a class here at Club Passim?  And treat yourself to a Veggie Planet lunch/dinner/drink after your class!

www.veggieplanet.net, Making our fresh Salsa!
We use the salsa on our Mexican Bean Pizza and at Sunday Brunch on our Tofu Scramble.  So fresh and delicious - - give it a try.
www.veggieplanet.net, Brunch is being served until 3:00 today - - come on down!
Today's brunch specials:

WAFFLE: Cherry Cobbler
OMELET: Caramelized Onion, Goat Cheese, Broccoli Rabe, Tomato

It's a sunny day here in Harvard Square - - hope you'll all have a great day.
www.veggieplanet.net, The world is a wonderful place!  It's easy to be so positive when the sun is shining brightly and there are 20 years worth of apples in the world.
Enjoy your Sunday.
www.veggieplanet.net, If you feel like an afternoon treat, we've always got a delicious Veggie Galaxy cake and some of their pastries (#vegan), our own house-baked brownies (with or without walnuts) and usually a coffee-cake made here in-house as well.
With a nice cup of coffee or tea it'll make the remaining few hours of your work week fly by!
#cake #snacktime #TGIF
www.veggieplanet.net, Wishing you all a happy LOCAL weekend, and sending thanks to Cambridge Local First for all they're doing to spread the word about how important this movement is! @cambridgelf
#buylocal #eatlocal #spendlocal #community
www.veggieplanet.net, New weely Pizza and Soup specials - shown together but available separately as well:

Pizza/Rice dish:  Buffalo Tofu, Tomatoes, Carrots, Red Onion, Cheddar (or #vegan Daiya) and pickled Jalepenos, with a drizzle of vegan Ranch dressing.
Soup: Smoky Chipotle Black Bean with Scallions (vegan) Add PepperJack Cheese or Daiya for just 50 cents 

www.veggieplanet.net, Our Mexican Bean pizza: Black bean puree and pepperjack cheese (or vegan Daiya) topped with our homemade salsa and sprinkled with fried garlic.  AWESOME. Also available over brown or coconut rice.
www.veggieplanet.net, null, A NEW Soup's up!  It's a Smoky Chipotle Black Bean with Scallions - and it's #vegan.  You're welcome to add PepperJack Cheese or Daiya for just 50 cents (that's what's in the little blue bowl in the photo).  
As always, the soup is served with a generous piece of our toasted flatbread from Haley House Bakery Cafe .
www.veggieplanet.net, Nice day for a Soup and Salad lunch! Here's our current Weekly Special soup and salad, but you can get the Soup with our Greek, Caesar or Planet salads as well.

Current Weekly Special Soup: Puréed Mushroom & Asparagus w/Cashews & Walnuts (#vegan)
Current Weekly Special Salad: Roasted Rhubarb, Fennel, Red Onions, Almonds, Baby Arugula and Romaine tossed with a Strawberry dressing

www.veggieplanet.net, We enjoyed last night's Club Passim "Tribute to Pete Seeger" concert in the room that we share (it's our dining room during the day, their concert room in the evening).  
Some great local musicians, lots of moving anecdotes about Pete and some excellent audience participation on the sing-alongs.  
Here's a photo of the group on stage for the final number - - I'm sure you can guess what the song was!

Catie Curtis  Scott Alarik Laura Cortese Alastair Moock Music Ryan Alvanos Billy Wylder www.lloydthayer.com  #ThisLandIsYourLand #peteseeger
www.veggieplanet.net, Stop in and try our Weekly Special Pizza/Rice dish for lunch today, before the rain comes back!
Broccoli Rabe w/Red Pepper Flakes, Lemon Tahini Spread, Garlic Scapes, Tomatoes, Feta Cheese
#pizza #vegetarian #HarvardSquare #Boston #CambridgeMA
www.veggieplanet.net, Happy Friday!
www.veggieplanet.net, Oh happy day - all new Weekly Specials start at lunch today!

Pizza/Rice Dish: Broccoli Rabe w/Red Pepper Flakes, Lemon Tahini Spread, Garlic Scapes, Tomatoes, Feta Cheese
Soup: Puréed Mushroom & Asparagus w/Cashews & Walnuts (#vegan)
Salad: Roasted Rhubarb, Fennel, Red Onions, Almonds, Baby Arugula and Romaine tossed with a Strawberry dressing
www.veggieplanet.net, How about a nice cup of Tea?
We're proud to get our tea from local tea importer MEM Tea (@mem_tea), located right here in Somerville, MA. Check them out here: http://memteaimports.com/
MEM Tea provides us with tea and we make up nice little sachets for our customers to use.  Enjoy!
www.veggieplanet.net, Some long-overdue sprucing-up is happening here at Veggie Planet this Spring.  A new Weekly Specials board has been installed right where you place your order (on weekdays), and our graphic design friend Derek has framed up some of our reviews/awards for the door.  The large blackboard should be finished soon too.
More to come! 
www.veggieplanet.net, We'd love to meet this person! Saw the car in a #CambridgeMA parking lot recently.
Hope you will have a happy week - with or without chocolate.
www.veggieplanet.net, Brunch is now open!  
From 11:00 - 3:00 today we'll be serving up a delicious menu of breakfast pizzas and more.  See our full Brunch menu here: http://www.veggieplanet.net/menu/vpbrunch.pdf

www.veggieplanet.net, The world would be a better place...  We can all do this., Anybody know how long this cool new sculpture has been here along Brattle Street in Radcliffe Yard?  We noticed it about a week ago.  The sculpture is called "Saturate the Moment", and it's by Keojin Jin and Juhun Lee, students at the Harvard Graduate School of Design. 
LOVE public art like this!
#art #harvardsquare #cambridgema #boston #publicart #Radcliffe #Harvard 
www.veggieplanet.net, HAPPY SPRING!
We've got a new Weekly Special Soup and Salad for you today.

SOUP: Roasted Red Pepper & Tomato
SALAD: Romaine, Arugula, Tomato, Navy Beans and Cucumber, with a Roasted Tomatillo dressing and optional Rye Bread Croutons.
Both are #vegan.
www.veggieplanet.net, New Special Pizza started today!
Roasted Tofu, Broccoli, Spinach, Green Peas, vegan Alfredo Sauce. Garnished with Asiago (optional) and Basil. 
Looks kinda white (like snow?) with some spots of greenery peeking through...like early Spring, which starts TOMORROW!!
Gotta try this! As always, feel free to order the "Special Pizza" over our Coconut Rice or Brown Rice instead of on our flatbread pizza dough if you prefer.
#vegan #vegetarian #pizza #CambridgeMA #Boston #HarvardSquare #since2001
www.veggieplanet.net, In the wee hours of last night, Boston-area Cartoonist Brian Connolly and our Front of House Manager Emily Goldstein were hard at work prepping (Emily) and lettering/drawing a new design (Brian) on our big blackboard. Brian will be working on our smaller one shortly.  We think it looks great so far - - pop in to have a peek!
(Here's some of Brian's cartoon work at Dig Boston: http://digboston.com/tag/brian-connolly/)

www.veggieplanet.net, That's a lotta tofu!  
This batch is headed for our BBQ Tofu pizzas and Buffalo Tofu pizzas. 
 Have you tried both of these combos yet (over rice or on our flatbread pizza dough)? Great for a cold day like today!
www.veggieplanet.net, WE NEED YOUR VOTE!
Please click on the picture below and vote for Veggie Planet!  You need to vote for one pizza place in each group (like college basketball brackets, but for pizza places) in order for your vote to count.  
Thanks so much for your help and support.
www.veggieplanet.net, Happy St. Patrick's Day.
Celebrate by eating lots of...green veggies!

(thanks to prevention.com for this image)
www.veggieplanet.net, Here are our nice hot BRUNCH SPECIALS, to warm you up!  Stop in for a nourishing brunch any time between 11:00 and 3:00 today and enjoy some beautiful live classical guitar music (between noon and 2:00).

WAFFLE: Blueberry Cornmeal
OMELET: Mushrooms, leeks, cheddar, dill

Full brunch menu here: http://www.veggieplanet.net/menu/vpbrunch.pdf
www.veggieplanet.net, Do you see court cases with big payouts over snack foods and breakfast cereals in the future?, Hope you're having a fun PI Day today.
These (vegan) pies are all available today at our sister restaurant Veggie Galaxy in Cambridge's Central Square (450 Mass. Ave.).
Take home some pie for your dinner tonight!
www.veggiegalaxy.com, New Soup and Salad for your lunch today!

SALAD: Jicama, Carrot, Red Onion, Frisee, Lime Olive Oil dressing and Walnuts
SOUP: Three Bean Chili with optional Cheese or Daiya (vegan cheese)
Both are #vegan and so healthy that you can reward yourself by getting a nice piece of this CHOCOLATE PEANUT BUTTER CAKE (also vegan) for dessert. It's our current Veggie Galaxy cake; we sell it by the slice.

www.veggieplanet.net, A new WEEKLY SPECIAL PIZZA will be starting today: 
It has a Mushroom Duxelle sauce (made of mushrooms, shallots, walnuts and lemon), our house-made Tofu Basil mash, Asiago cheese & Arugula. A Balsamic reduction is drizzled over the top. 

Pictured is a sort of "Double Header".  Normally two different kinds of pizza, this Double Header shows a #vegan version of this Special Pizza on the right and a non-vegan version on the left.  
Also available over Brown or Coconut Rice.  Have it your way!

www.veggieplanet.net, When looking through those seed/plant catalogs, might be good to choose some of these bee-friendly plants. #savethebees

www.veggieplanet.net, What a day it was here in Harvard Square!  Hope you got to poke your head outside at some point today to feel the soft, warm air.
We officially have Spring fever.

www.veggieplanet.net, Giving our Peanut Udon Noodle Salad a Facebook feature this morning!

Cold whole wheat noodles tossed with Romaine lettuce, fresh tomatoes, broccoli, scallions, peanuts and a ginger-peanut dressing.  

www.veggieplanet.net, Good morning - - hope you'll have a good week!

www.veggieplanet.net, The sun is shining, we've got a nice longer day to look forward to today, and you should get out and enjoy yourself before heading back to work tomorrow!  
Stop in for a nourishing brunch any time between 11:00 and 3:00 today and enjoy some beautiful live classical guitar music (between noon and 2:00).

Special OMELET: Asparagus, Tomato, Cheddar, Caramelized Onion topped with Hollandaise
WAFFLE: Earl Grey and Orange

Full brunch menu here: http://www.veggieplanet.net/menu/vpbrunch.pdf
www.veggieplanet.net, Here's a great lunch combo, if you'll be in Harvard Square today.

It's our new SOUP (Dill Potato Leek - it's #vegan) and our current SPECIAL SALAD (Fennel, Grapefruit, Arugula, Romaine, Dijon-Shallot dressing and Pecans), with a piece of our toasted flatbread pizza dough.  Delicious, nutritious and a good light meal.

www.veggieplanet.net, A beautiful new Special Salad is out!

The delicious ingredients are: Fennel, Grapefruit, Arugula, Romaine, Dijon-Shallot dressing and Pecans.  
The salad comes with a toasted piece of our pizza dough flatbread, which is made for us at Boston's Haley House (http://www.haleyhouse.org/).

www.veggieplanet.net, Love urban art!  What's your favorite in Cambridge, MA?, We can all do more!, New SPECIAL PIZZA starts today!

Teriyaki Seitan, Caramelized Onions, Carrots, Cauliflower, Broccoli, Scallions & Sesame

It smells incredible.  Hope you'll have a chance to try it this week!

www.veggieplanet.net, Ellen is a good egg, and this time the animals benefit!, We love this quote - - good thought to start off the week.  

Happy Monday!, Today's BRUNCH Specials:

Omelet: Kale, Goat Cheese, Caramelized Onions, and Marinated Tomatoes

Waffle: "Strawberry Shortcake Waffle". Vanilla Waffle topped with Fresh Strawberries and Whipped Cream.

***BRUNCH is served from 11:00 a.m. - 3:00 p.m. today.  See full menu, including our awesome Breakfast Pizzas here: http://www.veggieplanet.net/menu/vpbrunch.pdf ***

www.veggieplanet.net, Although the Brattle Theatre's "Academy Award Ceremony Viewing" is now officially closed for RSVPs, it looks as though there are still a limited number of places open for their "Pre-Party".  Click on the link to make a donation and secure a spot at the party.

It's a great way to support this wonderful Cambridge institution and get into the spirit of Oscar night.  (Then go home and curl up on your couch to watch the ceremony!)  

We can assure you that there will be some vegetarian food at the party!

www.veggieplanet.net
, This Sweet Potato Carrot Cake (vegan) just arrived from Veggie Galaxy's vegan bakery! 
Available by the slice to eat here or take out. 
Happy Weekend!
www.veggieplanet.net, A huge Caesar Salad, a platter of  Brownies and a Peach Crumb Cake  going to an office party today!  (Not shown are a couple big hot pans of our Peanut Curry on Coconut Rice and our Henry's Lunch on Brown Rice.). Hope the office - at a local University - will enjoy it all!
#yumyum #yeswecandothat #officeparty #catering
www.veggie, New SOUP and SALAD specials, available for about a week!

SOUP: Sweet Potato Chipotle Sage (nice and creamy, but #Vegan!)

SALAD: Cucumbers, Carrots, Alfalfa Sprouts, Romaine, Avocado, Pumpkin Seeds and a Tomato Vinaigrette dressing

Get them separate (full portions), or get a Soup and Salad combo.  Served with our organic flatbread.
www.veggieplanet.net, New SPECIAL PIZZA! (Also available served over Brown Rice or Coconut Rice instead of on pizza dough)

It's got house-made Tempeh Sausage (so this Special pizza/rice dish is NOT gluten-free), Fennel-Leek Puree, Roasted Red Peppers, Portabellas, Mozzarella & Asiago.

***VEGANS - ask for Daiya Mozzarella and no Asiago, or substitute our  house-made Tofu-Basil Mash.  We're always happy to do it! #vegan, Thanks for your understanding yesterday as we closed for part of the afternoon (except for takeout) for some staff training. 
 
Many thanks also to Server Manager EMILY, who put together a great afternoon of Customer Service exercises and sharing opportunities for the serving staff, and to ADAM P. for bringing some warm Reuben sandwiches and vegan cookies from Veggie Galaxy (and to MADDIE in our own kitchen for quickly making us some vegan pizzas so everyone could partake).

Back to  normal hours today!

www.veggieplanet.net, In order to serve you better (LITERALLY), we will be offering takeout ONLY from 2:15 - 5:00 p.m. this afternoon (Monday).

Our Servers will be holding a training meeting in our main room during that time, sharing ideas and practicing ways to serve our customers even better.  We hope that the temporary inconvenience of the VP dining room being closed for a couple hours today will be outweighed by the wonderful service you can expect going forward!
Thanks for your understanding.
www.veggieplanet.net  #servicewithasmile, Brunch is served!  Our specials this morning are:

OMELET: Ricotta, Red Peppers and Caramelized Onions
WAFFLE: Pecan Waffles with Avocado and Chipotle Maple Syrup

Serving brunch until 3:00 p.m.  See our brunch menu here: http://www.veggieplanet.net/menu/vpbrunch.pdf

www.veggieplanet.net, Soup, beautiful Soup!
Starting today we have Tomato Black-Eyed Peas for you. Comes with a nice slice of our flatbread., We caught Matthew in the kitchen the other day, prepping tomatoes with a smile - - long before we opened for lunch. 
 
We couldn't make our Oddlot, Safe & Sound, Open-Faced Grilled Cheese, Hummus, Buffalo Tofu or Tapenade Pesto pizzas without this important ingredient! 

Thanks for all your hard work Matthew!
www.veggieplanet.net, NEW SPECIAL PIZZA: Yellow Curry, Sweet Potatoes, Broccoli, Chickpeas and Peanuts.  
Yes it is VEGAN, and it can be served on our Flatbread Pizza dough (as shown here) or over either Coconut Rice or Brown Rice.  You choose!
www.veggieplanet.net, Want to sing and dance like Beyoncé ?  It's got something to do with a KALE shirt. :-), Maddie is usually on the other side of the counter, preparing your food, but before we open our doors she's busy lining up menus, adjusting the music and waking up our POS system (cash register).  
Do say hello to Maddie the next time you come in for lunch!

www.veggieplanet.net, The BUGS BUNNY FILM FESTIVAL is happening today, just a block away from Veggie Planet.
It's a great Brattle Theatre /Harvard Square tradition.  Bring the kids, your family or friends and swing by Veggie Planet for a meal before or after the movies!  A great mid-winter day out.
www.veggieplanet.net, Serving up BRUNCH today from 11 - 3, with live Classical Guitar music from 12 - 2.  Full brunch menu and always a special waffle and special omelet.
TODAY'S WAFFLE: Orange Waffle with Strawberry-Basil topping, served with Real Maple Syrup and our yummy home-fries
TODAY'S OMELET: Spinach, Feta, Artichokes, Marinated Tomatoes and Red Onion . You get home-fries with this too. :-)

www.veggieplanet.net, Stop in before the next snowstorm starts (they're saying late afternoon for Cambridge) and pick up a container of our THAI VEGETABLE SOUP.  Maybe a big serving of our PEANUT UDON NOODLE SALAD to go with it - - it's chock full of good veggies.
Call your order in to save time: (617) 661-1513.  Or come out for lunch before the storm!
www.veggieplanet.net, Happy Valentine's Day to all our wonderful customers and staff.  We appreciate you every day.  
Hope you'll enjoy this Popeye cartoon...never know what will happen when you eat your spinach!, Nice to look at something green and growing on a snowy day like today., Three new SPECIALS today!

PIZZA/RICE DISH: Lemon-Garlic Ricotta, Caramelized Onions, Mushrooms, Radicchio and Mozzarella (or Daiya vegan Mozzarella)
SOUP: Thai Vegetable
SALAD: Romaine, Kale, Red Peppers, Black-Eyed Peas, Olives, Red Onions, Cilantro dressing

www.veggieplanet.net, John Lennon's "Imagine", made into a comic.  Inspired., We're back on Twitter!
Please follow us on our NEW handle: @VeggiePlanetMA 

Our previous Twitter handle (@veggieplanetHSQ) is unfortunately defunct.  We're not able to access it and Twitter is not willing to just delete that account. If anyone has any suggestions for getting rid of the old account, we would love to hear them.

Thanks for being part of the Veggie Planet community!, Here's a peek at yesterday's brunch at Veggie Planet.  Hope you can join us next weekend for good food, good music and good conversation.
www.veggieplanet.net, Brunch is served until 3:00 this afternoon! Live music (classical guitar) until 2:00.

www.veggieplanet.net, 'Tis the season...  Everyone is sneezing and coughing and you're bound to catch a cold before February is over.  Fight the good fight by eating plenty of winter veggies!

www.veggieplanet.net, Now that's a bowl of SOUP. Feast your eyes on this Minnestrone. 
And then come get some!!
Call (617) 661-1513 for take-out. 
www..veggieplanet.net, Showing our current Special Salad and Special Pizza as a LUNCH SPECIAL "Small Pizza with Salad Combo".  Just the right amount of each for a good lunch.
(You can also get either one separately, of course, as a full portion.)

The Salad: Romaine, Field Greens, Carrot, Celery, Red Onion, Vegan Ranch dressing, and Buffalo Tempeh
The Pizza: Artichokes, Roasted Kale, Red Peppers, Caramelized Onions, Goat Cheese and Cheddar (or substitute Daiya or our Tofu-Basil mash for non-dairy/vegan version)

www.veggieplanet.net, If you've been to Veggie Planet recently you may have felt eyes following you as you walked down the steps to the restaurant...
Someone has vandalized our Veggie Planet tent sign at the top of the steps by sticking two "googly eyes" on the tomato logo.

We're definitely not in favor of vandalism (it happens so much in Harvard Square and costs all of us merchants real money to deal with it), but we have to say this is kind of cute. :-), It's a white sky in Cambridge, MA this morning and the snow is coming down fast.
Duck into our cozy subterranean space for some Hot Chocolate, Equal Exchange Coffee, MEM Tea or Soup.  It's easier to appreciate the beauty of the snow when you're toasty warm!
www.veggieplanet.net, A rich and delicious new Special Pizza debuted today:

Artichokes, Roasted Kale, Red Peppers, Caramelized Onions, Goat Cheese and Cheddar (or substitute Daiya or our Tofu-Basil mash for non-dairy/vegan version).

Enjoy the photo even if you're far away from Cambridge!
www.veggieplanet.net, We got just enough snow yesterday to frost our vegetable signs!  It's still nice and cozy inside. :-)
www.veggieplanet.net, If you've ever noticed a New York Times folded neatly and placed by the door at Veggie Planet (next to the takeout menus), it's been left there for anyone who wants to read it next. 
Thanks to Barry, a regular VP customer, for sharing!
www.veggieplanet.net, We only make our TOFU SCRAMBLE on Sundays, but you can order it for takeout today (617-661-1513) and enjoy it at home later on, while watching, oh, say some sporting event on TV.

***We will only be seating in our main dining room until 2:00 this afternoon (for BRUNCH), due to a private party being held there.  We'll be serving brunch until 3:00 as usual, but after 2:00 there will only be seating in our front area, near the kitchen.***
www.veggieplanet.net, When the strollers outnumber the bikes at Veggie Planet you know that Club Passim is having a family/kids' show.  That's the case this morning, as Wayne Potash will be performing in the main room/dining room at 10:30 a.m. (http://passim.org/club/wayne-potash-1)
The show should last about an hour, and we'll be serving lunch afterwards as soon as we can zip around the room & pick up all the Cheerios :-).
www.veggieplanet.net, A new SPECIAL SALAD for you.  Get some GREENS in you before the weekend!
Romaine, Arugula, Beets, house-made Candied Walnuts, Goat Cheese (or sub Daiya or our tofu-basil mash), Caramelized Balsamic dressing.
#fiber  #vegetarian  #salad  #Boston  #Cambridge
www.veggieplanet.net, "Good manners: The noise you don't make when you're eating soup." (Our new Vegan "Cream" of Broccoli in this case)
 - Bennett Cerf, Thanks Arlo, for finding the perfect words.
#PeteSeeger, NEW special pizza starts tonight. 
Can't decide if you want a falafel or a pizza?  You can have them both!
Our new pizza is a "Deconstructed Falafel": Chickpea mash, Red Onion, sliced Tomatoes, Arugula, Chelsea's special Pickles, and Tahini. 
(Someone just bought this one right out from under the camera - it looks THAT tempting)., Love this! We're all having a thing with Cauliflower it seems :-) ., Have we got yummy Brunch specials for you on this cold and windy morning!

WAFFLE: Chocolate Banana with Walnuts (comes w/home-fries)
OMELET: Asparagus, Mixed Peppers, Caramelized Onions and Cheddar Cheese (comes w/home-fries)
...and you can order a side of TEMPEH BACON to go with anything.

Come on in and join us - - it's cozy in here!
#brunch #vegeterian   www.veggieplanet.net, This Vegan CHOCOLATE MALT CAKE just arrived from Veggie Galaxy's vegan bakery.  You can get it by the slice to eat here or take out - - yum!
www.veggieplanet.net, We think this is an excellent suggestion.  
Is there someone you could make happy by bringing them a Veggie Planet pizza today?
We're here prepping ingredients so we'll be ready to make YOU happy when we open this morning at 11:30.  Have a good weekend!
www.veggieplanet.net, Happy to give a shout-out to another locally-owned business, via Cambridge Local First.  $4.75 movies every Tuesday at Apple Cinemas (in the Fresh Pond shopping center) sounds great to us!

www.veggieplanet.net, Our new SPECIAL PIZZA has some tastes of the islands (tropical that is, not Martha's Vineyard or Nantucket...).

The pizza has Ginger-marinated Tempeh,  Bok Choy sauteed with Shallots and Red Peppers, Coconut Rice (yes, on pizza) and fresh Cilantro.  Colorful, exotic and tasty, on pizza dough or as a rice dish.

Starts today!
www.veggieplanet.net, A NEW warm and nourishing winter Soup and a NEW crunchy, fresh Salad for you.
SOUP: Curried Lentil with Collard Greens & Yams
SALAD: Romaine, Green Cabbage, Pink Lady Apples, Chives and Pecans, with a Caraway dressing

We'll be happy to pack these into containers for you to take home for dinner.  Give us a call at (617) 661-1513 and we'll have it ready when you get here!

www.veggieplanet.net, Club Passim has cancelled their show for tonight, so we have the dining room again if you want to come down with a bunch of friends and talk loud!
We do plan to close early, so best to get here before 8:00 p.m. to be sure we're here to feed you.  
Walk/drive/bike carefully out there and enjoy the pretty snow!, Try a nice warm BBQ Tofu Pizza today and forget about the cold weather!

Barbecued Tofu, Caramelized Onions, Broccoli and Cheddar Cheese (or substitute Daiya or our Tofu-Basil Mash)., Learn about this wonderful Cambridge organization that is carrying on the work of MLK every day in our community.  They put into action his famous quote: 
"Life's most persistent and urgent question is what are you doing for others?"
http://manyhelpinghands365.org/, Our Cooks popped out of the Kitchen this morning to show off their Brunch Specials:
TANNER is holding the special WAFFLE: Blueberry Strawberry Cornmeal, and 
CHELSEA is presenting the special OMELET: Fava Beans, Red Onions, Marinated Tomatoes, Feta and Spinach
Both come with our awesome home-fries.

Brunch runs from 11:00 a.m. - 3:00 p.m.
www.veggieplanet.net, Happy WINNIE THE POOH Day! It's the birthday of author A.A. Milne, and in celebration we thought we'd share our favorite Winnie the Pooh quote:

“It is more fun to talk with someone who doesn't use long, difficult words but rather short, easy words like "What about lunch?” 
― A.A. Milne, Winnie-the-Pooh
(thanks to themombot.com for the picture)

What's your favorite Winnie the Pooh quote?, Tonight is the night to come in for dinner and/or a drink at Veggie Planet!  Due to Club Passim having no show scheduled for this evening, the main dining room is available for Veggie Planet customers. Bring a group - - we'll push tables together for you.

In case you didn't realize that we offer beer and wine, here's a link to our BAR MENU: http://www.veggieplanet.net/menu/vpbar.jpg  Nice to be able to have a beer or glass of Prosecco with your Mac 'n Cheese or Pizza (Mexican Bean Pizza shown here) on a cold Friday night!

Hope to see you this evening.
www.veggieplanet.net, If only they didn't get squished so easily on the way to work! Anybody have a good solution to that problem?, Two announcements:
1. This week's specials are out, and they look great. Hope you will give them a try.  
2. Tomorrow evening there is no Club Passim show, so grab your friends and come on in and spread out in the big room!

PIZZA: Mushroom-Seitan "Meat sauce", Feta, shaved Zucchini, Olives, Fresh Oregano
SOUP: Potato, Carrot & Dill
SALAD: Romaine Lettuce, Blood Oranges, Chives, Pumpkin Seeds, Lemon-Tahini dressing
www.veggieplanet.net, Food for thought., Here's our "Unsafe & Sound" entree, shown over Brown Rice and on our flatbread Pizza Dough. Have it your way!
Fresh marinated Tomatoes, sliced Mozzarella (or Daiya mozzarella), Asiago cheese (or omit) and Spinach, topped with Basil, fried Garlic and Hot Chili Sauce.
(Both photos by Rachel Cournoyer), Just love these photos in the current Club Passim art exhibit. 
Having the beauty and spirit of Joan Baez (photo by Don West) and Odetta (photo by Jayne Toohey) presiding over the Veggie Planet dining room is so inspiring and peaceful. 
Did you know that both of these amazing musicians have performed in this very room?
www.veggieplanet.net, BRUNCH is served!

The Omelet today is Red Peppers, Artichoke, Caramelized Onion and Cheddar Cheese (or substitute vegan cheese). We broke it in half to show you all the yummy stuff inside!
Our special Waffle today is Blackberry Crumble with Vanilla Ice Cream (vegan ice cream available).
#brunch, Thanks to the Huffington Post for this fun list.  Some will make you smile and you might even learn something.  We're partial to #4 and #9 ourselves...
 #vegetarian 
www.veggieplanet.net, So great to see that so many good minds are working on food and sustainability issues!
#food #health, A gorgeous new Soup and Salad today (actually started yesterday, for those of you who may have tried them already and are saying "huh"?).
SOUP: Tomato Lentil with Pesto
SALAD: Romaine, Chickpeas, Haricots Verts, Grape Tomatoes, Red Onion, Chopped Almonds and a Basil Dressing
Remember, you can try them both together at lunch as our Soup/Salad Combo!
www.veggieplanet.net, New Special Pizza is out, and it sure hits the spot today. 
Cauliflower, Roasted Garlic Spread, Broccoli, Silver Dollar Mushrooms, Cabot Cheddar, Mozzarella and Basil. Also available over Coconut Rice or Brown Rice.  #vegetarian, With all the bikes outside Veggie Planet every day, we thought some of you might be interested in this.  
Would you use these gloves? #bicycle #cycling, Did you make any New Year's resolutions?  
If eating more veggies was one of them, we can help! 
Our weekly "special salad" and "special soup" are always vegan and filled with veggies, and piling veggies on pizza or rice is an easy and yummy way to get your recommended daily requirement. You can do it! #vegan #vegetarian, Brunch is served!  11:00 - 3:00 today and every Sunday.
Shown here: EGGS BENEDICT breakfast pizza, BANANA-APPLE breakfast pizza (Vegan), and a BELLINI and a MIMOSA.
Here's our Brunch menu: http://www.veggieplanet.net/menu/vpbrunch.pdf
#brunch #vegetarian #vegan, It's a good day to read a book.  
If you're heading to the library or a local bookstore today, call us with a take-out order for some hot soup or for one of our combos over rice or on pizza (617-661-1513).  
When you get home, find a comfy chair and curl up with your book and your good lunch/dinner from Veggie Planet! #thegoodlife #warm, No school today? Don't have to go to work? Got yourself all shoveled out?
We will be open our regular hours (11:30 - 10:30) and would just love to make you some warm and nourishing lunch. (Twin Grilled Cheese Pizzas shown here.)
#OpenInBOS #MAsnow, We will be OPEN this evening until 8:00 p.m.

IF the MBTA closes before that, we will close when they do (but we are sure hoping that they stay open).

Come on in and warm up with us - - we have the run of the place tonight (no Club Passim show)!
#MAsnow, Club Passim, with whom we share this cozy basement space, has cancelled their show for this evening due to the snowy weather.
That means that if you'd like to come in for dinner at Veggie Planet tonight you'll be able to sit in the main (much larger) room, in real chairs.  Come in and try our new Special "Loaded Baked Potato" pizza, or hunker down with some warming Mac 'n Cheese, or just grab a big container of Soup to take home with you.

Our plan right now is to be open until about 8:00 tonight (assuming the "T" is still running, so our staff can get home).  We will make an official closing announcement here on Facebook later in the day, but since Facebook's distribution algorithm prevents MANY of our Facebook followers from seeing our daily posts, your best bet is to give us a call at (617) 661-1513 to check before putting your boots on.

Enjoy the beauty of the snow, but be careful out there., HAPPY NEW YEAR! We hope that 2014 will bring you good health and much happiness.  
We'll be opening at 4:00 p.m. today, as Club Passim has a 5:00 show.
New year, new pizza!  Our brand-new special is a "LOADED BAKED POTATO" pizza: Mashed potatoes, Broccoli, Cheddar (or sub vegan Daiya), Tempeh Bacon, Vegan Sour Cream, Scallions., FIRST - Please do stop in at Veggie Planet tonight for a quick bite before heading out to your New Year's Eve festivities.  It's good to have good food in your tummy!
SECOND - Here are some of our favorite "Special Pizzas" from 2013.  "Like" or Comment on the ones you liked the best, and maybe we'll do a re-run of a few in 2014! 
THIRD, BUT FIRST IN OUR HEARTS - Thank you so much for your business and your friendship in 2013., null, You may already know Adam, as he's been serving our customers at Veggie Planet for a few months now.  We are so happy to have him with us and wanted to give him an official introduction.

It's hard to miss Adam, as he's usually the tallest person in the room.  His favorite item on the menu is the "Henry's Dinner" pizza.  
Please say hi the next time you see him, and tell him you saw him on Facebook (he has a wonderful smile)!, Good morning!
Consider venturing out for brunch before the rain comes...our special Waffle and Omelet are definitely worth it.

It's a Pecan WAFFLE with Rum Raisin and Apples, topped with Maple Whipped Cream.  The OMELET is filled with Roasted Brussels Sprouts, Endive, Caramelized Onions and Goat Cheese with rosemary and tarragon., If you're looking for someplace to have dinner on New Year's Eve, please consider joining us at our sister restaurant, VEGGIE GALAXY, in Cambridge's Central Square.

For the second year in a row, we'll be turning this vegetarian diner into a "FINER DINER", serving a delicious menu of vegetarian/vegan delights, along with complimentary champagne or sparkling cider. 

Desserts have now been announced, and they are: Passionfruit Lime Cheesecake with Fresh Fruit or Chocolate Cheesecake with an Espresso Glaze and Cinnamon Whipped Cream, in Oreo Crust.

We strongly recommend making a reservation: just call (617) 497-1513 or stop in at Veggie Galaxy, 450 Mass. Ave., Cambridge. Hope you can join us!, This was surprising news to us, so we thought we'd pass it along., We open at 5:00 this afternoon, and we've got New Pizza and Salad Specials for you!

PIZZA: Warm Quinoa Salad (quinoa, cranberries, kale, carrots, scallions, tomatoes, lemon) & Feta Cheese, topped with Mint Oil and Almonds

SALAD: Romaine, Watercress, Arugula, Watermelon Radish, Carrots, Sesame Seeds & Japanese Ginger dressing, We still have some excellent independent bookstores in Harvard Square; selling new, used and rare books, and we want to keep them here for a long time! Here are some last-minute book gift ideas that will fit practically anyone on your list.

We'll be open REGULAR HOURS today (Club Passim has a show tonight) and will be closed on CHRISTMAS DAY.  We'll open at 5:00 p.m. the DAY AFTER CHRISTMAS.
Warm wishes from all of us here for a Merry Christmas if you celebrate it., Whether you're vegan yourself, have a vegan friend or family member to cook/bake for or are just interested in some good Christmas recipes; we thought these looked great! #vegan, We're serving Brunch until 3:00 today; come on down!

OMELET: Broccolini, cheddar cheese, maple marinated Tempeh, tomatoes and tarragon
WAFFLE: Gingerbread waffle with gumdrop topping and peppermint glaze (yes really!)

...and as always, both come with our amazing chunky homefries., Stop in for a nice bowl of soup, a salad or a delicious pizza to get you through your busy Saturday! Or a glass of wine or beer when you're finished. #takesometimeforyourself #nourish, You may have noticed this vibrantly painted table, decorated with a blue background and a colorful butterfly, in our dining room (which becomes Club Passim's concert seating in the evening).
The table was painted as a memorial to a beloved local storyteller, poet and regular audience member named "Brother Blue" who died in 2009. He was a storyteller and unique individual, and we all miss him.  
Read more about his incredible life here: http://www.brotherblue.com/ and here http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brother_Blue, This is our "TRADITIONAL" pizza.  It's even safer than our "Safe & Sound" Pizza. So if you bring an unadventurous-eater-friend with you to Veggie Planet, this is the pizza to recommend!

TRADITIONAL PIZZA: House-made Marinara and Mozzarella (or substitute Daiya vegan cheese), Hee hee hee , Today looks like a great day for a nap (after you come to Veggie Planet brunch of course!)., So simple and so festive for your holiday dessert table! Vegan whipped cream makes it something everyone can enjoy., Two delicious new specials for you to try:
One hearty Soup (Spicy Tomato Chickpea) and one exotic Pizza/rice combo, shown here on our Coconut Rice.  
Pizza/Rice combo: Red Curry Sauce, Bell Peppers, Sweet Potatoes, Roasted Tofu & Red Onions, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aEi_4Cyx4Uw

Good luck with finals, to our Harvard student neighbors and to all the college students in the area!, Sometimes Hot Chocolate and Cookies are just what you need.  We've got both (Veggie Galaxy's vegan Taza Chocolate Chip cookie - available at Veggie Planet -  shown here) for you.
Have a warm day., Plan now to come see this colorful event on Sunday morning at 11:30...and then scoot inside and warm up at Veggie Planet's Sunday brunch (11:00 - 3:00)! Fun for the whole family., Even on a cold morning like this!, Featuring our special Omelet and Waffle of the day, Somebody on your holiday shopping list would love a Veggie Planet t-shirt..., Oh boy do we wish we had a greenhouse like this. We would plant tomatoes.

If you could plant only ONE vegetable/fruit in a greenhouse this winter, what would it be?, Our new weekly SPECIAL PIZZA is a "SEITAN CHEESESTEAK" Pizza. It's pictured here with Daiya vegan cheese (traditionally served with Pepperjack Cheese, which is also available), Red and Green Bell Peppers, Red Onion,  Mushrooms and Seitan.
Happy weekend!, A warm and nourishing lunch for a rainy December Friday: our new weekly Soup and Salad specials are up.
Soup: Lemon Potato Leek
Salad: Romaine Lettuce, Arugula, Red Onion, Fava Beans and Yellow Cherry Tomatoes; with a Lemon Parsley dressing, Anybody know someone who can make this happen?  It would be so great to see the building (right around the corner from Veggie Planet) back in use!
(Thanks to Toscanini's for the heads-up.), Thanks Cambridge Naturals for this handy list of Winter Farmers Markets!, Still serving our "Thanksgiving Special" pizza this week (mashed potatoes, mushroom gravy, seitan, broccoli and cheddar cheese or vegan Daiya cheese), so if you've run out of leftovers, this can keep those flavors in your life awhile longer!
Help us design a new special pizza...what would you love to see on Veggie Planet's flatbread (or over rice)?, Not too hard to do when they taste so good!, Sunday Brunch runs from 11:00 - 3:00.  In addition to a regular list of enticing breakfast pizzas, there is a special omelet and special waffle each week., We're so fortunate to have great independent businesses here in Harvard Square.  Let's all do what we can to keep them thriving., We'll be opening at 5:00 p.m. today, just in time to serve you a nice glass of wine or beer., HAPPY THANKSGIVING!
We are closed today and on Friday will reopen at 5:00 p.m., for dinner., Presenting our Soup and Salad Specials for the week:
Soup: White Bean & Purple Sweet Potato, garnished with shredded Brussels Sprouts
Salad: Kale, Romaine, shredded Brussels Sprouts, Cranberries and Almonds, with a Citrusy-Ginger-Clove dressing

(P.S. We will be closed on Thanksgiving Day but open on Friday.), This works just as well if you substitute "we" for "women" and "guys"...because we're all guilty of shouting at the television once in awhile, right?, Are you one of those people who just can't wait till Thursday for your big Thanksgiving dinner? Well we've got something that might help you hang on a few more days.  
Come on in and try our THANKSGIVING SPECIAL atop our Flatbread Pizza Dough or over Brown Rice or Coconut Rice!  It has mashed potatoes, mushroom gravy, seitan, broccoli and cheddar cheese (or vegan Daiya cheese).
Gobble gobble., This sounds wonderful! Especially for those of us who were up late cheering the Patriots on  to their big WIN or out in the biting cold over the weekend. Give it a try! , Today's Brunch specials (11:00 - 3:00):

Omelet - spaghetti squash, marinara and cheddar
Waffle: Peanut Butter and Cranberry, For those who don't follow our sister restaurant, Veggie Galaxy, on Facebook, we want to let you know that there will be lots of Vegan Pies for sale there on Tuesday and Wednesday next week.

Apple Crumb, Chocolate Cream, Pecan and Pumpkin pies will be available on a first-come first-served basis, starting at 11:00 a.m. on Tuesday and continuing all day and on Wednesday until the pies are sold out.

Veggie Galaxy is located at 450 Mass. Ave., near the Central Square stop on the Red Line., Interesting new diet pyramid from Oldways.  What do you think; does it look like the way you are eating?, Please give a warm welcome to Sez, one of our newest Servers at Veggie Planet. If you are a regular Saturday lunch-er here you may already recognize her.  Sez has been with us for about a month and we hope she's starting to feel right at home. We're glad to have her on our team!, Some might like to consider this, as an alternate way to celebrate Thanksgiving., Isn't this a beautiful (and colorful!) salad?  A joy to behold, and chock full of health-giving nutrients.
This week's special salad contains Romaine lettuce, Couscous, Tomatoes, Fennel, slivered Red Onion and Walnuts and has a light Lemon Tarragon Dressing., Today's Omelet is amazing.  It's got fingerling potatoes, red peppers, cheddar cheese (or substitute Daiya) and caramelized onions.  SO good!

Our Waffle today is Cinnamon-Orange with a scrumptious Cranberry-Maple drizzle (upon which you are certainly allowed to drizzle more of our 100% real maple syrup).

...and as if it wasn't hard enough to choose between those two items, we'll leave you with a photo of our EGGS FLORENTINE brunch pizza.  Now go put your shoes on!, This new special pizza is full of goodness.  It's got White Bean Puree, Kale, Portobellos, Asiago (or Daiya), and Fried Garlic.

We'll have this combo just for the next week, so be sure to get it while it's here (on either pizza dough, brown rice or coconut rice).
#whatveganseat #vegetarian #HarvardSquare, Got lunch plans yet?

We've got a new SOUP today; a warming Sweet Potato Chipotle Sage.  Enjoy it here or take a container home!, Someone turned this Brattle Street pole into a work of art. Love it!, Think this could work here in Boston?, Think VEGGIE PLANET TAKEOUT on cold nights like the ones we're having this week!  Just call us at (617) 661-1513 before you leave work, and then stop in here and pick up your dinner.
Imagine getting home and warming up this baby (our Mexican Bean  Pizza) instead of opening a can of soup or having a PB&J again..., We are open today from 11:30 a.m. to 10:30 p.m.
We've got the whole space for lunch, so if you're only usually able to come to Veggie Planet at night (for our "cozy" front room seating), come on in for lunch and enjoy the room!, Brunch specials! One hearty and autumnal; one absolutely decadent.  You choose.

OMELET: Portobello Mushrooms, Goat Cheese, Caramelized Onions and Rosemary
WAFFLE: Banana Split Waffle! We start with a banana waffle and top it with banana slices, chocolate sauce, whipped cream and a maraschino cherry, How about coming out for Club Passim's TOM CHAPIN show here on Sunday evening? For those who don't know, we share this space with Club Passim and provide food and drink service table-side during their shows every evening.
Beautiful music and delicious food (and wine and beer) in this famous, intimate venue. A great way to wrap up your weekend!
Get your tickets at www.clubpassim.org ., What do you think about the Middle East's plans?, New soup this week: Curried Tomato-Chickpea

New soup quote this week: "Rock n' roll is dream soup, what's your brand?" - Patti Smith, New Special Pizza starting today!  Enjoy the bounty of the season, caramelized and charred just right on our flatbread pizza crust, or on Brown Rice or Coconut Rice.

Roasted Delicata Squash, Sauteed Swiss Chard, Tomatoes, Red Onion & Cheddar Cheese (or substitute Daiya vegan cheese)., Thanks to Veganizzm for sharing this quote by Cambridge's wonderful Julia Child., Taking this opportunity to remind you that Veggie Planet's mac and cheese isn't orange at all!  We use whole-wheat macaroni, real cheddar cheese, fresh tomatoes, broccoli and scallions. All real food.  Ate some last night, on a cold Cambridge evening, and it really hit the spot.  
Stop in after work and take some home with you!
(Don't forget to vote today.), null, Happy Meatless Monday!, Hope you enjoyed that extra hour of sleep! On this morning of Daylight Savings Time, we've got some brunch specials to haul you out of bed:

Waffle: Orange Cinnamon
Omelet: Black Bean, Tomato, Green Pea & Feta Cheese, Have you tried Spindrift Soda yet?  Veggie Planet carries several flavors of this fresh, fruit-based soda and sparkling water: Lemon, Tangerine and Grapefruit. It's really refreshing with our pizzas and salads!, Our Veggie Planet Facebook page has 1995 "likes"...which is SO close to 2000! 
 It would be fun to hit 2000 today, so if you know someone who'd enjoy seeing our posts and hearing about the new pizza/soup/salad specials each week, today is the day they should "Like" our page!
Free Veggie Planet t-shirt to the 2000th Veggie Planet page "like-r"!, The Veggie Planet staff all dressed up as mimes...and one as Waldo last night (can you find where Waldo is in this photo?).

Great job Emily, Daniel, Jamie and Ali!, HAPPY HALLOWEEN and CONGRATULATIONS to the BOSTON RED SOX!!!  It's a happy day in Boston today.

We've got a brand new SPECIAL PIZZA for you to try: 
Caramelized Onions, Green Beans, Fingerling Potatoes, Garlic Sauce (olive oil & garlic) and mozzarella cheese or Daiya vegan mozzarella.
This would be good over brown rice or coconut rice also - - try it and let us know what you think., It has been a beautiful October here in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Our new SOUP is an homage to New England Fall - - Butternut Squash Apple Spice soup topped with Pumpkin Seeds., Plan to get some good food in your belly before heading out to Halloween parties or home for trick-or-treaters on Thursday night!
We'll be open regular hours (till 10:30 p.m.)., It takes a LOT of Butternut Squash to make our popular "Henry's Lunch"/"Henry's Dinner" pizzas!  We roast the squash every day, and this time of year it is especially golden and beautiful.

The name of this pizza comes from the beloved cat of our founding chef Didi Emmons.  Henry was a big fat cat who thought he was a human, and when Didi was testing pizza recipes at home, he really loved this one!

Our "Henry's Lunch/Dinner" pizza/rice dish includes: Roasted Butternut Squash, Caramelized Onions, Rosemary, Sage, Asiago and Goat Cheese (or Daiya Vegan Cheese). Perfect for an Autumn day., Veggie Planet/Veggie Galaxy will be at the Boston Vegetarian Food Festival this weekend, so do stop by our table and say hello!, ...and it's on our Special Pizza this week!, We are huge fans of FOOD FOR FREE's work in our community. 

Check out their "Party Under the Harvest Moon" tomorrow evening (Friday, 10/25) -you'll find some Veggie Galaxy food on the menu!, Start thinking about lunch...

Soup of the Week: BLACK BEAN, topped with PepperJack cheese (or Daiya vegan cheese) and scallions
Salad of the Week: Romaine, Arugula, Pluots, Fennel and Pumpkin Seeds with a Basil dressing, New SPECIAL PIZZA for you to try this week!
Roasted Portobello Mushrooms, sauteed Spinach, herbed Goat Cheese & crispy Shallots.
You can opt to have this on either Brown Rice or Coconut Rice instead of on our Pizza crust, if you prefer. And you can substitute our house-made basil-tofu mash or Vegan Daiya cheese for the herbed Goat Cheese.
HAVE IT YOUR WAY :-) ., Sign of a busy lunch at Veggie Planet - - lots of bikes!, Eat seasonally!  Pretty easy to do this time of year; the farmers markets are overflowing with local bounty., Planning a trip soon?  Check out this class for some helpful tips for vegetarians/vegans!, Time for Brunch!

Specials today:
Waffle:  Mexican Chocolate
Omelet:  Portobello Mushrooms, Green Peppers, Mozzarella & Basil
#HOCR #HeadofTheCharles, When you've been out in the chilly Fall air all afternoon, nothing hits the spot like a hot pizza!  
Here's our Open-Faced Grilled Cheese pizza, with fresh tomatoes, scallions, broccoli and Cabot Vermont cheddar cheese, topped with basil.
#HeadofTheCharles #HOCR #HOTC #vegetarian #Boston, Veggie Galaxy vegan baked goods - - muffins and cookies - - now available at Veggie Planet!  We also always have a Veggie Galaxy cake in addition to our traditional (coffeecake-like) Veggie Planet cakes. Check our Specials board to see what the current cake is!, Welcome Head of the Charles participants!
We're located in the heart of Harvard Square, so come fuel up with us before or after your race.
Have a great Head of the Charles weekend - be fast and eat well! 
Check out our menu here: http://www.veggieplanet.net/menu.htm
#HOCR #HOTC #HeadOfTheCharles #rowers #vegetarian #vegan, Great article to share with your friends!  
(Apologies to those who also follow Veggie Galaxy's Facebook page, as you would have seen this there yesterday.), New Soup and Salad specials!

SOUP: Parsnip Potato Leek soup...thick and hearty
SALAD: Romaine, Watercress, sliced Bosc Pears, Red Onion, Cranberry dressing and Almonds, File away this idea for Halloween parties you may have coming up!, Hit up the farmers' markets this week for the best local apples.  Here are the best varieties for pies/baking, making applesauce and for fresh eating. Try a variety you've never tasted before!, Tubas, Euphoniums, Heliocons and Baritone Horns were ALL over Harvard Square yesterday!, Come on out to Oktoberfest in Harvard Square today, and stop in for brunch at Veggie Planet. Our waffle is a Carrot Cake Waffle (pictured), and our Omelette is Kale, Peas, Tomatoes, Red Onion and Cheddar - just chock full of good veggies!, New pizza/rice special, just in time for the weekend!
We're calling it a "VEGGIE BLT PIZZA": Tempeh Bacon, Spinach, Tomatoes, Cheddar, Roasted Garlic Aioli; but you might just call it delicious., We usually like to tell you about goings-on right here in Harvard Square, near Veggie Planet.  
The HONK festival is so big and so much fun that even though it's in Davis Square, we want to be sure you all know about it. 
 Friday and Saturday are mostly centered in and around Davis, but on Sunday afternoon all the musicians parade from Davis Square to Harvard Square and spill into the Oktoberfest here in Harvard Square.
Check out the HONK! website for all the details, and get out there and enjoy it this weekend!, For a change from pizza or salad, try a nice plateful of our Cold Peanut Noodles.  
Cold whole wheat udon noodles tossed with romaine lettuce , fresh tomatoes, broccoli , scallions, peanuts and a ginger-peanut dressing. You get a heaping plateful; enough to fill your belly and send you back out into the world with a smile on your face., We just got one of these beauties in from Veggie Galaxy - - it's their SWEET POTATO CARROT CAKE!
The cake layers are fragrant with Cardamon, Ginger and Orange and are chock full of housemade Sweet Potato Mash, fresh shredded Carrots and a bit of Roasted Beet for a pop of color.  They slather it with their classic (vegan) Cream Cheese frosting and garnish it with delicate leaves of dehydrated Beet, Carrot and Sweet Potato.
We always have a Veggie Galaxy cake here...this one is here until it's gone, so stop in and claim a slice for yourself!, A smile to start the work week off right.  For all who grew up with (or raised their children with) the Where's Waldo? books., Good morning!

Wake up with our special Waffle and/or special Omelet at brunch today (11:00 - 3:00).

Waffle: traditional waffle topped with Pineapple, Bananas and Strawberries
Omelet: Tomato, Spinach, Black Beans and Cheddar, There is no Club Passim show tonight, so Veggie Planet has THE WHOLE DINING ROOM!  

With Bogart playing at the Brattle Theatre this weekend, dinner at VP and a movie (or lunch at VP and an afternoon movie) sounds like a great way to spend this rainy day., New Soup and New Salad - hope you haven't had lunch yet!

Soup: Curried Lentil & Sweet Potato

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Red Cabbage, Tomatoes, Carrots, Quinoa, with a Lemon-Tahini dressing and Almonds, SPECIAL PIZZA!
Roasted Brussels Sprouts, Butternut Squash, Caramelized Onions & Vegan Cauliflower Alfredo Sauce, with or without Asiago Cheese.

You can tell Fall is here from this list of ingredients, even though this incredible warm weather is sending us scrambling to pull our sandals back out of the closet.  Enjoy it (the pizza and the weather)!, We're here early in the morning chopping and prepping so we'll be all ready for you when our doors open at 11:30 a.m. for lunch.  
Here Maddie is working on broccoli and mushrooms, and there's a whole box of tomatoes to get to next.  
See you soon!, Happy World Vegetarian Day!  It's the first day of "Vegetarian Awareness Month" also. 
Some interesting benefits of being vegetarian in this little article from our friends across the pond...some you may not have heard before!, One of our exclusive brunch pizzas:  the EGGS FLORENTINE PIZZA.
  
Farm-fresh eggs or tofu egg, with spinach and fresh tomatoes, topped with our vegan Hollandaise Sauce.

Available every week at our Sunday brunch, from 11:00 a.m. - 3:00 p.m.  Don't miss it!, So beautiful...and so yummy and so good for us.  We are so lucky to have vegetables as our raw materials!, Veggie Planet is proud to be on this list! Thanks Zagat and all our wonderful customers who have contributed reviews to Zagat., Hate making decisions? Get a "Double Header" pizza - - 2 pizzas in one!
Who can guess which 2 pizzas make up this Double Header? First to guess correctly gets a FREE pizza!, Let our Peanut Curry on Coconut Rice help you celebrate (or get through) hump day!  
This spicy/flavorful combo includes Broccoli and  house-made Thai peanut curry sauce topped with our famous fried tofu croutons and peanuts. Have it all over our own Coconut Rice OR let us put the whole thing (yep, including the rice) on our flatbread pizza dough.
It'll carry you through the rest of the day/evening., Oh, how things change!, The Cambridge Library (main location), at 449 Broadway, will be having a FREE screening of this amazing film on Wednesday, 9/25 at 6:30 p.m. in the lecture room.
It's a fundraiser for the Cambridge Weekend Food Backpack program, which sends 2 healthy breakfasts and lunches home with Cambridge schoolchildren each weekend (those whose primary source of nutrition is the school cafeteria)., Sunday Brunch is served!
Special Omelet: feta, button mushrooms, red onion and red pepper
Waffle: mixed berry (BLUEBERRIES! RASPBERRIES! BLACKBERRIES!), Smile - it's Saturday!, Whole lotta specials to tell you about:
Pizza/Rice dish: Sweet Potato Garam Masala w/Mint-Cilantro Chutney
Soup: Red Pepper, Tomato, Coconut-Basil 
Salad: still the same as last week & still delish (Romaine, Red Cabbage, Granny Smith Apples, Honey-Mustard dressing w/Candied Pepitas
Cake: Always a Veggie Planet traditional coffee-cake AND a luscious Veggie Galaxy cake...and both ALWAYS vegan

Hope to see you this weekend!, Don't forget to look up tonight (hopefully while carrying a delicious Veggie Planet pizza home for your dinner!)., Check out Marion Nestle's new book, "Eat Drink Vote"!, Some great kitchen tips here!, Today's Special Omelet!  Roasted tomatillo, red onion, goat cheese and mushrooms.

Did you know that ALL of our pizza/rice dishes can also be made as omelets every Sunday!?

Not in the mood for an omelet? Our special waffle today is Orange-Almond.  So come on down!, Looks like the cooler weather is headed back to us, so here's a warming Soup and nice crunchy Salad for you.
The Soup is JERUSALEM ARTICHOKE & FENNEL.
The Salad is Romaine, Red Cabbage, Granny Smith Apples and Candied Pumpkin Seeds, dressed with a creamy Honey Mustard dressing.
Now go find your sweaters!, Happy Friday!
Just to keep us in your thoughts as you plan your weekend, here's a photo of our luscious BANANA-APPLE PIZZA, which you can only get at our Sunday Brunch. 
It features Banana puree and sauteed Cinnamon Apples, and is topped with Sliced Bananas and a drizzle of REAL New England Maple Syrup.  Unbelievably delicious, and only $6.95!, Seen on a car in Harvard Square this week. :-), Feel free to grab a Cambridge Local First directory from our display...and check out our colorful ad!, Have you tried the TAPENADE PESTO PIZZA yet?
Olive tapenade, mozzarella (can use Daiya mozzarella), basil pesto and fresh marinated tomatoes. Ingredients that were born to go together!, Have a great Monday!
(...and by the way, Veggie Planet DOES make compost!), Time for Brunch!
Today's waffle is CINNAMON APPLE, served with homefries., With our limited storage space here at Veggie Planet, square tomatoes, onions, potatoes, butternut squash and mushrooms would be a big help!, The new SPECIAL PIZZA/RICE DISH is here!
It features Roasted Asparagus, Tomatoes, Toasted Pine Nuts & Almonds, Manchego & Asiago cheese (or make it VEGAN w/Daiya), and Dressed Arugula (dressed with balsamic vinegar & olive oil).
Yum yum yum!, Pretty cool!, Don't panic.  Seems like moderation is a pretty good idea though, as in most things., Sometimes a simple Open-Face Grilled Cheese Pizza hits the spot. 
Fresh tomatoes, scallions, broccoli and Cabot Vermont Cheddar Cheese topped with basil.  Feels like back-to-school!, As part of "The extension outside of the classroom", we're happy to welcome the new and returning Harvard students, and we look forward to keeping you well fed this year. Happy first day of the Fall Term!, Hope you all have had a good, relaxing Labor Day weekend.
We are OPEN today from 11:30 a.m. - 10:30 p.m., Featuring a tasty omelet and scrumptious waffles!, Here is some important info about what Club Passim's "Campfire"/Labor Day weekend means for VEGGIE PLANET:

1. Our kitchen will be open, cranking out yummy pizzas, salads and rice dishes from 11:30 a.m. - 10:30 p.m. Saturday, 11:00 a.m. - 10:30 p.m. Sunday and 11:30 a.m. - 10:30 p.m. on Monday. These are our normal hours.  Takeout is available, as always, during these times.
2. Veggie Planet customers must buy a ticket to Club Passim's Campfire if they want to eat in the main room this weekend, and it is a "listening room" environment.
3. There will be limited seating in the front lobby area all weekend., CLUB PASSIM "CAMPFIRE" POSTERS. To see lots more, go to http://passim.org/past-campfire-festival-programs, Club Passim's (the folk music club with whom we share our space) 15th ANNIVERSARY LABOR DAY CAMPFIRE this weekend. http://passim.org/15-anniversary-labor-day-campfire-schedule

It begins tomorrow - Saturday - at noon and continues until late Monday night. It's a fun scene, so come on down for some or all of it.

Thought you'd enjoy some old Club Passim "Campfire" posters! Were you there for any of these (album posting separately on our FB page)?, Today is one of those late-Summer days that can't seem to make up its mind whether to be Summery or to be Fall-ish.
On a day like this, do you feel more like a steaming bowl of soup or a nice cool salad? Maybe both?
Our SPECIAL SOUP is Swiss Chard, White Bean & Cabbage, and our SPECIAL SALAD is Romaine, Arugula, Summer Squash, Almonds, Carrots and Cilantro Dressing. Good luck deciding!, What do you think...is more than 1% of the human population vegan? , A big welcome to our newest Server - Jaimi! She was being trained Saturday night and should be on her own very soon.  Please say hello when you see her!, What a thought to start our week with!, New special pizza! Pear endive, goat cheese, walnut and red onion. Come to brunch and try it!, Come for brunch today from 11 to 3 pm and try a bite of this  blueberry waffle! Oh yes, and it's all vegan!, Beautiful!, IN CASE YOU DIDN'T GET THIS POST YESTERDAY (thanks to Facebook's mysterious distribution algorithm):

Club Passim will NOT be having a show tonight (SATURDAY NIGHT!), so the big room is all ours. AND THE PATIO!

If you've been wanting to go out to dinner at VP with a bunch of friends but didn't want to be squeezed into our usual evening smaller space, here's your opportunity!! Hope you can come in.

(This is our Buffalo Tofu Pizza, photographed by Rachel Cournoyer.), NEWS FLASH!!!
Club Passim will not be having a show tomorrow night (SATURDAY NIGHT!), so the big room is all ours.  AND THE PATIO!
If you've been wanting to go out to dinner at VP with a bunch of friends but didn't want to be squeezed into our usual evening smaller space, here's your opportunity!! Hope you can come in., It's a great day to hit the Farmers' Market at the Charles Hotel, just about a block from Veggie Planet! Open from noon - 6:00 p.m.

http://www.farmfresh.org/food/farmersmarkets_details.php?market=54, It's going to be hot today.  How about a nice cold LEMONADE or RASPBERRY LIME RICKEY?, This looks great - - save the date!, Happy Meatless Monday!  What are you eating today?, Brunch waffle! Cinnamon, nutmeg and clove. Oh and you can't even tell they're vegan., Brunch time!

Special entree served as an omelette! Tempeh sausage, house made fennel-leek sauce, roasted red pepper, mozzarella and asiago.

As delicious as it sounds., Members of Harvard's First Year Urban Program about to chow down on some of our pizzas before/after doing good deeds throughout the community.  Welcome to Cambridge!, Name that pizza!, Who's getting hungry?  It's almost lunchtime, and we have a great soup and salad special for you.  Have one or the other or have both!
The soup is our vegan BROCCOLI SOUP, and the salad includes Romaine Lettuce and Napa Cabbage, Jicama, Scallions, Carrots and Sesame Seeds and has a Viet-Ginger Dressing., Volunteer opportunity with the Boston Vegetarian Society this weekend! The weather is going to be perfect, so what a great way to spend a couple of hours.
--------------------------------------------
Can you help? BVS is exhibiting at Boston GreenFest this Friday & Saturday, Aug. 16 & 17, at Boston City Hall Plaza. Help us get the word out that NOT eating animal foods is the way to be "green!" We'll have veg starter kits, recipes, books, our Food Festival leaflets, and more. Write to info@bostonveg.org if you can pitch in!, Want to be a part of the Veggie Planet team?  We're currently looking for new servers!
Check out our Craigslist Posting below if you're interested:, Time for a new SPECIAL PIZZA/RICE DISH! Along with the description, we are sharing a linguistics lesson this morning.

The pizza/rice dish, debuting today, has Tempeh Sausage, Roasted Red Peppers, Fennel-Leek Sauce, PORTABELLA MUSHROOMS, Mozzarella and Asiago cheese (can substitute Daiya or our own basil-tofu mash). Sounds a little like early Fall, right?

But wait, is it "Portabella" mushrooms or "Portobello" mushrooms? In looking it up we learned a) that Portobello mushrooms were possibly named after London's Portobello Road, which is home to upscale shops, restaurants and a market, and b) that although both spellings are correctly used, "...the Mushroom Council has adopted the two "a" version to establish some consistency". 

We're using the Mushroom-Council-approved spelling so we don't mess with consistency. But either way, we can assure you that it tastes GREAT!, Our hydrangeas are in full bloom and looking amazing!
Thank you to Andrew Plummer, who keeps our patio and all these potted hydrangeas looking great., That's our friend Kristin, of "Will Travel for Vegan Food"!  Congratulations Kristin, on finishing your trip across the country eating vegan all the way. 
Check out some of these blogs - - these women are doing, and writing about, some interesting stuff., This is pretty dramatic! 
FYI, our takeout bags are compostable, and we sell reusable, "stuffable" Chico bags that say "Veggie Planet" on them. Just ask your server or at the register., Our awesome kitchen crew comes up with a new, yummy waffle every Sunday! 
Today's special waffle is cinnamon raisin!, We're supposed to have a low of 55 degrees here in Cambridge tonight - - just a nice little chill in the evening air.  
How about popping in later for some of our famous Mac & Cheese to bring outside to Palmer Street for the FREE FAMILY OCEAN MOVIE NIGHT at 7:30 tonight? Sure beats popcorn!
(R. Cournoyer photo)  http://www.harvardsquare.com/Home/News/Free-Family-Movie-Night-In-Harvard-Square.aspx, This is so cool!  Love to see it here in Cambridge., Lunch suggestion: Our Pizza-and-Salad lunch combo

This one includes a snappy, refreshing Caesar Salad (with the house-made tofu croutons that you love) and a perfect-sized (half) Buffalo Tofu Pizza: BBQ Tofu, Caramelized Onions, Broccoli and Cheddar Cheese (or Daiya or our house-made tofu/basil mash)...but you can pick any salad and any pizza.

Perfect for when you just can't choose between Pizza and Salad!, Our raw materials! Our special salads, soups and pizzas give us the opportunity to use lots of veggies. 
What's your favorite vegetable in a salad?, How do vegans drive?, SPECIAL PIZZA this week!
Mango Salsa, Feta Cheese (can be substituted for vegan choices), Tostones (green plantains), Black Beans and Cilantro Pesto.
Come and get it!, Jon poses with our delicious brunch special: an apple crumble waffle!!, Is it a Hummus Pizza kind of day today?
Ours features our Housemade Hummus, Red Onions, fresh Marinated Tomatoes, Feta and Kalamata Olives. It's GOOD!
(R. Cournoyer photo), Tonight we have open seating for dinner in Club Passim!  
Come on down!!, This is genius!, Not going to be happening at VEGGIE PLANET anytime soon, but this is an interesting concept!, Peach cobbler waffles by Ryoji and Joe!, Today's special creation! Thank you Laz!, Chelsea and Sadie made a gorgeous Portobello Redhead pizza for last week's photo shoot. 
Roasted Portobello Mushrooms, Caramelized Onions, Rosemary & Sage, smothered in Romesco (roasted red pepper & almond) sauce and topped with Feta cheese.
They'll be happy to make you one too!, A great story and metaphor.
(Thanks to Zahnerphoto, for sharing the pic.), Free outdoor movies about the ocean right outside VEGGIE PLANET'S door - could it get any better?
  Put these dates on your calendar...and you know where to get your refreshments!, A nice cold beer at VEGGIE PLANET from our local brewery CBC (CAMBRIDGE BREWING COMPANY) cuts through this humidity just fine.  
Hats off to our reliable delivery guy, keeping us supplied throughout the rainy days of June and the heat of July!, SOUP AND SPECIAL SALAD THIS WEEK
Soup: Chickpea Tomato 
Salad: Peaches, Tomatoes, Red Onion, Tofu-Cashew Mash, Baby Spinach, with a Lime Jalapeno dressing
Loving all the great seasonal produce in these specials!, Interesting ingredient...what would you invent with this?, Did you get all of these right? , Today's Waffle!
Chocolate Spice!, Fun with InstaCollage...  Yesterday's photo shoot and the aftermath!, FREE VEGGIE PLANET FOOD THIS MORNING before we open - first come, first served.
If you are in Harvard Square this morning and are up for some free food, come on in to Veggie Planet!  
We don't have room in the fridge for all the food we're making for the photo shoot once we've photographed it (with the thought of taking it home later) ...and it would be a shame to throw it away., We have a photo shoot going on here this morning (prior to our 11:30 opening!). The kitchen is here early, cranking out all of our pizzas and making them look as beautiful as possible. You'll see the photos soon, on our website, Facebook, and elsewhere in the social media universe.
I think I really could eat that salad at 9:20 a.m...., Our SPECIAL PIZZA looks like Summer on a Plate!
Hummus,  baby spinach,  tomatoes,  harissa and house made sour pickles ( served cold atop our baked flatbread crust)., Voting ends this Friday in the "Boston A-List Contest".  VEGGIE PLANET is nominated for "BEST VEGAN" restaurant, and we'd love your help to bring this award home. Thank you!

http://boston.cityvoter.com/best/food-in-boston, Human kindness, even during a heat wave (well, they were all in their air-conditioned cars, but still)., PHOTO CONTEST! 
Win 4 large Veggie Planet pizzas (or a whole Veggie Galaxy cake or pie - winner's choice)!
We're looking for a great new cover photo for our Facebook and Google+ pages. It should convey what we're all about; the spirit of Veggie Planet.
Details will be posted on our Veggie Galaxy blog (at www.veggiegalaxy.com) by the end of today.
Send photos to kathyveggieplanet@gmail.com by Friday, August 9., Banana nutmeg waffle!
Today's Brunch Special!, Today's Specials!, This takeout order was headed for a couple with a new baby. New parents have to be fed!, Another fun Cambridge party in the street!  
, Hoping that third time's the charm for Taste of Cambridge tonight!  We hear that the organizers have tents to cover the restaurant booths, just in case Mother Nature still doesn't want to cooperate.  Hope to see you there!
http://tasteofcambridge.com/, What better place to spend these hot summer evenings than at the movies?
If you picnic first with Veggie Planet take-out, you won't gorge yourself on popcorn!, Current SPECIAL ON BROWN RICE:
Roasted Tempeh, Corn Succotash, Collard Greens and a Vegan Cheese Sauce, Wow - this is a dramatic MUSICAL demonstration of the global warming trend.  Give it a listen., ...so VEGGIE PLANET would be the "Illegal Gods".  We'll have to remember that if we ever form a band.
What would your band's name be?, Q: How can I get me some delish Veggie Galaxy cake (always vegan) if I'm in Harvard Square?
A: Go to VEGGIE PLANET!  We carry one featured Veggie Galaxy cake at a time, in addition to our own house-made coffeecake!, VEGGIE PLANET will be closed tomorrow on July 4th, so that our staff can celebrate the Independence Day holiday.
Have fun and be safe!
(Boston Globe photo), You just have to take and submit a photo of your favorite restaurant or food.  
We're hoping to see a lot of you taking pics at Veggie Planet this week!, Perfect for this July weather - - lots of fresh veggies in our salads!, Q: How many vegetarians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A: I don't know, but where do you get your protein?, Today's waffle is soooo good!! Apricot fig!, HAPPY VEGAN PIZZA DAY! 
We don't know who invented it, but we're happy to help you celebrate!
This is our Vegan Oddlot pizza, but ALL of our pizzas can easily be made vegan for you.  Which is your personal favorite???, PIZZA! PIZZA!  PIZZA! The oven is (knock wood) fixed.

Thank you for your patience and hope to see you very soon!, Veggie Planet and Club Passim kicked off the Harvard Square Business Association's tour of Harvard Square restaurants for the Greater Boston Concierge Association this week.
A selection of fresh salads, cold beer and other beverages kept things nice and cool in our subterranean space on this hot afternoon!, Equality is a beautiful thing., Just by eating at Veggie Planet once in awhile, you're helping the (real) planet., Great article!
Anybody out there interested in writing a similar piece with a Boston focus (from the perspective of a carnivore dating/with a vegan or vegetarian) for our Veggie Planet/Veggie Galaxy newsletter? 
We would love lots of stories!
FB-message us or email kathyveggiegalaxy@gmail.com .

http://articles.philly.com/2013-06-23/news/40148367_1_vegan-tofu-peanut-butter, Introducing our brand new Veggie Planet/Veggie Galaxy gift cards! Now available at both restaurants and accepted at both. Ask your server or purchase at the register.
Summer birthday/anniversary folks, start dropping hints!, Today's Waffle:
Apple Stawberry Banana Orange!

Yum!, Our still relatively new pizza oven is down again and needs a replacement part that may take a few days to come in.  So we're improvising with a couple of portable pizza ovens and some calzone options!  Of course, everything is still available on brown rice and coconut rice as well!

Calzone Option 1: Roasted Tempeh, Green Peas, Rosemary Potatoes, Creamy Mustard Sauce & Cheddar

Calzone Option 2: Tofu Ricotta, Broccoli, Spinach, Daiya Mozzarella & Pesto (Vegan)

Calzone Option 3: Roasted Butternut Squash, Caramelized Onions, Goat Cheese, Asiago Cheese, Sage & Rosemary (Yes, that's our Henry in a calzone!)

All calzone options are served with a side of mixed greens & tomato vinaigrette., The rest of the world celebrates Fete de la Musique today, on the summer solstice, but here in Harvard Square the celebration will be tomorrow, on Saturday.  
Weather looks to be great - grab yourself some Veggie Planet takeout and find a shady place to sit and enjoy the music!
Oh, and don't forget to enjoy today too - - WELCOME SUMMER!, Our pizza oven is malfunctioning tonight, but we still have tasty rice dishes and salads galore!, Check out these funky new mirrors our friend Andrew installed on our patio yesterday! 
The patio stays nice and cool - - might want to build it into your weekend plans as the heat moves into Beantown., Our new SPECIAL PIZZA/RICE DISH!
Roasted tempeh, rosemary potatoes, "creamy" (vegan) mustard sauce, green peas, cheddar (or sub Daiya or tofu mash)...topped with crispy shallots
Tried it last night and it was GOOD! Come get yours..., Doesn't look like this flying tray is going to be putting our Veggie Planet servers out of work any time too soon.  The video shows it hardly getting off the ground (but what a cool idea!)., Dramatic. We need to figure out the bee problem., Strawberry basil waffles!!! Sam made them delicious!!!, Bring your family here for your family time on this family holiday!, Finally, a gorgeous day to enjoy our patio hideaway.  Come on over!, Rain rain go away...  
What are you doing on this rainy Friday, at the end of a very rainy week in Boston?

(Thanks to Cambridge Veterinary Care for sharing this post.), Say hello to Chelsea, our new kitchen manager! She's a former VP server, so she's checking out the view from the other side of the counter now. 
Congratulations Chelsea!, Yup, this is real...it's being tested in California apparently.  
Don't think we'll be adding it to the menu here at Veggie Planet...unless there is real customer demand? Ha!, It's lunchtime and we've got some nice hot MISO SOUP for you!, Hope you all had a restful weekend.  Have a good week!, Our new kitchen manager is off to a good start. :), Fresh peach waffles with coconut milk whipped cream and authentic maple syrup. Oh, and it's vegan., Sunday Brunch Specials!

Omelet: Red Peppers, Caramelized Onions, Spinach & Cheddar
Waffles: Peach
Coffee Cake: Barley Walnut Apple

We've also got our tofu scramble, breakfast pizzas and much other deliciousness!  See you soon!, SPECIAL PIZZA! 
Roasted tempeh, coconut rice, kale, and guacamole, topped with melted jack cheese (or Daiya vegan mozzarella) and drizzled with spicy chipotle vegan mayo. 
Come on in!, Recipe for a different kind of nourishment!, YUM!!, We've just learned that VEGGIE PLANET has been nominated for "Best Vegan" restaurant in their 2013 "Boston A-list" contest.  We know we're not 100% vegan, but it appears that most of the other nominees in this category are not either.
Voting is going on right now, at http://boston.cityvoter.com/best/food-in-boston .  We'd love to have your vote!, Apologies to our friends who "like" both Veggie Planet AND Veggie Galaxy Facebook pages (and thanks!), as this was yesterday's VG post.  We try not to duplicate, but this is just too good not to share with Veggie Planet's friends also., Good to know!, Specials!, Orange poppy seed waffles! These are as tasty as you think they are., Love the innocent face!  What's the worst thing your dog has gotten into?, What's your favorite tip on this list? We like #11. , Congratulations to all the Spring 2013 graduates, including those graduating today right here in our neighborhood. We have loved having you as part of our Veggie Planet family during your time in Cambridge - - come back and visit us sometime!, It was a sad day when the movie theater around the corner from Veggie Planet closed.  Who has some ideas for what the building could be used for now?, We couldn't have said it any sweller., Happy Memorial Day and wishes for peace in the world.

Yes, we are open today for takeout! For dine-in we have limited seating only in the front (kitchen) room due to Club Passim's "campfire" festival., Puppies!  Everybody, have a happy Sunday., Add spinach to any of our pizzas/rice dishes and grow strong like Popeye!, You all know that we share our space with the awesome folk music club, Club Passim, right?  

Well, this is Club Passim's "campfire" weekend (read all about it here on their website). That means non-stop music starting Friday night and ending in the wee hours of Monday night. It's a great time - - come by if you can! But if you just want VP food without buying a ticket to the show, here's the deal:

VEGGIE PLANET will be open our normal hours on Friday, Saturday and Monday, but there will be only limited dine-in seating, in the little kitchen area (unless you buy a ticket to the campfire concert being held in the big room). On Sunday we WILL have the use of the big room for brunch from 11:00 - 1:00. Once the music starts up at 1:00 though, we're back to just a few tables in the kitchen area.  Takeout always works though!, Indeed!, This honor-system table of books for sale has been making a daily appearance here in Harvard Square (on Brattle Street) for SEVEN YEARS.  Has anyone ever seen the person responsible for it? 
We haven't, but who knows, maybe that person is a Veggie Planet customer!, Don't panic - - this hasn't happened, it's just being talked about as a future possibility.  And here at Veggie Planet we get our bananas from Boston Organics., Help keep Cambridge strong by supporting our great small, local businesses!, Brunch is happening at Veggie Planet! Come see for yourself. Spoiler: the waffles are delicious..., Thought for the day -, Easy enough - who wants to eat that wax anyway? 

Have a great Saturday!, Some folks have us put romesco sauce on this pizza (or on this same combo on rice)...really punches up the already-great flavor.

  Name the pizza, and tell us how YOU like to modify one of our pizzas!, Hooray - the weekend is almost here!  Some fun FREE outdoors events going on in Somerville's Davis Square (PORCHFEST), Cambridge's Central Square (CENTRAL SQUARE WORLD'S FAIR...http://togetherboston.com/anotherworldsfair/), and at the Hatch Shell in Boston (EARTHFEST...http://www.myradio929.com/earthfest.aspx).  All happening on Saturday - - fingers crossed for sunshine!   
Enjoy, and we hope you'll fit Veggie Planet into your weekend schedule too!, More creepy food news.  Looks like if you buy organic baby carrots you're safer (or grow your own!)., Who knows where this is? It's right here in Harvard Square, and nobody mentioned it as a picnic spot last week.  Put your thinking caps on..., Have a great week!, Mother's Day Brunch Specials!

Pizza/Rice Entree: Onion, Pepper, Mushroom, Marinara & Asiago
Omelet: Roasted Leeks & Red Peppers with Asparagus & Asiago
Soup: Carrot-Red Lentil-Leek
Salad: Cabbage, Red Pepper, Broccoli & Cilantro-Ginger Dressing

and the sweet stuff!...
Waffle: Strawberry-Vanilla
Coffee Cake: Orange Lavendar
Muffins (courtesy of Veggie Galaxy): Coffee Cake or Blueberry

Enjoy!, Happy Mother's Day!

(thanks to VegTV for the photo), Check out this amazing crochet art installation in NYC's Madison Square Park.  After it's done there (September), it's coming to MA's deCordova Sculpture Park in Lincoln!, Happy weekend everyone!, What to Veggie Planet folks think about this?  Over on the Veggie Galaxy Facebook page there seem to be a lot of dog fans, and some who would rather have co-workers bring in their dog than their small children., Can't wait for those home-grown tomatoes! Think it's safe to plant them now, or do you still wait for Memorial Day weekend?, Where do you take your Veggie Planet takeout, on evenings when there's no place to sit in our little front area or it's too nice out to stay inside? 
We're putting together a list of "places to picnic close to Veggie Planet" and would love to hear your suggestions., Good food and good music go so well together here at Veggie Planet and Club Passim, that we weren't surprised at all to see Paul McCartney's daughter talking about the importance of good food in her family growing up. Enjoy the article!, Can't resist - - here's one more chalk drawing that we liked.  Trying to hold onto a little bit of the great weekend as we all head back to work!, A colorful chalk drawing at the Harvard Square Mayfair yesterday, on Church Street, just around the corner from Veggie Planet.  Hope some of you were able to get out and enjoy this terrific event!, How to have a lovely Sunday:

Step 1: Come to Harvard Sq

Step 2: Avail yourself to the many attractions of the Mayfair

Step 3: Eat delicious brunch at Veggie Planet

See you soon!
<3
VP, Current Specials!

Pizza/Rice Entree: Peppers, onions, mushrooms with marinara and asiago

Salad: Cabbage, Red Peppers, Sundried Tomato & Cilantro Ginger Dressing

Soup: Rosemary Leek Lentil

Dessert: Sweet Potato Carrot Cake (courtesy of Veggie Galaxy!), Just a quick heads up that we'll be closing from 3:30 to 5PM today for a staff meeting.  See you before or after!, Join us for brunch, we'll be turning out waffles and other goodies....

~Today’s Specials~

Pizza or Rice entree
Sundried Tomato, Fennel, Red Onion and Feta

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master)
Spinach, Caramelized Onion, Red Pepper and Goat Cheese

Waffle
Banana Walnut

Soup (vegan) 
Carrot-Orange Ginger

Salad
Apples, Broccoli, Peanuts, Green Cabbage & Vietnamese Chili Dressing

Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Banana Bread, MIT's Kappa Alpha Theta has organized a little fundraising effort. Have dinner at either Veggie Galaxy or Veggie Planet tonight and help contribute to a great cause..., On this Earth Day, help keep Greater Boston green by bringing your business to one of the 5% Earth Day participants!, Come in for Brunch, it's like our lunch but with omelets, mimosas, waffles and waitstaff....

~Today’s Specials~

Pizza or Rice entree
Sundried Tomato, Fennel, Red Onion and Feta

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master)
Asparagus, Cheddar, Tomato, and Portobello Mushroom

Waffle
Chocolate-Peanut Butter

Soup (vegan) 
Carrot-Orange Ginger

Salad
Apples, Broccoli, Peanuts, Quinoa & Vietnamese Chili Dressing

Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Cinnamon Streusel 

Dessert
Taza Chocolate Cake, Back to business tomorrow at 11AM!

Thanks to all of our brave law enforcement men and women who had one hell of a day!, Veggie Planet is closed until further notice.

Stay safe everyone!, Hoping you're all safe., A new special pizza/rice dish has begun:

Sundried Tomatoes, Feta, Fennel & Red Onion.  Come on down and give it a try!, Try our new soup! Orange carrot ginger!, Hello friends. We have a brand-new pizza/rice special! SMOKY SQUASH PUREE w/ BLACK BEANS, JACK CHEESE + BASIL! New soup and salad coming tomorrow-ish!, Come in before 3pm to try some of our delicious Specials:

Today’s Specials~

Pizza or Rice entree
Tofu, Mole Verde, Avocado-Lime Mash, Feta Cheese and Red Onions

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master)
Black Bean, Asparagus, Tomatoes and Cheddar

Waffle
Chocolate-Banana

Soup (vegan) 
Chili

Salad
Romaine, Radicchio, Zucchini, Broccoli, Walnuts, Sundried Tomato Vinaigrette

Coffee Cake
Lemon-Poppyseed
Layer Cake
Chocolate Malt, Hello friends. We have a new soup today. It is VEGGIE PLANET'S FAMOUS CHILI. Vegan, gluten-free, packed full of deep tomato and veggie flavors. Come on down!, Join us for yum yum brunch today here are our specials...

~Today’s Specials~

Pizza or Rice entree
Green Mole, Roasted Tofu, Red Onions, Avocado Lime Mash, and Feta

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master)
Butternut Squash, Leeks, Tomatoes and Goat Cheese

Waffle
Pumpkin Pie with Molasses Whipped cream

Soup (vegan) 
Potato Tomatillo

Salad
Romaine, Radicchio, Zuchinni, Broccoli, Walnuts, Sundried Tomatoes 

Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Chocolate Banana Bread

Dessert
Chocolate Peanut Butter, Check out our new special pizza launching tonight: Roasted Tofu, Mole Verde, Feta Cheese, Avocado-Lime mash...., Current Specials!

Pizza or Rice entree: Rhubarb, Goat Cheese, Carmelized Onions, and Walnuts

Soup: Thai Butternut

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Carrots, Daikon, Tomatillo Dressing, and Pumpkin Seeds

Coffee Cake: Walnut Banana Bread

Also, have you tried our new Buffalo Tofu Pizza yet!?, French Toast Waffles Today!!! Take a look at our other crazy creations...

~Today’s Specials~

Pizza or Rice entree
Rhubarb, Goat Cheese, Carmelized Onions, and Walnuts

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master)
Mushrooms, Spinach, Onions, Tomato Sauce and Mozzarella

Waffle
French Toast

Soup (vegan) 
Thai Butternut

Salad
Romaine, Baby Spinach, Carrots, Daikon, Tomatillo Dressing, and Pumpkin Seeds

Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Walnut Banana Bread –or-Cranberry Streusel

Dessert
Chocolate Malt Cake
Chocolate Chip & Cranberry Oatmeal Cookies, We're launching new Specials tomorrow! Check em' out....

Pizza or Rice: Rhubarb, Goat Cheese, Caramelized Onions, and Walnuts

Soup: Thai Butternut

Salad: Romaine, Carrots, Red Onions, Daikon Radish, and Tomatillo Dressing

Photos to follow...., Come in before 3pm to grab some of our yummy brunch specials!!!

Today’s Specials~

Pizza or Rice entree
Eggplant Masala with Spinach and Tomatoes

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master)
Spinach, Red Onion, Feta and Olives

Special Tofu Scramble
Florentine (Hollandaise, spinach, tomatoes and a side of Home Fries)

Waffle
Banana Chocolate

Soup (vegan) 
Thai Butternut Squash

Salad
Romaine, Fennel, Red Onion, Carrots, Baby Spinach, Lemon-Basil Dressing & Walnuts

Layer Cake
Peanut Butter Chocolate –or- Chocolate malt, Don't forget to "Spring Forward" and set your clocks ahead one hour before you go to bed tonight. Sure you might lose some sleep, but you can also get brunch an hour earlier!, Brunch is on!!!! Here are our Specials.....

Today’s Specials~

Pizza or Rice entree
Eggplant Masala with Spinach and Tomatoes

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master)
Kale, Red Onions, Tomatoes and Cheddar

Special Tofu Scramble
Florentine (Hollandaise, spinach, tomatoes and a side of Home Fries)

Waffle
Sweet Peach

Soup (vegan) 
Minestrone (with optional noodles)

Salad
Romaine, Frisee, Beets, Fennel, Lemon Basil Dressing topped with Cashews

Coffee Cake
Apple Chai Spice-or-Streusel with Cranberries
Layer Cake
Coconut Lemon Passion Fruit –or- Chocolate malt, Saturday Specials:

Pizza/Rice: Eggplant Garam Masala with Tomatoes & Spinach

Salad: Romaine, Frisee, Fennel, Beets, Lemon-Basil Dressing & Cashews

Soup: Minestrone (pasta optional), The Eggplant Garam Masala Special Pizza... because sometimes a picture is worth a thousand words., New specials, Current Specials!

Pizza/Rice: Ratatouille! (Zucchini, Squash, Eggplant, Onions & Tomato). 

Salad: Romaine, Arugula, Wild Rice, Quinoa, Tomatoes, Raisins, Walnuts & Lemon Parsley Dressing

Soup: Beet-Ginger Soup

Desserts (all vegan!): Orange-Almond Coffee Cake and lots of Veggie Galaxy baked goods!, New Special Pizza/Rice Entree:

Ratatouille! (Zucchini, Squash, Eggplant, Onions & Tomato). 

We also have some of Veggie Galaxy's Sweet Potato Carrot Cake in the house!, Hey everyone! Good to be back! Be careful out there!

SPECIALS!!
Pizza/Rice Entree: Chickpeas, Broccoli, Sweet Potato, Spicy Yellow Curry, Cilantro & Peanuts

Salad: Romaine, Arugula, Wild Rice-Quinoa mix, Tomatoes, Raisins, Lemon-Parsley Dressing and Walnts

Soup: Apple Butternut Squash Soup with Roasted Pumpkin Seeds

Sweets (Courtesy of Veggie Galaxy): Oatmeal Cranberry Walnut Cookies, Coffee Cake Muffins, and Blueberry Muffins, Veggie Planet is open. We've missed you!, The continued closure of the MBTA, lack of cars among our staff, and seeming impossibility of getting cabs caused us to remain closed last night. We remain closed for brunch today, hoping to open in time for the Club Passim shows this afternoon and tonight (assuming they're not canceled).  Check back for updates., Update on hours: current plan is to reopen at 5PM tonight., Quick heads up that we'll be closing at 2:30PM today, hoping to reopen for our normal business hours tomorrow.  Stay tuned for updates!, Somethings are Special, like Brunch at Veggie Planet. Here are a few 'special' items we're offering today to demonstrate why...

Baked Goods: Blueberry Muffins and Coffee Cake Muffins

Omelet: Bell Peppers, Red Onion, Spinach, Tomato and Feta

Pizza or Rice: Chickpeas, Broccoli, Sweet Potatoes, Spicy Yellow Curry, Cilantro and Peanuts

Waffle: Banana Walnut with Cinnamon and Nutmeg

Soup: Tomato Lentil with Pesto

Salad: Apples, Romaine, Arugula, Quinoa, Smoked Cilantro Dressing and Walnuts

Dessert: Taza Chocolate cake, Current Specials on this glorious Groundhog Day:

Pizza/Rice Entree: Chickpeas, Broccoli, Sweet Potato, Spicy Yellow Curry, Cilantro & Peanuts

Salad: Apples, Romaine, Arugula, Quinoa, Smoked Cilantro Dressing & Walnuts

Soup: Tomato Lentil Pesto

Sweets (Courtesy of Veggie Galaxy): Chocolate Chip Cookies, Oatmeal Cranberry Walnut Cookies, Coffee Cake Muffins, Blueberry Muffins, Taza Chocolate Malted Cake!!, Come here for brunch from 11-3! Here are just a few reasons:

Omelet: Asparagus, marinated tomatoes, mozzarella, and carmelized onions

Waffle: Orange Almond

Soup: Red Lentil- Tomato w/Basil Pesto

Salad: Apples, Romaine, Arugula, Quinoa, Smoked Cilantro Dressing and Walnuts

Pizza or Rice dish: Bok Choy, Red Pepper, Pineapple, in a Tamarind Sauce w/Tofu Mash and Cashews

NEW!!(Vegan) Desserts and Pastries from Veggie Galaxy:

Coffee Cake Muffin

Cake:
Peanut butter chocolate
Lemon Passionfruit

Cookies:
Chocolate Chip
Oatmeal Cranberry Walnut

Plus the new pizzas on our menu...., In the Veggie Planet neighborhood and can't get over to Central Square, but are craving some of Veggie Galaxy's delicious vegan baked goods?  In addition to the new pizzas on our menu, we've also now brought a piece of the Galaxy bakery over to Planet.  From now on, we'll be selling Veggie Galaxy cookies and muffins here.  In the evenings, we'll also be selling some of Veggie Galaxy's amazing cakes!, The day has finally arrived - our new pizzas are here!  The BBQ Tofu pizza is pictured below.  Also introduced today are the Buffalo Tofu pizza, the Tapenade Pesto pizza, the Hummus pizza and the traditional marinara/mozzarella pizza  (all available on rice too of course)., Can there be a better day for a hearty cabbage, kale, white bean soup!?, Check out these Brunch specials............

~Today’s Specials~

Pizza or Rice entree
Sautéed Ginger, Carrots and Zucchini; with Coconut Rice, Peanuts and Scallions

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master)
Red Pepper, Broccoli, Red Onion and Cheddar Cheese

Waffle
Chai Spice with Almond

Soup (vegan) 
Cabbage, Kale and White Bean

Salad
Romaine, Mixed Greens, Carrots, Cucumbers. Peanut Lime Dressing and Sesame seeds

Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Lemon Poppy Seed, Specials!

Pizza or Rice Entree (pictured below)
Sauteed Soy-Ginger Carrots & Zucchini, Coconut Rice, Scallions and Peanuts

Salad
Romaine, Radicchio, Carrots, Cukes, Peanut-Lime Dressing & Sesame Seeds

Soup
Sweet Potato Chipotle Sage

Dessert
Pineapple Cashew Cake, Get out of the rain with some VP brunch!

~Today’s Specials~

Pizza or Rice entree
Green pepper, red onion, roasted portabella,  mozzarella, marinara

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master)
Roasted leek, portabella mushroom, feta

Waffle
Blueberry

Soup (vegan) 
Sweet potato chipotle sage

Salad
Romaine, radicchio, carrot, cucumber, creamy peanut-lime dressing, sesame seeds

Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Cinnamon apple with walnuts, New Everything!

~Today’s Specials~

Pizza or Rice entree
Roasted Portobellos, Green Bell peppers, Red Onions, Marinara and Mozzarella
 
Soup 
Sweet Potato Chipotle Sage

Salad
Romaine, Radicchio, Carrots, Cucumber, Peanut-Lime Dressing with Sesame Seeds

Coffee Cake 
Apple Cinnamon, In Harvard square today? Check out our fresh Veggie-Brunch specials....

~Today’s Specials~

Pizza or Rice entree
Roasted Tempeh, Red Onions, Green Peppers, Mozzarella and Marinara

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master)
Asparagus, Marinated Tomatoes, Romesco, and Mozzarella topped with Tarragon

Waffle
Banana Chocolate with a Peanut Butter Drizzle

Soup (vegan) 
Carrot-Ginger with Coconut Milk

Salad
Romaine, Baby Spinach, Carrots, Red Onions, Cranberry Dressing and Walnuts

Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Tea Cake w/Earl Grey Glaze, New Cake!  Earl Grey with a Bergamot glaze!  Vegan as always!, Current Specials!

Pizza or Rice Entree: Roasted Tempeh, Red Onion, Green Pepper, Mozzarella & Marinara (pictured below with our Greek Salad)

Salad: Romaine, Watercress, Carrots, Red Onion, Roasted Cranberry Dressing & Walnuts

Soup: Carrot-Ginger-Coconut

Cake (always vegan!): Chocolate Almond, An amazingly Happy New Year to everyone!

We'll be closed tomorrow during the day to allow ourselves to sleep late, reopening at 5PM for dinner.

Be safe!, Enjoying the Winter Wonderland in Harvard Square?

Stop in for some warm eats and endless tea!

~Today’s Specials~

Pizza or Rice entree
Roasted tofu, red onion, mole, queso-fresco

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master)
Buffalo broccoli, tomato, cheddar cheese, scallions

Waffle
Strawberry Poppyseed

Soup (vegan) 
Carrot

Salad
Romaine, watercress, apple, creamy roasted cranberry dressing, walnuts

Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Chocolate almond with cocococo glaze

:), Come get your pre-snow VP fix before it's too late!

~ Today’s Specials~ 

Lunch
Served over pizza, brown rice, or coconut rice
Roasted tofu, red onion, mole sauce, queso fresco

Soup (always vegan)
Carrot

Salad
Romaine, watercress, apple, red onion, creamy roasted cranberry dressing, walnuts

Dessert (always vegan)
Banana cashew, We're open all day today!  Come try our Tofu and Molé special. Try it vegan with daiya (on the left), How about you wash down all that holiday spending with some delicious VP Brunch?

~Today’s Specials~

Pizza or Rice entree
Roasted tofu, red onion, mole, queso-fresco

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master)
Spinach, tomato, bell peppers, cheddar cheese, scallions

Waffle
Orange-chocolate

Soup (vegan) 
Black bean chili

Salad
Romaine, baby spinach, broccoli, carrots, chickpeas, curry dressing, with peanuts

Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Banana-cashew, Today's Specials - 

Pizza/Rice - Mole, Roasted Tofu, Red Onions + Queso Fresco.

Soup - Black Bean Chili. 

Salad - Romaine, Spinach, Carrots, Chickpeas, Broccoli, Peanuts and Curry Dressing. 

Cake - Raisin-Carrot-Walnut Cake.

See you soon., For one night only, on New Year's Eve, our sister restaurant Veggie Galaxy becomes a "Finer Diner," bringing fine dining into a diner setting. Two seatings, at 6PM and 8PM. Make your reservations now!, New Soup Special:  Black Bean Chili!  Can there be a more perfect day for it?, Brunch Specials!  Still time to come on down!

Pizza or Rice entree:
Sweet Potatoes, Sautéed Kale, Caramelized Onions, and Cheddar Cheese

Omelet:
Kale, Red Onion, Cheddar, and Tomato

Waffle:
Oatmeal-Raisin

Soup: 
Mushroom + Barley

Salad:
Romaine, Arugula, Broccoli, Carrots, Chickpeas, with Curry Dressing and Peanuts

Coffee Cake: Lemon-Poppy Seed Cake with a Strawberry Glaze, Today's special pizza: Sweet Potato, Sauteed Kale, Caramelized Onion & Cheddar.  So good!, Current Specials!, We're serving Brunch today..... come on down and get some tickets to yum-town!!!

~Today’s Specials~

Pizza or Rice entree
Sweet Potatoes, Sautéed Kale, Caramelized Onions, and Cheddar Cheese

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master)
Black Beans, Scallions, Red Peppers, and Jack Cheese

Waffle(pictured)
Chocolate-Banana w/a Drizzle of Peanut Butter

Soup (vegan) 
Chickpea Zucchini Tomato

Salad
Romaine, Baby Arugula, Zuchini, Sundried Tomato Vinaigrette and Walnuts

Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Almond Raisin, The new t-shirts are here, the new t-shirts are here! Looking for a gift, we have gift cards too!, ~Current Specials~

Pizza or Rice entree:
Chipotle Fig Sauce, Spinach, Goat Cheese & Scallions

Soup:
Curried Red Lentil & Carrot

Salad:
Romaine, Baby Arugula, Zucchini, Red Cabbage, Sundried Tomato Vinaigrette & Walnuts

Coffee Cake (always vegan!):
Orange Ginger w/ Vanilla Glaze, Did you know that the legal name of Veggie Planet is FatCat SkinnyCat LLC, and that the SkinnyCat part is in honor of the cheetah, and that today is international cheetah day, and that the cheetah is endangered, and that watching a cheetah run is witnessing perfection..., Our omelet this brunch. Marinated tomatoes, red onion, mozzarella and pesto!, Sunday Brunch!!

~Today’s Specials~

Pizza or Rice entree
Chipotle Fig Sauce, Spinach, Goat Cheese and Scallions

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master)
Marinated Tomatoes, Red Onions, Mozzarella and Pesto

Waffle
Strawberry Corn

Soup (vegan) 
Curried Red Lentil and Carrot

Salad
Romaine, Red Cabbage, red quinoa, carrots, tarragon dressing, almonds

Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Orange Ginger, ~Current Specials~

Pizza or Rice entree:
Aloo Ghobi (curried cauliflower, potatoes & onion in coconut milk) over coconut rice

Soup (vegan) :
Curried Red Lentil & Carrot

Salad:
Romaine, Red Cabbage, red quinoa, carrots, tarragon dressing, almonds

Coffee Cake (always vegan!):
Orange Ginger w/ Vanilla Glaze, Today's Aloo gobi special on coconut rice..., Come get some post-Thanksgiving recovery brunch 11am-3pm!

~Today’s Specials~

Pizza or Rice entree:
Aloo Ghobi (curried cauliflower, potatoes & onion in coconut milk) over coconut rice

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master):
Asparagus, tomatoes, caramelized onions, cheddar

Waffle:
Banana walnut with nutmeg

Soup (vegan) :
Creamy turnip-butternut squash soup

Salad:
Romaine, Red Cabbage, red quinoa, carrots, tarragon dressing, almonds

Coffee Cake (always vegan!):
Blueberry Corn, Haven't had enough Thanksgiving food yet and are out of leftovers?  You know where to go., VP Brunch (11am-3pm) - gotta have it! Check out our SWEET waffle! 

~Today’s Specials~

Pizza or Rice entree
Mashed Potatoes, Mushroom Gravy, Roaster Green Beans and Cranberry Sauce

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master)
Roasted Leeks, Black Beans, Tomatoes, Cheddar Cheese

Waffle
Chocolate-Rasberry

Soup (vegan) 
Turnip-Butternut Squash Soup

Salad
Romaine, Red Cabbage, Radish, Walnuts, and Maple Dressing
Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Blueberry Corn, Ok, Small Business Saturday was created by Big Business, but still... if you're going to spend money today, try to spend it at small, locally owned, independent businesses..., Pizza oven still going strong!, Our pizza oven is back in action, which means we have PIZZA!, Our Thanksgiving special is now available!... Mashed Potatoes, Roasted Green Beans, Mushroom Gravy & Cranberry Sauce... unfortunately not available as a pizza (still waiting on a new part for our oven)... but still yummy on brown rice!, Isn't it ironic - like rain on your wedding day, or winning the Dig This 2012 Award for best pizza the day our new pizza oven is down!, WE'RE OPEN AGAIN!  Without pizza unfortunately.  We need to wait for a part to come in to have the oven fixed, so we're serving everything except pizzas (that's what rice is for!).

We'll keep you informed about the pizza oven.  Stay tuned., ATTENTION:  CLOSED FOR PROBABLY THE NEXT HOUR OR TWO

Ah, the ghost of our old pizza oven is in the house.  Our new pizza oven is currently out of order and being serviced.  The good news is that it's a very specific problem that, once fixed, should not happen again. The bad news is that the service company has stuff sprawled about our kitchen so we can't open until they're done.

Is there a ghostbuster nearby?

Check back here for updates., The great weather over the long weekend was too good to last, but our specials are still here!, There comes a time once a week when we serve brunch. Now is that time...

                                                 Check out what we're serving up!
            ~Today’s Specials~

Pizza or Rice entree
Butternut Squash, Beets, Apple-Fennel Sauce and Feta Cheese

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master)
Tempeh Bacon, Broccoli, Cheddar Cheese and Scallions

Waffle
Orange Spice

Soup (vegan) 
Vegetable  Soup with Pesto 
(Potatoes, Carrots, Parsnips, & Turnips)

Salad
Romaine, Baby Arugula, Radishes, Pears, and Maple Dressing topped with Walnuts
 
Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Chocolate Almond, Saturday Specials!, While the election of yesterday has been decided, you still have time to make an impact.  Let's let the rest of Greater Boston know that pizza doesn't need meat to be the best!  Vote for Veggie Planet for Best Pizza!, Today's Specials!, As promised, here are the winners of our new pizza voting raffle:

First Prize ($50 gift card) - Amy Gilson
Second Prize ($25 gift card) - Georgia Bellas
Third Prize ($10 gift card) - Margaret Weigel

You can claim your gift cards in person.

Thanks to all who voted!  While it may not be quite as important an election as choosing a new pizza, we trust you'll vote today as well!, Check out this brunch!

~Today’s Specials~

Pizza or Rice entree
Pesto, mozzarella, roasted red peppers, red onions

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master)
Tomatoes, red onions, roasted red peppers, feta

Waffle
Cinnamon pumpkin

Soup (vegan) 
Thai coconut lime, mushrooms, red peppers

Salad
Romaine, baby spinach, tabouli, falafel crumbles, tahini dressing,
 
Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Orange almond, We received late word that voting for the Weekly Dig's Dig This Awards 2012 is going on right now.  Veggie Planet has been nominated for Best Veggie Restaurant (as has our sister restaurant Veggie Galaxy), as well as for BEST PIZZA!  Not sure how much longer the voting lasts, so please, please, vote now!  IT WOULD BE INCREDIBLE IF WE WON BEST PIZZA!  PLEASE VOTE!

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/embeddedform?formkey=dHpjS3JsZGNQNXdSUmlYQ180VENzcWc6MA, The results for the new pizza voting are in!  

Barbecued Tofu Pizza: 47%
Tapenade Pesto Pizza: 39%
Hummus Pizza: 13%

Given that a) the Barbecued Tofu won with a plurality rather than a clear majority, b) the other two pizzas received significant support (yes, even 13% is significant), and c) there was some controversy involving hanging chads, WE'VE DECIDED TO ADD ALL 3 PIZZAS TO THE MENU!

Stay tuned for further announcements on when this addition will officially go into effect.  Winners of the raffle will also be announced shortly., Happy Halloween!

Today's specials:, Here's hoping you all made it through the storm ok.

While we're compiling election results for our new pizza, try our Halloween special: Chipotle Pumpkin Puree, Leeks, Caramelized Onions & Cheddar.  It's not as blurry in person., As we're closed today due to the hurricane, we will not be compiling votes for our new pizza as originally scheduled.  Results of the vote, as well as winners of the raffle, will be announced within the next couple of days.  Stay tuned!, Come check out our amazing fall specials and have some tasty pre-hurricane brunch! 

11am-3pm

~Today’s Specials~

Pizza or Rice entree:
Chipotle pumpkin puree, leeks, caramelized onion, cheddar

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master):
Roasted green pepper, spinach, marinated tomato, pepper jack cheese

Waffle:
Cinnamon vanilla

Soup (vegan) :
Potato kale

Salad:
Romaine, baby spinach, tabouli, falafel crumbles, tahini dressing,

Coffee Cake (always vegan!):
Pumpkin spice, Pre- Vegfest madness!, BVS Food Fest is this weekend!  We'll be sampling Veggie Galaxy food on Saturday and Veggie Planet food on Sunday.  Stop by and say hello!

http://www.bostonveg.org/foodfest/, Voting for our new pizza continues through this weekend.  As of now, the barbecued tofu pizza holds a large lead on facebook, while in person voting has not been compiled as of yet.  If you wish to vote here on facebook, just page down to our post on October 15 and cast your vote.  Speak now, or forever hold your peace!, HEY YA'll! 
Check it out....THIS WEEK'S SPECIALS!!!

Pizza:
Chipotle-Pumpkin Puree, Asparagus, Red Onion, Leeks(coming farm fresh tomorrow) and Mozzarella

Salad(Pictured):
Romaine, Baby Spinach, Tabouli, Falafel Crumbles, Tahini dressing and Olives

Soup:
Potato and Kale

Cake:
Pumpkin Spice

*All Seasonal All Delicious*, Sunday brunch + October = Pumpkin Spice Waffles!, Head of the Charles today and tomorrow!  We're not far from the river, so stop in for lunch today or brunch tomorrow while you're in the neighborhood!

hocr.org/, Voting for our new pizza continues through next week (come in person or see previous post to vote).  In the meantime, our current pizza special is:  Tempeh, Roasted Brussel Sprouts, Caramelized Onions & Creamy (but vegan) Mustard Sauce., Official voting for Veggie Planet's new pizza begins today!  Vote in person or here on facebook and be entered into a raffle to win a $10 gift card, $25 gift card or $50 gift card!  Winners will be announced here on Monday, October 29.  Note that all the new pizza options can also be made vegan., Hey! Eat the brunch!

~Today’s Specials~

Pizza or Rice entree
BBQ tofu, caramelized onions, tomatoes, cheddar cheese

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master)
Roasted green peppers, onions, portabella mushrooms, cheddar

Waffle
Cinnamon raisin

Soup (vegan) 
Tempeh-bean chili

Salad
Romaine, red cabbage, baby spinach, asparagus, lime vinaigrette, pumpkin seeds
 
Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Carrot ginger cake, Still running the BBQ Tofu pizza, Candidate #3, through the weekend.  Voting will then begin next week to decide which of our three candidates stays on the menu., Hey Ya'll,
We've been tweaking our BBQ sauce around and I think we're happy with it. This is one of our candidates for a new pizza! Come try it out!

Pizza or Rice entree
BBQ tofu, caramelized onions, tomatoes, cheddar cheese

Soup (vegan) 
Spicy tomato basil

Salad
Romaine, red cabbage, carrots, tomatoes, caraway dressing, pumpkin seeds

Cake (always vegan!)
Lemon-Lavender Cake, And the rest of our brunch specials:

Pizza or Rice entree
BBQ tofu, caramelized onions, tomatoes, cheddar cheese

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master)
White button mushrooms, spinach, tomatoes, cheddar cheese

Check it out: Special waffle event!
Vanilla with apple cinnamon spread

Soup (vegan) 
Spicy tomato basil

Salad
Romaine, red cabbage, carrots, tomatoes, caraway dressing, pumpkin seeds
 
Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Pineapple berry upside-down cake, Todays waffle. Vanilla waffle with cooked apple cinnamon topping., Oktoberfest in Harvard Square tomorrow!  Duck in for Veggie Planet brunch while you're there!

http://www.harvardsquare.com/Home/Articles/34th-Annual-Oktoberfest-and-HONK!-Parade-on-Octobe.aspx, Today is your last chance to try our Hummus Pizza special before moving on tomorrow to Candidate #3 for addition to our regular menu.

Todays Specials...

Pizza or Rice Special:
Hummus, Red Onions, Marinated Tomatoes, Feta Cheese and Kalamata Olives. 

Soup: 
Spicy Tomato Basil

Salad:
Romaine, Red Cabbage, Tomatoes, Carrots, Caraway Dressing & Pumpkin Seeds 

Cake (always vegan):
Peach Crumb, Today, "chicken" and waffles! Till it runs out!, Woah, we have some great brunch specials on this drizzly sunday morning! Get over here! (11:00-3:00)

--Today’s Specials--

Check it out: Special waffle event!
Seitan “Chicken” and blueberry waffles

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master)
Asparagus, red onion, tomatoes, cheddar cheese

Pizza or Rice entree
Hummus, red onion, marinated tomato, olives, feta

Soup (vegan) 
Turkish lentil

Salad
Romaine, Pineapple, Edamame, Soy Ginger Dressing and Cashews
 
Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Prickly pear-lime, Today's the first day to try Candidate #2 in our plans to add a new pizza to our menu: Hummus, Red Onions, Marinated Tomatoes, Feta Cheese and Kalamata Olives.  Voting will begin shortly.  Stay tuned., Tonight's your last chance to try the Olive Tapenade Pizza, before we switch to our next candidate!

Coming tomorrow, Candidate Number 2: Hummus, Red Onions, Marinated Tomatoes, Feta Cheese, topped with Kalamata Olives!, Hey Ya'll,
We've got a new soup special and are still doing our Pesto/Tapenade pizza. The pizza is one of our possible new pizza's, so come in, try it out, and let us know what you think. We're going to be making ballots soon so that people can vote on our upcoming new specials to find a permanent one. 

Pizza or Rice Special:
Kalamata Olive Tapenade, Pesto, Marinated Tomatoes, and Mozzarella

Soup: 
Curry Butternut and Apple Soup

Salad:
Romaine, Baby Arugula, Red Peppers, Pears, and a Lemon-Parsley Dressing. 

Cake (always vegan):
Cinnamon Oat Coffee Cake, Hey yall,
Veggie Planet is looking to hire folks for kitchen and front of house. All of those interested should stop by and ask for an application or get ahold of us via our craigslist ad 
http://boston.craigslist.org/gbs/fbh/3255915921.html, It's Sunday, which means we're serving up some Brunch....
 Today's Specials are,

-Pizza or Rice entree-
Olive Tapenade, Mozzarella, Basil Pesto, and Marinated Tomatoes

-Omelet (by Laz the omelet master)-
Black Beans, Caramelized Onions, Butternut Squash, Chipotle Sauce, and  Cheddar cheese

Waffle
Chocolate Orange

Soup (vegan) 
Cauliflower- Potato with Rosemary and Sage

Salad
Romaine, Spinach, Pears, Red Peppers, Lemon Parsley Dressing topped with Walnuts

Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Almond Pear(current)
Cinnamon Oat(coming soon), Help shape Veggie Planet history!

After eleven years, Veggie Planet has decided it's finally time to add another pizza to our menu, and we want you to help us decide what that will be!

Over the next 3 weeks, we'll be showcasing each of three possibilities.  Then, at the end of the 3 weeks, we'll hold a vote to determine which of the three will be a permanent fixture on the menu.

Candidate Number 1: Olive Tapenade, Basil-Walnut Pesto, Marinated Tomato & Mozzarella.  It's here right now, so come try it!, Buffalo tofu, caramelized onion, tomato, cheddar & scallions. Delicious, a bit spicy. Come try it! :D, Hey Yall,
Happy Labor day. Come on down to Veggie Planet and try some of our new specials. We do have limited seating in the lobby since Passim is having their end of summer Campfire festival. But, it's beautiful out so you can get our stuff to go.

Pizza or Rice Special:
Buffalo Tofu, Caramelized Onions, Tomatoes, Cheddar Cheese and Scallions. 

Soup: 
Spicy Pink Gazpacho

Salad:
Romaine, Baby Spinach, Chickpeas, Carrots, Cherry Tomatoes, and a Lemon-Tahini Dressing. 

Cake (always vegan):
Carrot cake with Walnuts., Happy Labor Day Weekend!  As every year, this is Campfire weekend at Club Passim.  Come listen to music all weekend long and enjoy some Veggie Planet food while you're at it!

http://www.clubpassim.org/club/campfire-9, As it heats up outside (could reach 90 today), come cool off with "the most amazing bowl of gazpacho"... spicy pink (tomato & red cabbage) gazpacho... made it into the Boston Globe!

http://bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2012/08/30/ben-bostdorf-creates-the-chef-table/T1B0McKNjRC8IdQGuHOJnL/story.html, What a glorious day!  Definitely a PPPP day... Perfect Planet Pizza Patio day!, Current Specials

Pizza/Rice Dish: Roasted Eggplant, Puttanesca Sauce, Mozzarella & Basil

Soup: Curried Lentil with Carrots, Cabbage & Celery

Salad: Daikon, Romaine, Mesclun, Carrots, Roasted Tomatillo Dressing & Pumpkin Seeds

Cake (always vegan): Orange Vanilla with Chocolate Glaze & Candied Almonds, Sunday Brunch!

In addition to our regular pizza/soup/salad specials, we've got:  Carrot Cake Waffles!  Roasted Kale, Caramelized Onion, Tomato & Cheddar Omelet!  Breakfast Pizzas!  Tofu Scramble!  Orange Vanilla w/Chocolate Sauce & Candied Almonds Coffee Cake!

Come on down!, Happy Birthday Howard Zinn!

http://zinnedproject.org/posts/18709, New Specials Today!

Pizza/Rice Dish: Roasted Eggplant, Puttanesca Sauce, Mozzarella & Basil

Soup: Curried Lentil with Carrots, Cabbage & Celery

Salad: Daikon, Romaine, Mesclun, Carrots, Roasted Tomatillo Dressing & Pumpkin Seeds

Cake (always vegan): Chocolate Orange, A very cool shout-out to Veggie Planet's gazpacho...

http://www.wickedlocal.com/marblehead/newsnow/x1607174295/Chef-s-Table-idea-sparked-by-good-gazpacho-enjoyed-by-Marblehead-philanthropist#axzz23ix9NP8K, New Salad special! Romaine, Baby Arugala, Apples, Candied Almonds, and an Orange Beet Vinaigrette!, Debuting a new special today! A tostada influenced pizza. Black beans, romaine, red cabbage, tomatoes,salsa verde, and a vegan sour cream., It's been a while since you've been to Veggie Planet's Sunday brunch, right?  Remember the tofu scramble, the breakfast pizzas, the omelet renditions of any of our pizza/rice entrees, the waffles... isn't it time you came back?, Two weeks since we reopened, still trying to make up for lost time!  Come re-experience us!, About that White Bean-Tomato-Squash soup.... Here it is!, New Soup Today: White Bean-Tomato-Squash!, We love our tofu croutons, but why not change the mix for a minute?!? 
            The Salad of the week: Romaine Lettuce, Baby Arugula,
      Red Onion, Cucumber, HOUSE MADE GARLIC-ROSEMARY CROUTONS, and a Sundried Tomato Basil dressing. 

...Just another delicious vegan offering!, Mmmm.... Strawberry-Vanilla-Fig Cake with a balsamic glaze. Fresh, vegan and delicious!, Have you visited our patio lately?  Open for lunch every day and brunch on Sunday!, Cinnamon peach clove waffles. Jessie did well today. Come get brunch!, Current specials:

Pizza, Rice or Sandwich Entree:
Tomato, Roasted Zucchini, Apricot Jam & Feta

Soup 
Spinach-Tomato Herb 

Salad
Watercress, Tomatoes, Cucumber, Red Onion, Romaine, Walnuts & Apple Cider Vinaigrette 

Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Fig-Almond, New Pizza/Sandwich/Rice! Apricot Jam, Tomato, Roasted Zucchini, Feta! Available immediately!, Fig Almond Cake! Taking figs tO another level, available now!, Some things never change, at least for another day or two.

Current specials remain:

Pizza, Rice or Sandwich Entree:
Caramelized Onion, Garlic Butter, Goat Cheese, Sun Dried Tomato, Basil & Asparagus

Soup 
Cold Cucumber Leek Dill with Tomato Garnish 

Salad
Watercress, Watermelon, Red Onion, Romaine, Walnuts & Apple Cider Vinaigrette 

Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Banana Nutmeg, The cold cucumber leek dill soup is really good!  Might not be around much longer, so come get refreshed while it's still here., Come get your healthy, hearty dinner! Carm onion, garlic butter, sun-dried tomato, asparagus, goat cheese and basil on brown rice. #yum, Today is the beginning of our first full week since the fire!  Have you been back yet to say hello?

~Today’s Specials~

Pizza, Rice or Sandwich Entree:
Caramelized Onion, Garlic Butter, Goat Cheese, Sun Dried Tomato, Basil & Asparagus

Soup 
Cold Cucumber Leek Dill with Tomato Garnish 

Salad
Watercress, Watermelon, Red Onion, Romaine, Walnuts & Apple Cider Vinaigrette 

Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Banana Nutmeg, In addition to pizza, brown & coco rice, we are offering sandwiches on Iggy's bread. Come try a favorite in a new way! http://t.co/4Ut0CrPT, http://t.co/FywAXXS6
Did you know you can order any of our usual entree options as an omelette during our Sunday brunch? Henry + eggs = win!, Brunch specials!!
Omelette: Asparagus, tomatoes and cheddar
Waffle: Blueberry!
New cake: Banana nutmeg walnut http://t.co/uk1E1XUb, http://t.co/JtcsF6TI http://t.co/ChWdccmP 
..And here's photographic evidence of aforementioned patio and special salad; as good as it looks, Nice day to come have a special salad of watermelon, watercress, red onion, romaine, walnuts & apple cider vinaigrette on our lovely patio!, A quick shout-out and sincere thank you to three of our favorite local businesses and neighbors who all publicized our re-opening unprompted.  Thank you:

www.facebook.com/clubpassim
www.facebook.com/harvardbookstore
www.facebook.com/brattletheatre, http://t.co/0irFNbns
Orange Almond Cake baked in our new oven! Vegan and delicious. Try it with house coconut milk whipped cream, also vegan, Ah, it feels good to be back...

Specials!!!

Entree: caramelized onion, goat cheese, sun-dried tomato, basil and garlic "butter"

Salad: watermelon, watercress, red onion, romaine, walnuts and apple cider vinaigrette

Soup (a dish best served cold): cucumber, leek and dill with tomato garnish

Cake (vegan!): orange almond, WE'RE OPENING!  We've passed all inspections and are prepping our entire menu as we speak.  We'll be opening for dinner tonight at 6PM.  Let's consider that a soft reeopening, with our grand reopening tomorrow at our normal time (regular hours 11:30AM-10:30PM).

Thanks so much for all of your patience, and we'll see you soon!, Fire Update (Day 17):
The fire-rated panel mentioned in the last update has been taken care of.  A call has been made to the inspectors to come back and take a look, but that call has not been returned yet.  Barring any other surprises, the only things left to do are get the inspectors out here, get their blessing, and then get NSTAR out here to turn the gas back on.  Given that we haven't heard back from the inspectors yet, it seems unlikely we'll be able to get NSTAR out here today... so, assuming inspections and NSTAR happen tomorrow, we'll plan to prep through the Tuesday night if we have to to be open on Wednesday.  Fingers crossed!, Fire Update (Day 14):
Sadly, it looks like National Veggie Planet day will have to wait a little longer.  Inspectors came in this morning and discovered a theretofore undiscovered open vertical passageway to the left of our exhaust hood that we're now told needs to be covered with a fire-rated panel.  We'll try to take care of that as quickly as possible, but it will definitely add some time to our scheduled reopening.  Once again, stay tuned., Fire Update (Day 12):

Roof duct work repair is now complete!  Access panels for exhaust duct are now installed!  Just a little more clean-up today and tomorrow, and then inspectors will arrive on Thursday.  Assuming we pass inspection, we'll then prep all day Thursday and shoot for being open on Friday!  If that's the case, our friend Willa d'Cat has suggested that this Friday be National Veggie Planet day!  Check back here Thursday late morning for word on our inspection, and then spread the word!, Fire Update (Day 7):
Still on for the roof duct work to be repaired on Thursday, but now we're also being required to install an access panel to the duct on the interior of the building.  Makes sense for better cleaning and safer exhaust, so we're happy to do it... but best case scenario for opening seems to have moved again.  We're looking into next week now.  Keep checking back!, Fire Update (Day 6):
The duct work is now scheduled to be repaired this Thursday.  We've still got some other electrical issues going on that we hope can be cleared up by that time as well, followed by fire, building & health inspections.  Best case scenario seems to have changed from Wednesday to Friday.  So, so, sorry!, Fire Update (Day 5):
Since we're just coming off the weekend, nothing has really changed since our last update.  Still hoping to get the duct work repaired by tomorrow and then have the proper inspections to be able to open on Wednesday.  That's the best case scenario., Fire Update (Day 3):
The main thing that we still need to do is repair the duct work on the roof (the firemen had to break into it to put out the fire).  Unfortunately, repairs probably won't happen until Tuesday at the earliest, at which point we'll then have to be reinspected, which may or may not happen on the same day as the repairs.  So right now, realistically, we're shooting for Wednesday reopening.  Fingers crossed., Fire Update:
Still trying to pick up all the pieces (do all the needed cleaning, make all the needed repairs, arrange all the needed inspections, deal with all the needed insurance paperwork, etc., etc.).  Right now, it's looking like middle of next week at best for reopening.  Check back here for updates., Bad news... we had a serious fire in our hood system today, will require repair work, reinspection, etc., etc.  We're closed until further notice (at least a few days, probably more).  This is one of those times when we can honestly say this hurts us more than it hurts you.  Still, thank you so much for your patience, first with our pizza oven and now with this.  You're the best!, Quick reminder that Veggie Planet will be closed tomorrow for the 4th, but Veggie Galaxy will be open all day (including during our usual 3-5PM midday hiatus)., Making July 4th plans?  Just letting you know that Veggie Planet will be closed on the 4th, but our sister restaurant, Veggie Galaxy, will be open all day.  So stop in while heading down Mass Ave towards the fireworks!  What's more American than a diner?

www.veggiegalaxy.com, ~Current Specials~

PIZZA!!!! (pictured below).  Also available on brown or coconut rice, OR!!! AS A SANDWICH ON AN IGGY'S CIABATTA ROLL!

"Meaty" Marinara, Broccoli, Bell Peppers, Asiago & Mozzarella

Soup 
Chilled Almond Gazpacho 

Salad
Romaine, Baby Spinach, Jicama, Red Onions and Cucumbers with a Creamy Chipotle Lime Dressing (vegan), topped with Walnuts. 

Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Peach Nutmeg Clove, Pizza's are back! Sandwiches are still here!

~Today’s Specials~
 
PIZZA!!!! ,rice entree, or Iggy's Cibatta roll
Tofu in Mole Verde, Red Onions, Cheddar, and Avocado Lime Mash

Soup 
Almond Gazpacho 

Salad
Romaine, Baby Spinach, Jicama, and Cucumbers with a Creamy Chipotle Lime Dressing (vegan). With Walnuts. 

Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Peach Clove, In case you still haven't heard, our pizza is back!  Here's our half pizza & salad special, with our current special pizza: Mole Verde, Tofu, Red Onion, Cheddar & Avocado Lime Mash, After a "not being able to turn on the new pizza oven because it was setting off an alarm" scare this morning, we figured it out and are in fact serving pizzas today!  Come on down!, Passed inspection today.  Pizza tomorrow!!  We open at 11:30AM if you want to be the first person to have pizza from our new oven., The exhaust system is fixed, but we weren't able to get an inspector here today.  We're at the mercy of the inspector at this point.  When we start making pizza again depends on when we can get the inspector here to give us the thumbs up.  So close, we can taste it!, Oh so close on the pizza oven!  Final connections were made today, but our exhaust system broke down... getting that fixed today, hoping to have inspector in tomorrow to approve the oven hook-up and then we should be good to go!  Shooting for pizzas on Friday!  Check back here for further updates., Hope all the dads out there are having a great day!, Hey everyone! As you might have read, we have the new oven in! But, there's still some installation and work before we can start cooking off pizzas again. 
For the meantime come check out our new specials!

~Today’s Specials~
Sandwich or rice entree
Roasted Eggplant, Romesco, Goat Cheese, and Baby Spinach

Soup 
Spicy Tomato Dill

Salad
Romaine, Radicchio, Green Beans, Black Quinoa, Red Onions, Caraway Dressing, and Walnuts

Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Strawberry Rhubarb, New pizza oven connection is a little more complicated than we realized because of new code requirements.  Shouldn't be too much longer though!, Happy Pride!

http://www.bostonpride.org/, Question: With the return of our pizza imminent, should we keep doing sandwiches too?  We're thinking about it.  Let us know what you think., Update:  We're open, and the NEW PIZZA OVEN is in place.  Be excited about the fact that we're open, but don't get too excited yet about the pizza oven.  We still need to make final connections and make sure everything is up to code before we can start using it.  We'll keep you updated on that as well., ATTN PLANET CUSTOMERS! Today, Thursday, we'll be opening late, due to a major kitchen equipment renovation. We'll be sure to post an update once we're open!, Hey Ya'll,
It got chilly out. Come get a Sandwich and Soup combo to warm up. 

~Today’s Specials~
Sandwich or rice entree
BBQ Seitan, Caramelized Onions, Cheddar Cheese and Dressed Baby Arugula

Soup 
Corn Potato Chowder

Salad
Romaine, Mesclun mix, Cherry Tomatoes, Black Quinoa, and Orange-Olive Oil Dressing

Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Pineapple Cashew, Happy Memorial Day. Club Passim is having Campfire and we have a new sandwich! It's nice out, come on down!

~Today’s Specials~
Sandwich or rice entree
BBQ Seitan, Caramelized Onions, Cheddar Cheese and Dressed Baby Arugula

Soup 
Tomato Cucumber (Spicy Pink) Gazpacho

Salad
Romaine, Baby Spinach, Oranges, Red Onions, and Strawberry-Poppy Seed Dressing with Walnuts

Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Mexican Chocolate Cake (Cinnamon and Anise), Last day of Club Passim's Campfire!  Live folk music all day!  We also have limited seating in the front lobby area if you just want to pop in for a quick lunch., Happy Memorial Day Weekend!!
Sunday Brunch is here and there is a special treat going on in association with Club Passim! CAMPFIRE!! For today only, you can purchase a ticket to sit in the big room and stay for as little or long as you want while listening to some great folk music! For others who wish to not buy a ticket, take out is available or a seat in our lobby. 
Sunday Funday here we come!, New pizza oven has been found!  Expected arrival 2-3 weeks, maybe sooner.  Thanks for all of your patience.  Pizza will soon return to Veggie Planet!

http://www.doyon.qc.ca/html/en/products/pizza_ovens/pizza_ovens/piz3.php, Going to demo a new pizza oven tomorrow.  Hoping it's the one!, Happy Mother's Day!, Today is Mayfair in Harvard Square.  Come enjoy the festivities, and stop into Veggie Planet for brunch while you're at it!

http://www.harvardsquare.com/Home/Articles/The-29th-Annual-Mayfair-in-Harvard-Square.aspx, Have you tried one of our sandwiches yet?  You'll miss our pizzas just a little bit less if you do.  Today, though, on Cinco de Mayo, you may want to have our Mexican Bean on brown or coconut rice., These are the sandwiches we'll be offering while our pizza oven search continues, all served on Iggy's Ciabatta with a side of salad...

Portobello Redhead (pictured below)
Vegan Oddlot
Safe & Sound (pictured in previous post)
Blonde on Blonde
Grilled Cheese
Special (currently Sauteed Chard, Portobellos, Cheddar & Pickled Radish), Exciting news! While the pizza oven situation gets sorted, we're proudly serving a selection of our pizza options as sandwiches, instead! Pictured here is the Safe & Sound sandwich, on a delicious Iggy's Ciabatta! All sandwiches come with a side Romaine salad, and cost the same as our small sized pizzas! YUM!, As we continue to search for a new pizza oven, our old friend sits here quietly, waiting to be taken away, and watches as those around him eat rice dishes, salads, soup, brownies - but no pizza.  He feels very sad that he can't help., Very bad news!  Our pizza oven is done.  The professionals are telling us we shouldn't put any more money into it, which means we need to research new pizza ovens that fit our space and our budget - could take some time.  

No pizza until further notice!  Stay tuned for updates., ~Today’s Specials~

Pizza and rice entree
Sauteed Kale, Tomatoes, Caramelized Onions, Goat Cheese, Asiago Cheese

Soup 
Leek Rosemary Lentil

Salad
Romaine, Baby Arugula, Carrots, Black Quinoa & Lemon Olive Oil Dressing
 
Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Lemon Lavendar Poppyseed, null, I very much suggest getting the special with the Mexican bean.  Also the newest batch of guajillo salsa is fantastic. This double header is a tofu mash version., ~Today’s Specials~
Pizza and rice entree
Chickpea mash, Red onions, Guajillo-Tomatillo Salsa, and Queso Blanco
(Goes great as a double header with the Mexican Bean. Tofu mash is great if you're not into cheese)

Soup 
Black Bean soup

Salad
Romaine Lettuce, Baby Spinach, Radish, Jicama, Cilantro Chipotle dressing and Walnuts 

Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Strawberry rhubarb with almonds, Tonight's 8PM show at Passim has been cancelled, which provides all you non-show goers with the rare opportunity to eat dinner in the main dining room!, This is why brunch is special at Veggie Planet:

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master)
White Button Mushrooms, Grilled Zucchini and Summer Squash with Goat Cheese

Waffle
Blueberry Almond  (I'm probably going to eat them all cause they're so good. I'll save you one though...)

 Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Raisin Carrot 

See you soon!

<3

Veggie Planet, ~Today’s Specials~
    Pizza and rice entree
Roasted Tempeh, Asparagus, Mustard Cream Sauce and Cheddar Cheese
(Sauce is vegan! Taste great with Daiya, as taste tested by me)

    Soup 
Spicy Tomato Dill

    Salad
Romaine, Mesclun Mix, Carrots, Broccoli and a Tahini Lemon Dressing with Peanuts on top

    Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Carrot Raisin Cake, ~Today’s Specials~
Pizza and rice entree
Marinated red onions, red peppers, spinach, feta cheese

Soup 
Brothy vegetable with basil pesto

Salad
Romaine, frisee, carrots, tomatoes, creamy basil dressing & walnuts

Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Banana walnut cake, The nice weather is gone, but brunch is still here! 11am-3pm

~Today’s Specials~
Pizza and rice entree
Marinated red onions, red peppers, spinach, feta cheese

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master)
Asparagus, caramelized onions, tomato, cheddar cheese

Waffle
Cinnamon chocolate chip 

Soup (vegan) 
Brothy vegetable with basil pesto

Salad
Romaine, red cabbage, beets, pumpkin seeds, creamy basil dressing
 
Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Banana walnut cake, ~Today’s Specials~ 

Pizza or Rice entree
Marinated Red Onions, Red Peppers, Spinach & Feta

Soup 
Root Vegetable Soup Au Pistou

Salad
Romaine, Frisee, Beets, Pumpkin Seeds & Creamy Basil Dressing

Cake (always vegan!)
Banana-Walnut, It's nice out. Come brunch!

~Today’s Specials~
Pizza and rice entree
Marinated red onions, red peppers, spinach, feta cheese

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master)
Black beans, corn, red peppers, caramelized onions, pepper jack cheese

Waffle
Apple cinnamon

Soup (vegan) 
Brothy vegetable with basil pesto

Salad
Romaine, frisee, beets, pumpkin seeds, creamy basil dressing
 
Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Lemon vanilla, A memorable celebrity sighting at Veggie Planet that was apparently memorable for the celebrity as well!  (even though the article says it happened last year, it was actually about 8 years ago)..., ~Today’s Specials~ 

Pizza or Rice entree
Marinated Red Onions, Red Peppers, Spinach & Feta

Soup 
Root Vegetable Soup Au Pistou

Salad
Romaine, Red Cabbage, Fennel, Frisee & Creamy Basil Dressing

Cake (always vegan!)
Lemon Vanilla, Happy Pi Day!  Come celebrate your math nerd-ness with your favorite (pizza) pie tonight!, ~Today’s Specials~ 

Pizza or Rice entree
White Bean Puree, Arugula, Caramelized Onion & Cheddar

Soup 
Root Vegetable Soup Au Pistou

Salad
Romaine, Red Cabbage, Fennel, Coriander Lemon Dressing & Walnuts

Cake (always vegan!)
Mexican Chocolate, Did you say lemon ginger!? Brunch (11am-3pm)

~Today’s Specials~
Pizza and rice entree
White bean puree, arugula, caramelized onions, cheddar cheese

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master)
Roasted Brussel sprouts, tomatoes, caramelized onions, cheddar cheese

Waffle
Lemon ginger

Soup (vegan) 
Cauliflower, potato, dill (puree)

Salad
Romaine, red cabbage, fennel, walnuts, lemon-coriander dressing
 
Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Mexican chocolate with almonds, Reminder: Daylight Savings Time!  We wouldn't want you to miss brunch tomorrow by being one hour late!, ~Today’s Specials~ 

Pizza or Rice entree
White Bean Puree, Arugula, Caramelized Onion & Cheddar

Soup 
Cauliflower-Potato Dill

Salad
Romaine, Red Cabbage, Fennel, Tomatoes, Coriander Lemon Dressing & Walnuts

Cake (always vegan!)
Mexican Chocolate with Cinnamon & Anise, ~Today’s Specials~ 

Pizza or Rice entree
White Bean Puree, Arugula, Caramelized Onion & Cheddar

Soup 
Cauliflower-Potato Dill

Salad
Romaine, Baby Arugula, Carrots, Diakon Radish, Coriander Lemon Dressing & Walnuts

Cake (always vegan!)
Orange-Chocolate with Almonds, Brunch it

~Today’s Specials~
Pizza and rice entree
Eggplant, Red bell peppers, broccoli, mozzarella cheese, with a raisin-onion-caper relish

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master)
Portabella mushrooms, tomatoes, spinach, feta cheese

Waffle
Chocolate chip

Soup (vegan) 
Sweet potato curry

Salad
Romaine, baby arugula, carrots, daikon radish, walnuts, coriander-lemon dressing
 
Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Orange chocolate with almonds, ~Today’s Specials~ 

Pizza or Rice entree
Roasted Eggplant, Raisin-Onion-Caper Relish, Red Bell Pepper, Broccoli & Mozzarella

Soup 
Sweet Potato Curry

Salad
Romaine, Baby Arugula, Carrots, Diakon Radish, Coriander Lemon Dressing & Walnuts

Cake (always vegan!)
Orange-Chocolate with Almonds, Brunch it! 11am-3pm

~Today’s Specials~
Pizza and rice entree
Eggplant, Brussel sprouts, mozzarella cheese, with a raisin-onion-caper relish

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master)
Roasted leeks, caramelized onions, roasted red peppers, pepper jack cheese

Waffle
Vanilla

Soup (vegan) 
Sweet potato curry

Salad
Romaine, baby arugula, carrots, daikon radish, coriander-lemon dressing
 
Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
No cake this week :(, A great write-up about Veggie Planet from a first-time customer -- thanks Molly!... (oh, and just in case any other newbies don't already know, we're "teeny tiny" during the evenings when the dining room becomes Club Passim, but during the daytime hours, the entire place opens up to everyone!)... , ~Today’s Specials~  

Pizza or Rice entree
Roasted Eggplant, Brussel Sprouts, Raisin-Onion-Caper Relish & Mozzarella

Soup 
Sweet Potato Curry

Salad
Romaine, Baby Arugula, Carrots, Diakon Radish & Corriander Lemon Dressing, ~Today’s Specials~

Pizza or Rice entree
Brussel Sprouts, Caramelized Onions, Seitan & Sesame Tofu Mash

Soup  
Sweet Potato Curry

Salad
Romaine, Green Cabbage, Carrots, Tomatoes, Creamy Cilantro Dressing & Walnuts

Cake (always vegan!)
Vanilla Cake with Raspberry-Lime Frosting, A nice review of Veggie Planet on this USA Today travel website..., Happy Valentine's Day Everyone!  Whether or not you have a sweetheart, we love you here at Veggie Planet.  We also love our friends at BU, who just published this quick little review of veggie restaurants in the area:, Apparently, you can vote in the Boston Phoenix Best poll once per day per e-mail address, so feel free to vote for us multiple times!  Also, note that contrary to our previous instructions, voting is actually a three-step process.  First, choose and "Submit" your vote, then click "Finished" when you've finished your selection, and finally click "Vote Now" to make sure your vote is counted! , Brunch is ending early today, so come on over and eat the food before it's too late! 11am-2:30pm

~Today’s Specials~
Pizza and rice entree
Garlic baked tofu, broccoli, cheddar cheese, onion chutney

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master)
Roasted leeks, roasted red peppers, pepper jack cheese

Waffle
Ginger spice

Soup (vegan) 
Smokey collards and potato

Salad
Romaine, baby spinach, barley, carrots, tomato, creamy cilantro dressing, The finalists have been announced!  And we're one of them!  Please vote!  You're the best!, ~Today’s Specials~

Pizza or Rice entree
Grilled Baked Tofu, Broccoli, Cheddar & Five-Spice Onion Chutney

Soup (vegan) 
Smokey Collards-Potato

Salad
Romaine, Baby Spinach, Barley, Carrots, Tomato & Creamy Cilantro Dressing

Cake (always vegan!)
Peanut Butter Chocolate Chunk!, Pizza Update:

We're making pizzas again!  BUT, the oven is making a ton of noise and needs a new motor.  Because of the noise, we'll probably have to stop making pizzas during the Club Passim show tonight so people can listen to the music and not our pizza oven.  We're hoping to get a new motor in tomorrow., ~Today’s Specials~

(Note our pizza oven is currently being repaired, so we are only doing rice entrees at the moment - we'll keep you updated)...

Rice entree
Eggplant, asiago, tomato, goat cheese, Thai basil peanut pesto

Soup (vegan) 
Chickpea, spinach & lemon

Salad
Romaine, baby spinach, barley, carrots, tomato, creamy cilantro dressing

Cake (always vegan!)
Granola-Coffee, ~Today’s Specials~
Pizza and rice entree
Eggplant, asiago, tomato, goat cheese, Thai basil peanut pesto

Soup (vegan) 
Chickpea, spinach & lime

Salad
Romaine, baby spinach, barley, carrots, tomato, cumin tarragon dressing

Cake (always vegan!)
Granola-Coffee, Go Pats! Eat brunch!

~Today’s Specials~
Pizza and rice entree
Eggplant, asiago, tomato, goat cheese, Thai basil peanut pesto

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master)
Smokey squash mash, spinach, tomatoes, goat cheese

Waffle
Peanut chocolate chip!

Soup (vegan) 
Chickpea, spinach & lime

Salad
Romaine, baby spinach, barley, carrots, tomato, cumin tarragon dressing
 
Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Ask your server, Current Specials!

Pizza or Rice Entrée:
Eggplant, Tomatoes, Goat Cheese, Asiago & Thai Basil Peanut Pesto (substitute our vegan mozzarella for a vegan version!)

Soup (always vegan):
Carrot-ginger

Salad:
Romaine, baby arugula, barley, carrots, tomatoes & cumin-tarragon dressing

Cake (always vegan):
Apple-Cinnamon, It was so nice out today, I came into work early just  to eat outside. Featuring mexican bean, vegan, with tofu mash. Hope everyone enjoyed the odd weather., Current Specials!

Pizza or Rice Entrée:
Zucchini, puttanesca, mozzarella, basil 

Soup (always vegan):
Carrot-ginger

Salad:
Romaine, baby arugula, pears, red onion, peanuts, basil, with star anise dressing, I've got a hunch... that you should come to brunch! (11am-3pm)

~Today’s Specials~
Pizza and rice entree
Zucchini, puttanesca, mozzarella, basil

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master)
Brussel sprouts, caramelized onions, tomatoes, cheddar cheese

Waffle
Cinnamon pear

Soup (vegan) 
Carrot-ginger

Salad
Romaine, baby arugula, pears, red onion, peanuts, basil, with star anise dressing
 
Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Ask your server, BTW, our phone is back up and running., Lunch. It's what's for dinner.

~ Today’s Specials~ 
 
Pizza or Rice Entrée:
Zucchini, puttanesca, mozzarella, basil 

Soup (always vegan):
Carrot-ginger

Salad:
Romaine, baby arugula, pears, red onion, peanuts, basil, with star anise dressing

Dessert (always vegan):
Ginger-molasses cake, We seem to be having some trouble with our phone this morning, and aren't able to answer calls. Hopefully we will get a new one set up by dinner service!, Hey ya'll,
We've got new specials all around. Remember that you can use the Google deal with both Galaxy and Planet. Use that extra 10 bucks to bring a friend, mom, or date. 

~Today’s Specials~
Pizza and rice entree
Zucchini with Puttanesca Sauce. Mozzarella and Basil.
(Taste great with daiya! As tested by me.)

Soup (vegan) 
Creamy Carrot Ginger

Salad
Romaine, Baby Arugula, Red Onions, Pears, and Star Anise Basil Dressing. With Peanuts. 

Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Ginger Molasses., Posting this again because last time was on a Sunday (not sure if that's proper Facebook strategy??)...

"Nominations are now being taken for The Boston Phoenix Best awards. Make sure to write us in. And while we hate pitting ourselves against our sister restaurant, we don't have a full scale bakery at Veggie Planet - so, if you want to let all of Boston know about the amazing vegan baked goods at Veggie Galaxy, make sure to write her in for Best Bakery!" 

http://contests.thephoenix.com/thebest/boston/2012/noms/food
, Nominations are now being taken for The Boston Phoenix Best awards.  Make sure to write us in.  And while we hate pitting ourselves against our sister restaurant, we don't have a full scale bakery at Veggie Planet - so, if you want to let all of Boston know about the amazing vegan baked goods at Veggie Galaxy, make sure to write her in for Best Bakery! 

http://contests.thephoenix.com/thebest/boston/2012/noms/food, Brunch your hear out 11am-3pm!

~Today’s Specials~
Pizza and rice entree
Kale, sweet potatoes, roasted onions, cheddar, chipotle crème sauce (vegan)

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master)
Spinach, red onions, black olives, tomatoes, feta

Waffle
Good ol fashion vanilla!

Soup (vegan) 
Cream of broccoli (*contains gluten*)

Salad
Romaine, baby spinach, black beans, carrots, tomatoes, lemon coriander dressing
 
Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Carrot raisin OR Banana walnut, Rain, sleet or snow...

~Today’s Specials~
Pizza and rice entree
Creamy chipotle sauce (vegan) kale, sweet potatoes, roasted onions, and cheddar

Soup (vegan) 
Cream of broccoli (*contains gluten*)

Salad
Romaine, baby spinach, black beans, carrots, tomatoes, lemon coriander dressing

Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Raisin Carrot Cake., ~Today’s Specials~
Pizza and rice entree
Creamy chipotle sauce (vegan) kale, sweet potatoes, roasted onions, and cheddar

Soup (vegan) 
Cream of broccoli (*contains gluten*)

Salad
Romaine, baby spinach, black beans, carrots, tomatoes, lemon coriander dressing

Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Raisin Carrot Cake., Hey yall,
This is our new special. Creamy chipotle sauce (vegan) kale, sweet potatoes, roasted onions, and cheddar. Vegans can always sub cheddar for daiya or tofu mash. Also some scallions to make it pretty., It's been a while since we've given a shout-out to our still relatively new sister restaurant, Veggie Galaxy.  If you're ever in the mood for something other than Veggie Planet, you can shoot over to Veggie Galaxy in Central Square (and she's open for breakfast!).

www.veggiegalaxy.com
, It's REALLY COLD outside! All the more reason to warm your tummy with some delicious Veggie Planet brunch (11am-3pm)...

~Today’s Specials~
Pizza and rice entree
Roasted fennel, caramelized onions, blue cheese sauce topped with basil

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master)
Leeks, sprouts, tomatoes, cheddar

Waffle
Chocolate-orange

Soup (vegan) 
Cream of broccoli (*contains gluten*)

Salad
Romaine, baby spinach, black beans, carrots, tomatoes, lemon coriander dressing
 
Coffee Cake (always vegan!)
Lemon vanilla cake, Come get some lunch!

~ Today’s Specials~ 
 
Pizza or Rice Entrée
Roasted fennel, caramelized onions, blue cheese sauce topped with basil

Soup (always vegan)
Cream of broccoli (*contains gluten*)

Salad
Romaine, baby spinach, carrots, tomatoes, lemon coriander dressing, URGENT!

Due to a rare cosmic alignment of the heavenly vegetables, VEGGIE PLANET IS SEATING IN THE LARGE ROOM ALLLLLL NIGGHHHTTT (until 10:30)!!!

Additionally, some artists from Club Passim will be providing the room with the uplifting Celtic jigs we all know and love!

Come, eat, listen, enjoy. NOW!, New cake! Mexican chocolate (anise and cinn.) with almonds., ATTENTION VP LOVERS!!

Due to the Boston Celtic Music Festival, Veggie Planet will not be seating in the larger room today. We will be making take-out orders as well as doing limited seating (parties of 4 or less) in the lobby all day. Thanks for your cooperation.

~ Tonight’s Specials~ 
 
Pizza or Rice Entrée:
Roasted fennel, caramelized onions, blue cheese sauce topped with basil

Soup (always vegan):
Tomato lentil with spinach

Salad:
Romaine, baby arugula, apples, alfalfa sprouts, creamy maple dressing, walnuts

Dessert (always vegan):
Lemon lavender cake, Hey ya'll. 
Today we have a new pizza special.

~Today's Specials~

On Pizza or Rice:
Roasted Fennel, Caramelized Onions, Blue Cheese sauce, and Basil

Soup (always vegan):
Tomato, Spinach, and Lentil 

Salad:
Romaine, Baby Arugula, Alfalfa sprouts, Apples, Creamy Maple Dressing and Walnuts

Cake (also, always vegan):
Lemon Pistachio, This is a soup and salad combo showing off our new tomato, spinach, lentil soup and our special salad., ~Today's Specials~

On Pizza or Rice:
Roasted Cauliflower and White Button Mushrooms, Mozzarella and Fried Garlic (only a few days left!)

Soup (always vegan):
Tomato, Spinach, and Lentil (new)

Salad:
Romaine, Baby Arugula, Apples, Creamy Maple Dressing and Walnuts

Cake (also, always vegan):
Apple Cinnamon (almost out) and Lemon Pistachio (we've got plenty), Hey everyone. So we're taking a cue from our sister restaurant, Veggie Galaxy, and switching to coconut whipped cream. We're excited to offer a new vegan, dairy, and soy free option. Now you can get a vegan full contact brownie or try it on one of our coffee cakes., Waffle with sprinkles and powdered sugar, And just to let the curious know. There will be BRUNCH ON NEW YEARS DAY. We'll be open all day, in fact. 
We're going to be making a special "Firework" Waffle with sprinkles and vegan whip cream. 
Also, a "Hair of the dog" Omelet with Mushrooms sauteed in Champagne., A little chilly out there, huh? Come warm up with some Tomato Basil Soup.  Or check out our other specials:

~Today's Specials~

On Pizza or Rice:
Roasted Garlic Sauce, Roated Cauliflower and White Button Mushrooms, Mozzarella and Fried Garlic

Soup (always vegan):
Tomato Basil

Salad:
Romaine, Baby Arugula, Alfalfa Sprouts, Apples, Creamy Maple Dressing and Walnuts

Cake (also, always vegan):
Mocha (Taza chocolate+ Equal Exchange Coffee), Hey everyone! So we've recently switched from Teese vegan cheese to Daiya cheese. 
Daiya is soy and gluten free, vegan, and great alternative for those trying to avoid dairy. And it taste pretty friggin' great., ~ Today’s Specials~ 

Pizza or Rice Entrée:
Roasted Garlic Sauce, Roated Cauliflower and White Button Mushrooms, Mozzarella and Fried Garlic

Soup (always vegan):
Tomato Basil

Salad:
Romaine, Boston Lettuce, Broccoli, Daikon Radish, Chipotle Cilantro & Pumpkin Seeds 

Dessert (always vegan):
Chocolate Orange Cake, Holiday Schedule info: We'll be closed all day tomorrow and Christmas day.  If you're hankering for some veggie goodness tomorrow, Veggie Galaxy will be open until 3PM (you can also still buy your last minute gift card while you're there for that special someone you still haven't gotten a gift for)., ~ Today’s Specials~ 

Pizza or Rice Entrée:
Roasted Garlic Sauce, Roated Cauliflower and White Button Mushrooms, Mozzarella and Fried Garlic

Soup (always vegan):
Tomato Basil

Salad:
Romaine, Boston Lettuce, Carrots, Daikon Radish, Chipotle Cilantro & Pumpkin Seeds 

Dessert (always vegan):
Chocolate Orange Cake, Still looking for that last minute gift or stocking stuffer?  There's still time to get a gift card that can be used at both Veggie Planet AND Veggie Galaxy!  Who wouldn't love that!?, It's cold out there!  Perfect day to come in for some Apple-Spice waffles!  Lots of other options as well at our Sunday brunch, 11AM-3PM., ~ Today’s Specials~ 

Pizza or Rice Entrée:
Roasted Green Peppers, Mozzarella, "Meaty" Tempeh Marinara & Red Pepper Flakes

Soup (always vegan):
Mushroom Barley

Salad:
Romaine, Boston Lettuce, Carrots, Daikon Radish, Lemon Parsley Dressing & Pumpkin Seeds 

Dessert (always vegan):
Chocolate Almond Cake, Take a break and come refuel with Veggie Planet brunch, 11am-3pm!

~Today’s Specials~
Pizza and rice entree:
Broccoli, cheddar cheese, tomato-onion chutney

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master):
Brussel sprouts, tomatoes, caramelized onions, cheddar cheese

Waffle:
Peanut butter banana

Soup (vegan):
Mushroom barley

Salad:
Romaine, Boston lettuce, shredded carrot, chickpeas, lemon-parsley dressing

Coffee Cake (always vegan!):
Molasses spice, Let's do lunch (11:30-3:30)!

~ Today’s Specials~ 
 
Pizza or Rice Entrée:
Broccoli, cheddar cheese,
tomato-onion chutney

Soup (always vegan):
Greens (spinach, kale, chard), sweet potato, and ginger

Salad:
Romaine, arugula, carrots, chickpeas,
lemon parsley dressing 

Dessert (always vegan):
Cranberry almond coffee cake, Today's Specials!

Pizza: Broccoli, Cheddar, Tomato Onion Chutney

Salad: Romaine, Baby Arugula, Carrots, Chickpeas, Lemon Parsley Dressing

Soup: Greens, Sweet Potato and Ginger

Cake: Cranberry Walnut, Did you know that we offer gift cards that can be used at both Veggie Planet and our sister restaurant, Veggie Galaxy!?  Perfect holiday gift., ****Today’s Specials****

Pizza and rice entree:
... Herbed tofu, mashed potatoes, mushroom gravy, cranberry sauce

Soup (vegan):
Sweet Potato, Chard and Ginger

Salad:
Romaine, red cabbage, tomatoes, green beans, creamy caraway dressing, walnuts

Coffee Cake (always vegan!):
Lemon-poppy seed, School starts again tomorrow. Brunch starts now! (11AM-3PM)

****Today’s Specials****

Pizza and rice entree:
Herbed tofu, mashed potatoes, mushroom gravy, cranberry sauce

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master):
Leeks, green beans, tomatoes, Asiago cheese

Waffle:
Cinnamon pear

Soup (vegan):
Butternut squash

Salad:
Romaine, red cabbage, tomatoes, green beans, creamy caraway dressing, walnuts

Coffee Cake (always vegan!):
Lemon-poppy seed, ~ Today’s Specials~ 

Pizza or Rice Entrée:
Thanksgiving Week Special... Herbed Tofu, Mashed Potatoes, Mushroom Gravy & Cranberry Sauce (yes, all on pizza or rice)

... Soup (always vegan):
Kale, Cabbage and White Beans

Salad:
Romaine, Red Cabbage, Green Beans, Tomatoes, Creamy Carraway Dressing & walnuts

Dessert (always vegan):
Banana Lime Cake, ~ Today’s Specials~ 

Pizza or Rice Entrée:
Thanksgiving Week Special... Herbed Tofu, Mashed Potatoes, Mushroom Gravy & Cranberry Sauce (yes, all on pizza or rice)

Soup (always vegan):
Kale with cabbage and frijoles

Salad:
Romaine, mesclun, tomatoes, black beans, smokey cilantro dressing & walnuts

Dessert (always vegan):
Zucchini Raisin Walnut, Tasty brunch, 11am-3pm!

~Today’s Specials~
Pizza and rice entree:
Roasted sweet potatoes, spinach, cheddar cheese, chipotle cream sauce (vegan)

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master):
Red peppers, caramelized onions, scallions, cheddar cheese

Waffle:
Peanut butter

Soup (vegan): 
Kale, cabbage and white bean

Salad:
Romaine, mescaline, tomato, black bean, smokey cilantro dressing, walnuts

Coffee Cake (always vegan!):
Zucchini raisin walnut, ~ Today’s Specials~ 

Pizza or Rice Entrée:
Roasted Sweet Potato, Spinach, Cheddar (Soy Available) & Vegan Chipotle Cream Sauce

Soup (always vegan):
Kale with cabbage and frijoles

Salad:
Romaine, mesclun, tomatoes, black beans, smokey cilantro dressing & walnuts

Dessert (always vegan):
Persimmon with almond, Enjoying the beautiful day? Make it better with a tasty Veggie Planet Lunch!

~ Today’s Specials~ 
 
Pizza or Rice Entrée:
Seitan, yellow curry, broccoli, caramelized onions, coconut rice (even on pizza)

Soup (always vegan):
Kale with cabbage and frijoles

Salad:
Romaine, mesclun, tomatoes, black beans, smokey cilantro dressing & walnuts

Dessert (always vegan):
Persimmon with walnut, Voted best brunch town by citizens of Milky Way!

Veggie Planet brunch (11am-3pm)

~Today’s Specials~
Pizza and rice entree:
Roasted potato, caramelized onion, cheddar cheese and house-made apple sauce

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master):
Spinach, tomato, red onion, feta, olives

Waffle:
Banana-nutmeg

Soup (vegan):
Spinach

Salad:
Romaine, baby arugula, pear, radicchio, smokey cilantro dressing & walnuts

Coffee Cake (always vegan!):
Pumpkin spice, Come eat our lunch!

**** Today’s Specials **** 
 
Pizza or Rice Entrée:
Roasted potatoes, caramelized onions, cheddar, and house-made applesauce

Soup (always vegan):
Spinach

Salad:
Romaine, baby arugula, pear, radicchio, smokey cilantro dressing & walnuts

Dessert (always vegan):
Pumpkin-chai, Our 2-month old sister restaurant, Veggie Galaxy, has been nominated for best vegetarian restaurant by the folks at the Weekly Dig.  Since there's no sibling rivalry here, we strongly encourage you all to vote for Veggie Galaxy to help get the word out about her.  Thanks!

http://digboston.com/experience/2011/10/dig-this-awards/, Toda's Specials...

Pizza or Rice: Roasted Potatoes, Caramelized Onions, Cheddar & Housemade Apple Sauce

Salad: Romaine, Radiccio, Local Pears, Baby Arugala, Smokey Cilantro Dressing and Walnuts
... 
Soup: Tomato-Lentil with Basil Pesto

Desserts (always vegan!): Banana Crumb Cake and/or Chocolate Espresso Cookies!, Toda's Specials...

Pizza or Rice: Roasted Potatoes, Caramelized Onions, Cheddar & Housemade Apple Sauce

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Carrots, Fennel, Creamy Ginger Dressing & Peanuts
 
Soup: Tomato-Lentil with Basil Pesto

Desserts (always vegan!): Banana Crumb Cake and/or Chocolate Espresso Cookies!, Checking out Head of the Charles? Head down to Veggie Planet for Sunday brunch! 

11am-3pm

*****Today’s Specials*****
Pizza and rice entree:
Aloo gobi: coconut rice, cauliflower, potatoes & chickpeas in a curried tomato sauce, with cilantro

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master):
Cauliflower, scallions, tomato, cheddar

Waffle:
Almond, poppy seed

Soup (vegan):
Tomato-lentil topped with basil pesto *contains nuts

Salad:
Romaine, red cabbage, carrot, fennel, (creamy) ginger dressing, pumpkin seeds

Coffee Cake (always Vegan):
Gingerbread, Head of The Charles weekend specials...

Pizza or Rice: Brussel Sprouts, Tomatoes, Swiss Cheese, Fried Shallots

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Carrots, Fennel, Creamy Ginger Dressing, Pumpkin Seeds

Soup: Black Bean Chili

Desserts (always vegan!): Gingerbread Cake, Guess what? COME TO BRUNCH!! (11am-3pm)

****Today’s Specials****

Pizza and rice entree:
Brussel sprouts, mushrooms, Swiss cheese, fried shallots

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master):
White mushrooms, broccoli, onions, cheddar

Waffle:
Cranberry-corn

Soup (vegan):
Black bean chili

Salad:
Romaine, frisee, beets, carrots, pumpkin seeds, and lemon tarragon dressing

Coffee Cake (always Vegan!):
Banana walnut, New Specials!

Pizza or Rice: Roasted brussel Sprouts, Portobello Mushrooms, Cheddar Cheese and Fried Shallots

Soup: Curried Carrot Apple OR Black Bean Chili

Salad: Romaine, Frisee, Green Beans, Carrots and Peanuts with Curry Dressing

Dessert (always vegan): Pumpkin Cake, We are OPEN on this lovely holiday Monday!, GoodMOOORRRNIIINNNNG!

Come wake up and relax at Veggie Planet brunch, 11am-3pm!

*****Today’s Specials*****
Pizza and rice entree:
Black figs, spinach, ricotta and goat cheese blend, chipotle glaze and chives

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master):
Cauliflower, tomatoes, cheddar, scallions

Waffle:
cinnamon chestnut

Soup (vegan):
Curried carrot apple

Salad:
Romaine, frisee, green beans carrots, peanuts, and creamy curry dressing

Coffee Cake (always Vegan!):
Apple cinnamon raisin, Despite the extended period since our last post, we actually did reopen after our special event last Monday...

Our current specials are:

Pizza or Rice: figs, spinach, goat cheese, chipotle glaze and chives

Soup: curry carrot and apple

Salad: romaine, frisee, carrots, green beans and curry dressing with peanuts

Dessert (always vegan): apple cinnamon-raisin, Veggie Planet will be closing at 2 today to prepare for a special event tonight!

Specials

Pizza or Rice: figs, spinach, goat cheese, chipotle glaze and chives

Soup: curry carrot and apple

Salad: romaine, frisee, carrots, green beans and curry dressing with peanuts

Dessert (always vegan): peanut banana cake and espresso chocolate oatmeal cookies, Oktoberfest Brunch!
We have CBC Pumpkin Ale (and amber of course).
We also have delicious breakfast, such as:

Omelet of the week: Leek, tomato, spinach and asiago

Waffles: Lemon poppy

Soup: Curried carrot apple

Coffee Cake: Banana Peanut (vegan and delicious, great with real or soy ice cream... yum.)

The secret brunch word: Schadenfreude
Say it at some point to your server and get your coffee and tea free!, New Specials!

Pizza or Rice: black figs, spinach, goat and ricotta blend, chipotle glaze and chives

Salad: romaine, baby arugala, carrots, broccoli, lime dressing and peanuts

Soup: carrot leek and lentil

Desserts (always vegan!): carrot cake and peanut butter oatmeal cookies, Get off of Facebook and come to brunch 11am-3pm!
...then get back onto Facebook and tell your friends to come.

*****SPECIALS*****

For those who favor the BR...

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master): White mushroom, spinach, tomato and goat cheese
Waffle: Chocolate Almond
Coffee Cake (always Vegan!): Lavender lemon cake (great with (soy?) vanilla ice cream!)

For those who favor the UNCH...

Pizza or Rice: Coconut rice (on pizza), broccoli, caramelized oniones and black pepper baked tofu
Salad: romaine, baby arugala, fennel, carrots and walnuts with a lime olive dressing
Soup: carrot leek and lentil, New Specials!

Pizza or Rice: Coconut rice (on pizza), broccoli, caramelized oniones and black pepper baked tofu

Salad: romaine, baby arugala, fennel, carrots and walnuts with a lime olive dressing

Soup: carrot leek and lentil, Specials!!

Pizza or Rice: Ricotta, Tomatoes, Spinach and Basil

Salad: Romaine, Boston Lettuce, Tomatoes, Green Lentils and Calamata Olives ith Basil Dressing

Soup: Tomato Basil (contains gluten)

Cake(always vegan): Mocha Chip, Our sister, Veggie Galaxy is closed today, on Monday. Tomorrow we'll go back to our weird schedule.
Thanks for understanding!, Come to brunch at , 11-3 today!

~Today’s Specials~
Pizza and rice entree
Ricotta, tomato, spinach, basil

Omelet (by Laz the omelet master)
Green peppers, red onions, tomato, cheddar

Waffle
Cinnamon-raisin with sautéed apple

Soup (vegan) 
Tomato Basil (contains gluten and is extremely delicious)

Salad
Romaine, green cabbage, tomatoes, green lentils, kalamata olives with basil dressing

Coffee Cake (always Vegan!)
Plum almond, Current Specials!
 
Pizza/Rice: Ricotta, Tomatoes, Spinach and Basil
 
Salad: Romaine, Cabbage, Green Lentils, Tomatoes and Calamata Olives with Basil Dressing
 
Soup: Tomato Basil
 
Cake: Lemon Pear, Credit card system seems good again., FYI, our credit card system is on the fritz and cards are not always able to go through.  Please come prepared with cash, just in case!, Current Specials!

Pizza/Rice: Ricotta, Tomatoes, Spinach and Basil

Salad: Romaine, Cabbage, Green Lentis, Tomatoes and Calamata Olives with Basil Dressing

Soup: Tomato Basil

Cake: Lemon Pear, Hours at our sister restaurant Veggie Galaxy have been extended, as we work our way toward a regular schedule.  Starting tomorrow, we'll be open 11AM to 3PM for breakfast/lunch and 5PM to 10PM for dinner (tonight we're open from 6PM to 9PM)., Current Specials

Pizza/Rice: Riccotta, Tomatoes, Caramelized Onions and Basil

Salad: Romaine, Green Cabbage, Green Lentils, Tomatoes, Calamata Olives and Basil Dressing

Soup: Tomato Basil

Cake: Lemon Pear, Good news - we have the full dining room tonight!  

Passim is having a free Celtic Music Monday jam night and the space is open to anyone who wants to sit down, have some food, enjoy some music and even play along if you want!

We will still have tables in the lobby for anyone looking for a quieter environment., Current Specials

Pizza/Rice: Riccotta, Spinach, Tomatoes and Basil

Salad: Romaine, Boston Lettuce, Carrots, Broccoli and Creamy Lime Dressing with Peanuts

Soup: Tomato Basil

Cake: Lemon Pear, Current Specials...

 Pizza/Rice: Ratatouille (Roasted Zucchini, Summer Squash, Eggplant, Onions, Tomatoes, Basil)

 Salad: Romaine, Green Cabbage, Carrots, Broccoli, Tofu-Lime Dressing & Peanuts

 Soup: Tomato-Basil (contains flour)

 Cake (always vegan): Carrot Raisin, Sunday brunch going on right now!  Until 3PM., Current Specials...
 
Pizza/Rice: Ratatouille (Roasted Zucchini, Summer Squash, Eggplant, Onions, Tomatoes, Basil)
 
Salad: Romaine, Green Cabbage, Carrots, Broccoli, Tofu-Lime Dressing & Peanuts
 
Soup: Tomato-Basil (contains flour)
 
Cake (always vegan): Carrot Raisin, Clarification:  The problem was at Veggie Galaxy, not Veggie Planet.  The problem also seems to have been fixed, so stop by either Galaxy or Planet to get fed., Ah, the joys of opening a new restaurant... we were having some final electrical work done, and somehow it shut down our entire gas/exhaust system, so we can't cook any food right now.  Looks like lunch may be delayed.  Will provide timely updates., Veggie Galaxy will be open for both lunch (11-2) and dinner (6-9) today and throughout the weekend.  More extended hours still to come.  Stop on by!, Another update on Veggie Galaxy's hours.  Galaxy will actually be open only for lunch today (11 to 2PM), though the retail bakery part will stay open until 7PM.

The kitchen will remain closed tomorrow and Thursday, as we evaluate how things have gone so far and how we can work out some initial kinks.  Again, the bakery will remain open - 11Am to 7PM both days.

We'll keep you updated as we work our way towards normal hours., Our sister restaurant just opened with limited hours until further notice. Veggie Galaxy will be open 11-2pm and 6-9pm!, Club Passim Campfire all Labor Day Weekend!

We're still serving food, and takeout is available!, We're hiring a part-time server! Stop by and fill out an application!, Current Specials...

Pizza/Rice: Ratatouille (Roasted Zucchini, Summer Squash, Eggplant, Onions, Red Pepper, Tomatoes, Basil)

Salad: Romaine, Green Cabbage, Carrots, Grapes, Basil Dressing & Walnuts

Soup: Mushroom Eggplant

Cake (always vegan): Vanilla Almond Poppy, Though our food service is closed, there is a free/donation based show going on at Passim! Raining Jane will go on @ 6pm we're serving CBC beer and our usual wine selection. We will also have desserts! Either we're in the eye of the storm or it's over, either way we're in a basement, so stop by!, With the MBTA down and a hurricane surging, we will be closed for the day.  Stay safe and dry at home today, and join us for lunch again on Monday!, Brunch Specials!

Waffles: SOLD OUT!

Pizza, rice or omelet special:
Black bean puree, red pepper, goat cheese & corn-mango-blackbean salsa!

Special Omelet:
Black beans, spinach, tomatoes & cheddar

Soup:
Summer Squash

Salad:
Romaine, cherry tomato, baby arugula, cucumbers, peanuts and basil dressing

Dessert:
Chocolate & Lemon Coconut Cupcakes
 Chocolate Chip & Black/White cookies

**If you come in and ask for Jon, he will give you a bear hug and free coffee.**, Veggie Planet's younger sister is very close to being born!...

www.veggiegalaxy.net, Quick heads up:  We're closed for lunch today for our 10-Year Anniversary Staff Party!  Will reopen at 5PM tonight., Current Specials...

Pizza/Rice: Eggplant, Pesto, Tomatoes & Cheddar

Salad: Romaine, Baby Arugula, Cherry Tomatoes, Cukes, Basil Dressing and Walnuts

Soup: Corn Chowder

Cake (always vegan): Nutmeg-Apricot, Current Specials...

Pizza/Rice: Eggplant, Pesto, Tomatoes & Cheddar

Salad: Romaine, Baby Arugula, Cherry Tomatoes, Basil Dressing and Walnuts

Soup: Corn Chowder

Cake (always vegan): Raspberry-Mint, Rainy Day Special! Say the secret words "It's really raining cats and dogs out there" and get free coffee! PS. We've got STRAWBERRY BASIL waffles today and no wait!, Nice rainy day for a Sunday brunch!

Brunch Specials...
Omelet: Roasted Green Peppers, Tomatoes, Red Onions & Cheddar
Waffles: Strawberry-Basil
Plus Breakfast Pizzas, Tofu Scramble & More!

All Day Specials...
Pizza/Rice: Eggplant, Pesto, Tomatoes & Cheddar
Soup: Corn Chowder
Salad: Romaine, Baby Arugula, Cherry Tomatoes, Basil Dressing and Walnuts
Cake (always vegan): Raspberry-Mint!, Current Specials...

Pizza/Rice: Eggplant, Pesto, Tomatoes & Cheddar

Salad: Romaine, Baby Arugula, Cherry Tomatoes, Basil Dressing and Walnuts

Soup: Corn Chowder

Cake (always vegan): Cinnamon Poppy, Current Specials...

Pizza/Rice: Seitan, Eggplant, Tomatoes & Cheddar

Salad: Romaine, Broccoli, Carrots, Daikon Radish, Basil Dressing and Walnuts

Soup: Cold Ginger Beet

Cake (always vegan): Cinnamon Poppy, Current Specials...

Pizza/Rice: House Made Bread and Butter Pickles, Red Onions, Cheddar Cheese and Vegan Tziki

Salad: Romaine, Napa Cabbage, Carrots, Daikon Radish, Lemon Sumac Dressing and Walnuts

Soup: Cold Ginger Beet

Cake (always vegan): Vanilla Nectarine, We're closed tonight for a special Veggie Galaxy preview tasting menu.  Sold out!, Not going to make it to brunch today?  Ever wish you could come to Veggie Planet for dinner and not have to squeeze into the tiny space near the kitchen?  Well, tonight you can!  The show at Club Passim has been canceled, so the full dining room is available... all night!  Bring all your friends - there's plenty of room., Today's Brunch Specials...
Peach Cinnamon Waffles
Asparagus, Tomato & Cheddar Omelet
Breakfast Pizzas!

All Day Specials...
Pizza/Rice: House Made Bread and Butter Pickles, Red Onions, Cheddar Cheese and Vegan Tziki
Salad: Romaine, Napa Cabbage, Carrots, Daikon Radish, Lemon Sumac Dressing and Walnuts
Soup: Cold Ginger Beet

Cake (always vegan): Nectarine, Current Specials...

Pizza/Rice: House Made Bread and Butter Pickles, Red Onions, Cheddar Cheese and Vegan Tziki

Salad: Romaine, Napa Cabbage, Carrots, Daikon Radish, Lemon Sumac Dressing and Walnuts

Soup: Cold Ginger Beet

Cake (always vegan): Vanilla Nectarine, Veggie Planet is hiring! http://t.co/9, Come in for Sunday Brunch!  11AM-3PM, Now hiring for all positions over at soon-to-open Veggie Galaxy.  See details at www.veggiegalaxy.net
, Current Specials...

Pizza/Rice: Spiced Chickpea Mash, Tomatoes, Vegan Tzatziki & Bread n' Butter Pickles

Salad: Romaine, Tomatoes, Baby Arugula, Daikon Radish, Walnuts & Basil Dressing

Soup: Spicy Pink Gazpacho

Cake (always vegan): Banana Walnut, Current Specials...

Pizza/Rice: House Pickled Cucumber and Red Onions, Spiced Chickpea Mash, Cheddar Cheese and Vegan Tziki

Salad: Romaine, Tomatoes, Baby Arugula, Daikon Radish, Walnuts & Basil Dressing

Soup: Spicy Pink Gazpacho

Cake (always vegan): Banana Walnut, Current Specials...

Pizza/Rice: House Pickled Cucumber and Red Onions, Spiced Chickpea Mash, Cheddar Cheese and Vegan Tziki

Salad: Romaine, Tomatoes, Baby Arugula, Zucchini, Walnuts & Basil Dressing

Soup: Spicy Pink Gazpacho

Cake (always vegan): Banana Walnut, Take a break from the heat.  Come cool off at Veggie Planet, and have some Sunday brunch while you're at it!, A beautiful Saturday to enjoy Veggie Planet!

Current Specials...

Pizza/Rice: Roasted Cauliflower, White Mushrooms, Mozzarella, Asiago and Chili Flakes

Salad: Romaine, Tomatoes, Baby Arugula, Zucchini, Walnuts & Basil Dressing

Soup: Spicy Pink Gazpacho

Cake (always vegan): Carrot-Ginger, Current Specials...

Pizza/Rice: Roasted Cauliflower, White Mushrooms, Mozzarella, Asiago and Chili Flakes

Salad: Romaine, Tomatoes, Baby Arugula, Zucchini, Walnuts & Basil Dressing

Soup: Spicy Pink Gazpacho

Cake (always vegan): Carrot-Ginger, Current Specials...

Pizza/Rice: Roasted Cauliflower, White Mushrooms, Mozzarella, Asiago and Chili Flakes

Salad: Romaine, Tomatoes, Baby Arugula, Zucchini, Walnuts & Basil Dressing

Soup: Spicy Pink Gazpacho

Cake (always vegan): Carrot-Ginger, Current Specials...

Pizza/Rice: Roasted Cauliflower, White Mushrooms, Mozzarella, Asiago and Chili Flakes

Salad: Romaine, Tomatoes, Baby Arugula, Zucchini, Walnuts & Basil Dressing

Soup: Spicy Pink Gazpacho

Cake (always vegan): Carrot-Ginger, Saturday Specials...

Pizza/Rice: Roasted Cauliflower, White Mushrooms, Mozzarella, Asiago and Chili Flakes

Salad: Romaine, Tomatoes, Baby Arugula, Zucchini, Walnuts & Basil Dressing

Soup: Spicy Pink Gazpacho

Cake (always vegan): Cherry Almond or Peanut Butter Chocolate Chunk, Current Specials...

Pizza/Rice: Roasted Cauliflower, White Mushrooms, Mozzarella, Asiago and Chili Flakes

Salad: Romaine, Tomatoes, Baby Arugula, Zucchini, Walnuts & Basil Dressing

Soup: Spicy Pink Gazpacho

Cake (always vegan): Cherry Almond, Current Specials...

Pizza/Rice: Roasted Cauliflower, White Mushrooms, Mozzarella, Asiago and Chili Flakes

Salad: Romaine, Tomatoes, Broccoli, Curry Dressing and Walnuts

Soup: Chilled Cucumber Dill

Cake (always vegan): Cherry Almond, Hope you all had a nice July 4th weekend!

Current Specials...

Pizza/Rice: Broccoli, Tomatoes, Sesame-Ginger Tofu Mash, Cilantro & Peanuts

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Tomatoes, Green Beans, Curry Dressing & Walnuts 

Soup: Chilled Cucumber Dill

Cake (always vegan): Lemon Poppyseed, Do you like waffles? (They are not to be missed this week!) Are  you in town for this weekend? Come to brunch! We're open until 3p.

Special omlete: green bean, tomato and goat cheese
Waffle: Strawberry Orange Cardamom

See previous post for other specials. See you soon!!, Current Specials:

Pizza/Rice: Broccoli, Tomatoes, Sesame-Ginger Tofu Mash, Cilantro & Peanuts

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Tomatoes, Green Beans, Curry Dressing & Walnuts 

Soup: Chilled Cucumber Dill

Cake (always vegan): Lemon Poppyseed, Current Specials:

Pizza/Rice: Broccoli, Tomatoes, Sesame-Ginger Tofu Mash, Cilantro & Peanuts

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Tomatoes, Green Beans, Curry Dressing & Walnuts 

Soup: Chilled Cucumber Dill

Cake (always vegan): Rosemary-Caraway, To any of you who think that we in the restaurant biz don't have to be multi-skilled problem solvers, you might be interested to hear that we were able to fix our pizza oven ourselves... by plugging it in!  (yep, the plug was loose).  The oven is heating up right now, and should be cooking pizzas by 4:00PM or so., curses to the pizza gods!

Our oven is currently not working.  The repair men will beack tomorrow morning at the latest.  Stay tuned and we will let you know when its up again., Current Specials:

Pizza/Rice: Broccoli, Tomatoes, Sesame-Ginger Tofu Mash & Cashews

Salad: Romaine, Broccoli, Black Quinoa, Tomatoes, Lemon-Parsley Dressing & Walnuts 

Soup: Chilled Cucumber Dill

Cake (always vegan): Rosemary-Caraway, Current Specials:

Pizza/Rice: Broccoli, Tomatoes, Sesame-Ginger Tofu Mash & Cashews

Salad: Romaine, Broccoli, Black Quinoa, Tomatoes, Lemon-Parsley Dressing & Walnuts 

Soup: Chilled Cucumber Dill

Cake (always vegan): Lime-Corn, Yes, our electricity is back - serving Sunday brunch right now!  Waffles, omelets, breakfast pizzas!, NSTAR has decided to turn the power off for our block tomorrow morning, so we might need to open late.  They have told us they are turning it off at 9 am for three hourse.  Tune in for more updates!, Current Specials:

Pizza/Rice: Jerk Tofu, Plantains, Caramelized Onions, Scallions & Pepper-Jack Cheese

Salad: Romaine, Broccoli, Black Quinoa, Tomatoes, Lemon-Parsley Dressing & Walnuts 

Soup: Soupe Au Pistou

Cake (always vegan): Almond-Chocolate, Current Specials:

Pizza/Rice: Jerk Tofu, Plantains, Caramelized Onions, Scallions & Pepper-Jack Cheese

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Carrots, Chickpeas, Scallions &Lime Cilantro Dressing 

Soup: Soupe Au Pistou

Cake (always vegan): Almond-Chocolate, Brunch!!!

~Today’s Specials~
Pizza and rice entree
Jerk Tofu, Plantains, Caramelized Onions, Scallions & Pepper-Jack Cheese

Omelet
Black Bean Puree, Green Pepper & Pepper-Jack Cheese

Waffle (Really Good!)
Apple Sage

Soup (vegan)
Soup Au Pistou

Salad
Romaine, Red Cabbage, carrots, chickpeas and cilantro-lime dressing

Coffee Cake (always Vegan!)
Almond Chocolate, Current Specials:

Pizza/Rice: Jerk Tofu, Plantains, Caramelized Onions, Scallions & Pepper-Jack Cheese

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Carrots, Chickpeas, Scallions &Lime Cilantro Dressing 

Soup: Almond Gazpacho or Soupe Au Pistou

Cake (always vegan): Pineapple-Coconut, Current Specials:

Pizza/Rice: Jerk Tofu, Plantains, Caramelized Onions, Scallions & Pepper-Jack Cheese

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Carrots, Chickpeas, Scallions &Lime Cilantro Dressing 

Soup: Cold Almond Gazpacho

Cake (always vegan): Banana Raisin, Current Specials:

Pizza/Rice: tBLT (tempeh bacon, tomatoes, cheddar cheese and fresh baby spinach)

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Carrots, Chickpeas, Lime Cilantro Dressing 

Soup: Almond Gazpacho

Cake (always vegan): Banana Raisin, Current Specials:

Pizza/Rice: tBLT (tempeh bacon, tomatoes, cheddar cheese and fresh baby spinach)

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Carrots, Chickpeas, Lime Cilantro Dressing 

Soup: Almond Gazpacho OR Tomato Daal, Brunch!!!
p.s. my neck tatoo is (not) real
<3
Jon
~Today’s Specials~
Pizza and rice entree
Tempeh Bacon, tomato, cheddar and fresh baby spinach

Omelet
Asparagus, tomato and cheddar

Waffle (Really Good!)
Lemon Ginger

Soup (vegan)
Tomato Daal –or- almond gazpacho

Salad
Romaine, Red Cabbage, carrots, chickpeas and cilantro-lime dressing

Coffee Cake (always Vegan!)
Blueberry, Current Specials:

Pizza/Rice: tBLT (tempeh bacon, tomatoes, cheddar cheese and fresh baby spinach)

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Carrots, Chickpeas, Lime Cilantro Dressing 

Soup: Almond Gazpacho OR Tomato Daal

Dessert (always vegan): Blueberry Cake, New Specials!

Pizza/Rice: tBLT (tempeh bacon, tomatoes, cheddar cheese and fresh baby spinach)

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Carrots, Chickpeas, Lime Cilantro Dressing 

Soup: Almond Gazpacho OR Tomato Daal

Cake: Jackie's Blueberry Cake, Today's Specials...

Pizza/Rice: BBQ Seitan, Broccoli, Red Onion & Cheddar

Soup: Almond Gazpacho OR Tomato Dal 
...
Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Tomato, Broccoli, Honey Mustard Dressing & Peanuts 

Cake (always vegan): Jackie's Blueberry Cake, Heads up that there's no show tonight, so the full dining room will be available.  If you don't feel like eating at home tonight, come on down, sit on real chairs instead of our usual stools!!, stretch your legs, and enjoy some great Veggie Planet food!, Today's Specials...

Pizza/Rice: BBQ Seitan, Broccoli, Red Onion & Cheddar

Soup: Tomato Dal

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Tomato, Broccoli, Honey Mustard Dressing & Peanuts 

Cake (always vegan): Strawberry-Lemon, Today's Specials...

Brunch - 
Omelet: Roasted Leeks, Tomatoes & Cheddar
Waffle: Banana-Honey

All Day -
Pizza/Rice: BBQ Seitan, Broccoli, Red Onion & Smoked Cheddar
Soup: Tomato Dal
Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Tomato, Broccoli, Honey Mustard Dressing & Peanuts 
Cake: Strawberry-Lemon, Today's Specials...

Pizza/Rice: BBQ Seitan, Broccoli, Red Onion & Cheddar

Soup: Tomato Dal

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Tomato, Broccoli, Honey Mustard Dressing & Peanuts 

Cake (always vegan): Strawberry-Lemon, There are no shows at Passim tonight or tomorrow night, so the main dining room is available for all of you!  Come on down, make yourselves comfortable, and enjoy some great food while sitting on real chairs!, Today's Specials...

Pizza/Rice: BBQ Seitan, Broccoli, Red Onion & Smoked Cheddar

Soup: Tomato Dal

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Tomato, Broccoli, Honey Mustard Dressing & Peanuts 

Cake (always vegan): Lavendar Vanilla Poppy, Last month, our staff had the difficult job of taste testing several local chocolates for use in our brownies.  Taza Chocolate, from Somerville, won hands down with it's 70% stone ground dark chocolate. 

Our first batch with the new chocolate came out of the oven this morning - stop by later to try it for your self!, Today is the last day of Passim's Campfire festival.  Takeout only is still in effect unless you're attending the festival.

Today's Specials...

Pizza/Rice: BBQ Seitan, Broccoli, Red Onion & Smoked Cheddar

Soup: Tomato Dal

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Tomato, Broccoli, Honey Mustard Dressing & Peanuts 

Cake: Strawberry-Tarragon, Brunch is being served today as usual!  

Today's Specials...

Brunch - 
Omelet: Polynesian Red Onion and Asparagus Sautee with Smoked Cheddar and Coconut Rice
Waffle: Coconut Lime

All Day -
Pizza/Rice: BBQ Seitan, Broccoli, Red Onion & Smoked Cheddar
Soup: Tomato Dal
Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Tomato, Broccoli, Honey Mustard Dressing & Peanuts 
Cake: Strawberry-Tarragon!, 
Check out this nice article about Veggie Planet and our collaboration with Club Passim...

http://www.beantownsbest.com/townsquare/?p=223, Reminder - Takeout only today unless you're attending Club Passim's Campfire Festival.  But it's a great day for takeout, so come on by!

Today's Specials:
Pizza/Rice Dish: BBQ Seitan, Broccoli, Red Onion and Smoked Cheddar

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Tomatoes, Broccoli and Peanuts with HOney Mustard Dressing

Soup (always vegan): Tomato Dal

Vegan Cake: Banana Walnut, Today's Specials:
Pizza: BBQ Seitan, Broccoli, Red Onion and Smoked Cheddar

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Tomatoes, Broccoli and Peanuts with HOney Mustard Dressing

Soup (always vegan): Tomato Dal

Vegan Cake: Banana Walnut, New Special Pizza!!  BBQ Seitan, Broccoli, Red Onion & Smoked Cheddar!, This weekend Club Passim will be hosting their Campfire Festival - dozens of performers playing on their stage friday night until monday!

Veggie Planet will be take-out only, though, for customers who are not attending Campfire.  Luckily, it is going to be a beautiful weekend - perfect for take-out and picnics!, Today's Specials:

Special Pizza/Rice Dish: Sesame-Roasted Fiddleheads, Potatoes, Scallions & Cheddar

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Red Onions, Strawberry-Poppy Seed Dressing, Walnuts & Feta or Tofu-Basil Mash

Soup: Tomato Dal

Dessert (always vegan): Banana-Walnut, Our phone is back!  And we also have a new cake - Vegan Banana Walnut., Attention: Our phone lines are currently down, so we won't be able to take any call-in orders today. Sorry about that! Other than that, everything's working!

Today's Specials:

Special Pizza/Rice Dish: Sesame-Roasted Fiddleheads, Potatoes, Scallions & Cheddar

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Red Onions, Strawberry-Poppy Seed Dressing, Walnuts & Feta or Tofu-Basil Mash

Soup: Green Pea, Today's Specials:

Special Pizza/Rice Dish: Sesame-Roasted Fiddleheads, Potatoes, Scallions & Cheddar

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Radishes, Red Onions, Strawberry-Poppy Seed Dressing & Walnuts

Soup: Green Pea, Today's Specials:

Brunch
Omelet:Fresh Peas, Caramelized Onions & Goat Cheese
Waffle: Lemon Pistachio

All Day
Pizza/Rice Dish: Roasted Fiddle Heads, Squash, Scallions & Cheddar
Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Radishes, Walnuts & Strawberry-Poppy Dressing
Cake: Vegan Black-Pepper Lemon Cake, Today's Specials:

Special Pizza/Rice Dish: Sesame-Roasted Fiddleheads, Potatoes, Scallions & Cheddar

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Radishes, Red Onions, Strawberry-Poppy Seed Dressing & Walnuts

Soup: Green Pea 

Dessert (always vegan): Carrot Cake, Current Specials:

Special Pizza/Rice Dish: Marinated Onions, Tomatoes, Basil-Walnut Pesto & Feta

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Oranges, Strawberry-Poppy Seed Dressing & Walnuts

Soup: Green Pea 

Dessert (always vegan): Blueberry Corn Cake, Current Specials:

Special Pizza/Rice Dish: Marinated Onions, Tomatoes, Basil-Walnut Pesto & Feta

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Oranges, Strawberry-Poppy Seed Dressing & Walnuts

Soup: Green Pea 

Dessert (always vegan): Banana Walnut Cardamom Cake, Current Specials:

Special Pizza/Rice Dish: Marinated Onions, Tomatoes, Basil-Walnut Pesto & Feta

Salad: Romaine, Radishes, Oranges, Chipotle-Cilantro Dressing & Pepitas

Soup: Spinach

Dessert (always vegan): Banana Walnut Cardamom Cake, Saturday Specials:

Special Pizza/Rice Dish: Marinated Onions, Tomatoes, Basil-Walnut Pesto & Feta

Salad: Romaine, Radishes, Oranges, Chipotle-Cilantro Dressing & Pepitas

Soup: Spinach

Dessert (always vegan): Banana Walnut Cardamom Cake, or, as we're calling it... Nanernut Partycrumb!, Current Specials:

Special Pizza/Rice Dish: Marinated Onions, Tomatoes, Basil-Walnut Pesto & Feta

Salad: Romaine, Radishes, Oranges, Chipotle-Cilantro Dressing & Pepitas

Soup: Spinach

Dessert (always vegan): Banana Chocolate Chip Walnut Muffins, Current Specials:

Special Pizza/Rice Dish: Broccoli, Cheddar & Tomato-Onion Chutney

Salad: Romaine, Radishes, Oranges, Chipotle-Cilantro Dressing & Pepitas

Soup: Spicy Spinach

Dessert (always vegan): Banana Chocolate Chip Walnut Muffins, Current Specials:

Special Pizza/Rice Dish: Broccoli, Cheddar & Tomato-Onion Chutney

Salad: Romaine, Radishes, Oranges, Chipotle-Cilantro Dressing & Pepitas

Soup: Carrot Tarragon

Cake (always vegan): Rhubarb-Walnut, Happy Cinco de Mayo!

Special Pizza: Black Bean Puree, Spinach, Queso Fresco and Mole Negro (contains peanuts and almonds)

Salad: Romaine, Cherry Tomatoes, Broccoli, Red Onion, Sesame Dressing and Peanuts

Soup: Carrot Tarragon, Current Specials:

Pizza or Rice: Asparagus, Cheddar & Tomato-Onion Chutney

Salad: Romaine, Cherry Tomatoes, Broccoli, Red Onion, Sesame-Ginger Dressing & Peanuts

Soup: Carrato Tarragon

Cake (always vegan!): Coconut-Raspberry, New Cake!  Coconut-Raspberry!!, Come enjoy May Fair in Harvard Square today, and stop in Veggie Planet for a great brunch.

Today's Specials:

BRUNCH
Omelet: Kale, Tomatoes, Leeks and Cheddar
Waffle: Good Ol' Fashioned Plain

ALL DAY
Pizza or Rice: Asparagus, Cheddar & Tomato-Onion Chutney
Salad: Romaine, Cherry Tomatoes, Broccoli, Red Onion, Sesame-Ginger Dressing & Peanuts
Soup: Carrato Tarragon
Cake (always vegan!): PB&J!, We have a few seats left open for our Monday Night Dinner on May 1st.  Four courses, all vegan, $25.  Email Adam@veggieplanet.net for reservations!, Todays Specials:

Pizza or Rice: Asparagus, Cheddar Cheese, Tomatoe Onion Chutney

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Broccoli, Cherry Tomatoes with Sesame ginger Dressing and peanuts

Soup: Carrot Tarragon

Cake: Lemon Corn, Today's Specials:

Pizza or Rice: Sauteed Kale, Tomatoes, Goat Cheese and Asiago

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Broccoli, Cherry Tomatoes with Seasame Ginger Dressing and Peanuts

Soup: Tomato-Basil (containes wheat)

Dessert (always vegan): Lemon Corn Cake, Just brewed up a cup of our newest addition to our tea service - Organic Gunpowder from MEM Tea in sommerville.  Stop by to try some for yourself!, Current Specials:

Pizza or Rice: Sauteed Kale, Tomatoes, Goat Cheese and Asiago

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Broccoli, Cherry Tomatoes with Seasame Ginger Dressing and Peanuts

Soup: Tomato-Basil (containes wheat), Happy Easter!!!
Free Italian Soda if you bring us a painted egg!
Brunch Specials are...

Waffle: Almond Chocolate Orange
Omlette: Green pepper, black bean puree and pepperjack cheese
Cake: Lemon Poppy (vegan!)
Sorbet Special: Blood Orange (vegan!)

See you soon!!, Back from the Earth Day event, people seemed pretty excited about the vegan desserts.  We've still got a lot left over, though, so we're now selling special desserts at Veggie Planet while they last: Coconut Lemon Cupcakes, Mini-Cheesecakes topped with strawberries, Boston Cream Cupcakes, Mini-Chocolate Cream Pies, and Big Chocolate Chip Cookies made with Taza Chocolate.  All delicious!, If you want to preview some of Veggie Galaxy's (www.veggiegalaxy.net) vegan baked goods, head over to Harvard Law's Earth Day fair at Holmes Field from 11:30 to 1:30 today!

Back at Veggie Planet, today's specials are:

Pizza or Rice: Sauteed Kale, Tomatoes, Goat Cheese and Asiago

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Broccoli, Cherry Tomatoes with Seasame Ginger Dressing and Peanuts

Soup: Tomato-Basil (contains wheat)

 , Join us for our next Monday Night Dinner, May 2 7 pm! Four courses, all vegan, only $25.  Reservations should be made with adam@veggieplanet.net  (please let us know of any allergies when you make your reservation)

Fava Bean Soup
Asparagus Panzanella
Creamed Spinach with Roasted Chickpeas and Carrot Slaw 
Meyer Lemon Sorbet and Coconut Soda Floats with Pinenut Brittle
 **Dinner Served with House Made Lemonade**, Today's Specials:

Pizza or Rice: Sauteed Kale, Tomatoes, Goat Cheese and Asiago

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Broccoli, Cherry Tomatoes with Seasame Ginger Dressing and Peanuts

Soup: Tomato-Basil (containes wheat), Things are heating up with our second restaurant, Veggie Galaxy, and we are putting together our application for a beer and wine license.  Help us out and sign our petition when you stop by for your favorite pizza this week!, Club Passim's show was cancelled tonight, so come join us for dinner in the main dining room!, Today's Specials:

Pizza or Rice: Sauteed Kale, Tomatoes, Goat Cheese and Asiago

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Broccoli, Cherry Tomatoes with Seasame Ginger Dressing and Peanuts

Soup: Tomato-Basil (containes wheat), Today's Specials:

BRUNCH
Omelet: Asparagus, Caramelized Onion, Tomato & Cheddar
Waffle: Apple Cinnamon

ALL DAY
Pizza or Rice: Sauteed Kale, Tomatoes, Goat Cheese and Asiago
Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Beets, Carrots, Basil Dressing and Pumpkin Seeds
Soup: Tomato-Basil (containes wheat)
Cake (always vegan!): Almond Chocolate Chip, Saturday Specials:

Pizza or Rice: Sauteed Kale, Tomatoes, Goat Cheese and Asiago

Salad: Romaine, Radicchio, Beets, Carrots, Basil Dressing and Pumpkin Seeds

Soup: Tomato-Basil (containes wheat)

Cake (always vegan!): Ginger Chai Spice!, Current Specials:

Pizza or Rice: Vegan Portobella Cream Sauce, Spinach, Cheddar Cheese and Scallions

Salad: Romaine, Radicchio, Beets, Carrots, Basil Dressing and Pumpkin Seeds

Soup: Lemon Leek Potato Dill

Cake (always vegan!): Banana Peanut, Current Specials:

Pizza or Rice: Vegan Portobella Cream Sauce, Spinach, Cheddar Cheese and Scallions

Salad: Romaine, Radicchio, Beets, Carrots, Basil Dressing and Pumpkin Seeds

Soup: Lemon Leek Potato Dill

Cake (always vegan!): Chocolate Almond with Raspberry Swirl, Turns out we found someone else to donate the wraps to - there's an event at the Democracy Center in Cambridge tonight, so the wraps are on their way there.  Glad they're not going to waste!, Free wraps available while they last!  We had a donation mix-up today, so have some platters of Caesar Salad, Peanut Curry and Mexican Bean wraps!  We're giving them away for free, so not sure how long they'll last.  If you're in the neigborhood, stop by!, New Special Dessert!  Chocolate Almond Raspberry Swirl Cake (Vegan), Current Specials:

Pizza or Rice: Vegan Portobella Cream Sauce, Spinach, Cheddar Cheese and Scallions

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Beets, Carrots, Basil Dressing and Pumpkin Seeds

Soup: Lemon Leek Potato Dill

Cake (always vegan!): Lemon Poppy with Pinenuts, Another quick reminder about the Veggie Galaxy blog for those interested in following the progress of our new veggie diner opening up in Central Square.  Actual construction should begin in a couple of weeks!

www.veggiegalaxy.net
, Current Specials:

Pizza or Rice: Vegan Portobella Cream Sauce, Spinach, Cheddar Cheese and Scallions

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Beets, Carrots, Basil Dressing and Pumpkin Seeds

Soup: Lemon Leek Potato Dill

Cake (always vegan!): Lemon Poppy with Pinenuts, Current Specials:

Pizza or Rice: Baby Arugula, Artichoke Hearts, Kalamata Olives and Feta Cheese

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Beets, Carrots, Basil Dressing and Pumpkin Seeds

Soup: Lemon Leek Potato Dill, Special Brunch Specials!!

Waffle: Pumpkin spice

Omlete of the week: green pepper, black bean puree and pepperjack cheese., Current Specials:

Pizza or Rice: Baby Arugula, Artichoke Hearts, Kalamata Olives and Feta Cheese

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Beets, Carrots, Basil Dressing  and Pumpkin Seeds

Soup: Hot Borscht

Cake: Vegan Oatmeal Raisin Peanut Butter Cake!!, Add to our current specials: Vegan Peanut Butter Oatmeal Raisin Cake (all one cake)!!, Current Specials:

Pizza or Rice: Baby Arugula, Artichoke Hearts, Kalamata Olives and Feta Cheese

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Green Beans, Tomatoes and Peanuts with Mint Lime Chili Dressing

Soup: Borscht, We just got the pizza oven up and running!  It will take a little while to heat up, though, so pizza should be available starting at about 12:30!, Still shooting for our pizza oven to be fixed tomorrow, so one more day of forced cold tofurkey (I need my pizza!).

Current Specials:

Brown or Coconut Rice: Baby Arugula, Artichoke Hearts, Kalamata Olives and Feta Cheese

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Green Beans, Tomatoes and Peanuts with Mint Lime Chili Dressing

Soup: Borscht, Turns out we need a new motor for the pizza oven, on order, expected to be installed Wednesday morning.  Until then, no pizza.

Current Specials:

No Pizza, but on Brown or Coconut Rice: Baby Arugula, Artichoke Hearts, Kalamata Olives and Feta Cheese

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Green Beans, Tomatoes and Peanuts with Mint Lime Chili Dressing

Soup: Borscht, Our pizza oven is down once again - some sort of electrical shorting issue that the repair guys are coming back tomorrow morning to try to figure out.

In the meantime, for brunch, we're serving anything that would normally be a pizza as a burrito instead (and of course, as our usual rice options as well).  

Hopefully, the pizza oven will be back up for lunch tomorrow - we'll keep you updated.  SORRY!, New Specials for a lazy Saturday Lunch:
 Pizza or Rice: Baby Arugula, Artichoke Hearts, Kalamata Olives and Feta Cheese

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Green Beans, Tomatoes and Peanuts with Mint Lime Chili Dressing

Soup: Borscht

Cake (always vegan!): Chocolate Orange Chunk Cake, Current Specials:

Pizza or Rice: Roasted Fennel, Caramelized Onions, Goat Cheese & Asiago

Salad: Romaine, Baby Arugula, Red Cabbage, Green Beans, Tomatoes, Peanuts & Viet Lime Mint Chile Dressing

Soup: Hot Borscht

Dessert (always vegan): Orange Chocolate Cake and Banana Chocolate Muffins, New (delicious) vegan cake: cardamom pistachio!, FYI, another Veggie Galaxy blog post just went up.  Continue to follow the progress of our soon-to-be sister restaurant at www.veggiegalaxy.net! 

, Hope you had a great weekend!  

Today's Specials:

Pizza or Rice: Roasted Fennel, Caramelized Onions, Goat Cheese & Asiago

Salad: Romaine, Baby Arugula, Red Cabbage, Green Beans, Tomatoes, Peanuts & Viet Lime Mint Chile Dressing

Soup: Hot Borscht

Dessert (always vegan): Lavendar Orange Cake and Banana Chocolate Muffins, Come in for Sunday Brunch!  Breakfast Pizzas, Waffles, Omelets, Tofu Scramble, Mimosas, Bellinis & More!

Today's Specials:

Omelet: Endive, Tomato & Herbed Chevre

Waffle: Corn Cake!

Pizza or Rice: Roasted Fennel, Caramelized Onions, Goat Cheese & Asiago

Salad:  Romaine, Baby Arugula, Broccoli, Red Onions & Walnuts with Basil Star Anise Dressing

Soup: Hot Borscht

Coffee Cake: Lavendar Orange, Saturday's Specials:

Pizza or Rice: Roasted Fennel, Caramelized Onions, Goat Cheese & Asiago

Salad: Romaine, Baby Arugula, Pears, Red Onions & Walnuts with Basil Star Anise Dressing

Soup: Sweet Potato, Sage & Chipotle

Dessert: Vegan Banana Chocolate Chip Muffins, Spring is definitely blowing in the wind!  Come celebrate.

Today's Specials:

Pizza or Rice: Roasted Fennel, Caramelized Onions, Goat Cheese, Asiago & Tarragon

Salad: Romaine, Mizuna, Pears, Cucumbers, Red Onions & Walnuts with Basil Star Anise Dressing

Soup: Sweet Potato, Sage & Chipotle

Dessert: Lemon Poppy Cake & Banana Chocolate Chip Muffins, We are slowly adapting to new technology..if you haven't yet, check us out on twitter @VeggiePlanetHSQ, For those of you who don't already know, we do serve beer after 5PM.  So don't let the fact that it's Saint Patrick's Day prevent you from getting a great dinner at Veggie Planet even if you have drinking plans., Happy St Patrick's Day!  We're not doing anything special for it, but then again, we do something special every day.

Today's Specials:

Pizza or Rice: Roasted Fennel, Caramelized Onions, Bleu Cheese, Asiago & Tarragon

Salad: Romaine, Mizuna, Pears, Cucumbers, Red Onions & Walnuts with Basil Star Anise Dressing

Soup: Sweet Potato, Sage & Chipotle

Dessert: Lemon Poppy Cake & Banana Chocolate Chip Muffins, Today's Specials:

Pizza or Rice: Roasted Fennel, Caramelized Onions, Bleu Cheese, Asiago and Tarragon

Salad: Romaine, Mizuna, Pears, Cucumbers, Red Onions and Walnuts with a Basil Star Anise Dressing

Soup: Sweet Potato, Sage & Chipotle (one soup)

Dessert (always vegan!): Lemon Poppy Cake and Banana Chocolate Chip Muffins, For anyone interested in staying updated on the progress of Veggie Planet's soon-to-be sister restaurant, Veggie Galaxy, you can now follow that progress on the new Veggie Galaxy blog.  You can access it through the link on Veggie Planet's home page.  And feel free to share the link - we hope lots of people will be excited to find out more!

www.veggieplanet.net
, Today's Specials:

Pizza or Rice: Roasted Fennel, Caramelized Onions, Bleu Cheese, Asiago and Tarragon

Salad: Romaine, Mizuna, Pears, Cucumbers, Red Onions and Walnuts with a Basil Star Anise Dressing

Soup: Sweet Potato, Sage & Chipotle (one soup)

Dessert (always vegan!): Lemon Poppy Cake and Banana Chocolate Chip Muffins, Oops...Correction on our Special Soup!  We're now serving a Sweet Potato, Sage & Chipotle soup.  Still delicious!, Start your week right at Veggie Planet!

Today's Specials:

Pizza or Rice: Roasted Fennel, Caramelized Onions, Bleu Cheese, Asiago and Tarragon

Salad: Romaine, Mizuna, Pears, Cucumbers, Red Onions and Walnuts with a Basil Star Anise Dressing

Soup: Mushroom Barley

Dessert: Choice of either lemon ginger or lemon poppy cake (both vegan)!, Stop by Veggie Planet for brunch this morning. We are serving up Banana Chocolate Chip Waffles and Omelettes with Green Peppers, Caramelized Onions and Pepper Jack Cheese!, it's definitely feeling like spring time this weekend!

Today's Specials:

Pizza or Rice: Roasted Fennel, Caramleized Onions, Bleu Cheese, Asiago and Tarragon

Salad: Romaine, Mizuna, Pears, Cucumbers, Red Onions and Walnuts with a Basil Star Anise Dressing

Soup: Mushroom Barley

Dessert: Lemon Bonanza! Choice of either lemon ginger cake or lemon poppy!, New Pizza/Rice Special!!  Roasted Fennel, Caramelized Onions, Bleu Cheese (worth the price of admission itself in our opinion), Asiago & Tarragon

Come in out of the rain and treat yourself!, Todays Specials!

Pizza or Rice: Black Bean Puree, Cheddar & Homemade Guacamole!!

Salad: Romaine, Mizuna, Pears, Cucumbers, Red Onions and Walnuts with a Basil Star Anise Dressing

Soup: Mushroom Barley

Dessert: Just our vegan brownies right now, but there will be cake! (late afternoon), Todays Specials!

Pizza or Rice: Black Bean Puree, Cheddar & Homemade Guacamole!!

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Daikon Radish, Black Quinoa & Coconut-Lime Dressing

Soup: Mushroom Barley

Dessert: Just our vegan brownies right now, but they're really good!, Come join us for brunch on this sweet, warm, (almsot) spring day!

Vegan Waffle: Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip
Omelette: Leeks, Tomatoes, Green Peas and Cheddar Cheese!, Todays Specials!

Pizza or Rice: Black Bean Puree, Cheddar & Homemade Guacamole!!

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Cucumbers, Daikon Radish, Black Quinoa & Coconut-Lime Dressing

Soup: Mushroom Barley

Dessert: Vegan Lemon Ginger Cake, Todays Specials!

Pizza or Rice: Black Bean Puree, Cheddar & Homemade Guacamole!!

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Cucumbers, Daikon Radish, Black Quinoa & Coconut-Lime Dressing

Soup: Potato Parsnip Ginger

Dessert: Vegan Lemon Ginger Cake, Todays Specials!

Pizza or Rice: Broccoli, Cheddar and Tomato Onion Chutney

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Carrots, Raisins with Carroway Dressing and Peanuts

Soup: Potato Parsnip Ginger, come join us for brunch!

Today's Waffles: Cinnamon Rasisn (yum!)
Special Omelette: Asparagus, Tomatoes, Scallions and Cheddar Cheese, Todays Specials (and yes, our pizza oven is working right now!)

Pizza or Rice: Broccoli, Cheddar and Tomato Onion Chutney

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Carrots, Raisins with Carroway Dressing and Peanuts

Soup: Potato Parsnip Ginger

Dessert (always vegan!): Carrot Cake with Toasted Pumpkin Seeds, Pizza oven update:  It's still giving us fits.  We had a professional come work on it this afternoon - had it running for a couple of hours, before quitting again.  Having someone come back tomorrow to take another look at it.  May end up not being a small fix.  Very sad., Our pizza oven is going through one of its bad times... working, not working, working, not working.  Right now it's not working.  We're going to keep the oven off during lunch so that a repairman can come in after lunch and work on it while it's cool.

Sorry, no pizza until late this afternoon (we hope!)., Todays Specials

Pizza: Broccoli, Cheddar and Tomato Onion Chutney

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Carrots, Raisins with Carroway Dressing and Peanuts

Soup: Potato Parsnip Ginger

Dessert (always vegan!): Carrot Cake with Toasted Pumpkin Seeds, New soup for the cold weather: Potato Parsnip!, Happy Presidents' Day.  Yes, we're open!

Today's Specials:

Pizza: Broccoli, Cheddar and a Tomato-Onion Chutney 

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Raisins, Carrots, Walnuts & Caraway Dressing

Soup: Spinach

Dessert (always vegan): Yummy brownies, with or without walnuts, Let the wind blow you over to a delicious Sunday brunch at Veggie Planet!

In addition to our normal menu, we have breakfast pizzas, waffles, tofu scramble... and all of our pizza/rice choices can be made as omelets!

Today's brunch specials:  Orange Cinnamon Waffles and White Mushroom, Tomato, Spinach & Cheddar Omelet

Definitely worth the trip!, Current Specials:

Pizza: Broccoli, Coconut Rice (even on the pizza!), Caramelized Onions & Yellow Curry Sauce 

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Raisins, Carrots, Walnuts & Caraway Dressing

Soup: Spinach

Dessert (always vegan): Cinnamon Raisin Cake, Just ran out of the pumpkin pie brownies, and I didn't get to have one :(, Current Specials:

Pizza: Broccoli, Coconut Rice (even on the pizza!), Caramelized Onions & Yellow Curry Sauce 

Salad: Romaine, Carrots, Chickpeas, Tomatoes & Tunisian (Lemon-Coriander) Dressing

Soup: Spinach

Dessert (always vegan): Lemon Lavender Cake and Pumpkin Pie Brownies!!, We now have a second special dessert, just because we felt like making it... vegan pumpkin pie brownies!!! The lemon lavender cake is still here too!, New Special Cake!!! Vegan Lemon Lavendar!, Current Specials:

Pizza: Broccoli, Coconut Rice (even on the pizza!), Caramelized Onions & Yellow Curry Sauce 

Salad: Romaine, Carrots, Chickpeas, Tomatoes & Tunisian (Lemon-Coriander) Dressing

Soup: Spinach

Dessert (always vegan): In between special desserts right now, but we do have our vegan brownies!, Current Specials:

Pizza: Tempeh Bacon, Fresh Tomatoes, Cheddar, & Scallions 

Salad: Romaine, Carrots, Chickpeas, Tomatoes & Tunisian (Lemon-Coriander) Dressing

Soup: Spinach

Dessert (always vegan): In between special desserts right now, but we do have our vegan brownies!, heads up, we will be closed just from now until 5 for a staff meeting!  Se you all for dinner...and a new special TBA then!, Off to a very slow start this year (thank you snow!), we can use all the recognition we can get to help pull more customers through our doors.  Please help us by nominating us for best Veggie Restaurant in the Boston Phoenix Best Of Poll - this is just the nomination process to get us onto the final ballot...  Thanks!!

http://thephoenix.com/thebest, Current Specials:

Pizza: Roasted Carrots, Peas, Tofu, Scallions & Yogurt Tahini Sauce 

Salad: Romaine, Mesclun, Green Apples, Sprouts, Maple Tofu Dressing & Walnuts

Soup: Leek Rosemay Lentil

Dessert (always vegan): Cinnamon Chestnut Cake, Just a heads up, we will be closing at 2 30 today to prepare for our Monday Night Dinner.  We will reopen tomorrow at 11 30!, Beat the rain and come join us for lunch...

Current Specials:

Pizza: Roasted Carrots, Peas, Tofu, Scallions & Yogurt Tahini Sauce (Vegan Tofu Tahini Sauce also available)

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Green Apples, Sprouts, Maple Tofu Dressing & Walnuts

Soup: Leek Rosemay Lentil

Dessert (always vegan): Ginger Bread Cake, Juwt ran out of Peanut Butter Blondies.  All other specials remain the same., Current Specials:

Pizza: Roasted Carrots, Peas, Tofu, Scallions & Yogurt Tahini Sauce (Vegan Tofu Tahini Sauce also available)

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Barley, Tomatoes with Sumac Dressing and Toasted Walnuts

Soup: Leek Rosemay Lentil

Dessert (always vegan): Ginger Bread Cake & Peanut Butter Blondies!!, As last night, Passim's show cancelled tonight, so the main dining room is open to all!

Specials:

Pizza: Aloo Ghobi - Cauliflower, Potatoes and Chickpeas in Spice Tomato Sauce with Coconut Rice and Fresh Cilantro

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Barley, Tomatoes with Sumac Dressing and Toasted Walnuts

Soup: Spicy Tomato Dill

Dessert (always vegan): Ginger Bread Cake & Peanut Butter Blondies!!, will be hosting a special, four course, all vegan dinner next monday night!

Chef Patti Bugge will be making a winter feast:
Black Quinoa Salad with Golden Raisins, Pine Nuts and Boston Lettuce
Fried Olives and Cauliflower with Tahini Dip
Mousssaka
Agave Baklava 
Served with Rose Water Soda

$25 7pm  Make reservations at Adam@veggieplanet.net, Pretty ugly outside!  But looking much nicer inside Veggie Planet, as we're in the process of repainting the entire space!  Very exciting!

Continuing pizza oven problems - we just got it working, but it's still warming up so we hope to be serving pizzas by around 12:30.  Everything else is available right now!, We'll probably be closing early tonight - playing it by ear.  At this point, you may want to call ahead to see if we're open or not.   When will it end!?, Tofu croutons are back, but now our pizza oven has failed us again - we're working on it!

In other news, our main dining room is free both tonight and tomorrow night, as Club Passim has cancelled its shows.  Imagine, you can come for dinner and sit in an actual dining room!  And our rice dishes are delicious, even if we don't have pizza!, we are patiently awaiting a delivery that has been delayed because of snow, which unfortunately means we are currently out of tofu croutons!  Hopefully a fresh batch will be up late afternoon., Escape the snow at veggie planet.

We have vegan chocolate chip cookies today and will be pulling vegan ginger bread cake out of the oven later this afternoon!, Current Specials

Pizza: Aloo Ghobi - Cauliflower, Potatoes and Chickpeas in Spice Tomato Sauce with Coconut Rice and Fresh Cilantro

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Barley, Tomatoes with Sumac Dressing and Toasted Walnuts

Soup (always vegan): Spicy Tomato Dill, Current Specials

Pizza: Aloo Ghobi - Cauliflower, Potatoes and Chickpeas in Spice Tomato Sauce with Coconut Rice and Fresh Cilantro

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Barley, Tomatoes with Cilantro Dressing and Toasted Walnuts

Soup (always vegan): Spicy Tomato Dill

Cake (always vegan): Apple Crumb, New Soup!  Spicy Tomato Dill.  I'm having some right now with our coconut rice added - sooo good!, Current Specials
Pizza: Aloo Ghobi - Cauliflower, Potatoes and Chickpeas in Spice Tomato Sauce with Coconut Rice and Fresh Cilantro

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Barley, Tomatoes with Cilantro Dressing and Toasted Walnuts

Soup (always vegan): Cream of Broccoli (containes wheat)

Cake (always vegan): Apple Crumb, Pizza oven is back up for now, but is being very temperamental.  We'll try to keep you updated., Freezing cold, more snow on the way AND our pizza oven is down? This Tuesday isn't the best so far.

Hopefully we will be cooking some pizzas in an hour so, so check back for updates.  Until then, come by and enjoy some awesome Molasses Raisin Cookies (vegan, of course)!, Current Specials

Pizza: Aloo Ghobi with Coconut Rice; Potatoes, Cauliflower and Chickpeas cooked with Tomatoes, Herbs and Spices; Fresh Cilantro

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Tomatoes, Barley, Creamy (but vegan) Cilantro Dressing and Walnuts

Soup: Vegan Cream of Broccoli (Contains wheat), Braving the cold? Warm up at Veggie Planet's Brunch, serving from 11 am to 3 pm today.

Specials:
Vegan Waffle: Ginger Peach
Omelet: Asparagus, Tomatoes and Cheddar Cheese, Pizza: Allo Ghobi with Coconut Rice; Potatoes, Cauliflower and Chickpease cooked with Tomatoes, Herbs and Spices; Fresh Cilantro

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Tomatoes, Barley, Creamy (but vegan) Cilantro Dressing and Walnuts
...
Soup: Vegan Cream of Broccoli (Contains wheat)

Cake (always vegan!): Oatmeal Raisin!, Current Specials

Pizza: Roasted Rutabegas, Green Apples, Cheddar Cheese and Scallions

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Tomatoes, Barley, Creamy (but vegan) Cilantro Dressing and Walnuts

Soup: Vegan Cream of Broccoli (Contains wheat)

Cake (always vegan!): Oatmeal Raisin!, Oops, almost forgot... our internet is back up, so we're accepting credit cards again!  Just so you know, though, we don't mind if you use cash instead :-), New Soup: Cream of Broccoli (vegan, but contains wheat)
New Cake: Oatmeal Raisin

Still cash only, hpefully we will be fully functioning later today!, oh no! our internet is down and we can't take credit cards (thank technology for smart phones). cash only today.

also, we have some vegan cookies. peanut butter, yum!, Current Specials

Pizza: Roasted Rutabegas, Green Apples, Gruyere Cheese and Scallions

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Herb Marinated Chick Peas, Lemon Coriander Dressing and Toasted Sesame Seeds

Soup: Tomato Lentil with Pesto

Cake (always vegan!): Peanut Butter and Jelly Cake AND Hummingbird Cake (Banana Pineapple Pecan), Current Specials

Pizza: Roasted Rutabegas, Green Apples, Gruyere Cheese and Scallions

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Herb Marinated Chick Peas, Lemon Coriander Dressing and Toasted Sesame Seeds

Soup: Tomato Lentil with Pesto

Cake (always vegan!): Peanut Butter and Jelly Cake, Our stairs are shovelled, our soup is hot, our oven is cooking...Veggie Planet is open!!, Ready for more snow?!!  Don't you love New England!?

FYI, we'll be closed for lunch tomorrow so our wonderful staff won't have to travel in what are supposed to be treacherous conditions.   We'll be reopening at 3PM for a late lunch/early dinner and back to our regular hours after that.

Sorry for any inconvenience, but we're guessing that most of you won't be traveling either, even if our pizza is to die for!!, Current Specials
Pizza: Roasted Rutabegas, Green Apples, Cheddar Cheese and Scallions

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Herb Marinated Chick Peas, Lemon Coriander Dressing and Toasted Sesame Seeds

Soup: Black Eyed Pea and Collard Greens

Cake (always vegan!): Peanut Butter and Jelly Cake, Sorry for the late notice (I'm still not on top of this social media stuff), but... the main dining room at Veggie Planet is closed all day for Passim show customers - there's a Celtic music festival going on - our front dining area is still open and, of course, takeout is available.  Sunday brunch tomorrow!, Current Specials:

Pizza: Black Bean Puree, Broccoli, Tomatoes, Cheddar Cheese and Cilantro Pesto

Salad: Romaine, Frisee, Baby Spinach, Herbed Marinated Chick Peas, Lemon Coriander Dressing Toasted Sesame Seeds

Soup: Black Eyed Pea & Collard Green

Desserts (always vegan): PB&J Cake!, New Dessert Special:  Peanut Butter & Jelly Cake!!, Current Specials:

Pizza: Black Bean Puree, Broccoli, Tomatoes, Cheddar Cheese and Cilantro Pesto

Salad: Romaine, Frisee, Black Quinoa, Red Beets, Chipotle Dressing and Pumpkin Seeds

Soup: Black Eyed Pea & Collard Green

Desserts (always vegan): Banana Walnut Cake and Ginger Mollasses Cookies, Hope 2011 is off to a good start for all of you.  Sunday Brunch today from 11AM to 3PM, open for dinner at 4PM., Happy New Year!!

Start it off right - come treat yourselves to some great food at Veggie Planet!  New Year's Day brunch is being served today from 11:30AM to 3PM today.  Hope to see you there!, Current Specials:

Pizza: Black Bean Puree, Broccoli, Tomatoes, Cheddar Cheese and Cilantro Pesto

Salad: Romaine, Frisee, Black Quinoa, Red Beets, Chipotle Dressing and Pumpkin Seeds

Soup: Carrot

Desserts (always vegan): Banana Walnut Cake

If we don't see you today, we hope to see you at our New Year's Day brunch tomorrow.  Otherwise, see you next year!  A happy and healthy new year to you all!, Hope you're all enjoying the holidays!  Just sending out a quick reminder about our New Year's Day brunch this Saturday (11AM to 3PM).  Come by and enjoy breakfast pizzas, omelets, tofu scramble, vegan waffles, not to mention mimosas and bellinis for those of you who won't have had enough to drink tomorrow night!  If you'd rather sleep it off on Saturday, we'll be having our regular Sunday brunch as well!, Current Specials:

Pizza: Black Bean Puree, Broccoli, Tomatoes, Cheddar Cheese and Cilantro Pesto

Salad: Romaine, Frisee, Black Quinoa, Red Beets, Cilantro-Chipotle Dressing and Toasted Pumpkin Seeds

Soup: Yummy Carrot

Desserts (always vegan): Amazing Chocolate Chip Cookies!, Current Specials:
Pizza: Black Bean Puree, Roasted Seitan, Tomatoes, Cheddar Cheese and Cilantro Pesto

Salad: Romaine, Frisee, Black Quinoa, Red Beets, Cilantro-Chipotle Dressing and Toasted Pumpkin Seeds

Soups: Black Bean Chili OR Carrot

Desserts (always vegan): Lemon Poppy Cake with Ginger Glaze

Come out of the snow and warm yourself up with some hot food!, The snow is getting the best of us.  Veggie Planet will be closing early tonight, probably around 8:30.  We will re open at 11:30 tomorrow morning for lunch., Just letting you know that we're closed both today and tomorrow, reopening for Sunday brunch at 11AM.

Also a quick reminder that the following weekend, we'll be having both a New Year's Day Saturday brunch as well as our usual Sunday brunch.  For those of you who have never been to one of our brunches before, you can check out our brunch menu at our website (www.veggieplanet.net).

Happy Holidays!, New Desserts!  We have a Vegan Lemon Poppy Cake with Ginger Icing and Vegan Chocolate Chip Chai Cookies. Yum!, Current specials:

Pizza or Rice Entree: Fajita (Seitan, Roasted Red & Green Peppers and Onions & Pepper Jack Cheese)

Soup: Black Bean Chili

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Red Beets, Black Quinoa, Smokey Cowboy Dressing & Pumpkin Seeds

Dessert (always vegan): Apple Cinnamon Cake, Stop by for brunch today!  In addition to our normal menu, we've got omelets, waffles, tofu scramble, breakfast pizzas, mimosas and bellinis!!  All delicious!

Also, a heads up, while our brunch is usually just on Sundays, we will be having a New Years Day Saturday brunch - keep that in mind for yourpost New Years Eve hangover therapy., Current specials:

Pizza or Rice Entree: Fajita (Seitan, Roasted Red & Green Peppers and Onions & Pepper Jack Cheese)

Soup: Black Bean Chili

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Red Beets, Black Quinoa, Smokey Cowboy Dressing & Pumpkin Seeds

Dessert (always vegan): Apple Cinnamon Cake, I almost missed this, but we tied with Upstairs on the Square for "Best dining experience that doesn't make veggies feel like lepers" in the Boston Metro's Best of 2010!  Upstairs on the Square is great, but we can make you not feel like a leper for a lot cheaper!

http://www.metro.us/boston/entertainment/article/715801--metro-s-best-of-2010-boston--page7, Current specials:

Pizza or Rice Entree: Roasted Cauliflower, Spinach, Button Mushrooms, Mozzarella & Fried Garlic

Soup: Tomato Basil

Salad: Romaine, Broccoli, Bean Sprouts, Carrots, Creamy (but vegan) Ginger Dressing & Peanuts

Dessert (always vegan): Banana Crumb Cake, Pear Upsidedown Cake, and Peanut Butter-Chocolate Chip Cookies!!, Sorry for the late notice, but Veggie Planet will be closing at 7:30PM tonight so that we all can go bowling!! Yes, seriously (our staff holiday party).  Hope that doesn't ruin anyone's Veggie Planet dinner plans.

Thanks!, Current specials:

Pizza or Rice Entree: Roasted Cauliflower, Spinach, Button Mushrooms, Mozzarella & Fried Garlic

Soup: Tomato Basil
...
Salad: Romaine, Broccoli, Bean Sprouts, Carrots, Creamy (but vegan) Ginger Dressing & Peanuts

Dessert (always vegan): Banana Crumb Cake, Pear Upsidedown Cake, and Peanut Butter-Chocolate Chip Cookies!!, FYI, we'll be closed from 3PM to 4:30PM today for a staff meeting.  In the meantime, our current specials are:

Pizza or Rice Entree: Roasted Cauliflower, Spinach, Button Mushrooms, Mozzarella & Fried Garlic

Soup: Tomato Basil

Salad: Romaine, Broccoli, Bean Sprouts, Carrots, Creamy (but vegan) Ginger Dressing & Peanuts

Dessert (always vegan): Banana Crumb Cake, Current Specials:

Pizza or Rice Entree: Sliced Red Potatoes, Caramelized Onions, Cheddar & Housemade Apple Sauce

Soup: Tomato Basil

Salad: Romaine, Mesclun Lettuce, Brown Lentils, Tomatoes, Olives & Lemon Parsley Dressing

Dessert (always vegan): Banana Crumb Cake, Heads up, we'll be closing at 2:30PM today to prep for our special four-course vegan Monday Night Dinner.  There are still a few spots left for those who might be interested in coming (see www.veggieplanet.net) for details.  Reservations are required., Current Specials:

Pizza or Rice Entree: Sliced Red Potatoes, Caramelized Onions, Cheddar & Housemade Apple Sauce

Soup: Minestrone

Salad: Romaine, Boston Lettuce, Brown Lentils, Tomatoes, Olives & Lemon Parsley Dressing

Dessert (always vegan): Browned (Soy) Butter Cranberry Cake, Current Specials:

Pizza or Rice Entree: Sliced Red Potatoes, Caramelized Onions, Cheddar & Housemade Apple Sauce

Soup: Minestrone

Salad: Romaine, Boston Lettuce, Brown Lentils, Tomatoes, Olives & Lemon Parsley 
Dressing

Dessert (always vegan): Browned (Soy) Butter Cranberry Cake, It's now officially public information (see the article in the Boston Herald today) - we'll be opening a sister restaurant, hopefully sometime this summer!  Not a second Veggie Planet, but a veggie Diner!  Stay tuned...
 
http://bostonherald.com/search/?topic=veggie+galaxy&searchSite=recent#articleFull, Current Specials:

Pizza or Rice Entree: Sliced Red Potatoes, Caramelized Onions, Cheddar & Housemade Apple Sauce

Soup: Minestrone

Salad: Romaine, Boston Lettuce, Brown Lentils, Tomatoes, Olives & Lemon Parsley 
Dressing

Dessert (always vegan): Brownies with or without Walnuts, Current Specials:

Pizza or Rice Entree: Mashed Golden Potatoes, Mushroom Gravy and Cranberry Sauce.  Yes, we're still serving the Thanksgiving leftovers (prepared fresh though)

Soup: Smokey Potato Kale

Salad: Romaine, Boston Lettuce, Brown Lentils, Tomatoes, Olives & Lemon Parsley Dressing

Dessert (always vegan): Carrot Cake with Pumpkin Seeds, Current Specials:

Pizza or Rice Entree: Mashed Golden Potatoes, Herbed Tempeh, Mushroom Gravy and Cranberry Sauce

Soup: Smokey Potato Kale

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Radicchio, Cortland Apples, Cranberry Dressing & Pumpkin Seeds

Desserts (always vegan): Pear-Raisin Cake and Carrot-Orange Muffins, In case you still feel like eating after Thanksgiving...

Current Specials:

Pizza or Rice Entree: Mashed Golden Potatoes, Herbed Tempeh, Mushroom Gravy and Cranberry Sauce

Soup: Smokey Potato Kale

Salad: Romaine, Radicchio, Cortland Apples, Cranberry Dressing & Pumpkin Seeds
 

Desserts (always vegan): Pear-Raisin Cake and Carrot-Orange Muffins, Just in case you're wondering, Veggie Planet is closed today...

Happy Thanksgiving!  See you tomorrow!, Fresh out of the oven, Pear Rasin Cake!, Current Specials:

Pizza or Rice Entree: Mashed Golden Potatoes, Mushroom Gravy and Cranberry Sauce

Soup: Smokey Potato Kale

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Red Onions, Carrots & Cashews with Chile Lime Dressing 

Desserts: Vegan Brownies, Current Specials:

Pizza or Rice Entree: Broccoli, Garlic Baked Tofu, Cheddar & Quatre Spice Onion Chutney

Soup: Ginger Noodle with Carrots & Scallions

Salad: Romaine, Jicama, Frisee, Persimmons, Black Beans with Chile Lime Dressing & Cashews

Desserts: Three of them (all vegan, as always)!!  Banana Chocolate Chip Muffins, Gingerbread Cookies, Cinnamon Chocolate Chunk Cake with Hazelnuts, Today's Specials:

Pizza or Rice Entree: Broccoli, Garlic Baked Tofu, Cheddar & Quatre Spice Onion Chutney

Soup: Ginger Noodle with Carrots & Scallions

Salad: Romaine, Jicama, Frisee, Persimmons, Black Beans with Chile Lime Dressing & Cashews

Dessert: Vegan Banana Chocolate Chip Muffins, Today's Specials:

Pizza or Rice Entree: Broccoli, Garlic Baked Tofu, Cheddar & Quatre Spice Onion Chutney

Soup: Ginger Noodle with Carrots & Scallions

Salad: Romaine, Jicama, Frisee, Persimmons, Black Beans with Chile Lime Dressing & Cashews

Dessert: Vegan Ginger Bread Cake, Today's Specials:

Pizza or Rice Entree: Broccoli, Garlic Baked Tofu, Cheddar & Quatre Spice Onion Chutney

Soup: Ginger Noodle with Carrots & Scallions

Salad: Romaine, Jicama, Broccoli, Apples, Curry Dressing & Peanuts

Dessert: Vegan Ginger Bread Cake, Current Specials:

Pizza or Rice Entree: (Brand new as of a few mintues ago!!)... Broccoli, Garlic Baked Tofu, Cheddar & Quatre Spice Onion Chutney

Soup: Carrot Ginger

Salad: Romaine, Red Lentils, Baby Spinach, Apples, Curry Dressing & Peanuts

Dessert: Vegan Ginger Bread Cake, New Cake is in the house!!  Vegan Ginger Bread!

Also, I haven't seen the official announcement yet, but word has it that Veggie Planet has won the DigThis Best Of Award for best veggie restaurant.  Thanks everyone!  We dig you too!, Pizza or Rice Entree: Roasted Sweet Potato, Spinach, Tomatoes and a Vegan Chipotle Cream Sauce

Soup: Carrot Ginger

Salad: Romaine, Red Lentils, Baby Spinach, Apples, Curry Dressing & Peanuts

Dessert: Our delicious vegan Chocolate Chip Cookies!!, Today's Specials:

Pizza or Rice Entree: Roasted Sweet Potato, Spinach, Tomatoes and a Vegan Chipotle Cream Sauce

Soup: Carrot Ginger

Salad: Romaine, Red Lentils, Baby Spinach, Apples, Curry Dressing & Peanuts

Dessert: Vegan Banana Peanut Butter Cake (I haven't tried it yet, but it sounds fantastic!!), This is our final request to vote for us in the DigThis Awards for best veggie restaurant in the Boston area (polls close tomorrow) - let all your friends know, send out old fashioned e-mails, get on your phones, knock on doors... grassroots organizing, let the people speak!

Thanks!, Today's Specials:

Pizza or Rice Entree: Roasted Sweet Potato, Spinach, Tomatoes and a Vegan Chipotle Cream Sauce

Soup: Carrot Ginger

Salad: Romaine, Arugula, Apples, Broccoli, Curry Dressing & Peanuts

Dessert: Vegan Carrot Cake!!, New Soup!  Carrot Ginger!  Other specials remain the same for now., Just a couple of days left to vote for Veggie Planet as your favorite vegetarian restaurant!  I won't lie - the free publicity we'd get from winning this award makes me not too proud to beg.  Please, please, vote (and ask your friends to vote) by going to this link:


www.digboston.com, Today's Specials:

Pizza or Rice Entree: Red Peppers, Balsamic Marinated Onions, Spinach, Feta & Basil

Soup: Vegan Curried Lemongrass Squash

Salad: Romaine, Baby Arugula, Cherry Tomatoes, White Beans, Orange Olive Dressing & Walnuts

Dessert: Vegan Banana Chocolate Chip Muffins AND Vegan Chocolate Chip Cookies!!, Come visit us at the Boston Vegetarian Food Festival going on this whole weekend - that is if you're not claustrophobic (huge crowds!).  We'll be there both days, so stop by and say hi!

http://www.bostonveg.org/foodfest/, Just today's friendly reminder that Veggie Planet has been nominated for the Dig This (Best Of) Awards for best Boston vegetarian restaurant, and we could use your help to put us over the top.  Please vote (and ask your friends to vote) by going to this link:


www.digboston.com, Ok, time to try to take advantage of this social networking phenomenon...

Veggie Planet has been nominated for the Dig This (Best Of) Awards for best Boston vegetarian restaurant.  For all of you who like us, I mean really "like" us, please go to this link and vote for us.  Tell all of your friends to vote for us too!  Thanks!

(warning, I might send out this message a few times between now and when voting closes on November 5th)

 www.digboston.com, Today's Specials:

Pizza or Rice Entree: Red Peppers, Balsamic Marinated Onions, Spinach, Feta & Basil

Soup: Vegan Curried Lemongrass Squash

Salad: Romaine, Baby Arugula, Cherry Tomatoes, White Beans, Orange Olive Dressing & Walnuts

Dessert: Vegan Pumpkin Chocolate Chip Cake, Current Specials:

Pizza or Rice Entree: Red Peppers, Balsamic Marinated Onions, Spinach, Feta & Basil

Soup: Vegan "Cream" of Tomato

Salad: Romaine, Baby Arugula, Cherry Tomatoes, White Beans, Orange Olive Dressing & Walnuts

Dessert: Vegan Pear Star-Anise Cake, New Special Salad Alert!!

Romaine, Baby Arugula, Cherry Tomatoes, White Beans, Orange Olive Dressing & Walnuts, Current Specials:

Pizza or Rice Entree: "Meaty" Tempeh Marinara, Roasted Green Peppers, Onions, Mushrooms, Mozzarella & Red Pepper Flakes

Soup: Vegan "Cream" of Tomato

Salad: Baby Arugula, Romaine, Red Onions, Beets, Toasted Pumpkin Seeds & Orange Olive Dressing

Dessert: Vegan Pear Star-Anise Cake, Current Specials:

Pizza or Rice Entree: "Meaty" Tempeh Marinara, Roasted Green Peppers, Onions, Mushrooms, Mozzarella & Red Pepper Flakes

Soup: "Creamy" Tomato Basil

Salad: Mesclun Greens, Romaine, Carrots, Beets, Toasted Pumpkin Seeds & Basil Dressing

Dessert: Vegan Pear Star-Anise Cake and/or Banana Chocolate Chip Muffins, Current Specials:

Pizza or Rice Entree: "Meaty" Tempeh Marinara, Roasted Green Peppers, Onions, Mushrooms, Mozzarella & Red Pepper Flakes

Soup: "Creamy" Tomato Basil

Salad: Mesclun, Romaine, Carrots, Beets, Toasted Pumpkin Seeds & Basil Dressing

Dessert: Vegan Cranberry Pecan Tea Bread, New Special Soup!  Creamy Tomato Basil (vegan of course), Current Specials:

Pizza or Rice Entree: "Meaty" Tempeh Marinara, Roasted Green Peppers, Onions, Mushrooms, Mozzarella & Red Pepper Flakes

Soup: Sweet Potato

Salad: Mesclun, Romaine, Daikon Radish, Beets, Toasted Pumpkin Seeds & Mint Dressing

Dessert: Vegan Cranberry Pecan Tea Bread, Sunday Brunch: (and enjoy Octoberfest while in Harvard Square today!)

Pumpkin Waffles!  Omelets!  Tofu Scramble!  Breakfast Pizzas!  Also, our usual great specials...

Pizza or Rice Entree: Fresh Brussel Sprouts, Portobello Mushrooms, Swiss Cheese & Fried Shallots

Soup: Sweet Potato

Salad: Romaine, Baby Arugula, Red Onions, Grapes, Radishes, Mint Dressing & Almonds

Dessert: Vegan Orange Chocolate Chunk Cake, New Special Salad and Cake!!

Salad: Romaine, Baby Arugula, Red Grapes, Daikon Radish, Almonds & Mint Dressing

Cake: Orange Chocolate Chunk Cake - one of our favorites!, Current Specials:

Pizza or Rice Entree: Fresh Brussel Sprouts, Portobello Mushrooms, Swiss Cheese & Fried Shallots (I'm eating it as I write this - so good!)

Soup: Kale, Green Cabbage & White Bean Soup

Salad: Romaine, Green Beans, Radishes, Tarragon Dressing & Toasted Almonds

Dessert: Vegan Brownies, with or without Walnuts, The Peanut Butter Buckeys are gone (they were sooo good!!), but some incredibly yummy Salted Peanut Toffee remains!, Current Specials:

Pizza or Rice Entree: Fresh Figs, Sauteed Spinach, Goat Cheese & Spicy Chipotle Glaze

Soup: 2 Soups!! Kale, Green Cabbage & White Bean OR Sweet Potato & Tart Apple

Salad: Romaine, Baby Red Oak, Green Beans, Radishes, Tarragon Dressing & Toasted Almonds

Dessert: Chocolate Banana Muffins. ALSO, WHILE THEY LAST... Peanut Butter Buckeyes and Salted Peanut Toffee!!, NOTE WE CLOSE AT 2:30PM TODAY to prep for our special dinner tonight (sold out)

Until then, our specials are:

Pizza or Rice Entree: Fresh Figs, Sauteed Spinach, Goat Cheese & a Spicy Chipotle Glaze

Soup: Kale, Green Cabbage & White Bean (all one soup)

Salad: Romaine, Baby Red Oak, Green Beans, Radishes, Tarragon Dressing & Toasted Almonds

Dessert: Chocolate Banana Muffins, A few seats still available for tomorrow night's Special Dinner!

$25 for a delicious four-course vegan feast!!

Sweet Potato and Green Apple Bisque with Fried Sage
Brussel Sprouts with Brown Butter and Chestnuts over Arugula
Seitan Pot Pie
Confectionery Duo with Peanut Butter Buckeys and Salted Peanut Toffee
 
Dinner served with Housemade Cardamom Soda

E-mail Adam@veggieplanet.net for reservations!, Current Specials:

Pizza or Rice Entree: Fresh Figs, Sauteed Spinach, Goat Cheese & a Spicy Chipotle Glaze

Soup: Kale, Green Cabbage & White Bean (all one soup)

Salad: Romaine, Baby Red Oak, Green Beans, Radishes, Tarragon Dressing & Toasted Almonds

Dessert: Our Vegan Brownies, with or without Walnuts, Current Specials:

Pizza or Rice Entree: Fresh Figs, Sauteed Spinach, Goat Cheese & a Spicy Chipotle Glaze

Soup: Kale, Green Cabbage & White Bean (all one soup)

Salad: Romaine, Baby Red Oak, Green Beans, Radishes, Tarragon Dressing & Toasted Almonds

Dessert: Plum Cardamom Crumb Cake!!, Current Specials:

Pizza or Rice Entree: Fresh Figs, Sauteed Spinach, Goat Cheese & a Spicy Chipotle Glaze

Soup: Tomato Lentil with Basil Pesto

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Pears, Red Onions, Basil-Star Anise Dressing & Walnuts

Dessert: Plum Cardamom Crumb Cake!!, Tuesday's Specials:

Pizza or Rice Entree: Eggplant, Puttanesca Sauce, Mozzarella & Basil

Soup: Tomato Lentil with Basil Pesto

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Pears, Red Onions, Basil-Star Anise Dressing & Walnuts

Dessert: Vegan Banana Muffins with or without Walnuts, Today's Specials:

Pizza or Rice Entree: Eggplant, Puttanesca Sauce, Mozzarella & Basil

Soup: Tomato Lentil with Basil Pesto

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Pears, Red Onions, Basil-Star Anise Dressing & Peanuts

Dessert: Just the brownies today, Sunday Brunch 11AM-3PM!!

In addition to our regular menu, we've got waffles, omelets, breakfast pizzas, and a delicious tofu-scramble!!!

Today's Specials:

Pizza or Rice Entree: Eggplant, Puttanesca Sauce, Mozzarella & Basil

Soup: Tomato Lentil with Basil Pesto

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Pears, Red Onions, Basil-Star Anise Dressing & Walnuts

Dessert: Vegan Vanilla-Poppy Cake with Hazelnuts!!, New Cake!!!

Current Specials...

Pizza or Rice Entree: Eggplant, Puttanesca Sauce, Mozzarella & Basil (also great with our basil tofu mash for vegans!)

Soup: Tomato Lentil with Basil Pesto

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Pears, Red Onions, Basil-Star Anise Dressing & Walnuts

Dessert: Vegan Vanilla-Poppy Cake with Hazelnuts!!, Today's Specials...

Pizza or Rice Entree: Eggplant, Puttanesca Sauce, Mozzarella & Basil (also great with our basil tofu mash for vegans!)

Soup: Tomato Lentil with Basil Pesto

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Pears, Red Onions, Basil-Star Anise Dressing & Peanuts

Dessert: Vegan Blackberry Cardamom Cake!!, Brown Rice is back!!!

Today's Specials...

Pizza or Rice Entree: Eggplant, Puttanesca Sauce, Mozzarella & Basil

Soup: Tomato Lentil with Basil Pesto

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Pears, Red Onions, Basil-Star Anise Dressing & Peanuts

Dessert: Vegan Banana-Chocolate Chip Muffins!, Somehow, our brown rice got delivered to Monroe, CT, instead of Veggie Planet, Cambridge!  Currently brown riceless.  Probably until tomorrow.  Sorry!!, Crazy Weekend - four sold out shows at Passim!!!  About to run out of brown rice, hope to be getting more today.

Today's Specials!!!

Pizza or Rice Entree: Eggplant, Puttanesca Sauce, Mozzarella & Basil

Soup: Tomato Lentil with Basil Pesto

Salad: Romaine, Baby Spinach, Pears, Red Onions, Basil-Star Anise Dressing & Peanuts

Dessert: They wiped us out this weekend - hope to whip something up soon!, Sunday Brunch!!!  No brunch musician today, but all the same great food!

In addition to our normal specials, we've got our omelet of the week and waffle of the week...

Omelet: Babaganoush, Tomato, Spinach & Cheddar
Waffle: Vanilla Pluot!

Also, have you tried our breakfast pizzas?, Saturday Specials!!!

Pizza or Rice Entree: Sauteed Chard, Caramelized Onions, Goat Cheese & Tarragon Glaze

Soup: Tomato Lentil with Basil Pesto

Salad: Romaine, Frisee, Beets, Basil-Star Anise Dressing & Peanuts

Dessert (always vegan): PB&J Cake!!!  How can you not love it?!, Current Specials!!!

Pizza or Rice Entree: Sauteed Chard, Caramelized Onions, Goat Cheese & Tarragon Glaze

Soup: Tomato Lentil with Basil Pesto

Salad: Romaine, Frisee, Beets, Lemon-Coriander Dressing & Walnuts

Dessert (always vegan): Nectarine Chunk Cake with Raspberry Swirl - going fast!, Current Specials!!!

Pizza or Rice Entree: Sauteed Chard, Caramelized Onions, Goat Cheese & Tarragon Glaze

Soup: Spinach Soup

Salad: Romaine, Frisee, Beets, Lemon-Coriander Dressing & Walnuts

Dessert (always vegan): Nectarine Chunk Cake with Raspberry Swirl - Delicious!!, Tuesday's Specials!!!

Pizza or Rice Entree: Sauteed Chard, Caramelized Onions, Goat Cheese & Tarragon Glaze

Soup: Spinach Soup

Salad: Romaine, Frisee, Beets, Lemon-Coriander Dressing & Walnuts

Dessert (always vegan): Banana Chocolate Chip Muffins, with or without Walnuts, Current Specials!!!

Pizza or Rice Entree: Sauteed Chard, Caramelized Onions, Goat Cheese & Tarragon Glaze

Soup: Spinach Soup

Salad: Romaine, Frisee, Beets, Lemon-Coriander Dressing & Walnuts

Dessert (always vegan): Just our brownies for now, though to say "just" doesn't do our brownies justice!, Today's brunch specials...

Omelet: Butternut Squash, Caramelized Onions, Spinach & Goat Cheese

Waffle: Coconut-Chocolate Chip

Other Specials (available during brunch AND dinner)...

Pizza or Rice Entree: Sauteed Chard, Caramelized Onions, Goat Cheese & Tarragon Glaze

Soup: Spinach Soup

Salad: Romaine, Frisee, Beets & Lemon-Coriander Dressing

Dessert (always vegan): Almond Plum Cake, New Special Pizza (other specials remain the same for now):

Sauteed Chard, Caramelized Onions, Goat Cheese & Tarragon Glaze, Friday's Specials!!!... 

(and isn't Friday always special?)

Pizza or Rice Entree: Smokey Tomato Sauce, Mushrooms, Spinach and Jack Cheese

Soup: Spinach Soup

Salad: Romaine, Broccoli, Apples, Red Onions, Cilantro Chili Dressing and Peanuts

Dessert (always vegan): Almond Plum Cake, Today's Specials!!!... 

Pizza or Rice Entree: Smokey Tomato Sauce, Mushrooms, Spinach and Jack Cheese

Soup: Eggplant Mushroom

Salad: Romaine, Broccoli, Apples, Red Onions, Cilantro Chili Dressing and Peanuts

Dessert (always vegan): Almond Plum Cake, Had a little POS emergency last night and today - our computer system was down, so we were taking orders and calculating prices the old fashioned way - which also meant cash only.  We've got a temporary POS system up and running while ours is being fixed, so we're accepting credit cards again.  Modern technology - can't live with it, can't live without it!, Campfire Festival over.  Business back to normal!

Today's Specials!!!... 

Pizza or Rice Entree: Smokey Tomato Sauce, Mushrooms, Spinach and Jack Cheese

Soup: Eggplant Mushroom

Salad: Romaine, Mizuna, Apples, Carrots, Red Onions, Cilantro Chili Dressing and Peanuts

Dessert (always vegan): Almond Plum Cake, Chocolate Chip Banana Muffins, Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip Cookies, Today is the last day of Club Passim's Campfire Festival.  If you're coming to listen to some music, food will be served.  Otherwise, Veggie Planet is take out only for one more day., Veggie Planet will be take out only all weekend, save for brunch, while Club Passim holds their Campfire Festival.  

Take out only will begin around 3 pm today and go through monday.

Brunch patrons will be able to enjoy the best of the local boston folk music while they eat on sunday!, Current Specials!!! 

Pizza or Rice Entree: Smokey Tomato Sauce, Mushrooms, Spinach and Jack Cheese

Soup: Curried Carrot Red Lentil

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Fennel, Carrots, Cilantro Chili Dressing and Walnuts

Dessert (always vegan): Vanilla Pluot Cake, Need to beat the heat? We are adding on a Spicy Pink Gazpacho to help you cool off until this heat wave breaks!

How 'bout some sweets?  A  Vanilla Pluot Cake just came out of the oven, yum!, Current Specials!!! 

Pizza or Rice Entree: Coconut Rice (even on the pizza!), Curried Seitan & Eggplant, Sauteed Spinach & Scallions

Soup: Curried Carrot Red Lentil

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Fennel, Carrots, Caraway Dressing & Walnuts

Dessert (always vegan): Coming soon!, Monday Specials!!!  Hope you all had a great weekend!

Pizza or Rice Entree: Coconut Rice (even on the pizza!), Curried Seitan & Eggplant, Sauteed Spinach & Scallions

Soup: Curried Carrot Red Lentil

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Fennel, Carrots, Caraway Dressing & Walnuts

Dessert (always vegan): Blueberry Crumb Cake, Closed from 3PM to 4PM, as on every Sunday after brunch.  Specials tonight...

Pizza or Rice Entree: Coconut Rice (even on the pizza!), Curried Seitan & Eggplant, Sauteed Spinach & Scallions

Soup: Curried Carrot Red Lentil

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Fennel, Carrots, Caraway Dressing & Walnuts

Dessert (always vegan): Blueberry Crumb Cake, By the way, the brunch specials are...

Waffle: Orange-Chocolate

Omelet: Black Bean, Spinach, Roasted Red peppers, and Goat Cheese.

Come. Eat. Enjoy., Sunday Brunch Today!!  In addition to our normal specials, we've got breakfast pizzas, waffles, tofu scramble, our weekly omelet!!!

Pizza or Rice Entree: Coconut Rice (even on the pizza!), Curried Seitan & Eggplant, Sauteed Spinach & Scallions

Soup: Curried Carrot Red Lentil

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Fennel, Carrots, Caraway Dressing & Walnuts

Dessert (always vegan): Blueberry Crumb Cake, Saturday Specials!!! 

(By the way, if it's Saturday, that means our Sunday brunch is just one day away - come check it out!)

Pizza or Rice Entree: Coconut Rice (even on the pizza!), Curried Seitan & Eggplant, Sauteed Spinach & Scallions

Soup: Curried Carrot Red Lentil

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Fennel, Carrots, Caraway Dressing & Walnuts

Dessert (always vegan): Almond Poppy Cake, Current Specials!!! 

Pizza or Rice Entree: Coconut Rice (even on the pizza!), Curried Seitan & Eggplant, Sauteed Spinach & Scallions (delicious!)

Soup: Curried Carrot Red Lentil

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Fennel, Carrots, Caraway Dressing & Walnuts

Dessert (always vegan): Almond Poppy Cake, Specials Update!!!  

New Pizza or Rice Entree:  Coconut Rice (even on the pizza!), Curried Seitan & Eggplant, Sauteed Spinach & Scallions (this is one of my all-time favorites!)

Soup: Two Soups!! Watermelon Gazpacho (Cold) or Curried Carrot Red Lentil
(Hot)

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Fennel, Carrots, Caraway Dressing & Walnuts

Dessert (always vegan): Almond Poppy Cake, Current Specials!!!

Pizza or Rice Entree: Black Bean Puree, Cheddar, Edamame Pesto & Salsa

Soup: Two Soups!! Watermelon Gazpacho (Cold) or Curried Carrot Red Lentil

Salad: Romaine, Red Cabbage, Fennel, Carrots, Caraway Dressing & Walnuts

Dessert (always vegan): Stay Tuned for our next Special Cake, Veggie Planet will be closing early today (2:30PM to be exact) to begin prepping for our special Monday Night dinner tonight.  Hopefully that doesn't upset any of your late lunch or dinner plans.  Oh, and for those of you who might be wondering, the dinner is sold out.  Sorry about that., Monday Night Dinner is one week away!

This time the menu will be at the whim of Chef Patti Bugge.  All produce will be coming in directly from local farms.  Are we looking at Summer Squash Soup, Stuffed Squash Blossoms and Caponata?  Will the long awaited coconut ice cream show up on this dinner's final menu?
Four courses, all vegan, with housemade soda to boot! Only $25.
Email reservations to Adam@veggieplanet.net, Well, it could have been worse.  We were able to have a replacement part overnighted to us and installed today, so we're back in business... pizza is once again on the menu., It's been a nice long stretch, but all good things must come to an end (is that really true?)... Our pizza oven is down after an unusually long time without problems, so all of our pizza/rice entrees are currently available only over rice.  Ah, just in time for the two sold-out shows at Club Passim tonight.

We have someone coming to look at the oven today and will keep you posted.

Wish us luck!, Check out this cool new, award-winning (yes, award-winning at a Harvard film festival!) video by Rob Cohen, filmed right here at Veggie Planet/ Passim!

http://vimeo.com/11347053, null, Welcome to Veggie Planet's official facebook page! Become a fan and keep up to speed on the latest special dishes, restaurant events, and more!

And if you don't like facebook very much, become a fan anyway, then just follow us on twitter!

https://twitter.com/Veggie_Planet)