List(Are you surprised by this? America's Got Talent host Nick Cannon says "there's trouble in paradise" with Mariah Carey.  Read what he had to say HERE: http://et.tv/1roLe6u 

Watch ET tonight at 7:30pm for this apparently unhappy couple., The Browns are back on Monday Night Football on Channel 3!! (Does preseason count for MNF?), Anyone else still scratching their heads as to how the roller skater made it this far?  Find out if he moves into the semifinals tonight at 9pm on Channel 3., From our friends at Entertainment Tonight... Apparently, this is the best thing you'll watch all day. Apparently.
 
Watch it HERE: http://et.tv/1obYeZX
 
Tune in to ET tonight at 07:30pm on WKYC!, DVR Alert: Browns preseason football returns to Channel 3 Saturday night!  Find out when to watch Saturday night's regular programming, Oh yeah!!!  Football is back on Channel 3 Sunday night!, Tonight, Gene Simmons guest stars on a new episode of "Welcome to Sweden" followed by an all-new "Working the Engels."  Then, Jay Leno mentors the comics on a new episode of "Last Comic Standing.", Trouble is always finding Justin Bieber.
See what went down with the pop singer and Orlando Bloom, plus your #DailyFirst MUST-READ headlines HERE: http://et.tv/1xyCnwz

Don’t forget to watch ET tonight at 7:30pm on Channel 3 for more breaking entertainment news!, Live #AGT results show tonight at 8pm! Did you vote for anyone last night?, The Queen Latifah Show joins the Channel 3 afternoon line-up this fall!  , AGT live shows continue tonight at 9pm!!!  Do you have a favorite act yet?, All the news from #ComicCon this weekend + interviews w/ the stars of The Vampire Diaries & Game of Thrones on #ETNow tonight at 7:30pm!, NBC tonight on WKYC!  What do you think about Crossbones so far?, This is what 44 looks like when you're Jennifer Lopez! 
See the photos HERE:  http://et.tv/1ubkzep
And don’t forget to watch ET tonight at 7:30PM on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland. , New Grimm and new Dracula tonight!!  Who's ready to get their scare on?, Who else is looking forward to the premier of Chicago P.D. tonight?, The Biggest Loser and Chicago Fire return tonight to Channel 3!, Need a good laugh?  Check out this preview of the always hilarious Wanda Sykes' appearance on today's The Ellen DeGeneres Show which you can see at 4pm., LOCAL VIEWER APPEARANCE: Coming up at 3pm on Channel 3... Terry V., 50, from Chagrin Falls, went through a painful divorce after 18 years of marriage.  She became severely depressed and rarely left her home.  Terry shares the powerful story of how she survived divorce and even started her own business on Bethenny!, NBC prime tonight!  What are you looking forward to most?, Remember the local woman who was convicted of killing her boyfriend by poisoning him with anti-freeze?

That case gets the Dateline NBC spotlight tonight at 9pm on Channel 3., LIKE OR DISLIKE? Nicki Minaj shows some skin on Ellen, today at 4pm on Channel 3!, Woo hoo!  We know we're doing tonight.  What about you?, THROWBACK THURSDAY:  In honor of the premiere of the The Michael J. Fox Show tonight at 9pm, we dug out this 80's gem.

Do you have a favorite Alex P. Keaton moment?, Don't know about you, but we think tonight's SVU looks pretty intense.  Who else will be watching with us at 9pm tonight?, Revolution returns tonight at 8pm on Channel 3!  What are you looking forward to most this season?, Are you ready to feel the heat? Chicago Fire returns tonight at 10/9c!, Get ready for more chair-turning performances! The Voice continues tonight at 8.  

Who was your favorite audition from last night?

(Photo courtesy of NBC), What do you think about relationships like the one being profiled today on Dr. Phil?, Mmmmm... looks tasty!  Are you enjoying Bethenny's new show on Channel 3?, Wow... What a premiere night!  What did you think about The Voice and The Blacklist?

( We sure didn't see that plot twist coming), Premiere week on NBC is finally here!  Which show are you most looking forward to tonight?

The Blacklist or The Voice?  Catch 'em both starting tonight at 8pm on WKYC Channel 3., Oh yeah... The Voice is back on Monday!!  Are you looking forward to seeing CeeLo and Christina Aguilera back in the coaches' chairs?, Here's a fun reason to watch The Ellen DeGeneres Show today at 4pm... Samantha Tierney from Wadsworth, OH is featured on "Bad Paid for Photos – Back to School Edition.", We're less than 90 minutes away from the premiere of Bethenny!!!

Here's a preview of today's show which will air at 3pm on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland.  What are you looking forward to most about the show?, Coming up at 2pm on The Doctors ...  

ALL-NEW! In a THE DOCTORS’ daytime exclusive, meet a husband and wife who were simultaneously struck by lightning … while she was pregnant! Hear their incredible survival story.  Then, how body weight is determining how much rent you pay. Plus, a radical procedure to combat bone cancer that you have to see to believe!, Starting Monday, changes are coming to Channel 3's daytime line up.  

Click http://on.wkyc.com/1cPHDmX to learn when to watch Rachel Ray, Live on Lakeside WKYC and the premiere of Bethenny., If you're a fan of The Ellen DeGeneres Show, then you know about the huge summer sweepstakes they just ran.  Well we got some good news from the folks at Ellen today.  

Two Northeast Ohioans won prizes!!  Ariel B. from South Euclid won a trip to Australia and Elizabeth L. from Brunswick won "12 Days" of gifts! 

Congrats to them both!, Can we get a "like" for Cleveland native and Parenthood star Monica Potter?

We love her in Parenthood and can't wait for the show to return on its new day and time, Thursday September 26 at 10pm.

(Photo Courtesy of Parenthood Facebook page), "The Blacklist" is catching a ton of buzz and getting great reviews. Find out who the true enemy is September 23 at 10pm on Channel 3.

(Photo courtesy The Blacklist Facebook page), Less than 24 hours until the 2013 NFL season kicks off on NBC and Channel 3!

So who are you rooting for in this game?  (We're pretty sure we know, but it never hurts to ask), Curious about NBC's new prime time line up?  

Be sure to watch WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland this Friday at 7:30pm for a special Primetime Preview Show!  Hosted by Sean Hayes, you'll get a sneak peek at the network's new shows., Did you miss Bethenny when she was in Cleveland last week?  Here's a look at her whirlwind trip to the rock and roll capitol of the world!

Bethenny premieres THIS MONDAY at 3pm on Channel 3!, ONE WORD CHALLENGE:  How would you describe Billy Burke's character, Miles Matheson? 

Revolution returns to NBC and Channel 3 Wednesday September 25 at 8.

(Photo courtesy of NBC), We 're just over 3 weeks away from one of our favorite actors returning to NBC and Channel 3!  Check out this preview of "The Michael J. Fox Show":  http://bit.ly/153b858.

Whether it be from movies or TV, what's all-time your favorite Michael J. Fox character?

(Photo courtesy NBC), Question for you Chicago Fire fans... Casey or Severide?

Chicago Fire returns to NBC and Channel 3 September 24th at 10om!, One week until Bethenny premieres at 3pm!  Are you looking forward to her daytime debut?, If only we could make time fly by quicker...

Can we get a like for the upcoming return of "Parks and Recreation"?, TODAY at 5pm on Dr. Phil... From Star Athlete to Call Girl.

   “I was so proud of her, and now I’m embarrassed of her.”

A woman's colorful past pits sister vs. sister over who should be raising a 7-year old boy.  http://bit.ly/DRP0516, The Biggest Loser's back on October 8 at 8pm!

Do you have a favorite contestant from past seasons?, Who's ready for some #Browns football?  Turn to Channel 3 RIGHT NOW to watch their final preseason game against the Bears!

What's your prediction for the game's final score?

(To find out when to watch or record our tonight's rescheduled NBC shows, click http://on.wkyc.com/14c958O), SHARE if you remember this night of "Must See TV" on NBC and WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland? 
#ThrowbackThursday, The Voice returns on September 23! Who’s pumped to see the coaches back together? http://youtu.be/Ax3FtoSYIco

(Photo courtesy NBC), What returning NBC show are you looking forward to seeing this fall?, The first #AGT finalists are revealed tonight at 9pm!!  Who are you hoping makes it through?

(Photo courtesy of America's Got Talent Facebook page), What so you think of Amber's new boyfriend?, Just another reason why we love Late Night with Jimmy Fallon!, Click "like" if you're a #BradPaisley fan and will be watching him tomorrow on America's Got Talent., What was your favorite moment from Season One of Revolution?, What's your favorite act on #AGT so far?, FALL LINEUP PREVIEW:  Meet the cast and take sneak a peek at "Ironside": http://www.nbc.com/ironside

"Like" if you're happy to see "L.A. Law" alum Blair Underwood back on NBC!, NASCAR is returning to NBC and Channel 3 in 2015!  DETAILS: http://on.wkyc.com/1bdSutA

If you're a fan of racing, who's your favorite driver?

(Photo courtesy of US PRESSWIRE), Chicago Fire returns September 24th at 10pm!  Click like if you're looking forward to it's return., Who's your favorite judge?, Sad news for all Law & Order fans...  Dennis Farina, who played Detective Joe Fontana, has passed away.  http://on.wkyc.com/15CKoUs

What other roles will you remember him for?)