List(null, null, null, See you tomorrow WGBH!, The past few days and the outpouring of support we've received for The Barmobile has been moving to say the least. We're 20% funded with 25 days to go!

We still have a long climb to our goal. As with all Kickstarter campaigns if we don't reach our goal then this is all for not. The tickets to the launch party at Boston Harbor Distillery are $100. Rally a couple of friends, donate and let's celebrate with music, food, tours and the unveiling of the customized Barmobile!

To all those that have donated...a huge THANK YOU.

https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/372111659/the-barmobile-bostons-mobile-cocktail-catering-com, http://bit.ly/1IRZBaJ

Here's Kevin talking about The Barmobile with Boston Magazine. Check it out!, Hey Barmobile enthusiasts! 

Many of you have asked how you can help? Today we just launched our Kickstarter campaign and have some exciting incentives for all backers of the Barmobile! We can't thank you enough for your well wishes thus far. 

Let the good times roll!, Check out some pics from a few weeks ago of our team moving the Barmobile into the garage. 

The guys at Classic Revival Garage customized their garage door in order to fit the girl in. 3 inches of clearance on each side...no room for error! We did it though. Hats off to Chris and his tow truck for getting the job done amidst all this wintry conditions.

Now...the fun starts., UPDATE! our California girl is not loving this snow so we thought she needed a little pampering! Moving to her beauty spa location where our ugly duckling will begin her transformation into a swan this Sunday!, Hey everyone! We are floored by the out pouring of support so far! Thank you from the bottom of our hearts! Specifics about hours, pricing and other information will be posted in a timely manner and we  will make sure to keep you all informed regularly as the project progresses. Thank you again for your interest and support!, null, null, null, Getting picked up in LA and ready for her new home in Boston!)