List(Crispy Crepes Cafe is open for business at the new location 714 commonwealth ave . Hope to see all of you again., null, null, null, We will be relocating in the Boston area. Stay tuned for details.  Be sure to check our Facebook page for upcoming update.
Thank you for your patronage!
Sincerely:
Crispy crepes staff., Dream of making your own crepes? Now's your chance! We're looking for part time workers, no experience necessary!, Our homemade Moroccan mint tea! Try it iced or hot., Sweet or savory we have the crepe for you! Try a super crepe for a bit of both., Welcome spring! Celebrate the sunny skies with a crepe full of fresh veggies., Come in for brunch, lunch, or dinner! We have all types of deals!, We are closed today. Back to business tomorrow!, Happy Valentines Day! Come have a crepe to celebrate whatever forms of positive relationships you have!, We have a new meatball sub! Also meatballs over pasta! Come in and warm up with a classic dish., Have you heard about our hungry scholar special? Fries and a drink for just two dollars more!, It is thought the first crepe was made by Henri Charpentier in 1895 in Paris., Happy Super Bowl! Come in and stock up on crepes for your whole party!, Need finals fuel? We've got you covered. We make everything from the french fries you crave to the salad you probably should have., Our homemade falafel!, We know finals are coming up, so we're having a huge sale on Red Bull! 3 for $5! Stock up for your next cram session., Get out of the rain and dig into a crepe!, We have a new homemade baklava at Crispy Crepes! Come try it and let us know what you think!, Take a break from Thanksgiving leftovers and come on in for a crepe!, Brr! It's cold out. But we have free refills on hot coffee so come on in and warm up!, Have you seen our pancakes? They are the perfect cold weather pick-me-up!, The Tuscany is one of our most popular crepes. It has grilled chicken with a hint of pesto, tomatoes spinach and buffalo mozzarella! Come in and try it today!, Congratulations to Fernando Torres!!  The winner of the free breakfast for two! Share it with someone nice Fernando, or if you're really hungry, eat it all yourself!, We're doing another giveaway! Sign up today and tomorrow to win free breakfast for two!, Happy November! Did you know we have a turkey cranberry crepe?, Congratulations to Nick Twirey, winner of the giant Nutella!, Last day to sign up to win the giant Nutella! Come on by, we'll be choosing the winner on Monday!, Crispy Crepes is all about the treats (no tricks) this weekend.  Come on in and sign up for your chance to win the giant Nutella!, Along with crepes, we also have delicious pastas! Try one for dinner, you won't regret it!, Good news! We've extended the Nutella giveaway to the end of the month!, Want to spice up your crepe? Ask to add hot sauce! It's the perfect addition to many of our signature dishes., Do you dream of Nutella? We're here to make dreams come true. Come to Crispy Crepes Cafe next weekend and sign up to win a 3kg tub of Nutella!, What's that? A giveaway? We're going to do a giveaway soon! Stay tuned for details., Need a late breakfast? We have breakfast crepes and breakfast plates!, Finishing the second week of school? Celebrate with a crepe!, null, null)