List(03/31/16 1232hrs a vehicle waiting at the light northbound on E 337th at Vine was struck by a gold 4D vehicle, (possibly a Ford Taurus).  The gold vehicle was traveling east on Vine St and attempted to maneuver a southbound turn onto E 337th at a high rate of speed striking the front driver side of the victim’s vehicle.  The driver then fled the scene of the accident.  The operator was described as a “scruffy looking” middle aged white male wearing glasses.  The gold vehicle with have significant damage to both the front and passenger side.  If anyone has any information you are asked to contact EPD at 440-951-1400., 03/30/16 1231hrs a traffic stop on Reeves Rd resulted in the arrest of Da’Jon Hill, age 21 of Euclid for trafficking in heroin and cocaine.  EPD Detectives working with Lake County Narcotic Agents have been monitoring Mr. Hill’s activities in Eastlake as he was suspected of delivering to our area.  Hill was also wanted by the Cuyahoga Sheriff’s department on a felony charge of violating his probation.  Bond was set at $10,000 cash or surety., **Update 03/28/16 Brittny Nadock, 30 of Eastlake was arrested and charged with burglary in connection to this report.  Nadock was also charged with a burglary that occurred on Hillcrest on 03/03/16 and a felony theft from a home that occurred on 03/03/16 on Michelle Ln.
03/23/16 a burglary report was generated for a resident in the100 block of Christine Ct. Stolen from the residence was jewelry valued at close to $10,000; no other items appear to be missing. Entry was most likely made through an attached garage during the day or early evening hours. Under investigation, 03/27/16  Stefano Digiorgi, 18 years old of Willoughby Hills was arrested Sunday afternoon charged with felony burglary and petty theft.  A burglary in the 1300 block of E 342nd was reported by the resident to EPD early Easter morning.  Officers were tipped off that one day prior to this burglary, a theft had occurred in the 1200 block of E 342nd naming  Digiogi  as the suspect.   Mr. Digiorgi and his vehicle were quickly located and detained.  During a consent search of the vehicle, stolen was property was recovered and he was taken into custody at that time.  Other property located in vehicle was tied to an unreported burglary in a neighboring city.  That property was returned to the owner who declined to press charges., null, null, Well Ron can't say we'll miss your weekly stays...., 03/25/16 1425hrs officers were dispatched to the area of Walmart for a possible abduction.  Callers reported a female was pulled into a vehicle which was leaving the scene. The vehicle was located on E 337th near Morris. A traffic stop was initiated and the occupants were identified.  The male, 28 of Cleveland, advised he spent too much money at Walmart upsetting his 25 year old girlfriend of Euclid.  As she was yelling at him he got out of the car and tried to forcibly place her in the car.  The male was given a citation for disorderly conduct for causing alarm to others and released from the scene along with three juveniles.  The female was found to have outstanding warrants with Euclid PD and was turned over to their agency., null, Happy Easter from EPD, The Captain's Easter egg hunt - sunny day and plenty of happy children., Tuesday night at a council meeting Officer Kris Korun was recognized for his outstanding achievements. Officer Korun was selected is the 2015 officer of the year for several reasons.  He is always one of the first to show up for work and is consistently positive and upbeat. When new things need to be done he is normally one of the first to volunteer.  He has been a member of the US Marshal Task Force, a range officer and a trusted field training officer along with his everyday responsibilities. Ptl Korun was nominated by several officers and is an outstanding leader within the agency. Congratulations Kris., 03/23/16 a burglary report was generated for a resident in the100 block of Christine Ct. Stolen from the residence was jewelry valued at close to $10,000; no other items appear to be missing. Entry was most likely made through an attached garage during the day or early evening hours. Under investigation, 03/24/16 this duffle bag was found by a passing motorist on Erie Rd and turned over to EPD this morning.  Call to claim by identifying the contents.  440-951-1400, null, 03/21/16 1951hrs an off-duty Eastlake officer entering the Dollar Tree in
the Vineyards recognized a male that was exiting as having a felony
warrant for his arrest through EPD and alerted EPD dispatch.  Dispatched
officers arrived on scene and took Angel Ortiz, age 27 of Cleveland into
custody on felony forgery charges. The arrest is based on an incident from
03/03/16 in which Ortiz is accused of passing several counterfeit $20
bills to various businesses in the city as well as neighboring cities. 
During the arrest it was also learned Ortiz (bottom pic) passed a $20 counterfeit bill
at the Vineyards on this day along with his co-conspirator Agustin
Hernandez, 27 of Cleveland, who was likewise taken into custody on felony
forgery charges.  Both male also have felony warrants for their arrest
through other cities.  Several counterfeit bills were confiscated from
Ortiz and more counterfeit bills were found strewn in the parking lot. 
Neither male was able to make bond after arraignment and were transported
to the Lake County Jail., 03/19/16 0223hrs a burglary was committed in the 33000 block of Willowick Dr.  The suspect(s) made entry through an attached garage into the home which was found to be completely ransacked.  Taken from the home was small electronics and cash. Under investigation., 03/21/16 Congratulations to Sergeant Michael Werner (pictured left of FBI Director James Comey) on his recent graduation from the FBI National Academy. He participated with over 230 people from 47 states and 27 countries in an exhaustive 10 week police executive leadership course. He is now a proud graduate of the 263rd session that was held in Quantico Virginia. Sgt. Werner is now better prepared for his future with the Eastlake Police Department after completing this free training provided by the federal government. A huge thank you to his family for all the support they provided while keeping things going well at home. Job well done Sgt. Werner., 03/18/16 FYI - reference Working America Political Canvass -
Working America, a community affiliate of the AFL-CIO, will be conducting a door-to-door membership drive in Eastlake.  This is to notify you of their activities and their purpose. They do not require a permit per a court ruling., 03/18/16 I was honored today to be invited to Longfellow elementary school to speak to the children about working hard to be a "Mighty Mustang". Principal Aber and staff did a great job recognizing many of the outstanding students. This is one of the really awesome parts of the job. Two students per class were chosen for a private donut party after. (That was pretty cool too). Chief Reik, A Safety Awareness Program for children ages 4, 5 and 6 will be held at Thomas Jefferson Elementary School (35980 Lakeshore Blvd, Eastlake).  June 13 – June 17.  Morning (9:30am – 11:45am) and afternoon sessions (12:30pm – 2:45pm) are available.  Registration begins March 30 thru May 31. Sign up forms are available at the Eastlake Public Library or the Eastlake Police Station.  Class fee is $30.00 (after May 16 $35.00), 03/17/15 Eastlake Middle School is observing career week.  We are honored to have Brandyn, who aspires to one day be a Police Officer, join EPD staff for the day.  After a tour of the station, Brandyn will shadow Lt Gonzalez at a court proceeding, learn how the dispatch center works and he’ll visit everyone’s favorite - the firemen., 03/16/16 three temporary license plates were reported stolen off of vehicles parked at apartment complexes on Vine St and Lakeshore Blvd.  Be watchful for any suspicious activities or unfamiliar faces in parking lots., null, 03/15/16 1431hrs a resident on E 361st listed a vehicle on Craig’s list for sale and began communicating via text with an interested buyer.  The buyer came to view the vehicle and asked to take it for a test drive, which he was permitted.  The male never returned.  Grand theft auto report generated., 03/15/16 0821hrs hit skip accident report was taken from a resident on Lakeshore in Lakeline Village. At the home, deep muddy tire tracks indicate the suspect driver drove into the driveway and when attempting to pull out in reverse, the vehicle struck the brick post.  The brick post was heavily damaged, with the bricks spread over on the driveway.  The accident occurred during the overnight hours., 03/14/16 2103hrs it’s never a good idea to toss trash out of your vehicle while driving.  A 19 year old Euclid male did just that on Bayshore while traveling in front of one of our unmarked cars.  The unmarked car radioed for a marked cruiser to respond the area and the male was stopped soon after.  He was issued a citation for littering and escorted back to the area to clean up his mess., ****** 1402HRS THE AREA HAS BEEN RE-OPENED*****03/14/16 1305hrs - fire and police personnel are evacuating homes in the area of 407 E Overlook due to a gas line being struck by a construction crew., null, * Identified immediately, thanks for your help. 03/10/16 report taken for theft from a vehicle that occurred in the Walmart parking lot.  Taken were small electronics and misc. items that one would pack in a carry on suitcase / bag when boarding a plane. We are attempting to identify the two pictured suspects caught on video entering and removing the property.  They arrived and left in the white vehicle also pictured., null, 03/07/16 EPD is looking for a vehicle involved in a hit-skip accident that occurred on Plymouth Rd overnight.  Parts left behind indicate the suspect is a blue or green Dodge which will have significant right front or right side damage.  The vehicle will also be missing a plastic hubcap. If you should happen to see this vehicle please contact EPD at 440-951-1400 or private message this page., 03/06/16 0022hrs a vehicle turning onto Steven W/B from SR 91 with the arrow struck a vehicle that failed to stop for the red light.  The first driver, a 21 year old female, was cited for the traffic light violation. The other driver, a 49 year old female, who was not at fault for the accident, was taken into custody for OVI.  She was booked into the city jail, held until sober and bond posted., 03/04/16 a burglary report was taken in the 36000 block of Hillcrest.  Person(s) unknown entered the home possibly through an unlocked back door taking a jewelry box and several pieces of jewelry  valued at more than $6000.  Investigation is on-going., 03/05/16 EPD and EFD responded to two overdoses this weekend - the first was for an unresponsive 41 year old male and the second for an unresponsive 49 year old female.  According to the male this was his third overdose in just four days (2 in other cities) and the female has had two overdoses in three days.  Suspected heroin and syringes were recovered from both incidents.  Charges are pending with the results from the crime lab.  The male has since checked into a rehab center for his addiction., http://www.news-herald.com/sports/20160306/mark-podolski-eastlake-north-grad-stipe-miocics-ufc-title-shot-is-finally-official, Remember when this picture was on all trash receptacles in the parks and city property? How about seeing the "Litter Bug" during festivals and city functions?”, null, null, NOW HIRING
Eastlake Police Victim Advocate
Full-time position w/Call Outs
Provides immediate and continuing assistance to victims of crime, including on-scene and hospital support and throughout the court process. Exceptional written/oral skills are necessary and will include support group establishment/training seminars. Knowledge of victim’s rights, judicial process, local support services, and light clerical skills are required. Must be 21, H.S.grad/GED, Valid OH drivers lic.,have a flexible schedule and available for 24 hour call out. Must pass background check. College degree preferred. Salary will be dictated by the current labor contract. Applications are available at the Eastlake Police Dept., 35150 Lakeshore Blvd. Filing deadline: March 13, 2016, 02/28/16 Jason Caccamo, 35 years old originally from Eastlake was arrested on felony charges of Identity Theft.  Mr. Caccamo is accused of obtaining and using his minor child’s identification (Social Security Number) to obtain cell phone service, credit cards etc.  Caccamo is currently incarcerated at Grafton Correctional.  He was transferred to EPD to be arraigned on the felony charges at WMC today (03/01/16) prior to his pending release date from prison., 02/28/16 0058hrs officers responded to S Lakeshore Blvd on the report of a large underage party. Upon arrival numerous vehicles were leaving the area filled with people who appeared to be in their teens and early 20’s. Arriving at the home at least 40-50 people were seen in the driveway, many of them fighting. As officers approached several participants fled on foot or locked themselves in the house. A 20 year old male was identified as the resident and was arrested for providing alcohol to underage people (Keg Law). An additional 19 year old male inside the house that refused to cooperate was arrested for disorderly intoxication. Underage people in the home (adults 18-20) were identified, located sober drivers and were released. The interior of the home was in disarray, trashed with hundreds of beer cans, bottles and other alcoholic beverages that were strewn about, many of them broken. At least one neighbor reported finding damage to their property believed to be caused by the party goers fleeing the area. This part of the report is still under investigation., 02/27/16 1152hrs patrol units responded to a hit-skip accident on Blanche Ave.  A caller reported a utility pole was struck by a truck causing downed power lines.  The suspect vehicle with fresh front end damage was located in a nearby driveway.  The driver, a 23 year old resident, answered the door holding a beer bottle.  He readily admitted to striking the pole and further stated he had since consumed shots and beers while at the home.  His honesty and dedication not to drive under the influence was appreciated.  He was cited for hit-skip and advised if he does drive under the influence he would be arrested., STATEMENT OF THE FRATERNAL ORDER OF POLICE AND THE INTERNATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF CHIEFS OF POLICE ON USE OF FORCE STANDARDSOur two organizations have long been dedicated to improving the profession of law enforcement and the practice of policing the United States’ streets and neighborhoods. Our members serve the public because they have heard and answered the call of duty—a call that places the highest premium on the protection of human lives, even of those who seek to take the lives of others.Improving the profession does not and should not mean that officers abandon the oath they took when they promised to protect citizens. We cannot reasonably expect law enforcement officers to walk away from potentially dangerous situations and individuals in the hope that those situations resolve themselves without further harm being done. Reasonable use of force in any given situation must be at the discretion of a fully sworn and trained officer. This is why we train our officers for so many different scenarios. One of the tools an officer relies on the most is his or her judgement. Officers are not just taught how to shoot or how to restrain a violent suspect—they are trained to use their best judgement to resolve any given situation and to do so with the safety of the public, the officer, and the suspect as their foremost objectives. Sound judgement, not their marksmanship or physical skills, is the reason our officers have the tools and authorities they possess.At a traffic stop, in the dark alley, or during a call of shots fired, we are relying on the judgement of that officer. These brave men and women are thoroughly trained to respond appropriately to a variety of different situations, especially those in which the just and lawful application of force is necessary. That is why both of our organizations reject any call to require law enforcement agencies to unilaterally, and haphazardly, establish use-of-force guidelines that exceed the “objectively reasonable” standard set forth by the U.S. Supreme Court nearly 30 years ago (Graham v. Connor). It is clear that we must continue to place our trust in the hands of the law enforcement practioners who protect our streets and neighborhoods.However, as part of our continuing efforts to further advance the profession, the FOP and the IACP will be convening a law enforcement leadership summit to examine use of force by law enforcement officers, discuss our differences with recent proposals, identify areas of consensus and, collectively, map out a path forward on use of force issues.Our organizations are committed to improving our profession and look forward to working together to do so., null, Help spread the word - pick up your free car magnet at EPD., The News-Herald 
A Willowick man was sentenced Feb. 22 to 10 years in prison for a series of Eastlake burglaries. Kellen Corti, 26, previously pleaded guilty to five counts of burglary before Lake County Common Pleas Judge Richard L. Collins Jr. Corti was arrested in May. According to Eastlake police, Corti had been handing out fliers, ringing doorbells and checking for open or unlocked doors to steal valuables. Corti received more than $12,000 from a Euclid pawn shop for stolen jewelry and coins, police said.
The judge ordered Corti to pay court costs, plus restitution to several of the victims., 02/20/16 1313hrs a 59 year old male exited the front doors Drug Mart and was crossing the driveway. He was approximately halfway across when he  was clipped from behind by a truck knocking him to the ground.  The truck that struck him ran his legs over with the front passenger side tire. The truck was turning left which prevented the back wheels from also running over the victim’s legs again. The male driver was stopped by witnesses and  identified.  The driver who had pulled out of a parking space said he never saw the pedestrian.  He reported he felt something and heard people yelling for him to stop.  The male driver from Euclid was cited for failure to yield on shopping center grounds.  The victim was transported to the hospital for treatment., null, 02/16/16 we have received reports of a prowler / peeping tom in the Lakeside Estates and Windsor Lodge apartment complexes.  The male was observed at bedroom windows possibly using his cell phone as a recording device taping females and in one reported incident a female juvenile while in their homes.  Other than the male wearing all black clothing, there is no physical description available., UPDATE - 02/17/15 Riddle has turned himself into Willoughby Court where his $25,000 cash/surety bond was posted.  He was processed by EPD and released.  02/15/16 William “Billy” Riddle, age 39, 5ft 9in, 150lbs, (minus the  dreadlocks, he's sporting a new look) is wanted by this department for felony charges of intimidating a witness.  Anyone having information on his current whereabouts is asked to contact this department at 440-951-1400 or by private message., On Friday February 12, 2016, Chief Reik attended the graduation ceremony of our own; Lt. Bob Gonzalez, who along with 35 other law enforcement officers from across the State of Ohio graduated from the Ohio Association of Chiefs of Police and Law Enforcement Foundations, “Certified Law Enforcement Executive” (CLEE) program.  Over the past 20 years only 384 officers have graduated from the grueling 14 month long academic program to achieve the CLEE certification. Lt. Gonzalez is the first Eastlake officer to attend and graduate from this prestigious program, in which participants study materials, which include readings from books, articles, chapter exercises, and case studies; along with being evaluated on nine different learning modules through written tests and case studies over the 14-month period and finally through an oral presentation at the conclusion of the course.
Graduates must demonstrate ethical leadership to enhance the value, reputation and service of their police agency to the community; and be able to manage change effectively and efficiently using all resources, to improve the services provided by their agency for the community it serves.
We are proud to have Lt. Gonzalez as part of our staff and congratulate him on this achievement!, 02/11/16 we are looking to identify the female or male featured in this video recorded at the Verizon store on Vine St. (wait for the two to enter the store) The female is seen in the surveillance video removing a white box from the counter in front of the register containing a GIZMO PAL child’s watch / GPS.  The two left the store and entered a beat up red 90’s  Geo Tracker with a black top and duct tape on the rear driver’s side window.  Contact EPD at 440-951-1400 or PM this page., 02/12/16 Mrs. Herron, long time crossing guard for Longfellow School, crossed students this morning for her final time.  Mrs. Herron resigned from her position to enter retirement after 16 years of service with our department and the Willoughby-Eastlake School district.  Thank you for your service you will be missed., null, On Tuesday, February 9 we ceremonially swore in Ptl. Paul Stanley as a full-time patrol officer. Plt. Stanley started his tenure approximately six weeks ago and tonight we had this event to recognize him in front of our city leaders. You can expect to see patrolman Stanley throughout the community for years to come., 02/04/16 1800hrs burglary report taken at the Sussex Apartments located on Lakeshore Blvd.  Forced entry was made through a bedroom window.  A second locked bedroom door in the apartment was forced open and damaged.  The complainants were unable to report what was taken. Investigation ongoing., UPDATE:  19 year old Justin Damm was arrested  02/02/16 on  Aggravated Burglary charges in connection to this incident.  He was processed  and released  a short time later when his court set bond was posted.  He is due in court for arraignment on 02/09/16. -  01/20/16 2122hrs report of an aggravated burglary in the 33000 block of Jennison. According to the residents two males entered the home through an unlocked door and removed small electronic items. When confronted by a woman in the home both suspects pushed the female causing her to fall to the ground. The two then fled the area with the electronics driving away in a white 4d vehicle. Acquaintances of the family are suspected., Condolences for a member of our law enforcement community and a valued member of the community., The Eastlake Police Department is sad to announce the passing away of longtime owner and founder of Biagio’s Donut Shop and Pizzeria; Biagio Cappadonna. Mr. Cappadonna whom  everyone knew by his first name was a kind and generous man, who was a friend to many here in Eastlake and the Lake County area.
His shop on Vine St. was a neighborhood institution, where many generations of families came to enjoy his donuts and pizza. He started the business 53 years ago in 1963 and he remained working there making donuts even after his son Joey took over business many years later. He was always willing to hire local young people, and give them their first start at a job career. 
While it is always the running joke about cops and donuts, we here at the police department called Biagio a great friend to our agency. He always had smile on his face, took the time to chat, and had hot coffee brewing on long cold nights for our officers and officers of other agencies who came into his store. Plus he did have the best donuts around!
He will be missed and we hope the best for his family and friends., 02/01/15 1751hrs a resident enjoying a walk at Bruce Yee Park reported the occupant of a vehicle that was parked behind the building left behind a lot of trash that had been removed from the car.  The caller obtained the license plate number as the vehicle left the area and notified EPD.  An officer responded to the home of the resident who was advised of the complaint. The resident then returned to the park to clean up her own mess., 01/31/16 a 85 year old female reported to this department a male exposed himself to her in the early evening hours of 01/25/16 on Kenilworth.  A 27 year old male was identified as being responsible and turned himself in on the court issued warrant on 01/31/16.  He was processed and released on a $2000 unsecured bond., 01/30/16 0209hrs theft of city property – a caller reported two males operating a boxy, older model Ford pick-up with a small light bar and loud exhaust stopped at the corner of Reeves and Brooks and exited their vehicle.  The males tied a chain around the street sign pole using the truck to remove the entire pole and sign. Once this was accomplished they placed the pole in the bed of the truck and left the area.  Report taken, Participate or just attend and enjoy!, http://www.news4jax.com/news/video-shows-florida-trooper-hit-by-car, http://m.cleveland19.com/19actionnews/db_330498/contentdetail.htm?contentguid=fR3T29QX, 01/23/16 1113hrs a 21 year old Mentor woman was arrested on felony charges for tampering with evidence.  EPD was called to the scene of a possible drug overdose on E 345th.  Prior to EPD and rescue arriving on scene the female with the victim attempted to conceal a syringe and destroy suspected heroin.  Both items were recovered and sent to the crime lab.  More charges are pending test results., 01/22/16 2318hrs officers responded to Lakeside Estates and met with witnesses who advised they were watching their television at approximately 23:05 hrs. and heard two men arguing in the hallway across from their apartment. They reported they heard a loud boom in the hallway that sounded like a gun being fired at which time EPD was contacted. Located in the vestibule area was a shell casing from a .22 Cal round. Further investigation led to the arrest of a 40 year old male resident who admitted to firing the round over some frustrations he was feeling. It was also determined no one had been injured during the exchange. The male was charged with misdemeanors for using a weapon while intoxicated and discharging a firearm in prohibited area. He was held for bond and sobriety. His firearms were seized for safekeeping., 01/20/16 2122hrs report of an aggravated burglary in the 33000 block of Jennison.  According to the residents two males entered the home through an unlocked door and removed small electronic items.  When confronted by a woman in the home both suspects pushed the female causing her to fall to the ground.  The two then fled the area with the electronics driving away in a white 4d vehicle.  Acquaintances of the family are suspected., null, 01/15/16 find a felon Friday….Justin Robert Peters is wanted by this department for Aggravated Robbery and Felonious Assault for an incident that occurred on Waverly Rd in August of 2015.  Mr Peters allegedly brandished a handgun and assaulted a male with the gun during a theft offense.  Mr Peters is 23 years old, 6ft 2in and 180lbs. If you have information on Peters whereabouts contact EPD at 440-951-1400 or PM this page reference 1501077., On January 9th in recognition of Law Enforcement Appreciation Day our department received many different cards, pictures and bakery items.  It was so nice that so many people took time out of their day to say thank you to our profession., null, 01/12/16 Tuesday at council both the Eastlake police and fire departments received checks from the Willoughby Elks club. John Felice presented the checks to Chief Whittington and Chief Reik.  The funds will be earmarked for education and safety. The fire department will be updating their education equipment for our 2nd and 3rd grade elementary classes. The police department will be using funding for the continuation of our safety town program.  We thank our community partners for their generosity., 01/12/16 0920hrs there has been several accidents already this morning.  If you haven’t left your home as of yet give yourself  extra time to get where you are going. Ice and snow take it slow., 01/11/16 person(s) unknown broke a window and entered a work van in the 29000 block of Barbara Ave stealing approximately $11,000 worth of work tools. Investigation continuing, null, UPDATE: The FBI is involved in this investigation and is offering a reward to the person that can identify the suspect involved in this robbery that results in his apprehension.
On today’s date the Fifth/Third Bank branch located at 33464 Vine St., Eastlake, Ohio was robbed at gunpoint.

At 12:20 hrs. A white male described as being in his late 20’s or early 30’s and approximately 5”8” to 5’ 10” in height entered the bank and announced a robbery. The male was wearing a grey hoodie and khaki colored pants. He also had on a white knit cap underneath his hoodie and a black ski type mask covering his face. 

The male pointed a black semi-automatic pistol at the teller and branch manager and demanded the money, which he placed in a small bag. He ordered the customers to lie down and then fled the bank on foot with an undisclosed amount of cash. A witness stated the suspect entered a 1997 to 1999 Champagne colored Ford Taurus station wagon and fled east on Vine St.

Eastlake Police are currently investigating the incident and if anyone can supply any other pertinent information they are requested to call the Eastlake Police at (440) 951-1400, January 9, 2016 Law Enforcement Appreciation Day, null, 01/05/16 a 40” flat screen TV was taken from an apartment on Windsor Ct for the second time from an elderly female.  A family member removed the television on the first occasion a couple of months ago but returned it shortly after fearing prosecution.  The television was again removed by this family member along with two accomplices on this date and when confronted was told they took it to “show it to someone” – warrants were issued for the three responsible for the theft., 01/03/16 theft report generated for the theft of two firearms, a sizeable amount of money and gift cards were taken from a home in the 1200 block of Waverly. There were no signs of forceful entry, an acquaintance of the family is suspected of the theft., 01/05/16

Four new councilman were sworn in at 6:30. New councilman are John Meyers ward 2, Jason Kasunick ward 3, David Spotton ward 4, and Michael Zuren ward 1. Good luck to all of you. Come to our next council meeting on 01/12/16 at 7pm to meet them all., http://nypost.com/2016/01/02/myth-of-the-cop-killing-epidemic/, 01/05/16 over the holiday weekend five people were arrested for driving under the influence they are as follows: a 28 year old male was involved and at fault for an injury accident on Lakeland Blvd near E 361st,  a 34 year old male was driving over curbs and tree lawns on Erie Rd near Lakeshore Blvd when arrested, a 50 year old struck a parked vehicle on Shelton Blvd, a 32 year old male was injured after driving his vehicle into a ditch on E 354th and lastly a 72 year old male was arrested shortly after a complaint that the male was urinating thus exposing himself in the parking lot of Walgreens., 01/05/16 First Energy will be utilizing professional tree service companies to begin their 2016 tree trimming in our area.  We do not have exact maps of the locations where they are working but they will be in front, side and backyards., 01/02/16 over the past few nights we have taken several reports of thefts, damage to Christmas displays and property from the following areas: Iris Ln, Rokeby, Woodstock, E 332nd, and Morris. The suspect vehicle is believed to be an older model Buick or Oldsmobile, light in color and at the time occupied by two white younger males.  One lawn statue that was taken is pictured below. This statute has priceless sentimental value to its owners having been given to the owner by a now deceased family member.  If anyone has information or happens to locate this object please contact this department., null, 12/26/15 1321hrs a three car injury accident occurred at SR 91 and Stevens.  A vehicle traveling E/B on Stevens and a vehicle traveling W/B on Stevens were crossing over 91 as a third vehicle traveling on 91 ran the red light striking both cars. Prior to EPD arrival one victim vehicle drove away from the scene.  Witnesses saw that vehicle with heavy front end damage pull in to a nearby driveway and his license plate was left on scene as well.  The at fault operator was cited for the red light and the operator who left the scene was cited for driving under suspension and leaving the scene of an accident., https://www.facebook.com/rebecca.lake.7792/videos/546921655471916/ Santa caught in action thanks for sharing Ms Lake., It’s Christmas and we just wanted to say thank-you for the support this community has shown us over the past year.  EPD wishes you and your family a wonderful holiday - Merry Christmas., 12/22 we are looking to ID this female shopping on someone else's dime - misuse of a credit card. She is possibly operating a Pontiac or Olds minivan.  Please call 440-951-1400 or PM this page. Thank you. Reference 1501763, 12/08 EPD received a theft complaint from members of the Lake County Yacht Club.  The members reported they went to their respective docks to find rods and reels were missing.  An Officer recalled entering a home during the course of an arrest and observing several fishing rods in a home on N Riverview Dr. in October. An investigation eventually led to the arrest of 51 year old Dean Delbrocco, with no listed permanent address, for a charge of receiving stolen property, a felony of the 5th degree.  Most of the rods and reels, with a value of over $1,000, were returned to their respective owners, but some fishing rods allegedly sold for illegal narcotics and were not recovered.  This arrest was made in conjunction with a burglary that occurred on 12/19/15 at the Chagrin Trailer Park where Delbrocco was observed in the trailer. A camera that was stolen was still concealed on Delbrocco at the time of the arrest.  The burglary charge is a felony of the 3rd degree. He is currently being held at the Lake County Jail., 12/18/15 The 9th Annual Community Christmas was a huge success. With the combined efforts of the Eastlake Victim Advocates, members from the Police & Fire departments, EPAL, Tom French (Billy’s Martini Bar), city workers and numerous volunteers, we were able to help over 100 families and more than 180 kids with Christmas this year. Food baskets are also being distributed to over 20 families that consist of all the essentials for a wonderful Christmas dinner. It’s refreshing to see the community come together during the holidays to assist fellow residents who are in need. We cannot thank the generosity of those that donated enough - whether it was money, gifts, or their free time - it would not have been possible without all of you!, 12/18/15 Friday’s featured felon is Mr. Ryan C. Holy formally of Eastlake.  Holy is accused of stealing computer equipment and a credit card from a family member. Holly proceeded to use the credit card at several stores in Eastlake and surrounding communities. He is wanted for felony theft and  a misdemeanor charge for misuse of a credit card., 12/15/15 Grinch report in the 400 block of Waverly Rd – a family member is suspected in the theft of electronic gifts purchased for younger siblings for Christmas.  The gifts were hidden in a closet from the children known only by a parent and the suspect. Investigation continuing., 12/15 Santa was joined by the Mayor, Police Chief, Fire Chief, the Service Director and other officers visiting area elementary schools.  This is an annual event enjoyed by all. Special thanks to the officers that donated their time to help make our visit memorable., 12/11/15 A few months ago a number of bikes were purchased by the mayor that were turned over to "Red" from Red's Bicycles, located at 36081 Lakeshore in Eastlake. Red took these bikes and had them re-furbished, reconditioned, and completed maintenance on each of them making them safe and looking brand new for the road. Today Red returned the bicycles back to the police department to be given to any area family in need. 
There are two 24 inch bicycles, two 26 inch bicycles and two 12 inch bicycles. If you have a need for one of these bikes or know a family in need feel free to private message us so we can get these to a worthy family for the holidays. No phone calls please.
Stop by and visit Red and please commend him on his commitment to the community. He is at 36081 Lakeshore Blvd. in Eastlake., 12/11/15 this week’s Find a Felon Friday is 32 year old Johnny D. Rivers formerly of Eastlake.  Rivers is accused of using a stolen credit card to purchase firearms within the city.  Rivers stands 6’02 and weighs 225lbs.  If you know of Rivers whereabouts contact EPD at 440-951-1400 or private message this page., 12/09/15 1747hrs EPD received a call of an occupied vehicle parked on a side street that had been there for some time.  On arrival the occupant, later identified as 29 year old James Loughley Jr of Cleveland, observed the police units, turned his lights on and attempted to drive away.  Officers blocked the roadway and James stopped his vehicle. Through an investigation it was learned Loughley met a 16 year old female through an internet site and the two agreed to meet. It was also learned the male sent inappropriate photos of his genitalia to the juvenile via the internet. Loughley was charged with disseminating material harmful to juveniles, a felony. According to the Ohio Attorney General’s website Loughley is a registered sex offender in Ohio.
EPD reserves the right to delete and eventually ban users of offensive language on this FB page., The Lake County Police Chiefs will be "serving" non alcoholic drinks and snacks at the Great Lakes Mall in the Macy's concourse on Saturday 12/12/15.  Come by and say hello.  Chief Reik will be serving from 3pm-4pm., null, 12/08/15 2013hrs officers were dispatched to the Town Laundromat for a disturbance.  On arrival Officers were told the male and female had left the business but not before the female threatened the caller with bodily harm if she called EPD.  The walking couple were located on E 343rd where they quickly entered a home locking the door.  The couple opened a window to  communicate and taunt officers on scene.  It was discovered the female, known by officers, had two warrants for her arrest and entry was made into the home for apprehension.  During entry, the female was struck by the door as she was attempting to hinder her arrest.  As she was being taken into custody, she spit bodily fluids and blood into the arresting officer’s eye. Twenty year old Micaela  Wooten was charged with harassment by an inmate, a felony of the third degree (the spitting incident), misdemeanor menacing (laundromat incident) underage consumption and the two warrants.  Her 50 year old boyfriend was charged with one misdemeanor for obstructing.  Wooten is being held on court  set bond of $50,000 cash or surety., 12/06/15 1627hrs officers responded to a shoplifter at Walmart who had concealed approximately $73.00 worth of merchandise on his person.  As loss prevention officers attempted to stop the male near the exit, he pushed one loss prevention officer away from him and continued to run out of the exit doors.   While he was attempting to get out of the store, an older male was trying to get his children out of the way of the altercation between the thief and loss prevention. The video showed the older children running out of the store and the same male trying to get a 3 to 4 year old small child out of the way. When the thief ran out of the exit door, he ran right into the small child, knocking him forward and to the ground. He continued to run through the parking lot towards Vine St. Officers located him shortly after hiding in a backyard on E 345th where he again began to flee EPD Officers before capture.  Resident, 31 year old James Vankell was  charged with one count of strong-arm robbery, a felony of the second degree, and  obstruction of official business for hindering and delaying in his apprehension., null, Thank you to all who were present and took the time to donate to the Eastlake Community Christmas Saturday at Walmart. We had a special guest appearance by Santa who gave a lending hand as well.  With your help families in our community in need over the holidays can have one less worry and make a memorable Christmas for their children., The Eastlake Victim Assistance Program is still accepting names of families in need for the 9th Annual Community Christmas. To qualify you must be a resident of Eastlake, and cannot be signed up with any other agency providing assistance for Christmas. To sign up, call Victim Advocates Michelle or Ruth at (440)975-4252 or (440)951-1400 exts. 234 & 233. Or e-mail your name and contact information to victadv@ameritech.net. 
Volunteers will be at the Eastlake Wal-Mart this Saturday, from 10A to 4P collecting monetary and toy donations for the Community Christmas Program. The advocates are also accepting donated toys in the police department lobby until December 13th. If you are interested in purchasing 50/50 raffle tickets, please contact the numbers or e-mail provided above. Thank you all for your generosity and support during the holiday season!, WICKLIFFE POLICE NEED ASSISTANCE IN IDENTIFYING ARMED BANK ROBBER:

On 12-01-2015 at about 11:35 am, Wickliffe officers responded to a report of a bank robbery at the Fifth-Third bank branch in the 28900 block of Euclid Avenue. It was learned that the male in the attached pictures entered the bank, covered his face with a bandana, and pointed a weapon at the bank employees. The black male suspect fled with an undisclosed amount of cash. 

Suspect is described as a tall thin black male in his early twenties. He was wearing a dark jacket and hoodie, a tan or grey belt, dark pants and dark tennis shoes with a small amount of white or light grey trim. The male had a backpack that was royal blue and black and had white writing. 

Anyone with information is asked to call the Wickliffe Police at 440-943-123243 or the FBI at 216-522-1400., 11/30/15 2330hrs 20 year old Austin Sherwood was arrested on a felony warrant for unlawful sexual conduct with a minor that occurred in the city between September of 2014 and October of 2015.  He was held on $10,000 cash or surety bond which was met shortly after arraignment this morning., 11/18/15 2300hrs Willowick resident Crystal Suchy, 34 was arrested on two felony warrants and two misdemeanor warrants for passing bad checks. She is accused of cashing checks in the city between 9-23-2015 AND 10-5-2015 in which all were returned on a closed account.  All of the checks appeared to be made on a personal printer with the total of all checks cashed being $3630.54.   Suchy also has an active felony warrant out of Cuyahoga County for forgery.  She is being held on a $10,000 cash or surety bond., 11/26/15 0140hrs callers reported people were climbing onto the roof of Shore Circle Convenient on Lakeshore Blvd.  Upon EPD arrival two Willowick females, ages 23 and 25, attempted to hide on the roof from officers but were unsuccessful in doing so.  The fire department was subsequently contacted and responded to the scene with a ladder truck to retrieve the women from the roof.  Both were provided with misdemeanor citations for disorderly conduct and released., UPDATE; This vehicle has been located and towed from a driveway in Wickliffe - investigation is continuing.
11/30/15 0210hrs hit-skip accident involving a pedestrian - a 47 year old female walking E/B in the W/B lane of Lakeland Blvd in the area of 33430 Lakeland was struck by 2005-2009 silver Kia spectra that fled the scene of the accident leaving behind the injured female.  The pedestrian was struck with the Kia’s right front and right mirror.  There were vehicle parts left at the accident scene including the mirror and two fender pieces.  The female was transported to the hospital for treatment. (The suspect vehicle will be similar to the posted pictures - this is not the actual vehicle involved) If anyone has any information or sees this vehicle they are asked to contact this department at 440-951-1400., null, The picture below will put even the “scrooges” out there in a great mood for the holidays. It shows there are still plenty of kind-hearted people in this world, and because of them many children will have an amazing Christmas. The toys shown are all donations collected at the 1st Annual Toy Drive that was created by Tom French and held at Billy’s Martini Bar located in Mentor on Monday November 23rd. The success of this event is
overwhelming and we at the Eastlake Police Department are extremely grateful for the help from Tom and those who attended to donated a gift. We cannot thank Tom French and Billy’s Martini Bar enough for their assistance with our 9th Annual Community Christmas. We would also like to acknowledge everyone who donated the toys that will go to children in need. We truly appreciate the support and generosity of those who are
helping this year and have helped in the past., 11/24/15 Eastlake welcomes newly sworn in firefighter / paramedic Lucas Zaharewicz.  He is the third FF hired under the SAFER grant obtained by the fire department.  He will be a great addition to our outstanding fire department., 11/23/15 1718hrs two black males were pushing a 55in Samsung TV (valued at $998) in a shopping cart attempting to exit through the grocery exit. They were approached by an employee asking for a receipt for the TV and in their haste to exit, the 55in Samsung fell out of the cart. Together they picked up the television and placed it in a maroon / red GR Marquis that was waiting in the fire lane being driven by a third suspect.  The Marquis has either a temporary tag or yellow party plates. Anyone with information is asked to call EPD (440-951-1400) or private message this page., 11/24/15 does anybody know who this good looking guy belongs to? He was found on the entrance ramp to SR 2 and SR 91., null, null, 11/20/15 FIND A FELON FRIDAY WANTED:
This department currently holds three felony warrants for Owen Brennan Newland, a 29 year old male formerly of Eastlake.  Newland is wanted for pandering obscenity involving a minor, pandering sexually oriented matter of a minor and obstruction charges.  If you know the whereabouts of Newland contact EPD (440-951-1400) or the law enforcement agency in your jurisdiction., 11/20/15 Eastlake City Hall is currently without power and phone service. If you have a situation that needs addressed immediately contact the police station at 440-951-1400., The Eastlake Beautification Committee is excited to announce the City's first annual Holiday Doors contest. Eastlake residents who decorate their front doors for the holiday season are encouraged to submit a picture of their entryway through Friday, December 18, 2015. Entries will be posted on the Committee's website, beautifuleastlake.org, for all to enjoy.

Winners will be selected by Christmas Day. The Grand Prize winner will receive loge tickets to a 2016 Lake County Captains home game.

Contest guidelines:

Any Eastlake resident's exterior front door qualifies for this contest. Pictures must be received no later than 11:59:59PM on Friday, December 18, 2015. Judging criteria will include:

1. Unique design and creative use of lights and decorations
 2. Storyline or theme
 3. Display and placement of decorations
 4. Use of animated objects (optional)
 5. Overall presentation.

Residents have three options for contest entry:

1. Submit your picture by email tocontest@beautifuleastlake.org
 2. Submit a photograph in person at the Mayor's Office in City Hall
 3. Share your picture on the Eastlake Beautification Committee's Facebook page (facebook.com/Eastlake-Community-Cleanup-Club-1446048415681…/).

All entries must include your name, address, and contact info.

Happy decorating!, * One female was tentatively identified within minutes thank you for the assistance we’ll keep you updated 11/19/15 to catch a thief….these two women were caught red handed on video stealing a wallet from a female who had just made a purchase at the self-check register.  If you can help identify the thieving duo please call EPD at 440-951-1400 or private message this page before they victimize any other citizens., 11/16/15 1430hrs Eastlake police were notified of a woman walking on the freeway. Officers arrived in determined that the woman was trying to rescue a small cat stuck in the high-speed berm on SR 2 eastbound over E 337th.  With the help of Eastlake police the animal was rescued and was taken by the good Samaritan., 11/15/15 1142hrs a simple $76.59 shoplifting offense at Dollar General is going to cost this 28 year old Cleveland female resident a whole lot more than if she paid for the merchandise to begin with. The shoplifter fled the scene of the theft once caught by loss prevention and a short time later Euclid PD reported to EPD the vehicle she was operating was caught on radar doing 103MPH through their city. The operator made a quick cut off the freeway, striking two guardrails and a telephone pole before fleeing the scene on foot. A positive identification was made on the driver / thief and warrants will be issued with appropriate charges in both cities., 11/15/15 halfway through no shave November! Participating officers pay a preset amount of money that is then donated as a whole to a charity or benefit of their choosing. Pictured below is a few of the participants., 11/12/15 1109hr high winds have taken down a live wire on Wanaka, the road will be closed 1- 2 hours. In the 36900 block of Shoreham a tree is down on powerlines and a utility pole has snapped at its base avoid that area if possible., 11/12/15 anyone who may have witnessed an accident on E 361st near Lakeland Blvd on 11/10/15 at approximately 425pm is asked to contact this department at 440-951-1400 or by private message.  The vehicles involved were  a 2004 Chevy Trailblazer, a 2010 Kia Optima and possibly a newer model black Crossover SUV  that reportedly fled the scene of the accident north on E 361st to eastbound on Lakeland Blvd.  (Reference reports 1501575 / 15-10-13)., Volunteers are needed on November 14, 2015 at the Boulevard of 500 Flags located at 35150 Lakeshore Blvd in Eastlake. Volunteers will assist taking down all flags in preparation for winter.  All organizations and individuals are welcome.  Volunteers are asked to meet behind City Hall equipped with a pair of gloves and pliers at 9am.  For more questions on volunteering please contact President Joe Strand at 440-942-9344., 11/11/15 we are once again receiving an abundance of calls for the three legged deer that is in the area as we did last year.  Although it may be alarming for some to see, the deer is thriving on its own without intervention and able to still jump fences and fend for itself., null, 11/10/15 weekend round up warrants and arrests -  some of the arrested this past weekend include: a 20 year old female resident possession of heroin (third heroin arrest this week, different people), 21 year old female resident unlawful entrustment, 35 year old Willoughby male DUI, 23 year old resident DUI, 35 year old Mentor resident warrant arrest, 18 year old resident aggravated menacing, 21 year old female resident assault, 22 year old Willoughby resident disorderly intoxication, 28 year old homeless female probation violation warrant, 25 year old male resident domestic violence, and a 27 year old Willoughby resident for theft., null, BODY OF CHRIST FELLOWSHIP: PARENTS WHO HAVE OUTLIVED A CHILD NOVEMBER MEETING
Children are supposed to outlive their parents and not the other way around!  One of the most painful events we can experience in life is the loss of a child. 
These horrible types of life experiences score highest on the scale of human distress.  In many cases, surviving parents are left with a sense of guilt coupled with overwhelming pain and sorrow.  Such a loss can be a major test of faith!  Is it really possible to move on after losing your own child?  What if that person
was your only child?  This type of sharing might prove supportive for some members of our community.   Coffee and cookies will be provided by Jane Monreal of Monreal’s Funeral Home in Eastlake and the McBrides.   
> WHEN:  WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 18 at 630pm
> WHERE:  Body of Christ Community in Tom’s Room (38057 Erie St Willoughby, Oh  440-953-2822)
> WHO:  Any member of the Community who has lost a child (of any age including infants and their significant others or friends
> WHAT:  Coping with the holiday blues
> WHO:  Associate Pastor Eric and Jim and Laura McBride
> HOW:   If you plan to attend,email chiefjtm@aol.com, 11/04/15 2133hrs a female, 30 year old Megan Nakasen of Euclid, was taken into custody charged with felonious assault and aggravated menacing along with her boyfriend, 31 year old Benjamin Espich of Indiana, who is charged with complicity to felonious assault and tampering with evidence.  The two were at a bar on Lakeshore when Nakasen approached a male acquaintance.  She placed her arms around his neck and according to witnesses, banished a spring assisted knife holding the blade against his throat.  Espich prevented on lookers from reaching Nakasen to intervene.  Upon arrival Espich and Nakasen were noticeably intoxicated, argumentative and were taken into custody.  Both denied having a knife although one was located on Espich’s person. Both were held without out bond on the felony charges until court arraignment., 11/02/15 due to a power outage Eastlake Middle School and Thomas Jefferson School will be closed today., Thanks for sharing to our page!, null, null, Nov 1, 2015 - Daylight Saving Time Ends
Sunday, November 1, 2015, 2:00:00 AM clocks are turned backward 1 hour to Sunday, November 1, 2015, 1:00:00 AM local standard time instead. Sunrise and sunset will be about 1 hour earlier on Nov 1, 2015 than the day before. There will be more light in the morning., null, Have a safe and fun Halloween!, * Identified due to your tips and calls - warrants have been issued.  10/29/15 EPD is seeking help from the public identifying the pictured males wanted in connection to thefts in the city. If you know this males identity or have pertinent information regarding the photos please private message this page or call 440-951-1400 EXT 220., 10/29/15 we are currently accepting applications for school crossing guards and substitute crossing guards.  This is an ideal position for senior citizens or stay at home parents with school age children.  The hours are 8am to 9:30am and 2:30pm to 3:30pm school days during the school year.  Pay rate is $10 per hour.  Interested candidates can pick up and return applications at the front window of the Police Station., 10/29/15 0435hrs Lakeshore / St Lawrence area -  There are two primary lines down caused by a tree that fell on the lines. Two transformers have blown causing several powerline and pole fires.  CEI has been notified.  In the Willoway area CEI has also been contacted for the flickering lights many of you are experiencing., 10/28/15 0740hrs traffic was tied up this morning at E 340th and Vine when a powerline fell on a school bus.  There were no students on the bus at the time and the driver was not injured.  Crews were called out that remedied the situation and re-opened the area to traffic within an hour., And we can't forget our 4-legged friends., Trick or Treating will be Saturday October 31 from 6pm to 8pm in Eastlake.  We will have additional patrols out in the city during this event.  Please drive safely and be extra cautious while the children are out during your travels., 10/24/15 1505hrs EPD officers were dispatched to the dead end of St. Lawrence for a male with his pants down behind the bushes.  Officers were advised  the complainant’s children told her they were watching an old man going to the bathroom in the bush in front of their house. When she looked out the window she observed the male was involved with himself and not urinating. Two neighbors approached the 76 year old male who at that point pulled up his pants and began to walk away quickly then break into a jog. At this point EPD arrived on scene. The male was taken into custody charged with indecent exposure/public indecency and released on court set bond when processing was complete., 10/23/15 1023hrs private property hit-skip accident report in the parking lot of Walmart.  A vehicle traveling eastbound  was stopped at the stop sign of the intersection of the main aisle ways.  The suspect vehicle was traveling southbound down the main aisle way and made a right hand turn, turning wide as it turned westbound striking the victim vehicle then leaving the scene.  The victim driver circled the parking lot finding the suspect vehicle parking in front of and called EPD. Upon arrival the driver initially denied being involved in the accident even with the blatant damage to both cars. The 44 year old driver was shortly thereafter taken into custody for OVI.  Score .293, 10/22/15 1119hrs a button buck found himself in a precarious situation when he toppled into an in the ground on Pinehurst and was unable to free himself.  Officers along with a member to the fire department responded for the rescue.   Personnel with the aid of the homeowner placed stairs into the shallow end of the pool.  Using the pool net skimmer and pole the deer was guided and prompted to go up the stairs on to dry land. Once out of the water the deer fled the area., 10/21/15 1607hrs 21 year old John Kinsley was taken into custody charged with three counts of felony aggravated menacing.  According to witness accounts, after a brief altercation in the 36000 block of Vine St between Kinsley and three males, Kinsley brandished a switch blade type knife threatening to cut the males.  Kinsley fled the area when one victim obtained a baseball bat, running out of his flip flops and attempting to hide behind buildings. The sock cladded male was soon located and taken into custody.  Willoughby Police and their Canine Handler also assisted with the arrest., 10/21/15 1548hrs officers responded to Lakeland Blvd at E 361th for a three car injury accident.  Two vehicles traveling eastbound were stopped in traffic.  A third vehicle traveling eastbound failed to maintain an assured clear distance striking the car in front of her, causing that vehicle to strike the car the driver was behind.  One person was transported to the hospital with minor injuries.  The at fault driver, a 45 year old female resident, was arrested on the scene for driving under the influence of drugs and / or alcohol.  When questioned, the driver had no recollection of being involved in the crash., null, WHEELER IS IN CUSTODY 10/21/15 an active felony burglary warrant has been issued for 21 year old Cody Wheeler of Eastlake for a brazen daytime burglary committed on Courtland Blvd in this city on 10/16/15.   Anyone caught harboring this fugitive may also face criminal charges.  Any helpful information can be private messaged to this page and as always thanks for your assistance., 10/20/15 during the early morning hours the vehicle pictured occupied by at least one male removed catalytic converters from vehicles in a parking lot on Lakeland Blvd.  The suspect vehicle is a Chevy Trailblazer, possibly grey, gold, or pewter in color. Due to the cameras operating in IR mode, a true color could not be determined.  The vehicle is also had no front license plate displayed.  If you happen to observe  this vehicle contact EPD 440-951-1400 – thanks in advance, 10/19/15 0835 Officers again responded to North High School for a written threat of school violence that was discovered in a classroom.  Handwriting samples were obtained and compared to students who had access to this classroom on Thursday 10/15/15 which revealed a suspect. This student was questioned immediately and officers deemed the threat was not credible.  The consequences facing this student are serious.  The student received a school suspension and will be required to attend an expulsion hearing.  This student has been charged criminally with felony inducting panic charges requiring an appearance at Lake County Juvenile Court.  There is zero tolerance for threats of school violence - these threats are taken very seriously for the safety of the students and staff., null, null, 10/16/15 1132hrs officer responded to the dog park on a report of two dogs fighting.  A male was seen dropping off two pitbulls inside the gated area of the park and leaving.  He called out to a witness that he would be right back.  As another dog approached the dog park fenced playpen, one of the pitbulls climbed over the fence attacking the approaching dog.  The dog owner with the assistance of a bystander were able to separate the animals causing minor injuries to their hands.  The victim dog was transported to the vet’s by its owner.  Due to the aggressive bad manners of the two dogs and believing them to be abandoned, the Dog Warden along with the Lake Humane Society were called out. Later, the male who abandoned the dogs was identified through a third source. Lake Humane Society will complete their investigation and charge accordingly., null, WILLOUGHBY-EASTLAKE CITY SCHOOL DISTRICT 
10/14/15

Dear Parents/Guardians:

Student safety is, and always has been, of primary concern to our school. As you may already know, a threat was written on a desk. We have been working in conjunction with the Eastlake Police department in conducting a full investigation into this threat.

At this point we do not feel that this is a credible threat. That being said, we wanted to inform you of the situation.  An increased security presence will be on campus throughout the entire day tomorrow. We will continue our investigation until the person responsible for writing the threat is apprehended. If you have any information that might assist us in the apprehension of this individual, please forward any information to the Eastlake Police Department at (440) 951-1400.

We ask that you speak to your student about the seriousness of writing threatening messages and encourage them to report information regarding this situation to a staff member or an administrator immediately. If you have any questions or concerns please feel free to contact the school at (440) 975-3692.

Sincerely,

     Jennifer Chauby
     Principal

Teach • Learn • Grow, 10/13/15 1310hrs officers responded to the area of SR 91 S/B from Stevens for a possible impaired motorist.  The gray Dodge was located as it turned west onto Vine from E 351st.  The Dodge crossed both westbound lanes of Vine and into the center turn lane directly in front of the responding officer.  The Dodge turned back right across both westbound lanes and struck the curb then continued west on Vine where a traffic stop was initiated however, the driver attempted to turn north onto E348th crossing both lanes of E 348th, went up onto the curb and struck a stop sign.  The driver, a 46 year old Willoughby resident was taken into custody for driving under the influence of alcohol and/or drugs and driving under an OVI suspension. He was transported to Lake West for a blood and urine testing then booked into Eastlake City jail held on bond. More charges will be pending results of the blood/urine tests., null, null, 10/14/15 Monthly emergency alarm test in progress..., 10-13-2015 02:50  Eastlake Firefighters battle an overnight blaze at 1419 E. 359th Street with assistance from Fire Departments in Willowick, Willoughby, and Kirtland. Firefighters were able to get the fire under control in less than 20 minutes. An empty storage shed and three vehicles were damaged. A portion of Vine Street was closed and re-opened a short time later. E 359th Street South of Vine Street remains closed at this time., 10/10/15 0541hrs officer responded to the 900 block of E 346th for a grand theft auto report.  The owner of a red 1998 Chevy S-10 reported his vehicle was taken from his driveway during the overnight hours which was discovered missing as he was leaving for work at the time of the call. The Chevy had a clear title but was left unlocked with the vehicle keys inside., 10/09/15 between 3pm and 9pm a burglary occurred in the 700 block of E 331st.  Person(s) unknown removed a lock and clasp to enter a garage and also forced a window on the home to enter the residence.  It appears prescription medicine may have been what the suspect was looking for. No one was home at the time – under investigation., null, FirstEnergy Transmission Aerial Sawing Notification - Forestry
Please be advised that Aerial Solutions, Inc. has started the Transmission corridors listed below on Monday, October 5, 2015.  This work is anticipated to take about two weeks, weather permitting.  Counties include Ashtabula County, Cuyahoga County,  Geauga County, and Lake County in Ohio. This will include powerlines in our area. If you see helicopters hoovering over the powerlines, this is the reason they are in the area., null, 10/04/15 during the overnight hours person(s) unknown broke into a bar / nightclub on Lakeland Blvd taking cash from various electronic devices and causing $1,000’s of dollars in damage in the process. Under investigation., Thank you Amanda for sharing this story with us.  Plt Clark was recognized in roll call today and a copy of this will be put in his file.  This is exactly what we want and often get from our officers but it is not always passed on so thanks again.

Chief Reik, null, null, The Lake County Alcohol, Drug Addiction and Mental Health Services (ADAMHS) Board and the Lake County Opiate Task Force are bringing Operation Street Smart back to the area on Thursday, October 15.
Operation Street Smart is an award winning initiative of the Franklin
County Ohio Sheriff's Department. Undercover detectives with thirty-plus years of combined narcotics experience conduct the presentation, which includes actual samples of street drugs and drug paraphernalia. Attendees will learn more about the effects of drug abuse/addiction and about ways abusers and addicts access their drugs and camouflage their behaviors. It's a must-see for parents and others who work with and care about youth.
The program takes place at the Eastlake Radisson on Rt. 91 at Rt. 2.  Registration is at noon, with the presentation running from 12:30 - 4:30.  There is no charge to attend, but seating is limited and pre-registration is required by October 8. Registration can be accomplished via a phone call to the ADAMHS office at 440-350-2384, or an email to ktuttle@lakeadamhs.org.
The ADAMHS Board is responsible for planning, monitoring, funding and evaluating Lake County's network of mental health and addiction recovery services. The Opiate Task Force is an ADAMHS-led collaboration of community partners united in their commitment to reduce the tragic consequences that stem from the misuse of opiates in Lake County., 09/26/15 probable cause warrants were served on 36 year old William Carrig of Eastlake for felonious assault and a misdemeanor weapon charge for firing a .22 cal pellet rifle at a neighbor who was plowing snow in February of this year three times with two of the pellets striking the victim.  Carrig was also charged with using weapons while intoxicated and criminal damaging for shooting the door and windows of a parked vehicle in July of this year., null, 09/26/15 1400hrs 34 year old Brandy Mooneyham of Cleveland was arrested on felony  probable cause warrants for unauthorized use of a motor vehicle and theft of a credit card from an incident that occurred in August  after Mooneyham spent the night at an acquaintance’s residence in the city.  Found in Mooneyham’s property upon arrest were the car keys belonging to the vehicle and prescription drugs belonging to another - a crime she was additionally charged with.  She is being held on $5000 cash bond. The vehicle was recovered in Brecksville on the 10th of August., 09/25/15 1249hrs a 58 year old Euclid resident is charged with impersonating a police officer while committing a theft offense in the city. Upon his arrest the male admitted he was not a police officer, even though by his apparel it appeared that he would be considered an officer by the general public. He was held on court set bond of $3500/10% which was posted.  His jacket was confiscated as evidence and placed into property., 09/25/15 0400hrs a male leaving his place of business in the 1500 block of E 367th was robbed at gunpoint. The suspect took the victim’s wallet and car keys.  The unknown male suspect fled on foot after the occurrence in unknown direction.  Willoughby PD’s K9 Loki with his handler assisted in the search of the area.  The only description provided was a male possibly wearing a green hoodie.  Investigation is on-going as detectives check video surveillances of nearby businesses. Anyone with any information is asked to contact the Detective Bureau at 440-951-1400 ext. 223., null, 09/22/15 2127hrs officer responding to a different call saw two vehicles, a tan car and a black car, stopped in the middle of the intersection at 91 and Vine facing E/B. Words were being exchanged between the two drivers. Once behind the vehicles it was obvious the vehicles were involved in an accident as the rear of the tan vehicle had fresh damage.  The victim vehicle (tan car)  was asked to pull to the side of the road and the black car was instructed to pull in behind the tan car.  The tan car complied but the black car turned left through the intersection driving N/B on SR 91.  The vehicle finally stopped in the middle of road at 91 and Stevens.  The operator, a 61 year old female from Eastlake, was taken into custody for OVI and failure to comply to a police order  Score .165, 09/22/15 1456hrs officers responded to Citizens Bank on Vine St for a male attempting to cash a stolen business check. The male, 21 year old Timothy Hutter of Lakeline was taken into custody charged with felony receiving stolen property and felony drug possession. Located in Hutter’s vehicle prior to impound was additional stolen business checks and drug equipment.  He was transported to County Jail unable to post his $5000/10% bond., 09/21/15 0303hrs two 14 year old males from Cleveland were arrested Monday morning charged with two felony counts of receiving stolen property, along with traffic violations for fleeing and eluding and no drivers license. The two males began by stealing a 2007 Toyota Prius from Lakewood. They traveled to Euclid where they reportedly began stealing items from unlocked vehicles and made their way to Wickliffe and Willowick also committing thefts from vehicles.  Radio traffic from a neighboring city alerted EPD of the stolen vehicle as it was approaching Eastlake. A traffic stop was initiated by officers but the driver would not comply, continuing east on Lakeshore. Willoughby PD heard  radio traffic for the attempted traffic stop and set up a spike strip at Lakeshore by Tamarac causing the vehicle to stop once it hit the spikes. The males fled the vehicle into a wooded area out of the driver's side of the vehicle. After a brief search with Willoughby PD K9 and his handler the two males were located hiding in an unlocked vehicle. They were taken into custody without further incident.  The males are currently being held at the Lake County detention center.  A considerable amount of the stolen property was returned to the rightful owners throughout the day., 09/21/15 photos from the motorcycle vs car accident on Lakeland Blvd that occurred on the 17th.  According to witnesses the operator of the motorcycle, 47 year old Brian Zana of Willoughby, was traveling westbound on Lakeland Blvd and traveled left of center striking a vehicle traveling eastbound driven by Margaret Darco from Willowick.  Zana was air lifted to Metro Hospital with multiple injuries.  Investigation is on-going, alcohol and speed are believed to be factors - charges are pending., 09/21/15 photos from the motorcycle vs car accident on Lakeland Blvd that occurred on the 17th.  According to witnesses the operator of the motorcycle, 47 year old Brian Zana of Willoughby, was traveling westbound on Lakeland Blvd and traveled left of center striking a vehicle traveling eastbound driven by Margaret Darco from Willowick.  Zana was air lifted to Metro Hospital with multiple injuries.  Investigation is on-going, alcohol and speed are believed to be factors - charges are pending., 09/20/15 need you car washed? North's class of 2017 is having a car wash at O'Reillys auto from 10-2 today on Vine St. to help pay for prom. Stop on by!, http://www.news-herald.com/general-news/20150917/man-critically-injured-in-eastlake-motorcycle-crash, 09/17/15 At 10:00 pm last night, a 60 year old Painesville man stated he was robbed gunpoint after obtaining cash from the Citizens Federal bank ATM at 33700 Vine St. The victim told police that he had just taken money from the drive thru ATM and had stopped to count it when a young black male approached the victim’s driver’s side car window and pointed a black semi-auto handgun at him and demanded the money.
The victim handed over the cash and the suspect fled on foot towards the Save-a lot Food store parking lot across the street from the bank. No one was injured in the robbery. A Euclid Police K-9  assisted in attempting to track the suspect, but did not locate him.  The suspect is described as African American, 18-25 years of age, approximately 6 feet tall, clean shaven with medium length hair, and had a medium build and medium complexion. He was wearing dark bomber style jacket and dark jeans.   
Anyone with information is asked to call the Eastlake Police Department at 440-951-1400., 09/15/15 1816hrs a caller from Don Tequila restaurant on Lakeshore reported a blue Toyota occupied by two males were attempting to sell silver and gold jewelry with the price tags still on the items which he believed may be stolen. The vehicle was located at Circle K on Lakeshore and the occupants identified as  a 72 year old and 69 year old out of Cleveland.  The costume jewelry was located with the males. The males were misrepresenting the jewelry as real gold and silver attempting to sell it for between $260  and $400.  The men stated they purchased the jewelry for $3-$4 apiece.  Both males were issued citations for solicitation., null, 09/11/15 a physical altercation between two males in a home on E 340th on 09/02/15 resulted in the arrest of 47 year old Ronald Cesa on Friday. Cesa is charged with felonious assault after causing serious physical harm to a male victim who was transported to the hospital for treatment of his injuries.  A third male  involved in the exchange was also  transported to the hospital  where he was treated and released. Cesa was held on $5000 cash/surety bond which has not been posted., ATTENTION VALLEYVIEW RESIDENTS: There is a planned power outage on Valleyview tomorrow, Tuesday September 15, for repairs. Plan on the outage to take place starting at 9:30am and lasting until 2:30pm., Phone lines are now working (1206hrs)
09/14/15 (1116hrs) Be advised our non-emergency phone lines are down at this time (951-1400) - 9-1-1 for emergencies is still working. For all non-emergency calls use 440-343-1592 to reach the department until the problem is resolved., 09/11/15 we’d like to sincerely thank all of you who have taken the time out of your busy day to stop in to the station with words of thanks and support.  Also we are thankful to all you who have sent in food, goodies, cards and pictures. It’s a great feeling for all of us to have members of the community show their support - it is well received and appreciated., Write something..., 09/08/15 these are our sentiments exactly - this is an example of Ptl. Warren Clayton just being Warren: 
A resident emailed: This afternoon, as I was driving down Lakeshore Boulevard, Officer Clayton was directing traffic at the construction site. I was extremely impressed that, despite the drizzle and the dirt flying in his face from the heavy equipment, he was smiling from ear to ear and being so pleasant. Officer Clayton really makes the city look good because of his professionalism and approachability.  Just wanted the Chief to know that the residents appreciate his officers, in particular Officer Clayton., If you’re free September 19th everyone is welcome to attend this EPAL event sponsored by the Gray Riders. You do not have to participate in the run just stop by for the fun.  The Eastlake PAL Center, 600 East 349th., POLICE DISPATCHER FULL TIME
The City of Eastlake is currently accepting applications for this position of Police Dispatcher.  The candidate must be 21 years old, have a high school diploma or GED, and must be able to pass an extensive background investigation.  Experience is preferred but not required.  Computer experience is necessary.  Applications are available at the Eastlake Police Department located at 35150 Lakeshore Blvd., Eastlake, Ohio.  Applications must be received by Wednesday, September 16, 2015., 09/08/15 turned in to the station this afternoon was a medium size black case – it was left at the carwash on Lakeshore Blvd near McDonalds.   If this belongs to you call or stop by to claim. 440-951-1400, null, 09/06/15 pictures from the 9/11 ceremony held today at Eastlake City Hall, 09/04/15 on the lighter side......have a safe and fun filled holiday weekend! 

Today around lunch our department received a call of a goose that was in distress by Bryant and Stratton College. Officer Adam Clark went to the scene to help and located the goose. After a fierce and long foot chase the goose was finally cornered into the lot of the Radisson and the netting that was trapped around its head was carefully removed. Great job to Officer Clark for his heroic efforts, Please join us at 11 AM on Sunday, September 6 in remembrance of the attacks that occurred on September 11, 2001. There will be a ceremony at the gazebo behind City Hall,35150 Lakeshore Blvd. The gazebo is located within the Boulevard of 500 Flags and next to the 9/11 memorial site., 09/02/15 report of the theft of four black Ranger Soccer banners and flags from the ESA Soccer Fields. The banners are about 3x4, black in color and pictured below. If you have any information or see anything on social media you are being asked to call EPD 440-951-1400. This soccer program has been around for years made up of parents, volunteers and local businesses who generously donate their time and money to keep the program going, let’s get the banners returned., 09/02/15 The Lake County Association of Chiefs of Police presented Officer Lou Formick with a Life Saving Medal this afternoon.  Ptl. Formick on duty the morning of 07/16/15 performed an act in the line of duty that through prompt and alert action resulted in the saving of a life. This action reflects a dedication to duty and is in accordance with the highest principles of law enforcement. Ptl. Formick is a 28 year veteran of this department. Congratulations Lou on a job well done., And so it continues..., https://youtu.be/FfhSV0JZdl8
Inspiring speech from Friday, 8/28/15 in Northeast Ohio:
This speech is from Eastlake North Coach Shawn Dodd. Winning the 1st Game of the Season, 48-45 over Westlake, on a School Record 45yd Field Goal by Chris Justice #90, a Junior Soccer Player who never played Football. QB and Captain, Zane Bunnell #7 had 4 TDs. North's Staff consists of 7 Alumni, Head Coach Shawn Dodd, along with Coaches Brian Springer, Chris "Critter" Spicuzza, Todd Shannon, John Mandato, Jim Caldrone, Jason Bikel & Mike Vara. Other Coaches include Jason Bednar, John Yuha and Cam Carmen who followed Coach Dodd from Gilmour and  Jim DiFrancesco, Pat Kwiatkowski, Payne & Mike Fellenstein who were at North Previously. Get job to all - and special thanks to Mike Vara for the share., 08/27/15 South Euclid resident 47 year old Clarence Horne was arrested on a felony vandalism warrant from an incident that occurred in October of 2014.  Mr Horne is accused of moving out of his then estranged girlfriend’s Lakeside Vista apartment damaging the apartment to the tune of $5775.00. There was black paint all over the carpet and walls in all of the rooms as well as the carpet being cut up in the living room area. There was also gouge marks on the walls of the apartment and black paint on the appliances. He was held on $5000 cash/surety bond and transported to the Lake County Jail to be housed., 08/27/15 1909hrs The Eastlake Fire Department was dispatched to 961 Bertha Court for a reported structure fire at 1909 hours.  First units on scene found heavy smoke coming off the roof at 1911 hours.  The Willowick and Willoughby Fire Departments were dispatched automatic aid and assisted with fire operations.  There was one person in the house at the time of the fire and had self-evacuated prior to the fire department arrival.  The fire was called under control at 1935 hours.  There were no civilian or firefighter injuries as a result of the fire., October is Domestic Violence Awareness month, the United Way of Lake County is planning an event to promote awareness, “A Voice for the Voiceless; An Evening with Michelle Knight.”  The event is being held October 22 at LaMalfa located in Mentor from 5:30 – 8:30pm.  Any questions can be referred to the United Way at uwlc.org, null, Please take a minute to vote and support your North High Rangers football team, 08/24/15 2115hrs officers were dispatched to the area of SR 91 and Stevens for a possible impaired driver. Upon arrival the vehicle was observed turning W/B Stevens from SR 91. A traffic stop was initiated by Willowick Dr. Approaching the vehicle and after being asked, the obviously intoxicated 58 year old male, a resident of Richmond Hts, stated he was going home.  He was told he was going the wrong way if he lived in Richmond Hts but the driver disagreed with officers.  When asked where he thought he was and the driver immediately stated he was in Mayfield.  When the driver was shown the officer's Eastlake patch on his uniform the driver inquired why the officer was in Mayfield. He was assured that he was indeed in Eastlake. After failing field sobriety testing the driver driver was taken into custody for suspicion of OVI and held on court set bond. Score .184, The News Herald (Willoughby, OH) 
Man charged with credit card misuse 
Eastlake police arrested a Willoughby Hills man for a fifth-degree felony. Michael P. Murphy, 45, of 2745 Rockefeller Road, was charged with misuse of credit cards. Willoughby Municipal Court Judge Harry Field set a bond for $5,000 with a 10 percent cash option, which was not posted. The preliminary hearing is set for Sep. 1. If convicted, he faces up to one year behind bars., 08/24/15 0433hrs a 23 year old Wickliffe resident, Patrick Moody was charged with felony possession of heroin during an early morning theft at Walmart. Moody is accused of stealing $821.50 worth of merchandise – he was “shopping” from a handwritten list and many of items from the list matched what was in his cart and on his person.  His bond was set at $5000 which has not been posted., 08/22/15 0549hrs three male juvenile’s, ages ranging from 13-15, were arrested and charged with theft from vehicles, trespassing in vehicles and curfew.  One other juvenile with them was charged with curfew. During the night long spree the males entered several unlocked vehicles in the Surfside area and the Tamarac Apartments in Willoughby. Some of the property found on the juveniles was able to be returned to the rightful owners including an iPad and a couple of Garmins. We still are holding five lighters, change purse with change, a box with change, ring, watch, earbuds, gum, and an iPhone. These items are believed to have been stolen from the Surfside, possibly Lakehurst/ Bayshore areas and Tamarac and have not yet been reported., 08/21/15 1628hrs featured shoplifter: this unknown white male suspect is accused of brazenly walking out of Walmart with a large TV with the shipping packaging still attached.  The suspect was described as 5'11", 180lbs, and tattoos on both arms and legs. He has brown hair and was last seen wearing a white and orange shirt, blue shorts and white socks., 08/20/15 EPD is investigating an early morning theft of a trailer containing landscaping equipment from a company located in the 36000 block of Lakeland Blvd.  Shown on the video is the suspect vehicle, a newer, black Dodge Ram pickup, with an extended cab. It backed up to the trailer which was parked, backed in, at the south end of the lot.  The Dodge has no front plate.  Two males were observed exiting the Dodge.  The passenger has a thin build and wore a hoodie.  The white male driver has a medium build and is possibly bald or has a close cut hair.  They hooked up the trailer and left with it in less than five minutes.  The trailer is a white enclosed 2012 Haulette with a man door on the right side.  On the front the outline of "storage in motion" can be seen., With school now in please be very careful while you are driving in your neighborhood. Also remember that if you are on a 4 Lane Rd. you do not need to stop for a bus that is loading or unloading UNLESS you are both going in the same direction., 08/18/15 two juvenile males, ages 15 and 16, were arrested on felony strong-arm robbery charges last night from an incident that occurred 08/09/15 at 2104hrs at the JFK Senior Center located on E 332nd.  The two males allegedly invited another acquaintance, a 15 year old male to their location where they offered to sell him drugs.  When that male refused to buy the counterfeit substance (acid) the two boys began to assault him eventually tackling him taking his wallet, cell phone and bicycle.  The victim ran to a nearby home where he was able to call for help. Paperwork was completed for the arrestees and they were released to their parents awaiting a court hearing at Juvenile Court., 08/17/15 This bag and oxygen tank was left at Walmart about a month ago and because of the work of going through the surveillance video it was able to be recovered and
returned to the owner. Kudos to Walmart loss prevention., 08/17/15 1810hrs a solicitor complaint was made in the 1400 block of E 332nd.  On arrival in area a male fitting the description was asked for his name and if he had a permit for selling the candy bars for the organization out of Cleveland - against gangs.  The male verbally gave a false name, different from the name printed on the lanyard displayed around his neck.  Upon running his name through the computer for wants / warrants the male had a felony warrant for a weapons violation out of the Cuyahoga Sheriff’s Office. When being placed under the arrest the male fled on foot with an officer in foot pursuit. The 22 year old male was taken into custody by "Marc Mercury Christian" on Pendley Rd in Willowick charged with resisting arrest, falsification, both misdemeanors and the felony warrant., A motorcycle run on September 19 will benefit The Eastlake Police Activities League this year.  This program gives any students in the Willoughby-Eastlake school district a safe place to meet with friends while learning leadership skills., 08/17/15 Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine today warned consumers to be aware of contractors who come to their doors unexpectedly and offer tree-trimming services.
Consumer complaints often follow a typical pattern. A tree trimmer comes to the consumer's door while passing through the neighborhood. He offers a competitive price for his services, takes payment in cash or check, and then cuts down a few trees in the consumer's yard, leaving the stumps in the ground and the limbs strewn on the lawn. Then the tree trimmer leaves, promising to return to complete the job once he secures additional equipment or once the weather improves. Despite these promises, the tree trimmer never returns to finish the work. Under Ohio's Home Solicitation Sales Act, consumers generally have three
business days to cancel most contracts that result from a door-to-door sale. Sellers are required to notify consumers about this right and generally they cannot start any services until after the three-day cooling-off period ends.
Signs of a scam include a tree trimmer who:
  *   Comes to the door unexpectedly.
  *   Claims trees are damaged, diseased, or dangerous.
  *   Uses a handwritten, incomplete contract.
  *   Fails to notify consumers of their cancellation rights.
  *   Requires a large down payment.
  *   Accepts only cash or check.
  *   Drives an unmarked vehicle.
  *   Starts work immediately.
  *   Performs incomplete or shoddy work., At the request of our friends at the Senior Center:, Cory Cooper, 21 of E Cleveland turned himself into the US Marshals early this morning In Euclid. Cooper is accused of committing three bank robberies in three cities - Eastlake, Mentor and Bay Village. He is currently being held at the Eastlake City jail on $100,000 cash bond., 08/12/15 0246hrs on patrol, an officer had a vehicle pass him on Lakeshore at Erie Rd traveling approximately 52 MPH. The officer turned around activating overhead lights and attempted to catch up to the vehicle which was accelerating away from the cruiser and not stopping. The siren was activated and the vehicle continued to accelerate away. The vehicle turned onto Hillcrest from Lakeshore. When making the turn, the vehicle nearly lost control, and was travelling left of center as it made the turn. The vehicle continued down by Campus, was still accelerating and pulling away from the cruiser and could be seen swerving through the shallow s-curve near Salient and Parkway. Once the officer caught up to the vehicle on Hillcrest he found the car crashed in the yard at the intersection of Hillcrest and St Lawrence. The driver struck a parked car in the driveway on St Lawrence pushing it into the garage door and then foundation of the house. It then bounced off the car, striking a tree and some landscaping, before coming to rest in the yard next door. The vehicle he struck was heavily damaged, most likely totaled, the garage door had several panels dented and bent in, and the foundation of the house appeared to have suffered significant damage as well. The driver, 25 year old Jonathan Svigel was taken into custody charged with felony fleeing and eluding, DUI, several traffic offences and misdemeanor drug offenses. He refused to submit to a breath test., null, 08/11/15 Robert Ryan age 29, shown below on a video still photo, was identified through your FB tips and taken into custody. Mr. Ryan was arraigned on felony charges for theft of a credit card, possession of heroin and misdemeanor charges of misuse of a credit card and drug abuse instruments. A passenger in the vehicle Ryan was operating, 32 year old Michael Brooks, was also charged with a felony charge for possession of heroin and a misdemeanor charge of drug abuse instruments. Both males were transported to the Lake County Jail until their next court appearance – they were unable to post their court set bond., null, 08/12/15 first off - thanks to your help both men in the pictures have been identified and appropriate charges filed - details to follow after arraignments. That being said, this email is to address some disparaging remarks and unfair comments in regards to
the employees at Walmart. First of all and all of our dealings with loss prevention they have been totally professional and have always gone above and beyond. 
Recently, store surveillance helped close two cases only because of their assistance and evidence. A stolen credit card can be used anywhere and criminal damage to vehicles can also be a random act. 
 If this would've happened in many places within the city it would've been tougher to apprehend a suspect and satisfy a victim. Their video evidence was what we needed to help identify a perpetrator and charge both individuals. 
 They have helped us with many other cases and their quick response has been invaluable.  They have also been a major partner with charity efforts for the city including safety town and the community Christmas program. 
 Everyone is entitled to their own opinion and to shop where they want to. We would just request that disparaging remarks are not put on our Facebook page.
We are thankful to have many hard workers at the store assisting us whenever they are called upon.   
Enjoy our page but please use civility and respect when posting. Thank you for your interest, your assistance and your ideas. 
Chief Larry Reik, 08/10/15 caught on camera - the black male walking with the white woman is responsible for intentionally causing damage to a vehicle parking in the parking lot at Walmart. (identified with warrants being sought due to his cooperation) The single white male photo is believed to be responsible for stealing a woman's purse and making several charges on credit cards throughout the city. This white male has full sleeve tattoos on his arms and one tattoo on his leg near his knee. He was seen entering the passenger side of a  maroon Chevy or Ford older pick up truck with ladder racks and ladder attached to the back., 08/07/15 1632hrs officers responded to a call of an erratic driver traveling W/B on Lakeshore at Erie Rd.  As an officer approached the area he heard and observed a black pick up squealing tires turning left on SR 91 south from Lakeshore. The truck lost control and crashed into the bike path fence across from the fire department.  The operator, a 26 year old male from Seven Hills, exited the vehicle from the driver’s side window running from the officer along the bike path.  He climbed the fence at Agape Church and continued running W/B.  Three males from the skate park intervened stopping and holding the male down until officers reached them and handcuffed the obviously intoxicated male. The passenger in the truck had to be extracted by the fire department and was later air lifted to Metro with chest injuries. Through interviewing witnesses it was determined there was a victim vehicle sideswiped in the intersection of Lakeshore and SR 91 which is the city of Timberlake.  Our investigation was turned over to Timberlake along with driver of the truck., null, THE FEMALE HAS BEEN IDENTIFIED
08/05/15 We are looking to identify the female in this photo for an alleged theft from an employee who was working at a retail store. Contact Ptl Cronin at VCronin@eastlakepd.org or private message this page if you can help., astolfi@sanduskyregister.com
A 49-year-old Cleveland-area man was arrested at Kalahari Resorts Sunday evening for allegedly running over his teenage fiancee in the parking lot. 
Somnuek Nuanmanee, 49, of Eastlake, was charged with felonious assault and domestic violence.
Erie County deputies were called to Kalahari at 4:40 p.m. after receiving a report of a couple arguing in the parking lot, according to a deputy's report.
But when officials arrived, they soon learned a 19-year-old woman Nuanmanee identified as his live-in fiancee had been run over by a vehicle. The woman had scrapes on the left side of her face, as well as scrapes on both of her legs. She said Nuanmanee was operating her Nissan SUV when he allegedly struck her with the SUV's front end, the report said.
“The impact (caused) her to fall, and her lower half was run over by the vehicle's tires,” the report stated.
Deputies later found a piece of red fabric caught in the metal on the underside of the SUV, which matched the fabric of the woman's shirt. They also noted fresh finger marks running along the bottoms of the passenger-side doors, the report said.
Nuanmanee, however, denied driving the vehicle altogether.
Deputies learned that Nuanmanee and the teen had been ousted from resort after Nuanmanee tried to fight another group of guests inside the water park.
A Kalahari security guard then escorted the pair outside to their SUV, where they began to argue.
At one point, the woman kicked Nuanmanee out of the vehicle near the valet parking area and drove off. Deputies said Nuanmanee later got back into the SUV, and the pair continued arguing farther out in the parking lot. Officials believe it was there that he allegedly struck the woman with the vehicle, according to Erie County Chief Deputy Jared Oliver.
As deputies were taking Nuanmanee to jail, he became “extremely agitated,” the report said, and slammed his head against the cruiser's interior.
The suspect appeared to be intoxicated, and was found to have a lengthy criminal record, including multiple counts of domestic violence and assault, deputies said.
“Nuanmanee talked the entire way to the jail, and claimed multiple times (the alleged victim) would drop this and he would be out in an hour,' the report stated.
The woman, meanwhile, was taken to Firelands Regional Medical Center for treatment, where she indeed tried to change her story.
The woman later claimed a group of black men were the ones who struck her with a vehicle, and identified them as the same group with whom Nuanmanee had argued in the water park. But a security officer later told deputies no group of men had followed the pair outside, and the group involved in the water park dispute were all white.
Nuanmanee was held at the Erie County jail, and remained behind bars without bond as of Friday afternoon., On 07/30/15 EPD was invited to participate in the Eastlake Public Library's children's craft and story hour. Representing our department was volunteer Ptl. Korun. A good time was had by all!, OWNER LOCATED
07/31/15 found keys - this key lanyard was turned In this afternoon found at the corner of Erie and Garrets Cove - stop in to claim, On Thursday July 30th at 13:50hrs. we had a black male enter the Citizens
Federal bank branch in our fair city and conduct a robbery. While there
was no weapon observed, the suspect did leave a note that stated he had a
gun and requested two envelopes filled with cash from the teller drawer.
The suspect was approximately 6 ft 5 in. tall,wearing a red "Joe Montana"
football jersey, and a black baseball cap with some type of logo. He also
had tattoos on his neck and hands, according to the bank teller. The male
left on foot running towards some nearby apartment complexes, where he may 
have had a vehicle parked.

If anyone recognizes him from the attached photos, please let us know., 07/26/15 1729hrs a vehicle W/B SR 2 between Vine St and the Vine St Freeway ramps swerved from the middle freeway lane to the left lane and lost control striking the median wall.  The vehicle, operated by a 49 year Brecksville woman continued W/B a short distance off the wall before swerving back  into the wall  into the wall a second time. The double impact damaged the entire driver’s side of the vehicle and caused the side curtain airbags to deploy.  The operator continued W/B for approximately .2 miles before stopping,  When asked if she had consumed any alcoholic beverages she replied one vodka and cranberry.  Score 0.309, 07/25/15 1626hrs report of an erratic driver headed E/B on Lakeshore.  The driver was located still on Lakeshore, obviously swerving - driving from left of center to driving on the bike path,  When asked the 54 year old male claimed to have only consumed two beers around 1300hrs.  He was taken into custody for suspected OVI.  Score .321, 07/25/15 1253hrs a motorist failed to yield to the right away of a bicyclist at the intersection of Lakeshore and St Lawrence Blvd.  The 64 year old driver  exited his vehicle, claimed he did not have a cell phone and left the scene telling the 42 year old bicyclist he was going to send some help for the injured Willoughby male, never to return to the scene.  Neighbors quickly came to the aide who was  was transported to the hospital with non-life threating injuries. The motorist out of Euclid was later located by Painesville PD and stopped. The driver was cited for duty to yield., 07/23/15 1752hrs burglary report taken at Vine East apartments that most likely occurred between 1:00pm and 4:00pm in  the afternoon.  Property reported taken was an X-box 360 and three prescription heart medications. Under investigation., Firefighter / Paramedic
About the Job
FIREFIGHTER/PARAMEDIC
Eastlake Fire Department • Eastlake Civil Service Commission
The City of Eastlake’s Civil Service Commission is accepting applications to establish an eligibility list for the position of Full Time Firefighter/Paramedic. Applications are available and should be returned to the Eastlake Police Department, 35150 Lakeshore Blvd., Eastlake, Ohio. Candidates must be a U.S. Citizen 20 to 35 years of age to participate in the exam, and at least 21 years of age for appointment. Must have a valid State of Ohio driver’s license. Must have a high school diploma or GED. MUST ALSO HOLD CURRENT STATE OF OHIO PARAMEDIC CERTIFICATE AND STATE OF OHIO FIREFIGHTER II CERTIFICATE. Exam fee of $25.00, non-refundable, due upon submitting a completed application. Limited to first 100 applications received by August 7, 2015. Test date is August 15, 2015 at 9:00 a.m. at the Taft Center, JFK Senior Center 1580 East 332nd Street (south off Vine Street), Eastlake, OH.
We are an equal opportunity employer who welcomes diversity in the workplace.
City of Eastlake • Civil Service Commission, - 07/23/15 The Corvette Club will be caravanning this evening from Forest Dr to Eastlake City Hall at approximately 5pm – there may be traffic delays on Lakeshore for a short period of time
- On Sunday 07/26//15 “Bikers for Bella” will gather at Lakeshore and Erie (Lucio’s) at 10:30 then caravan to Vine St (Two Buck’s) at noon. This is an organization to raise money for Make a Wish Foundation and for Bella, a three year old who is terminally ill. Expect traffic delays during that time.
- Also on Sunday 07/26/15 “Bikers for Backpacks NE Ohio” is holding the first annual run to raise funds and collect supplies for the NE Ohio Division of the Salvation Army Back to School Bash. The run will begin on Mill St in Painesville at 10am making a stops in Madison and Mentor before traveling to the 500 Blvd of Flags. Expect traffic delays on SR 91 and Lakeshore during that time as they are escorted to the American Legion Post in Willowick. This run is sponsored by the US Veterans MC Ohio East and Iron Disciples MM., 07/17/15 1913hrs a resident on E 340th called with a criminal damaging complaint.  According to the caller she and a friend (both in their 40’s) were riding bicycles and rode through an empty lot on E 340th. The woman got into a confrontation with a male (in his 30’s) who was also in the lot and continued on their way. The male, seeing where the woman lived, got into his car, drove to the home and proceeded to drive thru their front yard leaving multiple fresh tire tracks as the females watched from the front porch. This act, according to the male, was in retaliation for one of the females riding a dirt bike through the yard and waving at him with only one finger in front of his children.  The male agreed to repair the damage – no charges filed., null, 07/17/15 0029hrs a resident reported she woke up to find her 2015 Chevy missing along with credit cards and her wallet – a family member was suspected. Later in the morning after receiving a tip, officers located the vehicle at Woodland Park occupied by 26 year old Michael Wiener. Wiener was taken into custody without incident charged with felony theft of credit cards and misdemeanor charges of unauthorized use and driving under suspension.  The vehicle owner was transported to retrieve the vehicle which now sported a dented hood and broken rear window apparently from having had bricks thrown at it. The credit cards and wallet were not recovered., 07/17/15 0236hrs a motorcycle was involved in an early morning crash in the 34600 block of Iris Ln.  The operator of the motorcycle, 35 year old Emmanuel Spyridakis, failed to negotiate a slight curve on Iris losing control and leaving the roadway.  His passenger, a 32 year old female was ejected from the bike upon impact landing a short distance away.  The male left the scene of the accident carrying the female and was soon located at a nearby home.  The female, who was unresponsive, was taken to Lake West Hospital then air lifted to Metro with serious head injuries.  Spyridakis was taken into custody charged with a felony aggravated vehicular assault, and misdemeanors OVI, refusing a breath test, leaving the scene of an accident and failure to control.  He was released on court set bond after arraignment., null, 07/16/15 if you are planning on driving out the Painesville way:
Roads in Painesville are closed for the Party in the Park Event.
Roads will be closed through Mon­day evening - Main Street has closed from St. Clair to Park Place. So has both North Park Place and South Park Place., 07/15/15 Marcus Schmidt 26 out of Wickliffe, was arrested on a felony probable cause warrant for possession of heroin. During a search warrant that was executed in January of this year for a drug trafficking investigation, Schmidt was located in the apartment on Vine possessing the drug and drug equipment.  A 24 year old male was taken into custody at that time for possessing drugs (pills) and a juvenile was taken into custody for felony charges of trafficking marijuana and criminal tools. A crack pipe, syringes, various other paraphernalia and a handgun were also confiscated during that search in January., 07/15/15 Robert Fisher a 50 year old from Painesville was charged with felony misuse of a credit card.  According to the complainant while she was incarcerated Fisher illegally obtained her Public assistance debit card withdrawing cash and making charges totaling over $700.  Fisher is being held at the Lake County Jail pending court appearance unable to post the $3500 court set bond., 7/11/15 These are before and after pictures of another great job completed by our juvenile diversion program. This program is for first time offenders in lieu of the court process. Once completed they are left without an arrest record. Great job to the kids under the supervision of Officer Goffos. Thanks to DeMilta's for donating a portion of the materials used., 07/07/15 2121hrs a 54 year old Painesville man was hospitalized and is facing OVI charges after a one vehicle accident on SR 2 E/B last evening. The male, operating a Kia, cut to the left crossing the middle and left lane.  The Kia continued off the left side of the roadway striking the median wall and continued on a side slip down the wall E/B until coming to a final rest. A passerby stopped to aid the driver who was reportedly unconscious at initial contact.  The driver was later transported to Lake West for treatment., 07/08/15 the emergency sirens in Lake County will be tested today at 11am - this is only a test, 07/04/15 Christopher Haas, 22, formerly from Eastlake was arrested charged with animal cruelty and dog at large, both misdemeanors.  Haas allegedly moved out of a home on Quentin Rd abandoning his dog, an American boxer mix, in a locked room of the vacant house.  After several days according to a witness, the dog knocked the window air conditioner out and escaped out  a window.  With the help of the neighbors an officer was able to catch the dog and bring him to the animal shelter who in turn contacted the Humane Society.  The dog although thin was seemingly good condition., 07/01/15 Richard Woessner Jr, age 44 of Eastlake was arrested on felony theft charges. Woessner is accused of stealing a 24ft Pontoon boat along with a Karavan trailer then pawning the items. The boat and trailer were retrieved by the owner before they were sold. Woessner was held on $50,000 cash bond and is currently being housed at the Lake County Jail., 07/06/15 sometime over the holiday weekend several trucks and a trailer were broken into on Lakeland Blvd. Thousands of dollars of tools and landscaping equipment were taken., 07/04/15 criminal damage report taken in the 33000 block of Willowick Dr.  A party goer in the area had the driver side and passenger side windows broken out of his vehicle.  There is also what appears to be a bullet hole in the passenger side door.  Investigation continuing upon retrieving the projectile from the door panel., 07/04/15 a Good Samaritan turned in loose cash he discovered near the intersection of Beachpark and E 347th.  If you are missing a moderate sum of money, call to identify to claim.  If the owner is not identified the money, after a mandatory waiting period,  will be returned to the “finder.”, RETURNED TO HIS FAMILY, 07/04/15 criminal damage report taken at Dollar Bank on Vine St.  The drive up ATM machine was knocked off its mounts and not working.  There were also footprints on top of the glass. Invest continuing., 7/4/15 full house at the stadium- thank you to all the promoters who provided all the activities for all the families., Enjoy a safe and fun filled holiday!, Patriotic residents on Lakehurst lined their street with American flags. Beautiful!, The main phone lines for the police department are back up and working., Please be advised that our main phone lines are down at this time. Our 911 system is operational and working.  Please call 440-343-1592 if your are in need of any assistance from the Eastlake Police Department., Fourth of July itinerary
7:00 gates open
7:30 Wheel, Kids zone and launch a ball
8:00 Build a Burger
8:15 Dizzy bat race
8:20 Classic Chevrolet HR derby involving fans 
8:30 Wheel, Kids zone and launch a ball
8:40 Balloon blowout
8:50 Sponge splash
9:00 Wheel, Kids zone and launch a ball
9:20 Bubble ball joust
9:30 Crowd sing a long
9:34 Launch a ball
9:55 fireworks, http://fox8.com/2015/07/02/officials-say-malfunction-caused-tornado-sirens-to-sound-in-lake-county/, 08:35  There was a malfunction in the Lake County Emergency Alert System warning sirens this morning. The sirens sounded county-wide for approximately five minutes. There are no emergencies or inclement weather in the area. The Lake and Ashtabula County EMAs are notifying the media of the malfunction., Starting after the 4th of July the speed trailer will again be placed on city streets for the summer session. If you have an area you would like to see the trailer, please private message this page with that area being as specific as possible.  Your past requests were filled (where possible). We had a great response and suggestions from the residents during the spring we thank you., 06/29/15 thanks to your calls and messages the 25 year old male from Painesville Twp was arrested on the public indecency charges stemming from the incident posted below., This is another look from the below incident of the male we are currently seeking., 06/28/14 we are seeking the identity of this male described as white, blonde hair around 5'6" to 5'8" with a medium build in connection to an alleged public indecency that occurred on 06/27/15 at 0340am. If anyone has any information you are encouraged to private message this page or call EPD at 440-951-1400., Kind of sums up the crazy weekend...(BTW the bracelets were a joke), 2:46 PM For any resident within the city that needs a place to go during the current first round of reverse 911 calls, the Eastlake PAL (Police Athletic League) Community Center is open. The calls have been placed to advise residents that heavy rainfall is causing the river to rise and could lead to a potential flooding situation, particularly in the Harbor area. EFD, EPD, and City Officials are continuing to monitor the situation. Evacuations are voluntary at this time., 2:25 PM Eastlake City Officials began the first round of reverse 911 calls to notify residents that due to extremely heavy rains today, VOLUNTARY EVACUATIONS may be necessary for those residents in areas prone to flooding. The river is at 8 feet, and City Officials, along with EFD and EPD supervisors continue to monitor the situation., Update - the power has been restored in this city, 06/25/14 0839hrs there is currently a widespread power outage throughout the city.  Most affected areas are SR 91 through Vine, Stevens, Beachpark, areas in surfside and all around North High School.  We do not know the cause of the outage.  The Illuminating Company has been notified and hope to restore service by 11am.  Please treat intersections as 4 way stops., 06/23/15 Chief Reik, Ptl. Roberts and Plt. Korun participated in the law enforcement torch run for Special Olympics along with members of Wickliffe PD and the Lake County Prosecutors office. The event took place in Wickliffe on Euclid Ave., 06/22/15 2357hrs a hit-skip occurred on SR 91 at the Stevens Blvd intersection.  The victim vehicle, a Mitsubishi, was stopped at a red light when a silver Lexus struck it from behind pushing it into the intersection.  The driver of the Lexus asked the victim not to call the police.  When the driver of the Mitsubishi returned to the vehicle to retrieve a driver’s license the male fled the scene W/B on Stevens.  The operator of the Lexus is described as a white male, late 40’s, Italian looking with dark hair.  The damage to the Lexus should be moderate and should be from the front license plate to the right front corner., 06/23/15 0937am all of our phone lines are back up now, 06/23/15 Storm damage, ****SR 2 has been re-opened in both directions, 06/23/15 there are trees on homes on Sunset, Riverdale, Portage, Wrenwood, Forest and every home on Galalina except two had trees fall into their homes., null, 06/23/15 our non-emergency phone lines are currently down we do not have an estimated time for restoration however our emergency lines 9-1-1 are still operational.  The left lanes of SR 2 are flooded over in both the E/B and W/B directions.  Surfside is without power as is the Harbor area.  These two areas have a lot of wires and trees down. You can contact First Energy either on line typing in your billing phone number to report a problem or by calling 1-888-544-4877 for hazardous situations or 1-800-589-3101 for lines down., 06/19/15 Safety Town had 70 graduates!  The students were given a medal, certificate of completion and a treat bag. The now knowledgeable kids performed a short demonstration for their parents and family members, sang 2 songs and took a turns on the motorcycles donning bike helmets and practiced crossing the streets. All of the teen aides were awarded community service hours for their participation and lunch from Chick- Fil- A.
We had so many generous sponsors and volunteers come together this year to make Safety Town a great success.  Thanks to all of you and a special thanks to our sponsors: Mr. Hammon for letting use the gym and facilities at TJ Elementary.  The Help from Surfside Towers during set up and break down of the town. Our Victim Advocates Christine Gibaldi and Michelle Meeker and Dispatcher Brzeski spent time with all of  the kids during the class and helped coordinate the teen aides while they
instructed the class. Captain Klein, Special Goffos and Special
Harmania from the Diversion program also involved some of the kids going through our diversion program  with cleanup of the grounds. Many donated for the graduates goodie bags: YMCA and Jakse Pool, Chick-Fil-A, Willoughby Karate, Willoughby Elks Lodge, Dairy Queen and many more.  Many building and vehicle sponsors donated funds to keep safety town going: Eagle Protective Services, Gould Electric, TJ PTO, Transportation Outlet, Patrician Party Center, Gold Star Pawn and Gun, Training Services International, Tom Schaefer Plumbing Inc., Captains Charities Inc., Demilta Sand & Gravel, Attorney Michael Murray, Michael Rydzinski, H&M Concrete & Sewer Co., and Academy Metals!!! Thank you all so much for sending your child to Safety Town We all had such a fun time spending all week together.
Have a Great summer and stay Safe!!   Sherry Brzeski, 06/15 – 06/18/2015 We had a fantastic week with 70 students and 12 teen-aide volunteers attending the Safety Town  program. 
-Monday was playground and bicycle safety, learning the correct way to put on bike helmets. 
-Tuesday Peterman busing with Bus Driver Lori taught school bus and bus stop safety 
-Train conductor Kurt talked about railroad safety.  
-Wednesday Fire Chief Whittington with Fire truck 1773 explained what to do in case of a fire or medical emergency. Ranger Zach Petric from the Lake Metroparks
talked to the kids about water safety and wild animals at the park or in their own backyard.  
-Thursday Officer Clayton and Dispatcher Brzeski from EPD talked about stranger danger, poisons, gun safety and when to call 911 in case of emergency.
Thank you so much to everyone that participated and donated., 06/17/15 report taken in the 100 block of Plymouth person(s) unknown entered a foreclosed, bank owned house and removed the hot water tank and copper.  We encourage residents to call EPD if you notice people or activities that are not the “norm” in your area to assist us with crime prevention., 06/17/15 arrest – in the early morning hours of May 31an invited guest of a resident on River Dr. is accused of stealing various items from different locations in the home while other guests and the homeowner were sleeping.  Missing items included a reading tablet, cell phone, a diamond engagement ring, a credit card and cash.  The total loss is estimated to be $7,000.  On 06/17/15 EPD with the assistance of Willowick PD located and arrested19 year old Dustin Dowen, who was located hiding in a closet on E 328th.  Dowen was charged with 4 felony charges and two misdemeanor charges stemming from the thefts.  In addition he had another misdemeanor warrant for contempt of court through Willoughby muni Court.  He is being held on $5000 cash or surety bond with an additional $3500/10% for the contempt charge., 06/16/15 we welcomed visitors in from Baden-Württemberg, Germany. Pictured with Ptl. Steve Tryon is Marcus Wirth – a polizei officer in Germany and Martin Stetter.  The three exchanged stories, technologies and differences in policing between the countries., 06/15/15 1200hrs a trailer pulling a 45' boat exited Sima Marine W/B on to Lakeshore Blvd but could not quite make it.  The trailer attempted to turn around but due to the crown of the road and the pitch of the trailer it became stuck.  Traffic was re-directed for approximately 1 1/2hrs before a wrecker could lift the trailer and they could be on their way., 06/14/14 for those that participated and the spectators cheering on their family members and friends it was a great morning for the captains 5k charity run., null, null, 06/12/15 Congratulations to our two brand new retirees, Det Chris Bowersock and Ptl Tim Thompson.  We wish you all the happiness in your new adventures in this next step of your lives. Your legacy will shine on in our hearts forever., It has been an honor to serve the residents of the city of Eastlake, and to work with the men and woman of this city. I leave with fond memories and will miss you all. Thank you all for letting me be a part of a truly special family.

                                    Detective (retired) Christopher J Bowersock, If you or someone you know has lost a child, the Body of Christ (38057 Erie Road in Willoughby) is hosting a support group for parents on Wednesday, June 24, 2015 630PM.
Facilitators: A-Pastor Eric Lessia and Jim and Laura McBride
 We will meet to support parents who have suffered the loss of a child, our speakers will be Rae Grady, Prevention and Education Specialist with Lake County ADAMHS Board, and Bev Wrobel who facilitates the Lake County suicide loss group for the ADAMHS Board.  This gathering is designed to support any person who has lost a child (including infants) under any circumstances.  
Refreshments and snacks: Courtesy of Jane Monreal, Monreal's funeral home on Curtis Blvd in Eastlake
RSVP:  chiefjtm@aol.com or 440.953.9126
 Please help us spread the word and RELAY this information and/or join us if you can.  If you can't make it, prayers of support would be appreciated., 06/11/15 Mosquito warning Lake County:
Lake County General Health District officials are expecting an extreme increase in the amount of mosquitoes in Lake County. Recent heavy rains in Lake County have left large areas of standing water, which is where mosquitoes lay their eggs. “The best advice is to get rid of standing water around your house if you can and use personal protection,” noted Terry Kent, Supervisor of Mosquito Control at Lake County General Health District. 
Kent provided the following tips for homeowners to keep mosquitoes from breeding in your backyard: 
• Dispose of tin cans, old tires, buckets, unused plastic swimming pools, plastic covers or other containers that collect and hold water. 
• Keep roof gutters unclogged. Clean gutters in the spring and fall. 
• Clean and chlorinate swimming pools, outdoor saunas, and hot tubs. Keep them covered when empty. 
• Empty and change the water in bird baths, fountains, wading pools, rain barrels, and potted trays at least once a week, if not more often. 
• Fill or drain puddles, ditches, and swampy areas and either remove, drain, or fill tree holes and stumps with mortar. 
• Eliminate seepage from cisterns, cesspools, and septic tanks. 
• Eliminate standing water around animal watering troughs. 
• Irrigate lawns and gardens carefully to prevent water from standing for several days. 

Lake County General Health District would also like to advise the following to protect yourself from biting mosquitoes: 
• Avoid being outside at dawn/dusk. If you cannot avoid those times, use a repellent. 
• Use an insect repellent containing 10% or less DEET (N, N-diethyl-methyl-meta-tolumide) for children – no more than 30% DEET for adults. Use repellents containing DEET according to label instructions. 
• Do not use DEET insect repellent on infants or pregnant women. 
• Do not allow young children to apply DEET insect repellent themselves. Store out of their reach. 
• Apply DEET insect repellent to your hands and then to a child. Do not apply DEET insect repellent directly to a child. 
• DEET insect repellent is effective for about four hours. Use small amounts over exposed skin and clothing. Do not use DEET insect repellent for a long period of time. 
• Wash treated skin and clothing after returning indoors. 
• Wear light-colored clothing. 
• Wear long sleeved shirts, long pants, and socks if you go outside when mosquitoes are most active (from dusk until dawn). 
• Avoid wearing perfume, cologne and aromatic scents. 
• Make sure window and door screens are “bug tight”. Repair or replace torn screens. 
• Replace outdoor lights with yellow “bug lights”. 

If you have a concern about standing water, please call the Lake County General Health District at (440) 350-2543. If the standing water is on private property, permission will be needed to enter the property. For general information on mosquitoes and mosquito control, please visit the Health District’s website at http://www.lcghd.org/mosquito ., null, null, null, 06/10/15 this little newborn fell off of a small cliff on Dewey Drive. An officer was able to lift the fawn up to place him on a level surface, Penitentiary Glen, Video of the rescue, 06/08/15 at 11 AM we received a call from a motorist who witnessed along with her young child two ducklings crossing State Route 91 Near Curtis Blvd.  They were following the rest
of the gaggle when they fell down a grate into a storm sewer. The caller stood by until the fire department arrived. It was determined that the sewer grate had to be removed to get the ducklings out of sewer. We worked with both the fire and the service department to extract the birds. Big kudos to acting Service director
Kostenick and Medic Federer for all of their assistance. After the rescue the ducklings were transported to Penitentiary Glen where they will be cared for prior to their release into the wild., 06/06/15 0312am officer on patrol noticed a male walking through a parking lot on Vine wearing only a gray hoodie, no pants.  The male who was obviously intoxicated and unable to care for himself, was arrested on disorderly charges and transported to EPD.  At approximately 1030am the 23 year old was released from our jail. Nearly an hour later the male returned to EPD asking for a ride to a business on Vine St in Willoughby.  When the male was told no, he proceeded out the station doors stealing a bicycle from the front of the building belonging to a juvenile who was working diversion hours. (A program for first offender juveniles) An officer observing this ran after the male yelling for him to stop.  When the male looked back at the officer he lost control of the stolen bicycle falling off it onto the pavement.  The male was re- arrested on the theft charge, held on bond which he was unable to post., Longfellow DARE graduation celebration, 06/05/15 2109hrs an officer was dispatched to check on the welfare of an intoxicated elderly male attempting to enter his vehicle to drive away in the parking lot of a bar on Vine St.  The 72 year old male was located by his vehicle along with his bag of marijuana and smoking bowl. He was cited for possession  and offered a ride to his residence in Willowick, which he accepted., June 2015 - saying goodbye to Washington School - pictured is our fifth grade teachers: Mr. Contenza, Mr. May, Mrs. Primiano, Mrs. McCullough, Coach K and our own Ptl. Clayton who has been through this journey with the students and educators over many years., EPD Auction
Saturday, June 20, 2015
Viewing starts at 9 a.m. and auction starts at 10 a.m.
It's a small one this year; 
BALLAST & LIGHTS 
GLUE GUN 
CHANNEL LOCKS 
JVC HEADPHONES 
COIN HOLDERS 
PAINT BALL GUN / PAINT 
HEAT GUN 
MISCELLANEOUS CORDS / TIMERS 
PAINT BALL GUN 
IPHONE 
IPHONE WHITE 
U.S. CURRENCY - BUFF NICKELS 
IPOD 
CIRCULAR SAW 
SAWZALL 
MULTI-TOOL 
NAILGUN 
HACKZALL 
BATTERIES / SAW BLADES 
LITHIUM BATTERY 
GIFT CARDS 
SPOT LIGHT 
HAMMER  
IPOD SPEAKERS 
2015 BICYCLE AUCTION
NO. MAKE MODEL COLOR M/F
1 NEXT STREET CRUISER BLACK M
2 NEXT XX RED  M
3 MONGOOSE TACTIC GREEN / CHROME  
4 N/A N/A BLACK F
5 MONGOOSE N/A RED  M
6 NEXT BUTTERCUP PURPLE / PINK F
7 NEXT POWER CLIMB SILVER / TEAL M
8 HUFFY BURASPORT RED M
9 MONGOOSE BMX SILVER / BLACK M
10 N/A BMX SILVER  
11 GAMES BMX SILVER / BLUE  
12 SCHWIN DEL MAR PURPLE F
13 HUFFY BLACK WIDOW BLACK / RED M
14 NEXT TURBO YELLOW / GREY M
15 MONGOOSE OUTER LIMIT    
16 MAGNA GLACIER POINT    
17 GREAT DIVIDE HARDTAIL    
18 HUFFY N/A ORANGE / SILVER F
19 RALEIGH TARANTULA BLACK / PURPLE  
20 MAGNA 1010 BLUE F
21 HUFFY SOUTHRIDGE RED / GREY F
22 IVERSON GRAND SPORT YELLOW M
23 MONSTER HIGH 8092-02 PURPLE / BLACK / PINK F
24 HUFFY SUPERIA BLUE M
25 EFFECT 4 PEG STUNT BIKE NEON GREEN M
26 HYPER HAVOC FS BLACK M
27 NEXT POWER CLIMBER, 06/05/15 Lake County Dept. of Utilities will be conducting dead-end fire hydrant flushing in Eastlake.  Flushing will begin June 8 through June 19.  Signs will be posted in areas that are to be flushed.  Residents in those areas are warned not to do laundry on days that hydrants are to be flushed.  Discolored water may occur and can be flushed from the cold water tap., 05/28/15 we are looking for information on the owner/operator of the pictured vehicle.  The operator is described as a white male in his late 30's and there was a white female with blonde hair in the passenger seat. The suspect vehicle is a white GMC van with a bug guard. The van does not appear to have a front plate, only some sort of license plate cover.  The operator of this vehicle is wanted for questioning on passing counterfeit bills. If you have any information please contact Sgt Hauser at 440-951-1400 thauser@eastlakepd.org or private message this page., 05/29/15 last graduating class of Washington Elementary School 2015! The fifth graders led the parade of students escorted by Chief Ted Whittington, Chief Larry Reik, Mayor Morley and Ptl. Clayton., 05/27/15 1758hrs 21 year old Richard Minadeo was arrested on felony charges of stealing prescription medication belonging to a hospice patient.  Minadeo claims the pills were stolen for payment on a debt he (Minadeo) owed for a wager on the Cavs gave on Monday night.  Minadeo was arraigned then transported to the Lake County Jail held on a $3500 cash/surety bond., null, The Eastlake Victim Assistance Support Group For Domestic Violence will resume on Monday June 1, 2015. Group will run every Monday (except holidays) 6:30pm-8:00pm at the Eastlake Police Department and is free of charge. You do not have to be an Eastlake resident to attend. For questions or if you would like to attend please call #440-975-4252 or Email
victadv@ameritech.net
In addition to the support group, advocates have office hours available to provide services, referrals, and information to anyone that is in need of domestic violence support that cannot attend the group meetings., 05/23/15 0246hrs officer on patrol on Lakeland turning onto E 361st observed a white SUV traveling N/B from Curtis with its left wheels traveling on the tree lawn and curb area. Once back on the roadway the operator continued to weave in and out of his lanes of travel.  The license plate was covered with an object, later identified as a paper plate. The SUV made a right turn onto Vine then a quick turn onto E 362nd where the vehicle was stopped.  The three occupants in the vehicle appeared to be moving things around inside the vehicle.  They were ordered to stay in the car with their hands on the ceiling.  The male driver, 33 year old Kyran Herring of East Cleveland, refused to comply and exited the vehicle. Once the male was subdued a check of the interior of the vehicle was found to contain crack cocaine and marijuana.  The male was arrested on a total of 13 charges including possession of the crack, OVI, DUS and resisting arrest.  Herring did not submit to a breath test and was too intoxicated to complete the booking process at that time. He was held without bond on felony charges. A female passenger in the vehicle was arrested for obstructing justice and disorderly conduct.  The third passenger also from Cleveland made other arrangements for transportation home., A concerned resident from the 37100 block of Lakeshore called in after finding a newborn fawn attempting to cross Lakeshore Boulevard. They placed the fawn into a tree line near their residence with the mother watching close by. We hope that mother and fawn will be reunited soon., Memorial Day ceremony at the Blvd. of Flags, “Our debt to the heroic men and valiant women in the service of our country can never be repaid. They have earned our undying gratitude. America will never forget their sacrifices.” – President Harry S. Truman, https://www.facebook.com/Chad.Warner68/videos/1629459670940/, 05/20/15 Kellen Corti, a 26 year old Willowick resident, formerly of Eastlake, was arrested on felony burglary charges in this city and two neighboring cities.  Our incident occurred 05/06 at 11:30am in the 34600 block of Iris Ln.  Corti uses the ruse of handing out flyers, ringing doorbells and checking for open/unlocked doors.  It was also discovered Corti has received over $12,000 from a Euclid Pawn Shop since January pawning jewelry and coins.  Any Eastlake resident that may have seen this male in or around your home or in your neighborhood and you feel you may be a victim, contact Det Christian at 440-951-1400 x219., Great job Rangers!, 05/19/15 1345hrsin July of 2013 a report was generated in which Lisa Harmon, a 42 year old Mentor resident, allegedly removed, forged and cashed over $11,000 from an elderly Eastlake resident. Efforts to locate Harmon were unsuccessful at that time and felony warrants were issued for her arrest. On this date Harmon was located  and arrested on the  felony charges of theft and uttering forged checks.  She was held on $5000 cash/surety bond. Harmon also has an outstanding felony warrant through Cuyahoga County Sherriff’s Office., 05/19/15 0213hrs officer on stationary patrol running radar on SR 91 observed a Lincoln run a traffic light on SR 91 to make a left hand turn onto Stevens. As the cruiser pulled out to initiate a traffic stop, the Lincoln accelerated rapidly turning onto E 348th then pulling into a driveway in the 34800 block of Stevens.  The driver fled the scene on foot upon seeing the cruiser.  The passenger in the now rolling vehicle  placed the car into park.  A brief description of the driver was given to other EPD units including a black baseball cap the suspect was wearing. The officer did not see his face.  A search of the area did not locate the male, whom the passenger, we learned later, falsely identified.  Meanwhile, a male was observed walking on the bike path near Glen.  The male, hopped the fence into the mud to speak with the officer, he was identified as an 18 year old out of Willoughby, but not detained at that time.  He said he was walking home from a friend’s home.  Officers responded back to the original area where the suspect had fled from to locate possible evidence. The male that was on 91 was now observed walking on E 347th and now said he was walking to another friend’s home, who coincidently was the passenger’s house of the vehicle that was stopped.  Back on scene,  located in a flowerbed, were fresh footprints and a baseball cap was recovered in between houses in the immediate area.  Again  the  male that had been identified on SR 91 approached officers, now on a bicycle.  He asked if we happened to find a ball cap that was lost by the passenger in the vehicle that belonged to him during the traffic stop.  He went on to describe the details of the cap.  The male was detained and upon completion of evidence collection,  the 18 year old male was taken into custody, transported to EPD charged with fleeing and eluding, obstruction, driving under suspension and other traffic violations.  While in booking, amidst denying being the driver of the vehicle, he called a friend and in the presence of officers in the booking area, tells the story of his woe, including his involvement to the person on the phone.  Later in the day, (around noon) officers were working a special detail at McDonalds (Click it or Ticket it program).  In pulls the same Lincoln with the passenger as the driver, who has no driving privileges.   He too was arrested charged with DUS and the vehicle towed.  The 18 year old is being held at Lake County Jail on $3500 cash/surety., 05/17/15 0035hrs officers responded to the area of 34301 Vine St on a report of a white male laying in the parking lot.  Prior to arriving dispatch advised that the male was up and walking W/B on Vine.  The male was located near E 343St and identified. The 28 year old was asked how much he had to drink to which he replied, “a lot!”   The male was offered a courtesy ride home as long as someone was at the residence - which was a few streets over.  The male identified three different addresses to be his home but was mistaken on all three.  At that point he was cited for disorderly intoxication and housed at EPD until sober., null, 05/15/15 1742hrs a male was confronted by a resident at the Willo Vu apartment complex about speeding through the parking lot while there were children playing in the area. The 48 year old male, who had been drinking, became enraged at the 41 year old female who then according to witness statements, grabbed the female dragging her into his apartment where he began striking her in her facial area.  Upon EPD arrival three women were in the open apartment attempting to restrain the male. The male was arrested charged with assault.  He was put through the booking process then transported to Lake West due to injuries he sustained during the melee., Safety forces day in the center of Great Lakes Mall. Stop by and say hello!, 05/14/15 This banner and patch were dropped off at the police department on behalf of all the area schools with students involved in the criminal justice program. Included was a group of inspirational posters from the students. A big thank you to the program for taking the time out and recognizing National Police Week., 05/12/14 1448hrs a 19 year old Willoughby resident was arrested from the Circle K on Lakeshore for allegedly stealing several $30 scratch off lottery tickets and cashing in the winnings while working.  After arrest processing was complete the male charged with a misdemeanor theft was released on a $3500 unsecured appearance bond., On 5/12/15 the rescue squad and fire car, both with lights and siren activated, exited the drive onto SR 91 S/B. The north/south bound lanes had an active red light and traffic came to a stop.  As an officer was exiting the emergency fire exit to assist the rescue squad with the combative patient (directly behind the squad) a vehicle turned S/B onto SR 91, ran the red light and almost struck the cruiser. Due to the severity of the squad call the officer continued on.  The vehicle then began gaining speed catching up to the cruiser. The vehicle then moved to the berm on the right and began to pass the cruiser.  As the vehicle pulled alongside the cruiser they were traveling at about 60-65 MPH.  The vehicle passed the cruiser and a traffic stop was initiated. The driver was approached and asked why she almost hit the police car in the intersection when the rest of the traffic stopped, and why would she pass a police car with its lights on? The female replied she thought she was going to be late for an appointment.  She was cited for the red light and failure to yield for an emergency vehicle. She was issued her license 4 days ago., 05/12/15 0626hrs during the early morning hours possibly between 0300am and 0600am in the 34000 block of Beachpark someone threw a small silver and black hatchet through the driver side rear window of a vehicle parked in a driveway.   Officers checked the surrounding areas and did not locate any other damage to property., PLEASE JOIN US: Lake Humane Society is hosting an informational presentation on shelter & tethering ordinances regarding companion animals. Our presenters include DanaMarie Pannella of Holland & Muirden, Attorneys at Law and Vicki Deisner of ASPCA. This FREE presentation is open to the public and lunch will be provided to all guests. RSVP to LPike@lakehumane.org. An RSVP is required to attend. https://www.facebook.com/events/1438591629790219, null, Please remember that our Facebook page is not monitored 24/7 and is not the place to report crimes, civil matters, or anything time sensitive. Please call EPD Dispatch at 440-951-1400--if you have a life threatening emergency, please call 9-1-1. Thank you!, SCAM ALERT
05/12/14 Residents have reported receiving telemarketer calls soliciting money for the Eastlake PAL Program.  Eastlake PAL has never and will never utilize telemarketers for this purpose., null, POLICE PATROL OFFICER
 The Eastlake Civil Service Commission is accepting applications to establish an eligibility list for the position of full time Police Patrol Officer. Applications are available, and should be returned to, the Eastlake Police Department, 35150 Lakeshore Blvd., Eastlake, OH. Must be a U.S. citizen 20 years of age to participate in the exam, and at least 21 years of age for appointment. Must have a valid driver's license and high school diploma or GED. Must also hold state OPOTC certificate or be currently enrolled for certification. Exam fee of $25 (cash only), non-refundable, due upon submitting a completed application. Limited to the first 100 valid applications received by midnight, May 25th, 2015. The written test date is Wednesday, May 27th, 2015 at 6:00 P.M., Eastlake Community Center, 600 E. 349th St., Eastlake, OH.
 We are an equal opportunity employer who welcomes diversity in the workplace.
 City of Eastlake Civil Service Commission., null, 05/07/15 Officer Clayton had the honor of taking two students from Washington Elementary, Kenny and Colin, out for lunch.  The boys won a luncheon through a Chinese raffle at their school during a fund raiser. The two students along with Officer Clayton and retired Special Officer Novinc enjoyed a delicious meal at Subway on Lakeshore Blvd then a quick trip back to our station before returning to school. (Ptl. Clayton is not pictured - he was the paparazzi.), 05/06/15 0358hrs EPD responded to several calls of a disturbance in the 1000 block of  E 347th.  On arrival two males were engaged in a fight in the front yard of the home. The front door had been kicked open by 18 year old Otha Montgomery of Willoughby, who according to witnesses made entry and “went after” a male inside the home.  The two males involved are known by this PD and are former acquaintances of each other. Montgomery was arrested on felony burglary charges and misdemeanor assault charges.  He is being held at Lake County Jail on $25,000 cash/surety bond.  Montgomery was out on bond from an arrest made on 05/02/15, also from this residence. At that time he was charged with unlawful restraint - a misdemeanor., 05/04/15 1618hrs a witness reported a hit-skip accident in the area of E 345 and Vine.   The caller stated she witnessed a blue minivan, operated by a female, strike some type of box, and then leave the area in a westbound direction.  Upon arrival to the area, a traffic signal box, which was located on the northeast corner of E 345 and Vine, was struck and moved from the concrete base.  The area was searched for the suspect vehicle but it was unable to be located.   Damage to the suspect van will be on the front, right hand side.  The damage to the traffic box caused the traffic light to malfunction – flashing yellow.  A repair crew was notified to respond to the area., Please take a moment to review and sign this petition.  This officer was the father of an area Police Sergeant., http://www.dtwribburnoff.com/, 05/02/15 1159hrs officers responded to Wanaka Blvd for a report of a resident shooting a squirrel with a bow.  In speaking with the 22 year old female resident, she reported she is a new Eastlake resident coming from a small farm town where killing squirrels is always in season. The female shot the squirrel with a compound bow at close range.  She stated she has been hunting and providing food for her family for years and saw the squirrel as a dinner opportunity. Now that she was made aware of the city ordinances, no hunting in the city and no throwing or shooting missiles, she will no longer shoot her bow in the city.  The report is subject to prosecutorial review., 05/02/15 0153hrs a vehicle traveling north on Stevens Blvd stopped at the stop sign at the intersection of Stevens and Willowick.  As the vehicle, a Honda, continued through the intersection, a Mitsubishi being operated by a 32 year old resident ran the stop sign while traveling west bound on Willowick Dr striking the Honda. The Mitsubishi sustained heavy front end damage and caused heavy passenger side damage to the Honda.  There were no reported injuries.  The driver of the Mitsubishi was given field sobriety tests and later taken into custody for OVI and duty to yield at an intersection.  Score .277, On 042915 at 7:00 pm the police responded with the fire department to a report of a dumpster fire at the rear of Harbor Freight 34600 Vine.  At 8:00 pm we responded with the fire department to the rear of Goodwill 33459 Vine for another dumpster on fire.  It appears that both of these fires were intentionally set and we are following up leads at this time along with the fire investigation unit.  Anyone with additional information is asked to contact the police department at 440 951-1400.  The buildings were not damaged but a substantial risk was created around both structures.  Please keep an eye out in your area., Here are some photos from the one-vehicle accident noted below., Here is a video from a one-vehicle accident that occurred today at East 337th and Lakeland Boulevard. A dump truck struck the  bottom of bridge causing the vehicle to flip over. No injuries were reported. The driver was cited having unsecured cargo., http://m.mic.com/articles/116702/10-images-of-the-baltimore-riots-you-won-t-be-seeing-on-tv, With the warmer weather coming this weekend, it's time to start thinking about purchasing your pool membership for 2015:, null, 04/21/15 today was the annual clean out the property room day.  Once a year property officer’s transport confiscated evidence to an undisclosed area in Cleveland to be destroyed/burned.  This evidence, drugs, paraphernalia and weapons were used in court  but once the case has been adjudicated it is no longer needed.  This year over 1,000 items were taken to be destroyed. The evidence gets loaded on a big "sled" at the location then lifted and dumped in to be incinerated., 04/17/15 our department was made aware of a drug complaint in the 1500 block of E332.  We began an investigation and utilized many different methods to research the complaint.  At the conclusion of the investigation a search and arrest warrant were obtained and executed on Friday 04/17/15 with the help of the Western Lake County Emergency Response Team.  During the execution of the warrants the suspect 27 year old Clyde Dotson was located and arrested.  During the subsequent search our department located suspected heroin and over $6,000 in
currency.  He was arraigned on trafficking in charges and will be taken to Lake county jail., 04/16/15 119hrs while on another unrelated call, officers were advised of a dog that was stranded on an inlet in the river that could not climb back up to shore near Trader Jacks. (Attached is the photo of the area)  John Gruenberg from City Marine and George Holt were instrumental in the rescue. Both of them aided in devising a plan and provided the equipment to get the dog out of its predicament. Mr. Holt personally went down into the mud and water to physically carry the dog up the ladder far enough to bring it to higher ground.   The dog, a medium size pitbull mix, brownish-black with a white spot on its chest, was taken to the Lake County Dog Shelter., 04/15/15 2113hrs callers along the lake shore reported seeing flashing lights on Lake Erie miles from shore.  Explanation: During this time of year, usually the end of April or beginning of May, if clear weather conditions are just perfect you can see multiple TV tower lights, radio tower lights and windmill farm lights situated straight across the lake on the border of Canada., null, 04/15/15 1940hrs a motor (drive) from a boat at a marina valued at $5000 was removed and stolen along with other smaller misc. items from inside the watercraft.  The theft is believed to have occurred between Sunday night and Tuesday morning.  Investigation is continuing., 04/15/15during the overnight hours two residents in the 100 blocks of Courtland and Paxton reported thefts from their yards. An ornamental glass globe valued at $65 was taken from one yard and a 3ft tall concrete statue weighing approximately 350lbs was taken from the other area., null, 04/11/15 0353hrs officers were advised of a vehicle traveling S/B in the N/B lanes of SR 91 approaching Vine St. A witness advised the vehicle that was operating on the wrong side of  91 and was now approaching SR 2 on Vine St. Officers caught up to the vehicle as it  first attempted to enter the W/B exit ramp from SR 2. The operator proceeded E/B on Vine then turned onto the E/B entrance ramp to SR 2. Next the driver drove over the median and onto the SR 2 exit ramp and onto Vine at a high rate of speed.  Once the vehicle was stopped, the driver, a 23 year old Cleveland resident, was arrested on suspicion of OVI and other traffic violations.  He was booked in and held on court set bond.  Score – 0.156, April 12th-18th Is National Telecommunicator’s Week
For the past several years, Public Safety Agencies nationwide have recognized the pivotal role played by dispatchers who utilize telephones, radios, computers and technical skill to provide support to Law Enforcement, Fire Services, Emergency Medical Services and other governmental field personnel.
Each year, the second week of April is dedicated to the men and women who serve as public safety telecommunicators. In 1991, the United States Congress proclaimed it as a nationally recognized week of recognition.
These people represent the “lifeline” of every emergency service worker. They are the unsung heroes of the work done on behalf of our communities every day. Without them our emergency service personnel could not function. In recognition of Eastlake Dispatchers Kevin, Sherry, Lorrie, Amanda, Stephanie and Kenna - thank-you for what you do., 04/09/15 1842hrs numerous calls were received from residents reporting hearing approximately 6 gunshots in the area of Parkland and E 331st/E 332nd area. Units responded but were unable to locate the cause or exact location., Over the past few months we have taken numerous Identity theft reports from residents. Many have had their income tax forms rejected due to someone using their personal information- their name, Social Security number, or other identifying information, to commit this fraud and/or other crimes.  There are measures you can take if this has happened to you or someone you know. To get started you can go to www.tax.ohio.gov for affidavit forms and other pertinent information., 04/08/15 1700hrs officer on routine patrol was at the right place at the right time hearing on scan of a hit-skip that had just occurred in Willoughby at Hardees. The suspect vehicle was reportedly heading into Eastlake on SR2 W/B.  At that time the vehicle fitting the suspect description passed the officer who initiated a traffic stop on SR 2 detaining the occupants until WPD arrived., null, null, 04/04/15 a resident on Glen Dr reported finding tools and other items that did not belong to him abandoned in his yard. The items were gathered and brought back to the station.  During the day several residents from the 900 to 1000 block of E 347th and E 348th area reported their vehicles were entered sometime overnight and items taken.  Some of the property found on Glen belonged to and was returned to a few these residents.  We still have a back pack containing a coat, earbuds, an arm band, two pairs of glasses and a bag of candy that has not been reported as stolen as of yet.  Call to identify and claim., Huge thank you to our friends the firemen next door that cooked meals for employees of EPD working Easter Sunday you guys rock!, 04/04/1504/04/154hrs officer on patrol stopped at a stop sign Courtland Blvd at Lakeshore clocked a vehicle on stationary radar traveling 52MPH in the 35MPH zone.  A traffic stop was initiated on the vehicle and as the officer began walking to the car, it began to roll forward.  Commands were given to the driver to place the car in park and to remove the key from the ignition to which the driver complied.  Speaking with the driver a strong odor of alcohol was noticed coming from the vehicle.  After failing field sobriety testing, 42 year old Michael Bonner of Bedford was arrested on suspicion of OVI a felony offense, driving under an OVI suspension, speed and left of center.  Due the number of prior OVI’s, a prior felony conviction of an OVI and having refused two prior breath tests, after refusing to complete a breath test at EPD Bonner was transported to Lake West ER for a blood drawn to determine his alcohol levels. He was held without bond and after arraignment today he was transported to Lake County Jail awaiting court appearance., 04/02/15 1527hrs these three were among our holiday guests this weekend for the roles they played in attempting to pass bad checks Thursday afternoon at Walmart. While officers were on scene investigating, one officer located an unattended vehicle containing four small children, 1, 2, 4 and 8 years old. It was learned the children belonged to two of the woman that were now in custody, although neither mentioned having children in a car in the parking lot. A family member was called to the scene to pick up the children, but upon running that driver it was discovered he was not a valid driver and more calls had to be made for the children’s care.   Takeysah Bass (in yellow) was charged with felony passing bad checks and child endangerment, Antoinette Powell (in pink and black) was charged with 4 counts of uttering a forged check and complicity to passing bad checks – all felonies and Tierra Dunn (blue)was charged with felony complicity to pass bad checks and child endangerment.  They were held without bond arraignment today., Happy Easter!, 04/02/12 as the weather improves we will be utilizing our smart speed trailer to help remind drivers to obey the speed limit.  We are looking for your input to determine the areas will place the trailer.  Please PRIVATE MESSAGE your suggestions and/or places that you would like to see monitored for traffic. If it is a residential street and you are willing to have the trailer placed in your yard please leave your address as well. The more specific your suggestion, for example estimated times of violators or specific problem cars in your area the better we can address the situation., 04/01/14 ***UPDATE TO HIT SKIP ON STEVENS***in the early morning hrs on this date an officer on patrol located a black Pontiac Trans Am backed in a driveway on E 351st.  The Pontiac had the driver side headlight cover broken with missing parts.  It also had damage to the driver side fender and door.  The damage and missing parts appeared to be a match to the recovered parts from the hit-skip accident scene. The owner of vehicle, a 36 year old male, advised he was the owner of the vehicle, at first denying he was the operator but later stated he was.  He was given citations for leaving the scene of an accident, failure to control and driving under a failure to reinstate suspension. He was released on a $1500 unsecured appearance bond., http://www.news-herald.com/general-news/20150331/man-pleads-guilty-in-eastlake-snowblower-incident, By Staff report, The News-Herald 
Lakeland Community College announced it will be offering college classes at 10 area high schools next year, under Ohio’s new College Credit Plus program.
The deadline for students to declare their intent to participate in College Credit Plus classes next fall is April 1.
College Credit Plus offers students in grades seven through 12 the opportunity to earn free college credit from any Ohio public college or participating private college while earning high school credits for the same class, Lakeland said in a press release. It replaces the Post-Secondary Enrollment Options program.
Fifteen school districts and one private school have signed agreements naming Lakeland as their primary provider of college classes offered at their high schools. They are Mentor, Kirtland, Painesville, Riverside, Perry, Madison, Willoughby-Eastlake, Wickliffe, Lake Catholic, Chardon, West Geauga, Newbury, Kenston, Berkshire, Cardinal and Mayfield.
Beginning next fall, Lakeland said it will offer college classes on-site at Mentor, Riverside, Willoughby South, Eastlake North, Perry, Wickliffe, Chardon, Kenston, Cardinal and Mayfield high schools. Lakeland course offerings at additional high schools are being finalized.
Courses will be taught by either a full-time or adjunct Lakeland faculty member or a high school faculty member meeting Lakeland’s qualifications. High school faculty teaching Lakeland courses will be observed and evaluated by an experienced Lakeland faculty member.
Under the primary pathway agreement with Lakeland, the school districts will pay the college a flat rate of $40 per credit hour.
Students from other high schools may take Lakeland classes on the college campus or online. Last fall, 821 students from 25 high schools in Lake, Geauga, Ashtabula, and Cuyahoga counties and other alternative high school providers earned college credit at Lakeland.
 “Giving students the opportunity to earn free college credit while in high school allows them to get a jump start on college and makes higher education more affordable,” Lakeland President Morris W. Beverage Jr. said in the press release. “Students can save even more by transferring into one of our many bachelor degree programs at the Holden University Center.”, 03/31/15 0201hrs Residents in the 900 block of Stevens alerted EPD of a vehicle squealing tires and reported hearing a loud crash, possibly an accident.  On arrival trash cans had been struck by a vehicle with debris (garbage) scattered across front yard areas.  It appeared from the direction of the debris the vehicle was traveling south on Stevens, lost control and went off the left side of the roadway, went back onto the roadway and then off the left side of the roadway again sideways to a final rest before continuing southbound in the 1000 block of Stevens causing property damage. Located at the scene were several parts from the suspect vehicle. We are looking for a 1982-1988 Pontiac Firebird or Trans Am.  The vehicle will have heavy front end damage and possibly carriage damage.  It is also missing a left headlight cover., 03/27/15 0826hrs EPD officers responded to the Circle K store on Lakeshore on a report of an armed robbery. Dispatch advised that the male brandished a knife and attempted to rob the store and was last seen running west bound on Lakeshore from the store.  Eastlake Middle School and Jefferson Elementary were immediately placed on lock down due to the proximity and seriousness of the incident. An unmarked unit was on Bayshore near the pedestrian path and observed a male on a green bicycle matching the description as provided by the witnesses. The suspect was taken into custody without incident. He  was identified as a 13 year old juvenile and  admitted that he was the person that robbed the store.  He stated that he went to the Circle K with intentions of taking money. He entered the store and picked up a few items of food and approached the counter. He placed the items on the counter at the store and when the cashier began to interact with him, he pulled a knife from his person, opened the blade, brandished the knife at the cashier and stated "give me the money". The cashier said "no" and at that point he became irritated and fled from the store on his bicycle. He was charged with one count of aggravated robbery, a felony of the first degree and was transported to the Lake County Juvenile Detention Center where he was held on the charges.  The schools were released from lock down after approximately 20 minutes., null, CITY OF EASTLAKE
ANNUAL EASTER EGG HUNT
Saturday, March 28th - 9 to 10 a.m. - GATES OPEN AT 8:30 a.m.
AT CLASSIC PARK, 35300 VINE STREET
EASTLAKE RESIDENTS ONLY - MUST SHOW PROOF OF RESIDENCY AT THE GATE
AGES 0-5; 6-10; 11-14, 03/24/14 during a council meeting, Patrolman John McCauley, Dispatcher Sherry Brzeski and the family of auxiliary Andy Allen were all honored for their service. Ptl. John McCauley was recently selected as the Eastlake officer of the year and Disp. Sherry Brzeski for the civilian employee of the year award.  Andy Allen’s family was presented with his badge in a display case for all of the work that he did for our department over the years. John and his father, retired Lt Jack McCauley are the first officers of the year recipients that came from the same family. Job well done to all., 03/22/15 2225hrs officers were dispatched to the 36000 block of Lakeshore Blvd for an unwanted guest. The caller reported a family member arrived unannounced and was unwelcomed at the residence and further advised she believed the female to be under the influence of an unknown substance. Prior to officer’s arrival the female had locked herself in a bathroom. The female was removed from the residence and later transported to the ER to seek help for a drug addiction issue at her request.  On 03/23/15 the complainant called EPD again to report jewelry she had in the bathroom was discovered missing when she went to put the jewelry on this morning.  Officers responded to the ER where 26 year old Sarah Klemencic of Middlefield was located about to be released. She was taken in custody for the $3000 theft; the jewelry was recovered still on her person. Klemencic was held without bond on an enhanced felony charge due to the age of the victim.  She is being held in the Lake County Jail until arraignment., 03/21/15 2036hrs two complaints were received of an angry solicitor – a male was approaching woman in the parking lot of the Vineyards claiming to need money to take his daughter to a hospital. When one of the females refused, he became upset calling her derogatory names and kicking a vehicle. Officers checked the area for the gray Ford Ranger the male had left in prior to police arrival, but were unable to locate him., 03/21/15 1727hrs report of a one car accident – a vehicle being operated by a 36 year old male resident left the Circle K on Vine St, reportedly “blacked out”, driving through a fence of a business located at 1411 E 363rd, striking a parked vehicle in the parking lot then flipping over and coming to a rest on its side.  The male driver was cited for driving under suspension and the female owner of the vehicle was cited for wrongful entrustment as she at first claimed to the driver upon police arrival due to the male being under suspension and not having insurance., 03/21/15 0723hrs a resident on E Overlook reported a vehicle was in her driveway blocking her vehicles in the driveway and she doesn’t know who it belongs to.  The vehicle registration returned to her son who also resides at the home. The caller did not recognize the vehicle due to the angle it was parked at., 03/19/15 0349hrs officer on patrol ran the registration of a vehicle parked in the roadway at E 331st and Waverly Rd.  It returned to a 2000 Dodge Caravan that had been reported stolen from Parkview Rd in Cleveland.  The vehicle was towed and the owner was notified by Cleveland PD.  At 0703hrs a resident in the 1100 block of E 332nd reported his locked 1998 Dodge Caravan was stolen from his driveway overnight. That vehicle has not been recovered yet as of this posting., 03/18/15 1337hrs a female resident from Willowick reported she left her vehicle in the parking lot of the Final Score overnight not wanting to drive after celebrating St Patty’s Day.  Upon returning the following day she reported her windshield and been broken out by a brick that was beside the vehicle.  Surveillance video replayed from a neighboring business identified a 40 year old Willoughby male responsible for the damage. The male was asked to respond to EPD to turn himself in, to which he complied and advised the “brick had flown out of his hand and hit a windshield”.  He was released on bond after processing was completed., 03/17/15 1905hrs two females, 20 year old Montycrystal Norton and 24 year old Do’monique Harris both of Cleveland, were arrested on felony charges. Harris was charged with passing a $2900 bad check with Norton  charged with complicity to the crime.  She was also wanted for other unrelated felony charges through the CCSO and Cleveland’s 2nd District PD.  The two allegedly attempted unsuccessfully to pass bad checks at the S Euclid Walmart and Akron Walmart prior to arriving at Eastlake Walmart where they were apprehended., SUPPORT  GROUP FOR PARENTS WHO SURVIVED THE LOSS OF AN INFANT OR  CHILD
Wednesday,  March 25, 2015 at 6:30 PM
Body  of Christ Community
38057  Erie Road
Willoughby,  Ohio
DVD  Movie & Discussion: Heaven Is For  Real!
Significant  Others Welcomed
Refreshments  and Snacks Courtesy of Jane Monreal
Pre-Register  if possible: _chiefjtm@aol.com_ (mailto:chiefjtm@aol.com)  or
440.953.9126
Coordinated  by Associate Pastor Eric Lessia and Jim and Laura McBride.
Special  Thanks to Pastor Mike Currier, On Wednesday 03/11/15 at 1317hrs Service Department employees on Willowick Dr working heard a woman screaming for help. Eastlake City Service Worker Patrick Curtis ran up to the home to find an 8 month old baby was choking.  He began performing emergency procedures on the baby prior to rescue workers arriving on scene dislodging the item the child was choking on aiding with his breathing.  The baby was transported to Lake West by rescue workers shortly after and is doing well.  Job well done Mr. Curtis., 03/16/15 for those planning on heading out early tomorrow, plan ahead with a D.D. (designated driver) - have fun and drink responsibility., 07:28 all roadways are passable in the city and there are no signs of extraneous flooding. The Chagrin River is flowing freely and the river level has receded to 7 feet. EPD, EFD, and the Mayor's office continue to monitor the situation., 06:34 The Eastlake (PAL) Police Athletic League Center (the Eastlake Community Center) will be open this morning for any residents who are voluntarily evacuating from the Harbor areas of the city., At 06:16, the ice jam underneath the Lakeshore Bridge released and water and ice were flowing towards both the East and West Island Channels. Water was also observed on the roadway on Admiral and the second level of Reverse 911 Calls was placed for voluntary evacuations in those areas. We are continuing to monitor this quickly changing situation and will update as the situation dictates., At 02:14 the water level just south of the Lakeshore Boulevard bridge was reported to be at 8 feet. However, the water level from under the bridge to Lake Erie and along the West Island Channel to Lake Erie was flowing and significantly lower. The ice chunks under the bridge caused the water to rise in just that area. The water level has not risen for over the past 2 hours. There are no evacuations occurring at this time. Again, we will continue to monitor the situation and keep you posted., At this time, the initial Reverse 911 Calls are being placed JUST to alert residents along the river of the increasing water level and the potential for flooding. There are no mandatory evacuations at this time, this is just to give the residents the most up-to-date information we have. We are continuing to monitor the situation along with the Mayor and the Eastlake Fire Department., The Eastlake Police Department is continuing to monitor the level of the river due to recent rainfall and the potential for flooding in areas of the city. At this time, there is no cause for concern and we will continue to monitor the situation and keep you updated., null, Eastlake starts vacant home registry
 By Amy Popik, The News-Herald 
Vacant homes in Eastlake will now be documented.
At Eastlake City Council’s March 10 meeting, members unanimously approved an ordinance that would require vacant homes to be registered with the city.
Mayor Dennis Morley said this would allow the city to stay on top of the homes that are abandoned.
“Houses that are empty and falling apart, we want them to register so we can track them down,” he said, adding it’s a way to find out who is the owner.
 “Right now, sometimes we are chasing people, going to court and trying to find people, and we have to pay the court costs to do so.”
It will cost $150 to register a home on the new registry.
“This registry will allow us and the fire department to track the home because when you have a vacant home it could lead to a fire hazard,” he said.
Morley said this will help the community because it will help the city be aware of vacant properties and make sure they are taken care of.
“If there are homes that aren’t being taken care of we can go right to the source, whether it is the bank or an owner,” he said. “We will have better property management and have safer homes.”
The city will send out information to people to find out who the responsible party is, instead of relying on information from the Lake County Auditor’s Office.
Once the registry has the proper information, the city will have the correct contact information for owners or the bank to make sure the property is preserved and repairs are made.
Surrounding cities like Painesville, Wickliffe and Willowick have something similar in place and the city looked at their registries to create one that would work for Eastlake, Morley said.
The mayor also announced at the council meeting that the city is looking to find another store to replace the soon-to-close Good Cents Grocery According to Morley, the city has inquired with Meijer grocery store as well as Giant Eagle to put in a Market District store in its place., Did anyone see the wild turkeys yesterday on Reeves?, 03/12/15 early this morning (0039hrs) the river rose to 7ft it has since gone down to 6ft.  The water seems to be flowing well, you can see how thick the ice got this year during our deep freeze., Tickets for the March 21st @WEAcademicBstrs Auction are available for people interested in supporting the program. http://www.weacademicboosters.org/auction-2015, 03/08/15 1340hrs nearly the same time as a complainant was reporting their vehicle stolen - the vehicle was involved in a one car accident in a neighboring city.  The male was transported to EPD for further investigation once the accident report was completed.  Prior to transport found on the male were two jewelry boxes, one of which contained over $1,000 worth of misc. jewelry that was later found to be stolen from a safe at resident’s home he had been in.  The male, 28 year old Anthony Gugliotta of Eastlake, was arrested charged with felony grand theft auto, felony theft and felony safecracking and held  without bond., 03/07/15 2209hrs hit-skip accident occurred in the 900 block of E 347th – the suspect vehicle, a red Mazda missing pieces of its grill, emblem, chrome trim and pieces of the light assembly suffering heavy front end damage, struck the parked victim vehicle pushing it approximately 16 feet from the point of impact.  If anyone happens to spot this vehicle please call EPD 440-951-1400 reference 1500273., Registration for Eastlake Safety begins March 15th - May17th  Our Safety Awareness Program Is For Children ages 4-5-6  (Must be 4 before 03/01/15)  Location:  Thomas Jefferson Elementary School  35980 Lakeshore Blvd., Eastlake, Ohio 44095  Dates June 15th- June 19th  Morning and Afternoon Classes  9:30 a.m. – 11:45 a.m.  12:30 p.m. – 2:45 p.m.  Registration March 15th - May 15th 2015  Fee $30 (After May 17th $35)  Forms available at the Eastlake Public Library, W/E schools website at the Eastlake Police Dept. or visit our website at http://eastlakeohio.com and download the form., 03/07/15 Don’t forget to “spring forward”  for daylight savings time that begins 03/08/15 at 2am.  The Eastlake Fire Department would like to remind you its a good time to change the batteries in your smoke detectors as well., 03/05/15 1552hrs EPD and EFD responded to the 1300 block of E 345th for a male that had been struck by a vehicle.  After further questioning it was learned the victim had been given a ride to a store by an acquaintance. Upon returning and exited the vehicle the male slipped on the ice and the driver of the vehicle accidently ran over his foot/ankle area.  The victim was transported to the hospital for treatment of his injuries. No further investigation., 03/05/15 These flowers were delivered to dispatcher Royko for her assistance with a call yesterday. She was alerted about a possible gas leak at a residence and after learning that the resident was out-of-state she contacted and coordinated with him
to make sure the problem was resolved without any issues or damage. This follow-up continued throughout the evening until the job was done. This is just one of many things that our dispatch unit does behind the scenes and traditionally they get very little recognition for all of their hard work. They are our first contact with the public and do a fine job every day. Job well done to dispatcher Royko., http://fox8.com/2015/03/06/sirens-around-state-will-sound-friday-morning-as-part-of-tornado-drill/, Our thoughts and prayers for a speedy recovery to involved -, null, 03/04/15 2141hrs a caller reported a heartless motorist operating a black vehicle, possibly a Cavalier, enter the area of W Island Dr and abandon a small black dog, dropping it off and driving away. The caller was unable to get a registration for the vehicle and was unsuccessful in rescuing the pup.  At 0036hrs an officer was again dispatched to the same area for a dog that had been sitting by a resident’s front door for hours.  Contact was made with the homeowner and it was determined the black and brown small beagle mix, most likely the abandoned dog, did not belong to him however he agreed to keep the dog warm until he could contact the dog warden in the morning, CITY OF EASTLAKE
ANNUAL EASTER EGG HUNT
Saturday, March 28th - 9 to 10 a.m. - GATES OPEN AT 8:30 a.m.
AT CLASSIC PARK, 35300 VINE STREET
EASTLAKE RESIDENTS ONLY - MUST SHOW PROOF OF RESIDENCY AT THE GATE
AGES 0-5; 6-10; 11-14, 03/04/15 1354hrs there is a water main break at Lakeshore and Carlton - water department has been notified and is responding., Update - 03/04/15 The suspect in this case was arrested on our probable cause warrant for assault this morning and released on bond - 03/01/15 not very neighborly – a male residing on E Overlook stated that he was shoveling snow for his neighbor, when he was approached by a second neighbor and shoved by the face and neck because of his snow removal method - shoveling snow from the sidewalk.   The complainant made a comment about removing snow for walkers, and the 69 year old suspect demanded he stop, stating that the walkers could use the street, and the sidewalk was his property.  As the complainant continued the snow removal, the suspect returned with a snow blower intentionally blowing snow on the victim shouting for him to leave the area. A misdemeanor charge of assault is pending., Roads are starting to get slick - drive careful, Our thoughts are with Cleveland PD today
http://www.odmp.org/officer/19243-police-officer-derek-wayne-owens, 03/01/15 0152hrs report of an one car accident in on Willowick Dr near Woodstock with two people observed exiting the vehicle and running from the scene.  Prior to our arrival to the accident scene Timberlake Pd had located a male and female running at Willowick and Stevens, three blocks from the crash and detained them on our behalf.  At the accident,  the vehicle 1998 Chevy Cavalier, was on top of a snow pile in front of a home on Willowick Dr.  The operator had struck and took down a tree in the lawn of that residence. The 38 year old male was taken into custody for suspicion of OVI, failure to control and hit skip. He refused to submit to a breath test. His 37 year old female passenger had minor injuries from the airbag deployment and  refused treatment.  She was transported to the EPD lobby to make arrangements for a ride home to Mentor., 02/28/15 dispatch received an abundant amount of calls this weekend regarding scam telephone calls including the IRS and the DEA. Our area is being targeted heavily by the scammers – this is just a reminder not to provide any personal information over the telephone for any reason., 02/28/15 0141hrs EPD units responded to a car accident SR 91 and Stevens. According to witnesses, a Grand Am had been on SR 91 S/B stopped at a red light when a Cobalt came up behind it and ran into the back of it without slowing. In speaking with at fault driver, a 34 year old female, officers could detect the strong odor of an alcoholic beverage, her eyes were watery and bloodshot, and she was somewhat unsteady on her feet.   The female was taken into custody charged with failure to assure clear distance and the OVI.  Score .242, 02/26/15 1109hrs a motorist passing through the Imperial Super Buffet parking lot reported that a female was sitting in the snow near a vehicle in the lot.  Officers responded along with the rescue squad and located the 49 year old female sitting in the snow in an apparent state of shock due to the cold weather and severe frostbite. It is unknown at this time how long the female had been outside. She was transported to the hospital for treatment., 02/26/15 0252hrs officer on patrol was southbound on Reeves Rd from Lakeshore Blvd and observed a vehicle off the right side of the northbound lane, stuck in the snow in the 36000 block of Reeves.  There were tracks that indicated the vehicle failed to negotiate the curve in the road, went off the roadway to the right, struck the guardrail, and continued in the yard before striking a tree.  Both males, a 22 year old and 25 year old were out of the vehicle free of serious injury other than a minor facial injury on one of the males.  Both males admitted drinking and when asked, both denied driving the vehicle.  Both were taken into custody for disorderly intoxication pending further investigation into the accident.  During the investigation it was determined the 22 year old male was the operator of the vehicle however he still denied involvement so search warrants for the vehicle and buccal swabs from the male were granted in court and served for further scientific evidence., 02/26/15 this a re-post from 02/09 - EPD is still looking for the identity of the this female for questioning in an incident that occurred at McDonalds on Lakeshore in this city. If you can provide any information please private message this page., 02/24/15 2241hrs an elderly male believed he had a raccoon stuck inside his wall in his home on E 340th and requested assistance in removing the animal.  On scene it was determined the animal came down through the attic and was indeed wedged in the wall.  A nuisance animal control company was contacted to further aid the gentleman., 02/24/15 1910hrs a family member requested a welfare check on her elderly mother at Surfside Towers due to not being able to reach her by phone.  Another family member arrived at the apartment while police were responding.  On scene officers found the female in good health but she had knocked the phone off the hook., 02/22/15 2330hrs officer on routine patrol observed two males traveling on the roadway N/B 91 turning W/B on to Vine St operating two 4 wheel ATV’s.  Emergency equipment was activated on the cruiser but both males rapidly accelerated W/B, clocked at 60MPH in a 25MPH zone and increasing in speed.  Both males eluded police until a short time later one of males was again located on Stevens Blvd.  As the ATV continued to elude he made his way to E 340th and Jennison cutting over towards a cut through to E 341St where he lost control of the ATV in the deep snow which landed on its side - not injuring or trapping the driver.  The 41 year old male resident was arrested for fleeing and eluding, speed and having a prohibited vehicle on the roadway held for bond., 02/20/14 0809hrs the “wheel wrangler” struck again, this time at the Dover Place Apartments.  (First instance some readers may remember was in December of last year at Sussex). Sometime over night person(s) removed all four wheels from this 2014 Honda leaving the vehicle on milk crates.  The wheel pictured is what should be on the Honda. (Temp. outside was well below zero degrees), Eastlake Victim Assistance Domestic Violence Support Group
meets every Monday from 6:30pm-8:00pm. This support group is open to all including non-residents for free.If you have any questions please call the Advocates at #440-975-4252 or
email victadv@ameritech.net, 02/21/15 these are photos from our second roll over accident on SR. 2 E/B. The first had no reported injuries. In the second accident the driver suffered minor shoulder injuries when the vehicle hit a snow bank going airborne for 30ft before rolling over., 02/21/15 victims of a hit skip accident at Walmart followed the suspect vehicle down E 337th. As the suspect attempted to turn he lost control and ended up in this snow bank. Once on scene he gave officers false information due to not having a valid license and having numerous warrants for his arrest., In case you haven't heard Willoughby-Eastlake schools are closed Friday 02/20. Stay warm out there folks and drive safe, 02/17/15 Cleveland resident, 45 year old Davilyn Eason, was taken into custody charged with four felony theft charges for a crime that occurred in November of 2012 at 0251hrs. At that time Eason was observed on video surveillance crawling behind the counter of the former Lucky Charm Café and taking a bank deposit bag containing over $3000, rolled coins, checks and two credit cards.  Probable cause warrants were issued for her arrest and on this date she was located by Parma PD.  She was held transported back to EPD booking held on $5000 cash bond., 02/14/15 0348hrs nothing screams romance more than stealing roses for your Valentine – this 29 year old Mayfield Hts resident not only attempted to take a dozen roses but also attempted to return over $700 worth of merchandise in a fraud attempt at Walmart. Officers were conducting a foot patrol of the store when alerted by employees.  The male was taken into custody for the theft and transported back to EPD booking.  In booking an inventory of his property revealed he was carrying over $100 of counterfeit money as well.  He was held on $3500 cash bond, the counterfeit investigation was referred to the Secret Service., 02/13/15 1956hrs a caller reported her vehicle was struck in the Final Score parking lot and the male driver fled the scene W/B on Vine.  Shortly after Wickliffe PD located the vehicle traveling on SR 2 and conducted a traffic stop.  A witness on scene at the Final Score observed the 51 year old Euclid resident  exit a parking spot next to a parked vehicle, strike the building with the rear of his car, go forward and strike the parked vehicle. He backed up striking the building again, pulled forward and struck the victim vehicle once more before fleeing the parking lot.  Meanwhile back at the traffic stop, damage to the driver’s vehicle matched that at the accident scene and the male was taken into custody for driving under the influence.  He refused to submit a breath test no score., 02/13/15 EPD is seeking the identity of these three individuals (the two males have been identified)  in connection to an incident that occurred on February 9 involving the passing of counterfeit money at a business on Lakeshore. (These are the best pictures we could provide you with) If you have any information call EPD at 440-951-1400 or private message this page. Refer to report 1500168., 02/11/15 2030hrs EPD received a call of an erratic driver on Vine St that had pulled into the Vineyards plaza. On arrival the vehicle was located along with the 38 year female driver who now standing outside of the car.  She was advised of the complaint and when run through the system it was discovered she had been driving under suspension. She was told to leave her vehicle parked and make arraignments for a ride home. Approximately 30 minutes later the female was observed again driving down Vine St, stopped and placed under arrest for the DUS.  When the owner of the vehicle arrived to take custody of the car he stated he was aware the driver did not have a valid license but let her take his car anyways.  The owner was cited as well for wrongful entrustment., 02/11/14 0121hrs EPD responded to E 331st and Waverly for an intoxicated male in a vehicle that crashed into a snow bank. On arrival the 29 year old male resident was attempting to get out of the snow bank, his vehicle facing the wrong way on the roadway.  The male was removed from his vehicle via the passenger side door as the driver’s door could not be opened due to the manner it was wedged into the snow. After failing field sobriety testing the male was taken into custody for OVI, open containers (2) and possession of marijuana charges. He was processed and held on court set bond. Score .175., 02/10/15 1900hrs – EPD officers were dispatched to Drug Mart for a 66 year old Willowick resident that had entered the store and was in the area of the pharmacy after he had been warned by EPD that the store did not wish for him to return to the store due to the threats he made to the pharmacist on Sunday 02/01/15 over the cost of his prescription medicine. When approached he was advised the store wished to pursue charges for trespassing and that he was being placed under arrest. While being taken into custody he resisted arrest knocking over a display case of pop attempting to pull away from officers. He was taken into custody charged with resisting and criminal trespassing., 02/10/15 Harris was responsible for the robbery at Manny's Lounge in our city last year.  A joint investigation with Cleveland, Eastlake, Euclid, and Lakewood Police Departments resulted in Harris' arrest and his accomplices. 
'Red Shoe Robber' guilty in 19-store robbery spree
He targeted convenience stores, bars, gas stations and pharmacies for his late-night robberies.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Cuyahoga County Prosecutor Timothy J. McGinty confirmed that a jury found a Cleveland man guilty of nearly 100 counts in a massive aggravated robbery trial. Johnnie L. Harris, 22, was found guilty of 95 counts surrounding a robbery spree that spanned October 2013 through March 2014 and targeted 19 businesses in Cleveland, Lakewood, Euclid and Eastlake. Harris targeted convenience stores, bars, gas stations and pharmacies for his late-night robberies. He became known for often wearing red shoes during these crimes. Harris carried a weapon and fired shots in at least seven of the robberies. These 19 separate offenses culminated into a single, 107-count indictment, McGinty said. Harris was found guilty of 95 of these counts: 26 counts of aggravated robbery, 46 counts of kidnapping, two counts of felonious assault, 20 counts of having weapons under disability and one count of misuse of a credit card. "We are grateful for the Jury's verdict as it puts an end to the reign of terror orchestrated by the 'Red Shoe Robber,'" said Assistant Prosecuting Attorney Ryan Bokoch, who along with Assistant Prosecuting Attorney Edward Fadel, represented the State of Ohio in this case. "This verdict would not have been possible without the hard work and collaboration of officers and detectives of the Cleveland, Eastlake, Euclid, and Lakewood Police Departments.", 02/09/15 1605hrs a vehicle traveling on Lakeshore in Lakeline Village attempted to slow down for a turn unsuccessfully causing the vehicle to veer off to the left, hit a snow bank which caused the vehicle to go airborne for approximately 15 feet then crash into an utility pole.  The vehicle occupied by a male driver and two small children in car seats were not injured., On February 8th, 2015 Eastlake Police were contacted by Emergency Room personnel from Lake Hospitals Systems (West) after they had received a 4 year old patient who was the victim of an assault. The assailant involved was an 11 year old male.
According to the report Eastlake investigators responded to Lake (west) Hospital in Willoughby, Ohio after being contacted by the hospital. The 4 year old was spending the night with a family friend, who had been babysitting the child on the previous night.       
The babysitter and the 4 year old victim, who was staying in another room, had gone to sleep. The babysitter’s children, along with another juvenile male friend, who was also spending the night had stayed up to play video games. 
The victim was awakened by the noise from the other children playing the video games and confronted them about the noise. She allegedly went back to where she was sleeping and the 11 year old male followed her.  Another confrontation occurred and the 11 year old allegedly began assaulting the victim. 
One of the other males heard the commotion and stopped the assault. None of the children reported what happened to their mother (the babysitter) until the next day when the babysitter observed bruises and contusions on the 4 year old and contacted her mother.
The child was taken to Lake (west) hospital before being transported to Rainbows Babies and Children’s Hospital in Cleveland for further observation. Preliminary reports show the victim to be stable condition and doing fine. The victim has been released from the hospital and is at home. The case is still under investigation and Lake County Human Services is involved., Eastlake woman creates organization to support soldiers
By Amy Popik, The News-Herald 
Mandy Orlando received a call from her fiancé that she was hoping she would never get. “He called to tell me the one thing no one with a loved one in the military wants to hear, but most inevitably will, he had gotten orders for deployment,” she said. “This sent my head into a spiral, I was grasping for anything that would make this feel OK. As months went on, and their training ensued, I had the privileged of meeting some of the incredible people he serves with. It was through meeting them and hearing their stories that I came up with the Sending Love Overseas campaign.” Sending Love Overseas was started in February 2014 and is an outreach organization that sends letters and care packages to soldiers. “I wanted to create something that would affect every soldier in the troop and provide them with support through the difficult times deployment brings,” Orlando said. The Eastlake native recently introduced the Letters of Love movement to her organization, which encourages the community to write letters to deployed soldiers. “Letters tend to be overlooked by today’s society, but I had the experience of writing my fiancé every day during basic and it was a great way to connect,” she said. “There is something about words on paper that really resonates with people. These letters remind the soldiers that their duty is appreciated, and that there are people back home who support them even without knowing them.” The organization sends food, toiletries and clothing in care packages, thanks to the help of businesses. She has enough products from businesses to send at least six care packages a month for nine months and about 80 to 100 soldiers benefit from these packages. As the founder of the organization, Orlando said she has a direct address to where the soldiers are and the packages are placed in a community area for soldiers to take supplies as they are needed. “We have received well over $5,000 in product donations, $685 in monetary donations on our funding site through gofundme.com, which goes toward shipping charges, and because Letters of Love has just begun, we have a little over 20 letters,” she said, adding that the troop’s deployment just begun and they already sent three care packages. Sending Love Overseas’ main goal is to give support to soldiers who are in a “vulnerable position where they are faced with such bravery and resilience,” Orlando said. “There are plenty of soldiers with no support from home, or families who would love to support their soldiers but do not have the means of doing so,” she said. “Sending Love Overseas strives for every soldier in our troop to know that they are supported and feels the appreciation they deserve.” Orlando said she wanted to dedicate time in her life to helping others, and she would like to adopt another troop after deployment ends for the troop she is supporting now. “I put all of my effort into growing this organization into everything these hardworking heroes deserve,” she said. “They are the heart of everything we stand for and strive for. They are truly incredible, and have inspired me with their unshakable love for our country and their loved ones back home. ”The organization needs the support of the community, which is “full of big hearted people, who do good for the sake of helping others,” Orlando said, and there are several ways to help. People of any age are encouraged to write letters to soldiers, which can be from a simple thank you note to several pages long. 
Monetary donations or just positive thoughts to those who are fighting for the country are also ways to help the organization. 
Letters can be sent to sendingloveoverseas@yahoo.com or Sending Love Overseas, P.O. Box 841, Worthington, OH 42085. 
To make a monetary donation or to learn more about Sending Love Overseas, visit www.gofundme.com/sending-love., 02/08/15 1146hrs a caller concerned for people standing on the ice in the river requested EPD check their welfare.  At the river by East Bank Marina three people were ice fishing where the ice was still about 16 inches deep and checked okay., 02/08/2015 0434hrs a female reported an intoxicated male was attempting to enter her apartment at the Surfside Garden Apts that she identified as the father of her children. The 33 year old male from Euclid was located at Robin and Reeves Rd – sober.  He was advised to return to the apartment at a more reasonable hour for visitation., 02/07/15 1936hrs a 50 year old male was arrested for panhandling and causing a disturbance at a restaurant on Lakeshore Bl.  The male was asked to leave by the owner after he requested $5.00 but instead he walked to seated customers and asked them for money.  Outside when confronted by officers the male resisted arrest trying to re-enter the establishment.  He was taken into custody charged with resisting arrest, disorderly intoxication and on a felony warrant from Portage County.  During an inventory of his property $40 was located in a pants pocket., 02/07/15 1726hrs a bicycle with a child carrier seat attached was retrieved from Woodland Park. To claim contact EPD reference #1502387, 02/07/15 1214hrs a caller’s vehicle was parked at a business on Vine St when a large chunk of ice fell from the building’s roof and gutter area landing on her 2012 Hyun Sonata. The ice damaged her front bumper, dented the hood of her car, damaged the roof near the sunroof and broke the windshield.  The vehicle owner was not injured., 02/06/15 1701hrs a 21 year old store associate of Walmart was caught on camera stealing $560 from the store. The male was arrested, charged with the theft and released on a personal bond., 02/07/15 this Chow was located in the Wal-Mart parking lot. It has on a green collar, but no tags. If you know who owns the dog please call Eastlake PD at 440-951-1400 or Willowick PD at 440-585-1234. The dog is temporarily being housed at the Willowick Service Department. Thank-you., 02/04/15 1448hrs Eastlake Police Department would like help in identifying a suspect in an attempted robbery today at Drug Mart Pharmacy 34100 Vine St. The suspect stated he had an explosive strapped around him.  He was last seen leaving in a silver Grand Am with a female driver west bound on Vine St., 02/02/15 1115hrs the water has been shut off on Lawton Ave between Willowick and Roberts Rd due to an issue with a fire hydrant leaking water flooding the immediate area. Crews are on their way to begin repairs., 01/31/15 a diaper bag was found on the side of the road in the 1200 block of E 360th with baby supplies and clothing.  If this belongs to you it can be picked up at the station pending verification of contents by owner., 02/02/15 Republic Waste is closed today due to the weather, and all trash pickup will be delayed by one day this week., Allow ample time if you have to travel today, 01/30/15 for the last month several times a day we receive multiple calls on the three legged deer that is currently in our area.  We have checked on the deer many times when called and except on the rare occasion we have had to open a gate so the deer can get out of a fenced in yard that he is unable to jump over, the overall health of the deer appears good, it’s eating, getting around and seems to be thriving even with his disability., null, 01/27/15 1139hrs – half of a good deed:  a female shopper at Walmart left behind her purse after loading merchandise from her cart into her vehicle and drove away.  A male shopper noticed the purse, placed it  into the back seat of his vehicle and also drove away - corroborated by both an eye witness and surveillance video.  A short time later the male shopper returned to the store turning the purse into customer service – minus all cash it contained.  The male shopper was identified as a 53 year old Willoughby resident and when confronted at his home returned all cash that was stolen from the purse.  The purse and currency was returned to the 64 year old female who declined to pursue any theft charges., a bit of humor ..., 01/25/15 1044hrs rollover accident – a vehicle travelling N/B on SR 91 attempted to stop at the red light at Stevens Blvd but began to slide on the snow and ice.  The vehicle swerved to avoid a van crossing over SR 91 and went off the roadway into the N/E corner of the intersection.  The vehicle impacted the side of the drainage ditch flipping the vehicle over end over end landing on its roof.  The driver was able to exit his vehicle from the now missing driver’s side window. The 25 year old driver from Northfield refused medical treatment and was transported to EPD to make arrangements for a ride., 01/22/15 at 1256hrs 27 year old Kevin Paris was arrested for felony aggravated burglary for his role in the crime that occurred in December 2014 in the 1400 block of E 332nd St. Paris is being held at the Lake County Jail on $10,000 cash or surety bond., Lake County Recorder bringing Veteran ID program to Eastlake Library on Jan. 31  (News Herald)| 
Lake County Recorder Ann Radcliffe and her staff are bringing their Veteran ID program to the Eastlake Library, 36706 Lake Shore Blvd., from 9:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. Jan. 31.
 This is an excellent opportunity for veterans in Western Lake County to receive their Armed Forces Veteran I.D. card without having to travel to Painesville, according to a library press release. Benefits of having a Veteran I.D. card include discounts at participating retail establishments and restaurants, proof of military service, valid voter identification and to obtain certified copies of their DD214 from the Lake County Recorder’s Office.
 In order to receive an I.D. card at the Eastlake Library, the following will be required: Fill out a form; provide an original or certified copy of discharge paper; show a valid photo I.D.; get picture taken at the library; and pay a $1 fee.
 Registration is not necessary. For more information, contact the Lake County Recorder’s Office at 440-350-2510 or Lori Caszatt at lori.caszatt@welibrary.info., Problem with stove ruled as cause of Eastlake house fire
 By Staff report, The News-Herald 
A stove has been ruled as the cause of an Eastlake house fire that caused thousands of dollars in damage.
The fire broke out at about 2:30 p.m. Jan. 18 at 38292 Delores Drive. When firefighters arrived at the scene, they found heavy smoke coming from the roof. 
While the fire was brought under control quickly, it caused an estimated $40,000 in damage, said Eastlake Fire Battalion Chief Bob Lloyd. 
The cause of the fire was accidental and appeared to be a failure of an older stove, Lloyd said. 
The two occupants of the home were not at the house when the fire started. No one was injured, Eastlake Fire Chief Theodore Whittington previously told The News-Herald. 
The Willoughby and Willowick fire departments assisted on the scene., 01/16/15 0732hrs Officers were dispatched to the 37000 block of Lakeshore for an unwanted guest/domestic dispute.  On scene the complainant, who was waiting in a car outside, reported that her ex-boyfriend was inside her residence and she did not want him there.  She also reported he was wanted by Westlake PD.  All the doors had been locked with the keys left inside the residence.  Officers entered an unlocked window and searched the residence but did not readily locate the 29 year old male who chose to hide.  The male was located shortly after in the “pots and pans” cupboard in the kitchen.  He was arrested on his warrant and released to Westlake PD., Eastlake Police Department Victim Assistance will have the Domestic
Violence Support Group available tonight. Group meets on Mondays and it is not restricted to only Eastlake residents.
Location is at the Eastlake Police Department 35150 Lakeshore Blvd.
Group will run 6:30pm-8:00pm, 01/16/15  Lori Cook, safety advisor for AAA, presented this commendation traffic safety award to EPD for promoting awareness of traffic safety issues among our citizens. Lt Gonzalez accepted the award on behalf of the department., 01/15/15  I was honored last night was a plaque from the Lake County Chiefs of Police Association for my three years of serving as an officer for the organization.  During that tenure I was able to meet many people throughout the county and learn all of the things that the organization does. Pictured with me is our speaker Bob Frantz (1420 AM 9-11 am) who is a radio personality and has always
been a large law enforcement supporter and Chief John Gielink who is the incoming president. Thank you to all of my peers who help me during the last three years and who I can count done for the remainder of my career. 
Chief Larry Reik., Amy Weber

Jan 15th, 8:09pm
.
Please help us prevent domestic homicide by reading, signing, and sharing our petition urging Ohio law makers to make non-fatal strangulation a felony. Strangulation is a key indicator of escalating violence and future homicide in domestic violence cases. If my sister-in-law's husband had been convicted of a felony after he strangled her in January...he would have been in prison on the day he fatally stabbed her in October.

Please help us get Monica's Law passed to honor my sister and to save lives.

Please sign and spread the word! Thank you for your support!

https://www.change.org/p/support-monica-s-law-prevent-domestic-homicide-make-non-fatal-strangulation-a-felony-in-ohio

#Monicastrong, The WilloughbyHills Police Department is featured on this week's episode of Dateline NBC. It will air on Friday Jaunuary 16, 2015 at 10 pm., null, 01/13/15 some of our regulars may recall seeing a post on this page from October of 2014 where a male turned in a large sum of money ($1,000) to EPD that he found while walking in a parking lot in the city.  The 55 year old resident was told if the money went unclaimed for 90 days, per EPD policy, the cash would be returned to him.  Sir  thank-you for your honesty in doing the right thing it's an award you well deserve congratulations., null, 01/10/15 0739hrs EPD responded to Glen Dr on the report from a resident of a hit-skip accident that occurred sometime after 2am.  On arrival to the scene tire tracks were observed that had left the roadway striking a fire hydrant.  The hydrant was sheared off at the base and thrown approximately 15 feet from the point of impact.  Affixed to the damaged hydrant was the license plate of the suspect vehicle. (I know, sometimes it's easy…) The 23 year old driver of the vehicle was issued citations for hit-skip leaving the scene of an accident and failure to control., 01/09/15 this poster was dropped off at our department by a family in the community who wanted to say thank you and recognize us today on Law Enforcement Appreciation Day.  I have been amazed by the support and outreach from the community over the past year with all of the conflict that has taken place around the country.  Days like this do not get the recognition of the tragedies and the turmoil but they are
much more common. While I was writing this post I received a call from a faculty member of W/E schools who said that they were wearing blue in support of law enforcement today (even though classes were canceled) and that the students were encouraged to do the same.  I truly understand that I am blessed and honored to be in this profession Thank you to all that support us, honor us and stand
behind us. Your appreciation does not go unnoticed.
Chief Larry Reik 
The text of the poster reads as follows:
I am the police and I'm here to arrest you. You have broken the law I
did not write the law. I may disagree with the law but I will enforce
it. No matter how you plead, cajole, beg or attempt to stir my
sympathy nothing you do will stop me. If you run away I will chase
you, if you fight me I will fight back, if you shoot at me I will
shoot back.  By law I am unable to walk away. I am a consequence, I
am the unpaid bill. I am fate with a badge and a gun. Behind my badge
I have a heart like yours I bleed, I think, I love and yes I can be
killed and although I am one man I have thousands of brothers and
sisters who are the same as me.  They will lay down their lives for
me and I them.  We stand watch together, the thin blue line,
protecting the prey from the predators, the good from the bad, WE ARE THE POLICE., 01/09/15  0819hrs we are currently out with 4 accidents on SR 2 - if you need to travel through the area use caution and slow down., Something different today - what would you do?, 01/06/04 0113hrs EPD is seeking the identity of the two males pictured who attempted to pass several counterfeit $100 bills at Walmart.  Mentor PD is also asking for the identity of the two females pictured in connection to the passing of counterfeit $100 bills in their jurisdiction.  IF you have information on the males identification contact EPD at 440-951-1400 Lt Bob Gonzalez report 15-24, 01/05/14 0153hrs a Mentor FD squad reported a train on fire on the RXR tracks under the SR 91 overpass.  An access road was used to make contact with the train that had a confirmed engine fire.  The fire was extinguished at approximately 0220hrs.  The train was left in the care of the CSX trainmaster and mechanics who advised the engine would be left on the tracks until a new one could be brought up., null, Eastlake Police Department Victim Assistance will have the Domestic
Violence Support Group available starting on Monday January 12, 2015.
Group will meet on Mondays - unless it is a holiday. This Support Group welcomes all, it is NOT restricted to only Eastlake residents.
Location is at the Eastlake Police Department 35150 Lakeshore Blvd.
Group meets from 6:30pm-8:00pm
If you have any questions or would like to attend please call the
advocates at 440-975-4252 or email them at victadv@ameritech.net
(we will not be replying to questions on facebook), 01/03/15 1815hrs officers were dispatched to Walmart for two male shoplifters fleeing the store in their vehicle.  As to not put more attention on themselves the males began throwing merchandise out the car windows while fleeing out of Walmart to E 342nd to Eastlawn where they were stopped. Two males, a 21 year old Le’sonne Bolan, a Cleveland resident, and Keith Lundy a 20 year old Warrensville Hts resident, were taken into custody.  Discovered among the property in the vehicle were several stolen Mastercard and Visa gift cards and other merchandise that were linked back to thefts at Kohl’s, Five Below and a Dollar General in Brainbridge.  In addition to the theft charge the both were charged with felony tampering with evidence with Lundy given an additional felony for receiving stolen property., 01/02/15 2322hrs a male in the drive-thru lane at McDonalds passed out clutching ½ gal size bottle of “1800” tequila – with a good portion gone -  in his running vehicle.  It took officers several attempts to wake the 40 year old Euclid resident.  Once awake the male was escorted / held up right to a patrol unit where he was transported to EPD for further sobriety testing.  At EPD he began arguing with officers denying being in a vehicle or even at McDonalds.  He was held on court set bond pending sobriety on charges of OVI and open container. Score .219, null, null, null, 12/29/14 0030hrs officer on patrol located damage to a fence at the corner of Lakeshore and Erie Rd and soon after located a vehicle pulling into a driveway on E 349th with heavy damage.  The male readily admitted to striking the fence along with being involved in another accident in a neighboring city.  The 25 year old male was taken into custody on suspicion of OVI and reckless operation.  He was given an additional citation from the neighboring city for leaving the scene of an accident.  Score .187, 12/27/14 2149hrs EPD units were dispatched to Biagio’s on Vine St for a strong arm robbery that had just occurred. On scene, the 63 year old female victim reported a male had exited his vehicle and attempted to grab her purse. Being unsuccessful on the first attempt the male, later identified as 49 year old William Swain of E Cleveland, shoved the victim to the ground grabbing her purse from her.  She was transported to Lake West for treatment of her injuries.  Area departments were given a possible vehicle/registration and description of the suspect.  At approximately 0530hrs Kirtland Hills PD arrested the suspect after a short pursuit and transferred custody to EPD.  Swain was held without bond until his court hearing at which time bond was set at $100,000 cash/surety. He is currently at the Lake County Jail., 12/25/14 0133hrs a mini crime spree in neighboring communities ended on Michelle Ln near Lakeshore early Christmas morning.  A resident reported three males were in his driveway near his vehicle. Upon officer arrival the three males fled. Willoughby PD and Mentor PD were also looking for suspects matching the description of the males that were involved in an incident in their cities and assisted. A 17 year old Cleveland male was apprehended and charged by EPD with aggravated trespassing, obstructing and criminal damage. He was later transported to the detention center. A 20 year male, also out of Cleveland was charged with aggravated trespass, receiving stolen property, obstructing and criminal damage.  He is being held for bond.  The third male was not located.  The males advised they were dropped off in the area for the sole purpose of “searching” through cars to steal items., On December 26th at 1921hrs, a 911 call was received for a male found in the Chagrin River unconscious near the Lakeshore Blvd bridge. Eastlake Police and Fire units were dispatched and located the male on the east bank of the river under the bridge.  The Eastlake Fire Department Water Rescue Team was able to pull the male out of the river.  Eastlake Paramedics then began CPR on the male who is 77 years old and lived in Cleveland.  The male was transported to Lake West Hospital and later pronounced deceased.
The male was fishing on the river bank.  It appears the male was walking northbound on the river bank, slipped and hit his head on a rock causing
him to fall into the river., null, 12/22/14 0751hrs imagine waking up in the morning, having a cup of java, taking a shower and walking outside to start your day to find your vehicle in this condition.  Sometime overnight person(s) unknown in the parking lot of the Sussex Apts removed the wheels and lug nuts from this Honda Accord leaving it on two milk crates., 12/22/14 This is just SOME of the food donated to our community Christmas program to help area families during this holiday season. Much of this was donated by Lake Health led by Brandie Adams and her family. Each of the 31 bags contained a turkey with all the trimmings., 12/20/14 1206hrs a caller reported seeing a deer with an arrow protruding from it in the area of the Community Center. On arrival and upon approach the deer fled to the east side of 91 into the woods.  Later in the afternoon a deer was located on Lakeshore Blvd also shot with a crossbow.  With the help and information from a resident, evidence was located in a backyard on Guilbert Rd indicating the deer were being shot from there. Contact was made with the resident along with another male residing in the city who admitted to the offense of hunting within the city, hunting without a license and failing to tag the deer. ODNR Game Warden responded to EPD for interviews and will assume the case jurisdiction for charges., NYPD our thoughts and prayers to all our brothers and sisters in blue and the families of the slain officers. We have our hands on your shoulders., 12/19/14 today Gary Fink resigned his Ohio Peace Officer Commission with the Eastlake Police Department after serving for 6 decades. Through the years he has served at almost every rank within the department retiring as Chief of Police in May of 1995. He has been as a part-time officer in the city for the past 10 years.  He is pictured with Chief Reik in the same office Reik, as a newly hired patrolman, was sworn into office in Sept. of 1992 by former Chief Fink., 12/18/14 1512hrs patrol units responded to Longfellow School for a report of a pedestrian struck by a vehicle.  On scene two females advised that they were the parties involved in the altercation.  The first female advised the male operator of the vehicle had driven into her while she was acting as the school parking lot monitor. Asked to clarify, she stated that she was holding a traffic cone with the base pointed towards the driver’s car, and the other hand extended towards the car with her palm facing him indicating that he should stop. The male then accelerated towards her striking the cone and causing injury to her hand despite her trying to get out of the way. He sped away only to return  to the school behaving irately and trying to gain access to the building. The second female reported she had a similar occurrence the prior week where the male threatened to run her over with his car if she did not get out of his way.  She advised that she had jumped out of the way fast enough that she avoided being struck but reported that she was in fear of being hit by the male and wished to pursue charges. The male, a 35 year old resident, was arrested, transported to EPD and booked in on charges of assault (felony due to the victim being a school teacher acting in the performance of her duties on school property), and aggravated menacing. He was held without bond pending arraignment and advised he is not welcome on the school property in the future., Last but not least - final stop for the day was TJ's, Santa visits pre-school afternoon session at Kennedy., Last trip of the morning - Washington Elementary, Next, a visit to our friends at Longfellow..., 12/18/14 it has been EPD’s tradition to escort Santa to all the pre-schools and elementary schools in the city since 1974. This morning Santa’s first stop was the pre-school at Kennedy., null, null, http://www.thisblewmymind.com/the-most-powerful-drunk-driving-ad-ever/#1XF8ZSb6ezAA0fwE.01, Come let us serve you some non-alcoholic beverages and snacks at the Protect and Serve Tavern, Come out and join us at the Great Lakes Mall from 12 to 1 today at the annual "Protect and Serve Tavern". Free snacks and non-alcoholic will be served. The event goes all afternoon with our own Chief Reik serving from 12 to 1. It's always fun and entertaining hope to see you there!, December -The YMCA is having a presale for pool passes for Jakse pool which will again be open this summer.  Purchase a pass before the end of December and save 20% off a season pass. (May 24, 2015 thru Sept.2015)   Prices without the percentage off will be the same as last season:  Eastlake resident family passes $150 or Eastlake individual resident passes $75., Same scam, different approach:
Circulating via Email here are just are a few excerpts: it begins with the header: Federal Bureau of Investigation  Counter-terrorism Division and Cyber Crime Division  J. Edgar. Attention Beneficiary, Records show that you are impostors claiming to be The Federal Bureau of Investigation. The Cyber Crime Division of the FBI gathered information from the  Internet Fraud Complaint Center (IFCC) on how some people have lost outrageous sums
of money to these impostors. As a result of this, we  hereby advise
you to stop communication with any one not referred to  you by us. We will be released to you via a custom pin based ATM  card
with a maximum withdrawal limit of $15,000 a day which is powered  by Visa Card. We guarantee you need to send the $370 Payment  Warrant and Endorsement fee :  (EPD: they are kind enough to send you an application and in return they will send you the ATM card with a pin number. Notice the spelling and incorrect grammar contained within the email.)  
  FULL NAMES: __________________________________  DELIVERY ADDRESS
FOR ATM CARD: __________________  SEX: _______________  DATE OF
BIRTH: __________________  OCCUPATION: __________________  TELEPHONE
NUMBER: _____________________  EMAIL ADDRESS: _____________________, 12/10/14 0846hrs officers were dispatched to a hit-skip accident in the parking lot of Jefferson Elementary involving a school bus. As officers responded, a second call came in of a vehicle driving recklessly on Lakeshore W/B turning onto Erie.  The second caller followed the vehicle and observed  the driver pull into a drive on Riverview and into a garage closing the door. Contact was made with the 37 year old female operator who admitted to striking the bus and fleeing the scene. She was subsequently taken into custody for operating a vehicle under the influence of alcohol and/or drugs and child endangering.  She was transported to Lake West after passing out in the back seat of the cruiser and released after a blood and urine screening on an unsecured appearance bond. The nine students on the bus along with driver were not injured. Further charges are pending test results., Still looking for that perfect Christmas gift for the person who is hard to buy for?  Give the gift of a smoke detector, CO detector or a chimney sweep.  Minutes save lives., The Eastlake Community is supporting you Stipe Miocic - best of luck!, 12/09/14 1252hrs the Eastlake Fire Department was dispatched to 35757 Lakeshore Blvd for a possible trailer fire.  Dispatch received multiple calls of smoke and that we potentially had trapped victims. The fire department arrived at 1254hrs to find a trailer with heavy smoke showing.  The initial crews initiated an aggressive interior firefight.  Crews found a female victim, 56 year old Laura Shinsky, and she was removed from the trailer.  Firefighters determined Ms. Shinsky had succumbed to her injuries suffered from the fire. Three cats and the family dog also perished in the fire.  The cause of the fire is still under investigation.
The Eastlake Fire Department was supported by the Willoughby Fire department, Willowick Fire Department, Wickliffe Fire Department, the Eastlake Police Department, West Lake County Fire Investigators Unit, and the State Fire Marshal’s Office. 
We sent our condolences to the family., We will post more information as it becomes available from the firefighters who are still on scene., This event is OPEN to ALL LAKE COUNTY RESIDENTS:

Eastlake, OH) - The Lake County Captains are proud to announce the inaugural Classic Park Holiday Lights & Fireworks Show that the organization will host for the residents of Eastlake and Willowick on Saturday, December 6 from 6 PM - 8 PM. 

The event, which is funded entirely by the Captains at no expense to the City of Eastlake or Willowick, will kick-off the holidays in style for the community as attendees will enter Classic Park through the main gates which will have holiday decorations, lights and a 14-foot Christmas tree decorated for the season.

Inside the stadium, Santa, Mrs. Claus and Skipper will be on hand to take photos with youngsters of all ages. All three characters will arrive to the party on board City of Eastlake and City of Willowick fire trucks.

"Given the response that we receive each year with the free community Independence Day fireworks show that we host for both cities, we expect that the response will be just as positive for this unique holiday event," said Captains General Manager Brad Seymour. "We are very excited to provide this experience for residents of Eastlake and Willowick and open up Classic Park at this time of year to enjoy the holidays."

The Captains will host an arts and crafts area where children in attendance can decorate ornaments that they can hang on their Christmas tree.   

The Willoughby-Eastlake school system will provide caroling groups throughout the evening and the in-park video board will feature holiday video clips and holiday music.

Attendees will also enjoy complimentary coffee, hot chocolate, cold beverages and snacks, all of which will be served while supplies last during the event.

The Captains open the 2015 season on April 10 in Lansing before returning for the Classic Park Home Opener on Sunday, April 12 against Bowling Green. Affordable ticket packages are available for purchase now and more information may be found at CaptainsBaseball.com., 12/04/14 a 25 year old Painesville male was charged with breaking &entering and theft accused of entering a business sometime over the holiday weekend and removing a diamond blade concrete saw valued at $1,200.  He was arrested on the two felony charges and held on court set bond of $5000/10%.  The saw was later recovered at a pawn shop in Euclid and returned to the business owner., 12/05/14 0814hrs a 22 year old female resident turned herself in this morning on a felony theft warrant issued for her arrest.  The 22 year old stands accused of scratching and scanning thousands of dollars in instant lottery tickets while employed at a business selling the tickets.  She was processed and released on court set bond., 12/04/14 2057hrs Police were called to the scene of a disturbance involving a weapon on Paxton Rd between a girlfriend/boyfriend/girlfriend and other family members that had been called to the residence prior to contact with EPD.  On scene it was reported the male involved had allegedly pointed a handgun at two family members during the melee and hid the firearm when 9-1-1 was called.  The handgun was located in the home and collected as evidence.  After interviews and witness statements a 33 year old male was taken into custody for aggravated menacing, a misdemeanor and held for bond which was posted a short time later., 12/03/14 0811hrs the Police and Fire department responded to Thomas Jefferson (my bad) Elementary for a fire alarm. On scene smoke was seen in the boiler room where a compressor had burned but there was no active fire.  Children in the school were immediately evacuated to the Middle School for precautionary measures and returned to their classrooms once the fire department deemed the building safe.  The students created this card for our department:, On 12/2/2014 the Surf Center Staff of Surfside Towers hosted a
spaghetti dinner to raise money for the Eastlake Community Christmas Event.  This program assists families that cannot afford toys for their children. Over 60 people attended and $980.00 was raised. The kids from the Eastlake Police Athletic League were there to support and assist with all activities.
The commitment of the Surfside Towers Staff in helping with the
Community Christmas Event has been immense. All of us at the Police and Fire Department can't express how thankful we are to have their assistance. Their graciousness and efforts will also be felt by members of the community when they receive the toys for their
children for Christmas morning., 12/01/14 1350hrs a 28 year old female resident was arrested for shoplifting $21 worth of merchandise (sunglasses and perfume) from the Dollar General on Vine St.  This same female was out on bond for thefts that occurred on 11/28 and 11/29 from the Dollar General on Lakeshore Blvd. During those incidents she helped herself to clothing, jewelry and misc. household items, such as candles, for a total of 123.22.  She was held on a $3500 cash bond which was paid on her behalf the following morning., null, Let's help Euclid PD get these thugs off the streets., null, null, 11/25/14 we received several nice emails on Thanksgiving from the public and really appreciated all your kind words.  This email in particular especially hit home for us: 

Dear Chief,
Given the events within Missouri and now Cleveland over the last month, combined with the levy failing here locally, I just wanted to take a moment and remind you that there are people within the community that care and appreciate what you and the fellow officers do around here. I know that as a Mom, I have days where it feels like a thankless job that nobody appreciates. But the reality is that my husband and kids can count on me behind-the-scene to make sure they are safe, clean, house is organized, and provided for, etc etc.
You matter to us and our family thanks you for your service and
behind-the-scene work so that I can rest knowing somebody else has to under control.
Thank you. Happy Thanksgiving to you and yours!, 11/27/14 2037hrs an expectant 37 year old mother, who was banned from Walmart earlier in the year due to a disturbance, was attempting to crawl under/next to a cart full of merchandise belonging to a male shopper in the checkout line to gain access to an adjacent checkout line. A comment made to her by another waiting customer angered the 37 year old female who proceeded to crawl back out of the line returning to the 28 year old male assaulting him with a shoe she was holding. She was taken into custody for the assault and criminal trespassing., 11/29/14 1231hrs a female resident of Willowick reported her wallet was lost or stolen while shopping in Walmart.  A review of the surveillance video showed the wallet falling from her cart and a female picking it up shortly after.  The female on the video was contacted and returned the wallet intact to EPD where it was released to the rightful owner., 11/26/14 there has been an increase of theft of packages being delivered to homes in the city.  If you are planning on shopping on line we suggest you try to make arrangements to have someone at your home to receive the packages or have them delivered to an alternate address where someone will be home when or if possible., You'll see some clean shaven faces today - for others the no shave November was extended into no shave December for Officers donating  additional money. This cash will be split between the Eastlake Community Christmas Program sponsored by the Police and Fire Departments, the Police Athletic League, and employees of Eastlake. The other half will be donated to a family in the name of Andy Allan., null, Please call the Police Dept 440-951-1400if you know who owns him. Friendly male dog red collar . Thank you, 11/25/2014  0300hrs a 34 year old male was taken into custody early this morning after officers received a call of a disturbance at the Vine East Apts.  The male who is not a resident, came to the apartment of a 40 year old female acquaintance demanding to be let in the home pounding on the apartment door. Once the door was opened the male assaulted the female when he was asked to leave. The female’s 17 year old son attempted to stop the assault on his mother and was also assaulted  along with his 16 year old sister. Other residents of the apartments began opening their doors as the disturbance spilled into the hallway. They were also egged on and confronted by the male.  The male was arrested for two counts of assault, criminal damaging and disorderly conduct held on $3500 which has not been posted., The power outage is from a tree that fell on electric lines Woodland and Lakeshore fire department is on scene and the power company advised., 11/23/14 a juvenile has been charged with felony arson by EPD based upon the completion of Fire Investigative Unit’s report from the fire department involving a large house fire on E 337th that misplaced a family of five in October of this year.  Fire Departments from Willoughby, Willowick and Mentor assisted with the fire that occurred at 5:20pm.  The Red Cross was also contacted to assist the family. The case has been turned over to Juvenile Court in Painesville., 11/23/14 0046hrs a fight in progress was dispatched to a bar on Vine. On arrival a 31 year old female was laying on the ground with her 61 year old father standing over her. Witnesses reported the two had been drinking in the bar, became intoxicated and were told they no longer were being served. The two became loud and belligerent and were escorted from the bar.  Once in the parking lot it was reported the two “charged” the 43 year old male that removed them from the establishment. The 61 year old was taken to the ground while the female continued the assault by punching, scratching and biting the male. Both were taken into custody for disorderly intoxication with the female additionally charged with assault., Police give tips to keep holiday shopping safe
By Matt Skrajner, The News-Herald 
With the holidays approaching, police are giving advice on how to keep those holiday gifts safe from criminals. The Lake County Sheriff’s Office has not seen an uptick in home break-ins during recent months, but as more people move to online holiday shopping some criminals are adjusting.  Sheriff’s Capt, Carl Dondorfer said that during the past month there have been about six to eight reports of packages being stolen from outside of homes.  Deputies were able to locate one of the packages close to the home from where it was stolen, but the contents had already been removed,  Dondorfer said. “I expect it to only increase as we get closer to the holidays,” he said. Add in the recent time change, and criminals may get more active. “Most people working during the day might not be home yet (by the time the sun sets),” Dondorfer said. “If you’re expecting packages, try to have someone home to accept it.”He also recognized that having someone home is not always possible, so neighbors need to be vigilant and keep an eye out for any suspicious activity.   If two people are trudging through multiple backyards or someone who is not wearing a delivery or post office uniform is walking away from a home carrying a package, don’t be afraid to contact police, Dondorfer said.  Willoughby Police Detective Lt. James Schultz said that protecting one’s home from burglars is similar to protecting one’s car. Doing the simple things, like locking doors, windows and keeping valuables out of sight can go a long way in thwarting potential criminals, he said.   “It’s generally a crime of opportunity,” Schultz said. “They look inside there and see something of value that they want. If they don’t see anything, they usually move on.”  Home owners should also consider leaving a light or two on when away to give the appearance that someone is in the home, he said.  Schultz also said to always stay aware of potential scams, which are often perpetrated by criminals coming from out of town. Make sure anyone who comes to the door, including people claiming to be from utility departments, has proper ID and is usually wearing a uniform or driving a company car.  “(Actual employees) have no problem waiting for police to arrive,” he said. “It’s the criminal that will try to speed things up or distract you.”, 11/19/14 attempted burglary report taken in the 800 block of Quentin Rd. Person(s) attempted entry by removing glass from the door to gain access to the door lock. It is believed to have occurred between 1am and 5am., We received a donation of $285.00 from the Timberlake Police Department which was given by their 11 officers who are participating in No Shave November.  This money will be added with what we have collected to help fund Leukemia Research in the name of Andy Allan., 11/18/14 Chief Reik and Principal Mrs Aber from Longfellow Elementary following the completion of a successful lockdown drill. No concerns or violations were found,  Job well done., Lake County Captains to Host Holiday Lighting & Winter Fireworks Event on Saturday, December 6

(Eastlake, OH) – The Lake County Captains, the Class A affiliate of the Cleveland Indians, are proud to announce the inaugural Classic Park Holiday Lights & Fireworks Show that the organization will host for the residents of Eastlake and Willowick on Saturday, December 6 from 6 PM – 8 PM.

The event, which is funded entirely by the Captains at no expense to the City of Eastlake or Willowick, will kick-off the holidays in style for the community as attendees will enter Classic Park through the main gates which will have holiday decorations, lights and a 14-foot Christmas tree decorated for the season.

Inside the stadium, Santa, Mrs. Claus and Skipper will be on hand to take photos with youngsters of all ages. All three characters will arrive to the party on board City of Eastlake and City of Willowick fire trucks.

“Given the response that we receive each year with the free community Independence Day fireworks show that we host for both cities, we expect that the response will be just as positive for this unique holiday event,” said Captains General Manager Brad Seymour. “We are very excited to provide this experience for residents of Eastlake and Willowick and open up Classic Park at this time of year to enjoy the holidays.” 

The Captains will host an arts and crafts area where children in attendance can decorate ornaments that they can hang on their Christmas tree.    

The Willoughby-Eastlake school system will provide caroling groups throughout the evening and the in-park video board will feature holiday video clips and holiday music.

Attendees will also enjoy complimentary coffee, hot chocolate, cold beverages and snacks, all of which will be served while supplies last during the event. 

The Captains open the 2015 season on April 10 in Lansing before returning for the Classic Park Home Opener on Sunday, April 12 against Bowling Green. Affordable ticket packages are available for purchase now and more information may be found at www.CaptainsBaseball.com., null, 11/15/14 0353hrs attempted burglary occurred in the 1100 block of E 340th – a male, described as younger wearing a dark hoodie (unknown race) attempted to gain entry into the home by pushing up a screen and forcing a window by a back patio. The homeowner heard noises, opened the door seeing the suspect who then fled the area through a neighbor’s yard. The suspect was not located., 11/15/14 Many members of the community brave the winter element to all pitch in and get down all of the 500 flags in about 25 minutes. Job well done to all who participated., null, There will be a gathering at the Boulevard of 500 Flags at 0900 on Sat Nov 15th to take down the flags.  This usually is well attended and is done in a short time.  Please join us tomorrow near the gazebo, refreshments will be provided.  

Chief Reik, 351.16  RESTRICTING MOTOR VEHICLE PARKING DURING SNOW REMOVAL.
No person shall park or leave unattended or cause to remain parked or left unattended a vehicle on any street in the City when the snowfall has accumulated to a depth of two inches.  After the snow has accumulated to two inches, a snow ban will automatically be imposed upon the City to prohibit vehicles parking on City streets., Car vs cart or cart vs car thoughts? (this case has already been resolved), On Sunday November 16th there will be a 5k that is sponsored by NE
Ohio Big Brothers and Big Sisters.  This activity will begin at the Captains Club (34820 Vine St) at 0900am for the 1 mile walk and 0920am for the 5k.  The route is Vine to SR 91 to Curtis to E 337th to Vine and back to the Captains Club.  We are hoping to be totally clear by 1000am but SR 91 and Vine will be shut down to one lane.  There will be very restricted traffic traveling West on Curtis and Southbound on E 337th during this time. Please be safe and expect delays.  For more information on the race or to sign up go to us2u.us., 11/12/14 1133hrs a vehicle traveled through the ATM lane of Fifth-Third Bank and drove straight into the wall of H&H Cycle causing a few brick blocks to be knocked inside the building during impact. The driver, an 83 year old resident, was transported by rescue to Lake West for treatment of a medical condition., null, 11/11/14 to the operator/owner of the vehicle responsible for the hit-skip on Reeves Rd, leaving the roadway and striking mailboxes, we have your missing side view mirror -, null, 11/09/14 2036hrs officers responded to the 1100 block E 362nd for a one car traffic crash that had struck a utility pole. It appeared the vehicle was travelling N/B on E 362nd went left of center, left the left side of the roadway, and into a front yard.  After travelling across the lawn, the vehicle struck a utility pole cracking it. In the vehicle, were two open bottles of bud light that were cold to the touch and half full of beer. The vehicle was unoccupied.  Neighbors as well as witnesses directed officers to the home the vehicle owner had fled to after the crash. The 43 year old female was located, arrested for suspicion of driving under the influence and additional traffic violations. She was transported back to EPD where she became very combative, refused to take and sobriety tests, was argumentative, refused to answer booking questions and threw her property at officers.  She was placed into a cell and held on $10,000/10% court set bond., null, Eastlake Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 3863 and Willowick-Eastlake American Legion Post 678 are hosting a Veteran’s Day Ceremony November 11 at 11am at the Boulevard of 500 Flags – 35051 Lakeshore Blvd behind City Hall in the gazebo.  This event is open to the public for all who wish to attend to honor our fallen armed forces members., 11/06/14 1444hrs grand theft auto report taken from E 363rd.   The owner of the 1999 Buick reported the vehicle was parked in front of his business earlier in the morning and it was discovered missing at time of this report.  The caller reported the car was disabled and had to have been towed from the parking lot by the suspect(s)., 11/05/14 1552hrs a resident in the 34000 block of Sylvia Dr reported upon arriving home from work this afternoon it was discovered the home had been burglarized. Missing from the home are several small electronic items including a cell phone and iPad.  It is believed the suspect maybe a family acquaintance., 11/05 0724hrs officers responded to a reported breaking and entering at the Boost Mobile store on Vine St. The front window of the business was shattered with a large chunk of concrete where the suspect/suspects made entry removing several small electronics, accessories and a cash register. Incident is under investigation., 11/04/14 1606hrs Iven Booker, 46 of Cleveland was arrested on a probable cause warrant for a charge of felony forgery.  In July a male went to Drug Mart wanting to cash a payroll check from an automotive group. The check was made out to Iven Booker. The clerk feeling the check was spurious made a copy of the check along with Booker’s driver’s license. As the clerk called for the manager the male fled the store. The picture on the license matched the male on store security video. Booker is being held at the Lake County Jail on $10,000 cash bond., We are saddened by the results of the tax levy for the city which would have maintained our current level of services that we provide.  We ask for patience and understanding from the public if we do not provide the same services that we have in the past.  With all of the comments on this site I am amazed that I did not get one call or e mail to clarify any information that was being given as fact.  I will remain available and will answer any private message to this site, e mail or phone call with suggestions on how to provide the basic services that have been requested.  I will not respond to public posts.

Chief Larry Reik
440 951-1400
lreik@eastlakepd.org, More participants in the “No Shave November” reference the earlier post dated 10/31/14: Ptl. Clayton, Ptl. Thompson, Ptl. Roberts, Det Christian and Ptl Isabella.(Not pictured Disp. Kevin Brodzinski) We’re happy to report Timberlake PD is joining us with their donations also going to the Leukemia charity fund in memory of Andrew “Andy” Allen. Thank you also to those that have sent in private donations., Change your clocks and its a good idea to change your batteries in your smoke detectors at the same time., 10/31/14 10/31/14  A little Halloween fun at North High School the costumes are great!, Beginning November 1, 2014 EPD will be participating in “No Shave November”.  Officers participating in this fundraising event each donated to a Leukemia charity fund in memory of Andrew “Andy” Allen, an Auxiliary member of this department who passed September 25, 2014. Pictured (left to right) are Ptl Korun, Det Bowersock and Lt. Gonzalez. Participating and not pictured are Ptl Clayton, Ptl Thompson, Ptl Tryon, Det Christian, Sgt Hauser and Ptl Roberts.., TBT - At one point in history there was not rivalry between North High and South High all students attended the same school.  Pictured  is Willoughby Union High School. It was replaced in 1958 by Eastlake North High and in 1959 by Willoughby South.  Who remembers their football team name?, LETS GET READY TO RUMMMMBBBBBLE!!!!!!, 10/27/14 1806hrs officers responded to the area of Erie and Admiral for a vehicle traveling at a high rate of speed that struck a guard rail and was driving through the ditches witnessed by a resident. On arrival, seeing the suspect vehicle still traveling at a fast rate of speed now E/B on Erie, overhead lights were activated on the cruiser that pulled onto the center divider line in the roadway. The operator of the suspect vehicle drove off the right side of the road into the ditch area to navigate around the cruiser. A second cruiser performed the same maneuver and the vehicle stopped. There was fresh damage, mud, dirt and grass imbedding into the vehicle yet the driver denied being in an accident or to have been drinking. The 53 year old female resident was taken into custody for OVI due to her inability to complete roadside sobriety testing.  Score .254, null, null, 10/28/14 Chief Reik attended a two hour presentation on ways to improve our Facebook page.  This training was conducted by Chief Oliver from Brimfield Police Department. He is funny and genuine as you could imagine if you follow their page., 10/27/14 0203hrs officers were dispatched to a tavern on Vine St for a male that allegedly brandished a handgun while in the bar. Prior to arrival the male had fled the scene in a vehicle traveling on Waverly Rd. An officer observed the suspect vehicle pull into and out of a driveway on Waverly and pull into another driveway further down the street. A traffic stop was initiated however the male exited his vehicle and fled on foot through an open gate and over a chain link fence towards a wooded area. The male was located lying by a patch of bushes a short time later by Willoughby PD’s K-9 Rebel and taken into custody. Willowick PD also assisted in the investigation. The male, 35 year old James Goff of Euclid was held without bond until arraignment on 10/28. He is facing felony charges of having a firearm in a bar, weapons under disability, obstructing and assault on a police officer. He was additionally charged with a misdemeanor altering the identification on a weapon., 10/27/14 0025hrs EPD responded to the 1000 block of E 357th for a female advising her dogs woke her up when they started to bark and when she looked the window she thought she saw someone in her yard. On arrival a 50 year old male from Avon Lake was found sitting under the caller’s bedroom window who advised he “had a bad day and drank a lot”. He was unable to articulate how he ended up at this location. The male had to be assisted from his seated position and to the cruiser due to his high level of intoxication. He was taken to EPD charged with disorderly conduct by intoxication and held until sober., 10/24/14 1256hrs a 71 year old Willowick male was arrested for disorderly conduct and having a weapon while intoxicated outside of a bar on Vine St. The male was observed attempting unsuccessfully to enter his truck to leave the area. His driver’s door was open and within his reach was a semi-automatic handgun. The handgun and male were transported back to EPD and the male was later released to a relative on an unsecured appearance bond. The weapon was placed into property until a review of the males CCW permit is conducted by the Sheriff’s office., 10/23/14 2355hrs officers responded to car into a tree on Woodland Dr. A blue Mustang went through a fence, struck a fire hydrant causing the left front wheel to come off, and then struck a tree.  Both occupants had fled the scene on foot.  During reconstruction of the accident it was determined the vehicle was traveling at 59 MPH when it struck the fence and 25 MPH when it struck the tree. The passenger was located hiding in a shed in a backyard, the driver was not located that night but turned himself in the following morning. The 24 year old male driver was cited for speed and hit-skip. Alcohol is not thought to be a contributing factor in the crash., Trick or Treating for Eastlake residents is Friday Oct 31, 2014 from 6pm to 8pm. Please be extra cautious while driving during these hours. The North/South high school football game hosted by the Rangers will be played on Thursday, October 30., Citizens of Eastlake,                            
In order to continue our commitment to keep you informed of the city’s financial state the following chart shows full time staffing in 2000, 2011, and 2014. The staffing cuts shown have already taken place and unfortunately more staffing cuts will have to be made to keep the city solvent. We have also provided a chart pertaining to the city’s general fund receipts so that you will have a better perspective of what the city is facing. 
Increasing taxes is never a popular thing and we are attempting to do our best to continue to provide with you with the best city services possible under the circumstances. Unfortunately like many of you are aware that inflation has still increased and our general operating funds have decreased. Some of this was due to the States budget actions, which affected many municipal governments’ tax bases, including Eastlake’s, and the reduced workforce income tax of the First Energy plant.
While we have continued to tighten our financial belts, we are finding that if we attempt to tighten more without your help, it would mean the loss of additional city services, and that is not something we want to do. We want to continue to provide with the services that you need and want in order to keep our city a safe and viable community.
Please mark your calendars and come to the next Town hall meeting at City Hall, which is scheduled for October 29, 2014 at 6:00 PM to learn more and have discussion with your city administration. 
Thank- you for your consideration,
Eastlake City Administrators, 10/22/14 0931hrs EPD responded to Surfside Convenient for a report of property damage. There was a broken window on the front of the building caused by a blue Ford driven by a 22 year old female from Painesville. The driver reported she just finished putting air in the tire and drove around to pull into a parking spot. When she attempted to park the car she pushed on the brakes but the car didn't stop striking the building.  As her car struck the window a piece of the window frame fell out and hit the passenger side of a blue Mazda parked next to the Ford in the parking lot damaging the vehicle. The driver of the Ford was transported to Lake West for treatment of minor injuries., 10/20/14 2327hrs officers responded to a car fire on SR 2 W/B just west of SR 91.  A Wickliffe PD officer was already on scene and the driver, a 55 year old male from British Columbia, was sitting in the back seat of his cruiser. The car was fully engulfed and extinguished by EFD.  There was heavy damage to the front of the vehicle and when asked, the driver stated he was in downtown Willoughby, returned to his car, a 2015 Chrysler rental car, and noticed the damage. Willoughby PD checked the area the driver reported he was at and discovered a freshly damaged pole along with the vehicles license plate. After failing field sobriety testing the male was arrested charged with OVI. Score 0.144., 10/19/14 2015hrs EPD received information that a male was using and had in his possession illegal drugs, possibly heroin at his place of business.  At the business the 28 year old Willowick man was confronted by officers with the allegation.  The male readily admitted having an opiate addiction and reported he had injected heroin earlier in the day at his residence. A search of his property revealed one loaded syringe, one empty syringe and paper containing rocks of heroin. The male was placed under arrest for possession and drug instruments and held without bond pending his court appearance., 09/17/14 2050hrs burglary report taken in the 900 block of E 348th.  The resident reported they left the home at approximately 7pm and upon arriving home shortly before 9pm found their home had been entered with jewelry being the primary item stolen. Under investigation., 10/16/14 2226hrs a 41 year old female operating her vehicle on E Overlook Dr circled the cull de sac, traveled left of center and struck a parked vehicle head-on. The female, who had the odor of alcohol about her person, was asked to exit her vehicle for sobriety testing however the tests were unable to be performed due to balance and focusing issues. She was placed under arrest on suspicion of driving under the influence. During the booking processing she refused to submit to breath testing. If convicted this will be her third OVI offense., In reference to the open letter that has been posted: We are trying to provide the information to people so they know what the future will hold. We will not debate each aspect of this levy within this format but I am always open to speak with you via phone 440 951-1400, e mail lreik@eastlakepd.org, or in person. We are having town hall meetings on the next two Wednesdays at city hall at 6:00pm if you would like to attend. Please make sure you have all of the information to make an informed decision. If you do post negative comments on this page please be respectful but do not expect a specific response. Chief Larry Reik, 10/16/14 - An open letter to city residents from the Mayor's office, 10/15/14 2349hrs EPD responded to the 33000 block of Willowick Dr on the report of a hit-skip accident.  The resident reported she parked her Pontiac in the road in front of her home and later discovered someone had hit the car. There was heavy damage to the rear-end with blue paint transfer, the back window was blown out and the vehicle was pushed approximately 15ft from the original parking space. During patrol an officer located a blue Dodge truck with fresh damage parked in the front yard of a residence on Mannering. Unable to make contact with the vehicle owner, the vehicle was towed for further investigation. Report taken., 10/14/14 1614hrs a grand theft auto report was taken from Transportation Outlet on Vine St. The suspect had asked to test drive a vehicle but because he couldn’t provide any identification he was denied. He entered into the vehicle, a black Ford F150, anyway and fled the parking lot. (Previous to asking for a test drive, the truck was started to listen to the engine). Soon after, the dealership was contacted by a female reporting the truck was in a hit-skip accident in E Cleveland, striking an apartment building two times and the female callers vehicle three times. (The only registration on the vehicle was advertisement for the business) Later that evening the suspect, a 22 year old Cleveland man, was involved in a fatal accident while operating the stolen vehicle in Shaker Hts., 10/13/14 1145hrs an extremely honest resident turned in a large quantity of money he located while on a walk on Vine St on this morning. The money will be held for safekeeping and it is not claimed after 90 days the money will be returned to the “finder”. 
10/14/14 1307hrs another resident turned over a computer tablet and game controller he located in his yard on Luanna Dr. If you feel this property is yours please contact the department to identify., 10/11/14 0453hrs officers along with the fire department responded to a one car accident at E 351st and Vine St. Through video surveillance cameras and accident reconstruction the following information was gathered: The vehicle was traveling S/B on SR 91, turned onto W/B Vine St.  The vehicle pulled into the front parking lot at 35125 Vine and circles the building. The vehicle drives into the ditch near E 351st and backs out. A small flame emerges from the front of the vehicle and it enters the same ditch again, just a few feet further up, and gets stuck. The vehicle became engulfed in flames. The FD extinguished the fire and pulled the victim, a 49 year old female from the Youngstown area, from the vehicle. She was Life flighted to Metro listed in critical condition. Our heartfelt wishes for a full recovery to the victim., 10/09/14 1508hrs a 27 year old Las Vegas resident took a gamble along with his accomplice, a 30 year old female from Mayfield, removing a LED TV worth $648 from Walmart. The female was arrested on scene charged with misdemeanor theft. The male was transported to Lake West for a medical evaluation. Warrants were issued for his arrest for the theft upon his release., 10/08/14 a 32 year old Willoughby man was arrested on felony theft charges, accused of removing $2500 worth of metal from behind a business on Lakeland. This same male was out on bond from a similar theft that occurred on E 357th two days prior. He was held on a $15,000 10% bond which was not posted and transferred to the Lake County Jail awaiting arraignment., 10/07/14 0210hrs a female resident sleeping on a couch in the 100 block of Parkway was startled awake by a male walking up a set of stairs in her home. She yelled to the male asking who he was. The male descended the stairs, looked at the victim and walked out an open, unlocked door. Later that morning at 0611hrs a female leaving for work opened her detached garage and found a male sitting inside. When confronted the male denied being in the garage and walked out. In both instances the male is described as a black male, 18-25 years old wearing a red hoodie, blue jeans and tennis shoes. A search of both areas produced negative results. Special thanks to Euclid PD K9 unit for their assistance., 10/08/14 1100AM Lake county is conducting the monthly siren test., 10/08/14 0804hrs this department received a call of an opossum in a callers garage in the 1200 block of E 340th that was chasing the caller who was attempting to place his child in his car. On scene the animal observed was a ferret, not an opossum. The injured animal was transported to a nearby animal hospital by the responding officer for treatment.  If you or someone you know lost their pet contact EPD for further information of where you can reclaim the animal., Our newest Officer Ptl Shirey teaching bicycle safety PAC 105 what great students!, null, 09/29/14 31 year old Lacey McNeely, currently of Painesville, was arrested on felony probable cause warrants for theft of a credit card. McNeely is accused of stealing the credit card in August of 2014 and using the card to withdrawal approximately $500 from various locations. Due to the age of victim (elderly) this crime is enhanced to two additional felony counts of unauthorized use of the credit card. McNeely was transported to Lake County Jail after she was unable to post a $5000 cash or surety bond., 09/29/14 A 27 year old female resident was arrested for theft from mail on a probable cause warrant during a traffic stop where she was also cited for driving under suspension. The original theft occurred 08/22/14 when the female allegedly removed a package that was delivered to her neighbor’s door. The package containing $100 worth of merchandise was recovered inside the female’s residence and returned to the rightful owner. She was held on $3500/10% court set bond which was posted today., 09/26/14 1913hrs these thieves hit a new low, even for a thief – while attending a wake at Monreal’s Funeral home two vehicles had the windows broken out of their vehicles and had property stolen. The thieves promptly used two stolen credit cards prior to the theft being discovered. Currently under investigation., 09/25/14 1005hrs 29 year old Co Chung, a resident, was taken into custody after accepting a package through the mail containing marijuana. Confiscated from Chung was approximately 2 kilos of marijuana and $2100 in currency. He was charged with a third degree felony and held without bond. He was released the following day on court set bond., Hello! My name is Brittney Cassi and I am the Volunteer Services Program Manager for the Lake County Council on Aging. The Council on Aging is very much in need of volunteers. I am reaching out to the community in hopes that we can work together to make the community aware of this need. If possible, could you please post the following message on your page? The seniors in Lake County would greatly appreciate it!

“Seniors in the Lake County community need your help. The Council on Aging is looking for volunteers to help with the Meals on Wheels program as delivery drivers or kitchen assistants. The CoA is also looking for friendly visitors and grocery shoppers for homebound clients. If you, or someone you know, could spare an hour or two a month, please contact the Volunteer Services Manager at (440) 205-8111 or brittneyc@lccoa.org.”, Okay back to normal traffic, 09/28 1210hrs the traffic lights on SR91 at Glen Dr and Roberts. Rd are not functioning traffic is shut down westbound on Lakeshore from SR 91. CEI is currently on scene please avoid that area if possible, On 092514 Our department lost Andy Allan who was a important part of our family.  He was an auxiliary officer for over 5 years and during my career I have never seen a part time employee have such an impact on the department.  
He worked with our juvenile diversion program and was a major contributor to our community Christmas.  During the end of 2013 and this year he spearheaded the fundraising and coordination of the Eastlake Safety Town and saw to it being utilized for the first time in over a decade.  He was also the Civilian Employee of the Year in 2012 for the department.  
Andy touched all that he knew and was always around helping out with a new project or cause.  His concern for people and his ability to get things done was greatly admired and will be sorely missed.
Please keep his wife, two daughters and all of his family and friends in your thoughts and prayers.  Rest in peace my friend.

Chief Larry Reik, 09/23/14 1422hrs report of a stolen vehicle report was generated by a resident on Parkway. At 1628hrs that vehicle was stopped by an officer on patrol near the police station.  The driver, 56 year old Deborah Seal was taken into custody for the theft of the vehicle, possession of heroin, and theft and forgery of checks all felonies. The passenger, 31 year old Joseph Rose of Cleveland was taken into custody for possession of heroin. Seal and Rose had an additional passenger, 29 year old Stephanie Gayle of Cleveland that they had dropped off at Walmart prior to being stopped. Gayle had been arrested for shoplifting, possession of cocaine and drug abuse instruments shortly before the arrest of Seal and Rose. During the course of the investigation, due to discrepancies, the original complainant was called in for an interview. The 68 year old complainant admitted to filing a false police report reference his vehicle being stolen as he had given permission for Seal to take his car. He was allegedly upset they were gone to long purchasing his crack cocaine.  He was arrested on misdemeanor charges of filing a false police report and released on bond., Due to the overwhelming response for those wanting to attend this event a second presentation is in the works.  As details become available they will be posted.  There is a waiting list for the first presentation scheduled for Tuesday Sept. 30, if you are registered and now cannot attend please contact Michelle at 440-975-4252 so we can fill your seat. Looking forward to seeing everyone next week., null, You can dispose of all unwanted or no longer needed prescription drugs in the drug disposal bin located in the front lobby of the police department., null, Reference the post below –(09/20/14 0453hrs)  a camera was among the property recovered from the thieves. Here is one picture from that camera, we are hoping to return the property to the rightful owner., 09/20/14 0453hrs a resident on Willowick Dr reported he believed someone had entered his vehicle parked in the driveway.  While checking the surrounding area EPD stopped two males walking on Stevens Blvd. The males were identified as a 17 year old male from Willowick and a 27 year old male with no permanent address.  After a short investigation it was determined the two males had entered several random vehicles along Waverly, Willowick, Quentin and Parkland before being detained. Some property recovered was returned to the rightful owners that morning however we still have some property that remains unidentified.  The males were charged with theft from vehicles and criminal tools. The adult was held for bond and the juvenile released to a parent., 09/19/14 1702hrs a male in custody on a theft charge called a buddy to pick up his car keys from EPD so his vehicle would not be towed from his arrest location. The friend, 23 year old Christian Pate from Cleveland, arrived at EPD, gave his identification for the property release and was promptly taken into custody on a felony probation violation warrant from the Cuyahoga Sherriff’s department., 09/18/14 1739hrs breaking and entering report taken in the 36900 block of Lakeshore Blvd. The complainant reported person(s) unknown entered the vacant residence removing copper tubing from the walls causing approximately $2000 worth of damage. Nothing else was missing from the home. Possible suspects seen in the area by witnesses are three white males operating a gold vehicle with a loud muffler. The last direction of travel was Lakeshore and onto St Lawrence., 09/19/14 looking for the owner of the pictured wheelchair that was turned into the station yesterday morning from Vine St. Also turned in was a backpack containing personal items – unrelated to the wheelchair, from E 365th.  440-951-1400, More information from this morning’s pursuit: 09/18/14 0158hrs officer on patrol was checking on a vehicle he observed traveling very slowly on Lakehurst. The officer initiated a traffic stop and the vehicle fled. Once the vehicle made its way out of the surfside area it continued to flee W/B on Lakeshore Blvd.  In Willowick, Willowick PD officers attempted to use spikes to stop the vehicle, however the spikes were avoided. At this time it was verified the suspect vehicle had been stolen earlier out of Euclid. The vehicle continued W/B on Lakeshore reaching E 185th where the driver was unable to negotiate a S/B turn on to E 185th causing the driver to lose control traveling off the right side of the roadway and striking two utility poles. Both the driver and passenger fled on foot. A foot pursuit resulted in the capture of the 16 year old passenger who was later transported to Metro for head and facial injuries. The driver is still at large. The passenger was charged with felony charges including receiving stolen property and criminal tools. Investigation is on-going.  *The pictures shown were taken at a distance due to live wires from the two poles on the ground and vehicle., 09/17/14 0331hrs an officer doing a walk thru of Walmart was alerted by employees of a possible shoplifter. The male, 36 year old Jose Mitchell of Cleveland was approached, asked for identification and suddenly fled from the store. Officers engaged in a foot pursuit but lost sight of the male. A review of the video revealed the vehicle the suspect drove to the store. An officer watched and waited for the male to return to the vehicle. Approximately an hour later a truck pulled next to the suspect vehicle entering that vehicle and driving away. (That female was stopped and identified). The male suspect entered the truck driving away. A traffic stop was initiated but the vehicle continued on at the posted speed limit not stopping. The vehicle finally stopped at E 305th at a red light, a vehicle in front of him and material on the curb side of the road prevented him from fleeing any further. He was taken into custody charged with felony theft ($1,608.44 worth of cell phones concealed in a diaper box), felony tampering with evidence and several misdemeanor charges including resisting arrest and a warrant this department held for him for a prior offense. He was held without bond until arraignment today., Two teens crash stolen minivan after two-county police chase into Cleveland, closing E. 185th St

One in custody. One in the hospital.

By: Mike Vielhaber 

CLEVELAND - A police chase that started with officers trying to stop a stolen minivan in Eastlake ended when the teen driver crashed into a utility pole at East 185th Street and Lakeshore Boulevard in Cleveland.

The chase went straight down Lakeshore through Euclid until the teen crashed.

According to Euclid police the minivan was stolen from their city.

Eastlake police say the minivan was stolen by two 15-year-old boys. One was arrested and the other was taken to the hospital. 

The pole was sheared off at the base and a portion of the pole hung from the wires over a business parking lot.

East 185th Street south of Lakeshore Boulevard is closed until the pole can be replaced. Cleveland Public Power is at the scene.

The teen was transported to MetroHealth Medical Center in stable condition., More pics of Mentor's suspects, someone has to know them, 09/15/14 1958hrs officers responded to a motor vehicle accident at Waverly and Vine St.  After identifying the drivers, one male, 34 year old Russell Diturno was taken into custody on a felony probable cause warrant issued by EPD for theft of drugs stemming from an incident that occurred in May at Walgreens. Diturno is accused of calling in a drug prescription belonging to another and picking up the prescription. This was learned after the owner of the prescription attempted to fill the script and was told by pharmacist techs it had already been filled. Through video surveillance the male was identified and warrants issued. He was held on court set bond of $7500/10% and later released to the custody of Mentor PD to face additional charges with their city., null, null, For those of you that have sent private messages due to a glitch on the page we are able to read them but not reply. As soon as the problem gets resolved your questions will be answered or you can call into the station and someone will help you., 09/13/14 1455hrs a 45 year old Cleveland resident was taken into custody for a theft from Walmart. Bobby Weatherspoon is accused of stealing $673.89 worth of Cleveland Browns merchandise. Weatherspoon initially fled on foot from a vehicle and Willoughby and Willowick PD’s assisted with K9 Yager and K9 Rebel top search for the male.  Businesses and bars along Vine St were provided with a description of Weatherspoon due to at that time we did not know who the male was or why he was running. The male was apprehended at 1645hrs after entering the BP station on Vine and employees alerted officers. Other parties involved did not flee the scene. He was charged with theft, driving under suspension and obstructing - all misdemeanors.  He was held on bond which was posted on his behalf on 09/14/14., 09/12/14 1559hrs officers responded to the 400 block of St Lawrence for a vehicle that traveled over several yards. On arrival a gold Toyota was parked on the street with a garbage can wedged under the front bumper.  A 27 year old male, who was identified as the driver, was picking up trash in one of the driveways. The male claimed he did not know what happened that he may have fallen asleep at the wheel and struck the garbage cans. The male was given several field sobriety tests which he failed.  The male was transported to Lake West hospital for a blood draw and released with a citation for failure to control. Driving under the influence of alcohol and/or drug charges are pending blood analysis report., null, null, null, null, Support Group For Women of Domestic Violence
 Every Monday Night 6:30-8pm

 Group is free and held at the Eastlake Police Department
 35150 Lakeshore Blvd.

 This group is a confidential support group for women who are currently in or who have been in an unhealthy relationship.

 Please call the Eastlake Victim Advocates at #(440)975-4252 if you would like to attend group or have any questions.

 If you are a male and would like to attend a support group for domesticviolence please call. We can offer support by phone or one on one assistance by appointment. We also have information on groups in the area for men who are in unhealthy relationships and would like to attend a local support group, null, We have reached our capacity for attendance for this presentation.  We will be taping the presentation and putting in on YouTube to view.  We will let the public know when this is available., null, Support Group For Women of Domestic Violence
Every Monday Night 6:30-8pm

Group is free and held at the Eastlake Police Department
35150 Lakeshore Blvd.

This group is a confidential support group for women who are currently in or who have been in an unhealthy relationship.

Please call the Eastlake Victim Advocates at #(440)975-4252 if you would like to attend group or have any questions.

If you are a male and would like to attend a support group for domesticviolence please call. We can offer support by phone or one on one assistance by appointment. We also have information on groups in the area for men who are in unhealthy relationships and would like to attend a local support group., THE 13th ANNIVERSARY OF "NEVER FORGET 9/11" 
 The City of Eastlake, American Legion Post 678 and VFW Post 3863 will hold a memorial service in honor of THE 13TH ANNIVERSARY OF "NEVER FORGET 9/11" on Sunday, September 7th at 11:00 a.m. at the Boulevard of 500 Flags.  Everyone is welcome to attend., THE 13th ANNIVERSARY OF "NEVER FORGET 9/11" 
 The City of Eastlake, American Legion Post 678 and VFW Post 3863 will hold a memorial service in honor of THE 13TH ANNIVERSARY OF "NEVER FORGET 9/11" on Sunday, September 7th at 11:00 a.m. at the Boulevard of 500 Flags. Everyone is welcome to attend., null, 08/31/14 this department is currently investigating two burglaries that occurred during the overnight hours, one in the 1000 block of Waverly and the second in the 33000 block of Willowick Dr.  In both instances the suspect entered the home by forcing the screen of an open first story window. Only small items were taken including a minimal amount of cash from a purse that was taken from one home., LABOR DAY WEEKEND-RESIDENT FREE SWIM 
 

Labor Day Weekend - Pool Open to all Eastlake Residents FREE Sunday, August 31st and Monday, September 1st - Noon to 7:00 p.m., The Eastlake Police Department would like to extend our condolences to the friends and family of Hillary Sharma., Up coming presentation on heroin and it's effect on the community for those who are interested in attending. Also, as mentioned below a memorial board is being constructed in memory of those that succumbed to this addiction if you wish to participate., 08/28/14 EPD is also seeking the public’s help in identifying the two pictures women who stole a Willowick resident’s wallet containing cash and credit cards. The two women then used the credit card for 100’s of dollars at a CVS in the city of Euclid. Pictured also is the vehicle they were driving on the day of the incident., 08/28/14 pictured is the female accomplice to a theft post involving Anthony Lewis who was arrested for stealing 100’s of dollars of merchandise from Walmart that was posted on this page as 08/22/14 1726hrs.  If you can help identify the female call or message this department reference report 1401313., 08/27/14 Sometime during the evening hours of 08/26/14 a silver Saturn Ion pulled into Cleveland Auto Pro Leasing at 35043 Vine and struck three parked vehicles as well as the building while attempting to turn around. (As seen on video) Damage involving the three cars is $650. Under investigation, null, 08/26/14 over the weekend one set of iPod speakers were turned into the station found on SR 91. Identify the contents inside to retrieve your property., 08/24/14 2129hrs a 36 year old Concord male was arrested for driving under the influence after striking a home on Delores Dr. He admitted he was attempting to peel/squeal his tires and lost control of his vehicle which drove off the left side of the roadway across a residential lawn striking a flag pole and the front of a home. There was approximately 300ft of skid marks in the roadway. The damage to the home led into one of the front bedrooms where an elderly male was in bed. There were no injuries to the driver, passenger or two residents inside the home. The operator of the vehicle failed field sobriety testing and refused to submit to a breath test., 08/24/14 1358hrs a female came to EPD to report her neighbor in the 1200 block of E 340St, a 38 year old male, was standing in his open doorway exposing himself to her each time he saw her outside or through her living room windows. The female was able to photograph this males actions and turned the pictures over to EPD. An officer then entered the complainant’s home through a back door and as soon as the suspect male saw the female home, he again participated in his lewd behavior this time unclothed and in full view of the hidden officer as well as the female. The male was arrested and charged with two counts of indecent exposure and held on a $2000/10% bond which has not been posted., 08/22/14 2155hrs a 79 year old Wickliffe woman is facing felony forgery and misuse of a credit charges for using a stolen credit card and signing the card holders name at Bingo at the Eastlake Community Center.  An officer working at the Bingo game watched as the female swiped the credit card five times withdrawing $200 on each transaction. The female spelled the last name of the card holder incorrectly and different each time.  The female, who pretended to be the card holder, eventually confessed to finding and using the card solely for Bingo.  After the investigation was complete, she was released. She will turn herself in once warrants are obtained for her arrest., 08/22/14 1726hrs 44 year old Anthony Thomas of Bedford was arrested for shoplifting a $299 vacuum cleaner from Walmart. A check of Thomas’ information showed he also had  four additional warrants for theft through this department for stealing air conditions and clothing from Walmart on 07/25 valued at $721.26. E Cleveland and Cleveland Hts also have additional charges on Mr Thomas.  He is being held on a $10,000 cash or surety bond which was not been posted., null, null, null, null, 08/18/14 1900hrs EFD and EPD responded to a call of a structure fire at the Town Laundromat, 34371 Vine St. On arrival smoke was seen coming from the roof area and was visible through the front window of the closed business. Neighboring city fire departments were called for mutual aid getting the fire under control by 1915hrs and extinguished by 1925hrs. The cause of the fire is under investigation by the Fire Investigative Unit. Damage estimate is approximately $20,000., 08/18/14 1615hrs EPD and EFD responded to a vehicle vs pedestrian accident on Lakeshore Blvd at Stevens. A 57 year old male was standing on the shoulder looking at objects on the tree lawn when a vehicle, operated by a 54 year old Wickliffe woman, veered off of the roadway striking and injuring the male.  A witness had to chase down the other vehicle which drove away after striking the male. While speaking with the female she displayed numerous signs of possible intoxication. She was placed under arrest for driving under suspension and lanes of travel. She was transported to Lake West for a blood test - further charges of driving under the influence of alcohol/drugs are pending test results. The victim was also transported to Lake west for treatment of non-life threatening injuries., 08/18/14 1201hrs an officer responded to Surfside Convenient reference a theft that had just occurred.  A intoxicated male entered the store attempting to sell tomatoes to customers. He then asked the store clerk for a bag to place his tomatoes in, which was provided. The 50 year old male proceeded to the beer isle and “bagged” a can of beer before exiting the store stopping nearby to enjoy his beverage. The male was arrested charged with disorderly conduct by intoxication and held at EPD until sober., null, 08/16/14 1459hrs a concerned family member reported to EPD a mother and her small children left the residence they share together on Vine St in a vehicle after the mother had consumed alcoholic beverages to the point of impairment. The vehicle was located parked on Waverly Rd in a driveway. The female operator had exited the vehicle prior to officers arriving. In speaking with the female, a strong odor of an alcoholic beverage was observed to have been coming from her breath, her speech was slightly slurred and at times she had difficulty maintaining her balance.  When asked she advised she had been drinking. The 30 year old was arrested charged with child endangerment and held for bond. A relative responded to the scene to take custody of the baby and 7 year old., 08/14/14 Walmart generously provided grant money to Big Brothers and Big Sisters of Lake County who coordinated with local law enforcement agencies to provide a Shop with a Cop program with Lake County children for back to school supplies.  Two of our Officers, Ptl Clayton and Ptl Korun donated their time to participate in the program. 

http://fox8.com/2014/08/15/children-get-police-escort-in-hunt-for-back-to-school-goodies/, null, The Eastlake Historical Society is accepting reservations from local vendors who would like to participate in the second annual Eastlake Society Historical Flea Market.  This event will once again be held behind Eastlake City Hall (35150 Lakeshore Blvd) at the Boulevard of 500 Flags grounds on Saturday, August 30, 2014 from 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.  Proceeds will go toward restoring the Albracht hunting lodge located behind the Boulevard of 500 Flags. For Vendor Application Directions follow the link at http://www.eastlakeohio.com/, 08/11/14 1503hrs officers responded to Willo East Jewelers for a theft complaint. A male suspect entered the store inquiring about a jewelry purchase. The store owner briefly walked away from the male to retrieve paperwork for a purchase the male wished to make. The suspect reached into a display cabinet during this time removing merchandise valued at $5,280 and fled the business., 08/11/14 0729hrs a resident in the 1200 block of E 345th reported during the overnight hours persons unknown jumped his fence  and sliced his 16 ft inner pool liner and a 15 ft trampoline causing approximately $600 worth of damage/replacement cost.  Report taken, 08/10/14 1306hrs 9-1-1 call of boat in distress – the caller, who was on board the boat, reported he got too close to the wall and cannot get away from it causing his boat to repeatedly strike the wall by CEI. There were no life vests on board.  Prior to Eastlake rescue launching their boat a civilian boater located the boaters in the inlet area and towed them into the mouth and into the river where they were able to dock for the night., 08/10/14 1457hrs an officer responded to the area of Waverly and Willowick Dr  on the report of a male who was bleeding from the head and possibly intoxicated. The male 44 year old Wickliffe male was located on Waverly bleeding from a scrape on his cheek. The obviously intoxicated male stated “he fell down for a little while.”  He was unable to provide any personal information including a correct address of residence. He was transported to EPD and placed into a cell until sober charged with public intoxication., TBT the year is 1989 – pictured here are members of the Police Department that is all but one – this person stopped by for a visit on that day, 08/06/14 2106hrs officers responded to a one car accident in front of the daycare center, 36100 Portage Dr.  A Ford truck was wedged in the ditch/drainage area on the side of the road.  According to witnesses, the operator of the truck, 41 year old Cornelius Valentyn, had swerved to avoid an oncoming vehicle, landing in the ditch in front of the business. Valentyn attempted to accelerate rapidly resulting in the truck digging deeper in the sewage area of the ditch. The other vehicle did not stop nor was it located. Valentyn was subsequently arrested for driving under the influence, a felony if found guilty, due to five prior DUI convictions. He refused a breath test and was transported to Lake West for a mandatory blood draw.  He was held without bond pending arraignment., 08/06/14 1707hrs a 52 year old resident returned home from a 30 day stay at the county jail and reported his truck was stolen from his driveway sometime while he was away.  It was discovered through a witness his 24 year old son had sold the truck for scrap to a salvage company.  Investigation is continuing…, null, 08/02/14 0111hrs EPD units responded to Forest Dr on the report of two males fighting in the roadway. On arrival officers separated the males and learned from witnesses that the two males were in the Off Shore Bar enjoying adult refreshments.  A 21 year old resident began provoking a 59 year old Kirtland male. The 21 year old was removed from the business with the 59 year old following him. Outside the business, the older male removed his dentures continuing to escalate the disturbance.  The younger male removed his shirt and shoes and the two engaged in a mutual combat.  The intoxicated combatants were taken into custody for disorderly intoxication and held until sober., 08/01/14 1500hrs 33 year old Valencia Harris of Cleveland was arrested on felony charges of theft by deception. Harris is accused of stealing more than $10,000 from Rally’s between May and July. She was processed at EPD being held without bond pending arraignment., 07/31/14 2107hrs EPD and EFD responded to Lakeshore and Christine Ct for a vehicle vs motorcycle accident. A vehicle traveling W/B on Lakeshore Blvd made a left turn onto Christine failing to yield for a motorcycle that was traveling E/B on Lakeshore. The operator of the motorcycle, 32 years old from Painesville was unable to stop striking the side of the vehicle. The driver, who was not wearing a helmet, sustained serious head injuries. The operator of the vehicle was given traffic citations for driving under suspension and failure to yield. The 32 year old Willoughby male was given a $1500 unsecured appearance bond and released., TBT – this is the door from a cruiser from the year 1991. Officers were involved in a high pursuit on SR 2 with an armed robbery suspect. Six police vehicles were rammed by the suspect's vehicle or forced into the median. The suspect was apprehended when he fled his inoperable vehicle on the freeway on foot., 07/30/14 0722hrs at 0722hrs officers responded to SR 91 S/B AT SR 2 for a hit-skip accident that had just occurred. The victim vehicle was in the right turn lane to enter SR 2 when it was struck by a white Pontiac in the left rear sending it into the guardrail. The Pontiac fled the scene. Witnesses provided a license plate number that was close to the actual plate. Dispatch ran the plate in a different sequence was able to locate the suspect vehicle. The suspect was called and responded to the station with his damaged vehicle. The 19 year old male was cited for hit-skip and assuring clear distance and released., 07/29/14 1628hrs patrol units responded to the area of 34800 Vine St for a two car accident that resulted in the arrest of both drivers. A 52 year old male operating minivan ran into the rear of a truck in the turning lane operated by a 26 year old male. The minivan sustained heavy front end damage and was towed from the scene. The operator, believing he was near Lyndhurst, failed several field sobriety tests and was taken into custody for driving under the influence of alcohol/drugs and assuring clear distance. He was transported to Lake West for blood testing, (results are pending) then held in EPD jail on bond. The 26 year old male was given a citation for driving under suspension and released on scene with a $1500 unsecured appearance bond., Lisa Paulten wrote:
Can you please help my friend out  her cat got out a couple of days ago and is missing. The cat is 15 years old very frail. Its a girl and her name is Abby.. She went missing from her home on E 354th close by Stevens Blvd., 07/28/14 a small recap of Sunday’s storm: 2030hrs approximately 150-200 people were evacuated from St Justin Martyr’s festival and Walmart and sheltered in the tornado shelter and lower level of the Captain’s Stadium – river watch had the water rising from 5ft to 8.5ft within an hour receding to 8ft and on its way back down within the following hour (2043hrs – 2240hrs) – residents on Bayshore, S lakeshore and Spindrift reported power outages 2235hrs – at 2309hrs a boat broke free from West Island traveling past the buoy, it appeared to be unoccupied. The Coast Guard was notified, the boat was still afloat upon their arrival and it was able to be towed back to a marina by 0246hrs. This in addition to several other “routine” calls and alarm drops that were weather related., 07/26/14 2238hrs officers were dispatched to the Vineyards to check the welfare of two unresponsive males in a car. On arrival the two males were located, the driver was slumped over onto the steering wheel and the passenger was lying against the passenger side door. After multiple attempts officers were able to rouse the driver who in turn shook his passenger awake. When asked to exit the vehicle, the driver stepped out dropping a bindle of suspected heroin that had been sitting on his lap. The 21 year old Mentor resident was taken into custody on felony possession of heroin charges and held without bond pending arraignment. The passenger was released without charges., City service workers are working with all the pumps the city has on the high water areas. Worst areas are getting help first please be patient, null, TBT, null, 07/24/14 concrete repairs may cause residents to find an alternate routes through their neighborhoods for the next few weeks. Repairs are being completed on Glen Dr and E 341st currently. Listed are the eight areas that will be affected in no particular order or sequence of completion:
- Glen Dr for Iris Ln to SR 91
- Glen Dr from Center St to SR 91
- E 349th intersection at Stevens Blvd
- E 341st intersection at Stevens Blvd
- Waterbury Dr east lane from S Lakeshore Blvd to Clearway Dr
- Riverdale Dr intersection at Ridgewood Dr
- E Overlook intersection at St Lawrence Blvd
- Ridgewood Dr north side from Riverdale to E Overlook, 07/22/14 during the early morning hours several unlocked vehicles were rummaged through on Spindrift Dr. Residents reported small amounts of money and credit cards were taken. Grand theft of a Ford truck report was also taken from Spindrift. The abandoned vehicle was recovered later in day by a Cleveland Vice Unit at East 86th and Kenmore in their city undamaged. The truck was towed back to EPD for processing. Investigation continuing., 07/21/14 1124hrs an employee for Borac’s Landing reported a breaking and entering and theft from the marina. Persons unknown opened and removed an undetermined amount of money from the honor boxes used  for boat ramp fees., 07/21/14 1601hrs a resident at the Eastlake Terrace Apts returned home surprising a burglary in progress taking place at his apartment. The startled burglar was recognized by the victim as 18 year old Anthony Hupp who at that time jumped from a window to escape. Hupp was taken into custody moments later charged with felony burglary. He is being held without bond pending arraignment., 07/18/14 0617hrs breaking and entering report taken in the 35600 block of Vine St. Person(s) unknown entered the building taking small electronic items. This apparently stirs ones appetite as several empty bags of snack foods were left behind – under investigation., 07/20/14 0239hrs this is all that is left of an out building for a boat dock after an undetermined cause of fire at the Chagrin River Yacht Club early Sunday morning on the east bank.  The fire is under investigation. Anyone with any information is asked to call EPD at 440-951-1400., 07/17/14 1933hrs a vehicle exiting SR 2 W/B exit ramp to SR 91 struck the guardrail and fled the scene S/B on 91. There was heavy damage to the guardrail located on the S/W corner of SR 91 S/B and the on ramp to SR 2 W/B. The operator of the vehicle, David Rock 37 of Northfield, was located along with his disabled truck at SR 91 and Euclid Ave by Willoughby PD and also with the assistance of witnesses. Rock was taken into custody charged with a felony driving under the influence of alcohol/drugs due to Mr. Rock’s previous convictions for OVI along with other misdemeanor traffic violations., 07/15/14 1555hrs. a Morris Avenue resident arrived home and surprised two individuals who were burglarizing his home. The suspects then fled north from the residence through the woods between East 337th St. and East 332nd St.
Eastlake Police, who were assisted by Willowick Police and their K-9 unit, converged on the area and were assisted by area residents, who pointed out the last known locations of the suspects. Eastlake police officers were able to locate both suspects and take them into custody.
The two individuals arrested were Jeremy J. Allen, age 31, who has no listed address and Sarah M. Hennessey, age 31, from Madison, Ohio. Both have been charged with burglary and several other charges. They will be arraigned in Willoughby Municipal Court on their charges., On the lighter side this morning: 07/15/14 officers were sent to a house on E 360th to assist with a raccoon that was half in and half out of the garbage can.  When we arrived two raccoons were found inside a Rubbermaid garbage can. One of the raccoons was trapped inside a hole about 14 inches up from the bottom of the can and was frantically trying to pull itself free.  It was using is claws and teeth in an attempt to extricate itself from its precarious position. The other raccoon was allowing the trapped animal to use its head to push itself out of the can but this was not working.  The animal that was not trapped was visibly upset with officers as they tried different means to remove his friend.  After unconventional means were exhausted a snare was used to capture and release the raccoon in the bottom of the can.  Next the trapped raccoon was secured by the snare and a larger hole was cut into the garbage can.  When this larger hole was made the trapped raccoon was able to be pulled out of the can and released along with his friend taking nothing with him but an unbelievable story to tell his raccoon friends., 07/13/14 1937hrs officers responded to SR 2 W/B west of SR 91 for a hit skip accident. A vehicle, described by a witness as a tan or gold Toyota, possibly a Camry, entered SR 2 from SR 91 traveling at a high rate of speed. The Toyota cut across two lanes of traffic striking a Mazda on its passenger side causing the vehicle to strike a Chevy Blazer in the next lane that was towing two jet skis.  Both vehicles spun out of control landing in a ditch. O’Connor’s towing responded to the scene to wench both vehicles out of the ditch, the drivers did not report any injuries. Investigation to continue., 07/11/2014 a resident reported for the last year someone has been stealing gas cans full of gas from his shed. A lock was placed on the shed and each replaced gas can was again stolen.  A neighbor, who had a relative staying with him, recently, banned the 24 year old male from his home. While cleaning the room the male was staying in, the neighbor located several empty gas cans belonging to his neighbor. The 24 year old was arrested for petty theft and held for bond. His explanation was he used his relative’s car during the day replacing the gas in the vehicle so no one would know., 07/12/14 1551hrs EPD is investigating a daytime burglary that occurred in the 1200 block of E 349th. The suspect(s) entered the home via a window, grabbed immediate valuables then fled the scene through a rear door.  Referred to Det Bureau for follow up., Power has been restored in most areas crews are still working to get the city on full power, 07/15/14 Erie Rd is now open in both directions, CEI crews are on scene., 07/15/14 Eastlake residents – we are aware of the power outage in the city. Two primary lines disconnected from a pole at 950 Erie Rd. CEi is aware of the situation and are working on the problem. There is no estimate on when the power will be restored. Also, some traffic lights are out also, treat them as a four way stop., At 18:42hrs this evening, Eastlake Police/Fire Departments received a 911 call reporting a house that was actively on fire on Lakeshore Blvd near St Lawrence Blvd.  Eastlake Fire responded and was able to extinguish the fire with the assistance of the following fire departments: Willoughby, Willowick, Wickliffe, Willoughby Hills, Mentor, Kirtland, Euclid, Highland Hts, and Mayfield Village.  Eastlake officers assisted with traffic control during the incident.

The residents were able to get out safely prior to the arrival of safety forces and have been set up with the red cross for emergency essentials. The official cause of the fire has not yet been determined and is under investigation., null, 07/08/14 The Eastlake Police Department welcomes Officer Ross Shirey who was sworn in at last night’s council meeting.  Officer Shirey was selected after an extensive search and hiring process which began in January following the retirement of a fellow officer.  Officer Shirey is a recent graduate from Lakeland Police Academy. We look forward to his tenure with the department., 07/07/14 1338hrs this department is investigating a hit-skip accident that occurred on Vine St in front of the BP station near SR 91. The suspect is a male operating a green ninja type motorcycle that ran into the back of a vehicle. Recovered from the scene was a broken part of the rider’s helmet that was observed hanging from the handlebars of his bike. He was last seen fleeing from the scene W/B on Vine St., 07/03/2014 at 0447 hrs the Eastlake Police Department received a call from a female that her Silver 2011 Jeep Liberty had just been stolen from 1472 E 337th.  The victim was getting ready for work and had just gotten into her car when she was approached by a white male asking for a cigarette.  The victim turned away and then turned back to find that the male had pulled a hat over his face and was demanding that she get out of her car and leave the keys and her phone.  The victim complied and as she walked away from the vehicle, she observed two other persons getting into her car as well. Shortly after receiving the call, and after the three occupants of the stolen car made a detour to pick up two other persons, the vehicle was spotted crossing SR 91 at Stevens.  Eastlake officers attempted to stop the vehicle on Stevens Blvd. but the driver refused to stop and proceeded to SR 2.  Eastlake Police pursued the stolen vehicle on SR 2 until it exited at Lloyd Rd and then continued west on Lakeland Blvd into Euclid.  The vehicle then led officers south on E. 260 St. into Richmond Heights, east into Willoughby Hills, and then south on Bishop Rd into Highland Heights and Lyndhurst before finally stopping. The Jeep was occupied by 18 year old Eric Hannas, 2 juvenile males, and 2 juvenile females.  It was later learned that the three males were present when the Jeep was taken from the victim and they stopped to pick up the two females.  The five were planning to run away because two of the males had pending court cases that they were trying to avoid.  All five individuals were aware of the plan to steal a car and run away and all are facing charges related to their roles in, and knowledge of the incident. Hannahs along with the 2 male juveniles were charged with robbery and grand theft auto. The 2 female juveniles were charged with complicity., 07/03/14 0035hrs officers responded to an assault complaint at the Handlebar involving a 30 year old female who assaulted a 46 year old female rendering her unconscious. The 30 year old, who had fled the scene after the assault, was stopped on E 346th and taken into custody for the assault and driving under the influence. The assault victim was transported to Lake West ER for treatment of her injuries. The assailant was also transported to Lake West for injuries she sustained a short time later however she fled the hospital room prior to treatment. She was additionally charged with felony escape charges and arrested the following day., We hope everyone who attended the fireworks had a good time. it was wonderful to see all the people that attended. The fireworks were great !!, This 10 speed Tarantula Raleigh bicycle is chained to the fence at the Eastlake Public Library.  If this bike belongs to you or you know who it belongs to please contact the Eastlake Police Department, AT 0037HRS ON 07/02/14 OFFICERS RESPONDED TO A ONE CAR CRASH ON E.344TH ST.  THE VEHICLE , A WHITE 2014 FORD MUSTANG GT, HAD BEEN TRAVELING AT A HIGH RATE OF SPEED ON E.343RD, IT WENT THROUGH THE STOP SIGN STRUCK A UTILITY POLE, A STOP SIGN AND A FIRE HYDRANT.  THE LEFT REAR WHEEL AND AXLE LANDED IN A YARD AND STRUCK A MERCEDES.  WHEN OFFICERS ARRIVED WITNESSES ADVISED THE TWO PEOPLE FROM THE VEHICLE HAD FLED ON FOOT.   THEY WHERE APPREHENDED A SHORT TIME LATER HIDING IN A BACK YARD ON E.346TH.  ALTHOUGH BOTH PARTIES BLAMED EACH OTHER, EVIDENCE ON SCENE AND INJURIES DIRECTED OFFICERS TO THE VEHICLE OWNER WHO WAS CHARGED WITH OVI.  THE PASSENGER WAS CHARGED WITH OBSTRUCTING. THEY ARE BEING HELD UNTIL BOND IS POSTED OR THEY WILL BE ARRAIGNED THIS MORNING IN COURT., ON 07/01/14 1753hrs a resident from Galalina Blvd advised that his unlocked garage was entered sometime overnight and a chop saw was taken.   There are no suspects at this time.  Please keep belongings locked up., ON 07/01/14 1229hrs a resident from Ridgewood Dr. advised that on Friday 06/27/14 her unlocked vehicle was entered and a GPS was taken.  A report was generated in hopes that the property is located.  Residents please keep your house, garage and vehicles locked., FOURTH OF JULY FIREWORKS 
 

In cooperation with the City of Willowick, the Lake County Captains and Corporate Sponsors, the City of Eastlake will have a fireworks display on July 4th at Classic Stadium.  Gates open at 7 p.m. with piped-in music.  Concession stands will be open.  Fireworks will begin at approximately 9:30 p.m., On 07/01/14 0048hrs Several calls were made to EPD about a large fight that started in the parking lot of Maple Park Apts and moved over into the Walmart lot.  Upon arrival officers advised this was an argument that started earlier in the day in Mentor.  The parties were separated, the three juveniles involved were cited for curfew and released to their parents., On 06/29/14 1327hrs   A resident reported that his vehicle and money were taken from his residence. He believed that the female he was letting stay at his house had taken the vehicle and money.  With assistance from Euclid PD, the female was located in their jail and the vehicle was located in Cleveland., ALERT: Vine St westbound from SR 91 to E 348St will BE CLOSED for traffic from 1pm today for approx. one hour for the parade as well as side streets along the parade route. Please use alternate routes during this period., On 06/28/14 at 1pm the Summerfest parade kicks off from North High School, 34041 Stevens Blvd. Note a new procession route this year: E/B on Stevens from NHS, South E 347th, East on Eastlawn (behind Longfellow Elementary), South E 349th, across Vine St ending in the City parking lot at the Captain’s Stadium (next to the Captain’s Club restaurant., 06/27/14 the Eastlake Summerfest Festival  being held at SR 91 and Vine at the Captain’s stadium begins today at 4pm until midnight, Saturday noon until midnight and Sunday from noon until 10pm. Hope to see you all there -, 06/26/14 0233hrs report of a private property accident in the parking lot of the Eastlake Tavern. A 34 year old male operating a pickup truck stated he had a few drinks elsewhere and was stopping at the tavern to end his night.  While parking he struck a wooded table along with a vehicle next to his truck. He placed his vehicle in reverse rolling backwards and struck a second vehicle. He at that point pulled into the main lot awaiting EPD arrival. The cooperative male readily admitted he had too much to drink. He was taken into custody charged with driving under the influence and reckless operation. He was processed and held on court set bond.  Score .242, 06/25/14 sometime in the overnight hours person(s) unknown entered several vehicles on Waterbury. Stolen were GPS units along with a laptop.  Please secure your vehicles in your driveways., 06/23/14 a burglary report taken in the 200 block of Bayshore that occurred sometime in the early morning hours. Entry was made through a sliding glass door into the kitchen area where a cell phone and purse were reported stolen. Under investigation., null, 06/21/14 0257hrs a vehicle traveling S/B on SR 91, according to witnesses, began driving on the berm. Just before Glen Dr the vehicle went off the right side of the berm, began sliding in the grass next the vehicle rotated clockwise striking a utility pole. The operator of the vehicle, a 35 year old female resident was arrested for suspicion of driving under the influence, failure to control and consumption in a motor vehicle. Score .146, 06/20/14 0024hrs officers responded to the area of Waverly and E 331st on the report of a male assaulting a female. On arrival the male was located leaning against a telephone pole, the female was no longer on scene but was located unharmed and declined to pursue any charges. The 28 year old male form Painesville staggered as he walked and spoke with extremely slurred speech. He believed he was in Painesville walking home “around the corner.”  The male was taken into custody for public intoxication for his safety. He still couldn’t be convinced he wasn’t in Painesville. He was held until sober., null, 06/19/14 0101hrs officer responded to the 1300 block of E 340th for an unauthorized use of a vehicle. The victim gave the keys to her car to a male acquaintance who was detailing her car in her driveway in exchange for a ride home to Painesville.  The victim fell asleep and when she woke the male and the vehicle were missing. Another officer in the area spotted the car on Vine St approaching E 340th. The 45 year old male was found to be driving under the influence of alcohol/drugs and was taken into custody. The victim did not wish to purse charges for the unauthorized use. The male refused to submit to a breath test for alcohol levels and was held pending bond., 06/18/14 burglary report taken from the 1600 block of E 361st. Entry was made by removing the glass from storm door and forcing the front door. Money was removed from the home., null, In conjunction with the City of Willowick, the Lake County Captains and Corporate Sponsors there will be a fireworks display on July 4th at Classic Stadium, 35300 Vine St. Eastlake. There will be entertainment starting at 7pm and at approximately 9:30pm the fireworks display will begin., null, 06/14/14 1959hrs another hit-skip vehicle vs. pedestrian accident. This one occurred in the crosswalk at Vine and E 337th. Two pedestrians were crossing in the crosswalk when a truck accelerated forward against striking a 30 year old female with the right front of his vehicle knocking her backwards. A male friend, who was walking slightly a head of the victim, pounded on the hood of the truck to get the driver’s attention however the driver quickly accelerated and fled the area. A witness was able to provide a valid license plate. Officers responded to the driver’s residence and cited the male resident, who at first was not forthcoming about the accident, for hit-skip and failure to yield to a pedestrian.  The victim was treated on scene and released with minor injuries., 06/16/14 perfect day for bike patrol! Children getting “caught” wearing a bicycle safety helmet are subject to a reward today by this officer., Safety Town Graduation Day 2014, 06/11/14 1037hrs units responded to a hit-skip accident on Waverly at E 331st with reported injuries. The victim vehicle was traveling N/B on Waverly and was stopped at the stop sign at E 331st. The suspect vehicle, a silver Monte Carlo also traveling N/B on Waverly, rear ended the stopped vehicle, backed up and fled the scene. As the victim was being treated (later released on scene) by rescue, officers from EPD and Willowick PD were able to locate the suspect vehicle parked behind a home on E 332nd. The 30 year old male driver was taken into custody for the traffic violations and held on $3500 cash bond due to an out of state residency. The driver claimed to have “pounded beers” once he hid his vehicle behind the home, but was found to be under the legal limit., 06/08/14 1745hrs a vehicle being operated by an 18 year old female was traveling S/B on E 332nd.  A 16 year old male pedestrian was running across the street from east to west crossing in front of the vehicle.  The male pedestrian fell backwards to the ground in front of the vehicle which was unable to stop in time and subsequently struck the pedestrian. The 16 year old was transported to Lake West and later transported by life flight to UH with non life threatening injuries., FLAG DAY CEREMONY
Flag Day is June 14th. The Willowick-Eastlake American Legion Post #678 will hold their Flag Retirement Ceremony at the Gazebo behind City Hall on Saturday, June 14th at 11:00 a.m. The public is welcome to attend. If your American Flag is worn out, torn or faded beyond proper use, you can drop it off at the Fire Department or the Mayor's Office at Eastlake City Hall., KIDS SEAWALL FISHING DAY
On Saturday, June 14th, beginning at 9:00 a.m., the CRSA will conduct its annual open fishing day at the Eastlake Port Authority seawall. Boys and girls up to 16 years of age can try their luck at Lake Erie fishing. Perch, bass, sheephead and other lunkers have been caught here by lucky fisherman.
This free program will be supervised by CRSA members. Live bait will be provided and expert fishing advice will be available. Bring your own fishing gear. Lunch for all and door prizes for entrants begin at 11:30 a.m. at the CRSA clubhouse on Erie Road. Pre-registration is NOT required. Meet us at the wall Saturday, June 14th at 9:00 a.m.
For questions, you can email crsafishingclub@aol.com or call 440/942-0252., 06/11/14 sometime over night a person(s) removed two concrete lion statues from a yard on Lakehurst Dr from an elderly resident. They are approximately 70lbs each, two feet tall with a fresh coat of white paint. If you happen to see the statues please call EPD/Ptl Clark or private message this page., 06/11/14 some of the children and volunteers at Safety Town working hard towards their graduation celebration on Friday., 06/09/14 1654hrs officers were dispatched to the area of Admiral and Farragut for a golf cart vs. stop sign accident. On scene were a 14 year old male, the operator of the golf cart, and his two juvenile passengers.  The golf cart was traveling at an estimated 10-15mph when it struck the stop sign sheering the pole at the ground - most likely from prior damage to the sign pole.  The operator admitted to reading a text while he was driving. There were no injuries. In lieu of any charges, the operator of the golf cart will be entered into the juvenile diversion program for community service., Saturday and Sunday (06/07-06/08) Walmart Loss Prevention 8 – shoplifters 0. Five adults and three juveniles, all females, were detained by LP and arrested by EPD. One was a resident, one Richmond Hts, two Euclid, one Lyndhurst, two Cleveland and one from Willowick.  Total amount of merchandise recovered was $1,061.11.  Most were either able to post their own cash bond or had it posted on their behalf. Great job as always by our Loss Prevention Officers., 06/06/14 1710hrs a hit-skip accident involving an 11 year old bicyclist occurred on Lakeshore Blvd at Reeves Rd. The suspect vehicle was stopped at the red light on Reeves Rd and proceeded to turn right on red as the bicyclist entered the intersection striking him then leaving the scene. The suspect vehicle is described as a small 4 door, make and model unknown, mint green in color, being driven by a white female with shoulder light sandy blond hair who appeared to be in her 50’s.  The vehicle was last seen turning right onto HillcrestThe juvenile was treated on scene for minor injuries by paramedics and released to a parent. ., 06/05/14 2322hrs officers responded to a domestic situation in the 1300 block of E 340th. On arrival a female was heard yelling for help and what sounded like either a punch or a slap. As the officer opened the door the female was pushed through the doorway by the male with the male charging after her. The female was able to run to safety as the officer stepped in front of the female. The male turned his anger on the officer and immediately began to fight. The male, 46 year old Ronald Cesa, once subdued, was taken into custody charged with felony domestic violence and felony assault on a police officer. He is being held on $100,000 cash bond. This morning he began a 45 day commitment at the Lake County Jail after being sentenced from an incident that occurred in March where Cesa chased a female down Vine St brandishing a machete. This same male was also arrested and charged with assault on a 19 year old male on 05/29/14., 06/02/14 REMINDER – if you are planning to attend a Captain’s game over the weekend do not park in privately owned lots during the game. Vehicles that park there will be subject to being towed by the property owners., 06/06/14 a partial week in review: two suspected heroin overdoses resulting in one arrest and charges pending on the other, this being his 5th overdose that we are aware of. Six shoplifting arrests from a combination of Walmart and Drug Mart recovering $613.24 worth of merchandise. Underage consumption resulting in two female juveniles being transported for medical care. We are investigating one burglary – an acquaintance is suspected and a car vs. bicycle – let’s be vigilant with pedestrians and bicyclists this time of year. Fortunately this juvenile suffered only minor injuries., EASTLAKE SUMMERFEST FESTIVAL PARADE
The Eastlake Summerfest Parade will be held on Saturday, June 28 beginning at 1:00p.m. from North High School.  All interested Civic Groups are welcome to be a part of this event. Parade applications are online or can be picked up in the mayors office., EASTLAKE SUMMERFEST 2014
The Eastlake Summerfest will be held on Friday, June 27 from 4 p.m. to Midnight, Saturday, June 28 from Noon to Midnight and Sunday, June 29 from Noon to 10 p.m. at the Captains Stadium at Classic Park on Vine Street.  There will be Food, Rides,
Live Music, Beer and Monte Carlo. For more information go on the city website www.eastlakeohio.com

, 05/31/14 1140hrs officers responded to Mannering Rd on a report of stolen property from an elderly resident. Five credit cards, cash and a TV were missing from the home, the victim’s granddaughter was suspected. A short time later, 23 year old Stephanie Lucas was arrested on felony charges of illegal use of credit cards and possession of heroin. Additional felony charges are pending. Also arrested with Lucas was Lawrence Vanderhoof, 28 of Mentor for possession of heroin., null, HOUSTON-FISHER MEMORIAL POOL OPENS JUNE 15
The city of Eastlake and the Lake County YMCA have partnered to open Jakse pool for the season -  June 15 through September 1st daily from Noon to 7:00 p.m.  Swim lessons will be available at the YMCA and the city of Willowick.  See announcements
on this page for more information.  Pool passes can be purchased at the YMCA in Willoughby. 

LEARN TO SWIM LESSONS - EASTLAKE RESIDENTS
The City of Willowick is offering  a Special Discounted Cost for Eastlake Residents for swim lessons at Dudley Pool.  $60.00 plus a $10.00 ID Card.  Registrations will be held at Manry Activity Center, 30100 Arnold Dr., Willowick.  Call 440/516-3011
for more information.
Lessons will be held from:
8:00 a.m. to 8:40 a.m. & 10:00 a.m. to 10:40 a.m.
Session 1:  June 16 - July 11
Session 2:  July 14 - August 8
Must show proof of residency (Drivers License or Current Utility Bill)

LAKE COUNTY YMCA WEST END
The Lake County YMCA, West End, 37100 Euclid Ave. in Willoughby is offering Youth Swm Lessons.  Session 4 begins June 30th and runs through August 16.  Registration
begins June 12, 2014.  More information on Eastlake Website, Everything sold at the auction today thanks to all who attended. Also special thanks to Gene Mattingly our auctioneer and his wife who make the event run smoothly and enjoyable with his humor., Runners in Eastlake raise money for youth group
Via News Channel 5
Perfect weather for runners! Cool and sunny weather greeted runners in Eastlake Saturday morning. NewsChannel 5's Paul Kiska helped to kick off the Cro 5K run with a ribbon cutting. More than a hundred runners and walkers took part in the inaugural event. Saturday's run raises money for the Zagreb Junior Tamburiitzans. The young musicians and dancers perform Croatian folklore around the country., 05/30/14 0955hrs caller requested a welfare check on an elderly male that appeared to be lost or confused behind the plaza near Rally’s. The 62 year old male from Cleveland checked okay, he was sipping on a 24oz Natural Light waiting for an AA meeting. He was given a misdemeanor citation for open container. At 1242hrs Tri-County Arid Club (AA meeting) called to report this same male sleeping on their property and they wanted him removed. On arrival the male had already left the property on foot. He was advised he was no longer welcome on the property., 05/31/14 EPD has received a couple of calls this morning and this afternoon of reported smoke all over near Lakeshore that appeared to be some sort of fire in the area. The fire department has determined on both occasions that this is an odd weather pattern rolling off of the lake causing the haze/fog., 05/29/14 1947hrs officers responded to the 33000 block of Jennison for an assault report. Two males, 18 and 19 years old pulled into a driveway, and according to their account, a 46 year old male acquaintance ran up to the vehicle unprovoked and began punching the 19 year old passenger about the face/head area. The driver trying to protect the passenger attempted to roll up the passenger side window which was broken during the struggle. The 46 year old male admitted to the “well deserved” assault over owed money. He was held on court set bond for assault charges, the driver declined to press charges for criminal damage to his vehicle., 05/29/14 0635hrs in the early morning hours on this date in the 500 block of Stevens, person(s) unknown broke into an unattached garage stealing various tools and other belongings from the garage and the homeowner’s two vehicles. Five residents in the 33000 block of Guilbert also reported thefts and damage to vehicles. Entry was made into secured vehicles by breaking a window, other vehicles were left unlocked. Still under investigation., There will be the first annual Croatian 5K run on Saturday May 31 at 8:30am. Running route is attached. This will create some traffic delays in this area from 8am until approximately 10am. Westbound Lakeshore Blvd and southbound SR 91 will not be affected during this time. If you plan on attending the police auction scheduled for Saturday as well, plan accordingly., 05/28/14 1112hrs yet another fraud: a male reported a friend contacted him through facebook about winning $150,000 and that he is also a winner on the list. The friend told the complainant to “friend” a certain person on FB which he did, to collect his winnings. He was messaged by this person to send $1500 to process his winnings but he negotiated it down to $600. When he did not receive his winnings he contacted his friend and found out their FB account had been hacked. Report forwarded to the complainant’s bank for their investigation., 05/28/14 North High senior pranksters were busy last night creating a livingroom/lounging area on the school's front lawn..., 05/27/14 1631hrs a 35 year old male from Cleveland was arrested at Walmart after attempting to steal $338.60 worth of DVD movies. The male was detained by loss prevention until the arrest by EPD. He was processed and held on court set bond of $3500/10% which was not immediately posted., 05/24/14 2126hrs officers responded to a vacant home on E 354th on a report of two vehicles in the drive and a male passed out next to the home. On arrival one male was found passed out on the ground, a second passed out in a chair.  Both were woken up and identified. Both appeared to be under the influence of alcohol and/or drugs due to their demeanor. In plain view within a few feet of both males was a syringe, spoon and suspected heroin. In one vehicle was an additional syringe along with syringe covers. Estavon Hill, 24 years old out of Newbury was arrested for possession of heroin, drug abuse instruments and possession of marijuana. The other male, 26 year old Greg Malenda of Mentor was charged with possession of heroin and drug abuse instruments., North High Senior pranksters were busy last night..., null, The holiday weekend from Friday until Monday evening generated 36 arrests with a total of 51 charges being filed. These range from assaults, thefts, forgery, heroin possession, drunkenness to traffic charges such as OVI’s and driving under suspension. We will elaborate on some of these arrests along with the weekend’s reports throughout the day. We are currently working on generator with limited power while CEI is working on our power outage. Telephones including 9-1-1 are NOT effected by the outage., Memorial Day Ceremonies thanks to all of you, we were able to assemble today., null, May 31, 2014 Police Auction located in the Police garage on the south side of the station 35150 Lakeshore Blvd  Eastlake, Oh
Viewing begins at 9am the auction will begin at 10am.
  DESCRIPTION
1 ONE 14K STAMPED GOLD RING
2 UNCLE MIKES SHOULDER HOLSTER SIZE 1
3 WESTERN STYLE BIANCHI HOLSTER, #1890H .38/.357
4 PINK IPOD NANO
5 SMALL SERVING PLATE
6 SERVING BOX WITH MISC SILVERWARE 
7 MISC HAND TOOLS AND BRASS FITTINGS
8 TWO SMALL LED FLASHLIGHTS
9 ONE PIPE CUTTER AND ONE PIPE SHEAR
10 16G 1ST GEN IPOD TOUCH
11 MEN’S FOSSIL WATCH SILVER W/ GRAY FACE AND BAND
12 INFLUENCE WOMAN’S NECKLACE W/ GREEN STONE (COSTUME)
13 MISC BABY CLOTHING TAGS TOTAL $199.97 (ONE PR SHOES SEVERAL BLANKETS, 12 PR SOCKS AND FOUR OUTFITS [3 MO])
14 MISC BOYS BABY CLOTHING TAGS TOTAL $245.50 (6 PR SOCKS, 5 SHIRTS [3MO - 9MO] TWO BIBS, ONE PR JEANS [3MO])
15 ARDEN B. WOMEN’S CLOTHING TAG TOTAL $85.99 (ONE MED BLUE/WHITE SUN DRESS AND ONE LARGE SALMON TOP)
16  NIB APPLE IPAD 2 16G AND ONE NIB PINK IPAD SMART CASE
17  MICHAEL KORS LG SIGNATURE SATCHEL, VANILLA W/ TAG $328.00
18  MICHAEL KORS LG SIGNATURE WALLET, VANILLA W/ TAG $138.00
19  MICHAEL KORS IPAD CASE, BROWN NIB $61.00
20  GIFT BOX DOLCE & GABBANA LIGHT BLUE FOR WOMEN ONE 3.3FL OZ AND ONE .84FL OZ
21  MICHAEL KORS LG TOTE, BLACK W/ TAG $358.00
22  NIB XBOX 360
23  APPLE IPHONE 4 WHITE W/ CASE
24  BLUE FOUR WHEELER GAS POWERED
25  NEW CAMILLUS FOLDING KNIFE 3.5" BLADE
26  MISC COSTUME JEWELRY
27 14 ' PROTECH CITOFF CHOP SAW
28  NINTENDO 3DS W/ MARIO/SONIC LONDON 2012 GAME
29  NIB ONE PLAINT TROLLEY
30  10 NEW PAINT BRUSHES 2" AND 3"
31  HP COMPUTER TOWER (NO HARD DRIVE)
32  HP COMPUTER TOWER (NO HARD DRIVE)
33  TELE RECORDER TAPE PLAYER
34  NEC LCD MONITOR
35  NATIONAL ELECTRONICS MONITOR
36  OPTIQUEST MONITOR
37   DELL MONITOR
38   OPTIQUEST MONITOR
39  NEC MONITOR
40  DELL MONITOR
41  LOGITECH BLACK COMPUTER SPEAKERS
42  MULTIMEDIA SPEAKER SYSTEM
43  PANASONIC CASSETTE TAPE RECORDER
44  AIWA SPEAKER SYSTEM
45  5 STACKABLE CHAIRS
46  TYPEWRITER
47  LABEL MAKER
48  NAUTILUS MACHINE
49  TELEVISION
50  OVERHEAD PROJECTOR
51  AV CART
52  TOOL CHEST
53  PAPER SHREDDER
54  BOAT MOTOR
55  WIRELESS MICROPHONE
56  PANASONIC CHARACTER GENERATOR
57  PANASONIC VIDEO SWITCHER
58  PANASONIC DESKTOP EDITOR
59  JVC DUBBING MACHINE
60  TWO JVC BR-S500V VHS MACHINES
61  JVC VHS RECORDER
62  SONY U-MATIC RECORDING DECK FOR BETA
# THERE ARE 16 BICYCLES FOR AUCTION ALSO, 05/23/14 1912hrs alarmed residents called to report a male had intentionally run over Canadian Geese as they were crossing the roadway on East Island Dr. They also reported there had been several more geese and goslings killed in this area over the last week. The driver, a 72 year old male stated he didn’t know he wasn’t allowed to run them over. He was advised they were federally protected under the “Federal Migratory Bird Act.” The males reply was maybe he would stop running them over if the officer put it in writing for him. Charges will be sought for the male for cruelty to animals through the prosecutor’s office., Thanks to all of you that attended the open house for your interest. It was a beautiful day and we enjoyed talking with all of you., 05/23/14 0413hrs a motorist reported a possible impaired driver approaching Lakeshore on SR 91. While at the red light the suspect vehicle’s operator got out of his vehicle and approached the complainant.  Officer arriving on scene observed as the male operator got back into his vehicle and waited at the green light. He finally turned onto Lakeshore at a high rate of speed going off the roadway. After a traffic stop was executed the male driver was taken into custody for OVI. Back at booking the male, now identified as 22 year old Shanden Demoss of Eastlake, became uncooperative and was placed into a cell which he proceeded to flood with the mattress and his underclothing.  He was removed from his cell and became combative. This resulted in Demoss being placed into time out via the restraining chair. He was charged with OVI, open container, impeding traffic and two felony counts of assault on a police officer., 05/24/14 join us today for the City Open House 35150 Lakeshore Blvd between 11am and 4pm. Plenty of refreshments, entertainment and fun. Meet department members who will be available to give information and answer any questions about what each department provides to the citizens of Eastlake., 05/22/14 this department has recovered a stolen camera and upon viewing the pictures we believe one of these family members is the owner of the camera. If you can identify any of the individuals we ask you either contact them to claim their property or contact Plt Formick at lformick@eastlakepd.org with their identity. You can also private message this page. Thank-you, MEMORIAL DAY CEREMONY 2014 
Monday, May 26th at 11:00 a.m. at the Boulevard of Flags behind Eastlake City Hall with the Washington Elementary School Chorus.  Lunch will be available at the American Legion Post 678 at Noon.  (570 E. 328th St.), 05/22/14 1736hrs officers responded to the area of Vine St and Waverly for a report of an intoxicated male who crashed his bicycle. The male was located next to a tree in front of Willowood Apts sleeping. The male once awake was able to stand but swayed while doing so and mentioned he drank a couple of beers. Located next to the tree and his bike was a cold can of beer in a plastic shopping bag. When asked if the beer was his, he said “no, but I’ll take it if it’s cold.” The 57 year old male, along with bicycle, were transported to EPD where he was cited for disorderly intoxication and held until sober., http://www.tout.com/hashtags/eastlake, 05/22/14 largest motorcycle fleet in Ohio 
Count down to Safety Town  June 9 – June 13
Applications are still available at EPD with limited openings remaining, 05/21/14 via Mayor Morley:
Eastlake residents we have reached a tentative agreement with the YMCA to open our pool this year. There will be a special council meeting 05/22/14 at 5:45pm in council chambers more details to follow., 05/20/14 three disorderly intoxication arrests last night: 2057hrs a 25 year old male was removed and no longer wanted at a residence after damaging a TV and other property belonging to the homeowners. 2153hrs a 47 year old male was an unwanted guest, accused of drinking all the beer at a home on E 340th and finally a 49 year old male was arrested after contacting EPD non stop asking for a ride home even when advised to stop calling. The male along with his bicycle were transported here for the night.  All three were held on misdemeanor citations and released when they were sober this morning., 05/20/14 1318hrs an 18 year old male with no permanent address, formally from Richmond Hts, was arrested for trespassing in Surfside Towers. The male had been previously removed from the building sleeping in the laundry room and warned not to return. On today’s date he was found in the building by the manager again and arrested. He is also suspected of stealing a brand new bike from the area that has been recovered but as of yet no victim has come forward to report the theft., Eastlake Police, Fire and Service Open House
May 24, 2014  11:00am – 4:00pm
Members of each department will be available to give information and answer any questions about what each department has to provide to the citizens of Eastlake.  Tours of departments and displays of city equipment are among family orientated events planned. Refreshments will be available. For questions contact 440-951-1400 ext 233 or email victadv@ameritech.net, 05/20/14 EPD officers, auxiliaries and our intern from Mentor are at the Buckle Down Eastlake – click it or ticket campaign at McDonalds on Lakeshore. Motorists arriving at McDonalds wearing a seatbelt are getting rewarded on today’s lunch hour., 05/16/14 officers responded to a home on Roekby on 05/06/14 at 1728hrs for a complaint of young children left home alone while their parents were in Oregon.  Knocking on the door officers could hear a young child talking and trying to open the door. (Age 3) Officers did not get a response from anyone else in the home so entry was made through an unsecured door. Inside the home another child was heard screaming from a different room and they found a child in a crib. (Age 1).  A 14 year old was found sleeping in a back bedroom. The youngest children were unkempt, both with dirty diapers on and nothing else. There was food and garbage shrew about along with a general environment unsafe for the children. Determination was made by family services to place the children in a relative’s home in lieu of county care to keep the children together. On 05/16/14 the 33 year old mother was arrested charged with three counts of child endangering. She was held on $3500 cash or surety bond., 05/18/14 1557hrs report of hit-skip MVA on SR 91 near SR 2. The victim vehicle’s operator was successful in obtaining a plate number of the suspect vehicle and identified the driver via a BMV photo. The suspect vehicle, being driving by a 39 year old male resident with a child as a passenger, was stopped near his residence. The child was taken to a relative’s home while officers spoke with the driver. He was subsequently arrested for OVI, hit-skip, open container and child endangerment. He was held on court set bond and until sober., 05/19/14 The annual mock car crash at North High School demonstration kicking off prom week for our graduating seniors., Mock Crash North High School 2014- photos courtesy of Mr. AJ Gooch, null, 05/15/14 Thank you for inviting us to career days at Longfellow Elementary!, 05/13/14 a theft report was generated earlier in the month regarding misuse of credit cards reported by a resident. The investigation led to the arrest  of 35 year old Robin Porter, a relative of the complainant. From April to the date of her arrest over $4000 was taken from ATM accounts and credit cards. Porter was charged with four counts of felony theft. She was unable to post court set bond ($50,000 cash/surety) and is being held at Lake County jail., 05/13/14 1706hrs a 23 year old female from Euclid was taken into custody at Charter One Bank for criminal simulation after attempting to cash a fraudulent check for $980.00. The female claimed the check was payment for maternity leave from her job as a health care aide but was unable to provide the name of her boss or the location of the business, which did not exist. She was transported to EPD, processed and held on $3500/10% bond which was not been posted., 05/13/14 1535hrs a 47 year old Cleveland male was cited for soliciting money from drivers in the area of Vine and SR 91. The male, usually outfitted in construction type clothing, has generated complaints from motorists over the past several months that have been approached and typically asked for money as well as a ride to a shopping center in a neighboring community., The Chagrin River Salmon Association is presenting its fourth annual Junior Fishing Clinic May 17. 
Boys and girls will learn techniques and gain information to begin or improve their fishing skills. Knot tying, proper fish handling, fishing pole rigging and casting will be taught by Salmon Club members under the supervision of Ohio Division of Wildlife certified instructors.
Following the indoor... sessions the participants will move outside to test their new skills and actually catch fish in a live fish tank. 
Parents are welcome and lunch will be provided. This free program is open to fourth, fifth and sixth graders 10 years of age and older. 
All activities take place rain or shine at the Chagrin River Salmon Association clubhouse and grounds located on Erie Road in Eastlake, opposite the CEI power plant entrance.
There is no charge for the entire days activities but pre-registration is required as space is limited. Pre-registration forms are available at the Eastlake Mayor’s office and at crsafishingclinic@aol.com., 05/10/14 1128hrs residents on the end of N Parkway near the beach saw two young children, ages 2 and 3, walking alone in their pajamas with no shoes on. When asked, the children said they were going to the lake and did not know where their mother was. When police arrived on scene the children were placed in the back of the patrol car along with a female resident who was helping care for the children. A mail carrier on the street was able to direct officers to a home on Lakeshore Blvd, where he has seen the kids. The children were returned home to their mother in another area of the city after speaking with the relative on Lakeshore. Warrants will be obtained for two counts of child endangering for that relative. Especially during the summer months be vigilant with children due to the increased dangers presented with pools, lakes, increased traffic etc. It only takes a minute for a tragedy to happen. We commend the neighbors on N Parkway who went that extra step to ensure the safely of these children., In 1962, President Kennedy proclaimed May 15th as National Peace Officers Memorial Day and the calendar week in which May 15th falls, as National Police Week. Established by a joint resolution of Congress in 1962, National Police Week pays special recognition to those law enforcement officers who have lost their lives in the line of duty for the safety and protection of others., 05/09/14 1936hrs an officer on scene at Kennedy Academy during the teen dance observed a vehicle operating recklessly (speeding, smoking tires) in the school’s parking lot. The operator then pulled onto the grassy area and parked.  The 31 year old male was administered sobriety tests and was suspected of being under the influence. He was arrested for OVI, reckless operation and driving under suspension - due to a prior OVI offense in February.  He was transported to EPD, processed and held on court set bond of $3500/10%.  Score .141, null, 05/06/14 0751hrs police were called back to 1353 E 354th, the location of the homicide on Monday, to investigate a burglary complaint. Sometime after the crime scene was cleared and the home released to relatives Monday night, someone forcibly entered the home stealing tattoo equipment valued at over $3000. Friends and relatives of the deceased later located the items for sale on Craig’s list. One person recognized the background from the pictures posted as that of a home in the city and notified EPD. Police arrested 28 year old Eric Ruscin, a resident, without incident. The property was recovered and returned to the son of the deceased. Ruscin is being held without bond on felony burglary charges until arraignment., 05/06/14 0314hrs EPD received a call that a vehicle was stopped on the R/R tracks on E 361St unoccupied. On scene officers found the vehicle locked, still running with one tire spinning freely, the owner no where in the area. CSX was notified to stop all trains until a tow truck could remove the vehicle from the tracks. A short time later while the car was being removed from the tracks, the vehicle owner, a 24 year old female from Willowick, returned to the scene. She advised she bypassed all “road closed” signs in an attempt to shorten her commute home. She was cited for driving on a closed road by EPD and also by WPD for the violation in their city., On May 5, 2014 at 16:09 hrs Eastlake police were notified of a possible homicide at a residence in the city, when family members responded to the station with the suspect.
Officers then responded to the residence at 1323 East 354 St., along with Eastlake Fire/Rescue, where they found the resident, Timothy R. Martz, age 54 inside and deceased. The investigation is still on-going, but it preliminarily it appears that the victim had been involved in some type of physical altercation at the residence with long-time friend, Gary Massey, age 43 of Willowick.
The two had some type altercation and when it was over Martz was dead. The cause of death has not been determined. The Lake County Corners office was notified and will be conducting an autopsy.
Massey apparently contacted family members after the incident and they were able to convince him to go to the police station, at which time they met with him and drove him there. He then turned himself in to police without incident and is cooperating with investigators.     
Any questions please contact Chief Larry Reik at 440-951-1400, 05/04/14 1158hrs two males,  a 35 year old from Concord and a 25 year old from Cleveland Hts choose merchandise and paid for a minimal amount at the self check out removing the remaining merchandise without paying. They were gone prior to our arrival but were tentatively identified. About two hours later, the same males returned attempting the same feat but walked outside to a waiting officer and taken into custody. The 25 year old was charged with two counts of theft, the 35 year old with three counts of theft with a charged added for a May 2nd theft. They were both transported to Lake County Jail unable to post bond. Total amount of merchandise was $327.22 which included small electronics, snacks, and a sound bar., 05/04/14 0647hrs three boys, 13, 14 and 14 years old were taken into custody for criminal damage.  A witness observed the boys throwing rocks at light fixtures, damaging two light fixtures  at the Community Center building. The two older boys will have to face their charges in juvenile court due to a prior arrest for damage they caused at Washington Elementary previously.  The 13 year old be recommended to the juvenile diversion program in lieu of court., 05/03/14 1756hrs a series of misfortune followed two 18 year olds before getting arrested Saturday night. The two drove to Quicky’s drive thru on Vine St and while stealing a case of beer accidently knock over a case on display breaking the bottles -they paid for that damage. Store employees realizing the men had stolen beer after the fact, contact EPD to report the theft.  Meanwhile, the two now joined by others, park in the church parking lot on Roberts due to running out of gas. Almost immediately EPD received a call of possible underage drinking at the church. The two were arrested charged with theft, possession of marijuana and underage possession of alcohol., 05/02/14 1459hrs officer in an unmarked patrol car was in the area of E 340th and Vine on a suspicious persons call. The patrol unit pulled into Sunoco as a male with a matching clothing description was walking into the lot.  The male approached the patrol unit attempting to conceal a burning blunt by the side of his leg. The officer exited the vehicle and the 30 year old Wickliffe male dropped the burning blunt by his feet and initially denied ownership. The male was found to have two active warrants for his arrest by other agencies and was placed into custody. He was given a misdemeanor citation for marijuana and released to Cambridge Ohio State Patrol., Shared from Mayor Morley:
VOLUNTEERS NEEDED TO RAISE THE FLAGS
The Eastlake Blvd. of 500 Flags Volunteer Committee will host a work party beginning at 9:00 a.m. on Saturday, May 10th to sort and raise the flags. Please bring gloves and pliers if you plan to volunteer. The work parties are open to anyone. Last year was a huge success many thanks to all of you that volunteered your time. For more information, please contact Joe Strand, Chairman at 440/942-9344. 
., 04/30/14 1307hrs a 72 year old female reported a male she did not know entered her bedroom in the 36000 block of Bayview. She confronted the male who fled from the home.  Officers responding stopped a vehicle matching the description provided by the victim. During the investigation and based on evidence recovered, it was learned this incident began as a drug deal gone bad - drugs stolen by the potential buyer from the provider. This resulted in the arrest of 21 year old Devonte Parks, a resident of Euclid, for felony charges of burglary and trafficking in drugs. Also arrested was resident Matthew Farkosh age 25, for felony complicity to trafficking and a misdemeanor charge of theft.  Parks is being held on $10,000 cash bond and Farkosh $15,000/10% bond., 04/29/14 - Via the News Herald
Eastlake company giving a new roof to someone in need
C&C Roofing of Eastlake is giving away a new roof to someone in need in a program it calls “Roofing it Forward.”
“We feel that we have been blessed with a great business in this economy and that helping a family in need with such a costly and important need is a great way to pay it forward,” the company stated in a news release.
C&C Roofing will have an online submission program starting May 1 and continuing through about June 10. Nominations can be made on the website roofingitforward.com.
Once the nomination period is done, C&C Roofing and other sponsors of the program will meet and narrow the field down to four finalists. From July 1-15, the public will go online and vote, and the finalists netting the most votes gets a new roof.
C&C Roofing plans to have a block party on the day of the new roof installation, which will take place sometime in the last two weeks in July, based on weather forecasts and conditions., 04/28/14 2006hrs report of a male pedestrian hit by a vehicle near the Two Bucks parking lot by a female driver. The male that was down was professing his love for the driver according to the caller. On arrival it was determined the male was intoxicated and “fell over drunk.” The female had pulled forward next to him in the parking lot. Once the male was placed into her vehicle they were sent on their way. (Female was a sober driver.), 04/28/14 1254hrs the EFD, EPD along with mutual aid from Willowick fire responded to a working trailer fire at the Chagrin Trailer Park. Fortunately the residents, a father and son, were not home at the time of the fire. Red Cross disaster services were contacted to determine the needs of the family for further shelter while the fire investigations team remained on scene to determine the cause of the fire., 04/29/14 Rally's at 34001 Vine opens today starting with a ribbon cutting at 10am., 04/27/14 0241hrs disturbance call on Vine St by E 340th between a male and female –  officers approached the male who at this time was alone and heading home. The other person involved was seen stumbling in the E 342nd block by businesses.  As the patrol unit pulled up to the female, identified as a 31 year old resident and regular customer, she had her pants pulled down by a small bare plant to urinate. The female, who was highly intoxicated, became irate and verbally abusive  when advised she could not urinate in public. She was taken into custody charged with indecent exposure and disorderly intoxication., 04/26/14 0204hrs a caller reported the front door of the Best Cuts on Vine St was shattered. On arrival there was a paver rock just inside the business by the shattered door and the cash drawer of the register had been placed on a stool. A short time prior to this call, Willowick PD advised EPD they were investigating a B&E in their city. WPD provided a suspect vehicle description from surveillance photos from their incident. While other officers were responding the area of Best Cuts, one officer initiated a traffic stop on a vehicle matching that of the  suspect vehicle. Upon approaching the driver, identified as 24 year old Jerod Lapraire, he had cuts on his hands, blood on his pants, the steering wheel and dashboard. Lapraire readily admitted to the crimes committed and was taken into custody charged with felony breaking and entering, where he is being held without bond until arraignment., Just a heads up:
newsnet5.com 
Cleveland Police and Dominion East Ohio are warning residents of gas company imposters going door to door. 
According to Dominion, there were several reports of possible impostor activity on Cleveland's east side in the area of E.175th Street. 
To protect themselves from impostors, Dominion says customers should always ask to see a Dominion identification card. All Dominion employees carry a photo identification card and will be happy to show it upon request. 
If customers have any further doubt, they should contact Dominion's customer service center at 1-800-362-7557. A customer service center representative can verify if one of the company's employees is scheduled to work on natural gas service at a customer's home or business., 04/23/14 0954hrs a vehicle that was stolen from Springfield, Ohio was located at an address on E 347th. Springfield PD had alerted EPD of their possible suspect that may be traveling to our city. A third party at the home answered officers knocks and directed them to the upstairs where the suspect, 27 year old Michael Murray and his girlfriend were staying. Murray was taken into custody without incident charged with felony receiving stolen property, to be held without bond until arraignment. The female who choose to hide from officers, was located in a small room entirely filled with clothing and trash.  The door to the bedroom would only open slightly but one officers was able to climb into the bedroom on top of the garbage and clothing piles.  He located a small open gap inside the closet, lifted a garbage bag and could see the 35 year old female. She was placed under arrest on three outstanding warrants, one from Willowick, Macedonia and Lake County SO., 04/23/14 a large industrial flashlight was found in the area of Vine St and E 345th turned in by a Mentor resident – if it’s yours call to claim., 04/22/14 2308hrs officer on patrol executed a traffic stop on a vehicle Lakeshore by Shore Circle due to a loud exhaust. Speaking with the driver, who was difficult to understand through his slurred speech, he acknowledged the need for vehicle repairs. He was asked to exit from his vehicle for field sobriety testing. The male complied and tried to exit the vehicle but forgot to unhook his seatbelt.  He tried several times until he was advised that he needed to unbuckle his seatbelt first. He was later taken into custody, processed and given an opportunity to take a breath test to which he refused. The 45 year old resident was charged with OVI, OVI refusal, loud exhaust and given standard bond of $414., 04/22/14 1326hrs EPD and EFD were dispatched to Ranch Manor Apts on the report of a “female down.”  On arrival officers met the acquaintance of an uncooperative and highly intoxicated female who would not let medics treat her injuries. At one point a fire fighter grabbed the 42 year olds arm to assist her for balance and the female pulled her arm back as if to strike him along with a verbal barrage. She was taken into custody charged with disorderly intoxication and held until sober., 04/22/14 1119hrs report taken for a breaking and entering at the Eastlake Tavern on Vine that occurred sometime in the early morning hours. Person(s) removed counter gaming machines and cash. Under investigation…, 04/22/14 0828hrs EPD received information from Plano, TX PD of a fraud/scam involving a compromised credit cards in their jurisdiction being used to buy merchandise and shipped to a resident on E 351st.  According to the female resident she met a male on line from Sweden. The male began asking her for money, but she refused to send it to him. He then told her he was ordering some merchandise, but due to internet buying restrictions he could not get them mailed directly from the companies and could he have them shipped to her residence. He would supply her with a FedEx account number and she could then re-ship the merchandise to him in Accra Ghana Africa, which she agreed to do. For her help in this fraud, she was being paid with pizza orders that were ordered by him online from a Willoughby pizza store, also paid for with compromised credit cards. The female was advised of the fraud/scam - merchandise that was still in the home was confiscated and returned to EPD., 04/21/14 in March of this year a family reported a theft of a television and computer from their home suspecting their son had committed the crime. At the home while an officer was viewing the area of the void where the television once sat was a packet of suspected heroin. After lab testing was complete a warrant was issued for the 28 year old male who was arrested on 04/21/14. Bond was set at $5000/10% which was not posted. The family located some of their stolen items at a pawn shop in a neighboring city., 04/21/14 a 51 year old Willoughby man was arrested charged with falsification and driving under suspension. The male was originally given a traffic citation for speed in March of this year even appearing at court to waive and pay for the ticket. Soon after it was learned he had used his brother’s identity in order to avoid other charges when stopped. He was held on a $5000 cash or surety bond which was posted on his behalf., We are holding our annual auction at the police department garage on Saturday, May 31, 2014.  Veiwing of the items will be at 9am and the auction will begin at 10am. Below is a list of items (minus the bicycles, they will be posted at a later time)  
POLICE PROPERTY AUCTION, MAY 31, 2014
- ONE 14K STAMPED GOLD RING
- UNCLE MIKES SHOULDER HOLSTER SIZE 1
- WESTERN STYLE BIANCHI HOLSTER, #1890H .38/.357
- PINK IPOD NANO
- SMALL SERVING PLATE
- SERVING BOX WITH MISC SILVERWARE 
- MISC HAND TOOLS AND BRASS FITTINGS
- TWO SMALL LED FLASHLIGHTS
- ONE PIPE CUTTER AND ONE PIPE SHEAR
- 16G 1ST GEN IPOD TOUCH
- MENS FOSSIL WATCH SILVER W/GRAY FACE AND BAND
- INFLUENCE WOMANS NECKLACE W/ GREEN STONE (COSTUME)
- MISC BABY CLOTHING TAGS TOTAL $199.97 (ONE PR SHOES SEVERAL BLANKETS, 12 PR SOCKS AND FOUR OUTFITS [3 MO])
- MISC BOYS BABY CLOTHING TAGS TOTAL $245.50 (6 PR SOCKS, 5 SHIRTS [3MO - 9MO] TWO BIBS, ONE PR JEANS [3MO])
- ARDEN B. WOMENS CLOTHING TAG TOTAL $85.99 (ONE MED BLUE/WHITE SUN DRESS AND ONE LARGE SALMON TOP)
- APPLE IPAD 2 16G AND ONE NIB PINK IPAD SMART CASE
- MICHAEL KORS LG SIGNATURE SATCHEL, VANILLA W/ TAG $328.00
- MICHAEL KORS LG SINATURE WALLET, VANILLA W/ TAG $138.00
- MICHAEL KORS IPAD CASE, BROWN NIB $61.00
- GIFT BOX DOLCE & GABBANA LIGHT BLUE FOR WOMEN ONE 3.3FL OZ AND ONE .84FL OZ
- MICHAEL KORS LG TOTE, BLACK W/ TAG $358.00
-  XBOX 360
- APPLE IPHONE 4 WHITE W/ CASE
- BLUE FOUR WHEELER GAS POWERED
- NEW CAMILLUS FOLDING KNIFE 3.5" BLADE
- MISC COSTUME JEWELRY
- 14 ' PROTECH CITOFF CHOP SAW
- NINTENDO 3DS W/ MARIO/SONIC LONDON 2012 GAME
- ONE PLAINT TROLLEY
- 10 NEW PAINT BRUSHES 2" AND 3", 04/20/14 0237hrs a report of a male and female engaged in a verbal altercation on the roadway on Lakeshore near Hartford. On arrival to the area a female was entering a vehicle which sped away. A traffic stop was initiated on the vehicle and officers were advised two of the four occupants were arguing and the female got out of the car unexpectedly – who from the driver’s account was the designated driver for the night.  Field sobriety testing was completed on the driver and the 22 year old Willoughby Hills man was taken into custody for OVI and other misdemeanor offences.   Score .184, 04/21/14 It is stolen bicycle season – please keep your bicycles secured when in a public area to avoid becoming the victim of a theft. If you or your child has a bicycle stolen we encourage you to report the incident to us. There are times we find or have complaints of abandoned bicycles that we pick up and bring to the station until an owner can be located. After one year if a bicycle is still unclaimed, it will be placed into our annual auction., null, 04/17/14 0253hrs officers on patrol observed a vehicle traveling on Vine W/B at a high rate of speed. The vehicle lost control, went off the roadway over the curb into the lot of Walgreens striking several metal fences and a brick pillar continuing onto SR 91 N/B. The operator drove over the median on 91 now traveling N/B in the S/B lanes then again traveled over the median to the N/B lanes. Officers stopped the car at 91 and Stevens. As officers approached the vehicle the driver turned onto Stevens rolling slowly until it came to a rest near E 349St. The vehicle sustained a flat tire and damage to the front end. The driver, a 24 year old resident, was arrested for OVI, hit-skip and several other traffic violations. He was processed and held for court set bond. Score .194., null, 04/16/14 reminder - tonight at 6:30 pm at City Hall we will be having a community meeting. This is in conjunction with Channel 5 and is focused to help foster more communication within our neighborhoods. Five of our streets were specifically selected but all residents are welcomed.
Representatives from the police department, News Channel 5, the Attorney Generals office, and Next Door App will be present to speak and answer questions. The best way for us to serve you better is by communicating. Please come by for this meeting and introduce yourself. 
Chief Reik, Our Victim Advocates had the opportunity to attend the sneak preview of the play “Complete and Total” a story about a teenager and his slide into addiction. The Fine Arts Assoc. will be performing two shows that are open and free to the public. If you have the opportunity to attend, you will not be disappointed., 04/16/14 Pamphlets related to drug abuse including information on heroin, prescription drugs, relapse, recovery and overcoming addiction are located in the Eastlake Police Departments front lobby. The pamphlets are available for the public to anyone who may benefit from the information. Additional information and material can be obtained through EPD Victim’s Advocate Michelle at 440-975-4252., On April 4th 2014 the unidentified male in the photo used a stolen credit card to make purchases at two businesses in Willoughby and one in Eastlake. In one photo the male is wearing a "Crooks and Castles" jacket. The symbol from the center of the coat has been enlarged and placed next to the photo of the male. The other photo shows the suspect wearing a Columbus Blue jackets hat.
 If you recognize the male or are familiar with him due to the clothing, please contact the Willoughby or Eastlake Detective Bureau and reference this Facebook posting. Sorry about the clarity of the photos, but this is as clear as we could make them., The Ohio Department of Public Safety has created an app called "See Something Send Something."  This is to help all Ohioans to contribute to a safer Ohio.  There is a one button connect to a 911 dispatcher as well as a connection for real time traffic reports and other non emergency needs.  There is a video tutorial available if you are interested at http:/youtube/gv9CZNFHYrs., 04/13/14 1132hrs a motorist attempting to turn around in a driveway on Stevens Blvd accelerated into the driveway accidently driving through a chain link fence. The driver backed up but drove forward once again through the fence and through the sunroom of the home knocking down two walls and finally stopping when the vehicle struck a shed in the backyard. The female was cited for failure to control. The homeowners were not home at the time of the crash – property damage only, no injuries., 04/15/14 some of the roadways are becoming slick - drive carefully, null, Thanks to all of you who participated in the Easter egg hunt on Saturday. It was a beautiful morning and a really nice turn out. See you all next year!, At 6:30 pm on April 16th at City Hall we will be having a community meeting. This is in conjunction with channel 5 and is focused to help foster more communication within our neighborhoods. Five of our streets were specifically selected but all residents are welcomed.
 Representatives from the police department, News Channel 5, the Attorney generals office, and Next Door App will be present to speak and answer questions. The best way for us to serve you better is by communicating. Please come by for this meeting and introduce yourself. 

 Chief Reik, 04/09/14 1633hrs a male attempting to shoplift $139 worth of car accessories fled from Loss Prevention and was not located by EPD upon arrival. A review of the video revealed the vehicle the suspect arrived in and it was subsequently towed. Meanwhile, the suspect, who was now identified, had fled inside a nearby apartment complex and entered an unlocked apartment. He exited the apartment about an hour later now dressed in woman’s black leggings, pink crocs, a pink hat, a jacket and carrying a purse in an attempt to disguise himself.  He had also removed money and small electronics from the apartment then entered into a vehicle that arrived to pick him up. On 04/10/14 the male, 18 year old Romell Hall of Cleveland, came to EPD asking for the tow release for his vehicle. Hall was arrested charged with felony Aggravated Burglary and misdemeanor theft. He was held without bond until arraignment., At 6:30 pm on April 16th at City Hall we will be having a community meeting.  This is in conjunction with channel 5 and is focused to help foster more communication within our neighborhoods.  Five of our streets were specifically selected but all residents are welcomed.
     Representatives from the police department, News Channel 5, the Attorney generals office, and Next Door App will be present to speak and answer questions.  The best way for us to serve you better is by communicating.  Please come by for this meeting and introduce yourself.   

Chief Reik, Join us Saturday April 12 at the Eastlake Easter Egg Hunt from 9:00am to 10:00am rain or shine! It will be held at the Captains Stadium located at 35300 Vine St - gates open at 8:30. Age categories from 5 and under, 6 to 10, and 11 to 14. (Residents only please.)  Sponsored by: The City Of Eastlake, the Lake County Captains and the Eastlake Police Activity League (PAL)., 04/10/14 0415hrs a neighboring community came in contact with a male who identified himself and was found to have an active failure to appear warrant through this city. The male was transported to EPD and booked into the jail - signing all booking forms. While preparing court paperwork, he again was presented with paperwork to sign. The 19 year old Euclid male apparently forgot he had used an alias and signed a different name to the court paperwork which was found to be his true identity. Charges were changed to a felony count of forgery with no bond and he also has three active warrants for his arrest in another jurisdiction., 04/09/14 1441hrs a restaurant on Vine reported an intoxicated female was sleeping at their bar. The 36 year old Willowick resident was awoken from her siesta and transported home., 04/09/14 1421hrs a 37 year old female from Mentor was detained by Loss Prevention at Drug Mart for shoplifting hair products and padlocks. After being placed under arrest by EPD, officers discovered a loaded syringe and packaged heroin among her property. She was charged with the misdemeanor theft and drug instrument charge along with felony charges for the heroin., 04/08/14 Detective Ted Kroczak and Chief Larry Reik speak to area seniors at a local meeting to discuss latest scams and concerns that are affecting our senior community on a daily basis., 04/06/14 0311hrs a vehicle was stopped on SR 91 that was traveling northbound in the southbound lanes near SR 2 with a flat tire. The 34 year old Olmstead Falls male was taken into custody after failing field sobriety testing. He was processed and held for court set bond. Score .220, 04/03/14 0659hrs EPD and EFD responded to Plymouth for a heroin overdose of a 27 year old female. At 1401hrs a 23 year old Willoughby Hills resident was stopped on Vine St for driving under a license suspension. Located in his vehicle in plain sight was a loaded syringe, he was taken into custody for the traffic violations as well as possession of heroin and drug instruments. At 1607hrs EPD and EFD responded to another heroin overdose on Pinehurst involving a 20 year old Mentor resident. Both overdose victims were transported to Lake West once revived., Willoughby man accused of raping boy under the age of 13
By Staff report (News Herald)
Friday, April 4, 2014
A Willoughby man was arrested by Eastlake Police on April 2 after allegedly raping a boy who was under the age of 13.  
Eastlake Police Chief Larry Reik said the crimes allegedly occurred during a one-year period. The department was alerted to the allegations by Lake County Job and Family Services and was soon able to arrest 22-year-old Michael E. Parsh without incident. 
Parsh, of 3965 Kirtland Road, was arraigned in Willoughby Municipal Court on April 3 and was charged with four counts of first-degree felony rape. Magistrate Michael Murray set bond at $50,000 cash or surety, according to court records. 
A preliminary hearing is set for April 8. If convicted, Parsh could spend up to 40 years in prison., 04/02/14 2142hrs officers responded to the 1300 block of E 354th for an assault complaint. Two males, 54 and 30, along with others were enjoying adult beverages in a garage at the residence. Taunting between two males escalated, tempers flared and the 54 year old struck the 30 year old with his walking cane. The 30 year old grabbed the cane, breaking it over his knee then punched the 54 year old that lost his balance falling over a bench striking his head on the floor. The 54 year old was transported for treatment for a laceration to his head. Due to the conflicting stories of the guests and combatants report will be sent to the prosecutor for review of possible charges., 04/01/14 1846hrs another resident has fallen victim to a Nigerian money scam – the 56 year old resident applied for a loan via the internet. “Representatives”   from the company began calling him asking him to send money through Western Union to begin the loan process. The resident applied for a second loan via the internet and the process began all over again. In all the loss suffered was over $5000.
Protect yourself from fraud:
DO NOT SENT MONEY TO SOMEONE YOU HAVE NOT MET IN PERSON or
-to a family member or friend for an emergency  situation you have not confirmed
-to someone you met online
-for a employment opportunity
-for lottery or other prize winnings
-for rental property
-for credit card or loan processing fees, Eastlake Middle School's 5th Annual 12 hour dance marathon for Autism Awareness
Posted: Apr 02, 2014 12:19 PM EDT 
Posted by 19 Action News Digital Team - email 

OH (WOIO) - On April 5, Eastlake Middle School and the supporting community will celebrate autism awareness month by holding its 5th Annual 12 hour dance marathon. 

 Over 175 6th-8th grade (11-14 year old) students (almost 40% of the school population!) have committed to dance and stand on their feet from 12 noon until midnight, without any breaks to sit down and rest, while learning more about autism.

Each student raised $60 or more in sponsorships to be a part of this amazing event.

All proceeds from the event go to International Center for Autism Research at Case Western Reserve University and Share A Vision, which is a charitable organization committed to providing outdoor recreational activities to children with autism.

Because of the students' hard work, over $12,000 has already been raised by these amazing young adults!

Adapted from Penn State's "Thon," which raises money to fight pediatric cancer, "Ness" was started in 2010 to create awareness of the prevalence of autism, while raising money to help find a cure.

Growing since its inception, the Autism AwareNESS dance-a-thon has raised over $35,000 for autism research and programming.

During the dance-a-thon, every hour will be kicked off with a song written and produced by students from the EMS student body with a line dance choreographed by students as well!

Other events during the day include a staff and student talent show, a formal dance lesson by Fred Astaire Dance Studio, and a limbo contest.

Additionally, presentations will be delivered by family members of people with autism, as well as other awareness activities, in order to help students understand autism from different perspectives.

Come to Eastlake Middle School on April 5 to show your support and be a part of this amazing, worthwhile, fun event!

Admission to the event is $1.00 for children, $2.00 for adult visitors and children under 5 are free.

Eastlake Middle School is located at 35972 Lakeshore Blvd., Eastlake, OH 44095.

Like 19 Action News on Facebook for the latest news, weather, sports and giveaways.

Copyright 2014 WOIO. All rights reserved, 04/01/14 EPD property officers transported confiscated drugs, guns, other weapons and miscellaneous property that have accumulated and is no longer needed for court proceedings to a Cleveland area steel plant where the property is placed into an incinerated and reduced to ashes., 2014 Pre-Season Exhibition Game vs Akron RubberDucks on 4/1/2014
Date/Time:		Tue, Apr 1 2014 at 5:00 PM
Home Team:		2014 Pre-Season Exhibition Game
Opponent:		                Akron RubberDucks
Venue:		                Classic Park
 , 03/30/14 weekend alcohol related arrests: two DUI’s - a 17 year old female was stopped for traffic violations and soon after arrested - score .176.  Some of you may have noticed the turfed lawn areas along Curtis Blvd, a  25 year old male was charged with that criminal damage and scored a 143. One 59 year old male asked to be arrested after having a dispute with his wife, disorderly intoxication - granted., 03/27/14 1937hrs officers were dispatched to the area of E 343rd and Vine for a male with a machete chasing a female in a silver vehicle.  The male was located at E 340th and Jennison and stopped. As the male turned to talk to officers he was holding an open beer.  When asked about the machete, the male raised his arms into the air and a machete fell out from the inside of his jacket.  According to the complainant, the male’s girlfriend was in a vehicle in a parking lot with a relative when approached by the male brandishing a machete. As the vehicle fled it was struck with the blade. The 45 year old resident’s account was he wanted to fight his girlfriend’s relative over a prior illegal drug incident. The resident was arrested charged with disorderly conduct and carrying a concealed weapon, both misdemeanors.  He was held until on court set bond of $3500/10% which was posted this morning., Eastlake residents please join in the fun with us and your neighbors! Tickets are going fast!  
 
Eastlake Safety Town Fundraiser
Friday April 25, 2014 starts at 6:00 pm
At the American Legion 570 East 328th Street Willowick
Tickets are $20.00 Includes Dinner with Cash Bar
Side boards, Chinese Auction, and 50/50 games
Guest Announcer will be Danielle Serino from Channel 19 News
Music provided by NRG Productions
If you wish to make a monetary donation or 
Donate items for the Chinese Auction.
Please contact Sherry Brzeski
Eastlake Police Department 35150 Lakeshore Blvd.
440-951-1400, 03/27/14 persistence by EPD patrol, EPD detectives and in collaboration with detectives in Cleveland and the Cuyahoga County Prosecutor’s office 21 year old Johnnie Harris of Cleveland has been arrested for the aggravated robbery that occurred March 3 at Manny’s Place on Vine St in Eastlake. Mr Harris is currently housed at Cleveland PD answering to numerous armed robberies in their jurisdiction., null, Two Bucks Eatery 35400 Vine St (corner of SR91 and Vine) had a soft opening last night and is having its Grand Opening today at 1100.  Please join us in welcoming this new restaurant into our city.  Chief Reik visited yesterday and gave it two thumbs up for value, service and great tasting food.  Stop by and check it out and Good Luck to Two Bucks., The City Of Eastlake along with the Lake County Captains and Eastlake EPAL are sponsoring the 1st annual Easter Egg Hunt for Eastlake residents. 
The event will take place at the stadium, 35300 Vine St
April 12 from 9 to 10am (gates open at 8:30)
Children will be divided into three age groups  0-5, 6-10 and 11-14.
Residents must show proof of residency at the gate., 03/23/14 1346hrs a resident on Beachpark reported a theft from his home of a gun and money. Officers on scene were shown a standing gun locker with the top pried open.  There were obvious pry marks around the door edges in the upper left corner, and the door was warped as if the door had been pried open while the bottom lock was still secured. A family member was suspected due to a known substance abuse. The 25 year old male later turned himself in to EPD. He was charged with possession of heroin, safecracking, theft of a firearm and petty theft. The $800 taken was spent on heroin – the firearm has not been recovered., 03/22/14 2134hrs officers responded to the 900 block of E 349th for a reported fight. A female standing outside pointed out two males who had caused a problem at the residence - one of whom had assaulted her.  Both males, who were brothers and highly intoxicated, suffered minor injuries from the altercation. It was learned the brothers (ages 25 and 27) were discussing an unknown issue with a third party which led to  punches being thrown and everyone fighting. (Four males). The female who was near the melee was punched by one the brothers in her face which was bruised and beginning to swell. Both men were arrested charged with disorderly intoxication with the 25 year old additionally charged with simple assault., 03/24/14 The below pictured male is wanted for questioning in the theft of license plates off of vehicles in the parking lot of Walmart. If you can identify the male please contact EPD 440-951-1400 refer to incident 1400321., Channel 5 teams up with social app Nextdoor
newsnet5.com
NewsChannel 5's project, Building Better Neighborhoods: Keeping You Safe Where You Live, involves 5 cities from 5 counties that surround Cleveland, Cuyahoga, Lake, Lorain, Medina, and Summit.
It's a 5 On Your Side project that enables folks to get involved in their community, right on the street where they live.
We've teamed up with each city, town, village or township and their police departments with the goal of getting residents together to learn how to help be the eyes and ears of their police department while at the same time getting to know their neighbors.
The cities partnering with NewsChannel 5 include Parma, Bay Village, Chagrin Falls, Maple Heights, Cleveland Heights, Avon, Oberlin, Columbia Township, LaGrange, Elyria, Painesville, Mentor-On-The-Lake, Wickliffe, Eastlake, Madison, Peninsula, Stow, Barberton,Copley, Macedonia, Brunswick, Lodi, Spencer, Montville Township and Wadsworth.
This is about bringing back a sense of community where you live, by looking out for each other and helping each other. So as part of this project, we've teamed up with with the app called . It's a private social network just for your neighborhood.
"It's free and it's private, meaning you have to verify you live in the neighborhood even to be allowed to see any of the conversations or to participate. It's also a mobile app," said Jeremy Taylor, field organizer for Nextdoor.
It is on the web and on iPhone and Android devices. It was launched nationwide over two years ago and allows neighbors to communicate with each other to build stronger, safer neighborhoods.
"What we found is the closest people to you, your neighbors, are actually the ones that can help you immediately in a time of crisis, so that's important because a strong community has been proven to raise test scores, proven to raise public health and it's proven to raise security in a community," said Taylor.
The app is also used to organize events, report suspicious activity, ask for help or ask for recommendations.
"People love it. Every neighborhood is unique about their wants and needs and comments and concerns. You know, who does the best hair, is there a good roofer in town who you may have used and I can ask my neighbors who they've used as a good plumber, things of that nature," said Taylor.
Building Better Neighborhoods: Keeping You Safe Where You Live starts March 24. Look for NewsChannel 5 anchors to visit each city, town, village or township to highlight what each has to offer its residents and visitors.
Danita Harris, Leon Bibb, Lee Jordan, Chris Flanagan and Tracy Carloss will be out in one of our featured 25 communities in 25 days. At that time, they will identify 5 streets or neighborhoods in each and residents will have the opportunity to vote on one of those through newsnet5.com to become the Building Better Neighborhood featured street., 03/18/14 this agency received a call from Lake County Narcotics reference a box that was intercepted at the UPS hub headed to Miami, Florida containing $5250 cash with a return address to a resident of Eastlake.  Narcotic Detectives believed the person sending the money may be a victim of a scam rather than in narcotics trafficking. EPD Detectives responded to the residence of the 84 year old who reported he had received a call from a Federal Agent telling him he won sizeable winnings. He was told to send 1% of the estimated winning to the IRS so the prize money could be released to him. Detectives educated him on the art of scammers and to remain vigilant. Luckily for this resident we were able to return his money before it reached the hands of the scammers., 03/18/14 Compared to the amount of incidents and arrests we had over the weekend that were alcohol related, last night was relatively moderate. There were loud music complaints, a warrant arrest, two females engaged in a fight in the parking lot of Surfside Gardens and later two males fist fighting in the street at Stevens and Willowick. The two males were arrested for disorderly intoxication and held until they were sober. We are pleased to announce there were no DUI’s or alcohol related accidents. Designated drivers and public transportation  - thats the way to roll., 03/15/14 1701hrs EPD responded to Walmart for a shoplifter that had stolen merchandise fleeing the store and allegedly threatening lost prevention with a gun. The male then entered the passenger side of a waiting vehicle and left the area. Our investigation led to 27 year old Manson Bryant of Painesville who was arrested last night charged with felony robbery., 03/15/14 0150hrs officer on patrol Lakeshore by the Middle School observed the vehicle in front of him traveling over the double yellow line, correcting the wheel causing the vehicle to travel over the fog line and into the bike path for several feet several times. Upon identifying the operator he was found to be under suspension in two different states.  He was taken into custody for OVI, driving under suspension and other minor traffic violations. His passenger was given a ride home to Willoughby. The 39 year old male was held on court set bond of $414 with a mandatory driver’s license suspension now through Ohio as well as the other two states.  He refused to submit to a breath test., 03/14/14 1251hrs a vehicle was stopped at Lakeshore and Erie after receiving calls from other motorists of the operator driving erratically. When asked, the driver informed officers it was 730am and he was going home to S Euclid which was only two streets away. He was placed under arrest for suspicion of OVI, driving under suspension and an active warrant with another agency. Score .343, If you are headed downtown to the parade or your favorite pub today have a wonderful day but please be responsible and assign a designated driver if you plan on drinking., 03/12/14 on Friday January 17 of this year vehicles parked at a restaurant on Vine St were broken into in a smash and grab fashion. Our investigation, in coordination with other police departments and the Ohio Adult Parole Authority, led to 52 year old John Turner of Cleveland. Probable cause warrants were obtained and served yesterday in Cleveland. Turner was transported back to Eastlake where he was booked in on one felony charge of theft along with 4 other misdemeanor theft and criminal damaging charges. He is currently being held on $10,000 cash bond., The river is at 9ft the first reverse 911 call has been made. We will continue to monitor the river and will update you with any major concerns or changes., null, 03/08/14 2217hrs officers responded to the 1300 block of E 354th for an unwanted guest. The complainant reported a male he allows to stay at his home when he is indigent was intoxicated and threatening him. He wanted the male removed from his property. On scene, the 27 year old male was afforded the opportunity to walk to a nearby residence of an acquaintance and to receive an escort to pick up his belongings when sober. A short time later an officer driving by the residence observed the male walking up the driveway towards the home he was removed from. The male was placed into custody for disorderly intoxication. While being processed the male became uncooperative and was placed into a cell. In the jail cell he began to destroy property issued to him  (blanket and mattress). He was placed in the restraint chair until he was calm enough to be placed back into his cell. He was additionally charged with two counts of destroying property., 03/08/14 0216hrs EPD responded to a reported accident on SR 91 northbound near Lakeshore Blvd. The victim vehicle was stopped in the roadway waiting for a traffic light when struck by the at fault driver. The operator of the at fault vehicle, a 25 year old male out of Mentor, refused treatment for his minor injuries. He was arrested for driving under the influence and ACD (assured clear distance). He was processed and held for court set bond. Score .215., null, Eastlake Police Department Safety Town a Safety Awareness Program for children ages 4-5-6
(Must be 4 before 6/01/14)
•Eastlake residents / student applications will be accepted primarily. Non resident applications may be accepted after May 17 if openings exist.

•The session is Monday thru Friday June 9th - June 13th at Thomas Jefferson Elementary School 35980 Lakeshore Blvd., Eastlake, Ohio 44095

Morning and Afternoon Classes are offered:
9:30 a.m. – 11:45 a.m.
12:30 p.m. – 2:45 p.m....
Registration is March 15th - May 17th 2014
Forms are available at the Eastlake Public Library or Eastlake Police Department. 
•Program Fee $25
(After May 17th $30), 03/06/14 2148hrs spring is almost here - officers were dispatched to the area of E 337th and Vine for a male who kept falling down as he was walking. The male was located laying next to shrubbery in the 1500 block of E 337th. When the male saw the officers he got up and somewhat ran, however he did not get far, just to behind a tree in a neighboring yard where he attempted to hide. The 55 year old resident, who was obviously intoxicated and unable to stand on his own, was taken into custody for misdemeanor charges of disorderly intoxication, possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia., In light of all the recent overdoses and the recent death of one of our residents this is a good read:

newsnet5.com 
Two men have been charged with dealing laced heroin referred to as "China White," the Cuyahoga County Prosecutor's office announced. 
Ralph Torres and Rafael Torres II, both of Cleveland, were charged with trafficking heroin that is believed to have caused at least one fatal and four near-fatal overdoses Monday and Tuesday of this week. 
"The rules of engagement have changed," said Prosecutor Tim McGinty. "These dealers are selling drugs they know can and have killed. We will give heroin dealers who sell a lethal dose a homicide charge, from manslaughter to murder - whatever we can make." 
China white is laced with fentanyl and is 80 times stronger than pure heroin. 
"We want to let people know about this threat, and we want them to let us know any information they may have related to these two suspected drug traffickers or their organization. Anything that will link them to other traffickers, overdoses or overdose deaths will help,? Sheriff Bova said. 
"Please contact Crime Stoppers immediately at 216.252.7463. Tipsters remain anonymous. People are dying, and we have to stop this." 
The Heroin Involved Death Investigation Task Force is a joint collaboration of the Cuyahoga County Sheriff's Department, the Cuyahoga County Prosecutor's Office, the Cuyahoga County Medical Examiner's Office and the Cleveland Police Department., Eastlake Police Department Safety Town is back!
A Safety Awareness Program for children ages 4-5-6
(Must be 4 before 6/01/14)

The session is Monday thru Friday June 9th - June 13th at Thomas Jefferson Elementary School
35980 Lakeshore Blvd., Eastlake, Ohio 44095
         
Morning and Afternoon Classes are offered:
9:30 a.m. – 11:45 a.m.
12:30 p.m. – 2:45 p.m.
Registration is March 15th - May 17th 2014
Forms are available at the Eastlake Public Library, Eastlake Police Dept. or visit our website at http://eastlakeohio.com and download the form.                   Fee $25
                           (After May 17th $30), Just before midnight on Monday March 3rd, 2014 Eastlake police officers responded to Manny’s Lounge at 35647 Vine St., for a reported armed robbery. Officers were advised that a black male suspect had entered the bar wearing a ski mask and gloves, while brandishing a pistol and demanded money from the patrons, along with demanding the money from the bars cash register.  

The victims and barmaid complied and gave the subject an undisclosed amount of cash. The male threatened the patrons and then had them lie on the floor, before fleeing out the front door. No one was hurt in the robbery.

Mentor police K-9 assisted in following a track that the suspect had taken, but it appears that he entered a vehicle and fled the area. 

Eastlake police are still continuing the investigation, but if anyone has any additional information please call the Eastlake police detective bureau at 440-951-1400., 03/02/14 2025hrs report taken for grand theft auto from a residence on Lakeshore Blvd. The vehicle, a 1996 olds, belonging to an 80 year old resident, was primarily driven by her 56 year old son. An acquaintance of the family with a substance abuse problem is suspected., 02/28/14 2314hrs officers were dispatched to a bar on Vine St for an unwanted intoxicated male. The male, who was not being served alcohol due his already intoxicated state, became combative with other patrons and was escorted outside where he also became combative with officers. Out came an intoxicated female patron from the bar that began obstructing in the arrest of the 53 year old male. She was advised several times to remain quiet, the final time she was advised if she said one more word she was going to jail. She replied, “Yes sir - see that’s two words.” The 33 year old female was also placed under arrest. Both were given misdemeanor citations and held in their respective cells until sober., 02/27/14 Thinking ahead to spring – Eastlake residents if you wish to be placed on the reverse 9-1-1 calls for flood warnings / information please update your telephone information with Christine Ball at Eastlake City Hall 440-951-1416 ext 163. Many of you may have done away with your landlines and cellular numbers are needed to update the calling list.
Some information to keep in mind: the flood warning call will show a blocked or unknown number on the phone display. If you normally ignore these types of calls, during potential flooding periods you may want to answer these calls. The flood advisory call will be in the form of a prerecorded message.  If the call goes unanswered the system will dial your phone twice ringing approximately 10 times before disconnecting. By using the tools that are in place the community can stay informed and avoid miscommunications., 02/25/14 0547hrs Nicholas Buckley, a 25 year old from Mentor, was arrested on a misdemeanor warrant for receiving stolen property. Buckley, employed as a senior care giver, was accused of stealing a Rolex watch from an 87 year old male he was caring for in Orange Village, Ohio in January and pawning the watch at the Super Mega Pawn store on Lakeland for $800. Buckley was unable to post his $5000 cash/surety bond and was transferred to Lake County Jail. The Rolex was returned to the owner., 02/24/14 1157hrs a 20 year old female arrived at her parents home in Eastlake asking for help with her drug addiction. The female was previously banned from the home due to thefts from the home and due to her addiction. Reluctantly they allowed her to enter. As soon as she was left alone, in less then a few minutes, she stole her father’s vehicle. She was located by Wickliffe police and transferred to our custody charged with grand theft auto. She is being help without bond pending court appearance., On Friday our department awarded the Officer and Civilian employee of the year.  Both of these award recipients were selected by their peers within the department. The civilian employee of the year was Secretary Cara Hardy.  She was selected for her work with the parent project, her work with the budget process, her assistance with the Victim Advocates,  and her can do attitude.
     Sgt Mike Werner was selected as the officer of the year for 2013.  With reduced manpower Sgt Werner has taken on many new and additional responsibilities including the ALICE training program within the schools to help with students and faculty deal with school incidents.  He has also improved and streamlined the background and hiring process within the department.  Sgt Werner was recently selected to be the Commander of the Western Lake County Crisis Negotiating team.  This selection was also made by his peers.  
     We are very proud and lucky to have both Mike and Cara working for our department and community.  Job well done.

Chief Larry Reik, 02/22/14 0105hrs officers were dispatched to the area of SR 91 and Stevens on the report of  possible impaired motorist. On arrival there was a vehicle stopped in the turn lane on SR 91. The driver of the vehicle had passed out in the driver’s seat, his vehicle still in gear (drive) and his foot on the brake pedal. Officers blocked the vehicle to prevent it from entering the intersection prior to waking the male. Upon performing field sobriety testing and failing, the 35 year old from Willowick was arrested on an OVI charge. He refused to submit to a breath test., 02/22/14 0001hrs a female resident was arrested on a misdemeanor court issued warrant for a failure to appear charge. Once booked in she was interviewed reference a theft that occurred last year on 03/18/13. The female, 46 year old Crystal Esposito, was entrusted with watching a neighbors home to care for the animals while the homeowner was hospitalized. During the homeowners 10 day hospital stay, Ms Esposito cleared out the home of approximately $2,813.11 worth of money and jewelry and left her known residence. She was additional charged with felony theft and held without bond pending arraignment., 02/21/14 1534hrs a business man arrived at work and discovered an opened safe/lock box in the parking lot of his work place on Lakeland Blvd. EPD was able to locate a relative of the owner through paperwork contained in the safe. The owner arrived at EPD and advised most of items placed into the safe were still intact - including valuables. The owner, who resides in Euclid, does not know how her property ended up at that location., Willoughby Police Department has advised the following roads are closed due to flooding: Lost Nation south of Gilson,  Apollo Pkwy, Pelton Rd between Lost Nation and the railroad and Gilson Pkwy, they are keeping an eye on Erie Rd in their city., 02/19/14 2319hrs a resident in the 1100 block of E 347th reported a male he did not know was banging on the back of his house and was urinating on the sidewalk. Upon EPD arrival the male, who was in his vehicle, insisted he was at his residence although he does not live there or on this street. He was asked to exit the vehicle through the passenger door since the driver’s door would not open more than about 5” due to being stuck in a snow bank.  Once out of the vehicle, the male had to be held up to prevent him from falling. He was taken into custody on charges of OVI and driving under suspension stemming from previous OVI’s. In booking the 46 year old resident had to be assisted to the counter to perform a breath test as he was unable to maintain his balance, falling several times during processing. Score 0.370, 02/21/14 0706hrs at this time the river is still frozen and well below concern levels. Yesterday at this time the ice was 2ft thick on the river. We'll keep you updated throughout the day., 02/17/14 2020hrs an officer was attempting to stop a vehicle for going left of center on Lakeshore Blvd. The vehicle turned S/B onto SR 91. With lights and sirens activated directly behind the vehicle, the vehicle continued on 91 traveling at 30MPH, the operator refusing to pull over. Once the vehicle caught a red light, officers approached the driver. After failing a field sobriety test and despite the 50 year old females claim of having had nothing to drink, she was taken into custody on suspicion of OVI. Score 0.224, 02/16/14 1450hrs EPD was dispatched to the 33000 block of Beachpark for a verbal argument between a male and female. During the incident the male left to “cool off” The 29 year old female, who was still on scene, was taken into custody on an active warrant for her arrest from a neighboring city. Officers were still on scene when the 49 year old male returned home. He was also arrested and released on an unsecured appearance bond for driving under suspension., 02/16/14 1457hrs four Willowick teens will be spending their Saturday mornings in EPD’s juvenile diversion program. The juveniles entered Drug Mart and began smashing half gallon cartons of milk on the store floor. Officers contacted the teen’s parents and the juveniles were released after paperwork and a clean up the milk aisle was completed., 02/15/14 0125hrs officers responded to the Captains Club for intoxicated female causing a disturbance. The female’s friends advised they had been trying to get her to leave but she was refusing and pushing them away. At this time the female’s parents pulled into the parking lot and were willing to give their intoxicated daughter a ride home. The 28 year old female was escorted to her parent’s vehicle, placed in the back seat and they drove off. Apparently now not willing to leave, the female jumped out of the back seat of the slow moving vehicle and started yelling. The second escort was to EPD jail., Heat wave hits the city...., null, 02/09/14 1328hrs a 22 year old Euclid female was arrested for shoplifting $249.82 worth of clothing and household items from Walmart. She was taken into custody, processed and promptly bonded herself out with $404 cash, the court set bond., 02/08/14 0200hrs hit-skip accident brought down a stop sign and caused damage to a cable box in the front yard of a home on Spindrift. EPD learned a 21 year old male resident was “doing donuts” in the intersection of Bayshore and Spindrift. A truck parked in the driveway of that male’s residence had damage consistent with that of the accident. He was given citations for hit-skip, driving under suspension, failure to control and provided with a court date., 02/06/14 2144hrs an officer was dispatched to a vehicle that was stuck in a snow pile at the end of a driveway on St Lawrence. Two males and a female were trying to assist the 41 year old female driver until they noticed she was intoxicated. The operator, a resident, lost control N/B on St Lawrence, left the roadway, went over the curb, struck a street sign (snapping off her driver’s side mirror) then drove across a lawn and into the snow pile. The operator was rocking her vehicle spinning her tires causing smoke to come from the rear wheels and engine compartment. The front wheels were not touching the ground. The officer had to force open the buried driver’s door to remove the female from the vehicle due to her refusal and continued attempts to free herself. She was taken into custody for OVI and failure to control. She refused all field sobriety testing and the breath test., 02/06/14 1350hrs an officer located several items in the center lane of Vine St at E 345St - some that appeared to be recently purchased from Harbor Freight in the Vineyards. Call or stop in to describe and claim your property. 440-951-1400., 02/05/14 1820hrs officers were dispatched to a vehicle / pedestrian accident on Vine St in front of 34800 Vine.  The account of events by both the 21 year old male that was struck, and that of witnesses were consistent. All reported that as the male was entering onto Vine St, he slipped on the icy roadway and was struck by a truck traveling in that lane that was unable to stop. The pedestrian was determined to be at fault along with inclement weather conditions. He was transported to Lake West for treatment of non-life threatening injuries., Photo courtesy of Cathi Weber, 02/05/14 0843hrs report of a school bus that slid off the road at Lakeshore and Plymouth – there were three students on board. There were no injuries sustained to the students or the driver. Within approximately 10 minutes the children were transported to another bus and continued to school., 02/03/14 0432hrs CEI Security called EPD to report a security breach at the plant. A vehicle had crashed through the gates and was driving toward the coal processing area. Officers soon arrived on scene and approached the vehicle, which was now blocked in by security. A 35 year old female, the only occupant in the car, said she did not realize she drove through the gates. She advised she was going home and thought she was on Euclid Ave in S Euclid. Too many tequilas got her an overnight stay. – Score 1.56, 01/30/14 at 1440hrs a vehicle traveling in the 900 block of E 348th attempted to rapidly pass a garbage truck causing the operator to lose control. The vehicle left the roadway into a yard and struck a light pole. The driver and passenger then fled the scene of the accident. The vehicle, which now had a rather large hole in the passenger side front windshield, was located a short time later. The operator, a juvenile, was giving citations for hit-skip and failure to control., 01/29/14 1155hrs an elderly resident reported her checks were stolen and cashed totaling nearly $1000. The investigation led to the arrest of a 48 year old former Eastlake resident, Bridget Cernoga, who provided a Cleveland address. Cernoga... was charged with felony theft and forgery and held on a $5000 cash bond which was not posted. Cernoga also had a misdemeanor warrant through this department for failing to appear on theft charges from December of 2013. In that instance she was arrested for shoplifting $51 worth of merchandise from Drug Mart., 01/27/14 2219hrs a motorist reported a car with a rooftop pizza delivery sign was possible impaired driving on Lakeshore Blvd. A traffic stop was initiated after the officer also observed the vehicle traveling in a weaving course. The operator, a 29 year old male from Wickliffe, was arrested on suspicion of OVI. He advised officers he places the pizza sign on his vehicle when he goes out drinking “so he won’t get caught.”  Score .295, 01/27/14 a 30 year old male was given citations for hit-skip and failure to control. The male, who vehemently denied striking the speed sign at E 340St and Eastlawn, was confronted with the fact that his front plate was left at the accident scene. After several more excuses along with the ole “my friend borrowed my car but I don’t know his last name or phone number” the male finally admitted his fault in the accident., null, 01/27/14 Eastlake residents- the Mayor’s office was notified that garbage collection will be delayed by one day due to expected weather conditions for tomorrow 01/28/14., 01/26/14 0033hrs a vehicle was stopped on 91 for speed and driving in the berm for a while and staying partially in the berm as it continued S/B. The 31 year old female driver out of Willowick was arrested soon after for OVI and her vehicle towed. She was processed and held on court set bond.  She refused a breathalyzer test., 01/25/13 1135hrs a 54 year old female resident traveling on SR 91 loss control of her vehicle striking and breaking a utility pole near Roberts Rd. After 53 minutes firefighters were finally able to free the driver from the vehicle and she was transported to Metro Hospital for treatment of her injuries., Heart felt sorrow Toledo, Snowman homicide pic caution it’s graphic  - stay warm and drive safely in your travels this weekend, the weather service is saying it’s going to be brutal., 01/24/13 Eastlake residents 24 year old Lisa Fende and 50 year old Edward Burrington were arrested for receiving stolen property for having possession of a credit card, reported stolen by a third resident. The two proceeded to several locations in Eastlake and adjoining cities making several transactions between 2319hrs New Year’s Eve and 2058hrs on New Year’s Day. Fende was additional charged with misdemeanor misuse of a credit card. They were arrested, held until court set bond is met or arrangement on Monday., 01/21/14 this department is investigating a breaking and entering of the Dollar Tree Store on Vine that occurred in the early morning hours on Monday 01/20/14. Entry was gained by shattering the front window where the suspect(s) entered the building and removed merchandise from the store. Investigation is ongoing., 01/17/14 1930hrs report taken for vehicles parked at a restaurant on Vine St that were broken into. The suspect breaks a window and takes items that are in plain view in the car. The smash and grab incidents occur very quickly,  please keep your valuables out of plain sight when leaving your car. Investigation is continuing., 01/16/14 Congratulations to the new officers of the Lake County Association of Chiefs of Police: President Chief Larry Reik,  Vice President Chief John Gielink, and Chief Jack Beckwith, Secretary/Treasurer.
Photo by Richard Svagerko, 01/17/14 Officers participated in ALICE training with the Willoughby/Eastlake school district at North High School. ALICE stands for alert, lockdown, information, counter and evacuate.   This is a new collaborative training to help keep the students safe everyday.  Thank you to the district for their support with this training., 01/16/14 0234hrs a vehicle traveling 51MPH in a 25MPH on Vine St was stopped for the speeding violation. The female driver, a 38 year old Wickliffe resident, was asked how much she had to drink and replied, “Actually quite a bit.”  After failing field sobriety testing she was taken into custody for OVI, traffic violations and possession of drugs – all misdemeanors. Score 0.204., 01/15/14 since the beginning of the year and through the later part of last year, there has been neighbor problems at Surfside Garden Apts between at least three adults. The 52 year old male, the instigator in the disturbances, calls to report an occurrence claiming to be a victim. Per verbatim the incident occurred, but instead of being the “victim” in each instance he was found to be the aggressor. On 01/15 date he was arrested for criminal mischief stemming from one such occurrence. Barely out of jail on bond, the male returned home and began again. He was again taken into custody charged with persistent disorderly conduct and being held on bond., 01/15/2014 0209hrs officer conducted a welfare check on a male that was leaning against a traffic control electric box in the parking lot of the old Walgreens. The 41 year old Cleveland male who was intoxicated, asked what county he was in and requested a ride home.  He was hesitant to identify himself when asked then reluctantly supplied his information. He was found to have a warrant for his arrest from Rocky River PD. He was arrested on the warrant and given a citation for disorderly intoxication then released to RRPD when sober., 01/13/14 2355hrs a vehicle traveling westbound on Stevens Blvd left the roadway in the 1000 block traveling over three tree lawns. The vehicle crossed back over Stevens driving across several more yards, somehow missing utility poles and fire hydrants before striking a tree in the 900 block coming to a final rest. The driver of the 2012 Honda CRV vehicle, a 68 year old male resident stated he fell asleep while he was driving. He refused medical treatment and was transported home after being cited for failure to control., http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=k-BxLZObQpI&desktop_uri=/watch?v%3Dk-BxLZObQpI, 01/10/14 1500hrs a 53 year old resident is facing felony charges of corrupting another with drugs. The female admitted to supplying alcohol and smoking marijuana with her 13 year old child. Being this is not her first rodeo the juvenile has been removed from the home and is residing with a relative pending court proceedings., 1/11/14 3pm the river is currently at 9ft. There are no streets closed at this time., 01/10/14 river watch - bring on a slow thaw, 01/09/14 0906hrs EPD assisted Eastlake rescue on King Dr for a suspected heroin overdose of a 27 year old Painesville male. The male was transported to Lake West ER once revived. A Syringe, burnt spoon and other paraphernalia was removed from the home. Charges are pending lab results from evidence collected., 01/14/14 two story snowman located in the city – kudos to the building team, Courtesy of Safewise.com Report published 01/06/14:
47. Eastlake
The quiet lakeside hamlet, 30 miles from downtown Cleveland, is a community filled with civic pride and shows it in a unique and moving way. With just two robberies and no rapes reported to authorities in 2011, it’s easy to see how this plays a large part in Eastlake being one of Ohio’s safest cities, for residents and visitors alike.
Shortly after the terrorist attacks of 9/11, residents of Eastlake established the Boulevard of 500 Flags. The town’s Memorial Day and Veterans Day services are attended by thousands of residents and visitors and are well recognized in the area for their important contributions to the memories of those who have served our nation.
The town rallies around the services each year ensuring flags and poles are in such condition and repair as to pay proper respect to the solemn events. The Boulevard of 500 Flags is a genuine point of civic pride, and each year—spring and fall—it serves to reunite the town’s residents., On the morning of January 7, 2014 at 0530 a.m., a 22 year old Euclid woman ran into a store on Vine St., requesting help from store employees after claiming a man tried to kidnap her.
Eastlake police were called and learned that the male suspect was an ex-boyfriend of the victim and lured the victim to the Vineyards area by claiming his semi-truck had run out of gas.
The victim reluctantly responded to the area, at which time the male suspect, identified as 39 year old Juan C. Matos from Delray Beach, Florida, attempted to reconcile past differences with the victim. When this failed the victim claimed that Matos bound both her hands and feet with packaging tape and told her he was taking her back to Florida.     
He exited his Semi-truck to prepare it to leave area and while doing so, the victim managed to escape her bindings and run into the store for help. Matos then fled the area leaving the semi-trailer behind.
Eastlake police put out an attempt to locate on the semi-tractor, which was located a few hours later by Medina County Sheriffs Deputies at a truck stop in Lodi, Ohio.
Matos was taken into custody without incident and charged with kidnapping along with other charges. He is being held on a $100,000 bond., 01/06/14 a credit card was stolen from Enpac, a business on Vokes Dr, and used by the pictured unidentified male at several locations from Willowick to Cleveland. If you have any information on the identity of the male please contact Ptl Koehnle at dkoehnle@eastlakepd.org, private message this page or call 440-951-1400 refer to #1400023., See post below: second cat taken in same location:, 01/06/14 JenniferAckerman wrote:  Two outdoor/or stray cats (crying at back door) let in due to dangerous weather conditions on E. Overlook in Surfside. Looking to find out if they have owners before they go to a shelter. We've asked neighbors and no-one claims ownership. They are becoming disagreeable with each other so I need to know ASAP. We are trying to keep them in separate spaces, but may need to send one out if the fighting gets to be too much. Call EPD dispatch for contact information for Jennifer if you know who owns the cats., 01/06/14 a report of a strong-arm robbery that occurred on Saturday, 01/04/14, in a parking lot on Lakeshore resulted in the arrest of 20 year old Devonte Parks, a resident. He is accused of taking by force his victim’s wallet, iPhone and other items that were located in his pockets. He is being held on $10,000 cash or surety bond charged with strong-arm robbery and assault., 01/07/14 from Mayor Morley’s office: Eastlake Residents Republic Waste has notified us that garbage pick up will be delayed by one day for the remainder of the week from your normal pick up day.  City Hall and the Taft Senior Center will be open Tuesday., 01/06/14 Domestic Violence Support Group scheduled for this evening has been cancelled due to the weather. Group will resume January 13 at 6:30pm. If you have any questions contact the victim advocates at 975-4252., 01/03/13 1501hrs Raymond Jones, 32 years old from Fairport, was arrested on felony probable cause warrants stemming from a mini crime spree on Admiral Dr on December 17. Jones is accused of burglary at one residence and attempting to steal a motor vehicle from another residence. He was held on $5000 cash or surety bond., 01/04/13 a female called to complain that she purchased drugs (crack) the other day and her dealer was charging her excessive interest on her debt which she thought was totally unfair. Yep, The Monday Night Domestic Violence Support Group will begin again starting January 6, 2014 at 6:30PM.
Group is free and held at the Eastlake Police Department
35150 Lakeshore Blvd.
This group is a confidential support group for women who are currently in or who have been in an unhealthy relationship.
Please call the Eastlake Victim Advocates at #(440)975-4252 if you would like to attend group or have any questions.
If you are a male and would like to attend a support group for domestic violence please call. We can offer support by phone or by appointment. We also have information on groups in the area for men who are in unhealthy relationships and would like to attend a support group., 01/02/13 2059hrs a 31 year old male resident was arrested for OVI and several traffic violations after leaving the scene of a hit-skip accident. The incident began in the parking lot of Walmart where the male got his vehicle stuck in a snow bank. After freeing himself from the snow, he traveled down an isle sideswiping a moving vehicle. He then drove up onto a curb leaving the parking lot. The victim followed the operator while officers were in route. Officers arriving on scene on E 346th observed the vehicle moving at a speed greater that was permitted for the current road conditions and at no time did the driver maintain any control of his vehicle. At one point he drove onto a front lawn on E 346th, swerving from extreme right to left continuing on E 346th, ignoring officer’s overhead lights. He made a turn at Glen continuing to fish tail before turning into JFK. At Kennedy he attempted to turn right across the building, loss control of his vehicle and stopped. He was arrested, processed and held pending bond or arraignment. He refused to submit to a breathalyzer test., 01/03/14 there has been 7 accidents in the City Of Eastlake this morning already on SR 2 – use caution and allow yourselves plenty of room between vehicles traveling in front of you., There is a snow ban in effect until further notice. Make it easy on our service workers trying to clear the roads by not parking in the street. Most of all be patient if you live on a secondary road, there is a lot of snow to move and it’s not letting up.  The main arteries have to be cleared first and kept clear. If you do have to venture out this afternoon or evening, take it slow and allow yourself extra travel time., 01/02/14 the pharmaceutical waste collection program EPD participates in - which is a container located in our front lobby used for collection of medications from the public that are no longer needed or expired to be disposed of properly without harming the environment and keeping them out of the hands of people who may use them illegally. This year (2013) the contents from the container were transported to Lake County Narcotics seven times with a total weight of 515.66 pounds of drugs for disposal., 01/02/14 EPD had a relatively normal shift for New Year’s Eve – a few pedestrians were given courtesy rides homes, a few noise complaints but for the most part it was a good evening. This brings us to New Year’s Day and first arrest of the year at 12:39pm: a report of an erratic driver SR 91 near Roberts Rd. The vehicle was easily located as there were several cars backed up behind it. The operator was having difficulty maintaining its lane of travel, both side view mirrors were dangling off the sides of the car and the rear bumper was broken in several areas. The driver, a 34 year old female resident, was taken into custody a short time later charged with heroin possession, drug instruments and other minor traffic violations. She is being held without bond until arrangement., null, EPD welcomes Mayor Morley 01/01/2014, 12/31/13 EPD wishes you all a safe and enjoyable New Year’s Eve. As many of you head out this evening we strongly suggest if your night will involve consuming alcoholic beverages you have in place either a designated driver or alternate plans for transportation home.  If we provide the ride it’s going to be costly and the accommodations quite frankly are not that pleasant. The rooms are drafty with one wall open and can be very loud with other rowdy guests yelling and expelling what their body is rejecting. If you are granted a bond it will be cash only. If bond is not set (felony charges), or not met, you will have an extended two day stay as there will be no court due to the holiday., 12/30/13 this department has recovered a computer turned in by a resident who found it on Lakeshore Blvd. The computer does not match any that we have on file as being reported stolen. The computer powers up and is password protected. If you have lost your computer and have not reported the incident to EPD please contact Ptl. Clark via Email at aclark@eastlakepd.org to identify your property or private message this page., Dear residents and readers,
This current Crime Prevention Tip is an attempt to inform the public on the best practice of being a good witness to a crime.  The police have limited time to catch a criminal "red handed", and the help of the public often assists with numerous arrests.
A good witness should try to remain as calm as possible and look for details of the crime that the police would look for or need when
apprehending the criminal. Description of criminals should include the basic information of an approximate height, weight, skin color and sex. To further the description, the witness should attempt to remember the clothing that is being worn at the time of the crime and the description and plate of the vehicle that was used in the crime.  Other very helpful pieces of information could include tattoos on the criminal, scars or permanent markings and deformities of limbs or body parts.  No witness
should ever place their lives in danger when coming face to face with a criminal.
In the past few months, the Eastlake police department has again seen a large number of hit-skip accidents, where the subject at fault leaves the scene.  If an incident like this occurs, we ask the victim to first look for the plate of the vehicle that was at fault, and if possible, a brief description of the driver.  Additional information that can be helpful are the color of the vehicle, the number of passengers, any permanent or semi permanent markings to the vehicle (i.e. stickers, after market products, other possible damage on the vehicle) and accident debris left behind by the suspect vehicle.  We ask the victim of the accident, if possible, to pull safely into a parking lot or as far off the road as possible when dialing 911 or the local police department number.  We also ask the victim to remain in the vehicle, if safe to do so, until a police officer arrives.
We hope that this information is helpful to the public, which in turn can create a wealth of information for the police officer that responds to the scene.  We thank the readers and residents in advance for any information that leads to arrests of criminals in any malicious act.
Any questions and comments can be directed to kkorun@eastlakepd.org, Ohio Expands “Move Over Law” 
Law revised to protect safety of road construction and maintenance workers - The new version of Ohio’s “Move Over Law” requires motorists to slow down and, as conditions permit, shift to an adjacent lane when approaching construction, maintenance and public utilities commission vehicles that are parked on the roadside with flashing, oscillating or rotating lights. Under the previous law, motorists were required to do so only when approaching police and other emergency vehicles, including tow trucks., Christmas guest number 4 – officers were called to a residence on Wicklow for an unrelated manner and learned the complainant had a valid warrant for his arrest through this department for thefts committed in December of 2012 at Surfside Convenient and also from a parked vehicle at that location. The 33 year old male was unable to post bond and upon arraignment on 12/26 was transported to the county jail., 12/26/13 0711hrs a resident on Hobbie returned home from work to find an 18 year old relative initially passed out on the bathroom floor but was now awake.  The 18 year was taken into custody for possession of heroin and drug abuse instruments, held without bond and advised he was no longer welcome at the home., 12/24/13 1745hrs damage to vehicle complaint in the parking lot of Walmart. A resident reported she beat another vehicle to a parking space and the operator of the other vehicle had stopped and said something to her and drove off. When she returned to her car it had been keyed along the side and she suspected the male was responsible. The 40 year old Cleveland resident was located inside the store and denied involvement but once confronted with the surveillance video, admitted to the deed. He was arrested for criminal damaging and later released on court set bond., 12/24/13 1745hrs report of a male stumbling and at times almost falling into traffic on Vine St near E 337St. The male was located  and upon tapping him on the shoulder to gain his attention, he spun around losing his balance. Attempting to give the male assistance he choose to pull himself to the ground and roll on his back instead. He initially refused to identify himself and was taken into custody for disorderly intoxication. Once back at EPD it was learned the 62 year old also had an active warrant through our department for failure to appear on another disorderly charge. – Christmas guest number 3., 12/24/13 1049am a 48 year old female resident doing some last minute shopping for the holidays at Drug Mart was arrested for shoplifting $51.91 worth of merchandise. She was transported back to EPD, processed and released as she was able to post her own $404 cash bond., 12/24/13 0945am also on the naughty list was a 24 year old Aurora resident who was a guest in the home of a resident on Lakeshore. The resident discovered the male was using heroin in the home when small droplets of blood were found in the bathroom sink and called the PD. The male was arrested charged with possession of heroin and drug abuse instruments. He was held without bond until his 12/26 arraignment., 12/24/13 0303am an officer checking on an occupied, parked vehicle in the parking lot of the Vineyards identified 27 year old Maximilliano Lopez of Avon as the vehicle owner and occupant. Lopez had a warrant through another agency and was placed under arrest. During vehicle inventory prior to tow, he was found to be in possession of a controlled substance resulting in an additional felony charge by EPD. He was held without bond until court appearance on 12/27., Hoping you all have a safe and happy holiday!, 12/22/13 0214hrs hit-skip accident in the 900 block of Waverly. A live power line was laying across the roadway leading to a yard that had a utility pole laying on top of a parked vehicle in the driveway of the complainant who was awakened by the crash. The suspect vehicle fled the scene and is described as a white SUV that will have heavy front end damage. Anyone having any information is asked to call EPD at 440-951-1400., 12/22/13 0118hrs officer on patrol S/B SR 91 near Glen came upon a single vehicle accident. The vehicles front end was in the grassy median and the rear tires in the roadway. One male was walking around the truck with another male attempting to drive away.  Further investigation showed the vehicle drove into the median at SR 91 and Glen then continued south in the median striking a tree with the passenger side front end and then struck another tree with the vehicles driver side near the rear tire area causing disabling property damage with no injuries to either male. The 17 year old driver was taken into custody for OVI and failure to control. The 17 year old passenger was arrested for underage consumption and curfew violations. Driver score: .214 and the passenger: 0.160., 12/21/13 0251hrs officers responded to the 1300 block of E 354St for a disturbance between two adult brothers. The complainant reported his intoxicated brother was out of control harassing him. It was agreed upon that the brother would to go to bed and sleep it off.  A short time later officers again responded to the residence for another disturbance and after finding the 47 year old male, who was hiding in the home, he was placed under arrest for disorderly intoxication – we provided the bed., 12/20/13 a distraught female approached an officer working at Walmart and reported she had left her purse at the store after her shopping was completed two hours prior. She was very concerned because she had her prescriptions and cash in her purse.  The officer, upon checking with store management, learned the purse was turned into the office after being found in a shopping cart in the parking lot. The purse was returned to the owner and still inside was all of her money and prescriptions, untouched. This post is to remind readers that despite our posts reporting crimes at this store there is a much larger percentage of shoppers who are good, honest people., There has been some concerns about flooding with the rain and higher tempratures this weekend.  We have met with the other directors and everything is ready to go if there is a weather incident.  We have and will continue to monitor the weather and water issues throughout the weekend.  The service department has checked the sewers where we have had problems in the past and we ask the residents to make sure their sewers are unobstructed.  Please call if you have an emergency and remember that this page does not get monitored 24 hours a day., 12/18/13 personal favorite prisoner quote of the week so far – after chasing down and arresting a male shoplifter while in booking he wanted to dispute the value of the merchandise he boosted, “the televisions were on sale, they didn’t cost that much.”  Well Mr. Thief it’s retail value not sale value…., Longfellow Elementary, Longfellow Elementary, Longfellow Elementary, Longfellow Elementary, Longfellow Elementary, Off to Longfellow!, Washington Elementary, Wee Care Preschool, Thomas Jefferson Elementary, Santa arrived to visit Eastlake’s elementary schools today, 12/16/13 1636hrs an officer already on scene at Walmart on an unrelated matter watched along with loss prevention a male selected a wall mount for a flat screen TV from the shelf and place it into a shopping cart. He then watched as an employee soon accompanied this male in question with a flat cart and a 60' flat screen television was taken from stock and placed into this cart. The male and employee then left the store and loaded the goods into a vehicle. The 22 year old Cleveland male was taken into custody and charged with felony theft. Total value of merchandise $1,280.67. (The employee was told via radio from a different location to assist a customer in electronics and had no connection to the arrestee who had told him he already paid for the merchandise.), 12/14/13 1203hrs a resident was duped out of $2500 that she provided via green dot cards falling for an “IRS agent” scam claiming she would be imprisoned if she does not pay her back taxes. Readers, please continue to educate neighbors, family members and the elderly about these scam practices., The annual Protect and Serve tavern was a success this weekend at the Great Lakes Mall.  Joining some of the local chiefs this year was Daneta Harris from channel 5 and State Representative John Rodgers. This is done in cooperation with the Lake county general health district to promote non alcoholic drinking and safe driving around the holidays., 12/14/13 0547hrs EPD was called to the scene of a hit-skip accident on Waverly Rd. The victim vehicle had been pushed 40-50ft south of its parking location into a neighbor’s yard. There was vehicle parts embedded in the back of the victim’s vehicle as well as along the path the vehicle travelled. Tire tracks in the snow  showed where the suspect vehicle left the roadway about 20ft before striking the vehicle. Further down Waverly the suspect vehicle was located parked in a driveway with heavy front end damage. The 36 year old male operator of the vehicle was taken into custody charged with hit-skip and failure to control., Please remember that when you are driving during the winter months to watch for pedestrians on the roadway.  When the sidewalks are not shoveled then many walkers travel on the roadway and we must pay extra attention.  We encourage our walkers to wear light or reflective clothing and to be careful when they must walk on the roadway.  Let's try to have a safe holiday season.

Chief Larry Reik, 12/13/13 0100hrs officers at Walmart serving a warrant on an employee were alerted to a headphone package located in the woman’s restroom – note to self, when trying to commit a theft its best to take your $300 cell phone with you when you leave and not leave it with the remaining evidence. Like shooting fish in a barrel sometimes., 12/12/13 1407hrs officer on patrol in the parking lot of Walmart was flagged down by a citizen and advised of a shoplifter giving loss prevention a hard time. The male was identified as 34 year old Kevin Gary of Willoughby Hills and taken into custody.  Headphones and notebooks were recovered valued at $97.76. Once outside, the handcuffed male escaped, fleeing across the parking lot.  His freedom was short lived when he inelegantly wiped out on the snow and ice. No injuries reported., 12/10/13 a 41 year old Mentor man was arrest on a probable warrant charged with impersonating an Eastlake Police Officer. The male is accused of displaying a badge and identifying himself as an officer during an incident that occurred at Twin Value Optical on Vine St in October. He was processed and able to post bond a short while later., REMINDER - The City Of Eastlake's parking snowban automatically goes into effect whenever there is 2" or more snow in the roadway., Dear readers and residents,
This is the Crime Prevention tip for Thursday, December 12, 2013.
The winter has brought the cold to NE Ohio and many cars do not have garages that they can be parked in.  With this cold weather and outdoor parking, we find that many people like to start their cars in their driveways and let their cars warm up in the early mornings or after work. We also find that cars are often left running while the owner or operator runs in to the coffee shop, or local store to run daily errands.
Just keep in mind if your guily of this, as many of us are, that car
thieves often find these vehicles as crimes of opportunity.  Local police departments take several car thefts per year where the keys were left in the running vehicle while the owner briefly separates him/herself from the vehicle, thinking that it will be left untouched when they return.
The best answer to this is to shut the car off when the owner will not be in visual range for an extended period of time.  Another alternative is to enable any type of automatic start options the car may have, where the battery will shut off if anyone attempts to place the car in drive.
As a reminder most cities have ordinances against vehicles left unattended and the vehicle owner can be cited.
Thank you for reading and questions can be left at KKorun@eastlakepd.org, 12/11/13 1352hrs a disturbance was reported on Alva including criminal damage to a vehicle. Three parties that were involved, two males and one female, all left the area. One of the vehicles involved was located on E 332St. The male driver admitting to damaging a window on Alva that was being operated by his ex-girlfriend’s new boyfriend. The male, a 28 year old Willoughby Hills resident, was arrested on a misdemeanor warrant from Mayfield Hts and the female involved, a 20 year old resident, was arrested on a felony warrant from Willoughby PD.  There is no complainant for the damaged van therefore no criminal damaging charges will be filed., 12/09/13 0229hrs officers responded to Walmart for a male drinking beer in the vestibule that had entered the store on Walmart’s motorized cart and drove himself to the restroom.  On arrival, the male stumbled out of the restroom and sat on the motorized cart. He was identified as a 54 year old from Painesville. There was an open twelve pack of Milwaukee’s Best beer on the motorized scooter in front of him. When asked where he was going, he stated Painesville and when asked if he knew where he was, he said Walmart but was unsure of the city. He was arrested for disorderly intoxication and was released with his citation when he was sober., 12/08/13 0735hrs a 41 year old female jamming to Michael Jackson, smoking weed and drinking beer was arrested in the 37000 block of Lakeshore Blvd after EPD received a complaint of a vehicle playing loud music since the early morning hours. Approaching the vehicle, that was parked running in the drive, officers had to pound on the window to wake the female. Once awake the female accelerated, racing the engine but the car was in park. When she opened the door a marijuana cigarette rolled off her lap and a beer was on observed on the floor.  The female who refused to identify herself, smelled strongly of alcohol beverages and was soon taken into custody for physical control- under the influence along with other misdemeanor charges. The vehicle owner was able to identify the female in custody., 'Protect and Serve' event aims to promote sober driving
By John Arthur Hutchison, The News-Herald 
After nearly 40 years, state Rep. John M. Rogers still remembers when a young woman died in an emergency room where he was working as an orderly.
She was a passenger in a vehicle and a drunken driver hit the car while traveling in the opposite direction.
The incident left an especially big impression on Rogers because it was the first time a young person had died while he was on duty.
“People need to be cognizant and think about their decisions,” Rogers said.
Lake County officials want to do all they can this holiday season to remind people to drive sober.
To help promote that message, local police chiefs and judges, along with special guest bartenders, will mix up nonalcoholic drinks and serve snacks at the 19th annual Protect and Serve Tavern event.
The event, which runs from noon to 4 p.m. Saturday at Great Lakes Mall in Mentor, will be hosted by the Lake County Crime Prevention Task Force, Lake County Chiefs of Police Association and Lake County Safe Communities Coalition.
Special guest bartenders include Rogers from 1 to 2 p.m., NewsChannel5’s Danita Harris from noon to 1 p.m., and Lake County Commissioner Judy Moran from 2 to 3 p.m.
Moran said she wants to do her part to encourage people to drive sober.
The event is free after organizers received donations from local businesses.
Local police officers will invite shoppers to try the “Fatal Vision” goggle demonstration that simulates alcohol impairment.
Free recipe booklets featuring nonalcoholic beverages created by Lake County police departments will also be available.
Participants will have the chance to enter to win a vehicle safety kit and other prizes.
Safety officials provided a few tips to help people get home safe:
- Plan a safe way home before festivities begin.
- Before drinking, designate a sober driver.
- If you’re impaired, take a taxi or call a sober friend or family member for a ride home.
- If you happen to see an impaired driver on the road, call #677 to reach law enforcement.
- If you know someone who is about to drive or ride while impaired, take their keys and help them find arrangements to get where they are going safely, 12/07/13 Matthew Hawkins of Euclid was arrested on an active felony warrant through this department issued as a result of a theft investigation at the Croatian Hall in November. Reported stolen was a meat slicer valued at $1200 along with 60 metal stands valued at $720. A tip from a neighboring police department led to a pawn shop in Euclid where Hawkins had pawned the meat slicer. He was arrested charged with felony receiving stolen property held on a $5000 cash bond., 12/07/13 1340hrs what would have been misdemeanor charges only on 19 year old David Taylor of Shaker Hts changed when he fled from an officer at Walmart while being confronted about a theft. The male was pursued through the parking lot, into Good Cents, through the store where Taylor ran out the back  warehouse door causing the fire alarm to activate. He then jumped a fence at Manor Park Apts where he apprehended. He was arrested charged with felony evidence destroying (the stolen merchandise), misdemeanors for theft, inducing panic (fire alarm) and resisting arrest. He faces additonal theft charges for suspected stolen merchandise recovered in his vehicle prior to towing. He is being held without bond pending court appearance. A 16 year old male accomplice was also arrested on one count of theft without incident., null, 12/05/13 2216hrs a passing motorist advised of a possible impaired motorist traveling on S/B 91. An officer observed the vehicle traveling in a weaving pattern driving into the breakdown lane and the outer lane on the roadway. He was stopped in the parking lot of the BP station on Vine. The driver, a 43 year old male from Wickliffe, who denied drinking, was not given field sobriety testing due his difficulty maintaining his balance. He was arrested and transported to EPD charged with OVI and tampering with evidence stemming from grabbing his red solo cup containing red liquid from the center console and dumping the liquid on the floor and seat of his vehicle during the investigation., 12/05/13 1758hrs a 63 year old Euclid male was arrested for shoplifting gloves and a 32in flat screen TV from Walmart totaling $294.14. When approached by Loss Prevention the male fell on the floor feinting illness then fled the store running through the parking lot. Officers located him fleeing in the parking lot of Charter One bank and after resisting arrest he was taken into custody. He was transported back to EPD charged with the theft, resisting and a failure to appear warrant through this department in relation to a $105 theft of gloves in 2009., 12/05/13 0937hrs a complainant reported while at Sunoco on Vine St she set her cell phone down while checking out leaving it at the store. Upon her return a short while later the phone had been stolen. Viewing the store surveillance video, the reporting officer was able to identify the thief, as she has been arrested by this department several times over several years.  The victim used a tracking device to locate her phone which was on the move in Cleveland. Eventually the 41 year old female returned home where she was arrested for the theft of the phone she “accidently” picked up. The phone was recovered and returned to the rightful owner., A resident found this little guy on Campers Dr last night (12/05/13) if he belongs to you please call the station so we can reunite the two of you., On Thursday, December 12, 2013 a spaghetti dinner / raffle will be held at the Surfside Towers from 3-6pm. Proceeds to benefit Meals on Wheels. Admission is $5 plus a non-perishable food item. To purchase tickets contact JFK Eastlake Senior Center at 440-975-4268 or Kim Evers at 440-725-4120., 12/04/13 early this morning 27 year old Crystal Nicholson, a resident, was picked up on a felony theft warrant from an incident that occurred in August of this year. Nicholson is accused of stealing an ATM card from a relative and withdrawing money from their account. She is being held on $5000/10% court set bond which has not yet been posted., 12/02/13 2159hrs an out of state vehicle (PA) was stopped for a minor traffic violation on Vine St. The male claimed not to have any identification and that the vehicle belonged to his twin brother. The driver gave verbal information to the officer to check for warrants and if he was a valid driver. The date of birth he verbally provided was a 3 year and 5 month difference from his “twin brother,” the registered owner of the vehicle. The male was taken into custody for identification purposes and once his identity was verified through PA, he was found to be the vehicle owner. The 37 year old male was charged with misidentification and the traffic infraction. It was further learned as a condition of his probation in PA he was not permitted to leave the state. Additional charges may be pending there., By Devon Turchan, The News-Herald 
Timberlake police on Monday arrested an Eastlake man accused of assault and vandalism, which allegedly took place after he was pulled over for other crimes.
“It started as a traffic stop for speed and weaving,” Timberlake Acting Chief of Police Geoffrey Esser said. “It went down hill pretty rapidly.”
Esser said 35-year-old Thomas V. Restifo spit and tried to grab the officer administering a sobriety test related to the weaving and the odor of alcohol.
Restifo, of 916 Rokeby Road, is accused of kicking both rear windows of the Timberlake patrol car, shattering them, and damaging the window frames.
Eastlake police were then called for mutual aid while Timberlake switched out patrol cars.
“He caused some damage to their holding facility,” Esser said.
Eastlake Police Lt. Tom Angelo said he used toilet paper to clog the holding cell’s toilet.
The cell flooded with a “couple inches of water,” he said.
Reading off the report, Angelo said Restifo appeared to be “impossible” to work with.
“He never did calm down so we brought him to Lake County Jail,” he said.
Restifo is charged with fourth-degree felony assault on a police officer; fifth-degree vandalism; OVI; two counts of second-degree misdemeanor, resisting arrest and criminal damaging; minor misdemeanor speeding; and an unclassified misdemeanor for failing to produce an operator’s license, according to Willoughby Municipal Court records.
Judge Harry Field set a cash or surety bond at $5,000 which was posted.
A preliminary hearing is set for Dec. 11. If convicted of the felony charges, Restifo could spend up to 2 1/2 years in prison., On 11/23/13 the Eastlake Police department worked outside of WalMart in Eastlake collecting for our 7th annual community Christmas.  We had sworn and civilian personnel from both the police and fire departments working with families of our organization and volunteers. We worked from 0900-4:00pm collecting donated toys, games and money.
These items are used to help needy area families have a nice
Christmas.  The money collected will be used to help purchase gifts
to help have something for all ages.  It was very nice to have so
many come out and assist with this worthy cause.  The department will continue to accept toys, gifts and cash donations until the second week of December.
Chief Reik, 11/30/13 1602hrs patrol was dispatched to the 33000 block of Willowick Dr for a male that had been struck by a vehicle. On arrival the male was up and walking around. He had contact dirt from the vehicle and the ground. Paramedics were dispatched to the scene however, the male victim refused transport. The victim reported as he was walking on the sidewalk area his ex-girlfriend with whom he had been arguing, pulled into a driveway apron as he was crossing the drive and intentionally struck him with her vehicle knocking him down. According to independent witness statements they observed as the operator of the vehicle slowed down then pulled into the drive intentionally striking the male then flee the area in a reckless manner. The vehicle was located and contact marks were able to be seen matching the area as described by statements. The female, a 22 year old Euclid resident, was taken into custody and charged with domestic violence. She was held without bond until court appearance., 11/28/13 0304hrs a fire hydrant was knocked off its base causing water to rapidly flow on to Iris Lane during a hit skip accident. The water department was called in to assist with the clean up. Vehicle parts were left on scene indicating extensive damage to the vehicle.  A check of the area uncovered a vehicle parked in a nearby driveway. Upon speaking with the owner of the vehicle he denied operating the truck and refused to cooperate in the investigation. The truck was towed back to EPD pending the identity of the operator. The following day the owner of the vehicle, a 32 year old male, responded to EPD admitting he was indeed the operator responsible. He was given citations for hit skip and failure to control., 11/27/13 1807hrs unwanted guest complaint on S Riverview – the complainant advised his friend threw a television at him and he wanted him removed from his home. On arrival the 45 year old obviously intoxicated male was placed under arrest for disorderly conduct while intoxicated and also found to have a felony warrant from Stark County SO., 11/27/13 1738hrs officer on routine patrol stopped a vehicle pulling out of a closed business on Curtis Blvd. The driver, a 24 year old Painesville male, provided an “Estados Unidos Mexicanos” drivers license.  Being familiar with internet purchased licenses the officer asked the driver if there was actually a United States of Mexico. The male admitted he ordered the license on line. He was taken into custody for the fictitious license violation, having no license and to secure identity and immigration status. He was later released on a $414 court assigned bond., Eastlake Police Department wishes you all a happy and safe holiday. 

Not what we say about our blessings, but how we use them, is the true measure of our thanksgiving.  ~W.T. Purkiser, Crime Prevention Tip.....
Dear residents and readers, 
     The police department has seen many fraudulent pieces of mail and e-mails that offer the reader, winnings or funds for very little in return.   The most common seem to be lottery winning notifications through email or fraudulent paper checks in the mail.  The lottery winners are asked for various pieces of information to either verify their identity or bank accounts, while the fraudulent checks ask the recipient to cash the check and return a small
portion to the address listed.   
These types of schemes should spark that golden rule of, "If it's too good to be true.......".  However, many residents and readers have fallen prey to these criminals and there schemes. 
With the tough financial times, people are taken by the prospect of easy earnings and "big gains" for an exchange of information or funds.  The lottery schemes began overseas and are emailed by the hundreds of thousands and await responses for the
fraudulent transactions to take place. Those schemes play on percentages, where even a small number of return emails can make for large gains for the criminal enterprise
which created it.  
The fraudulent check schemes more often than not issue a fake check for a large sum of money, ask the receiving party to cash it, and send a small portion of that back to the sender as a  "cashing fee" or "winners fee".  
The police department urges families and friends to not let the elderly and unknowing fall prey to these schemes and criminals.  Be aware that loss of funds are extremely hard to recover and more often than not, are never seen again. 
Information given over email is often used for identity theft purposes, while funds sent to phony addresses or businesses are often shipped overseas to fund larger enterprises.  Any doubts of emails or letters in the mail that are received can be checked through the Better Business Bureau or an inquiry to your local police department or post office. 
Questions can be sent to KKorun@eastlakepolice.org, 11/26/13 1657hrs EPD responded to several accidents yesterday when the snow began, but this one in particular led to the arrest of a 47 year old Willoughby man – a two car accident on Vine St near E 337St.  Once on scene officers found the at fault operator asleep behind the wheel. The driver had struck the victim vehicle in the rear. There was minor damage to both vehicles with no reported injuries. Once officers gained the male’s attention, he continually kept falling asleep after advising them he “was okay and gonna leave now.”  His vehicle was towed and he was brought back to EPD for processing where again he kept passing out. He was held on bond pending and until sober. Score .231, null, Det Kroczak and Det Bowersock both receive special awards from the IRS for their work in the St Paul credit union loan scandal. 
They worked tirelessly on this case while seeing it through to its completion as the biggest credit union fraud in history. This recognition is a high honor and acknowledges the behind the scenes worked performed daily by these two detectives in cooperation with state and federal agencies. 
 They were presented this award by the new Director of the FBI as well as representatives from the IRS and US attorneys office. The city and the department are both proud and honored with their accomplishment.  
Chief Larry Reik., 11/24/13 1114hrs report of an attempted theft of auto in progress at Will’s Automotive on Vine St.  The owner of the vehicle, who was across the street, reported he saw two males, one of which was inside his truck.  Upon confronting the males, who advised they were sent from a repo company, fled from the scene in their personal vehicle.  Euclid PD was notified who located and stopped the vehicle.  EPD responded to their location SR 90 W/B and took the two Cleveland men into custody. Arrested for felony grand theft auto and criminal tools were 51 year old Terry Anderson and 54 year old Grayling Rucker. Following the investigation more charges will be pending for additional grand theft autos from this city in recent months, and clearing others, one from 2002., 11/24/13 1114hrs report of an attempted theft of auto in progress at Will’s Automotive on Vine St.  The owner of the vehicle, who was across the street, reported he saw two males, one of which was inside his truck.  Upon confronting the males, who advised they were sent from a repo company, fled from the scene in their personal vehicle.  Euclid PD was notified who located and stopped the vehicle.  EPD responded to their location SR 90 W/B and took the two Cleveland men into custody. Arrested for felony grand theft auto and criminal tools were 51 year old Terry Anderson and 54 year old Grayling Rucker. Following the investigation more charges will be pending for additional grand theft autos from this city in recent months, and clearing others, one from 2002., 11/23/13 1055hrs the report of approximately $2000 worth of stolen jewelry taken from a residence on E 331St lead to the felony arrest of 21 year old Robert Wormald, an Eastlake resident. Most of the jewelry, that had not already been sold, was recovered from three different local pawn stores. Wormald is being held without bond pending court appearance today., 11/22/13 1837hrs a 24 year old female from Mentor was arrested for attempting to shoplift numerous music CD’s and movie DVD’s, a $427.02 value, by concealing the items in a duffle bag.  The female, along with her two small children, were transported to EPD where custody of the children was transferred to a friend of the family. The female was held on court set bond of $350 which was posted a short time later., 11/22/13 1537hrs report of an accident Lakeland Blvd at E 337St. The victim reported the suspect vehicle fled the scene heading east on Lakeland.  A responding Officer observed the vehicle, which had heavy front end damage, and conducted a traffic stop. Shortly after the 38 year old male from Mentor was arrested for OVI, hit-skip and assuring clear distance. Score .299, Willowick attorney, Eastlake detectives to be honored for work on Northern Ohio cases
By Tracey Read, The News-Herald 
Several local officials will be honored for their exemplary service in court cases that had a significant impact on Northern Ohio.
“Each of these people represents the best of federal law enforcement,” Steven M. Dettelbach, U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Ohio, said in a news release.
Willowick Council President Robert J. Patton, an assistant U.S. attorney, will receive the Attorney General’s Award for Distinguished Service for his role in the Cuyahoga County corruption investigation. Seven other federal attorneys will receive the honor.
The investigation resulted in more than 60 convictions, including the former county commissioner, county auditor and two common pleas judges.
The case uncovered several pay-to-play bribery schemes in which public officials awarded jobs, contracts and other favors in exchange for cash, trips and other gifts. Former County Commissioner Jimmy Dimora’s 28-year prison sentence is believed to be the longest sentence handed out for a public corruption conviction. The case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and Internal Revenue Service.
“I did the first jury corruption trial with (co-counsel) Antoinette Bacon,” Patton said. “It was a privilege to be part of the prosecution.”
Eastlake Detectives Ted Kroczak and Chris Bowersock are being honored with the IRS Commendation Award for their investigation into the St. Paul Croatian Federal Credit Union Investigation.
The now-defunct credit union was forced to liquidate in 2010 with a $170 million loss. The criminal investigation revealed a decade-long scheme in which the credit union’s Chief Financial Officer Anthony Raguz was convicted of making more than 1,000 fraudulent loans and payments in return for bribes, gifts and other kickbacks.
Eastlake Police Chief Larry Reik said he is proud of the detectives’ work.
“This investigation was started by Detective Kroczak who began a relationship through investigating another case,” Reik said in an email. “When some of the pertinent information surfaced, he continued to dig along with Detective Bowersock obtaining the information to lead the financial investigators to the breaking of the biggest credit union fraud in history.”
FBI Director James Comey will present the awards during a private ceremony in Cleveland Monday., 11/21/13 1857hrs a 32 year old female from Mentor was arrested for shoplifting at  Walmart after attempting to leave the store with $430.12 worth of miscellaneous merchandise. She was held on court set bond which was later posted for her., 11/19/13 a 45 year old female resident on Luanna was served with a warrant for felony possession of heroin. She was held on court set bond of $5000/10% which later posted on her behalf., 11/20/13 We received two notices for free community meals for those in need on  November 28 – Willow Praise Church 32905 Vine St in Willowick is serving dinner from 12 – 2pm. They will also deliver to shut-ins. Reservations are needed 440-944-5683 or 440-951-7008.
Mentor United Methodist Church 8600 Mentor Ave in Mentor is serving dinner from 11am to 2pm. For those within Lake County transportation to the dinner is available if needed and meals can be delivered to shut-ins. They ask that you call one week prior to the event to make arrangements for a ride or shut-in meal. For more information call 440-255-3496 between 9am and 4pm., More on solicitors:
The recent charades have been from funeral agencies and utility companies.  A recent event occurred where a couple knocked on the door of an elderly female and explained that they had made an appointment to speak to her regarding funeral arrangements for her future, specifically in regards to a plot of land and funeral expenses. The solicitors were alarmed and walked away from the situation, never to be identified.  The second solicitation event occurred more recently and had to do with utility companies.  The company asks to see a recent electric bill and explains that they can lower prices for home owners in need.
I warn all residents and readers of the following!!!
First, the unlawful solicitors look for welcomed entry into a home in
pairs for many reasons.  The main reason being one party will speak to the homeowner about the scam while the second will find a way to separate themselves from the conversation to canvas the home for easy to take items.  They may use the excuse of having to use the bathroom or take a phone call and leave the meeting room for criminal purposes. DO NOT LET THEM IN!!!!!!
Second, the unlawful solicitor will look at any given piece of information such as a utility bill or piece of mail, for identity theft purposes.  Identity theft is a very common form of fraud and does not take much to accomplish.
Third, the solicitor will pressure the elderly or meek into "cash up
front" schemes with the promise of some type of product that will never be delivered.  Most commonly found in home repair scams.  These criminals may have fake ID's or name badges, but please do not feel the need to allow them access to your home.
If anyone questions any person that is soliciting, please call the local police department or send me any questions.  KKorun@eastlakepd.org, Dear residents and readers,
Crime Prevention Tip of the Week,
Home and vehicle thefts are a major issue in the city and surrounding cities for police departments.  Criminals look for simple and quick ways to come across valuable belongings and monetary gain, in and around the home and vehicles parked in the driveway.  The reports I often respond to are "Theft from Autos" or "Theft from Residence", mainly garages and detached sheds.  A few simple ways to deter the criminals are as follows:
1) Lock all car doors after hours and before heading to bed.  Criminals walk along city streets in dark clothing and pull on door handles of vehicles and garages and look for opportunities of easy access.  2) Replace or install motion lights on homes to brighten the surrounding property.  No criminal likes to be seen "in the spotlight".  3) Remove all valuables and electronics from the vehicle and bring them into the residence overnight.  If there is nothing for the criminal to take, there is no major loss of property in the morning.  4) Arm your car and residential alarms if applicable, and display security signage in the yard
where it will be visible from the street.  Signs such as "Beware of Dog", "ADT Home Security", "Protected by Glock" are deterrents to criminals just as a car alarms "blinking light" is in a parking lot.
Although these tips seem simple and second nature, many reports taken by the police department are often crimes of opportunity, where a resident may have left a garage door or vehicle door open.
These weekly tips will cover a wide range of helpful hints, so please leave feedback.  Any questions or concerns should be directed to KKorun@eastlakepd.org, Attorney General Mike Dewine announced today (11/18/13) that there will be a Heroin Unit formed to assist law enforcement agencies, community leaders, and Ohio residents in the fight against the heroin epidemic. It will have investigators, lawyers, and drug abuse awareness specialists. They gathered information from coroners across the state, and the results were alarming. There was a 107-percent increase in heroin deaths among more
than half of Ohio's counties, and the data also suggests 11 people die in Ohio every week from a heroin overdose.

 Results:
 The results are as follows:
 2010: 292 heroin overdose deaths
 2011: 395 heroin overdose deaths
 2012: 606 heroin overdose deaths

 For more on this, visit
 http://www.19actionnews.com/story/23996391/ohio-ag-announces-formation-of-new heroin-unit

 If you or someone you know is battling heroin addiction, please contact our victim advocates who can assist you in finding rehabs, support groups, and other resources that can help. The number is (440) 975-4252 or email victadv@ameritech.net., 11/16/13 2127hrs a vehicle was stopped for traveling 51 MPH on Lakeshore, a 35 MPH zone. The operator, 48 year old James Day of Willoughby Hills, was given sobriety tests due to the odor of alcohol emitting from his vehicle and person. Once offered a breath test the male refused and was taken to the hospital for a mandatory blood test due to a prior refusal – this being his 5th OVI in 20 years, making this offense a felony. He was held without bond until arraignment, We have received complaints of overbearing solicitors. For instance they may ask to see your electric bill so they can correct an issue with overcharging. We suggest that you do not show any solicitor your electric, gas bills or any personal information. If you would like to change your utility provider, or order a service from a solicitor there are ways to do research as to gather a wider range of information before hastily making a decision. If you do come in contact with any solicitor that is pushy, aggressive and/or overbearing call the police department to report the situation and inquire if they do have a permit through the city., 11/15/13 2313hrs two repo men arrived at a home on Courtland to repossess a vehicle from a driveway.  The vehicle owner had voluntarily handed the keys over to the males at a different location and had advised where the vehicle could be located. The homeowner however was uncooperative. As the men continued to hook up the car for the tow, the homeowner retrieved a handgun from another vehicle parked in the drive, pointed it at the driver’s head and threatened to kill him. Upon EPD arrival the 60 year old male was taken into custody and charged with aggravated menacing. The fully loaded weapon, located in his waistband, was placed in property for safekeeping., 11/15/13 0143hrs a resident reported her vehicle was taken without her permission while she was sleeping by a family member.  Before arriving at EPD to report the unauthorized use, she searched the area with a family friend for her vehicle without success. Her vehicle was soon located after a neighboring city arrested the suspect male for OVI and a theft that occurred in their city. The male was additionally charged by our department for unauthorized use of the motor vehicle, a misdemeanor., 11/15/13 0143hrs a resident reported her vehicle was taken without her permission while she was sleeping by a family member.  Before arriving at EPD to report the unauthorized use, she searched the area with a family friend for her vehicle without success. Her vehicle was soon located after a neighboring city arrested the suspect male for OVI and a theft that occurred in their city. The male was additional charged by our department for unauthorized use of the motor vehicle, a misdemeanor., 11/14/13 2308hrs a road rage complaint that began in Mentor and ended at Walmart resulted in the arrest of three juveniles.  While attempting to locate occupants of the suspect vehicle, an officer on scene observed two juvenile females he is familiar with  (16 and 17yrs old)  walking out of the store and upon seeing the officer , attempt to kick a purse one of them was carrying under a vehicle.  Inside the purse were three unopened bottles of alcohol valued at $52.70. It was later learned this was a second trip for alcohol after stealing a bottle earlier in the night from a Giant Eagle in a neighboring city. The two girls were arrested for theft and underage consumption. The third juvenile, a 15 year male was given citations for curfew and tobacco possession. All three were released to parents and advised of court proceedings., 11/14/13 0857hrs EPD units responded to the 34500 block of Melinz for a report of an intoxicated male and female fighting. The two fit the same description from an earlier call of the two fighting on Vine St , but had left prior to officer’s arrival. In making contact with the two Mentor residents, who were both obviously intoxicated, both were arrested for public intoxication. The 51 year old male had injuries to his facial area that he reported he received when his 36 year old girlfriend head butted him in the face. The female was additionally charged with domestic violence and having an open container in a public place. (Jack Daniels bottle and beer) She is currently being held on bond. The male was released later in the day once sober., 11/14/13 -Last year this event was a huge success, many thanks to the volunteers that participated. There will be refreshments available again this year for those wishing to attend on Saturday November 16, 2013, Good morning/afternoon Eastlake residents and readers,
     The Eastlake Police Department page will begin offering a Crime Prevention Tip of the Week.  The goal of the Eastlake Police
Department is to serve and protect the public from the predators that seize the opportunity to commit crimes against unprotected or
unknowing individuals.  This brief weekly segment will offer
residents and readers prevention tips on ways to prevent these
predators from creating victims.  The tips will range from simple day to day care of homes and vehicles to internet schemes and current fraud trends.  This will be offered in the hopes to lessen the oppurtunities these predators seek.  No community will ever be crime free, but tips on how to prevent crime can lower the crime
percentages in a great way.  Questions or comments can be directed to KKorun@eastlakepd.org.  Thank you., EASTLAKE COMMUNITY CHRISTMAS 2013
For the last 7 years the Eastlake Police and Fire Department, the Police Athletic League, City Employees and the community have come together to give Eastlake families in need a Christmas. As you know times are difficult right now and we try to help families by creating a Christmas to remember by providing gifts for the children and Christmas dinner for the family.
Last year we were able to give over 150 children up to age 18 from Eastlake gifts and stocking stuffers, and 20 families a full ham or turkey dinner.  In order to keep the families privacy, each family can arrange a time to pick up their gifts and wrapping paper and also keep the surprise for their children.
November 23, 2013 at the Eastlake Walmart from 9am to 4pm volunteers will be in attendance to gain gifts and monetary donations. Over the years this has been a great success and the customers coming in and out of Walmart were very generous providing donations. 
If you would like to attend to volunteer some time for this event to help with activities and donations or if you have any questions please contact the Eastlake Victim Advocates at 440-975-4252 or by Email: victadv@ameritech.net.  We appreciate your time and efforts in the continued success of the Eastlake Community Christmas.
If you cannot attend but would like to make a donation, there is a box in the lobby of EPD were you can place new, unwrapped children’s gifts., 11/09/13 1734hrs a 44 year old female resident was arrested for OVI on Vine St. The female was refused service at a bar due to the bar owner deeming her to intoxicated to be served. The female exited the bar and got into an altercation with a male resident who was sitting in his driveway.  The female then left the drove out of the parking lot. It was at that time EPD arrived and initiated the traffic stop. She was charged with OVI and refused to submit to a breath test., 11/09/2013 0314hrs a 17 year old juvenile from Euclid was arrested after walking out of Walmart with a $598 50” flat panel television without paying for it.  Once he was identified he was charged with the theft, obstructing official business and curfew. He was turned over to the custody of his mother after the booking process was completed., Fire chief Whittington and Chief Reik were honored to get a photograph with Ted Taubert. Mr Taubert was awarded the French Medal of Honor by the French embassy during a Veteran's Day ceremony at Eastlake City Hall. Mr Taubert flew 81 missions
during the Normandy invasion and throughout his Air Force career during WWII. Our thanks to you Mr. Taubert and all veterans today and always., 11/08/13 2047hrs several calls were made to EPD advising a female was getting “beat up” by possibly three males in an apartment at Sussex Apts. On arrival several people flagged officers down and directed them to the apartment. An injured female answered the door and once separated from the males advised she was assaulted by two of the males, one being her ex-boyfriend, over a new boyfriend. Two males, one of which was hiding inside the apartment, were subsequently arrested for assault and felony charges of disrupting public service for breaking the cell phone the female was using to call 911., 11/08/13 1410hrs attempted strong arm robbery occurred at the Dollar General store on Lakeshore Blvd.  A female employee was leaving the store with the night deposit bag when she noticed a black male, mid 30’s, approximately 5’7” tall and about 150lbs approaching behind her from the back side of the store. The male called out to her and she jumped into her vehicle and locked the doors. The male attempted several times to open her car door without success. When advised the police were being called he fled on foot.  EPD units searched the area for the male who was last seen running through backyards with negative results. Incident is under investigation., 11/7/13 EPD is again requesting your assistance in identifying this suspect wanted on felony forgery and uttering and forged check charges.  If you have any information regarding his identity please call EPD 951-1400 X223 or inbox this page., 11/7/13 EPD is again requesting your assistance in identifying this suspect wanted on felony forgery and uttering and forged check charges.  If you have any information regarding his identity please call EPD 951-1400 X223 or inbox this page., ANNUAL VETERANS DAY CEREMONY NOVEMBER 11, 2013
The Eastlake Veterans of Foreign Wars (V.F.W) Post #3863 and the Willowick-Eastlake American Legion Post #678 will hold their Annual Veterans Day Ceremony on Monday, November 11 at 11:00am in the gazebo at the Boulevard of 500 Flags or in case of inclement weather in the Council Chambers inside City Hall.
They extend an invitation to everyone who wishes to attend., 11/07/13 I’m sure most of you are aware of the sophisticated malware being delivered by in an executable file hidden inside an attachment that looks like a ZIP file or PDF that has been circulation over the last six weeks or so. The malware “hijacks” your files and you may not even be aware of the virus until a ransom notice shows up on your monitor asking for money to restore your files.  It has come to our attention one of the malware viruses being delivered is using (sales)@eastlakepd.org as the sender and contains a ZIP file containing the virus - do not open the file. The sender is not associated with this department in any manner., 11/06/13 EPD is seeking the public's assistance identifying the pictured male wanted for committing a felony theft at Bryant & Stratton College. If you know the male’s identity please contact EPD at 440-951-1400 Ext 223 or inbox our page. Reference #1301816., Our own Chief Whittington at the fire yesterday at the marsh. Photo courtesy of Bridget Gandee., Call Willoughby Police Department 440-951-1234 if you can help identify this male., PLANNED POWER OUTAGE for Tuesday, 11/05/13
There is a planned power outage scheduled for residents that live on Rural Rd on tomorrow to remove branches that have fallen on power lines. The outage should last approximately 4 hours., 11/03/13 Keith Ross, a 57 year old Mentor resident was charged with felony theft from yards for taking a $3000 boat trailer from Eastbank marina on 08/06/13. Ross advised he received between $80-$100 when he scraped the trailer. He is currently being held at Lake County Jail on this charge as well as several other thefts from another city., 11/03/13 a 13 year old male was charged with telephone harassment and impersonating a police officer from a October incident that occurred on Sylvia Dr.  The lad arrived at the home, identified himself as an officer to an adult at that home, accusing her young son of stealing a credit card.  The homeowner, believing it was a joke, sent the juvenile away who then began calling the home for several days, several times, identifying himself as an officer claiming they needed to talk about the stolen credit card. The juvenile was also charged with criminal damaging for breaking 8 windows out of Washington Elementary that occurred in October also.  He will be referred to the juvenile diversion program for many hours of community service., 11/01/13 1006hrs units responded to SR 91 and Stevens for a non-injury accident - a semi truck rear ended a passenger vehicle. There was minor damage to the vehicle but it became apparent the driver of the semi was under the influence. The 47 year old male resident was arrested and transported to the hospital to submit to blood and urine testing. He was transported back to EPD charged with suspected driving under the influence of drugs, no CDL/suspended license and assuring clear distance., Monday Night Domestic Violence Support Group:
Due to the busy holiday season approaching, there will be no group for the rest of this year. The support group will start back up the first Monday in January. The advocates are still available for anyone who has questions or concerns so please do not hesitate to call or come into the station and talk. Call (440) 951-1400 or (440) 975-4252 and ask for Michelle or Christine., We have just finished posting some of the many costumes worn by the kids at North High yesterday during a fun, but still productive, day.  We did not have a contest to judge the winner but the funniest would have to go to Officer McDonut., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Trick or Treating is still on from 6:00-8:00.  Please be extra careful as you are driving through the communities tonight.  Have fun, 10/29/13 at0856hrs EPD units were dispatched the area of Rokeby and Willowick Dr for a suspected OVI. The caller stated he is following a car driving over lawns and curbs in and near school zones. The suspect male driver then just stopped his car on the side of the road, got out and was sitting on the front porch of a house on Willowick Dr. The male at one point tried to get back in the car but workers at the house prevented him from doing so. On scene, the male was approached and asked for his name, but the male could only slur a few words. He was unable to talk competently, or function with any of his motor skills. The male was taken into custody and transported to lake west where he agreed to submit to a blood and urine test.  The 41 year old Mentor male was returned to EPD, processed and held charged with driving under the influence of alcohol and/or drugs. More charges are pending results of blood and urine results., 10/28/13 1517hrs an Officer had initiated a traffic stop on Lakeshore W/B near Woodland.  He had positioned his cruiser and exited the vehicle to approach the violator’s vehicle.  As he was walking to the violator’s vehicle, he was struck by the passenger side mirror of a W/B vehicle that was passing the cruiser, a marked police car with the overhead lights activated.  The driver of the suspect vehicle was apparently unaware that the officer had been struck and the vehicle continued W/B.  The Officer discontinued the stop he was on and got back to his cruiser and initiated a stop of the vehicle he had been struck by.  The driver initially advised  that he didn't see him and had no idea that he had struck him.  Then said he saw the officer and thought that he had room to go around him.  The driver was advised that he would be submitted for a driver’s license re-examination and was cited for a violation of requirements approaching public safety vehicle. The Officer sustained minor injuries., 10/28/13 0324hrs a resident on Woodland looking out his window observed two males rummaging through his vehicles that were parked in the driveway. Officers located the two brothers, 24 year old Marcus Schmidt and 26 year old David Schmidt, both residents, walking on Woodland. The two had entered vehicles on Woodland and Riverside removing loose change, jewelry, a camera, cigarettes and toilet paper and misc items. The brothers were arrested charged with two counts of theft and two counts of trespassing each. They were unable to post bond and are currently in Lake County jail. The recovered property was returned to the rightful owners., Trick or Treating in Eastlake will be Thursday Oct 31 from 6pm to 8pm, 10/26/13 0117hrs a vehicle was stopped for driving in a weaving pattern/off of the roadway on 91 at Stevens Bl.  The female driver, a 42 year old female from Mentor, was arrested for OVI, traffic violations and open container in a motor vehicle, as she was unable to maintain a standing position while attempting to perform sobriety testing.  Neither she, nor her passenger, knew what city they were in claiming they were in Mentor. The female passenger was transported to the station to arrange for transportation. During the booking process the driver was additionally charged with assaulting two police officers and criminal mischief charges., 10/25/13 1854hrs a burglary occurred in the 38000 block of Laura Dr that was committed during the morning/afternoon hours. The suspect(s) gained entry by forcing a door removing money, jewelry and small electronic equipment. Under investigation., 10/25/13 0044hrs report of an injury accident on SR 2 E/B near Vine St - a vehicle travelling in the high speed lane drifted into the middle lane striking the vehicle from behind, causing that vehicle to spin out of control. The at fault vehicle then struck the concrete wall stopping in the middle of the high speed lane.  The 28 year old female driver from Painesville was transported to the hospital by Willoughby rescue for treatment of her injuries and once treated she was given citations for OVI, marked lanes and drug paraphernalia/possession. Both vehicles had to be towed due to the extent of damage. The victim in the accident was transported to a location in Willoughby per her request., 10/25/13 Our department has had discussions with the Ohio Highway Patrol and you may see them in the area assisting us patrolling the roadways. They have jurisdiction throughout the entire state but are working in cooperation with us to alleviate traffic concerns within the city. They are doing this with a number of cities. Their units are out within our city and in the area.  We look forward to having additional partners to help with our mission.  We wanted to make sure that public has the information in case they saw their units out within the city. Please share this posting so others can be informed of the increased activity within the city, and neighboring cities, as not to cause alarm or additional concerns., 10/25/13 This photo was shared by a reader in the surfside area. (Thank you Mr EF). He writes, "Rather interesting find in the Surfside area. Its called a piebald deer. There is less then a 1% chance of one being born this way.", Ptl Rick Isabella received the 2013 Top Cop award for his OVI enforcement during the year. He was honored with other N/E Ohio officers at recent banquet.  Job well done., 10/23/13 2000hrs officers responded Stevens Blvd at SR 91 for a hit skip accident. Upon arrival the victim vehicle had heavy rear end damage. The license plate from the suspect vehicle had fallen off at impact. The now abandoned, disabled suspect vehicle was located with heavy front end damage on E360 and was towed. The suspect driver was later located on E357 walking. The 49 year old female resident admitted to being in the accident and fleeing. When asked about minor injuries she sustained, she advised she fell as she was walking. She was taken into custody for suspicion of OVI and leaving the scene. She refused to submit to breath testing and was held on court set bond and sobriety., 10/24/13 1438hrs this is the second time in three days that this 36 year old female resident was arrested for abusing harmful intoxicants. On 10/24 a report of an unconscious female in the Vineyards was called in. The woman was located inside of Good Sense’s restroom drinking and “huffing. On 10/21/13 she was arrested on the property of Kennedy Academy at 2:45pm huffing aerosol products. She was taken into custody at that time also. Currently she is being held at Lake County Jail as she was unable to post bond for the (10/24) second arrest., 10/22/13 1551hrs officers responded to the 400 block of E Overlook for a burglary in progress. Pre-teen children in the home reported a male climbed on the roof of their home and was attempting to make entry into the master bedroom window. On arrival it was learned the male fled into a wooded area behind the home. EPD along with Willoughby PD searched the wooded area without success. Soon after, a resident approached officers and advised the suspect may have boarded a LakeTran bus headed to Mentor.  Officers responded to Mentor and learned the male was dropped off at McDonalds. With the assistance of Mentor PD, 29 year old Dustin Wikinson was taken into custody and charged with felony attempted burglary. He is being held without bond until arraignment later today., null, Tonight 10/21/13 Support Group for Women Of Domestic Violence
Mondays at the Eastlake Police Department 35150 Lakeshore Blvd at 6:30-8:00PM
Support Group is available to women who are in unhealthy relationships and would like to talk and get more information on domestic violence.
For more information please call the Eastlake Victim Advocates at
#440-975-4252

If you are a male looking for a support group or assistance  we can provide information for you and we also have information for other local support groups that service men who are in a domestic violent relationship in the area., 10/20/13 midnight - a felony warrant was served on 37 year old Robert Greer of Cleveland after an on-going investigation for trafficking in drugs in the city. He was arrested by Shaker Hts PD and custody turned over to EPD. He was held on $20,000 cash or surety bond which has not been met., 10/19/13 0251hrs a resident in the 35000 block of Eastshore Blvd reported an intoxicated male entered their residence and they do not know who he is. On arrival the homeowner and the male were seated at a table talking. The 27 year old male, who was highly intoxicated, stated he was drinking and was dropped off at what he believed to be a friend’s home to sleep for the night. The male was taken into custody and charged with disorderly intox. The home owner did not wish to pursue any future charges as he believed the male did not enter his home to commit any crimes, he was just impaired., 10/18/13 1149hrs EPD along with assistance from Willowick PD responded to Chase Bank on Vine St for a bomb threat that was called into the bank by a customer that was upset over a banking issue. The customer stated she was on the way to the business. The bank and nearby businesses were evacuated for public safety.  The customer, a 33 year old female resident, was soon located at her residence and placed under arrest on a felony charge of inducing panic. She is being held without bond until arraignment today., TRICK OR TREAT for kids at the Classic car Cruise
Sunday October 20, 2013 from 3pm to 6pm
Located at the Blvd of Flags
Candy will be passed out to kids in costumes beginning at 4:30pm
Prize for best costume 6pm
DJ services by Rick Pettifer
Sponsored by RTS Service Center and the Fire Safety Company
**Regular Eastlake trick or treating will be Oct 31 from 6-8pm**, 10/17/13 1350hrs EPD responded to Walmart for a robbery complaint – 58 year old Chauncy Roseberry of Cleveland attempted to remove a 50” TV through the front doors of the store. When confronted by loss prevention, Roseberry reached for his waistband simulating he had a weapon. Roseberry then fled in his vehicle but was apprehended on SR 2 by officers. Inside his vehicle was additional stolen merchandise, no weapon was recovered. Total value of the theft is $646.00. He was placed under arrest for strong arm robbery and held without bond., 10/17/13 Kevin Jones, a 35 year old, resident, was arrested on grand theft charges. He is accused of stealing jewelry appraised at over $20,000 from a family member’s home. Most of the jewelry was taken to a gold buy back type store and was melted down for cash. He is being held without bond until arraignment today. (Before comments it should be noted he is not a substance abuser.), Cleveland, Ohio – U.S. Marshal Pete Elliott is pleased to announce the safe recovery of two infants who were reported missing and endangered when their parents fled with them after an emergency custody hearing in Lake County. Jennifer Crawford, age 34, and Christopher Rusyniak, age 41, of Willowick, OH were charged with interfe...rence with custody after they fled their Willowick residence with the children in order to avoid a court order granting temporary custody of the children to the Lake County Department of Jobs and Family Services. The Willowick Police Department and Lake County Sheriff’s Office launched an intense investigation to locate the children and their parents. Both agencies are active members of the Northern Ohio Violent Fugitive Task Force and they enlisted the help of the task force when the investigation led them to multiple jurisdictions outside of Lake County. 

Throughout the investigation task force officers from throughout Lake and Geauga County assisted in checking over 15 residences and conducting over three dozen interviews in cities throughout Lake, Geauga, Summit, and Cuyahoga Counties.

Yesterday evening at approximately 8:00 p.m., the task force was checking areas that the suspects were known to frequent when an alert task force member observed a vehicle belonging to one of the suspect’s family members exiting the I-480/Broadway off ramp. The officers followed the vehicle to a trailer park at 13505 Broadway, Garfield Heights, OH. Members of the task force determined what trailer the suspects were staying in and were able to locate and apprehend Jennifer Crawford and Christopher Rusyniak. During the arrest, officers also safely recovered both of the missing children.

Rusyniak and Crawford were transported to the Willowick Police Department. Both children were taken to Tri-Point Hospital by the Lake County Sheriff’s Office where they were admitted for observation.

U.S. Marshal Pete Elliot stated that, “The agencies and officers involved should be commended for their tenacious effort that led not only to the arrests of the two fugitives, but also the safe recovery of two very young children who were in a very dangerous situation.”

Anyone with information regarding the whereabouts of a known fugitive is encouraged to contact the U.S. Marshals Northern Ohio Violent Fugitive Task Force at 1-866-4WANTED or Text keyword WANTED and tip to TIP411 (847411) Tipsters can remain anonymous and reward money is available.

The Northern Ohio Violent Fugitive Task Force – Painesville Division is composed of the following federal, state and local agencies: U.S. Marshals Service, Lake, Geauga and Ashtabula County Sheriff’s Offices, Lake County Narcotic’s Agency Ashtabula County Adult Probation, Fairport Harbor Police Department, Mentor Police Department, Painesville Police Department, Willoughby Police Department, Willoughby Hills Police Department, Wickliffe Police Department, Eastlake Police Department, Willowick Police Department, Mentor on the Lake Police Department, Middlefield Police Department, Burton Police Department, Chester Township Police Department, Ashtabula Police Department, Conneaut Police Department, and the North Kingsville Police Department., Cleveland, Ohio – The U.S. Marshals led Northern Ohio Violent Fugitive Task Force is pleased to announce the arrest of Florida fugitive Robert Boggs.  Boggs, age 33, had been wanted by the Lake County Sheriff’s Department in Florida on warrants charging him with multiple counts of sexual battery of a child under 12 years of age, lewd and lascivious molestation of a child under 12 years of age and child abuse.  Sheriff’s detectives in Lake County Florida, just outside of Orlando, filed the charges on October 10th when a young relative of the suspect was taken to a local hospital emergency room.  The suspect immediately fled his residence when he found out that the child was in the hospital and the U.S. Marshals Florida Regional Fugitive Task Force was called in to assist with the investigation.
 U.S. Marshal’s investigators in Florida conducted an intense investigation and they were able to identify several friends and relatives of the suspect who lived in Geauga County.  Yesterday, they requested the assistance of the U.S. Marshals in northern Ohio and the task force immediately responded to the Middlefield, OH area to attempt to locate the suspect.  At approximately 6:15 p.m., a suspect matching Boggs description was seen leaving the house of one of his distant relatives and officers followed him to Wal-Mart in Middlefield.  When the suspect got out of the vehicle officers were able to clearly identify him and moved in for the arrest.  The suspect was arrested without incident and was transported to the Geauga County Jail pending extradition proceedings.  Over 15 task force members from Lake, Geauga, and Ashtabula Counties, along with the Middlefield Police Department and Geauga County Sheriff’s Office, assisted with the investigation and arrest.
 U.S. Marshal Pete Elliott said, “This is another excellent example of how the teamwork of all the men and women, from all the agencies that belong to the Task Force, came together to put another child rapist behind bars where they belong.” 
Anyone with information regarding the whereabouts of a known fugitive is encouraged to contact the U.S. Marshals Northern Ohio Violent Fugitive Task Force at 1-866-4WANTED or Text keyword WANTED and tip to TIP411 (847411) Tipsters can remain anonymous and reward money is available.

The Northern Ohio Violent Fugitive Task Force – Painesville Division is composed of the following federal, state and local agencies:  U.S. Marshals Service, Lake, Geauga and Ashtabula County Sheriff’s Offices, Lake County Narcotic’s Agency, Ashtabula County Adult Probation, Fairport Harbor Police Department, Mentor Police Department, Painesville Police Department, Willoughby Police Department, Willoughby Hills Police Department, Wickliffe Police Department, Eastlake Police Department, Willowick Police Department, Mentor on the Lake Police Department, Middlefield Police Department, Burton Police Department, Chester Township Police Department, Ashtabula Police Department, Conneaut Police Department, and the North Kingsville Police Department., ROAD CLOSURE:  October 21 – October 24 the railroad crossing at E 361St/Beidler Rd will be closed. CSX will be repairing tracks and signals., 10/17/13 EPD received information on this drug early this year. The drug arrived in the United States via Russia and has slowly made it's way east. This drug is mistaken for herion and has devistating effects. (Story by Huffington Post)
Two Chicago-area sisters have sounded warning calls about a new drug making headlines for its horrifying effects.
Reports of Krokodil in the United States have surfaced over the last few weeks. The drug produces a heroin-like high but it also makes people "rot from the inside out," a doctor told the Chicago Sun-Times.
Now, two sisters from Joliet, Ill., are speaking out about what they said krokodil did to them.
"It almost starts like a burn from a cigarette," Amber Neitzel told WLS. "It starts purple and then goes into a blister after five or six days."
Neitzel's case is one of five krokodil-related hospitalizations reported in Illinois, according to WLS. She and her sister are heroin addicts who say they thought that's what they were injecting. Instead, they got something much worse, Neitzel said.
Neitzel's sister Angela suffered such severe gangrene, she had to have emergency surgery to avoid losing her legs.
“You literally start rotting from the inside out," Dr. Abhin Singla told the Sun-Times. "It’s a horrific way to get sick. "Intensive treatment and skin grafts are required, but they are often not enough to save limbs or lives.”
But some officials have insisted that not all of these harsh effects can necessarily be attributed to krokodil.
"We see IV drug users with horrible infections on a daily basis," Oklahoma Bureau of Narcotics Spokesperson Mark Woodward previously told The Huffington Post. "Infections from bacteria and dirty needles -- that doesn't mean it's [krokodil]."
A spokesman for the DEA's Chicago Field Division told HuffPost that it was investigating reports of krokodil in Illinois last week, but had not yet confirmed the presence of the drug in the state as of Monday., October is Domestic Violence Awareness month. Listed are a few statistics you may not be aware of. Contact EPD’s Victim Advocates if you or someone you know needs assistance or have questions regarding domestic violence. 440-951-1400 ask for Michelle or Christine. 

Every 9 seconds in the US a woman is assaulted or beaten.

- Around the world, at least one in every three women has been
beaten, coerced into sex or otherwise abused during her lifetime. Most often, the abuser is a member of her own family.
- Domestic violence is the leading cause of injury to women—more
than car accidents, muggings, and rapes combined.
- Studies suggest that up to 10 million children witness some form
of domestic violence annually.
- Nearly 1 in 5 teenage girls who have been in a relationship said
a boyfriend threatened violence or self-harm if presented with a breakup.
- Everyday in the US, more than three women are murdered by their husbands or boyfriends.
- Ninety-two percent of women surveyed listed reducing domestic
violence and sexual assault as their top concern.
- Domestic violence victims lose nearly 8 million days of paid work
per year in the US alone—the equivalent of 32,000 full-time jobs.
- Based on reports from 10 countries, between 55 percent and 95
percent of women who had been physically abused by their partners had never contacted non-governmental organizations, shelters, or the police for help.
- The costs of intimate partner violence in the US alone exceed
$5.8 billion per year: $4.1 billion are for direct medical and health care services, while productivity losses account for nearly $1.8 billion.
- Men who as children witnessed their parents’ domestic violence
were twice as likely to abuse their own wives than sons of nonviolent parents.

http://domesticviolencestatistics.org/domestic-violence-statistics/, 10/13/13 1312hrs a resident called in a suspicious vehicle complaint – a vehicle occupied by two people “crushing something up” in the car. On arrival a 19 year old female resident and her 20 year old male passenger were identified. Located in the vehicle were cut down straws containing residue and pills later identified as oxycodone hydrochloride. The 19 year old was arrested and charged with felony possession of drugs and a misdemeanor charge of drug paraphernalia, She is being held without bond until arraignment tomorrow. the male passenger was released on scene with no charges, 10/12/13 1416hrs a 21 year old Niles, Oh woman was arrested for possession of heroin and drug instruments. Family members practicing “tough love” turned in the woman who was suppose to be in court ordered treatment stemming from an arrest in her hometown. She is being held without bond until arraignment tomorrow., 10/11/13 a resident reported a burglary in the 700 block of E 344St during the hours of 830am and 7pm. Persons unknown entered the home and removed a large amount of jewelry and additional small valuable items., Thanks to your tips and information called in and messaged to this page reference a posting on 10/02, the suspect has been identified and warrants issued for his arrest. Once the warrants are served we will provide additional information. Thank you. ***10/02/13 EPD is still seeking the identity of this male that removed three computers from the old Walmart in June valued at $2500., Officer Korun received a well deserved thank you from W/E Care Preschool from a recent visit. Job well done., RESIDENT REMINDER
A Lake County man discovered a theft shortly after a woman knocked on his door and claimed to be a representative of a tree-trimming service. She asked the person to come outside and look at a tree that needs to be trimmed. Once the person is outside another person enters the home to steal items of value.
The City of Eastlake requires all solicitors to have a valid permit through the City. Solicitors holding valid permits as of this date (10/10/13) are as follows: Teen USA Volunteers, Davey Tree Service for CEI (walking the area to plan trree trimming for CEI), Lindsey Construction and Design, Busy Bee Restoration and Constelltion (Energy Solutions type company)
Do not allow any unknown persons into your home or allow them to occupy your time outside of your home. If you feel the person is acting suspiciously or is soliciting without a permit call EPD dispatch as this page is not monitored 24/7., 10/10/13 posted by request of a young victim of the theft of his new 20" red and black BMX bicycle that was stolen from his yard in the 300 block of E 331St. (Refer to report 1301640), 10/09/13 Officer J Perkins (center) receives the combat cross from the Lake County Association of Chiefs of Police for his actions in apprehending a suspect in Eastlake this past July. Congratulations to Officer Perkins., 10/08/13 1845hrs officers responded to a burglary complaint in the 1200 block of E 345St that is believed to have been committed between 3:30 and 4:30pm. Entry was made through an open, unlocked window where the suspect removed several items of jewelry from a bedroom. Earlier in the day (11:45am) a resident reported a theft of jewelry from his home, unknown when the theft occurred, in the 1300 block of E 345St. Is unknown if the two incidents are related however due to the close proximity we are asking residents to be ever vigilant and report any suspicious activity in the area., Monthly siren testing of the emergency system for Lake County...., 10/08/13 0700hrs a 9-1-1 hang-up welfare check resulted in the felony arrest of 21 year old Robert Wormald. Wormald, who had called 911, was having a verbal altercation with his brother which was resolved while police were on scene, however Wormald had a felony warrant for stealing and using a family members ATM card without permission. He was held on court set bond of $5000/10%., 10/08/13 0812hrs a 26 year old male resident was charged with making a false police report - a misdemeanor. The male reported to this department on 07/16/13 that he was robbed by gunpoint on E 361St of $5000.  During the course of the investigation, which led as far as Medina County, it was found that the allegation was false. He was released on court set bond of $5000 cash or surety., 10/04/13 1841hrs a report of a female driving recklessly on Traymore led to the arrest of 33 year old Stacey Suchy for felony drug possession and driving under suspension. Suchy was found to be in possession of several different varieties of script medications that she does not have prescriptions for. She was held without bond until arraignment., 10/04/13 0040hrs a 28 year old male resident was arrested on a warrant for felony possession of heroin stemming from an incident which occurred in the city in mid September on Jakse Dr., 10/03/13 1225hrs report of two females in custody for theft at Walmart – while responding, EPD received a call of another female shoplifter who was leaving the area in a vehicle. The vehicle was located on Lakeland Blvd and stopped. The 26 year old Euclid woman had loaded a baby stroller with several six packs of redbull valued at $89.40 and left the store. She was taken into custody, made a phone call for someone to retrieve her baby and charged with theft and driving under suspension. Meanwhile back at Walmart, a 58 year old mother/26 year old daughter, both residents, were taken into custody for their theft of $131.73 worth of bakery items and clothing. All three were bonded out on $404 cash each shortly after by family members., 10/03/13 1040hrs a resident in the 33000 block of Barbara reported an attempted burglary at their residence. The caller stated a male, described as in his twenties, short hair wearing a white hoodie, approximately 5'5""- 5'7" with a thin build, attempted to enter the home through a back door then fled through backyards when he was observed by the homeowner. The male has not been located., In addition to the City Of Eastlake’s regular trick or treating night on 10/31/13 from 6pm to 8pm there will be trick or treating for kids at the Classic Car Cruise on 10/20/13 from 3pm to 6pm located behind City Hall. There will be food vendors and a prize for best costume. (Kids must dress in costumes). Candy for the children will begin at 4:30pm. This event is sponsored by RTS Service Center and The Fire Safety Company., 10/02/13 Kevin Paris, a 25 year old resident, was arrested on a felony warrant that was issued for a breaking and entering in August on E 337. Paris is accused of entering a vacant home to commit a theft of copper pipes and aluminum witnessed by a resident in a neighboring home. Officers followed a trail of scrap through a wooded area to an apartment complex where another witness identified the suspect. Paris is also accused of stealing money from a residence in another case that occurred a week later resulting in another misdemeanor theft charge. He is being held on a $5000 cash or surety bond as set by court., 10/02/13 EPD is still seeking the identity of this male that removed three computers from the old Walmart in June valued at $2500. He is described as a B/M approximately 5’7” – 5’8”. He was seen getting into a maroon SUV driven by a female. This same male according to loss prevention officers is a suspect at the Bainbridge Walmart for stealing Xbox systems also in June. If anyone has any information or can provide an identity contact EPD Detective Bureau at 440-951-1400., null, null, 09/28/13 0239hrs officer on patrol saw two young juvenile females walking on Glen Dr. When the juveniles saw the officer they fled on foot through a backyard on Glen. One female, a 16 year old resident was located after a short foot pursuit through a wooded area. The other 17 year old female was located hiding behind a vehicle in a driveway. Both juveniles were intoxicated and taken into custody. Breath tests were administered – the 17 year old had an alcohol level of 0.173, the 16 year old was 0.093. Both girls were released to their respective mothers and will be contacted by juvenile court with a court date., 09/28/13 0137hrs a caller reported suspicious activity in an occupied vehicle parked on E 362St. Upon approach to the vehicle officers observed the passenger attempting to conceal an object in the glove box.  The 19 year old resident was removed from the vehicle for identification. When he reached into his pocket to remove his wallet an orange syringe cap fell to the ground. Next, the driver, a 24 year old Euclid resident was identified and found to have a felony warrant through a neighboring city for trafficking in heroin and placed into custody. During a search of inventory prior to a tow a syringe was located under the passenger side seat that the passenger admitted to as being his and he was taken into custody as well. During booking of the passenger, additional narcotics were located within his property. He was charged with felonies for possession of heroin, possession of dangerous drugs, conveying drugs into a detention facility and misdemeanor charges of possession of a drug abuse instrument and possess of drugs. He was held for arraignment, the driver was released to another agency on their warrant, 09/26/13 1931hrs a caller reported a male attempting to get a female into his vehicle in the Drug Mart parking lot and it did not appear as though the female wanted to leave with the male. On arrival the male advised his girlfriend was highly intoxicated and he was attempting to get her home. The female, you was intoxicated, said the male was her boyfriend but she wanted to go to jail.  She said “jail is fun” and “I want to ride in a police car.”  She was advised that her trip to jail would be accompanied by a disorderly conduct ticket due to the intoxication and she again demanded to go to jail. The 27 year old female from Wickliffe went to jail and released the next morning with her citation., Another community beautification project completed by the Eastlake Juvenile Diversion Program located on SR 91 just south of the fire department drive. Juveniles in this program perform community service projects in lieu of going to court for minor infractions as first time offenders. Once the program is successfully completed, the juveniles are left with no criminal record. Special thanks to Giant Eagle, DiMilta’s and Gales Garden Center for their generous contributions for partially funding this project., Northern Ohio U.S. Marshals celebrate 10-year task force with visit to Indians' Progressive Field
  
By: Colin McDermott, newsnet5.com
CLEVELAND - On Friday, dozens of law enforcement agencies, including the U.S. Marshal Service of Northern Ohio, celebrated the 10-year anniversary of the successful Violent Fugitive Task Force at Progressive Field.

U.S. Marshals, local police chiefs and representatives from various agencies first took something of a class photo in the stands, before being allowed to pose for a group photo on the field Friday afternoon. The baseball field is actually a fitting setting.

“We have the bases covered all the way across the board and they're making a tremendous difference together,” said U.S. Marshal Pete Elliott.

Elliott formed the Violent Fugitive Task Force in 2003. In that time, the partnerships have grown to 125 agencies and more than 375 law enforcement officers who have helped catch more than 32,000 fugitives.

The office for U.S. Marshals of Northern Ohio is based in downtown Cleveland, but its dozens of Marshals cover 40 of the state’s northern counties. The task force makes overcoming that challenge possible.

"We are covered from Akron to Cleveland to Youngstown to Toledo to Mansfield to Lake, Geauga, Ashtabula, down to Canton, and all over the 40 counties of northern Ohio,” Elliott said. “Today was a great representation of our partnerships together … I'm very, very proud of the men and women that go out there every day and make such a difference."

Ryan Helfrich is a Deputy U.S. Marshal under Elliott. Being on the streets daily, he said the task force not only makes it easier to track down fugitives, but the fugitives are aware of its reputation.

"It's getting to the point now where they know that there's nowhere they can go, there's nowhere they can hide without us being able to find them and put them where they belong,” Helfrich said.

It was a different story before the formation of the task force.

“Before and after, you relied on the local municipality where you were at, and oftentimes they were out on calls and, just like everyone else who called in with an emergency, we would be put on hold and waiting for the next car to be available,” said Michael Beebe, the Akron Regional Administrator for Adult Parole Authority. “Now with the U.S. Marshals Task Force and officers from each jurisdiction, the reaction is almost immediate.”

Beebe’s counterpart in Cleveland agreed.

"It actually reaches outside of Ohio,” said Steve Vukmer, Regional Administrator for Ohio Adult Parole Authorities in Cleveland. “We've had guys with warrants here who are picked up in Florida or California, and the Marshals, being a federal agency, are able to locate them quickly in other areas."

Much less challenging for the Marshals was getting them and their partners together for Friday’s group photo. Elliott said the Dolan family, which owns the Cleveland Indians, is a large supporter of law enforcement, and were more than happy to open up the field for the milestone.

Jim Folk, Vice President of Ballpark Operations for the Indians, helped arrange the photo shoot.

“To be able to bring them down for the 10th anniversary, and most of these guys have never been on our field before, so it's really a thrill for us and I think a good experience for them as well," Folk said. "The work that they all do is just terrific, and to be able to give back just a little bit, just this small thing, we're just honored to do it."

Elliott agreed that the men and women who have helped make the task force successful are the real stars.

"They're the best. I'm so proud of them. I'm proud to be a partner of theirs and we are one team, across the board and I'm very proud of the job they're doing every single day,” he said.

While Friday’s celebrating marked a successful milestone for the task force, the Marshals and their partners kept in mind the solemn cause that started their mission ten years ago.

“We started this task force in 2003 in memory of a Cleveland police officer who was slain in the line of duty, Wayne Leon,” Elliott said. “We vow as a team every single day to go after violent criminals, violent fugitives, no matter where they run, where they hide, and we do that very, very quickly, and we do that together, and we are making the streets safe."

[Look for Colin McDermott's upcoming web series that will explore the world of the U.S. Marshal Service of northern Ohio.]

Copyright 2013 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed, The city of Eastlake welcomes Alex Hearn as a full time firefighter for the city., 09/22/13 2014hrs a complaint of an open burning in the 1300 block of E 345th where it was reported people (5 adults) were throwing unknown items into the fire causing them to explode.  On arrival the fire had been already put out by water. There was melted shot gun shells in the driveway, some which still had the wading and gun powder in them.  There were also pellet dents in the garage door.  When asked who threw the shotgun shells into the fire, a male guest fled on foot.  On 09/23/13 the 26 year old resident turned himself in on charges of obstructing official business and discharging projectiles with in the city limits. He was processed and released on an unsecured $3000 bond., Anyone missing a dog? Hulett/Jakse/340th area. In a neighbor's backyard at the moment. Has a reddish collar, but it's too scared for me to get close to. He has been laying back there for some time now since he can't figure out how to get back out. Was in the woods before the backyard. Looks like a Bermese mixed with Rottweiler. Message me if you know whose dog it is please!
, 09/21/13 1739hrs EPD officers responded to the area of E 337 south of Vine for a motor vehicle accident. Upon arrival both vehicles were located on Morris. One motorist involved reported he observed a white jeep "fishtailing" as it was making the turn onto E 337 from Vine swerving out of control and it was evident that he was going to be hit head on so he sped up to try to avoid the collision. The out of control vehicle struck the drivers side rear of his vehicle and then continued southbound on E 337 to Morris where  two males exited the vehicle and attempted to leave the scene on foot when EPD officers arrived on the scene. Both males denied driving the vehicle despite eye witness statements identifying the driver. The 44 year old Painesville resident was taken into custody on suspicion of OVI, hit skip, failure to control and driving under suspension. The male, who still denied driving the vehicle, refused to submit to a breath test. He was unable to post court set bond., 09/20/13 some of our elderly residents have recently targeted in this scam: An unknown caller claims to be with Medicare to inform you that you are receiving a new Medicare card. They ask you for your banking information so your Medicare funds can be direct deposited. There is no new card and sharing your banking information will drain your account. Please share with the elderly - If you suspect identity theft, or believe you gave your personal information to a scammer, call the Federal Trade Commission’s ID Theft Hotline at 1-877-438-4338.
See Medicare.gov for more information about Medicare fraud and ID theft. To find out more about scams, check out the new BBB Scam Stopper., There will be No Monday night Domestic Violence Support Group tonight September 23, 2013
Group will resume on Monday September 30, 2013 at 6:30pm.

Monday: Support Group For Women of Domestic Violence
Mondays at the Eastlake Police Department 35150 Lakeshore Blvd, 6:30-8:00PM

Support Group is available to women who are in unhealthy relationships and would like to talk and get more information on domestic violence.

Domestic violence and emotional abuse are behaviors used by one person in a relationship to control the other. Partners may be married or not married; heterosexual, gay, or lesbian; living together, separated or dating.
Examples of abuse include: name-calling or putdowns, keeping a partner from contacting their family or friends, withholding money, stopping a partner from getting or keeping a job, actual or threatened physical harm, sexual assault, stalking , intimidation.

Violence can be criminal and includes physical assault (hitting, pushing, shoving, etc.), sexual abuse (unwanted or forced sexual activity), and stalking. Although emotional, psychological and financial abuse are not criminal behaviors, they are forms of abuse and can lead to criminal violence. The violence takes many forms and can happen all the time or once in a while Information provided by: http://www.domesticviolence.org/definition/)

For more information please call the Eastlake Victim Advocates at
#440-975-4252

If you are a male looking for a support group or assistance please do not hesitate to call. We can provide information and we also have information for other local support groups that service men who are in a domestic violent relationship in the area., Great job to all members involved!
9 in area among 92 charged in Northeast Ohio heroin case 
Devon Turchan
Thursday, September 19,2013
Neither heroin use nor the trafficking circles that surround the drug have boundaries of race, age, socioeconomic standing or municipality.
Two Painesville residents, one South Euclid man and six Euclid residents were part of a 92-suspect indictment — 32 in Cuyahoga County Common Pleas Court and 60 in federal court — announced at a news conference Wednesday afternoon.
United States Attorney Steven M. Dettelbach said it is the biggest roundup of its kind in Northeast Ohio.
Of them, Beneditto Belfiore, 23, of South Euclid and Dammarkro Nolan, 39, of Painesville, are still wanted for the alleged trafficking crimes. They both face federal charges.
The distinction between state and federal charges was made based on what was most advantageous in terms of criminal litigation, Dettelbach said.
Nolan, according to a U.S. Department of Justice news release, was part of the transportation efforts from Atlanta to Cleveland. The drugs were sent either by mail or car.
“People in all parts of our community need to take note. It’s in all communities,” Dettelbach told The News-Herald.
The indictments are related to an alleged “conspiracy to bring heroin from Chicago and Atlanta and sell it throughout Greater Cleveland,” that began in “at least September 2011,” according to the release.
The other area names on the list of suspects facing federal charges are Sandra Miller, 33, of Painesville and, of Euclid: Jacob Derrickson, 25; Lachelle Hall, 30; Dominique Ivory, 25; Devonta Maxwell, 30; Maceo Moore, 37; and Ed Nix, 48.
The indictment points out the severe forms of violence and burglary that are a part of heroin dealing and using circles.
“To the men and women who put their lives on the line today and knocked on those doors and helped bring those people to justice, from the bottom of my heart, thank you, and keep up the good work and we’re here to support you,” Euclid Mayor Bill Cervenik said.
VIDEO: Euclid Mayor Bill Cervenik speaks out on the heroin trafficking problem
They would use firearms or zip ties to restrain victims of robbery, according to the release.
“The message is simple: Get out, you don’t belong here. ... We’re not going to let up. We’re going to keep
coming after you,” Cervenik said.
“Your days of destroying places in the city of Euclid and northern Collinwood are through.”
More than 14 law enforcement agencies made up the Northern Ohio Law Enforcement Task Force involved in the investigation.
Cuyahoga County Prosecutor Timothy J. McGinty passed along an estimation from the county’s medical examiner that there will be 870 heroin-related deaths in 2013, a 500 percent increase from last year.
None that spoke could pinpoint a cause for the severe rise in cases.
Cleveland Ward 11 Councilman Michael D. Polensek said he has been involved with the fight against heroin for years and has seen “tons of” people from Willoughby, Mentor and farther east in Lake and Ashtabula counties that are addicted to heroin and drive to Euclid or Cleveland to purchase it.
He said there is a public denial that must be broken in order to combat the use.
He spoke to the danger of the heroin dealers themselves saying, “They do whatever they have to do. There is no fear of God or respect. They abuse and steal.”
Dettelbach said some of the suspects have bragged about their crimes and have even made videos about their pride in what they do.
He said many are involved in violent gangs.
“These organizations in the task force did a tremendous job today. We can’t thank them enough,” Cervenik said. “A special thanks and gratitude needs to go from all of the residents affected by the sales of heroin.”, 09/16/13 0031hrs EPD responded to a vehicle vs pole accident in the 1200 block of Waverly Rd. On arrival a vehicle was in the front yard of a residence. The pole that was struck had been moved approx. 2’ and was cracked. It was determined the vehicle traveling N/B on Waverly at a high rate of speed, left the right side of the roadway, went airborne over a drainage ditch striking the utility pole two feet above the ground. The 23 year old female resident was transported to Lake West for treatment of non life threatening injuries. She was charged with failure to control and driving under the influence. More charges may forthcoming pending the outcome of blood testing at the Lake County Crime Lab., 09/15/13 0237hrs report of a possible overdose on Jakse Dr. Prior to arrival the victim’s girlfriend was able to perform CPR and revived the 28 year old male who had turned blue and was convulsing. EFD tended treatment to the male who later admitted using heroin. Pending lab results of evidence found on scene the male will be charged with possession of heroin.  And YES, we do charge and follow up with drug overdoses/abuse – placing them into the system forces them to receive jail treatment they otherwise may not seek. We’d much rather face the addict in court rather than deliver the death notice to their next of kin., 09/14/13 1410hrs a 59 year old Cleveland male was arrested for shoplifting 13 pairs of headphones and a charger at Drug Mart valued at $132.35. He was unable to post bond and is being held for court arraignment., Starting tomorrow, 09/17/13, construction at E 337 and Curtis will be moved to E 361 and Lakeland Blvd. Expect long delays with the traffic pattern changing daily. We suggest you find an alternate route while this work is being performed. We will post updates as we receive them., 09/13/13 EPD and EFD responded to a home on King Dr for a 35 year old female who called 9-1-1 to report she was overdosing on heroin. On scene a second 34 year old female exited the restroom visibly trembling. The 35 year was transported to Lake West for treatment for her drug abuse, the 34 year old was taken into custody for possession of heroin and drug abuse instruments. (Apparently we interrupted her attempt to inject the drug). Charges pending lab results on the 35 year old are possession of heroin, drug abuse instruments and permitting drug abuse., 09/12/13 two down, one to go…. Kelli Jones, 49 years old from Cleveland, turned herself in to the US Marshalls in connection with the recent arrest of Michael Sailes where the two are accused of diverting the attention of elderly female shoppers while one of two accomplices steals the victim’s wallet, credit cards and/or checkbook. Jones was charged with 3 counts of felony complicity to theft, 1 misdemeanor count of misuse of credit card, and three additional misdemeanor counts of complicity to theft.  She is currently being held at the Lake County Jail., 09/12/13 1319hrs a complaint of juveniles acting suspiciously on Waverly Rd led to the arrest of a juvenile and one adult male at Jakse Park. Upon approach of the officer the juvenile from Willowick, attempted to conceal marijuana on his person, when placed under arrest the juvenile fled on foot. He was soon apprehended and charged with escape, possession of marijuana, paraphernalia and a felony charge of tampering with evidence. He was transported to the detention center. The 22 year old adult male (resident), when asked, emptied his pockets, revealing marijuana packaged for sale and cocaine. He was charged with felony trafficking and felony possession of cocaine. He was held without bond pending arraignment., 09/12/13 0713hrs report of a hit-skip accident that occurred on Wanaka. In addition to a  vehicle that was struck in a driveway, a large stone landscape garden, an intricately crafted mailbox, two other mailboxes (as well as their support posts) and the yard across the street from the complainant’s residence had been damaged.  The suspect vehicle was located parked on a nearby street and towed as evidence. Later in the day (about 20hrs after the accident) the vehicle owner responded to EPD and admitted to have been drinking at the time of the accident. The 24 year old resident was cited for hit-skip, failure to control, improper backing, and lanes of travel and released., 09/12/13 ON 09/10/13 54 year old Michael Sailes of Cleveland was apprehended by members of this department along with the US Marshall’s Fugitive Task Force. Sailes is accused of diverting the attention of elderly female shoppers (70’s – 80’s) while one of his two accomplices steals the victims wallet, credit cards and/or checkbook. This occurred in our city on June 12, 16 and July 22, 2013 by the same three suspects. The accomplices are being actively sought with arrests forthcoming.   Sailes was charged with 3 counts of felony theft, 1 misdemeanor count of misuse of credit card, 2 additional misdemeanor counts of theft and he also has a felony warrant issued by another agency. He is currently being held at the Lake County Jail., 09/10/13 0244hrs officer on patrol checking businesses on E 361 located an occupied vehicle parked in the rear of a business. When asked, the male reported he was waiting for a friend and handed over a driver’s license with the picture not resembling the operator. Officer on scene recognized the male from prior contacts and a check showed he had three warrants from other cities, one being a felony. Inventory of vehicle due to the arrest revealed several small electronics, several power tools, gift cards, narcotics, another driver’s license and a handgun. The male, 44 year old Todd Allen of Medina, was charged with felony weapons under disability, receiving stolen property, identity fraud, and drug abuse along with several other misdemeanor charges. Property recovered was from thefts committed in neighboring cities as well as Cleveland Metro Parks, Kirtland and Lake Metro parks., 09/10/13 0058hrs a 27 year old Painesville man was arrested and charged with criminal damaging after destroying a sink in the men’s restroom at a local “watering hole”. He proceeded to drunkenly brag about the deed to his buddies while still in the establishment drawing the attention of the barmaid. The male also was held for a neighboring city for a warrant for his arrest., These pictures are from the 911 Ceremony that was held on Sunday at the Boulevard of Flags., These pictures are from the 911 Ceremony that was held on Sunday at the Boulevard of Flags., null, A few more updates:
09/05/13 persons unknown entered the shed at the Community Center by the Little League softball fields and helped themselves to a riding lawn mower. They also damaged a field machine. 
09/06/13 report of a theft of cigarettes from Surfside Convenient, Officers were unable to ID the male via the surveillance video. On 09/07/13 the same male once again entered the store, wearing the same clothing, and was arrested for the theft. He also had active warrants through S Euclid PD and E Cleveland.
09/07/13 vehicles were gone through in the 34700 block of Lakeshore Blvd. Small electronic items were taken from vehicles totaling almost $500.
09/07/13 the same male arrested for theft of cigarettes from Convenient was arrested on another charge of shoplifting for stealing cigars and cigarettes from Circle K., Just a couple of quick updates from last week: 
09/02/13 theft of two full five gallon gas cans from a garage in the 33000 block of Willowick Dr. 
A 26 year old Mentor male was arrested for theft after stealing 10 tires of vehicles at TKP auto on Vine. He also was charged with driving under suspension.
09/03/13 a 17 year old male was arrested on felony warrants for escape and burglary from Lake County Juvenile Court and Youngstown. His 30 year old mother was also arrested on a felony warrant through LCSO.
At 2307hrs a report of a 7 year old child walking on Vine St in PJ’s and a blanket led to the arrest of his 34 year old mother who left the child along while she went shopping in another city. The child had left the apartment in hopes of locating his mother’s car.
09/04/13 a 19 year old female from Cleveland, a two month employee of Walmart, was charged with felony theft, Loss prevention reviewing surveillance videos observed the female taking a total of $3076 out of registers she was assigned to.
Later that day a 18 year old Euclid woman was arrested for shoplifting over $200 of underwear from the store. More to follow…, Please be advised there is road work being done at the intersection of E 337 st. and Curtis Blvd. Traffic is extremly limited going north bound on E 337 st.  Please expect delays. Please try to take an alternate route to aviod the area. This will be like this for the next few weeks., This dog was located in the area of E 341 and Vine st. today.  Please call Eastlake PD at 440-951-1400 to claim or if you know who it belongs to, There will be no Monday night Domestic Violence Support Group September 2, 9, 16, and 23rd.
Group will resume on Monday September 30, 2013 at 6:30pm.
If you need assistance, have questions, or would like information on other support groups in the area, please call the victim advocates at #440-975-4252., 08/29/13 1631hrs a 20 year old Willoughby hills woman is facing felony charges of escape along with misdemeanor charges of theft and falsification. The female shopper selected a tote bag and book bag from the shelf then walked around Walmart  selecting various blue ray movies, clothing, and cosmetics concealing them under her shirt and in the bags that she selected. Once detained inventory of all the items in the shopping cart (and bags) came to a total of $520.32.  The female provided a false name and social security number when asked to identify herself to officers. Upon asking to use the restroom, in an attempt to be polite and accommodating, she was escorted to the restroom by customer service and the officer. As the female neared customer service area where the restrooms were, she then decided to run from officers. As the female entered the main isle, she tripped herself and fell to the ground and was subsequently placed back into custody. She was transported and  processed at EPD held on a $5000 cash bond labeled as a flight risk., 08/28/13 2030hrs report of a hit-skip accident in the 36000 block of Reeves Rd. On arrival the victim reported he was traveling E/B on Reeves when another vehicle drove left of center striking the driver side of his vehicle. Another officer continued on Reeves to attempt to locate the suspect vehicle. The vehicle was located in the 36300 block of Reeves in a front yard where the operator had struck a tree. The 56 year old female driver from Perry was extracted from her vehicle and transported to Lake West for treatment of her non- life threatening injuries. After treatment was completed she was arrested and charged with OVI, having a weapon while under the influence, (handgun was located in the vehicle), hit-skip, left of center and failure to control., I am writing this to address some concerns and misinformation about the new scavenger law that has been enacted.  This was brought up my members in the community and was addressed by city council and I.  Prior to this law, any item could be taken off the tree lawn at any time.  Our motive is to regulate the hours and items that can be taken.  With a law on the books it gives us the ability to stop and identify the people who are doing this.  Any new law will have its supporters and detractors.  Feel free to join us in the next council meeting to address individual concerns or contact me at the PD.

Chief Larry Reik
440 951-1400, Eastlake addresses scavenging concerns by offering permits
By Elizabeth Lundblad, The News-Herald 
People wishing to pick items from discarded materials from Eastlake residents will have the opportunity to register with the city for permission. Tuesday night, Eastlake City Council approved an ordinance where interested parties can apply for and pay $15 for a scavenging permit that would allow them to remove individual discarded items from tree lawns. The trash-picking ordinance would not permit people to dig through sealed bags of trash, but is intended to permit items like old tables, chairs or other furniture to be removed. Hours for the scavenging would be limited to between 7 a.m. and 9 p.m. Although discussed between council members earlier in the year, Ward 1 Councilman Joe D’Ambrosio said the topic resurfaced after trash-picking complaints began coming in after the flooding event of July 20 that inundated the city and surrounding areas with storm water and backed up sewage. Residents in non-dedicated streets, areas with streets and sidewalks considered to be private property only open to development residents, expressed concern that the permit would violate the homeowners association’s no trespassing rules. Law Director Randy Klammer and Police Chief Larry Reik said the issue is not clear cut and the city would look into the specific parameters of the city’s non-dedicated street ordinance to come up with a more concrete and balanced answer. The scavenging permits would only be valid for one year, from Jan. 1 to Dec. 31, and need to be renewed each year. D’Ambrosio said the permits are not retroactive and if purchased after the beginning of a calendar year would only last until Dec. 31 of that year. Each registered individual would be required to display their picking permit so it is visible from the vehicle’s windshield. Every vehicle used for scavenging must have a permit, individuals cannot register multiple vehicles on one account. Reik said residents who do not see a picker permit on a vehicle should note the vehicle’s license plate and contact police. Violators will be given an initial warning and then subsequently be charged with a minor misdemeanor if found to be breaking the ordinance after that. Minor misdemeanors typically come with a fine of $100. Residents should report scavenging outside the permitted time frame to police., 08/26/13 1821hrs a 40 year old female and 30 year old male, both Cleveland residents, were arrested and charged with the theft of $363.90 worth of merchandise from Walmart. Baby formula, diapers, men and women’s clothing were among the 41 stolen items. Once back at EPD both made several phone calls to make arrangements for someone to take custody of their two young children - who were picked up shortly after. Once processing was complete the female wanted to dispute the amount of merchandise that was taken and soon after posted her court set bond of $350. The male was placed into jail awaiting bond which was posted later by his released accomplice., 08/26/13 theft report taken at Monreal Funeral Home on Curtis Blvd. Between 08/25/13 during the evening and 3pm 08/26/13 someone stole six plants from the flower beds the landscaper had planted., 08/26/13 EPD has taken several reports of thefts from vehicles at Dover Place Apts. Suspects are ransacking/damaging the vehicles and taking anything of value. Please keep your car doors locked and windows up. Do not leave valuables, purses, wallets or identification in your vehicles., 08/27/13 public school students begin their first day back to school this morning, we will be conducting selective enforcement in school zones. Slow down and watch for students - lets have a safe day back., 08/22/13 1812hrs a complaint came to EPD lobby to report his truck was stolen from a business on Curtis. Officers recalled this was the same truck from the previous post (disturbance) where the driver of the vehicle had fled on foot. Checking the area, the truck was still parked in the lot at Ranch Manor. The truck owner was driven to the area and his vehicle returned to him.  While speaking with residents at Ranch Manor the passenger that was in the truck advised the driver just called him asking for a ride back to the apartments from the Vineyards. The male, 27 year old Ryan Garisek of Mentor, was provided a ride to EPD charged with felony grand theft auto and drug abuse instruments reference this incident and misdemeanor charges of driving under suspension and obstructing official business on the previous incident. He was booked in and held without bond., 08/22/13 1609hrs officers responded to Ranch Manor Apts for a verbal dispute between neighbors. On arrival half of the disturbance were leaving in a truck and the two males were asked to park and wait at the apartment of the passenger until officers could determine what occurred. The complainant reported he suspected his neighbors of being drug dealers and thieves and confronted them which led to a shouting match and vulgar language. Returning to speak with the two waiting males and address a license issue with the driver of the truck, (under suspension) the passenger advised the driver was inside the apartment, however checking inside it became apparent the driver had left the scene on foot. All remaining parties were advised to stay away from each other and call EPD before confronting each other. Officers cleared, circled back behind the building and upon turning the corner could see the complainant again yelling vulgarities at his neighbors who were ignoring him. The 62 year old male was taken into custody for persistent disorderly conduct., 08/22/13 a 45 year old male was arrested on misdemeanor warrants of criminal damaging and trespassing. The male, earlier this month,  was “squatting” in a vacant rental home on E 359St. The home was formally rented by a female acquaintance of the male who is currently incarcerated. The female’s belongings were removed from the home by relatives. The male, who was not listed on the lease, entered the home by breaking out a window and took up residency. He was booked into the city jail and later released on court set bond., 08/20/13 an 18 year old Mentor man was arrested on a warrant with charges of making false police reports stemming from an incident that occurred in July. The male reported to EPD while at a home on Reeves Rd a resident at the home pointed a gun at him, threatened to shoot police and had a large amount of marijuana growing in the home. During the course of the investigation it was learned this male also made a false report to another agency claiming the same resident from Reeves Rd had weapons or explosives in his personal vehicle, a claim that was also found to be false. According to the victim, the male arrested wanted to be with his (the victim’s) girlfriend and therefore wanted him to be put in jail., 08/20/13 1824hrs a customer at Sunoco on Vine St entered the gas station to pay for gas that was just pumped and became a victim of a theft. An unknown person reached through an open window stealing a cell phone.  Please keep your vehicles secured when leaving them for even a very short period of time, thefts can happen quickly., null, 08/17/13 2002hrs officers responded to the 1200 block of E 345St on the complaint of a female taking off her clothing in public - called in by neighbors.  One complainant reported while sitting on his front porch the female began using profanities towards him for an unknown reason. When he asked her to stop, as there were children in the area, the female bent over, pulled her pants down “shooting the moon” three to four times to the neighbors. Upon officers approach to the female’s residence she came out with a beer and continued to yell profanities at neighbors. The 30 year old female was taken into custody for indecent exposure and disorderly intoxication.  She was booked into EPD jail and held until sober and bond could be met or court arraignment., 08172013 1432hrs two Cleveland women, ages 25 and 42 were arrested for stealing cleaning supplies and clothing from the Dollar General Store in the Vineyards. On arrival to apprehend the duo an officer walked into the Dollar Tree, where the two were last seen entering, and caught them red handed attempting to conceal merchandise at that location as well. They were booked into the city jail and later released on bond., 08/17/13 0332hrs officer on patrol checked on a female walking on Vine St. The female had an apparent facial injury. EFD rescue was called and the female transported to Lake West ER. During the course of the investigation it was learned the 23 year old female visiting her 25 year old (now) ex-boyfriend at Lakeside Estates was by her account, sucker punched in the face causing severe damage to her eye and eye socket. The male was taken into custody upon completion of the investigation and charged with felonious assault and felony obstructing justice. He is being held without bond until arrangement., 08/13/13 2100hrs a resident on Riverside reported an intoxicated female neighbor had entered his home, scantily clad, threatening to beat up the caller’s wife and damage his property. The female once outside, continued to yell at the male to get off of her property when in fact she was still in the caller’s yard.  On arrival officers responded to the residence of the female, who was back at home and obviously intoxicated.  She greeted officers with colorful language and continued with her outbursts. The 46 year old female was taken into custody for aggravated menacing against the caller and persistent disorderly conduct intoxication. She was uncooperative during the booking process and placed into a cell where she remained until sober and booking could be completed., 08/19/13 last week a white iPhone was found on SR 91 north of Walgreens in the N/B lane. If the phone belongs to you stop in at the station to identify and claim - the phone is not damaged., 08/12/13 1244hrs a 39 year old homeless male was arrested for shoplifting at Good Cents. On this date the male attempted to steal nine 18pks of beer, paper towels and peanuts totaling $135.00. On Saturday the 10th he is observed on video stealing 16 cases of beer and paper towels worth $150. Located inside the male’s vehicle were five 18pks and eight 12pks of beer that had been stolen from a Giant Eagle in a neighboring city earlier in the day worth $149.87. Also located inside his vehicle were various drug instruments and narcotics. He was charged additionally with receiving stolen property, possession of drug equipment and drug possession., Additonal view of suspect vehicle from previous post, EPD is looking for information on the pictured vehicle in connection with the theft of parts from vehicles in the Vine St area. The vehicle is an older model (approximately 2001-2003) silver/white Honda accord with rear-end damage.  Anyone with information is asked to call EPD or private message this page. 440-951-1400 refer to report 1301262., 08/10/13 0421hrs officers responded to the 33000 block of Willowick Dr for a complaint of an intoxicated male at the door of that residence. Upon arrival observed was a silver vehicle against the driver side of a maroon vehicle. The front of the silver car was on a concrete patio and against the house.  The foundation of the house had cracked and the south wall was pushed in.  The operator, a 27 year old resident, reported he was going to fast turning on to Mannering and hit the house.
The vehicle speed, estimated at being 60-70mph in a posted 25mph zone, left 105 feet of skid mark in the street. The vehicle then went 21' across the lawn, across the side walk, it then dug into the yard 2' from the side walk, traveled 9' went air born for 21', after landing went 39' then onto a concrete patio, where is struck the maroon car then the house.  From the street to the house the silver vehicle traveled 106'.
The uninjured driver was taken into custody for OVI. He was held pending sobriety and bond. Score .150., Monday: Support Group for Women of Domestic Violence
Mondays at the Eastlake Police Department 35150 Lakeshore Blvd at 6:30-8:00PM
Support Group is available to women who are in unhealthy relationships and would like to talk and get more information on domestic violence.
Domestic violence and emotional abuse are behaviors used by one person in a relationship to control the other. Partners may be married or not married; heterosexual, gay, or lesbian; living together, separated or dating.
Examples of abuse include: name-calling or putdowns, keeping a partner from contacting their family or friends, withholding money, stopping a partner from getting or keeping a job, actual or threatened physical harm, sexual assault, stalking , intimidation.
Violence can be criminal and includes physical assault (hitting, pushing, shoving, etc.), sexual abuse (unwanted or forced sexual activity), and stalking. Although emotional, psychological and financial abuse are not criminal behaviors, they are forms of abuse and can lead to criminal violence. The violence takes many forms and can happen all the time or once in a while Information provided by:
http://www.domesticviolence.org/definition/)
For more information please call the Eastlake Victim Advocates at
#440-975-4252
If you are a male looking for a support group or assistance please do not hesitate to call. We can provide information and we also have information for other local support groups that service men who are in a domestic violent relationship in the area., 08/09/13 0218hrs Officers responded to Laura Dr for a report of a criminal damaging incident observed by an off duty police officer. The suspect vehicle threw a large rock at an unoccupied parked vehicle smashing the windshield in two places and damaging the hood of the vehicle. The witness reported he heard a car "jamb" on the brakes causing the tires to squeal. The vehicle pulled into a driveway and turned around heading back towards Lost Nation. He could hear someone inside of the car saying "smash that window." The car stopped by another unoccupied vehicle parked on the street.  The witness heard the glass break on the unoccupied car then the suspect vehicle sped off.  The vehicle involved was located and stopped on Lost Nation with the assistance of Willoughby PD.  
Two passengers in the vehicle were placed under arrest by EPD– a 25 year old Willoughby resident for disorderly intoxication and a 31 year old Willoughby resident for the criminal damaging. The driver of the vehicle was placed under arrest by WPD on other charges., 08/08/13 EPD received an anonymous tip of marijuana growing in a backyard in the 1300 block of E 348. Officers approached the residents who were sitting in their backyard near a garage with two potted marijuana plants sitting between them. The 22 year old male, who readily admitted the plants were his, was cited for cultivating marijuana. The other male present, an 18 year old relative, was holding a glass smoking pipe in his hand and also admitted ownership of a bong that was in plain sight. He was cited for possession drug paraphernalia., William A. Boldizsar(1952-2013).Mass of Christian Burial for William A. Boldizsar, 60, of Willoughby Hills, will be 10 a.m. Friday, Aug. 9, 2013, at St. Justin Martyr Catholic Church in Eastlake.
Mr. Boldizsar passed away Monday, Aug. 5, 2013, at Hospice House surrounded by his family.
He was born Aug. 8, 1952, in Cleveland.
After graduating from Benedictine High School in 1970, Bill worked at Classic Auto Campus as a parts manager until 1999 where he pursued a lifelong dream of going through the Cleveland Heights Police Academy. He worked as a police officer for UH for 14 years and most recently for Eastlake. He was also a member of the Fraternal Order of Police and the past president of the Eastlake Block Watch. Bill loved classic cars, was proud of his Hungarian heritage and was a member of The Hungarian Businessmen's Club ""the Buckeye Boys"".
Survivors are his wife of 38 years, Kathleen (nee Lazar); daughter, Sarah Boldizsar; son, Gary (Katherine) Boldizsar of Cincinnati; grandchildren, Lincoln, Grayson and Caroline; mother, Mary ""Goldie"" (nee Szobonya); and beloved pet, Sadie.
Bill was preceded in death by his father, William A. Boldizsar; his sister, Carol Corl; and his grandparents.
Visitation will be from 3 to 8 p.m. Thursday at the Monreal Funeral Home, 35400 Curtis Blvd., Eastlake.
In lieu of flowers, contributions may be made to the Hospice of the Western Reserve, 300 E. 185th St., Cleveland, OH 44119 or the Pancreatic Cancer Action Network at www.pancan.org.
www.monreal.com, null, 08/06/13 1500hrs EPD responded to a disturbance call in the area of Vine St and Waverly between two adult females and one adult male. A dispute over the price of a children’s wagon led to an assault with a yard marker - one female victim was struck on the arm and the male had the yard marker broken on his shoulder. In retaliation the aggressor was punched by the female victim in the nose. While attempting to flee in her vehicle, the female aggressor allegedly ran over the foot of the male while she was backing out of the drive.  The 54 year old female resident was located by officers and placed under arrest for two counts of assault. She was booked into the jail and held pending bond or arraignment., On Sunday (08/04) members of police and fire departments from Lake County competed in the charity softball game at Classic Park. Although the results were not as we would have hoped (Firemen won) the event was a success and raised money for CAPTAINS charities. Good job to all who participated., Every couple of months we need to remind the friends of our page what this page was designed for.  We are attempting to foster a solid relationship with the community by ensuring that the residents know what is going on around them.
     We have had so much positive feedback and have received both tips and good questions through this page and I know that it has been worth the effort.  Much of the credit goes to my clerk who puts the information out and answers most of the questions.
     That being said, please refrain from getting into personal insults and documenting what politicians may or may not have said.  We all have our own pages to post our personal opinions and there are many other ways to research questions you may have.
     We want to continue to provide this service to you and will welcome suggestions to make it better.

Chief Reik
440 951-1400, 08/04/13 arrests have been made in connection with the vandalism at Jakse Park. On 08/04 18 year old resident Brienna Hare was arrested on felony vandalism charges, on 08/02 18 year old David Perkins of Willowick was arrested on felony charges for vandalism and felony tampering with evidence. Prior to this weekend on 07/16 a 17 year old juvenile from Euclid was charged with criminal damaging for his role in this crime., TOMORROW (08/06/13) IS NATIONAL NIGHT OUT
AT THE EASTLAKE POLICE AND FIRE DEPARTMENTS
35150 LAKESHORE BLVD.
7:00PM-9:00PM
Activities Include:
Crime Prevention Information, Prize wheel, Bounce House, Hot Dogs and Refreshments, Flashlights for the first 20 Adults and Glow sticks for the kids! Neighborhood Walk, and More!
If you have any questions please call the victim advocates at #440-975-4252.
Residents please put your front porch lights on in support of National Night Out to show that our neighborhoods are working together with law enforcement and fighting back against crime!, 08/04/13 2012hrs a 15 year old female resident was arrested on felony breaking and entering and misdemeanor criminal damage charges after breaking into Taft Elementary School. The juvenile broke a window on the building to gain entrance to the school and was located by officers hiding behind a gym mat in the gymnastics classroom. She was processed and released to her parents pending a court appearance at Juvenile Court., 08/03/13 0620hrs report taken for a theft of prescription medication from Dover Place Apts. The complainant reported her boyfriend’s son, looking for a place to sleep, was invited into the apartment at 4 in morning. A short time later an argument ensued between occupants in the apartment, the male left and prescription meds were noticed missing. The male was located near the Community Center sleeping by the complainant who then called EPD. The 24 year old Painesville resident, who still had the meds in his possession, was taken into custody for felony theft and felony theft of drugs. He is being held without bond until arraignment., 08/02/13 1654hrs an assault complaint that occurred at Jakse Park resulted in the  felony arrest of a 22 year old male resident for possession of “magic mushrooms” and “Molly” (This is an extremely dangerous drug, which is clandestinely manufactured and marketed in "Rave Clubs" as a more intense form of Ecstasy. This drug is an off-white powder generally sold in a gelatin capsule. It was given Schedule I status, meaning it has a high potential for abuse and no accepted medical use). An 18 year old Wickliffe male was also arrested for the initial assault complaint. The victim of the assault, a 19 year old Willoughby resident, was transported to Lake West for treatment of his injuries by a family member., Reference the earlier post that EPD is no longer looking for a suspect: It was determined there was no individual.  We did not “whip up the lynch mob.”  We reported what we knew. I am sure people would be upset if we didn’t report immediately and it was true.  This is the price of immediate information.  If anyone has better suggestions for the future please feel free to let us know, Chief Reik, ATTENTION: EPD is no longer looking for a suspect in the reported attempted abduction. This case has been resolved., REMINDER: This year’s National Night Out Event will take place outside at the Eastlake Police/Fire Department, at 35150 Lakeshore Boulevard, August 6, 2013 7:00PM-9:00PM.
National Night Out Against Crime began in 1984 to promote involvement in crime prevention activities, police-community partnerships, neighborhood camaraderie. The events goal was to let criminals know that their neighborhoods were working together with law enforcement and fighting back against crime.
There will be information available about crime prevention. Police
officers and victim advocates will be available for any questions about crime prevention, and information on their role in the community. The Eastlake Fire Department will be there to answer questions about personal safety and available to answer any questions that community members have.
All in all, this will be a great way for members of the community to meet and get to know the Police and Firemen that assist in the community’s safety on a day to day basis. In addition, there will be activities for the kids available such as a crime scene mystery and fingerprinting.
We will be asking the community to participate in the traditional lights on campaign; we will ask that each household turn their front porch lights on to support National Night Out. We will also be doing the traditional community walk.
If you have any questions please call the victim advocates at #440-975-4252 or via Email victadv@ameritech.net., In response to our officer involved shooting on July 9th 2013, 48 year old old Renat Akberdin of Solon was charged with the following crimes: Felony destruction of evidence, felony resisting, aggravated menacing, and weapons while intoxicated.  He has turned himself in and was released on bond with a court appearance on 08/06/13 at 0745hrs at Willoughby Municipal Court.
Officer Jim Perkins, a 12 year veteran, has returned to work and a
review of the shooting has taken place and has found that his actions were within department guidelines, rules, as well as State and Federal law., 07/29/13 a 59 year old Chesterland male was arrested on two counts of theft. On at least two different occasions the male entered Good Cents on Vine St stealing meats, seafood and beer. He then proceeded to an area bar where he sold the consumables, keeping the stolen alcohol for his own personal consumption. He was held on court set bond awaiting his court date., null, By News-Herald staff
Editor@News-Herald.com
@NHCrimeandFire
A 12-year-old boy told Eastlake police that a man tried to abduct him on Saturday night.
At 10:35 p.m., the boy was riding his bike to a nearby McDonald’s with some friends when he noticed his cat was following him. The boy left the group to take his cat back home, according to an Eastlake police report.
At this time, a man driving a red pickup truck approached the boy on Forest Drive. The man asked the boy for help finding his dog, but the boy said he had somewhere else to be, the report said.
The man then got out of the truck and walked toward the boy, who then pedaled away to escape.
The man was described as a white male standing about 6 feet 3 inches tall in his 50s with a thin build and grey or blonde hair with a beard. He also had tattoos on both arms, fresh scratches on his face and was wearing a white tank top, jeans and flip flops.
The vehicle was described as a smaller red Chevrolet pickup truck with a red cap and no license plates. The driver’s side headlight was broken and the body had dents and was rusted out.
Anyone with information is asked to call the Eastlake Police Department at 440-951-1400., 07/29/13 anyone with information on a large, black and orange snowmobile that they may have seen being operated down Lakeland Blvd - throwing sparks - early this morning between the hours of 5am and 6am EPD is asking you to call or private message this page, reference to report 1301232. The snowmobile was taken from a business on Lakeland shortly before 5am and traveled westbound on Lakeland through Eastlake to Euclid where it was located., null, AUG 6, 2014 - CITY OF EASTLAKE NATIONAL NIGHT OUT EVENT
This year’s National Night Out Event will take place outside at the
Eastlake Police/Fire Department, at 35150 Lakeshore Boulevard,
7:00PM-9:00PM.
National Night Out Against Crime began in 1984 to promote involvement in crime prevention activities, police-community partnerships, neighborhood camaraderie. The events goal was to let criminals know that their ...neighborhoods were working together with law enforcement and fighting back against crime.
There will be information available about crime prevention. Police
officers and victim advocates will be available for any questions about crime prevention, and information on their role in the community. The Eastlake Fire Department will be there to answer questions about personal safety and available to answer any questions that community members have.
All in all, this will be a great way for members of the community to meet and get to know the Police and Firemen that assist in the community’s safety on a day to day basis. In addition, there will be activities for the kids available such as a crime scene mystery and fingerprinting.
We will be asking the community to participate in the traditional lights on campaign; we will ask that each household turn on their front porch lights on this day to support National Night Out. We will also be doing the traditional community walk. (8:30-9pm)
If you have any questions please call the victim
advocates at #440-975-4252 or via Email victadv@ameritech.net., null, ATTENTION: “IN Need” WE school district students 
Community of the Holy Spirit Church is sponsoring “PACKS FOR PUPILS” outreach.
WHEN: Saturday, August 10, 2013 – doors open at 8am
Where: Community of the Holy Spirit Church – 36600 Stevens Blvd, Willoughby
This is a first come, first served event. Proof of Willoughby/Eastlake residency is required via photo ID.  Your child/children must be present with you to receive a backpack. 
For further information or to make a donation please call CHS: 440-946-8636
Or www.chswilloughby.com, 07/24/13 1141hrs EPD units were dispatched to the 33000 block of Willowick Dr for a male that was observed stealing a bike out of an attached garage. The witness said he yelled at the male as he was exiting the driveway but the male began to peddle faster. The witness chased after the male suspect and the chain on the bike came off. The suspect then dumped the bike and the suspect fled on foot. Another male with a backpack also fled the scene towards Lakeshore between houses. Both males, brothers who denied knowing each other - 20 year old Donte Mason of Bedford and 21 year old Patrick Mason were apprehended and taken into custody. Donte was charged with felony burglary, criminal tools and a misdemeanor charge of obstructing. Patrick was charged with felony complicity to burglary and misdemeanor obstructing. Both are held without bond until arraignment, THEFT ALERT:
Over the last several weeks our agency along with several other cities in both Lake and Cuyahoga County have been experiencing numerous purse and wallet thefts from elderly females while shopping at local stores.
A trio of individuals, 2 black males and one black female, have been entering area Wal-Marts, Giant Eagles, Targets, and Good Cents stores, with the female acting as a lookout while one of the males will approach an elderly female victim and ask her questions about a certain grocery product in order to distract.  The second male who is standing nearby then removes the victims purse or wallet from the victims shopping cart, while the victim is being distracted by the first male. Sometimes the female participates and commits the actual theft.
The trio then leaves the store and quickly use victims credit cards to make large purchases before the accounts are closed.
The first male is a middle aged individual approx 6 feet tall with a thin build. The second male has an average build and is older. He stands approx. 5 foot 9 inches. They are accompanied by a heavy set black female who is approximately 5 foot 5 inches tall and all three are usually conservatively dressed.
They are usually seen leaving the area in a silver or light colored Ford or Chevy conversion type van.
Please remain aware of your surroundings and of the person(s) near you while shopping. Also do not leave personal items unattended in your cart or be distracted from these items., 07/23/13 1254hrs twin brothers are facing felony charges one twin, 32 year old Edward Zajackowski of Chardon is charged with strong-arm robbery, theft and obstructing. The other, Steven Zajackwoski of Euclid is charged with felony complicity to theft for his part of the occurrence. The brothers are accused of shoplifting $1034.24 worth of game controllers from Walmart. When confronted by loss prevention, Edward hit and shoved the LP officer fleeing from the store (hence the robbery charge). Officers, already on scene, began a foot pursuit with Edward who was apprehended behind a fence and a copse of trees that surrounded a drainage ditch and retention pond.  Steven, who had returned to the parking lot in his vehicle, was then arrested for assisting with the thefts of controllers. Additional charges of possession of drugs and drug abuse instruments are pending results from the Lake County Crime Lab., newsnet5.com 
Thursday morning at 11 a.m. Lake County officials will hold a news conference to discuss damage assessment from last Saturday's storm.  

The news conference is being held at the Ohio Retention Basin in Willowick. In a news release, officials said they plan on talking about recovery plans and clean up efforts.  

Besides county officials, emergency management officials as well as Congressman David Joyce will be at the news conference.  

Last Saturday, heavy rains flooded streets, houses and businesses in Lake and Cuyahoga counties. In Lake County, 300 basements were flooded in Willowick.  

Check back with newsnet5.com for updates on this story., Via Commissioner Judy Moran:
If you have actual STRUCTURAL damage such as a bulging basement floor or wall..get me your name and address.... ASAP
https://www.facebook.com/judy.wehnermoran, 07/23/13 1225hrs Motoma - burglary in progress call – a homeowner reported he witnessed a male walking out of his home carrying copper piping. The male also reported he knew who the suspect was and watched as the suspect ran into a neighboring home - where he resides.  Inside the suspects home was a pile of copper piping in the middle of the living room floor. The suspect, 20 year old Nick Fantelli, was located on a nearby street and taken into custody for felony burglary without incident. He was held without bond until arraignment today., Via Eastlake City Council:
The News Herald mistakenly advertised a Council meeting for this evening, July 23, 2013.  In accordance with Article V, Section 5 of the Charter of the City of Eastlake the last meeting in July, 2013 and the first meeting in August, 2013 are suspended for the summer break.
The next regular council meeting will be Tuesday, August 27, 2013 at 7pm.
Council apologizes for any inconvenience., null, null, 07/20/13 for those residents still in need of cleaning supplies for flooded areas of your homes, Red Cross is supplying clean up kits available for pick up at the Wilowick Fire Department starting at 2pm (late for posting) and again at 7pm this evening., 07/20/13 0220hrs a resident on King Dr reported a male had just fled from her detached garage. Upon checking the area a male fitting the description given was located on West Island Dr near the bridge. The elderly resident was able to positively identify 54 year old John Cochell as the male she saw leaving her garage. Cochell was arrested on felony charges of breaking and entering along with a misdemeanor charge of petty theft for the five beers that were removed from the garage. He was held without bond pending arraignment., 07/22/13 continuing a posting from July 16 reference motor vehicle accidents at SR 91 and Stevens, Lt Gonzalez complied a list of the following statistics:
Stevens and SR 91 crashes versus SR 91 and SR 2 crashes
Over the last 2 and half years there have only been 21 total crashes at the SR 91 and Stevens intersection. Only 6 people have been injured there during that period of time.

Most of the accidents are for Following to Closely or what might be termed Assured Clear Distance Ahead, where drivers are to close to the car ahead of them and then rear-end the car when they stop suddenly; only five were for Red Light violations during that time period.

Compare this to only one year’s worth of crashes (2012) at the SR 91 and SR 2 intersections, where there were a total of 32 crashes with 12 people injured. Multiply that by 3 years worth and that’s a lot of crashes for one area.

Most of these crashes were for Failure to Control or Following to Close (ACDA) and only 4 were for Red light violations for that one year., 07/22/13 Per the Mayor’s office: The service department will be picking up storm debris only from tree lawns this week. Place your household items on the tree lawn for Republic garbage for pick up. By 11am there will be two dumpsters on the city lot by the stadium for those wishing to dispose of property prior to Republic’s pick up.  The Mayor advised he is trying to work something out with FEMA but has not heard anything as of this time, null, Lakeshore Blvd is now open as well as E 332nd and E 337th St. Most electric power should be restored and CEI is working on the rest of the area, power should be restored soon., Eastlake North High BINGO has been cancelled for tonight 07/20/13., 07/20/13 if you have flooding in your basement do not attempt to walk through the water until it has receded.  As always, if you smell any odor of natural gas, see smoke or sparking outlets etc. call 9-1-1. 
ONLY the very elderly and handicapped will receive assistance from our service department as needed to aid with any flooding, they need to call dispatch and be placed on a waiting list, they will help as soon as possible. 
Any ruined belongings/debris due to flooding can be placed on your tree lawn for pick up by service sometime during the week, prior to your regular garbage pick up date., ROAD CLOSINGS:
Lakeshore Blvd from Reeves Rd to Erie Rd is closed due to water covering the roadway.
E 337St is closed from Vine St to Curtis Blvd due to water on the roadway
E 332St is closed south of Alva due to a line down, 07/19/13 run down on this weeks Walmart shoplifters: 20 year old female from Painesville – car speaker worth $37.94. She had $62 on her person when arrested. A 38 year old male out of Cleveland choose $80.30 worth of CD’s – he had $73.41 on him when arrested. Next, all the way from Georgia, 51 year old female bagged up 285.63 worth of snack foods and clothing – she had $20.00 upon her arrest. She was held on $3500 cash bond since she was not a local resident. Finally, a 46 year old Euclid man, a pair of clippers and clothing worth $99.05 – he and zero money on his person when arrested., null, 07/16/13 1411hrs officers responded to the area of Mannering for a report of a female passed out in a car.  On Mannering, upon approaching the vehicle, a female was laying across the center console. There was a plastic bottle of whiskey laying next to the female’s hand.  She was unresponsive until the she was physically shook. She stepped out of the vehicle and was very unsteady on her feet. She spontaneously admitted to being intoxicated, stating something to the effect: (edited due to language). I can hold my liquor, but I’m drunk. The 51 year old resident was arrested for physical control, under the influence and open container. She was booked into EPD jail and held pending bond or court appearance. Score .261, 07/15/13 1806hrs a motorist advised a vehicle was weaving all over the road on SR 2 E/B, almost striking other vehicles. Once the vehicle exited the freeway, it was reported the vehicle struck garbage cans and a curb on E 337St. The vehicle was located by officers on Stevens at Jakse Dr where a traffic stop was initiated. While pulling over, the driver struck a curb. The driver, a 29 year old male resident, familiar and recognized by officers, stated he had recently gotten out of intake for a substance abuse problem (1 ½ hrs prior to stop). On the floorboard of the vehicle a syringe cap next to a spoon was located. The rest of the syringe was later located on Stevens West of E 340St where the male had thrown it after seeing officers approach. The male was taken into custody for possession of heroin, drug possession (other narcotic located on the males person), and possession of drug instruments. He was held without bond on the felony charge until arraignment., If you are just headed out, avoid the area of SR 91 and Stevens due to a serious accident traffic is going to be delayed., 07/14/13 0230hrs report of an intoxicated, unwanted guest at the Deck Lounge that fell into the river and had to be helped out by several men. After the men helped her out to the water she began following one of the men giving him a hard time. The 41 year old female, who had arrived at this location already intoxicated, could barely stand on her own. She was placed under arrest for disorderly conduct intoxication. After being placed in a cruiser she began yelling at the officer’s civilian rider accusing him of throwing her into the river.  She was uncooperative during booking at one she jumped up and ran head first into the counter striking her head.  She was cited and  placed into a cell held until sober., 07/13/13 1002hrs in the early morning hour’s unlocked vehicles were entered on Stevens Blvd, Glen Dr and Willowick Dr. Taken was money, cigarettes and small electronic equipment. Willowick PD advised EPD they had arrested two juveniles in connection with thefts from vehicles in their city.  Two juvenile males, one a Willowick resident and one a juvenile visiting from out of state, were charged with an additional three counts of theft for the crimes committed in Eastlake. Their charges were forwarded to Juvenile Court., 07/13/13 0211hrs Patrol units were dispatched to a reported accident involving a motorcycle on SR 91 near SR 2.  Witnesses stated the motorcycle turned onto SR 91 from Euclid Ave turning left into the wrong lanes (traveling north in the southbound lanes).  It appeared as the motorcycle was traveling northbound it struck the mirror of a southbound vehicle.  The southbound vehicle did not remain at the scene and left prior to our arrival.  Due to vehicle parts left behind at the scene officers were able to determine the mirror came from a 2008 or 2009 Chevy trailblazer.  The 43 year old male driver from Rock Creek and his 42 year old female passenger, a Mentor resident, advised they were coming from a bar where they had been drinking. The driver was transported to a hospital for treatment of his injuries where he was cited for OVI and driving the wrong way on the highway. BAC charged pending blood test results. The female passenger refused treatment on scene., 07/10/13 1627hrs an unwanted guest/shopper was removed from Walmart and arrested on misdemeanor trespassing charges. The 41 year old female resident was advised and warned earlier in the month that due to past theft offenses at the old store she was not welcome at the new store. At that time, the female stated she did not think the notification of restriction from the property form she signed at the old store was enforceable at the new store. She was taken into custody and held on $2000/10% bond. Ironically, her 23 year old son was already in EPD jail on a shoplifting charge from earlier in the day, he was also held on court set bond., 07/10/13 0217hrs officer patrolling in the area of Stevens near North High school and observed a vehicle resting against the cable line and pole in the parking lot with the lights on. A male was passed out in the driver's seat, engine running, vehicle in drive and the driver's foot on the gas peddle.  Several attempts to wake the male were, unsuccessful. The male finally woke as paramedics were attempting to move him from his vehicle to a gurney. The 44 year old Cleveland resident, who thought he was still on the west side of Cleveland, was transported to Lake West where he was charged with driving under the influence. He agreed to submit blood for testing to determine his blood alcohol level. He was released on an unsecured bond and remained at Lake West for medical treatment., At about 9:30 pm on 070913 our department was conducting a welfare check to ensure the safe well being of a business owner in the city of Eastlake.  This check was requested by another agency due to the family not being in contact with the male for some time.  Officers arrived at 1455 E 357th and during the attempt to locate the male he was discovered
inside armed with a handgun.
Officers backed away from the business, formed a perimeter around the building and called out the Western Lake County emergency Response Team. Mutual aid was also called for additional officers for perimeter and a K-9.  The initial investigation indicates that the armed male came in contact with officers shortly after a perimeter was established.  He did not obey officer’s orders and retreated. Then on the third contact, which occurred approximately 30 minutes after the initial response, the male came out of the rear of the business and raised a firearm in the direction of one of the perimeter officers.  The officer fired his service weapon striking the male who then retreated.
After a exhaustive search by the ERT (Emergency Response Team) the male was located and taken into custody.  The male suffered a wound to the hand and is in stable
condition.  The names of the officer and the suspect will not be released at this time.  Charges will be discussed at the conclusion of the investigation.  The officer was placed on administrative leave per department policy., null, 07/08/13 1912hrs a resident in the 1100 block of E 346 called to report a male knocked on his door asking for gas money. When the resident declined, the male walked across the street to a neighbors, opened a gate, walked into a garage and removed a gas can.  The male dumped the gas into the vehicle and he and a female passenger left in the vehicle. The vehicle was located and stopped. In speaking with the homeowner, who up until this point was unaware the incident occurred, did not give anyone permission to enter his property/garage. Back at the vehicle, the male was observed attempting to conceal an object down the front of his jeans – later found to be a syringe. Also located in the vehicle was another syringe and spoon containing suspected heroin. Christopher Lowe, 29 of Willowick was arrested for felony breaking and entering along with misdemeanor counts of theft and two counts of drug equipment. He was held without bond until arraignment, 07/06/13 at 0629hrs a B&E was discovered and reported to EPD on E 361St. Person(s) unknown entered the building taking various tools and other equipment along with a 2009 GMC work truck. The truck was recovered later that same morning in Cleveland on a vacant lot near E 48St, the truck had been set on fire. Report taken - under investigation., 07/05/13 1510hrs disturbance in the parking lot of Walmart  between three 20 year old females with a 62 and a 51 year old female which began when one of the younger females felt the older women pulled to close to where a family member was standing outside a vehicle in a parking space.  Words, including racial slurs from both sides, and an attempt at a phone recorded video turned into a purse slinging, punching, kicking and spitting fiasco broken up by bystanders with the three younger females leaving in a vehicle prior to our arrival. The females were located a short distance away. One 20 year old female was arrested for driving under suspension. Due to conflicting stories about who was the primary aggressor(s), report, statements and video will be sent to the prosecutor’s office for review of charges on the five women., 07/05/13 1144hrs officer on patrol E 361 by Vine observed a passenger in a passing vehicle known by this department to have an active warrant through US Immigration and Customs Enforcement Agency (I.C.E.). A traffic stop was initiated and the 19 year old male was arrested without incident and held without pending pick up by I.C.E. agents., 07/04/13 2100hrs a 31 year old female resident was arrested on two counts of assault. The female, a passenger of a vehicle, is accused of striking a 50 year old male in the face/nose with a beer can while in the parking lot of Shorecircle Convenient. The female, who refused to exit the vehicle the victim was driving, was transported home by the victim where he was again assaulted. The female also bit the arm of a passenger that attempted to intervene. (He did not wish to pursue charges) She was arrested on one count of assault. Once at the jail, she remained uncooperative and belligerent. Upon placing the female in a cell she proceed to project her spit striking an officer in the eye/face area and was charged with an additional count of assault. Further charges are also pending., Between 07/02/13 and 07/04/13 a B&E of a storage barn on Laura Dr was broken into. Approximately $700 worth of tools were taken. Report taken - under investigation, 07/04/13 midnight – officers were dispatched to the area of Traymore and Oxford for a report of fireworks and a possible underage party.  A large (approximately 40-50 people) party was located in a backyard on Traymore. Someone shouted “its a cop!", causing people to run in all directions.  Some of the partygoers ran into the house and shut off the lights.  After repeated knocks a male answered the door and 13 individuals were identified in the home as being 18-21 or older. The 20 year old party giver was placed under arrest under the keg law. Others arraigned for rides home from sober drivers. Before securing the home, a walk thru was completed and a 17 year old was located sleeping/passed out in an upstairs room. He was taken into custody for underage consumption, transported to EPD and later released to a parent., 07/03/13 28 year old Cecelia Barcellona of Wickliffe was arrested on felony charges of theft. She is accused of taking jewelry from a 93 year old resident and turning the jewelry in for cash the Euclid Gold and Silver store. Theft from an elderly person or disabled adult is an automatic felony. According to store employees Barcellona received a total of $2 for two rings., Update: The 19 year old arrested on felony burglary charges, (06/27/13 posting) misdemeanor charges of assault and violating a protection order has been arrested on two additional counts violating a protection order - one stemming from being at the home prior to the burglary and one count for attempting to contact the victim(s) while incarcerated at the County Jail. He is currently incarcerated awaiting court appearance., 07/02/13 a 31 year old male from Madison turned himself in on a misdemeanor charge of harassing communications. He is accused of calling a 31 year old female resident 218 times over a four day period along with over 42 text messages. He was released on a $2000 personal bond as set by the magistrate and was advised again to cease all contact with the female., 07/02/13 a 23 year old female out of Fairview Park was arrested on felony charges of receiving stolen property and misuse of credit cards. She, along with a co-defendant are accused of stealing a credit card from a 85 year old female relative, in a nursing home, and using the card to purchase baby items that in turn were traded for heroin and crack. She is being held on $5000/10% concurrent on both cases., 07/03/13 this week’s shoplifters: Walmart -36 year old female Madison resident $111.28 worth of fishing gear; 48 year old Cleveland resident sound bar and motor oil $214.20; 29 year old Cleveland resident $53.50 worth of children’s clothing (able to bond herself out of jail promptly) Dollar General 49 year old Willowick resident $14 jean shorts, also held on active warrant with Bedford Hts PD., null, null, null, 06/30/13 1456hrs EPD was dispatched to a one car accident on Waverly.  On arrival a car was sitting up against a driveway marker on the grass off of the driveway.  The car appeared to be heading north on Waverly and turned left at E 331St.  The vehicle kept going left and went through a 6ft tall solid row of bushes that was surrounding the property and hit a tree on the property which caused it to continue in a circular pattern and run over a satellite dish and then into the driveway marker/stone.  The driver, a 59 year old female, was submitted for a driver re-examination., 06/28/13 2121hrs units were dispatched to Ranch Manor Apts for a fight between a 22 year old female and a 32 year old male. On arrival, upon making contact with the male, officers observed the male’s left hand to be bleeding and that he had several marks on his forearm and face. The male reported he was stabbed by the female. The female began yelling vulgarities at officers, no marks or wounds were observed on the female. The female told officers the male got stabbed while the two were struggling. Jennie Zimmerman was arrested and charged with aggravated assault. The male was transported to the hospital for treatment of his wounds., null, null, 06/28/13 1413hrs a report was taken from a 15 year old male resident that was a victim in an unprovoked assault in the 600 block of Rokeby. The male, who was performing yard work, advised a white male, approximately 20 years old described as having a skinny beard and a large tattoo on his right arm, jumped on his back and began to punch him about the head area. The victim engaged in a small scuffle overcoming the male aggressor. The male assailant fled the area prior to EPD arrival., There will be no domestic violence support group Monday July 1, 2013. Group will start again on July 8,2013 at 6:30-8pm.
If you have any questions or would like more information on the Domestic Violence Support Group Please call the Advocates at #440-975-4252., 09/28/13 a scam is surfacing primarily in the Eastlake area in which residents are receiving letters along with a check in the mail to evaluate the new Walmart store as a secret shopper. Although the letter looks legitimate enough this is just another scam and if you cash the check you be out of the money, it will be deducted from your savings or checking account. If you should receive a letter it should simply be tossed away., 06/27/13 0105hrs 19 year old Alexander Foulkrod was arrested on felony burglary charges as well as misdemeanor charges of assault and violating a protection order. Foulkrod gained entry to the Rokeby Rd residence by using a ladder to climb in through a window. Once inside he is accused of assaulting a 20 year old female. The female texted a friend that Foulkrod had somehow gained entry into the home and that she needed help, the friend in turn called EPD. Foulkrod was still in the residence upon officer’s arrival. He is being held without bond pending arraignment., 06/27/13 EPD is asking the public for assistance identifying the pictured male involved in several thefts at our Walmart along with stores in other cities. If anyone has any information please contact EPD 440-951-1400 or private message our FB page., Storm causes damage in Eastlake (with video)
Thursday, June 27, 2013
By News-Herald staff
Editor@News-Herald.com
@newsheraldinoh
Repair crews were out Wednesday dealing with downed wires and trees after parts of Eastlake were hit hard by a storm Tuesday night.

FirstEnergy Corp. crews were gathering up downed utility lines and tree cutters were removing trees that had struck houses and blocked streets.

No injuries were reported as a result of Tuesday night’s storm damage, said Eastlake Fire Department Battalion Chief Bob Lloyd. However, he said some homes sustained structural damage after getting struck by fallen trees and large limbs.

The storm did most of its damage on East 347th, 348th, 349th, 351st, 354th, 357th and 360th streets, between Vine Street and Stevens Boulevard, Lloyd said.

Firefighters and police were kept the busiest with storm-related calls between 9 p.m. and 11:25 p.m. Tuesday, Lloyd said.

During the peak of Tuesday’s storm, about 1,000 Eastlake residents were without electrical power, said FirstEnergy spokesman Mark Durbin.

The number of Eastlake customers without power had dropped to less than 20 by 3 p.m. Wednesday, he said. Power restoration efforts were to continue throughout the day, he added.


URL: http://www.news-herald.com/articles/2013/06/27/news/doc51cb25fe5f85a173417466.prt
© 2013 news-herald.com, a Journal Register Property, Part of this weekend: two arrests for felony possession of heroin, one suspected heroin overdose/death. Arrest for felony disruption of public service and three different persons, two adults, one juvenile for domestic violence, one OVI (no score), and the disorderly intoxicated 53 year old male from Willowick found lying in a mulch pile on Vine at 230pm., Recap of shoplifters during the weekend: Dollar General 22 year old Cleveland female - $11 worth of clothing held on a cash bond due to felony warrants from other agencies for her arrest. Walmart; 40 year old Mentor On the Lake male, redbull, tide and beer $198.13. 45 year old Cleveland male $239.54 worth of energy drinks, cash bond due to felony warrants from other agencies. 26 year old Cleveland male $110.48 worth of electronics recently arrested at Steelyards for theft of $81.90 worth of merchandise. Lastly a 38 year old Euclid woman wheeled out a $319 air conditioner., 06/23/13 2055hrs EPD officers responded to Glen and SR 91 for a report of two occupants that were passed out inside of a vehicle that sat through two cycles at the light. On arrival both of the occupants were slumped over forward and non responsive. The driver had a smoking pipe in his hand with a fresh burnt substance inside of it.  The vehicle was still in drive and began to roll forward towards SR 91. Officers were able to turn the ignition key off and place the car in park.. The 19 year old male driver was obviously under the influence of an unknown substance, starring off at a gaze and was non responsive. He could not speak at all, answer simple questions and/or  follow directions. The 19 year old male passenger, who also had a smoking pipe visible, was somewhat incoherent but was trying to follow simple commands. A package containing suspected incense was taken for evidence that fell out of the vehicle as the passenger exited the vehicle. The driver was taken into custody for driving under the influence and drug paraphernalia. The passenger was cited for drug paraphernalia and released to Mentor PD who had an active warrant for his arrest.  More charges pending results of the Crime Lab., 06/23/13 0031hrs EPD was dispatched to Maple Park Apts on the report of a male looking into an apartment window of the female complainant. The male was described as a Hispanic or very tan male, muscular looking with a shaved head in his mid 30's. When the female yelled, the male got into a truck described as a late 90's red and silver Chevy pick up with plow lights on the roof and a plow set up on the front end with a silver tool chest in the bed. The vehicle and male were not located., 06/23/13 0015hrs officers responded to the 35000 block of Beachpark for an underage drinking party. On arrival numerous juveniles were observed with beer bottles, liquor bottles and red solo cups. A 15 year old male identified himself as the person in charge of the home. That juvenile was arrested under the keg law. Other party goers called their parents to pick them up. As parents arrived, one 14 year old juvenile male ran from the home and was later located hiding in a neigboring yard. The 15 year old was recommended for the juvenile diversion program and released to grandparents. The 14 year old was transported to EPD, cited for curfew and referred to juvenile court., 06/20/13 1648hrs EPD units responded to a hit-skip accident on Curtis Blvd near Clearwater Apts. The driver of the vehicle at fault fled the scene, however, on arrival the at fault vehicle owner was on scene. The driver, a 27 year old male from Willowick was eventually located hiding in an attic space in a nearby apartment. He was arrested and charged with hit-skip, driving under suspension and stop sign violation.  The vehicle owner, a 24 year old female resident was arrested as well for unlawful entrustment for allowing the male to drive her vehicle knowing he was suspended. There were no reported injuries at the scene., 06/18/13 1311hrs report taken reference hit/skip on watercrafts at the East Island Marina. There was damage to three docks and possibly several boats. The docks are on the side of the channel that would be used if one were to be traveling up stream to the dead end. Due to the boats being still in the water there was not an angle to see the back of all the boats to check for damage. The boat owners were contacted by the marina owner and advised to report any damage to their vessels. The report will be forwarded to ODR., On 06/16/13 at 0213hrs a B&E was reported at the 3rd Base Bar and Grill located on Vine St. Missing from the building was the video surveillance cameras, a gaming machine, lottery tickets, tools, dishes/glasses and several consumable items. After investigation was completed, on 06/18/13 Walter J Novak a 35 year old Cleveland resident was arrested on felony charges of B&E and felony theft from a building. Additional charges may be pending after the Ohio Lottery Commission’s investigation is completed., 06/18/13 0805hrs EPD took 38 year old Painesville resident Anthony Neal in custody from Willoughby Hills PD who had arrested Neal on Eastlake’s warrant for felonious assault. On 05/25/13 Neal is accused of assaulting the victim at a residence on Stevens Blvd causing the male serious physical harm. On 06/07/13 38 year old Jennifer Johnston, a Wickliffe resident, was arrested on felony charges of obstructing justice in connection with this assault report., 06/18/13 FAIR WARNING:  We will be taking strong enforcement action for those cutting behind the new Walmart. This is a very small area to navigate through and it is imperative that people follow the posted signs. This area is designated for deliveries only., The city parade will take place on Saturday June 22nd.  It will begin at 1:00pm and the route will be from North High School to Willowick Dr to Roberts to SR91 to Lakeshore to the city festival at Erie and Lakeshore.  Feel free to join us along the parade route and expect some delays from 1230-2:00pm., Lt Gonzalez and the Mayor were on hand at the Eastlake Wal Mart grand opening on June 12th.  Wal Mart awarded the police department $1500.00 to be used for our range and our juvenile diversion program.  They also awarded $750.00 to our Victim Advocate Program.  Big Thanks to Wal Mart.  

Chief Reik, 06/17/13 at 0257hrs officers responded to a report of an intoxicated male lying in the middle of Vine near E 332. Upon arrival the male was located lying in the drive to Vine East apts.  The male could not walk and his speech was slurred and hard to understand. He was asked numerous times were he lived.  He would just point towards Willowick and say, "down there".  It was obvious he was too impaired to get home or take care of himself.  He was arrested, transported to EPD, held until sober.  He was later identifed as a 30 year old resident., 06/16/13 2102hrs a 51 year old male was the victim of an assault at Vine St and E 361St. The male reported as he was crossing at the intersection a small black vehicle occupied by two younger males shot and struck his leg with a paintball. Report filed., 06/14 – 06/16 four shoplifters in custody as observed by Loss Prevention Officers at Walmart; a 32 year old male from Richmond Hts, $29.98 worth of YoGiOh cards – 19 year old male from Wickliffe, $54.84 IPod armband and head phones – 32 year old male from Cleveland, $32.92 for a watch and a 45 year old male from Cleveland attempted to remove a motorized four wheeler on display from the store, $399.00., 06/15/13 1024hrs non-injury hit/skip accident on Vine St at E 337. The suspect vehicle struck the victim vehicle while at a red light on Vine. The suspect vehicle then crossed two lanes of traffic on Vine and pulled in the parking lot of O’Brien’s Auto repair where the driver damaged the shrubbery the post and electrical box on the store’s sign with his car. With the help from a witness the vehicle was located and stopped on SR 2 near E 305. The 38 year old Euclid male was taken into custody for hit-skip, assuring clear distance and driving over curbs and lawns and his vehicle was towed. He was processed and released on court set $3500 unsecured bond. (There was no alcohol involvement; he was a valid driver with insurance)., 06/14/13 2010hrs EPD responded with EFD for a boat fire at South Shore Marina.  Upon arrival, all the ground around the boat was on fire, but the boat itself, a 24ft Sea Ray on a trailer, was extinguished and covered in black soot. EFD arrived on scene and put out the fire.  Witnesses advised a male was in the boat attempting to drain the front bilge which had a large amount of gas.  Another male was outside the vessel smoking a cigarette and the fumes caught fire., null, 06/13/13 48 year old Andrea Young of Cleveland turned herself into EPD on two felony warrants. On 06/05/13 Ms Young is accused of stealing another female’s purse from the Power Play on Vine St. When confronted by the victim, a 69 year old female from Willoughby, Young began to yell and swear at her. While the victim was calling police, she fled the area. Through use of store video and the suspects name on her Powerplay card, (a little help goes a long way) warrants were issued for her arrest. Young racked up close to $1800 in fraudulent credit card purchases prior to the cards being canceled by the victim at various department stores and gas stations. She was charged with felony theft and felony credit card fraud., 06/14/13 EPD is asking the public’s assistance in locating 17 year old Tiffani Wheaton. Tiffani was last seen at her residence in Eastlake on June 4, 2013. Wheaton is 5’3”, 120lbs, hazel eyes and now has blond hair. Anyone with any information is asked to contact the Eastlake Police Department at 440-951-1400., 06/12/13 2045hrs (8:45pm) solicitor complaint on E 337St. Officers located the same truck (post below) from yesterday, males selling steaks from out of a truck. This time there was a valid driver, however, they did not heed to the warning issued yesterday for soliciting without a permit in the city. Both men were taken into custody and the vehicle towed. Once processing was completed both individuals received minor misdemeanor citations for soliciting without a permit and were later released., 06/12/13 1639hrs (4:39pm) Officer on traffic detail behind Walmart looking for violators driving through the closed road section designated by signage for delivery only.  A vehicle traveling through was stopped and the driver found to be driving under suspension. He said he was driving because his passenger was too intoxicated to drive. The male was cited and permitted to park the vehicle and arrange for a ride home. Shortly after the officer observed and was also flagged down by several passerby’s reporting the 50 year old female passenger exited the vehicle, walked to the front and fell into a ditch. She was taken into custody for disorderly intoxication, issued a misdemeanor citation and held for sobriety., 06/12/13 1058hrs EPD responded to a burglary in progress in the 1200 block of E 351St. The complainant reported as she was descending the stairs she witnessed her 23 year old son, who had been banned from the home for about 3 months, entering through a front window where he had removed a screen. He fled the scene upon seeing his mother. There are no items in the home belonging to the male. Checking the area for the suspect, a resident pointed to an area where he witnessed a male run behind a home.  The male was located under the house hiding in a crawl space. He was taken into custody on a felony burglary charge. When advised of his charges he made the statement, “I thought you could only be charged with burglary if you break in during the night time.” He was told that was not true, processed and held without bond., 06/11/13 1832hrs (6:32pm) solicitor complaint in the area of Reeves and Rural for a male selling steaks from a truck. The vehicle was located on Reeves and a traffic stop initiated. The 31 year old driver from Hinckley was found to have 18 open suspensions on his driver’s license. He was issued a citation for driving under the suspensions and released on a court set $1500 unsecured bond. The truck was released to the passenger of the vehicle, a valid driver. Both were issued warnings for soliciting without a license in the city., 06/11/13 1149hrs EPD responded to the report of a physical altercation between two males on Beachpark involving a knife. On arrival the two 50 year old men had already separated and were at different addresses. The two life long buddies got into a verbal altercation which ended with one male getting head-butted, a tussle on the ground and a 4” pocket knife banished. End result - one male was taken into custody for assault and aggravated trespassing per the victims request to pursue charges., 06/10/13 in reference to the hit-skip accident (posted below) that occurred at Good Cents on 06/09/13, video from the accident was reviewed and still photos printed out of the driver and a passenger leaving the suspect vehicle to enter the store. Officers were able to identify both females. The 16 year old female resident (driver) was cited for hit-skip and improper backing – the victim was notified and given insurance information., 06/09/13 2053hrs hit-skip private property accident in the parking lot of Good Cents on Vine St. The suspect vehicle, described as only a silver Pontiac, last seen in the area of Willowick Dr/Iris Ln, struck a parked motorcycle in the parking lot causing property damage to the motorcycle. The fender above the front wheel was pushed back and rolled under itself.  The forks had been pushed back until they broke and the mounting bolt on the left side of the fender was snapped off.  Video to be reviewed, follow up to continue., 06/09/13 1845hrs Officers were dispatched to NHS in the area of the baseball field near a port o potty for a male sleeping in the grass. As officers approached the 45 year old resident they could see the male sleeping and they woke him. He stated he has only been there for a few minutes and is waiting for his “dude.”  There was a strong odor of an alcoholic beverage coming from his person. When he was asked for his identification, he reached into his pocket and pulled out a glass marijuana pipe and stated "here's my pipe" handing it over.  The male had an active warrant out of Fairport Harbor for a probation violation and also had a small amount of marijuana on his person. He was given citations for the possession of marijuana and paraphernalia and transported for a meet with FHPD where custody was transferred to their agency for the warrant., CONGRATULATIONS to the North High School Seniors 2013 class on your graduation on Sunday, June 9. EPD wishes you all the success and happiness in your future endeavors., 06/07/13 1735hrs during selective enforcement Rural Rd at Reeves a vehicle was clocked speeded and a traffic stop was initiated. The driver, a 17 year old male, was cited for speed and driving under suspension. The vehicle owner/passenger an 18 year old female, was cited for wrongful entrustment for allowing the unlicensed male to drive. The female was aware the driver did not have a valid license but allowed him to drive because she was tired., null, 06/04/13 2201hrs a parking complaint between former neighbors turned into an altercation resulting in a 21 year old male tasering a 34 year old male. According to statements gathered, the eldest of the males had permission to park in a drive of a bank owned home. Family members of the foreclosed home, who had arrived to check on the property, became upset at the alleged arrangement and while the victim was moving his vehicle he was tazed without provocation. Other statements reveal a verbal altercation ensued as other neighbors began gathering at scene. The 21 year old stated he felt threatened and deployed the taser to the rib cage area of the 34 year old. Due to conflicting statements from the parties that were present, report will be sent to the prosecutor’s office for review of charges., EASTLAKE POLICE PROPERTY AUCTION 2013
SATURDAY JUNE 8, 2013 9AM VIEWING 10AM BIDDING
POLICE GARAGE SOUTH SIDE OF BUILDING

POLAROID ONE CAMERA WITH FILM
- ONE MOTOROLA T4500 WALKIE TALKIE
- THREE PS2 GAMES: BEYOND GOOD AND EVIL, ENTER MATRIX AND BIG MUTHA TRUCKERS
- XBOX GAME NBA STREET VOL. 2
- NINTENDO GAME CUBE GAME ; RESIDENT EVIL ZERO
- SEVEN MENS RINGS (NO MARKINGS)
- BOX OF ARMORAL CLEANING PADS
- ONE SEALED BOX CALVIN KLEIN OBSESSION FOR MEN COLOGNE
- ONE SEALED BOX BURBERRY FOR MEN COLOGNE
- ONE SEALED BOX BURBERRY BRIT FOR MEN COLOGNE
- ONE SEALED BOX BURBERRY BRIT FOR WOMEN
- ONE SEALED BOX RALPH LAREN BLUE FOR WOMEN
- ONE NEW VEHICLE BACK UP CAMERA W/MONITOR, WIRING AND INSTRUCTIONS
- ONE NEW VEHICLE DVD PLAYER W/ TWO HEAD PHONES AND INSTRUCTIONS
- ONE 4X28 RIFLE SCOPE
- ONE EZCHILL R-134a QUICK CHARGER
- ONE D. GRAY 120G APPLE IPOD
- SET OF TWO FLASHLIGHTS
- MISC CHARGING CABLES
- TWO DVD’S; 10,000 BC AND GET SMART
- ONE NIB BLUE JVC “FLATS” STEREO HEADPHONES
- ONE GARMIN NUVI GPS
- ONE TOMTOM GPS
- ONE CASE LOGIC CAMERA CASE BLK/GRY
- ONE PORTOCOL “LEATHERMAN” TOOL IN CASE
- ONE ITRIP FM TRANSMITTER
-  ONE KENSINGTON FM TRANSMITTER
- MORE MISC CHARGING CABLES
- ONE DUAL PORT SYNEX CAR ADAPTOR W/CHARGING CORD
- ONE PINK KODAK EASYSHARE C813 DIGITAL CAMERA
- ONE IPOD TOUCH 4TH GEN. 8GB W/COVER
- 27 MISC MUSIC CD’S
- ONE IPOD TOUCH 4TH GEN. 8GB W/COVER
- ONE GOLD WEDDING BAND MARKED 10K
- ONE CRAFTSMAN SCREWDRIVER
- ONE WOODEN BOX CONTAINING MISC JEWELRY AND PINS
- ONE WOODEN JEWELRY BOX W/MISC COSTUME JEWELRY
- 26 NEW MICROSOFT COMPUTER MICE
- ONE NEW WOMAN’S FOSSIL WATCH W/PINK FACE
- ONE NEW MEN’S FOSSIL WATCH W/GRAY FACE
- ONE IPOD TOUCH 4TH GEN 8GB W/COVER
- ONE IPAD 32GB (POSSIBLY 3RD OR 4TH GEN) WITH CASE (WIFI ONLY)
- ONE AMAZON KINDLE FIRE W/CASE
- ONE ACER ASPIRE ONE NET BOOK 101” SCREEN 250G HD, WIFI INTEL ATOM N570 PROCESSOR
- 19 BICYCLES, The cars will be on Ebay Sarurday morning as stated - for other items in auction (at the station) a list is available at the department from now until bidding starts on Saturday. You can view the items at the station beginning at 9am on Saturday., One of two vehicles open for bidding through Ebay.  Search EPD auctions (include the "s"). The bidding will begin 9am Saturday morning., One of two vehicles open for bidding through Ebay.  Search EPD auctions (include the "s"). The bidding will begin 9am Saturday morning., Eastlake Police Annual Auction will take place Saturday June 8, 2013. Items can be viewed at the Eastlake Police garage (south side of the building) beginning at 9am. Bidding will begin at 10am. Those of you wishing to bid on the two vehicles, there will be an online bidding with Ebay. Search EPD auctions (include the "s"). This will begin at 9am Saturday. For a complete list of items being auctioned at the garage there are lists available in the EPD front lobby and will also be available on Saturday. Vehicles will be posted on FB shortly., 06/05/13 0205hrs advised of a potential problem with a patron an officer checked the parking lot of a bar on Vine St where he was approached by a staggering 40 year old female Willoughby resident. She had a strong smell of an alcohol beverage and she rambled on without making sentences. She was advised she would need to find a ride home to which replied with colorful language. She then lay slowly down in the parking lot, appearing as though she had passed out, then pretending to have a seizure. She rolled over, stood up and began to stagger away swearing and stumbling, heading for the roadway. She was arrested, transported to EPD where she threw up, urinated on the bed and  slid in the vomit. Later this morning she spent cleaning her cell and then was released with a misdemeanor citation for disorderly intoxication., 06/04/13 2004hrs let summer begin.... officers were dispatched to the area of E 340 and Jennison for a juvenile complaint. The juveniles, standing on a corner were questioned on what they were doing and other hanging out they said they were passing around incense sticks that were lit. Four of the juveniles, ages ranging from 14-16 had no contraband on their persons. Contained in a backpack of one of the 15 years old was an open bottle of Captain Morgan's Parrot Bay and Hpnotiq liqueur, which the juvenile admitted to drinking some Parrot Bay earlier.  Four of the males were sent on their way as they had not been drinking. The male in possession of the alcohol was arrested for underage consumption/possession. It was learned he is currently on probation and supposed to be on house arrest. His ankle bracelet was located in his bedroom. He was released to a parent, probation department to be notified of the arrest., 05/31/13 2311hrs EPD was dispatched to the 700 block of Waverly for a disturbance that was in progress between a male and female. On arrival to the above location, in looking into the backdoor of the residence, officers were able to look down the stairs and hear two individuals struggling with each other and throwing food items around. Officers knocked on the door and were invited into the house. Officers learned the two in a disagreement both choose to mutually push, shove and strike at each other. This physical disturbance then turned into an event where they choose to throw food at each other, including bologna sandwiches and a jar of mayonnaise. The two do not reside together nor do they have children in common. Neither party wished to pursue charges against the other, the male wishing for the female to leave the residence. Both the 40 year old male and 44 year old female were cited with disorderly conduct citations prior to the female leaving the home., 05/31/13 1656hrs dispatch advised of a possible impaired driver traveling westbound Lakeshore at 91 called in by a motorist. The vehicle was observed by an officer to be traveling much slower than the posted 50 mph speed limit and the rest of the traffic on 91. A traffic stop was initiated, 91 at Stevens as the vehicle traveled southbound in the left lane and started to drift over the center line towards the right lane.  Instead of pulling to the right the vehicle stopped in the left lane. The 56 year old female driver was trying to put on her seatbelt.  The officer motioned for the car to pull to the right but the driver did not respond. On approach to the female instructing her to pull to the right side of the road, the female put the car in neutral and stepped on the accelerator revving the engine.  The female then put the car in reverse and started backing toward the patrol unit. Officers yelled and she stopped the car before striking the patrol vehicle.  The female was escorted to the right side of the roadway and her vehicle moved by patrol. After failing sobriety testing she was arrested for OVI. Score .274., •	By: Cassandra Nist, newsnet5.com
WILLOUGHBY, Ohio - Police were called out to an autobody shop overnight after a black bear was spotted inside.
Police say the bear has been spotted all over the city in the past several days.
According to Willoughby police, the bear was spotted near Kirkland High School, a BP gas station and along Ridge Road. The bear has also been spotted on Worden Road in Wickliffe, Ohio.
Just after 1 a.m. Monday, Wickliffe Police reported the bear at E.305 and Euclid Avenue before it headed into Willoughby.
The bear fled the autobody shop located near Beidler Road just before 3 a.m. Monday and headed for the railroad tracks near a trailer park.
Police say they are not searching for the animal at this time.

Read more: http://www.newsnet5.com//dpp/news/local_news/oh_lake/willoughby-police-report-black-bear-inside-of-autobody-shop#ixzz2VA26wCbo, MONDAY NIGHT SUPPORT GROUP
WILL BEGIN AGAIN THIS MONDAY
JUNE 3, 2013

The Eastlake Police Victims Assistance Program offers a confidential support group for women who are currently in or who have been in an unhealthy relationship.

Where
Eastlake Police Department
35150 Lakeshore Boulevard
Eastlake, OH 44095

When
6:30-8p.m.

Please contact the Eastlake Police Victim Advocates at 975-4252
or 951-1400 for further information., 05/30/13 1820hrs EPD along with rescue responded to East View Meadows apts for a private property accident involving a pedestrian. Through independent witness statements it was determined the 8 year old child was running through the grass at the complex, ran into the driveway and into a vehicle exiting the parking lot. (the side near the front of the car) The boy was transported to the hospital for his minor injuries. The driver was found to not be at fault., On Wednesday, May 22 at 2235hrs an Eastlake resident on Lakeshore was the victim of an armed robbery, which occurred after several individuals entered his home at gunpoint and stole money and guns from his residence. Eastlake PD Detectives tracked one of the suspects to the Maple Hts area and apprehended her. Tanisha Strowder, age 21 was arrested in connection with the robbery and soliciting prostitution.  She is currency being held on a $50,000 cash bond at the Lake County Jail. Her male accomplices will have warrants issued for their arrest forthcoming., 05/26/13 1740hrs EPD responded to Lakeshore/Stevens in Lakeline for a vehicle that struck a parked car with the driver passed out behind the wheel. A witness advised he observed the vehicle driving down Stevens where it stopped behind a parked car for a moment as if it were waiting for on coming traffic to pass. There were no other vehicles traveling on Stevens at that time.  The car started to move at an idle speed and clipped a parked vehicle, drove onto the curb and came to a complete stop at the stop at Lakeshore. The 50 year old female resident was transported to Lake West and later cited and released on an unsecured bond at the hospital for OVI, driving under suspension and full time attention. She also had four warrants with four different departments., 05/25/13 28 year old female from Painesville was arrested on felony charges of attempting to cash a fraudulent/forged check and possession of criminal tools at Drug Mart on 05/17/13. Prior to the manager refusing to cash what he suspected was a fraudulent check, the female provided her valid license identification to the manager who retained the information and provided it to officers., 05/25/13 2025hrs theft from a bar on Vine St. A white male approximately 40-50 years old, 5’6” about 180lbs with black and gray hair, asked a female customer to borrow her cell phone, which she allowed. The male took the phone and fled from the bar. He ran through a neighboring business and was last seen heading toward E 332St. The male is also being accused of taking money that was left out on the bar. The only information we have on the male’s identity is the nickname he goes by “barfly”. If anyone knows the true identity of the male please inbox this page, do not post the name in the reply section., 05/25/13 0842hrs officers responded to the 1300 block of E 348St to attempt to serve a felony possession of heroin charge on a 52 year old resident. On arrival the homeowner allowed officers access to the home. Upon approaching the suspect’s room, where officers were advised the male was, they observed the male attempting to draw suspected heroin from a spoon into a syringe. The male was taken into custody on the warrant and charged with another felony possession of heroin charge. He is being held without bond until court appearance., Have a safe Memorial Day weekend, null, 05/23/13 1700hrs Lost and found:  marijuana - found in the parking lot at Walmart. Call EPD to identify along with the approximate weight in grams to claim., 05/23/13 officer responded to Walgreens for a female in the store trying to return items she just removed from a shelf. The female was observed entering the store and taking a shopping bag out of the cashier’s area,  selecting merchandise and placing it into the shopping bag she took. She then went to the customer service area to attempt the return of the two items. Although she denied the accusation it is clearly seen on store surveillance video. The 44 year old Mentor resident was arrested for theft and held on court set bond., 05/22/13 2147hrs officers responded to Dover Apts for a neighbor dispute. While one officer spoke to the initial complainant, the other involved party was located in another apartment and was asked to step outside to speak with the officer. As she stepped outside her balance was poor and the officer had to grab her arm to keep her from falling. Once outside, the 41 year old female saw her neighbor and started yelling and attempting to go after the other female. She would not/could not control her turbulent behavior and was taken into custody for disorderly intoxication and held until sober. The dogs, the subject of the dispute behaved properly., 05/22/13 1147hrs a vehicle traveling southbound on 91 near Vine struck the curb on the left of the roadway, crossed the traffic lanes, went off the roadway to the right and struck two utility poles before coming to a rest. The driver, a 34 year Wickliffe resident was transported to the hospital for treatment of his injuries.  He was cited for driving under suspension and failure to control. Driver fatigue is believed to be the cause of the crash. Should blood results come back positive for any substances new charges will be sought., 05/21/13 1108hrs According to a caller, a newborn fawn fell head first into the creek in the 800 block of Erie Rd and was struggling in the water. An officer responded and was able to pull the fawn from the creek. The fawn and mother reunited., Former Eastlake Youth Softball League commissioner sentenced on 2 sex counts Tuesday, May 21, 2013
By Tracey Read
A former Eastlake Youth Softball League commissioner apologized Monday before being sentenced to 10 months in prison on two sex counts.
“I’m ashamed of what I did,” 46-year-old Scott Schinke said in Lake County Common Pleas Court.
The Eastlake resident had asked Judge Vincent A. Culotta to instead sentence him to probation and allow him to get help since he had no prior criminal record.
But Culotta called Schinke’s brief statement in court “a failed attempt at remorse.”
Schinke previously pleaded guilty to a felony count of pandering sexually oriented material involving a minor and a misdemeanor charge of sexual imposition.
He admitted inappropriately touching a 17-year-old girl in July 2010. The victim was not a player in the league.
The girl was volunteering at the concession stand when Schinke lunged toward her crotch. He also asked for nude pictures of her, prosecuting attorney Taylir Linden said.  “The defendant held a position of trust,” Linden said.

The other charge involved possession of child pornography.
Eastlake police said Schinke used a fake Facebook account under the screen name “GentMale.” Several underage girls were listed as his “friends.”    A search of his computer turned up 456 images of suspected child pornography, including 12 images of beastiality, 213 child erotica pictures and 31 videos, said Linden.

The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children were able to identify 15 people from all over the world in the images, added the prosecutor.  The prosecutor said Schinke initially tried to blame other people for the illegal pictures, including his now-deceased brother.

Culotta said Schinke also claimed he never grabbed the girl, but accidentally elbowed her in the chest.  Schinke, who has been declared a Tier 2 sexual offender, resigned from the league after the groping incident became public.

He could have been sentenced to up to 18 months in prison.

“I don’t think there’s any need to send him to prison,” Assistant County Public Defender James Mathews said. “He deserves a chance, your honor.”, 05/20/13 2341hrs EPD was dispatched to Dover Apts for a male that was looking into a window at an apartment where the female caller lives. A search of the nearby area resulted in the arrest of a 38 male resident. The male was located sitting in his car in the parking lot and subsequently positively identified by the caller. He was charged with trespassing, a misdemeanor and held for court set bond., Shared from Harrison ville, Missouri:
A 16-year-old girl was killed during her first solo drive when police say her texting on her cell phone caused her to pull in front of an oncoming tractor trailer. 
State troopers say Savannah Nash of Harrisonville, Missouri, was killed instantly when her PT Cruiser collided with an oncoming semi just two blocks from her home on Thursday.
The crash was in fact so close to home that one of her neighbors reported hearing the horrific impact as both vehicles collided., 05/19/13 0022hrs units were dispatched to E 345St on a disturbance call involving a male that has left the residence on foot intoxicated. On Roberts Rd a male was standing on the sidewalk, yelling back to someone that "the police were here now and I’m giving up". The male dropped to his knees and placed his hands on his head in an arrest position and said "just take me to jail". It was determined the disturbance was a verbal altercation only but the residents did not want the 37 year old Concord male to return to the residence. The male was asked if there was a sober person that could pick him up and he advised there was not and the officer should just take him to jail. At that time we complied., There will be no Domestic Violence Womens Support Group Monday May 20th and Monday May 27th. Group will resume June 3rd at 6:30PM. If you have Questions please call the Victim Advocates at 440-975-4252., 05/18/13 0209hrs a vehicle traveling 46mph in a 25mph zone on Vine St approached 91 and appeared as though it was going to proceed S/B in the N/B lanes but jerked to the right and corrected it self going into the S/B lanes. A traffic stop was initiated – the 28 year old female from University Hts advised, when asked, that she had one drink. During sobriety testing and while taking her shoes off she urinated over herself. She was taken into custody for OVI along with the traffic violations. Score .176, Eastlake Officers participated in the Memorial Day Ceremony on Friday in Cleveland., 05/16/13 1427hrs a homeowner on E 343ST called EPD to advise that there was a “drunk man” on the front porch of the house across the street who was yelling obscenities and was not the residence of the home. The male, known by officers - who resides elsewhere in the city, was highly intoxicated and unable to answer questions or speak coherently. He was taken into custody for disorderly conduct while intoxicated after he was unable to get off the stairs to allow the juvenile resident, who was returning from school, access to the door., By News-Herald staff
Eastlake Boulevard of 500 Flags Volunteer Committee will host a work party at 8:30 a.m. on Saturday to sort and raise the flags.
The work parties are open to anyone, and those interested in volunteering should bring gloves and pliers.  The committee operates on donations and the help of volunteers.  
For details, call Joe Strand at 440-942-9344., null, 05/14/13 1616hrs attempted burglary was reported in the 700 block of Rokeby – the investigation revealed entry was attempted through a bathroom window but due to the size of the window no entry was made and only damaged property. A screen door on the 
the back sliding patio door was opened but the door was also secured and as a result, no one was able to gain access into the house. Investigation continuing., null, 05/12/13 0116hrs officers still on scene on the prior call on E 348St requested a tow for a vehicle parked in the driveway blocking other cars. The vehicle owner had fled the party when he encountered police initially at the home. Once the car was hooked and began leaving the drive, the 18 year old male returned. He became increasing unruly, yelling and stepping between the vehicle and the tow truck. After several warnings he was taken into custody for disorderly intoxication, transported to EPD and held until sober., 05/12/13 0030hrs report of a large, possible underage drinking party in the 1000 block of E 348St.  On arrival  there were beer bottles strewn all over the street. The party house door was opened for EPD. Inside there was a large group of males and females with beer and liquor bottles scattered throughout the home. The 18 year old female hosting the revelry was arrested under the “keg law” and after processing was released to a relative.  Others present called parents and were released on scene. The homeowner, currently vacationing, was also notified., 05/11/13 1605hrs private property accident at the final score – a vehicle being driven by a 47 year old male resident stated he had turned into the south driveway of the bar from the left lane of Vine E/B. When he started to brake the vehicle did not stop and continued traveling until it struck the south wall of the business breaking the windows and damaging the wall. A check of the brake reservoir showed there was no brake fluid in the newly purchased used vehicle. Report for record only., 05/10/13 1947hrs disturbance between two brothers in the 700 block of E 347St. The brothers (48 and 51 years old) were arguing over the sobriety of one brother who in turn was arguing over issues concerning another family member. The eldest brother was placed under arrest for disorderly intoxication. He also had an active warrant through this department for a probation violation stemming from an earlier disorderly intox arrest by EPD. He was held for sobriety and bonded out the following morning., 05/09/13 2155hrs officers were dispatched to Eastview Meadows on the report of three people fighting in the parking lot. According to the victim and witnesses the victim (18) was struck with a stick in the head by one male who then proceeded to strike his vehicle with the stick causing damage. Another male struck the victim in the jaw and demanded the contents of his pockets. The argument apparently was over a 17 year old female who no longer wished to have contact with the victim and asked the two males to convey that message. A 19 year old male resident was arrested and charged with simple assault and criminal damage. Charged with felony robbery was 26 year old resident Erik Hoberg. Hoberg was held without bond until arraignment on 05/10/13., null, 05/08/13 1644hrs hit-skip vehicle vs utility pole occurred at SR91 and Glen all three occupants then fled the scene. The driver of the vehicle was located unconscious near a front porch of a home on Glen and later transported to Lake West. The others were located and taken into custody without incident. Through the investigation, statements and witnesses it was learned the driver was under the influence of heroin and overdosed. A passenger in the vehicle threw syringes and other evidence down a sewer drain upon fleeing the vehicle that were later recovered by officers. The driver, a 23 year old male Mentor resident was charged with driving under the influence of drugs, possession of drug instruments and traffic citations. Both male occupants 26 and 29 (Mentor and Lakeline) were charged with drug abuse instruments, the 26 year also faces a felony charge of tampering with evidence. Possession of heroin charges for all three are pending Lake County Crime Lab results., 05/08/13 1303hrs - going out on a limb here but I don’t think this 53 year old male from Willowick got the job – EPD was dispatched to E 361St for an intoxicated male that fell between some pallets while asking for a job. The male was located between two piles of wooden pallets with dried blood around his mouth. The male could not stand up, had to be helped to his feet and could not balance. He had to be placed in a patrol unit to prevent himself from further injury. He was taken into custody, processed and held for sobriety., Our department has been working with the Captains promoting a "good deeds" program.  We have ticket vouchers from the team to give out to deserving young people within the community that have performed an unselfish act.  We appreciate the continued cooperation and partnership with the Captains and look forward in giving all of our vouchers out to many of the good young people within our community.   Please do not inbox us about this program but you may call 440 951-1400 x-224 with questions.

Chief Larry Reik, We had an elderly female who was scammed for a large amount of money by a person posing as a relative that needed money wired to another location to get them out of jail.  If you get any request please double and triple check the information because once the money is sent it is impossible to get it back and unlikely to prosecute., null, A 53 year old resident reported his 30 year old nephew stole his credit card and used $600 out of his account. The reporting officer called the nephew, “Your Uncle is making a complaint that you stole his credit card and used it.” Nephew, “He’s not pinning that on me, we smoked crack all day together at his trailer. I didn’t have any money so my job was to get money from the bank, run to Cleveland and bring back crack. No way is he hanging that on me!” Complainant, “I’ve changed my mind I don’t want to make a report.” Report taken for record., One of the faces behind the evil -, 05/05/13 0320hrs a vehicle traveling west on Vine in front of a patrol unit made a turn onto SR 91 N/B going through the red light without coming to a stop before turning, the operator started jerking the vehicle within it’s lane of travel on 91. A traffic stop was conducted on 91 near Stevens. After fumbling through paperwork sitting on the drivers lap looking for information requsted of him, he was asked how much he had to drink. He replied two drinks, later increasing the number to four. The 32 year old male resident was very accommodating and cooperative while performing field sobriety testing even offering to retake certain areas of the tests.  Upon failing testing he was arrested for OVI, driving under OVI suspension, and the traffic light. He was processed and released to a relative who signed a release of intoxicated persons form. Score .202, Two more heroin overdoses this weekend. The 23 year old male was found unconscious on the floor, discovered by his mother not breathing and purple – first officer on scene continued the CPR his mother had started was able to get him breathing prior to EFD arrival.  Fortunately he made it and was transported to the hospital by rescue. Another, a 66 year old male had passed before our arrival, possibly the night before. Heroin and syringes were located in the bedroom he was in., 05/04/13 0147hrs officers observed a vehicle in a closed business lot on Lakeland that was parked and had its lights on. When approaching the vehicle there was vomit outside the driver’s side door. A female, later identified as a 22 year old from Chesterland was asleep in the vehicle with her head on the steering wheel. She was asked to step outside of the vehicle where she exhibited poor balance. Because she was unable to care for herself at this time, her vehicle was parked in a parking space and she was cited for disorderly intoxication. She was transported back to EPD and held until sober., Something more on the lighter side: 05/02/13 2225hrs shoppers at Walmart called to report a female acting oddly in a vehicle parked in the fire lane. More than one caller observed the female pull several items from her bra and place them in the car. The 41 year old female from Westlake (former resident) was identified and had actually paid for the items, i.e.; clothing and jewelry, producing a receipt. She was walking in and out of the store trying on her recent purchases in the dressing room. When she decided she did not like how she looked she went back into the store to change again, placing the other purchases in her bra instead of a bag. She was advised to find another dressing room and to carry her purchases in a bag., Heroin Use Facts of The Day:

-Heroin overdoses have caused more deaths than traffic accidents in the past several years.

-There are believed to be at least 700,000 people in the United States who need treatment for addiction but are not receiving it.

If you or someone you know is in need of treatment or counseling due to opiate addiction, please call our victim advocate office at 440-975-4252. There is help available and they can provide information that can assist you on the road to recovery.

Also, contact Sergeant Gutka if you have any concerns or information about heroin use in the city of Eastlake., 05/02/13 1839hrs officers responded to Willoway Beach Park on the report of two wanted persons waiting for a ride at that location. The two were identified as a 19 year old female and a 22 year old male, both residents. The two were placed into custody on felony warrants for possession of heroin through Euclid PD. A search of the male’s person revealed two used syringes and a paper bindle containing heroin. The male was additionally charged with another felony count for possession of heroin and a misdemeanor charge of drug equipment.  The female was released to Euclid PD’s custody, the male was held without bond until arraignment today., 05/02/13 1829hrs officer running stationary radar on Erie Rd stopped a vehicle traveling 40MPH in the 25MPH zone. Occupants other than the driver were one adult passenger and the driver’s three small children. The vehicle operator, a 28 year old male from Willoughby, had a failure to appear warrant from Eastlake and had a suspended status. He was placed under arrest for the warrant and traffic violations. The passenger in the vehicle, a 29 year old male from Cleveland was a valid driver but is a registered sex offender - he was allowed to drive the vehicle from the scene however, the children were transported to EPD to await a relative to pick them up., 05/01/13 2215hrs a caller advised a male in a wheelchair on E 337St was going backwards up and down the street, had almost been hit by a couple of cars and vehicles were beeping their horns at him. The 36 year old male was identified then given a courtesy transport to his apartment in Cleveland., 05/01/13 2200hrs a male resident reported a stranger keeps calling his 10 year old daughter. EPD called the phone number which returned to a company that was responsible for the calls. The call center representative stated they received her information from a website for a home business in which someone unknown had filled information in on the child. The company was asked to remove her information from their records and the father will contact the website company to have her information removed also., 05/01/13 2024hrs EPD responded to a disturbance in the 1300 block of E 345St. On arrival officers found the 52 year old male involved barricaded in his bedroom with his 29 year old girlfriend attempting to break down the door. The male remained in his room watching TV alone and both were given verbal warnings on the on the disturbance., Volunteers preparing Eastlake's Boulevard of 500 Flags for season
By Elizabeth Lundblad
With Memorial Day a few short weeks away, the Eastlake’s Committee of 500 Flags is preparing to replace 300 old flagpoles with new ones that will help extend the life of the flags.

Committee Chairman Joe Strand said much of the work is being done in-house, with committee members working on preparing the poles for replacement.

The Boulevard of 500 Flags, which is a memorial honoring the men and women who have served the United States in all branches of the armed forces, typically flies flags from Memorial Day to Veterans Day. All of the work associated with the memorial is performed by volunteers.

Those interested in helping replace the poles can show up to help at 8:30 a.m. every Saturday until Memorial Day, Strand said.
Replacing the poles is heavy, manual labor, he added, and better suited for adults.

“If they’re willing to do some hard work they can show up on Saturday mornings,” Strand said.

The date for installing all of the flags has yet to be determined.

“Mother nature has a lot to do with what we do down there,” Strand said. “They will be ready for the Memorial Day weekend.”

Those wanting more information about helping set up can contact Karin Garry at the city, 440-951-1416 ext. 101., 04/30/13 1851hrs a verbal dispute between a 15 year old female resident and her 18 year old boyfriend from Willowick turned physical while the two were walking on Vine St. According to a witness, when she heard yelling she looked out the window and saw the male “punch her and knock her down.” The 15 year old admitted to removing headphones from his head and spitting on him. The male retaliated by punching her in the arm and when the female blocked his path he grabbed her by the neck and began punching her. He was taken into custody charged with assault. He posted his bond immediately and was released after being processed., 04/30/13 1800hrs a 23 year old cross-dressing male from Wickliffe was arrested on two counts of theft after being detained by Walmart Loss Prevention Officers. The male concealed an electric toothbrush, brush heads and thigh high hosiery into a purse he had also stolen totaling $221.84. On 04/27/13 this same male was observed on surveillance video concealing an electric toothbrush and brush heads valued at $178. He was taken into custody and held on court set bond of $404 which was not posted., 04/28/13 0124hrs while at Vine St and E 337St an officer observed a vehicle approaching from the east with no headlights passing the cruiser. The operator of the vehicle pulled in the old Walgreen’s parking lot and pulled into a parking space. The officer pulled in behind the vehicle and as he was approaching the driver the 32 year old Willoughby woman backed up around him, passed him, and began driving toward Vine. He yelled at the operator and she stopped her car facing Vine St. After failing field sobriety testing the female was taken into custody for OVI. Her 21 year old male passenger, a resident, was also arrested for disorderly intoxication when he failed to remain seated in the car as instructed to. Drive score .212, Pictured is Chief Reik with Lt Maloney at his graduation at a recent 3 week management course. Congratulations., 04/27/13 1801hrs a 19 year old male from Madison was arrested for shoplifting $224.84 worth of game controllers from Walmart. He concealed the controllers in a diaper bag that had been stolen from the Mentor Walmart earlier in the day along with additional game controllers that he turned into a game shop for $12 each. He was arrested and held on court set bond, null, 04/26/13 0914hrs officers responded to the 1200 block of E 359St to attempt to serve a felony warrant on a 26 year old male wanted for a probation violation involving drugs from LCSO.  The male was located as he was leaving in a vehicle from the home. A traffic stop was conducted and the male was placed under arrest. During a search of his person prior to transport a syringe and glass smoking bowl was found on his person. He was charged with possession of drug equipment, arraigned then transported to Lake County Jail to face his felony charge., 04/26/13 complaint received at the dog park on Lakeshore. A caller reported he had to leave the park due to people bringing coyotes, goats and dogs to the park. Located at the park were dogs, a goat but no coyotes…the owner of the goat, a Euclid resident was getting ready to leave when we arrived., Warning of new scams:
By Bob Sullivan, Columnist, NBC News

'Ransomware' tricks victims into paying hefty fines
Symantec Corp. 

This pop-up screen appears to come from the FBI.
Computer users around the globe are being hit by a new kind of virus that freezes their computer and accuses them of committing heinous crimes, like distributing child porn. The threats sound real enough that victims are coughing up $200 to pay a "fine," and virus writer gangs are netting millions, security firms say.

The message that flashes across infected computer screens sounds downright scary:

"You have been viewing or distributing child porn ... violating article 202 of the Criminal Code of the United States of America," says one version, allegedly sent by the FBI. A virus victim supplied the message to NBC News.

In each case, the accusation appears on a pop-up screen while the virus simultaneously disables the computer. The message often shows the user's IP address and city, and sometimes, recent websites visited by the victim.  The most alarming version activates the victim’s webcam, takes his or her picture, and displays it on the warning.

"They are saying, 'we know who you are, where you are, and what you were doing,'" said John Harrison, a security researcher with Symantec. "They attempt to scare the heck out of you."

The victim is then offered an option: pay a fine within 72 hours, and the charges will be dropped, while the computer will be restored. 

Symantec Corp

In this version of the scam, the virus activates the victim's webcam and displays an image from it on the screen, making the warning even more unnerving
The malicious software is so cleverly crafted that it comes with 30 to 40 versions packed inside. It displays in the appropriate language for victims — English, Spanish, Russian, etc. — and invokes the local federal authorities. A U.S. victim might get a notice from the FBI's Internet Crime Complaint Center, while a Canadian victim gets one from the Royal Canadian Mounted Police.

The message is fake, of course — and even those who pay the "fine" still have a broken computer. But victims worldwide are falling for it. Harrison said for one version he tracked, roughly 3 percent of victims actually paid up. The criminals behind that virus netted $5 million, Symantec estimates.

With results like that, other virus gangs have been quick to copy the profitable formula. Symantec believes that gangs who spent the past couple of years making money tricking consumers into paying for fake antivirus software have all taken up the fake criminal charges and fine scam.

"So many of these folks have jumped on the bandwagon," Harrison said. "They have really transitioned into this."

The general technique is called ransomware — a virus disables the computer, allegedly holding it hostage until a ransom is paid — and it's not new. But the clever combination of an abrupt interruption, the localization trick, and the severity of the accusation catches many victims unaware, and they let their guard down enough to pay the fine.

There are no hard numbers on the frequency of ransomware, but there's plenty of anecdotal evidence it's on the rise. In February, Europol busted a multi-national crime ring involving a Russian programmer arrested in the United Arab Emirates, and 10 others arrested in Madrid, Spain. There were victims across 30 countries.  Authorities in Spain said 700,000 Spaniards had contacted the government asking for help after becoming infected.

The agency issued another warning about the scam on April 11.

“Fraudsters are deploying extortion techniques using Europol's identity and logo to con EU citizens out of money,” the warning says. “Variations of this con, using the identities of other international and European agencies, are also in circulation.”

It's possible the problem is even worse than security firms realize, because many victims may not be reporting the infection, Harrison said.

"If you were at work and there was a message on your screen that said you were viewing child porn, would you run to get your IT department?" he said.

Most victims pick up the virus by visiting booby-trapped web pages that surreptitiously install software on victims' machines through "drive-by” download, or by downloading free software from disreputable sites.  In fact, some variations of the virus accuse victims of violating copyright law, knowing that is likely true.

Victims shouldn't pay the fine, Harrison said, but they should know that various software tools — including free tools available at Symantec — can rid their machines of the virus., null, Lake County Captains
April 27 vs. Clinton LumberKings
Eastlake Appreciation Day
Eastlake Appreciation Day features $2 tickets for Eastlake residents, UPDATE: On 04/23/12 the third suspect in this incident (re-posted below) was apprehended by members of the US Marshal’s Fugitive Task Force in Painesville. The Wickliffe resident, 30 year old Michael Kenny Bellamy, was transported back to EPD and charged with felony aggravated robbery and felonious assault. He is being held on $50,000 cash or surety bond.
04/06/13 2309hrs – EPD responded to the Vineyards for an injured male that stated he was robbed. Ironically it turns out the “victim” Derek Warner Jr 20 of Cleveland, a drug dealer, arranged to meet David Dawson, 31 also of Cleveland to sell him a quantity of heroin. Once at the Vineyards Dawson along with another male jumped into the “victim’s” vehicle pistol whipping him, with what turned out to... be a BB pistol, ironically stealing his heroin, crack cocaine and cash from the drug dealing Warner. Warner was transported to Lake West for treatment of his injuries and upon release was arrested for felony possession of heroin and crack. Dawson was later arrested on felony charges from another agency. Dawson is being held in Lake County jail and will be arraigned on felony charges of felonious assault, aggravated robbery and destroying evidence. The identity of the third male involved in the robbery is not being released at this time., 04/23/13 2051hrs officers were dispatched to Forest Dr for an assault report. On arrival according to a witness, the two intoxicated female residents, 54 and 58 respectively, were engaged in a knock down, hair pulling, kicking and punching altercation over one of them being upset the other was speaking with a 58 year old male. One of the females fled the area prior to EPD arrival. Observed on the female present were red marks on the female’s face, eye and neck that was conducive to the allegations. The other involved party was located a short distance away, belligerent and uncooperative. Both females were taken into custody for misdemeanor assault – mutual combatants and held on court set bond., 04/23/13 1552hrs menacing complaint – a 20 year old female resident reported she asked a 21 year old male from Euclid to pick her up from her residence and drive her to Superior Ave in Cleveland for an agreed upon price of $25.  Once the transport was completed the female did not have the money to pay the man. When the female returned home the male began threatening her via text messages, phone and voicemails demanding $150, $25 for monies promised and $125 in interest.  EPD contacted the male who agreed to respond to EPD and pick up his $25 that was supplied by the complainant’s mother to pay the agreed upon debt., null, The Lake County Opiate Task Force and the Lake County ADAMHS
Board are excited to present “Operation Street Smart”.

Thursday, May 9 • Eastlake Radisson
Registration: Noon • Program: 12:30 - 4:30

Operation Street Smart is an award winning initiative of the Franklin County Ohio Sheriff’s Department. The program is aimed primarily at adults who deal regularly with youth. Two undercover detectives with thirty-plus years of combined narcotics experience conduct the presentation, which includes actual samples of both “trend” and “traditional” street drugs and drug paraphernalia. You’ll learn more about physiological effects of drug abuse/addiction, about drug related street slang and terminology, and about ways abusers and addicts access their drugs and camouflage their behaviors.

Who should attend:
Social workers, first responders, school
counselors, teachers, school administrators,
clergy, coaches, parents, grandparents...

To register: 
Call Kelly Tuttle: 440-350-2384
or email ktuttle@lakeadamhs.org, Long-term effects of heroin use include:

Bad teeth
Inflammation of the gums
Constipation
Cold sweats
Itching
Weakening of the immune system
Coma
Respiratory (breathing)
illnesses
Introversion
Depression
Pustules on the face
Loss of appetite
Insomnia
Muscular weakness, partial paralysis
Loss of memory and intellectual performance, 04/22/13 1053hrs a 48 year old female from Painesville, a former caregiver for an elderly male resident, was given a citation for disorderly conduct for entering the residence of the her former patient to take custody of his dog. The male had made it clear that he does not wish to have the female in his home or caring for his dog. She has taken the dog on past occasions and was told she was not to do this in the future. It was explained further that if the resident wished to pursue this matter he could have her arrested for a minimum of criminal trespass or burglary since she did remove the dog without the owners consent. Officers gave the dog a ride home to return him to his rightful owner., 04/20/13 2336hrs EPD received a call of an intoxicated female walking on the Chagrin River Bridge that appeared impaired. On arrival to the area the officer recognized the female as he had transported the 58 year old female to a friend’s home on Lakeshore at 2154hrs after a call came in of an intoxicated female walking on Lakeshore near the Marina. At that time she was advised to stay in for the night at her friend’s home or she would be arrested if found out walking again.  At this time, the female stumbled and fell to the sidewalk as the cruiser stopped at her location. As promised, she was taken into custody for public intoxication, cited and held for sobriety., 04/20/13 2015hrs officers responded to Manor Park Apts on the report of an intoxicated male causing a disturbance and refusing to leave his mother’s apartment. While officers were on the walkway to the apartment the 40 year old male was literally pushed out of the apartment by someone and was attempting to push his way back in. He was immediately handcuffed for safety purposes. According to the complainants the male was asked to leave the apartment due to his intoxicated state, he became agitated and began fighting with his step-father and punching holes into the walls. He was arrested, transported back to EPD, processed, charged with assault and held for court set bond., 04/20/13 we lost a resident to another suspected heroin overdose this weekend. This male in his 30’s was discovered by his family already deceased. Heroin, drug equipment and other paraphernalia were located on scene., Boston you can finally get some rest. Great job by all law enforcement agencies involved and the citizens that came involved. Our continued support to all involved., 04/18/13 1443hrs this 59 year old male from Lyndhurst, deciding it was a nice day yesterday, walked into Walmart with his own shopping bags and chose a hat, shorts, earrings and a lawn chair placing the smaller items into the bag. He was stopped by Loss Prevention as he exited the door with the $37 worth of merchandise. He was arrested, processed, posted his own bond and finally transported to a neighboring city on an active warrant they had for his arrest., 04/17/13 1800hrs officers responded to the 33000 block of Willowick Dr on the report of a male that had followed two females, 26 and 27, as they were walking exposing himself to the females. The male ran from the area when confronted by the women. A short while (52 minutes) later this wand waiver again exposed himself, this time to a 54 year old female at Clearwater Apts.  During the course of this report, due to the proximity to the Willowick city boarder, their department was notified with a description of the male. An officer from Willowick advised he had seen the male laying in a grassy area at N Marginal Apts. The 51 year old Willowick male was identified by the victims, apprehended, charged with two counts of indecent exposure and  held on court set bond., The effects of heroin use:

Heroin abuse is associated with serious health conditions, including fatal overdose, spontaneous abortion, and—particularly in users who inject the drug—infectious diseases, including HIV/AIDS and hepatitis.

Chronic users may develop collapsed veins, infection of the heart lining and valves, abscesses, and liver or kidney disease. Pulmonary complications, including various types of pneumonia, may result from the poor health of the abuser as well as from heroin’s depressing effects on respiration.

In addition to the effects of the drug itself, street heroin often
contains toxic contaminants or additives that can clog blood vessels
leading to the lungs, liver, kidneys, or brain, causing permanent damage to vital organs.

If an addict doesn't have heroin for around 24hrs after their last
injection he or she will suffer nasty withdrawals; vomiting, cramps, and diarrhea just to mention a few.

Information provided by:
http://www.drugabuse.gov/publications/drugfacts/heroin

We are asking that everyone please watch Channel 3 this evening at 7:00pm to get more information about this destructive drug.
http://www.wkyc.com/news/specials/heroin/default.aspx, Yesterday Dispatcher Sherry Brzeski from Eastlake PD  and Dispatcher Angela Trend from Willowick PD were both honored at the Gold Star Award Ceremony.  This is sponsored by the Association for Public Safety Communication personnel for the state of Ohio.  The awards were for their work on specific calls within the 2012 calendar year.  Sherry successfully and calmly talked a family through the Heimlich maneuver on a quadriplegic individual.
      Angela was the calm voice on the phone with the manager and the suspect in the tense situation at McDonalds last year.  Great job to both women who are a tribute to their profession, their departments and the entire Western Lake County area.  

Chief Larry Reik, Courtesy of Mac Mahaffee News Channel 3:  
I saw your post about the heroin epidemic and wanted to let you know Channel 3 is airing a one hour special tomorrow night at 7pm about this rapidly growing and deadly problem. Here's a preview of the show: http://www.wkyc.com/news/story.aspx?storyid=293823, Heroin has become an epidemic across the United States. Our city has become a victim to the drug and we have had a spike in overdoses over the last six months and our city is not alone. This is a problem that is not linked to a certain age, race, or gender more people are becoming users because it has become less expensive recently. It has also been noticed that there is a possible link that begins with legitimately obtained pain killers.

Heroin that is sold on the street can be laced with many different produces so a person will not know what they are truly injecting. It is not a drug to experiment with and many become addicted after the first use. Due to the lack of regulation in potency many people can overdose at anytime including their first time. 

We at the Eastlake Police Department are reaching out to help people understand that this drug is deadly. If you have any questions concerning heroin use and treatment call the Victim Advocates at #440-975-4252. If you know of drug use in our city people selling or using the drug please contact Sergeant Chris Gutka #440-951-1400 or by email at cgutka@eastlakepd.org. 

Keep checking on Facbook, we will be following up over the weeks with more information about this destructive drug., Please keep in mind that this week is Police communications week.  The dispatchers are a vital part of any agency and are the first people you come in contact with when you call the police.  They are on the phone and behind the radio but, unfortunatley many of you do not ever get to meet this important part of our team.  If you call the police for assistance or know a dispatcher remeber to thank them for their service.

Chief Larry Reik, April 16, 2013
Waste Pickup Delayed by Strike

Republic Waste has notified the City that due to a strike affecting several of their facilities, trash pickup and yard waste pickup may be delayed up to one day. In addition, recycle collection may be delayed to the end of the week. In any case, please place your trash, yard waste and recycle materials on the curb on your regularly scheduled day and leave it there until it is collected., 04/15/13 burglary report taken in the 37600 block of Lakeshore Blvd. The crime occurred sometime over the weekend while the resident was away. It appears a playstation was the only item missing. Under investigation, 04/15/13 1716hrs EPD and EFD responded to the Vineyards plaza for a drug overdose. On arrival a 23 year old female from Willoughby Hills was located in a vehicle unconscious. Life saving measures were taken and she was transported to the hospital. A 24 year old female, also from Willoughby Hills a passenger in the vehicle, was subsequently arrested for felony possession of heroin and felony tampering with evidence. She is currently being held without bond until a court appearance today., As our thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the bombings in Boston we ask that everyone remain vigilant and remember that there are people out there who want to do us harm.  Please, if you see something say something., A community's hand is on your shoulders Boston. Thoughts and prayers to all involved and our first responders., 04/14/13 1256hrs disturbance call in the parking lot of the Vineyards near Harbor Freight. A vehicle was traveling the wrong direction in an aisle way and was met by a vehicle driving the intended way. A stand off of sorts between both drivers and one passenger began with name calling, kicking of cars and people and one point one 21 year old female driver punched the 48 year old male driver in the face causing a cut to the inside of his mouth. The altercation was broken up by witnesses. The vehicle traveling the wrong way left the scene prior to our arrival but was located in Willowick. After all parties and unbiased witnesses were interviewed the assaulted party declined to press charges for the assault and he in turn was not charged with disorderly conduct for the racial slurs., 04/14/13 0337hrs officers on patrol were advised by an employee of Walmart a group of juveniles, with a boy among the group, were all in the women’s restroom and were now walking near the west boundary of the  store property. Upon seeing the officers the juveniles fled the area through the woods and were located a short time later behind a dumpster on Melinz Pkwy. The three juveniles 14, 15 and 16 were given curfew citations and transported back to EPD to await parent pick up. Two of the juveniles will be recommended for the diversion program, the other because of previous juvenile records with EPD will be sent to court., null, 04/12/13 2101hrs EPD received a call of a male being belligerent and starting fights because he was told he could not smoke in the bar – a drinking establishment on Lakeshore. On arrival the 40 year old male from Willoughby was standing outside the door of the bar smoking. When told that bar management wanted him to leave the premises he initially said he would and then only walked a few feet away from the entrance. He was talken into custody and charged with disorderly intoxication, cited and held until sober., 04/12/13 1450hrs Vine St was closed near Biagio's for about an hour and a half due to an accident where a vehicle struck the back end of a semi. The driver, a 63 year old male from Willoughby was transported to Hillcrest and is expected to make a full recovery., 04/12/13 1200hrs the School Recourse Officer along with a teacher at Kennedy Academy were assaulted by a 17 year old female student. The female had been separated from another female student who were about to engage in a fight - one student was sent to another room to cool off. The 17 year old in question, refused to abide by teachers or the officers requests to leave the room and instead swung a fist striking the officer in the face and then striking a teacher in the head. Once forcefully removed from the room she continued threatening to punch two teachers.  She was taken into custody charged with one felony charge of assault and one misdemeanor charge of assault. She was processed at EPD and released to a parent., During the month of March thirteen juveniles completed 104 hours of community service in the diversion program. Projects included trash pick up at North High, Walmart, the skate park, a Waverly Rd residence and Erie Rd. The station was cleaned and boxes of records relocated to another room in the station. They washed cars, shoveled snow and assisted with food distribution at the food bank. This does not include any of the calisthenics they participate in during down time., 04/12/13 a set of keys was located in the parking lot of the Handle Bar and turned over to the bar manager by a Good Samaritan. The key ring contains a Harley Davidson key, a small fob and others which maybe house keys. The keys can be retrieved at the bar., 04/11/13 1619hrs a male called 9-1-1 from Walmart wanting to turn himself in on a warrant that was issued for his arrest oddly enough for a contempt of court for a theft he committed at that store. He was picked up and is still here as he was unable to make bond., 04/11/13 1542hrs three male 15-16 year old juveniles played a role entering a home on E 351St by deception. The males fled the area on foot when noticed by a family member. The homeowner later advised there was nothing missing from the home. During a search of the area the trio, which had split up at that point, were picked up one by one along Vine St. The juveniles admitted to entering the home - two of the males allegedly searched for and removed marijuana and paraphernalia from the home while the third juvenile acted as look out outside.  The investigation led to Walgreen’s where video surveillance was reviewed which led to a duffle bag being recovered from the men’s restroom containing a small amount of marijuana and a large bong. The juvenile prosecutor will review report for charges of felony burglary on one of the males, burglary, possession of marijuana and paraphernalia on one male and lastly felony complicity to burglary on the other., 04/10/13 more pictures of todays captures with the US Marshals, 04/10/13 more pictures of todays captures with the US Marshals, 04/10/13 more pictures of todays captures with the US Marshals, CLEVELAND -- An Ohioan dies of a drug overdose every six hours. Usually it's an opioid painkiller or, more recently, heroin.
Suburban teens are the fastest growing group of heroin users in Northeast Ohio. Experts call the problem epidemic.
You know those little smiley and frowny face pain charts in the doctor's office? Well, in the late 90s, a push started in the medical community to start treating pain as the fifth vital sign.
Doctors started prescribing narcotic painkillers by the millions..
In 2004, state medical boards were encouraged to make under treatment of pain a punishable offense.
Doctors were essentially forced to treat patients with drugs many believed might be too strong or addictive.
In fact, in 2010, doctors and pharmacists gave out enough opiate painkillers to medicate every American adult around the clock for a month.
And by the middle of the decade, we had a prescription addiction epidemic.
The opioid pain pills, like oxycontin, oxycodone, percocet and vicodin, were usually reserved for cancer patients. They work great, but too often were being prescribed for people with back pain, arthritis and other chronic pain conditions.
When it was time to wean them off, many patients were helplessly addicted. So another push started to limit the amount of painkillers prescribed.
But there were already thousands of people hooked.
Without access to their meds, they started hitting the street.
Heroin is cheaper, easier to get and a much faster high. It's also the same derivative as what's in those opioid prescriptions.
Heroin is an old drug, but now it's a new killer epidemic.
Since 1999, unintentional drug overdose deaths in Ohio increased 372 percent. Heroin and opioid drugs killed 161 people in Cuyahoga County alone last year..
That's more deaths than all other illegal drugs combined, more than homicides, suicides and fatal car accidents.
The majority of deaths happen in the suburbs. The users are predominately white and women are the fastest growing users.                                         
WKYC-TV, 04/06/13 2309hrs – EPD responded to the Vineyards for an injured male that stated he was robbed. Ironically it turns out the “victim” Derek Warner Jr 20 of Cleveland, a drug dealer, arranged to meet David Dawson, 31 also of Cleveland to sell him a quantity of heroin. Once at the Vineyards Dawson along with another male jumped into the “victim’s” vehicle pistol whipping him, with what turned out to be a BB pistol, ironically stealing his heroin, crack cocaine and cash from the drug dealing Warner. Warner was transported to Lake West for treatment of his injuries and upon release was arrested for felony possession of heroin and crack. Dawson was later arrested on felony charges from another agency. Dawson is being held in Lake County jail and will be arraigned on felony charges of felonious assault, aggravated robbery and destroying evidence. The identity of the third male involved in the robbery is not being released at this time., By Tracey Read
TRead@News-Herald.com
The Ohio Parole Board will hold a hearing in June that could result in the early release of Scott Grant, one of two men convicted in the death and dismemberment of Mentor-on-the-Lake teenager Michelle Hayes.

The victim’s family members are once again fighting to stop 45-year-old Scott Grant from leaving the Lake Erie Correctional Institution in Conneaut before his maximum sentence ends on Aug. 20, 2025.

The 17-year-old’s body was found in a shallow grave in a blackberry patch in Mentor on Aug. 3, 1985. She was naked and her legs had been sawed off so her body would fit into a wheelbarrow.

Grant, then 18, told officials he killed her with an accidental martial arts punch to the throat because she resisted his sexual advances.

His co-defendant, then-16-year-old Stephen Cohen, was released from prison in 2010 after serving his full 25-year sentence.

Dawn Hayes, the victim's sister, along with Michelle’s aunts Kim, Joyce, Judy and Bonnie, have asked the public to sign an online petition so Grant remains in prison for 12 more years.

Grant was sentenced to an indefinite term of 11 to 40 years for the involuntary manslaughter and an unrelated case in which he was convicted of two counts of aggravated burglary and two counts of grand theft. 

Dawn said nearly 4,000 people already had signed the petition as of Monday. She is getting the word out through social media and going door-to-door passing out hundreds of fliers she’s had printed up about the case.

Dawn said she believes the family’s past efforts have helped convince the parole board to keep Grant and Cohen in prison. The victim’s family also would like people to email the parole board their concerns.

“I know it plays a huge role,” she said. “Random strangers are opposed to him being released. People want to help. All over the United States — Utah, Las Vegas, Florida, New York — people are signing.”

Michelle had attended Mentor High School with Grant and Cohen. Michelle was at Cohen’s home in July 1985 to see Grant, who was living with the Cohen family at the time.

Michelle was missing for two weeks before her body began to decompose and the neighbors reported a smell. Cohen’s younger brother told police Stephen said a girl was buried in the back of their home.

“She was a kid. She deserved a life. She was sweet,” said the victim’s only sister. “She has a niece and nephew who were robbed of getting to know her.”

Cohen had his murder conviction overturned by the Ohio 11th District Court of Appeals in 1988 and then pleaded guilty to involuntary manslaughter. Cohen said he helped cut off the victim’s legs and bury her.

A jury convicted Grant of involuntary manslaughter and kidnapping.

Lake County Prosecutor Charles Coulson plans to go with Dawn Hayes to meet with the parole board.

“We’re very much opposed to him getting out early,” Coulson said of Grant. “I wrote a letter to the parole authority asking he serve the maximum term due to the seriousness and heinousness of the crimes.”

Dawn vowed not to let her sister die in vain.

“As long as I have breath, I will fight every parole hearing,” she said. “I will never let people forget her name.”

The family’s petition can be found at http://www.petitiononline.com/Joyce1/petition.html.

People also can write letters to the Ohio Parole Board at the Department of Rehabilitation and Corrections, 770 W. Broad St., Columbus, OH 43222, or email the board at DRC.Victims.services@odrc.state.ohio.us.

All letters and emails must include Grant’s name and his inmate number, A197111., 04/08/13 2032hrs report of a private property hit-skip accident at Surfside Towers. Located on scene was an area of fencing (approximately 20' long) that had been knocked down. Witnesses advised a car had pulled into the spot; and instead of stopping, had accelerated into the fence and backyard of the neighboring property.  The car had gotten stuck in the yard for a minute, and then had pulled out of the spot and pulled around the building towards the other side.  The vehicle was located with fresh damage and fresh pieces of wood still clinging to the bumper. The 82 year old female driver initially denied any knowledge of the crash or damage to her vehicle stating she wasn’t driving but wouldn’t tell us who was. When confronted with known facts she admitted to crashing her car. She was cited for failure to control., 04/08/13 1934hrs the Fire Dept was called for the classic “cat stuck in a tree” at Taft Elementary. The cat was at least 20 feet up and it was determined there were plenty of low hanging branches for the cat to descend on its own from its resting place. It was explained to the children to leave the animal alone and it would come down on its own., 04/07/13 0222hrs Officer running stationary radar on Vine St just east of SR 91 observed two vehicles pass. One vehicle began to drift into the center lane causing the other vehicle to hit its brakes and swerve to the left. The vehicle was stopped for the traffic violation. Inside the car was an open 12 pack of beer although the driver stated he had nothing to drink and then admitted to drinking two beers. Upon failing field sobriety testing the 24 year old male resident was taken into custody for suspicion of OVI. He was processed and held for sobriety and bond. Score .178, null, 04/06/13 2154hrs officers responded to the area of S Lakeshore Blvd in the Surfside area for a report of a large group of juveniles that were detonating some type of explosive device. Prior to this date there were other reports of vandalism and juveniles exploding bottle bombs in the area. A total of 14 juveniles ages ranging from 13 years old to 16 years old, all residents except for one, were located and transported back to EPD for booking and processing on misdemeanor charges of criminal damaging. They were released to their parents once processing was completed. They will be referred to the juvenile diversion program, EPD has had no prior dealings with any of the juveniles., 04/06/13 2017hrs officer conducting enforcement of the traffic signal at Vine St) and E 343s observed a truck violate the red light on Eastbound Vine St at that intersection. The truck then stopped well into the intersection blocking the north and southbound lanes of E 343St. The officer pulled out and drove to the intersection with emergency equipment activated and truck did not move forward out of the intersection. The driver was motioned move forward and he eventually did so, but would not yield to emergency lights. The driver finally pulled over near E 346St. The driver advised he did not see the light. He was asked to submit to sobriety field testing and after failing the tests was taken into custody for OVI. During vehicle inventory prior to tow, a small bag of suspected cocaine was located which the 53 year old Willoughby resident readily admitted was his. He was processed and charged with the traffic violation and OVI, felony charges for possession of cocaine are pending crime lab results. He refused a breath test, no score., 04/06/13 0355hrs EPD responded to a two car injury accident on SR 91 by the W/B exit ramp from SR 2. A vehicle traveling on N/B 91 had the green light when the other vehicle exited from SR 2 striking the N/B vehicle. The victim vehicle was left inoperable, the at fault driver, a 36 year old resident was arrested for OVI and the traffic light violation after failing field sobriety testing. His sober passenger drove the vehicle from the scene. The male was brought to EPD, processed and held on court set bond., 04/06/13 0111hrs a resident of Willo-Vu apartments reported an occupied vehicle that has been sitting in the parking lot. Approaching the vehicle the occupants attempted to hide from officers by ducking down in the vehicle. An 18 year old male from Euclid was cited for possession of marijuana, a 17 year old female passenger (resident) was cited for possession of marijuana, marijuana paraphernalia and curfew. Another passenger a 16 year old from Cleveland was charged with a felony count of possession of a controlled substance, possession of tobacco and curfew. The adult was released on scene; the two juveniles were released to their parent/guardian., 04/06/13 The vehicle involved in the hit-skip accident that occurred on 04/03/13 at Lakeland and E 337St was located by a friend of the victim at a car repair shop on E 359St. The driver, a resident of Wickliffe, was interviewed and eventually admitted fault for the accident. A warrant for hit-skip will be obtained for his arrest., 04/04/13 2036hrs – just because we haven’t posted one in awhile; an 18 year old male resident was arrested at Walmart for shoplifting $51.84 worth of merchandise. He began with taking beef jerky for a snack then proceeded to the toy department where he concealed Yogi-oh cards that were stolen next. He was detained by Loss Prevention and later arrested by EPD and held for court set bond., 04/04/13 0337hrs assault complaint at Manor Park Apts. Two females 21 and 22 years old from Cleveland stated they were out with a 23 year old male resident/acquaintance for the evening. They returned to Eastlake at approximately 0310hrs and were sitting in their vehicle at the apartments discussing where next to go. The male wanted the females to drive him to get “weed.” According to the women when they refused the male punched the 21 year old in the face and began choking her. There was visible injury to the right side of her face and swelling near her eye. The male was taken into custody, charged with a misdemeanor charge of assault and held on court set bond., 04/03/13 1714hrs hit skip accident occurred at Lakeland Blvd near E 337ST. The victim stated he was traveling W/B on Lakeland approaching the intersection of E 337ST when a gold older Buick, possibly a Lesabre, turned left in front of him to go N/B on E 337ST even though the victim had the green traffic signal causing the two vehicle to collide. The unknown driver put his hand up and said sorry through the windshield, backed up and sped away. The victim attempted to follow the suspect vehicle but due to the suspect’s erratic driving he was unable to safely do so. Suspect driver is described as a W/M 40-50 years old. Damage will be to the drivers side front corner/bumper area, fender and hood. Possible beginning letters on the license plate “FQW”. Anyone witnessing the accident or that can provide any information call 440-951-1400, Ptl Tryon., 04/03/13 1649hrs EPD responded along with EFD for the report of a shooting at Sherwin Shooting on Vine. On arrival officers spoke with the 61 year old male victim as EFD tended to his injury. It was determined the male was in a firing stall alone. He was adjusting the sights to a Glock 9mm with the weapon pointed down range when he accidently pulled the trigger and shot his middle finger. The male was transported to Hillcrest Hospital no future investigation – accidental., 04/03/13 1611hrs EPD responded with EFD to E 348St for an unresponsive 51 year old male that had fallen on the kitchen floor. The male was transported to Lake West after Narcan was administered. Located on scene were several hypodermic needles (used), one still containing a liquid, burnt spoons and cotton wadding. Charges are pending upon results from the Crime Lab., null, null, K9 Kubo - Richmond Hts PD final ceremony keeping the family and department in our thoughts., 03/31/13 1156hrs EPD responded to Windsor Lodge Apartments for a criminal damage and domestic report. The 32 year old female complainant stated her estranged husband arrived at her apartment and became upset because she had company. An argument ensued which resulted in the victim being struck in the torso area by an Easter basket the male was attempting to deliver, which she in turn threw back at him. The caller further advised when the male left the area, her vehicle sustained fresh damage that was not present prior to his visit. Due to the 35 year old male being uncooperative and unwilling to make a statement on his behalf, report will be sent to the prosecutor’s office for review of charges., 03/30/13 1717hrs the report of a hit-skip accident on Glen Dr results in the arrest of a 23 year old resident. A family member of the victim vehicle observed the male pull out of a drive on Glen, back into the parked vehicle then flee the area. While checking the area and responding to the scene, the male driver came to EPD and wanted to report an assault he said that occurred on Glen Dr. According to the male he had gotten into an altercation with another male on Glen and hastily left the area but claiming to not have struck the car. Damage to both vehicles indicated differently. The vehicle was towed due to being of evidentiary value. During an inventory of the vehicle several articles of paraphernalia were located including a loaded syringe. The male was arrested on the drug abuse instrument charges as well as the hit-skip. Other charges are pending results from the crime lab. He was held on court set bond of $3500/10%., 03/29/13 two for two – 33 year old Michael Farinacci turned himself into EPD on three felony theft charges. Mr. Farinacci is accused of renting three bobcats excavators from Handy Rents and failing to return them. Through the course of the investigation it was discovered two of the bobcats had been sold to a third party in Wickliffe. The third bobcat’s location is still unknown., 03/29/13 19 year old Nicholas Davis of Mentor turned himself into EPD on a felony warrant for his part in a burglary that occurred 02/24/13 on Alva Dr. Missing from the home was approximately $700 in cash and coins. He was held on court set bond of $5000 cash/surety which was posted on his behalf a short time later., 03/28/13 2015hrs if you are going to give false information on a traffic stop you should probably be sure of the correct date of birth of your alias while doing so. Not the case for a 19 year old male from Mentor was stopped for traveling 79MPH on the freeway. As the officer was pulling up on the vehicle to initiate a traffic stop on SR 2, the driver abruptly swerved to the right three complete lanes of travel and exited at Vine St. Once the vehicle was finally stopped it was determined the driver, who initially gave false information also did not have a license. He was arrested on the traffic violations, processed and held on court set bond of $414., null, Monday's Domestic Violence Support Group
will be cancelled Monday April 1, 2013
If you have any questions please contact
Eastlake PD's Victim Advocates at #440-975-4252, null, 03/27/13 A 29 year old female from Willoughby Hills was arrested on two outstanding probable cause warrants for a theft that occurred in November of last year. During the storm that blew through last fall a resident and acquaintance of the accused opened her home to the 29 year old for a couple of days due to power not being restored where she resided.  On the day in question the 29 year old left prior to the homeowner waking in the morning. Discovered missing from the home was a Nintendo DS and several pieces of jewelry., 03/26/13 0957hrs EPD units responded to the area of Dover and Lakeside apartments for a report of a person shooting out of a window at Lakeside apts. The caller advised the shooter was at Lakeside apts and his windows at Dover were shot multiple times. As the officer began to walk behind the wood fence approaching the caller’s apartment he heard a shot fired from what sounded like a bb gun and the sound of a bb or pellet hit and bounce off a window.  At east side of a building at Lakeside apts a small window was open on the upper level. Officers made entry into the building. EPD made several loud knocks on door and announcements before a female answered. Officers entered the apartment and located two males in a bedroom along with alcohol. Interviews with the three resulted in the arrest of a 22 year old male from Willowick for misdemeanor charges of using a weapon while intoxicated and criminal damage. He was held on court set bond and until sober., Sirna Travalik wrote: Found Dog on Quentin Rd in Eastlake last night. Very sweet non neutered male Pug Mix. Red Collar with no tags. He is currently safe with me and will stay with me until the owners are found! Please share and lets find this sweet boys family!, Julie Kastl wrote: Please share: Jessi found this dog today at Willowick Dr. and Vine St. He is a boy and had a chain type choker collar. She took him to the Humane Society this afternoon, and they said they will transfer him to the Lake County Dog Shelter tomorrow., 03/25/13 0926hrs an epic marijuana fail – EPD received a call from the elementary school reference marijuana found in a child’s book bag. An interview with the child’s father revealed the 35 year old was going to give a relative a ride home the previous night. Realizing he had a bag of marijuana on his person and not wanting to transport it with him, he placed it in a backpack that was hanging on a hook in his house. Returning home he neglected to retrieve his stash. This morning the stash went on a field trip to school where the odor caught the attention of a teacher. The male was arrested charged with child endangering and possession of marijuana. After processing was complete he was released on a $3500 unsecured appearance bond., 03/24/13 2232hrs on routine patrol a vehicle was observed traveling westbound on Vine St in a weaving fashion. The car traveled left of center and remained left of center for approximately a block and a half. A traffic stop was initiated and the driver identified.  The driver was asked how much he had to drink and he stated, "way too much, I shouldn't be driving".  After failing the first field sobriety test by staggering and stumbling the driver did not wish to submit to any more testing. The 29 year old male resident was arrested and held on a cash bond. Score .204, 03/23/13 2353hrs report of a vehicle in the front yard of a home approximately 10ft from the home on Wicklow. The homeowner advised the female driver then abandoned her car. The 24 year old female from Mentor was located walking – she advised she was backing out of a drive and thought the driveways lined up but ended up in the ditch. Assistance provided., 03/23/13 1721hrs one car injury accident occurred on SR 2 – a vehicle was traveling eastbound near SR 91 and attempted to change lanes almost striking a vehicle. The vehicle over corrected when turning back into its lane causing the him to lose control and strike the median concrete barrier head on.  The vehicle flipped on it’s side and caught fire. A passing motorist/witness  helped the 21 year old Mentor male from the vehicle while his passenger called 9-1-1. The male was transported to Lake West for treatment of his injuries., 03/21/13 1734hrs a 22 year old male resident needs to find a new hobby, he doesn’t seem to be doing well with his current one. The male was arrested once again at Walmart for shoplifting. During this incident he is accused of attempting to steal $179.88 worth of X-Box video games, on 02/25/13 it was $299.80 worth of video games and he has a court date still pending from a theft of video games totaling $779.48. He was held until court set bond was posted on his behalf., 03/21/13 Today a North High school student was arrested for a charge of inducing panic; after allegedly writing a note claiming that a bomb was set to go off today at the high school.

This same student claimed to have found the note in a bathroom, at which time North High school authorities immediately contacted Eastlake Police and followed policy, which in conjunction with the police department’s quick assessment of the incident assisted in determining that the threat did not appear to have credible basis. Eastlake police and fire personnel conducted a safety sweep of the school, which was not evacuated due to this credibility issue.  

Shortly afterwards the student admitted to police that the claim was false. Charges will be pending in Lake County Juvenile Court and North High authorities were advised of the outcome. A possibility of expulsion from the school may still be initiated against the student by school authorities., 03/20/13 1937hrs burglary report taken in the 1100 block of E 354St. Jewelry and other household items were removed from the home. Investigaton continuing...., 03/19/13 2207hrs officers responded to the area of Circle K on Lakeshore for a complaint of an impaired motorist.  According to witnesses at Circle K the male approached a female and asked her what city and street he was on and how to get to the freeway. They stated he had a difficult time placing the gas nozzle into his car in order to pump gas and an even harder time keeping his balance.  The vehicle was stopped W/B Lakeshore Blvd near Edison after it was observed traveling left of center. The male was asked for identification and asked how much he had to drink. He replied one drink. He was asked if it was one drink, or one too many drinks to which he replied one too many. After failing field sobriety tests the 58 year old male from Euclid was arrested and charged with OVI. Score .296., 03/19/13 1625hrs theft complaint at China Buffet – a female reported she left her wallet on the counter and when she returned to get the wallet $700 was missing. The entire surveillance video at the restaurant, from the time she left until she returned, was reviewed and revealed the wallet was never touched. She now claims the video was tampered with or altered., 03/18/13 Detectives responded to Belmont Prison and arrested 33 year old Robert Miller, a Painesville resident who had just finished his prison sentence, on a felony count of menacing by stalking stemming from an investigation from June 2012. Mr Miller is also facing misdemeanor charges of harassing communications and finally he still faces charges in a neighboring community on a warrant issued through their department., 03/18/13 Mathew Debendictus, a 26 year old resident, was arrested from his home on two felony counts of burglary. Mr Debendictus is accused of committing a burglary reported on 02/20/13 in the 1300 block of E 349St removing Kindal fire and prescription medications. On 02/24/13 he is accused of committing another burglary in 32000 block of Alva removing approximately $800 in cash and coins from the home. He is being held on $5,000 cash or surety on each count., Victim Assistant Christine Gibaldi received the 2012 Civilian of the year award. Christine has been with the department since 2010 and has made a direct impact on the public she assists. Christine escorts victims of crime to court during proceedings, assists in helping our elderly citizens insuring they receive proper help in areas of their particular needs as they arise along with other duties. Christine is in charge of the planning and distribution of gifts through the community Christmas which has impacted countless individuals due this program. Congratulations., Sgt Gutka was recently recognized at the Eastlake City Council meeting for 2012 Officer of the year. Sgt Gutka has served with the department since 1996. He is a main stay in the SIU unit, the Field Training Officer program and has been a sniper on the SWAT team for many years. He implemented and operated both the cadets and civilian academies. Sgt Gutka’s recent development of the North High School CSI project had been well received.  He is known for his immense compassion for the job and his empathy toward the victims. Congratulations., Ptl. Tryon was recently recognized at the Eastlake City Council meeting for a Lifesaving award he received. Ptl Tryon without regard for his own safety rendered lifesaving aid to a victim of a car accident. A electrically charged traffic pole had fallen on the victims vehicle and Ptl. Tryon removed it, which then allowed him entry into the vehicle where he was able to reposition the victim who was not breathing and open his airway., Police, Ohio State Highway Patrol warning drivers preparing for St. Patrick's Day festivities
Friday, March 15, 2013

By John Arthur Hutchison
Safety officials are urging people who want to go out Sunday to celebrate St. Patrick’s Day to designate a sober driver before the party begins.

In 2012, impaired drivers were responsible for five of six people who were killed in the state during the holiday’s 24-hour reporting period, according to the Ohio State Highway Patrol. During that same time period, the Patrol made 215 OVI arrests.

“We want people to enjoy the celebration, but we encourage them to do so responsibly,” said Patrol Superintendent Col. John Born. “Don’t press your luck — designate a sober driver.”

The Patrol is working with local law enforcement and safety advocates around the state to increase enforcement on Ohio’s roads and remind people to plan ahead to designate a sober driver.

More than 78 local law enforcement agencies around the state will be conducting more than 2,100 hours of enforcement activity and 1,900 hours of saturation patrols in addition to 15 sobriety checkpoints, funded by federal grants provided through the Patrol’s Ohio Traffic Safety Office.

For bars and permit holders, over-serving or serving underage customers could also mean costly fines, suspension or revocation of their liquor permit, authorities said.

Motorists are encouraged to call #677 to report drug activity or impaired drivers.

To help promote the use of a designated driver during the holiday weekend, the Lake County Safe Communities Coalition produced 15,000 St. Patrick’s Day-themed napkins with the message “Don’t Push Your Luck, Designate a Sober Driver” that were distributed by police departments to local bars and restaurants. Eight Lake County communities will participate in the promotion.

“By visiting establishments in our community with an offering of themed napkins provided by the Lake County Safe Communities Coalition, we show that we can work hand in hand with business proprietors in pointing out safety issues to patrons as they travel the roads on St. Patrick’s Day,” said Mentor-on-the-Lake Police Chief John Gielink.

The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration reports more than 700 people were killed nationwide in crashes involving a drunk driver during the St. Patrick’s Day holiday from 2006 to 2010.

According to NHTSA, on average, a person is killed in a drunk-driving crash in the United States every 51 minutes and the majority of these crashes involve drunk drivers who had nearly twice the legal limit blood-alcohol concentration in their system.

“Whether you are gathering with friends at the local pub or attending the St. Patrick’s Day Parade, if alcohol is part of the festivities, make sure you designate a sober driver to get you home safely, or contact your local sober ride program for a safe ride home,” Geauga County Sheriff Daniel McClelland said., 03/14/13 2215hrs a male pedestrian was stopped on SR 91 for walking S/B on the N/B side on the highway in the roadway. Identification was requested from the male after he was given a warning and advised to walk on the designated walk/bike path on the opposite side of the road. The male provided verbal information claiming he did not have any identification on him. A check showed the 27 year old male from Fairfield had a felony warrant for his arrest, he was arrested and placed into the cruiser. Due to some discrepancies, a BMV photo was generated that clearly showed the male was not who he claimed to be. Once back at the station, the male still having his identity crisis, finally admitted to his actual identity which was confirmed - a 23 year old from Cleveland. He was cited for walking on a highway, providing false information, he also had a misdemeanor warrant with a neighboring agency and was held on $3500 cash., 03/14/13 Two students from Longfellow Elementary School’s Zenith program were rewarded with an afternoon lunch accompanied by Officer Clayton. Keep up the good work!, 03/12/13 25 Ronnie Stewart of Parma was arrested on felony charges of uttering a forged check and theft. Stewart was released from his employment in Eastlake and issued a check for time worked in the amount of $78.19 in January of this year. Stewart is accused of altering the check to $1304.23 and cashing it. He is being held on court set bond., 03/12/13 1739hrs (5:39pm) a three car hit-skip accident occurred on Lakeshore near Erie Rd.  Vehicles were at a complete stop in traffic E/B Lakeshore when the first vehicle was struck from behind by a black SUV. The force of the impact caused that vehicle to strike the vehicle in front of it causing that vehicle into the one ahead of it. The black SUV then drove around the accident continuing E/B on Lakeshore. Anyone with any information is asked to call the station 440-951-1400., 03/12/13 1954hrs EPD responded to the area of Vine and E 345St on the report of a highly intoxicated male walking, well falling, in that area. According the caller the male fell into the roadway, stood up, fell again then began walking on E 345St where he was located lying in a ditch. The 37 year old male resident was arrested for disorderly intoxication due to his inability to care for himself., null, 03/10/13 2058hrs officers were dispatched to Sussex Apts for an assault that had just occurred. The 31 year old male complainant had advised that his 22 year old girlfriend had just punched him in the eye and that he wanted to pursue charges against her for assault. The complainant advised he was involved in a verbal argument with his girlfriend. The female became aggressive and punched him in the eye twice. Redness and bruising were visible around the eye area. The female was taken into custody, charged with assault and held for court set bond., 03/10/13 0128hrs EPD responded to Admiral Dr for an underage party complaint.  Upon arrival officers were met in the drive by a 19 year old male who identified himself as the resident.  There were numerous empty beer cans and bottles in the backyard and on the rear deck, 10 -15 people were observed fleeing the house.  People in the house locked officers and the resident out.  When they let finally opened the door several additional people fled through the front door. Twenty-two people were detained in the house, only one was 21 years old.  Officers photographed 100's of empty beer cans, bottles, cups and numerous liquor bottles.  All of the participants arranged for rides home.  The 19 year old resident was arrested for keg law. He was released on an unsecured appearance bond and transported back to his residence., 03/08/13 2349hrs officers were dispatched to the 36000 block of Hillcrest for a domestic disturbance involving an intoxicated male. On arrival the female homeowner exited the residence and advised the officer her husband had a weapon and had stated “he was not going without a fight”.  At the rear of the residence the male was holding a long black object in his hand.  He refused to comply with orders to drop the weapon opting to instead to attempt to hide the object behind his back. He then violently charged the officer raising the object above his head in a motion to strike and extending his other arm to grab the officer around the neck. The 41 year old male was subsequently lasered into compliance and taken into custody. He was charged with felony assault on an officer, misdemeanor charges of resisting arrest and possession of drug paraphernalia. He was held without bond until his court appearance., 03/07/13 1839hrs on the lighter side - personnel from the fire department responded to the 37000 block of Lakeshore for a general assistance call. A curious cat found itself in a predicament exploring heating ducts in the home. EFD extricated the cat from the furnace area for the homeowner., 03/07/13 1137hrs burglary report taken on Lakehurst that occurred in the early morning hours while the residents were sleeping in the home. Person(s) unknown entered a rear window taking items from two purses and a laptop computer from the kitchen area. Under investigation., 03/05/13 1811hrs EPD along with EFD units responded to a residence in the Surfside area for a suspected drug overdose. This is the second overdose in as many days, the first being on 03/04 in a parking lot on Curtis Blvd. In both cases paramedics were able to revive the young females who were then transported to the ER for treatment. Charges are pending toxicology and laboratory testing results., 03/06/13 1015hrs EPD units responded to the area of Willowick Dr and Stevens for an assault victim. The male caller advised his girlfriend was jumped by an unknown male while waiting for a bus. EMS also responded to render aid to the victim. On EPD arrival it was eventually learned the caller, a 19 year old (homeless by his account) male had assaulted his 19 year old girlfriend at a residence on Rokeby. The female had obvious injuries to several areas on her body including a bruised face and bloody nose. She was transported to the ER for treatment. The male was taken into custody and charged with assault. This male was also convicted of an assault on the victim’s 22 year old sister, who suffered a concussion, on 12/22/12., Ohio executes Eastlake killer Treesh
newsnet5.com
Ohio has executed an Eastlake man who fatally shot an adult bookstore security guard at the end of a multistate crime spree nearly 20 years ago.

Frederick Treesh received a single powerful dose of pentobarbital and was pronounced dead at 10:37 by Donald Morgan, warden of the Southern Ohio Correctional Facility in Lucasville.

Treesh was sentenced to die for killing Henry Dupree in Eastlake east of Cleveland on Aug. 27, 1994.

Treesh, in a last statement, apologized for the death of Dupree, but said he wouldn't say he was sorry to family members of a video store clerk killed in Michigan who were witnessing the execution.

"I've never been tried, I've never been charged," he said.

After a few more comments he said, "If you want me murdered, just say it."

Treesh was the 50th inmate put to death by the state since it resumed executions in 1999.

Gov. John Kasich denied Treesh clemency last week, following the recommendation of the state parole board, which ruled unanimously last month that the evidence showed Dupree was seated when shot and hadn't shown any sign of being a threat to Treesh. The board also said Treesh's decision to shoot a clerk in the face as he left the store suggests Treesh's "murderous intent" when coming to the store.

Treesh and his co-defendant "gratuitously brutalized, humiliated and killed innocent people, most of whom, like Dupree, posed no real or perceived threat to them," the board said.

Prosecutors say Treesh, 48, and the co-defendant robbed banks and businesses, committed sexual assaults, stole cars, committed carjackings and shot someone to death in a Michigan robbery during a spree that also took them to Indiana, Iowa, Minnesota and Wisconsin.

Treesh's attorneys described him as a cocaine addict who was high during the robbery and is deeply sorry for what happened.

"Hindsight, regret and remorse cannot turn back the clock and cannot return Mr. Dupree's life," they said in a petition for clemency. "What Fred can do and has tried to do is to help prevent others from making the same mistakes he did" by teaching them to avoid drugs.

His lawyers also alleged Treesh's rights were violated during a prolonged interrogation as he was coming down from a drug high, which contributed to his death sentence. They also say Treesh suffers from health problems, including a seizure disorder, that raise concerns Ohio's lethal injection process would cause him suffering amounting to cruel and unusual punishment.

Prosecutors contend Treesh intentionally murdered Dupree and tried to kill others, including police officers in pursuit.

"Treesh has never taken responsibility for his actions," Lake County prosecutor Charles Coulson wrote. "Treesh still claims `the cocaine made him do it."'

Coulson also noted that courts previously determined Treesh's constitutional rights weren't violated.

Treesh declined to be interviewed by the parole board.

The parole board cited Treesh's refusal to be interviewed as evidence he has not grown or improved as a person in prison.

Treesh's prison behavior is indicative of "a self-indulgent, petulant and immature individual," the board said.

He was never prosecuted for the crimes in the other states, according to the Ohio Attorney General's office.

Ohio's most recent execution was in November, when the state put to death Brett Hartman for the 1997 stabbing and dismemberment of an Akron woman., 03/05/13 1831hrs EPD arrested a 24 year old female resident from a business on Curtis Blvd on a felony probable cause warrant from December of 2012. The female is accused of stealing a laptop computer from a residence on Luanna Dr. While in booking, an inventory of the female’s purse revealed ecstasy tablets (2) and several (18) used and (7) unused syringes among her property. One package of syringes had a receipt showing the purchase date was 03/05 time stamped at 1626hrs with only 7 of the 10 syringes remaining. She was additionally charged with felony possession of drugs, a misdemeanor charge for possessing the drug equipment and held without bond until her court appearance., There will be a tornado drill at North High at 0950 today.  If you see kids outside of the school do not be alarmed., 03/01/13 1446hrs Officers  responded to the 35000 block of Stevens for a report of a vehicle that had driven through the complainant's lawn, had come to rest in her drive and the driver was asleep in the driver’s seat. On arrival there were tire tracks through the yard and tree lawn that ended where the vehicle was parked.  Officers pounded loudly on the driver’s side window and yelled to get the driver’s attention several times. After several attempts the driver began to wake up. The male started to step from the vehicle, but slumped against the side of the car and had to hold on to the vehicle to keep from falling down. Throughout questioning, the driver exhibited extremely poor balance, so much so officers had to prevent him from falling several times. The 40 year old male resident was taken into custody for suspicion of OVI. He was cited for OVI, driving over street lawns/curbs and held for court set bond. Score - .170, 02/28/13 2246hrs EPD responded to the 400 block of Waverly for a report of an unknown person that just entered the home and quickly left north on Waverly towards Lakeshore in a dark colored two door ford explorer. The homeowner stated he just turned off the lights and was getting into bed when he heard the door open from the laundry room into the kitchen causing his dog to bark and run toward the door. Whoever it was closed the door and left through the garage.  He stated he never saw who was in the house but it appeared they entered through the man door of the attached garage and then through another man door that leads into the laundry room. There was fresh wet/muddy tire tracks in the driveway that appeared to back out of the driveway and travel north. It appeared the door handle had several areas that appeared to be dented or pried on.  Other EPD units along with Willowick PD checked the surrounded streets for the suspect vehicle with negative results., This may answer some of your questions on House Bill 99: The Bill prohibits an individual from using a handheld electronic wireless communication device to manually read, write, or send a written message while operating a motor vehicle, except in any of the following circumstances (Sec. 1): 
The individual is operating the handheld device using a hands free device; 
The individual is using a handheld device to contact emergency personnel;  
The individual is entering or selecting a telephone for the purpose of making or receiving a telephone call; 
The individual is receiving information for the purpose of navigation, safety or emergencies; 
The individual is receiving wireless messages via radio waves; 
The individual is the operator of a commercial truck who is using a mobile data terminal; 
The individual is the operator of an emergency vehicle who is using the equipment necessary for the performance of his job-related duties; or 
The individual is inside a motor vehicle that is not in motion and is outside the lane of travel. 

You can research the law on the internet under Ohio House Bill 99, null, Today, 03/01/13, the statewide ban on texting and driving (House Bill 99) goes into effect in Ohio. Under the law no driver is permitted to text and drive. For drivers under age 18 the use of portable electronic devices while driving...... is banned. These means drivers under age 18 cannot text, email, play video games, use a GPS device NOR talk on the phone while driving (even if you are stopped in traffic or at a traffic light)

For drivers under age 18 it is a primary offense, which means you can be stopped for any of the reasons listed above. The 1st violation is a $150 fine, and driver’s license suspended for 60 days. The 2nd offense is a $300 fine, and driver’s license suspended for a year. It's a Primary Offense which means law enforcement can stop you for any of the above reasons. 

For drivers over 18 it is a secondary enforcement offense, meaning police need another reason to stop and cite violators, such as weaving or speeding. For drivers over 18 it is Illegal to use a handheld electronic wireless communications device to write, send or read a text while driving in Ohio. The offense is a minor misdemeanor, and you could face a fine of up to $150., 02/26/13 imagine going to your bank only to find your account has been seized. A senior couple, relying on social security for living expenses, reported the state of California had seized their bank account due to a fraudulent tax return in 1999. The couple had never made a tax return for the state of California or ever lived in the state - they were victims of a theft of identity.  EPD made contact with the franchise tax board and spoke with representative who stated that a report was needed to remove the hold of funds. The couple were advised of the necessary forms that need to be faxed to the taxation department and were able to get the funds released., null, Shared for Frank Fiorta:

Is it possible for you guys to share this post on your page? It would help us out!!

I have a favor to ask the people of Facebook. We are walking in May with M.A.D.D. to raise money and awareness for drunk driving. Last year, my beautiful wife Megan Frauce lost her Aunt Kelly to an accident caused by a drunk driver. We are walking in her memory. I would appreciate if anyone who has the means to do so to donate whatever it is you can. If if it is only $5, every bit helps. The link I have attached to this post takes you to my personal page. Click on the "Donate to Frank!" tab to donate. 

If you can't donate, even sharing this post to your timeline so your friends and family can see it and possibly donate would mean a lot as well. Thank you!

http://support.madd.org/site/TR?px=3683325&pg=personal&fr_id=3145&et=kiWYA8oRWCsUeg-4AIGKug
Detroit, MI: Frank K Fiorta - WALK Like MADD®, MADD's signature walk event 
support.madd.org
Walk Like MADD 2013 National Blueprint, 02/23/13 2238hrs officers checking an audible alarm at a business on Vine St checked on two vehicles in the rear parking lot of the business. The locked vehicles were checked for occupants, none were found but in the driver’s door handle a baggie of suspected crack cocaine was observed. After nearly an hour the owner of the vehicle, a 35 year old male from Euclid, returned to his vehicle. When asked, he advised he didn’t think there was any illegal substances in his car. He was taken into custody on felony charges of possession of crack cocaine and held without bond., 02/23/13 1644hrs officers responded to the Tobacco Store on Vine for the report of an intoxicated male in the store. The complainant believed that the male was hallucinating as he was talking to the bags of tobacco and swearing. On arrival the male was standing at the end of an isle propping himself against the shelf. It appeared the male was trying to have a conversation with a bottle of vodka and with a customer who was standing in line. He was slurring his words, his thoughts were confused and random and the conversation that he tried to convey between the bottle of vodka and the customer made no sense and was unintelligible. He was escorted outside and had an inability to walk without falling over at times. He was taken into custody for disorderly conduct / intoxication. Due to his high level of intoxication the 51 year old resident was placed into a cell pending  sobriety. Once he was placed into a cell he elected to talk to the urinal in the cell expressing his feelings of love that he had for the urinal., 02/23/13 0106hrs officer was checking on what he thought was a disabled vehicle Willowick Dr at Lakeshore. Approaching the vehicle, which was stopped in the middle of the lane with it’s hazards on and drivers window open, a 29 year old male from Euclid was found to be slumped over behind the wheel. Officers woke up and asked if he knew where he was, he admitted to being a little lost. The male was given field sobriety testing which he performed poorly. He was taken into custody on suspicion of OVI and held for bond and sobriety. He refused a breath test., 02/22/13 1917hrs officer was on Vine St at E 343St waiting for the red light when a minivan exiting the Vineyards sat through the green light then accelerate rapidly to try to make it through after it had already turned red. The driver, a 24 year old resident and passenger, a 26 year old from Mentor, were identified. The passenger was arrested on a felony warrant from Wickliffe PD for drug possession, issued a citation for marijuana found on his person and turned over to Wickliffe. The driver was cited for the traffic light and possession of marijuana that was located in plain view in a basket between the two front seats. Unused syringes located in the vehicle were disposed of due to the admittance from the two they were to be used to shoot heroin., 02/22/13 1611hrs EPD responded to Morris Ave on a report of a vehicle that struck a house. On arrival a vehicle was up against a brick wall that separated the two garage doors. A 15 year old female was being taught how to drive by a parent. The two pulled into the drive to turn around when the juvenile accidentally hit the accelerator  instead of the brake and struck the house.  Both airbags were deployed but neither claimed injuries. The homeowner returned home and was advised of insurance information, the juvenile also apologized to them., Shared for George Gresko:
My brother Jason Gresko is up for the police officer of the year award. If you or anyone doesn't know him he worked as a full time Willoughby and a part time Cleveland clinic police officer. His life was taken from him on September 21, 2012 when a drunk driver struck his police cruiser while on duty. Being a police officer was his passion. Jason's three favorite days was becoming a police officer, marrying his wife Sandra and when his beautiful baby girl Olivia was born. Jason would be so honored to receive such an award. Please go vote on officer.com it would really mean a lot !!!
Officer.com 
www.officer.com
Law Enforcement's leading source for News, Training, Jobs and Online Forums for local, county, state and federal law enforcement police and officers., 02/22/2013 In November of 2012 EPD arrested a 20 year old male from Ravenna on a misdemeanor petty theft charge.  He was processed through EPD booking process, Willoughby Muni court proceedings, as well as the Lake County jail booking process. Fingerprints submitted to Ohio BCI revealed the male gave his brother’s information. Numerous documents were signed in this process and further, he appeared before the court swearing and affirming that he was the brother, even serving a sentence for the theft using that false identity. Yesterday the 20 year old was arrested on probable cause warrants for felony perjury and four felony counts of forgery along with a misdemeanor of falsification. He was held on $10,000 cash/surety bond., 02/22/13 accidents have already started due to the icy conditions, take extra caution and slow down., Thanks to all of our FB friends for your help in identifying the male from our posted picture.  He has been identified, interviewed and a confession was obtained.  Your attention with this matter has made our job much easier and we appreciate your help.  Job well done.  

Chief Larry Reik, 02/20/13 US Marshall Violent Fugitive Task Force, which includes two of our officers, had a busy week. They made two murder arrests, one went straight to prison to serve his sentence and they assisted Ashtabula County Sheriff’s with a felony warrant from Painesville Muni who was also named as a suspect in a rape that occurred the previous night in Ashtabula.  A search warrant resulted in two guns, over $11,000, and what can best be described as a hit list of witnesses that testified against him and his cousin (who is on death row) from a 2004 Youngstown
murder., The pictured male has been identifed through your fb tips - thank you, 02/18/13 EPD is seeking the publics help in identifying the pictured male. The male was also seen operating a dark color blazer. If you have any information you can private message this page or contact the department directly at 951-1400 refer to case #1300250., 02/18/13 a 23 year old Cleveland man was arrested on probable cause warrants for felony strong-arm robbery and two misdemeanor counts of simple assault stemming from an incident that occurred in the 800 block of Waverly. On 01/13/13 during a party at the home two party goers were gathering their belongings to leave. Upon entering the room where the belongings were the 23 year old male was found going through the coats and had the victim’s wallet in his hands. A fight ensured between the guests and the male which resulted in the male fleeing the home in his vehicle. Two victims, a male and female were injured during the altercation. He is being held on $10,000 cash bond and also has a warrant with Willoughby PD on an unrelated charge., 02/17/13 2105hrs officer monitoring traffic on Lakeshore Blvd sitting stationary across the street from Circle K observed two males getting in and out of a vehicle that was parked at a pump.  One male passenger got a gas can out of the trunk and approached several customers while they were getting gas asking them for money and/or gas.  The driver also approached customers and asked them for gas money.  The officer approached to speak with them.  A consent search of the vehicle revealed drug paraphernalia and suspected crack cocaine. A 23 year old male from Concord was arrested for drug paraphernalia and a 29 year old male was arrested on felony charges of drug possession, felony tampering with evidence stemming from concealing drug paraphernalia in a body cavity which entailed a trip to the ER for removal and misdemeanor charge of drug paraphernalia. The 29 year old is being held without bond until court appearance tomorrow., 02/16/13 1624hrs EPD and EFD responded to Vine East Apts for a report of smoke in the hallway. The problem was isolated to a washing machine which caused the light haze in the hall., 02/16/13 1405hrs burglary report filed in the 100 block of Courtland Blvd. Charges are pending involving a 21 year old family member. The male is currently in custody with Mentor PD on other charges with their department., 02/16/13 0026hrs officers responded to the area of E 337 and Vine reference a male stopped at the traffic light, asleep behind the wheel of a car.  On arrival a lone male was observed slumped behind the wheel of the vehicle. Officers knocked on the window several times in an effort to get the males attention. The male was unresponsive.  The driver’s door was then opened where an obvious odor of an alcoholic beverage was emitting from the male driver. The male had his foot on the brake of the car and was snoring. Officers placed the vehicle in park then called out to the male in an effort to wake him and several attempts to do so failed. They shook the males shoulder in an effort to wake him at which time he began to stir. After several moments, the male raised his head and mumbled something unintelligible. Finally the male got conscious and when asked what he was doing he said he was waiting for his friend. The male continued looking around then stated "oh s**t" as he fixed his gaze upon officers.  After failing field sobriety testing the 35 year old male from Willowick was arrested for OVI, driving under suspension and obstructing an intersection. Score 0.164, 02/15/13 1636hrs officers were dispatched to the 1200 block of E 348St for the report of a fight / disturbance that was occurring between 20 + individuals. On arrival, numerous teens ran in different directions from the backyard. The homeowner in the driveway was surprised to see numerous kids running from his backyard and subsequently learning that two girls were fighting in his backyard. It was learned that this call involved two females who did not get along with each other whom were mutually fighting with each other and were among those that fled the scene. Eventually the 15 and 16 year old girls were located. They advised they both choose to mutually engage in a mutual fight but did not accomplish much before they heard sirens from EPD arriving. Parents/guardians were notified of the scuffle and wished for no involvement from EPD., 02/14/13 2212hrs EPD received a call of suspicious activity on E 365St at a home that was vacant due to the homeowner staying with other family members recovering from an illness.  Initially there was no answer at the door; eventually a 26 year old male from Willowick and a 22 year old female Eastlake resident (not of this home) opened the door. The two advised they were at the home for some “alone time” for Valentines Day. Through the investigation it was uncovered that the female took her mother’s keys without permission to enter her elderly grandfather’s residence. While at the residence the two used his vehicle without permission, stole and cashed several checks totaling nearly $1000. It was also discovered the female had stolen items from her own parent’s home and “traded” them for drugs. The female was charged with felony theft of checks, misdemeanor charges of unauthorized use of motor vehicle, petty theft and trespassing. The male was charged with felony passing bad checks and a misdemeanor charge of trespassing. Both were held without bond. The felony charges will carry a higher penalty due the age of the victim., 02/13/13 0151hrs officer performing traffic enforcement on SR 2 observed a vehicle approaching his location which began driving off the right side of the roadway toward the cruiser driving over the rumble strips and nearly striking the rear portion of the cruiser. A traffic stop was initiated on the SR 91 exit ramp where it finally stopped at the top of the ramp. Field sobriety tests were performed on the 45 year old female from Euclid who wanted to argue she performed the tests better than the officer who demonstrated them to her; however she failed testing and was taken into custody for suspicion of OVI. She was processed at EPD, refused the breath test, held until sober and bond could be met., 02/12/13 2000hrs EPD was requested to do a welfare check on a female and her two children. According the caller he has not been able to get a hold of her via phone since she arrived in Eastlake from a neighboring community to answer an ad on craigslist. On arrival to the home EPD spoke to the homeowners that advised the female left over an hour ago and had made the comment she was turning her phone off and kids phones off to prove a point to her boyfriend because he did not come with them even though she asked him to because she felt it was dangerous to go alone. Welfare checked okay., 02/12/13 Lorain County So recovered a firearm entered as stolen through EPD from a burglary report taken on St Lawrence in 1972. The 23 year old male involved in Lorain's report is not considered a suspect because he wasn't born yet. The suspect EPD has for the burglary is presently incarcerated and is ineligible for parole until 2016., 02/12/13 1702hrs officers responded to Drug Mart on Vine St for a disturbance in the parking lot. On scene a 29 year old male from Cleveland advised while he was traveling on E 337St a male began to tailgate him. He pulled into the parking lot of Drug Mart and parked his vehicle. The male, a 23 year old resident, pulled up next to him and started yelling and cursing at him. Both men exited their vehicles and continued to argue. The Eastlake male jumped back into his vehicle and tried to run the other male over with his car which was verified by three witnesses. He then put the car in reverse and started to do “backward doughnuts” striking a parked uninvolved vehicle and fled the scene.
The front end of the parked car was moved approximately 18in from the impact. The vehicle had damage to the passenger door and front quarter panel damage.
Meanwhile another officer located the suspect vehicle and initiated a traffic stop. The male was placed into custody for assault and hit-skip and his vehicle towed. He is being held until bond can be met or court arraignment., 02/12/13 0329hrs a vehicle traveling 57mph on Lakeshore (35mph zone) was stopped for the speeding violation. Upon speaking with the 21 year old male driver from Willoughby Hills the officer could smell a strong odor of an alcoholic beverage and the driver’s speech was slurred. He was asked how much he had to drink to which he replied not much, then a few, and finally the standard answer - three beers. After failing field sobriety testing he was taken into custody for suspicion of OVI. He submitted to a breath test with a score of 0.223., 02/12/13 0024hrs officers responded to a verbal altercation at the Vineyards between a 33 year old female and a 36 year old male, both residents of Cleveland. The two began an argument inside of Walmart and were asked to leave by management. The argument continued outside. The two have a child together but are no longer together. The male arrived at the store with another woman and the female went there to hassle them. The female was sent on her way while the male resumed his shopping, 02/11/13 1638hrs officers responded to Willowick Dr for an intoxicated male on a Lake Tran bus. The 30 year old male from Willoughby was identifed and removed from the bus. The slightly intoxicated male was making open ended threats to another male, also a passenger on the bus. The male was transported home on Lost Nation Rd., 02/10/13 0520hrs an officer attempted to stop a vehicle for a minor traffic violation (weaving and stopping for a green light) on Vine St eastbound. The vehicle did not stop and continued east. The vehicle accelerated, entered the left turn lane to the SR 2 west entrance ramp, traveled under SR 2 then entered the turn lane to SR 2 east. The vehicle slowed slightly and attempted to turn left on the entrance ramp but failed to negotiate the turn sliding off the edge of the roadway striking a light pole causing the pole to fall. The vehicle came to a rest on the base of the light pole. The male appeared to be unconscious, then sat up and attempted to drive pressing on the accelerator. He then exited the vehicle and attempted to flee on foot. Rescue was called for the male who was later life flighted to Metro. The 33 year old male from Painesville was cited for  driving under suspension, fleeing and eluding and possession of marijuana. More charges are pending  after results of blood samples are analyzed by the crime lab. Willoughby PD completed the accident report and also have charges pending on the male., 02/10/13 0211hrs a vehicle was stopped on Lakeshore for driving in a weaving course. When the driver was approached he had the strong odor of alcohol about his person. When asked where he was going he advised he was in Mentor on his way to Perry. After failing field sobriety testing the 42 year old from Perry was arrested for suspicion of DUI, processed and held for court set bond. Score 0.185, 02/10/13 0144hrs officer on patrol observed a juvenile on SR 91 stumbling and swaying as she walked on the bicycle path from Beachpark. The 14 year old female from Willowick admitted to consuming several Budweiser beers and was walking to her home. She was arrested for underage intoxication and curfew. She was transported to the station, processed and released to a parent awaiting her hearing in juvenile court., 02/09/13 2115hrs report of two males starting a fire on the sidewalk in front of Harbor Freight Tools on Vine St. Officers reported it was two males celebrating a Chinese New Year tradition of lighting napkins on fire. The fire was out on their arrival and the males sent on their way., 02/09/13 1325hrs report of slashed vehicle tires on E 337St - under investigation., 02/09/13 0802hrs a one vehicle accident occurred on Hillcrest Dr. A vehicle went off the right side of the roadway after hitting an icy patch sheering off a fire hydrant and striking a light pole. Two lawns were also damaged., 02/07/13 2028hrs report of a vehicle vs bicycle accident in the sidewalk/parking lot area of Key Bank on Vine St. According to the witness the bicyclist threw her bike at the male who struck her. The 27 year old female from Willowick was located walking on Vine St. She advised she was not injured but her bike was ruined. The male that hit her gave her money for the bike and she was satisfied with that., 02/07/13 1606hrs solicitor complaint at Harbor Freight Tools. Two men from Brunswick were attempting to sell home theater systems out of their truck. The company was contacted that sold the equipment to the men to verify it was not stolen merchandise. The merchandise checked okay - the men were advised they were not permitted to solicit without a permit in the city., Monday Night Domestic Violence Support Group

The Eastlake Police Victims Assistance Program offers a
confidential support group for women who
are currently in or who have been in an unhealthy relationship.

Where
Eastlake Police Department
35150 Lakeshore Boulevard
Eastlake, OH 44095

When
Monday evenings from 6:30-8p.m.
(except holidays)

There is no fee for participating in the support group

Please contact the Eastlake Police Victim Advocates at
975-4252 or 951-1400 for further information., newsnet5.com 
The Ohio parole board has unanimously rejected a plea for mercy from a condemned man who fatally shot an adult bookstore security guard in northeast Ohio. 

The board's recommendation Friday against clemency comes just under a month before Frederick Treesh's scheduled execution March 6. 

Treesh was sentenced to die for shooting 58-year-old Henry Dupree during a robbery in Eastlake on Aug. 27, 1994. 

Treesh's attorneys described him as a cocaine addict who was high during the robbery and is deeply sorry for what happened. 

Prosecutors contend Treesh intentionally murdered Dupree and tried to kill others, including police officers in pursuit, after a three-week spree of increasingly violent crimes, including a killing at a Michigan video store two days before the Ohio slaying. 

Gov. John Kasich has the final say., 02/08/13 0019hrs a routine traffic stop for a speeding violation ended in the arrest of a 36 year old female from Cleveland for felony possession of heroin, misdemeanor charges of drug abuse instruments, driving with a suspended license and the speeding violation. She is being held without bond until court arraignment., Shared for Reese Eismon:
Missing dog- Mesa is a small Pomeranian about 6lbs, she runaway yesterday, she will answer to Mesa or MiMi, she will come if you ask her to "go bye bye", she is probably scared so approach slowly, she lives off the north side of Erie road., 02/07/13 officer performing traffic detail on Vine and E 345St stopped a vehicle for running the red light. The operator, a 28 year old female from Euclid was found to have two outstanding warrants with Euclid PD for endangering children and drug paraphernaila. The passenger, a 33 year old male who advised he was homeless, also had a warrant for child endangering. Both were taken into custody for the warrants, cited for the traffic violation and transfered to Euclid's custody. Two children in the vehicle were released to a family member., Shared for the seniors of North High School - Best of luck from EPD
Please Help the senior class win the Rock Your Prom contest by 96.5 kiss fm! Vote for Eastlake North here : http://www.kisscleveland.com/pages/contests/rock-your-prom/2013/, 02/06/13 two 13 year old males have been arrested in connection with the slashed tires and damage to property reports that were generated in the surfside/Green Rd area. Known victims will be contacted by officers. If there are any unknown victims that have had their tires slashed or taillights broken on 02/02/13 contact EPD at 440-951-1400., This is the award letter which details Ptl Tryon's action which lead
to his lifesaving award.

Dear Lake County Chief’s of Police Awards Committee,  

     I would like to make the committee aware of Officer Tryon’s selfless actions on October 18, 2012. Officer Tryon’s actions showed his true nature and dedication to the people he serves. Officer Tryon was dispatched to SR 91 and Vine St. for a three car motor vehicle accident.  He noticed that the vehicle had struck a pedestrian crossing pole which in turn was lying across the vehicle. The pole was knocked off the base, possibly still live with electricity. Officer Tryon began to assess the severity of this emergency and discovered that there was an injured male still trapped in the vehicle,

     Officer Tryon, without concern for his safety, removed the pole from the vehicle and gained entry to the passenger compartment.  Officer Tryon recognized that the 87 year old male was positioned face down across the seat in such a way that could cause positional asphyxiation.  He repositioned the male which in turn opened his airway. He then immobilized his head and neck to reduce the risk of further injuries.  Officer Tryon remained at the male’s side until the fire department’s rescue squad arrived. Officer Tryon then assisted the officers on the scene of the accident, gathering information and clearing the road.  

     Officer Tryon has shown that he is always willing to step up and do what it takes to help the public his fellow officers.  His quick response to the aid of others is only one of his many admirable qualities.  His fellow officers brought the events of this day to my attention.  We are proud to count Officer Tryon as one of our own. Everyone who has had contact with Officer Tryon has recognized his sincere and caring nature.  

     Officer Tryon’s actions that day likely saved a life and should be recognized by this agency.  His commitment to this job and the selflessness he showed that day is truly rare and sets the example for all of us to follow.

Sincerely,

Chief Lawrence Reik
Eastlake Police Department, 02/05/13 1139hrs 41 year old Lonny McNair from Mentor was arrested by the Fugitive Task Force of the US Marshalls at Ranch Manor Apts. McNair is accused of an extremely violent domestic that occured in October of 2012 in Eastlake. He was charged with felony domestic violence and held on $5000 cash., 02/04/13 1616hrs a vehicle being operated by a 28 year old male from Mentor on the Lake was traveling W/B on Lakeshore approaching Willowick Dr when according to his account a vehicle abruptly stopped in front of him. To avoid a collision the operator drove off the right side of the roadway striking a telephone pole. The male was transported by rescue for treatment for his injuries., 02/03/13 1944hrs EPD assisted EFD on the report of a oven fire on Willowick Dr. On arrival the fire was out but a lot of smoke remained in the home. EFD was able to ventilate the structure naturally., 02/03/13 1855hrs a 20 year old male from Euclid was arrested after being observed stealing about $140 of games and known to be involved in other thefts at Walmart. The male was arrested for theft and for an outstanding felony warrant for rape out of Euclid PD. He was held until arraignment today then transported to Lake County Jail., 02/03/13 during the overnight hours a catalytic convertor was cut off a vehicle and stolen at Manor Park Apts.  No other reports of tampering of vehicles in the area were reported., 02012013 during the overnight hours friday night until saturday morning there were three vehicles in the surfside area that had their vehicles tires slashed. In most instances 2-3 tires on each vehicle were slashed. To were on s Lakeshore Bl and one on E Overlook. The incidents appear to random as none of victims have anything in common. If anyone has any information please contact EPD and as always report any suspicious activity/persons you see in the area., We are currently taking applications for a relief crossing gaurd position(s).  The position will be on an as needed basis and generally covers specific areas from 0730-0915 and 1430-1545 during school days   Equipment and uniforms will be provided.  If you have any questions please call 951-1400 x-206 and speak to Sgt Hauser.  Do not post questions on this site.  Thank you, 01/30/13 1956hrs officers were dispatched to a residence on Lakeshore for a disturbance. On arrival the resident stated there was a spiritual battle going inside of his home between two former acquaintances. He said the spirits let snakes loose but the snakes went down the bathtub drain. Gone on arrival...., 01/30/13 A 29 year old male from Wickliffe and a 26 year old female from Barberton were arrested on probable cause warrants for stealing an air conditioning unit from outside of a home on Spindrift on 01/02/13. The two were processed and transported to Lake County Jail where they are being held on several charges from other cities as well., 01/29/12 river checks by officers were conducted throughout the afternoon and evening hours yesterday. At 1805hrs the river began cresting over the banks. By 1815hrs the ice broke free and the river began flowing freely and at 1819hrs the ice made it's way down to the mouth of the river into the lake., 01/26/12 1552hrs Officers were dispatched to E 331St for a reported domestic between a 50 year old male and his wife’s 22 year old daughter. The female stated the intoxicated male was yelling at her so she went into her room and placed the hook lock on the door which the male kicked open causing the lock to be broken. She had fresh red bruise marks on her arm from the male grabbing her arm and pushing her face. The male was located in his room. He was unable to walk on his own and had to be assisted down the stairs to keep him from falling. He was placed under arrest for domestic violence, transported to EPD where he was processed and held until court appearance., Shared from The News Herald:
An Eastlake man was sentenced to 18 months in prison Monday for beating up a homeless woman.

Anthony Johnson, 53, had been living with the 23-year-old woman, an acquaintance, when he asked her to leave Oct. 13, according to the Eastlake Police Facebook page.

She gathered her clothing and sat down on the couch when Johnson began punching her several times in the face and head. Shortly after that, a witness observed the victim wandering and bleeding profusely in the parking lot and called police.

Johnson was arrested and charged with felonious assault.

At the time, he was on probation after pleading guilty to an assault charge in Willoughby Municipal Court for an unrelated attack on a different woman

Johnson previously pleaded guilty to attempted felonious assault before Lake County Common Pleas Court Judge Vincent A. Culotta.

In serving his sentence, Johnson will be credited for 108 days served. He was also ordered to pay restitution of $11,180.28 for the victim’s medical expenses., newsnet5.com - Good to know
 Normally a consumer alert about an email saying you have money coming your way is a warning that it’s a rip-off, but there is an email going out to Facebook users that is legitimate. 

Facebook reached a settlement in a case over the use of your pictures. The lawsuit focused on the social media site's use of profile pictures in advertisements without the users’ permission. In this case, the ad was a sponsored story. 

As part of the deal, Facebook will pay out $20 million in $10 increments to impacted users. 

The email alerting you to the settlement is from legalnotice@facebookmail.com. The email has the details of the settlement and gives people a link to FraleyFacebookSettlement.com where you can submit your claim. 

When you go to submit a claim, it may look as though you need to give out your bank account information and routing number to receive an automatic payment. However, on the paper form you can choose to have a check mailed to your home. That way you’re not giving your bank information away, although, the settlement says the information will only be used for the purposes stated in the legal notice. 

You need to submit a claim to be eligible for the settlement by May 2, 2013. 

If so many people make claims that the $20 million settlement won't cover the payout, users won't get any money. Instead, the settlement money will go to a charity., 01/26/13 1514hrs report of a van driving recklessly, tailgating other motorists on Lakeshore Bl. The vehicle was located at Traymore and Lakeshore, passing another vehicle headed towards a patrol unit at 87 MPH. The vehicle was stopped. The 52 year old male from Willoughby advised he was in hurry to attend to some personal matters. He was initially given a citation for reckless operation and advised he could tend to his personal matter and would not be taken into custody. The male became enraged saying he was allowed to pass (it was a solid double line) and he was going to lose his job. He then exited the vehicle and began to fight and threaten the officer. He was forcibly taken into custody where he remained uncooperative, argumentative, threatening and aggressive. He was held without bond on felony charges of aggravated menacing, misdemeanor charges of resisting arrest, reckless operation and disorderly conduct., Eastlake 911 is restored., UPDATE: Channel 5 reports:
An apparent broken fiber line in the Cleveland area has caused major widespread issues with telephones and 911 service Friday. 
According to various telephone and Internet service providers, a fiber line was somehow cut and is causing a major outage affecting multiple carriers. The break caused various issues with both landlines and cellphones. 
911 service appeared to be affected in that many people are unable to reach 911 via landlines in most counties in northeast Ohio. Cellphones do appear to be working for this, though. Anyone having trouble calling 911 are asked to dial the direct numbers for the department they're trying to reach., THE 9-1-1 SYSTEM THROUGHOUT SEVERAL AGENCIES IN LAKE COUNTY IS EXPERIENCING PROBLEMS - FOR ALL CALLS USE THE NON-EMGERENCY NUMBERS EASTLAKE PD 951-1400, 01/24/13 2144hrs a traffic stop was made at Vine and E 345St for a vehicle with expired tags (July -2010). The driver, a 67 year old female from Willoughby was cited for driving under suspension and the expired plates. Her male passenger had an identity crisis providing officers with information on two different names, one of which the officer knew the person of the name he used. A search of his person located an envelope with a name on it and when compared to a BMV photo his real identity was revealed. The female’s vehicle was towed and she was transported home released on a $3500 unsecured bond. The 43 year old male from Wickliffe was taken into custody on two counts of providing false information and a felony probation warrant out of Cuyahoga Sheriff’s department. He is being held on $3500 cash bond until court and release to CCSO., 01/24/13 1555hrs vandalism/theft report taken for property on Plymouth Rd.  A contractor for the bank owned home reported there is approximately $24,000 damage from missing copper and electrical wires, from damages to walls/floors/ceilings and a missing ac unit., 01/24/13 1419hrs a civil dispute over property on E 342st resulted in the arrest of a 28 year old female from Mentor. The complainant advised his ex-girlfriend had just kicked his front door in after an argument they had over property and left the home in a vehicle. He requested to pursue charges against her. Willoughby PD located the vehicle driving in their city on Vine St. EPD responded to that location and took the female into custody. Photos were taken of the damage to the door. The female was processed and bond was met a short time later., 01/24/13 0138hrs a caller reported he was in the bed of a possible stolen truck, currently at the Handle Bar parking lot. Other parties involved were two black males that fled in a smaller silver car, no other vehicle description. After checking the area and alerting surrounding agencies, officers spoke with the caller. He reported the two males believed his cousin (truck owner) owed them money so they were taking the truck as collateral. The caller decided to jump in the truck bed so they would not take the vehicle and ended up in the bar parking lot where the two males fled in the silver car.  The males in the car were not located and the vehicle owner has not contacted EPD to file a complaint., null, 01/22/13 EPD is seeking the identity of one or both of the pictured females in reference to a crime against the elderly. This was the clearest photo EPD could obtain. If you have information either message this page or call Det Christian 440-951-1400., 01/22/13 Eastlake officers assigned with the US Marshalls Task Force assisted ATF and officers from NYPD apprehend a male residing in Eastlake accused of running guns from Cleveland to New York City. The male was taken into NYPD’s custody without incident and returned to New York to face federal charges., null, 01/21/13 1518hrs a 37 year old female called EPD to report she was at Walmart and a 19 year old female texted her threatening to beat her up. She was advised to come to the station but said the 19 year was on her way to the store to fight her with a few friends and she doesn’t drive. While still on the phone girls in question arrived causing a verbal disturbance in the store. On scene at the store all parties were spoken to – one group was asked to leave the other group was going to continue their shopping. The complainant’s daughter originally had her phone and texted the girls to come to Walmart to fight then called police because the girls took her up on the offer., 01/20/13 2301hrs a vehicle was parked at Circle K with three occupants. The front seat passenger was observed on three different occasions opening his door and tossing McDonald’s wrappers and bags out of his door. On approach to the vehicle the passenger advised it was too cold out to walk to the trash can. A strong odor of marijuana was emanating from the vehicle and the occupants one at a time were asked to step out of the vehicle. Located on one 17 year old was a yellow prescription pill, later identified as alprazolam, commonly used for anxiety or depression. No other drugs were located other than burnt marijuana in the ashtray. The juvenile, after picking up his trash, was taken into custody for possession of drugs and cited for littering from a motor vehicle. He was processed, released to parent and referred to juvenile court., 01/20/13 An 18 year old female resident turned herself in on a probable cause warrant for receiving stolen property. She is accused of removing boots and miscellaneous clothing items from a friend’s home on Glen Dr in December 2012 and selling the items to Plato’s Closet in Mentor.  She was processed and released on an unsecured appearance bond., 01/20/13 0216hrs a female reported her vehicle was stolen within the last 30 minutes along with her dog that was in the vehicle at the Lakeshore Estates. Before speaking with the complainant, officers checked the area for any activity. The dog was located first in another apartment when someone found it wondering around outside. The vehicle was then located at Dover Apts. Speaking with the boyfriend of the caller, once the vehicle and pet were recovered, he advised the female was intoxicated, must of parked the car in the wrong spot and let the dog out., 01/19/13 1655hrs officer on a traffic detail Lakeshore at Hillcrest observed a vehicle proceed through a red light and initiated a traffic stop. Upon approaching the vehicle, there were a total of seven people in the vehicle, five passengers in the back (three on the seat and two on the floor), one passenger in the front seat and the operator. Their ages ranged from 15 to 21 years old.  The 16 year old operator of the vehicle id not have a license. There was also an odor of marijuana in the car and when asked marijuana and paraphernalia were handed over – that person was given a MM cite for possession. The operator was cited for no operator’s license, red light, passengers not to exceed seatbelts in the vehicle and transported back to EPD. The vehicle was released to the registered owner, one of the passenger’s mother who led her mother to believe her boyfriend, the operator, had a valid license., 01/18/13 1232hrs complainant from Beachpark stated she found a grenade in an old box of her father's belongings, placed it on her dining room table and it was making her nervous because the pin was still in it. The grenade was found to be inert - it was removed from her residence and later released to another family member., 01/17/13 1741hrs a complaint was received from Windsor Court Apts that a resident had moved out of the apartment three weeks ago and left their animals behind. Management opened the door on our arrival and one (very fast) cat was observed. Inside there was food, water and kitty litter. Management will contact the previous renter to pick up the mail and the cat., 01/13/13 1501hrs a caller reported an attempted fraud/scam he wanted to make us aware of - the complainant advised he received a call from a male (area code 876) reference winning money from a green dot scratch off card. He was asked to meet the male in the vineyards, pay him $70 for the winning card and he would receive his winnings in a few days. This call was followed up by another male, the “CEO” of the company advising the complainant to call him once he received the winning green scratch off card.   As always remember if your phone rings and caller ID shows an 876 area code, while it appears the call is coming from the US, be cautious with this Jamaican area code. If you do not have friends, relatives, or business associates in Jamaica, there is probably a scammer on the other end of line., Please help us with our raffle to support the PAL program.  It is a
good cause and a great time.  Message the page if you want to come in for tickets and we will set something up., Monday Night Domestic Violence Support Group
Is Back Starting January 21, 2013

The Eastlake Police Victims Assistance Program offers a
confidential support group for women who
are currently in or who have been in an unhealthy relationship.

Where
Eastlake Police Department
35150 Lakeshore Boulevard
Eastlake, OH 44095

When
Monday evenings from 6:30-8p.m.
(except holidays)

There is no fee for participating in the support group

Please contact the Eastlake Police Victim Advocates at
975-4252 or 951-1400 for further information., 01/16/13 1454hrs a golf enthusiast attempted to steal $119.58 worth of golf balls from Walmart. When the male was confronted by loss prevention he fled the store. Exiting the store at the same time was one of our retired Officers. Both loss prevention and the retired officer pursued the 26 year old from Mentor apprehending him and detained him until EPD arrived.  The Mentor male was arrested, charged with theft and held on court set bond.  That being said, because Walmart has an aggressive Loss Prevention Team is the reason there are so many arrests at this store, no other reason. It can't be fairly compared to other stores that may not be as aggressive with thefts as this dedicated team is., null, Walmart Pledges to Source More USA-Made Goods.
Posted by scapozzola on 01/15/2013    
Walmart CEO Bill Simon has announced that the company plans to buy an additional $50 billion in U.S.-made products over the next 10 years.
 
Said Scott Paul, President of the Alliance for American Manufacturing (AAM):
 
“If Walmart’s ‘Made in America’ announcement is real, it’s a game changer. No company drives retailing trends like Walmart. I salute Walmart for stating this commitment and hope other retailers follow suit in sourcing more high-quality products that are made in America.
 
“However, this is hardly a revolutionary move when you look at Walmart’s business model and overall sales volume.  The company is simply responding to economics.  Consumers want more made-in-USA choices, and smart observers recognize that this can be a profitable approach. 

“Ideally, Walmart's and Sam's Club's pledge of increased domestic sourcing will include higher-ticket items like appliances and apparel, and not simply more of the current paper goods and vegetables that are made in the U.S.

“We certainly understand the ‘Walmart Effect’ and know that no move the company makes will leave others untouched. We hope this is a move that they truly implement, and with net positive effects.” 

Walmart’s pledge would mean sourcing an additional $5 billion per year in American-made goods. To help put that into perspective, here are some interesting stats:

Total amount of money spent at Walmart every hour of every day: $36,000,000 
Total amount of profit Walmart makes every minute: $34,880 
Total number of employees: 2,000,000 
Total number of stores: 4,253 
Percentage of Americans that live within 15 minutes of Walmart: 90% 
Total sales annually: $405 Billion 
Total number of Walmart Brands: 27 
Total number of customers per week: 100,000,000 
World Rank by economy if Walmart were a country: 19th 
Percent of Walmart suppliers located in China: 80%, 01/15/13 1557hrs a 36 year old female from Cleveland was arrested for theft at Walmart for attempting to walk out of the store with $482.93 worth of household items including several curtains, curtain rod, decorative pillows, bath and wash towels, lighting, comforter set, a hamper and more. She was arrested, transported to EPD where she was processed and held on court set bond., 01/15/13 1426hrs EPD Officer working with the Fugitive Task Force arrested 53 year old Wayne Dancie from S Euclid on an outstanding felony warrant for failure to appear on a pretrial in an Eastlake case. In December of 2011 Dancie is accused of writing an insufficient funds check for over $21,000 to purchase a vehicle at a car dealership on Vine St. Dancie was arrested November of 2012 on that charge, released on bond and failed to show up for any other court proceedings. He is being held on $5000/10% cash bond., 01/15/13 0114hrs EPD responded to a burglary complaint in the 34000 block of Glen Dr. The residence was entered through an unlocked bedroom window. The suspect helped himself to a handgun and a PS3. Suspects were developed and two people of interest were transported to EPD for questioning a short time later. Upon completion of the investigation, 22 year old Rico Aponte of Eastlake was charged with the burglary, theft of a firearm and weapons under disability. He is being held without bond until court appearance. Detectives were able to recover the handgun that was tracked to N Olmsted. The other person of interest was found to not be involved in the burglary but was held on an outstanding failure to appear warrant through WMC and drug paraphernalia. He is being held on court set bond., 01/13/13 2101hrs a simple traffic violation resulted in the arrest of a 22 year old male from Elyria. The male had a felony warrant out of the Lorain County Sheriff’s office for failure to register as a sex offender. He was taken into custody and later turned over to Lorain S.O., 01/13/13 1637hrs an 18 year old from Concord reported to EPD he attempted to get a loan for a vehicle and was told he had an adverse account on his credit. The male then checked his credit and discovered his mother had used his social security number when she applied or an account with East Ohio Gas while they lived in Eastlake, accumulating a bill of $1359.00 which went into collections. It was paid off by his mother shortly after but ruined the 18 year olds credit. Report was sent to the prosecutor for review of charges., 01/12/13 2238hrs report of a male passed out at Vine East apartments in the hallway. On arrival the 48 year old male was identified and advised he fell asleep waiting for his brother because he forgot his keys. He was given a courtesy transport to a relatives home in Willoughby., 01/12/13 1652hrs report of an intoxicated female inside Valu-King that was leaving in her vehicle. On arrival the vehicle was located still on Vine St weaving, it turned onto SR 91 and was stopped for traveling in the shoulder instead of the marked lanes. The 50 year old female from Euclid did not perform field sobriety testing well and was taken into custody for suspicion of DUI.  A breath test was administered resulting in a .242 score., 01/12/13 0228hrs officer on patrol on Lakeshore could hear a male howling in the parking lot of Shore Circle Plaza. The highly intoxicated male was located sitting on a bench in front of Cyber Time Café with his head between his hands continued to howl. There was a large pool of blood on the ground and it appeared as though he was missing several teeth. Patrons at the bar stated the male was asked to leave the bar due to his already intoxicated state and attempts to start physical altercations. They reported the male fell several times while walking to the bench where he was now seated. When the officer asked him if he was okay or wanted rescue, he stood up and swung at the officer. The 24 year old male, who incidentally was also celebrating his birthday, was taken into custody for disorderly intoxication and assault. He refused all medical treatment and was placed into a cell until sober., 01/12/13 0131hrs a male resident entered the station and advised he was at the Handle Bar celebrating his 50th birthday and got into a verbal altercation which led to the males mutually stepping out into the parking lot to fight. The male further said his girlfriend attempted to intervene and was slapped by an unknown male. The female, who was outside of the station stated she did not know who struck her nor was she injured. Speaking with patrons at the bar, they did not know either male involved in the altercation. Both complainants were admittedly intoxicated and transported home to their residence in the city. They were advised to return when sober if they wished to pursue the matter further.   At 0209hrs the same male involved in the altercation at the Handle Bar called 911 advising he was walking back to the bar with two knives to “take care of business.” He was located walking on Stevens Blvd, exactly where he told dispatch he was. When confronted he immediately told officers where the knives were located on his person, (a  9 1/2in knife and an 11in knife.) He was arrested and charged with carrying a concealed weapon and disorderly intoxication. He was held until sober and bond could be met., 01/11/13 2132hrs officers responded to a criminal damaging complaint at the Power Play on Vine St. Two witnesses advised they saw a male exit his vehicle and strike another vehicle over and over with an unknown object while yelling “I’m sick of this.” When the male was confronted by the two, he entered his vehicle and drove away. The suspect vehicle was located at Manny’s Bar. When asked by officers the 64 year old male advised as he was pulling into a parking spot at the Power Play when a vehicle pulled in front of him (nose to nose parking) striking his vehicle causing him to become extremely upset. He grabbed an umbrella from his vehicle and the beat the car out of anger. The male was unable to point out any damage to his vehicle nor was any observed. He was advised a warrant will be issued for his arrest for criminal damaging., 01/11/13 1819hrs complaint of a female shoplifter at the Dollar Tree on Vine St. According to employees the 28 year old female resident selected cosmetics and left the store without paying for the items. The female was located by officers still in the Vineyards parking lot pushing a stroller. She at first denied the theft and claimed she was being harassed by store employees. Eventually she admitted the wrong doing, turned over the merchandise, the store was satisfied with the returned items not wishing to pursue charges. A check of the female showed she had an active warrant through this department for a failure to appear stemming from a domestic violence charge. She was arrested on the charge and held for court set bond. The child was transported home to his father., 01/11/13 0206hrs Officer on patrol on Garrett's Cove located an open garage door with a vehicle parked inside.  The door on the parked vehicle was also open. Upon approaching the garage a male could be sleeping inside the vehicle who was identifed as the vehicle owner/resident. Officers assisted the 38 year old male into his house., 01/10/13 On 01/03/13 at0224hrs a resident from Timberlake advised he left his parked car at Walmart while he went somewhere with his friends.  When he returned his vehicle  two of the tires were slashed and the vehicle was keyed from the driver front fender to the rear quarter panel. A review of video of the parking lot clearly showed three males that were involved who were readily identified. Warrants were issued for their arrest for the criminal damaging and complicity to criminal damaging. Two the 19 year old males, one from Eastlake, one from Willoughby turned themselves into EPD on the warrants last night. The third 19 year old male resident turned himself in to EPD earlier in the week, 01/05/13 2304hrs a 46 year old male resident reported he was walking home from the bar on E 345St by Eastlawn when a small dog ran down a driveway and bit him in the leg. The male had a puncture wound in his calf but advised he wasn’t concerned about the bite, he wanted the dog owner to provide him with a new pair of jeans that the dog ripped. The dog owner agreed – bite report faxed to the health department., Willoughby Pd has identified the suspect in the pursuit in their city and are seeking help in apprehending the male:

http://www.19actionnews.com/story/20545411/willoughby-chase-suspect-idd-still-on-loose, Man Admits To Committing Sex Crimes With Teenagers In Mentor, Eastlake  By Jason Lea
One of Michael Yeckley's victims -- a 13-year-old girl -- talked in court about what she went through after Yeckley plied her with alcohol during a party at a Mentor motel and sexually battered her while he had another partygoer film it.
She said she was insulted at school and threatened on Facebook. She was accused of being a liar and promiscuous.
"I lived in constant fear of being beat up," she said.
She dyed and cut her hair so people would not recognize her. She thought about hurting herself.
"I feel like I will never have a normal life," she told Lake County Common Pleas Judge Joseph Gibson.
Yeckley, 22, of Willowick, pleaded guilty to charges of sexual battery and pandering obscenity in that case.
Yeckley also pleaded guilty to unlawful sexual conduct with a minor from an unrelated case in Eastlake. In that case, Yeckley is accused of having a sexual relationship with a 15-year-old girl while he was 18.
Yeckley was sentenced for his crimes Wednesday morning in Gibson's court.
The mother of Yeckley's victim in the Eastlake case asked that he receive the longest prison sentence possible.
"He is a serial predator pedophile," she said. "He's going to continue to seek out younger and younger victims."
Several family members of the victim in the Mentor case also spoke during the hearing.
"This tragedy is something we carry with us every day. It will reverberate through our lives for many years," her mother said. "The defendant caused all of this by taking advantage of a confused 13-year-old girl because he wanted to have a little fun."
Assistant Lake County Prosecutor Jamie Eck noted that Yeckley was out on bond for the Eastlake case when he committed the sexual battery and pandering obscenity.
"I don't think there's any genuine remorse at all," she said. "This is an individual we need to get out of our community. We need to get him off the streets."
Yeckley's attorney, Joseph Morris, claimed his client did feel sorry for his actions.
When Yeckley had the opportunity to speak, he said, "I expect to be punished for what I've done and I am sorry."
"I wish this action had never happened," Yeckley added. "I really do, but I know that I can't be forgiven."
Gibson sentenced Yeckley to nine years in prison and named him a Tier I, II and III sexual offender. That means he will have to register with the local sheriff's office where he lives and works for the rest of his life.
"You've destroyed lives," Gibson told Yeckley. "You've caused people irreparable harm."
Gibson thanked the victims for coming forward.
"These children were strong enough to standup to you -- and their strength and bravery are why we are here," he said., 01/07/13 1237hrs a resident reported he notified his tenant of the home he rents that he would be out to take pictures of the property for tax purposes. The tenant asked the landlord if he (the tenant) could reside the home with vinyl siding, which the landlord found strange. When the landlord arrived at the home he found the entire house had been stripped of aluminum siding. The tenant advised he removed the siding in December and received $80 for the scrap. No charges are being filed at this time pending replacement of the siding by the tenant at the request of the homeowner., 01/07/13 1026hrs report taken for a hit-skip accident that occurred on SR 91 at SR 2. A van struck a Freightliner truck cab from behind leaving a piece of the van’s grill embedded in the victim truck. Both vehicles initially stopped but when the driver of the truck approached the van, the van went around the truck fleeing the scene. The suspect vehicle is described as a white Ford Ecoline van with two ladders on top and now with a damaged front grill., Great job OSP!
newsnet5.com 
A man from Shelby faces felony drug charges after Ohio State Highway Patrol troopers seized $6,000 worth of heroin following a traffic stop in Richland County. Troopers stopped the pick-up truck to investigate a warrant violation on State Route 13 northbound at 11:34 a.m. on Jan. 6. The owner and driver of the truck, Shawn Schiffer, 41, was arrested on an outstanding warrant. A search of the truck then revealed 225 balloons of suspected heroin, or 40 grams. Schiffer was then booked into the Richland County Jail and charged with aggravated trafficking in heroin. If convicted, he could face up to 10 years in prison and pay up to a $20,000 fine, 01/06/13 2314hrs Officers responded to a reported violent domestic between a male and female on Waverly Rd. On arrival the male and female were in the driveway still arguing, the female’s cheek was observed to be swollen and bleeding. According to a witness and the victim the couple went out for a celebratory birthday dinner for the male. Once home they began to argue which escalated with the male punching the female in the face causing her to fall into a bathtub. He is also accused of punching her in the ribs knocking her down. Although the female victim did not wish to pursue charges, the 42 year old male was taken into custody and charged with domestic violence. He was held without bond until court appearance today., Our department has been involved for two months with the Greater Cleveland Fugitive task force for the past two months.  Lake County has started a part time task force to help find felony fugitives within the county.   We, along with other Lake County departments, have gone out at least once a week to hunt for felony warrants that have originated from these county departments.  There have been a total of 30 felons who are no longer on the street due to the work that was done by this regionalized group of officers.  Job well done, 01/05/13 0146hrs a resident arrived at EPD and reported his intoxicated wife was in his car and she refused to get out. He advised he picked his wife up in Geauga County and planned on driving her to their residence. While in route the female became verbally abusive and was throwing items around in his car. The female was escorted into EPD lobby so could make phone calls for a ride. She was advised she could stay in the lobby as long as she needed to because she had been drinking. A few minutes later she left the lobby. The 29 year old female was located on the bike path by Beachpark where she was arrested for disorderly intoxication and held until sober., Mentor PD is asking for your assistance on identifying the pictured suspects:  On December 30th at approximately 7:30 p.m. A black male and black female possibly in their late 50’s stole an undetermined amount of money from an unattended drawer at the Mentor Walmart. It is possible that the suspects possess a key for ...this type drawer. In this incident the male unlocked the drawer while the female stood as a lookout shielding his criminal activity. If anyone can identify this couple please call the Mentor Police Department at (440)255-1234.See More, In 2012 the Eastlake Polce Department became one of several locations in the county to drop off unused and unwanted prescription drugs.  These are then taken to a pre-determined site and destroyed.  For the year we helped to destroy over 339 pounds of drugs that may have ended up in an abuser's hands.  
     We will be continuing this program in 2013 and ask our followers to ensure that any unused and out of date Prescription drugs are destroyed using these drug boxes.  If you have questions you can contact myself or Sgt Werner at 440 951-1400.  
   
Chief Reik, 01/03/12 1330hrs TRAFFIC LIGHTS ARE OUT on SR 91 at Curtis Blvd and SR 2 due to a transformer fire. Officers are on scene to direct traffic until generators can be set up to control the lights. Please avoid the area if at all possible for the time being., TRAFFIC CRASH BREAKDOWN FOR 2012:
297 total crashes
214 property damage only crashes
83 with personal injury
0 fatals
95 persons injured
1 pedestrian
2 bicyclists
Crashes between midnight and 8am 45; Crashes between 8am and 4pm 137; Crashes between 4pm and midnight 115.
196 accidents occurred in areas south of Stevens Bl; 98 accidents occurred from Stevens Bl north. Highest rate of accidents were for assuring safe distance (111) with most accidents occurring on SR 91 at Vine St, SR 91 at Curtis and SR 91 at SR 2.
11 accidents involved alcohol and/or drugs of abuse., 01/01/2013 0122hrs officers responded to E 345St for a reported fight in a residence between the caller’s brother and husband. One 37 year old male from Wickliffe was obviously intoxicated as demonstrated by his slurred speech, poor balance and odor an alcoholic beverage.  He was bleeding from several areas on his head and rescue squad was requested. Based on witness statements while celebrating New Year ’s Eve the male made an inappropriate comment toward his sister. He then challenged the caller’s husband to fight after he was to not be disrespectful. The male pulled back to punch the husband and was knocked down by the husband. The Wickliffe male was found to be the aggressor in the disturbance and was issued a disorderly intoxication citation and released at the hospital where he was transported for treatment of his injuries., 01/01/13 0351hrs disturbance call on Lakomis between a male and female. On arrival the two were arguing outside of the residence over missing car keys and a cell phone that the male was talking on. The male continued talking on the phone and arguing with the female ignoring officers on scene, refusing to cooperate in any manner or hang up the phone. Ultimately the 19 year old male from Cleveland was told he was under arrest for disorderly conduct. He remained uncooperative and it took several minutes before the male was taken under control and placed in custody. At the station his mother arrived, as this was the person he was speaking with on the phone. It was agreed upon she would take responsibility of her intoxicated son after booking was completed; however, the male refused to play nice, refusing to go through the booking process. He was placed into a cell and held on bond. He was charged with disorderly intoxication and resisting arrest until his court appearance today., 12/31/12 Drug Mart's loss prevention detained two shoplifters on this date. The first was a 17 year old juvenile out of Willowick. He was arrested and released to a parent/guardian. The second a few hours later was an 18 year old male resident. He was also arrested and held on court set bond. He was unable to post bond so he rocked in the new year at EPD., Reposted for the Ludwig family: Lost dog in surfside around 8pm tonight. Please call Eastlake Police or 440-289-9825, if found. Will give reward. Answers to Ella., 12/30/12 1030hrs no serious accidents to report this weekend so far. Most reports are of private property accidents and disabled one car incidents where the driver slids off the roadway. Road crews are out plowing trying to keep up with the snow fall. There is a snowban in effect, do not block the roadways so the plows can get through., 12/27/12 0524hrs Officers responded to Parkway searching for a male that just assaulted a resident. In the area a male was located staggering down the middle of the roadway that fit the description of the suspect. Footprints in the freshly fallen snow led to the driveway of the victim. The victim stated he heard a loud bang/ slamming sound that woke him up. He went out to his back door and saw a male lying on the hood of his car. He asked the male what he was doing and approached the male. The male then attacked him and they began to wrestle on the ground. The suspect then bit him in the finger and would not let go. The victim told the male he would let him go if he would release his finger. The male then jumped up and ran down the driveway towards Hillcrest. The 25 year old male resident located was taken into custody for assault, agg. trespassing, criminal damage (broken car window) and theft from the vehicle., 12/26/12 1910hrs report of a male punching and kicking a female as she was walking down Willowick Dr. Officers located and approached the couple identified as a juvenile female from Mentor and a 20 year old male resident. According to the female, the male became enraged with jealousy after a comment she made and began the assault, at one time pushing her to the ground and kicking her in the face.  The female had minor injuries to her face and head area. The 20 year old was taken into custody for the assault and held until $3500 bond can be met or arraignment., Three accidents already - take it slow...., 12/24/12 1728hrs report received of a possible impaired driver in the area of E 331St and Parkland. Checking the area the vehicle was located on E 332St. The vehicle was observed going left of center several times and almost sideswiped a Laketran bus. Upon approach to the vehicle it was obvious the driver had been drinking and he admitted to doing so. The 55 year old male from Madison was arrested for suspicion of DUI and having a suspended license. He was processed and released to a family member on an unsecured bond. Score: .213., 12/23/12 0958hrs – On the naughty list was 25 year old David Baxley, one of four people that spent the holidays at our house. Mr. Baxley attempted to steal $56.44 worth of merchandise from Walmart. Once approached by Loss Prevention Agents he began to struggle and fight in an attempt to flee injuring one of the agents. An unknown customer came to their aid and was successful in restraining Baxley until EPD’s arrival. He was held without bond on a felony robbery charge., 12/21/12 1902hrs EFD and EFD responded to a working house fire on E 340St. One 54 year old male was transported to the hospital for smoke inhalation and minor burns and shortly after discharged himself. Cause of the fire is still under investigation., 12/21/12 2020hrs a 49 year old female from Warrensville was arrested on theft and trespassing charges at Walmart. The female thief helped herself to misc clothing totaling $194.00. A gift card was confiscated from her also for $211.94 that she obtained by returning stolen merchandise earlier. She also has a failure to appear for a theft charge with Bedford PD. She is being held on $3500/10% and if/when bond is met will be transported to Bedford PD to face her charges with their court., 12/21/12 0117hrs Officers responded an one car accident in front of the Radisson Hotel. An unoccupied vehicle was resting on the grass across from the south driveway with heavy front end damage. The tire tracks came from the south driveway of the Radisson, crossed left of center, drove off the left side of the roadway and struck a fire hydrant.  After striking the fire hydrant, it bounced off to its final rest approximately 15 feet southwest of the fire hydrant. The driver, a 27 year old female from Mentor was located inside the Radisson in the bar area with an alcoholic drink in front of her. She was taken into custody for leaving the scene of an accident and reckless operation. She was booked into EPD and held for bond., 12/20/12 1640hrs a 19 year old female from Willowick was arrested for shoplifting $238.87 worth of merchandise over the course of two days. The female attempted to return the stolen merchandise for cash, filling out the return form with her driver’s license information. Review of video by Loss Prevention showed the female concealing items, leaving the store only to return later in the day for the return. EPD contacted the female, she responded to EPD to turn herself in on the two theft charges. She is being held on $3500/10% bond., 12/20/12 1348hrs report of an adult male shoplifter in custody at Drug Mart that fled from security while being processed in the store. The male, a 20 year old out of Willowick, was apprehended shortly after by EPD. He was charged with disorderly conduct and held on a court set bond of $2000/10%. Drug Mart declined to prosecute for the $5.28 theft of Little Debbie’s Christmas tree snacks., 12/20/12 just a reminder - in the event we see the snow the weather reporters are predicting, keep in mind the City of Eastlake does have a parking ordinance in place banning parking in the roadway if it snows two or more inches. Also, specfic questions regarding snow removal should be referred to the service department. This page is not monitored 24/7., In regards to all of the questions and concerns about threats made about violence in our schools.  We have and will continue to look into every specific threat that we are made aware of.  We will take appropriate action against the person if one is identified.  We have taken extra precautions during the remainder of the week at each school to ensure the highest degree of safety for all of our children.     Chief Reik, 12/18/12 0740hrs - many of you are asking about the accident that occurred in front of NHS this morning: a vehicle was traveling W/B on Stevens as a student was crossing Stevens from the corner of E 337St in the crosswalk. The vehicle did not see the student nor did the student see the vehicle due to wearing earplugs and having a hoodie pulled over her face due to the rain. The student walked into the front fender (driverside) of the vehicle then fell off the front of the car to the ground. This was verified by witness statements. The driver of the vehicle was issued a citation for driver inattention. (The student was in the crosswalk as stated above.), There has been a large response to this post within the last hour. Due to the volume of calls we are now at out capacity and cannot take anymore names. If you have not received a return call please be patient, you will receive a call back in the order in which it came in. 
12/18/12 The Community Christmas Program :
Christmas Help is still available for families in need of Christmas Gifts for their children:
Call Victim Assistance at 440-975-4252 to set up an appointment
Last pick up will be available only Thursday (12/20/12) 8am-5pm Thank-you, 12/18/12 The Community Christmas Program :
Christmas Help is still available for families in need of Christmas Gifts for their children:
Call Victim Assistance at 440-975-4252 to set up an appointment
Last pick up will be available only Thursday (12/20/12) 8am-5pm  Thank-you, The narrative on the photos below should have read:
On Dec 16th 2012 at 5:08pm a City of Eastlake Police cruiser was
involved in a traffic accident on N. Marginal in Willowick while
responding to an emergency call for service.
The cruiser was travelling E/B on N Marginal with it's emergency
lights and siren activated and struck a vehicle pulling off of Bayridge
...Blvd which pulled in front of the cruisers path. The vehicle made the
left hand turn and then went left of center in a possible attempt to avoid the collision.
Both vehicles were heavily damaged and the police officer, a 13 year
veteran, was transported to Lake County West were he received treatment
for minor injuries and released. The driver of the other vehicle, a 31
year old Willowick resident and his 7 year old son, were not treated or
transported for any injuries.
Willowick police department conducted the accident investigation and
cited the Willowick male for failure to yield when turning left.See More— Untitled Album (2 photos), 12/15/12 1809hrs report taken for a hit/skip on Valley Creek. The witness/vehicle owner heard a loud bang and observed a dark colored vehicle (sedan) stopped in front of their residence. The driver of the suspect vehicle, described as a heavy set white male, got out of his vehicle, looked at the damaged vehicles and fled the area. The suspect vehicle should have heavy right front end damage. Anyone with information is asked to call EPD., To the parents of the W/E school district
 
The police chiefs of the Willoughby Eastlake school district would like to address security concerns after the tragic events in Connecticut. We have and will continue to work closely with the district to stay familiar and trained within the buildings on campuses within our jurisdictions.
We have officers in some of the schools on a permanent basis and we will continue to conduct lock down drills and work with each school's administration to address all safety concerns. We ask that you discuss the importance of these drills with your children and to bring any issues to our attention as soon as possible.
Our hearts go out to the families in Connecticut and we will continue to do all that is within our power to keep this district as safe as possible.  Please feel free to contact us with comments, questions or concerns.
 
> Chief Larry Reik            Chief Jack Beckwith       Chief Mike Lazor
 > EastLake PD                 Willoughby PD             Willowick PD
> 440 951-1400                440 951-1234              440 585-1234, By News-Herald staff
Editor@News-Herald.com
@NHCrimeandFire

Two family dogs died Sunday when a fire blazed through a kitchen of a home in Eastlake.

No people were injured at the home at 610 E. 331 St., Eastlake Fire Chief Ted Whittington said at the scene.

Firefighters gave the two pets CPR and oxygen, but it wasn’t enough to save them, he said.

“All of our firefighters have basic understanding of resuscitating animals,” Whittington said., 12/16/12 PLEASE keep your vehicles secured. Several unlocked vehicles were gone through at Dover Apts. Some residents lost presents they had stored in their trunks. Report any suspicious activity/person you observe., 12/14, 15, 16/12 Four shoplifters apprended at Walmart, one from Drug Mart. Drug Mart - 48 year old Willowick male $9.99, he had an outstanding felony warrant from Willoughby Pd and not charged for the theft due to lack of evidence. Walmart - 24 year old male from Madison Twp $149.88 - red bull and beer, 40 year old female from Painesville $222.26 vacuum cleaner and household items, lastly a duo from Cleveland 48 year old female and 55 year old male $464.68 video games. This duo recently was arrrested at the Steelyards Walmart also., 12/14/12 2042hrs officers were dispatched to Walmart for a vehicle that had two unattended small children inside. On scene the children were identified as a six year old and one year old who were sitting in the back seat of the vehicle. The younger child was crying and being held by the older child. A short while later a female exited the store and was identified as the 33 year old mother of the children. Through time stamped video it was determined the children were left in the vehicle unattended for 31 minutes with the temperature outside being 34 degrees. The female from Euclid was taken into custody on two counts of child endangering. The children were turned over to a relative., 12/14/12 EFD responded to the Chagrin River Yacht Club for a boat fire. Entry was made through the shrink wrap of the 29' Sea Ray where the active fire was located. The fire investigative unit is investigating., There has been some talk about a lock down at Eastlake Middle School on  Friday Dec 14th.  I spoke with the school today and was working on Friday.  There is no truth to this rumor of any lockdown on Friday in Eastlake.  Chief Reik, EPD's thoughts and prayers are with the first responders, victims and families in Newtown, Conn., 12/13/12 1209hrs EFD,EPD along with WFD responded to a residence on Lakeshore in Lakeline for a report of a home filled with smoke. On arrival the occupant of the home was removed from the structure. Burning food in the oven as well as on top of the stove was found to be the source of the smoke., 12/13/12 0352hrs a truck traveling on Stevens Blvd near Willowick Dr was stopped after it was observed making an extremely wide turn and going left of center. The driver was approached and after speaking the male he was asked to step out of his vehicle for sobriety tests. When he exited his vehicle his marijuana pipe fell out of the vehicle. The male, 45 year old resident Joseph Bucary, failed field sobriety tests and was taken into custody for felony DUI, possession of drug paraphernalia and driving under suspension and other traffic violations. He refused a breath test and was transported to Lake West for a blood draw to determine the alcohol and/or drug levels in his system. If convicted this will be Bucary’s second felony DUI. Bucary is being held on a $10,000 cash or surety bond., null, On 12/01/12 a breaking and entering report was taken at Little Ceasar’s Pizza, 33419 Vine St. Below are still photos from the surveillance video just obtained. We are looking for information on the male wearing the red jacket. If you have any information please contact EPD. 440-951-1400, 12/11/12 1245hrs Eastlake units were dispatched to Mannering for a domestic disturbance.  The homeowner stated that his brother was intoxicated and becoming belligerent after a verbal argument inside the home. Upon arrival to the scene, two adult males laying on one another in the driveway. Officers shouted for the males to separate and as officers approached one stood up and began to walk away, when he was kicked in the face by the male on the ground.  The male on the ground, a 23 year old male from Newburgh, Ohio.  The two brothers were out for breakfast and a few drinks after a third shift of working.  The 23 year old began drinking a little heavier and became very intoxicated. They returned to Mannering where the male could sleep off the drinks. 
After a few hours of sleep the 23 year old became belligerent and argumentative. He first head butted the television then the two began struggling. He was transported to EPD and booked in on domestic violence charges., By News-Herald staff
Editor@News-Herald.com
@NHCrimeandFire

An Eastlake man was arraigned Monday in Willoughby Municipal Court, charged with assaulting an Eastlake police patrolman.

According to court records, Richard R. Hupp, 45, of 1490 E. 337th St., Unit 202-D, is accused of committing the crime Sunday. In addition to first-degree felony assault, Hupp faces a pair of misdemeanor domestic violence counts and a resisting arrest charge.

Assigned Judge Larry Allen set a personal recognizance bond on the condition Hupp have no contact with the alleged victim while he awaits a Dec. 18 preliminary hearing.

If convicted on the felony count, Hupp could spend up to 11 years in prison., 12/09/12 1458 EPD and EFD responded to the Dollar General parking lot for a male that was struck by a vehicle.  Upon arrival officers spoke with an 88 year old resident who stated that she was pulling forward out of her parking spot and struck a male who she didn't see because he was bent over in front of her car.  The male stated he observed a cell phone on the ground and bent over to pick it up when he was struck by the vehicle. He was later transported for minor leg and ankle injuries to Lake West. (Before faulting the age of the operator of the vehicle, it should be noted she has an impeccable driving record), 12/09/12 0317hrs disturbance on Brookdale. A 22 year old highly intoxicated female was dropped off at home by a friend and her car keys were given to her father by the friend. The father could not control his daughter who was insisting she wanted her keys so she could leave. Once on scene the female continued to be disorderly and was warned if her behavior didn't cease she would go to jail - her reply was "take me to jail, I don't give a ****." She was cited and held at EPD until sober., The Protect and Serve Tavern
Officers from all over Lake County volunteered their time this weekend at the Great Lakes Mall serving free snacks and nonalcoholic beverages (recipes included) to promote a safe holiday season., 12/07/12 2244hrs officers responded to a disturbance on E 348St between a girlfriend/boyfriend. Both persons had been drinking and the female asked for the male to be removed from the home. EPD transported the male to EPD's lobby where a family member was called to pick him up. The male decided not to wait for a ride, left the lobby and was located running S/B on SR 91.  The 38 year old male was returned to EPD, charged with disorderly intoxication and held until sober., 12/07/12 EPD responded to Willowick Dr on the report of a theft of money from a purse. A 16 year old male was arrested at the scene for the felony theft from his Grandmother. The money was recovered from a hiding place and returned to the victim., Reference the album posted below: EPD will be auctioning off the following vehicle: 2007 Chrysler 300, 2005 Ford Crown Victoria, two (2) 2008 Crown Victoria’s and two (2) 2001 Chevy Impala’s on the website Ebay.com. The start date of the auction will be 12/17/12 and will run for five (5) days. Search Ebay.com by clicking the advance search tab, click by seller and enter epdauctions.
Contact Ptl. Louis Formick with any questions at lformick@eastlakepd.org., 12/06/12 1801hrs EPD responded on a three car injury accident at the intersection of Lakeland Bl and E 337St. On arrival two vehicles were in the intersection and one vehicle was facing W/B in the grassy area of Lakeland. In speaking with the drivers they advised they were initially E/B on Lakeland  approaching E 337St waiting to make a left hand turn onto E 337St to travel N/B and both were at a complete stop. One vehicle was struck from behind by a vehicle pushing it into the second vehicle, causing minor injuries to that driver.  A witness watched as the vehicle at fault backed up, turned around on Lakeland attempting to head W/B. However as it began to travel the driver left the right side of the road, travelled up onto the curve, onto the grass and she then drove through the fence that was located on the north side of Lakeland. Directly outside of the driver’s door was an empty ½ gallon of Vodka. The 26 year old female resident was arrested for DUI and assuring clear distance.  It was also learned she has an upcoming court date in Euclid Muni for a DUI charge. Score .182, Eastlake PD's Facebook page helps solve Mentor robbery ... http://mentor.patch.com/articles/police-security-guard-recognizes-mentor-man-as-robber-when-he-sees-photo-on-facebook
Police: Security Guard Recognizes Mentor Man As Robber When He Sees Photo On Facebook 
mentor.patch.com, 12/05/12 In reference to the vehicles that were entered overnight on E 337St, Jakse Dr, Stevens Bl and Willowick Dr, it is believed that all vehicles that were entered were unlocked at the time. Some of the stolen property was located by Police and was returned to the rightful owners. Please remember to lock your vehicles and hide any valuables that may be inside. Exterior lighting is also a deterrent for thefts. If you hear or see anything please call us immediately.  Investigation is continuing, 12/05/12 0101hrs officer on patrol on Reeves Rd in marked patrol unit observed a vehicle approaching from behind traveling at a fast speed. As the vehicle neared the cruiser the driver passed the cruiser driving over the double yellow marked pavement lines. The vehicle was stopped and shortly after the driver, a 27 year old male from Willoughby was arrested for OVI and passing left of center., 12/04/12 1629hrs EPD were called to Waverly for a verbal only domestic between a father and son over Christmas decorations. After speaking with parties involved it was decided the 26 year old son would leave the residence for a while and they would try later to put the Christmas tree and decorations up., 12/04/12 1412hrs EPD responded to Sunoco on Vine for a reported theft of money that was discovered during an audit of the station. Nearly $3,000 was missing from the ATM machine along with shortages in the cash drawers.  An employee who was working during the audit readily admitted to taking the money over a period of time. Teresa Valdez, 41 from Perry was taken into custody on felony theft charges and held until court arraignment., 12/05/12 overnight several cars were entered and items removed. More will be posted later today - Presently we are looking for the owner of a pool cue. If you are missing one from your vehicle call EPD 440-951-1400., Mentor PD is asking for assistance in identifying the male pictured. If you have any information they can be contacted at 440-255-1234, By Max Reinhart
MReinhart@News-Herald.com
@mreinhartnh

Just over a year ago, police officers from multiple Lake County communities banded to form the Lake Regional Traffic Crash Reconstruction Unit.

Under the guidance of Eastlake Police Lt. Robert Gonzalez, the new team was assembled to investigate serious and fatal crashes as well as those involving pedestrians, public safety vehicles, motorcycles or commercial vehicles.

But Gonzalez said the real goal is being able to provide some closure for family members of crash victims.

“We want to be able to answer any questions the family has,” Gonzalez said.

The unit was originally comprised of officers from Eastlake, Kirtland Hills, Waite Hill, Wickliffe, Willoughby Hills and Willowick. In March, Mentor joined that list.

The addition of Mentor paid immediate dividends as the department purchased new electronic mapping tools worth more than $10,000 to better reconstruct high-impact crashes.

“When you’re able to have something like that for crash investigation it’s phenomenal,” Gonzalez said.

Now, two more Lake County communities are in talks to join the unit, though Gonzalez declined to name them until their membership is official.

Officers involved in the unit report to a crash only if and when their municipal responsibilities allow them to do so. Gonzalez said participating communities have benefitted from the new team.

“Each investigator has a certain level of knowledge and we all have experience in different areas,” he said. “When you bring that all together as a unit, we can do a better investigation of a crash than if any one of us did it alone.”  Looking back at year one, Gonzalez said LakeCRU investigated nine serious or fatal crashes, or about one every six weeks.

The unit acts in an advisory role to the home agency and does not have the ability to make arrests. Even so, Gonzalez said the team’s legal power is evident when called to testify in court.

“For the jury to be able to physically see how the crash occurred, I think it makes it easier for them to understand,” he said.

LakeCRU is indicative of a growing national trend.

A 2011 report by the Major Cities Chiefs Association found that 70 percent of the country’s largest police forces were in some way combining or consolidating emergency services.

In another portion of the county, the Lake County East Council of Governments recently came into existence in order to help fire departments in the towns of Madison, Perry, Painesville, Fairport Harbor, Grand River and Concord, Leroy, Madison, Painesville and Perry townships to purchase new, updated equipment that each of the departments can use.

Council Chairman Paul Malchesky said necessary items like a ladder truck and an air truck — which refills firefighters’ oxygen tanks — are the type of tools the council is looking to buy.

“These are things that no department needs all the time, but that they all need every so often,” he said.

Malchesky added that the council is also seeking funding sources that would otherwise be unavailable to the individual departments.

“We’re also able to apply together for grants for studies or other matters,” he said., 12/01/12 1736hrs a 25 year old Mentor man was detained by EPD and LPO at Walmart when the male was caught fraudulently returning batteries and computer ink he had just stolen from the store. Additional merchandise found on his person, razors and nicorette gum, were stolen from the Mentor Walmart. The male was arrested for petty theft, processed and released on bond. Total theft amount was $173.70., 12/01/12 0746hrs EPD responded to the area of E 346ST just south of Glen for a fire hydrant in the road. The hydrant was located on the curb in front of a residence. There were vehicle tracks in the tree lawn and an oil trail from vehicle. The trail was followed around several streets leading to the suspect vehicle with a large indentation on the front passenger side which matches the fire hydrant. The front driver side tire was blown out with damaged rim and both front air bags deployed. The vehicle was towed from the scene for evidence. The vehicle owner eventually was located and responded to EPD. The 24 year old male from Willowick advised the accident occurred around 0330hrs when he lost control of his vehicle because “something was wrong with it.”  He was cited for hit skip and reckless operation., 12/01/12 beginning at 0108hrs this date we have taken several reports of criminal damage to Christmas decorations in the Surfside area. We are continuing to find out who is responsible and will keep you updated as information becomes available., 12/01/12 0158hrs EPD was dispatched to Walmart for a red vehicle that had struck a handicap pole then left towards the south side of the building.  While in route dispatch advised of an altercation occurring behind the Captain's Club. At the Captain’s Club a male had been kicked out of the bar for allegedly bringing alcohol into the bar and smoking in the ladies room. After the male was ejected from the bar he broke out the manager’s car window then fled the area to Walmart where he struck the pole. The bloody male was located inside Walmart’s men’s room bandaging his injuries with bandages he purchased at Walmart.  The 30 year old male from Eastlake was arrested for OVI and Criminal Damage. He was transported to EPD, processed and released on an UAB to a sober family member due to the nature of his injuries and his refusal to get treatment., Eastlake Police Department says farewell to longtime officers Frank Bergant, Rich Greer
Friday, November 30, 2012

By Matthew Skrajner
MSkrajner@News-Herald.com
@MattNewsHerald

The ties between two Eastlake Police officers go back even before they first met.

Former detective Frank Bergant and former patrolman Rich Greer, who both now go by the title special patrolman, were both military men, with Greer spending four years in the Air Force and Bergant three years with the Navy.

While not knowing Greer himself, Bergant was told about the Eastlake police test by Greer’s brother in 1987. Greer had been on since 1983 after working in Perry Village and Fairport Harbor.

Each also won officer of the year in Eastlake, an award voted on by their peers.

Now both men are set to enjoy retirement after more than 50 years of combined service.

Even with all these similarities, their specialties on the job were much different.

Greer said growing up he always knew that he wanted to be a police officer, even disregarding a high school vocational test that gauged what careers one should consider.

“I was the least likely cut out for nursing and police work,” he said with a laugh.

While he never thought twice about becoming an officer, Greer said the less often discussed realities of the job never got easy.

“Three of my first four days on the job I was on a dead body call,” he recalled. “They don’t really warn you about that in the academy.”

Greer prided himself in traffic enforcement, leading the department in DUI arrests in the majority of his years on the job. He was also a K9 handler from 1997 to 2006.

“I’ll miss the excitement, getting drunks off the road,” said Greer, whose last day was Aug. 11. “They kill people, they injure people, they demolish vehicles, it’s just infuriating. And they tend to get away with it.”

Bergant, on the other hand, wasn’t always so gung-ho about the job.

“My first month on, I almost walked away from the job because it was hard for me to write tickets and arrest people,” he said. “But my training officer talked me into it by just saying, ‘Look, give it six months. The job changes and you’re doing it for a reason.’”

Serving as a detective for nearly 16 years, Bergant preferred the investigation part of the job.

“Taking a case, helping the guys out and working it through. That’s the part I loved about it,” said Bergant, whose last official day was Oct. 6.

Eastlake Police Chief Larry Reik praised Bergant’s persistence as an investigator, saying his personality was the perfect match for the detective job.

“He dug and dug and dug until he found the answers,” Reik said.

He also cited Bergant’s honesty.

“If I asked him for advice, he’s not going to look to tell me what I want to hear, he’d tell me what he thought,” said Reik.

Greer was the “go-to guy” for the fine details of the police force, even for supervisors, the chief said.

“The guy knew everything about every law,” he said.

Greer also gave full effort during every shift, even handing out a traffic ticket with just over an hour left on his final day, Reik said.

Even in their retirements, the two still gave back to the department, the chief said.

“Since the inception of DROP (deferred retirement option plan), they’re the first two that I can remember to leave some substantial amounts of money on the table,” he said.

But by retiring earlier than they originally planned, Eastlake was able to bring back two officers who were recently laid off due to budget constraints, said Reik.

“It really shows their dedication to the force and the camaraderie that comes along with this job.”

Greer and Bergant said they have enough retirement money to support themselves, so they believed it was the right thing to do to help save others’ jobs.

“And I haven’t regretted it one bit since,” Greer said., This photo was originally posted by EPD on 11/20/12. The female has since been identified as 25 year old Monique Jenkins of Willoughby Hills. Ms Jenkins was arrested on 11/29/12 on felony forgery charges as well as theft., 11/29/12 1200hrs - back in July a resident paid a contractor to repair cracks in the driveway and garage. The contractor never returned to perform the work. He was contacted by EPD to return the money and the push broom he took from the resident but failed to do so. On 11/29/12 the 41 year old male from Concord was arrested for theft and held on $3500 bond. He was also arrested on a Probation Violation issued through WMC and held on an additional bond of $5000., 11/29/12 0748hrs EPD responded to Surfside Apts for a report of a hit skip accident. On scene heavy damage to the passenger side rear bumper of a 2008 Chevy was observed. The car was struck with such a force that it pushed her car out of the parking spot into a second vehicle, a 1992 Ford. The force of the accident almost pushed the Ford into a third car. A temporary driver’s license, belonging to the driver at fault, was left on one of the vehicles. While speaking with a witness the male who caused the accident came back to the scene. He advised he was traveling in the parking lot at about 10 mph and a cat or a squirrel ran out in front of his car. He jerked the steering wheel to the right striking the car and causing the accident. The 51 year old male was cited for failure to control., Cop becomes online hero with simple, heartwarming act caught on camera (http://now.msn.com/cop-becomes-hero-after-giving-boots-to-homeless-man#scptmd), 11/27/12 0015hrs noise/loud music complaint at Dover Place Apts. The resident was advised to keep the music down. At 0104hrs the complainant called again stating she could still hear the music. Officers responded this time issuing a citation to the 24 year old male Glee TV show enthusiast., 11/26/12 1430hrs an employee from Valu-King reported a male acting suspiciously in the store. The male was carrying a cooler in and out of the isles and into the bathroom. Officers identifed the 51 year old male from Wiilowick who stated he was entering the bathroom to drink chocolate milk. At the request of management the male was banned from the store., 11/25/12 2107hrs fight night continues - On E 342St Officers were called for an assault on a 22 year old female who had fled the residence to a neighbor’s home. According to the female, while getting to know her boyfriend better, he suddenly punched her in the head and sides several times.  Once she fled the residence he threw the rest of her clothing in the front yard. Officers spoke to the accused 41 year old male who admittedly was intoxicated. He was taken into custody for assault and incarcerated until bond could be met or court appearance., 11/24/12 1643hrs a 24 year old male from Cleveland and a 19 year old female from Euclid  meet on line and decide to go to Walmart with each other.  The female entered the store. While in the parking lot the male, according to his account, finds out the female is actually a male. He gets angry and places her purse and jacket outside of his car and leaves the area. The female returns to the parking lot and realizes the male is gone and calls EPD for a theft report. On video, another random male, also from Euclid, in the parking lot retrieves the coat and purse from where is was discarded and leaves after picking up a passenger. Invest to continue., 11/24/12 2034hrs report of a female hitchhiking on Vine St. The 49 year old female when approached by an Officer growled at him. When asked what her name was she provided a single nickname she had for herself, said she was a “Superstar” and also provided a Cleveland address. The female was soon arrested as it was evident she was intoxicated. She also received citations for hitchhiking, possession of marijuana and paraphernalia. The following evening 11/25/12 at 1751hrs EPD received a call from Lakeland Blvd of an intoxicated female attempting to jump into customers cars at Sneaky Pete’s. The same female was again arrested as it was again evident she was highly intoxicated. She was held until sober and given a court date., Eastlake collecting toys, donations for Community Christmas
Published: Monday, November 26, 2012

News-Herald staff
Editor@News-Herald.com
@newsheraldinoh

Continuing a tradition started six years ago, safety and government groups are pulling together to give struggling families a helping hand during the holidays.

Eastlake Community Christmas 2012 — sponsored by the Eastlake Police and Fire Departments, the Police Athletic League and city employees — will take place at the Eastlake Walmart on Saturday. Volunteers will be collecting donations and new toys from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Last year, the city was able to give more than 100 children new toys, bicycles and stocking stuffers. The community Christmas also was able to give 30 families a full ham or turkey dinner, organizers said.

Eastlake dispatcher Amanda Royko and victims advocate Christine Gibaldi spoke about the program at the City Council meeting Nov. 13. They invited all the City Council members to attend, which the Council does every year.

As of that meeting, 42 children had been signed up for gifts, Gibaldi said. Organizers are anticipating having more than the 118 kids who participated last year.

"We do accept toy donations as well as monetary donations at the police department," Royko said. "What is really special about (Saturday) is that we can all kind of come together in one place at one time to show the community that we can all come together in support of this Community Christmas event."

Those who cannot attend can drop donations at the Eastlake Police Department, 35150 Lakeshore Blvd. Checks can be made out to EastlakePAL.

Donations will be accepted until Dec. 12., 11/22/12 2114hrs these two males made it through the family dinner but not so much the after dinner visiting. Two males, 29 and 30 years old began arguing about past issues between the two of them and began fist fighting on E 359St. The fight moved from the home into the street. Even after Officers arrival the two verbally tried to incite each other.  They were both arrested for disorderly intoxication and held at EPD until sober., 11/22/12 1704hrs Officers responded to Plymouth Rd on the complaint of a domestic violence situation. A 40 year old male was arrested on two counts of domestic violence, resisting arrest and disorderly intoxication.  The family advised the male had been drinking most of the day and fell asleep.  When he woke up he became hostile towards family members that failed to wake him for Thanksgiving Dinner. He was held without bond until arraignment today., 11/21/12 2151hrs officers were called to Walmart for a disturbance in the parking lot between a male and female. The male half drove away during the witnesses call to EPD. The male's vehicle was located while officers were responding. According to both parties this was a verbal only altercation. The 28 year old male was subsequently arrested for driving under suspension - his third arrest for this violation within a years time., On 11/17/12 at 2141hrs male individuals beat then robbed a 16 year old male who was walking home from work. One of the males punched the victim a few times then held him up against a wall while two other suspects went through his pockets and took his wallet and cell phone. All suspects then fled the scene. On 11/21/12 a 16 year old juvenile along with 18 year old Joseph Mele from Willowick were arrested and charged with Robbery and assault for their roles in this incident., There is no truth to the reports of a stabbing at Wal Mart.  There was one small altercation with pushing and shoving but nothing more.  The vast majority of people who did their shopping were well behaved.  Chief Reik, To you and yours - a safe and happy holiday., GREAT JOB WPD
http://www.newsnet5.com/dpp/news/local_news/oh_lake/suspected-house-burglar-caught-in-the-act-in-willoughby
Suspected house burglar caught in the act in Willoughby 
www.newsnet5.com, Here is a second view of the female:, EPD is seeking the identity of the pictured female for questioning on passing/forging bad checks. This is the best picture we have of the suspect. If you think you know her identity contact EPD or send private message, Three neighbors on Woodstock turned themselves in on probable cause disorderly warrants. The neighbors 49, 47 and 61 years of age, despite numerous visits by EPD, just can't seem to get along. Warrants were issued by the Judge for court intervention., 11/19/12 2255hrs Hungry thieves ordered a large stuffed cheese, sausage and pepperoni pizza, a large stuffed cheese and pepperoni pizza, bread stix and two litters of Sieramist pop asking for delivery to an address on the Perry.  Once the delivery driver arrived the two males, who were standing outside, took the food and beverages from the driver and fled on foot.  Investigation is continuing., 11/18/12 1957hrs Eastlake units were dispatched to the area of Stevens and Center for a vehicle that loss control and ran off the roadway striking the fire hydrant and stop sign on the northwest corner of Center and fled the scene. It was determined by evidence collection that the suspect vehicle is a maroon Ford Fusion between the years of 2006 and 2008. The damage to the suspect vehicle will be passenger front bumper area and passenger side of the vehicle. If you have any information contact EPD 951-1400, There will be no Monday night Domestic Violence Support Group now through January. Tentative start date will be January 14, 2013 at 6:30pm.  If there are any questions or if you need assistance a Victim Advocate can still be reached for support or to answer questions at 440-975-4252., 11/17/12 0940hrs EPD was called for a noise disturbance at Dover Place Apts. On arrival extremely loud music was playing behind the complex. The resident, who was intoxicated, was advised of the complaint. EPD responded back to the complex for a neighbor dispute involving this same male. The 41 year old was taken into custody for disorderly intoxication. He advised he had been drinking since 9pm the previous date., 11/17/12 0444hrs Units responded to the 800 block of E 346St on the report of a resident observing a male crouching down near the residents truck in the driveway. The male had left the area after being confronted by the homeowner. The vehicle had been entered and a pack of cigarettes was missing. A few houses down officers located a moped leaning against a tree. Units checked for open garages and were able to return the stolen moped. Soon after the 46 year old male from Wickliffe was located by officers and taken into custody for misdemeanor charges of theft from vehicle, unauthorzied use of a vehicle, an active warrant through Wickliffe PD along with driving under suspension and ficticious plates. He was able to post bond at both departments., null, 11/16/12 1128hrs EPD responded to the 36900 block of Lakeshore Blvd for an attempted burglary report. Person(s) unknown attempted to gain entry through a kitchen window but were unsuccessful. Investigation is continuing., 11/16/12 0216hrs Eastlake units responded to the Final Score bar on a report of an altercation.  Two of the involved parties were advised to walk home and not return.  They complied at first then crossed the street and entered the Eastlake Tavern. Units responded to the Tavern and advised both to go home or to jail.  They walked home. Approximately 20 mins later both were back at the Tavern. The 24 year old male from Cleveland along with his 22 year old girlfriend (resident) were taken into custody, cited and held until sober., 11/15/12 1120hrs EPD responded to the high school on the report of a juvenile being unruly which resulted in the arrest of 14 year old female for felonious assault. The student scratched and choked a teacher who was attempting to issue the student a detention slip. She was processed and released to a parent until court appearance at Juvenile Court., 11/15/12 EPD responded to a breaking and entering complaint of a business located in the 34500 block of Lakeland Bl. The building was entered and several safes broken into. Investigation continuing., null, Contact Willoughby PD If you can identify this male. You can call them at 440 953 4212 
Tye Dye Sky in Willoughby robbed, Volunteers are needed to help take down the flags at the Boulevard of Flags (35150 Lakeshore Blvd) on Saturday, November 17th. If you would like to help, please report to the back parking lot between 8:30 and 9:00am.  Bring a pair of work gloves and help the Boulevard ready for winter., 11/13/12 A 40 year old male from Euclid was arrested on misdemeanor probable cause warrant for indecent exposure. On 10/16 1830hrs while in a vehicle parked in the Vineyards the male exposed himself to a 61 year old female that was loading her purchases into her vehicle. The male drove to a different area of the parking lot and was also seen on video surveillance attempting to gain the attention of two other females that were loading purchases into their vehicle. He was arraigned and is still incarcerated in lieu of court set bond., Imagine if more judges were giving out sentences like this Cleveland driver received. Hardin, below, drove onto a sidewalk to pass a school bus dropping off kids, http://www.lawofficer.com/article/news/cleveland-woman-hold-idiot-sig, 11/12/12 0853hrs officer responded to a business on Curtis BL for a report of a stolen air conditioner unit. Sometime after 3:00pm Friday to Sunday morning the commercial grade AC unit was stolen from the south east corner of the business. Replacement value of the AC unit is approximately $6000.00., The 1400 number is currently down. Please use 1401, 1402, 1403, or the 1404 number
Thank you., 11/10/12 0605hrs a senseless act of vandalism – a pumpkin was thrown through a windshield of a vehicle parked at a residence on Parkway sometime over night causing approximately $500 worth of damage., 11/0912 2355hrs an argument over a stolen cell phone from Manny's bar lands one 27 year old male from Warrensville Hts in the ER . A 26 year old male resident was accused of stealing a cell phone from the bar. The accused and phone owner exchanged words in the parking lot over the phone. The 26 year old reentered the bar and began a pushing and shoving match with several other patrons. Other parties at the bar attempted to break up the fighting and according to witness statements; the 26 year old picked up a beer bottle and struck the 27 year old in the head - who was also attempting to intervene during the scuffle - causing a laceration to his forehead. The male was arrested on assault charges and released on bond., Compass Line shared from LCSO
Depressed? Overwhelmed? Drinking too much? Family violence? Drug abuse?
THE COMPASS LINE: Helping you find the right direction.

Call 440-918-2000 OR 440-350-2000. You can also email to compassline@lakeadamhs.org. This new service, offered by the Lake County ADAMHS (Alcohol, Drug Addiction and Mental Health Services) Board, will give you all the up-to-date information you need to get connected to mental health and/or addiction services in Lake County., Help Mentor PD to ID the two males in the video or possibly their vehicle. A wallet was stolen then the card was used at Walmart and Sheetz earlier this month. Please refer tips to 440 255 1234 reference report #12-22393. Thank You., As a reminder - City Ordinaces does not permit the burning of leaves in Eastlake. We have had to respond to numerous complaints of this nature in the past week. Leaves can be placed by the curb for pick up. This year, leaf collection falls November 5 through November 30, depending on whether you live in Ward 1, 2, 3 or 4. Please check the schedule to determine when crews will be on your street, and for other important information about what materials will be collected, etc.
 www.eastlakeohio.com/departments/service/index.php - follow this link to see when your area is scheduled for pick up., ANNUAL VETERANS DAY CEREMONY
NOVEMBER 11, 2012  11:00AM
The Eastlake Veterans of Foreign Wars Post #3863 and the Willowick-Eastlake American Legion Post #678 will hold their annual ceremony on Sunday at the Gazebo of the Boulevard of Flags. They extend an invitation to everyone who wishes to attend., 11/06/12 A 43 year old male from Timberlake was arrested for an assault that occurred at the Circle Lounge on Sunday afternoon. The 33 year old victim advised he was challenged to a hotdog eating contest by the male and the two began "battering bar talk". The conversation became more heated and the victim was jabbed with a fist to the face. (All captured on video.) Investigation continues for additional charges against the Timberlake resident., 11/06/12 1553hrs EPD was dispatched to E 349St for a report of downed wires caused by a truck that had left the area. On scene the power line, cable line and telephone line was observed to be ripped from the house. The front fascia board was torn off the house and lying in the driveway. The electrical meter was also torn from the house and hanging. The homeowner advised the driver got out of the truck, saw wires down and told the homeowner “sorry” while speaking on the phone - then left. The road was blocked off and CEI, the Fire Marshal, cable and phone companies were notified. Officer contacted the trucking company who in turn advised the driver notified them of the damage but was told to continue with his deliveries. The driver responded to EPD as requested and provided insurance information for the homeowner to pay for damages., 11/05/12 1523hrs trespassing complaint at Brick Hill Farm. Caller reported a vehicle came up the driveway passing the "No Trespassing" signs and kept going. On arrival Officer spoke to the males, who now had their vehicle stuck in manure. They advised they lost their dog and were looking for it. When they tried to turn around they got stuck. They were advised about the trespassing and sent on their way., 11/04/12 1924hrs an Aux. Officer was on St Lawrence with overhead lights activated on the cruiser for trick or treaters. A vehicle made a left hand turn onto St Lawrence cutting off the officer. When the vehicle was approached there was an obvious odor of marijuna in the vehicle. The three male juveniles were given citations for possession of marijuana after turning over what they had left over. They were released to their parents. They will be referred to the diversion program in lieu of court appearance., Kelly Whelan wrote:
Good Evening,

REMINDING THE MOTORING PUBLIC THAT DROWSY DRIVING CAN BE AS DANGEROUS AS DRUNK DRIVING.

My niece, Lexi and her mom were in a serious accident in February 2012 caused by a driver who FELL ASLEEP and hit their car head on. Lexi was critically injured and only by the grace of God, the skill and speed of the Washington County, MD first responders, the Maryland State Police MedEvac Life Flight, and the incredible abilities of surgeons and nurses at R. Adams Crowley Shock Trauma in Baltimore, is Lexi with us today.

Lexi Jarman and her mom Lauren started a Facebook page and awareness effort to increase attention on the dangers of driving when drowsy or sleep deprived. The page is: http://www.facebook.com/LexJarmanThink. Please check it out and "LIKE" the page. Lexi may not be from your area, but what happened to her can happen to your daughter, niece, brother, mom, dad, grandma, grandpa, son, nephew, cousin, sister, friend...it can happen to ANYONE.

IF possible, "LIKE" the page and PLEASE share the page on your Facebook page! Please also consider sharing and "liking" on your personal page. Be safe out there, THANK YOU and God Bless.

Think-Drowsy Driver, 11/03/12 1526hrs at the same time the helicopter was hovering over the construction site on Vine performing work on the roof EPD was at Walmart for two shoplifters in custody. A 23 year old male resident was taken into custody for the $581.20 theft of CD’s. His female accomplice was released without charges due to not having any merchandise in her possession. After taking the male into custody, a fight between females broke out in the infants section that continued into the menswear section. Neither of the combatants wished to pursue charges., 11/02/12 2213hrs report of a breaking and entering on Melinz. Two alien creatures were removed from a business, one of the creatures was bolted to the floor on a metal base. The owners believed a family member may be responsible. Officers responded to that residence and located the alien hanging out the rear of the vehicle. The creatures had been dismantled to remove them. They were returned to the rightful owner. Charges pending after prosecutor review., 11/02/12 1522hrs report taken for breaking and entering into a vacant rental home on Parkway. Suspect pried open a door and removed a refrigerator. It is unknown when the theft actually occured., 11/02/12 1450hrs EPD speaking with the electrical contractor on E 337St was advised the following:
E 337St should be completed sometime this evening - many areas should be restored with this project.
The traffic light at E 337St and Vine should be working sometime tis weekend
E 340St is still closed at the bend due to the downed wires on the tree –should be the next project
The traffic light at Waverly and Vine will remain out for the time being
That is all the information we were given, I know you all are frustrated but the workers are doing a great job putting the city back together if you look at the entire situation., For those participating:  Trick or Treat has been scheduled for Sunday, November 4 from 5 to 7 pm., "Reception Center for Storm Victims Moving to Willowick"

The Reception Center opened by the American Red Cross yesterday in the Village of Fairport Harbor for area residents has been closed & relocated.

Today the American Red Ross in conjunction with the City of Willowick opened a reception center for storm victims. The Willowick Reception Center will be at the "MANRY ACTIVITIES CENTER" located at 30100 ARNOLD DRIVE. The center opened at 12:30pm today & is staffed by American Red Cross Volunteers providing hot drinks, snacks, a place of warmth & power for re-charging cell phones. It will serve as a Reception Center only & will not provide overnight accommodations. It will be open from 8:00am to 8:00pm. 

Residents needing a ride to the Willowick Reception Center can call LAKETRAN at (440) 354-6100. There is no charge for the ride. Transportation will be on a first come, first serve basis., 11/02/12 47 year old Matthew Werfel was arrested on felony charges for violating a protection order placed on him by the courts on behalf of his victim.  The female complainant has been victimized by Werfel since 1999 when his string of arrests began for stalking, trespassing and other violations of protection orders. Once released from prison and/or jail he begins victimizing the female again. He is being held on $20,000 bond which has not been posted., Mentor Police Department is asking for your assistance in identifying the female pictured. She is wanted for questioning in passing fraudulent checks using a fraudulent drivers license. It appears this woman has a full sleeve tattoo on her right arm and is less than five feet tall. Anyone with information to her identity, contact Mentor Detective Bureau 974-5763 Ext. 2124
Willoughby Police also have interest in another case that involves this female. Willoughby Police 440-951-1234, Shared status from Mentor Police Department:
Traffic Alert for Saturday, 11-3-2012 between 10:00 am and 1:00 pm!
There will be some temporary road closures for President Barack Obama’s visit to Mentor on Saturday. The roads surrounding Mentor High School will be closed for a period of about 10 minutes during the President’s arrival and departure. The exact times and roads can not be posted at this time. Please expect traffic delays around the high school area on Saturday until the President departs., 11/01/12 0140hrs a resident at the Randall Terrace Apts woke up to banging/rattling noises in the building and a SUV with a loud muffler running in the parking lot. Looking out the window she noticed a male entering the SUV and called EPD to report the suspicious activity. Using a flashlight (due to the power outage) the resident looked into the laundry room and observed someone had pried open the coin slot on the washer. The vehicle was located by officers on Vine St and stopped. Branson Dombek, 29 years old from Willoughby Hills was positively identified by the witness. He was arrested charged with felony theft, (for having in his possession a coin operated washing machine from the apartment building), tampering with coin machines and criminal tools., Power has been restored on St Lawrence and teh cul de sacs, 10/31/12 1521hrs anyone who witnessed a hit-skip accident that occurred at E 347St and Stevens involving a silver Honda (victim) and a white vehicle please call EPD. 951-1400, http://outages.firstenergycorp.com/oh.html This link will give you an idea of progress First Engery is making in our area. Currently 1.908 residents in Eastlake are still currently without power., For those still without power the Eastlake Community Center will be opened this morning if anyone needs a warm place to go or to charge cell phones or laptops. Address - 600 E 349St, Shared from Willoughby Police Department  
10/31/12 - The Lake County Emergency Management Agency, in conjunction with the American Red Cross has opened an Emergency Shelter for residents of Lake County at the “Mentor Senior Center” located at 8484 Munson Road in Mentor, OH. Lake County residents who have no hear or electricity can go the shelter for warmth, a hot meal & a place to stay until power is returned to their home. No pets are permitted.

Any resident who does not have transportation & needs a ride to the emergency shelter can call Laketran at (44) 354-6100. Laketran will provide transportation at no charge on a first come, first serve basis., 10/30/12 1605hrs EPD was assisted by a resident’s canine for apprehending 22 year old Timothy Drenski who had just stolen an elderly female’s purse from Lucky Charms Sweepstakes Café. Reportedly Drenski  followed the female into the restroom and while she was entering a stall he snatched her purse and fled the building. Drenski then began to flee trough yards to escape. Several neighbors assisted EPD officers by directing them in the route Drenski fled. Drenski unknowingly entered into a fenced yard containing a large Rottweiler that bit into the suspect. Drenski was soon there after located exiting another yard to a waiting vehicle., 10/31/12 as far as the tree still blocking the roadway on E 337St - crews were ready to remove the tree yesterday. As they began working we were told there was a problem with a grounding wire. We haven't heard, at least at this time, when exactly they are returning., 10/31/12 The traffic lights are still out at Vine/ E 337St and Vine/Waverly. Stop signs are posted on E 337St and Waverly and will soon be placed on Vine as well. In the mean time these lights are to be treated as four way stops., 10/31/12 0730hrs Lakeland Blvd in our city is now open. Lakeland is still closed at the Willowick border due to high water levels., The electric company is still working in our city trying to restore power.  Please be patient.  They are currently working as quickly as they can. We do not have time frames for everyone but be assured they are continuing to work. Much of the city is without power it will take some time., They are currently working on removing the tree blocking E 337St. Power lines have been removed from the tree and deactivated, Fire Dept has been on 95 calls for service since 8pm last night, Everyone asking power should be restored late tonight or tomorrow., West Island Dr the water is receding, E 337th and Vine there is a telephone pole down.  Please avoid the area., Garretts Cove blocked by a large tree branch, Do not drive thru standing water it may be deeper than it looks. Turn around and find another route, Highland Dr high water alert, Treat traffic lights that are completely out as four way stops, Lines down on Kennelworth blocking the road, Alva is flooded avoid the area, Traffic lights are on flash on SR 91. Please use caution when driving today., Apollo at Victor wire down road closed, There are numerous traffic lights out throughout the city. Please be cautious driving through those areas., Lakeland Blvd is also closed due to high water levels. Closed from E 337th to SR 305., There is a tree down across the road on E 337th St. It is between  Lori Ann and Curtis Blvd. We have to wait until the Illuminating Company removes the wires from the tree before the the tree can be removed., W Island Dr you have a voluntary evacuation in place. The river is over the banks at Trader Jacks., 10/29/12 in anticipation of the storm due to roll in, we suggest you make sure your cell phone has been fully charged.  If your power goes out residents can call 1-888-544-4877 to report the power outage. Please take a moment to program that number into your phone. If a hazardous condition exists at that time report the condition to EPD, such as downed wires, fallen trees blocking the roadway, etc. Thanks for your cooperation, Eastlake:Trick or treating has been rescheduled for Sunday, Nov. 4 from 5 p.m. to 7 p.m., 10/27/12 1753hrs a vehicle was struck while waiting for the red light at Stevens and SR 91. Both cars were pulling off to the side of the road to exchange information for the minor accident. The driver at fault, a 54 year old male from Cleveland Hts, then fled the scene. Officers checked the area for the vehicle which was located at the Eastlake City Hall's car show. The male was cited for hit-skip and assuring clear distance. He said he left the scene because he didn't want to get a ticket., To all of you asking about rescheduling trick or treating, that decision is not up to EPD. It is still scheduled for the 31st from 6-8pm. If we hear any changes we will post them immediately., 10/27/12 1024hrs officer was dispatched to property on Roberts Rd on the report a homeless male might be living in a "fort". While speaking with the homeowner, he advised he was the person in the fort hiding from his children when he is smoking cigarettes. He is not allowed near the home while smoking, 10/27/12 0156hrs a traffic stop was initiated SR 91 and Vine St when the vehicle turned onto Vine from 91 while in the straight lane instead of the turning lane. The vehicle was also operating with its high beams activated.  The officer observed an odor of alcohol coming from the vehicle. When asked how much she had to drink she stated “not nearly enough.”  After attempting to perform sobriety testing the 48 year old female resident stopped the testing. She was arrested for suspicion of driving under the influence, traffic light, driving in marked lanes and use of bright lights. At EPD she refused a breath test. She was held on court set bond or court appearance., 10/26/12 2047hrs several vehicles were entered and property removed from two different businesses on Lakeland Bl- Pete's Internet Cafe and Sneeky Petes. Reports taken., 10/26/12 0511hrs EPD Officers responded to the area of Willowick Dr at Victor for a report of a male that was staggering down the street and falling down. Upon arrival the male was standing next to a SUV parked near the street in a driveway on Willowick Dr. Officers observed the male to be extremely intoxicated as he could not answer simple questions other that he drank too much. The male also had a laceration on his forehead and indicated that he walked into a pole trying to make it home. Due to the extreme state of intoxication and for safety reasons the 37 year old male resident was taken into custody for disorderly conduct while intoxicated., 10/25/12 0510hrs employees of Walmart reported there was an unattended child sleeping in a vehicle in the parking lot with no adults around. On arrival the vehicle was pulling out of the lot and was stopped. A 4 year old child still sleeping was observed in the back seat. A review of Walmart video showed the 21 year old mother from Cleveland was in the store for 12 minutes with her child unattended. She was arrested for child endangering and released on an unsecured bond., 10/24/12 1621hrs accident at Sr 91 and Stevens Blvd - A vehicle traveling N/B on 91 distracted by his phone was unaware traffic was stopped for a red light. The vehicle swerved to the right, striking the guardrail then came back  onto the roadway and struck a vehicle at the light. Both drivers refused medical treatment. The at fault driver was cited for failure to control., 10/24/12 0820hrs EPD assisted Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents (ICE) in the apprehension of a resident on E 343St for a federal warrant.  ICE agents took the 47 year old male into custody and transported him to Cleveland for a deportation hearing., 10/23/12 1912hrs EPD was requested to check the welfare of an elderly male at Dover Place Apts due to comments he made to the complainant. The elderly male advised that the complainant was a bill collector and he only made the comments to him so he would leave him alone. He stated, "I don't have money to buy new teeth and without new teeth I can't pick up ladies or call them sweety!" He was advised there were better ways to handle the caller., Missing juvenile from Wickliffe Ranse Dunn - see previous post, newsnet5.com 
Family and friends are asking for the public’s help locating Ramse Dunn, 14, of Wickliffe. 

Dunn was reported missing by family members Tuesday after he had not been heard from or seen since being dropped off at his grandmother’s home early Monday morning. 

Dunn is described as an African American male, standing 5’2” tall, and last seen wearing a beige hoodie, blue jeans, and black, red, and gray pair of Nike shoes. 

Wickliffe police have not yet located Dunn. 

Family members have planned a search party for Wednesday evening. Volunteers will gather at Freeway Lanes at 28801 Euclid Avenue in Wickliffe, beginning at 6 p.m. 

Anyone with information on Dunn’s whereabouts is asked to call the Wickliffe Police Department at (440) 943-1234., Laura Aquila wrote: On Sunday November 11, 2012 from 12 NOON to 6:00 PM the Willoughby Police Department together with the Willoughby Brewing Company are sponsoring a pasta dinner and chineseauction for only a $10 per person donation (children free) with 
100% of the proceeds to the family of Fallen Willoughby Officer Jason Gresko. For more information please call 440-975-0202 .. So please take the time to come out and support this fallen police officer.. Thank you, 10/22/12 2101hrs Grand theft vehicle report -a resident of Maple Hts visiting a relative at Lakeside Apts. She left her vehicle parked in the lot while going on a day trip and upon returning 
discovered the vehicle missing. At 0212hrs Cleveland Pd advised they located the vehicle on fire on Lorain Rd. The vehicle, once cooled, was towed to their impound lot., 10/23/12 Yesterday's warm weather drove people outdoors which created several noise disturbance calls. To name a few - at Chagrin Trailer Park a male was playing his electric guitar loudly practicing for an upcoming gig, Eastlake Terrance Apts had a male working on his vehicle listening to the Presidental Debate on the radio, Dover Apts a resident with to much bass listening to music - all parties were advised of the complaints., Support North High School Rangers! Friday, October 26th at Classic Park the North - South "Border Battle"  Gates open at 5:30 with a 7:00 kickoff and post game frieworks.  Grandstand tickets $8, day of game grandstand tickets $10. There is a VIP food and ticket package available for $40 which includes a pre-game all you can eat buffet and 50 yard line seating. Tickets can be ordered at captainsbaseball.com. Members of the Willoughby Police Department will also be selling $10 T-shirts in honor of fallen Officer Gresko. All proceeds will be donated to his wife and daughter., 10/22/12 1227hrs officers responded to Wicklow Dr on a report of a verbal argument outside beween a 19 year old female and 23 year old male. The caller also reported something was on fire outside of the same house. The male half during the argument set a pile of the females clothes on fire in the driveway - she picked up the burning pile and put it on the hood of his car. He then moved the burning pile back to the driveway. The FD put the fire out and the female left the residence for the day., 10/21/12 1848hrs calls were received for the odor of smoke in the arear of Sunset Dr. EFD investigated the complaint - it was a male cooking on the grill., 10/20/12 1252hrs 20 year old Ryan Malaney was arrested and charged with Robbery and drug paraphernalia. Malaney concealed $10 worth of merchandise into the waistband of his pants and attempted to leave Walmart. When confronted by the Loss Prevention Officer a struggle ensued with the LPO being dragged to the floor at least one time by Malaney. (captured on video) Drug paraphernalia was also found on his person during search incident to arrest. He is being held without bond pending court appearance., 10/20/12 0316hrs a vehicle traveling 57mph down 25mph Vine St was stopped after it passed an officer on patrol. The 33 year old Willowick resident was taken into custody for suspicion of driving under the influence after failing field sobriety testing. He was charged with traffic violations, OVI, a refusal on the breath alcohol test for failing to provide a proper sample and possession of marijuana. His passenger was transported to his home nearby., 10/18/12 2024hrs after a night of drinking two males (33 and 37 years old) visiting a resident if Dover Place Apts got into an altercation involving a Wii game. A fist fight broke out injuring one of the males. On arrival the uninjured male had already left the area. Due to conflicting statements between the two males the report will be reviewed by the Prosecutor for possible charges., 10/218/12 2042hrs a complaint of a male knocking on doors in the 34800 block of Lakeshore asking for money for gas. The 35 year old resident was advised not to panhandle anymore and to go home., 10/18/12 1656hrs a neighbor on Laura Dr reported two males entered a vacant home on Laura. On arrival the men were identifed and it was confirmed the males worked for a restoration company that are maintaining two properties on the street., 10/18/12 1033hrs theft of several tools from a work van on Barbara Ave occurred sometime over night. The suspect punched the key lock on the door to gain access to the tools. Report taken, 10/18/12 via the News Herald:  A multiple vehicle crash in Eastlake sent two people to the hospital Thursday morning. 
At about 9:30 a.m. Eastlake Police received a report of a crash at the intersection of Route 91 and Vine Street, said Lt. Robert Gonzalez.

After speaking with witnesses, officers learned that a Buick, driven by 87-year-old Eastlake resident William Spangenberg, was traveling south on 91, Gonzalez said. A Chevrolet Impala, driven by 90-year-old Willoughby resident Kay Everson, was stopped at a red light at the intersection in the turning lane headed northbound on 91, he said.
As the male driver approached the intersection with a green light, the female turned through a red light into the path of the oncoming Buick. The two cars collided, going off the road and knocking over a crosswalk signal, Gonzalez said.

A third car, driven by 32-year-old Cleveland woman Kellee Holsey, also was damaged in the crash, but she was not taken to the hospital. The two other drivers were taken to Lake Health West Medical Center in Willoughby, and the male was then flown by medical helicopter to MetroHealth Medical Center in Cleveland with serious injuries, Gonzalez said.

No charges have yet been filed, but Gonzalez said charges will likely come against Everson.

Traffic was affected, but all lanes were reopened at about 10 a.m. Crews from Willowick and Timberlake also responded to the scene., 10/18/12 0919hrs some residents on St Lawrence woke up to discover their cars and garages were hit by paint balls sometime over night. The paint was water soluble and all were able to wash off the orange paint., Josh Meyers wrote:
This is the dog my wife and I found by the eastlake soccer fields and dog park on 10/5/12 please if you know some one who lost a dog pass this a long or help find it a awesome forever family thank you please eastlake police if yuou could post this on your page? and if any one on the page could repost this that would be great thanks in advance
Petfinder Adoptable Dog | Golden Retriever | Painesville, OH | 2454 / Floyd 
www.petfinder.com
2454 / Floyd is an adoptable Golden Retriever, 10/17/12 1649hrs noise disturbance on Vine involvng three male juveniles 13, 14 and 15 playing loud music and shooting airsoft guns inside an apartment, which is located above a business. On arrival the juvenile's father had just arrived home. He was advised of the complaint. The airsoft guns were turned over to dad and the music turned down., 10/17/12 1432hrs a resident from Mondamin Dr reported a theft of tools and equipment sometime overnight valued at over $1000. The property was removed from the bed of a work truck., 10/17/12 1351hrs disturbance in the parking lot of Superior Auto Parts on Vine St between a 25 year old male and his 27 year old ex-girlfriend. The male reported his ex had his mother’s car, with permission as long as no one else drove it. The male witnessed an unknown male operating the vehicle and the confrontation began. The female claimed she didn’t know the name of the male driver who left prior to our arrival. She is now a pedestrian – the vehicle was returned to the male., 10/17/12 1154hrs A caller reported 3 to 4 juveniles were attempting to gain entry to a vacant home in the 1300 block of E345 St. On arrival officers located three male juveniles laying on the front porch. They were transported to EPD, given daytime curfew citation and their parents were called to pick them up. In lieu of court the boys will be referred to the Eastlake Juvenile Diversion Program., SHARED FROM SOUTH EUCLID POLICE DEPARTMENT
The TASER® X26 is an option available in the “toolbox” of our officers. Here are a few video clips of our brave officers that volunteered to be subjected to the effects of the TASER® X26 during a training session at SEPD. Enjoy!!!

http://www.southeuclidpolice.com/TX26.html — at South Euclid Police Deparment.
TASER® Device 
www.southeuclidpolice.com, 10/16/12 1100hrs a 29 year old female from Wickliffe was arrested for shoplifting automotive parts from Walmart. The is the same female (some of you may recall) who was arrested by EPD on 09/14/12 for shoplifting automotive items from O'Reilly's on Vine. That case is still pending at WMC., 10/15/12 By Tracey Read
TRead@News-Herald.com
@TraceyReporting

An Eastlake woman was sentenced Monday to 120 days in jail and three years community control for stealing nearly $30,000 from an Eastlake radiator business.

Jackie McDonnell, 48, stole $28,584 from Finucane & Brennan on East 361st Street between June 2011 and January of this year, according to court records.

McDonnell, the former wife of one of the business owners, pleaded guilty last month to grand theft and forgery in Lake County Common Pleas Court.

Judge Vincent A. Culotta also ordered McDonnell to pay $18,584 in restitution — insurance covered $10,000 — and perform 100 hours of community service.

McDonnell had no prior felony convictions.

The business was forced to close after the thefts., 10/15/12 Jessica Rupp, 21 years old from Lyndhurst turned herself in on felony charges of Illegal use of a credit card. Rupp, a part time care giver of a 97 year old male and his 95 year old bride is accused of stealing and making the unauthorized charges., 10/14/12 Scott Schinke, 46, a resident was arrested on felony charge for pandering obscenity involving a minor. This case stems from a case 10 2010 where his computer was searched due to another incident and images of juveniles involved in sexual conduct were uncovered along with several nude photographs of juveniles., 10/15/12 0953hrs a 24 year old Willoughby resident was given citations for reckless operation- without due regard for saftety and driving under suspension. On Sunday the male was observed on Lakeshore on a motorcycle at a fast rate of speed, clocked at 72mph in the 35mph zone. The male fled in and out of traffic eluding the officer attempting to stop him. An eye witness in Willoughby observed the same male hiding the bike in a garage. The male was not located at that time but his bike was towed. On the above date them male came to EPD for his citations., Gregg Mulroy wrote - it's my new song/video that is a tribute to police officers. there's also a fund raising campaign for the national law enforcement officers memorial fund.

thank you for your time and attention. : )

stay safe,

mully

http://youtu.be/Sh14sYhl0TM, 10/14/12 2137hrs disturbance call on N Riverview of a 48 year old male being loud outside.  Apparently the male had the Browns game recorded, just found out they won and was celebrating., 10/13/12 1556hrs 53 year old Anthony Johnson, a resident, was arrested for felonious assault on a 23 year old homeless female. The female had been staying in Johnson’s apartment waiting for an apartment of her own, they were just acquaintances. Johnson asked the female to leave. She gathered her clothing and as she sat down on the couch Johnson punched her several times in the face/head area causing serious physical harm. A female visiting from another state found the female wondering, bleeding profusely in the parking lot and called EPD. Johnson also has an assault charge pending for the assault of another female., October is Domestic Violence Awareness Month:

Domestic violence remains a huge and largely hidden problem. The purple ibbons you may have seen recently on car bumpers and people’s lapels are to remind us that someone is physically, sexually, psychologically or verbally abused by an intimate partner every 15 seconds. It crosses all racial, ethnic, and socioeconomic lines, and it happens in both heterosexual and homosexual partnerships. Although women are more often
targeted by men, there are also men who are victimized by their female or male intimate partners and women who are battered and manipulated by their female partners.

According to the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence, in the United States, 1.3 million women and 830,000 men are assaulted each year by people they believe love them. In a 2005 survey, the Centers for Disease Control found that 1 in 4 women and 1 in 9 men are victims of domestic violence at some point.

It goes on in teen couples as well as in adult relationships. One study found that 1 in 5 high school girls reported being physically or sexually abused by a dating partner. Another study of teen dating behavior found that 3 out of 5 teens say they’ve had a boyfriend or girlfriend who made them feel bad or embarrassed about themselves.

Victims often don’t complain. Their partners may have instilled such fear in them that they don’t dare say anything. Or, they have become so inured to the manipulation and violence that they don’t recognize they are victims. Sadly, it is often only when someone has become seriously hurt or has an emotional breakdown that friends, family members, or professionals even realize what is going on.
-By Marie Hartwell-Walker, Ed.D

Call Eastlake Victim Assistance if you or a loved one is experiencing
Domestic Violence and could use some support. We can offer information,
guidance, referrals, and our Monday night Domestic Violence Support group at 6:30PM.
#440-975-4252
Christine Tyson
Eastlake Police Department Victim Assistance
(440)951-1400 Ext. 233 or (440)975-4252, 10/13/12 0258hrs A motorist reporting a vehicle traveling on the wrong side of Lakeland Bl. Officers located the vehicle as it was turning onto E 337St and effectuated a traffic stop after observing the vehicle traveling in a weaving course. The 25 year old male from Cleveland was given sobriety tests and passed. He was cited for driving under suspension and weaving course., 10/13/12 EPD is attempting to locate the owner(s) of the costume jewelry recovered from a home during an arrest on 10/13/12. If anyone recognizes any pieces to be theirs either call Det Bowersock, email at cbowersock@eastlakepd.org or private message this page. Also recovered were some collector coins., 10/11/12 0800HRS 36 year old Joseph Lucas of Willoughby turned himself in on a felony probable cause warrant for Robbery. Yesterday 29 year old Erin Orth of Willoughby was arrested on a felony probable cause warrant for complicity to robbery. The incident occurred on 10/04/12 at 1135hrs. Lucas and Orth attempted to steal $169.73 worth of merchandise from Walmart. The two were taken into the Loss Prevention Office where Lucas struck a Loss Prevention Officer in the chest and the duo ran from the store. (Also see previous posting on 10/10/12), 10/12/12 0536hrs report of a vehicle into a pole at the corner of Hillcrest and Parkway. On arrival there was no one with the yellow jeep Wrangler that was blocking the roadway and had disabling passenger side damage. The utility pole and lawn area around the pole was also damaged. Eventually the driver was located at a residence on E Overlook Dr. The 36 year of female resident of E 360St was cited for hit-skip and failure to control. She advised she was on her way to work and swerved to miss a deer. She was not injured., 10/11/12 0912hrs a pedestrian reported a male and female entered a home on Sylvia Dr via a window and exited carrying a bag.  On arrival a traffic stop was initiated on the vehicle the two had left the scene in. It was determined the female was the homeowner, which was verified, and had lost her key.  The 27 year old female, operator of the vehicle, was cited for driving under suspension and released on an unsecured bond., 10/10/12 1200hrs 29 year old Erin Orth of Willoughby was arrested on a felony probable cause warrant for complicity to robbery.  The incident occurred on 10/04/12 at 1135hrs. Orth and her accomplice attempted to steal $169.73 worth of merchandise from Walmart. The two were taken into the Loss Prevention Office where the accomplice struck a Loss Prevention Officer in the chest and the duo ran from the store. The only thing is they also left behind their driving licenses…She is currently being held at Lake County Jail pending posting of bond or court appearance. Warrants have also been issued for her accomplice., 10/10/12 theft report taken in the 700 block of E 349St. The resident reported sometime overnight yard tools and a chainsaw were removed from his property., 10/10/12 introducing 23 year old Kristin Swietyniowski an Eastlake resident responsible for the recent burglaries on Roberts Rd and other nearby residences. She is currently being held at Lake County Jail on felony charges of burglary and attempted burglary. More charges are pending.  Detectives will be contacting the victims of the burglaries in the near future that she has confessed to committing., 10/08/12 1804hrs 24 year old Courtney Smith was arrested for felony tampering with evidence and counterfeit controlled substance. (The tampering with evidence charge stemmed from Smith attempting to eat marijuana he had concealed on his person). A 19 year old male resident reported he had just been “robbed” by Smith of his iPod and iPad who then fled the area in a vehicle occupied by an additional three males. Officers located the vehicle traveling on Lakeshore and initiated a traffic stop. As the story unfolded, it was learned the 19 year old traded the “stolen goods” for heroin. Upon realizing what he purchased was not heroin he called EPD to report the theft.  The 19 year old was charged with making a false police report. Another male in the vehicle, a 21 year old male from Cleveland Hts was charged with possession of marijuana and driving under suspension., 10/08/12 1833hrs EPD responded to the 1100 block of E 341St for a disturbance between a 23 year old male and his parents. The parents no longer wanted the male at the residence and he was refusing to leave. As officers persuaded the male to leave he re-entered the home and became belligerent and threatened his parents once again. He was taken into custody for disorderly intoxication., 10/08/12 1300hrs EPD is investigating an attempted burglary on Roberts Rd. Again the suspect attempted to push in a window air conditioner to gain entry, however was unsuccessful - the air conditioner was bolted down., 10/08/12 0730hrs theft from vehicles report taken from a business in the 36300 block of Lakeland Blvd. Person(s) unknown entered a gated lot and removed tools from the locked vehicles., 10/08/12 0615hrs a female caller in the military currently serving in Afghanistan, reported she let a male borrow her car while he was home on leave.  On 08/21/12 EPD arrested the male on the request of the US Army for desertion. This male lost her keys, contacted her and advised the car was parked on Matoma in the roadway and was asking for assistance in locating the vehicle and having it towed The vehicle was located in a driveway on Galalina. Because it was on private property EPD was not able to tow the car. She was given her options for retrieving the vehicle by either having the homeowner tow the vehicle for her or she can get a power of attorney drawn up., 10/07/12 1215hrs criminal damage investigation is ongoing for several vehiles and some property in the Willoway area and on Garrett's Cove that were spray painted with red paint sometime overnight., 10/07/12 0323hrs EPD units responded to a roll over accident with ejection of the driver in the area of Trader Jacks on Lakeshore. On arrival there was a white Daewoo vehicle at final rest at the base of the sign for Trader Jacks. The driver, a 23 year old male from Willoughby, was lying in the parking lot of Trader Jacks with obvious head wounds. Rescue arrived on scene and the driver was life-flighted to Cleveland Metro Trauma Center. 
From preliminary investigation, the vehicle was traveling E/B on Lakeshore and left the roadway as he approached Old Lakeshore.  He failed to negotiate the turn properly and struck the end of the guardrail which launched his vehicle airborne. The vehicle then overturned two to three times and came to rest at the base of the Trader Jacks restaurant sign. The crash reconstruction unit is investigating the accident further., 10/07/12 0123hrs loud music complaint at Willo Vu Apts resulted in the arrest of a 45 year old resident with outstanding warrants with Painesville PD  for a Probation violation and Cleveland PD for a contempt of court charge., 10/03/12 1937hrs a utility pole was struck in the gravel area of the Offshore Bar causing an interruption of power to some residents in that area. The vehicle, described as a brown van with a ladder rack on top of the van, then fled the scene. The van also had some type of unknown writing or sign on the side. The suspect vehicle should have damage to the driver's side. Witnesses reported the van was not parked in the lot prior to striking the pole., To all of our FB friends,
      We have had some daytime burglaries and we want all of our residents to be aware of the problem.  Please watch your houses and neighborhoods and report any suspicious activity or persons to the police department.  If you have a window air conditioner either take it down for the season or ensure that the window is secure from the outside.

Chief Reik, 10/02/12 2358hrs report of a female screaming behind the Deli on the Vine and few minutes later the caller reported the female was being dragged across lawns on Waverly. On arrival the 26 year old female from Mayfield Hts was sitting in the middle of a lawn on Waverly. The 24 year old male from S. Euclid was attempting to assist the female in walking as she was only able to crawl along in her current condition. Both intoxicated individuals were transported to a residence on Stevens Blvd., 10/02/12 2021hrs a caller reported a male was riding a bicycle believed to stolen from Roberts Rd that belonged to his friend. The 24 year old male from Euclid was located on E 344St. The bike was confirmed stolen by the resident on Roberts who did not report the stolen bike when the theft occurred two weeks ago. The Euclid resident was taken into custody and charged with receiving stolen property., 10/02/12 1249hrs trespassing complaint in the 1200 block of E 348St. A resident heard noises in the garage and upon entering to investigate a male ran out of the man door. Inside the garage officers located a duffle bag containing personal items belonging to the male that was released without charges from the shed incident. (posting 09/30/12). It appears the male may have been living in the back of the garage. Warrants for his arrest have been issued for criminal trespassing., 10/01/12 EPD is investigating two recent daytime burglaries that have occurred within a week of each other on Roberts Rd. The person(s) responsible are pushing window air conditioners into the home to gain entry and remove valuables. Anyone having any information is encouraged to contact EPD at 440- 951-1400 or private message us., 10/01/12 0634hrs 22 year old Kenneth Konet was arrested on a probable cause warrants for two charges of felony burglary.  On 06/30/12 a resident in the 200 block of Traymore reported her home was broken into. EPD’s Scientific Unit Investigators lifted latent fingerprints from the crime scene and sent then to Lake County Crime Lab. Results returned from the lab revealed the fingerprints returned to Konet. Konet admitted entering the home on two different occasions on the same day to take money., 09/30/12 2103hrs officers responded to the 1300 block of E 346St on the report of male that may be staying in a shed behind a vacant home. On arrival a 41 year old male along with 46 year old Wendy Davies were located in the shed that contained a cot, blanket and heater. Davies attempted to conceal crack cocaine and drug paraphernalia inside the shed and was taken into custody for felony drug possession. She also had a felony warrant for her arrest for a probation violation with CCSO.  The property owner did not wish to press charges for trespassing on the two. The male was released without charges., 09/30/12 1852hrs a caller from the Laundromat on Vine reported a male ran into the business stating the police are looking for him. The male locked himself in the bathroom.
Upon arrival a key was used to open the bathroom door where the male was hiding as he was pretending he wasn’t in the bathroom. The 18 year old male was identified and arrested on three active warrants:  Cleveland Heights PD - intimidation/stalking, Strongsville PD - failure to appear on a theft and East Cleveland PD for an assault. He was also charged with obstructing justice. It was later determined the male was arguing with a female in the Vineyards and when an officer pulled into the parking lot on an unrelated case the male ran., 09/30/12 1204hrs a 43 year old female from Mayfield Hts was arrested for theft and trespassing at Walmart. This ecofriendly thief used reusable insulated Walmart bags in an attempt to remove $220.39 worth of various household goods from the store. The trespassing charge stems from a previous theft at the Mayfield Hts Walmart store., 09/29/12 0416hrs a resident in the 33000 block of Beachpark reported a male was laying outside in the yard next to a tree moaning. The 26 year old resident was woken up and transported the rest of the way home - to the 35300 block of Beachpark., EPD recovered a green BMX bicycle along with a backpack containing misc clothing at Galalina Beach. There was no identification on any of the property. The owner can pick up their belongings at the station., 09/28/12 1417hrs EFD along with Willoughby Fire and Willowick Fire responded to a kitchen fire in the 34000 block of Roberts Rd. EPD responded for traffic control. At 14411hrs the fire was under control and by 1641hrs the home was turned over to the homeowner. No injuries., 09/28/12 1304hrs disturbance call in the 700 block of E 341St between a 33 year old female and 36 year old male. The male from Cleveland was reportedly throwing couches around because he could not locate the remote. The male gathered up his belongings and was sent on his way., 09/27/12 1529hrs EPD received several calls of a large fight in progress at the VFW Post. On arrival the shoving, pushing match was over. There were about 50 people in attendance for an union meeting that became heated. EPD stood by to keep the peace until the meeting was over., 09/27/12 1354hrs theft/criminal damage report taken on Laura Dr at a vacant home. A contractor reported copper pipes were cut out from the basement., 09/27/12 there has been thefts from vehicles reported on Willowick Dr and Mannering Rd - reminder, please keep your valuables in your home and lock up when parked in the driveway., A special thanks to our Diversion program for the great work with their latest project.  Two weeks ago this area was weed covered and now it looks like this.  The diversion program is funded through donations and the work is done by area youth who are supervised by department officers., Mentor Police Department:
Sunday evening 9/23/12 at approx. 10pm, a male tried to rob the Convenient Food Mart at 4680 Corduroy Rd. A male described as 6ft., 180lbs, and wearing a black ski mask and gloves came into the store and demanded money from the register. When he was refused, he ran out the doors and headed N/B through the parking lot. The victim estimated the suspect's age to be in his 20's. No weapon was seen or threatened. Anyone with information on this crime or any possible suspects, please contact the Mentor Police Department at (440) 974-5760. — Headlands Convenient, FBI offers reward as authorities seek Huntington Bank robber from Concord, 09/22/12 0746hrs EPD responded to the 1300 block of E 359St on a trespassing complaint. The caller reported he observed a male in his yard that appeared to have come from his shed. The 18 year old male stated he was intoxicated and must have slept in the shed but he does not remember how he got there. The homeowner declined to pursue any charges - the 18 year old was transported to his home on E 360St., 09/22/12 0141hrs complaint of an unwanted guest in the 1000 block of E 347St. On arrival officers located an intoxicated 36 year old female resident refusing to leave the residence when asked by the homeowner. The female visitor was escorted from the home and was to be given a courtesy ride home. However, once in the back of the cruiser she became a belligerent back seat driver suddenly not remembering exactly where she lived.  At that time she was placed under arrest. She was processed, cited and held until sober., By Bill DeBus
BDeBus@News-Herald.com

Jason Gresko

Funeral services will be held Thursday for a Willoughby police officer who was killed Friday night when his cruiser crashed while responding to a call.

The funeral for Jason Gresko, a part-time officer with the Willoughby Police Department, is 10 a.m. Thursday at the Monreal Funeral Home, 35400 Curtis Blvd. in Eastlake. Burial will be in All Souls Cemetery in Chardon Township.

Calling hours for Gresko, 32, are 1 to 7 p.m. Wednesday at the funeral home. Also Wednesday at the funeral home, a Fraternal Order of Police service will be at 7 p.m., 09/21/12 1351hrs 36 year old Theresa Schultz of Mentor attempted to remove 45 items for a total value of $758.76 at Walmart. When approached by Loss Prevention Officers Schultz began to fight and struggle with them. EPD responded to arrest Schultz who was charged with robbery and drug instruments. Schultz also has a warrant for her arrest with Wickliffe PD. She was processed and held without bond. (The robbery charge stems from using force while committing the theft.), Officer Jason Gresko
Willoughby Police Department End of Watch: September 21, 2012
Our hearts go out to the family of the fallen Willoughby Police Officer. We ask all of facebook followers to keep the family along with the Willoughby Police Department in your prayers., 09/18/12 1939hrs a passing motorist reported a female that fell off her bicycle on Vine St at E 360St and was attempting to gain entry into a passing motorist's vehicle. On scene, officers observed the highly intoxicated 42 year old female from Madison punching a handicap parking sign. She was arrested for her own safety since she was unable to provide a home address or stand without stumbling. She was processed, cited, and will be released when sober., 09/18/12 1430hrs a 26 year old female resident was arrested after walking out of Valu King with a 12 pack of Coronas and a 12 pack of Pabst beer. She was transported to EPD where she was processed and released on an unsecured bond., 09/18/12 0457hrs a Honda being operated by a 57 year old female exited the SR 2 W/B exit ramp to SR 91 and was at a complete stop waiting for the light to turn S/B onto 91. The pictured vehicle struck the Honda at a fast rate of speed pushing the Honda into the intersection toward the SR 2 entrance ramp to SR 2. The Honda sustained heavy rear end damage; the driver had to be extracted from her vehicle by Eastlake rescue and was then transported to Hillcrest Hospital for treatment of her non-life threatening injuries. The driver of the suspect vehicle fled the scene but was followed by a witness to the crash. With the assistance of the witness and Cleveland PD the vehicle was recovered on Darwin Ave in Cleveland. The driver had already fled from the vehicle. Investigation is continuing., 6,000 likes - thanks for your interest, 09/18/12 0244hrs – Walmart catch of the week – Officers responded to Walmart on the report of three thieves that were currently leaving in their vehicle. The vehicle was located and stopped on SR 2 by Lloyd Rd with Wickliffe PD assisting EPD. Three people, a 34 year old female from Garfield Hts, 55 year old male from Cleveland, and a 42 year old female from Euclid were arrested and charged with the $951.27 theft of video games and electronics.  All three have extensive criminal histories for theft and drug related charges. One of the females was just recently released from prison. On that note keep in mind this should not be a reflection on the store, it is the criminals coming to the store who are committing the crimes. Walmart Loss Prevention does their job extremely well apprehending and/or identifying the suspects. Every major retail store experiences criminals thinking they are entitled to steal, not just this chain of stores., 09/17/12 1821hrs theft from vehicle report taken from the Chagrin River Yacht Club. The complainant advised while attending a clam bake his vehicle was entered and a little over $2,000 worth of property was stolen. Report taken, 09/17/12 1304hrs EPD checked on the welfare of a male laying on the ground by the VFW. The 60 year old male from Willowick was merely resting did not need medical attention. He was sent on his way., 09/16/12 2245hrs A 43 year old female from Mentor was arrested for assault at the Handlebar. According to witnesses the female walked into the bar and physically attacked the barmaid knocking her to the ground, pulling out a large clump of hair and holding her in a headlock. It took three customers to separate the two brawling women. She was transported to EPD where she was processed and held for bond., 09/15/12 2240hrs a resident was given a citation for open burning, a burn that could be seen over his roof top. The 52 year old male became agitated apparently over the citation in the early morning hours of 09/16/12. The male called 9-1-1 several times yelling that we ruined his “hotdog roast” and that he wanted to trade his citation for a night in jail. The male continued to call both the 9-1-1 line and non-emergency line with the same complaint over and over even after it was explained to him he had go to court for the citation. At 0543hrs EPD responded to the residence, arrested the male for 9-1-1 knowingly abuse and held him for bond., 09/15/12 2029hrs complaints from the 1200 block of E 349St in reference to a solicitor asking for money. Officer located the 30 year old female resident on Eastlawn. She claimed she got into an argument with her husband, she left and was making her way to another relatives home. She was advised not to knock on any more doors., 09/14/12 1543hrs shoplifting report taken from O'Reilly Auto Part Store on Vine St. Employees reported a female left the store without paying for about $60 worth of merchandise. At that time the female was not located. About 45 minutes later the female returned to the store attempting to return some of the stolen items. The 29 year old from Wickliffe was arrested and charged with theft., 09/14/12 1411hrs disturbance in the 1200 block of E 346St for a male yelling outside the residence. Apparently while the male was vacationing his family threw all of his belongings out. The male will be moving since he is also thrown out of the home., 09/14/12 1102hrs a mailman on his route noticed the odor of natural gas at a home in the 35900 block of Stevens. The mail carrier knocked on the elderly female's door but received no answer and called EPD. EPD and EFD made contact with the resident and evacuated the home. East Ohio Gas also responded to fix the problem. Kudos Robin, you are truly dedicated., Community Shred Day
Saturday, September 15th
10am to 2pm
Free to all residents behind Eastlake City Hall  
Buckeye Industries is sponsoring the Eastlake Community Shred Day. Residents are encouraged to bring any papers or documents that may contain personal or sensitive information for destruction., We are having issues with our phone lines.  Please DO NOT USE 440 951-1400.  Call 951-1401, 1402, 1403, or 1404 for non emergency issues.  Our 911 are working with no problems., 09/13/12 Eastlake officers were advised that two juveniles who were wanted by juvenile court were in the area of Willowick Dr.  Eastlake officers responded and located one of the juveniles immediatley and began a search for the other.  We were unable to find the second juvenile but there was no danger to the public.  The juvenile is wanted for being a runaway.  We are unable to post much else due to the age of the suspect and would request that others keep their opinions and comments to a minimum.  If you are aware who we are looking for and want to pass on that information then you may use the private message or call 440 951-1401.  Chief Reik, 09/14/12 Eastlake Police Department is experiencing trouble with our 440-951-1400 phone line. Dial 440-951-1401, 1402, 1403, or 1404 to contact EPD and as always for emergencies call 9-1-1., 09/12/12 1337hrs while at the Community Center the Fre Department called out with an open burn. Checking further they found a 53 year old male in a tent with a 12 pack of Milwalkee's Best with the fire camping out close to a backyard he stays in on Roberts Rd.  He was advised to extinguish the fire., 09/12/12 2055hrs EPD and EFD responded to Vine and SR 91 for a car vs a motorcycle. Both vehicles were traveling W/B on Vine, the operator of the motorcycle stopped for the redlight at SR 91. The vehicle operator failed to assure clear distance and struck the motorcycle. The operator of the motorcycle was transported to Lake West for treatment of his injuries. His condition is unknown at this time., 09/12/12 During the morning hours of 08/21/12 two residents on Sandy Knoll and one on Sycamore Ct had property/mailboxes damaged. The six juveniles responsible were located. The juveniles and their parents were escorted to the victims homes where restitution for the damage was made to each resident. The 16 year old juveniles also will perform one day of community service., 09/12/12 0318hrs 41 year old William M Hairston of Cleveland was arrested for felony grand theft shoplifting from Walmart. An employee observed the male as being the one posted on our FB page seeking information on his identity. Hairston, along with a 51 year old male from Wickliffe, left the area in a vehicle which officers stopped on SR 2. The men were placed under arrest, the Wickliffe resident was charged with petty theft for his role in the theft from this incident, Hairston is accused of committing at least three thefts from the store. Value of merchandise - $3074.43., 09/12/12 0036hrs disturbance/unwanted guest situation on Beachpark. The 48 year old male caller wanted his 28 year old girlfriend removed from his home. Officers were able to get them to agree to stay away from each other for the night, one downstairs and one upstairs. They were advised if EPD returns both will stay at EPD city jail for the night in separate rooms., 09/12/12 0029hrs report of a disturbance at Eastview Meadows, according to the caller for the third night in a row. On arrival officers spoke to the couple who were engaged in a verbal argument over a broken alarm clock. They were advised they were waking other tenants. They were apoligetic and said they would remain quiet., Special thanks to you Jennifer Crissey you and your family's kindness did not go unappreciated., 09/10/12 2337hrs EPD responded to Luanna Dr for a highly intoxicated 14 year old female. The juvenile who had consumed Parrot Bay was transported to the hospital for possible alcohol poisoning by Eastlake rescue. Underage consumption charges were forwarded to Juvenile Court due to prior police dealings with the juvenile., 09/10/12 2207hrs hit-skip accident report taken in the 600 block of St Lawrence. A vehicle parked in a driveway was struck by another vehicle causing damage to the rear of the parked car. The suspect vehicle also drove over the lawn area destroying a cable box. A piece of the suspect vehicle was located by the homeowners which should belong to a 2006-2007 Honda Pilot., 09/10/12 1612hrs EPD responded to an assault complaint in the 33000 block of Glen Dr. A 17 year old female, who was on house arrest through Juvenile Court, was told by a relative that the friends she had over had to leave due to the rules of house arrest and her mother’s wishes who was working. When threatened that the police would be called the 17 year old physically attacked the 22 year old outside the home. The 22 year old suffered minor cuts and scratches. The juvenile was arrested for assault and was transported to the detention center after processing was complete., 09/10/12 1349hrs EPD was advised that a resident had damaged his 2001 Ford Mustang in the parking lot of the Windsor Lodge apartment complex.  Witnesses advised they observed the male pull off the spoiler, dent both sides of the car and cut all four tires. The male then left the area in his other car. The following damage was observed; 4 flat tires, broken rear window, missing spoiler, numerous dents all around the vehicle, missing antennae and damage to the truck lid., null, News Channel 5:
Besides the memorials in New York, Washington D.C. and Shanksville, Pennsylvania, there are some local memorials and tributes going on as well. 

A TSA honor guard will have a moment of silence for all the victims of 9/11. That will happen at the central security checkpoint at Cleveland-Hopkins International Airport. It’s scheduled to begin at 8:46 a.m. on Tuesday, the exact time 11 years ago when the first plane hit the World Trade Center north tower in New York. 

Streetsboro is planning a memorial at 9:45 a.m. Tuesday morning. It will be held at the fire station on Route 43. There will be a memorial and a chance to view a 12-foot section of the World Trade Center rubble. 

The safety forces in the City of Painsville will hold a 9/11 memorial ceremony at 5 p.m. Tuesday. It will be held at the fire station on Mentor Avenue. 

Elyria will hold a candlelight vigil from 6-9 p.m. Tuesday. It will take place at Ely Square. There will be music and a special program., 09/08/12 2307hrs four 15 year old boys were arrested for curfew and trespassing violations after they were observed climbing on the roof of St Justin Martyr Church. Once on the roof the juveniles hid from the sight of officers. Upon seeing a ladder truck arrive, the boys jumped from the roof to the ground. All parents were notified of the charges. All juveniles will  participate in the Juvenile Diversion Program in lieu of juvenile court., 09/08/12 1731hrs EPD and EFD responded to the 1200 block of E 349St for a report of a juvenile starting a fire in the front yard with a can of gasoline. The juvenile was attempting to kill a bees nest in the ground after being stung several times. The mother of the juvenile started the original fire. The fire was put out and the mother was given alternative methods on how to take care of the bees nest by the FD., Posted at the request of WomanSafe:
We are very excited to share with you a fantastic funding opportunity that has become available to WomenSafe. Chase Bank is sponsoring the Chase Community Giving 2012 Program, and WomenSafe has been nominated as one of the non-profits eligible to win up to $250,000 in award money. All we need is your vote!!! 

Voting continues today and ends at midnight on Wednesday, September 19, 2012.

Here’s how to help WomenSafe win $250,000 to help victims of domestic violence:

1) The links below do not take you directly to the WomenSafe link and there is a bit of delay on the CHASE server…please be patient…you have to navigate a bit:
a. Click on or paste to your browser:
https://www.chasegiving.com/charity/view/ein/34-1341527
AND
b. FACEBOOK USERS have an additional vote:
Click on or paste to your browser:
http://www.facebook.com/ChaseCommunityGiving/app_162065369655 
2) In the search bar, type “womensafe”
3) When the basic info about WomenSafe comes up, click on the site and you will see the VOTING button.
4) It’s that easy! 
Please send these links to your email contacts and Facebook friends and encourage them to participate. The top 200 charity vote-getters will win awards from $10,000 to $250,000!! 

Four women are murdered every day in the U. S. at the hands of someone who “loves” them. 

Our families need your vote!!! Thanks very much! 
From all of us WomenSafe
For immediate crisis and support management please call: 1-888-285-5665 or visit www.womensafe.org for more information.

WOMENSAFE INC 
apps.facebook.com
DOMESTIC VIOLENCE SHELTER & RESOURCE CENTER ...
Share, 09/08/12 1529hrs two females, a 33 year old from Cleveland and her 37 year old sister from Euclid were arrested for shoplifting over $120 worth of merchandise between the two of them. The thieving duo each had two young children with them. The juvenile boys, 7 and 9, selected and opened DVD's then handed them to their respective mothers who then concealed the items. They also stole clothing and misc items. The did pay for some food items before being detained. The females were held on court set bond and were bonded out a short time later by a bondsman. The children were released to other family members., 09/08/12 1222hrs report of a male wearing a trench coat at E 361St and Curtis who then removed his coat, concealed an unknown object in the coat and placed it in the weeds. The male was located at Vine and E 359St. The 50 year old Willoughby man was walking to Walmart and did not want to carry his coat and umbrella and was going to retreive them on his walk back home., 09/08/12 0445hrs officers conducting follow up on a missing person complaint at Randall Terrace Apts, ended in the felony arrest of 34 year old David Costella, who had been reported missing by the complainant earlier in the evening. Costella was arrested for felony domestic violence, possession of crack pipes, carrying a concealed weapon along with driving under suspension. He is being held without bond until his court appearance.., 09/07/12 0700hrs In addition to our first release the body has been identified as a
male and will be compared to our known samples of Joshua Baughman who is a suspect in a shooting that occurred in our city at the end of August.  The initial call to the area was due to an odor being noticed by a resident of that street., At around 0700 on Sept 7th 2012 Eastlake officers located a body at the end of E 365St near the railroad tracks.  The body appeared have been at that location for a number of days.  The remains were transported to the Cuyahoga County Coroner for identification and cause of death., REMEMBERING 911
THE 11TH anniversary observance of Sept. 11, 2011 will begin at 11am Sept. 9th at the Eastlake Boulevard of 500 flags.  The ceremony will be about 45 minutes long and will include speakers and honor guard units from the American Legion and Veterans of Foreign Was posts.  We are also expecting over 100 motorcyclists. Please join us., 09/06/12 2059hrs EPD received a call from the Final Score from an intoxicated male reporting another intoxicated male reached in his pocket and took $5 then left the bar. Officers located the 54 year old, who we are well acquainted with, and transported him back to the bar where the two males made up with the promise to repay the money the next day. The 54 year took the money to purchase beer causing the other male to become upset when he realized he didn't have money for a Little Caesar Pizza., 09/06/12 1656hrs report of a possible intox male walking back and forth on the sidewalk in 34500 block of Lakeshore yelling and screaming. On arrival the male was observed listening to his Ipod and singing along to the music., 09/06/12 1611hrs a 33 year old female and a 40 year old female, both from Mentor were arrested for theft after concealing merchandise at Walmart. A search of their vehicle revealed the two also went "shopping" at Payless Shore store as a bag of Payless merchandise was also recovered from the car. The total amount of merchandise between both stores was $360.46. One of the females was also charged with trespassing in addition to two counts of theft. She had a prior arrest for shoplifting at Walmart on 04/27/12. The other female was charged with two counts of theft. After reviewing the store video this female while being booked in was observed wearing stolen jewerly which was confiscated. They are currently in jail awaiting arraignment., The Mentor Police Department, in cooperation with the Willoughby and Chardon Police Departments, would like the public’s help in identifying the female pictured below. Our suspect is wanted in conjunction with several armed robberies during...the early morning hours of Monday, August 26th. She is described as a black female, approx. 5’7”, 180-200 lbs and thought to be around 30 years old. Anyone with information is asked to contact the Mentor Police Department at (440) 974-5760, We are having problems with our non-emergency phone lines coming into the police department. If you call, the phone may continue to ring with no answer. Please do not use the 440 951-1400 number until this is fixed.  You may call 440 951-1401, 1402, 1403, or 1404.  We apologize for any problems that this may cause you. All of our 911 phones are working and we will keep you posted on our status. Thank you for your patience.

Chief Reik, *STILL AT LARGE* Any person(s) aiding Mr Baughman with food and shelter, or hiding his whereabouts also faces the possibility of  being charged with felony Obstruction of Justice.
 Our investigation has led us to apply for and receive an arrest
warrant for Joshua Baughman for the charge of felonious assault. 
This warrant is for the shooting at the WalMart in Eastlake on Aug
20th.  He is a white male 5ft 11in with hazel eyes and a bald head. 
He has no specific address but is known to be in the Western Lake
County area. He is considered armed and dangerous and we do not want anyone in the public to attempt to apprehend him.  Please contact you local police agency (9-1-1) if he is seen
and call the Eastlake Police Department 440 951-1400 with any
information on his whereabouts., 09/06/12 0250hrs officer on patrol stopped a vehicle SR 91 and Lakeshore for a traffic violation - stopping for a green light. The driver was asked to perform field sobriety testing which he failed. He was taken into custody for DUI, (his fourth DUI.) The three female passengers all had either too much to drink to drive and/or were not valid drivers. He was transported to EPD, processed and held for court set bond. His passengers were given a ride to a residence. Score .262, 09/05/12 2023hrs numerous calls reporting an explosion on Beachpark near E 348St with smoke coming from the sewer.  EPD and EFD were sent to investigate. EFD had no readings on their monitors for any type of leaking gases. They flushed the sewers with water. The cause of explosion is unknown at this time., 09/05/12 1600hrs a 23 year old male from Willoughby, Casey White, was arrested and charged with an assault that occurred 09/02/12 at 2232hrs at E 340St and Vine.  The 60 year old male victim from Painesville was waiting (outside of his vehicle) to give a ride to his friend’s daughter that was attending an AA meeting. That female approached her awaiting ride with White who in turn asked the victim to give him a ride. When the victim told him no, he was sucker punched and knocked to the ground. He was transported to Lake West for treatment from EPD. White is being held on $15,000 cash or surety bond., By News-Herald staff
Editor@News-Herald.com
@NHCrimeandFire
Maribeth Joeright/MJoeright@News-Herald.com

A crew works to remove a motorcycle that was involved in a crash with an automobile on Route 91 and Curtis Boulevard in Eastlake on Wednesday.

Two people were transported via medical helicopter to MetroHealth Medical Center in Cleveland after a crash involving a motorcycle Wednesday afternoon in Eastlake.

Eastlake Fire Battalion Chief Bob Lloyd said the incident was reported at 5:59 p.m. near the intersection of Route 91 and Curtis Boulevard.

Lloyd said one male and one female patient were initially transported to Lake West Medical Center in Willoughby. They were subsequently flown to Metro.

Authorities would not release further details about the crash, or the victims, Wednesday night., 09/05/12 1022hrs a caller on Campus reported a male in his 20's looking into peoples yards and possibly windows in the area. It was determined the male was delivering phone books to the area, he was also on Salient., 09/05/12 0938hrs animal complaint on Galalina for a rooster that constantly crows. The rooster owner was advised of the complaint. The owner was in the process of finding the rooster a new home., EPD is asking assistance identifying this male. He is accused of stealing over $500 worth of merchandise from Walmart along with a donation tub for the Children's Miracle Network. If you have any information contact EPD at 440 951-1400 or private message FB., 09/04/12 1326hrs – Christine Adams, 30 years old from Cleveland was arrested for felony theft. On 07/21/12 EPD took a theft report from Twin Value Optical. Thirteen pairs of sunglasses were stolen for a theft valued at $1,130.  Rocky River PD provided EPD with a positive identification on this suspect. She was held on $3500 cash or surety bond until arraignment., 09/04/12 0126hrs theft report taken from TKP Auto on Vine. Tires and rims were removed from four vehicles in the parking lot. Several lug nuts were removed from other parked vehicles. Under investigation., 09/03/12 2008hrs Officers responded to the 35000 area of Beachpark for a report of an argument in the street.  A female was seen attempting to strike a male.  The two were separated. As the 33 year old female spoke officers unable to understand her due to her slurred speech.  She was yelling at the male as she was trying to talk to officers and almost fell down.  She was put under arrest for disorderly intoxication. Once in the car she began to strike her head and feet against the passenger rear window of the cruiser damaging the frame on the window during transport to EPD.  She was charged with an additional charge of criminal damaging and held pending bond/arraignment., On the evening on Aug 8th around 9:30pm the BP station on the corner of 91 and Vine in Eastlake was robbed by a male who said that he had a gun.  During the morning of Aug 9th around 6:30 there was an attempted robbery at Convienent which is located at the corner of Vine and E 343rd. 
There was no weapon seen at either location and the investigation led us to believe that the same individual committed both crimes.  We have been attempting to locate the individual but did not have a
large amount of physical evidence.
Det Lt. Gonzalez made sure that a photograph and the suspects
information was distributed at a regional meeting for detectives. 
When this information was brought back to the respective agencies we received a tip of the possible identity of the individual.
On Tuesday Sept 4th the male was identified as 46 year old David Bell and he was located in Euclid.  He was brought to the station by Det Bowersock and provided confessions to both crimes.  Mr Bell claimed that drug use was the reason for committing the crimes and his only arrest within the last ten years has been for drug abuse. He is being held on the charges of Robbery and attempted robbery.  He will be arraigned at 10:00 am in Willoughby Municipal court today. 
I am very proud of our departments continued effort in bringing this
case to a close and bringing the suspect to justice. I am always glad when we use the skills and personnel of many different departments to come to a peaceful resolution of a criminal case.
Chief Reik, 09/02/12 0949hrs disturbance at Willowood Apts - unwanted guest. A 47 year old female resident according to the caller, her 18 year old son, was pounding on the 18 year old's apartment window yelling that he had stole her weed and bowl. He wanted her removed from the property. She was located at her residence and advsied of the complaint. The caller also reported his mother had keys to his car and he wanted them returned. All parties were spoken to, keys were returned to the rightful owner., 09/01/12 1633hrs a 23 year old female from Cleveland was arrested for shoplifting $59.93 worth of merchandise from Walmart. She was transported back to EPD processed and released after she was able to post her $404 cash bond., 09/01/12 1148hrs officer responded to the 900 block of Woodstock for a custody issue. On arrival both parties were identifed which showed an active warrant out of Wickliffe Pd  for the 28 year old male - original complainant.  He was placed into custody transfered to Wickliffe., 08/31/12 1714hrs a resident reported a male for illegal dumping at the old JFK center on Curtis Bl. The 50 year old male resident from Willowick dumped furniture and misc, items in and around the city dumpster. The male was contacted and given the option to retrieve his items or face charges. He opted to remove the items from the dumpster., 08/31/12 1530hrs EPD is investigating a daytime burglary that occurred between 0830hrs and 1515hrs in the 1200 block of E 332St. Person(s) unknown forced entry into the home removing valuables., 08/31/12 1228hrs a resident of Matoma advised they witnessed a male enter their yard, take a pelican lawn ornament, place it in his car and drive away. The resident followed the vehicle until officers responded to the area and initiated a traffic stop. The elderly male responsible had no memory of being at the home or removing anything from the yard. Due to an obvious change in mental status the males vehicle was towed and a family member contacted to provide transportation home. He was submitted for a re-test before being allowed to drive again. The resident did not wish to pursue charges., 08/30/12 2133hrs a resident of Dover Place Apts reported a burglary at his unlocked apartment. He came home from work to find the apartment ransacked. There was nothing stolen or broken, his girlfriend moved out of the apartment and didn't tell him ahead of time. She removed all of her belongings., -MONDAY NIGHT SUPPORT GROUP-

We will not be holding group this Monday September 3, 2012 due to the holiday, but will resume Monday September 10, 2012.

FOR WOMEN WHO ARE VICTIMS OF
UNHEALTHY RELATIONSHIPS
DOMESTIC ABUSE/VIOLENCE
RELATIONSHIP ABUSE/VIOLENCE
EMOTIONAL, VERBAL & PHYSICAL ABUSE

The Eastlake Police Victims Assistance Program offers a confidential support group for women who are currently in or who have been in an unhealthy relationship.

WHERE
Eastlake Police Department
35150 Lakeshore Boulevard
Eastlake, OH 44095

WHEN
Monday evenings from 6:30-8p.m.

There is no fee for participating in the support group
Please contact the Eastlake Police Victim Advocates at 975-4252
or 951-1400 for further information.

Thanks! Have a great weekend

Christine Tyson
Eastlake Police Department Victim Assistance
(440)951-1400 Ext. 233 or (440)975-4252, 08/30/12 2122hrs officer was dispatched to the area of Payless Shoe Source on Vine St for a report of an intox male walking down Vine St.  Officer was advised that the male was in between the buildings, on the ground passed out. On arrival the male was lying between the buildings. The 53 year old male resident had defecated in his pants.  He used vulgarity towards officers when told get up.  The male attempted to stand up and fell down, twice.  He was placed under arrest for disorderly intox and transported him to EPD for booking where he was held until sober., Shared from Kirtland PD, 08/30/12 2115hrs several 911 calls were received of a fight in the intersection of SR 91 and Vine St. Callers reported a male got off his motorcycle and punched another male in a vehicle.  The 52 year old male from Willoughby Hills was upset that the 19 year old motorist from Mentor cut him off in a parking lot. They both exchanged words, had an opprotunity to talk things out and neither party wishes to press charges., 08/30/12 1618hrs report of a car into a tree in the 36900 block of Lakeshore Blve. A tie rod on the vehicle broke causing the 55 year old male resident to loose control of the vehicle. He was treated for minor injuries on scene. The driver made arrangements with the homeowner to take care of the damage to the property., 08/30/12 1535hrs a male and female arguing over a beer in the parking lot caused a disturbance at the Eastlake Terrance Apts. The two decided to separate for the night, the female in her apartment building with the male staying two buildings down., 08/30/12 1112hrs report of a suspicious vehicle with possible drug activity at Clearwater Apts. On arrival the occupants of the vehicle were identifed and questioned as to the reason they were there. A consent search of the vehicle netted the arrest of 23 year old Robert Hilston and 21 year old John Callahan both of Painesville for felony possession of herion and drug abuse instruments. Both are being held without bond until arraignment this morning., Ohio texting ban for drivers starts Friday
 By MITCH STACY 

The Associated Press 

COLUMBUS, Ohio — 
People who text or fiddle with other hand-held electronic devices while driving anywhere in Ohio will be breaking the law beginning Friday.

That's when Ohio's statewide texting ban for drivers goes into effect, but police and state troopers will issue just warnings — instead of $150 tickets — for the first six months.

Teen drivers must especially take heed: While texting behind the wheel will be a secondary offense for adults — meaning they have to be pulled over for speeding or some other offense before they can get a ticket for texting — it will be a primary offense for those 18 and under, so they can be more easily ticketed.

The law, which was passed by the state legislature this year, restricts juvenile drivers from using cellphones, iPods, laptops or other electronic devices. They can't make calls or browse the Web while driving.

"We believe the biggest impact will be in the public awareness that this is now against the law," said Jay McDonald, president of the Ohio Fraternal Order of Police, which supported the measure. "It's going to be a law that's going to be hard to enforce, but we're hoping people will now realize it's against the law, and the deterrent that comes with that will lead to a decrease in the people who do text and drive."

Ohio becomes the 39th state in the country to ban texting while driving, according to the Governors Highway Safety Association. Many Ohio cities already have their own texting-while-driving bans, and the state law won't trump those ordinances if they are tougher.

The measure does allow all drivers to text and use their cellphones in cases of an emergency and when the vehicle is stopped and off the road. Other exemptions include using a hand-held device for navigational purposes. Hands-free devices are allowed, but they can't be manipulated while driving. Adults can still talk on the telephone while driving, but juveniles can't.

Ebony Johnson, 35, of Cincinnati, said she was aware that the law was going into effect and thinks it's a good one.

"I don't text while I am driving," the mother of seven said. "I have babies, and you never can be sure what other drivers are going to do. You have to stay alert all the time."

The law makes texting while driving a misdemeanor, with possible fines of $150. Minors can be fined $150 for the first offense and have their license suspended for 60 days. Repeat teen offenders can be fined $300 and have their license taken away for a year.

The Ohio FOP would have preferred that texting be a primary offense for all drivers — not just teens — because it would have been easier to enforce. Still, the group likes it because it gives officers an avenue to investigate whether texting has played a role in a traffic accident.

State Rep. Rex Damschroder, one of the sponsors of the bill, said he plans to introduce legislation in the future that makes texting while driving a primary offense for adults, too, not just juveniles.

Mary Allen, 38, of Cincinnati, said she thinks the same restrictions should apply to adults.

"Adults can make the same mistakes as kids, if they are texting and driving," she said.

___

Associated Press writer Lisa Cornwell in Cincinnati contributed., 08/30/12 The traffic light at SR 91 and SR 2 has malfunctioned and is on flash - we are waiting for the repair crews arrival, 08/28/12 1922hrs officers were dispatched to Dover Place Apts on the report of a male looking into the callers apartment window. When the complainant opened her door the male fled on foot. The 51 year old male was located still in the complex and was identified. The complainant did not wish to pursue any charges, she only wanted the male told to stay away from her residence. He was cited for disorderly conduct for causing alarm to another and released on scene., 08/28/12 1757hrs officers responded to the area of Morris and Luanna for a hit-skip accident. According to witnesses the speeding vehicle struck the guardrail and a garbage can then fled the scene. The vehicle was located on E 332St with the garbage can still wedged underneath the vehicle. The driver of the vehicle, a 44 year old woman, was arrested after being found hiding in a closet at the home. She was charged with hit-skip, drivers licence required and failure to control., Courtesy of the News Herald: The Chardon Police Department is looking for a suspect in a robbery that occurred early Sunday morning, and the incident may be connected to two other similar crimes in Willoughby and Mentor.

At 3:35 a.m. Chardon police and the Geauga County Sheriff’s Office responded to the Wal-Mart at 223 Meadowlands Drive for a report of a robbery and a theft of a vehicle, said Chardon Police Chief Timothy McKenna in a news release.

The victim, who was homeless and living out of his blue 2001 Ford Focus, stated that at about 3:30 a.m. the suspect approached his car in the parking lot and asked if he could use a cell phone and what time it was, McKenna said.

When the victim realized the time, he told the suspect he was late to pick up his girlfriend from work.

At that point, the suspect pointed a black handgun at the victim and asked, “How much money do you have and what do you have in the car?”

The suspect then ordered the victim to exit the vehicle and empty his pockets.

Before taking the vehicle, the suspect allowed the victim to take his infant daughter from the back seat of the car, McKenna said.

Later on, the Sheriff’s Office notified police that the car was found unoccupied and abandoned in the 400 block of Center Street.

The suspect is described as a black male, approximately 5-feet-6 to 5-feet-9-inches tall, weighing 160 pounds with a messy cornrow hairstyle, small goatee and wearing a white T-shirt.

Soon after the incident in Chardon, similar crimes occurred in Willoughby and Mentor. 

 At 4:07 a.m., Mentor police responded to the Shell gas station at 7408 Mentor Ave. after a man came into the station, demanded money and brandished a black handgun.

The suspect, described as a black male with a thin build, standing about 5-feet-11-inches tall and wearing a white T-shirt, blue jeans, a baseball hat and a bandana over his face, also took many packages of Newport cigarettes and Black & Mild cigars. He then fled on foot south on Route 306.

A few minutes later at 4:13 a.m., Willoughby Police responded to the True North Shell Station at 34802 Ridge Road, which was also robbed at gunpoint.

Chardon police are working with both Willoughby and Mentor police to determine if the incidents are related.

Anyone with information is asked to contact Chardon police at 440-286-6123, Willoughby police at 440-953-4210 or Mentor police at 440-974-5763., 08/27/12 1516hrs 22 year old Brent Loparo's sweet tooth at Walmart now has him facing felony drug charges as well as the theft of a candy bar and cookies. Loparo, a resident is charged with shoplifting $2.00 worth of merchandise, felony drug possession and drug abuse instruments. He is being held without bond., 08/27/12 0254hrs officers responded to E 362ST for a disturbance between a male and female. On arrival the intoxicated female advised she had just arrived home and found all of her belongings in the drive and on the front steps.  The male involved had boarded up the doors from the inside and she could not get into the house  She then threw a brick through the front window and the two began to argue, one inside and one outside. Arrangements were made and the female was picked up to stay elsewhere for the night. At 0453hrs the female went back to the house and ripped out the screen from the window she had broken. She was arrested, cited for disorderly intoxication and held until sober., 08/26/12 1045hrs pulling into EPD parking lot a male and female were sitting parked in a vehicle in the front lot. As the officer pulled through the lot to park, the couple were staring at him in a bizarre manner. The officer returned to identify the pair - the driver, 33 year old male from Mentor on the Lake had a warrant for his arrest out of Mayfield Hts PD. He was arrested on the warrant and also given a citation for possessing a false ID.  The male later began having withdrawls and was transported for treatment., Mentor Shell Gas Station located at Mentor Ave and SR 306 was robbed at gunpoint by this male. The incident occurred early Sunday morning. Anyone with information is asked to call Mentor Police Detective Bureau at 440-974-5763. This incident is most likely related to a similar robbery in Willoughby the same morning., 08/26/12 0110hrs EPD responded to the Chagrin River Yacht Club on the report of a disturbance. On arrival several individuals, all of whom were intoxicated, each had different accounts of an assault that had occurred. The melee began over a port-a-potty incident that ended up with seven people, men and women in their 40’s and 50’s, in a knock down brawl. One male was transported to Lake West for an arm injury. Due to the conflicts in the accounts given the report has been forwarded to the Prosecutor for review of charges., Please keep in mind that today is the first day of school in Eastlake.  Let's be extra careful as we drive around the city to watch for the kids and the buses.  If you have a traffic problem to report please call the station or message us on FB.  Please help us to have another safe school year.

Chief Reik, 08/25/12 2145hrs shoplifter #5 for this date - a 28 year old female was arrested at Walmart after concealing clothing in her purse. She was also charged with obstructing for using her sister's identity during her arrest. She was processed and held on a court set bond., 08/25/12 1500hrs officer investigating a theft from Walmart involving at least two males that occurred 08/24/12 was dispatched to Walmart this day because the males had returned to the store. After a brief foot chase one male, a 21 year old from Euclid was taken into custody and charged with three separate charges of theft. His partner in crime, a 23 year old male from Madison was located in the Vineyards, taken into custody and charged with theft and trespassing. Both were held for $404 bond., 08/25/12 0847hrs a caller reported a male walking in the parking lot of Mannys clad in a hospital gown acting strangely. The 41 year old male voluntarily left the hospital, he was never admitted according to hospital administrators. He was advised not to loiter near closed businesses., UPDATE: 08/23/12 1136hrs burglary report taken in the 33000 block of Lakeshore Blvd. Persons unknown removed a TV, firearms and other valuables from the home. On 08/24/12 23 year old Daniel Kajic from Willoughby and 20 year old Gregory Jenkins - a resident were arrested on several felony charges of burglary and theft of firearms. They are currently being held at EPD without bond until arraignment., 08/24/12 1515hrs a complaint was received of a male loitering outside of Convenient on Vine St bothering the customers entering the store. On arrival the 53 year old male from Geneva was sitting on the sidewalk consuming a Bud Ice beer. The male who was obviously intoxicated was transported back to EPD where he was given a citation and held until sober., 08/24/12 1345hrs EFD responded to King Dr for a dog that was stuck under a shed for about 45 minutes. The FD lifted the shed and another person pulled the dog out from beneath it. The little jack russell was unharmed., 08/23/12 2312hrs officer on patrol E 337St at Lakeland noticed someone sleeping or hiding under a tarp at the bridge. The 45 year old male from Wiloughby was advised the street is not a good place to rest and take a nap and advised to go home., 08/23/12 2217hrs call of a suspicious vehicle parked at the Seawall with blankets lining the windows. A Timberlake officer responded mutual aid for EPD. TPD advised the occupants to take their extracurricular activities elsewhere., 08/23/12 1136hrs burglary report taken in the 33000 block of Lakeshore Blvd. Persons unknown removed a TV, firearms and other valuables from the home. Invest continuing, 08/22/12 1519hrs a 40 year old female from Euclid shoplifting with her 15 year old daughter was arrested for theft at Walmart. The mother concealed $15.76 worth of small toys in her purse, the daughter concealed $15.52 worth of merchandise in her purse. The two females, along with two small toddlers, were transported back to EPD where the 40 year old was processed and later released on an unsecured bond. Walmart declined to prosecute the juvenile due to extenuating circumstances., 08/22/12 1403hrs EPD responded to Clearwater Apts on Curtis Blvd for an aggravated burglary complaint. The victim reported persons unknown to him entered and removed a 47” television from the living room.  The two main suspects are described as a black male, early 20’s, approx. 5’10” with a thin build and a black female approx. 5’5”, slightly overweight. Waiting in the parking lot an additional two black males were observed. All four entered the suspect vehicle described as an older green VW, unknown model with a temporary license plate.  Investigation is continuing., Our investigation has led us to apply for and receive an arrest
warrant for Joshua Baughman for the charge of felonious assault. 
This warrant is for the shooting at the WalMart in Eastlake on Aug
20th.  He is a white male 5ft 11in with hazel eyes and a bald head. 
He has no specific address but is known to be in the Western Lake
County area.
He owns a 1993 Harley Davidson 60TLK.   He is considered armed and dangerous and we do not want anyone in the public to attempt to apprehend him.  Please contact you local police agency if he is seen and call the Eastlake Police Department 440 951-1400 with any information on his whereabouts.
Chief Larry Reik
440 951-1400, 08/21/12 1535hrs noise disturbance at Ranch Manor Apts. The caller reported loud music and when he confronted the person responsible they threatened him. In speaking with caller on scene the incident occurred over a week ago. He was advsied to call back when/if the male returns to the parking lot., 08/21/12 1343hrs a motorist reported juveniles in a car threw a full water bottle at his car while he was driving. The two 16 year old males were located in the area and agreed to pick up garbage instead of recieving littering citations., 08/21/12 0635hrs criminal damage report taken on Sandy Knoll. Caller found his neighbor's mailbox was thrown in his pool and a pcinic table was broken. The mailbox was removed and returned to the neighbor. Throughout the day two more callers from the area reported damage to their mailboxes. Report taken, 08/21/12 0425hrs report of a male on the ground with four others around him in the 37800 block of Lakeshore Bl. The adults, all relatives were assisting in getting the intoxicated male into his home on Michelle Ln. He was placed in his home and was all set., null, At 11:00 pm. on Monday August 20, 2012, Eastlake Police responded to Lake West Hospital in Willoughby after a 27-year-old Cleveland man had driven himself after claiming to have been shot while seated in his vehicle in the Eastlake Wal-Mart parking lot.

According to the Cleveland man he had pulled into a parking spot to go shopping when an unknown white male entered the passenger side of his vehicle and allegedly began demanding that he hand over “everything he had”, before shooting the victim in the side of the chest, with possibly an semi-auto pistol. The suspect then fled the area on foot and the victim drove himself to the hospital.  

Investigators were reviewing store video in order to gather more information. The victim was transported via helicopter to the Cleveland MetroHealth Medical Center where he is in stable condition. Anyone with information contact Eastlake Police at 440-951-1400., Believes 08/19/12 2119hrs several calls of the smell of gas in the areas of Sunoco, E 348St, E 349St, the Croatian Lodge, Timberlake, SR 91 and Lakeshore, Jalisco, Chagrin Trailer Park. Three East Ohio trucks responded to the areas along with EFD. East Ohio Gas believes it was an "airborne release" explained as meaning the odor seems to pass through and dissipate. By 2312hrs the area was odor free., 08/19/12 1456hrs Officers were dispatched to the 1200 block of E 346St for a complaint of an unknown male walking around an unoccupied house.  Upon arrival officers approached the male and attempted to identify him.  He initially stated his name with a date of birth of 12/13/90.  A computer check revealed nothing in file.  Officers asked the male how old he was and he stated he was 20 years old.  Officers advised the male that his age doesn't add up and asked his age again. This time the male stated he was 19 about to turn 20.  Officers advised him that if he was born in 1990, he would be 21 now and be turning 22. He then provided his correct information. The 26 year old male from Cleveland was taken into custody for falsification and  two felony warrants, one from LCSO and one from CCSO., 08/19/12 0354hrs a vehicle parked at the Seawall was observed to have a haze of smoke in and around the vehicle with a strong odor of marijuana. The three occupants were identifed. One 19 year old male from Willoughby was cited for possession of marijuana, a 20 year old male from Willowick was cited for open container, and the 16 year old female driver was cited for curfew, transported to EPD where her parent picked her up. The two males were released on the scene., 08/19/12 0212hrs on patrol an officer came across a car in a ditch in the 1500 block of E 332St with a 19 year old male from Cleveland standing outside of the vehicle. The male, who was under several suspensions, stated a female was driving the car, left on foot to her to get help, but could not provide any information on her as he just "recently met her."  Due to the vehicle blocking the street lane a tow was ordered. The male was given a ride to EPD to wait for a ride. Surprisingly the mysterious female did not return., 08/18/12 0216hrs a 43 year old male from Willowughby was stopped for speeding and weaving on Lakeshore Bl. When approached and asked how much he had to drink he advised "about a beer". Exitting his vehicle he lost balance and fell into the side of his van. He was taken into custody for OVI and two outstanding warrants from neighboring departments. Score 189, 08/17/12 2059hrs a 24 year old female frm Chardon was arrested at Walmart for concealing $28.54 worth of Health and Beauty items. While waiting for EPD's arrival in the Loss Prevention office the female punched and put a hole in the office wall. She was charged with theft and criminal damaging., 08/17/12 2026hrs trespassing complaint in the 1200 block of E 359St. The caller reported a male was mowing her neighbors lawn but is not suppose to. The 44 year old male resident was trying to be neighborly and advised to seek permission to do so first., 08/17/12 0803hrs theft from vehicle report in the 500 block of Woodstock. Suspects shattered a window of the vehicle to gain entry. One item from the vehicle was found in Euclid and turned over to Euclid PD. Investigaton continuing., 08/16/12 0905hrs EPD and EFD assisted in removing a dog from a roof on St Lawrence. The friendly female pup was nudging a foam panel surrounding a window air conditioner which leads to the roof. The dog was placed back into the home, the panel re-duct taped. Nice try but the dog escaped two more times over the day. At 1158hrs, our third trip back, the window air conditioner was removed by EFD and the window closed., 08/15/12 2251hrs report of a theft in progress on the new property of Walmart. A 26 year old female was located on the property. She is the supervisor for the construction site and was delivering a piece of equipment to be used in the morning., 08/15/12 2157hrs a complainant on Parkway reported his wife locked him out of the house and will not let him back in. All parties were counseled - one decided to stay upstairs for the night and the other downstairs. They will resume discussing their issues in the morning., 08/15/12 2122hrs a 16 year old male from Willowick was cited and his vehicle towed after being stopped for traveling 90MPH on SR 2. The juvenile had a temporary drivers license issued about 4 weeks ago and did not have a licensed passenger, or any passengers in the vehicle., 08/15/12 1828hrs EPD responded to E 361St at the RxR tracks for the report of a female laying on the tracks. The 20 year old female resident was identified. She advised she was taking a picture of the tracks while laying down to compliment the poem she is composing., 08/15/12 1254hrs a motorist reported a female riding in a Jazzy chair southbound in the northbound berm of SR 91. At that time the female was not located. The 57 year old female was spotted on 91 again at 1737hrs. She was advised to use the sidwalk for her travels., 08/15/12 1147hrs report of a disturbance on a Lake Tran bus on Willowick Dr. The bus driver and a passenger were having a disagreement over a route to take. Willowick PD assisted in handling the complaint., Shared from Mentor PD:
Help us locate missing juvenile Travis L. Burke 17yrs old...
Burke is missing from Mentor and currently has a warrant for his arrest out of Lake County Juvenile Court. He is last known to be hanging out in the area of Fleet Ave. in Cleveland. He may be with his 18 yr old girlfriend Syndey Rae Shinault. If you have any information on his whereabouts contact Mentor Police 440 255 1234 or your local police department., Eastlake Community Shred Day will be Saturday September 15th 10am to 2pm behind Eastlake City Hall. This is free service for Eastlake residents., 08/14/12 20 year old Kantrice Byrd a resident, was arrested on a felony charge of forgery and a misdemeanor charge of theft. She is accused of opening a checking account with a fraudulent check then making a withdrawl on the account. She is currently awaiting a court appearance., 08/14/12 1402hrs calls of disturbance in the 1300 block of E 345St. A male was pacing up and down the area screaming. The 21 year old male was on the phone arguing with his girlfriend yelling he wanted her to pick him up from Euclid because he has been in Eastlake for 4 days. He was advised to put on his shoes and start walking., 08/14/12 0048hrs EPD responded to Eastlake Terrace Apts for an unruly 16 year old male. The juvenile was transported to his grandparents home for the evening. Mom was advised to follow up with her son's probation officer at juvenile court., 08/13/12 2010hrs report of a fight in front of the skate park, The juveniles were just practicing grappling techniques and playing around., 08/13/12 1241hrs complainant reported he is recieving masked phone calls (dailing one number but it shows up as a different number) showing Adult Mart to be the caller advising him to pick up "certain items" from the store he ordered or it would compromise his credit. A phone call to the district office was made, they advised they are having an on-going problem with the prankster involving all of their stores., 08/13/12 0235hrs domestic disturbance at the Lakeside Apts between a 30 year old male and his 37 year old girlfriend. On arrival the male had already left the apartment. Verbal argument only over the female receiving a call from another male on her cell phone while the two were out., 08/12/12 0157hrs a 16 year old male was arrested and is currently being held at the Lake County Detention for domestic violence and felony disrupting public service. The juvenile reportedly struck and pushed down his mother over the past several days and took her cell phone preventing her from calling EPD. This alleged behavior stems from the juvenile wanting his mothers pain medication to sell., 08/12/12 0003hrs grand theft auto report taken from Pinehurst. The complainant advised he met a female in Cleveland at a bar, returned to his home to change his clothes leaving the female in the car with the vehicle running. When he returned outside the car and the female were gone., 08/12 2315hrs officers responded to the 800 block of Waverly for a fight complaint.  Upon arrival officers found several males holding a bloody male down.  The 27 year old  was highly intoxicated and combative Officers where advised that the male became confrontational as he drank. He became extremely upset with his girlfriend and punched out the front window of his car causing lacerations to his hand.  The male calmed down when rescue arrived and treated his hand.  He refused transport to a hospital.  He had not hurt anyone and did not damage anyone else's property.  He stated he was done drinking and would go to bed.  He was advised that if he became violent again he would be arrested. At 0017hrs officers where called back to Waverly.  The 27 year old was again being violent.  He observed officers approaching, put his hands on his head and advised officers to arrest him stating he would be better off in jail.  We complied., 08/10/12 2232hrs report of a disorderly male at the Captain's Stadium.  A 22 year old male from New York was released to his friends and kicked out of the park after stadium personnel reported him running onto the field., 08/10/12 1812hrs a 53 year old female shoplifter (resident) at Dollar General was approached by store employees. She began arguing with the employees and made her way out to her vehicle. When advised EPD was on the way, the thief decided to pay for the items she concealed, which Dollar General accepted and declined to prosecute. The female was banned from all Dollar General stores., 08/10/12 1715hrs EPD responded to Longfellow on the report juveniles were smoking marijuana. Three individuals were located on the playground, two female residents, 14 and 15 years old and an 18 year old male from Euclid. A smoking pipe was located on the adult male. He was taken into custody on the charge of drug paraphernalia., 08/10/12 1648hrs complaint of a male yelling at passing cars and other pedestrians trying to start fights and using profanities on Vine St near E 360St.  The male approached two juveniles wanting to fight them. At this point a witness intervened. The male also punched a window of a business on Vine breaking it.  The 18 year old male was located on foot a short distance away. He said he was upset over girlfriend problems and that he has anger issues. He was arrested for criminal damage and is being held for bond., 08/09/12 2313hrs trouble between neighbors in the 100 block of Traymore. The call came in as a 32 year old male threatening to harm a 67 year old male. The 37 year old, who lives several doors down, was advised not to return to the callers property or he could face charges., 08/09/12 1949hrs three female roommates from Richmond Hts, ages ranging from 19-21 were arrested together for stealing $223.07 collectively. They were handcuffed together, transported to EPD, processed and held pending bond or court appearance., 08/09/12 1746hrs burglary report taken on Highland Dr - currently under investigation, 08/09/12 1718hrs juvenile complaint at Jakse - two 14 year old boys were reportedly damaging the swings at the park. The youths were spoken to and an officer stood by while the boys fixed the swings., This is the back of the shirt the robbery suspect is wearing - he is on surveillance wearing the same clothing in each robbery., Robbery suspect - surveillance from both stores BP and Convenient suggest the same male committed each robbery.  He is described as a white male, stocky build with dark short hair. He told the cashier at BP he had a gun but did not brandish the weapon. EPD is requesting assistance in idenifying this suspect. All information is appreciated. Contact Det Bowersock 951-1400 or cbowersock@eastlakepd.org, 08/09/12 0630hrs the same white/male suspect from the BP robbery from last night attempted another robbery at the Convenient on Vine St but was unsuccessful in his atempt. Pics from their camera will be posted soon., 08/09/12 0250hrs EPD and EFD were on SR 2 W/B near E 337St on a reported injury one car accident. While on scene, the fire engines horn began blowing.  The engine was blocking the right two lanes with overheard lights on because of the accident.  A vehicle was passing the engine on the right and driving into the accident scene.  A cruiser was able to block the path of the vehicle. The 67 year old male from Euclid, who was unable to perform field sobriety testing due to not being able to maintain his balance, was taken into custody for OVI and right of way for a public safety vehicle. He was processed and held on court set bond.  Score  .195, 08/08/12 2035hrs EPD and EFD responded for a loud noise  coming from the roadway at E 337St and Lakeland where construction is taking place but no construction workers were the area. A contractor was located and advised they were testing lines with air. No hazard., 08/08/12 1959hrs EPD responded to Dover Place Apts for an argument between two couples. It was a verbal altercation only stemming from some bad news one of the involved had to give to another and also about their beer situation. All involved were calmed down., 08/08/12 1707hrs a 33 year old female from Mentor was arrested after concealing merchandise in her purse at Walmart. The female also switched price tags on the tent she was purchasing for a total theft of $85.97. After processing was complete she posted bond and was released., Route 2 pavement repairs in Mentor and Willoughby will affect traffic for the next few nights and early mornings, the Ohio Department of Transportation announced.
Crews are scheduled to close the left two lanes on Route 2 eastbound between Routes 91 and 306 from 7 p.m. Thursday to 7 a.m. Friday for pavement work.
Traffic also will be affected later Friday, when crews are scheduled to close the same lanes in the same area from 7 p.m. until 6 a.m. Monday to continue with pavement repairs.
(News Herald), 08/08/12 2116hrs a robbery occured at the BP gas station located at the corner of Sr 91 and Vine. The suspect indicated he had a weapon. If you can help identify this male please contact Det Bowersock at cbowersock@eastlakepd.org, 08/07/12 2355hrs report of a hit-skip accident in the 1300 block of Waverly. It was reported the car hit a ditch and left vehicle parts behind. On scene it was determined a car hit the right side of the road and lost the oil pan. Officers followed the vehicle's fluid trail to a residence on E 332St. The vehicle owner did not want an accident report stating his friend was driving his car and he would work it out with him. There was no property damage at the scene of the crash - Vitalones responded to apply oil dry on Waverly for the oil spill., 08/07/12 EFD responded to Bryant & Straton College for two people stuck in an elevator on the forth floor. Both parties were extracted by 1836hrs - no injuries/illnesses  reported., 08/07/12 two attempted burglary reports were taken, the first was on Admiral Dr - entry was attempted through a window in the rear of the home, no entry was made. The second attempt was on St Lawrence - the man door to the garage was forced open damaging the frame around the door, nothing was reported stolen., 08/07/12 1142hrs criminal damage complaint in the 34000 block of Glen Dr. The resident reported 2 of their 6 statues were broken. It appears they were damaged by deer as there were several hoof marks near by., 08/07/12 0930hrs a resident reported she had her identity stolen. This was discovered when she began receiving past due utility notices from another home in a neighboring community. The accounts were opened using all of her personal identificaton. Invest continuing., 08/08/12 We are still experiencing problems opening private messages that are being sent. Facebook is working on the problem., 08/06/12 2035hrs Two males, 35 year old Brian Peltz and 34 year old Robert McNeil were at Wickliffe PD posting bond for a female and ended up behind bars themselves. The two are accused of breaking into a business on Lakeland Blvd in Eastlake and stealing over a thousand dollars just prior to arriving at Wickliffe PD. Through interviews of witnesses it was learned one male had a girlfriend in a neighboring city jail. A call to Wickliffe PD was made who promply arrested the men on our charges in their PD's lobby. Peltz is charged with B&E and unauthorized use of a motor vehicle, McNeil is charged with complicity to B&E. Both were held without bond., 08/06/12 1511hrs call of a disturbance in the 36300 block of Lakeland between two business owners. One buisness owner reported the other owner was intoxicated and threatening to "beat him up." In the end the 45 and 48 year old men agreed to act like adults, stay away from each other and wave with all 5 fingers., 08/06/12 1218hrs two adult males from Euclid ages 18 and 20 along with a 16 year old juvenile were arrested outside of Walmart after leaving the store with $143 of merchandise. (clothing). The adults were processed and booked into jail and are being held pending court set bond for the theft. During the processing of the juvenile his mother called and advised he had provided EPD with false information ie; name, age, address etc and that he had warrants out of Cuyahoga Juvenile Court. The juvenile was charged with falsification along with the theft and other misdemeanor charges. He was transported to Lake County Juvenile Detention awaiting a court hearing., 08/06/12 0205hrs parking complaint at Eastview Meadows - a resident reported a vehicle in the lot is "banned" from the apartments and wanted the vehicle towed. She was advised to take it up with management as the complaint could not be verified by the complainant and that is was a private lot., 08/05/12 0253hrs a disturbance in the 34800 block of Curtis Bl between a 43 year old male and a 39 year old female both from Toledo. The male and female, both intoxicated, were arguing over things that occured during the UFC fight they watched at One Wellness. They returned to the hotel for the evening., 08/04/12 1331hrs complaint of a male on the river striking a boat with an axe. The owner of the boat was on scene. He stated he sold the boat to the male for the boat motor., 08/04/12 0154hrs a report of two missing juveniles on E 331St. A 12 year old male was spending the night at a 15 year olds home. The two did the old "stuff the blankets to look like I'm sleeping" trick but it didn't fool mom who repored them missing. The boys returned home a short while later and advised they were bored so they decided to go ride bikes. They were both charged with curfew due to EPD having numerous contacts with the boys., 08/03/12 1956hrs EPD responded to Walmart for two adult males - both from Euclid - fighting in the sporting goods section. The fight began over one of the men's children opening a pack of airsoft rifles in the isle and pumping them up with air.When it discharged it reportedly almost struck the other male's daugher. No one was injured, juveniles were spoken to on all aspects of their behavior as were the adult males., 08/03/12 0209hrs EPD requested assistance from Ashtabula PD to serve a felony warrant from our department on a resident in their city. Beginning on Wednesday, Aug 1 47 year old Edward Marunowski continually called EPD - on Wed. alone he called nearly 70 times within a few hour span disrupting the dispatch center and emergency services. Upon serving the warrant Marunowski resisted arrest with Ashtabula and is facing charges in their city as well. He is currently in Lake County Jail pending bond or arraignment., Due to a glitch we are again unable to open private messages sent on this page today - as soon as it is corrected we will respond. Sorry for the inconvenience., 08/02/12 2004hrs EPD responded to the 900 block of E 349St on a report of a possible overdose. The resident advised they did not know the 23 year old female from Painesville, that she "just showed up" in the yard. The female, Shyla Hobbs, was arrested on felony possession of heroin and drug abuse instruments after being treated at Lake West. She also had three outstanding felony warrants from Willoughby PD and one felony warrant from Willowick PD., 08/02/12 1930hrs a 49 year old male resident was arrested on a felony charge of vandalism at Borac's Landing. The male confronted two adult females from Dublin under the pavilion accusing them of swearing and scaring his young son earlier in the day. To drive his point he slammed his hand on the picnic table striking a laptop, damaging it to the point of it being useless. As it turns out it was a misunderstanding with the two females being falsely accused., 08/02/12 1531 hrs 2 females were arrested for shoplifting at Wal-Mart. The 2 women concealed $105.00 worth of merchandise underneath items they actually purchased, then left the store. Officers then found that their 2 children, ages 3 and 4, also attempted to walk out of the store with toys that were not payed for. The women were brought back to EPD where they were charged with theft. They promptly bonded themselves out, as they had over $1000.00 cash on them. The 2 children were not charged and released to their uncle, who was with the group at the store., 08/02/12 1606 hrs. a teenager came into EPD lobby with a handcuff on his wrist. Apparently, he had lost the key and was unable to remove it. The dispatcher was able to assist by removing the hanfcuff, 08/02/12 1519hrs a male in a green mini van was reportedly driving around the surfside area asking residents if they wanted their roofs fixed. An attempt to locate the vehicle/male were unsuccessful., 08/02/12 1328hrs EPD was requested to perform a welfare check on E 357St. A female from Madison called reporting she has not seen or heard from her mother in over a month. The 49 year old female checked okay and was advised to contact her daughter., 08/01/12 1917hrs passing motorist reported a male and female performing sexual acts in the parking lot of Handy Rents in front of the building. The 40 year old male from Willowick and 22 year old female from Willoughby were located at Quickies Drive Thru. The two were simulating some acts and were advised to move along., 08/01/12 1726hrs an employee at the Radisson reported an odor of marijuana coming from one of the rented rooms. Management opened the room, there was nothing in plain sight and the customer was not currently in the room. They were advised to call back should the customer return and cause a problem., 08/01/12 1703hrs complaint of juveniles jumping off the roof of the pavilion and building at Jakse Park.  On arrival the two juveniles in question admitted to being on the roof and were advised to stay off., 08/01/12 0157hrs a vehicle traveling 70mph on SR 91 was stopped for speeding. Immediately the driver advised the officer he had a suspended license and apologized for “jumping on it” on 91. When asked how much he had to drink her replied, “less than by brother, that’s why I’m driving.”  He refused all sobriety testing stating he had “too much to drink and was going to jail anyways.”  The 42 year old from Cleveland was arrested for OVI, driving under suspension, speed and open container. He also had active warrants for his arrest through Willoughby and Mentor PD’s. His 42 year old passenger (brother) from Mentor was also cited for open container and transported to an apartment complex in Willoughby., 07/31/12 2049hrs a resident from E 331St reported two males with a blanket and pillows were camping out in her backyard by the woods. The 45 year old from Willoughby and 57 year old from Geneva were located walking onto Ranch Manor Apts property. They stated they were guests of one of the tennants at Ranch Manor. They were advised to stay out of the woods., 07/31/12 2016hrs complaints received of a male operating a crotch rocket around the area with a small child sitting on the gas tank with no helmet. The 19 year old Willowick man was located and given a citation for riding with the child on the tank. The mother of the 4 year old was called to pick up her child from the traffic stop., The RiverFest parade will kick off Saturday at 1pm. The parade route will be: North High School to Willowick Dr, to Roberts Rd to SR 91 continuing down Lakeshore ending at Erie Rd. If you have any questions regarding participation in the parade contact the Mayor's office at 951-1416 - thank-you, 07/31/12 EPD responded to Manor Park Apts for a disturbance between a male and a female. The argument was verbal only between the ex-boyfriend/girlfriend over the male moving out. The 25 year old male was taken into custody on an outstanding warrant through our department for an assault that occurred on 07/22 at Billys Old Front Bar where the male is accused of punching a 48 year old male who was standing in the parking lot. The victim fell, striking his head on the pavement and was transported to Lake West for his injuries., 07/31/12 2013hrs a resident reported a juvenile was trespassing behind a vacant home and harassing the deer. The 17 year old male from Willowick was advised of the complaint and told to use the common path instead of cutting through. Conflicting stories on the deer, the complainant just didn't want any harm to come to the deer., 07/31/12 1848hrs several calls of a disturbance in the 1400 block of E 337St. A vehicle being operated by a 33 year old female was pulling out of a driveway (which went across the yard to reach the street) with a 50 year old male in pursuit grabbing the wheel. The two were identified and stated they were having a verbal argument. There were no signs of violence on either party who were advised and agreed to stay in separate corners of the house for the night., 07/30/12 1330hrs a 31 year old male from Chardon and his 29 year old wife were arrested and charged with theft from Walmart. The couple was observed by loss prevention concealing $119.00 worth of merchandise. (DVD's) They were processed and are being held for bond., 07/30/12 1157hrs report of a theft of copper from a business on Lakeland. The manager of the business reviewed the security tapes and saw an electrical contractor they had hired take the copper and later place it in his car. When he went to confront the male he had already left the building. The manager then drove to the scrap yard further down Lakeland and located his copper. Returning to the business, the contractor had returned - EPD was called and the 52 year old male from Mansfield was arrested and charged with theft. That was way to easy...., 07/30/12 0711hrs a caller reported at Jakse Park there appears to be a male by the baby pool wrapped up in plastic and looking blue laying on the cement bench. The male was actually wearing a blue hoody that was pulled over his head. The 37 year old resident was sleeping on the bench. He was sent on his way., 07/30/12 0007hrs complaint of criminal damaging at Eastlake Tavern. A 23 year old male, supposedly homeless, apparently took offense to a 57 year old male’s comment that he needed to do something with his life. The 23 year old dumped a bucket of water inside the 57 year olds truck damaging a laptop computer and digital camera. Invest continuing., 07/29/12 1723hrs welfare check conducted on a 71 year old male in the 1000 block of E 348St. One of the complainants advised the male was walking, kept falling down and had a cut on his arm. The caller then proceeded to drive the male to his residence on E 348St. On arrival to the home it was determined the male had a combination of a little too much to drink and a hip problem. He declined medical care., 07/29/12 1427hrs EPD was dispatched to the Chagrin Trailer Park on the report there was a 59 year old male walking around the park naked. The male was located at his residence clothed. The highly intoxicated male was advised if he leaves the trailer again that evening he will be arrested. (According to the witness, his roommate, he stepped out of the trailer and back in - he did not walk around the park.), 07/29/12 0413hrs an assault complaint - a resident in the 33000 block of Lakeshore took a male friend back to his home because the male was intoxicated. The drunk male fell asleep in a chair. The brother of the resident came out of his room, woke the male up then punched him in the nose for sleeping in his dog's chair. Charges pending, victim went to the hosptial for the injury., 07/29/12 0135hrs a 17 year old male from Painesville with a suspended license won't be valid for a while longer. The juvenile was clocked on radar traveling 97MPH in a posted 60MPH zone. He attempted to elude the officer on Vine St after exitting the freeway. When the operator finally stopped and the vehicle was approached the juvenile began punching his seat and yelling at himself for "being so stupid to try and out run the police." He was arrested and the vehicle towed. He was cited for for reckless operation - operating without due regard for safely, failure to comply with a lawful police order and driving under suspenstion. He was released to a guardian., 07/28/12 1943hrs EPD and EFD responded to the 1200 block of E 346St for an open burning complaint. The resident was cited for the open burning having been warned last weekend about a large open burn., 07/28/12 1855hrs EFD responded to Borac's Landing on a report from Eastlake Marina that people lighting off fireworks at Borac's started a boat on fire. By 1951hrs the boat was turned back over to the owners., 07/28/12 1847hrs two 15 year old females, one a resident and one from Willowick were arrested for assaulting each other at Jakse Park. The two were fighting over "rumors". Parents were contacted, the juveniles were processed and released back to parents., 07/28/12 1251hrs EFD responded to Timberlake Beach on the report of a sailboat possibly in distress. It was determined there was no hazard, just possibly a rough start sailing., 07/28/12 0656hrs three fishermen at the Seawall arrived before the attendant and were refusing to pay the fee to fish.  On EPD arrival the three decided to leave for the day., 07/28/12 0337hrs disturbance between two males at South Shore Maraina. A 47 year old intoxicated male was refusing to get off the complainant's boat. On arrival the male had already left the boat and found hiding near the pavillion. The resident was given a courtesy ride to his home on E 331St., 07/27/12 2349hrs a 52 year old male from Cleveland driving a semi-truck called EPD from Walmart to report a 38 year old female also from Cleveland in the the truck and refusing to get out of the semi when asked. She was escorted from the truck and waited outside Walmart for someone to pick her up., 07/27/12 1827hrs report of a disturbance in the parking lot by Flavors on the Vine. The disturbance was over a parking issue. A patron of Flavor's was parked in a Zeppe's parking spot. The vehicle was moved by it's owner and the owner of Zeppe's advised to more clearly mark his designated parking area., 07/27/12 1808hrs a 37 year old female from Grafton was arrested for disorderly intoxication. She was walking on SR 91 near SR 2 and was observed falling into the guardrail while arguing with someone on the phone - she had also urinated herself. She stated she was drinking at a bar on Vine, got into a fight with the person giving her a ride and got out of the car on 91. She was cited and held until sober., North High Boosters have donated this eco friendly solar powered go-cart to the Eastlake Juvenile Diversion program.  This will be raffled off on Aug 6th.  If you want tickets for $1.00 each or 6 for $5.00 please stop by our booth at the Riverfest this weekend from Thursday through Sunday.  If you want tickets and will not be able to come up to the festival call 951-1400 and ask for ext 231 then leave a message.  ALL proceeds benefit the diversion program which provides for an immediate impact for juveniles who have committed minor crimes and curfew violations., 07/27/12 0204hrs Officer on routine patrol in the harbor area observed a red Chevy truck off the road at Galalina and Forest.  Upon approaching the vehicle a w/f was standing outside the drivers door, which was open, leaning into the vehicle. The female was identified as a 21 year old from Painesville. She was asked what she was doing here and she stated she isn't allowed to smoke at her house so she wanted to have a cigarette on the way home from Nemeth's bar, (also in Painesville). She was asked if she knew where she was and she stated she wasn't sure because she took all back roads.  She was advised that she was in Eastlake and she stated, "really, I don't know how I got here."  
Upon investigating the accident, it was discovered that she was traveling n/b Forest, which is designated as a one-way s/b street, and missed the left turn onto Galalina Dr.  She traveled off the right side of the road and struck several railroad ties and got the truck stuck. (Otherwise she would be in the lake). It also appeared she struck a median or barrier wall due to heavy passenger side damage. The truck was still running and in drive.  The driver claimed she did not know what else she struck. After failing sobriety testing she was taken into custody charged with OVI, failure to control and one way street. Score .206, 07/26/12 2140hrs noise complaint reported in the 33200 block of Lakeshore. The caller advised either a generator, jackhammer or deisel truck was causing the disturbance. The source was found at a near by home - they were pressure washing and had finshed for the night., 07/26/12 1821hrs call of an injured goose in the roadway in front of City Hall - an employee of Lake Metro Parks pulled over and took the goose to the Rehab Center., 07/26/12 1808hrs complaint of juveniles on the property of a vacant home on E 343St. Two lads and their parents were spoken to, they were advised not to return to the unsafe property., 07/26/12 1545hrs report of a large mattress in the roadway on Lakeshore by the bridge. On arrival a Home Deport truck was loading it back into their truck., 07/26/12 1035hrs noise complaint answered at North High School for explicit music playing loudly at the stadium. The music was off upon our arrival. Student athletes were advised not to play inappropriate music and keep the volume down., 07/26/12 0827hrs a 81 year old female from Willowick came into EPD to confess she ran through the school bus flashing lights on Lakeshore. Due to no complaint being made for the violation it was documented for record only., 07/25/12 1547hrs a 16 year old female called stating her 15 year old brother was "out of control" hitting the walls, yelling and wielding a hammer. The 15 year old was angry at the sister for locking him out of the house, according to the sister as a joke. Both juveniles calmed down however there was damage to the walls - a parent was advised to call EPD upon their return home., 07/25/12 1749hrs EPD responded to Walmart for a shoplifter being detained by Loss Prevention.  The 25 year old male from Concord Twp was arrested for the theft of $69.60 worth of woman's make-up. He was processed and released on court set bond shortly after., 07/25/12 1523hrs officers responded to Dover Place Apts for a female who appeared to be bleeding knocking on apartment doors. On arrival the female was observed staggering through the parking lot with her shoes falling off. The 21 year old female from Mentor could not or would not advise why she was in the complex. She was taken into custody for disorderly intox due to being unable to care for herself., 07/25/12 0314hrs a welfare check was done on a male at Willowood Apts. A resident advised the male was slumped over his steering wheel. The tow truck driver was located, he was resting before repossessing the next vehicle on his list, 07/24/12 2320hrs EPD was directed to Walmart for an assault complaint. A 35 year old male from Cleveland waiting outside the store reported he was assaulted when a female pushed a shopping cart into him. There was no assault it was a verbal argument between the two parties. The 45 year old female from Euclid was taken into custody though on an outstanding warrant with Euclid PD and later released into their custody., 07/24/12 1826rhs a 17 year old female calle EPD reproting she was being "verbaly attacked" at Jakse Park. The caller instigated the event by making phone calls to a couple of other females then arriving at the park to exchange more words. When more people showed up at the park then expected she called EPD for help. They were given advice on ways to handle their issues with each other and sent on their way., 07/24/12 1438hrs a resident on E 349St reports someone keeps flattening his tires. There was no damage to the tires, someone was letting the air out of them. Officer spoke with a 73 year old female that is enamored with the complaintant (but him - not so much). She was advised of what could happen if she continued with the mischief if she is the one responsible., By News-Herald staff
Editor@News-Herald.com
@NHCrimeandFire

Investigators said failure of a propane cylinder led to a fire Monday that destroyed an Eastlake home.

Eastlake Fire Chief Ted Whittington said a company was working on the home while, unbeknownst to the workers or the occupants, the leaky tank filled the home with propane gas, which was later ignited by an open flame.

Firefighters arrived at the home, located at 160 Traymore Blvd., around 2:43 p.m. to find the first and second floors already heavily involved with fire.

Three occupants were home when the fire started. Two escaped without incident, but Whittington said the third had to jump from a second-story window to exit the burning house, which is likely now uninhabitable.

Two workers also were treated for second-degree burns to the arms and released at the scene.

About 10 area fire departments provided mutual aid on the call.

The official cause has been ruled accidental, Whittington said., 07/24/12 1215hrs the RxR gate malfunctioned on E 361St coming down on a truck that was driving over the tracks breaking the gate which in turn blocked part of the roadway. The gate arm was removed from the roadway and Northfolk was notifed. EPD stood by until WPD arrived due to the southern most tracks being in their city., 07/24/12 0852hrs a resident on S Riverview reported a neighbor struck his fence and the vehicle was still resting against it. Both parties were spoken to, there was no damage to the fence however the vehicle was pushed up against it. The driver stated it was accidental and moved the car., 07/23/12 2115hrs EPd is still investigating a hit-skip MVA that ocurrred on SR 91 at SR 2. A vehicle waiting to turn onto W/B SR 2 from 91 was struck by a silver 4D vehicle causing damage to the passenger front and middle areas. Paint chips from the suspect vehicle were collected as evidence and will be sent to the Lake County Crime Lab., 07/23/12 1928hrs EPD responded to the 130 block of E 343St for a 9-1-1 hang up welfare check. Someone was throwing small apples at a window to get the attention of a young adult who resides in the home with his parents. Once they figured out what was occurring they hung up the phone., 07/23/12 1853hrs a 59 year old male on Willowick Dr was arrested for indecent exposure  He was observed by witnesses walking by his home exposing himself while talking into a webcam in the open garage. He was arrested, processed and released on an unsecured bond., 07/23/12 0119hrs a 45 year old male sleeping under a blanket with bicycle next to him by the side of the VFW was woken up and told to continue his journey eastbound to his home in Willoughby., Over the weekend there were several criminal damaging reports taken in the Shoreham area. We have in property an Uncle Sam statue and a sitting girl statue that may have had a fishing pole attached at one time. If you are missing these items you can claim them at EPD., 07/22/12 0041hrs call of a fight in progress at Dover Place in the parking lot. On arrival parties had already separated. A 53 year old intoxicated male was taken into custody for assaulting a 67 year old female. The female suffered minor abrasions and refused medical treatment. The male is being held for bond., 07/22/12 1555hrs report of a theft from vehicle at the Skate Park. The caller reported his camera was taken from his car by juveniles at the park. A consent check of the suspect vehicle turned up negative results and upon further checking the camera was found in the complainant's vehicle., 07/21/12 a 15 year old male from Willoughby was taken into custody after being detained by loss prevention officers at Walmart. The juvenile was observed concealing four packages of cold tablets in his pockets. The very uncooperative, repeat offender juvenile was later transported to Lake County Juvenile Detention charged with theft, disorderly conduct and trespassing., 07/21/12 1722hrs officer responding to Walmart on a different call observed a vehicle in the fire lane with no driver present. Approaching the vehicle a 7 year old was found inside, keys were in the ignition and the vehicle running. When the 20 year old sister of the juvenile returned to the car - after cashing a check - she was arrested for child endangering. The juvenile was later picked up by her mother., 07/21/12 0130hrs theft report taken at Twin Value Optical on Vine St. A shoplifter removed 13 pairs of sunglasses valued at over $1000 from the store while employees were assisting other customers. Invest is continuing..., 07/21/12 0130hrs a motorist reported a vehicle driving on Vine St with only a rim for one of the tires. The vehicle was located on E 330St. The elderly male advised he hit a barrier in Mentor and could not change his tire so he driving home on it. Vitalones was called to assist the male with changing the tire., 07/21/12 0029hrs a complaint of a group of underage people at Uncle Bob's Storage drinking and smoking marijuana. EPD found a band recording music, one can of beer being consumed by a 21 year old and whole lot of XXX vitamin water. There was no marijuana detected - they were advised of the complaint., We want to thank all the people who helped us locate the individuals in the most recent photo post. These individuals were NOT involved in any criminal activity. They were potential witnesses to a hit/skip accident that occurred in the Wal-mart parking lot.
Our apologies if anyone thought it was more than that., Found bicycle on Willowick Dr - girls white Mongoose Cable BMX style - call to claim, 07/19/12 1815hrs call of an trouble with a customer - an irate customer at Valu-King was asked to leave the store - the 66 year old male was upset the store did not have an item he needed and Valu-King did not have rain checks for a cheese they were out of., 07/19/12 1647hrs solicitor complaint on Quentin - the two males trying to sell steaks from their truck were advsied of permit regulations and advised to leave the city., 07/19/12 1505hrs an accident on Lakeshore by Woodland Park had Lakeshore closed for 45 minutes. A vehicle driven by a 56 year old female from Mentor went left of center striking a box truck operated by a 34 year old male from Conneaut. The female was extricated from her vehicle by the fire department and transported for treatment of her injuries. The driver of the truck was not transported., 07/19/12 1331hrs EPD was asked for assistance with a dog that was stuck in a pool in the 800 block of Woodstock. On scene a neighbor arrived home and removed the pug from the pool., This is a friendly message for all of our FB friends.  We began this page in hopes of informing the general public of the exciting, mundane, and varied aspects of our day to day department activities.  As I have read the various posts, much of your feedback shows that most of you are satisfied with the product and compare it favorably to other pages.  Recently I have seen many comments degrading the city as a whole and personal attacks on the residents, law enforcement and each other.  We do not want to alter the page but keep in mind that we deal with a very small portion of the residents and many of our calls do not involve people living in the city.  We have had to remove people from the site and take down posts due to the language and vitriol.  We in no way want to limit the peoples' right to free speech we just ask that you do so on your own page.  We welcome all tips, concerns and ideas on how to make our page the best but please remember to respect others when you create a post.  Complaints can also be taken by phone at 440 951-1400.  Thanks for helping us improve this site and the communication between the police and the community.  Chief Larry Reik, 07/19/12 0601hrs during the accident investigation one of persons interviewed, a 22 year old male resident, was found to have three warrants, one from our department, Mentor PD and Bratenahl PD. He was arrested and later transported to Lake County Jail awaiting bond or court., 07/19/12 0240hrs a motorist reported a vehicle off the road at SR 91 and Stevens crashed and he did not see anyone with the car. The vehicle hit a telephone pole causing severe disabling damage to the car. Attempts were made to locate the owner of the vehicle, a relative provided a cell phone number, hosptials were checked etc. Hours later the 31 year old female driver called EPD stating she had no idea what happened to her car. There was various discrepancies in the interview and still she denied any knowledge or responsibility for the accident. Based upon the investigation and probable cause the female received citations for failure to control and leaving the scene of an accident., 07/18/12 2157hrs EPD received a call from a witness in the 1000 block of E 347St who reported he witnessed two females drag a male to his car and place him in the back seat.  The two females got into the car and left towards Stevens. He said this occurred approximately 20min after the male entered the house under his own power. Long story short, after chasing several leads the bottom line - the male was drinking rum, became intoxicated, the females restrained him from driving as according to them he was severely intoxicated. EPD finally made contact with the male who was eventually returned to his home., 07/18/12 resident from the 1300 block of E 343St reported a vehicle driving past a home yelling obsenities. The vehicle was located on Eastlawn and stopped, occupied by two females and a male. The operator of the vehicle had left a residence on E 343St after some sort of boyfriend/girlfriend drama. They were sent on their way., 07/17/12 2317hrs report of trespassing on the private Galalina Beach. Twenty-three people on the beach were asked to leave. They were friends of a member however the member was not present., 07/17/12 1713hrs a resident on Forest reported an intoxicated female she did not know was on her front porch yelling and swearing. A search of the area and marina did not produce the female., 07/17/12 1655hrs complaint of males standing outside of Surfside Convenient soliciting. The two males, 47 and 48 year old residents were asking customers to use a food stamp card and give them back the cash for it. They were advised if they do this again they will be arrested - sent on their way., 07/17/12 1545hrs 48 year old Paul Abramczyk turned himself in to EPD on a felony warrant for theft of prescription drugs from a female resident. He was released on a court set bond and given his court date., 07/17/12 1058hrs theft of wooden pallets report taken in the 34300 block of Vokes Dr. Approximately 70 pallets were removed from one business and several more from a neighboring buisness., 07/17/12 at 0322hrs EPD received a 9-1-1 call to Pinehurst for a parent that returned home to find her hr 13 year old daughter along with five of her friends, two which had fled on foot, had taken a number coricidin tablets and were suffering ill effects. EFD along with WFD were called to transport the juveniles to Lake West for treatment, one for precautionary measurements. The two males that fled on foot were located shortly afterwards, one by the Bridge on Lake Shore and one had returned home – they were transported for treatment as a precautionary measure as they didn’t appear to be under the influence. All said a 13 yr old female, 14 yr old female and 16 yr old male were charged with drug abuse. The 17 yr old male and 13 yr old male were charged with obstructing police and curfew. A 12 yr old female present at the home was not charged in the incident. Those charged with drug abuse - the three admitted to ingesting between 10-18 tablets each., 07/17/12 0253hrs a good neighbor looking out for another on Glen Dr - the caller heard a dog barking, looking out he noticed some type of a light or flashlight in his neighbors yard. On arrival EPD found the man door to the garage open. It was determined no theft occurred and possibly the wind forced open the door. Way to watch out for your neighbors, could have easily been a theft in progress...., 07/16/12 2322hrs report of a disturbance in the 34800 block of Lakeshore Bl between a male and female. Officers spoke to "birthday boy" who had just turned 21 and was excited to be drunk legally so he decided to head outside and yell his good news., 07/16/12 1844hrs EFD responded mutual aid with WFD for a structure fire on Euclid Ave in Willoughby. They were released from the scene at 2045hrs., Via Mentor Police Department:
Dollar Bank located at 7891 Mentor Ave was just robbed. The suspect is described as a black male, @50yrs old, 5'6"-5'7" tall, med build, sunglasses, green baseball hat, green shirt, blue jeans carrying a white bag. He fled on foot towards the Great Lakes Mall.
 10 minutes ago ·, 07/16/12 1449hrs another shoplifter - a 23 year old male resident of Timberlake. The male was identifed at Walmart, he was told to empty his pockets to see if he had additional merchandise and accidently pulled out his bag of marijuana. He was given a warning on the $10 theft and given a MM citation for possession of marijuana., 07/16/12 1329hrs open burning complaint on Plymouth Rd - parties were advsied not to burn grass., 07/16/12 1011hrs EPD responded to an on-going neighbor problem on Reeves Rd concerning a dog and where it deposits. Both parties were spoken to and the dog owner will be picking up the waste., 07/15/12 1900hrs car vs bicycle E 361St at Vine. The 10 year old male bicyclist was not injured and was released to his mother. Accident report taken, 07/15/12 0226hrs report of a physical fight between two neighbors, one a 52 year old male, the other a 50 year old male at the Chagrin Trailer Park. On arrival the two highly intoxicated males had already made up, they were fighting over one of them losing their keys. Neither party wanted police involvement, both went indoors for the night., 07/15/12 0224hrs officer on patrol SR 91 and Vine stopped at the redlight with a vehicle next to him also waiting. The 22 year old male operator was talking very loudly to his passenger. As the vehicle moved forward it was observed weaving in it's lane of travel almost striking the crub. A traffic stop was conducted, when the vehicle now traveling at 20 MPH, finally stopped. The driver was taken into custody for OVI. His sober passenger drove the vehicle from the scene. Score 162, 07/14/12 1912hrs EPD was dispatched to the Radisson for the odor of marijuana coming from a guest's room. The two rooms in question were checked but no one was there. At 2050hrs we again responded for the same complaint. A 48 year old female from WV was given a MM cite for possession of marijuana., 07/14/12 1416hrs a 20 year old female from Cleveland was arrested for shoplifting $42.67 worth of baby items. During booking she was asked if she wanted to make a written statement to which she replied, "I don't want to make a written statement I just came out here cause I heard you can come to Walmart and boost without getting caught"  She promply posted her cash bond was released when processing was completed., 07/14/12 0247hrs disturbance call outdoors at the Radisson. A wedding party vs a family reunion - a member of the family reunion was walking in the crosswalk to go into the Radisson. The wedding party pulled up in a vehicle and felt he wasn't moving quickly enough and "bumped" the pedestrian with the vehicle which caused the melee to break out between the two groups, a car full of females and members of the family reunion. No one wanted to press charges, parties were dispersed to their respective rooms., 07/13/12 2318hrs a caller reported a possibly impaired MC rider being followed by another on Willowick Dr. The two males were located and a traffic stop initiated. The two sober males had just purchased the bikes today and were practicing driving., 07/13/12 while still at Walmart from the previous call, a verbal dispute was observed by another officer in the parking lot that began inside the store over one party bumping the other in the isle. A 36 year old female from Mentor on the Lake, a 28 year old male from Willowick and a 49 year old female from the city did some mutual pushing and shoving. All were sent on their ways., 07/13/12 1816hrs a 47 year old male from Wickliffe, a repeat Walmart theft offender, was detained at Walmart after concealing 2 bottles of sunscreen, band-aids and several lantern mantles. Merchandise totaling $36.34. Once EPD was called and arrived if appears the male feigns alleged injuries and physical impairments. EFD responded and transported the male to the hospital. During a check of the males property he had a notebook with a shopping list, the shopping list included items he had stolen. The male was told warrants for theft and trespassing will be issued on today's date for his arrest., 07/13/12 1526hrs a 47 year old male resident was taken into custody for theft after concealing $66.95 worith of merchandise, a calculator and three master combo locks, from Drug Mart. He was booked into the jail and held on court set bond of $404., 07/13/12 1245hrs a student at Bryant & Straton College reported her purse stolen from her vehicle. She was running late for class and the lock malfunctioned/wasn't working on her vehicle. Security tapes to be reviewed - invest continues, 07/13/12 0938hrs you know it's going to be a long weekend when the first OVI of the day is at 0945hrs. A family member called to report they were trying to prevent a 37 year old relative from leaving the Dover Place Apts. She was located on SR 91 and stopped near Glen and Iris. The female, obvisoulsy intoxicated, was taken into custody for OVI. She had a partially consumed bottle of vodka as her passenger - score ....... 357, 07/12/12 1615hrs a 19 year old resident spent the night in jail after he was unable to post bond for a theft charge at Walmart. The male attempted to remove a $99.96 fishing rod from the store when he apprehended by Loss Prevention., 07/12/12 1131hrs theft report taken on Rural Dr. The resident advised within the last two days person(s) unknown entered his pole barn and removed tools., 07/12/12 0030hrs a motorist reported a possible impaired driver on E/B Lakeshore Bl near Circle K.  The vehicle was located and stopped near Christine Ct. At the time of the stop the 35 year old female from Willoughby was traveling about 20 MPH on a flat passenger side tire, the rim was also bent from striking something. The female advised she did not know how the tire got that way. After failing field sobriety testing she was arrested for OVI. She was charged also with felony drug possession for prescription pills found with her property., 07/11/12 1945hrs complaint of a "dine and dash" at The China Buffet" on Vine St, license plate was obtained by the employees. On speaking the with the manager it was discovered the couple from Wickliffe did pay for the meals however they took leftovers that exceeded the one pound limit - documention only by their request., 07/11/12 1439hrs kudos to off duty Mentor FD medic Chad. Traveling on SR 91 Chad observed a female, also driving, experiencing a possible medical emergency. He was able to get the 23 year old female to stop her vehicle to check on her condition and called for a rescue squad. The female was transported to Lake West for treatment., 07/11/12 1733hrs a 17 year old male from Kirtland was arrested for stealing $31.84 worth of merchandise from Walmart. The juvenile was processed and released to a parent. In lieu of court he was referred to the Juvenile Diverson Program., Everyone is invited to attend the Relay For Life of Western Lake County taking place at North High School this weekend. 
http://www.facebook.com/events/360471287357660/, 07/11/12 0112hrs complaint of a group of males on the patio at the Northcoast Bar & Grill being disruptive. The two males that were sitting outside were advised to keep the noise level down., 07/11/12 0050hrs burglary report taken in the 35700 block of Lakeshore Bl. The residence had the rear door booted in. At 0745hrs 23 year old Nicolas Knapp was taken into custody and charged with the felony burglary. Knapp who was living out of a tent nearby stated he has no permanent address. Knapp still had a few belongings from the victim in his tent, others were already pawned/sold to support his heroin/drug addiction., 07/10/12 1904hrs a 23 year old male from Mayfield Hts was arrested for a series of felony's that stemed from a shopliting episode at Walmart. He is charged with forgery, identity theft (3 counts) drug abuse, possession of heroin, tampering with evidence and conveying illegal substances into a jail. The male once in his cell attempted to use drugs he had hidden in a body cavity creating the extra felony's. He is being held without bond until court appearance., 07/10/12 2316hrs report of a male sitting in the Valerie Ct area in a vehicle for close to a half hour. The 50 year old male was located still in his vehilce. The male was garbage picking and was attempting to get a battery out of toy but did not have the proper tools - he was sent on his way., 07/10/12 1716hrs EFD responded to a small garage fire on Portage. Homeowners used a garden hose to extinquish the fire prior to EFD arrival. Structure was checked and returned back to the the homeowners., 07/10/12 0305hrs a male called to report he was just involved in an altercation with two males on E 340St. He further reported one male shot at him with a BB gun while chasing him. The males involved were located and identifed. The real story is this was a silly argument over a traffic complaint of where a bicycle was traveling. There was no BB gun, no shots fired. The "victim" egged on the argument by following the two males up their driveway to further engage in the argument.  All parties were told to stay away from each other. (Males 26-30 years old), 07/09/12 2228hrs request for a welfare check on an elderly resident that a family member could not make contact with on E 331St. Forced entry into the home was made, the 85 year old was found injured, laying on the floor near the basement stairs where he had fallen. He was transported to the hospital for treatment of his injuries - family notified., 07/09/12 1635hrs burglary report taken in the 35700 block of Roberts Rd. Unknown person(s) forced entry into the home through a window. Under investigation, 07/09/12 1723hrs found bicycle on Rokeby - orange and back huffy 20" BMX style bike - call to claim, 07/09/12 1424hrs a resident on E 337St reported she heard "popping" sounds coming from her backyard. When she went to investigate she found a couple of bullets. The bullets where old "spent" bullets that a juvenile was throwing over a fenceinto her yard, striking the patio roof. The juvenile was located and his parent advised of his actions.  There are no weapons in the juveniles home., 07/08/12 2012hrs residents on Quentin called in solicitor and suspicious persons complaints due to males walking with cameras on their street. The males had permission to canvas the area for people who had seen strange sightings on Lake Erie - they were from Spike TV. EPD had contact with them reference a public request of records of any persons in the city who has reported UFO sightings (zero - just a couple people taking photos of one we couldn't see)., 07/08/12 0742hrs EPD was called for a male lying in the hallway passed out in front of a hotel room at the Radisson. The 24 year old male from Hudson was woken up and turned over to the groom., 07/08/12 0343hrs report of an assault that occured on E 347St between a 56 year old male and a 22 year old male, (the boyfriend of the 56 year olds daughter.)  The 22 year old was no longer present upon arrival at the home, but came to EPD a short while later with his side of the story.  Both males gave conflicting stories of the event with both wishing to file charges against the other. A pocket knife was seized as evidence and sent to Lake County Crime Lab to check for traces of human skin or blood. Report sent to the prosecutor for review upon receiving the results from the lab., 07/08/12 0200hrs complaint of a loud, large party on W Island Dr. On approach to the home several people fled on foot over a fence into neighbors yards, others fled into the home. Inside the home it was observed to be littered with several beer cans and plastic cups. The person responsible for the home, a 19 year old resident, was arrested under the Keg Law after he was located hiding in the home. Four juvenile females 15-16 were cited for curfew and released to their parents. A sober driver provided a ride for remaining adult party goers., 07/08/12 0200hrs officer waiting at the red light SR 91 and Vine watched as the light turned green for vehicles to pass over SR 91 to continue on Vine St. The vehicle waiting for the light didn't move and the light cycled back to red. Upon approach to the vehicle the 28 year old male operator from Wickliffe was found sleeping. A short while later after failing field sobriety testing the male was taken into custiody for OVI. He was held until sober and bond could be met., 07/08/12 0110hrs officers responded to a head-on collision in the 34800 block of Lakeland Bl.  it was determined that the at fault vehilce was E/B on Lakeland bl operating completely on the left side of the roadway, across the center line.  The victim vehicle was W/B on Lakeland.  The victim could not avoid the collision by going to his right as there is a fence then SR 2 and attempted to avoid by going left of center himself.  The at fault vehicle struck him in the right front.  The vehicle came to a stop then the at fault vehilce spun clockwise striking the victim a second time in the passenger side. The two victims, both from Willowick, were transported to Lake West for treatment of their non-life threatening injuries. The 24 year old uninjured male driver from Kent was arrested for felony vehicular assault, OVI, and left of center. He refused to submit to a breath test. With the help from Willowick PD Lakeland Bl was closed for a period of time until the scene could be cleared., 07/07/12 1628hrs apparently they're stealing in pairs this week - a 20 year old male resident and a 20 year old female from Painesville were observed on video on 07/06/12 shoplifting but had already left the store. The duo returned to Walmart on 07/07 where the female was again observed shoplifting, this time by loss prevention. The two were detained, arrested and admitted to the thefts of $90.92 over the last two days., 07/06/12 2216hrs report of a "male down" in a driveway on Admiral Dr. Turns out the visiting 52 year old intoxicated male decided to take a nap in the drive. He was brought into the house by his brother., 07/06/12 2000hrs found bicycle by Riverdale and Valleyview - small girls purple 20" Rally bike - call to claim, 07/06/12 1411hrs two female shoplifters, a 25 year old from Euclid and a 27 year old from Cleveland, were arrested after attempting to push a cart containing over $400 worth of merchandise out of Walmart. Both females were able to make arrangements to get bonded out within a short period of time., 07/06/12 0438hrs 36 year old Stephanie Lawrinson turned herself in on probable cause warrants from a felony burglary in the Willoway area and a theft from an apartment on Lakeshore. She is currently being held in the Lake County Jail., 07/06/12 0228hrs an officer about to turn on the on ramp to SR 2 from SR 91 observed and heard a vehicle exiting RS 2 to SR 91 squealing its tires when exitting and the vehicle go on top of the divider median. The vehicle was stopped and the 33 year old female from Cleveland was arrested on the suspicion of driving under the influence.  Score 157, 07/05/12 2351hrs  girls walking on Willowick Dr were pelted with eggs in a drive-by egging. Officers stopped one suspect vehicle but no eggs were found. A juvenile female was transported home and her father advised., 07/05/12 2119hrs a large tree took down wires and blocked the roadway in the 1200 block of E 357St. EPD, EFD and members of the service department were on scene. At 0035hrs CEI arrived on scene to take care of the downed wire. During the storm on the 4th there were too many incidents of down wires and trees to post., 07/05/12 1312hrs a complaint of a dog that was left in a vehicle at Jalisco's - on arrival the dog was in the vehilce, windows down and water available. The owner was located and advised of the complaint., 07/05/12 0851hrs report taken on an attempted B&E on an unattached garage in the 33700 block of Stevens. No entry was made, property damage only., 07/04/12 2235hrs a 46 year old male resident reported he was a victim of an assault that occured on Vine St at E 346St. The male advised he was walking on Vine when another male threw a beer bottle at him from a vehicle. The male in the vehicle reportedly exited his car striking the victim in the back of his head with a club. Under investigation, 07/05/12 0135hrs EPD responded to Galalina Beach for a trespassing complaint. On scene there were eight people present, seven were juveniles. Three 14 year old girls were suppose to be staying at one of their homes and had left without permission. The other male juvenile's parents all were aware their children were at the beach and they had permission to stay as they were on private property with a resident of the harbor present The three females were transported to EPD where their parents picked them up. They were cited for curfew for leaving home without permission and will be refered to the diversion program., 07/04/12 2252hrs a female from Mayfield Hts reported her purse was stolen while she was attending the firework display at the Captain's stadium. Report taken, 07/04/12 1958hrs EPD responded to a disturbance between a male and female on Mannering - verbal argument between the two over their belongings. Both were given advice., July 4th - firework complaints..Parkway, Eastlawn and E 345St, Stevens, Mannering, River and Matoma, Hulett, Traymore and Green, Spindrift and Bayshore, E Overlook and S Lakeshore, E 337St, E 347St, Sylvia, and E 331St., 07/03/12 2249hrs a 31 year old Eastlake resident was arrested for hit-skip, driving under suspension and failure to control for striking and damaging approximtely 70ft of fence along SR 2. The male admitted drinking but only after the accident. The male also had an active warrant through this department from an incident that occured in August of 2011. He was found unconscious in his vehicle, halfway in a drive and halfway on Lakeshore and transported to the hospital. He was arrested on that warrant for driving under the influence of drugs and/or alcohol., 07/03/12 2032hrs EFD responded to Chargin Lagoons Yacht Club for a barge that came away from the dock with a boat attached. The barge was blocking the river preventing boats from coming in. The owner was contacted and responded a few minutes later to resecure the barge., 07/03/12 1859hrs a female and her 4 year old child were struck by a vehicle at SR 91 and Vine while riding a bicycle both received minor injuries. The driver was cited for failure to yield., 07/03/12 1424hrs a 56 year old male from Cleveland was arrested for stealing $129.88 worth of merchandise from Walmart. The male also had an outstanding contempt of court warrant with Brookpark PD stemming from a theft arrest. He was held on a cash bond, when bond is met custody will be transfered to Brookpark PD., Shared from the News Herald; Murder of Kenneth Stigamier of Eastlake remains unsolved two decades later:
Shortly after 2 p.m., a gunman entered the bar and shot Kenneth Stigamier, 34, in the leg. The two men then wrestled over the weapon, and the suspect shot him in th...e head at close range.

The suspect, who witnesses said was a light-skinned man about 30 years old wearing a hat, sunglasses and a bandana over his face, proceeded to rob the cash register and the other bar patrons.

He died from his injuries two days after the shooting.

More than two decades later, the Eastlake Police Department is still working to solve the crime.

Sgt. Chris Gutka said the department will not stop digging until the case is solved. 

The investigation has continued, focused mainly on the vehicle used in the crime.

The suspect fled the scene in a 1981 Buick Century, which was later located at Golden Gate Plaza in Mayfield Heights.

During the initial investigation, the belief was that the car was stolen, said Det. Frank Bergant.

The car was stripped, the windows were broken, had stolen license plates and the steering column was peeled back.

Eventually, the car was traced to an owner in Shaker Heights. The car's owner, Robert Nash, is black, so he did not match the suspect description, which strengthened the idea that the car was stolen, Bergant said.

"It still may have been stolen, but it doesn't appear that way now, and it's hard re-interviewing people 20 years later to get a memory or an answer for simple things that could have made a huge difference back then," Bergant said.

Over the years, the investigation has zeroed in on two persons of interest: Nash and Anthony Abner, Nash's cousin.

Bergant said police were surprised to see that Abner looked much different in appearance from Nash.

Retired Lt. Jeffrey Herron, who was on the Eastlake force at the time of the crime, said the two men were interviewed by police most recently about two years ago. 

"The owner of the car, it turned out to be, had more information than he initially gave," Herron said.

During the interview process two years ago, Nash told police that Abner had peeled the steering column of the car a few months before the crime, but Nash did not pass along that information during the initial investigation 20 years ago, Gutka said.

"He is also the person he would turn to if he had any mechanical issues," Gutka said.

Nash, after denying any knowledge of the stolen license plates 20 years ago, also said that he stole the license plates before the incident from a neighbor's car so that his car would not get taken away, Herron added.

"That took us down a dead end we didn't need to go to if he was totally honest when it happened," Herron said.

The two men took a computerized voice stress analyzer test, a type of lie detector test that is deemed a little more reliable than a polygraph test, but the test is not admissible in court, Police Chief Larry Reik said.

Abner, who failed the test, denied any knowledge of the crime.

"It doesn't mean they did anything, but when you put everything together and you catch them in lies and not telling the truth, you wonder, ‘Why?' "

Police do not know the whereabouts of the two men, nor do they have any current contact information for them.       Megan Stigamier may not remember losing her father, but it is something she still thinks about.  "I don't really know that much about him," Megan Stigamier said.

She and the rest of Kenneth's family have had to wait more than two decades for some type of closure.

"Whoever did it, they need to pay for what they did," Megan Stigamier said. "It's been long enough."

But even if no one ever comes forward, Megan Stigamier believes justice will prevail.

"My grandma always told me, ‘He's going to get what he deserves in some way or some form.' ", 07/03/12 0323hrs a vehicle on Vine St was stopped for speeding and driving left of center. Once the vehicle was stopped a female passenger jumped from the vehicle and began yelling at the operator, a 52 year old male from Mentor for drinking and driving. The male failed field sobreity testing and had to be held up to prevent him from falling sideways. He was arrested, brought to EPD and processed - BAC score.......313, 07/03/12 0208hrs disturbance in the 1300 block of Waverly, complaint was of a male and female yelling in the front yard. Verbal argument between the two 26 year olds, the male was leaving on a bicycle upon our arrival., 07/02/12 1802hrs report of a male lying in the grass by Lakeshore and Erie (say it isn't so). The 58 year old male was found to be intoxicated and given a courtesy transport to his home in the city., 07/02/12 1600hrs a 46 year old male from Willowick was arrested on a probable cause warrant for felonious assault stemming from the incident that occured on 06/09 at the Deli on the Vine. One male was assaulted in retaliation for slashing the other males tires at the Eastlake Tavern., Fireworks will be at Classic Park July 4th at around 10 pm and they are free.  Feel free to come and join the celebration., 07/01/12 2049hrs during the storm EPD had utility lines knocked low on E 348St - a car hydroplaned and went into the wall on SR2 - he got his vehicle turned around no injury - a sign flew out of the rear of a truck and caused damage to a vehicle next to it - the two men exchanged insurance information, havoc at the Stadium, they were having a bridal show, high winds damaged some property - after the storm firework complaints from all over......, 07/01/12 2046hrs EPD put the Captains Stadium on lock down due to a missing 14 year old special needs child. (meaning no one enters or leaves). The child was located and found safe a few minutes later., 07/01/12 1906hrs Ms Rachael, Ms Amy and Mr David - a brother and his sisters - were all awared with safety certificates for wearing their bicycle helmets on Roberts Rd., 07/01/12 1810hrs a resident on Stevens advised they discovered three marijuana plants growing at the rear of their property line. A check of the area revealed the plants not to be marijuana but a neighbor growing herbs and vegtables., 07/01/12 0247hrs disturbance in the parking lot of Walmart between 7 males - video surveillence was reviewed and it showed a shoving and pushing match between a 22 year old male from Willowick and a 19 year old from Euclid. Juveniles from Wickliffe (15-17) were not involved they were just egging the other two on. They were dispursed., 07/01/12 0211hrs Officer on patrol observed a vehicle run the redlight at Vine and SR 91 - the vehicle was stopped and the 30 year old female resident was soon taken into custody for OVI. When asked how much she had to drink, she replied "yes I did."  When asked to perform field sobriety testing she was unable to maintain her balance or follow directions, at one point kicking off her flip-flops striking the officer with the shoe (accidental). Score .212, 07/01/12 0101hrs EPD responded to the Circle Lounge for an intoxicated customer refusing to leave. The 25 year old male from Mentor threw a beer into the parking lot from the bar and was asked to leave by the bouncer. On scene officers observed three males actively fighting in the parking lot with 20-25 on-lookers. The 25 year old assaulted the bouncer when he was asked to leave. He was placed under arrest charged with assault and resisting arrest., 06/30/12 2015hrs EPD responded to an unwanted guest complaint in the 1200 block of E 343St.  A highly intoxicated 50 year old resident was removed from the home. He was taken into custody due to his turbulent behavior and being unable to care for himself. He was held until he was sober at which time he was processed and released with a MM citation., 06/30/12 1625hrs a 22 year old female from Willowick was arrested for theft after concealing $52.39 worth of merchandise at Walmart -  she was processed and able to post the $404 cash bond once booking was completed., 06/29/12 2036hrs little Ms Sophia, riding her bicycle by St Justin, was awarded a safety certificate for wearing her bicycle helmet, 06/29/12 1925hrs Willoughby PD notified EPD of a hit-skip accident that occurred in their city on Lakeshore with the suspect vehicle last seen heading towards Eastlake. The suspect vehicle was located still traveling on Lakeshore and stopped. The vehicle had fresh damage consistent with the accident. The 29 year old female from Mentor on the Lake, based on officers observations, was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence. WPD also responded and cited the female for assuring safe distance and hit skip., 06/29/12 1555hrs a 19 year old male from Perry was arrested on two felony charges at Walmart when he was observed "huffing" the contents of a can of compressed air used for cleaning computers. The male also had on his person a 4 gram package of "WTF" potpourri which is a synthetic type of bath salt or marijuana that is commonly abused by people. It is not approved for human consumption nor is it approved by the food and drug administration. He will also be charged with misdemeanor theft for $4.96 - the cost of the compressed can of air., 06/30/12 Thank all of you who attended the Eastlake Police auction this morning. It was a nice turn out and every item sold! Remember there is still an online auction on Ebay with one car, one boat, one backhoe and 52 halogen lights. The bidding ends Thursday at 9am - go to Ebay click advance search then search by seller Epdauctions., 06/28/12 2158hrs report of a possible impaired driver on E 337St. According to witnesses the vehicle was parked on the grass between Eastview Meadows apartments and Eastlake Terrace apartments.  the driver was sleeping.  the driver woke up and put the car in drive and then ran over a parking barrier, knocking it upside down, leaving his license plate behind.  the driver then proceeded to swerve down the parking lot of Eastlake Terrace apartments.  the driver stopped and fell asleep again.  The witness asked the driver if he was ok and he then sped off down E 337St. The vehicle was located pulling into the Maple Park Apts.  The 27 year old male was taken into custody for OVI and held for bond - score .210, If you have an emergency or concern that needs immediate attention call 951-1400 or 9-1-1 - This page is not monitored 24/7 , 06/29/12 0445hrs Walmart reported two male shoplifters fled the store on foot after being confronted about the theft. They were last seen running through the old Kmart property. Officers checking the area observed a juvenile peeking out of an apartment window at Eastlake Terrace. The 16 year old male admitted to his mother that he was involved in the theft along with a 24 year old relative. The 24 year old was arrested for drug instruments (syringe) and paraphernalia (spoon with residue) that was handed to us upon our arrival - more charges are pending, 06/29/12 0232hrs a motorist reported an intoxicated male walking in the roadway on SR 91- the sober male was located near the vineyards and stated he was walking home from the hospital - he was advised to use the bike path instead of the middle of the road., 06/28/12 1732hrs shoplifting is not the only problem of a 24 year old female from Willoughby who now faces felony drug charges. The female was detained by Walmart loss prevention after concealing $29.70 worth of merchandise in the coat she was wearing (90 degrees + yesterday). During processing at EPD an inventory of her purse revealed heroin, syringe, crack pipe and a push rod. She was held without bond pending arraignment., 06/28/12 1138hrs EFD responded to a field fire in the 33000 block of Curtis Blvd.  At 2057hrs EFD responded to a small mulch fire at Jakse and at 2129hrs another mulch fire near the Wireless store at SR 91 and Vine. It is going to be another hot and dry day - don't litter, 06/28/12 0921hrs 41 year old Mark Bonnay was arrested on a probable cause warrant for felonious assault stemming from an incident that occured last saturday in the 34000 block of Lakeshore. He is accused of entering the home early in the morning of his estranged girlfriend and began assaulting her while she was sleeping. The female was transported to the hospital for facial injuries., 06/27/12 officers responded to the 36900 block of Reeves Rd on a report of a theft in progress. One male was an evicted tenant who was gathering his belongings. The homeowner advised some of the furniture removed was hers and it was returned to the home. Later in the day the homeowner reported other items missing from the home. The former tenant was again contacted, his belongings looked through by the officer and the items were not located. A trip back to the home on Reeves and the homeowners search of her own home turned up the missing computer and othr electronic equipment., 06/28/12 0623hrs noise complaint on Parkway - a male mowing his lawn was advised per the noise ordinance he cannot mow before 7am. The male  had already completed his chores on our arrival., 06/27/12 2245hrs noise complaint in the 1200 block of E 331St the 49 year old male resident was advised of the complaint and agreed to shut down the air compressor for the night., 06/27/12 1810hrs EFD responded to on odor investigation at Sima Marine. Oil and fuel were leaking from from a boat which caused a 10 foot oil slick and was still leaking. The leak was plugged with a wood plug. Coast Guard and NRC (National Response Center) were notified., 06/27/12 0809hrs report of a vehicle into a telephone pole in the 500 block Erie Rd. A private tow was called to remove the vehicle, the 41 year old operator from Willowick was cited for failure to control - no injuries., 06/27/12 1150hrs passing motorist reported an intoxicated male walking on Lakeshore in front of Circle K. The 62 year old male resident was transported to his home further down Lakeshore., 06/27/12 0651hrs complaint of a male approaching customers at Demarco's asking for a ride. The 32 year old male from Lyndhurst was given a courtesy transport to Vine St in Wilowick., 06/27/12 0255hrs EPD responded to Ranch Manor Apts to assist a resident with locating the main water valve for the apartments - They could not reach the landlords, the water in the apartment would not shut off and began flooding the home., 06/27/12 0045hrs officers responded to the Circle Lounge for an uderage drinking complaint. Inside the bar an ID check was made on patrons. One female advised she did not have an ID on her person - she was later identifed  as a 19 year old female from Cleveland. Apparently her 30 year old sister provided her with the alcohol. The 19 year old was arrested and charged with underage consumption., 06/27/12 midnight a 23 year old male from Cleveland and his 20 year old female companion from Bedford Hts attempted to push a loaded shopping cart out of Walmart but were unsuccessful. Officers located their vehicle at Vine and E 343St.  They were brought back to the store and signed a "no trespassing agreement." No actual theft took place., 06/26/12 2114hrs caller at Woodland Dr reported juveniles were bothering him and urinating on his vehicle - there were no signs of any wrong doing on the part of the juveniles - this was a dispute between two community harvesters. All parties aired their complaints and were given advice., 06/26/12 2105hrs nice job to Matthew and Lauren - they recieved safety certificates for wearing their bicycle helmets on Lakeshore Bl., 06/26/12 1632hrs two females from Euclid went on a shopping spree - even providing their own shopping bags at Walmart. The two females, 24 and 25 years old were arrested after loss prevention detained them after observing the theft. ($189.82 worth of merchandise recovered) Upon arrival of a family member to take custody of two infant children the theiving duo were transported to EPD, processed, one female was able to post bond the other was held for bond., Same male, different view - EPD is hoping one of you can help with the identification of this male involved in a theft. Contact Chief Riek 440-951-1400 or lreik@eastlakepd.org, EPD is hoping one of you can help with the identification of this male involved in a theft. Contact Chief Riek 440-951-1400 or lreik@eastlakepd.org, 06/26/12 1632hrs report of a few vehicles that had been entered overnight in the 500 and 600 block of St Lawrence - all of the vehicles were left unlocked.  At 1942hrs a resident from Kalene Ct turned in items he located in his bushes that was some of the property reported stolen by the residents. Remember to lock your vehicles in the your drives and by all means do not keep any valuables /purses/wallets in your car., 06/26/12 1405hrs a resident on Glen Dr reported a camper was stolen from her backyard and believe people who were in the process of buying it may have taken it. The buyers were contacted, it seems there was some sort of miscommunication and the camper was returned., 06/26/12 0051hrs EFD responded to a home in the 35700 block of Lakeshore for smoke in the home. It was determined to be a small fire behind the dryer in the utility room, the home was ventilated and the dryer and all burned items were removed from the house., 06/26/12 0030hrs loud party complaint in the 1200 block of E 346St - adult males were sitting around a fire pit were advised of the complaint and decided to finish visiting indoors., 06/25/12 2225hrs complaint of juveniles hanging out near the dumpster and wooded area of Circle K - the juveniles advised one of their parents were at the store and he was hiding because he didn't want to be seen by them. They were sent on their way., 06/25/12 1714 a resident on Luanna Dr reported a contractor was given ney to repairs cracks in her garage and did not perform the work - he also took her broom. The contractor was called and advised to return the money or face charges. He advised it will be returned by the end of the week, follow up continues, 06/25/12 A probable cause warrant was served by Willoughby PD on our behalf for an 18 year old resident accused of unauthorized use of his mother's vehicle and not having a driver's license stemming from an incident earlier in the month - he is currently being held at Lake County Jail awaiting bond., 06/24/12 2258hrs complaint of four juvenile females walking on Eastlawn from Vien St "mooning" passing vehicles. A check of the area was made - the females were not located, 06/24/12 2209hrs a 16 year old male from Willowick along with a 15 year old female resident were arrested for breaking into a vacant home on E 332St. An alert neighbor witnessed the two inside the home with flashlights. The two were arrested and charged with felony B&E.  Both were transported to the detention center as the two of them were already on probation through Lake County Juvenile Court., 06/24/12 2239hrs EPD responded to an unwanted guest at Lakeside Vista Estates. While approaching the complex a vehicle traveling rapidly and over the yellow line nearly struck the responding officer. Dispatch advised this same vehicle belonged to the unwanted guest. The vehicle was stopped on SR 91 by Roberts. The 56 year old male from Wickliffe was asked to step out of the vehicle for field sobriety testing, which he tried to comply but forgot he was seatbelted in. He eventually was able to unfasten the belt and was taken into custody for OVI a short time later., 06/24/12 2103hrs report of a male weaving as he walked across Vine St.  The 52 year old resident was located hanging onto the construction fence on E 337St - he was able to make it the rest of the way home a few doors down., 06/24/12 1743hrs a "loud and obnixious" female was reportedly bothering customers at the Hideaway and asked that she be removed. The female, a 38 year old resident, was very cooperative and given a ride to her home in the city., 06/24/12 1653hrs boaters on Lake Erie called for assistance when their 25ft Bayliner's battery died. A towing company was contacted for the boaters - the Coast Guard was notified for information only in the event they were contacted by a third party for the stranded boat., 06/24/12 0959hrs report of a disturbance between a mother and her son on Highland Dr. While enroute the vehicle the male was operating was spotted and stopped on Lakeshore. The dispute was over a sale of a vehicle.  The 42 year old from Wickliffe was checked to see if he was a valid driver he was shown to be under suspension and also had a probation violation warrant through Willoughby Court. He was arrested and held for bond., 06/24/12 0259hrs report of a hit-skip MVA on Lakeshore near Plymouth. On scene the bumper of the vehicle was located by the two mailboxes that were struck. Checks for the vehicle at the listed address were negative. The following morning a 21 year old male who was operating the vehicle contacted EPD to report the accident. The driver was cited for reckless operation and hit-skip., 06/23/12 2321hrs a motorist reported a possible impaired driver traveling on SR 91 weaving and at one point jumped onto the median. The vehicle was located at SR 91 and Stevens - observed to be weaving within his lane of travel. The 45 year old Euclid male was unable to preform any of the field sobriety testing due to not being able to hold his balance. He was arrested for OVI and having only a temporary license.  He submittted to a breath test with a "score" of 0.257., 06/23/12 0541hrs - no weekend passes without one of these - passing motorist advsied a male was laying on the ground behind a bench at the corner of Vine and E 348St. The 23 year old male from Euclid was located. He advised he got cold while waiting for the bus so he was laying down with his arms inside his shirt - he was told to sit on the bench and wait for the bus., 06/23/12 0037hrs officer on patrol on N/B E 361St observed a vehicle travel from Vine St onto E 361St traveling S/B in the N/B lane. The vehicle was stopped and soon after the 58 year old Willowick male was arrested for driving under the influence., 06/22/12 2316hrs report of an intoxicated female on E 340St who was trying to "attack" another person who was just laughing at her - the 22 year old female resident was located on Eastlawn. Her speech was so slurred she could not be identifed. She was taken into custody and released in the morning with a citation., 06/22/12 2041hrs a dog fight turned into a human altercation at the dog park. According to the 70 year old Mayfield Hts male his dog was attacked by a 63 year old Mentor man's dog at the park. A verbal argument ensued with the Mentor male allegedly punching and damaging the complainant's vehicle. According to the Mentor male while the complainant was quickly accelerating out of the lot he was physically struck by the vehicle which may have caused the damage. Due to conflicting statements report is to be sent to the prosecutor - no injuries to pets or humans., 1858hrs complaint of an intoxicated male outside of the Final Score. The male, a 62 year old resident arrived at the bar in his intoxicated state, ordered food and did not pay for it. A friend paid for his food was to escoart him home. A few minutes later rescue was called for the male who fell in the gravel lot and suffered a facial injury - the male refused treatment and was escorted the rest of the way home., 06/22/12 1130hrs congratulations to 8 year old Ben and 4 year old Brody - they received saftey certificates for wearing their bicycle helmets in the 190 block of Parkway - way to go!, 06/21/12 1736hrs three adults and a child caused all kinds of mayhem at Valu-King. The 8 year old child was running all over the store hiding from the adults who were taking "turns" in a motorized handicap cart. The child was located by an officer hiding under some boxes - they were all escorted from the store at the managers request., 06/21/12 56 year old Ali Aziz-Hakum of Cleveland was arrested by Parma PD and custody transfered to EPD on an outstanding warrant for a theft of $599 worth of merchandise from Walmart from Oct 2011. This male was identified on Mayfield Hts Walmart video surveillance committing a theft of the same merchandise (cell phones), 06/21/12 1436hrs welfare check on a male laying in the grass by Surfside Garden Apts - the 44 year old male from Cleveland (sober I might add) was resting in the shade - he was on the way to visit a family member., 06/21/12 1032hrs EFD responded to a fence on fire that was attached to a home in the 35000 block of Stevens. EPD assisted with traffic control in the area., 06/20/12 2020hrs 29 year old Kevin Campbell was arrested for felony complicity to burglary that occured on 05/28/12 on Paxton Rd and for a theft that occurred on 06/17/12 on Windsor Ct N., 06/20/12 1541hrs cruelty to animal report completed in the 100 block of Shelton for a dog with gunshot wound to his neck. The dog is alive and well was given treatment by a vet.  It appears the dog was shot while in his own fenced backyard - EPD has had no complaints (barking, at large) ever on his animal - invest to continue, 06/20/12 1614hrs attempted burglary reported in the 33000 block of Willowick Dr.  A resident returning home witnessed a male entering her home - the female pulled into her dirve blocking the suspects vehicle - (a mid-size green 4D possible plate having CPT or CDT as the letters) She yelled to the male, described as a w/m, 5'6" tall, olive complexion, wearing glasses with a receding dark hairline. The male entered his vehicle driving over lawn and was last seen at Willowick and Waverly. Investigation continuing., 06/20/12 1550hrs EFD responded to the 200 block of Parkway for a propane grill fire in the backyard - the fire was in control within 6 minutes, On 06/13 EPD took a report reference an elderly male that was stalking a 21 year old employee at Walmart. The male would seek out the female in the store and at one point wrote her a letter expressing his love for her. On 06/20/12 the male again returned to the store - this time we were able to identify the 73 year old male from Wilowick. The male was advised to stay away from the employee and explained the consequences of his behavior., 06/20/12 1304hrs a missing/runaway juvenile report was taken for a 17 year old female who was last seen by her parents at 0830hrs on 06/19/12.  On 06/21/12 at 1710hrs EPD received a tip she was under a bridge in Painesville. Painesville was contacted who located the juvenile and transported her to Lake County Juvenile Detention.  They had issued a warrant for her arrest due to her being chronically unruly., 06/19/12 2257hrs disturbance at Surfside Garden Apts between a male and female verbally arguing due to the female taking the male's keys and vehicle from him while he was out drinking earlier. The male grabbed his keys and left the apartment prior to our arrival.  The 23 year old male was located in his parked vehicle waiting for a ride from a relative to stay with for the night in the apartment parking lot. Once his ride arrived EPD cleared., 06/19/12 1756hrs a traffic complanint was called in involving two vehicles racing down Quentin Rd that appeared to be chasing each other. The vehicles in question were located on Quentin in a driveway - the operators were husband and wife, the male stated he passed his wife so his car would be the first in the drive and would not have to be moved later. - Warning given regarding the driving habits., 06/19/12 1726hrs - featured shoplifter - A 28 year old male from Marshville, Oh was arrested for taking $117 worth of 5 hour energy drinks from Walmart.  When the male was confronted by Loss Prevention he fled the store, entered a waiting vehicle which began pulling out of the parking lot when stopped by officers. Upon retrieving his identification from his wallet a baggie of marijuana was observed inside the wallet. During interview it was learned he was just released the day before on a theft charge from Highland Hts PD and was currently homeless. He was held on a $3500 cash bond., 06/19/12 1729hrs complaint of juveniles in the backyards of two vacant homes on Brookdale. The three juveniles (14. 15 and 16years old) and their parents were advised they were trespassing., 06/19/12 1718hrs a male, with a Honduras ID card and no phone number, went to Gold Max on Vine and sold coins that later were discovered to be counterfeit.  He was advised to be aware of what he is purchasing before doing the pay out., 06/19/20 1545hrs vandlism report taken at the CEI plant. Three air conditioning units had damage to the cooling coils and copper piping - investigation continues..., 06/19/12 1404rhs fireworks complaint in the 36900 block of Lakeshore Bl - a 19 year old male was given a verbal warning for lighting off the cherry bombs., 06/19/20 Lt Reik along with his daughter, Sgt Werner, and currently laid-off officers Ptl Roberts, Plt Brooks and Plt Korun all participated in the Special Olympics Torch Run in Lake County., newsnet5.com 
 - An Eastlake mom has pleaded guilty to driving drunk with her kids in the car, in exchange for other charges being dropped in the case and a separate incident involving her son and the family dog. 

Mindy Sotak, 29, admitted to drinking and driving with her kids at a hearing Tuesday in Willoughby Municipal Court. 

In exchange for the guilty plea to OVI and one count of child endangering, all other charges in both cases were dismissed. 

Sotak was arrested last month after she hit a car while pulling out of the Vine Street Walmart parking lot. An officer saw the incident and said Sotak had slurred speech, smelled of alcohol and wouldn't cooperate. 

Days earlier, Sotak was slapped with a pair of child endangering charges after a utility worker saw a dog on top of one of her young children, tugging at the boy's clothes. 

When police arrived to the house that day, they were greeted at the door by Sotak's 5-year-old. Inside, officers said Sotak was "highly intoxicated" and "not able to stand." 

The boy was not hurt and the dog was their family pet. 

Sotak has a pre-sentence hearing set for July 10 where she'll talk with the probation department to discuss a sentencing recommendation for the judge., 06/18/12 2257hrs a caller advised there was a female in a ditch at E 348St and Vine St - unknown if she was breathing. The intoxicated 35 year old female from E 348St was located, walked  home with the help of the officer and was issued a MM cite for  public intoxication, 06/18/12 1539hrs motorist reported a possible impaired motorist on SR 91 weaving in and out of traffic. The vehicle pulled into BP and the operator was observed stumbling out of his vehicle by the witness. On arrival the 37 year old from Cleveland did have the odor of an alcoholic beverage about him however he was able to pass all field sobriety testing. A check to see if he was a valid driver showed his license was suspended. He was cited, his vehicle towed - he was released on an unsecured bond., 06/18/12 1345hrs a transformer on E 332St with sparking wires caused another power outage yesterday in the city., 06/18/12 1228hrs complaint of workers cutting trees on E 340St that were parked on the wrong side of the street - while on scene it was learned a power line was snapped by the workers - CEI was notified of damage and power outage., 06/18/12 0318hrs a resident in the 1200 block of E 340St reported she woke up to juveniles being loud on her front porch. When she walked outside she discovered her 17 year old daughter was having a party and serving alcohol. While she was calling EPD the group fled in a vehicle. The vehicle was located and stopped on Vine St - the 20 year old male driver from Mentor was cited for driving under suspension, two 16 year old females from Mentor and Concord were given curfew citations and the 17 year old female was taken into custody charged with the keg law.  All juveniles were released to their parents., 06/18/12 0050hrs a 21 year old female from Mayfield Hts called 9-1-1 from the womans bathroom at the Handle Bar stating she had too much to drink and is unable to function. EFD transported her to Lake West due to an accompanying medical issue., 06/17/12 2333hrs a 15 year old from E 331St called EPD to report his mother was having a medical emergency. The mother grabbed the phone yeling about her son taking items from her - on arrival the female had no medical need, she was intoxicated and blaming the 15 year because she could not locate her purse., 06/17/12 1938hrs EFD responded to the report of a boat fire at Lavan's Marina. The cause was an electrical malfunction on the boat. The hot spots were cooled down and the vessel returned to the owner by 20009hrs., 06/17/12 1921hrs disturbance call at Lavan's Marina. Verbal dispute over an item at the marina, the parties were advised to try to get along. The dispute will be handled by the Marina Commander., 06/17/12 0658hrs EFD responded to a smoldering mulch fire in front of Walgreens - this is one of several we have had in the last week., 06/17/12 0050hrs a 22 year old male from Geneva was stopped on Lakeland Bl for speeding traveling 50mph in a 35mph zone. The male had felony warrants for his arrest including rape and sexual assault out of Madison Twp PD.  He was cited and arrested then custody turned over to Madison Twp PD., 06/16/12 2336rhs report of a possible impaired driver on Lakeshore near Dover Apts swerving out of the lanes of travel- vehicle was located and stopped - the 28 year old female was sober she was having a verbal domestic with her child's father. She was given a verbal warning., 06/16/12 2219hrs resident of the 1300 block of E 362St reports he is being stalked by his ex-girlfriend. She is accused of watching him from a bar parking lot, non stop calling and slashing a lawn chair with a knife. She was advised not to have any contact with the male and he was told not to have contact with her. There was no witness to the damaged property which she denies doing., 06/16/12 1943hrs several complaints of solicitors on Roberts Rd many with 3-4 different solicitors within 1 1/2hrs - One was located in the 35000 block - checked for permits, they are done for the day waiting for their driver to pick them pup., 06/16/12 1744hrs several complaints of solicitors on Glen Dr were called in. One female in particular was causing concern for residents. The female was located and advised not to approach any more residences and to obtain a permit to sell magazines in the city., 06/16/12 1509hrs complaint of a solicitor at Valu King approaching customers - the 49 year old female from Clevleand was asked to leave and cease soliciting in the city., 06/16/12 1400hrs an enthusiastic guitar player was advised to put his new guitar away due to most of the neighborhood calling to complain about the noise on Matoma., 06/16/12 1126hrs EPD responded to the 300 block of E 331St for another dog welfare check. The dog did have water but no shelter from the sun, he was tied to a tree. The homeowner was left a calling card to contact EPD - when he returned to the call he was advised of the complaint and the need for some shelter for his animal during the hot days., 06/16/12 0327hrs report taken for grand theft auto of a 2002 GMC pick up truck - stolen from the Surfside Garden Apts - investigation continues, 06/16/12 0223hrs Manny's Place called for assistance with closing due to two males not wanting to leave the bar. The 52 year old male and his 24 year old friend were sent on their way walking to a residence on E 354St., 06/16/12 0020hrs loud noise complaint received in the 1000 block of Stevens - the karaokee party agreed to stop for the evening., 06/15/12 2349hrs report of a fight in the street in the 33900 block of Willowick Dr between guests at a graduation party. On arrival there was no fight, homeowner advised., 06/15/12 2158hrs a resident on Willowick Dr called for assistance getting a bat out of his home - the bat escaped through an open window prior to our arrival., 06/15/12 1752hrs complaint of a large group of juveniles at Jakse Park congregating with some behind the pool. Officer watched the group under the pavillion for a while they were doing nothing wrong - no one was behind the pool. They were reminded not to go near the pool and advised of the complaint., 06/15/12 1319hrs complaint of a dog left in a vehicle at the Dollar Tree with the window down, caller felt it would get hurt if he fell from the car - the vehicle was gone on our arrival.  at 1642hrs call of a dog left in a vehicle at Valu-King - the owner was paged in the store to return to his vehicle.The dog owner was advised to only bring his dog on lower temperature days and to supply the dog with a bowl of water., 06152012 1300rhs criminal damage complaint at Surfside Garden Apts - someone attempted to pry open the cable box in a locked storage room - Time Werner was advised of the damage., 06/15/12 0505hrs a caller in the 100 block of Shelton reported his brother saw a white male wearing a black hoodie and a backpack looking into his window. A check of the area did not produce the male - in speaking with the 11 year old witness, he advised he had just woke up and he wasn't sure if he saw a male at the window or if it was a scary dream., 06/15/12 0100hrs noise disburbance in the 100 block of Erieview - the homeowner was advised of the complaint and shut down the party on his own., 06/14/12 2014hrs two male were taken into custody for shoplifting at Walmart. First male, a 25 year old from Rome, Oh had $34.88 worth of merchandise concealed - he was charged with theft and felony possession of meth. Second male is a 24 year old from Oak Hill, Oh - charged with taking $9.94 worth of merchandise, felony possession of heroin, meth and drug abuse instruments. Both are being held without bond., 06/14/12 2003hrs a caller reported juveniles were digging around in the recycle bin at Thomas Jefferson. The juveniles were located and stated older kids picking on them threw their cell phone in the bin. Officer asssited in their search and the phone was recovered., 06/14/12 1617hrs a resident from W Overlook advised she was contacted via phone by a male who wanted to upgrade her windows operating system that according to him they were having problems with. He wanted her to log into the system and give him access to "upgrade" from his location. This request was denied by the resident who reported the attempted fraud. No peronal information was provided to the caller., 06/14/12 1144hrs EPD was called to a residence on Roberts Rd reference work on the home that was not finished by a contractor but was paid for. A message was left for the business owner reference the call. The resident was advised to file a civil law suit., 06/14/12 1034hrs a 22 year old female from E 349St was arrested on two counts of child endangering after neighbors found her two year old son and two year old neice walking down the street unattended. A resident on the street stopped the children but did not know where they lived. Another neighbor directed us to the home, approximately 4 doors down. Officers knocked and shouted into the home with no response. Entry was made into the home and the female was located sleeping in a bedroom and taken into custody and held for bond. The children were released to a relative., 06/13/12 2039hrs officers responded to a daycare in the city for an on-going investigation involving a theft of money from the business on several occassions. In speaking with the cleaning crew a 19 year old male from Cleveland admitted to the theft. He has been helping his grandmother at the daycare with her cleaning responsibilities. The owner of the business opted for restitution in lieu of prosecution. The male has been banned from the property., 06/13/12 1942hrs a resident from the 1100 E 362St reported a green jeep occupied by five people stopped in front of her house, got out the vehicle and urinated on her fence. The resident stated the occupants inside the jeep were also observed drinking. A check of the area was made but the jeep was not located., 06/13/12 1926hrs a dog bite report was taken in the 36600 block of Starboard. A female in her front yard area was bitten by one of two dogs that ran into her yard as she was trying to get her child out of harms way. The dogs owner was located - also on Starboard - who advised the dogs had gotten loose and returned home. Report faxed to the Health Department., 06/13/12 1740hrs a business owner in the 34500 block of Vine was checking his AC unit on the roof and discovered a wallet containing money. The wallet was turned into EPD and returned to the rightful owner, a 47 year old female from Willoughby, a short time later., 06/12/12 2127hrs Medina court requested EPD serve a felony warrant on a resident in the 1500 block of E 332St.  On arrival officers observed the male in the home but the male seeing officers hid inside the home out of view refusing to open the door. After several warnings forcible entry was made and the 51 year old male was taken into custody. The warrant was for failing to appear at a Jury trial for his DUI. Custody was transfered to Medina a short while later., 06/12/12 1828hrs EPD received a complaint of a highly intoxicated male in Discount Tabacco on Vine upset after the clerk wouldn't "let him slide" on a little money. The male was gone upon arrival and a check for the vehicle in the area was unsuccessful. At 1900hrs it was learned the vehicle the male was driving was located on Stevens near Ben Hur involved in an accident in Willoughby., 06/12/12 1731hrs theft of a pick axe from Lakeshore resulted in the arrest of a 10 year old male, charged with theft and his 12 year old friend, charged with complicity to theft. The two cut through a yard, took and concealed the axe at a location close to the 10 year old's home. The two had been arrested earlier this month (06/03) for stealing an iPhone - at that time they were referred to the Eastlake Diversion Program. With this lastest theft they are now disqualified to attend diversion and both theft charges will be sent to Juvenile Court., 06/12/12 1104hrs the 43 year old male wanted for criminal damage and trespassing at the Eastlake Tavern from earlier postings was taken into custody on the charges. He was processed and released on a personal bond., 06/12/12 an early morning crime spree by two 18 year old males, one from Willoughby, one from Willowick came to an abrupt end at 0451hrs. A caller reported two young looking males that appeared be hiding in an alley off of Lakeshore. The males were located both sporting backpacks. A consent of the bags revealed several electronic items that they had no explaination for, one saying he didn't know how the the items got into his backpack. Some of the items were tracked to an apartment complex in Willoughby where several thefts from vehicles occured. With the assistance of WPD the owners were reunited with their property, however we still have many items that have not been claimed. The duo was charged with receiving stolen property, one with a felony RSP and one one with possession of alcohol., 06/11/12 1940hrs a female resident in the 1200 block of E 359St reported she was approached by a male as she was pulling into her driveway stating he was interested in purchasing a vehicle like hers and wanted to take her car for a test drive - After searching the area the male was not located - subject was a w/m wearing a blue polo and khakis., 06/11/12 0231hrs a vehicle was stopped for traveling 53mph on Lakeshore Bl. The 24 year old female resident was arrested for suspicion of driving under the influence after failing sobriety tests. She was processed and held for bond., 06/10/12 1113hrs disturbance call in the 37000 block of Lakeshore for two female roommates arguing over a fan and one of the females entering the other's room while she is away. The two were given advice on their dilemmas - as far as the property it is  civil issue due to the lease and sublease agreement., 06/10/12 0241hrs an officer entering SR 2 from SR 91 observed a vehicle stopped partially on the entrance lane and partially in the shoulder with the passenger door open. Once the driver exited the vehicle he stumbled backwards, stepped forward and stumbled into the officer. The 31 year old male from N Royalton was taken into custody for suspicion of DUI. The passenger advised she was trying to get out of the vehicle due to the driver being to intoxicated to drive.  Once the male was in the rear of the cruiser he stated he did nothing wrong, the female he was with was driving. He was processed and held for bond.  The female was transported to a friends home in a neighboring community., 06/10/12 0108hrs report of a disturbance in the 1300 block of E 354St. A male and female were arguing over beer, the male wanted the female to leave which she did., 06/09/12 1253hrs a caller reported a "creepy looking" male handing out candy to young children near the Dollar General on Lakeshore. The 46 year old resident had his grandchildren and some of their friends who were all at a party and he brought them to the store., 06/09/12 1510hrs this 43 year old male's problems continue - after he was kicked out of the bar, caught (according to eyewitnesses) damaging a vehicle, he was walking into the Deli on the Vine when three males ran over to him from the Tavern and assaulted him in retaliation for the damaged vehicle. All suspects had fled prior to EPD arrival. The male was transported to Lake West for treatment of non-life threatening injuries. Invest continues, 06/09/12 0615hrs someone practicing their chipping/driving damaged a home in the 900 block of Quentin. The resident also advised his windshield on his vehicle was possibly chipped by a golf ball as well., 06/09/12 0254hrs a 33 year old male resident was observed driving his vehicle on Vine St in the middle of both W/B lanes. The male then stopped for a green light before making a right hand turn onto a side street. As the male pulled into a driveway he went through a ditch. He was stopped and after failed testing arrested for OVI and held for bond., 06/09/12 0144hrs another trip to the Tavern - patrons reported pulling into the parking lot and observing a male come from the woods and damage a vehicle by bending the antena and possibly flattening the vehicle tires. The suspect was identifed as the male banned from the bar earlier - warrants will be issued for his arrest for criminal damaging and trespassing., 06/08/12 2247hrs caller advised the two people that were removed from the Tavern were back yelling and swearing at people. The male advised he was looking for his wallet that was lost during the eariler scuffle. The male was  again advised to leave and not return or face trespassing charges., 06/08/12 2209hrs report of a disturbance at the Eastlake Tavern that was getting physical and spiling out onto Vine St involving 5-6 people. A 43 year old male apparently was the problem taking money off the bar and starting fights with everyone. All parties were sent on their way, no one wanted to pursue charges and there were no visible injuries to anyone. The trouble maker was followed to his home (on foot) to make sure he left the area. He used his pent up anger on the way home yelling at the passing traffic on Vine., 06/08/12 2021hrs one of our Sgt's assisted in rescuing a kitten that was trapped under a patio enclosure in a 4 inch drain pipe about 2 feet under the ground on Valley Ridge - kitten was saved and reunited with it's owner., 06/07/12 1608hrs a resident in the 33200 block of Lakehsore reported a jet ski stand was removed from his front yard while he was at work. Report taken., 06/08/12 1420hrs today 5 year old Dillion and 8 year old Brianna from Waverly Rd were issued safety certificates for being "caught" wearing their bicycle helmets - good job kids!, 06/08/12 1419hrs a 47 year old female resident was arrested for shoplifting $195.73 worth of merchandise from Dollar General on Vine St. The merchandise, household items, was later recovered in a recycle bin behind a school in Euclid. The suspect said she thought it was a bin to donate to needy children. Other merchandise was recovered from her purse. She was processed and held for bond., 06/08/12 0401hrs a passing motorist who is also a business owner on Vine, flagged down an officer on Vine St to report a person throwing rocks at businesses. One front window was found damaged by a rock. A search of the area did not locate the suspect. Invest continues., 06/08/12 0018 a 17 year old female was given a curfew ticket for being at Jakse Park after curfew - the 21 year old male she was with was given a verbal warning for park hours. The female was released to her mother at the park., 06/07/12 1730hrs call of a young girl struck by a vehicle at Eastlake Middle School - the father of the child was with her and advised a car rolled into his 5 year old daughter knocking her down. The child was not injured., 06/07/12 1720hrs a 21 year old female from Willowick turned herself in on a theft warrant. The female is accused of stealing jewelry from her grandmother. One ring was recovered the other was already pawned and melted down., 06/07/12 1500hrs officers reponded to Eastlake Middle School for a basketball gamein gym class that turned into a physical altercation over "ball hogging." One 15 year old male was taken into custody for assault and was referred to the Juvenile Diversion Program., 06/07/12 1147hrs two juvenile sisters (15 and 16) were taken into custody and charged with domestic violence after the two got into a physical brawl over a cell phone. One of the females that was on probation was transported to juvenile detention, the other released to the custody of the mother., 06/06/12 221hrs a father on E 361St came home to find his two sons spray painting a bicycle in the driveway that did not belong to them. After sorting through many lies and misleading statements a 11 year old was charged with theft of the bike and his 15 year old friend with complicity. The two stole the bike from Manor Park Apts then rode to Mentor to steal the spray paint. They are being referred to Juvenicle Court due to this is not the first theft offense for either of the boys., 06/06/12 1212hrs Four year old Ms Taly was issued a safety certificate for wearing her bicycle helmet on E 331St by Waverly. Way to go Taly!, 06/05/12 2212hrs complaint of a disturbance in the 1000 block of E 347St. The caller could hear yelling coming from the residence. Juveniles were fighting over a pair of shoes - resolved., 06/05/12 1728hrs a neighbor complaint on River Dr reference a neighbor going outside on different occasions scantily dressed and using the backyard as a restroom. The male was spoken to about his behavior over the phone as he was not home at the time of call. EPD was called back to the residence when the male went outside to yell at the neighbors reference the complaints. He was advsied to stay indoors or stay with us. He complied., 06/05/12 Arrest of three male juveniles ages 14 and 15 from Cleveland were made in connection to the stolen vehicle from the Radisson on 06/03. They are charged with felony recieving stolen vehicle., 06/05/12 1710hrs EPD received a call from a resident on E 342St stating he caught a 14 year old juvenile on his property trespassing that had been court ordered to stay off of the property. Investigation uncovered the resident held the juvenile by gunpoint, telling another 16 year old juvenile to leave. The male placed the revolver into the trunk of his vehicle prior to EPD arrival and claimed it was a water pistol when asked. The gun was recovered and the 59 year old male was taken into custody for agg menacing and unlawful restraint. He was released on an unsecured $3500 bond., 06/05/12 1444hrs a vehicle was stopped on Lakeshore Bl near the basketball courts and opened his door as a 94 year old female drove out of her marked lanes and struck his door. The female continued driving down Lakeshore - the victim vehicle following her until she finally stopped at Pinehurst. The victim vehicle had to be towed from the scene due to the damage to the door, the female was cited for driving in marked lanes., 06/05/12 1619hrs a landlord on E 349St went to collect rent for the property only to find the tenants had moved out along with the appliances belonging to the landlord. The property owner will pursue the matter in civil court., 06/05/12 1222hrs a male reported he took his vehicle to an auto shop in Wickliffe a week ago for repairs. The male was driving on Vine and noticed his vehicle parked at the Handlebar. Officer spoke to the auto shop owner and had him turn the vehicle keys over to the owner., 06/05/12 Neighbors keeping an eye for neighbors - a neighbor on Riverdale observed a vehicle parked in her elderly neighbors drive occupied by two males. When asked the males stated they were there to do work, the caller did not believe the males and called EPD. On arrival the vehicle had already left the area and was not located.
A neighbor on Hillcrest noticed a garage door that was broken inward and was concerned for the homeowner. EPD did a welfare check, the homeowner was okay, the garage door had fallen off the track., null, Let me try that again - here is the new DARE car. This was one of our back up units. DARE donated decals specifically for use in the DARE program., 06/04/12 a 47 year old female from Painesville was arrested on felony counts of passing bad checks and theft after writting $2,630 (including bank fees) for bingo at the Community Center. She was processed and held for arraignment., We have over 3000 likes - thank you all - please keep your tips and ideas coming in, the extra information from the public has been tremedous., 06/04/12 Thanks to the overwhelming support from the public in regards to the two pictures featured yesterday were identified. The two were accused of a $80.34 dollar theft. The male involved gave several contradictory statements and refused to write a statement. The female denied knowledge of the theft and was released. It was decided by the victim (Walmart) that they would accept restitution in lieu of prosecution. The male at that time called a relative to borrow money to make restitution.  This case is now closed., 06/03/12 2029hrs several calls came in for six people fightiing in the roadway blocking the street on Courtland. A 15 year old male juvenile was taken into custody and charged with two counts of assault. At first the male - who had his shirt on backwards and turned inside out - denied being involved. One of the six involved captured the fight on video on his cell phone which clearly show the assaults, one on a 16 year old male and one on a 14 year old female. He will be referred to juvenile court., 06/03/12 1620hrs Sunday shoplifter - A 60 year old female from Euclid was arrested after concealing $54 worth of merchandise and leaving Walmart. She was held until bond could be met., 06/03/12 0549hrs theft of a motor vehicle report taken from the Radisson Hotel. The vehicle was later recovered along with two other stolen vehicles from other cities in Westlake. Investigation is continuing., 06/02/12 1641hrs a resident on E 343St reported a dog, that she doesn't know who it belongs to, entered her house and was trying to get to her dogs that were in the backyard. The caller was able to get the dog outside prior to our arrival - the dog owner showed up and took control of his animal. He was given a verbal warning for having the dog off of a leash., On thurday 05/3/12 0203hrs EPD received a third party call of a male that was shot on E 343St. When we arrived the male had already left for the hospital. The 46 year old male was uncooperative in the investigation but did advise he was looking at a friend's gun in the parking lot of the Handle Bar and shot himself in the knee. On 06/02/12 EPD arrested the male on felony charge of weapon under disability and a misdemeanor charge of firing a weapon in city limits., 06/02/12 0941hrs resident turned in a pink huffy bicycle found at the entrance to Dover Place Apts - call to claim., 06/02/12 0305hrs officer on patrol came across a male in ditch along with his bicycle on Portage Dr- the intoxicated male was given a courtesy transport to his home in surfside., 06/02/12 0009hrs a resident on Hillcrest had a landscaping block thrown through the front window of their home. Suspect vehicle is a smaller white car occupied by two younger white females - evidence located at the scene was processed - invest continues, 06/01/12 2007hrs a 21 year old female from Cleveland was the shoplifter for friday - the female claimed she forgot her money card in her car and didn't want to go get it. She was arrested for theft, booked in and was able to post a cash bond a short time later., 06/01/12 1707rhs hit-skip accident occured on SR 2 east of SR 91. A red vehicle, possibly a Honda Civic lost control on the freeway spinning out and striking another vehicle. The driver of the victim vehicle suffered an injury but declined transport to the hosptial. The suspect vehicle was last seen W/B on Vine St.  The car was being operated by a white male, early 20's wearing a baseball cap. Possible partial letters/numbers on the licence plate are  V Q 8., 05/31/12 2128hrs another trip to the beach for reported trespassing - there were only 8 people on the beach, two of them were residents of the area., 05/31/12 2121hrs a resident from Hulett advised his motorcycle broke down while he was riding it.  After bringing it to a shop it they determined there was sugar in the gas tank. He suspects his soon to be ex-wife is responsible., 05/31/12 2051hrs we were called back to Vine and E 332St for the same 30 year old male again yelling at people. The male was not outside on arrival and located at the Tavern. The male had calmed down by this time  - he advised a motorist kept driving by him yelling at him - he was advised to ignore the other male, an acquaintance of his., 05/31/12 1940hrs complaint of a male on the corner of E 332St and Vine causing a disturbance - yelling at several people. There were several women upset with the 30 year old male resident about a disagreement over a garage sale. Everyone was advised to stay away from each other., 05/31/12 there have been several complaints about the dogs at large on King Dr namely the german shepard that keeps getting loose. The dog is moving to a new home in a week or so which will alleviate the problem., 05/31/12 1603hrs a 50 year old male from E 360St reported he had been assaulted at a local bar by three males and suffered injuries as a result - this occured the friday prior.  During interviews it was learned the male was at the establishment three times on that date - beginning in the afternoon - and was refused service due to his state of intoxication. An independant witness advised the male was riding his bicycle and "crashed" at the curb/lot area of the bar as he was headed there a forth time. The bicycle was broken in the accident. The witness advised the male was too drunk to walk home and was transported home by a neighbor., 05/13/12 1705hrs assault complaint reported in the Vineyards near Valu King. The complainant advised while traveling through the parking lot he was cut off by another driver. A verbal confrontation began with both males (residents in their 50"s) exiting their vehicles. There are conflicting stories on what occured next but one of the males was pushed to the ground, both men then re-entered their vehicles and left the area. Due to the conflicting stories, no independant witness or sign of injury to either male no charges will be filed., 05/31/12 1605hrs 40 year old John Parrino of Willoughby was arrested for the Agg Robbery for the armed robbery that occured on 05/13/12 at the Library. He was also charged with Grand Theft Auto - accused of stealing a vehicle from a residence on Lakeshore on 05/16/12. He is currenly being held at the Lake County Jail., 05/31/12 1254hrs EPD was called to the Captian's Stadium for a 14 year old male streaker. The juvenile from Conneaut ran across the field in his underware. The juvenile's parents, who were also in attendance at the game will handle the discipline along with the school principal, 05/30/12 1638hrs - featured shoplifter - A 46 year old female resident was arrested for resisting arrest and theft on Vine St in Willoughby. The female had concealed items in her purse at Walmart ($64.88 total merchandise). When stopped by Loss Prevention at Walmart she refused to wait for EPD arrive and left in her vehicle. The vehicle was located in Willougby at Circle K. The female at first was cooperative but once placed under arrest she resisted arrest. She attempted to have her mother and daughter conceal her vehicle keys in attempts to prevent EPD from recovering the stolen property and at one point threw the keys under another vehicle. In the end she was arrested and charged with the theft and resisting arrest., 05/30/12 0959hrs officer stopped a vehicle on SR 2 for traveling 80mph in a 60mph zone. The 22 year old was found to have a felony warrant for his arrest through Euclid PD - original charge trafficking in drugs. He was arrested for the warrant, cited for the speed and possession of marijuana that was discovered during vehicle inventory prior to tow. He was turned over to Euclid PD's custody., 05/30/12 2335hrs report of 20-30 kids having a party on the beach - on arrival there were two separate groups, one group of two adults, one group of four adults - no alcohol and they were not being loud., 05/30/12 2202hrs report of a disturbance in the 37000 block of Lakeshore, caller could hear people arguing. On arrival the troublemaker had already left. No one knew the male's last name - they were advised to tell him when they see him he is no longer welcome to the home., 05/30/12 A Kindle Fire was turned in - found on Vine St - call to identify and claim. 440-951-1400, 05/30/12 0601hrs officers responded to an accident SR 2 near SR 91. A 21 year old male was traveling in the center lane and rear ended the vehicle in front of him.  During the accident investigation the 21 year old was arrested for OVI and driver inattention. At the station he submitted to a breath test with a score of 0.123. There were no injuries reported from the accident., 05/29/12 1915hrs disturbance on King Dr - more siblings arguing. Two sisters, 26 and 28 were arguing over the childrens candy. There was some hair pulling and pushing. Neither sister wanted to prosecute but the older sister did not want her younger sister to ever return to her property - she was advised., 05/29/12 0641hrs on-going neighbor dispute in the 34000 block of Lakeshore Bl. One neighbor complained the other's music was to loud, the other complained their neighbor's lights shine into their home at night. We were called back at  0919hrs for a neighbor that placed 7 to 8 signs in their window with obscene sayings directed at the caller. The signs were taken off the window both were given more advice., 05/29/12 2144hrs investigation continuing for a burglary that occured during the daytime hours this date at the Chagrin Trailer Park., 05/29/12 2048hrs a 26 year old female from Painesville was arrested for shoplifting $111.40 worth of merchandise from Walmart. She was observed pulling clothing and other items from a zippered comforter that she had purchased while at her vehicle - probably should have waited to admire her steal until she got home., 05/28/12 0923hrs a caller reported both gates on the old Kmarts property were left open. On the property officers located a property owner watering down the project to keep the dust down for neighboring homes and businesses., 05/27/12 2116hrs report of a possibly intoxicated male laying on the ground on Lakeshore. The 48 year old male from Cleveland was located on the bike path near Roberts Rd walking. He was given a ride back to the Croation Hall where he was attending a wedding., 05/28/12 1905hrs a resident on Paxton reported she returned from an outting and discovered someone had entered her home and removed two game systems from the home. Investigation continuing, 05/27/12 1551hrs officers responded to Pinehurst for a mother who wanted her 13 year old daughter removed from her home following a verbal domestic. Both parties were spoken to and both parties promised no more name calling and will try to get along., 05/27/12 2248hrs disturbance call at the Eastview Meadows Apts for a domestic disturbance between a 28 year old female and her 22 year old brother.  Apparently the male was using foul language in front of his sister's infant child when he yelled at his sister for yelling at their mother who was also in the car. The sister became upset and hit the male in his head with her bag of food from McDonalds. The male grabbed the bag tearing it and "ruined her food".  The sister then threw her pop at the brother striking him in the chest causing pop to go all over the interior of the vehicle. The male was taken into custody for an unrelated probation violation warrant - the prosecutor will review the report for any further charges., 05/27/12 0102hrs report of a domestic dispute at the Dover Apts. The female caller advsied she was arguing with her boyfriend. Officer attempted to speak with the 32 year old male who was uncooperative and appeared to be highly intoxicated. The male was taken into custody for disorderly conduct/intoxication. The male's friend, who was also intoxicted was given a ride to an apt complex close by. As the 32 year old was exiting the cruiser he became loud, disruptive and ran from the officer. He was apprehended, arrested and charged with disorderly conduct/intoxication., 05/26/12 2054hrs a resident turned over a scooter that was abandoned in his front yard in the 1300 block of E 331St. If you are missing one or know someone who is please call to claim., 05/26/12 1928hrs a resident on E 332St was allowing a homeless male to sleep in a tent in her backyard, allowing him to come in the home for showers and food. The landlord did not want the male on the property and he was told he had to leave by the resident. The male becamse upset, went into the tent where they also had items for a garage sale and urinated over all the property. EPD was unable to locate the male., 05/26/12 1748hrs hit-skip accident reported on E 346St - a vehicle backed out of a drive and struck a vehicle in the street. The driver of the vehicle was located at her home on E 337St and cited. She advised she had the music really loud in the car so she didn't know she hit anything., 05/26/12 1738hrs suspicious vehicle called in on E 331St. The caller advised a vehicle keeps coming and going at a vacant home. The vehicle and operator belonged to the homewowners son who was doing work on the inside of the house., 05/26/12 1722hrs EPD assisted a young mother with her 2 and 4 year olds.  The children had locked themselves in the bathroom, the mother was unable to open the door. Entry was made and the children were fine., 05/26/12 1604hrs report of a male laying in the grass area east of the funeral home on Lakeshore. The 60 year old male resident was located in the woods at 1612hrs. The male was intoxicated and due to his health problems he stated he was unable to walk the rest of the way home. He was given a courtesy transport., 05/26/12 1032hrs officer running a traffic detail on Erie Rd stopped a vehicle for traveling 43MPH in the 25MPH zone. The 63 year old male driver from Mentor was cited then arrested on a felony warrant with Avon PD for theft. His vehicle was towed and he was released to Avon PD., 05/26/12 0422hrs complaint received of an intoxicated male walking around Sunoco Food Mart's property. On arrival the 60 year old male from Euclid was identified. He had an active warrant out of Painesville PD for contempt of court on a disorderly charge. He was arrested and turned over to Painesville PD's custody., 05/25/12 2013hrs a 33 year old female called EPD claiming she was almost assaulted at the Eastlake Tavern. At the Tavern the barmaid advised she would not serve the intoxicated female who became upset and started problems with other customers. The female was advsied she is not welcome at the bar and would be arrested for trespassing if she returned., 05/25/12 1322hrs an internal investigation by Asset Protection managers and Loss Prevention personnel led to the arrest of a 56 year old female from Euclid, an employee of Walmart. The female when confronted by the personnel, admitted to stealing nearly $6000 cash between March and May of this year. She was charged with felony theft and held without bond., 05/25/12 0823hrs a 48 year old male from Cleveland turned himself in on probable cause warrants for assault and menacing. These stemmed from a traffic altercation that ended in the fire department driveway on 05/13. The male made lewd comments to a female passenger in another vehicle. He then brake checked them down 91 from Vine at one point getting out of his vehicle mimicking he had a gun which then led to an altercation in the fire department drive., 05/25/12 1014hrs officer checking an occupied vehicle on E 343St lef to the arrest of four male juveniles. Two were given daytime curfew tickets for not being in school, one was charged with daytime curfew, tobacco products and possession of marijuana, the third, the vehicle owner who let the others borrow his car was charged with possession of marijuana, paraphernalia and suspended from school after admitting the drugs were on school property prior to the vehicle leaving the school., 05/25/12 0307hrs a vehicle traveling on E 337St was stopped for driving without headlights. The 23 year old male operator from Euclid was given a citation for possession of marijuana that he had concealed on his person and given a verbal warning for the headlights., 05/25/12 0143hrs officers responded to the 1200 block of E 346St for a noise complaint. On arrival the persons inside were identifed and a 48 year old male was taken into custody for felony drug abuse charges from a warrant issued earlier this week through our department.  (See posting from 05/20/12)., 05/24/12 1958hrs officer was flagged down by a female at the Little Leauge fields asking if the officer would speak to another male reference his behavior at the field. The officer determined it the female complaintant was the one acting out and she was advised to leave., 05/24/12 three shoplifters thursday - two 14 year old females from Eastlake at Drugmart and a 23 year old male from Wickliffe from Walmart concealing $174 worth of merchandise. He is being held on bond., 05/24/12 1630hrs unwanted guest situation at Eastview Meadow Apts. The caller wanted his 28 year old daughter removed from the apartment for not following house rules after he agreed to allow her to move back a few days ago. Both parties were spoken to and all came to an agreement for now., 05/24/12 1616hrs workers at Walmart located marijuana on the floorboard of a vehicle they were working on at the auto center belonging to a 19 year old Euclid man. A consent search was conducted with no other marijuana located., 05/24/12 0748hrs officer responded to E 347St for damage to property. A tree branch from a neighboring home fell on the callers fence damaging it.  EPD contacted realtor company and advised them of the occurrance., 05/24/12 0318hrs a 17 year old was given a curfew citation and his parents contacted to pick him up after he was discovered at the seawall getting to know his 19 year old girlfriend - he was also made to pick up his personal belongings that he threw out the window when they were done talking., 05/24/12 0123hrs caller advised a male was in the street yelling nonsense and was now running north - he was then spotted behind a tree at Sylvia and Willowick - again on Lawton running between houses. Officers searching for the male on foot located him at a home on Willowick Dr where he lived. The family of the 14 year old advised they would take care of the punishment. They were advised of charges if it occured again., 05/23/12 2132hrs report of a male that is possibly intoxicated that fell at in Circle K attempting to purchase beer. The 63 year old resident was transported home. He had become dizzy which caused him to fall. The male was uninjured., 05/23/12 2208hrs 2 for 1 - two females from Euclid (20 and 21) were arrested for shopliting at Walmart. The duo's combined total theft was $89.90., EPD responded to Howells Ct for a tree on fire. A resident spraying water from a garden hose on a pine tree that was located up against the house.  The homeowner advised while inside her home she heard some type of firework and then heard a male say "the tree is on fire that's not good".  She came out and her tree was on fire. The male heard was located - a 25 year old resident - He advised he attached a large bottle rocket to a styrofoam plane and launched it into the air. The plane went across the street and caught the tree on fire. He was charged possession of fireworks and issued mm citation. There was no damage to the house and the tree was scorched at the top., 05/23/12 1940hrs verbal argument at Monreal funeral home between a 25 year old male and a 61 year old male both from Willowick. On arrival the argument was taking place outside - the two were having an argument over family issues and headed their separate ways., 05/23/12 1934hrs call received of a male attempting to get into a locked dumpster at Charter One bank on Vine.  The male was identifed - he was the cleaning / maintenance man for the bank., 05/23/12 1742hrs solicitor complaint on Shelton the five men selling windows were advised they needed a permit issued through the city before they could return., On May 19th 2012 Dollar Bank in Eastlake was robbed.  Since that time ur department has been looking for John Caputo.  Mr Caputo was dentified through video from the bank is was also a suspect in bank robberies in Wickliffe, Willowick and Willoughby.
     Our department obtained one of many active warrants and we have worked along with the other agencies on a daily basis to make an arrest.  At noon on May 22 I was contacted by Dominic Vitantonio who identified himself as John Caputo's attorney.  He was calling to negotiate a surrender of Mr Caputo to the Eastlake Police Department.
     I spoke with Mr Vitantonio and we made arrangements for the safe arrest of his client.  Mr Vitanonio followed all instructions and
brought John Caputo to the empty city lot at the corner of SR91 and
Vine.  At this time both Mr Caputo and Mr Vitanonio both complied
with all orders of the arresting officers and was taken into custody
without incident.
     He was brought to the station and processed.  All other agencies were notified and Mr Caputo declined to make a statement at this time.
     I am proud of the investigation that was conducted by our department led by Lt Gonzalez.  His work along with the hard work and efforts of the other agencies that were affected, was instrumental in building a strong case against this individual and bringing these events to a eaceful conclusion.

Chief Larry Reik
440 951-1400, 05/23/12 0437hrs trespassing complaint inthe 1600 block of E 332St. Caller reported someone was knocking on the door and pounding on the windows. On scene the suspect, a raccoon, had fled the area - the raccoon had gotten into the garbage that was next to the house causing the noises., 05/22/12 2121hrs disturbance / traffic altercation at Walmart between two women. The complainant advised she was almost hit head-on by the other female traveling the wrong way in an aisle. Neither female would move their vehicles to allow the other to pass. On scene the motorist traveling the wrong way was advised she needed to move her car as she was the driver in the wrong., 05/22/12 1641hrs harassment complaint from a resident in the 1100 block of E 337St. A 18 year old female is having problems with a 19 year old male posting things about her on facebook and texting her. He was contacted and advised if he continues he will be charged., 05/22/12 1629hrs disturbance in the 1300 block of E 345St between a mother and her 22 year old son. They decided to part ways, the male gathered his belongings and will live somewhere else., 05/22/12 1459hrs EFD investigated a complaint of a bright green substance in the creek in the 500 block of Vesely Ct. It was determined to be from sewer dye testing., 05/22/12 1114hrs a 15 year old male student from NHS was arrested on felony charges after it was reported he was brandishing a spring loaded switch blade knife in the boy's locker room. The students reported he was chasing another male student with knife, however the victim claimed they were merely fooling around. The knife was located in his pocket and he was taken into custody charged with CCW in a school zone., 05/22/12 1055hrs motorists driving through McDonald's were given a free food item if they were wearing their safety belts. If they weren't wearing them they were given a penny for good luck - if you don't wear your safety belt you'll need it -  this was part of the "click it or ticket" program., 05/22/12 0931hrs EPD responded to the area of SR 2 west for a report from Painesville PD of a stolen green monte carlo believed to be headed to Cleveland. Painesville PD advised a 21 year old male from Cleveland broke into the female vehicle owners apt, assaulted the female and stole her vehicle. Officers observed the green chevy pass. EPD units pulled behind the vehicle and conducted traffic stop on the suspect vehicle. The  driver was taken into custody without incident. Painesville PD responded to the scene and took custody of the male. The vehicle was returned to the owner., 05/22/12 0012hrs officers were called to perform a welfare check on a motorist on Curtis that was stopped on the roadway. On scene the vehicle was running, lights on and the door open. The front tires of the vehicle were over a curb. The operator, a 21 year old from Euclid, was found passed out in the car in the drivers seat. Once officers were able to wake the male, he advised he had "a bunch to drink."  He was arrested for OVI. He was placed into the rear seat of the crusier and immediately passed out again. He was held for  bond and sobriety - no breath sample was taken he refused the test., 05/21/12 1950hrs four 16 year old juveniles from Willowick and Timberlake dined at Jalisco's. Two of them paid for their food, left tips and two walked out on their bill. The juveniles were located at Woodland Park, returned to the restaurant where the two paid what was owned on their tab. All four were advised they are banned from the resturant. Jalisco's did not with to press charges., 05/21/12 1747hrs EPD responded to Charter One bank for a disturbance - this turned out to be not a disturbance but a 63 year old male from Willoughby who bumbed a baby stroller while he was pulling out of the parking lot. There were no injuries to the child., 05/21/12 1509hrs EPD responded to Washington Elementary for a bus that was struck in the parking lot. There was no injuries and no damage to the bus or van., 05/21/12 1200hrs a 16 year old male was arrested at NHS for theft of an IPod taken earlier this month. The juvenile stated he was unable to break the password for the IPod, placed it in a vacant locker to attempt to crack the password later and the IPod was stolen from him. SRO recommended resitution to the owner and diversion., 05/20/12 0542hrs an intoxicated 48 year old male from E 346St advised officers he had been smoking marijuana and drinking with another male on E 354St. The 52 year old male from E 354St gave him a vicodin and he was complaining that he was feeling strange and questioned whether it was in fact vicodin since he has experience with vicodin and it didn't feel the same. He was transported to Lake West for treatment. The male from E 354St admitted drinking and smoking with the other male and to giving him a vicodin - the prescription was shown to officers to verify. Next to the prescription bottle was the marijuana which was confiscated. Warrants will be issued for both males., 05/20/12 0516hrs unwanted guest at the Radisson Hotel - a female caller wanted a male removed from her hotel room that she had paid for.  The 33 year old male from Pierpont was given a courtesy ride to another hotel., 05/20/12 0356hrs a female called EPD to report she was being followed by a vehicle from Eastlake to Euclid and back to Eastlake. Officer located the vehicle being operated by a 18 year old male resident. The male advised they were doing it as a prank - he was told the consequences if he continued., We are having some sort of glitch with the computer and are unable to open the private messages that were sent - email the chief directly at lreik@eastlakepd.org, 05/20/12 0321hrs criminal damage report taken in the 1200 block of E 331St. A house and vehicle were struck by BB's breaking the window glass on the car. The suspect vehicle is either a maroon PT cruiser or Chevy HHR., 05/19/12 1825hrs the same male from Strongsville arrested for theft at Walmart on 05/18/12 was identifed on video in another theft at Walmart committed on 05/16/12. The male made off with $193.85 worth of electronics. A warrant will be issued for his arrest with this charge., EASTLAKE, OH (WOIO) - A mother already in trouble for being drunk while the family dog attacked her young son has been busted for driving drunk - with her kids in the car.

Mindy Sotak was picked up Saturday around noon at the Eastlake WalMart.

Police tell 19 Action News Sotak backed out of her parking spot, hit another car and tried to leave the scene. 

An officer at the WalMart investigating another case tried to stop Sotak, but she kept driving. A second officer in the parking lot was finally able to stop her.

Sotak's three and five-year-old children were in the car. They have since been turned over to their father.

Sotak is now charged with DUI, hit skip, failure to comply and child endangering.

Sotak pleaded not guilty to child endangering charges earlier this month. She's accused of being drunk while the family dog attacked her three-year-old son.

The little boy was not injured.

Copyright 2012 WOIO. All rights reserved., 05/19/12 0209hrs a vehicle was stopped on SR 2 for traveling 90mph in a 60mph zone. The vehicle was being operated by a 17 year old male from Painesville who did not have a driver's license - he was cited and the vehicle towed. His 17 year old passenger from Cleveland was arrested for possession of marijuana. He also had an outstanding warrant through Lake County Juvenile Detention for his arrest. He was taken into custody and transported to detention., 05/19/12 0109hrs disturbance call in the 900 block of Waverly between a 59 year old male and a 46 year old female. The male who was highly intoxicated was taken into custody for disorderly conduct and held until sober., 05/18/12 1841hrs a 34 year old male from Strongsville was arrested for shoplifting over $300 worth of electronics from Walmart. He also had a bench warrant issued out of WMC for failing to appear on a traffic violation issued by EPD.  He was held for bond on the two charges., 05/18/12 1039hrs a 80 year old resident of Willoughby reported he was robbed at gunpoint on Lakeshore Bl in Eastlake. The male advised he was at a bar in Willoughby when approached by another male asking for assistance to fix his vehicle. Upon driving the suspect to where he said his vehicle was the suspect pulled a gun taking money and checks., 05/17/12 disturbance at Dover Place Apts - a 52 year old male was accusing a 38 year old female of placing feces in his laundrey basket and pulled her hair. The female declined to pursue charges against the male -, 05/17/12 1430hrs complaint received of two males and two females with a baby stroller smoking marijuana at Jakse Park. Officer spoke with the four young adults, all were smoking cigarettes - no drugs located, 05/17/12 1332hrs EPD responded to the Eastview Meadow Apts for a theft complaint - an 85 year old male befriended a 73 year old male from Euclid - the male from Euclid stole money from the callers bedroom. The complainant did not wish to pursue charges. The 73 year old was advised not to return to the apartment or he will face trespassing charges., 05/17/12 1245hrs EPD participated in Career Day at Longfellow school on Stevens., 05/17/12 1215hrs a resident from Windsor Ct reported her credit card was stolen from Shore Circle Laundromat and used at Walmart. Officer responded to Walmart and obtained a still picture from video of the $584.72 transaction for identification purposes and showed it to the complainant. She identifed the 37 year old female from Willoughby as her home healthcare giver. It just so happened the worker was due at the home while we were there. A few moments later she was taken into custody and charged with felony theft of a credit card, held without bond., 05/16/12 1038hrs Dollar Bank on Vine reported their awning was damaged by a driver in a work truck that struck the awning after making a transaction at the drive-thru. The driver was contacted and will work with the bank to have it repaired., 05/17/12 0958hrs EPD welcomed students from the Deepwood Center for a tour of the station and "stranger/danger" talk. It was nice meeting you all., 05/17/12 0827hrs a resident on Parkway reported his vehicle stolen from his driveway sometime overnight. The resident believes an acquaintance took the vehicle without permission - invest continuing., 05/16/12 0324hrs disturbance call in the 37400 block of Green Dr. On arrival a 50 year old male was located on Clurtland Bl bleeding from the side of his face. Complainants at the Green Dr residence advised the male was an unwanted guest due to his state of intoxication. The male left and returned with a wooden stick and struck another guest at the home, he was tackled and left only to return again this time stating he had a gun - again he was tackled and left. The 50 year old had four outstanding warrants, EPD, Mayfield Hts, Trubell County and Lake County Sheriffs. He was taken into custody and charged with disorderly intox and the warrants after receiving treatment at Lake West for his injuries- no gun was located - the complainants wished no further police involvement., Congrats to Ptl McCauley and his K-9 Ekko on winning the 2011 Top Honor for Apprehension at the Bil-Jac Foods and German Sheperd Dog Club of Nothern Ohio K-9 trials. He and Ekko competed against other K-9 teams from around northern Ohio., 05/17/12 0142hrs a caller reported an intoxicated male was riding his bike on Vegas toward Roberts. Officer located the 50 year old male resident who had crashed on his bicycle. A relative was called to pick him up and transport him home to E 347St., 05/17/12 0048 unwanted guest call received from a resident in the 1300 block of E 359St. The caller wanted her boyfriend removed from the residence - she called from a different location. The female and officer responded to the home, woke the male up who was sleeping on the couch. The male was found to have a warrant for his arrest through Rocky River PD. He was arrested and custody was transported to RRPD., 05/16/12 2329hrs a 52 year old male from Willoughby Hills was arrested and charged with assault at the Manor Park Apts. The male punched his son's 33 year old girlfriend in the face - according to the victim it was due to him not liking her. Rescue treated the victim on scene., 05/16/12 1050hrs a resident reported receiving several letters in the mail from her ex-husband who she has a protection order against. A warrant was issued for the 47 year old S Euclid male. He was taken into custody by S Euclid PD and transported to EPD where he is being held on $10,000 cash bond. This male was just recently released from prison for the same violation., 05/16/12 0925hrs a resident in the 36500 block of Lakeshore reported her vehicle stolen from her driveway. Report taken, 05/15/12 0845hrs vandalism / att theft report taken from the 35700 block of Curtis Bl. Overnight a catalytic converter was cut off a vehicle and left at the scene., Beginning May 21, 2012 through June 3, 2012 we will be participating in the Click it or Ticket campaign via the Ohio Office of Criminal Justice Services - Traffic safety Bureau.  Buckle up., 05/15/12 1834hrs if you know you have a warrant for your arrest you probably shouldn't draw attention to yourself...disturbance call at the Offshore, caller reported two intoxicated males were kicking a vehicle then left headed towards Lakeshore. The vehicle, being driven by a sober female, stated they were upset that they had no money and caused a scene outside the bar. The passenger, a 34 year old from Willoughby, was arrested on a probation violation warrant from Painesville. He advised he was aware of the warrant. He was taken into custody and transported for a meet and custody exchange with PPD., 05/15/12 1604hrs call received of a male lying in a ditch in front of the Eastlake Terrace Apts. On arrival the 60 year old male was checked by EFD rescue who cleared him of any medical issues. the male was arrested for MM disorderly intoxication and held at EPD until sober., To the person that sent us the private message - we can not pull that message up for some reason. Part of the first sentence is all we have but this may answer your question - a condition of the bond wil be no contact with the victims or bond will be revoked - try re-sending the message if this doesn't answer your question please., In the month of April fourteen juveniles in the Eastlake Police Diversion Progran completed a total of 96 community service hours completing tasks such as; trash pick up at the seawall, Jakse Park, the skate park, community center, North High, along Lakeshore, Glen Dr and Willoway Park. They cleaned graffitti off of playground equipment at Jakse Park. Lawns for the disabled were mowed on Waverly, Waterbury and Willowick Dr., 05/15/12 0024hrs EPD received several calls of a male pedestrian crossing Vine St not yielding to oncoming traffic. The 43 year old intox male was located by Willow Vu Apts and cited for impeding traffic he was to stay at a friend's apt at Springcrest. He was advised if he was seen outside again this morning he'd come to our house., 05/14/12 2311hrs criminal damage report in the 33900 block of Willowick Dr. Caller reported her vehicle was keyed with the words "LAKESHORE CREEPER WAS HERE"  Report taken., 05/14/12 2049hrs 9-1-1 call from an 18 year old female lost in the woods after she left from Galalina beach walking west. At 2101hrs she spotted an officers headlights that he was flashing into the woods in hopes she would see them - 2115hrs officers made contact with her and she was out of the woods at 2132hrs., 05/14/12 1839hrs a caller was out with an intoxicated 63 year old male from Willoughby attempting to drive away from Jalisco's. The caller found the male sleeping in his vehicle and took the males keys. The two of them agreed to let the caller drive the intoxicated male home., 05/14/12 1837hrs two male juveniles on the pedestrian bridge at Stevens and SR 91 were sent on their way - they were attempting to distract traffic. At 1842hrs the same two boys found more mischief at the recycling bins at Longfellow - again the 12 and 13 year old were sent on their way., 05/14/12 1223hrs a contractor working for a foreclosure company reported a house on Hiawatha was entered and most of the copper, duct work and fixtures were stolen., 05/14/12 0754hrs a resident on E 361St reported her vehicle was stolen sometime overnight. The vehicle was already recovered by Euclid PD the same night after being involved in a traffic accident. Investigation continuing., 05/14/12 0015hrs disturbance call in the 1200 block of E 349St. Caller reported his landlord entered his home and took the rent money and threatened him. The dispute was over rent and a fire pit both stated they said things they didn't mean and wanted no further police intervention., 05/13/12 1712hrs a 49 year old male from Willowick was arrested at St Justin's church and charged with menacing by stalking when the victim noticed the male watching her home from the parking lot. This was one incident of many documented by EPD with the same victim and suspect. The suspect is also charged with felony drug possession., 05/13/12 1210hrs recevied reports of an elderly male operating his vehicle recklessly along Lakeshore and crashing into some bushes in the 37000 block of Lakeshore. The male was transported to the hospital for medical problems. Officer moved his vehicle to the willoway beach park and advised family members of the transport., 05/13/12 0758hrs complaint of theft of utilities on Paxton Rd. Officer lcoated a power cord running between two homes - going through the yards and into a window of a home. The cord was unplugged by the officer and returned to the 32 year old owner who advised he was charging something in his house., 05/13/12 0348hrs caller at Eastlake Terrace Apts reported he could hear someone or something walking on the roof or in his attic space. It was found to be some sort of rodent scratching and digging. He was advised to contact management., 05/13/12 0136hrs a call of a male that was struck in the head with a beer bottle and his wallet taken. The male was located in front of Eastlake Tavern and transported to Lake West for treatment of his injuries. Through the course of the investigation, evidence and  witnesses it was determined the crime actually occured in Willowick. Investiagion turned over to their agency., 05/12/12 2237hrs loud music complaint at Lakeside Vista Estates - resident was advised of the complaint., 05/12/12 2140hrs report of a verbal dispute in the 33000 block of Willowick Dr. The caller advised her boyfriend struck her vehicle in the driveway. By the time we got there they decided no one wanted to do anything and could not/would not advise what happened., 05/12/12 175hrs hit-skip private property accident in the Vineyards  Plaza - suspect vehicle is a silver midsize toyota. Witnesses stated the vehicle sustained heavy rearend damage. Possible plate beginning of "EJD"  Anyone with any information is asked to contact EPD Ptl Christian., 05/12/12 1722hrs EPD responded to the Chagrin Trailer park for a verbal argument between four males. The 40 something year old males were arguing over beer - the male responsible for the argument had already left prior to our arrival., 05/12/12 1647hrs two 23 year old females, one from Cleveland , one from Euclid were arrested for shoplifting $153.14 worth of clothing from Walmart. A 13 year old juvenile with the women was not involved in the theft. One of the females was able to post bond after processing was completed - the other bonded out a short time later., 05/12/12 1202hrs report of a highly intoxicated female stmbling and falling at Lakeshore in front of the trailer park. The 53 year old female had made her way back to the trailer.  A neighbor advised he would "keep an eye on her for today", 05/11/12 2214hrs a 26 year old female was arrested for criminal damaging for slashing three tires on her girlfriends vehicle after an argument at the Ranch Manor Apts. She was taken into custody and held for bond., 05/11/12 2040hrs a verbal disagreement was reported in the 1200 block of E 345St by the homeowner who wanted a 41 year old removed from her home. The male was checked for warrants and was found to be wanted by LCSO on a theft warrant. He was taken into custody and transfered to their custody. The homeowner was advised on how to proceed with eviction., 05/11/12 0819hrs EPD responded to the 1400 block of E 357St for an attempted B&E report. There was no entry made into the building however inside the unit officers discovered a large amount of synthetic marijuana. Beginning May 22 a City Ordinance will be in place making the selling and possessing of this product illegal in Eastlake., 05/11/12 0758hrs EPD assisted Eastlake Middle School with a disgruntled parent, who's child is court ordered to attend school,  that was unhappy her child got struck in the eye with a pen the day before. It was determined this was accidental and she was advised if she is concerned to take her daughter to the doctor for treatment., http://www.nleomf.com/programs/policeweek/, 05/10/12 1609hrs officer responded to the 1400 block of E 330St for a landlord tenant dispute. The renter was upset the homeowner was replacing a garage door, a verbal argument ensued. It was determined the renter was given notice of the repairs but had forgotten - work to continue another day..., 05/10/12 1025hrs Harbor Freight Tools reported having a problem with a customer in the store - the male was upset because he could not return an item without a receipt.  While on scene the male was able to locate his receipt in his vehicle - return made, 05/10/12 0956hrs complaint of a male loitering at the Final Score and making a mess outside. The male was taking chairs from inside the bar and placing them outside. He was told to leave their property alone and that he was no longer welcome at the business., By News-Herald staff
Editor@News-Herald.com
@newsheraldinoh

Bird lovers are invited to use Twitter to help name eight Peregrine falcon chicks hatched at FirstEnergy Corp.’s Lake Shore Plant in Cleveland and the Eastlake Plant.

Those interested can tweet their best falcon name ideas to @FirstEnergyCorp and include the hashtag #fefalcons by noon on Tuesday,.

Company representatives will review public submissions as well as suggestions from FirstEnergy employees. The best names will be presented to Ohio Department of Natural Resources officials who will

pick the winners and bestow names on the chicks when they are banded with identification tags.

Since 2005, nearly 40 Peregrine falcon chicks have been born at three FirstEnergy Lake Erie power plants and banded by ODNR.

Notable names have included Chayton, the Soiux Indian word for falcon and Gavin, a Welsh name meaning “white hawk of battle.” Last year, one of the falcons was named “Goddard” to honor long-time Cleveland FOX8 television meteorologist Dick Goddard, a noted animal lover., Just a reminder that out parking ticket audit is in full swing.  Many residents have received either phone calls or flyers reminding them of their outstanding obligations.  If you feel as though you may have overlooked a prior parking citation, please contact Ptl Vince Cronin at 440-951-1400 or vcronin@eastlakepd.org to check. A list of vehicles which have an outstanding parking citation with two (2) mailed notifications will be completed soon.  Starting monday May 14, 2012, vehicles on this list may be towed and impounded until all fines are are paid., 05/09/12 2141hrs an employee at McDonalds reported a group of male adults keep coming and going back and forth to the restroom together. On arrival officer walked into the bathroom and observed one 28 year old male, claiming to be homeless, using heroin. The male was arrested charged with felony possession held without bond. Two other males waiting for the arrestee were searched and released without charges., 05/09/12 1919hrs a 29 year old male resident was arrested for shoplifting an 18 pack of beer from Valu King. This same male was also arrested on an outstanding warrant for shoplifting batteries at Walmart on 04/24/12 which was captured on video., 05/09/12 1836hrs hit-skip private property accident at the Adult Mart on Lakeland. A silver mini van struck another vehicle in the parking lot, exited his vehicle to look at the damage then fled the scene. Execellent surveillance video obtained - investigation continuing., 05/09/12 1831hrs call of a disturbance at the old Sears on Vine St being caused by three males. The males were located on the loading dock - one of the 21 year old males had too much to drink and was transported home to E 359St., 05/09/12 1630hrs for those of you caught up in traffic yesterday on SR2 during rush hour - a vehicle traveling E/B slowed down for geese in the roadway. The vehicle traveling behind him struck the vehicle from behind. The first vehicle swerved left after being struck in front of a vehicle in the center lane causing the three car pile up. There were no life threatening injuries., 05/08/12 a homeowner on Dolores Dr having an on-going problem with juveniles trespassing on his property and damaging his property caught two of the juveniles on film. The juveniles were identified along with a third young teen who admitted since March they have been entering the area and causing damage. The trio were arrested and charged with criminal damage. They will be referred to the juvenile diversion program. Restitution will be ordered when estimate is received by the homeowner., 05/08/12 2025hrs EPD and EFD responded to Chagrin Trailer Park for a theft of firewood / open burn complaint. The firewood that was stolen was believed to contain asbestos. The fire was extinguished - the victim in the theft did not want to prosecute for the theft, rather he was concerned for the possible harard., 05/08/12 1559hrs EPD and EFD assisted a 14 year old male that climbed a large tree and was frightened to climb back down. By 1720hrs the juvenile was back on the ground and reunited with his parents who were contacted to respond to the scene at Jakse Park., 05/08/12 1302hrs officers responded to Ranch Manor Apts for an unwanted guest complaint. While at the apartment advising the 43 year old male from Willoughby he had to leave, a bicycle was observed in the living room matching that of a bike stolen from Drug Mart the day before. The male admtted being drunk and stealing the bike. He was taken into custody for the theft and held for bond. The bike was returned to the owner, an employee of Drug Mart., 05/08/12 0051hrs several calls of gunshots from Dover Place Apts - fireworks were located by the dumpster and disposed of., 05/07/12 2143hrs a caller on Center Rd reported people were inside of a vacant bank owned home. On arrival a female was located inside and identified as the deceased homeowner's daughter. She was  advised to leave as the bank now owns the home., 05/07/12 2100hrs EFD responded to Sussex Apts for a microwave that caught on fire filling the first floor with smoke - the building was all clear and under control by 2114hrs., 05/07/12 2025hrs report of a suspicious person on Amy Ct - caller stated a male riding a bicycle was looking into his neighbor's windows then entered the neighbor's vehicle placing items from inside the car into his pockets - the 29 year old male was located on SR 91 - the house and car belonged to his brother, the brother was called and verified the story., 05/07/12 0125hrs EPD received a call from a resident on Michelle Lane advising an unoccupied truck was parked in their driveway that they did not recognize. The truck registration returned to a business on Lakeland Bl. The business owner was contacted and stated he last knew the truck to parked at the shop waiting for repairs. The truck was towed back to the business, the owner did not wish for any other police involvement., 05/06/12 2056hrs - the family that steals together - a 49 year old male, his 42 year old brother and his 41 year old girlfriend all from Cleveland were arrested for shoplifting over $1,000 worth of electronics and other merchandise. The three were also suspects in a theft at this store on 05/03/12 stealing over $1000 worth of merchandise and charged for that theft as well. The 49 year old was charged with 2 counts of theft, the female was charged with felony theft and criminal tools, the 42 year old was charged with felony theft, possession of herion, drug instruments, and criminal tools. The three admitted they commit the thefts to support their drug habits., 05/06/12 1817hrs a caller in the 400 block of E 331St reported a vehicle with out of state plates pulled into a driveway and dumped carpet and other trash on the treelawn. The vehicle from Michigan was located - the occupants provided paperwork proving they owned the home., 05/06/12 1724hrs two 13 year old juveniles were given verbal warnings for littering and made to pick up thier 5 hour energy bottles they threw in the grass on Carlton., 05/06/12 1239hrs a resident from Admiral reported the fraudulent use of their credit card. The suspect hacked into their account on line and changed the mailing address after ordering various items. invest continuing., 05/06/12 0447hrs number three - report of an one vehicle accident on SR 91 at the SR 2 entrance ramp. A vehicle was resting againt the guardrail with heavy front end damage. The vehicle owner/passenger, a 28 year old female from Cleveland, was transported to Lake West for facial injuries. The 29 year old male driver from Mentor on the Lake was taken into custody for for OVI, failure to control and no driving license. He was not injuried in the crash., 05/06/12 0258hrs - number two - officer driving on Lakeshore noticed a vehicle with it's lights on not moving on the Blvd of  Flags on City Hall property. He approached the vehicle, reached in, unlocked the door through the open window. He had to push the operator, a  26 year old male from Mentor away from the door to prevent him from falling out. The male opened his eyes, smiled and gave him a thumbs up sign. The male was taken into custody for physical control of a motor vehicle, possession of marijuana and paraphernalia., 05/06/12 0145hrs - first of three DUI's for this date - a 68 year old male resident was arrested for OVI. The male was driving at a slow speed N/B on SR 91 and had difficulty staying in his lane of travel - he scored 0.140 BAC., 05/05/12 1834hrs an officer driving in the 1000 block of E 357St could hear people screaming from inside a residence. Officer checked on the adult occupants who were watching some type of horror film. They were advised to shut the door if they are going to be screaming because of the movie., 05/05/12 1742hrs assisted a parent with her unruly 13 year old daughter at Jakse Park - the juvenile was refusing to get in her mother's car, she was with a group of other juveniles. The juvenile complied with officer requests and was transportd home., 05/05/12 1015hrs private property accident in the exit drive of the Vineyards. A semi-truck driver with his right turn signal on was attemtping to turn right onto Vine St using both exit lanes. A motorist began beeping his horn for the semi to stop. Another motorist had pulled up on the semi's side thinking the truck was turning left. When the truck pulled forward the other vehicle was pinned under the trailer. There were no injuries. The driver of the car was found to be at fault., 05/04/12 2150hrs report of juveniles on the roof of the JFk Senior center on E 332St. The males were trying to get a basketball down that got thrown to the roof - the two brothers were advised to stay off the roof - parent advised of the lost ball., 05/04/12 1852hrs two females from Wickliffe were taken into custody after stealing $58.56 worth of merchandise from Walmart. The 19 year od female was transported to EPD and processed. The 17 year old juvenile was processed and released to her partents. Located in the vehicle they drove - the adults credit card and $300 belonging to the juvenile., 05/04/12 1759hrs two relatives having an ongoing disagreement over their mother's estate in the 700 block of E 349St were advised to contact an attorney for the civil matters., 05/04/12 1749hrs officers reponded to the Manor Park apts for a disturbance involving a male and female. On arrival officers stopped a vehicle fitting the description causing the disturbance. This was an argument between a 19 year old male and his 17 year old girlfriend from Mentor over postings on facebook. Argument was verbal only - a check of the males driving status showed him to be under suspension - he was cited and released on an unsecured appearance bond. The juvenile was transported to EPD to wait for her parents to pick her up., 05/04/12 1541hrs theft from vehicle report taken from the 37000 block of Lakeshore Bl cash and personal items were removed from the vehicle., 05/03/12 theft of money report taken at NHS. A student had money he raised from a fundraiser in his book bag stolen. Video at the school was reviewed and a 16 year old arrested for the theft. Two others, a 14 and 15 year old were also arrested and charged with receiving stolen property. The three were to split the money - out of the $71 dollars taken $39.25 was recovered. Restitution  is also ordered to be split evenly between the boys., 05/04/12 0611hrs due to complaints of motorists running the red light at Vine and Waverly officer was monitoring this area. A 32 year old male resident proceeded through a red light and was stopped. There was a strong odor of alcohol about the driver and he was asked to perform field testing, which he failed. He was taken into custody for OVI. The male stated he did not drink this morning but had been drinking last night., 05/04/12 0102hrs a vehicle driven by a 30 year old male from Mentor was stopped for speeding on Lakeland. After failing field sobriety testing he was arrested for OVI and held for bond., 05/03/12 2008hrs EFD reponded to the lake on the report of a small boat shooting off flares. A rescue boat was deployed and a boat from a yacht club also assisted with the distressed boat. The boat that had a dead battery was towed back to Borac's landing.  EFD advised the boater of the proper protocol when in distress., 05/03/12 1937hrs unwanted guest situation in the 1000 block of E 360St. A 35 year old female no longer wanted her 38 year old boyfriend in the home. On scene the male collected some of his belongings and left. Both were advised disputes over other property needed to be handled as a civil matter., 05/03/12 1642hrs a resident from Surfside Garden Apts advised she had cash stolen from her apartment. She noticed the money ($240) missing after the maintenance man and his helper left apartment upon completion of a work order. After questioning of suspects was over, a 49 year old male, the helper of the maintenance man, was arrested on the theft charge. The money was also recovered and returned to the victim., 05/03/12 1405hrs a female caller from Starboard reported her daughter's boyfriend took the keys to their lawnmower. It was learned the boyfriend had permission to work on the mower, he put the keys on the table and the caller had misplaced them. She was advised this is not a police matter., 05/03/12 1256hrs a shoplifting 44 year old male from Euclid was arrested after concealing six bottles of purfume on his person totaling $186.47 at Walmart., 05/02/12 2214hrs two juvenile males and one 18 year old male called EPD to report they were "robbed" of $40 while walking down E 343St by a female and three other males. They claimed the males forced them to empty their pockets and took their money. Upon completion of the investigation the 17 year old male was arrested for filing a false police report and all were charged with obstructing. The trio tried to sell marijuana to an unknown female. The female ran to a waiting car and left without paying for the weed was the real story., 05/02/12 2035hrs EPD responded to a disturbance at the Handle Bar on Vine St. The verbal argument ensued when the a 48 year old female's ex-husband showed up to the bar with another woman. The male had left prior to police arrival. No further police action requested., 05/02/12 2022hrs disturbance call in the 33000 block of Vine st. A 41 year old male and a 36 year old female were engaged in a verbal only altercation over an eviction. The female half was concerned for her property as well as the welfare of her cat., 05/02/12 1014hrs illegal use of a credit card report taken at Walmart. Suspects charged over $100 on the victims debit card. Suspects were caught on video - investigation continuing, 05/02/12 0823hrs caller from the 1100 block of E 331St advsied there was an injured cat that looks like it was attacked by another animal. EPD attempted to contact the animal owners with no success. The Humane Society responded and took custody of the cat for treatment., 05/02/12 0822hrs complaint received on a yard parker in the 1000 block of E 347St. Vehicle owner was given a warning on the yard parking and improper plates., 05/01/12 the two males from an earlier posting reference the theft of utilities (electric) both turned themselves in on the theft charge at EPD after they were advised warrants had been issued for their arrest. They were both processed, given a court date and released on an unsecured bond., 05/02/12 0230hrs a 27 year old male from Willoughby was stopped on Vine St for speeding and tailgating another vehicle. The male failed field sobriety testing and was placed into custody for OVI. He was held pending the posting of bond and sobriety., 05/01/12 1647hrs criminal damage report taken on E 360St. I (heart) you was scratched into a vehicle's hood by an unknown person., 05/01/12 1130hrs a CEI employee working on E 348St could hear a child that was in distress in the 900 block of E 349St. Upon approaching the backyard he observed the family pet on top of the young boy (3) tugging at his clothing. The dog approached the fence and the child was able to run into the home. Police responded to the scene when the worker was unable to make contact with an adult. An adult was located in the home when another young child (5) answered the door. The 29 year old female was taken into custody for child endangerment as she was highly intoxicated not able to stand. The children were released to a relative. The child was not injured by the dog. The female was held for bond and sobriety., 04/30/12 2005hrs a 17 year old male lost control of his vehicle at SR 91 and Vine St. Vitalones was contacted to pull him out of the ditch., 04/30/12 1632hrs parking complaint on E 332St near Vine for vehicles parked on both side of the road. Owners were advsied and the vehicles moved., 04/30/12 100hrs complaint recieved on unlicensed/inoperable vehicles on N Riverview - two 10 day notices were issued., 04/30/12 0835hrs a welfare check was conducted at the Dollar General on Lakeshore Bl. The Dollar General  on Vine were receiving calls from customers who were at the store but the doors were locked and no one was coming to the door. The Fire Marshall was able to make entry with the knox box. There were no employees inside. It was later learned the employee who was to open the store did not show for work., 04/30/12 0612hrs officers responded to the 100 block of E 357St on the report of an occupied vehicle in the caller's driveway.  The vehicle had a flat tire and damage to the drivers side.  The homeowner did not know the individuals who appeared to be passed out in the vehicle. A 30 year old male from Willoughby was arrested for disorderly conduct/intoxication when he became agitated and argumentative with officers. The 26 year old female occupant from Cleveland was transported to EPD lobby to make arrangements for a ride home. The male advised the damage to the vehicle was caused by sideswiping the SR 2 wall when a tire blew on the car. Neither occupant was injured., 04/30/12 0342hrs a resident in the 1200 block of E 359St was woken up by two females knocking on her window. The girls advsied they ran out of gas and wanted to know if she had any. Officers located the vehicle partially in the roadway down the street from the caller, it was out of gas. The vehicle was pushed into a friend's driveway in the 1400 block of E 359St., 04/29/12 1353 a 30 year old Mentor resident was arrested at Walmart for theft. The male attempted to return stolen merchandise from Walmart to Walmart., 04/29/12 1301hrs EPD responded back to 36000 block of Reeves Rd (same house). The 31 year old male reported while he was gone the 20 year old female entered his room and took several items. The female hid the items in the house - the property was returned and she was advised not to touch his things., 04/29/12 0919hrs EPD assisted 50-60 bikers getting ready to leave the Handle Bar for a bike run - they were given an escort to SR 2 on ramp, 04/29/12 0855hrs a 28 year old male from Cleveland was arrested for the assault of a 27 year old female at the Willowood Apts. He is accused of throwing her on the bed and choking her. When asked if he wished to write a statement on his side of the story, he replied "my side is the violent side.", 04/29/12 0617hrs report of an assault in the 36000 block of Reeves Rd. Apparently a 20 year old female walked into her child's 31 year old father's room and he was "busy" with another women. She sustained injuries as the primary aggressor when the male half was defending himself and the "other" woman. Parties separated and advised to stay in their respective rooms., 04/29/12 0309hrs officers responded to the Radisson for a male refusing to pay his cab fare. The male did pay what was on the cab's meter, the cab driver was charging him $15 more for going out of the county. The driver was advised to contact his dispatch - civil matter., 04/29/12 0225hrs a 24 year old male resident was stopped in his vehicle after he was observed completely left of center on Forest.  After failing field sobriety testing he was arrested on the suspicion of driving under the influence - held for bond and sobriety., 04/29/12 0225hrs a 27 year old female from Mayfield Village was stopped for traveling 40mph on Vine a 25mph zone. After failing field sobriety testing she was placed under arrest for suspicion of driving under the influence, processed and held for bond and sobriety., 04/29/12 0123hrs a 44 year old female from Concord was arrested for driving under the influence. Upon exiting her vehicle she stumbled into the arresting officer and apoligized. She stated she was at a friends home in Geneva and was driving home. When asked if she knew where she was she said Austinburg. She submitted to a breath test and scored over three times the legal limit. She was processed and held for bond and sobriety., 04/28/12 2151 hrs officers responded to the Eastlake Tavern for a 29 year old female from Painsville who stated she was assaulted at the Ranch Manor Apts. The accused 43 year old male was located at the Final Score. The two were arguing over a $40 crack deal that went bad, she got angry and hit him with a vase. He packed up her belongings and put her suitcase on Vine St. Report sent to the prosecutor  for review of charges, 04/28/12 2217hrs officers responded to a disturbance in the parking lot of Scorchers. A large group of people were arguing over whether or not a male backing up in the parking lot struck a vehicle. There were a few small scratches to the vehicle in question - it is undetermined if the damage was caused by the  vehicle driven by the male., 04/28/12 2015hrs a 21 year old male from Willowick was arrested for shoplifting at Walmart. Found on his person - $50.16 worth of open Pokemon trading cards., 04/28/12 2001hrs Timberlake Pd assisted EPD with an assault at the Circle Lounge. As it turned out, the male was grabbed by another male for "stalking" his wife. The male had no visible injuries - no charges, 04/28/12 1923hrs a female turned in an endorsed check she found on the sidewalk near Dollar General on Vine to EPD. The check belonged to a buisness in the city and will be returned to them today., 04/28/12 1833hrs a resident in the 36200 block of Stevens reported damage to her yard. Sometime during the morning it appeared a motorist lost control of their vehicle causing some damage to the property, 04/27/12 2147hrs calls came in for possible gunshots in the area of E 332St and Morris. In the 33000 block of Morris officers located a contained open burn. People outdoors were throwing fireworks into the fire. They were warned and the fireworks confiscated., 04/27/12 1647hrs a 20 year old male was cited for hit-skip and assuring clear distance once he was located and admitting he struck a vehicle on Vine St in front of ValuKing. The male advised he did not stop because the other car pulled in the parking lot and he didn't think he hit him that hard. There was light damage to both vehicles., 04/27/12 1152hrs at Manor Park Apts an assault was reported. A 24 year old female reports her 23 year old boyfriend threw her to the ground giving her a fat lip. The apartment was trashed with his belongings everywhere. Officer spoke with both parties who decided they wanted to stay together and clean up the mess that was made., 04/27/12 0923hrs a female apparently excited about a "find" placed on a resident's lawn for garbage pick-up accidently locked herself out of her running vehicle. Vehicle was opened for her, 04/26/12 2343hrs a 58 year old female and a 33 year old female were taken into custody at Walmart after being observed concealing 24 items in their purses valued at $124.67. They were transported to EPD, processed, both were able to post their $404 cash bond and were released., 04/26/12 1846hrs reported taken on an attempted burglary at the Vine East Apts. The female complainant reported that on Sunday person(s) unknown tried to gain entry by forcing her door damaging the frame., 04/26/12 1635hrs unwanted guest on E 332St call was answered. An 18 year old female was refusing to leave the 21 year old male's home. The male pushed her out of the home and locked the door. On arrival the female was escorted to pack up her belongings and left with a friend., 04/26/12 1616hrs a 45 year old male and his 26 year old wife were arrested and each charged with domestic violence. Both had visible injuries sustained in the mutual combat which was over a disagreement over going out - both are being held for bond., 04/26/12 1308hrs the manager of Aaron's rental reported a customer pawned rental merchandise in Ashtabula at a Cashland Financial Store. They were referred to Ashtabula S.O. where the incident occurred., 04/26/12 1406hrs a 49 year old male was taken into custody at his residence on E 345St for shoplifting at the Convenient on Vine St. The male was recognized on store surveillance taking merchandise. He is being held for bond or court appearance., 04/26/12 1030hrs a young man and his Ipod were reunited at NHS after the arrest of a 15 year old male who committed the theft and attempted to sell the Ipod to the victim's friend. The 15 year old will be recommended to the Eastlake Juvenile Diversion Program in lieu of a court appearance., 04/26/12 00815hrs officer responded to the 1200 block of E 359St at the request of an employee of the Illuminating Co. At the residence it was discovered the electric meter had been "jumped" in order to have power. Warrants are forthcoming for the two males responsible., The Lake County Mixers and Shakers event is tonight 042512 at St John Vianney Social Center 7575 Bellflower in Mentor from 5pm-7:30.  This event has police departments compete in preparing the best non-alcoholic drink to help stop underage drinking for Prom.  Lake county high scholl students are welcome and the event is free.  There will also be food, door prizes and Karaoke., On 042512 at 1500 the department was called adn told that a 3 yr old was left in the car alone at the Vineyards.  Officers arrived and located the car which also had a 17 year old in the car.  The complainant was advised., Eastlake police investigated a complaint of a car running the bus stop sign in the area of Lakeshore and Erie.  Officers checked and no violations were noticed.  Officer will check again in the future., On 042312 in the area of Plymouth a female received a delivery of 2 calzones that she did not order.  She paid for the items to keep the driver from having to pay and she thinks it may be juveniles who are giving her child a hard time., On 042312 in the area of Spindrift a male reported that a person broke into his house in the last 3 weeks and changed the locks.  It was believed that his brother may have done this.  Invest to continue., On 042312 in the area of N Riverview two males were seen pushing a wheelbarrow through the woods.  They were located and it was learned that they had permission from the city to remove junk items from the woods on city property., The Eastlake Police Department is conducting its annual parking ticket audit.  We will be attempting to put registration blocks on a vehicle with outstanding tickets.  We will give a late fee "grace period" for those who contact us to pay their outstanding tickets.         
     Our ordinance does allow for vehicles to be towed when found on public property with an outstanding parking ticket when two late warnings have been issued.   Contact Ptl Cronin at 951-1400 or vcronin@eastlakepd.org if you have inquiries about a vehicle that you own., On 042212 a male reported that he got an e mail that he had won $1000.00  The e mail asked that he deposit a larger check and keep the $1000.00.  The male did not deposit the check but wanted the PD to be aware.  If it seems too good to be true it probably is., On 042112 at 0800 a vehicle was discovered stolen from the 33600 block of Vine St.  The 92 Blue GMC Jimmyhad a yellow snow plow.  No suspects invest to continue., On 042112 at 2000 two young adult males were caught stealing condoms from Wal Mart.  The males were advised to not return to the store or they would be prosecuted for trespass., On 042012 at 2000 in the area of 331 the department was called on 911 by an 8 yr old who reported that her 11 year ol sister was being mean to her.  This call came through a cell phone which was located and the sitter was advised.  The 8 yr old was spoken to about the proper use of 911, On 042012 at 1700 damage was discovered at a house in the area of the 33500 block of Morris.  It was determined that the house was hit with 3 marbles which caused damage to the siding.  No suspects invest to continue., On 042012 at 1600 a 46 year old male and his adult daughter were asked to leave the Dollar Tree for throwing toys and other horseplay.  They were escorted off the property., On 042012 a resident in the area of 1600 block of 332 woke up with a new car in her drive.  She said that she had not recently won anything and did not know who the owner was.  The owner was contacted and it was discovered that the driver parked in the wrong drive from the night before.  The vehcile was removed by the owner., At 2115 on 041912 in the area of 36100 Lakeshore a male was reported as asking for money for gas to get home.  He was found, identified and warned about soliciting., At 2230 on 041912 @ the 35500 block of Glen Dr a male called 911 and was crying and it was unuable to be determined the nature of the call.  Officers arrived and it was learned that two brothers 20 and 21 were arguing about the 21 year old not wishing the other happy birthday.  The 21 year old left prior to EPD arrival and the 20 year old was advised of the proper use of 911., At 2030 on 041912 it was reported that 4-5 juveniles were smoking marijuna @ the 1500 block of E 332.  One 17 year old male was located and a pack of cigarettes were found and confiscated.  The male was warned and released., On 041912 a male came to the lobby to show an e mail that he thought was suspicious.  It was made to look like it came from the FBI and wanted the male to deposit money.  The male did not act on this but wanted the department to be aware of this scam., On 041912 two juveniles were issued daytime curfew tickets at North High., At 0800 on 041912 the department received a call of nails in the roadway that were dumped when a truck lost its load on SR91 over SR2.  The Police and Service Department both responded and cleaned up the roadway., At 0200 on 041912 a female attempted to turn her vehicle around in the area of 33000 block of Lakeland.  She got her car stuck in the landscape and Vitalones had to be called to get her out.  No damage was reported at the business., At the request of the school the school zone sign on Lakeshore at the Middle School and elementary school has been turned off for the mid day traffic.  The 1/2 day classes are no longer in session and this is not needed., At 9 pm on 041812 Eastlake officers stopped a vehicle which was wanted in a dine and dash in Mentor.  The driver was truned over to Mentor PD with no Eastlake charges., During the evening of 041812 Eastlake Fire provided assistance to Willowick Fire with a working house fire.  The Damage was significant and no major injuries were initially reported., Two males were arrested on 041812 for switching tags on merchandise at Wal Mart.  They were taken into custody without incident and charged with theft., There was a 911 hangup in the 600 block of Robin Dr.  Officers responded and it was determined to be an accidental misdial., At approx 0300 @ the 37300 block of Lakeshore officers were called for a highly intox male causing a disturbance.  The male left prior to our arrival and the area was checked.  An hour later he was found back at the house and was taken into custody., In the area of the 36200 block of N Riverview lighbulbs were taken from the landscape area of the house.  There are no suspects and a patrol check was put in for the area., At 1200 in the area of 1500 E 367 a small fire was discovered and quickly put under control by our fire department.  Job well done, A vacant house on the 34300 block of Roberts Rd was entered sometime during the last week.  It is believed to be a past renter and nothing of value was taken.  Invest to continue., At 0600 on 041712 a male was found laying on the ground in front of the 700 block of E331.  It was determined that he was highly intox and was taken into custody for disorderly conduct while intoxicated., At 1830 @ the 33200 block of Lakeshore a motorcycle was reported doing wheelies and speeding.  The operator was located and stated he was test driving the bike and was warned abut the reckless operation of the motorcycle., At 1530 on 041612 a car was hit skipped on Vine Street near E 345.  The victim followed the vehicle from the scene into Willoughby and the suspect car was stopped by EPD and the driver was charged with hit skip., During the evening of 041612 on Laura Dr two males were wrestling in the driveway and arguing over who was going to drive home.  Both males were found to be intoxicated and stayed the night at the house., On 041312 a tan pick up struck 2 vehicles in the lot of Harbor Freight Tools and left.  The vehicle was called in by a witness and located by EPD officers.  The female driver had no excuse and was issued a citation for leaving the scene of an accident., On 041412 a mother who lives out of town advised she had not spoken to her son in 4 days and could not get in touch with him.  She asked for a courtesy check.  The adult son was found to be fine and called his mother., On 041512 a female who lives in the 33800 block of Roberts was found to be in possession of various street signs.  it was learned that they have been at the house for a period of time and taken by her deceased father and brother who was not there.  The signs were returned to the city and she was warned., On 041512 a Blue Jeep Gr Cherokee was taken from the 35000 block of Curtis Blvd.  There are no suspects investigation will continue., On 041512 on Paxton a camera and money were stolen from a purse during a birthday party by a family friend.  The "friend" was later apprehended by Willoughby PD on a OVI charge and the camera and money were located.  The "friend" gave a full confession and was charged with theft., On 041512 a male reported that after a traffic altercation a possible weapon was seen.  The other driver was found and it was deteremined to be a finger that was pointed like a gun.  Both parties were advised., On 041412 officers responded to a bar fight on Lakeshore and on male was eventually arrested for hitting and biting the other male.  He was charged with assault and held for bond and sobriety., Someone new will be doing FB postings for the next week or two go easy on him! (or not), 04/13/12 0133hrs anyone in the area of Eastlake and Freed that is missing a scooter or lawn ornaments some were recovered from that intersection lying in the roadway. Call to identify - please reference report 1200564., 04/13/12 0417hrs complaint of a male ringing buzzers at the Windsor Lodge Apts and walking back and forth. The 47 year old was a resident at the apts, he thought his wife wasn't letting him in but she was sleepng and did not hear the  buzzer. She finally woke up and let him in., 04/13/12 0214hrs call of a female that was intox and yelling in the 1200 block of E33St. The 22 year old female apparently fell while walking up three steps and cut her forehead. She was transported to Lake West  to get stitched up., Bicycles that are to auctioned off June 30, 2012 at 9am:
2012 BICYCLE AUCTION
NO PROP. # MAKE MODEL COLOR M/F SIZE SPEED
1 110044 HUFFY B-ONE CHROME M 16  
2 110123 MURRAY RT GEAR MAROON M 24 21
3 110183 RU STINGER SILVER/GRAY N 24 18
4 110197 UNK UNK CHROME/RED N 24  
5 110210 NEXT RAMPAGE ORANGE M 20  
6 110225 MONGOOSE RX-75 ORANGE/WHT M 24 21
7 110313 DIAMOND BACK UNK WHITE/BLACK M 28 21
8 110314 HUFFY WIND L. BLUE M 28 15
9 110334 NEXT CHAOS GOLD M 24  
10 120008 HUFFY UNK SILVER M 28  
11 120009 UNK X-GAMES RED/YELLOW M 24 18
12 120010 NEXT POWER CLIMBER SILVER/PINK N 24 18
13 120090 ROADMASTER MT. SPORT BLUE M 24 18
14 120091 MONGOOSE IBOC CHROME M 24 18
15 120092 MGX DX-R RED/BLACK N 24 21
16 120093 SCHWINN SWIN BLACK M 26 12
17 120094 NEXT POWER X MAROON M 24 21
18 120095 UNK BRATZ PURPLE/PINK F 12  
19 120096 HUFFY UNK PINK F 16  
20 120097 QUEST SIERRA PURPLE M 24 15
21 120098 HUFFY HIGHLAND TEAL N 24 18
22 120105 ROADMASTER MT SPORT SX SILVER M 24 18
23 120106 MONGOOSE GIRDER GRAY N 20, 04/12/12 1935hrs officers were dispatched to the Final Score on a complaint of three females in front of the bar smoking marijuana. This was an unfounded complaint, the male inside the bar was angry because the women refused to buy him cigarettes and called in the complaint., 04/12/12 1707hrs disturbance between two males at the trailer park with a third male instigating the argument between the two. Parties were advised to stay away from each other. That worked until 1718hrs when again officers were called back for the two males. Once again they were told not to gester at each other or make comments to each other. All remained calm until 0744hrs this morning for one of the males blasting his music - he was advised to turn it down., 04/12/12 1534hrs a 39 year old male from Geneva turned himself in on an active felony warrant for possession of herion stemming from a prior traffic arrest. The warrant was issued after testing results were received from the Lake County Crime Lab., 04/12/12 1511hrs a 31 year old female from Euclid reports her wallet was removed from her shopping cart at Walmart. While still shopping, her credit card was used by the suspect. Two words - video surveillance...., 04/12/12 1247hrs officers responded to the 33000 block of Lakeshore for a 30 year old female that was upset over her mother and brother yealling at her over spilling a bowl of tomato soup. The female who was extremely intoxicated and having difficulty standing was taken into custody after refusing to quit arguing with her family. She was more than willing to be arrested stating she didn't want to stay home with her family anyways., 04/12/12 1035hrs diturbance in the 33000 block of Stevens between two sisters (40 and 46yo) and their 69 year old mother. It was reported one sister and the mother walked into the other sister's home uninvited. Shoes were thrown along with a shoving match. The two univited women were told not to return without a police escort if they need property from the home., 04/12/12 1028hrs a 49 year old male from Willowick and his 53 year old female companion attempted to switch price tags on packages of meat at Valu-King. The two were advised they were no longer welcome in the store and will be charged with trespassing if they return., 04/12/12 0726hrs several residents on S Riverview were victims of criminal damage after their mailboxes were discovered damaged sometime overnight. Residents are encouraged to call if they observe anyone out walking in the area after dark to help with possible suspects. In the event the person responsible is found victims should keep receipts of replacement boxes/posts as proof for restitution., We are preparing for our annual action. This is a list of property that is going to offered. Items are subject to be added or removed. The bicycles are not included on this list as of yet.
SATURDAY, JUNE 30, 2012 
VIEW ITEMS AT 8:00 AM / BIDDING STARTS AT 9:00 AM 
EASTLAKE POLICE GARAGE (SOUTH SIDE OF BUILDING)
EASTLAKE POLICE PROPERTY AUCTION
BRINKS SAFE MOD #5072
YELLOW HANDLED BOLT CUTTERS
DELL DIMENSION E510 COMPUTER (NO HARD DRIVE) W/ PAPERWORK, SPEAKERS, KEYBOARD AND 15" MONITOR
GIGABYTE TOWER COMPUTER (NO HARD DRIVE)
SMALL SHOVEL (SPADE)
BLACK RUBBER ZENON (FIRST ENERGY) FLASHLIGHT
BLACK MAG-LITE
GRAY DURACELL FLASHLIGHT
BLUE & BLACK NIKE BACK PACK
TENT IN GRAY BAG AND BLUE TARP
"THE STAND" TWO DVD SET
"GOLDEN YEARS" TWO DVD SET
"THE LANGOLIERS" DVD
"SIX FEET UNDER" SEASON 2, FIVE DVD SET
CELL PHONE - HTC TOUCH W/ CASE
CELL PHONE - BLACKBERRY CURVE
ORANGE U-HAUL DOLLY
NEW FULL SIZE FIRE HYDRANT
BROWN & TAN BAG FILLED WITH TOOLS
NEW PNY 8GB USB FLASH DRIVE
SUNLEAVES PIONEER FLUORESCENT LIGHT
HAIER 5200BTU 120V WINDOW AC UNIT
CAN FAN BLOWER 130W 120V
SUNBEAM 1500W 120V BASEBOARD TYPE HEATER
HAIER 5200BTU 120V WINDOW AC UNIT
HONEYWELL 7" FAN 3  SPEED
TAN & BROWN BAG VEHICLE SAFETY KIT
TIRE IRON
LARGE BOLT CUTTERS
EX-CELL 2000PSI GAS POWERED POWER WASHER
ENESCO PRECIOUS MOMENTS
TWO LETTER K W/ ANGEL "KIND"
DOLL OF THE MONTH - APRIL
DOLL OF THE MONTH - MAY
DOLL OF THE MONTH - UNKNOWN
DOLL LITTLE BOY W/ CLOVER ON SHIRT
DOLL LITTLE GIRL IN BASEBALL UNIFORM
TWO DOLLS "IT'S A GIRL" & YELLOW DRESS
DOLL BOY DRESSED AS SANTA
THREE SNOW GLOBES "FRIENDS NEVER DRIFT APART" / YOU ALWAYS KEEP ME AFLOAT" / WHILE WALKING IN THE PARK ONE DAY"
"NOBODY'S PERFECT"
"I WILL LOVE YOU ALL WAYS"
"A MOTHERS LOVE IS FROM ABOVE"
"THE GOOD LORD ALWAYS DELIVERS"
COLLECTORS CLUB PIECE "DUES"
RESIN - PHOTO FRAME "CHRISTMAS JOY FROM HEAD TO TOE"
"RED ROSE OF LOVE"
THREE PIECES - KIDS ON HORSES (SUMMER, SPRING, AND FALL)
"LOVE ID SHARING"
"I'M A REFLECTION OF YOUR LOVE"
DECEMBER JEWELRY BOX
TWO BELLS
CROSS W/ "JESUS LOVES ME"
EIGHT (8) MISC PIECES, 04/11/12 2213hrs a resident of Eastview Meadows confronted a resident of Eastake Terrance about loud music that was disturbing him. This turned into a verbal argument that became heated when one male charged the other. Parties were separated - the 33 year old male from Eastlake Terrace was warned that any other loud music complaints from his apartment will result in him being ticketed for the violation., 04/11/12 1740hrs a resident on Sylvia reported a young child wandered up his driveway iwth no shoes on he does not know where the child lives. Meanwhile a frantic mother on Willowick Dr called 9-1-1 to report her 2 1/2 year old son missing. Parent and child were reunited. The child learned how to manuver the gate that separates the upstairs and downstairs making his escape., 04/11/12 1737hrs a 29 year old male from Mentor traveling on SR 2 dropped something in his lap - in the process of looking for it he sideswiped a disabled semi that was parked off to the side of the roadway. The driver of the semi and a tow truck driver were outside of the semi and obtained the liicense of the vehicle that failed to stop after the collision. The driver was contacted and cited for hit-skip and full time attention. The officer provided him with the pieces of his vehicle that were left behind at the scene., 04/11/12 0655hrs a resident in the 600 block of St Lawrence reported his vehicle was struck by BB's or pellets sometime between 4pm yesterday and the time reported. Report taken., 04/11/12 0444hrs officers reponded to a domestic situation/assault in the 1400 block of E 330St. A 28 year old male was arrested for the assault of his now ex 23 year old girlfriend after he spent the evening out celebrating his birthday. The male is accused of punching, kicking and pouring household products on the female. The female reported the male attempted to stick her head in the toilet, the toilet was broken in the process. The male was charged with assault and held for sobriety, bond or arraignment., 04/10/12 2139hrs disturbance at the Salmon Club on Erie Rd between a male and female. The female reportedly assaulted the male and damaged his vehicle by kicking it. The male refused to press charges for the assault. The female agreed to pay for the damage to the vehicle., 04/10/12 2119hrs a vehicle was stopped on SR 91 at Roberts Rd. The three male occupants, 17, 18 and 19 years old from Richmond Hts and Lyndhurst were made to pick up the trash they threw out their windows., 04/10/12 1726hrs officers responed to SR 91 and Stevens for a motor vehicle accident. A 42 year old male resident was traveling at a high rate of speed n/b on SR 91 and failed to stop for a red light striking a vehicle traveling w/b at the intersection. Traffic was blocked n/b SR 91 due to all the debris in the roadway from the crash. Rescue treated two people on scene, they were not transported. The male was taken into custody for OVI and the red light violation. During the booking process he submitted to a breath test with results showing he was over 3X the legal limit., 04/10/12 0102hrs an intoxicated male called 9-1-1 from his cell phone stating "the police are looking for me come get me" and hung up the phone. The call was eventually tracked to a home inthe 37000 lock of Lakeshore Bl. This was a dispute beteen a boyfriend/girlfriend, the girlfriend wanting the male removed for the evening.  The 19 year old male fled upon seeing officers arrive. While officers were searching the area, the male re-entered the home and climbed into a bed. The male was taken into custody - charged with underage consumption and held until posting of bond or arraignment., 04/09/12 1720hrs officers responded to a vehicle vs pedestrian accident at E 348ST and Alcina. According to the 9 year old male's mother who witnessed the accident, the juvenile was riding his bicycle and darted in front of a vehicle traveling on E 348ST getting struck by the vehicle. The juvenile was flown by life flight to Metro Health center with multiple injuries. The driver of the vehicle was also transported to Lake West as she was pregnant and having labor pains. EPD spoke with the mother of the juvenile today who advsied her son will be hospitalized for a while with head injuries but is alert and talking., 04/09/12 0357hrs officers responded to Forest and Portage for a vehicle into a tree. The 20 year old female driver from Wickliffe was uninjured and stated she was texting and struck the tree. After failing sobriety testing she was arrested for OVI and full time attention - held for bond and sobriety., 04/08/12 1639hrs a 21 year old male from Cleveland decided the front lawn of the Fire Department was a choice place to take a nap. The male stated he has been walking, became tired and stopped to take a nap. He was sent on his way., 04/08/12 1402hrs an assault was reported during an Easter gathering between two sister-in-laws on Sandy Knoll. The women had a disagreement over their respective children's activities that day. The 30 year old female reports she was struck by the 34 year old female, both from Willowick. Report sent to the Prosector for review of charges., 04/07/12 1958hrs report of an intoxicated male at Walmart banging on the door of the auto center. The male left prior to our arrival but his vehicle was observed turning onto SR 91 from Vine. As the officer caught up to the vehilce in traffic, the male failed to assure clear distance and struck a vehicle in front of him at a red light. The 54 year old male from Wickliffe was taken into custody for driving under suspension and the suspicion of driving under the influence., 04/07/12 1718hrs shoplifter of the week - a 30 year old female from Cleveland was arrested at Walmart on charges of shoplifting $465.09 worth of merchandise. She was additionally charged with contributing to the delinquency of a minor and obstructing justice. The female insisted she was not with her 12 year old son who had pushed the shopping cart containing a tote completely full of merchandise past the point of purchase. Video was reviewed showing the two arriving together, placing items in the bin together and finally the mother carefully watch her son attempt to exit the store. The juvenile was released to a family member. The female bonded herself out of jail and was released., 04/07/12 1207hrs per the request of Mentor PD officers reponded to E 349St to serve an active warrant through their department. The 23 year old male resident was advised of the warrant and told he was under arrest. Officers allowed the male to get a pair of shoes from his room where instead he fled out of the window. He was later arrested and charged with felony escape along with Mentor PD's charges., 04/07/12 a male reporting a violation of a protection order against another male was arrested on an outstanding warrant for violating a protection order on the male he was reporting on - He was arrested and held on Painesville City PD's charge., 04/06/12 1831hrs officer on routine patrol noticed a student driver’s vehicle go off to the right of the highway when turning from Roberts Rd onto SR 91. The vehicle was stopped for that traffic violation. The driver, a 45 year old female from Euclid was arrested a short time later for suspicion of driving under the influence. A half consumed bottle of vodka was also located in her purse. A clipboard of student names in the vehicle indicated she had just given a student a driving lesson. Contact was made with the student who verified she had just finished her lesson., 04/06/12 1342hrs a 26 year old from Cleveland was arrested and lost his job after confessing to stealing over $2000 in nightly deposits from a business on Vine St. He at first claimed to have lost the money in Willoughby near a bank then changed his story admitting he spent it at a casino in PA., 04/06/12 0900hrs a 35 year old female resident was stopped for traveling 54mph on Vine St (25mph zone). The female stated she was rushing to her mother's home claiming her mother was experiencing chest pains. Officer notified dispatch to send rescue after receiving the mother's address from the female. When rescue arrived at the mother's home she was outside and stated she didn't have a medical emergency nor had she spoken to her daughter. The 35 year old was given her citation and a warrant will be issued for her arrest for disruption of public service., 04/06/12 0102hrs a motorist reported following a vehicle on Reeves Rd that went off the roadway into a yard then continued traveling down Reeves striking curbs. The vehicle was located on Sunset Cove and the 50 year old resident taken into custody on the suspicion of driving under the influence., 04/05/12 2132hrs report of a male attempting to break into a livingroom window at the Surfside Garden Apts. On arrival a very intoxicated 13 year old was located that was responsible. The 13 year old male was transported to lake west due to his state of intoxication. Three male juveniles were arrested for underage possession/consumption., If anyone was a witness to a road rage incident 04/04/12 at about 1407hrs (207pm) on SR 2 near SR 91 we ask that you contact Lt Gonzalez at 440-951-1400 ext 212 or by email at rgonzalez@eastlakepd.org - thanks for you help in this matter..., 04/05/12 0144hrs a 32 year old male was arrested for domestic violence on E 361St. A open line 9-1-1 came into EPD, dispatch could hear a female yelling for a male to get off of her. On arrival the male, who was bloody, answered the door and was taken into custody. The 29 year old female had obvious facial injuries but refused treatment once EFD arrived on scene. The male was held for sobriety and court arraignment - charged with domestic violence, possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia., 04/05/12 0311hrs a resident from Mannering reported she wanted her 38 year old son removed from the family home. On arrival the male was waiting outside the house for officers. He was advisied not to return and to wait for his ride at a different location., 04/04/12 2332hrs a caller reported seeing two people in the parking lot of Mr Auto Sales with flashlights and hearing a cutting sound coming from the lot. The two males from Florida were located and identifed. A business owner was notifed and advised the two had permission to be on the property to work on a vehicle., 04/04/12 1751hrs disturbance on Traymore between two females. One of the females was served with an eviction notice and became upset. They were advised of the process and told if we have to return they will be arrested., 04/04/12 1626hrs a dispute over the location of treehouse and a property line was the cause of a disturbance on Riverside Dr. The neighbors were advised the only real solution to this argument was to get the land surveyed., 04/04/12 1524hrs a resident on E Overlook reported he parked his vehicle in front of his residence and when he returned it was damaged by what appears to be BB"s. Report taken., 04/04/12 1413hrs a 58 year old female from Willowick was arrested on shoplifting charges after stealing $48 worth of merchandise from Drug Mart. She was arrested, booked and held on court set bond., 04/04/12 1039hrs a resident reported while he was doing yard work on a residence in Lakeline person(s) unknown removed a weed whacker from the back of his open trailer on his work truck. Report taken, http://www.news-herald.com/video/?va_id=3401602&pl_id=21437&ref=synd, 04/04/12 0834hrs - Three Eastlake Middle School students went to the office of the Vice Principal and reported that they they saw a gun in the waistband of a sixth grade student who was in the cafeteria.  The Vice Principal notified the Principal. The two were familiar with the student and they went to the cafeteria where they observed him seated at a table and eating breakfast.  Both men approached and had the student place his hands on the table while they cleared the other students from the area. The Vice Principal then asked the student if he had anything on him that they should know about and the student indicated that he had a toy gun in his pants on his right side.  The Vice Principal removed and secured the gun, which was in fact made of plastic, and then the student was escorted to the office and EPD was notified.
The parents of the student were notified.  The student was taken to the Eastlake Police Department and later transported to the Lake County Juvenile Detention Center., During the month of March EPD generated 162 reports, 199 supplemental reports, and 18 accident reports. There were 74 misdemeanors and 12 felonies arrested, 11 DUI's, one being a felony. Thirteen people were arrested with drug related charges, 8 theft related, 22 curfew violators and 18 outstanding warrants were served., 04/03/12 1743hrs a vehicle stopped for speeding on SR 2 led to an arrest of a 39 year old male from Geneva. The unlicened genius used his 19 year old son's identification. He was initially arrested for using false information and no drivers license. Inside the vehicle paraphernalia was discovered and with the assistance of an employee of Vitalones, additional paraphernalia and suspected heroin were located in not so clever hiding places in the vehicle. He was arrested for traffic violations and the mounds of paraphernalia then released on bond. Once testing at the crime lab is completed on the found drugs warrants will be issued for additional charges., 04/03/12 1429hrs disturbance at Eastview Meadows Apts - caller reported a female was yelling and swearing at a male in the parking lot. This was an on-going neighbor dispute between a 58 year old female and her 37 year old male neighbor. They were both advised of the complaint and told not to talk to each other., 04/02/12 2003hrs after receiving an anonymous complaint via facebook for theft of public utilities (natural gas) on Matoma officers checked the home and observed the gas meter to be missing and a rubber black hose that was bypassing the line where the meter should have been, the gas line lock from the gas company to be tampered with and removed. Dominion east Ohio gas responded to the house to re-secure the lock on the gas line. The homeowner admitted that he compromised the lock on the gas line and used a rubber hose to get gas into the house. The home was evacuated while the fire department tested the line as the ambient air has an odor of natural gas. While the fire department was checking the safety of the home and of immediate area, the homeowner attempted to turn the gas off himself after being advised by both police and fire to not  to tamper any further with the meter. The 49 year old was taken into custody for misconduct at an emergency and held for cash bond. Warrants will be obtained for his arrest for theft of the utilities., 04/02/12 1807hrs a heated argument over a car battery at the Surfside Apts between a 19 year old female and her grandmother resulted in the arrest of the 19 year old for disorderly conduct and resisting arrest. She was also advised not to return to her Grandmother's residence, on the request of the grandmother - or face additional trespassing charges., 04/02/12 1602hrs - repeat customer - a 50 year old resident that was arrested on saturday was re-arrested this date. Officers reponded to E 347St for an intoxicated male causing a problem at the home. While the complainant was speaking with dispatch, the male took the phone away from her landing him with a felony disrupting public service charge., 04/02/12 officer responded to Traymore for a 9-1-1 hang up phone call. On arrival two females were involved in a domestic situation which resulted in a 48 year old female being arrested for possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia., 04/02/12 1840hrs report of a physical altercation between two males on E 361St. One of the males involved, a 52 year old from Painesville was intoxicated and got into the altercation with with the homeowner. The males did not wish to pursue charges against one another, the male from Painesville walked to Jeannies to arrange for a ride home., 04/02/12 1411hrs report of a gas and dash at Surfside Sunoco for $51.00. The vehicle owner in question was located and advised he did pay cash for his gas. In speaking with the cashier once again he advised he wasn't sure if the male paid or not so he called EPD. The manager was informed of the incident., 03/20/12 0320hrs report taken of a stolen Jeep Cherokee from Sussex Apts parking lot - investigation continuing, 03/31/12 1704hrs report of an intoxicated male at Severino's restaurant. The 50 year old male was sitting inside waiting for a ride not causing any problems. The bottle of vodka he was carrying was dumped out. A short time later a friend arrived to drive him home. He was told any further dealings with him this date he was going to be arrested - at 1740hrs that promise was kept by us...., 03/31/12 1535hrs disturbance at Sussex apts. Two neighbors were having a verbal confrontation over a barking dog issue. Officer spoke with management who is in the process of an eviction., 03/31/12 0233hrs officers responded to the Final Score for a report of a male inside the bar with a knife causing a disturbance. Officers were advised while enroute another male patron had disarmed the male with the knife and he left the bar. On arrival the 38 year old male resident was located and detained. After investigation was over, the 38 year old was charged with felony assault for holding a knife to another males throat and one misdemeanor charge of negligent assault for causing injury to the the hand of the male that disarmed him. He is being held without bond., 03/30/12 2332hrs a female requested a welfare check on a female resident of Parkway. The female reported the resident is a drug addict and believes she is being held hostage by drug dealers as she has in the past, according to the caller. The resident was due at the caller’s home and has not shown up.  Officer made contact with the resident’s husband who reported his wife was out of town due to a death in the family., 03/30/12 2047hrs a 42 year old female from Euclid was arrested for possession of marijuana at Walmart. The female was being detained for shoplifting and upon recovering the stolen items two baggies of marijuana were found on her person. She was given a citation and advised not to return to the store or face trespassing charges. She will be served a civil demand from Walmart for the stolen items., 03/30/12 1744hrs a male entered Dollar General on Vine and shoplifted $119.50 worth of cold/allergy medicines. The male was identified through the use of the surveillance video from the store. A warrant will be obtained for his arrest., 03/30/12 1414hrs a resident in the 33900 block of Iris reported his snow blower was stolen from his detached garage sometime between December and this date. Report taken, Officer responded to Morris ave for a domestic in progress. On arrival three individuals were separted. The domestic was over a 30 year old male sexually abusing the family dog.  The abuser was transported to Lake West for a self inflicted injury., 03/30/12 1040hrs a resident from Dover Apts reported theft of gasoline from her vehicle sometime during the night. Extra patrol checks will be conducted., 03/30/12 0840hrs a beer truck pulling out of Erieshore Beverage clipped the bumper of a 2011 Chevy. There were no injuries, parties decided to take care of the damages themselves - no report., 03/30/12 0037hrs an 18 year old female from Roberts Rd called EPD to report she locked herself in the bathroom after her intoxicated father "came after her" - meaning assaulted her. On arrival the real story was dad found a male in his daughter's room, was upset and the daughter tried to get between that male and her father. There was a struggle but no one was struck or hurt., 03/29/12 1528hrs a 22 year old female from Richmond Hts was arrested at Walmart for shoplifting $46 worth of clothing. She was booked in and held on court set bond., 03/29/12 1455hrs a motorist reported while he was traveling on SR 91 near Stevens Bl his vehicle was struck from behind by a female operating a turquoise or teal colored chevy cavalier or pontiac sunfire. The female failed to stop to exchange information. The victim's vehicle suffered minor damage., 03/28/12 1807hrs officers were dispatched to E 360St for the report of a pregnant female who was allegedly hit by a car - by her boyfriend. The couple were arguing over the boyfriend taking the vehicle. The male moved the vehicle out of the path of an on-coming car striking the female in the back with the rearview mirror. It was determined through the investigation the female placed herself in harms way of the car and the act was not intentional. Rescue checked on the females injuries, she refused transport., 03/28/12 2216hrs disturbance between a 48 year old male and his 47 year old wife from Timberlake on E 361St. The female had been drinking and arguing about coloring easter eggs. The male got out of his vehicle to walk home. The son of the couple drove his mom home and dad decided to stay at his place of business., 03/28/12 1738hrs report of two male juveniles on the roof of the pool house at Jaske Park. The juveniles were located and lectured on how to behave. Alcohol was found nearby their location, of coarse it wasn't theirs, nor did they know whose it was - it was poured out and disposed of., 03/27/12 2333hrs loud music complaint coming from Jalisco's. On arrival the building was locked up and the business was closed. An employee was contacted to return to shut down the music., 03/27/12 a resident of E 332St advised her neighbor's dog attacked her dog through a chain link fence. The suspect dog bit part of the tongue off the complainant's dog. The neighbors will work together to come up with a solution for the animals by possibly placing wood in front of the chain link fence., 03/27/12 1657hrs burglary report taken at the Chargin Trailer Park. The front door was forced open and items removed from the home. Investigaton continuing, 03/27/12 1643hrs a 28 year old female resident from the Willowood apts reported upon filing her income tax return it was discovered by the IRS someone unknown had used her social security number and had already filed for a return. Report taken for record only, IRS to conduct investigation., Report taken for a domestic violence complaint in the 34300 block of Roberts Rd between a 69 year old female and her 41 year old daughter. The two were involved in a physical altercation which left them both with minor facial injuries. The daughter along with her two children were placed into a family shelter after an escort to retrieve personal items was completed at the home. Prosector to review report., A resident in the 33000 block of Vine St reported his work truck was entered and tools were stolen - report filed, 03/27/12 1018hrs a newspaper deliver was at a residence on Beachpark and reported the resident came out of his house yelling at him and hitting his car with the newspaper. Officer spoke to the residence who apologized for his actions., By Caitlin Fertal
CFertal@News-Herald.com
@NHCaitlin

Multiple fire departments responded to a one-story house fire at 8:23 a.m. Tuesday in Eastlake.

A call came in to the Eastlake Fire Department at 8:20 after neighbors of the home at 33364 Morris Ave. saw smoke coming from the house.

After Eastlake, Willoughby and Willowick departments responded, they cleared the home of smoke and verified that no one was home.

“We got here, there was heavy smoke coming out of the house, it had reached the back window... once we introduced our fans, and started clearing out the smoke, we got some good visibility, the guys were able to knock it down fast,” Eastlake Chief Ted Whittington said. “Kids were at school, mom and dad were at work.”

The family of four reside in the home with their pet cat. The family pet did not survive the fire.

The fire appears to have started in the bedroom, Whittington said, although an official point of origin and cause of the fire will be determined by investigators.

The flames were contained to the bedroom, but the heat and smoke damaged the entire interior.

“It was a hot fire, it burned a long, long time before we got the call, so a lot of damage on the interior,” Whittington said.

The fire was brought under control at 8:58 a.m.

“It’s too early for (a damage estimate) but it’s heavy. Most of the interior has been damaged by heat or smoke; structurally it never left the (bedroom) but in terms of content loss it will be heavy,” he said. Continued..., 03/27/12 0218hrs arrested AGAIN is the 31 year old male from Willowick from earlier postings. The male entered Sunco once again after being advised/warned against doing so. He was arrested on trespassing charges and being held on bond., 03/26/12 2306hrs unwanted guest report on N. Riverview. Caller reported a highly intoxicated 47 year old was threatening to fight people at the residence and they would like him removed. Prior to our arrival the male ran into the woods. At 0048hrs the male returned and we responded a second time. The male was cooperative and transported to his mother's home on E 331St., 03/26/12 1820hrs disturbance on Pinehurst - a 34 year old female reported a 38 year old male spit in her face and left in his vehicle with a large amount of marijuana. WPD located the male in their city. He admitted to spitting at the female after she hit him. There were no charges filed by EPD.  The male was advised not to return to the residence. WPD issued citations to the male for driving under suspension and possession of marijuana., 03/26/12 1308 EPD responded to S. Riverview reference two males in a truck pointing a rifle at the callers house, directly into her window. A 49 year old resident was contemplating selling the rifle to his 59 year old passenger. The 49 year old did not want family members aware of the sale so they went down the street to discuss the deal.  Officers checked the rifle and confirmed the gun was unloaded and inoperable., A 21 year old male from Willoughby was arrested on two counts of attempted B&E at the Glass House on Vine St. On two different occassion in the past two weeks this male made the attempts in order to get more "spice potpourri" because he ran out and "needed" more., We are currently experiencing phone line problems and are unable to receive incoming calls - your calls are being directed to Willoughby PD until the problem can be resolved. As always if you have an emergency call 9-1-1., 03/25/12 1924hrs disturbance between two sisters - one sister was pounding on the other sister's bedroom door because she wanted a cigarette. The sister would not give her one because her sister was taking Chantix to quit - sent to their rooms -, 03/25/12 1443hrs the same 31 year old male from an earlier posting (that was transported to the hospital out of the bar) was arrested for disorderly intoxication. He walked into Sunoco, asked to buy a single can of beer and was refused the sale. He urinated himself inside of the store. He was loacated just west of Sunoco where he was taken into custody. The ankle braclet he is wearing will be a probation violation through a court charge., 03/25/12 0502hrs noise disturbance in the 700 block of Waverly - all parties drinking were over 21 - advised of the complaint and they went insiide for the duration of the party., 03/25/12 0339hrs disturbance in the 1300 block of E 342St between a 22 year old male and his 21 year old girlfriend. There was damage to the home only, no injuries. No one wished to pursue charges, the male was transported home to Vine St., 03/25/12 0058hrs report of a male passed out behind the wheel with the driver door opened. The male was complaining of back pain and was going to drive himself to the hospital. Rescue was called after he fell unconcious again 10 minutes later., 03/25/12 0038hrs loud "23rd" birthday party on E 332St. Homeowner advised of the complaint and agreed to take the party into the house., 03/24/12 1720hrs reponded to the 33000 block of Beachpark - not for the first time that day - domestic over a male wanting to watch basketball and the female refusing to take him anywhere to watch it. To prevent any further issues this evening he was given a transport to his place of employment to view the game., 03/24/12 0318hrs unwanted guest in the 1100 block of E 341St - the callers ex-girlfriend was pounding on the callers door and yelling. The 24 year old female from Willowick was set on her way and advised not to return or face trespassing charges., 03/23/12 2343hrs domestic disturbance at Manor Park apts between a mother and her 14 year old daughter. The argument was verbal over ride arrangements home the daughter had made. Tempers were calmed -, 03/23/12 2319hrs officer on SR 2 looking for a suspect in a B&E attempt that just occured located a male with a duffle bag walking on the freeway. The 27 year old from Cleveland Hts was arrested for disorderly intoxication. He was not the suspect however was too intoxicated to give a reason why he was on the freeway., 03/23/12 1433hrs EPD responded to the Final Score for a male passed out at the bar that had a house arrest ankle bracelet on. The 31 year old male was transported to Lake West after he was unable to be awakened., 03/23/12 1238hrs EPD was dispatched to the 35200 block of Lakeland Bl for a disturbance. The disturbance was a romance breaking up that turned into an argument. The male half had left prior to our arrival but was located a short time later. Apparently he was not aware she was breaking up with him. He was advised not to return to her place of employment or face trespassing charges., 03/23/12 0744hrs EPD responded to the Windsor Apts on the report of a male attempting to break into an apartment near "B" building. On arrival the male was observed attempting to make entry. The male was so intoxicated he was immediately taken into custody and placed into the rear of a cruiser. Neighbors identifed the male as a boyfriend of one of the residents. The 48 year old resident of Cleveland was charged with disorderly intox and felony possession of crack cocaine, held without bond until arraignment., 03/23/12 0057hrs officer patroling the area located an occupied vehicle E 337St near the RxR tracks. The 33 year old male from Mentor advised his father kicked him out of the house so he was sleeping in his car. The male was advised to leave the area., 03/22/12 2231hrs criminal damage report at Eastlake Tavern - complainant advised a "big boned" female from Mentor went into the men's bathroom with a male, sat on the sink and it pulled out of the wall. The bar owner is giving her the opportunity to make restitution before prosecuting., 03/22/12 2158hrs EPD assisted EFD on the report of a male on the side of the road on E 337St. The 35 year old male was walking through a field to get to a friend's shop. He fell into a 15ft hole on the property. He managed to crawl to the side of the road and flag someone down. The male was transported to the hospital for  injuries. Property owner was advised of the hole, they currently were unaware it was now there., 03/22/12 2141hrs domestic violence complaint at Surfside Garden Apts. A 35 year old male was getting the children ready for bed while arguing with his 34 year old girlfriend. He  tried pushing her out of the bedroom and close the door, striking the female in the face with the door. Female was not injured, they wish no further police involvement after tempers were calmed., 03/22/12 2026hrs hit-skip MVA on the SR 2 exit ramp to SR 91. A female struck a stopped motorcycle who was also carrying a passenger. The female was located in Willoughby that stated she has a manual transmission and could not get the vehicle stopped in time, striking the couple on the bike at about 20MPH. She was arrested for hit-skip and assuring clear distance, released on a unsecured appearance bond. The bike was towed to the owners residence in Euclid, both parties complained of minor injuries but refused rescue., 03/22/12 1951hrs EPD responded to Willoway Park for a fight in progress. On arrival there were approx. 40 young adults and kids running toward Lakeshore screaming. As people were approached and vehicles were blocked, they advised there was a "guy with a gun" and they were chasing him. That male was located and taken to the ground immediately by an officer and handcuffed for safety. Officer located what ended up being an air/bb gun in his waistband of his pants. According to witness statements two males were involved in a fight earlier in the day. One male left, got a friend who in return brought an air/bb gun to the park so the two males could fight again. The fight turned into a brawl so the male pulled out what the others perceived to be a firearm. A witness also had the melee recorded on his cell phone. After a review of the recording two males were cited for disorderly conduct/fighting and the 20 year old with the air/bb gun was physically arrested for inducing panic and held for bond., 03/22/12 1824hrs a resident in the 1000 block of Woodstock reported finding a small hole in the back of his home next to a window. The damage is consistent with a glass marble or BB similiar to other criminal damaging reports taken earlier this year., 03/22/12 1433hrs a 21 year old male from Willoughby attempted to shoplift a cart full of groceries from ValuKing. The cart was recovered, the male left the area but loss pervention obtained his license plate. Later that afternoon he was located by WPD who advised him he is no longer allowed at the store., 03/22/12 0952hrs disturbance involving an intoxicated female at the trailer park threatening people resulted in the arrest of the complainants girlfriend on a warrant from Euclid PD. She was booked in and held a EPD until Euclid PD could pick her up., 03/22/12 0204hrs loud party complaint in the 1200 block of E 360St. A group of young adults were advised of the complaint and closed the windows and doors. A 2ft glass bong was also confiscated., 03/22/12 0046 EPD assited EFD with a dryer fire in the 200 block of Plymouth. The dryer was taken outside to ventilate. By 0141hrs the house was turned back over to the homeowners., 03/22/12 0020hrs EPD responded to Maple Park Apts on a drug complaint - smell of marijuana coming from an apartment. One 37 year old male was cited for possession of marijuana and a 54 year old male was arrested on a warrant from Wickliffe PD., 03/21/12 2039hrs disturbance in the 1100 block of E 360St over a child exchange. One accused the other of throwing an object and striking her, the other half denied any contact.  All parties were advsied to stay away from each other or exchange the child at EPD's lobby., 03/21/12 2037hrs a 29year old female resident was transported to the hosptial after striking a parked vehicle on E 359St. The female, who admitted to driving while under the influence of "weed and PCP" was arrested for driving under the influence and child endangering., 03/21/12 1927hrs an elderly male became upset over not receiving and advertisement for Pete's Internet Cafe. He cut his card up with scissors and made a threat toward one of the employees. A calling card was left on his apartment door to contact EPD as he is no longer welcome at the business., 03/21/12 1518hrs officer responded to Walmart to assist an elderly male in locating his vehicle in the parking lot. The vehicle was located and a rescue squad was called to respond to assist the male with a medical emergeny., By Tracey Read
TRead@News-Herald.com
@TraceyReporting
Duncan Scott/DScott@News-Herald.com

Calvin Perry makes an apology Wednesday in Lake County Common Pleas Court before being sentenced to 4 1/2 years in prison by Judge Joe Gibson for two counts of aggravated arson and two counts of arson.

Kimberly Frydrych said she’s had trouble sleeping and has felt unsafe in her Eastlake home ever since Oct. 28.

“We woke up in the middle of the night to an orange glow in our bedroom and saw our neighbor’s garage on fire,” she said. “We called 911, but the power lines caught fire and we had to call again from our cell phones. The tree in our backyard caught on fire. It was complete chaos in our backyard.”

Frydrych — in Lake County Common Pleas Court with her husband, Steven — added that all of her 5-year-old son’s toys melted from the fire.

Calvin Perry, 20, of Eastlake, previously admitted intentionally setting two Pinehurst Boulevard blazes that affected four families.

On Wednesday, Judge Joe Gibson sentenced him to 4 ½ years in prison for two counts of aggravated arson and two counts of arson.

Perry set fire to a garage containing three cars, as well as a vehicle in another driveway that happened to belong to a fire marshal.

Although nobody was injured, the garage fire caused an estimated $100,000 damage and affected two neighboring, occupied houses.

“You really screwed up here,” said the judge. “Stevie Wonder could see that.”

Perry said he had no motive for the crimes and told police the victims were selected at random.  He had no prior criminal record other than three misdemeanor cases as a juvenile.

“I hope (the victims) find it in their hearts to forgive me,” he told Gibson.

Assistant Lake County Public Defender Terry Hess said the main victim already has.

Dr. Juan Hernandez of the Cleveland Pain Management & Wellness Center wrote Hess a letter that was read in court. The letter said Perry needs drug and alcohol treatment, not prison.

Hernandez — whose garage was completely destroyed in the incident — said he fears prison would do nothing more than make Perry a career criminal.

Hess said Perry’s extreme use of alcohol to the point of blacking out that day dramatically affected what happened. Perry also has unaddressed anger issues stemming from being physically abused as a child by his natural father, the defense attorney added.

“He had no ax to grind against any of them,” said Hess. “It’s just kind of inexplicable.”, 03/21/12 1312hrs officers responded to Walmart for an uncooperative male shoplifter. The 39 year old from Sheffield Lake was taken into custody. He attempted to steal a desktop computer and a hacksaw total value $606.97. He was charged with theft and paraphernalia after a syringe was found on his person that he admitted was used for a heroin addiction., 03/21/12 since the weather has broken, starting friday our school resourse officer has already issued 10 daytime curfew citations for students leaving school property without permission from either a parent or school administrators. Most students will be given time in the juvenile diverstion program, repeat offenders will have to go to juvenile court., 03/21/12 0058hrs complaint of a party of young adults drinking along with a bon fire on Galalina beach. The fire was put out by the party goers and they were sent on their way., 03/20/12 1920hrs report of a male running, carrying a baby on Erie Rd that was presently hiding behind a tree on Yachtman's Cove. Everything checked okay, mom was also outside the baby just likes to be held while a parent runs., 03/20/12 1401hrs the owner of the Offshore reported a female entered the bar asking for water that was wearing hospital bracelets and was acting oddly. The female left the business in a vehicle traveling in the wrong lanes, striking a curb. The 53 year old female from Willoughby was located. Due to medical problems she was transported to EPD lobby to arrange for a ride home., 03/20/12 1220hrs complaints of a strong smell of natural gas in the area of the Vineyards was investigated by EFD. A company was cleaning the sewers behind the business causing the odor., 03/20/12 0941hrs report of two males using lock cutters to enter a garage in the 100 block of Traymore. The males were stopped with WPD's assistance in Willoughby. The males were working for a contractor and possessed a work order to change the locks at the residence, however, one of the males had a warrant for his arrest throught Geauga County S.O. and was taken into custody on the warrant., 03/20/12 0814hrs a resident reported finding a purse and wallet in the 1500 block of E 337St. The owner was contacted, her purse had been stolen from her vehicle overnight in Willowick. Willowick to handle investigation., 03/20/12 0703hrs officers had to extract a racoon in a buisness in the 34000 block of Melinz. The healthy racoon was lying on top of a rack holding pharmaceuticals. Officers were able to snare him, place him in a large can and remove him from the building. The racoon was released. At last sighting he was swimming away in the creek., 03/19/12 2131hrs report of a male walking around a vacant home located on E 357St with a flashlight. A neighbor approached him to ask what he was doing and the male walked away from him. Officer checked the home and area for the male, he was not located., 03/19/12 2046hrs complaint of four juveniles that entered the Captain's Club trying to sell candy to customers. When asked to leave they became unruly. Juveniles left in a white vehicle prior to our arrival. The business was advised to call should they return., 03/19/12 1755hrs report of juveniles on top of Thomas Jefferson. Officer checked with the help of EFD's ladder truck. As officer was going up one side apparently two juveniles jumped off the roof near the playground area. So far there is no positive ID on the two responsible., Our PAL board has had a meeting and we discussed the recent incidents at the PAL center and have ensured that the relationship with Euclid PAL is over.  The incident itself was more the fault of the kids from Eastlake but we felt the seperation was best for the orginization.  Also, there will not be any people over 18 permitted in the program unless currently in the W/E school system.
     We appreciate the opinions of the commmunity on this issue and will welcome any constructive ideas or suggestions in the future. Chief Reik., 03/19/12 0133hrs a group of six 15 year old boys were arrested for curfew violations when the group was spotted on Waverly near Willowick Dr. The boys admitted to splitting a 12 pack of beer and a bottle of pear wine recovered sported all of their signatures. The six were transported back to EPD and parents called to pick up their children. In lieu of court all were recommended to the diversion program at EPD., 03/18/12 1959hrs an on-going neighbor problem on Matoma led to the arrest of an 18 year old male. On arrival neighbors were on opposite sides of the street yelling vulgarities at each other, over vulgarities directed at each other and one finger waving. The 18 year old refused to cease his actions in the presence of officers which resulted in his arrest for persistent disorderly conduct., 03/18/12 two people reported while at the Eastlake Tavern on 03/17/12 their cell phones were stolen - report taken, 03/18/12 0236hrs a female fled her home on E 361St after being involved with a domestic with her husband. Officers met the female in a nearby parking lot. The female, who was bleeding, was bitten on the nose by her husband. The husband was observed running across a parking lot on Vine St by officers and was soon located hiding in a vehicle. He was arrested and charged with felony domestic violence charges., 03/18/12 0103hrs officers responded to the 34300 block of Roberts for a female yelling for help. On arrival a 21 year old and his step-father were involved in a physical altercation. The 21 year old had to be physically removed from the step-father and restrained. The 21 year old, who was highly intoxicated, was taken into custody and held until sober. The other male involved did not wish to pursue any charges., 03/17/12 2341hrs an 88 year old male from Madison who was too intoxicated to drive at the High Point began to argue with officers over the issue. In the end, we had his keys and the male found a ride back home., 03/17/12 2334hrs three intoxicated males got into an altercation in the 33000 block of Guilbert after one male shined a flashlight into the other males yard. At some point a third male also got involved and property was damaged at the home. The three males will equally split the cost to repair the damage as they were all responsible - Landlord of the house was also present., 03/17/12 2131hrs several calls of a fight in progress at the Hideaway bar. As officers responded people scrambled - parties involved that were located were sent on their way., 03/17/12 1901hrs report of a fight in progress in the 1000 block of E 347St between two adult males. The males were separated. Neither he 34 year old or 24 year old wanted any further police involvement, they were advsied to stay away from each other., 03/17/12 1828hrs an intoxicated female from Wickliffe walked out of Valu-King with popcicles without paying for them. On our arrival the female had returned to pay for the items after realizing the driver of the vehicle had not paid for the items either., 03/17/12 1820hrs disturbance/assault at Jakse Park between two male juveniles. One juvenile rode another's bicycle without permission causing the conflict. The juvenile at fault has been banned from the park for the summer., 03/17/12 1033hrs a 68 year old male from Woodstock was arrested on a domestic violence charge (threats) after reportedly threatening to disconnect the gas to the home and "blow up his wife". On arrival there was a pipe wrench located, EFD and the gas company responded as a precaution., 03/17/12 0854hrs a resident from Arline reports their cement goose was taken from their property sometime overnight., 03/17/12 0209hrs a vehicle traveling on Lakeshore with only parking lights activated was stopped. The 49 year old female from Mentor was later arrested for OVI after failing field sobriety testing., 03/16/12 1457hrs a female from the 33000 block of Roberts reported her boyfriend assaulted her. During the coarse of the investigation it was determined she was the aggressor. A trip back to the residence for a re-interview with the complainant ended when she pulled into the driveway, via her neighbors grass, and struck a bicycle in the drive, pushing it into the garage door. She was arrested for OVI, DUS and two counts of child endangerment. The two children are staying with a relative., 03/16/12 0319hrs a passing motorist flagged down an officer to advise of a vehicle traveling on Vine St with no headlights on. The vehicle was located as it was turning around in a business driveway - the vehicle was stopped and the 30 year old female was arrested for OVI along with no lights. When asked, she thought she was in the city of Highland Hts., 03/16/12 0245hrs a vehicle was stopped for a traffic violation on SR 2 - the driver, a 36 year old male from Mentor was later arrested on the suspicion of driving under the influence. The male refused a breath test so he was transported to Lake West for a mandatory blood draw due to three prior OVI convictions in the last 6 years. He was charged with felony OVI and held without bond., 03/15/12 1730hrs what began as menacing via facebook ended with a 17 year old female in the 36100 block of Hillcrest damaging a vehicle with a baseball bat driven by a 18 year old female from Willoughby Hills and the assault of her 19 year old passenger - also with the bat - from Willowick. Prosecutor is reviewing report., 03/16/12 1725hrs EPD along with EFD responded to Eastview Meadows for smoke coming from the third floor. There was some sort of a cooking accident causing a lot of smoke., 03/15/12 1645hrs report of three male teenagers in the 1100 block of E 337St trespassing in a yard - one of the males urinated on a mailbox. The males were located, the male responsible was transported back to EPD for a parent pick up. Mom to take care of discipline., 03/15/12 1543hrs call of an unresponsive female in front of the Handlebar. The 42 year old female was intoxicated - her husband provided her with a ride home., 03/15/12 1055hrs a female came to EPD lobby to post bond for her husband who had been arrested for a DUI. As soon as the male walked into the lobby where his wife was waiting a domestic became quite heated. The parties had to be separated - the female was sent home in a cab that was waiting in the parking lot and the male was transported by us to a different location., Do not depend on the "luck of the Irish" drink responsibly or have a designated driver this weekend. It's going to be a beautiful weekend, we'd like to see you around to enjoy it., 03/15/12 0258hrs a vehicle was stopped for traffic violations. The driver, a 46 year old male from WLBY Hills was later arrested on the suspicion of driving under the influence. The male was under several suspenions, having his last valid license expire in 1998. At EPD the male refused to submit to a breath test and was transported to Lake West for a mandantory blood draw due to two prior convictions for OVI in the last six years., 03/14/12 2201 stolen bicycle report taken from the 1300 block of E 345St.  Stolen bike described as 20 inch mongoose bike, dark blue with black mag rims and an orange sticker near the handlebars., 03/14/12 1754hrs a resident from Riverside reported her 12 year old was starting small fires in the bathroom. The caller was out of town but did have an adult staying at the home. Officer spoke to the juvenile who turned over a lighter, some burnt toilet paper was located in the bathroom. The parents were given advise on  how to handle the situation once they return home., Please be on the lookout for my Granddaughter Elysia McNutt. She didn't come ho...me after school today. Please call me, her mom, her Uncle Bud if you see her. You can reach me at 228-2510.See More
By: Bernie Kranauer, 03/14/12 1732hrs caller reported a male sleeping in a van at the Manor Park Apts with no license plates. The 39 year old male stated he is staying with a friend at the apartments and is in the process of renewing the plates.  Warning issued., 03/14/12 1132hrs caller reported she went to her 85 year old mother's apartment to pick her up for an appointment and could not locate her. Maintenence gained entry into the home and she was not there. Officer contacted her Social Service case worker who advised she put her on LakeTran this morning to go grocery shopping., 03/14/12 1021hrs report of two people going door to door in the 37000 block of Bayview. The people, wearing trench coats, reportedly were making bizarre comments about the world breaking down. Officer checked the area and was unable to locate them. We beleive they were possible Jehovah's Witness but did not identify themselves as such to the complainant., 03/14/12 0949hrs report of vehicle that lost a load of scrap in the 35900 block of Lakeshore and not stop to pick it up. The vehicle was located on Glen Dr. The driver advised he spent 15 minutes picking up the nuts and bolts from the roadway and there was a pile of them in his front seat. Officer checked the roadway and  observed a small amount left on the street and swept them off the road - driver was sent on his way., -MONDAY NIGHT SUPPORT GROUP-

FOR WOMEN WHO ARE VICTIMS OF
UNHEALTHY RELATIONSHIPS
DOMESTIC ABUSE/VIOLENCE
RELATIONSHIP ABUSE/VIOLENCE
EMOTIONAL, VERBAL & PHYSICAL ABUSE

             

The Eastlake Police Victims Assistance Program offers a confidential support group for women who 
are currently in or who have been in an unhealthy relationship.

Where 
Eastlake Police Department
35150 Lakeshore Boulevard 
Eastlake, OH 44095

When 
Monday evenings from 6:30-8p.m. 
(except holidays)

             

There is no fee for participating in the support group

Please contact the Eastlake Police Victim Advocates at 975-4252 
or 951-1400 for further information., 03/13/12 2228hrs EPD returned to Matoma on the request of the resident who had the camp fire from the earlier post. The resident wanted an officer stand by for him to collect his belongings and leave the home.  Dad advised he would maintain peace for the night between the two brothers, no stand by necessary., 03/13/12 2102hrs employees from Dollar General reported they were locked inside the store. There was a screw protruding blocking the door, they were able to lift it up with a credit card and exit., 03/13/12 2032 EPD assisted EFD on Matoma with a large camp fire. The males sitting around the fire had been drinking and gave the FD a hard time when they were told to put out the fire. The fire was extinquished and the males warned if we return they will be returning with us., 03/13/12 1944hrs domestic reported by children of a couple on E Overlook Dr.  The couple was arguing over spilled pop and agreed to stay away from each other until tempers cooled down., 03/13/12 1501hrs loud music complaint on Christine Ct. On arrival a juvenile was located in the driveway working on his car stereo. He was advised of the complaint., 03/13/12 1440hrs EPD was called for a "suspicious package" on the pedistrian bridge over SR 91. The shopping bag contained an empty bag of CO2 cartridges., 03/13/12 1235hrs report of a distrubance in the 25900 block of Lakomis Dr. a female from Cleveland was yelling another female out of her car window. The woman heard her husband was cheating on her and went to the address to confront her. She was advised not to return to this area or could face charges., 03/13/12 1146hrs a 27 year old male from Wickliffe was arrested, by Wickliffe PD and turned over to EPD on an acitve warrant from WMC for failing to report to jail after sentencing for stealing catalytic converters out of our city. The male also had an active warrant through Beachwood PD for shoplifting. He is being held without bond., 03/12/12 an orange liquid substance was sprayed all over a home on Waverly Rd. Apparently an ongoing dispute between a 30 year old Painesville male and a 30 year old male resident over several issues was the basis of the criminal damaging. The Painesville male will be facing charges. Both parties were advsied to cease all forms of communication with each other and thier families., 03/12/12 2206hrs juveniles at the corner of Stevens and E 354St were throwing eggs at passing vehicles - the three juveniles were last observed running down E 354St by the caller  the juveniles were not located., 03/12/12 2139hrs a caller in the 35600 block of Stevens reported seeing a green laser light in the area and thought juveniles may be pointing it at traffic. A check of the area discovered a female outside trying to capture pictures of UFO's......, 03/12/12 1954hrs a male requested an escort to retrieve his dog back from a resident on Green Dr per the request of the Dog Warden. The dog was returned to the rightful owner from Painesville., 03/12/12 1500hrs a resident in the 34800 block of Lakeshore reported someone unknown cut the wires on her Direct TV satellite dish. Invest continuing, 03/12/12 0114hrs noise disturbance at Windsor Lodge Apts. Three males were fighting - one of the males has only been in the country for two weeks. None of males wished to pursue assault charges. They were advised if we have to return they will be arrested., 03/11/12 2153hrs a 39 year old resident reported his 52 year old e-girlfriend is harassing him on facebook and driving by his home. He was advised of his options including a civil protection order., 03/11/12 1944hrs resident in the 36000 block of Clearway report the rear window on their van parked in the driveway was shattered either by a BB or pellet between 1500 and 1900hrs. Report taken, 03/11/12 1740hrs a 60 year old male from Willoughby Hills was arrested for stealing a bottle of alcohol from Valu-king. The male was located seated in the passenger side of a vehicle and taken into custody. The driver of the car, a 26 year old resident had a warrant for his arrest through Euclid PD. He was advised to take care of the warrant and sent on his way., EFD assisted with an open burn 03/11/12 at 1701hrs. The complainant advised her child keeps starting fires. EFD spoke with the child reference the dangers and gave mom more options., 03/11/12 0348hrs a 26 year old male approached a 28 year old male in Walmart offering to sell a Walmart gift card worth $131 for $80 cash. The card was checked by a cashier showing a balance of a little over $131 - the cash exchange was made. It was discovered a few moments later the card was switched to an inacitve gift card. The male, from Columbia Station, was stopped, as an officer happened to be in the store on another matter, and was arrested for theft by deception., This post is for clarification of the EPAL program.  The program is
run with privately raised funds not tax payer dollars.  The salaries
of all involved are paid by the organization.  EPAL is governed by a
board with three of those members being with the Police department,
myself included.
     We are aware and are concerned about the recent events that have
occurred.  We will be discussing them at our next meeting.  Feel free
to contact me with specific issues and incidents involving EPAL and
they will be addressed during the meeting.

Chief Reik
951-1400
lreik@eastlakepd.org, 03/10/12 1227hrs a 26 year old male was arrested from E 346St for domestic violence and felony disrupting public service after injuring his girlfriend during an argument then taking her cell phone preventing her from calling 9-1-1. He is being held without bond pending arraigment., 03/10/12 0311hrs a cab driver reported he dropped off a passenger in his vehicle on Curtis that he picked up from downtown Cleveland.When the male was told the cost of the fare he offered only a portion of the money to the driver. When the driver told him he had to pay the entire fare he fled the vehicle and drove away in his personal vehicle. The male was located and arrangments were made for the male to make good on the fare on Monday morning., 03/09/12 2303hrs a 36 year old male from Willowick was arrested at Walmart after concealing $215.10 worth of shirts and shorts under his coat. He was transported to EPD and was bonded out a short while later., 03/09/12 2232hrs EPD received two calls of a fist fight with two vehicles involved at a traffic light near Valu-King. On arrival both vehicles had already left the area., 03/09/12 1829hrs a 14 year old female was charged with three counts of drug paraphernalia after officers removed a pipe and two bongs from her room. EPD was originally called to the Windsor Apartment home for a domestic between two sisters., 03/09/12 1419 EPD is investigating an assault complaint that reportedly occured on 03/04/12. The 20 year old female complainant reported being at an underage drinking party on Michelle Lane. A confrontation occured when property in the home got damaged. An 18 year old female "slammed" the 20 year old to the basement causing the 20 year old to lose consciousness, head and neck injuries., 03/08/12 2052hrs family disturbance at Monreal Funeral home. On arrival officer could hear two females badgering another female over enevelopes that were left for the family at the funeral home. They were advised to cease their behavior and advised if they return for the services further actions will be taken in the event of another disturbance. Two of the females were escorted off the property., 03/08/12 2052hrs attempted theft from auto - a witness observed a male exit a vehicle and attempt to open a car door in the parking lot of Papa Joes. The witness scared the suspect off. The 49 year old from Wilowick was later located. Due to no damages or theft from the vehicle, the victim declined to pursue charges., 03/08/12 2048hrs caller from the 37000 block of Lakeshore thought he heard banging type noice coming from inside of a vacant home. Home was checked nothing found., 03/08/12 1509hrs call of a female laying in a ditch between Walmart and Kmart buildings. The 83 year old female had fallen, assistance given., 03/08/12 1433hrs B&E report taken in the 1300 block of E 357St. Person unknown entered a building and removed landscaping tools. Invest continuing., 03/08/12 1252hrs two males were given citations for disorderly fighting at NHS. The two were fighting over a name calling incident. They were both warned the day before to stay away from one another., Posted by Stefanie Toth on Mar 5, 2012 in Event Coverage, Willoughby South and Eastlake North have come together to support Chardon High School in the wake of recent events. A charity basketball game will be hosted on Friday, March 9 at 7:30 p.m at the South High gym, 5000 Shankland Blvd. in Willoughby.

Willoughby South head football coach Matt Duffy and Eastlake North’s head football coach George Burich came up with the concept.

Checks and all money collected will go to Chardon Local Schools to be used for a memorial at the school to be developed by school personnel and the students. Steven Nedlik, Willoughby South High School athletic director, is hoping for an expected attendance of 2,500.

A note from Steven Nedlik, athletic director, Willoughby South High School:

The tragedy at Chardon High School touched the Willoughby-Eastlake school community in a profound way. The benefit basketball game scheduled for Friday, March 9 at 7:30 p.m. is a great platform for our students and the WE school community to show are support for our friends at Chardon High School.

Please consider attending this event. T-shirts will be on sale at both North and South High schools all next week March 5 – 8 and the night of the event for $ 10.00. All funds, tickets, t-shirts and concessions will be forwarded to Chardon High School for use in the development and installation of a future memorial to be placed at Chardon High School.

The students and community are very excited about the event. Since the benefit game’s announcement, the feedback has been tremendous. I have received emails and phone calls from around the country, and the outpouring of support and willingness to help has been remarkable., 03/08/12 1029hrs EPD assisted EFD on a call of female moaning and yelling for help - reported by a volunteer from Meals on Wheels. Entry was made into the home. The female was calling for her nurse who had not shown up at the home yet. Family members responded to the scene., 03/08/12 0957hrs report of a domestic in the 1500 block of E 361St. A 41 year old intoxicated male reportedly threatened to shoot and kill a 41 year female. The male was arrested on felony domestic violence and felony disrupting public service for unplugging the home phone preventing the female from calling 9-1-1., 03/08/12 0938hrs a caller in the 34000 block of Roberts Rd reported an occupied vehicle in her driveway that has been there for an hour. The two males were identifed as newpaper carriers. There vehicle was disabled and were awaiting the arrival of AAA., 03/08/12 0637hrs a passing motorist reported a possible fire at Demilta's - one of the mulch piles had started smouldering. An employee on scene used their power equipment to move the mulch around and smother the fire, handling it himself. He was advised to contact EFD if assistance was needed., 03/08/12 0046hrs EFD responded to an uncontained fire in the back yard in the 1200 block of E 345St. The open burn was extinguished., 03/07/12 2030hrs a resident reported receiving a suspicious text message on his phone that said "OK, IT'S DONE." "NOW WHAT DO YOU WANT ME TO DO WITH THE BODY." The complainant did not recognize the number nor has he ever received a call from that  number. The cell phone number was traced eventually to an address in Ashtabula.  Ashtabula S.O. was able to make contact with the cell phone owner. It turned out to be the caller's nephew who got a new phone and decided have some fun with his uncle. Complainant advised., 03/07/12 1930hrs a motorist parked at BP advised a random female had just climed into his car while he was parked there. On arrival the 48 year old female was wandering around the parking lot. She stated she was with a chruch group and needed a ride to Euclid Ave. She was transported to Euclid Ave then decidied she did not want to get dropped off there. She was dropped off and called for a ride from there., 03/07/12 1859hrs an elderly female called to report she was using the restroom at the senior center, the lights shut off and she was locked inside. Officers located her in her own home. The female was disoriented and believed she really wasn't in her own home. A neighbor offered to stay with her for the night, family members were contacted. Follow up with be conducted today with our victim advocates to make sure she receives the assistance she needs., 03/07/12 1844hrs report of an attempted burglary -a resident in the 200 block of Parkway reported someone attempted to break her home by removing a screen to open a window. No entry was gained., 03/07/12 1831hrs domestic violence in progress call in the 200 block of St Lawrence. A 44 year old intoxicated male assaulted his elderly father and attempted to stab him with a screwdriver. The male also assaulted his disabled elderly mother. The male had fled on foot while the father was on 9-1-1.  After a lenghty search the male was located and taken into custody. He will be arraigned today on two counts of domestic violence., 03/07/12 1759hrs report of a vehicle driving recklessly in the parking lot of the PAL Center. The vehicle was located at the residence (witness provided license number). The 17 year old was advised about his driving habits, he apologized and said it would never happen again - Dad to take care of punishment., 03/07/12 1706hrs on going neighbor dispute in the 1000 block of E 347St. One neighbor reported the other neighbor was video taping them while they were outside and taunting them to fight., 03/07/12 1653hrs EFD responded to the 900 block of Beverly Ct for a posible structure fire. There was a small fire in the insulation in a wall. FD opened up the wall and removed all the insulation then ventilated the structure., 03/07/12 1357hrs officer responded to Eastview Meadows for an on-going neighbor problem between two tenants. Apparently one tenant was taking pictures of the other tenant while she was smoking in her car. They were advsied they are going to have to work with the landlord to work out all of their issues., 03/07/12 1317hrs complaint of a male riding his dune buggy on Bayshore. The male riding his 4 wheeler was located, advised of the complaint. He pushed the 4 wheeler back to his home., During the month of Febuary EPD generated 164 incident reports, 223 supplemental reports (these are investigative updates), and 23 accident reports. There were 67 misdemeanor arrests, 18 felony arrests, 10 DUI arrests and 16 arrests for driving under suspension. These totals do not include other traffic violations., 03/06/12 1853hrs noise disturbance at the Community Center regarding cars blasting offensive music in the parking lot. The males, who were engaged in a basketball game, were leaving on our arrival., 03/06/12 1806hrs report of a vehicle occupied by three males on Courtland smoking marijuana. The males were advsied of the complaint and consented to a search of the vehicle which turned up negative results.  The trio were sent on their way., 03/06/12 1756hrs a female babysitting in the 1200 block of E 348St reported her ex-boyfriend entered the home and began arguing with her. He was asked to leave by the complainant but returned unannounced and unwelcomed. On arrival the male had left the area. Phone calls to the 28 year old male from Wickliffe were disconnected by the male. The complainat was advsied to contact EPD should he return., 03/06/12 1659hrs report of a fight at the PAL Center between a group of black males and white males. On arrival most males had scattered. One vehicle involved was stopped on SR 2 with a car load of juveniles and young adults from Euclid. They were advised not to return to the center - others involved were also told they were no longer welcome. The fight was determined to be mostly verbal and not physical.  EPD is no longer affliated with PAL, it is operated by by Ohio PAL., 03/06/12 1616hrs solicitor complaint in the area of Roberts Rd and Arline Ave. Two males were attempting to sell steaks out of the back of their van. The 45 year old male from Willoughby was located and warned. He did have permits from about every other city except Eastlake. He was advised to obtain one before returning., John there are no haters on this page - feel free to "exercise your right to unlike", A 52 year old male from Cleveland was arrested on probable cause warrant for felony domestic violence stemming from an incident in January where the male is accused of punching his 59 year old wife in the face with a closed fist several times outside of the China Buffet on Vine St. He is being held on $5000 cash or surety bond., 03/06/12 0011hrs officer responded to Dover Place Apts on a complaint of an intoxicated female wandering around Dover knocking on doors. The 41 year old resident was located sitting on the steps of a vacant apartment. The female exhibited obvious signs of intoxicaton - she was unable to provide an address where she lived and had urinated herself. With assistance she was deposited into a cruiser, transported to EPD, cited and placed into a cell until sober., 03/05/12 1827hrs a 15 year old male was taken into custody for domestic violence from the 1600 block of E 361St.  It began as a fight between the 15 year old and 11 year old sibling, a 17 year old sibling became involved and was also assaulted. The step-father intervened, attempting to strike the 15 year old with a cutting board and was tackled to the ground by the juvenile. The juvenile was arrested, processed and later transported to Lake County Juvenile Detention., 03/05/12 1653hrs officers responded to the 33900 block of Willowick Dr for a domestic between a 21 year old female and 26 year old male. On arrival EPD received a second call from the home stating the male and the female caller's mother were now involved in an altercation. All parties were separated and arrangements were made for child visitation, which was the original cause of the disturbance., 03/05/12 1632hrs an intoxicated 75 year old male resident exited the bar and fell in front of Demarco's donuts. The male was not injured and was being assisted by another male. He was given a courtesy ride to his apartment by EPD., 03/05/12 1309hrs detectives were asked to check the Glass House on Vine St on the report bath salts and synthetic marijuana was being sold there. A consent search of the business found this allegation to be false - inquiring agency advised., 03/05/12 1104hrs a vehicle traveling 80mph on the freeway was stopped for the violation. On approach to the vehicle there was a strong odor of burnt marijuana in the car. The driver, a 26 year old female from Richmond Hts was cited for the speed violation and driving under suspension. The passenger, a 31 year old male from Cleveland had marijuana in his possession and was given a citation. The vehicle was towed from the freeway and the occupants transported to EPD to arrange for a ride., 03/05/12 0753hrs theft of money from Little Learners Daycare currently under investigation pending interviews., 03/05/12 0243hrs officer on SR 2 monitoring traffic oberved a vehicle at a fast speed. The vehicle was stopped and after speaking with the driver he was asked to perform sobriety testing. He was taken into custody after failing the tests. A search of his vehicle prior to towing contained a partial bottle of whiskey and a bag of fireworks. a search of the 31 year old male from Mansfield was conducted and a controlled drug was located in his clothing. He was charged with OVI, traffic violations, possession of fireworks and felony possession., Voting day is tomorrow - March 6 - polls open at 6:30 Issue 2 will be on the ballot which would help support your Police Department., 03/04/12 1615hrs resident in the 34000 block of Glen reported damage to a front window by either a BB or pellet - it's unknown when the damage occured as the shade has been drawn all winter., 03/04/12 1200hrs a resident of Dover Apts reported her vehicle was entered overnight - a small amount o change was the only thing discovered missing. Report taken., 03/04/12 0124hrs a 17 year old male was taken into custody for stealing two cans of iced tea from Sunoco on Vine. The juvenile walked out of the store with the tea and entered a vehicle - the clerk obtained the plate and the juvenile was located at a friends home. He asked the officer if he could get his cell phone from the garage. At the garage the officer could smell marijuana and there was a glass pipe on the table by his phone. A search of the juvenile led to additional charges of possession of marijuana and paraphernalia., 03/03/12 2350hrs EPD units to the area of E 320St in Willowick on a call of mutual aid for multiple shots fired.  Upon arrival in the area, EPD officers assisted in maintaining a perimeter and containment around the suspect location.  SWAT was called out and upon relief by members of the SWAT team, (including two EPD members) EPD officers cleared the scene and returned to the city., 03/04/12 0020hrs a 20 year old female from Mentor on the Lake was taken into custody and held on cash bond for shoplifting $40.68 worth of clothing from Walmart., 03/03/12 1924hrs disturbance between a male and female at manor Park Apts. The 45 year old female hid a half of bottle of vodka from the 47 year old male - both agreed to stay away from each other for the night - one in the bedroom and one on the couch., 03/03/12 1855hrs residents on Dolores Dr reported a male walking around the area and currently was jumping on a fence. On arrival when the male saw the cruiser he fled on foot. Once apprehended the 14 year old from Cleveland was identified - he advised he was selling items for Youth America (permit holder). He said he ran because he was unsure what he should do when he saw the police....The driver arrived to transport him home, 03/03/12 1829hrs a resident from the 37000 block of Green reported a motorized scooter (razor) was stolen from her garage - invest continuing, 03/03/12 1651hrs a resident on E 351St reported they received a threatening letter in the mail from a person incarcerated at Mansfield Correctional. EPD developed a possible suspect and will be following up with officials at the prison., 03/02/12 0055hrs a 19 year old motorist from Wlby Hills advised he was sideswiped while traveling N/B SR 91 by a white, late 90's Ford F-150 truck bearing a temp tag. The driver was described as a white male with facial hair and a shaved head. The suspect vehicle fled w/b on Beachpark. The victim vehicle sustained damage to the rear bumper and along the passenger side. Report taken, 03/02/12 2314hrs a passing motorist reported a vehicle driving erratically on Lakeshore and appeared to be in a physical altercation with a passenger. The vehicle was located near the Surside Apts. The male operator, who exhibited obvious signs of intoxication, had to be physically removed from his vehicle. The female passenger advised they were arguing because the driver kept passing up her street. The 21 year old male from Avon Lake was taken into custody for driving under the influence and driving under suspension. The female passenger was transported home to her residence in the city., 03/02/12 2206 officers responded to the 1000 block of E 349St for a welfare check. The complainant advsied he has not heard from or been able to get a hold of his mother for over a week. On arrival it was learned his mother was in Lake County Jail - he was advised., 03/02/12 2025hrs officers were dispatched to the parking lot of Walmart on the report of a female that walked into a car and fell down. On arrival a 40 year old female was located that was in need of medical attention due to an exsisting condition. EFD responded for treatment., 03/02/12 1914hrs noise complaint at Willowood Apts. A downstairs tenant was playing loud music, the complaintant stomped on the floor. The downstairs tenant in return began yelling profanities at her. Officer spoke to both parties and they were told to try to get along., 03/02/12 1727hrs a female operating a blue honda failed to yield the right of way to oncoming traffic on Vine St near Mamma Primose causing a male operating a F-150 to stike the vehicle. The female fled the scene with damage to the driver side of her vehicle. Hit-skip MVA report taken., 03/02/12 0830hrs disturbance in the 1300 block of E 343St between a 19 year old male and 20 year old female. The argument started because the male had another female over the house. Officer stood by while the female and another family member gathered up her belongings to move out., 03/02/12 0828hrs B&E report taken at Thomas Jefferson Elementary. Sometime overnight a pane of window glass was removed and a computer and monitor was stolen. Investigation is continuing., 03/02/12 0034hrs call of a disturbance in the 1200 block of E 360St. The 48 year old male that was causing the problem left prior to our arrival. They were advised to call should he return., 03/01/12 2347hrs report of a male stumbling in the roadway that also had fallen once on Vine near Waverly. A check of the area was unsuccessful - a male fitting the description was checked at the Eastlake Tavern and that male was okay., 03/01/12 2226hrs officer responded to Eastview Meadow Apts for a complaint of a bright light lighting up the complainant's apartment. The resident with the light agreed to turn it off for the night and get a lower wattage bulb., Tribute to Chardon High School from Eastlake North Concert Choir 
www.youtube.com
Our condolences to Chardon High School. From Eastlake North Concert Choir. Chardon..You are not alone. We are here for you. The song is "The Lord Bless You , 03/01/12 1801hrs a passerby on Beachpark at E 347St reported seeing a young male (12-14years) laying in the roadway pointing what appeared to be an assault rifle in the air. The juvenile was located - it was a toy gun, orange tip and orange clip. There were other juveniles in the area also - all playing together. They were told they were not allowed to play in the street., 03/01/12 1639hrs verbal domestic between a 20 year old male and his mother in the 1200 block of E 351St. The male was swearing at his mother and being disrespectful. The male was told to leave the residence and complied., 03/01/12 1611hrs theft of a horse bridle from Brook Hill Farm from the tac house - investigation continuing., 03/01/12 1003hrs a resident from the 1300 block of E 348St reports a home improvement contract was not fulfilled after putting a down payment for the job. The contactor was contacted and a financal arraingement was made with the complainant., 03/01/12 0748hrs theft from vehicle report taken from the 34700 block of Vine St. The suspect pried open the a truck box and removed tools., Spl Ptl Matt Goffos received the outstanding service award for his
hard work and efforts with the juvenile diversion program.  He has
worked with the troubled youth involved with this program since its
inception.  He has continued to think outside of the box to utilize
the participants to further the needs of community and to provide the
needed accountability to the youth., 02/29/12 a 39 year old female from Willoughby was arrested for filing a false report of child abuse stemming from a report from January of this year. The female alleged the father of her son abused the child. After a lenghy investigation the allegation was proven false. She was booked into jail and released on an unsecured bond. The person who was accused currently has custody of the minor., 02/29/12 2213hrs returned to Dover Place Apts for a male acting hystrical, yelling and screaming banging on walls. The 32 year old male, who was alone in the apartment, was advised to cease his behavior or face charges of disorderly conduct., 02/29/12 1900hrs a female resident from Lakeshore reported she was receiving harassing phone calls from anther female. The caller was advised to stop all contact with the complainant and vise versa., 02/29/12 1757hrs report of a male screaming racial slurs and oscenities at people at the Dover Place Apts. On arrival it was determined the disturbace was coming from the Lakeside Estates. The male suspect left in a maroom vehicle, check for the vehicle was unsuccessful., 02/29/12 1657hrs a caller advised there was a female that appearwed to be impaired riding a bicycle waving at people with only one finger and yelling at them. Officers checked the area and surrounding areas - the feamle was not located., 02/29/12 1651hrs an elderly female from Eastlake Dr reports while she was in the hospital her daughter used her credit card. Officer contacted the daughter who admitted to using the card without her mother's permission. The victim did not wish to pursue charges. Both parties agreed to work out payments and wanted no further police invovlement., 02/29/12 1627 hrs a resident from Sandy Knoll reported someone had stolen his identity opening a credit line for over $13,000. The collection agency / law firm was contacted reference the debt and we faxed a copy of our report for their investigation into the matter as it occured out of state and is an internet crime., 02/29/12 1614hrs officer responded to Walmart for an 18 year old female stating she is being followed around the store by a 47 year old female that is threatening and screaming at her. The 47 year old was the mother of one of the complainant's aqaintances. She was advised to have no furture contact with the 18 year old or face charges., 02/29/12 1607hrs report of loud music "blasting" in the 900 block of Center. They were advised of the complaint and agreed to turn down the music., 02/29/12 1457hrs disturbance call in the 1300 block of E 351St between a male and a female. The male had left prior to our arrival. The 21 year old female complainant advised it was a verbal altercation with the male destroying property inside the home. The 22 year old male was later stopped by Willowick Pd and arrested for charges in their city. The male was advsied not to return to the home or he will face trespassing charges., 02/28/12 2304hrs officers responded to the trailer park for two intoxicated males physically fighting. On arrival the two males were engaged in a punching match rolling on the ground. The two males, a 43 year old and a 46 year old, were separted and taken into custody for disorderly intoxication. One of males also had an acitve warrant out of Euclid PD., By Bill Tilton
BTilton@News-Herald.com
@NHPreps

In the wake of the tragedy that occurred Monday morning at Chardon High School, the North and South football teams are coming together to support Chardon with a benefit basketball game at 7 p.m. March 9 at South High School.

A donation is required for admission, and all proceeds will be forwarded to Chardon High School. The teams will also be selling benefit T-shirts for $10 during all lunch periods next week with all proceeds to benefit Chardon High School.

"It's a situation where our kids are affected by this tragedy as well, and we — as any program I think would — just wants to do anything we can to reach out and help Chardon and the community," South coach Matt Duffy said. "It's important for us to show our support in such an incredibly difficult time. This isn't about North and South. It is about supporting the people at Chardon."

North coach George Burich said his players immediately wanted to do something for a school that is a fellow member of the Premier Athletic Conference, and that the Rangers obviously know very well.

"The big thing is our kids want to show support and reach out and help out any way they can," Burich said. "We are excited for the opportunity to do something for Chardon in any small way. Coach Duffy and I got together, and we started talking about doing something, and it really didn't take a long time to decide this was something important for both programs. Any opportunity to help out the community in Chardon is a great opportunity for our two schools.", 02/28/12 2351hrs EPD received a third party call of a violent domestic in progress in the 900 block of E 332St. A second call of the same nature came in, both were from family members. On arrival there was no one at the residence. One of the callers also responded to the home. It was determined the victim had called the famlly from another location on a cell phone.  Verizion was contacted and they were able to "ping" the victims phone which located the last tower her phone hit off of. Cleveland Hts was notifed with the location and situation. A short time later contact was made to family member that the vicitm was on her way home., 02/28/12 2244hrs a female at the laundry mat on Lakeshore stepped out to make a phone call. When she tried to re-enter, the doors to the laundry area were locked with her clothing still inside. EPD was unable to contact a keyholder - the female was advised to return at 7am when they are scheduled to reopen., 02/28/12 a 37 year old male from Woodmere was arrested on a felony warrant for passing bad checks stemming from a report written 09/14/11. The male attempted to pay a down payment for a wedding reception at the Patrician with a bad check. He was held pending $7500 cash/surety bond or arraignment., 02/29/12 0224hrs a vehicle clocked on radar at 90mph on the freeway was stopped for his speed. The driver did not have a valid driver's license due to a suspension. The 26 year old male from Willoughby was given citations for the violations and released on an unsecured bond., Ptl John McCauley received the education ribbon with an oak leaf for
completing his PHD.  He is the first officer on this department and
the only known officer in the area with this level of education.  Ptl
McCauley has used this education to train police officers both inside
and outside the department and this has brought great esteem to
himself and the department., 02/26/12 1951hrs identity theft report taken from a resident on Ridgewood Dr. An unknown person from another state opened several credit cards in the complainant's name at different department stores. Investigation with store fraud investigators is continuing., 02/28/12 1734hrs officers responded to a disturbance at the trailer park. Two intoxicated roommates were arguing and threatening each other. Officers settled the dispute, they promised they would get along the rest of the night. a third male involved agreed to remain at the trailer and "keep an eye" on they both., 02/28/12 1652hrs a 20 year old male from Euclid is facing robbery charges. Walmart loss prevention officers (LPO) observed the male place a $10 DVD into his book bag and exit the store. When they tried to detain him a brief struggle ensued. The male was taken to the ground by LPO’s and restrained until EPD arrived.  During the altercation one of the LPO’s sustained a cut on his hand and a bite to his upper arm. What would have been a misdemeanor theft charge is now a felony due to the suspect using force during the theft attempt., 02/28/12 1118hrs a 17 year old student at NHS was arrested for two counts of assault. What started out to be a food fight between three students, two of them girls, became physical. The student was removed from the school, processed and released to his parent., 02/28/12 0934hrs parking complaint at E 332St and Barbara - a tree service was blocking the roadway. The service was taking down a tree for a resident. They were advised of the concern for safety vehicles getting through if there is an emergency., 02/27/12 0945hrs a resident in the 1400 block of E 337St reported a breaking and entering on a locked trailer. Taken were several tools valued at over $2000. Investigation continuing., 02/28/12 0233hrs a vehicle clocked at 72mph on SR 2 was also observed not stayng in it's own lane of travel. The vehicle was stopped and after failing field sobriety tests the 25 year old male from Mentor was arrested charged with OVI., 02/27/12 1613hrs unauthorized use of auto was reported by an elderly female at Surfside Towers Apts. The complainant stated her daugher along with the daughters roommates borrowed her car and did not/ would not return it. The daughter was contacted and returned the vehicle. No further police involvement needed., 02/27/12 1200hrs a 15 year old male was arrested at NHS for threatening a teacher with bodily harm and criminal damage after he punched and broke a clock. He was charged with menacing and criminal damage then released to a parent. Report forwarded to juvenile court for hearing., 02/27/12 1439hrs officer assisted a driver from Cleveland on SR 2 that lost his couch and cushions on the roadway - property retrieved., 02/27/12 0851hrs criminal damage report taken in the 100 block of E 330St. A pane of glass in a door on the home was damaged by a BB or pellet., Det Bowersock received the exceptional service award for his work
with the Christine Metter and Al Zombory investigation.  Both Ms
Metter and Mr Zombory attempted to solicit a hit man to kill Ms.
Metter's ex husband.  Det Bowersock posed as a hit man and obtained
all of the required information and evidence to help with the
charges.
      During the time leading up to the trail he worked tirelessly with
the prosecutors to solidify the case and obtain all of the evidence.
 His hard work led to the conviction of Ms. Metter and the guilty
plea of Mr. Zombory.  They have been sentenced to a total of 19
years in prison., 02/26/12 2039hrs EFD responded to the 35000 block of Beachpark for the smell of something burning in the home. It appeared to be an electrical issue, no fire. CEI was contacted to respond. The resident was advised on what they need to do to resolve the issues., 02/26/12 1956hrs EPD received a solicitor complaint in the parking lot of Walmart. A 23 year old female from Mentor on the Lake was identifed as the person asking customers for money. She advised she ran out of gas and was only asking to borrow a gas can. She was asked to leave and complied., 02/26/12 1733hrs a male brought a wallet to the station that he located on SR 91. The owner, a female from Euclid, was notified and responded to pick up her property. Other than a small amount of money missing from the wallet, credit cards and other personal property was still intact., 02/26/12 1552hrs a resident in the 36000 block of Reeves Rd was given a 10 day written warning for unlicensed and inoperable motor vehicles after EPD received a complaint from another resident., 02/26/12 1340hrs officer responded to the 36000 block of Reeves Rd for a two year old child that wandered into the callers yard. The mother was eventually located at Brooks Farm. Apparently there was an misunderstanding on who was to watch the child. The mother was advsied she is the one responsible to make sure someone is taking care of her child., 02/26/12 0336hrs a 41 year old male from Lakeline was taken into custody on a felony warrant issued by LCSO to revoke his bond stemming from a felony domestic case EPD handled. The male was turned over to LCSo's custody., 02/26/12 0139hrs a intoxicated 34 year old male from Mentor at the B&H Party Center was asked to stop dancing on a chair at a bar and other disruptive behavior by an officer who was working security at the Hall. The male assaulted the officer by punching and kicking him. He was taken into custody for assault on a Police officer and held without out bond until arraignment., 02/25/12 1510hrs an 18 year old resident was arrested for burglary and theft from a recent incident on Courtland. He was also charged with a trespassing charge from a separate incident on Courtland. He is being held on court set cash bond., 02/26/12 1226hrs cars parked on the fire hydrant side of the street on E 332St were given parking citations. This continues to be a problem spot for residents., 02/25/12 1458hrs Circle K reported trouble with a customer. The clerk asked a male buying alcohol for an ID. He became angry throwing down money and leaving with the beer. The male was not located but the money did cover the cost of the merchandise. They were advised to call if he returns., 02/25/12 1000hrs a resident reported finding property in his yard. After a teletype was sent to other nearby departments it was learned the recovered property was taken in a burglary in a nearby community., 02/25/12 0845hrs MVA on SR 2. A vehicle spun out striking the wall and was in turn struck by another vehicle. Both vehicles sustained front end damage - no injuries to the drivers., 02/25/12 0411hrs report of an one car MVA - a truck spun out, went down the ranp at SR 2 and SR 91, slid down the hill off of the side of the freeway. Officers located the truck that had no damage, the driver was no longer on scene., 02/25/12 0112hrs domestic between husband and wife in the 800 block of Rokeby. Verbal domestic only, both parties had been drinking and started to argue. They agreed to sleep in separate areas for the evening., 02/25/12 0002hrs noise disturbance reported at Sussex Apts. The resident was advised of the complaint and turned down the music., 02/24/12 2136hrs stolen vehicle report taken in 33000 block of Beachpark. On 02/27 a 27 year old male from Euclid was arrested for felony theft after an officer spotted the vehicle with the suspect driving it pull into Walmart., Hats off to Chardon PD and all responders for their expertise and timely response to a horrific situation. Thoughts are with all involved....., 02/24/12 1645hrs complaint between neighbors on E 331St over a fence. Officer spoke with both neighbors and attempted to come to a solution to keep the peace., 02/24/121030hrs a worker in the 35000 block of Lakeland reported persons unknown cut several wires on his wire harness that was located under the seat of his 2010 Harley Davidson causing about $800 worth of damage. Investigation is continuing., Lt Robert Gonzalez received the department excellence award for his
research planning and implementation of the Lake Regional Crash
Reconstruction Unit.  His work has utilized the training and
expertise of many members of the area departments to better serve the
participating agencies and the members  of their communities., 02/24/12 0212hrs officers were dispatched to a disturbance at the Eastlake Tavern for a male arguing with other patrons and flipping over tables. A 24 year old male from Euclid, 22 year old male from the city and a 23 year old female from MOL all were ejected and advised not to return., 02/24/12 0023hrs officers responded to Sunoco on Vine for a male buying beer that urinated while in line. The male was located walking through the old Kmart on Vine. The male was intoxicated, belligerent and verbally combative. The still unidentifed male was taken into custody. At EPD it was discovered the males clothes were just extremely wet and he had not urinated. The male was identifed as a 67 year old indigent male. He was provided with clean clothes and a place to sleep with no arrest charges. Our victim advocates will attempt to get him in a homeless shelter., 02/23/12 2305hrs officer responded to a disturbance on Wicklow Dr. The ex-boyfriend of the caller pulled into the drive striking the callers vehicle. The male, from Broadview Hts, agreed to pay for the damages. The male had been drinking so he was transported to EPD to await a cab ride home. He was permitted to leave his vehicle parked on Wicklow per the complainant but decided he wanted towed to his home., 02/23/12 1644hrs report of a theft of scrap metal from E 360St. The caller was able to give an accurate description and plate on the vehicle. The truck was not located at that time - at 1815hrs an officer was patroling that area, located the vehicle and conducted a traffic stop. The 39 year old male from Twinsburg was cited for driving under suspension, released on an unsecured bond and his vehicle towed. The male claimed he had permission to take scrap, owner of the scrap will be contacted this AM to verify., 02/23/12 1423hrs a solicitor complaint was recieved from residents on Robin Dr. A white van was attempting to sell meat from the van. Officers did not locate the vehicle., 02/23/12 1420hrs a resident in the 200 block of Courtland reported a family member, that has been banned from the home, trespassed into the home while other family members were not home removing personal items from the house. Report taken, invest continues, 02/23/12 1233hrs report of a vehicle operating recklessly on SR 2 that exited onto SR 91. The vehicle was located - the 51 year old resident advised he was extremely tired. He was followed to his residence to rest before driving again., 02/23/12 0722hrs a resident from the 33000 block of Willowick Dr reports three 5 gallon gas cans and a 3 gallon gas can - all filled with fuel were removed/stolen from his yard., 02/22/12 1435hrs report of an intoxicated male walking the path behind NHS to Kennedy - the 36 year old male was not intoxicated, he was transported home and spoken to about perception as he was acting intoxicated., Ptl Vince Cronin was our 2011 Officer of the Year.  Ptl Cronin has
been with the department since 1999 and has been a highly successful
and aggressive police officer.  He has achieved accolades and
recognition for his work with the traffic reconstruction unit and has
been instrumental in the investigation of many serious accidents.
     He was recognized this fall when the department had an arsonist
damage homes and personal property in the city while our residents slept.
He made some informal contacts and inquiries with the public.  With his
investigational skills and engaging personality he was able to come up
with a suspect who later confessed to being the arsonist.  He
continues to excel above and beyond while performing the everyday
challenges and responsibilities of a police officer., We recently awarded our civilian and officer of the year.  The
civilian of the year was Auxiliary Andy Alan.  He was instrumental
throughout the year working closely with the juvenile diversion program
which helps troubled youth accept personal responsibilities.  He helped
research the needs of the program and was instrumental in the
acquisition of funds to keep the program thriving during difficult
financial times.  During the community Christmas he was a major
participant in acquiring toys, money and food for the less fortunate so
they may have a better holiday., A 30 year old female was arrested charged with identity theft and shoplifting stemming from an incident that occured in January of this year. The female returned stolen items to Walmart using her sister's identification. She being held pending posting of bond., By Tracey Read
TRead@News-Herald.com
@TraceyReporting

  Christine Metter was sentenced Thursday to the maximum 10 years in prison for trying to hire a hit man to have her ex-husband killed.
  Metter, 41, of Beachwood, went along with a scheme to have Atlanta resident David Metter killed by a hit man who later turned out to be an undercover Eastlake police detective.
  She was convicted last month by a Lake County Commonn Pleas Court jury of conspiracy to commit aggravated murder.
  Metter’s attorney said her live-in father, 77-year-old Al Zombory, manipulated her into going along with the plan.
  Zombory pleaded guilty to the same charge and was sentenced Tuesday to nine years in prison., 02/22/12 a 20 year old male was arrested after admitting to stealing jewelry from his mother in the 500 block of E 331St. The jewelry was pawned and could not be recovered as it had already been melted down. He was booked into the system and released on an unsecured bond., 02/22/12 1211hrs officers responded to a disturbance at Surfside Sunoco for a female being disruptive in the business. The female had written a couple of bad checks - she paid off her debt and left., 02/22/12 1050hrs EPD received information that "a bum" was sleeping in an abandoned trailer at the park and "hiding beer inside from the other tenents".  A welfare check was conducted - it was obvious there had been someone sleeping in the trailer but had left. Periodic checks will be made to attempt to locate the male., 02/22/12 0650hrs officers responded to a disturbance in the 1200 block of E 360St. A neighbor reported she could hear calls for help coming from the home. Two males had been in an altercation and were separated prior to our arrival. Neither male wanted further police involvement. A 48 year old male was arrested for two outstanding felony warrants - one through Willoughby Pd for receiving stolen property and one through Macedonia for felony theft., 02/21/12 1742hrs a 15 year old juvenile took a sibling's car while they were sleeping. He drove to the River Metro Park and upon exiting he was traveling at approximately 45MPH in  posted 20MPH zone (based on accident reconstruction). The vehicle went off the right side of the road, struck a large rock, then a large tree. The vehicle then crossed back over Rural and came to rest in a ditch totaling the car., 02/21/12 1636hrs repeat customer - officers responded to a disturbance on E 361St for an intoxicated male who attempted to assault  another male with a chair over a missed hospital visit. The 53 year old male was taken into custody for disorderly intoxication and will be released when sober., 02/21/12 1503hrs officers responded to Walmart pharmacy for a male that was picking up a prescription that had been phoned in illegally. The 27 year old male from Fairport was taken into custody charged with three felony counts of deception to obtain dangerous drugs. He was held without bond pending court appearance., 02/21/12 0148hrs officer observed a vehicle weaving behind him while traveling on Lakeland Bl, he pulled in a drive to let the vehicle pass. The vehicle abruptly pulled into a driveway on E 337St. When he saw the officer pass he quickly pulled out and drove to Curtis where he accelerated to over 50MPH. The vehicle was stopped and the 27 year old male taken into custody for suspicion of driving under the influence, resisting arrest (a struggle ensued), possession of marijuana and traffic violations. He was held for bond and sobriety., 02/20/12 2036hrs EFD was called for a CO2 alarm in the 34000 block of Roberts and radioed EPD to respond. Prior to the alarm going off a 25 year old resident had been smoking marijuana leaving a heavy odor in the room. The female was cited for possession., 02/20/12 1929hrs EPD assisted EFD with a  fire in the 800 block of E 346St. A small fire with carpet involved was quickly extinguished  ., 02/19/12 2314hrs officers responded back to the 1000 block of E 347St (earlier posting). The family member advised not to return to the home was in the garage at the residence. The 24 year old male was taken into custody for criminal trespassing and held on court set bond of $254., 02/19/12 2237hrs officers were dispatched to a disturbance in the 1200 block of E 360St between a brother and sister. Upon identifying the involved parties, a 22 year old male from Cleveland was found to have an active warrant for his arrest through Wooster OSP for failure to appear on a traffic violation. He was taken into custody and held awaiting pick up by OSP. He also is facing charges in Cleveland on another warrant., 02/19/12 1850hrs officers were dispatched to Walmart for a dispute between two customers. Upon completion of that call, loss prevention advised they had two shoplifters in custody. A 22 year old female from Fairport was arrested for theft and held on court set bond - the 19 year old male from Fairport with her was charged with complicity to theft and also held on court set bond. The two had $171.46 worth of merchandise concealed., 02/19/12 1746hrs report of a disturbance at Sussex Apts. A male reportedly was standing outside of D building provoking people to fight. All involved parties were spoken to - there was conflicing stories from both sides. The men were advised to stay away from each other., 02/19/12 1506hrs officer responded to the 500 block of E 331St for a theft of jewelry within the past two weeks. In this instance also a family member is suspected of the theft., 02/19/12 1319hrs theft report taken from the 1000 block f E 347St. A TV was discovered missing from the home. A family member is suspected of pawning the TV. The 24 year old family member was asked to leave the home by his parent and not to return. EPD stood by while he gathered some belongings and he was escorted out., 02/19/12 1144hrs officers responded to the report of a domestic in the 200 block of Paxton. It was determined to be a verbal argument between the couple over a water heater repair. The 32 year old male went for a walk to cool off., 02/19/12 0245hrs officer approaching a redlight on Lakeshore near Erie Rd, observed a vehicle turning onto Lakeshore from Erie make a wide turn and cross the center line. The vehicle was traveling in a weaving course as it made it's way E/B on Lakeshore. The vehicle was stopped and after failed sobriety testing the 34 year old female resident was arrested for suspicion of driving under the influence., 02/19/12 0134hrs officer clearing a traffic stop on SR 91 observed a vehicle turning onto the freeway with no headlights on. The vehicle was stopped on SR 2. The driver of the vehicle, a 23 year old female from Euclid, had no drivers license and a valid warrant for contempt of court through Willowick PD for the same traffic violation. She was cited for no license, headlights required and turned over to Willowick PD., 02/18/12 2156hrs officer responded to the 1400 block of E 361St for a 53 year old male reporting he thinks he was robbed while he was passed out at an establishment in Willoughby. He was advised to call his credit card company when he is sober to determine if any charges were made on the card and to contact WPD if he lost his wallet before accusing people of theft., 02/18/12 1944hrs report of an intox male outside the Hideway crawling to his car. On arrival there were five males in the lot that advised they scooped him up, placed him in a car and he was getting transported home., 02/18/12 1658hrs trouble at the trailer park - pushing shoving match between two residents. Both were intoxicated, made up and agreed to get along., 02/18/12 1533hrs a 29 year old male was taken into custody for domestic violence threats on Admiral Dr. The male became irate over being asked to clean his messy room. As the day wore on other family members barricaded themselves in a room fearing for their safety. On arrival the male was attempting to gain entry into the room. A protection order was also put in place for the other family members. He was held at EPD on $2000 cash bond., 02/18/12 1123hrs a caller reported a vehicle going the wrong way on the freeway after losing control of his vehicle and striking the guardrail with both the front and rear of his car. The vehicle went the wrong way on the freeway ramp then righted itself the correct way. The vehicle was located, due to the caller following him, at a business on Lakeshore. The male had pulled his vehicle into a car shop and was hiding in a storage room. The accident actually occured in Euclid - his license plate was found embedded in the cement barrier. The vehicle had heavy damage with both air bags deployed. The 35 year old male from Mentor was taken into custody for OVI. The accident is being investigated by Euclid PD., 02/18/12 1112hrs custody dispute in the 1000 block of Eastlake Dr. Both parties were spoken to. Custody was exchanged at EPD. To avoid further issues it was advised to contiue with the exchanges at the PD, 02/18/12 1102hrs parking complaint addressed on E 332St. Several cars were parked on the wrong side of the street causing a traffic problem., 02/18/12 Theft report taken at Central Park - a pallet of steel being used to construct a shed was stolen. Under investigation., 02/18/12 0118hrs a vehicle was stopped for speeding on Vine St. On approach to the vehicle it was occupied by four juveniles between 15 and 16 years old. The driver, from Painesville, did not have a driver's license. All four were transported back to the PD - the driver was charged with traffic violations and possession of drug paraphernalia. The other three (Painesville, Fairport Hrb) were given curfew citations.  All were released to parents., 02/18/12 Two adult shoplifters, a 21 year old female and 19 year old male were taken into custody from Walmart. The two concealed PC software and other items on their person totaling $149.22., 02/18/12 0303hrs officers responded to a call of an assault in the 1300 block of E 354St. Prior to arrival at the home, the vehicle the suspect left in after the assault was located and the driver detained until another officer spoke to the complainant. The complainant was intoxicated and did not wish to pursue charges because "he did not want anyone to go to jail"., 02/18/12 0302hrs officers responded to the 35000 block of Stevens Bl for a domestic situation. The 36 year old female called because she was sleeping in the garage and her 28 year old boyfriend poured cold water on her. She went in to sleep on the couch and they agreed to stay separated for the night., 02/18/12 0213hrs officers responded back to the 1200 block of Jakse for another assault - the complainant advised one of the female suspects returned to the home (from the prior posting) and punched the male caller in the face. The caller refused to press charges., 02/17/12 2235hrs officers responded to a report of an assault in the 1200 block of Jakse Dr. Two females, 21 and 22 yrs old advised they were assaulted by two other females that had entered the home. The two females had already left. The victims and witnesses were unable to provide last names of the suspects, nor provide what happened at the home due to their high level of intoxication. The two females were transported to the hospital for their injuries - report taken, 02/17/12 2122hrs EPD responded to a fight in the parking lot of the Deck Lounge. On our arrival the fight had been broken up and involved parties already left. At 0030hrs an officer from Mayfield Hts had a vehicle stopped that contained a male involved in the altercation with a head injury - Mayfield Hts called to confirm the male's story of the fight - due to the injury and damage to his vehicle., 02/17/12 1653hrs disturbance in the 1000 block of E 349St for an unwanted guest knocking on the door. On our arrival the male had already left. Officers later located him at the Eastlake Tavern and advised him not to return., 02/17/12 2155hrs two male juveniles reported being assaulted at North after the basketball game. All identifed parties involved were spoken to. Due to injuries being very minor the parents of the victims did not wish to pursue charges., 02/17/12 0932hrs a male representative from a medical company was given an escort to a residence int the 33000 block of Willowick Dr. The male was to pick up equipment and the resident was "holding it hostage" because the male drove on the grass.  The equipment was returned. The homeowner was advised to handle the lawn incident as a civil matter., 02/17/12 0835hrs an elderly resident from the 100 block of St Lawrence called to report she was alarmed to discover 10 or more very large animal feces in her yard. The officer responded advised they were piles of dirt., 02/16/12 2007hrs a resident in the 1000 block of E 331St reported when his roommate moved out she took belongings that did not belong to her as well as her own belongings over the coarse of four days- investigation continuing., 02/16/12 1718hrs a resident advised a credit card company called him to verify information on a credit card application he filled out. The male was a victim of identity fraud - report taken, 02/16/12 1425hrs officer was dispatched to Courtland on a report of three males possibly smoking marijuana in a vehicle. On arrival the three males, two 18 year olds and one 19 year old were identifed. Two pipes with marijuana residue were located - one on the 19 year old and another in a bag (that he was holding for a friend). The 19 year old was cited for possession and released on scene., 02/16/12 1820hrs disturbance at the Town Laundromat. A male reported he went to the laundromat to ask for money and a 70 year old pushed him out of the business. The male was advised not to return there, or any businesses in that strip. At 2011hrs EPD responded to a disturbance in th 1300 block of E 343St involving this same male who advised another male was at his home asking for money from him. The 25 year old from Willoughby was sent on his way., 02/16/12 1738hrs welfare check on a child on Parkway was conducted after receiving a complaint that the partent is smoking crack in the home. There was no evidence of drug usage at the residence or danger to the child., 02/16/12 1348hrs EPD assited with a custody dispute - a boyfriend was refusing to return the child to the mother. There is no court order in place. The father was called and EPD was able to work out an agreement for the two parents., 02/16/12 1133hrs a resident of Eastlake Terrance Apts reported a truck pulled to the back of a store and a male exited the vehicle and put a hole in the rear of the building. After locating the truck it was learned the male was hired to knock down the business., 02/16/12 0123hrs a vehicle speeding on Vine St turned onto E 357St. The vehicle attempted to pull into a driveway in 1300 block of E 357St. It missed the driveway, went through the ditchline, down the drive striking the home. The 29 year old male from Cleveland Hts was taken into custody for OIV, driving under suspension, open container, reckless operation and a felony drug warrant out of LCSO. The house suffered minimal damage and the vehicle received damage to the front fender and mirror. He is being held with no bond on LCSO's warrant., 02/16/12 0323hrs domestic disturbance in the 36000 block of Garrett's Cove between a husband and wife. The male was gone upon our arrival. It was determined it was a verbal argument, the male threw household items in the backyard and flipped over furniture in the home -, 02/15/12 2054hrs EPD responded to the Imperial Super Buffet for five males that attempted to dine and dash. On arrival four the males had left the restaurant, one of the males was detained by a worker. The 15 year old male called a parent who responded to pay the tab., 02/15/12 1721hrs a home in the 1200 block of Hulett was shot with a paintball sometime during the day while the resident was at work., 02/15/12 1641hrs burglary report taken in the 200 block of Courtland. Investigaton continuing, 02/15/12 1632hrs EPD was contacted by Clermont County Sheriff's office requesting assistance attempting to serve a warrant on a 53 year old male on Galalina. The warrant for a 15 day commit for nonsupport was served, the male arrested and custody turned over to the Sheriff's., 02/14/12 1213hrs a resident in the 1000 block of E 337St reported the theft of jewelry and other misc. items from her home. The homeowner believes the theft occurred between 0800hrs and 1200hrs on tuesday., 02/15/12 0800hrs the School Resourse Officer patroling the halls at North High could smell the odor of marijuana in the building. Two males and one female student admitted to smoking in the hall. They were suspended from school for 10 days, which can be reduced to 5 days if they attend drug counseling. The male who had acutal possession of the marijuana was arrested for possession and will be recommended to our juvenile diversion program in lieu of court., 0038hrs a caller advised there was a suspicious looking male walking on Erie Rd wearing all black and carrying a black garbage bag. The 22 year old resident was located and identified. He was walking home from his place of employment in Willoughby., 02/14/12 2256hrs a vehicle was clocked at 90MPH on SR 91 N/B then turned onto Roberts Rd. The vehicle was stopped on Vegas. When asked for identification the 50 year old resident handed the officer his cell phone. The male advised he had "too much to drink" and "you got me." The male, who was unable to stand on his own, was taken into custody for OVI and held until sober or bond could be met., 02/14/12 1821hrs report of several juveniles inside of the paper recycling bins at Longfellow school smoking pot. Officer was unable to locate any juveniles in the area., 02/14/12 2123hrs another hit-skip - SR 91 at Curtis Bl. A vehicle reportedly made a turn onto SR 91 against a red light at Curtis in front of oncoming traffic causing an accident. The suspect vehicle was struck but continued on it's way. The victim vehicle had moderate front end damage. Investigation continuing., 02/14/12 1628hrs a resident at Eastview Meadows reports someone unknown used her identity to secure an online loan. This was discovered after debt collectors began contacting her. Report taken., 02/13/12 1713hrs hit-skip accident occured in the area of SR 91 and SR 2. A gray Chevy Impala, partial registration FZP, driven by a white male, age between 18-20 years, tall, skinny with very short hair struck a vehicle from behind pushing it into the vehicle in front of it. Anyone with any information is asked to call EPD., 02/13/12 1935hrs a driver on Vine St approaching SR 91 was struck and the suspect vehicle fled the scene. The victim vehicle followed the suspect vehicle and obtained a license plate. A short time later the driver was located - it was a borrowed car - the 27 year old male was cited for assuring clear distance, hit-skip and driving under suspension., 02/13/12 1925hrs complaint of a white male approaching vehicles stopped in traffic on SR 91 at Vine St and asking for money. Officers checked the area but could not locate the male., 02/13/12 1526hrs domestic situation between a husband and wife in the 900 block of Quentin Rd. The husband reportedly was throwing his wife's belongings out the window. The domestic was verbal only, the two were advised of their options., 02/13/12 1412hrs EPD assisted Wiloughby Court with a forcible eviction on Laura Dr. On arrival the residents gathered some belongings and were escorted off the property., By News-Herald staff
Editor@News-Herald.com
@NHCrimeandFire

A 36-year-old Mayfield man who was shot at an Eastlake shooting range has been upgraded to fair condition at MetroHealth Medical Center in Cleveland.

Anthony Crowe was flown to the hospital Jan. 24 in critical condition after being shot in his right side, near the abdomen, at Sherwin Shooting Sports on Vine Street.

Anthony Robinson, 36, of Painesville, was attempting to clear his weapon when it fired, police said.

The round passed through a shooting stall wall and struck Crowe.

Police said the men were acquaintances.

Police Lt. Bill Gutowski said Monday that no charges had been filed, and that the incident remains under investigation., 02/13/12 0008hrs disturbance at Manor Park Apts - on arrival a 45 year old female and a 47 year old male were arguing over a table. They were advised of the complaint and were working on a solution for living arrangements., 02/12/12 2302hrs officer on patrol noticed a truck that was low to the ground, obviously carrying something heavy. The vehicle was stopped, the 19 year old resident and 20 year old resident of Willoughby admitted to stealing scrap from a location in Willoughby. The two were taken into custody by WPD to face charges., 02/12/12 2101hrs  officers were dispatched to the Off Shore Bar for an intoxicated female causing a problem in the bar refusing to leave. On arrival the 43 year old Mentor resident was standing outside. She was run through the system for wants and had two active warrants, one from Willoughby PD and a felony warrant from CCSO. She was arrested and custody transfered to WPD on their warrant., 02/12/12 1457hrs a 31 year old male resident reports he is being stalked by a female. It was determined it was not a stalking issue, he is in a relationship with two females. It was discovered when he left his phone out and one of the girls found the other female's information on the cell. The female was advised to return the complainant's phone and to stop contacting the other female involved., 02/12/12 0511hrs domestic disturbance call at Vine East Apts that reportedly was going on for an hour.  On arrival the 23 year old female and 26 year old male were calling it a night. Officers determined it was verbal only. No report, 02/12/12 0433hrs disturbance in the 1400 block of E 330St. A 23 year old female, the ex-girlfriend of the 27 year old male resident, was upset over a current girlfriend being at the home. The 23 year old was sent on her way., 02/11/12 1801hrs complaint of a snowplow pushing snow into the street clearing a lot on Lakeland. The driver was warned and removed the snow., 02/11/12 1708hrs a snowplow driver reported suspicious activity behind the Surfside Towers. On arrival officers checked the vehicle in question occupied by a 16 year old male and a 17 year old male. The two were cleaning a bag of marijuana of it's stems and seeds. The marijuana was located in the vehicle. One juvenile was arrested, cited for possession and released to his parents. A short time later the juveniles came back to EPD with their parents. The juvenile that was not cited earlier relayed his role in the possession and he too was cited for possession., 02/11/12 1017hrs EPD assisted EFD for a vehicle that shifted out of gear and fell on a male on Lakeshore Bl. The male was extracted from under the truck at 1029hrs. He was treated and released from Lake West., 02/11/12 0943hrs a resident in the 34000 block of Roberts Rd reports his garage was broken into by persons unknown forcing the windows. Once inside they damaged his vehicle. Report taken., 02/11/12 0438hrs a 49 year old male was arrested on burglary and assault charges after he kicked in a door in the trailer park and assaulted a male resident there., 02/10/12 1520hrs EPD assisted LC Children's services in the 1300 block of E 359St. During a consent search of the home a 45 year old male was discovered hiding in an attic. The male had an active warrant with LSCO and was taken into custody on their warrant., 02/10/12 1334hrs a caller in the 1500 block of E 337St reported a teenage male sitting by a garage of a vacant house. The male was located, tranported back to NHS and cited for being in possession of tabacco products., 02/10/12 1209hrs EFD responded to the 100 block of Plymouth for water pouring out of a home. Entry was made into the home and water was shut off at the source. There was extensive damage done to the home., 02/10/12 0922hrs aggravated burglary report taken in the 1200 block of E 351St. The residence was entered sometime between 0700hrs and time of call. Investigation continuing., 02/10/12 0818hrs harassing communications complaint in the 35700 block of Stevens. The caller reported her ex-husband's girlfriend and her daughter harassing her - there was no physical confrontation and no threats made to the complainant. All parties spoken to and advised to stop their behavior., 02/10/12 0710hrs unwanted guest at the Vine East Apts - a female let the father of the her child spend the night and now wanted him removed for reportedly damaging and "trashing" the apartment. Male was outside on arrival and was advsied not to return per complainant., 02/09/12 2037hrs report of an accident at SR 91 and SR 2. A vehicle was struck from behind, no injuries, however the 29 year old male from Timberlake - who was at fault for the MVA - was taken into custody and charged with OVI., 02/09/12 1551hrs domestic disturance call answered at Sussex Apts. On arrival the male half of the argument had already left. It was a problem involving visitation, apparently the male was early for the child exchange., 02/09/12 1401hrs EPD attempted to locate a 4 wheeler riding on Starboard based on a complaint received. The 4 wheeler was not located., 02/09/12 1356hrs EPD responded to Vine East Apts for a reported domestic. The argument was verbal only - a 28 year old male was throwing property around the apartment and the 32 year old female in return broke his flat screen tv. Neither party requested any further police involvement. The male half of this dispute left for the day., 02/09/12 1312hrs a resident from the Willowood Apts reported another scam attempt - calls from Vegas saying she won the lottery AND a new car. She was given advice., 02/09/12 1305hrs a resident of Willowick turned in a man-purse she found near SR 2. The owner, a resident, was contacted and reunited with his property., 02/09/12 0522hrs disturbance at Eastlake Terrace Apts. A 18 year old male was sleeping in the laundry room at the apartments. Another tenant walked in on him and got angry. The 18 year old is a resident at the apartments and said he did not want to wake his roommates so he was "hanging out in the laundry area".  Both males returned to their apartments., 02/08/12 1921hrs EPD responded to the 100 block of Paxton for a criminal damaging report. The caller reported she gave the resident a ride home from a  Mentor bar on his request. She asked him for gas money for the ride as she responded from her home in Mentor to give him the ride. An argument ensued ending when the 48 year old male was arrested for breaking the caller's windshield by puching it with his fist. He was booked in on criminal damaging charges and will be held until sober/arraignment or bond can be met., 02/08/12 1823hrs disturbance answered in the 1100 block of E 357St where a 29 year old intoxicated female assaulted her boyfriend. On arrival she had already left the scene. Within moments there was a disturbance in the 900 block of Center, involving this same female. The female had entered the home, a friend of family, got into an argument with her 9 year old daughter assaulting her. The 21 year old homeowner  intervened on the juveniles behalf and was punched by the 29 year old. On arrival the intoxicated female was found outside the residence damaging property. She was taken into custody and charged with domestic violence, assault, and disorderly intoxication. She remained uncooperative and disruptive at the PD., 02/08/12 1611hrs a 26 year old male resident called 9-1-1 to report he had just been assaulted by a 31 year old relative. The caller reportedly was stopped at a stop sign on E 349St when his cousin pulled up in a vehicle, exited and struck him in the face causing a facial injury. After the report was taken the victim declined to pursue any charges and wanted to handle it through family., 02/08/12 1107hrs a resident in the 100 block of St Lawrence reproted their home was struck by orange paintballs in the early evening hours on 02/07/12. There was no damage to the home and the paint was able to be removed., During the month of January EPD generated 172 incident reports and 276 supplementary reports. There were 76 misdemeanor, 11 felony arrests and 12 impaired drivers removed from our roadways. Totals do not include other minor traffic violations., 02/08/12 0254hrs officers assisted a 21 year old female in the 1300 block of E 351St enter her home after she accidently locked herself out when she stepped out to smoke- a small child was sleeping inside. Entry gained, 02/08/12 0233hrs officer on routine patrol checked on an occupied truck in the 1400 block of E 361St. The male from California checked okay, he was sleeping in his truck for night waiting to get work done on it in the morning., 02/07/12 2136hrs received a call of a barking dog on Wicklow Dr in the woods that appeared to be tied to a tree. The officer untangled the dog from the tree and reunited him with his owner via his dog license., 02/07/12 1811hrs EPD assisted Timberlake PD, our neighbors to the north, with a traffic stop turned foot pursuit. For more details see post on Timberlake PD's FB page...., 02/07/12 1752hrs daytime burglary occurred (sometime after 0800hrs) in the 300 block of Parkway. Evidence collected, investigation continuing., 02/07/12 1552hrs welfare check on a male passed out in his vehicle at Circle K - the 30 year old male from Navarre, Ohio checked okay, he was not feeling well and was resting., 02/07/12 1551hrs an unsatisfied customer, a 68 year old female from Euclid, at Walmart was removed from the property after arguing with employees. She was advised not to return without a police escort., 02/07/12 1351hrs a student being disruptive in North High School was searched and found to have a knife on his person. Although there were no threats made with the weapon he was suspended for 10 days per school policy., 02/07/12 1133hrs EPD assisted Eastlake Middle School locating a student who has been truant from school for weeks. The student's mother is currently incarcerated and the guardian has not been taking her to school. Guardian advised of ramifications., 02/06/12 1250hrs a 15 year old was arrested at NHS after his mother turned him in for having stolen property. The juvenile was cooperative and turned over the IPod he had in his possession. The theft reportedly occured in the gym locker room. We are attempting to locate the owner of the IPod to return their property, it was not reported stolen. The juvenile involved will be recommended for the Juvenile Diversion program at EPD., 02/06/12 1224hrs a 24 year old caller reported he was assaulted in the laundromat on Vine St by a 70 year old male. The dispute was over money, neither party wanted to pursue charges. They were sent on their way., 02/06/12 1206hrs theft of a catalytic converter report taken from Dover Apts and one attempted theft of a converter., 02/06/12 1145hrs EPD and EFD responded to an accident on E 361St for a vehicle that drove off the roadway and crashed in a front yard. The driver had a medical emergency, bystanders were attempting to remove the male from his vehicle. The male was transported to the hospital by EFD., 02/06/12 0937hrs EFD responded to the 1200 block of E 340St for a dryer fire. The dryer was removed from the house and the house was ventilated., 02/06/12 0841hrs welfare check on a male in a van near the RXR tracks that appeared to be sleeping. The male, not sleeping, was a new employee of the RXR. He was shown were workers normally park as to not disrupt traffic., 02/06/12 0656hrs a passerby reported the flag at Eastlake Middle School was flying upside down. Officer responded to the school and advised the custodian., 02/06/12 0231hrs officers responded to the 1300 block of E 343St for an intoxicated female knocking on doors asking to use the bathroom. The 29 year old female, same one as listed at the Eastlake Tavern, was located on the front steps of a home, the homeowner did not know the female. She was taken into custody for disorderly intoxication, cited and held until sober., 02/06/12 0048hrs EPD responded to the Eastlake Tavern for a female being disruptive in the bar. On arrival the 29 year old resident was in the parking lot yelling apparently about a dispute with another female in the bar. She eventually calmed down and remained with friends., 02/05/12 1607hrs a resident of Lakeside Estates reported the catalytic converter was removed from her vehicle sometime after midnight. Report taken, 02/05/12 1646hrs EPD assisted Wickliffe PD involving a hit skip that occured in their city in the 300 block of E 331St. The resident's girlfriend's daughter took the vehicle without his permission and was involved in the accident, witnessed by an off duty officer. Investigation continuing, 02/05/12 1557hrs two juvenile males connected a chain to the gas meter and connected it to another pole near a garbage dumpster at the old KMart building. The two were located, parents contacted to respond to the scene to get their children - they were advised they are no longer allowed on the property and will be charged with trespassing if seen., 02/04/12 1406hrs EPD responded to Maple Park apts for the theft of a catalytic converter from a vehicle. Report taken., 02/05/12 0922hrs theft from vehicle report taken at Manor Park Apts. The resident advised her vehicle was entered sometime overnight and a GPS and MP3 player removed., 02/04/12 2041hrs disturbance at the Radisson Hotel bar for a eamle that was angry with other guests kicking bar stools and cursing at everyone. The female was gone upon arrival - EPD was called back to the hotel at 2155hrs for the same complaint with the same 24 year old female from Rock Creek. She was advised to leave with her friend and not to return - 02/05/12 1936hrs we again responded for the same type of complaint for the same women - she was transported to Lake West for a mental evaluation., 02/04/12 1620hrs a resident reported seeing two males climbing to the roof of the old KMart on Vine St. Upon arrival the two males attempted to flee from officers but were apprehended. One 18 year old resident was arrested for criminal trespass and held for bond. A 15 year old Wlby resident was also charged with trespassing. Charge to be forwarded to Juvenicle Court - he was in the Juvenile Diversion Program with other charges which will now be forwarded as well., 02/04/12 1500hrs disturbance at Eastlake Terrace Apts between parents and their 15 year old son - it was verbal only over a disagreement over the juvenile's friend. It was agreed upon the juvenile would go walk around ourside to cool off for a while., 02/04/12 0755hrs a resident from the 100 block of Traymore reports her rear vehicle window was shattered sometime over night. It appears to be from a pellet or BB., 02/04/12 0325hrs a vehicle stopped for a speeding violation on SR 2. With the cruiser behing the 26 year old female's vehicle, she placed the car into reverse striking the cruiser. The officer approached her, she stated her dashboard lights did not work, placed the car in drive, then reverse striking the vehicle again. She was arrested after failing field sobriety testing...., 02/04/12 0108hrs loud party complaint in the 33000 block of Willowick Dr. Homeowner was advised of complaint, smokers were sent to the garage to smoke and the music was turned down., 02/03/12 2148hrs officers responded to the Off Shore Bar for a female passed out in the foyer.  Patrons advised the 53 year old female came into the bar already intoxicated and was refused service. She sat on a bench and passed out. Officers were unable to contact a family member to care for her. She was carried to the cruiser and transported to EPD where she had to be carried to a cell. She was cited for disorderly intoxication and held until sober and able to care for herself., 02/03/12 2040hrs a 21 year old male from the 1300 block of E 345St was arrested for a probation violation.  Original charge was for assault. He was held for court set bond which was posted a short time later., 02/03/121747hrs officer conducting selective enforcement on Erie Rd stopped a vehicle traveling 44MPH in the posted 25MPH zone. Along with the traffic cite the 16 year old was arrested for possession of marijuana and his 16 year old passenger was charged with drug paraphernalia. They were refered to the Juvenile Diversion Program., 02/03/12 1000hrs the owner of the former Delgrosso's beverage store reported an attempted B&E and criminal damage to the property. No entry was made into the building, however two sewer grates were taken from the parking lot of the property., 02/03/12 1301hrs disturbance between two sisters in the 800 block of Stevens. Verbal arguement, one sister struck the other sister's vehicle as she was pulling out of the driveway. Parties separated, no injuries, no damage, no report., 02/03/12 1157hrs disturbance in the 800 block of E 331St. A 29 year old male and 29 year old female were arguing over property as one of the two is moving out. Another family member showed up to aid in the move, problem solved, 02/03/12 1151hrs complaint of a 20 year old female that was being physical with her grandfather in the 34100 block of Roberts Rd, punching him in the face. There were no signs of physical injury, grandpa did not want to pursue charges. The female was removed from the property and advised not to return., 02/03/12 0618hrs EPD assisted EFD at the scene of an early morning garage fire in the 1500 block of E 337St. Residents and nearby neighbors were evacuated. The garage was a total loss. Fire Investigation unit to determine the cause of the fire., 02/02/12 2033hrs domestic disturbanc in the 1200 block of E 342St between a 34 year old male and 31 year old female. Argument was verbal only, female half of the dispute agreed to leave for the evening., 02/02/12 1927hrs a female resident came to the lobby to report harassment via facebook from several different people. All parties involved were contacted and agreed to leave each other alone., 02/02/12 1857hrs officers responded for a welfare check on a 9-1-1 hang up call in the 1200 block of E 343St. A female advised her 12 year old daughter was "throwing a temper tantrum". Per the mother's request officers spoke with the juvenile., 02/02/12 1704hrs officer on patrol observed a vehicle run a red light at Lakeland and E 361St. The 25 year old male driver was stopped and advised of the violation. A check of his driving status showed the driver was under four different court suspensions and also had a warrant for his arrest through this department for failing to appear for another traffic violation.  He was taken into custody, vehicle towed and was held on court set bond., 02/02/12 1700hrs a male student from NHS reported the theft of his basketball shoes from a locked gym locker. The shoes are size 13, 2011 Nike hyperdunks, black with blue orthopedic inserts. School surveillance video to be reviewed., 02/02/12 1356hrs officers responded to the Ranch Manor Apts for a disturbance between a 65 year old male and a 47 year old male. At the time of the call both males were separated. Upon speaking with both parties this dispute was over money and both were mutual comantants. Neither male wished to pursue charges - one of the males is in the process of moving to another city., UPDATE *****01/30/12 1050hrs report taken at NHS reference a student being threatened by another student. The student making the threats was given zero tolerance - if any contact what so ever is made with the victim inside or outside of school he will be charged, no second warning. 
**As promised by the School Resource Officer, this 15 year old bully was arrested on 02/02/12 for harassing another male student. He was suspended from school for 10 days, faces expulsion and will face the juvenile court for disorderly conduct on school grounds charges., UPDATE* ARRESTED - A 22 year old male was arrested from the Maple Park Apts in connection to this investigation. He was charged with one felony count of disrupting public service, theft, aggavated menacing and asault. He was found hiding in a closet from officers in one of the victim female's closet. He is being held on court set bond until arraignment. ****01/28/12 0242hrs disturbance at Maple Park Apts involving the same male as the disturbance at Eastlake Tavern. This time he allegedly assaulted two females and took one of their cell phones when they attempted to contact police. On arrival the male had already fled the scene. One 21 year old female victim was transported to Lake West for treatment to her visible injuries the other female was uncooperative with the investigation. Investigation continues..., 02/02/12 0854hrs construction workers blocking driveways and parked on both sides of the street and causing traffic problems in the 900 block of E 347St were advised to move the vehicles to the proper side of the road and not to block any residential drives., 02/01/12 A 15year old female was arrested at NHS for stealing money from another student's purse - The officer was able to view video of the area where the purse was located and catch the thief. In addition to being suspended from school she will have to face her charge in juvenile court., 02/01/12 1848hrs callers and an officer heard about 10 gunshots near Timberlake on Lakeshore. Officers searched the area but did not locate anyone/anything., 02/01/12 1804hrs a caller in the 35000 block of Reeves Rd called to have a 30 year old female from Painesville removed from the residence who was causing a problem. Officers spoke with all involved parties and the female was sent on her way., 02/01/12 1712rhs theft of a cable receiver reported in the 1300 block of E 340St. The theft was commited by a friend of the homeowner's son. The male was contacted and advised to return the cable box or face charges. He soon after arrived at the station with the box and it was returned to the owner., 02/01/12 A 25 year old female resident turned herself in on the felony warrant obtained for her arrest in connection to passing a counterfeit $50 bill at Li Garden on Vine St on 01/17/12.  She was arraigned and released on court set bond., 02/01/12 1643hrs grand theft of a 2007 F250 Ford truck reported from the parking lot of Astro Model on Curtis Blvd. Report taken, 02/01/12 1525hrs males dining at the Imperial Super Buffet were told by employess they owed additonal money for food they were trying to take with them upon leaving. Another customer tryied to intervene and was struck by one the males. On arrival the males paid their portion of the bill and were advsied they were no longer welcome at the restaurant., 02/01/12 1259hrs a caller advised he was apporached and asked if he wanted to buy studio/entertainment equipment in the Vineyards plaza. The two males, a 31 year old and 32 year old from Brunswick were able to provide receipts for the products and said they were attempting to sell the items for a small profit. They were sent on their way., 02/01/12 a 29 year old female, now residing in Madison, was arrested on felony theft charges stemming from a theft of prescription pills from a home on Guilbert in August of 2011 where she formally lived. She is being held on court set bond of $554.00., 01/31/12 1929hrs a resident from Shelton Bl reported she purchased a Kindle Fire  off of Ebay. When she contacted Amozon Customer Service she was advised the Kindle had been reported as stolen. Through her research it was discovered the Kindle was taken during a burglary in Pennsylvania.  Report taken for documentation for the Pennsylvania Police Department investigating the burglary. The Kindle was held for evidence pending the outcome of their investigation., 01/31/12 1737hrs burglary report taken on Highland Dr. Person(s) unknown entered the residence sometime during the daytime hours and removed valuables from the home. Investigation continuing., 01/31/12 1659hrs complaiant advised when she returned to her vehicle in the parking lot of Walmart the car in front of her was sitting on top of her bumper. The vehicle owner was located and the cars were separated. There was no damage to either vehicle and both were happy to go their own way., 01/31/12 0958hrs EPD provided an escort for a male to retrieve his personal belongings on Wrenwood. The male was asked to leave the property by the homeowner on Sunday. He was advised not to return or he will face criminal trespassing charges., 01/30/12 suspicious vehicle complaint in the parking lot of Drug Mart. Two 20 year old males occupants of the vehicle were cited for possession of marijuana and released., 01/30/12 2038hrs complainant came to EPD to report her ex-boyfriend is harassing her via the internet and text messages. Officer spoke with the boyfriend and advised him not to have any contact with female. Several compromising pictures of the complainant were also deleted., 01/30/12 1636hrs a resident from Ridgewood reported he received a letter from the IRS stating that his 2011 taxes had been filed and were pending review.  He had not completed his taxes yet, The IRS advised him the return had been submitted electronically.  Although some information provided to the IRS was accurate other information was not. An IRS identity theft affidavit form and a police report were forwarded to the IRS., 01/30/12 1050hrs report taken at NHS reference a student being threatened by another student. The student making the threats was given zero tolerance - if any contact what so ever is made with the victim inside or ourside of school he will be charged, no second warning., 01/30/12 1053hrs EPD assisted with a custody matter. A female advised she let the father of her son take him for a week visit and he refuses to tell her where he and the son are. Contact was made with the father, address given to the female and pick up arrangements were made., 01/30/12 0856hrs a resident from Garrett's Cove received what they believed to be a scam letter from the Illuminating Company asking for their banking information. The Illimuninating Company was called, it was asking the customer to call to verify information for automatic payments the customer requested., 01/29/12 1553hrs Epd units responded to the 33000 block of Kenilworth for a vehicle striking a house. On arrival officer found the 85 year old driver sitting in the in the driveway. She stated that she didn't know that the road ended there and that she was trying to get home via Lakeshore. She also stated that she doesn't do a lot of driving anymore but her friend that drives her was not available today so she drove herself. She drove thru a "t" intersection, drove into a small ditch, over the lawn and sideswiped the house. The the outside cable box was knocked off and several feet of siding was damaged before coming to a stop in the driveway.
 She was cited for failure to control and advised that EPD would be requesting a driver license retest for her., 01/28/12 A 40 year old resident of Willoughby was arrested on two felony warrants, theft of checks and forgery steming from an incident in November 2011. The male is accused of stealing and cashing the checks from an 83 year old resident. He was unable to post bond and was transported to Lake County Jail due to a medical condition. He will be transported back to EPD for arraignment., 01/29/12 1121hrs a resident from the 900 block of Center Rd reported the rear driver side window of his vehicle was broken out. It could not be determined exactly what broke the window but it may have been caused from a rock in the roadway., 01/29/12 0311hrs a female visiting a resident in the 1200 block of E 357St had the front windshield of her vehicle shattered by an unknown object. report taken, 01/29/12 0142hrs a female motorist driving on SR 2 noticed a female in the median of the freeway and stopped to offer assistance. EPD responded to their location. The 28 year old female from Willoughby was an alleged domestic violence victim. She reports her husband injuried her and forced her from the vehicle while on the freeway. The female was taken to Lake West for treatment of her injuries. Willowick PD later located the 29 year old male in their city. He was arrested and charged with domestic violence., 01/28/12 1638hrs unwanted guest complaint at Willowood Apts. The female caller stated when she got out of the shower her ex-boyfrined was in the apartment. The male was gone upon our arrival. It was found the male still had a key to the apartment and returned to pick up belongings leaving the key. The complainant wanted no further police involvement at this time. She was advised to get her locks changed., 01/28/12 1412hrs found property report - a duffle bag filled with misc items was found on Lakeland Bl. Identify the bag and items to reclaim at the station., 01/28/12 0951hrs officer responding to a disabled vehicle complaint on SR 2 near SR 91 found his vehicle also disabled after being struck by another driver, a 24 year old female from Willoughby who lost control of her car. The unoccupied disabled vehicle was also struck by the driver and had to be towed from the scene. the female driver was cited for failure to control. No injuries....., 01/28/12 0411hrs a theft of tools from a vehicle reported at the Vine East Apts. Report taken, 01/28/12 0242hrs disturbance at Maple Park Apts involving the same male as the disturbance at Eastlake Tavern. This time he allegedly assaulted two females and took one of their cell phones when they attempted to contact police. On arrival the male had already fled the scene. One 21 year old female victim was transported to Lake West for treatment to her visible injuries the other female was uncooperative with the investigation.  Investigation continues..., 01/28/12 0228hrs officers responded to a disturbance behind Eastlake Tavern beteen a 25 year old female from Ashtabula and a 22 year old male from Painesville. It was a verbal argument with a little pushing and shoving, neither party wanted further police involvement. Both were sent on their way., 01/27/12 2254hrs an officer traveling S/B on SR 91 observed a vehicle on Roberts Rd enter the intersection of SR 91 and faliled to yield to the officer almost crashing into the cruiser. The officer turned around to make a traffic stop and saw the vehicle turn onto E 347St. A check of the driveways located the vehicle with the driver still in the car. The male, did not live on E 347St nor know the residents who lived there. He was cited for driving under suspension and duty to yield, his vehicle was towed from the scene. The 21 year old resident was transported to his home released on an unassured appearance bond., 01/27/12 1832hrs welfare check on a male "not moving" in a parked vehicle in the parking lot of Walmart. The 67 year old male from Cleveland checked out okay, he fell asleep while waiting for his wife to exit the store., 01/27/12 1643hrs a verbal dispute call in front of Circle K was between a 48 year old female from Willoughby, her 8 year old son and a 48 year old male from Cleveland. On arrival officer spoke to the female who was waiting for the bus who advised it was an argument between the two - the male left walking on Lakeshore. The female had a warrant from Euclid PD - per Euclid PD she was advised to take care of the warrant and released., 01/27/12 1552hrs a bus driver reported two juveniles in the 1300 block of Waverly jumped in front of the bus she was driving and mooned her. A check of the area did not locate the males., 01/27/12 1212hrs a pole was on fire in the 1800 block of E 337St. The top third of the pole is burned off - it maintains al lot of power for the substation. That section of road was shut down. CEI arrived on scene for repairs and by 1400hrs the road was re-opened., 01/27/12 0827hrs EPD responded to SR 2 near Vine St for a vehicle into the wall. On arrival debris was located at the scene but the vehicle was not located., 01/27/12 0114hrs a vehicle operating without headlights was stopped this morning at SR 91 and Vine. The driver was advised for the reason of the stop.  After trying several switches and knobs the operator finally found how to operate the lights. When asked for his license the officer was handed a receipt, then finally the entire wallet "to get it out for him."  The 54 year old male was taken into custody for suspicion of driving under the influence and lighted lights required.  He is being held pending the posting of bond., 01/26/12 1817hrs a female reported her child was being abused by the child's father, coming home with bruises after visitation.  An interview with the child revealed his dad gets angry with him when he uses "F bombs" (except this small lad actually used the word). There was no visible bruising observed in the areas that were pointed out by his parent. Report taken, 01/26/12 1416hrs trespassing/theft report taken from the 35000 block of Lakeland Bl. A 25 year old male is accused of entering the property and removing tools after he was advised not to enter onto the premises., 01/25/12 2325hrs a 24 year old male was apprended by EPD hiding under a pine tree in a backyard in the 33000 block of Willowick Dr. The male was wanted by LCSO for escape from custody., 01/26/12 0220hrs a vehicle was clocked at 41MPH in 25MPH on Vine St. Officers attempted to stop the vehicle using lights, sirens and spotlights. The vehicle continued to Willowick Dr (from SR 91) and finally stopped near E 310St.  The 33 year old female from Chagrin Falls was arrested on the suspicion of driving under the influence, fleeing and eluding (1.1 miles) and speed. She was placed in a cell until sober and bond can be met., 01/26/12 0139hrs a vehicle traveling a slow rate of speed was stopped on Cardinal by Reeves Rd. The 20 year old male was arrested on the suspicion of driving under the influence after failing field sobriety testing. When he was checked for wants/warrants there was a felony warrant our of LCSO for trafficking in marijuana. He was being held for arraignment and will be transported to LCSO afterwards on their holder., 01/25/12 1649hrs in the 900 block of Erie Rd a male, last known address in Cleveland, with a white beard was holding a sign "I am diabetic will take any work" was checked for wants/warrants and advised to leave the area., 01/25/12 1419hrs hit-skip MVA - a vehicle traveling northbound on SR 91 was rear ended by a male driving a beige van. The male approached the female, asked if she was okay, then returned to his vehicle and drove away. The male is described  white, medium build, gray hair and glasses. There should be minor damage to the front bumper of the beige van., MOST WANTED: Mark Bonnay has been added to our Most Wanted site for Bond Revoction for failing to comply with Bond requirements for Domestic Violation. Find him and other wanted persons at: http://www.lakecountyohio.gov/MostWanted/tabid/1242/Default.aspx, 01/25/12 0245hrs while an EPD officer was on a traffic stop he observed a vehicle driving W/B in the E/B lanes of SR 2. The vehicle got itself turned around, going the correct direction but still driving erratically. The vehicle was stopped at SR 2 at Lost Nation Rd - Willoughby Pd was advsied and later arrested the 48 year old male for suspicion of OVI., 01/25/12 0216hrs loud music complaint in the 1200 block of E 340St. The 29 year old male was advised of the complaint, he was hooking up a stereo system and agreed to shut it down for the night., 01/24/12 2303hrs distrubance in the 33000 block of Robers Rd between a 36 year old male and 33 year old female over a phone. She was given her phone back and decided she'd like the male to stay for the night., 01/24/12 2203hrs disturbance between two parties in the hallway at Eastlake Terrace Apts. The two were separated and each went back to their respecitve apartment for the evening., 01/24/12 1937hrs caught on video was a female walking into Walmart with only purse. She was later observed walking to the service desk to return a vacuum sweeper she had picked up off the shelf. The 41 year old female from Painesville was arrested, transported back to EPD awaiting bond or arraignment., 01/24/12 1505hrs EPD assisted a child that was dropped off by the bus then remembered it was "a latchkey day" for her. While on scene a parent arrived at the location., 01/24/12 0729hrs a motorist reported something fell off the back of a truck and struck her vehicle causing it to become disabled. Officers were able to remove a tarp that was caught underneath her vehicle - no damage to the car and she was able to drive away., I would like to commend the members of this police department for the work that was done to secure a conviction on both Christine Metter and Al Zombory.  On May 27th our department received information that individuals were attempting to hire a person to commit a murder.  Our investigation and operation to ensure that the victim stayed safe and evidence was gathered for the prosecution of both individuals.  
  Once the arrest was made the investigation continued with the help of the Lake County Prosecutors office.  During the following months Det Bowersock, Lisa Neroda and Taylir Linden worked to obtain records which would prove to be an important part of the prosecution.  This was followed by hours of interviews of countless witnesses.
  At the end of this process was an 8 day trial which ultimately led to the conviction of Christine Metter.  I believe it is the work that was done during this trial that made the difference for Mr Zombory to plea to the charge.  Both parties are set for sentencing within the next 4 weeks and can face up to 10 years.
  A final “job well done” to Det Bowersock and the rest of the Eastlake Police Department for responding to effectively and effectively to this investigation and continuing the high level of professionalism that has been the reputation of this department.

Chief Larry Reik, At approximately 1530hrs 01/24/11 36 year old Anthony Crowe, a Mayfield resident was shot by 36 year old Anthony Robinson of Painesville.  Both men, who are acquaintances, were practicing shooting at Sherwin Shooting Sports (33140 Vine St) when Robinson was allegedly attempting to clear his weapon when it fired. The round passed through one of the shooting stall walls where Crowe had been standing.  The .357 caliber round struck Crowe in his right side near the abdominal area. Crowe was attended to by EFD who then transported him to Lake Hospital Systems in Willoughby prior to being life flighted to Metro in Cleveland. Crowes medical status is currently unknown due to surgery at time of news release. This incident remains under investigation by the Eastlake Police., 01/23/12 2332hrs loud noise complaint at Dover Place Apts - officer located source of the noise.....a washing machine. Complainant advised, 01/23/12 2154hrs complaint of a male that may be trespassing in a parked vehicle in the parking lot of Sussex Apts. On arrival officer located the male urinating next to a dumpster.  The 27 year old Eastlake resident was soon after taken into custody for public intoxication.  During pat down prior to arrest an "one-hitter" with marijuana residue was located on his person. Officers were unable to contact the owner of the vehicle - follow up invest continuing, 01/23/12 2045hrs harassing communications complaint taken at the Vine East Apts between a female and her estranged husband - harassment was mutual between the two - both were advised to stop texting each other., 01/23/12 2223hrs loud music complaint at the Chagrin Trailer Park - the 46 year old was advised of the complaint and agreed to use his headphones., 01/23/12 2034hrs EPD received a tip concerning a 25 year old female residing in the city that was wanted on felony drug charges from Cuyahoga County S.O. and  misdemeanor charges with Chardon PD.  Officers responded to her residence on Parkway, she was taken into custody without incident and turned over to Chardon PD., 01/23/12 0827hrs a male in a older model blue chevy truck placed rugs and windows on the treelawn of a resident in the 36100 block of Stevens without permission (garbage day). The truck was not located - the male can be facing charges of illegal dumping when located, 01/22/12 1634hrs theft of gasoline reported at Surfside Sunoco for $27.94.  The vehicle owner was contacted and the 76 year old male returned to pay for the gas -there was some sort of miscommunication or misunderstanding., 01/22/12 1548hrs EFD rescued a puppy that fell down a sewer in the 400 block of Erie RD - puppy was unijured, 01/22/12 1507hrs a resident on Reeves Rd reported there were two cars in a driveway of a vacant house. The vehicles belonged to a real estate person showing the property that did not advise the proeprty owner they would be there., 01/22/12 1404hrs criminal damage report taken on the 1200 block of E 357St. A vehicle ran over the property owner's front yard and damaged a wooden bridge that crosses over her ditch. Neighbors report a fight occured at around 0130hrs and one of the vehicles involved did the damage. EPD was dispatched to a fight call at E 357St and Blanche but all parties were gone upon arrival., 01/22/12 1250hrs a resident on Lost Nation Rd reported a snow thrower stolen from his garage.  Report taken, 01/22/12 0208hrs officer on routine patrol observed a vehicle weaving on Lakeshore. The vehicle was stopped and the driver advised of his violation. He stated he was reading a text someone had sent him. After failing field sobriety testing the 21 year old male from Willowick was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence and held on court set bond., There is a water main break in the 34000 block of Waldmer - Water department has been advised., River checks are on going today - River is at 8ft but the ice had broken through and not jamming, 01/22/12 0138hrs a vehicle was struck in the 900 block of Waverly pushing it into a ditch in front of another address from where it was parked.  Several parts of the suspect vehicle were located and collected as evidence. The following day a 24 year old female came to EPD and admitted she lost control of her vehicle and fled the scene after the accident.  She was cited for hit-skip and failure to control. Victim notified, 01/22/12 0136hrs caller advised she went to a neighbors at the Eastlake Terrace Apts to ask the couple to quiet down and the pair chased her away. On arrival it was discovered the female caller was intoxicated adn the one causing the problems. All parties separated and advised., 01/21/12 Criminal damage reports - Parkway front picture window shattered by a BB - 700 block of Woodstock rear van window shattered - 1200 block of E 359St drivers widnow shattered - 1000 block of Center driver's window shattered....invest continuing, 01/21/12 1159hrs shoplifter - Walmart - a 31 year old male was detained by loss prevention after concealing a digital picture frame in the waistband of his pants - caught on video.....he was transported to EPD and held in lieu of court set bond., Another great drawing by Kevin Gomolka!, 01/21/12 1124hrs a 57 year old female in the 600 block of Mannering was cited for dog at large. Her dog escaped from the home and initiated a fight with another dog being walked on a leash. There were no obvious signs of injury to either animal., 01/21/12 Aggravated burglary report taken in the 1300 block of E 349St - ongoing investigation, 01/21/12 1009hrs a Jehovah Witness reported an open door in the 33000 block of Stevens. Officer secured the door which appeared to have been blown open by the wind., 01/21/12 0305hrs unwanted guest situation in the 300 block of St Lawrence. Upon our arrival the male and his girlfriend had left the home. At 0456hrs the two were seen on Hillcrest and St Lawrence. Upon speaking with them they advised they had no where to stay and were cold. They were transported to EPD to make phone calls to find a ride., 01/20/12 2303hrs a 57 year old female hitch-hiking on Lakeshore near Carlton was transported home to the trailer park further down Lakeshore. Verbal warning on the hitch-hiking..., 01/20/12 2237hrs diturbance complaint at Little Ceaser's pizza - a 34 year old female from Timberlake was verbally abusing an employee over her pizza not being done when she came to pick it up - officer stood by until female recieved her pizza and left the building., 01/20/12 2211hrs EPD responded to the area of Iris Ln and E 343St on a report of a car full of males that tried to lure two juvenile females (13 & 14 years old) into their vehicle with candy. One male was outside his vehicle with an open trunk shining a flashlight at the females offered the candy. When the girls fled the area the car also fled.  The vehicle was located and the five male juveniles (16 and 17 year olds) were identifed. One 16 year old male - identified by the victims as being the one involved was transorted to  EPD and charged with one count of criminal child enticement to be forwarded to juvenile court.  He was also issued a traffic cite for violation of passenger limitations for a 16 year old operator.  The other four juvenile's parents were contacted and responded to EPD to pick their children up., 01/20/12 2219hrs EPD responded mutual aid to Timberlake PD for three 20 year old males for trespassing/suspicious activity in the Nepahwin and East Shore Dr area.  The males were identifed, searched and transported out of the Village., 01/20/12 1918hrs solicitor complaint in the 1200 block of E 351St. They were from AT&T and now have the proper paperwork to solicit in the city., 01/20/12 1844hrs an anonymous person called WE Tip Crimeline operator and advised a child was being exposed to marijuana due to his parents dealing the drug out of a house on E 348St. Officer responded to the address - the "child" was 24 years old - complaint was unfounded., 01/20/12 1755hrs a juvenile female was arrested for theft after stealing prescription drugs from a family member. The case was referred to Juvenile Court., 01/20/12 1616hrs EPD received a complaint of an intoxicated male in the Vineyards with a child that was getting ready to leave the area in a vehicle.  Officers located the vehicle near Valu-king. The 40 year old male from Willoughby was arrested after failing field sobriety tests for suspicion of OVI. He was also charged with driving under a child support license suspension, open container for the open beer in the car's cup holder, and child endangerment. The 11 year old child was turned over to a relative at the scene., 01/19/12 Indiana State Police recovered a stolen firearm taken in a burglary on Erie Rd in October of 2003.  Follow up will be conducted via Indiana State Patrol with the person they arrested in possession of the firearm to determine any involvement with the burglary,, 01/19/12 2040hrs loud music coming from a parked vehicle complaint in the area of E 351St and Eastlawn.  The vehicle was located, driving from the area. The vehicle was stopped and the 30 year old driver from Euclid advised of the complaint. Officer ran the male for wants/warrants and learned he does not have a valid driver's license.  He was cited and released for driving under suspension. The vehicle was towed from the scene., 01/19/12 195hrs a complaintant from Sussex Apts reported a caller from Bulgaria calls her home early every morning for the last two weeks. She was given a report number to provide the phone company so the number can be blocked., 01/19/12 1955hrs harassing communication reported from Sussex Apts. A caller from Bulgaria keeps calling the complainant early every morning. Cad entry made for the complainant so the number can be blocked by the phone company., 01/19/12 1754hrs domestic disturbance at Eastlake Terrace Apts between a 60 year old male and his wife. Both parties were spoken to reference the throwing property in the hall and loudness of their conversations. They agreed to stay separated for the evening., 01/19/12 1640hrs - the lastest on the "wall of shame" a 21 year old female from Mentor was arrested for taking $90.26 worth of merchandise from Walmart. She was also charged with obstructing due to her having a memory lapse of her correct identity. She is being held on $3500 cash bond. While she was in jail it was discovered she was also wearing stolen merchandise from Walmart - it was removed and transported back to the store., 01/19/12 1515hrs theft report taken at Windsor Lodge Apts. A 16 year old male transfered $340 from his 81 year old grandfather/legal guardian's checking account into his own then withdrew the cash from the bank. Report sent to Juvenile Court., 01/19/12 1414hrs EPD assisted with a disabled vehicle on SR 91 near Curtis blocking traffic. The vehicle was given a bumper push to a parking lot on Curtis., 01/19/12 1412hrs a 38 year old female from Cleveland reported her vehicle was struck in the rear on Vine St while stopped at a red light by a blue midsize vehicle - possibly a toyota or nissan - driven by a black male. The male then fled the scene of the accident. The female's vehicle had non disabling damage to the bumper and she also suffered from a neck injury., 01/19/12 1304hrs harassing phone call report taken from the 1200 block of E 337St. The caller's son met an 18 year old female over the internet. She visited the caller's home one time. Since then the son does not wish to have contact with the female. The female continues to call the home and cell phones of the complainant in attempts to contact her son. The female was advised to stop calling and making contact or charges would be pursued., 01/19/12 1146hrs a 15 year old female was arrested on a theft charge from the High School - items were taken from an unlocked locker. The student was transported to EPD, put through the booking process and released to her parent. She will be recommended to the Juvenile Diversion Program in lieu of Juvenile Court., 01/19/12 0847hrs EPD assisted along with EFD a female that was locked out of her home in the 36000 block of Lakeshore Bl. Entry was made., 01/19/12 the side roads are getting snow covered and icy - road crews are out there for the school routes before school lets out, Created by Kevin Gomolka -, 01/19/12 officers responded to Curtis Bl on a report of a possible MVA with a male laying in the roadway.  On arrival the male was up leaning against his vehicle. It didn't take long before the 48 year old male Eastlake resident, who was unable to maintain his balance while standing, was arrested for suspicion of driving under the influence of alcohol and/or drugs. He was booked in and will be held until sober and the booking process can be completed., 01/18/12 1927hrs noise disturbance reported in the 33000 block of Beachpark for someone playing drums - all was quiet upon arrival in the area., 01/18/12 1800hrs several calls came in on a male in a hospital gown with no shoes riding a bike on S/B E 361St. The male was located and found to have left an upstairs room at Lake West. The male and his bike were returned to the hospital., 01/18/12 1412hrs two males, a 29 year from Eastlake and a 24 year old from Painsville were detained by Loss Prevention at Walmart for shopliting $204.76 worth of merchandise. They were transported to EPD and charged - one for theft the other for complicity to theft., 01/18/12 01230hrs assault report taken that occured at a business on Melinz Pkwy - investigation is continuing...., 01/18/12 0821hrs disturbance at Sussex Apts betwnn a 21 year old male and 20 year old female. Verbal argument only - officers stood by while property was exchanged and the two went their separate ways., 01/18/12 0322hrs a 25 year old Eastlake resident was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence after being stopped for a traffic violation and failing field sobriety testing., 01/18/12 0131hrs loud music complaint On Windsor Ct. It was a TV, not excessively loud - they were advised of the complaint as a courtesy, 01/17/12 2232hrs verbal domestic in the 35000 block of Grover - both agreed to leave each other alone for the night, they will sleep in separate rooms and discuss their financial issues in the morning., 01/17/12 2159hrs Li Garden Resturant reported receiving a counterfeit $50.00 bill - invest continuing., 01/17/12 1800hrs disturbance at Eastview Apartments between a 39 year old male and 38 year old female. Argument was verbal only - the male left the apartment to stay with a relative for the evening., 01/17/12 1601hrs a 56 year old female reported a 57 year old male was following her both at work and at home. The male was contacted and advised not to follow her, pass by her home or place of employment - he agreed to comply, 01/17/12 0405hrs Mentor PD called to advise EPD their rescue was transporting a 21 year old female Mentor resident to the ER who believes she was drugged at an apartment she visited in Eastlake. After investigation was completed with all parties involved, alleged victim at the hospital interviewed and toxicology reports returned it was determined the female was not drugged only highly intoxicated - which matched the all of the stories told by those involved. Her family was advised and later apologized on her behalf., 01/17/12 0150hrs a 42 year old male from Eastlake was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence after he was stopped for a traffic violation. He was booked in and held for court set bond., 01/16/12 2038hrs homeowner in the 800 block of E 346St reported hearing a loud bang - it was iceballs thrown at the house which caused damage to the one of his screens in the window., 01/16/12 1849hrs a 25 year old driver from France got himself stuck in a snowbank in the 34500 block Lakeland - Vitalones was called to assist him with a wench out., 01/16/12 1702hrs a male requested an escort reference a child exchange in the 34000 block of Beachpark. The female refused to relinquish custody in violation of the court order. The male was given advise on how to proceed through the courts., 01/16/12 1453hrs a business on E 354St reproted a semi truck running in his parking lot for three hours with the turn signal on. The semi was stolen from Cleveland earlier in the day. Missing from the semi was a trailer containing approx. twenty thousand pounds of copper. Cleveland PD and the semi owner were notified and the semi towed to Vitalones.  Report refered to Cleveland PD - where the original crime occured., 01/16/12 EPD assisted a motorist near the dog park that struck a pothole and the driver's tire came off. The 19 year old driver from Euclid had help on the way that she called., 01/16/12 1400hrs a caller from Vine East Apts reported seeing a male remove his boots, climb through a window and shut the window. The apartment in question was located - the 21 year old tenant of the apartment was responsible., 01/15/12 person unknown left a pair of prescription glasses at the PD - if you were here over the weekend you can claim your property at the front window., 01/15/12 2339hrs juvenile complaint at E 345St and Roberts Rd - young teens were filling garbage cans with snow and putting them in the middle of the road. A 20 year old female and 15 year old male were found to the mischief makers - they cleaned up the area., On 01/09/2009 a female took a car from TKP auto for a test drive and never returned with the vehicle. A driver's license was not obtained from the driver due to miscommunication between employees. On 01/15/12 Shaker Hts PD recovered the vehicle and arrested the 34 year old female from Bedford for having the stolen vehicle along with several outstanding warrants including Grand Theft Auto., 01/15/12 2102hrs a 27 year old male is in custody after loss prevention observed him conceal 10 pairs of jeans in his own pants and shirt and attempt to leave Walmart for a total of $225.40 worth of merchandise. The male is being held on $3500 cash bond due to not having a permanent address and also failing to show at Lake County Jail on 01/12/12 to complete a sentence on another charge as ordered by WMC., 01/15/12 1741hrs a 59 year old female from Cleveland advised while in the parking lot of the Mandarin Seafood Restaurant she became engaged in a domestic with her husband. The female had obvious injuries to her facial area - the husband was currently at their residence in Cleveland. Report taken, she was given advise on how to obtain a protection order and a warrant will be issued for her 52 year old husband for domestic violence., 01/15/11 1644hrs a 22 year old female from Fairport was arrested at Walmart after loss prevention officers observed her concealing $89.00 worth of merchandise. She was booked and held pending court set bond., 01/15/12 1047hrs a motorist reported a male was stopped at a red light, not moving in his vehicle and has sat through several cycles of the light. The 21 year old male fell asleep in his vehicle after reportedly working 36 hours straight. He was followed home to an address on E 360St., 01/15/12 0250hrs while on patrol officer observed an intoxicated male that had fallen in the parking lot of Sunoco on Vine St. The 23 year old resident from Louis St was transported home and assisted with entering his home., 01/15/12 0236hrs two vehicles, one with disabling, heavy front end damage were struck in the parking lot of Ranch Manor Apts. Officer was able to locate the driver of the snowplow - who left the scene after the MVA - the following day. The 53 year old from Willoughby Hills was cited for hit-skip private property., 01/14/12 1705hrs occupied disabled vehicle at SR 91 and Stevens was pushed out of traffic - the motorist had help coming for his stalled vehicle., 01/14/12 1645hrs one vehicle non injury crash W overlook at Lakehurst a vehicle slid into a light pole knocking it over - the 18 year old was cited for failure to control., 01/14/12 1216hrs complant of juveniles on Palo Verde Ct and Sandy Knoll on an ATV pulling others on a snowboard. The driver of the ATV was located and advised to park the ATV., 01/14/12 0948hrs EPD responded with the crash reconstruction unit to assist Mentor PD with an one vehicle roll over fatal accident., 01/04/12 0245hrs disturbance at Manor Park Apts between a 45 year old female and 47 year old male. On-going problem between the two parties- one was going to bed the other is to sleep on the couch. They will figure out new living arraingments this weekend., 01/14/12 0740 a 21 year old female was arrested on a failure to appear warrant. In booking while doing an inventory of her belongings an officer located a counterfeit $50 bill and a counterfeit $20 to be in her possession. An invest will follow in conjunction with Secret Service., 01/13/12 2252hrs an elderly resident at Surfside Apts called to report she did not have any heat in her apartment. Dispatch called maintence for her then advised the caller with his 10 minute ETA., 01/13/2012 2029hrs one car non injury crash at Lakehurst and Lakeshore - one vehicle into a fire hydrant. Report taken and water department notified., 01/13/2012 1439 one vehicle non injury crash at Lakeland and E 361St. A vehicle slid into a telephone pole. Report taken and a private tow called for the driver., 01/13/12 1342hrs a resident in the 400 block of Quentin reported an open door on a neighbors home. It was determined the wind forced the door open - officer was able to secure the home., 01/13/12 1222hrs two car MVA E 337St at Curtis property damage only, one vehicle towed from the scene and driver cited for assure clear distance., 01/13/12 1109hrs one car spin out accident SR 2 near SR 91 - vehicle got himself turned around, no report, 01/13/12 1031hrs parking complaint on N Lakehurst for a vehicle blocking the callers mailbox. Dispatch contacted the vehicle owner and advised him to move the vehicle., 01/13/12 0929 Officer out with male walking between the dividers on the freeway. The male's car had stalled west of E 305St, he was transported to his home., 01/13/12 0918hrs one car spin out accident on SR 2 near SR 91. Vitalones contacted for a private tow., 01/13/12 0833hrs a male from Portage reported he was having neighbor trouble - the way his neighbor parked, leaving garbage cans out and his driving habits on the street. The neighbor was spoken to and advsied of the complaint - he will try to be a better neighbor., 01/13/12 0721hrs a car struck a lamp pole on Garrett's Cove knocking it over then fleeing the scene. The pole was blocking the neighbor's driveway, CEI notified and responded. Hit-skip invest continuing..., 01/12/12 2035hrs EPD responded to Eastlake Terrace Apt for a suspicious vehicle complaint. The caller stated a vehicle was occupied by three males and had been sitting in the lot for 45 min. The occupants in vehicle were identifed as 20 year olds from Willowick, Eucid and Richmond Hts. They threw litter out of the vehicle which they were asked to pick up then were sent on their way., 01/12/12 1959hrs EPD reponded to a disturbance at Sussex Apts. This was a verbal domestic. All parties made up and upon leaving everyone was happy., We are trying to learn the identity of these two females. They may be witnesses to a crime that occured., We are trying to learn the identity of these two females. They may be witnesses to a crime that occured., 01/12/12 1828hrs theft report taken of a saddle and girth from Brick Hill Farm. Investigation continues..., 01/12/12 1812hrs solicitor complaint in the 1300 block of E 359St. Two males were identifed. They were independant contractors for the News Herald. The two were advised of our policy regarding permits., 01/12/12 1717hrs a resident on St Lawrence reported a suspicious vehicle that was traveling very slowly through the neighborhood. The vehicle was located near Ridgewood. The drivera 34 year old male from Concord was "shopping for scrap metal" in people's trash., 01/12/12 1609hrs a complainant reported she called the BBB on a buisness in a neighboring city. The owner of the business was now calling her and harassing her. The owner of the business was advised of the complaint and further calls could result in charges., 01/12/12 1153hrs arrest made on a 41 year old female from Sunset Dr. The female used her mother's identity to illegally obtain credit. She proceeded to run up a debt of over $43,000 without the victim's knowledge by taking cash advances and using credit cards. She was charged with felony fraud and is being held without bond until arraignment., 01/12/12 1506hrs a motorist reported a vehicle pulled out from a business on Vine St in front of several cars, ran over a curb and was weaving. EPD located the vehicle being driven by a 61 year old female from Eastlake. Upon speaking with the female a strong odor of alcohol was detected. When asked to exit the vehicle, she stumbled and fell against the car. She was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence., 01/12/12 0900 lock down drill conducted at St Justin Marytr School with students and staff., 01/12/12 0900hrs a resident came to EPD and turned over a rifle and a gun he no longer wanted. Property will be destroyed., 01/12/11 0537hrs residents in the 36500 block off Lakeshore called EPD reporting a loud bang in the area - officers checked the area but did not locate the cause., 01/12/12 0404hrs a 34 year old female was arrested for felony domestic violence on Pinehurst. EPD responded to the address where the highly intoxicated mother and her minor child were engaged in a violent domestic. The juvenile was transported to EPD where a relative agreed to pick her up. The 34 year old was taken into custody.  Due to her turbulent behavior the booking process was unable to be completed at that time. As of time of this post she is still displaying continuous disruptive behavior in the jail area. She will be held without bond until arraignment tomorrow when the booking process can be completed., 01/12/11 0050hrs a resident from the 1600 block of E 332St advised someone was knocking on her door and wiggling the door handle. When she looked outside she saw a male walking away towards Vine St. Officers checked the area but were unable to locate the male., 01/11/12 2147hrs a fuse on a transformer blew on Pinehurst - two other transformers were holding power. CEI was advsied., 01/11/12 2010hrs a 22 year old female from Cleveland was arrested from Walmart on forgery charges after attempting to cash a check a fraudulent check for $794.00. An alert employee of Walmart recognized the check to be fraudulent and notified EPD. She is being held on felony charges pending arraignment this morning., 01/11/12 2010hrs a 22 year old female was arrested from Walmart for forgery after attempting to cash a check for $794.00. An employee of Walmart reconized the check to be fraudulent due to classes she attended offered by Walmart to thwart crime., 01/11/12 1831hrs private property accident occured in the parking lot of Walmart. A motorist from Willowick struck a pole in the lot. Vehicle damage only - no damage to the pole. A private tow was called for the operator., 01/11/12 1736hrs theft / criminal damage report taken. A 21 year old female from the 800 block of Erie Rd was ordered by Mentor court to participate in the SCRAM (secure continuous remote alcohol monitor) program. It was discovered the female cut the device off her leg and threw it in a dumpster at Dover Place Apts. Relacement value of the bracelet is $1400. The female, who is currently in Lake County Jail, will have these charges refered back to Mentor Ct for a probation violation which could result in an additional jail term and fines., 01/11/12 1549hrs three juvenile males from Euclid, two 16 year olds and one 17 year old were caught stealing Yugioh cards. They were warned and released to their parents. A civil order was signed prohibiting them from returning or they will face trespassing charges., 01/11/12 1300hrs EPD assisted Timberlake Pd with unwanted guest situation in their village. Timberlake Pd made one arrest and transported another for medical treatment., 01/10/12 2209hrs EPD responded to 33000 block of Beachpark for an unruly 12 year old female. The juvenile threw an object at her mother striking her when mom told her to go to bed. Unruly charges to be filed with juvenile court by the parent., 01/10/12 1850hrs complaint received of two male juveniles throwing metal objects at the church on Lakeshore Bl. A check of the area for the juveniles was negative. There was no damage to the church building., 01/10/12 1630hrs three young male teens reported they were "robbed" by four other young teen males at Jakse Park. The victims, ages 14 and 15 had money, a knife, lighters and cigarettes taken from then when they were surrounded by four juvenile males from 13-15 years old and told to "empty their pockets." After investigation a 13 year old was arrrested and charged with theft by intimidation. He was released to his parent and will face his charge in Juvenile court. Three other males also will face juvenile court on charges of complicity to theft., Woman on Trial for Alleged Facebook Murder for Hire Plot
  By Suzanne Stratford
 
Fox 8 News Reporter
 
11:16 p.m. EST, January 10, 2012
PAINESVILLE, Ohio— A woman accused of attempting to hire a Facebook friend to kill her ex-husband went on trial Tuesday in Lake County Common Pleas Court before Judge Eugene Lucci.

Christine H. Metter, 42, of Beachwood, pleaded not guilty to charges of conspiracy to commit aggravated murder.

The charges stem from an alleged murder for hire scheme which was uncovered May 27, 2011.

According to police and prosecutors, Metter was complaining about the problems she was having with her ex-husband to an old high school friend on Facebook named Patrick Sabo.

Police said they joked that she should have him killed, but then Metter and her father Al Zambory, 76, invited Sabo to dinner and allegedly offered him $50,000 to kill the ex-husband, David Metter.

Tuesday after opening statements, jurors were bussed to various locations in Eastlake including the restaurant where all three allegedly met.

Prosecutors also played a damning 911 tape that was recorded after the dinner.

Sabo called dispatchers and requested a detective.

On the tape he said, "I just got approached, cause I'm ex-military, from a friend's father to kill her ex-husband."

Sabo said Zambory gave him a picture of David Metter and an address and instructed Sabo to shoot him.

After the 911 call, Eastlake police carried out a sting operation which included a picture of David with a fake bullet wound and blood.

Both Christine Metter and her father face conspiracy to commit aggravated murder charges which carry a penalty of up to 20 years in prison.

Christine's trial is expected to last about a week and her father Al Zombory goes on trial Jan. 31.

The defense claims it was the accused hitman's idea to kill the husband and that their clients had nothing to do with it. 
Copyright © 2012, WJW-TV
wjw-facebook-murder-for-hire-trial-christine-metter-ss-txt, 01/10/12 1820hrs a resident from the 35000 block of Roberts reported his credit card was used fraudulently over the internet. Upon checking his records an order for merchandise was ordered and was being sent to Nevada. Report taken., 01/10/12 1648hrs a 22 year old male wsa stopped for riding a 4-wheeler on the sidewalk in the 34000 block of Sylvia. He was warned and advised further riding would result in being ticketed., 01/10/12 1501hrs breaking and entering report taken in the 35000 block of Lakeshore Bl. A vacant home was entered and several feet of copper piping stolen from inside the house. Invest to continue., 01/10/12 1517hrs theft of a package delivered via UPS was reported stolen by a resident on Hiawatha. UPS tracking system showed the package, containing cigars - was delivered. Report turned over to UPS., 01/10/12 1308hrs a resident on King Dr was cited for dog-at-large after the animal bit the complainant's animal. The complainant attempted to notify the dog owner and the dog in turn charged at her., 01/10/12 0329hrs a resident reported suspicious activity in the 34000 block of Beachpark when he observed a person with a flashlight walking around a residence. The person was located and advised she was in the process of moving out of the residence., 01/10/12 0235hrs complaint of a group of males causing a disturbance in Walmart and being disruptive. The males, a 21 year old from Maple Hts and a 24 year old from Euclid, were located outside of Walmart in a vehicle. The males were advised not to return along with a 19 year old and 22 year old from Painesville., null, A 28 year old male was arrested on a theft charge that occured 12/30 at Sunoco on Vine St. The male removed a make-up bag from a vehicle at that location believing it to be a purse. The theft was captured on video - the male was  reconized and a warrant was issued resulting in his arrest., 01/09/12 1900hrs accident at SR 91 and Curtis resulted in one of the drivers being arrested for driving under suspension, running a traffic light and the 38 year old male from Mentor also had a warrant out of Mentor Pd and one from Rocky River Pd., 01/09/12 1406hrs EPD assisted EFD in the 37000 block of Lakeshore Bl. for a crane that fell into Lake Erie along with part of a house eroaded away into the lake. The Coast Guard and building department were also notified and responded., 01/09/12 1123hrs a resident from Lakeline reported a theft of tools from his truck that occured sometime overnight. Investigation to continue, 01/09/2012 0100hrs EPD was called to Walmart for a female and male aciting suspiciously in the store - going in and out of line and in and out of the store. On arrival the 19 year old male was running out of the store. He was stopped and identifed. The 32 year old female was also identified and when asked who the male she was with was, the name did not match the name the male gave. After further questioning the 19 year old male was taken into custody for an outstanding warrant through our department and also from Wickliffe PD.  After a search of his person he was additonally charged with drug paraphernalia, possession of a hypodermic needle and misidentification., 01/08/12 2114hrs disturbance at Eastlake Tavern involving two males causing a problem at the business. A 42 year old male from Willoughby and a 39 year old male from Willowick were asked to leave for the night and escorted out., 01/08/12 1453hrs a 51 year old male from Cleveland was arrested at Walmart for shoplifting $254.37 worth of merchandise. He was held for court set bond., 01/08/12 1310hrs report taken for a business in the 34500 block of Vine for a broken front windwo. It appears that possibly a truck backed into the window. The person responsible, or someone had placed a piece of cardboard over the broken portion of the window., 01/08/12 1244hrs domestic situation answered in the 33000 block of Beachpark - a 47 year old male stated a 27 year old female was destroying items in the home. They agreed to stay separated - one upstairs, one downstairs until a relative arrived to pick up the female., 01/08/12 0806hrs Willowick Pd stopped two males walking on Lakeland Bl with a book bag. The males, a 20 year old from Mentor and a 27 year old from Wickliffe,  admitted to cutting off catalytic converters in Eastlake and had one in their possession in the book bag - another was later recovered from a nearby apartment. EPD arrested the two for two counts of theft - parts from vehicles. Willowick PD also has charges of RSP and criminal tools., 01/08/12 0516hrs a vehicle at SR 91 and Curtis swerved to avoid a deer and ran into a ditch. The two truck that was there to assist her then got stuck in the ditch as well. Vitalones was then called to assist both., 01/08/12 0407hrs officer patroling Walmart observed a vehicle with two people sleeping inside. They were checked for wants and the 35 year male from Cleveland was found to have a felony warrant for assault out of Cuyahoga County Sherriff's office and taken into custody. The 40 year old female from Mansfield was sent on her way - the male turned over to the custody of CCSO, 01/08/12 0302hrs EPD responded to a disturbance outside of Billy's Old Front Bar between a 22 year old female and 26 year old male. The female made arrangements to get a ride home to Mentor and an officer transported the male to his residence in Eastlake., 01/08/12 0225 EPD assisted securty at the Circle Lounge due to male costomers refusing to leave the bar at closing. EPD stood by until the bar was cleared., 01/08/12 0205hrs officer observed a vehicle speeding on Lakeshore (49 in a 35MPH zone). Officer conducted a traffic stop and exited the vehicle - the driver of the stopped vehicle pulled away. The vehicle attempted to make a quick turn onto Reeves Rd, lost control, went well off the roadway then back onto the roadway and stopped.  The 19 year old female from Mentor then exited her vehicle, needed the vehicle to maintain her balance and attempted to enter the back seat area of the patrol unit. The female was taken into custody for suspicion of OVI, driving under suspension (due to an OVI conviction in June) flee and eluding and speed. She was held on court set bond., 01/08/12 EPD assisted Willoughby Hills PD locating a vehicle and driver in a hit-skip accident in their city.  A 41 year old female at Dover Apts was detained and held for WHPD until they responded to the area., 01/07/12 1854hrs a male reported upon entering the China Buffet he observed 6-7 juveniles hinding in a corner then look into vehicles with flashlights. Officers located the juveniles - they were at a family party taking place inside the restaurant. An adult was advised of the complaint and the juveniles taken back inside., 01/07/12 1817hrs EPD responded to a domestic disturbance beween a father and his intoxicated 29 year old son. Mom, the voice of reason for the evening, assured the father and son would remain separated for the evening., 01/07/12 2103hrs call of a altercation involving several juveniles and an adult in the 200 block of Erieview resulted in two 15 year old males and one 14 year old male getting arrested for two counts of assault each. The males assaulted another 15 year old male at that residence due to an earlier altercation between two of the males.  When the victim's father attempted to break up the fight between the four males he too was assaulted. The juveniles were processed at EPD and released to their parents / guardians., 01/07/12 1016hrs burglary report taken in the 1000 block of Woodstock that possibly occured between the daytime hours of 01/06/12. Several pieces of jewelry were removed from the residence. Investigation continuing., 01/07/12 0815hrs a resident on Laura reported her locked shed had the hasp pried off and two weed whackers removed sometime overnight., 01/07/12 0244hrs officers responded to the 36000 block of Hillcrest for a disturbance. Their was a verbal domestic between a husband and wife. The 40 year old male agreed to leave for the night and the female was given advise on how to proceed with a protection order., 01/06/12 2308 a motorist reported a vehicle they were following was drifting into the oncome traffic lane on Lakeshore Bl. Epd located the vehicle stopping it after also observing traffic violations. The 33 year old male from Euclid was taken into custody for suspicion of OVI after refusing all field sobriety testing. He was booked in and held on court set bond., 01/06/12 assault report taken that occured at North High School earlier in the day - investigation resumes today during school hours..., 01/06/12 0943hrs EPD assisted a dump truck that lost it's wheel in the center lane of SR 2 near SR 91. The tire was removed from the roadway - the truck had help on the way., 01/06/12 0001hrs a 20 year old male was arrested for driving under suspension after striking a parked vehicle in the 1000 block of E 347St. The male stated a cat ran in front of his vehicle, he swerved to avoid the animal, drove up on a tree lawn striking and heavily damaging the parked car which was towed from the scene. In booking the 20 year old was treated for injuries substained from striking the steering wheel and windshield. He was released on bond., 01/06/12 0207hrs a vehicle was observed drifting within it's lane of travel then turning into a closed business on Vine St. The vehicle was stopped and the 27 year old male identified. The male was soon taken into custody for suspicion of driving under the influence and possession of marijuana. He was held for arraignment., 01/05/12 2322hrs responded to a verbal arguement in the 1200 block of E 348St between a 27 year old female and 28 year old male. The female gathered some belongings and was transported to another location by EPD. She was advised to contact EPD for an escort if she needs more property in the morning., 01/05/12 2104hrs EPD was dispatched to Pete's  Internet Cafe for an assault complaint. A 48 year old male attempted to pursuade his estranged wife to leave the Cafe. When she refused he struck her 46 year old male companion causing a facial injury to the victim. The 48yo male was taken into custody, charged with assault and released on bond a short time later., 01/02/12 2044hrs a residence in the 1500 block of E 337St reported a loud boom that shook their residence. On arrival the reporting officer found a tire blew on a vehicle parked near the home., 01/05/12 an unidentifed female called EPD dispatch to report people were following her around Walmart taking her picture. She did not want to leave her name or speak with an officer or leave the store, she only wanted the people - up to 10 of them identified. She was advised to go to the customer service desk. Dispatch called Walmart security who attempted to locate the female with negative results., 01/05/12 1535hrs a Next Power Climber 24" bicycle was found in a ditch in the 1200 block of E 348St - come to EPD to claim.  All unclaimed bicycles go up for auction each May., 01/05/12 1147hrs two 16 year old males were cited for disorderly conduct/fighting at NHS after engaging in a mutual combat fight at the school. Both juveniles were referred to the EPD juvenile diversion program where in lieu of having to go to juvenile court they can work off their charges through community service. If they do not complete the program, or we again have contact with them again in another incident they will be referred to the courts., 01/05/12 0840hrs a 15 year old male was arrested for criminal damaging after punching a hole in a wall in his home in the 900 block of E 346St upon learning he was grounded. The 15 year old is currently on probation with juvenile court -, 01/05/12 a disabled vehicle driven by a 29 year old female from Euclid was assisted by an officer pushing the vehicle (bumper push) from SR 91 and 2 to the Speedway - the vehicle was out of gas., During the month of December EPD generated 192 incident reports, 225 supplemental reports, 40 motor vehicle accident reports, EPD made 70 misdemeanor arrests, 70 felony arrests and arrested 12 drivers for driving under the influence. Totals do not court traffic enforcement...., 01/05/12 0031hrs disturbance at Manor Park Apts when a 47 year old male reportedly came home intoxicated and started an argument over the rent. Both persons were counseled, one went for a walk to cool off and the other to bed., 01/04/12 1822hrs CSX was advised persons unknown struck the crossing gate at the RxR tracks on E 361St breaking it., 01/04/12 A 35 year old male was arrested on a felony domestic charge stemming from an incident that occured on 12/26/11 in the 35000 block of Stevens Bl. The male posted his $5000 cash/surety bond and was released after processing with a court date., 01/04/12 2107hrs a resident in the 700 block of Erie Rd reported the back window of her vehicle was shattered. A white marble was located that caused the damage.
Also reported at 2128hrs a resident in the 1400 block of E 337St reported the front storm door of the home was shattered. A second white marble was recovered in the glass debris matching the first., 01/04/12 2036hrs assault report taken from the 33700 block of Stevens Bl. A 13 year old male reported being punched in the head by a 15 year old acquaintance. The juveniles and witnesses were interviewed and due to inconsistencies in statements the report will be sent to juvenile court for review of charges., 01/04/12 A 23 year old male from Willoughby was arrested for a $67.94 theft from Walmart. He was transported to EPD, processed and held for court set bond., 01/04/12 EPD was dispached to Sussex Apts on the report of several people physically fighting at that location. All buildings were checked, officers were unable to locate any disturbances., 01/04/12 1431hrs EPD received a complaint of an intoxicated male in the parking lot at North High School throwing things at vehicles. On arrival EPD made contact with the 18 year old male. The male, although agitated was sober. He was advised to leave the property and if he returns he will be arrested for trespassing., 01/04/12 1011hrs a resident came to the lobby of EPD to report the theft of keys and similiar items taken sometime since the beginning of the year. The items were later located misplaced in her home., WHEREAS, there has been filed with me a complaint, a copy of which is incorporated or attached hereto stating that       did, being the parent, guardian, custodian, person having custody or control of      , a child under eighteen years of age, created a substantial risk to the health or safety of the said      , by violating a duty of care, protection, or support, in violation of Section 537.07(a) of the Codified Ordinances of the City of Eastlake., 01/04/11 0444hrs EPD assited Timberlake PD removing an unwanted guest from a residence in their Village. The 33 year old male gathered up his property and left without incident., 01/04/11 0438hrs EPD responded to Walmart for a 37 year old male that removed merchandise from store shelves and was attempting to return it. The male from W Salem was arrested for theft - he also had concealed merchandise. He is being held on cash bond or court arraignment., 01/04/11 loud music complaint at Maple Park Apts - the same resident has been warned on four different occasions for excessive noise. The 53 year old male was given a citation for noise disturbance., 01/03/11 2110hrs an officer on patrol in the Walmart parking lot heard a car alarm sounding. Approaching the vehicle he observed a small child in the car looking out the rear window then duck down. The child (age 9) said she was sleeping and just woke up. Once the mother was located she was arrested for child endangerment - weather yesterday at time of incident 19 degrees., 01/03/12 0722hrs a 15 year old male was arrested from the 500 block of E 331St for filing a false police report after reporting he was carjacked pulling his brother's vehicle into the driveway. Officers located the vehicle a short distance away, out of gas, with the window broken outward and glass in the street next to the car. Footprints in the snow with a very distingishing mark on the botton were easily followed back to the juvenile's home., 01/03/11 2016hrs an 18 year old male was given a citation for driving in the grassy area of Jakse Park - he got his vehicle stuck in the snow...., 01/03/11 1852hrs officers responded to Sunset Cove for an unruly 12 year old male. Both parties were counseled and the mother advixed of options she can take with juvenile court., 01/03/11 1635hrs EPD responded to the 34000 block of Beachpark for hang up 911 calls. On arrival officers found two sisters arguing over missing money. One of the sisters decided to leave the residence., 01/03/12 1515hrs a resident from the 1000 block of Quentin was advised the phone calls she was recieving from the "DEA" asking for money or go to jail is a scam from the Dominican Republic. http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/microsites/phonefraud/index.shtml, 01/03/11 1417hrs EFD responded to an over fire in the 36000 block of Reeves Rd. A burned heating element was removed., 01/02/11 2301 a 23 year old male came to EPD to report his cell phone was stolen. After the report was taken he was arrested on an outstanding probation violation out of WMC. He was held in lieu of $554 court set bond., Three additional reports taken from Plymouth Rd involving vehicle windows being shot out by BB's or pettets. Invest is ongoing..., 01/03/12 0630 accident in front of Eaton Corporation - no injuries - both vehicles were towed from the scene., 01/02/12 2344hrs private property accident at the Seawall - a vehicle entering the property slid into another occupied car parked at the seawall., 01/02/12 2019hrs accident - vehicle into the wall on SR 2 near E 305St - non injury, 01/02/12 1956hrs accident - vehicle struck the median while making a left turn onto SR 91 - damage to property only, no injuries, 01/02/12 1838hrs recevied a complaint from Walmart of a male standing in line with a gun strapped to his leg. Once the male exited the store he was stopped by an officer. The male from Indiana had a concealed weapon permit - he was advised what it means to "conceal" his weapon., 01/02/12 1815hrs non-injury accident in front of Sunoco - no damage to vehicles., 01/02/12 1807hrs car slid off the roadway in front of the library - private tow called, 01/02/12 1805hrs assisted with a disabled vehicle SR 91 at Beachpark, private tow called for the vehicle owner., 01/02/12 1753hrs non injury accident Lakeshore by the Circle K, 01/02/12 1753hrs accident - E 361St by the railroad tracks - no injuries, 01/02/12 1702hrs accident - SR 2 E/b female struck a car that was stopped on the freeway - on arrival it was determined to be Wickliffe PD's accident., 01/02/12 1652hrs accident - vehicle into a guardrail - no injuries - Willoughby PD were first responders and assisted, 01/02/12 1647hrs accident - vehicle slid off the road in front of the middle school on Lakeshore and struck a tree - no injuries, 01/02/12 0553hrs officer checked on an occupied vehicle behind the old Kmart - the two 18 year olds from Rock Creek were told to find a better place to hang out and sent on their way., 01/01/12 1614hrs a male hitch-hiking on Lakeshore near Hillcrest was transported to the Willowick bus station for a ride back to Cleveland., 01/01/12 1507hrs EPD assisted EFD with an intoxicated female in the 1100 block of E 362St who fell striking, her head and was bleeding., 01/01/12 officer stopped a male walking on Vine St at 0420hrs - the 28 year old male from Cleveland advised he was homeless. He was transported to EPD to stay warm for the night in the department lobby., 01/01/11 0252hrs officers responded back to E 347St to the same residence with the same complaint. The 21 year old boyfriend was transproted to a friend's home for the night., 01/01/11 0227hrs report of a fight between three individuals in the 900 block of E 347St. The mother, 21 year old daughter and 21 year old boyfriend of the daughter were all intoxicated and arguing. They agreed to be civil for the rest of the evening., 01/01/12 0220hrs report a fight between two males on River Dr. On arrival the males were already separated. Both males had visible injuries to their faces. The 38 year old male was attempting to take the 24 year old's keys away so he would not drive causing the fight to break out. The fight was mutual and neither male wanted to pursue charges. One of males received medical treatment and was transported to the hospital. While officers were outside with the male recieiving treatment, the 24 year old began arguing with another individual. After several attempts to have him calm down were unsuccessful he was taken into custody for disorderly intoxication., 01/01/12 0100hrs a female in the parking lot of the Final Score was checked on after officer observed her propped up against a vehicle. While there a friend walked out to check on her - a short while later her daughter arrived to transport her home., 12/31/11 2305hrs an officer spoke with four intoxicated males in the 1300 block of E 360St, all from Willoughby - they were directed back to the adult party and advised to stay in the home for the night., 12/31/11 2119hrs parking complaint on Guilbert and Kennilworth - those in violation were advised to move their vehicles., 12/31/11 1636hrs neighbor trouble on Wicklow - a resident was having a party and the company was using the complaintant's driveway to turn around in even after he advised them to stop several times. Officer spoke with the party goers and advsied of the complaint., 12/31/11 1550hrs domestic situation beween a brother and sister in the 700 block of E 331St. It was a verbal argument, the sister decided to leave for the night., 12/31/11 1325hrs EPD responded to Willowood Apts for an unruly 12 year old female that was throwing objects, kicking and could not be controled after an argument with her brother. She was transported to EPD to await her mother's arrival - mom did not show so she was transported back to the apt and advised if we return she will be transported to detention., 12/31/11 0307hrs officer on patrol found two male juveniles on Lawton roaming the neighborhood. They were transported home to their parent and given curfew violation citations., 12/30/11 2303hrs complaint of an intoxicated female that had just left Billy's Old front after assaulting another female and stealing her purse. The 36 year old female was found hiding behind a dumpster in a nearby buisness parking lot. She was taken into custody and charged with assault, theft and disorderly intoxication. She is being held pending the posting of bond or arraignment., 12/30/11 1951hrs a 36 year old female from East Liverpool, Oh was arrested at Walgreens trying to obtain prescriptions with an illegal drug document. She was also charged with possession of dangerous drugs that were found in her purse upon arrest. She is being held in jail on two felony charges until arraignment on tuesday., 12/30/11 1912hrs a group of young adults driving on Lakeshore near Erie was stopped for shining a laser pen into passing motorists vehicles. The 18 year old admitted to "accidently" shining the laser into a passerby's window. He was advised and warned about inducing panic., 12/30/11 1726hrs a caller in the 1600 block of E 337St reported a neighbor's door was standing open since the night before and that they heard an argument occuring last night also. The 40 year old female was located sleeping inside the home - the arguement was with her son who was not presently home., 12/30/11 1558hrs a 20 year old male from Cleveland was arrested at Walmart for shoplifting DVD's. He was transported to EPD and was able to post bond a short time later., 12/30/11 1007hrs EPD and Willowick PD assisted a truck that lost it's load of steel at SR 91 and Curtis. A front end loader responded to aid in the spill -, 12/30/11 0858hrs resident frome the 36000 block of Starboard reports money was taken out of her bank account by a family member without her permission. The complainant decided to wait to see if restitution is made before pursuing criminal charges., 12/30/11 0745hrs disturbance at Dover Place Apts between a 20 year old male and 24 year old female answered. It was a verbal domestic with items being thrown about - they were advised on proper behavior., 12/30/11 0328hrs an officer waiting for the red light at Vine and 91 observed a vehicle traveling toward him on Vine at fast rate of speed with no headlights. The vehicle was clocked at 43MPH in a posted 25MPH zone. The vehicle was stopped and after field testing poorly the 28 year old female from Willoughby was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence, speed and no headlights., 12/30/11 0120hrs officer observed a vehicle traveling on SR 91 straddling both lanes of travel and nearly strike the median. The vehicle was stopped and after failing several field sobriety tests the 47 year old male from Painesville was taken into custody on suspicion of driving under the influence., 12/29/11 1814hrs an intoxicated male from S Riverview called 9-1-1 to advise he had $6000 and jewlery stolen from him in November but he didn't want to see an officer because he was "taking it to court"  Alrighty then..., 12/29/11 1708hrs complainant called and advised she was chased down the freeway for 30 min by a vehicle that then followed her to the Manor Park Apts. The 51 year old male got out of his vehicle, hit one of the windows and sped away. Through talking further with the 27 year old female driver and the 31 year old passenger it was learned the male wanted to date the passenger and she doesn't want to have anything to do with him. He was advised to not have contact with the women., 12/29/11 1441hrs three vehicles were entered on Beachpark Ave - all three vehicles were unlocked. Wallets were taken from two of the vehicles - nothing reported missing from the third., 12/28/11 1313hrs Breaking and Entering report taken in the 33000 block of Lakeland Bl. Tools and computers were reported stolen between 12/27/11 at 1800hrs and 12/28/11 at 1300hrs. Investigation continuing., Jermaine Horton arrested in connection with the recent counterfeit money that has been passed in the area 12/27/11, Marlon Benn arrested in connection with the recent counterfeit money that has been passed in the area 12/27/11, By Matthew Skrajner
MSkrajner@News-Herald.com
@MattNewsHerald

On Christmas Day 2009, Victoria Ponti received a puppy, a gift that would make almost anyone swell with emotion.

For the now 15-year-old Victoria, that Christmas held special significance, as she had been lucky to survive a glider crash less the two months earlier, and Daisy would help her through the recovery process.

But two years later to the day, the dog went missing, and the family believes it was not an accident.

“This totally ruined Christmas for us,” said Victoria’s father, George Ponti.

The family cancelled plans with extended family, and still has unopened presents that they just cannot get in the spirit to unwrap, Ponti said.

Around 10:30 a.m. on Sunday, the family let Bogi and Daisy, the two family dogs, out into the enclosed backyard of their Eastlake home just off of Erie Road. After not hearing the dogs for about 45 minutes, he went to check on the pets and saw that the yard’s gate was now open a few feet, Ponti said.

Suspicion was high because the gate was closed when the pets were let outside, and the suspicion became elevated about eight hours later, said Ponti.

Bogi, a black 7-year-old poodle mix, returned to the house without a scratch or piece of dirt on it, which would have been very unlikely had the dog just been wandering outside on its own, he said.

Unfortunately, Daisy, a 2-year-old white female frizzy poodle, did not return home.

After the 2009 accident, Victoria had already gotten a lot of balloons, flowers and other gifts to help uplift her spirits, but her family felt a pet was what she needed the most.  “Nothing is as animated and sweet as a puppy,” Ponti said.

The family is not interested in who may have taken the dog, but they just want to see Daisy returned safely, Ponti said.

Anyone with information can contact George Ponti at 216-276-1614., 12/27/11 1923hrs three males were arrested in connection with all the counterfeit bills being passed in Eastlake over the past few weeks. Investigation is continuing today. They are being helf without bond pending our investigation., 12/27/11 1508hrs a 15 year old female was arrested for domestic violence after injuring her 12 year old brother per her parents request. The juvenile was transported to juvenile detention., 12/27/11 1019hrs a resident on Cove Ct reported sometime over the weekend person(s) unknown attempted to enter her residence through a rear window. No entry was gained. Extra patrols slated for the area - invest continues, 12/27/11 0027hrs a resident on Parkway reported his front window had both glass panes broken with appears to be round, green pieces of glass., 12/27/11 marked the day we lost four officers to layoffs...Plt Roberts, Ptl Hoenen, Ptl Brooks and Ptl Korun. Young seasoned officers - a combination of the four with 23 years of experience both with our department and the departments they came from to serve and protect the City of Eastlake...., 12/26/11 1551hrs a 28 year old female from Mentor was arrested at Walmart for shoplifting almost $700 worth of merchandise. During booking illegal narcotics were discovered hidden on her body and also a video obtained from Walmart caputered the female concealing more illegal narcotics in her body cervices. She was charged with felony theft, conveying a controlled substance into the jail and possession of a controlled substance. She was held without bond pending court appearance., 12/26/11 0906hrs a vehicle got stuck in the mud trying to avoid the construction barrels at the dog park to go fishing. The 46 year old male from Northfield called for private tow for winch out., 12/26/11 1352hrs EPD responded to 34000 block of Roberts Rd for a theft of a wallet from the residence - suspect is a family member., 12/26/11 0316 hrs officers responded to the 1300 block of E 348St for another disturbance involving the mother's boyfriend and her adult son. The 57 year old boyfriend was arrested for disorderly intoxication due to EPD responding to this home several times over the past few days., 12/25/11 2323hrs domestic disturbance between the callers mother's boyfriend and brother. It was all verbal, intoxicated parties were separated and one of the males was going upstairs to sleep it off for the night., 12/25/11 2241hrs custody dispute resolved in the 500 block of Susan. There was nothing criminal taking place - parties advised of options., 12/25/11 2229hrs family disturbance in the 34300 block of Roberts Rd. The 34 year old male that was the cause of the problem was transported back to Painesville by a family member., 12/25/11 2111hrs a vehicle left the roadway and struck cars in the parking lot of the Lucky Seven on Vine St. The 31 year old female attempted to leave the scene according to witnesses and the crowd from inside Lucky Seven prevented her from leaving. When investigation was complete the female, from Mentor was arrested for suspicion of driving under the influence and failure to control. She was held for court set bond and sobriety, 12/25/11 2211hrs complaint in the 700 block of E331St of a car that drove through the callers yard and got stuck. The 16 year old male was located, a tow called for a winch out and his father contacted who responded to the scene and advised he would do repairs on the yard in the spring., 12/25/11 1718hrs a resident advised she saw someone surfing on the lake by Galalina beach and requested we do a welfare check on the individual because the lake was rough and she believed it was to dangerous. EPD units checked at Galalina beach and the sea wall but were unable to locate anyone on the lake., 12/25/11 1433hrs EPD assisted EFD evacuating adults in the 36900 block of Shoreham after a male cut the gas line while doing repairs., 12/25/11 0058hrs a 20 year old male and his 15 year old brother from Kirtland were arrested after the 15 year old hit a street sign on Campers Dr in Lakeline, got stuck in the mud then fled the scene of the accident. The van they were driving was located on Lakeshore Bl. While officer was attempting to stop the vehicle they threw something out the window - which was later located and an additional charge of possession of marijuana was added to the hit skip, wrongful entrustment and several other traffic charges. The juvenile was released to his parents and by 0330hrs bond was posted for the adult. They were in the area attempting to locate an open store to go Christmas shopping..., 12/24/11 2219hrs officers were dispatched to a disturbance at the Circle Lounge. A female was using racial slurs, stealing patrons drinks and starting fights. The female was located outside the bar. She was unable to stand without assistance and did not have any identification on her person. She was taken into custody for her own safety. She was given a citation and released when sober., 12/24/11 2204hrs EPD received calls of a one car accident on SR 2 - witnesses advsied a vehicle hit the median, spun out across the freeway and struck the guardrail and is facing the wrong way on SR 2. Upon arrival the vehicle was no longer there. A few minutes later a caller from the 900 block of center reported a vehicle in her drive that appeared to have been in an accident. Upon arrival to that location it was confirmed that was the vehicle involved in the MVA and occupied by a 24 year old female from Mentor. The female claimed she was visiting at the home. The homeowner did not know the female. The female had an obvious broken hand and there was blood on her person as well as the inside of the vehicle. EFD was called to tend to her injuries. Once rescue was on scene she noticed her hand and fainted. She was transported to Lake West for treatment. At the hospital she was cited for OVI, failure to control and seatbelt (because of the injuries she sustained). She was released on an unsecured bond due to the extent of her injuries., 12/24/11 2104hrs officers responded to the 1300 block of E 359St for an unruly juvenile. The 16 year old male in a state of anger punched the family vehicle's windshield cracking it. The mother of the juvenile wished to pursue charges for criminal damage. Report sent to juvenile prosecutors for their review. The 16 year old was taken to a relatives house to spend the night., 12/24/11 1751hrs a 23 year old male from Lodi was taken into custody after shoplifting 39.87 worth of merchandise from Walmart. He was held pending the posting of bond., 12/24/11 1743hrs a hit-skip report was taken for an accident that occured 12/23 at 1743hrs in the parking lot of Walmart. A witness reported seeing a vehicle strike another and leave the scene. The witness obtained a license plate of the suspect vehicle. An officer also located the incident on video provided by Walmart and contacted the victim vehicle owner. A 20 year old female from Willowick was later cited for the hit-skip and given a court date., 12/24/11 0120hrs disturbance call at Dover Place Apts between a 20 year old female and her 24 year old (now) ex-boyfriend. The male wanted his now ex-girlfriend removed from the apartment after she threw an alcoholic beverage can at him and punched him in the head. The 20 year old was uncooperative and taken into custody for disorderly intoxication. The male suffered no injuries and did not wish to pursue assault charges. She was given a citation and released in the morning when sober., 12/22/11 1645hrs a complaint of a suspicious male at the Convenient on Vine led to the arrest of a 49 year old male from Euclid for disorderly intoxication. The male was observed looking into vehicles in the parking lot and urinating in public., 12/23/11 2136hrs a report of a fight in the toy department at Walmart - witnesses advised the two separated and went their separate ways prior to our arrival and were last seen heading to check out. EPD was unable to locate the two invovled., 12/23/11 0753hrs resident in the 37000 block of Lakeshore reported their lawn was damaged by someone "turfing" the yard. Officer was able to locate the vehicle a short distance away - they will take care of the damage., 12/22/11 1919hrs EPD assisted EFD with a commercial alarm drop at Walgreens. It was learned a child pulled the alarm in the store., 12/22/11 1636hrs a 76 year old male approached an officer in the parking lot and advised he could not locate his 73 year old wife or vehicle. Officer was able to locate the vehicle in the parking lot. His wife was located walking home to Euclid from Walmart. The two were reunited., 12/22/11 1519hrs young adults were doing donuts in the parking lot of Twin Value Optical and collided into one another. They exchanged information and were adivsed which of the driver's was at fault., 12/22/11 1502hrs EPD assisted EFD with a reported oven fire in the 900 block of E 348St. There were cookies burning in the oven - fire was contained to the oven - no injuries., For the fire victims: we are still waiting for confirmation from a local bank - will keep you posted as soon as we know something, The Eastlake Police Department would like to wish all of you a great and safe holiday season. Please keep you safety forces and military personnel in your thoughts and prayers again this year. We are proud to serve the citizens of Eastlake. Bless you All., 12/22/11 0958hrs a resident in the 1100 block of E 357St reported their front window was damaged by a BB as well as a resident in the 300 block of Woodstock., 12/21/11 2030hrs EPD responded to Lakeside Vista Estates for a truck that crashed into the fence that separates the two apartment complexes. The truck popped out of gear and rolled into the fence. It was not intentional., 12/21/11 1833hrs a resident on Dolores Dr reported someone unknown entered her garage and with chalk drew a picture of a hand with the middle finger up - easily washed off....., newsnet5.com 
A fire in a home on E. 360th Street in Eastlake sent two people to the hospital and left three people without a home. 

The fire broke out in the attic of the one story home just before 2 a.m. Thursday. According to Eastlake Battalion Chief Keith Skinner, a resident called 911 because their home filling with smoke. Once on the scene, Skinner says that the fire was spreading quickly through the attic. 

Skinner says that the fire started in the attic near the back of the home and was difficult to fight because the home has been added on to multiple times. Walls in the attic prevented the fire fighters from getting to the flames from inside the house. Skinner says another factor was the many boxes and mattresses in the attic. He said it created hoarder-like conditions which made it tough for fighters to get to the fire. Crews were forced to cut multiple holes in the roof to access the fire. 

The two injured people were transported by Willoughby EMS to a local hospital. Both were believed to be suffering from smoke inhalation, their conditions are unknown. 

The home suffered extensive fire and water damage, no estimate of damage was available. 

Skinner said firefighters will remain on the scene through the morning to make sure the fire doesn't re-ignite before an investigation into the cause of the blaze. 

The Red Cross is helping the victims find a place to stay. 

Eastlake was assisted by Willoughby, Willowick, and Mentor fire departments, 12/21/31 0133hrs an employee closing Billy's Old Front noticed a male standing by Convenient wearing a ski mask. The 36 year old male resident from Willoughby was identified and advised he was thrown out of his Grandmother's house this evening. He was transported to EPD to try to make arrangements for some place to stay., 12/20/11 2356hrs a resident having a sleepover noticed someone standing outside the window - it was young males dressed in a gorila suit trying to scare the girls - they called the complainant to apoligize to her., 12/20/11 2220hrs several calls received of houses/cars being egged on E 331St, Kennelworth and S Lakeshore....., 12/20/11 1900hrs an officer was flagged down in the parking lot of Walmart for a person that found a wallet. The wallet was returned to the 22 year old male from Willowick that lost it. All contents including the money inside were intact., 12/20/11 1831hrs EPD was called to assist a male in a motorized cart that could not locate his vehicle in the parking lot at Walmart. On arrival the officer looked for the vehicle and when he was unable to locate in went inside the store to talk to the caller.  Apparently he was able to find his vehicle on his own and left., 12/20/11 1950hrs a 21 year old female reported a 20 year old female ex-roommate used her credit card without her permission for the past 5 months. Invest continues, 12/20/11 1804hrs a resident on Garrett's Cove reported a very large sum of money was removed from a safe he keeps in the home. Interviews and investigation is ongoing..., An anon caller reported a 14 year old male was operating a vehicle on S Lakeshore and pulled into a driveway. Officers located the driver and the parked vehicle. The driver was a 17 year old male who was unlicensed. The keys to the car were taken back to the station for the vehicle owner to pick up. No violations were observed by the officer., Our department is still generating reports on residents that are falling for scams that are out there. If you receive mail or phone calls claiming you won a large sum of money from a contest / lottery / the estate of someone you don't know - chances are it is a scam. Never send money to receive "a prize". If it sounds too good to be true more than likely it is.  These crimes are generally from other countries in which we have no jurisdiction. Prosecution is likely not to occur. If you are at all unsure discuss the matter with family members or bring the documentation to EPD before you fall victim to these thieves., 12/19/11 2038hrs EPD assisted in keeping the peace on Brook Dr for a boarder / landowner complaint. The boarder will return to get her belonging including her horse at a later date., 12/19/11 1859hrs a 37 year old female from Jefferson reported while singing karaoke friday 12/16 at the Final Score person(s) unknown removed $324 and other items from her wallet that was in a zipped pocket of her jacket hanging on the back of the chair she was seated in., 12/19/11 1845hrs EPD assisted with an unruly child in the 33400 block of Morris. The juvenile had stolen money from the family and spent it on an item for himself. The mother was given options on how to resolve the problem and the child was also spoken to by the reporting officer., 12/19/11 1631hrs a disabled semi-truck broke down creating a large traffic back up at SR91 and SR2. Officers were able to get the truck out of the intersection so traffic could flow again. The truck, having lost it's steering was eventually towed from the scene., 12/17/11 1912hrs a 53 year old female from Willowick reports her purse was stolen from the parking lot of Walmart from a shopping cart. The suspect, captured on video, is a white male wearing a dark hoodie with "HCO" and an eagle on the left side driving a dark color GMC Jimmy. Invest is continuing., 12/18/11 1603hrs a resident from Olmstead Falls that was a vendor at the coin show at the Radisson reports after loading his coins/collectibles in his vehicle he returned to the hotel to return a dollie. When he returned to his vehicle he found his window broken and the suitcases containing the valuables missing. Total loss is valued at $100,000., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, 12/19/11 0142hrs EPD responded to Windsor Lodge Apts for an unwanted guest. The caller reported his 49 year old relative was intoxicated and refusing to leave. The male was given the option to call for a ride home by PD. He continued to be loud, argumentive and uncooperative with officers and his relative. He was taken into custody and held until sober. He was given a MM cite for disorderly conduct intoxication., 12/18/11 2233hrs report of a fight outside the Circle Lounge. The combatants, both males one 51 years old, the other 57 years old and both residents of the city were transported home for the evening., 12/18/11 1642hrs disturbance call in the 1500 block of E 337St. A 24 year old was fighting over a seat at the dining room table - a relative threw a plate in his direction and he called EPD. The 24 year old is leaving for the night to cool off and will return when all the anger subsides., 12/18/11 1206hrs a resident reported a male crawling into a window in the 1100 block of E 347St. On arrival officers located the male. The homeowner returned home a short time later and advised the male was indeed allowed in the home. However, the 31 year old male was arrested on an outstanding felony warrant involving drugs out of Euclid PD., 12/18/11 0155hrs EPD responded to a report of a group of males that walked to the rear of a home in the 1000 block of Woodstock. On arrival the males were running down the street toward Wilowick Dr. The teens, ages 15-19 were trying to visit a group of girls having a sleepover however the parents at the home were unaware of this - they were sent home., 12/17/11 1831hrs neighbor trouble in the 1700 block of E 337St. Two male neighbors, one of them intoxicated, were yelling back and forth at each other over a box of items one neighbor has been collecting for 6 months. The box contained misc garbage that he beleived his neighbor throws in his yard. They were advised to stay away from each other and to stay inside and ignore one another., 12/17/11 1505hrs domestic disturbance in the 400 block of Waterbury Dr between an 18 year old male and his 54 year old father. They were able to settle their argument and all involved remained at home., 12/17/11 1112hrs EPD responded to the 1300 block of E 343St for a disturbance. A child custody exchange became heated and physical. The parties were separated and advised to use the EPD lobby for their custody exchanges., 12/17/11 1318hrs a 50 year old male from Cleveland was arrested for shoplifting $102 worth of merchandise from Drug Mart. He was held for court set bond or arraignment., 12/17/11 0927hrs assault report taken in the 100 block of Carlenroy Dr. A 46 year old female claimed she was assaulted by her 36 year old boyfriend. The female declined to press charges., 12/17/11 0942hrs resident of the 37000 block of Clearway reported his vehicle that was parked in the roadway was struck and damaged. Invest continuing, 12/17/11 resident in the 35900 block of Stevens and a resident in the 33000 block of Beachpark also had their rear windows shattered by BB's., 12/17/11 0833hrs sometime between 12/16 and 12/17 a resident in the 800 block of Mannering had the rear window of his vehicle broken out by either a BB or pellet -, 12/17/11 0206hrs a vehicle was clocked going 54mph in a posted 35mph zone on Lakeshore Bl by Erie Rd. The vehicle was stopped for the violation. The 21 year old male was soon taken into custody on the suspicion of driving under the influence. He was also cited for driving under suspension - caused by a prior OVI arrest in a neighboring city., 12/17/11 0037hrs officers responded to Christine Ct for a vehicle that struck a mailbox, lamp post and came to a rest against a tree. The 27 year old female was later arrested for the suspicion of driving under the influence. She was booked in and held on $404 bond and until sober., Saturday's first snowfall - eleven accident reports throughout the city during 3:00 to 11:00, 12/16/11 2043hrs a hit-skip MVA was reported in the parking lot of Walmart. Through the use of surveillance video a suspect was identified. The 17 year old female was later cited for improper backing., 12/16/11 1800hrs a resident from the Surfside Garden apts reports an aquaintance used his credit card without his permission to purchase gas and groceries. Interviews and follow up to continue, Santa and his volunteers are visting Washington Elementary and Wee Care daycare this morning., 12/16/11 1645hrs private property hit-skip MVA report taken at Walgreens. A witness observed a truck back into a parked vehicle. The witness obtained the suspect vehicle license plate and it was also captured on Walgreen's video. Invest continues -, 12/16/11 0742hrs a resident in the 1200 block of E 342St reported the rear window of her vehicle was broken - possibly by a BB gun between 2200hrs 12/15 and 0730hrs 12/16., 12/15/11 2052hrs criminal damage report taken in the 700 block of Woodstock. The picture window on the home and two vehicles were damaged by BB's. Suspect vehicle is a light blue Mercury Marquis that was observed leaving the scene., 12/15/11 2039hrs officers responded to Dover Place Apts for a physical domestic between a male and a female. A 20 year old male was later arrested on domestic violence charges, booked and given a court date. He was released on a personal bond., 12/15/11 1652hrs disturbance/domestic called in at Eastview Meadows Apts - caller states male was intoxicated, punched the wall and was attempting to assault a female there. On arrival the male had left the apartment. He was located at the ER getting his broken hand treated - investigation will continue., null, null, null, null, 12/15/11 1158hrs dispatch received a call of a male stumbling into traffic at Lakeshore and Waverly. On arrival there were two males restraining a third obviously intoxicated male. (The two males had stopped their vehicle to assist the male as they thought he would stumble back in into the roadway and possibly get struck by a vehicle). The 32 year old male was arrested for disorderly intoxication and drug paraphernalia. He was held until sober and bond could be met., 12/15/11 0455hrs noise disturbance at Dover Place Apts - officer spoke to the resident and advsied them of the noise/music complaint. The 34 year old female advised she was doing pilates and will turn the tv down., 12/14/11 2311hrs a disturbance over a pair of high heels caused EPD to respond to the 35700 block of Roberts Rd. The shoes were returned...., 12/14/11 1749hrs officer responded to the libarary to assist an 20 year old female that found herself homeless after being evicted from the home she was living in. She was transported to EPD and assisted with getting in touch with a family member who agreed to take her in. They were then escorted to the old residence to pick up personal peroperty., 12/14/11 1552hrs officer responded to the 1000 block of E 347St reference a juvenile assault complaint. One male juvenile was charged with the assault on two other children - this in an on-going occurance between the two families - the dispostion will be decided by juvenile court. The parents of the children involved also got into a verbal argument over the incident - city proscutor will review the report and decide if charges will be filed on the adults involved., 12/14/11 1414hrs EPD responded to the 700 block of Arlene for a verbal argument between a 18 year old female and a 19 year old male. The female decided to leave the home for today, she will return at another time so they can work out their differences., 12/14/11 1339hrs shoplifting reported at Sunoco on Vine St - officers responding to the area located a 31 year old male matching the description walking down Waverly - swaying and stumbling. The male was stopped and the bottle of vodka that was stolen was in plain sight sticking out of the front of the males pants. The male was taken into custody for theft and his high level of intoxication. He was charged with theft, disorderly intox and open container, as he already had comsumed some of the vodka that was taken moments before. He was held on $404 bond., Santa and his voluteers are visiting Longfellow and St Justin's this morning! One of our favorite traditions every year....., A letter from Chief Reik, 12/13/11 1114hrs counterfeit bill report taken from Manny's Place - all reports forwarded to the Secret Service., 12/13/11 1003hrs a resident on Forest reported someone unknown attempted to steal his mailbox and post from the front of his home. The mailbox and post are make of heavy steal. They were located a short distance down the street., 12/13/11 0207hrs officers observed a vehicle traveling north on Erie Rd approaching Lakeshore with a shredded, flat front tire. When attempting to stop the vehicle it turned into Woodland Park where it finally stopped against the fence. The 28 year old male jumped out of the vehicle and became combative with officers. He was controlled by being tazed, was arrested and transported back to EPD on the suspicion of driving under the influence, resisting arrest, possession of marijuana, paraphernalia and other minor traffic violations., 12/12/11 2211hrs another counterfeiting report taken from a buisness on Vine St. The male suspect used a counterfeit $20 bill to purchase an alcoholic beverage. Investigations continuing...., 12/12/11 1823rhs criminal damaging/theft report taken in the 400 block of E 332St. A vacant house had light fixtures and a wall fireplace unit taken. Drywall, kitchen cabinets and window treatments were damaged as well as the kitchen floor due to water left running in the home. Investigation continuing., 12/12/11 1808hrs report of theft of two leather coats from the Croation Hall while the guest were attending a holiday party. Total loss $859., 12/12/11 0833hrs theft from vehicle reported in the 35700 block of Curtis Bl. Persons unknown removed a carpet pad from a work van. Waiting for the surveilance video for following up., 12/12/11 0317hrs disturbance call at the Maple Park Apts. The caller wanted her intoxicated boyfriend removed from her apartment. Arrangements were made for a relative to pick him up and he will make arrangements to pick up his belongings at a later date., 12/11/11 0434hrs EPd responded to the 500 block of Kalene Ct for a cab driver who dropped off his rider and did not pay for his fare. The male was driven to the ATM by an officer to take money out to pay. Once there is was discovered he did not have enough money in the bank to cover the cost and was then transported to EPD facing theft charges. A call to the 23 year old's father kept him from going to jail when he showed up a few minutes later to pay the cab driver., 12/11/11 0213hrs a 57 year old male was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence after striking an utility pole on Lakeshore Bl at Stevens in Lakeline. He was booked and held for bond or court appearance., 12/11/11 0149hrs EPD responded to the 1100 block of Waverly Rd for a verbal domestic. On arrival officers could hear yelling and objects being broken in the home. Eventually the 36 year old female resident was calmed down and later arrested for disorderly intoxication. She was held until sober., 12/10/11 1512hrs a 34 year old male was arrested on felony charges in teh 1300 block of E 345St for using his roommate's credit card for unauthorized withdrawals totaling $366.00. He was held without bond pending court appearance., 12/10/11 0122rhs a 38 year old male was thrown out of the Eastlake Tavern for fighting by employees. The male was attempting to re-enter, the employees locked the door and called EPD. There then was a physical altercation between the 38 year old and an 42 year old in the parking lot prior to our arrival. Neither party wanted to press charges - EPD provided the 38 year old a ride home., 12/09/11 2150hrs noise disturbance in the 38000 block of Dolres Dr. Resident was having a party, they were advised of the complaint and told there will be zero tolerance in the future for all noise disturbances at this home., 12/09/11 2044hrs a motorist found himself in a ditch trying to avoid another motorist that ran a red light at SR 91 and Vine St. A passing motorist called for a private tow for the 57 year old driver. There was no information on the vehicle that made the traffic violation., 12/09/11 2029hrs parking complaint reported in the 1400 block of E 330St. The five cars in violation were asked to move from the hydrant side of the street., 12/09/11 1707hrs report taken for a hit-skip accident that occured on SR 91 over SR 2. A semi truck struck the victim vehicle while both vehicles were turning onto SR 91. No injuries - investigation in continuing., 12/09/11 1900hrs a 45 year old female reported she was punched in the face by a male acquaintance outside of the Final Score bar. Due to her intoxicated state she was unable to provide pertinent information on her assailant. She was transported to Lake West for treatment of her injuries. Investigation will continue., 12/09/11 1749hrs a hit-skip accident was reported on Vine St near the Godwill Store. A truck went left of center and struck another vehicle. A few minutes later at 1752hrs EPD got calls of a 4 car injury MVA on SR 91 near SR 2 - the same truck from the hit-skip was found to be at fault in this accident as well. The 31 year old male was transported to a local hospital and after treatment was arrested for suspicion of driving under the influence of alcohol and/or drugs as well as other traffic violations including the hit-skip., 12/09+/11 1124hrs illegal use of a credit card report taken in the 34000 block of Sylvia. The complainant noticed 48 fraudulent charges to her account most of which were made on line. Invest continues..., 12/09/11 1034hrs report taken from Dollar General Store for receiving counterfeit $20.00 bills. It is believed to be the same suspect as prior reports., A 20inch bicycle with yellow spokes was found on Reeves Rd - if it is yours you can claim it at the PD, 12/09/11 0530hrs noise disturbance in the 500 block of Stevens Bl. The resident was advised of the complaint and lowered his television., 12/09/11 0320hrs EPD responded to the 1000 block of E 348St for an unknown male pounding on the door of the caller's house. While we were enroute, another male the caller did not know in a car pulled up, exitted and got the other male to enter the vehicle and drove off. We were unable to locate them. - No vehicle description., 12/09/11 0309hrs EPD responded to a report of a fist fight outside in the 200 block of E Overlook Dr. The two 23 year old males got into a verbal argument that escalated into a shoving match. One male involved was transported to the library to await a ride from his girlfriend., 12/09/11 0153hrs EPD responded to a report of a verbal domestic at Dover Park Apts. The couple was able to smooth out their differences and were done arguing for the evening., No amount of law enforcement can solve a problem that goes back to the family - J Edgar Hoover, 12/09/11 0234hrs a 26 year old male was arrested on suspcion of OVI after being observed sleeping through several light cycles at Vine St and Sr 2 by a motorist. Upon the officers arrival the vehicle drove forward, and was observed having a difficult time maintaining his vehicle and was stopped. He was transported to EPD where his bond was posted. He will be released when sober., 12/09/11 0111hrs a vehicle driving down Lakeshore Bl was stopped due to several traffic violations observed by an officer on routine patrol. The 15 year old driver was arrested soon after on felony charges of being in possession of a stolen vehicle along with the several traffic violations. According to the juvenile's mother this same 15 year old was arrested on B&E charges yesterday in a neighboring city. We also have had him on felony charges of burglary in the past. Due to these circumstances and the mother being unable to control her son's actions he was transported to Lake County Juvenile Detention until hearing is set., 12/08/11 2309hrs theft from auto report taken at the Eastview Meadows Apts. The owner of the unlocked vehicle had the power cord for a GPS taken as well as his wallet was gone through., 12/08/11 2024hrs stolen bicycle report taken from the Pal Center. A review of the video surveillance led to the arrest of a 14 year old male. The 14 year old was charged with the theft, bike returned to rightful owner with an Eastlake bicycle license issued., 12/08/11 1835hrs EPD had Cub Scout visitors touring the station -, 12/08/11 1559hrs disturbance call at the Final Score with reports of a male had "slashed" a female's face with a set of keys. The barmaid had kicked the male out of the bar prior to our arrival. The female victim advised she was alright and did not want rescue nor does she want to pursue charges. She advised there was a verbal argument between the two and she was accidently struck by the keys., 12/08/11 1433hrs EPD responded to Jaske Park on the report of a fight in progress involving a large group of juveniles. On arrival the large group began walking away. Two male juveniles one 14 and one 15 were identified as the ones to have been fighting. They were given MM citations for disorderly conduct fighting and will be referred to the Eastlake Juvenile Diversion Program., 12/08/11 1026hrs EPD responded to a call of domestic violence in the 900 block of Center Rd. According to family members on scene the two 42 year olds had been arguing since late the night before. Neither party wished to press charges against the other. The male half of the domestic decided to leave the residence., 12/01/11 2134hrs EPD was called to assist Eastlake rescue in the 36200 block of S Riverview.  Two juveniles 15 and 16 were highly intoxicated with one transported to Lake West Hospital. The two were charged with underage consumption and released to their parents/guardians. More charges are pending review from juvenile prosectors., 12/08/11 0317hrs officer on routine patrol at the dog park found a white (mixed breed) dog tied to the fence with a note which read "need a good home." Left with the dog was a bowl of food along with a dog toy. Unfortunately when the officer attempted to untie the dog for transport to a shelter it became too agressive. The dog warden was called for the rescue., 12/07/11 2144hrs complaint taken for threats being made by a former employee to the complainant. The former employee was contacted and advised to have no further contact with the complainant. He advised he would comply., 12/07/11 2115 hrs complaint taken at Maple Park Apts reference harassment/threats via facebook -upon reviewing the accounts the threats were mutual. They were both advised to leave each other alone., 12/07/11 2002hrs disturbance call in the 1200 block of E 348St between a mother and her 24 year old son where the son was reportedly attempting to destroy the home over a disagreement over prescription medication. The male was gone upon arrival and was not located in the immediate area. The mother advised he is no longer welcome at the house and if he returns he will be arrested for trespassing., During the month of November EPD generated 202 reports, 261 supplemental reports and 48 accident reports. There were 125 misdemenor arrests and 20 felony arrests made. Totals do not include traffic, court issued warrants or OVI arrests., 12/07/11 1649hrs a 32 year old female from Cleveland was arrested and charged with shoplifting, possession of drugs and criminal tools at Walmart after being observed opening a cell phone off of a locked rack and concealing it in her purse. She is currently being held pending posting of $404 bond or court appearance., 12/07/11 1449hrs EPD was requested for an escort by a rental company to stand by while they retrieved property loaned to a tenant that was being evicted at Lakeside Estates Apts. Property was retrieved without incident., 12/07/11 1331hrs EPD was requested for a stand by at Eastlake Middle school reference a custody dispute. Peace was kept and they were advised how to obtain civil orders to reach agreements in the future., 12/07/11 1218hrs officers responded to a domestic disturbance on E 365St. The parties were separated and interviewed. The male half of the domestic voluntarily packed his belongings and left the home., 12/07/11 1121hrs a 31 year old male, address unknown at this time, was arrested for attempting to walk out of Walmart with a flat screen TV model that was hanging on the wall. Found on his person was a large amount of suspected heroin. He was charged with the theft, two felony charges involving the heroin and he also has warrants pending from other agencies. He is currently being held without bond pending court appearance., 12/07/11 0843hrs a resident in the 34800 block of Roberts reports her vehicle was damaged by a brick sometime in the overnight hours. The vehicle had the passenger side front window and windshield smashed out., null, null, null, EPD is seeking the identity of this male. He is a suspect in the transferring of counterfeit money throughout the city. Anyone with any information is asked to call EPD 440-951-1400 or email cbowersock@eastlakepd.org, 12/06/11 2006hrs an intoxicated male was reportedly walking into the roadway into traffic and crossing the street on Lakeshore Bl. We responded and located the 60 year old male three minutes later - passed out in the roadway. Due to facial injuries he was transported to lake west ER, 12/06/11 2140hrs a traffic altercation between a 43 year old male and his 35 year old girlfriend ended with the male getting a citation for reckless operation on private property. The alteration began on Vine St continuing to E 337St where the two vehicles pulled into Eastlake Terrace apts. Both vehicles entered a grassy area - the female was able to continue however the male got his vehicle struck in the mud. - More charges are pending., 12/06/11 2033hrs Ekko our canine and his handler responded to the area of Robinhood and Kilarney to assist WPD with trying to locate a suspect that was fleeing from the police after being seen breaking into cars. The suspect was not located at that time., 12/06/11 1028hrs theft by deception report taken for a male who answered an ad in a newspaper for a driver's position. He was contacted and told he would be hired to drive the employer's mother around who was arriving from another country. The male was given two checks, told to deposit them, withdraw a set amount and wire the money to an address at a different location - the rest of the money was payment in advance. After the money was wired it was learned the checks were fraudulent., 12/06/11 1028hrs theft by deception report taken for a male who answered an ad in a newspaper for a driver's position. He was contacted and told he wouild be hired to drive the employer's mother around who was arriving from another country. The male was given two checks, told to deposit them, withdrawl a set amount and wire the money to an address at a different location - the rest of the money was payment in advance. After the money was wired it was learned the checks were fraudulent., River checks were conducted yesterday and is still being monitored today. At 2200hrs on 12/05/11 the river reached 8ft and flood procedures were started (advising dept heads, fire dept, the mayor etc). At 0022hrs the river reached 8 1/2ft. 0113hrs the river crested the bank at Eastlake Marina by 0144hrs the river was within it's banks again. 0440hrs rose to 8 1/2ft again lowering at 0538hrs receding to 6 1/2ft as of noon today., River checks were conducted yesterday and is still being monitored today. At 2200hrs on 12/05/11 the river reached 8ft and flood proceedures were started (advising dept heads, fire dept, the mayor etc). At 0022hrs the river reached 8 1/2ft. 0113hrs the river crested the bank at Eastlake Marina by 0144hrs the river was within it's banks again. 0440hrs rose to 8 1/2ft again lowering at 0538hrs receding to 6 1/2ft as of noon today., 12/06/11 0401hrs a 48 year old male from Cleveland was hitchhiking on Lakeshore by Carlton. He was provided a ride to the RTA bus stop in Willowick., 12/05/11 1812hrs hit-skip report taken for a truck that drove over tree lawns and hit a tree in the 35800 block of Hobbie Dr. The suspect truck is described as a full size, extended cab, chevy truck with a cap over the bed of the truck - dark blue or black in color. The truck should have damage to the front passenger side bumper and headlight trim cover. Anyone with information can call EPD 951-1400 or email stryon@eastlakepd.org, 12/05/11 1626hrs EPD received complaints of three people wearing yellow jackets knocking on doors at the Willowood Apts telling people their gas bills are due. Dominion was contacted and they advised they were not in the area. Officers checked the entire complex and were unable to locate the suspects., 12/05/11 1314hrs report taken for theft of scrap from North High near the welding shop. The theft occured at 0612hrs by a white male with long hair driving a red dodge truck - if you have any information you can call EPD 440-951-1400 or email wclayton@eastlakepd.org, ****UPDATE****11/13/11 0748hrs a 56 year old female employee at Walmart reported on 11/12/11 she was assaulted by a customer at the store. The customer was attempting to scan sugar at the self check-out register and the sugar would not scan. When the employee attempted to assist the famale, the angry customer rammed her shopping cart into the employee causing bruising on the hip area. Under investigation - On 12/05/11 a 29 year old female from Euclid was arrested for this assault. She was booked into EPD and held pending bond or court appearance., 12/05/11 1121hrs EPD officers assisted Geneva on the Lake Pd executing a warrant arrest in the 1300 block of E 343St. The 24 year old male had a felony warrant from their department relating to drugs. The male was refusing to exit his house and his 56 year old mother was interfering. The male was eventually taken into custody without further incident., 12/04/11 1751hrs serveral calls of a male driver traveling at a very slow rate of speed inpeeding traffic, swerving and coming to complete stops after hitting curbs on Lakeshore near Erie Rd. The vehicle was located - the 90 year old male was on his way to visit his girlfrirend in Richmond Hts. The driver was transported to EPD, his vehicle driven to EPD by an officer. His daughter was contacted to pick her father up and the girlfriend was notified he would not be able to visit this evening per the male's request., 12/04/11 0435hrs noise complaint at Dover Place Apts - neighbors being loud. They were advsied of the complaint., The power is out on Vine St - there are signs up at the intersections for Vine St and E 337St and Curtis - treat the stop signs as 4-way stops. CEI was advised of the outage ETA unknown at this time., Thank all of you for your donations for the EASTLAKE COMMUNITY CHRISTMAS- the toys are still coming in today.  Our goal is to be able to provide for all the families that are in need in the city. Thanks again..., 12/04/11 0250hrs while in the area looking for the suspect involved in the felony domestic from 0228hrs, an officer observed a vehicle speeding on Lakeshore Bl and while being observed going well over the marking lines on the roadway. The vehicle was stopped and a 23 year old female arrested on suspicion of OVI. She was booked and held for bond and sobriety., 12/04/11 0206hrs officers were dispatched to the Radisson on a complaint from several guests of a female walking the hallways humming loudly.  The female was located, she too was a guest in the hotel. She was escorted to her room and advised not to walk the hallways., 12/04/11 0228hrs a 41 year old male was arrested for felony domestic violence on the 34200 block of Lakeshore Bl. The male assaulted a 27 year old female and fled the scene. Officers at that time could not locate the male in the area. A short time later the male forced his way in the front door and was located by officers hiding in the basement and taken into custody., 12/04/11 0051hrs a vehicle stopped speeding on Stevens Bl and running a stop sign resulted in the 38 year old male driver being arrested for suspicion of driving under the influence., 12/03/11 1347hrs EPD responded to the 1300 block of E 354St on the report of 4-5 juveniles on the roof of a house. The responding officer spoke to one juvenile who resided at the home who promised he and his friends would stay off the roof - no parents were home at the time., 12/03/11 1332hrs report taken for the theft of an 36' aluminum ladder from Surfside Hardware valued at $300., 12/03/11 1219rhs buisness in the 33000 block of Curtis reported their entire air conditioning unit was stolen - value $4,000. Investigation is continuing., 12/03/11 0948hrs a resident reported it appeared a vehicle turfed some yards and went over the curb and striking the street sign at Stevens and Valley Creek. The suspect vehicle also left his license plate behind.....the 23 year old male was located and given citations for failure to control and hit-skip., 12/03/11 0049hrs EPD responded to a disturbance in the 37800 block of Green Dr. Two males were arguing over unpaid rent - they decided to handle the problem in the morning when sober., 12/03/11 0046hrs two juveniles were given curfew citations after they were seen running through yards in the 700 block of E 331St. They were transported back to the station and picked up by their parents., 12/02/11 1934hrs a 46 year old male was cited for hit-skip and driving under suspension after he struck a vehicle driven by a 16 year old male at Subway on Vine St and left the scene. The 16 year old obtained the license plate of the suspect vehicle which led the officer to the suspects home where he was given the citations., 12/02/11 1035hrs theft report also in the 35700 block of Curtis Bl. Cooling elements were taken from another air conditioning unit., 12/02/11 0712hrs report of a theft of a motor from an air conditioning unit in the 35700 block of Curtis Bl., CONGRATS KIRTLAND HORNETS STATE FOOTBALL CHAMPS!, 28-7 2min to go!, Lake County Kirtland Hornets are 14-0 at half time -, 12/01/11 1404hrs EPD was called to check the welfare of a dog left in a vehicle at Shorecircle Convenient for reportedly at least 40 minutes. The owner of the vehicle was located - the pooch had food and water in the car and was sleeping on the backseat on arrival. The windows were also down enough to get fresh air., 12/01/11 1030hrs the property manager of EastView Meadow Apts reported a vehicle drove across the grassy area of the property damaging it. Contact was made with the driver responsible - it was agreed upon to provide the manager with a bag of grass seed for repairs., 12/01/11 0913hrs theft from vehicle report taken from the 34000 block of Melinz Pkwy. Taken were a GPS and two power cords., By News-Herald staffEditor@News-Herald.com@NHCrimeandFire, 11/30/11 1900hrs our officers responded to 36542 Vine St for a man with a gun. Upon arrival officers observed a female restraining a male. Another male was sitting on the ground with injuries to his head. Preliminary investigation indicates the female and her boyfriend were in his apartment. A former associate of the female arrived to the apartment banging on the door. Both the male and female answered the door. At this time the other male produced a handgun and pointed it at the male inside the apartment. A struggle ensued causing head injuries to the male resident. The suspect was knocked to the floor and restrained by the female. The suspect died at Lake West Hospital. Investigation to continue and names are being withheld until notification., 11/30/11 2320hrs loud music complaint from the Circle Lounge - they were advised of the complaint and did not realize their back door was left open., 11/30/11 2106hrs disturbance between a 40 year old male and 46 year old female in the 1300 block of E 362St. The male half decided to leave and will be provided with an escort today by EPD to gather his belongings., 11/30/11 2034hrs report of an abandoned vehicle blocking a driveway in the 34000 block of Glen Dr. We were unable to locate the vehicle's owner and a check with neighbors had negative results. The vehicle was towed., 11/30/11 1743hrs EPD and EFD responded to Wookstock for a report a child was hit by a car - the car left the scene. The child was transported to the hospital with a leg injury. The investigation revealed the child had fallen off his bike, was not hit by a car but was frightened he would get in trouble for falling off the bike., 11/30/11 1555hrs roadrage complaint between two vehicles traveling down Lakeshore to Hillcrest. Both parites were spoken to and the 49 year old male from Stow was advised to use all five fingers when waving at someone., 11/30/11 1420hrs PD assisted FD with an oil spill at Lakeshore and Erie - it appeared a 5 gal. bucket fell off a truck and spilled oil in the intersection., 11/30/11 1144hrs trouble with neighbors at the Chagrin Trailer Park - ongoing situation. They were advised to stop calling each other since it was mutual., 11/30/11 1046hrs disturbance in the 1300 block of E 343St. An 18 year old male threw a rock at the 20 year old female caller's car breaking a headlight during an arguement. The male agreed to replace the headlight and the caller declined to pursue charges., 11/30/11 0931hrs officers asssited with a "lock down" drill at Washington Elementary School, 11/30/11 0913hrs EPD responded to a disturbance call in the 1400 block of E 359St. When the female resident anwered the door another female pushed her way into the home and began assaulting her 29 year old male roommate. On our arrival the female had already fled the home in a vehicle. The victim did not want to press charges nor want any further police involvement., 11/30/11 0116hrs a 36 year old male came to EPD lobby to make a menacing complaint against a female aquaintance. While in the lobby it was discovered he had two felony warrants for his arrest through our department for receiving stolen property and forgery steming from a theft from his 90 year old grandmother. He was booked in and held without bond. As for the menacing all parties involved were advised to have no contact with each other., 11/29/11 1541hrs Epd responded to a fireworks complaint on Center Rd. Two 21 year old males were given citations for discharging the fireworks., 11/29/11 0947hrs a group of young teens at Eastlake Middle School were spoken to reference breaking a window and egging the school and also egging cars at McDonalds. The school is handling the discipline of the students and parents paying restitution for the broken window., 11/29/11 1147hrs report taken for an abandoned child - report and investigation continuing..., 11/29/11 1055hrs EPD units assited Wickliffe Pd by arresting a burglary suspect in the 1200 block of E 343St. The 31 year old male was wanted for two burglaries in Wickliffe and one in Seven Hills. He was arrested on the felony warrants and custody transfered to Wickliffe PD., 11/29/11 0839hrs on-going neighbor problem continued this day in the 35900 block of Matoma. It was determined both parties were at fault and were advised to go about their day and mind their own business., 11/29/11 0810hrs disturbance/unwanted guest complaint int the 35900 block of Stevens. The resident advised two people on his property were refusing to leave. This was a dispute between a contractor and the homeowner. They were advised to take the matter to civil court to settle their differences., 11/28/11 1457hrs dispatch received several 9-1-1 calls of a van that struck a fence at the end of E 362St. It was determined the vehicle's brakes failed causing teh 38 year old male to strike the fence. The fence owner on Stevens was advised of the damage., 11/28/11 1107hrs sometime over the weekend several catalytic converters were removed from vehicles at the TKP lot on Vine St. Investigation is continuing., 11/27/11 2209hrs burglary report taken in the 1500 block of E 337St. The burglary was interrupted by the homeowners teenage son - the two suspects fled the area when they saw the teenager. Property taken was recovered a few door down. The witness advsied the two suspects fled in a vehicle that was parked near the Eastlake Terrace Apts. Investigation is continuing., 11/27/11 1944hrs two men were arrested in connection with a theft and theft by deception at Walmart. A third male, a 41 year old was cited and released for driving under suspension - he was waiting in the parking lot for the 59 year old male from Euclid -charged with theft and theft by deception and the 49 year old male from Mentor charged with theft by deception also. All three males advised they were supporting a drug habit., 11/27/11 1627hrs theft from vehicle report was taken on Shore Dr. The resident stated her IPod was stolen from her vehicle., 11/27/11 1339hrs a 53 year old female from Eastlake was arrested for shoplifting at Valu-King. She placed meat in her shopping cart and exitted the store. She was arrested and transported to EPD and processed. Upon completion she posted her $404 bond and was released., 11/27/11 0140hrs a 26 year old male visiting from Oklahoma struck a utility pole on Lakeshore at Parkway. The male stated he passed out from drinking too much thus causing the accident. When asked why he was in Eastlake he advised he was in Parma not Eastlake. He was transported to Lake West to get diagnosed for any potential injuries. Upon his release he was transported to EPD charged with OIV, driving under suspension and failure to control. He was held on a cash bond due to being a flight risk., 11/26/11 1438hrs an officer running traffic enforcement on Vine St observed a vehicle pull out of a buisness on Vine cutting off a vehicle that had to swerve out of the way to avoid being struck. The vehicle was stopped and the 49 year old male was arrested for OVI a short time later along with the other traffic violations. If convicted this will be his third OVI., 11/25/11 2234hrs a resident on E 346St received a call from a male stating he was from General Electric and was receiving a high usuage reading and was coming to their home at 3pm to check on it in person. The illuminating Company was contacted by EPD. They advised they don't do anything like that and were not the people that contacted the homeowner. Be aware of any suspicious calls., 11/25/112040hrs criminal mischief report taken for a 40 year old female that was parked at Walmart. While she was inside someone used water soluble paint and wrote on her windows, "learn how to park". Video was reviewed at Walmart - she was assisted by the reporting officer cleaning the paint off her windows., 11/25/11 1732hrs a 28 year old female was arrested for drunkeness and trespassing after refusing to leave Walmart when asked. She reportedly was sitting on a bench inside the entrance "acting strange." She continued her bizzar behavior on our arrival and was taken into custody a short time later., 11/24/11 1940hrs a female was bitten several times on the legs by two loose dogs on Green Dr while she was walking her dog. The female was transported to Hillcrest hospital for treatment. The owner of the dogs was cited for dog at large and advised to keep the dogs quarantined for ten days., 11/25/11 1449hrs residents in the 1000 block of Woodstock were advsied of the burning leaves and yard waste ordinance and advsied to put out their fire., 11/25/11 0226hrs noise complaint answered at Lakeside Estates. A 22 year old was babysitting a bunch of children - he remedied a more quiet solution to keep them entertained., 11/24/11 2358hrs noise complaint reported in the 34300 block of Lakeshore Bl. The party playing drums was advised of the complaint., 11/24/11 at 1934hrs two vehicles traveling down Reeves Rd where struck with either a BB or a Pellet. The first vehicle suffered a cracked windshield, the second had the passenger side window shattered out. Both drivers and passengers were not injured. Invest is continuing., 11/24/11 1032hrs felony theft report taken for a contractor who poured a sidewalk on Willowick Dr. When he returned to the house to retrieve his equipment it was missing., 11/24/11 0238hrs while two cruiser were on a criminal damage complaint on Lakeshore Bl a 27 year old male from Mentor struck the rear of one of the cruisers as the officer was getting into his vehicle forcing that cruiser into the other cruiser that was occupied by an officer. The male's vehicle came to a rest on it's roof. One officer and the driver of the vehicle were transported for treatment at local hospitals. The male was later given citations at the hosptial for OVI, driver inattention and no seatbelt., 11/23/11 1954hrs a 25 year old female from Mentor was arrested for shoplifting about $48 worth of merchadise from Walmart. Loss prevention obtained her license plate as she left the parking lot. She was contacted, turned herself in with the merchandise, booked in and was given a court date to face the charges., 11/23/11 at 1430hrs a 28 year old male was arrested on Parkway on suspicion of driving under the influence of drugs. The male was followed by a witness after he struck a mailbox in Mentor. While on Parkway he drove his vehicle into a ditch line. The male had to be assisted from his vehicle as he was unable to exit on his own. If convicted this wil be his second OVI involving drugs., 11/24/11 2303hrs noise complaint in the 1200 block of E 360St. The resident was advised of the complaint and he agreed to keep the music down., 11/24/11 2056hrs EPD responded to a neighbor dispute in the 34700 block of Lakeshore Bl. The dispute was over barking dogs. They were given advise on how to deal with each other as neighbors., 11/24/11 0549 hrs loud music complaint answered at the Dover Place Apts. The resident was advised of the complaint., 11/24/11 0449hrs report of a lawn glider chair missing from Ranch Manor Apts., 11/23/11 1928hrs a female driving on SR 91 at Roberts Rd drove into a ditch to avoid hitting a deer. A tow was contacted for her vehicle., 11/23/11 1855hrs EPD responded to the 200 block of Plymouth for a burglary in progess call. Three men entered the home through a back window. It was the homeowner who is in the process of moving out of the home., 11/22/11 burglary report taken in the 33000 block of Guilbert. Missing from the home was cast iron boiler registers, baseboard heaters, all the pipes and faucets were removed. Walls were opened in several places to remove cooper pipe. The furnace was removed along with the flue that lead to the roof. Anyone with any information is asked to call the PD 440-951-1400, EASTLAKE COMMUNITY CHRISTMAS 2011, 11/22/11 0125hrs a truck was observed traveling slowly and could be seen weaving back and forth down Lakeshore Bl. The 38 year old male driver was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence, other minor traffic violations and drug paraphernalia. He was held until sober and bond could be met., 11/21/11 2203hrs officers responded to the 32000 of Barbara Ave on an assault and criminal damaging report. A 33 year old female was arrested for the assault on the 32 year old male and criminal damaging for breaking a 50" television., 11/21/11 2102hrs a 38 year old male was arrested from Brookdale after violating a temporary protection order issued by Painesville court. He was held without bond until arraignment., 11/21/11 2012hrs dispatch received a call from a female at North High School who was locked in the restroom - she was attending a zumba class. The reporting officer located a custodian and she was freed., 11/21/11 1248hrs EPD responded to the 35000 block of Lakeland for a traffic altercation with one driver reportedly producing a machete and threatening the other driver. It was found both drivers were at fault reference the traffic altercation. Neither wished to pursue any charges. They were sent on their way., 11/20/11 1936hrs domestic disturbance in the 300 block of Waverly Rd. A 28 year old intoxicated male was arrested for threatening domestic violence. He was held pending sobriety and bond., 11/20/11 0312hrs report of two males stumbling and then laying in the roadway at Vegas and Roberts. The two 21 year old males were escorted to a home they were spending the night at a short walking distance down the street., 11/20/11 0214hrs EPD reponded to the Lakeside Vista Eastates for a loud juvenile party. On arrival all the persons present hid in bedrooms and closets. Three female juveniles were transported back to EPD to await a ride from their parents. The adult males present at the 16 year old party giver's apartment, were sent on their way. The caregiver of the 16 year old was advised not to let him have any more parties., 11/19/11 2159hrs EPD reponded to a child endangering call at at Lake Estates where a small child was reportedly left home alone and opened the apartment door. The child's father was found asleep on the couch., 11/19/11 1309hrs solicitor complaint anwered on Freed Ct. Male selling meat out of a black pick up truck was advised he needed a permit to solicit in the city., 11/19/11 1253hrs solicitor complaint answered on Waverly Rd. The female was advised of the complaint, she had a permit for Willowick but not Eastlake and didn't realize she crossed over city limits., 11/19/11 0131hrs a 32 year old male was arrested on suspicion of OVI after being stopped for a speed violation on Vine St. He was processed and held until sober and bond could be met., 11/18/11 2202hrs officers reponded to the 700 block of E 347St for an unwanted guest complaint. A 46 year old male was arrested for menacing his 49 year old brother and another male was asked to leave the residence. The 46 was held at EPD until sober, bond could be met or arraignment., 11/18/11 1912hrs a 50 year old male from Lyndhurst and a 49 year old female from New Lyme were arrested for stealing a 39.00 toy helicopter. The male removed the toy from the packaging and the female concealed it in her purse - observed by store security. The two were brought back to EPD, processed and were able to make bond a short while later., 11/18/11 EPD received a complaint of two carloads of juveniles driving recklessly down SR 2. One of the vehicles was located. The 17 year old driver advsied he and his friends were trying to give "high fives" out the windows while driving on the freeway with another group of friends in another car. He was advised on the dangers of his actions. His parents were contacted and will take care of the discipline., 11/17/11 2047hrs a 36 year old female was arrested on two counts of child endagering. One of the children called EPD to report his mother was highly intoxicated and yelled at them to go to bed when the two children requested dinner. EPD found the female unable to care for herself or her children as she was barely able to walk. She was taken into custody and the children released to the custody of their father who resides in a nearby city., 11/17/11 1808hrs complaint answered reference two juveniles that are having problems with each other in school. A meeting was arranged with both families so they could work out their differences together., 11/17/11 1315hrs a homeless male walked into a restaurant on Vine St and was given a free meal by them and they allowed him to stay. A customer noticed the male pouring beer into his coffee cup and he was asked to leave by employees. EPD received a second call that the male had returned. The 60 year old male was arrested for disorderly intoxication. He was held until sober then provided a ride to the bus stop., 11/17/11 1001hrs a 17 year old male and a 20 year old male were arrested at Jakse Park after being observed smoking snythentic marijuana. The 20 year old was released with a citation, the 17 year old was charged with possessing synthentic drugs, drug paraphernalia and daytime curfew then released to a parent., 11/15/11 1528hrs theft report taken from a business in the 34000 block of Melinz Pkwy. During working hours a computer was stolen from an office building., 11/17/11 0354hrs dispatch received a call of a suspicious male walking back and forth by the entrance of Dover Place Apts carrying a back pack. The 30 year old male was identifed and was found to be walking to work at Giant Eagle., 11/16/11 1648hrs a road rage on Lakeshore lead to an OVI arrest of a 52 year old male. A witness reported the suspect vehicle was chasing another truck down Lakeshore. The victim truck turned suddenly onto Pinehurst. The suspect vehicle tried to follow going up onto a lawn, backed out, struck a planter then pulled into the center grassy strip doing doughnuts. He was arrested for suspicion of OVI. At EPD he refused a breathilizer test and was transported to Lake West for a mandatory blood draw due to previous convictions for OVI (three in the last 6 years). He was held for sobriety and bond., 11/17/11 0217hrs disturbance call in the 1200 block of E 360St between a 32 year old male and a 29 year old female. The female half left until things cool off and the male half went to bed for the evening., 11/16/11 2242hrs disturbance call answered at Dove Place Apts. A 24 year old male was kicking the car of a 22 year old female. Parties were separated with the male leaving for the evening. The female did not want to pursue charges for any damages to her vehicle., 11/16/11 1749hrs disturbance call the the Chagrin Trailer Park between two male roommates. The situation was remedied without incident. The 46 year old male agreed to stay outside and the 58 year old male was going to stay inside., 11/16/11 1716hrs officers responded to the 900 block of E 346St for the report of a male climbing thru the front window of a residence. It was found to be a juvenile that lived at the residence sneaking back into the house because he had been grounded., 11/16/11 1107hrs burglary report taken in the 1200 block of E 346St. Investigation continues., 11/16/11 1034hrs EPD asssited the Kentucky Boone County Sheriff's office by conducting an interview of a person of interest in an on going investigation relating to a child crime case in their jurisdiction., 11/16/11 0858hrs a male dragging a tarp full of leaves attached to his car with a chain on SR 91 was stopped and cited for unsecure load. The male stated he was bringing the leaves and yard waste to DeMilta's to dump., 11/15/11 2131hrs officer was called to a theft report at Vine East Apts. The male caller reported he moved out of the apartment about two months ago and when he returned on this date his tv and couch were gone. It was discovered he was on a lease with his ex-girlfriend who moved out and took the items. He was advised it was a civil problem - they both owned the property together., 11/15/11 2113hrs an 18 year old male was arrested for receiving stolen property for taking an Ipad from a juvenile at a party over the weekend. The male was processed and released on an unsecured appearance bond with a court date., 11/15/11 1957hrs traffic altercation between two female motorists on Lakeshore Bl. The complainant advised a car was following her aggressively yelling at her and passed her on the left side of the roadway while still yelling. The suspect vehicle was located on Pinehurst. The female driver was angry for the other motorist stopping a yellow light and driving to slowly., 11/15/11 1659hrs disturbance call in the 33000 block of Glen Dr. The caller reported an altercation between her son and her daughter's boyfriend. The 30 year old son was escorted from the home and advised not to return or face trespassing charges., 11/15/11 officer responded to the 34200 block of Glen Dr for a homeowner who noticed oil in the sewer. The EPA was called since the oil was already in the sewer system., 11/15/11 1214hrs officer assisted a mother with her unruly 14 year old son on E 331St. Both parties were spoken to with options given to the mother on handling her son., 11/15/11 0432hrs report of a theft from Ranch Manor Apts. A female aquaintance visiting stole money from the male complainant. The male decided he did not wish to pursue charges., 11/15/11 0131 units reponded to Sunoco Food Mart on the report of a male harassing customers as they walked into the store. The 53 year old male, who stated he hitch-hiked here from West Virgina, was agitated because the store clerk refused to sell him alcohol (five different times) as it was after hours for sale at their store. The male who was sitting on the curb because he was too intoxicated to stand was arrested for disorderly intoxication and will be held until sober., 11/14/11 2022hrs EPD units responded to Lakeside Estates for a male that entered an apartment unwelcomed and unknown by the residents. The combative and intoxicated 29 year old male was arrested for burglary, resisting arrest and disorderly intoxication. He is being held without bond until arraignment., 11/14/11 1854hrs report taken on a "grandparent scam" in which a person receives a call from someone posing as a Detective from Canada stating that person's grandchild was involved in an accident/arrested. The "detective" instructs the grandparent to wire money to an address so the grandchild can leave Canada. The grandparent asked to speak to his grandchild. The detective advised he suffered a broken nose and did put a male on the phone that the grandparent beleived to be his grandson. The scam is complete even to the fact the fake detective knew the grandson's friend's names. After the money was wired, the grandparent discovered his grandson was in fact at work in Ohio. A call to Western Union to try to stop the $2400 from posting had already been posted., 11/14/11 1813hrs officers responded to an unwanted guest in the 1200 block of E 345St. An intoxicated 42 year old female was removed from the residence and received a ride home from a sober male., 11/14/11 1711hrs a 29 year old female was removed from Valu-King and advised not to return or face trespassing charges for attempting to sell her food stamps for money which is illegal., 11/14/11 1533hrs officers responded to an auto shop on Vine for a disturbance with a customer over a repossessed car. Report sent to the prosecutor for review of charges., 11/14/11 1227hrs neighbor complaint on Matoma answered. One neighbor kept coming out of his home yelling and swearing at the other. He was advised to stop his behavior or face charges., 11/14/11 1020hrs stolen motorcycle report taken from the 34600 block of Lakeshore. The motorcycle was recovered later in the day abandoned in a nearby private parking lot inoperable., 11/13/11 2203hrs EPD responded to a disturbance at Dover Place Apts between a male and a female. The arguement was over the female's cat. The male packed his belongings and left the apartment. He was advised not to return or face getting arrested for trespassing., 11/13/11 1410hrs EPD received a complaint of a dirt bike speeding up and down Stevens Bl. When the officer arrived the juvenile was observed doing a wheelie on the double yellow line against traffic. The 17 year old male was cited and will face the charge in juvenile court., 11/13/11 0748hrs a 56 year old female employee at Walmart reported on 11/12/11 she was assaulted by a customer at the store. The customer was attempting to scan sugar at the self check-out register and the sugar would not scan. When the employee attempted to assist the famale, the angry customer rammed her shopping cart into the employee causing bruising on the hip area. Under investigation, 11/13/11 0115hrs officers responded to the Radisson on a report of a fight in progress between several males. On arrival a male was observed being restrained by several other males on the second floor of the hotel. It was determined after questioning the 28 year old male, here on a working visa from the UK, was caught looking into a room where a bride was getting help from her bridemaids removing her dress. The male was asked to leave the hallway by members of the wedding party. He refused and lunged the crowd randomly punching both males and females thus taking on the entire bridal party. He was arrested and charged with five counts of assault. He was treated for his injuries and held on court set bond., 11/13/11 0057hrs report of a loud music/disturbance at Eastlake Terrace Apts. Resident was advised of the complaint and turned the music down., 11/12/11 1843hrs report of leaves on fire near a propane tank in the 1300 block of E 351St ended up being a fully involved deteached garage fire. Fire was out by 1900hrs., 11/12/11 1615hrs a 42 year old male and his two young sons entered Valu-King with an empty box. The male proceeded to fill the box with groceries. He sent the two young boys outside first then he attempted to leave with $71.50 worth of groceries when he was detained by Valu-King security. He was arrested, processed made bond a short time later and was released., 11/12/11 1602hrs open burn complaint answered in the 36800 block of Lakeshore. Resident advised of city ordinances and to extinguish the fire., 11/12/11 1550hrs officers assisted with a civll matter at a car dealership on Vine St. All parties were advised how to proceed with the problems they were having., 11/12/11 dispatch received a call of an elderly male lying behind a vehicle in the parking lot of the Final Score that appeared to be injured. The 69 year old male had facial injuries and was extremely intoxicated. Rescue was called to treat his injuries. The male could not remember how he received his injuries. He was transported home and released to the custody of his wife after refusing transport to the ER., 11/12/11  0015hrs officers answered a complaint for hit-skip MVA that occured in th parking lot of the Handle Bar. Witnesses stated the vehicle fled the area on Vine then down E 342St.  Officers located the vehicle parked in 1200 block of E 342St. A 28 year old male was identifed by the victim as the driver of the vehicle. He was taken into custody for suspicion of OVI, hit-skip and improper backing. His 30 year old female passenger was also arrested for obstructing offical business. Both were held for sobriety then bond or court arraignment., 11/11/11 2246 received a complaint of an underage party on Susan Ct. Everyone was checked at the party and all of were the legal drinking age., 11/11/11 1634hrs a 59 year old male - repeat offender - was arrested at Valu-King for shoplifting $15.81 worth of groceries although he purchased other groceries from the store as well. He was able to post bond and was released with a court date., 11/11/11 0545hrs received complaints of theft from vehicles in the area of E 340St and Luanna Dr. All the vehicles were reportedly unlocked, entered sometime after 2100hrs on 11/10/11. Please lock your cars in the driveway., The flags at the Blvd of 500 flags are being taken down tomorrow morning at 9am for the winter season. Anyone wishing to volunteer their time to help with this task can meet at City Hall just before 9am. Coffee and donuts will be provided., 11/11/11 0232hrs an officer observed a vehicle traveling approx. 20mph in a 50mph zone on SR 91 The vehicle then ran a red light at SR 91 and Vine. The vehicle turned w/b on Vine St where the officer turned on his overhead lights. The vehicle pulled to the right side of the road after traveling a short distance, going over the curb then back on to the roadway. The 47 year old male was taken into custody for the suspicion of OVI. He is being held pending posting of bond or court arraignment., 11/11/11 0038hrs EPD and EFD responded to the 700 block of Waverly Rd for a garage that was possibly struck by lightening and on fire. The back of the 2 car garage had a heavy fire. By 0052hrs the fire was knocked down, at 0100hrs the it was under control - overhauling. At 0253hrs the property was released to the homeowners. Thanks to Willoughby and Wickliffe FD for the assist., 11/10/11 2245hrs EPD was called to Walmart for a male and female who were causing a disturbance in the parking lot. The 19 year old male half was refusing to get out of the 19 year old female's vehicle. The two decided to go their separate ways for the evening. The male was transported home by the PD., 11/10/11 2024hrs loud music complaint at Dover Place Apts. The resident was advised of the complaint - he had turned the music down prior to our arrival., 11/10/11 1706hrs EPD canine unit assisted Willowick PD with an arrmed robbery that occured in their city. The unit was assigned to preform a track from where the suspect was last seen running from. Service was provided., 11/10/11 1738hrs a 31 year old male was arrested for shoplifting at Valu-King. The male was transported back to EPD, processed and released on court set bond a short while later., 11/10/11 1700hrs officers responded to the 1300 block of E 343St for a disturbance between a 58 year old man and his 24 year old son. Both parties were spoken to and written statements obtained. Report is being sent to the prosecutor for review of possible charges for domestic violence., 11/10/11 1618hrs a female was walking on SR 2 W/B. Apparently she had gotten into a fight with her boyfriend and he made her get out of the car on the freeway. A friend arrived to pick her up requiring no further assistance., 11/10/11 1546hrs reported taken for a private property hit-skip MVA in the Vineyards parking lot. Under investigation., 11/10/11 1348hrs two 16 year old males were giving citations for disorderly conduct fighting after they engaged in a fist fight at North High School. The students were suspended as well., 11/10/11 1213hrs a 17 year old male was arrested for possession of marijuana after the School Resource Officer walked into the restroom and could smell the odor of marijuana coming from a stall., Sorry for the short notice - The Eastern Veterns of Foreign Wars Post #3863 and the Willowick-Eastlake American Legion Post #678 will hold their annual Veterns Day Ceremony today, Nov. 11 at 11am at the gazebo at the Boulevard of 500 Flags. This is open to anyone who can attend., 11/10/11 0925hrs found property report - a rare find, an orange and silver brand new fire hydrant was found in the 1400 block of E 361St., 11/10/11 0607hrs a vehicle was traveling in the left lane on Vine St west was approaching Sunoco and a yellow truck was traveling in the right lane on Vine St west near that vehicle.  The driver in the left lane attempted to turn right into Sunoco's west driveway from the left lane in front of the yellow truck.  The yellow truck struck the right side of his vehicle. the yellow truck stalled and the other vehicle did not stop.  The 74 year old driver of the yellow truck started his vehicle and  chased the vehicle into Maple Park apartments. An 18 year old male was arrested for the hit-skip, not having a license and improper turning. He plead guilty to those charges at arraignment.  His 21 year old passenger was arrested for obstructing official business. Both males stated they were driving the car at the time of the accident., 11/10/11 0133hrs officers reponded to Manny's Place on Vine St for a male refusing to leave the bar. On arrival the 55 year male was cooperative with officers and left on his own accord., http://www.news-herald.com/articles/2011/11/11/news/doc4ebc499634dff264640491.txt, Of the 43 reported accidents for October, there were 9 injuries, accidents between 12am and 8am - 10, 8am and 4pm - 13, 4pm and 12am - 20. The most MVA's were between 1700hrs and 1800hrs at the SR91 and SR2 exit ramps. The most causative factor was clear distance ahead. There were 88 people involved, all but one was wearing a seat belt., EPD salutes all Marines as they celebrate the Marine Corps Birthday today., null, null, During the month of October EPD took 214 incident reports, 218 supplement reports and 43 motor vehicle accident reports. There were 104 misdemeanors, 22 felony and 15 DUI arrests made. Totals do not include traffic violations., 11/09/11 0215 hrs officers reponded to the Willowood Apts for an unwanted guest complaint. A 42 year old male was banging on a door of an apartment - he was previously asked not to return to by the resident (shortly after midnight, this being our second visit. The male had complied and left prior to our arrival the first time.) The male was taken into custody for disorderly intoxication and held until sober., 11/08/11 0230hrs An officer on routine patrol on Curtis Bl checking businesses pulled into a parking lot and observed two males in the rear of the building next to a neghboring business passing scrap metal to another male over a barbed wire fence. When the two males saw the officer they ran. After a foot pursuit one of the males was taken into custody. He was charged with theft and trespassing. He also had a warrant out of Ashtabula County. Investigation is continuing., 11/08/11 found bicycle - dark red schwinn falcon - area of Roberts Rd. Claim at the station if this belongs to you., 11/08/11 0011hrs complaint of a suspicious vehicle circling around Surfside Garden Apts for an hour. The vehicle was stopped and the driver identified. He was to pick up a friend but was suppose to be at Shoregate Towers - giiven directions and sent on his way., 11/07/11 1956hrs officers responded to the 36000 block of S. Lakeshore for an unruly 14 year old. The 14 year old was advsied of what her rights are as a juvenile living with parents. The situation was calmed down and the juvenile sent to her room for the evening., 11/07/11 1844hrs complaint received of juveniles riding mini bikes in the 1500 block of E 337St. The juveniles were advised to stay off the vacnat property and sidewalk.. They are permitted to ride around their own home and property., Thank-you Mama Primozz!, 11/07/11 1801hrs juvneile complaint received on E 331St. A group of juveniles were playing with cap guns appeared to be trying to set leaves on fire. The juveniles and their parents were spoken to and advised of the complaint., 11/07/11 1410hrs officers were called to the Dover Place Apts for a neighbor complaint involving a dog. Both parties were talked to and an agreement made between the two., 11/07/11 1038hrs report taken for items stolen off a boat docked at the South Shore Marina. Under investigation., 11/07/11 0828hrs a 14 year old female was arrested at the Middle School for assaulting another student before school. Staff broke up the fist fight. Both girls were treated for minor injuries. The 14 year old will face her charge in Juvenile court., 11/07/11 0833hrs a 28 year old male was arrested after he used his disabled mother's vehicle without permission. During the coarse of the investigation it was discovered he also stole checks and her debit card using both. He charged with two felonies and one misdemeanor offense with more charges pending., 11/07/11 0407hrs officer checked on a vehicle with it's lights on and running in the parking lot of Walmart. A 19 year old male was slumped over onto the passenger side of the car while sitting behind the wheel. The male was awakened and asked if he was okay. While the officer was checking his welfare he grabbed a cigarette pack not realizing his drugs were still in the cellophane which was not in plain sight. The male was arrested and charged with possession of heroin. He was held for court arraignment with no bond., 11/06/11 2227hrs a 60 year old male was arrested for OVi after officers clocked him going 53mph in a 35mph zone. Overhead lights were activated, the male did not slow and was now going left of center. After a few miles the vehicle pulled over. The male, when asked where he was going claimed to be going home stating he was currently in Cleveland not knowing how he came to be in Eastlake. He was arrested and held for court set bond., 11/06/11 1919hrs an officer was flagged down for a report of an intoxicated female at Lakeshore and Traymore that that fell into the roadway and was almost struck by a vehicle. When the officer arrived he observed the female weaving back and forth attempting to hitchhike. The female had diffuculty identifing herself or providing other personal information. While being questioned she fell into the officer after losing her balance. She was arrested for disorderly Intox and held at Eastlake City Jail until sober., 11/06/11 1720hrs a 33 year old female and her juvenile daughter were arrested for shoplifting approximately $40 worth of merchandise from Walmart. The two were transported back to EPD where the adult was processed and charged with theft. She posted bond a short time later and was released. The juvenile was not charged with her contriubution of a $2.86 theft due to her age., 11/06/11 0736hrs hit-skip report taken in E 360St. A smaller black pick up truck with a loud exhaust pulled into the victims driveway - possibly just to turn around and struck the vehicle that was parked in the drive then fled the scene. Invest continuing, 11/06/11 0139hrs EPD responded with EFD on a rescue call in the 1000 block of E 331St. Upon entering the residence there was a strong odor of marijuana in the home. After being treated by EFD the 21 year old female was cited for possession of marijuana., 11/06/11 1542hrs Central Communications received nonstop 9-1-1 phone calls coming from a deactivated phone that is used only for contacting 9-1-1. The caller was pinpointed down to  E 351St near Vine St. The house in question was located by officers. A group of juveniles 12 and under called 9-1-1 approximately 60-70 times. Adults at the residence took the phone away and discipline was left to the parents due to their ages., 11/05/11 2055hrs a 48 year old female was taken into custody after loss prevention at Valu-King witnessed the female stealing alcohol. She was booked into EPD and held pending bond being posted or court appearance., 11/05/11 1831 a theft report was taken from a motorist reporting while in a buisness on Vine St for about an hour persons unknown removed plastic hubcaps from the passengerside of her vehicle., 11/05/11 1407hrs report taken for a hit-skip accident that occured on Roberts Rd near E 343St. A vehicle was struck by a gold color Honda odyssey mini van that was being driven by a  young white female that failed to stop after the MVA. Under investigation., 11/04/11 2124hrs officers responded to Eastlake Terrace Apts for a report of three males fighting in the hallway. Upon arrival the males were separated by officers as two were still fighting. In the end the three males, ages 31, 48 and 50 were all arrested for simple assault. All three had obvious injuries. In addition the 48 year old was charged with drug paraphernalia and possession of marijuana. They were held for court set bond of $3500/10%., 11/04/11 1818hrs officers were called to the Imperial Super Buffet for patrons refusing to pay for their meals. The two males and one female all in their 20's paid their bill in our presence and left the area., 11/04/11 1242hrs 36000 block of Reeves Rd a resident reported his dog was possible shot with a bullet. It ended up being an encouter with a deer and the dog was hit by the deer's antler - the dog will be fine., 11/04/11 0029hrs officers responded to Dover Place apts for a verbal altercation and criminal damaging report. The 20 year old female advised her 22 year old boyfriend jumped on her vehicle and smashed out her windshield. The male was arrested for an outstanding warrant from Wlby Muni Court. The female refused to pursue any charges against the male., 11/03/11 2313hrs officers reponded to a disturbance in the 1200 block of E 348St. A 35 year old male was in a verbal altercation with his 29 year old girlfriend and her mother. Parties were separated with the male half leaving for the evening - he was advised not to return., 11/03/11 1924hrs officers responded to Manor Park apts for a complaint of harassing phones calls along with a custody issue. The complainant was explained options available to her., 11/03/11 1733hrs barking dog complaint answered in the 900 block of E 347St. Caller reported it was an ongoing problem. The dog owner was advised of the complaint and given the suggestion for a bark collar in order to keep peace with the neighbors which was readily agreed with by the owner., 11/03/11 1726hrs officers reponded to Eastview Meadows apts for a male that was assaulted in the stairwell by another male. The male was "pushed" by another male that apparently was friends with a tentant who was recently evicted. There were no injuries. The male that did the shoving left the property prior to our arrival., 11/03/11 1711hrs a 58 year old female was arrested at Valu-King for stealing $36 worth of groceries. The female was transported back to EPD, processed and released after she posted her $404 cash bond., 11/03/11 1704hrs report of a female menacing a male on Parkway. The 36 year old female was advised not to have any more contact with the 44 year old male. The male was also given information on how to obtain a civil protection order., 11/03/11 1043hrs officer responded to a neighbor complaint in the 34000 block of Lakeshore in Lakeline. The complainant was given options on dealing with her complaints., 11/03/11 1012hrs a welfare check/attempt to locate was preformed for a 85 year old male from Mentor who visited a location in our city and still had not returned home. The male eventually made his way home safetly., 11/02/11 at 1237hrs officers responded to a one car accident on Lakeshore Bl at Shelton. A 37 year old female traveled off the right side of the roadway striking a mailbox. She continued off the right side before striking some landscape rocks in another yard, then struck the mailbox at that address. Her vehicle went slightly airborne as it hit a slight ditch line at the Shelton intersection before it finally crossed the intersection and stopped up against a mailbox. Her vehicle had covered a distance of 246ft before coming to a final rest. She was later arrested on the suspicion of driving under the influence of alcohol and/or drugs and transported to Lake West to receive treatment. More charges are pending., 11/02/11 2130hrs officers responded to the 100 block of Traymore for an unwanted guest report. The complainants were advised how to go through an eviction process through the courts., 11/02/11 1925hrs call of a disturbance in the 33000 block of Morris. There were a few older males in a garage enjoying a few cocktails. They were advised of the noise complaint., 11/02/11 2004hrs reported taken for a windshield that was broken out of a vehicle between 1900hrs and 1945hrs at the Pal Center on Glen., They are paving the road on Lakeshore at SR 91 this morning. There is a Timberlake officer directing traffic but you could experience some delays, 11/02/11 1312hrs disturbance call at the Radisson over a guest at the hotel getting irate over a maid knocking on her door after she had posted the "Do not Disturb" sign. The maid apparently does not know english, or so claimed. The two were advised to stop their name calling., 11/02/11 1110hrs officers reponded to Valu-King for an uncooperative shoplifter. Officers identified the 50 year old female, who we had just arrested on 10/25/11 for shoplifting at Walmart, and took her into custody. The suspect attempted to steal $82.00 worth of meat. While driving back to the station, the female kicked out the rear window of the cruiser. She is charged with theft, felony vandalism and has a felony warrant for forgery out of CCSO., 11/01/11 1829hrs officers responded to the 34100 block of Beachpark on a 9-1-1 hang up call. On arrival officers were flagged down by a male that stated his 15 year old daughter was being unruly. Once the investigation was completed and based on witness statements, the 39 year old father was arrested on a felony domestic violence charge. The juvenile was also charged with domestic violence and released to her mother. The male was held for court appearance., 11/01/11 1838hrs three people were taken into custody for shoplifting over $800 worth of merchandise from Walmart. A 22 year old male was charged with theft, 20 year old female complicity to theft and a 24 year old male charged with theft, drug abuse instruments, possession of marijuana, a felony warrant for drug abuse from Mentor PD and a misdemeanor warrant for permitting drug abuse from Mentor., 11/01/11 1214hrs officers reponded to the 1100 block of E 347St for a report of a burglary in progress. The caller observed a male using a ladder to gain entrance through a window. Upon arrival officers found the 31 year old male inside the home. Homeowner was notified and confirmed the male did not have permission to be in his home. The suspect was arrested and charged with burglary, drug paraphernaila and suspected heroin. He is being held for court appearance., 11/01/11 at 0012hrs a male was removed from a bar on Lakeshore after falling asleep. The 24 year old male was awoken on arrival and was told to wait outside on a bench for his ride home., 10/31/11 a resident on Roberts Rd reported while she was at work persons unknown cut her tree., 10/31/11 Halloween was trouble free this year. Only one complaint of a car with green lights underneath and a train horn that was scaring the children in the area of St Lawrence and E overlook., UPDATE: 10/27/11 1646hrs report taken for criminal damaging to a building in the 35700 block of Lakeshore - under investigation
A 16 year old male was arrested for criminal damaging. He caused approx. $600 damage to the building and will have to face his charge in court as well as restitution to the owner., 10/31/11 AT 1840hrs report taken for theft from a vehicle at Surfside Garden Apts. A moneyorder was removed from the victims car and used by the suspect to pay rent. Still under investigation awaiting restitution or prosecution., 10/30/11 2015hrs officers responded to Eastlake Terrace Apts on a report of a domestic. A 44 year old male was arrested for unlawful restraint - the victim being a 43 year old female. He was transported to EPD and held on court set bond., 10/30/11 1711hrs a 51 year old female was arrested after concealing $44 worth of meat from Valu-King in her purse. She was held on court set bond., 10/30/11 1438hrs a 54 year old female was arrested for shoplifting $30 worth of merchandise from Walmart. She was held for bond or court appearance., ARSON UPDATE, 10/30/11 0359hrs officer responded to the 1300 block of E 357St for an assault report. The 27 year old female victim was transported to the hospital. She reported she was repeatedly punched by a female in her 50's while a male companion prevented her from protecting herself. Investigation is continuing., 10/30/11 033hrs officers reponded to the corner of Lakeshore and Erie for a disturbance involving a limo bus. A 21 year old female with facial injuries was transported to Lake West after being struck in the face with a beer bottle. The 24 year old suspect female was also transported to the hospital for injuries and glass in her wrist/arm. The window of the limo bus was broken out during the altercation. Charges are pending., 10/30/11 0127hrs a male standing outside of a bar on Vine St yelling threats to patrons inside was sent on his way and advised to stop. He is not allowed in the bar due to previous issues., 10/30/11 0210hrs EPD and EFD responded to the 100 block of Courtland on the report of a male laying in the roadway. Upon arrival officers observed a male in a yard being restrained by another male. The obvioulsy highly intoxicated 20 year old male was taken into custody for disorderly intox and underage consumption., 10/30/11 0002hrs EPD recived a complaint of a vehicle on SR 91 weaving over the roadway and nearly strike another vehicle. Officer located and stopped the driver. After failing field sobriety tests the 31 year old male was advised he was going to be arrested for OVI. The male became combative while officers attmepted to handcuff him resulting in an additional charge of resisting arrest. He was held pending bond or court appearance., 10/29/11 2022hrs officers responded to a disturbance complaint in the 1200 block of E 343St. On arrival shouting could be heard from the outside the residence. The parties were separated and guests advised to leave. About 15 minutes later EPD received a second complaint and again a loud argument  could be heard from outside the residence. The 46 year old male and 41 year old female were taken into custody for disorderly conduct while intoxicated and held until sober., 10/29/11 2001hrs report of a disturbance at a bar on Vine St involving two males fighting and a beer was thrown at the barmaid. The arguement was called in after the intoxicated male half had already left the bar. They were advised to call if the male returns., 10/29/11 1654hrs EPD responded to the 700 block of E 344St for a vehicle that backed out of a driveway and struck a parked car. After investigation was complete the 40 year old male driver was taken into custody for the suspicion of driving under the influence and improper backing. He was held pending bond or court appearance., 10/29/11 1202hrs reported taken for a theft of a firearm from a buisness on E 361St. Under investigation., 10/29/11 0145hrs EPD was called for an unwanted guest at the Radisson Hotel. A 37 year old male was intoxicated and refusing to leave the bar area. The male continued with his turbulent behavior after arrival and was taken into custody and held until sober., 10/28/11 1802hrs EPD responded to Wrenwood for a domestic. The male half was attempting to disable the female's vehicle by cutting wires to prevent her from leaving the home. The two were seperated and one half agreed to leave for the evening., 10/28/11 1715hrs EPD was dispatched to the 37500 block of Green Dr for harassing phone calls and texts over the sale of a vehicle. Both parties were advised to stop contacting each other and handle the situation in civil court., 10/28/11 0921hrs report taken in the 37000 block of Lakeland Bl for a theft of tools from a work van., 10/28/11 0650hrs report taken in the 1800 block of E 337St for a work van that was broken into and work tools taken., TRICK OR TREAT HOURS
Monday October 31 from 6pm to 8pm
Let's have a safe and fun filled night for the children., 10/28/11 0433hrs a highly intoxicated male walked out of Lake West hospital with an IV still in his arm. The family called and advised they were with him at SR 91 and SR 2 but he was refusing to get in the car and was being belligerent. Officers located him at SR 91 and Vine St walking n/b in the s/b lanes. The 59 year old male was placed in a crusier and transported back to the hospital for medical care., 10/28/11 at 0120hrs police and fire responded to Pinehurst Dr for a structure fire and while enroute were advised of a vehicle fire on Pinehurst at a different address. During the coarse of the investigation it was discovered several vehicles on the street had been gone thru also. Willoughby Pd responded with thier canine, Rebel to assist in a search of the area. Willoughby fire also responded to assist with the fires that were determined to be arsons. Reports are under investigation by both police and fire departments., 10/28/11 at 0100hrs one vehicle accident in the 1100 block of Waverly. A vehicle traveling down Waverly drove off of the roadway to the right. The driver over corrected the vehicle and drove off the roadway to the left striking several bushes then coming in contact with a home in the 1100 block where it came to rest. The 31 year old male driver was taken into custody for OVI and reckless operation. He was held on court set bond., 10/27/11 0012hrs a one vehicle accident occured on SR 91 above the RXR tracks. A juvenile going n/b on SR 91 at high rate of speed failed to control the vehicle. The vehicle struck the concrete barrier on the eastside of the road, traveled across two lanes of n/b traffic striking the median and traveling across two s/b lanes of SR 91 before coming to a rest. No injuries reported by the driver and the four passengers. The driver was cited for reckless operation., 10/27/11 2343hrs EPD responded to a disturbance in the 35900 block of Portage Dr. A 44 year old intoxicated male was having an altercation with a 43 year female. The male was transported to a relatives for the night., 10/27/11 2303hrs officers were dispatched to Adult Mart for a male disturbing the customers. The 34 year old male was sitting in the parking lot in his vehicle making lewd comments to female customers. The male was advised to leave the area and if he returns he will be arrested for trespassing., 10/27/11 2209hrs a Timberlake resident called in a noise complaint coming from CEI. In speaking with CEI security the noise was from a vacuum for the grounds. They were informed of the complaint and moved to another area of the property., 10/27/11 1742hrs officers responded to the 35900 block of Vine St for a male and female having a physical altercation in a vehicle. The vehicle was located and upon further investigation the 34 year old male was taken into custody for suspicion of driving under the influence and his 26 year old female passenger was arrested for disorderly intoxication. The male was held for bond and the female held until sober., 10/27/11 at 1624hrs burglary report taken in the 34700 block of Stevens Bl - investigation continuing, 10/27/11 1646hrs report taken for criminal damaging to a building in the 35700 block of Lakeshore - under investigation, 10/27/11 1554hrs EPD following up on a traffic complaint from Connor Dr located and made contact with the driver. He was advised of the complaint. He stated he understood and will slow down., 10/27/11 at 1406hrs a 33 year old male was arrested for shoplifting from Valu-King. Loss prevention approached the male and he fled the scene. He was located inside Walmart by reponding officers and taken into custody. He posted bond shortly afterwards and was given a court date., 10/27/11 1104hrs after receiving a tip from a caller, EPD responded to the area of the Vineyards and located a 23 year old male who had several felony warrants for his arrest out of Willoughy. The male was taken into custody without incident, transported to EPD where custody was later transferred to WPD., 10/25/11 0938hrs a resident in the 35000 block of Hobbie Dr reported jewelry was taken from her residence sometime overnight. Under investigation., Eastlake Police supports our North High Rangers!, VIA The News Herald, OPEN BURNING, 10/25/11 1313hrs officers reponded to the 700 block of Quentin for a suspicious person complaint. The male was observed by a resident looking up driveways then entering his neighbors yard. When confronted the male took off running. He was located on Willowick Dr. The 32 year old male was arrested for possession of mariuana and drug paraphernalia and held on $2000 bond., 10/25/11 1748hrs report taken for the theft of three catalytic cerverters taken from a car lot on E 361St. Complainant believes the thefts occured sometime over the weekend., 10/25/11 1650hrs EPD responded with EFD for a car fire on Lakeshore at Traymore. Police set up a safety zone for the firefighters. The occupant got out of his vehicle safely. The 2003 Pontiac was towed from scene after the fire was extinguished., 10/24/11 at 1441hrs four arrests were made at Walmart for a scheme involving shoplifting and gift cards. After the four were taken into custody, their real  identities were eventually learned and the puzzle pieced together with the aide of in store camera video - a 27 year old male was charged with theft, falsification, felony warrant from Lorain County and an another warrant from Madiosn Twp. He is in jail waiting for court arraignment. A 24 year old male and 22 year old female  charged with complicity are waiting for bond or arraignment and the forth male a 38 year old was released without charges., 10/25/11 report taken for theft of convertors off of vehicles and scrap metal in the 1400 block of E 363St. Under investigation., 10/24/11 2244hrs a 41 year old dumpster diving male was warned and sent on his way after being observed behind a business on Vine St., 10/24/11 1812hrs a 26 year old male was taken into custody for hit/skip and failure to control after his vehicle went through a chain link fence then into a ditch on Curtis Blvd. The male exited his vehicle and fled on foot. He was apprehended just into Willowick., UPDATE: 10/07/11 1510hrs report taken for a theft of jewelry from a home in the 35900 block of Matoma - follow up continuing 
10/22/11 a 18 year old male was arrested for theft and a 21 year old male was arrested for recieving stolen property in connection to this report., 10/24/11 1400hrs a 33 year old male was arrested on probable cause warrants for theft of an ATM/credit card and theft steming from a report taken from a resident in march on E 345St. The male will have a hearing before the judge today and will be transported back to Lorain Correctional where he is currently serving a two year sentence for drug charges., 10/25/11 at 0228hrs a 50 year old female was arrested for shopliting $156.64 worth of merchandise after loss prevention observed the female placing items into a black bag at Walmart. She was brought back to EPD, processed and placed in a cell pending bond or arraignment., 10/24/11 0613hrs the maintenace man from Vineyards plaza reported the old Blockbuster Video building had graffiti drawn on it sometime overnight. Extra patrol in place for juveniles in the area during the night time hours., 10/23/11 2243hrs EPD assisted Timberlake PD by locating a suspect in a domestic violence that occured in their village. The 21 year old male suspect was located at the Dover Apts sleeping outside. He was taken into custody without incident., 10/23/11 1918hrs a resident returning home in the 700 block of E 331St saw a male who may have been trying to open a window to his house. When the male saw the homeowner he ran with the homeowner giving chase. The male, who was not located, is described as a male 5'8" to 5'9" tall, medium build, unknown race. He was wearing a black hoodie and black pants. The male ran into Willowick., 10/23/11 1418hrs a resident reported someone had used his vehicle without his permission. The vehicle was involved in an accident and the driver arrested for OVI in a neighboring community. The complainant said he didn't know the vehicle was missing until he was contacted by police. Report was sent to the prosecutor for his review., 10/23/11 1649hrs a resident from Willoughby reported he parked his work truck that was filled with meat at a bar on Vine St. While at the bar someone removed 64 steaks from the unlocked truck. Incident under investigation., 10/23/11 1356hrs a resident called in a suspicious person/trespassing complaint in the 1200 block of E 360St. The male was wearing leopard spandex pants, no shirt and swimming shoes. The 48 year old male was located and identified. He was advised to stay away from the complainant's property. He advised he would comply., 10/23/11 0224hrs disturbance call in the 32000 block of Edward Ave for two females and a male that were intoxicated and arguing. The three were advised of the complaint. They were three friends that were upset over an incident that occured in downtown Willoughby. All three were staying at an Edwards Av address and went in for the night., 10/22/11 1507hrs officer on Vine St observed a vehicle in both E/B lanes. The vehicle then over corrected and hit the curb. The vehicle was stopped and after failing field sobriety tests the 59 year old male was taken into custody for driving under the influence and other traffic violations. He was held pending sobriety and bond being paid., 10/22/11 0845hrs criminal damaging report taken from a resident in the 36000 block of Sandy Knoll. During the overnight hours a vehicle in the driveway was damaged along with the house being egged in several areas., 10/22/11 0730hrs criminal damage report taken from a resident in the 400 block of Riverdale. Between 0100 and 0400hrs someone threw a large pumpkin through the rear window of a vehicle parked in the driveway., 10/22/2011 2255hrs a one car accident occured on Sandy Knoll a tire came off a vehicle while it was being driven. The vehicle struck a fiberglass pole and one tire struck a gas meter on Cottonwood. CEI and the Dominion both responded to the scene., 10/22/11 officers responded to the Radisson Hotel for 12 guests that had just returned from a wedding and were being disruptive. The guests were advised of the complaint and returned to their rooms without furture incident., 10/22/11 0033hrs a resident in the 1600 block of Luanna reported two males prowling in the area. Officers located the juvenile males who were attending a sleepover in the area and went outside. They were advised they were done for the night and told to stay indoors., 10/21/11 2139hrs EDP and EFD responded to SR 2 for an injury accident. A pick-up struck the center retaining wall. The 43 year old male struck a vehicle that was in his lane and spun into the wall. He was transported to the ER for treatment of his ijuries. He was later taken into custody for suspicion of driving under the influence., 10/21/11 2108hrs a report for criminal damage was taken in the 900 block of E 346St. A window was broken out by a BB. The trajectory suggested the BB was shot from the visitor stands at North High School football field where a game was being played., 10/21/11 1613hrs report taken for a theft of a generator from the 36200 Block of Vine St. Under investigation., 10/21/11 report taken at Sima Marina for a propeller that was stolen off a boat. Currently under investigation., OPEN HOUSE SATURDAY, OCTOBER 22ND
EASTLAKE POLICE AND FIRE STATIONS
10:00 am until 2:00 pm

HOTDOGS!

HOT POPCORN!

HOT COFFEE AND DONUTS!

ICE COLD LEMONADE!

GAMES AND PRIZES!

POLICE AND FIRE DEPARTMENT TOURS!

COME AND LEARN ABOUT YOU POLICE AND FIRE DEPARTMENTS!

 Located at the corner of Route 91 and Lakeshore Blvd., UPDATE: 10/13/11 2136 report taken for a shoplifting offense at Circle K - report is under investigation. 10/20/11 A 22 year old male was arrested on a probable cause warrant reference this theft., 10/21/11 0522hrs officers stood by at Conn-Selmer for an management- labor meeting. The management anticipated there maybe a disturbance during the meeting. Everything went peacefully., 10/20/11 2125hrs officers responded to a fight at the Wing Warehouse reportedly between 15 people. It was actually two men  fighting, a bystander tried to break up the fight and was punched. The three had left prior to our arrival., TOP COP AWARD, 10/20/11 2026hrs solicitor complaint at Dover Apts a female was going door to door asking for money - the 36 year old female was located and advised of the complaint. She stated she needed money for food. Our victim advocates will follow up with her., 10/20/11 1827hrs residents at Eastlake Terrace reported an odor of marijuana lingering in the hallway near one of the apartments. Odor had dissipated upon arrival, no evidence of drug use was located., 10/19/11 a 22 year old female reported her 24 year old boyfriend assaulted her in the 800 block of Stevens and assaulted her again on Lakeshore by Erie. Due to conflicting statements and no witnesses, report was sent to the prosecutor for his review for possible charges., 10/20/11 traffic complaint received in the area of Courtland and Oxford for a green mustang - vehicle owner was located at home and advised of his traffic habits and the action that will be taken if he continues his driving habits., From 0900hrs to 1000hrs the traffic lights at Sr 91 and Sr 2 are being worked on. There will be an officer directing traffic to make the transaction run smoothly., 10/19/11 1441hrs EPD received calls of a rumored fight that was going to take place at Jakse Park between high school students. Upon arrivial juveniles were already gathering at the park. Juveniles were dispersed., 10/19/11 2238hrs the Chagrin river was at the 8ft mark and the first of the 9-1-1 reversal calls sent out. By 459hrs the river level dropped to 7.5 feet. Currently at 0730hrs it is at 6.5 feet and flowing swiftly., NEW REGIONAL CRASH RECONSTRUCTION TEAM ANNOUNCED, 10/18/11 1705hrs units responded to a hit-skip accident that occured on E 342St. The suspect vehicle was located not far from the scene. The 19 year old driver was arrested and his vehicle towed for the hit-skip and for not having a drivers license. When the vehicle owner came to bond him out she was given a citation for allowing an unlicensed driver to drive as she admitted to giving him permission to drive her vehicle knowing he did not ever have a license., 10/18/11 1531hrs report taken for criminal damaging at the Eastlake Public Library. Persons unknown damaged a window with a pellet or BB gun., 10/18/11 1341hrs received a complaint of a male and female hitting each other while driving down Vine St. The van was located in Walgreen's parking lot where both parties advised they were returning from their marriage counselor and began to argue which in turn became physical. Both parties had visible injuries caused by the other. The 43 year old male and  24 year old female were both arrested for felony domestic violence. They were held in jail until arraignment without bond., 10/17/11 1534hrs a 22 year old female was arrested after it was discovered she used her 24 year old sister's information when she was issued a traffic citation. The innocent party received a summons from the court for failing to appear. The 22 year old was charged with giving false information, no driver's license, the original charge of taillights and she also had an outstanding warrant with Mentor PD for theft., UPDATE: 09/29/11 a 53 year old female reported her purse containing over $1,000 was stolen from her vehicle on Lakeshore when she entered the store to make a purchase. Invest is continuing
10/17/11 the victim's purse was recovered on this date on I480 near I 271. Everything was intact, the only thing missing was the money. A male from Lorain recovered the purse after his vehicle became disabled and he discovered the purse., POLICE AND FIRE DEPARTMENT OPEN HOUSE, After receiving a traffic complaint of a red volkswagen that speeds everyday on Center, an officer waited in the area and cited the female driver, who was driving her child to school, for driving 54MPH in a 25MPH zone., 10/17/11 at 1833hrs a resident on Pinehurst was given guidence on dealing with an unruly juvenile in her home. Problem solved for the evening., 10/17/11 at 1720hrs three car accident on the exit ramp to SR 91. One reported injury. The driver struck a vehicle stopped in traffic and was cited for assured clear distance., null, 10/17/11 1707hrs officers responded to a roll over accident on SR 91 near SR 2. The driver of the vehicle that rolled over struck another vehicle that was stopped in traffic. Both cars had to be towed from the scene. The driver was cited for assured distance ahead., 10/17/11 0905hrs report taken for criminal damage to a vehicle parked in the lot at Willowood Apts. The caller had the side view mirror broken off his vehicle sometime over night., 10/17/11 0111 a 30 year old female was arrested for assault after officers were called to a home in the 33800 block of Roberts Rd for a disturbance. A female reportedly punched her 30 year old male roommate in the head after she booted in the front door to get in the residence. There was property damage inside the home as well., 10/16/11 2009hrs a male reported he left his wallet behind at Walmart after making a purchase and only realized it after he left the store. The wallet contained personal belongings and close to a $1,000. Loss prevention viewed the video tape of the self check out register he used and an EPD officer recognized one of the males that was involved in the theft. An 18 year old male was arrested for the theft of the wallet and more arrests are pending further investigation. The victim was given back approximately $600 of the remaining money. His wallet and ID were retrieved from a sewer grate with the aid of our service department workers., 10/16/11 0357hrs residents at Dover Apts reported a male peeping into their apartment window. The male is described as a white male, 5'9" - 6' tall. mid to late thirties with short dark hair and a moustache. he maybe driving a dark colored truck. EPD searched the area with negative results., 10/17/11 0203hrs loud music complaint answered at Manor Park Apts, the resident was advised of the complaint and the music lowered., 10/16/11 0303hrs a vehicle was clocked on radar on Sr 2 going 89MPH in a 50MPH constrction zone. The driver of the vehicle initially refused to stop, eventually stopping when she exited onto Lost Nation Rd. The female then refused to exit her vehicle insisting she was going home as she was having a horrible day. Once field sobriety testing was completed the 24 year old female was taken into custody for suspicion of OVI, right of way for public safety vehicle, speed and seatbelt violations. She was held for sobriety and bond., MEET THE CHIEFS - TOWN HALL MEETING
AT THE EASTLAKE FIRE DEPARTMENT OCTOBER 19th AT 7:00PM
Police Chief Larry Reik and Fire Chief Ted Whittington are welcoming all Eastlake residents to come meet the chief's and bring any questions or concerns about the city operation, community, and the upcoming Eastlake levy.
PLEASE RSVP TO 440-951-1497 BY OCTOBER 18, 2011, 10/16/11 0207hrs menacing report taken in the 1200 block of Jakse Dr. A disagreement between two 48 year old men over a mutual female friend led one male to make threats of harm to the other male. Both parties were spoken to and advised of the consequences should they continue their behavior., 10/16/11 0208hrs a resident from the 33000 block of Lawton reported what appeared to be a intoxicated male trying to get in thier front door.  Upon arrival the 24 year old male, who was wearing one shoe, had the front screen door open and was still attempting to get into the home. He was arrested for public intoxication.  His shoe, keys and wallet were located in front of the residence that he thought was home. He was held for sobriety., 10/16/11 report of a highly intoxicated male outside of the Northcoast Bar on Lakeshore. A friend from inside the bar was located and will transport the intox male home., 10/16/11 0103hrs noise disturbance complaint in the 700 block of E 331St. The music was already turned off upon arrival and the residents were finished in the hot tub.  They were advised of the complaint., 10/15/11 2059hrs EPD blocked the 33900 block of Beachpark so the service department could remove a tree out of the roadway safely., 10/15/11 2012hrs complaint of a group of juveniles between cars in the parking lot at Surfside Tower apts and looking in the windows of the building. A father of one of the juveniles was spoken to, the kids were playing hide go seek. They are going to play another game that won't look suspicious to the residents., 10/15/11 1718hrs officers responded to the 34300 block of Beachpark on a report of a highly intoxicated female attempting to leave the residence in a vehicle. The vehicle was located and because the 45 year old female driver did not pass the field sobriety testing, had an odor of an alcholic beverage about her and had unsteady balance, she was arrested for suspicion of OVI, driving under suspension, and speed.  She was held on court set bond or arraignment., 10/15/11 0512hrs officers reponded to an unwanted guest call in the 36500 block of Starboard. The 46 year old female was leaving on our arrival stating she was going to walk back to Cleveland., 10/15/11 0449hrs officers responded back to the 36000 block of portage for another disturbance call. A 38 year old male was taken into custody for threats of domestic violence and held on a court set bond., 10/15/11 0410hrs verbal domestic complaint in the 36000 block of Portage Dr. The husband and wife were separated for the night with the male half opting to sleep in his vehicle in the driveway for the evening., 10/15/11 0338hrs loud party, music complaint on King Dr. The resident was advised of the complaint and turned down the music., 10/14/11 2225hrs officers responded to a disturbance in the 1200 block of E 357St. A group of young adults were fighting/arguing in the street. Two vehicles got damaged that belonged to the combatants. No one wished to pursue charges on the other, parties were dispersed., 10/14/11 a resident turned in a wallet he found on Vine St that contained credit cards. The owner of the wallet was advised that it was located and to come to EPD to retrieve the wallet., 10/14/11 1406hrs officers responded to a disturbance in the 700 block of Woodstock where a verbal arguement was taking place between a 22 year old male and his 18 year old brother. Parties were separated and the eldest transported to another location., 10/14/11 1301hrs EPD along with EPD responded to Timberlake beach and assited the Coast Guard with pulling an overturned orange kayak out of the water. The kayak was found to be unoccupied., 10/14/11 1221hrs EFD responded to a stove fire in Timberlake on Eastshore Bl. No injuries reported., 10/14/11 1042hrs a female advised she was receiving harassing communications via text messages from the father of her baby. The male half was notified of the complaint, advised to stop the texting and take the civil matter involving the child to court., 10/14/11 0301hrs a male backing out of a driveway, after he was asked to leave by the homeowner, reportedly rapidly lunged his vehicle forward and struck another guest's vehicle that was also at the home on Parkway Bl. The 42 year old driver then fled the scene. He was located soon after and cited for hit-skip and full time attention., 10/14/11 0306hrs a vehicle was stopped on Vine St after it was observed going well under the posted speed limit on SR 91 as well as on a side street. The 53 year old male was eventually arrested for suspicion of driving under the influence after failing several sobriety tests., 10/13/11 2136 report taken for a shoplifting offense at Circle K - report is under investigation., 10/13/11 2039hrs officers were dispatched to Lakeside Esatates for an unwanted intoxicated female guest.  Upon arrival the male complainant would not answer his door -attempts to make contacit with the male via phone went unanswered., 10/13/11 1758hrs EFD responded to the 1100 block of Wavery where a resident was burning carpet. The resident was given a warning for the illegal burn and the fire was put out., 10/13/11 1847hrs EPD assisted Willoughby PD in attempting to locate a missing juvenile from their city., 10/13/11 1743hrs our crash reconstruction expert assisted Willowick PD with their investigation reference a juvenile being struck by a vehicle., 10/13/11 1815hrs report taken for a theft of a wallet from a resident in the 180 block of Paxton. Interviews of parties present during the theft is continuing..., 10/13/11 1725hrs a traffic complaint was answered reference vehicles using the Parkway pedistrian path as an exit from the school.  The parking attendents were advsied to direct the vehicles to the correct school exit., 10/13/11 1630hrs EPD responded to a disturbance in the 550 block of E 331St. Two young adult males and two male juveniles were found to be involved. All parties were advised to stay away from each other, none of the parties wished to pursue charges for assault., 10/13/11 1501hrs a resident in the 35700 block of Matoma reported he left his new leaf blower in his driveway near his door. He went into his house and a short time later he discovered it missing., 10/13/11 1225hrs two male juveniles were arrested for an assault that occurred at North High School after the Eastlake Middle School football game. One male restrained the victim while the second male assaulted the victim. Two juvenile female bystanders were also assaulted during the melee. One was charged with two counts of assault and transported to the detention center, the other was charged with unlawful restraint and released to a parent. They were both suspended from school with one of them facing expulsion., 10/13/11 1225hrs two male juveniles were arrested for an assault that occured at at North High School after the Eastlake Middle School football game. One male held another while the second male assaulted the victim. Two bystanders were also assaulted during the mellee, MEET THE CHIEFS - TOWN HALL MEETING
AT THE EASTLAKE FIRE DEPARTMENT OCTOBER 19th AT 7:00PM
Police Chief Larry Reik and Fire Chief Ted Whittington are welcoming all Eastlake residents to come meet the chief's and bring any questions or concerns about the city operation, community, and the upcoming Eastlake levy.
PLEASE RSVP TO 440-951-1497 BY OCTOBER 18, 2011, 10/12/11 Two siblings were arrested for shoplifting $56 dollars of merchandise from Walmart. The 19 year old and 15 year old were taken into custody and processed at EPD. The juvenile was released to her parent and will be referred to the Eastlake Juvenile Diversion Program. The 19 year old had her bond posted for her and was released to face her charges in court., 10/12/11 A burglary was reported on this date from a resident of Sussex Apts. The apartment was entered and items removed. Under investigation., 10/12/11 A resident on Bayshore reported a credit card was stolen from his residence and used fraudulently for over $1000. The credit card was cancelled and report taken. Investigation in continuing., 10/12/11 reported taken for a resident on Parkway who is receiving letters from bill collectors for cell phones accounts he has not opened. A copy of the report will be mailed to the cell phone providers so their fraud unit can begin an investigation., **********UPDATE On 04/09/11 and 04/23/11 a male had returned a total of six TV’s he had purchased from WALMART, giving various excuses why they were returned.  None of the reasons given were because the TV’s were defective. WALMART contacted someone from warranty repair who examined three of the TV’s observing they had been opened and defective panels were swapped out for the new panels.  The repairman saw other signs of tampering as well.  
On 10/11/11 A 31 YEAR OLD male was arrested on felony charges theft by deception connected to this crime. He is currently in jail waiting for a court appearance., ***** UPDATE 10/07/11 1510hrs report taken for a theft of jewelry from a home in the 35900 block of Matoma - follow up continuing
A 21 YEAR OLD MALE was arrested in connection with this crime for receiving stolen property on 10/11/11. He was released on bond and given a court date. A warrant has been issued for another male also involved in the theft., 10/11/11 noise disturbance reported at the Quentin Road Park. The four young adults were advised of the complaint and returned to the halloween party they were attending on E 329St., 10/11/11 resident called in a loud noise complaint coming from the Final Score bar. The barmaid was advised to of the complaint and to close the back door., 10/11/11 blockwatch reported juveniles were at Jakse Park after dark. The juveniles were told the park was closed and sent on their way., 10/11/11 in the 700 block of E 344St a front porch light on a residence caught on fire. Damage contained to the front of the house. No injuries., 10/11/11 A pick up truck lost it's load at the intersection of SR 91 and Stevens Bl. The kitchen chairs, bed frame and other household items were moved to the side of the road and the service department notified to pick them up in a service truck., 10/11/11 report taken for criminal damage to a camper cover in the 34400 block of Roberts Rd. Unknown persons cut the cover in four different places., 10/11/11 1226hrs complaint of a group of juvenile under the pavillion at Jaske Park was answered. The four students from North High were taken back to school and cited for daytime curfew., 10'11/11 0534hrs 10/11/110553hrs EPD assisted Willoughby Hills PD looking for an assault suspect on Vine St from an assault in their city., 10/10/11 2307hrs live band with loud music complaint on Campers. On arrival the band had finished playing - they were advised of the complaint., 10/10/11 2055hrs noise complaint on S Lakeshore Bl. Resident was advised of the complaint, they turned down the music and called it a night., 1849hrs mediation between two 12 year old girls and their mothers over harassing texts. They to were advised to cease their behavior and stay away from each other., 1844hrs EFD responded to an open burn complaint. A resident on Lakeshore was burning leaves. The fire was extinguished the homeowners were given a verbal warning for the open burning., 10/10/11 1750hrs Officers responded to a domestic situation in the 1300 block of E 345St. The 51 year old male and 26 year old female were separated - female half agreed to leave for the night., 10/10/11 1624hrs mediation between families of two 6th graders who were texting harassing texts to each other. Families of the girls were advised to stay away from each other or try to get along., 10/10/11 1340hrs EPD responded to a disturbance in the 1400 block of E 330St. Officers kept the peace and determined this to be a civil matter and they were advised of their options., 10/10/11 1646hrs assault report taken from a 40 year old male that reported he was assaulted while working at the First Energy Plant on Erie Rd. Charges are pending., 10/10/11 1305hrs reported taken for a hit-skip private property accident on Curtis Blvd. A suspect vehicle was identified and paint samples were taken off of both vehicles and will be sent to the Lake County Crime Lab.  Charges are pending lab results., 10/10/11 1217hrs reported taken from Valu-King for an employee theft of books of stamps. The store declined to press charges but the employee was banned from all Giant Eagle properties and escorted off of the property., 10/10/11 1100hrs a 15 year old male was arrested at North High for assaulting a 14 year old male. The 15 year old was suspended from school for five days and was also referred to the Eastlake Police Diversion program., 10/10/11 0832hrs EPD and EFD responded to a private property accident at Walmart with a vehicle embedded into a yellow parking pole. The driver stated that his dog jumped over his lap and almost out the window causing him to strike the pole. The driver, a 42 year old male, was cited for not having a driver's license and transported to the ER for head injuries., 10/09/11 1958hrs a resident on Matoma reports his laptop was taken from his home by an acquaintance - follow up continuing, 10/08/11 2011hrs EPD responded with EFD to the skate park for a fire in a garbage can that reportedly juveniles started. The fire was contained in the barrel and put out. The juveniles were no longer in the area., 10/09/11 0114hrs a 21 year old male was arrested for suspicion of driving under the influence when his vehicle struck a parked car on E 345St. Both vehicle were towed from the scene. The male later posted bond and will face his charges in court on tuesday., 10/09/11 1154hrs EPD responded with Eastlake rescue for a male struck by a car on Freed Dr. On arrival is was found the male was working on his vehicle in the driveway, the jack slipped off and the vehicle rolled over him., 10/08/11 1456hrs a 48 year old male was arrested for disorderly intoxication on E 346St after EPD received a call from the male requesting police and rescue. On arrival officers found the male laying spread eagle on the front lawn.  Upon approaching the male he struck the officer in the boot with his hand and told him to arrest him for assault.  When he was advised it did not count as an assault the male became increasingly loud yelling to arrest him. Eventually the male was taken into custody due to turbulent behavior. That's two in two weeks....., 10/08/11 0251hrs EPD reponded to a female screaming outside and "out of control" on Waverly Rd. The female was found to be intoxicated and arguing with a male resident - she was transported to her home on Pinehurst., 10/07/11 2310hrs officer responded to Lakeside Estates apartments for a disturbance between a male and female. Parties were separated and they were able to settle their differences for the evening., 10/07/11 1812hrs arrest made of a 46 year old male for shoplifting $69 worth of merchandise from Walmart. He is currently in jail waiting for bond or court appearance., 10/07/11 1510hrs report taken for a theft of jewelry from a home in the 35900 block of Matoma - follow up continuing, 10/07/11 1040hrs SRO officer at North High received information on four male juveniles that were leaving the school. SRO located the males and upon transporting the males back to North it was discovered one teen had on his person marijuana, two had smoking pipes and tobacco products. All four were cited with daytime curfew and the other individual violations mentioned above., 10/07/11 1144hrs EPD and EFD responded to Longfellow school for a fire alarm. Building was evacuated. It was learned the pull station was activated by one of the children., 10/07/11 1022hrs resident in the 1000 block of Stevens reported several electronic items including amps and a CB radio were stolen from his home. Under investigation., 10/07/11 0459hrs EPD answered a complaint of a male screaming obsenities walking around with a flashlight at the Dover Place Apts.  The 19 year old male was looking for lost keys. Officer assisted him in the search, when keys were not located he was advised to continue his search during daylight hours., 10/06/11 2232hrs a vehicle was observed weaving into the bikepath traveling down Lakeshore Bl. The vehicle was stopped on Roberts Rd. The 24 year old female had  unsteady balance, eyes bloodshot and speech slurred. She was taken into custody on suspicion of driving under the influence of alcohol., 10/06/11 2039hrs a 14 year old female reported her black and silver Ipod stolen from the Pal Center., 10/06/11 2016hrs a vehicle was obseved by an officer turning eastbound on Portage from Forest in the westbound lanes. Upon speaking with the male the officer could smell a strong odor of alcohol on or about the 67 year old male. After further testing the male was taken into custody on suspicion of driving under the influence., 10/06/11 1926hrs Willowick Pd observed a 30 year old male in the parking lot on a business on Vine St in Eastlake trying to set a fire in the parking lot. Speaking with the male he advised he was setting his mail on fire to destroy it.  He was advised to buy a papershredder. The fire was out at time of call. Male was identifed and released., 10/06/11 1550hrs a 41 year old and 44 year old male were arrested after a witness observed the two stealing 39 steel railroad spike plates from the RxR tracks at E 361St and Beidler Rd. They were charged with theft and trespassing. They later posted bond and were given a court date of 10/18/11., 10/06/11 report taken for grand theft from vehicle in the 33000 block of Lakeshore Bl. Over $12,000 in tools were removed from a work truck that was broken into. Under investigation., Lt Jeff Herron, 10/06/11 Complaint of a Bud Light truck that runs a stop sign frequently at Waverly and Vine.  Driver of the truck was located and advised about his driving habits. The officer did not observe the violation personally to cite the driver., 10/06/11 A neighbor complaint between two neighbors on N Riverview was mediated by the officer in attempt to keep the peace., 10/06/11 motorists called in a parking complaint in the Wolloway area of Willow and Traymore for cars parked on both sides of the street. Vehicles were moved., 10/06/11 EPD officer responded to the 34900 block of Glen Dr for a male the caller found acting suspiciously.  The male was not located - extra patrol checks, During the month of September EPD wrote 202 reports, 268 supplements and 27 accident reports. There were 79 misdemeanors and 18 felonies arrested. Totals do not include traffic violators., 10/05/11 A 24 year old male from Painesville was arrested for shoplifting $54 worth of merchandise. While being detained by Loss Prevention the male became combative and fled into a innocent 14 year old bystander who claimed injury to her arm. The male was taken into custody. He was unable to post bond and is waiting for court arraignment., 10/05/11 a 17 year old female was arrested for unauthorized use of a motor vehicle. The juvenile reportedly took her parent’s vehicle approximately five days prior and did not return home. She is being held at the detention center, 10/05/11 officers responded to a disturbance at Walmart in the parking lot where one car was blocking another in preventing the caller from leaving. It ended up being a dispute over a boyfriend and the 24 and 26 year old females were sent on their separate ways., 10/05/11 domestic disturbance call on Hillcrest. The male half had left prior to our arrival. Female was advised to call if the male returns and causes further problems. Female advised it was a heated argument with no violence., 10/05/11 officers responded to a disturbance reportedly involving a weapon at the Laundromat on Vine St. On arrival it was determined this was a dispute over money, the weapon reported as a pipe was a broom. Restitution was made and the parties were separated., 10/05/11 disturbance call on Pinehurst between a resident and a CEI worker. Officer kept the peace while the CEI worker completed his job - resident was advised to call CEI with her complaints on the worker., 10/05/11 EPD received complaints of a solicitor at the Walgreen's on Vine asking for money for car parts. A check of the area was made and the male could not be located., 10/05/11 0024hrs EPD assisted Timberlake PD with an assault in progress. A 27 year old male was assaulting a 18 year old female. A good Samaritan intervened and was threatened by the assailant. Arrest made by Timberlake PD., There is a drug collection box in the Eastlake Police Department lobby available for the disposal of unwanted and/or expired prescriptions drugs for proper disposal. No syringes please., 10/04/11 four juvenile females entering walmart got into a confrontation with two other females in the parking lot. Upon the four returning to their vehicle it was discovered to be damaged. Video of parking lot being reviewed - follow up continuing., 10/04/11 officers responded to a neighbor dispute over property lines on E 347St which resulted in one party being transported to the hospital and one arrested for disorderly conduct. Follow up investigation is continuing., 10/04/11 criminal damaging report taken on Hiawatha. Caller stated persons unknown slashed all four tires of her vehicle., UPDATE: 10/01/11 at 1531hrs officers reponded to Maple Park apts for an assault complaint. An 18 year old male stated he was assaulted by a 22 year old male. The 22 year old male was no longer present. Invest continuing.
* 10/02/11 the 22 year old male was arrested on probable cause warrants charging him with assault and aggravated trespassing. He is being held on bond at Lake County Jail until court arraignment., 10/03/11 1929hrs EPD received calls of a possible impaired driver on Vine St going left of center and on coming vehicles had to swerve to avoid the driver. The vehicle was located and stopped near Walmart. After the operator failed field sobriety testing he was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence. Due to his extremely high level of intoxication the 51 year old male was released on an unsecured bond and released to a responsible party who was willing to take responsibility for him., 10/03/11 1518hrs police and fire responded to the 3500 block of Roberts Rd for a four wheeler that caught on fire in the garage.  The 4-wheeler was pushed out of the garage and extingished. No injuries to the owner., 10/03/11 at 0410hrs officers responded to the area of Walmart for two males chasing another male from Maple Park Apts. After apprehending one of the males involved it was discovered a male had entered one of the apartments at Maple Park uninviited and chased another male from that apartment. Returning to the apartment the second male was found to have returned - again uninvited to the apartment. Two were taken into custody - 22 year old male for agg, trespass and menacing and the other 34 year old male for a felony warrant out of LCSO for trafficking in drugs., 10/02/11 a resident in the 1400 block of E 332St reported his backyard shed was broken into and several powertools were stolen. Under investigation, 10/02/11 at 0239hrs an officer observed two highly intoxicated people on Lakeshore Bl, the female half lying on the ground and the male half attempting to help her up. Upon speaking with the couple the female advised she was in front of her residence but the male half was not welcome to stay. The 39 year old male then demanded to be arrested and took a seat in the cruiser - on his own and demanded to go to jail - we complied., 10/02/11 at 2113hrs Fire personnel assisted Mentor fire with a car that struck a nursing home in their city., 10/02/11 0404hrs an officer observed a vehicle traveling westbound on Lakeshore with no headlights on. The vehicle also was weaving and going over the center line into the eastbound lanes. The operator was stopped and later arrested for suspicion of OVI. The 29 year old male was charged with felony OVI - his second felony OVI in two years. He was also charged with BAC refusal - a felony, and traffic citations for driving under suspension, lighted lights required and left of center., 10/02/11 at 0215hrs a 17 year old male was arrested for walking on the freeway next to the median wall. He was also charged with drug paraphernalia, tobacco products and curfew. He is being recommended for the juvenile diversion program in lieu of court., 10/01/11 2304hrs theft from vehicle report taken on Curtis Bl - currently under investigation, 10/01/11 burglary report taken in the 1100 block of Waverly. Taken were video games and bedrooms were ransacked. Under investigation, 10/01/11 2149hrs police and fire responded to the Surfside Tower Apts for a reported fire. Smoke in the hallway was found to be caused by burnt food on a stove in one of the apartments. Fire department ventilated the area., 10/01/11 1917hrs a 37 year old male was arrested for stealing about $34 worth of merchandise from Walmart. He was uable to post bond and is waiting for a court appearance., 10/01/11 at 1531hrs officers reponded to Maple Park apts for an assault complaint. An 18 year old male stated he was assaulted by a 22 year old male. The 22 year old male was no longer present. Invest continuing., 10/01/11 0332hrs officer responded to a report of an assault taking place in the parking lot of an apartment building on Vine.  On arrival the 19 year old female and 20 year old male were already separated. Neither party wished to press charges. Both returned to their separate residences., 10/01/11 a resident in the 1500 black of E 332St reported his home was entered that is being renovated and tools and misc items taken. Suspect vehicle that maybe involved was described as a red dump truck., 10/01/11 0229hrs officers responded to a bar fight on Vine St. Upon arrival officers were advised the assailant was trying to leave in his vehicle. The operator was reemoved from his vehicle and the 33 year old male was later charged with assault and OVI. After arriving at the station he was booked in and given another charge for destroying the mattress in his cell., 09/30/11 1834hrs EPD received calls from a motorist reporting a possibly impaired driver. Upon locating the vehicle the officer observed the vehicle weaving and traveling over the white right road lines. After speaking with driver the 58 year old male was arrested on suspicion of driving under influence., 09/30/11 a motorist reported while traveling on SR 2 his vehicle was struck by a soda can thrown from a Mentor High School bus causing a one foot long crack in his windshield. Mentor school is making restitution - no charges to be filed, disicpline handled by the school., 09/29/11 2326hrs K9 Ekko and his handler assisted Willoughby Pd tracking suspects involved in a reported armed robbery on Erie St., 09/27/11 an almost vacant home was entered and a refrigerator removed on Erie Rd. The shed was also entered in the backyard with aluminum items removed., null, 09/28/11 a 32 year old female reported while in a store on Lakeshore her wallet containing money only was taken from the console of her unlocked vehicle. Report taken., 09/29/11 officers responded to the 800 block of Stevens for two sisters aged 23 and 28 fighting. They both were cited for disorderly conduct and released. The two have been arguing for two days -this is the second time in 24hrs we responded to try to keep the peace., 09/29/11 a 53 year old female reported her purse containing over $1,000 was stolen from her vehicle on Lakeshore when she entered the store to make a purchase. Invest is continuing, 09/29/11 report taken for harassing communications between 2 juveniles and 4 young adults. All parties were spoken to advised to have no contact with each other via in person, texting, phone or the internet as this is a reoccurring problem. Any further contact will result in arrests for violators, 09/29/11 1400hrs a 28 year old female was taken into custody for shoplifting 39 items totaling over $300 at Walmart. She was processed into jail and is being held for bond or court appearance., 09/29/11 a 17 year old female was arrested for stealing an item from her mother and having it pawned at a local pawn shop. The juvenile was released back to her mother and will face the charge in juvenile court., 09/28/11 report taken for an illegal use of a credit card.  Person(s) unknown to the complainant used the complainant's credit card at a store for over a thousand dollars.  Invest continuing., 09/29/11 another deer found herself in trouble - this time at Wodland Park. The deer was caught in a soccer net struggling to free itself. Officers again were able to cut the deer free without injury to the deer., 09/28/11 A 15 year old male was arrested for damaging the Eastlake Police Activities Leauge van outside of the PAL Center after he was suspended from attending. He was released to a parent and advised of juvenile court procedures., Police Chief Reik and Fire Chief Whittington will be at Anthony's Family restaurant (34931 Vine St, Eastlake) at 5pm 09/29/11. They will be available to answer any questions or concerns you have regarding the Eastlake Levy or other topics., 09/28/11 at 2037hrs EPD responded to a call of a male lying in a ditch in the 1300 block of E 345St. On arrival a 29 year old male was found passed out in a ditch by the side of the roadway. He was unable to provide personal information or stand on his own. He was taken into custody for disorderly intoxication and held until sober for his own safety., Found on Roberts Rd 09/29/11 a medium brown with tan stiching zipper wallet/purse. Identify contents to claim., 09/28/11 arrest made at Walmart for theft / shoplifting on a 27 year old female. She was brought to the station, processed and held on bond., 09/27/11 1440hrs report taken for a hit-skip vehicle accident on E 340St. A suspect vehicle was located but the driver denied causing the damage. Paint samples from victim vehicle and suspect vehicle were taken and will be sent to the Lake County Crime Lab for analysis. Invest continues pending outcome of lab results., 09/27/11 1110hrs harassment complaint received of a male in India threatening a resident in Eastlake over a property deed in India. Officer was unable to locate a phone number for the suspect in India (not Euclid) - invest will continue if suspect returns to USA., 09/27/11 1334hrs Police and Fire responded to a vehicle on fire on SR 91 at SR 2.  The fire was extinguished, vehicle towed and the motorist was provided transportation home. No injuries, 09/27/11 1249hrs 50 year old James Hughes was arrested on probable cause warrant for breaking and entering at Mama Primozz Pizza on 07/01/11. A fingerprint was lifted off the register drawer which lead to the arrest. Hughes is also being held on a Breaking and Entering warrant from Beachwood PD., 09/26/11 1740hrs a 31 year old male was arrested on a probable cause warrant for an assault on a 56 year old female that occured on E 354St last wednesday. The male was released on bond is waiting to face the charges at WMC., 09/25/11 1651hrs a 22 year old and 27 year old female were taken into custody for shoplifting DVD"s and hair products from Dollar General on Vine St.  Both were placed in cells waiting for bond or court appearance., 09/25/11 1121hrs a male reported his four wheeler was stolen from Curtis Bl when he left to get some gas for it. It's a 2004 Suzi 90cc red with a black gas tank and bald tires., 09/25/11 1106hrs a resident from Parkway Dr reported her 27ft Cleveland Brown's flag stolen from her flagpole during the night time hours., 09/25/11 0510hrs a night out drinking led to an assault and criminal damage report between a 22 year old female and 27 year old male at the Clearwater Apts. Both parites suffered minor injuries. Charges pending prosecutor review of report, photos and statements., 09/25/11 0109hrs during a traffic stop it was discovered the 32 year female driver had a felony arrest warrant out of Cleveland for felony assault with a weapon non-family. The female was taken into custody and housed at EPD until CPD arrived to take custody of her., 09/24/11 1847hrs report taken for criminal damage after a dispute over a parking spot at Walmart led to one of the parties involved to key the other's vehicle. Damage captured on video - invest continues., 09/24/11 1835hrs upon recieving complaints from motorists of a possibly impaired driver on Vine St, officers located the vehicle failing to drive within the marked lanes on Vine St. The vehicle stopped on Vine St to make a turn onto a side street and never completed the turn - instead staying in the middle of VIne St.  The 51 year old driver was taken into custody for suspicion of driving under the influence. He was held until sober and could post bond.  He was assigned a court date to answer to his charges., 09/24/11 1553hrs a 40 year old female was arrested for shoplifting $119.84 worth of merchandise at Walmart. She was transported back to EPD along with a 5 year child. The child was released to her mother and the female suspect was held waiting for bond or court appearance., 09/24/11 1423hrs report taken for a theft of a cell phone from a customer at Payless Shoe Store. While trying on shoes the customer placed her cell phone down next to her.  While her back was turned another customer took her phone. Video is being reviewed for the two juvenile female suspects., 09/24/11 1040hrs report taken for a shoplifting incident at Sears.  The male suspect concealed various tools under his jacket.  When confronted  by employees the male turned over the stolen property and fled the store on a bicycle., 09/21/11 1431hrs two 16 year old males were arrested for trespassing after entering a yard on Plymouth and removing a garbage bag full of aluminum cans. The two boys are being placed in the Eastlake juvenile diversion program., 09/23/11 0734hrs officers responded to the Radisson for a disturbance between a 27 year old male and a 24 year old female. After spending the evening together the two got into an arguement and he was refusing to give her a ride home or allow her in his vehicle. The two were separated, the male half went into a room at the hotel and the female made other arrangements for ride back to Cleveland., One of the RXR gates was knocked down at E 361St by a truck crossing the tracks. Norfolk - Southern was made aware and it should be repaired shortly., 09/22/11 an 18 year old male was taken into custody on probable cause warrant for employee theft at Valu-King.  He was released on bond and given his court date., 09/22/11 2330hrs Officers responded to the area of Walmart on Vine St for four females that fled Walmart after stealing a cart full of merchandise valued at over $200. Willowick PD located the vehicle and stopped it on Vine St at Lakeshore Bl.  All four females were taken into custody for investigation, three were later released and the forth held on petty theft charges awaiting bond., 09/22/11 reports of attempted thefts of catalytic converters and theft of catalytic converters taken in the Vine / E 357St area., 09/22/11 0739hrs Police and Fire rescue responded to 34612 Lakeland Blvd for a private property accident. A semi truck accidently ran over an employee that was bent over in front of the truck near the ground tying his shoe.  The victim was transported to Hillcrest hospital for leg/pelvic injuries. Investigation continues., 09/21/11 at 2330hrs report was taken for an assault that occured on E 354St between a 31 year old male and a 56 year old woman - investigation is continuing, 09/21/11 Officers responded to Center Rd for a disturbance between a male and female in a vehicle stopped in the middle of the roadway. The vehicle was pulling away as officers arrrived. The vehicle was stopped, driver and passenger interviewed reference the disturbance. A computer check showed the 41 year old male driver was under suspension and he was taken into custody. The 27 year old female was released from the scene., 09/21/11 1013hrs a patrol unit on SR 2 conducting target traffic enforcement for the construction zone stopped a vehicle traveling 66mph in a 50mph zone. Running the vehicle through the computer system it came back as stolen.  The driver was taking into custody for felony receving stolen property and the passenger was also arrested for a warrant from Cuyahoga Sherrif's Department., A semi-truck took down several wires this morning in the 1300 block of E 359St. The wires do not pose a hazard. Ameritect has been contacted for those residents affected with an ETA of two days., 09/20/11 EPD took five reports for thefts from boats at the West Channel Yacht Club. Outboard motors along with other misc property were reported stolen. Thefts occured sometime over night between yesterday and today's date., 09/20/11 at 1630hrs officers responded to a residence on E 361St for a physical confrontation between two females. Investigation revealed the two females, ages 59 and 52, were mutual combatants. Both were arrested for disorderly conduct/fighting charges., 09/19/11 a dealership on Vine St reported a 2003 Buick stolen from their parking lot. The vehicle was later recovered in the city of Lyndhurst abandoned., The "lottery" fraud is circulating once again targeting residents and businesses in our city. If you get a letter in the mail stating you won money and you haven't played in a lottery - you haven't won anything but a chance to loose money if you fall for the fraud. The letter will instruct you to call a phone number - not to discuss your claim with anyone and ask you to wire them money so they can forward your prize. Your best bet is to just destroy these letters., 09/18/11 at 2000hrs a 17 year male customer was arrested for stealing property from an employee at Biagios. He was released to his parent after teh booking process was completed., 09/18/11 a resident from Surfside Towers reported her catalytic converter missing from her vehicle. It is unknown when the theft occurred., CIVILIAN ACADEMY, On 09/18/11 at 0256hrs EPD stopped a vehicle traveling down Lakeshore Blvd without its headlights on.  After doing poorly on field sobriety tests the 28 year old male driver was taken into custody for the suspicion of driving under the influence.  He was held for bond and until sober., 09/17/11 2223 hrs officers removed a highly intocicated male from a party center where he was advised to find a sober driver to transport him from the center.  The 33 year old male became disruptive in the parking lot and was arrested for disorderly intoxication. He was held until sober., 09/17/11 at 2313 police and fire rescue responded to Vine St for an injury accident. On scene, four people were transported to the hospital for minor injuries. Both drivers involved were cited - one for driving under suspension and the other driver for right of way, left turn., 09/17/11 report taken for a boat owner that reported a boat motor was stolen from his 18ft boat which was docked at East Bank Marina., 09/17/11 at 0314hrs officers responded to a disturbance call on Forest Dr. Upon arrival a 20 year old male was outside of his residence yelling at other family members. The male would not stop his turbulent behavior and was arrested for disorderly intoxication.  He was held until sober., 09/17/11 0257hrs EPD stopped a vehicle traveling 47mph on Lakeshore and running a red light. The 24 year old driver was later taken into custody for suspicion of driving under the influence., 09/16/11 at 1915hrs a vehicle parked at Walmart on Vine St had the rear window broken out by a BB gun.  Evidence collected and it is still under investigation., 09/16/11 at 1856hrs EPD received a complaint of a vehicle "all over the roadway". Officers located and stopped the 34 year old driver.  After speaking with the driver and having him perform field sobriety tests, the male was placed under arrest for suspicion of driving under the influence., 09/16/11 at 1730hrs a 44 year old male was arrested in a bar on Vine St on warrants from Painesville PD for failure to appear on a DUI, DUS and red light charges., 09/16/11 at 1540hrs a report was taken for a stolen 2003 Ford F250 truck from Curtis Blvd. This is currently under investigation., Saturday morning at 0730hrs a resident reported a deer at Jakse Park was caught in a volleyball net.  An officer responded and was able to cut the deer free from the net. The deer, who's head was stuck in the net was unharmed., Friday night, 09/16/11, 25 cars were given warning tickets for parking on the hydrant side of the street at E 337St and Stevens.  The vehicle owners were attending the North High football game., If anyone is missing A 30lb black and white dog, red collar, no tags - contact the Dog Warden.  The dog was found wandering in the 1100 block of E 331St., A 23 year old male from Eastlake was arrested early this morning on several warrants stemming from an incident that occured earlier this year - including possession of heroin and drug paraphernalia. He is currently being held in jail pending bond or court arraignment., Fire and Police responded to a working house fire at 0119hrs this morning in the 300 block of E 332St.  One person suffered minor burns in the home and was transported to Lake Metro. The house was turned back over to the owner at 0410hrs. Willoughby and Willowick fire departments also responded for automatic mutual aid., 09/15/11 at 2008hrs EPD received complaints that a male was sleeping behind a business on Vine St.  The male was found to be highly intoxicated, unable to care for himself, nor could he remember where he resided. The 42 year old male was placed into custody and held until sober., ATTENTION EASTLAKE NORTH FOOTBALL FANS!
Police Chief Reik and Fire Chief Whittington will be at the North game tonight and will be available to answer any questions you may have about city operations
and the upcoming levy.  They will arrive at 6:30 and will stay through half
time.  We encourage you to ask and get informed., CIVILIAN ACADEMY, On 09/15/11 a resident of the Surfside Towers Apartments reported her catalytic converter was stolen from her vehicle within the last two weeks., UPDATE - 09/05/11 at 0650hrs a male homeowner in the 1100 block of E344St awoke to a male intruder outside of his bedroom door. On 09/14/11 officers apprehended Robert Anderson on a felony burglary charge associated with this report. He is currently being held in Lake County Jail awaiting bond or court. Special thanks to Mentor PD for their assistance., On 09/13/11 Robert Long was arrested on a breaking and entering warrant that occurred in January in the 1200 block of Hulett Ave. Long is accused of breaking into a garage and stealing tools., On 09/12/11 a 28 year old male was arrested for cruelty to animals for allegedly abandoning his dog for a week at his apartment after he was evicted. The dog was turned over to the Humane Society., 09/13/11 a vehicle was observed speeding and crossing the center dividing line on Vine St at 0237hrs. The vehicle was stopped and upon approach to the vehicle the officer could smell the odor of an alcoholic beverage about the driver - who spoke with slurred speech. The 48 year old female was later taken into custody for suspicion of driving under the influence., $5 bills are being altered to look like $50 bills and are being passed in the area. If you are in doubt of how a bill looks, do not accept it. The ink pen works on the bill making you believe it is not counterfeit., 09/12/11 at 0244hrs in a targeted traffic enforcement area on Lakeshore Bl a vehicle was clocked at a high rate of speed. Upon approach to the vehicle it was determined a short time later that the 42 year old female was going to be taken into custody for suspicion of driving under the influence of alcohol., 09/11/11 at 0100hrs a vehicle was observed going left of center on SR 91 traveling at a high rate of speed. When the vehicle finally stopped, the 27 year old male driver was taken into custody for suspicion of driving under the influence., 09/11/11 at 0056hrs a vehicle going over the posted speed limit on Vine St was stopped. Upon approaching the vehicle there was a strong odor of an alcoholic beverage. The driver was asked to perform field sobriety tests and the 56 year old female was later taken into custody on suspicion of driving under the influence., 09/10/11 at 0328 officers discovered an unlocked vehicle had been entered in the 90's block of River Dr and items removed. This is also still under investigation, 09/10/11 at 0200hrs officers responded to a reported burglary in the 90's block of River Dr. Investigation is ongoing, 09/09/11 at 2123hrs two juveniles were arested at North High and charged with underage consumption and possessing tobacco products. They were later released to their parents., SUMMARY OF AUGUST REPORTS, Summary of adult arrests August, There will be a ceremony for the observance of the 10th anniversary of
Sept 11th.  It will be held on Sunday Sept 11th at 1300hrs at the memorial located behind City Hall.  Please join us for the important occasion., During the month of August EPD wrote 193 reports, 253 supplementary reports, took 20 motor vehicle accidents. Officers took 21 felons off the streets and made 86 misdemeanor arrests., 09/07/11 at 1348hrs officers responded to Stevens Bl to check the welfare of a driver who was partially off the roadway on a curb and slumped over the wheel of his truck. Officers could not get a response from the driver and used the lock-jock to open the door.  There was a strong odor of alcohol coming from within the vehicle also on and about the 29 year old male driver.  The male was taken into custody for physical control - under the influence., 09/07/11 at 0912hrs a resident in the 1000 block of E 347St reported the theft of aluminum siding off three sides of her garage.  Unknown when the theft occured., 09/06/11 at 1724hrs a 14 year old was transported to the hospital after becoming ill after smoking marijuana. After treatment he was arrested on the drug charge., 09/05/11 at 1843 hrs an officer stopped a vehicle on Vine St for a minor violation. When approached, the 53 year old female had the odor of an alcoholic beverage about her.  She was arrested for OVI after failing field sobriety tests and also charged with possessing cocaine., 09/05/11 at 0650hrs a male homeowner in the 1100 block of E344St awoke to a male intruder outside of his bedroom door. The homeowner gave chase to the intruder, described as a white male, 6' tall, stocky build with a very short hair cut.  The suspect fled south to Joseph Ct then west. If anyone has any information call Det Kroczak (951-1400) or email TKroczak@ Eastlakepd.org., For those of you dropping children off at school - Vegas is a one way street. Buses only are using it between 8:30 and 9:30am. Violators will be cited......, 09/03/11 at 0114hrs a vehicle was pulled over on Vine St for being stopped at a green light. Upon talking with the operator of the vehicle, a 58 year old female, the officer smelled a strong odor of an alcoholic beverage about the female, speech mush mouthed and eyes glassy and bloodshot.  She was arrested on the suspicion of driving under the influence and later charged with OVI and possession of marijuana., 09/03// at 0030hrs a resident from the 33000 block of Beachpark reported the theft of his 42in flat screen TV from his residence. Investigation is continuing., 09/02/11 at 1809hrs officers responded to a disturbance call in the 1300 block of E 354St. Subsequently a 45 year old male was taken into custody on felony charges of having weapons under disability along with misdemeanor charges of using a weapon while intoxicated, aggravated menacing and cultivating marijuana., 09/01/11 0255hrs reported five car accident in the area of SR 91 and SR 2. Officers are out investigating., 09/01 solicitors on Vine St begging for money were asked to leave the city.  They were holding signs saying "We are broke and ugly.", 08/31/11 1804hrs two female juveniles were arrested for an assault on another female juvenile. One female was released to her parents, the other transported to detention. A third female's phone was confiscated that had had video recorded the assault., 09/01/11 at 0400hrs a 52 year old female was taken into custody for grand theft auto and driving under suspension. The vehicle was returned to the rightful owner., The 2011 Celebrity Art Auction to benefit Friends of Lake ADAMHS, 08/30/11 a report was taken from an Auto Dealer near our eastern boarder for the theft of two catalytic converters missing off parked vehicles in the sales lot., Congratulations to Ptl. Christian the newest member of the Western Lake County Swat Team appointed from our department 08/30/11, Applications for the Civilian Police Academy are available in EPD's lobby

Thank you for your interest in participating in the next Civilian Police Academy. A new application must be submitted for any individual wishing to join. Resumes are not accepted in lieu of an application. The completed application may be submitted to:
CITY OF EASTLAKE POLICE DEPARTMENT
CIVILIAN POLICE ACADEMY-SGT. GUTKA
35150 Lakeshore Boulevard, Eastlake, Ohio 44095, One school zone citation this morning - traffic enforcement detail in school zones again whens school lets out., 08/30/11 0133hrs officers responded to the area of SR 91 and Vine St on a report of an elderly male walking on SR 91. The male had approached a female motorist with his pants down exposing his underware and banging on her car window. The male was located still walking on SR 91. The 63 year old male was taken into custody and later released with a disorderly conduct citation, 08/29/11 A theft of several rims and tires were taken from an Auto Sales shop on Vine St. Investigation is ongoing., 08/29/11 This department received information that William Andrasiunas, wanted for robbing a bank in Concord and a bank in Wickliffe maybe visiting in the city. We received further information from within the Lakeview Estates - located on Lakeshore Bl that he was seen at the complex.  Officers soon after took William into custody without further incident and transported him to Wickliffe PD for their investigation., Traffic enforcement details in all school zones today., LEARN:
• Crime Scene Investigation
• Dispatch responsibilities
• SWAT response
• General patrol duties
• K-9 Unit
• Tour of the station and jail
• Fire arms safety and range
• Community policing and victim rights
• Question and Answer Opportunities
• Schedule a “Ride-A-Long”
LEARN ABOUT YOUR
LOCAL POLICE DEPARTMENT
WHEN:
Saturday, September 24, 2011
8:00am-4:00pm (lunch provided)
WHERE:
Eastlake Poli, APPLICATION FOR 
CIVILIAN POLICE ACADEMY

Thank you for your interest in participating in the next Civilian Police Academy.  A new application must be submitted for any individual wishing to join. Resumes are not accepted in lieu of an application. The completed application may be submitted to:
CITY OF EASTLAKE POLICE DEPARTMENT
CIVILIAN POLICE ACADEMY-SGT. GUTKA
35150 Lakeshore Boulevard, Eastlake, Ohio 44095, 08/27/11 at 0417hrs officers responded to a hit-skip accident that occured on SR 2 near E 337St. Suspect vehicle is a dark color Chrysler with right front side damage. The vehicle was last seen by witnesses exiting at SR 91 from the freeway., 08/27 1032hrs a resident on Guilbert was cited for dog at large after their dog escaped his yard and was being very agressive towards another homeowner., 08/27/11 0018hrs units responded to a dirt bike accident inside of a building on E 361St.  The bike's throttle stuck causing the male driver to crash his bike. He was transported to Lake West for minor injuries., 08/25 1840hrs Eastlake Pd assisted Timberlake Pd with a 69 year old motorist that struck Timberlake's cruiser. Accident report completed., There was a found bicycle turned into the PD today if anyone is missing a chrome boy's bicycle 18 speed trail bike with a shock in the frame you can claim it at the station.  All unclaimed bicycles are placed in the Police auction every spring., Also: A highway that is divided into four or more traffic lanes, a driver of a vehicle need not stop for a school bus approaching from the opposite direction which has stopped for the purpose of receiving or discharging any school child., As a reminder: The driver of a vehicle meeting or overtaking from either direction any school bus stopped for the purpose of receiving or discharging any school child shall stop at least ten feet from the front or rear of the school bus and shall not proceed until such school bus resumes motion, or until signaled by the school bus driver to proceed., School starts for most children in our community next tuesday.  Target speed area enforcement will include all school zones during school hours., There are traffic survey lines crossing Lakeshore Blvd near the 35700 block. These are not utility lines., 08/23/11 At 2027hrs a resident reported seeing juveniles on the pavilion roof at Jakse Park.  The juveniles were identified and made to pick up trash at the park as they also dumped over a garbage can., Update: 08/19/11 A female reported having her credit card stolen from a buisness on Vine St on 08/14/11. Several charges were made on the credit card. Video was obtained from an area buisness leading to the identification of the suspect(s). Warrants have been obtained for their arrest. 
A felony warrant was served to the 65 year old male for the theft of the victim's credit card on 08/23/11., 08/23/11 A resident in the 1300 block of E 359St reported the metal railing from her home and other metal items stolen., 08/22/11 A 26 year old male was arrested for felony theft of a firearm reported stolen in July., 08/21/11 two females were taken into custody for shoplifting over $900 worth of merchandise from Walmart on Vine St.  Both face felony charges., 08/21/11 officers responded to a burglary complaint in the 35000 block of Hillcrest - investigation is continuing., 08/20/11 at 1900hrs officers arrested a 44 year old female for leaving her young child unattended for an undetermined amount of time while drinking at a bar. She was charged with child endangering., 08/20/11 A resident in 1300 block of E 342St reported his home was burglarized. Investigation is continuing., On 08/20/11 at 0730hrs two male juveniles were stopped and questioned reference a theft of a bicycle complaint. Both males were taken into custody and charged with the theft and curfew violations., 08/19/11 four juvenile males were arrested for criminal damage in the area of E 340St and E 342St. All four were referred to the Eastlake Juvenile diversion Program and will be responsible for restitution and removal of graffiti., 08/20/11 Easlake officers asssited Willowick PD with a hit-skip that occured in their city., On 08/21/11 officers reunited a lost 5 year old child who got separated from his caregivers at the Captains Staduim., 08/19/11 A female reported having her credit card stolen from a buisness on Vine St on 08/14/11.  Several charges were made on the credit card.  Video was obtained from an area buisness leading to the identification of the suspect(s). Warrants have been obtained for their arrest., Investigators have developed information regarding this B&E; however they need additional information from the public that may assist them in solving the case.  These firearms pose a potential danger and investigators are seeking information that would aid in this investigation. 
Anyone with information is asked to call the ATF crime gun hotline 1-800-ATF-GUNS (1-800-283-4867) or the Eastlake Police Department 440-951-1400. The ATF hotline is toll free and the callers may remain anonymous., ATF OFFERS REWARD IN GUN SHOP BURGLARY - 27 HANDGUNS STOLEN 
The U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) is offering a reward of up to $2,500 for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the person or person(s) responsible for the theft of firearms from Sherwin Shooting Sports, 33140 Vine St., Norfolk and Southern are experiencing problems with the RXR gates at E 361St and Beidler.  They are working on the problem., 08/16/11 at 2105hrs a motorist reported a male lying by the dumpsters in the Vineyards.  Upon arrival it was determined the male was highly intoxicated and unable to care for himself.  He was arrested and held until sober., 08/16/11 at 1508hrs officers responded to an assault complaint in the area of E 361st. Upon arrival the female victim was transported to the hospital. Later in the evening the male suspect was located on Vine St and taken into custody for abduction and assault., On 08/16/11 at 1400hrs a resident living in the 35000 block of Wanaka reported golf clubs stolen from his garage, Monday at 0333Am officers responded to a complaint of a naked male standing outside an apartment building in the pouring rain.  Upon arrival the 63 year old male was taken into custody for indecent exposure and drunkenness., 08/16/11 at 0230hrs an officer located an occupied vehicle which was reported as being an unauthorized use on 08/15/11.  When the suspect was approached he became combative and was eventually subdued and taken into custody charged with the unauthorized use. He was further charged felony assault on a police officer, felony vandalism (During the arrest the suspect damaged a cruiser), felony theft along with possession of marijuana, a misdemeanor., On 08/13/11 during the Roverfest there were 14 arrests made by our department. The majority of the arrests were a result of disorderly/intoxication., 08/15/11 at 0033hrs officers responded to a report of a possibly impaired driver in the area of E 331St and Lakeshore.  The vehicle was located at Lakeshore and Erie.  After a shore investigation the driver was arrested for suspicion of being under the influence of alcohol. The passenger in the vehicle was arrested with a felony warrant out of Cleveland and for obstructing official business., At 2143hrs on 08/12/11 officers responded to a call of a stolen Harley Davidson from Lakeland Bl that had just occured last scene W/B Lakeland. The responding officer immediatly drove to SR 2 and observed the stolen Harley. A Wickliffe PD officer also responded to assist. After a short pursuit the motorcycle crashed on E 131St in Cleveland. The motorcycle received minor damage and was released to the owner today. Special thanks to Wickliffe., Rover's Morning Glory presents Roverfest on Saturday, Aug. 13 at Eastlake’s Classic Park. This event featuring live bands, special events and fireworks is sold out. Hours are 3:00pm to 12pm. 
If you have any parking issues contact the Police Station - there is an adequate amount of designated areas, vehicles not in the designated areas will be asked to move., Sherwin Shooting Sports suspect, one of two suspects in Sherwin Shootong Sports B&E, One of two suspects in Shirwin Shooting Sports B&E, 08/10/11 Officers responded to an alarm drop at Sherwin Shooting Sports - 34140 Vine st. It was discovered the building had been broken into. Invest continuing - pictures of the suspects will be posted as they become available., 08/10/11 Officers were dispatched to a report of an unconscious male in a vehicle partially blocking Lakeshore Blvd in the 34000 block. Rescue transported the male to Lake West, invest ongoing for the suspicion of the driver being under in the influence of alcohol and/or drugs., Traffic enforcement is continuing on SR 2 throughout the construction phase. Violators will be cited, zero tolerance - lets keep our construction workers safe., On 08/09/11 at 1129hrs officers assisted the fire department with a warehouse fire at All Tech - 34300 Lakeland Blvd. Special thanks to Willoughby, Willowick and Euclid Fire departments for the assistance., Congratulations to Chief Reik, Lt. Gonzalez ,Sgt. Werner and Sgt. Gutka who were promoted this year., Thanks to all who supported our 21st annual golf outting on 08/05/11.  Thanks to all the supporters who made this event a succuss.  Special thanks to Chief Reik who has been in the outting for the past 17 years and will be handing over the duties to other volunteers., On 08/08/11 officers reponded to a B&E at the Deck Lounge at 35943 Lakeshore Blvd.  Soon afterwards officers located and arrested a male suspect that was responsible.)