List(Happy April Fools' Day, everyone! Hope you enjoyed our incredible future shooting camera! https://youtu.be/WHsfJGvzuJ0, Happy beginning of April! Today, on a new edition of Gear Up with PEG, we show you a very exciting upgrade to one of our cameras., Managing projects requires the ability to take a step back and see the big picture. Check out these 6 essential things to remember as a project manager on this week's PEG Insider., Thrilled to create this video with Downtown Akron Partnership to promote our growing downtown that we call home., So proud to have created this video for our friends at the Greater Akron Chamber that was featured at their Annual Meeting tonight!, Multiple locations? No problem! PEG travels around the country, shooting on-location. Ryan writes from the air on this week's PEG Insider: Travel with PEG., What makes a video feel engaging & modern? Often it’s the animation and graphics. Check out some of our latest examples!, Rounding out our week of creativity, this fascinating article discusses the benefits of creative cross training. We know it works for athletes but can it help with creativity at work too? http://tinyurl.com/zgepsqe, Wishing you the luck o' the Irish! Happy St. Patrick's Day from your friends at PEG., We are continuing our week of looking at the popular marketing buzz word, creativity. Did you know that negative emotions can spur on creative output? Check out the studies about harnessing negative emotions to be creative., Today on PEG Insider, Sarah discusses the choice between tradition and creativity and walking the fine line between the two. http://prittentertainmentgroup.com/2016/03/the-box-in-or-out/, This week, we are looking at how creativity can cut through the clutter. Check out this article from B2B Marketing: http://tinyurl.com/jruthqp, null, Today, on PEG Insider, Sarah gives some insight into making your media content memorable by putting some "real in your reel.", Games at work? When it teaches you useful marketing facts, yes! Play and learn things like "30X more traffic is generated when using visuals rather than text..."  GumGum Adweek, Today, on PEG Insider, we have another episode of PEG: In A Word, featuring co-founder & creative director, Jeffrey Pritt. In the PEG: In A Word series, we ask our colleagues to describe their work with PEG in one word., In this episode of Gear Up with PEG, we talk about Recordin' The Audio. Microphone choice is an important element in the quality of your video. Check out our brief overview., February was a red carpet month for us, receiving & reviewing awards and more. Check out February's edition of PEG Update., Behind the scenes with gear testing and set creation for a corporate video shoot this morning!, Check out 2016's #OscarsResults. There were certainly a lot of surprises!, Thanks to the Akron Beacon Journal for featuring us in their profile of the downtown Akron economy today. We believe in Akron and are excited to be a part of its rejuvenation in the coming years., See our Oscar scorecard on PEG Insider! PEG's Andrew Nalette and Kurtiss Hare from The Nightlight are finished predicting and explaining the Oscars. Stay tuned for the results after the Oscars on Sunday night., The Oscars are almost here! Our last technical Oscar explanation is a two-for-one! Best Sound Mixing and Best Sound Editing predicted and explained by PEG's Andrew Nalette and Kurtiss Hare of The Nightlight. Enjoy!, Today we have Best Visual Effects explained and predicted by PEG's Andrew Nalette and Kurtiss Hare from The Nightlight., Snapchat official., Continuing our Oscar week series, today Andrew and Kurtiss from The Nightlight explain Best Film Editing and which movies they think the Academy will award this technical honor. 
(And in case you missed our first two videos, check them out here: http://prittentertainmentgroup.com/oscars2016/ ), Keep up with all of this week's Oscar videos from PEG and The Nightlight here: http://prittentertainmentgroup.com/oscars2016/, Happy Oscar Week! Today, PEG's Andrew Nalette and Kurtiss Hare of The Nightlight explain the tech category of Best Cinematography and which movie they think the Academy will choose this year., It's Oscar Week! Our very own Andrew Nalette teamed up with Kurtiss Hare from The Nightlight in downtown Akron to discuss their 2016 Oscar predictions., Today in live production, we introduce Snap Cam!, Last week, we also won an ADDY Award in Animation/Special Effects for this TV spot we created with the Cleveland Indians. Here's a look at the video, just in time to get pumped for the start of spring training!, Last week, we won a Film Cinematography ADDY Award for our work with First Night Akron! Here's a look at that award-winning video!, Today on PEG Insider, Amanda (who loves music and is quite talented herself) reviews the big show: The 58th Grammy Awards., Today on PEG Insider, Sarah reflects on the Addy Awards and the difference between our two award winning videos., Congratulations to our team for sweeping the video and animation portion of the Elements of Advertising category at the American Advertising Federation's Addy Awards, in our hometown of Akron!, Did you miss any of the exciting, edge-of-your-seat competitions with Josh Kuss and his Rubik's Cube? Don't worry! All of the episodes are available here:, Our award-winning production team brings brands to life in many different ways. Here's an example of how we do it with corporate video!, Check out NASA's space travel/exploration posters. Cool designs and a fun marketing move for NASA., Wave if you see the PEG van around! This van makes it a breeze to get gear to and from video shoots., A few PEG folk watched the gaggle of commercials and picked out a few favorites this week on PEG Insider. Are you having Puppy Monkey Baby nightmares too?, Episode #5 of Cube Wars is here! Watch as Andrew dangerously duels Josh, challenging Josh's Rubik's Cube skills and Andrew's own shaving skills., What a great start to the new year! Check out the highlights from January in this edition of PEG Update!, All good videos and graphics need a good control room to run them. We recently helped the University of Akron improve their setup at Rhodes Arena. Here’s a look at days of work, all in 30 seconds!, This week on PEG Insider's "PEG: In a Word" series, we hear from Sarah, one of our project managers at PEG. And perhaps you get to learn a new word too!, Early this year, we will be relocating our headquarters into a newly-renovated building in downtown Akron., "We’re going to need to become far more adept at thinking in pictures and sound than ever before in 2016." http://tinyurl.com/jgf6kva, When it's snowing out and you work in a downtown that has a sledding hill, you just have to close the office for a bit to take part in a sledding competition., It's time for Episode #4 of Cube Wars. Can Josh keep his winning streak alive against Amanda??, When your downtown has a sledding hill, you just have to close the office for a bit for a sledding competition..., Videos are one of the highest-rated interactions on the web these days. We’ve created a list of 10 easy questions on PEG Insider to help you begin with your best foot forward., Thinking about font in design is serious business. How do you feel about the font on your highway signs? Well, there are big changes afoot., It's officially January 26th in America, so now we can officially join our friends down under in the Australia Day celebration!, Having a great time shooting footage tonight with our friends at the Cleveland Cavaliers. Always love collaborating with them on fun projects!, Magical effects take serious skill and awesome software. Learn a little about how After Effects works with Ryan and Amanda on the newest episode of Gear Up., Sleds have been delivered! The PEG team is ready for next week's Reindeer Run Corporate Challenge at Lock 3!, Cube Wars is back again with Episode #3: Josh vs. Ryan. The speediest Rubix Cube solver around, our very own Production Specialist, Josh Kuss strikes again., After a shoot in North Dakota & Minnesota, we're filling up the country with PEG blue! #PEGtravels, Today on PEG Insider, Josh talks about how he describes his work at PEG., Our "16 Reasons #WhyVideo" facts are consolidated on PEG Insider. Discover how video can be a powerful tool for you., The Cleveland Cavaliers host the Golden State Warriors tonight, and celebrate the life of Martin Luther King, Jr.. Check out this new TV spot for the game that we created with them!, Thanks for joining us on our #WhyVideo journey! Check out the hashtag on Twitter if you missed any of the essential facts to inform your 2016 marketing strategy., Time for another edition of Cube Wars with the speediest Rubix Cube solver around, our very own Production Specialist, Josh Kuss! In Episode #2, Josh takes on Sarah as she brews a cup of Joe!, We're charging up again on Twitter today (@PrittEntGroup) with fun and interesting facts about video marketing. Read PEG Insider and then follow along or check #WhyVideo on Twitter!, Happy Friday! Our first shoot of the day is already in the books, as our crew was able to capture some awesome footage in Minnesota., We've been working on projects all over the place this week, including one in Minnesota, where our crew is getting shots framed up and preparing for a big video shoot tomorrow morning!, Everyone is talking about online videos... But #WhyVideo? Read the PEG Insider post below & follow us on Twitter, @PrittEntGroup, today & tomorrow as we reveal the truth..., What should 2016 look like for marketers? Ryan says that this year is the Year of Authenticity. See why over at PEG Insider (and see a great interview session with our friends at AKHIA)., Introducing the speediest Rubix Cube solver around, our very own Production Specialist, Josh Kuss! In this series, we see if Josh can solve a Rubix Cube faster than our team completes everyday activities. Enjoy Episode #1, as Josh takes on Jeffrey!, Having a blast looking back at 2015's top video trends and wondering what 2016 will bring..., Check out this alternate (and awesome) use for camera stabilizer technology! https://www.liftware.com, Exciting things happened last month at PEG. Check out the highlights in this edition of PEG Update!, Looking at your marketing strategies for 2016? Video is a quick growing marketing tool. In this Hootsuite interview, the social media director for Pitchfork says her day is filled with lots of strategy and quickly filling up with video strategy. Read the interview here:, Happy first work day of the new year from PEG! Make it a good one!, Producing our first live event of 2016!, Merry Christmas from your friends at PEG!, Today on PEG Insider, Amanda talks about how she describes her work at PEG., Good luck to our friends at the Akron Zips, who take on Utah State this afternoon in The Famous Idaho Potato Bowl!, Breaking out the camera stabilizer for an on-location for a product application shoot today., Andrew Nalette tells us about his work with PEG in just one word on this week's PEG Insider. Take a look!, Update from PEG! Check out what we did last month on this edition of PEG Update!, We were thrilled to help create an animated video for this event, which was captured in this Akron Beacon Journal photo., The PEG team was honored at the #Weatherhead100 Awards hosted by Weatherhead School of Management at Case Western Reserve University. See PEG Insider for more and for pictures from the event!, Group photo after being named the 5th fastest-growing Upstart company in northeast Ohio. Thanks for your support and helping us grow!, Honored to be at the Weatherhead 100 tonight, celebrating some of northeast Ohio's fastest-growing businesses!, We had a great time producing Akron Zips Football this season. Here’s a look back at some of our favorite moments!, Never too early to produce some hockey! We're in Youngstown this morning, producing some USHL action!, Tree decorated and lit up. Yule log burning (on the TV). It's starting to look a lot like the holidays in the office!, null, Our friends at Akron Zips Football are going bowling! We've had a blast working with them this season. Congrats!, Happy Thanksgiving from your friends at PEG!, Gratitude is a great practice. So we are practicing it! Join us and read more on PEG Insider., "This winter, we’re proud to announce that PEG will be relocating to the historic Burkhardt Block Building at 380 South Main St. in downtown Akron." See more on PEG Insider!, Some behind-the-scenes shots from the production of the Akron Zips vs. Buffalo Bulls Athletics football game at InfoCision Stadium., Today on PEG Insider, our fearless leader describes his work at PEG in just one word. Take a look..., Today on PEG Insider, our newest team member, Sarah Coffin D’Alessandro, shares her observations on watching our creative process at work!, It's update time! Here's a look at what we we've been up to, in the latest installment of PEG Update., It's Hall-ROO-ween in Akron! We're celebrating by producing some college football, as the Zips host Central Michigan., Happy Opening Night to our friends at the Cleveland Cavaliers and in QTV!, Congratulations to our friends at the Akron Marathon on announcing FirstEnergy as the new title sponsor of the Akron Children's Hospital Akron Marathon Race Series! Check out this video we created to help them celebrate the special announcement., Heard of a motorized slider? What about a jib? Learn more about the video gear you’re likely to find on any of our shoots:, Had a great time producing Youngstown Phantoms hockey this weekend. (P.S. Josh sees you...), In case you missed it, see what our team was up to in September, including the start of many live fall sporting events and events surrounding the Akron Marathon!, We're so excited to have helped ArtsNow debut the all-new SummitLive365.com. Here's a look at one of the videos we created with them for the big unveiling!, Are you considering a digital video project? Wondering if new branding might give your business a much-needed edge? Give our team a call. We’re happy to discuss your project! http://ow.ly/SLANh, On this episode of Cookin’ with Dan, we offer you a win-win: Find out why a professional camera beats a smartphone for video production and see some awesome slow motion food prep: http://ow.ly/SLAyC, Animation-driven videos, like the in-game graphics we did for the Cleveland Indians, can drive engagement while extending your brand: http://ow.ly/SLA1b, It's time for our monthly look at some of what we've been up to. Check out the latest PEG Update!, From leading the Commerce Park Revival with the Downtown Akron Partnership to our team’s night out at the Akron Rubber Ducks game, we had a busy August! Take a look., Having a great time this morning, producing the Akron Marathon!, Extra, extra! The new PEG Update is out!, Transporting our gear to shoots is now easier than ever, with the all-new PEG Van. Be sure to wave if you see our team out on the road!, Taylor Swift released her new music video on Sunday. We hate to one-up her, but today we're releasing our very-own music video!, We had a great time at our PEG Night Out on Saturday at the Akron Rubber Ducks game. Some of our team members even got their photos taken with Webster!, We recently took our new camera stabilizer down to The Market at Lock 3. Here's a look at some of the footage!, Ever wonder how shooting video on a professional camera compares to a smartphone? Ever wonder how to make the tastiest steak? We've got all the answers in our newest feature, Cookin' with Dan!, On-location for a multi-cam install video shoot today in Cleveland., Earlier this month, our team joined with the Downtown Akron Partnership to organize a volunteer project to help revive Commerce Park in downtown Akron. Here are a few of the photos, including some before and after shots. Thanks to everyone who helped out!, Having a great time in Canton, at today's on-location video shoot with the Akron-Canton Regional Foodbank!, Check out a few photos from the inaugural performance, by Michael McFarland, on the Sidewalk Stage presented by Pritt Entertainmaint Group! The stage will be set up in different locations throughout downtown Akron every Friday, through the end of September., Enjoying the first Sidewalk Stage concert, right outside our office!, Enjoy great live music this afternoon, right outside our our office in downtown Akron. Plus, there will be free popsicles and you can stop in to see us. What more could you ask for?, We usually make videos and animations. Today, we made a park. A big thanks to everyone who helped out!, Always fun to have a day out, helping in the community! Join us today, starting at 11:00, as we help clean up and revive Commerce Park in Downtown Akron!, In the latest PEG Update, we look back at a fun and busy month of July!, We're joining forces with the Downtown Akron Partnership to do a little "Extreme Park Makeover" this Thursday afternoon. All volunteers are welcome to join us and help revitalize Commerce Park!, Our new camera stabilizer can help capture dynamic video on your next shoot. Ryan and Andrew show you how, in the newest episode of Gear Up., We're proud to call the City of Akron our home, and recently had the opportunity to share why with our friends at the Downtown Akron Partnership!, Great video starts with the best glass. We unboxed a 35mm Zeiss Prime Lens today, the latest addition to our ever-growing collection of professional digital cinema lenses., Having a great on-location video shoot today, featuring multiple cameras and our motorized slider!, We're back from a fun holiday weekend and ready to look back at the exciting last month we've had here at PEG!, We had a great time producing the Thirsty Dog 8k & 1-Mile last weekend, part of the Akron Marathon's Rubber City Race Series. Here's a look back at just a few of the highlights!, In the newest episode of Gear Up, learn about our new teleprompter setup. It makes being on camera a breeze!, We're celebrating National Camera Day by showing off one of our favorites, the Sony FS7! We love all of our cameras, and have six different ones, giving us the flexibility for all kinds of video and photo shoots., Our live events team is getting set to produce our first live race this morning, at the Thirsty Dog 8K & 1-Mile!, Thanks for an incredible journey, Cavs! We're still #ALLinCLE., We're all set up at #NACDA15. Stop by and see tonight if you'll be in attendance here in Orlando!, Check out the latest update of what we've been doing, in the aptly-named PEG Update!, Highlights from our recent PEG Night Out with the Akron Rubber Ducks!, We had a blast producing Youngstown Phantoms hockey this season. Here's a look back at some of our favorite moments from the 2014-15 season at the Covelli Centre!, Earlier this month, we were proud to be the gold sponsor of Green & Clean, which drew over 370 volunteers to help spruce up Downtown Akron. Here's a look at just a few of the many highlights!, It's PEG Update time! Take a look at some of the fun projects we've been working on recently in the latest episode., We❤️NY. It's a busy day for our team, with three different video shoots going on in New York City!, Excited to announce that we'll be partnering with the Akron Marathon to put on the the in-stadium production for two of this year's Rubber City Race Series events!, Our volunteer team showing off some of their handiwork this afternoon, helping keep Downtown Akron beautiful., Having a great time out of the office this afternoon, helping spruce up Downtown Akron!, Learn more about one of our newest cameras, the Sony FS7, in the latest episode of Gear Up!, Excited that one of our co-founders was able to take part in this great event!, Youngstown Playoff Hockey is back tonight! Up in the control room getting ready for tonight's Clark Cup matchup, as the Phantoms take on Muskegon..., Join our growing creative team! We're hiring a Production Specialist. Find out more on our Careers page., We've added a bunch of new gear lately that will take your next shoot to the next level. Check out this Our Gear page on our website to see what's new!, Happy Opening Day to our friends at the Cleveland Indians! Excited to have worked with them on many cool animations that are making their debut today., Aways fun to see animations that we created live at events. Here's one from tonight at Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland!, We're pulling back the curtain to give you a behind the scenes look at one of our live video board productions from a recent Youngstown Phantoms game!, Getting ready for a green screen video shoot this morning in Cleveland., Excited to share the new campaign video that we created with the Greater Akron Chamber!, Excited to debut our new campaign video for the Greater Akron Chamber tonight at their 108th Annual Meeting!, Happy Sunday! We're starting the new week off right by producing some Ohio Athletic Committee wrestling!, Throwing our own Ohio watch party for our friends at UC Irvine Athletics!, Congrats to our friends at The Devil Strip on releasing their first issue today! Thanks for dropping some off!, Our Live Events Team is hard at work tonight, producing some USHL hockey in Youngstown., Good luck to our friends at UC Irvine Athletics, as they take on Hawai'i tonight in the Big West Conference Championship Game! Here's a look at the intro video that we created for them this season., We've been creating a lot of exciting, new 3D animation projects lately. In the latest Gear Up, Ryan and Andrew talk about the how 3D can take your project to the next level., Last week, we walked your through our gear closet. Today, we'll share a behind-the-scenes look at how we shot it!, Excited to see that the new TV commercial that we created with our friends at the Cleveland Indians has hit the airwaves!, February is over. March has begun. That can only mean one thing... It's time for the another edition of PEG Update!, Ever wonder how we keep all the gear that we use on shoots organized? Then check out this behind-the-scenes look at our PEG gear closet! (Oscar nominations for acting are pending.), Celebrating our last night of producing the Toughest Monster Truck Tour with one of the stars of the show, BIGFOOT., Excited to be shooting some up-close monster truck action tonight!, It's a big day at the office... The new line of PEG gear has arrived!, It's that time again... Time for another edition of PEG Update!, Take a look at this video that we shot and produced with the Downtown Akron Partnership, showcasing First Night Akron 2015!, Curious to see what we've been up to in video-form? Then check out the latest edition of PEG Update!, Checked another state off our travel map! Here's a shot of a shot (get it...?) from our on-location video shoot today in Mississippi., We recently added another new state (Georgia) to the list of places where we've been for on-location projects. That makes state #12 on the big board!, Our team had a great time bringing in the new year across the country... Here's a look at Jeffrey capturing footage at the celebration in our hometown of Akron., Happy New Year from all of us at PEG!, Merry Christmas from your friends at PEG!, What happens when you give hockey players a cell phone? Selfies are taken, of course. Here's a look at a new in-game feature we recently produced for the USHL's Youngstown Phantoms., Our team got to hang out with the Stanley Cup tonight. You better believe we got a photo!, The new Emoji Cam we debuted at our hockey production tonight is a hit with the kids! 😃, Top o' the morning to you, from the top of a building in Atlanta! Some of our team members are on-location for a corporate video shoot today., As we get closer to the holidays, here's a look at a video that we recently made for the American Cancer Society and their holiday Cattle Baron's Ball event, held in Akron., Things are officially getting quite festive here at the office... Holiday music playing and we've even got a tree now!, The latest edition of PEG Update is out! Here's a look at a few of the things we've been up to..., The doors are open at the Winter Meetings Trade Show. Stop by and see us at Booth 448!, No better way to start the morning off than by producing a hockey game! Shoutout to the 11 members of our team who were up bright and early, producing a School Day USHL game in Youngstown., On-location at the Connor Palace, in Cleveland., Ready for the gates to open in balmy Akron tonight! Producing some MAC football as Akron takes on UMass., Check out this year's intro video that we produced for our friends at UC Irvine Athletics., Looks like we've got a new canine assistant on today's photo shoot!, Things have been quite busy here at PEG. Check out the latest PEG Update to see what we've been up to..., A few shots from our AAF-Akron Agency Tour on November 6th. Thanks to more than 40 people who stopped by to see our office and to Cecilia Sveda from AAF for sharing a few photos that she took at the end of the night!, Taking a look at some of our recent projects..., Our live events team needs no rest! After producing a football game last night, they're doing a School Day hockey game this morning., A shot from our production of last night's Akron Zips vs. Bowling Green Falcons game at InfoCision Stadium., Doing a video shoot this morning near Cleveland, at Lawrence School. Very cool to see their talented staff at work!, Today we celebrated six years of PEG. Ryan looks back at the day, and the first five years in today's PEG Insider., The all-new PrittEntertainmentGroup.com has officially launched. Check it out!, Today is our 6th birthday! No better way to celebrate than with a cake..., Excited to launch another new website today, this time for our friends at W.D. Packard Music Hall!, Excited that some of the footage we recently shot in Circleville, Ohio made multiple appearances in a segment on ABC World News Tonight with David Muir last night!, Really excited to launch the all-new website that we created for our friends at the Covelli Centre. Check it out to see their new look!, Another day full of multiple corporate videos shoots is already underway today. Some of our team members are already up on a roof, shooting video near Youngstown., Also today, one of our other video crews was out shooting an install video for one of our corporate clients., Just wrapped up a great video shoot today with the Youngstown Phantoms, capturing footage for fan entertainment videos., It's time to say goodbye to September. Here's a look back in this month's PEG Update!, How do you get a great shot of a dog sitting in the back seat of a car? It's not as simple as you may think!, We're on a photo shoot all day long, full of dogs and cats. Since the internet is made for cute pet photos, be on the lookout for some throughout the day!, Time to take a look back at a busy month of August at PEG!, Another pregame video that we created for last night's Akron Zips Football opener..., College football is back! Check out this season's intro video that we created for Akron Zips Football., null, Late-night intro video editing sessions are officially underway at PEG... That can only mean one thing: Football season is only one week away!, Just a gorgeous day to be out shooting..., Always love to see pieces that we designed after they've been printed... Here's a look at the season ticket books and pocket schedules that we created with the University of Akron. Zips fans will start receiving these today!, The month of July was a fun one here at PEG! Here's a look back at what we were up to…, A shot of some of the graphics and videos we made for tonight's Welcome Home LeBron event... So glad we could be a part of it!, The view from the audio room, where we're spinning the tunes at tonight's sold-out Welcome Home LeBron event in Akron!, Photos from our football intro video shoot for Akron Zips Football., Sometimes you've gotta get a little creative to get the shot you want..., The Akron football team is together for this portion of the Zips intro video shoot. The night session is coming up!, In the locker room with the Akron Zips..., A behind the scenes look at our video board production of Cleveland Browns Family Day., Getting ready to produce Browns Family Day at InfoCision Stadium!, Interesting article from The New York Times on the importance of video boards in the fan experience., Welcome home, LeBron!, June, you were busy and you were fun. Here's a look at some of what we were up to..., Our office is right in the heart of LeBron's hometown. That means the PEG Lounge is crowded and glued to the TV today!, Taking a field trip to the Akron RubberDucks game today. Jeffrey is trying to conquer the 3 Dog Night for lunch. It's a hot dog, inside of a bratwurst, inside of a kielbasa. We wish him luck., Another day on the road...and also in the air for some of our team members. Here's a photo from today's on-location video shoot in Detroit., This is what our entire NACDA Convention display looks like in box-form., Another year at the NACDA Convention is in the books! Ryan has a quick recap from Orlando., Getting ready for another day at the 2014 NACDA Convention! Here's Ryan with an update from Orlando..., And she's done! All set for the next two days in Orlando..., Pumped to see some of our poster designs being showcased as featured work at the NACDA Convention!, We've arrived at #NACDA14! Now...time to build an exhibit., Animation and graphic design pieces help teams get noticed. Here are a few examples of some that we've worked on recently for professional, minor league and college teams all across the country., Whew! June is off to a busy start, but that won't stop us from taking a look back at the month of May..., If you'll be at #NACDA14 next week in Orlando, come see us at the convention! We'll be hanging out at booth 327. Stop by and say hi!, Today's location for the PEG Road Crew: The Las Vegas Convention Center for Lightfair International., All dressed up and shooting live at the Edison Awards, being held at The Palazzo, in Las Vegas., Viva Las Vegas! Some of our team members are on the road this week, shooting footage and creating videos at Lightfair International., Today on PEG Insider, Amanda takes a look back at Saturday's PEG Night Out at the Akron Rubber Ducks game!, We've got a full house today in our editing suite... Always love having clients visit for in-house editing sessions!, The view from behind the camera... On a shoot in Cleveland today., A look at our latest PEG Night Out at Canal Park., Getting some motion shots with the Sony FS700 and the slider..., Today on PEG Insider, Amanda gives her review of last week's iHeartRadio Music Awards., Excited to have just gotten the tickets for our next PEG Night Out at the Akron RubberDucks game!, As we say goodbye to April, here's a look back at another fun month at PEG!, Editing time at the office today..., To give you an idea of how much gear goes into each production/shoot, here's just some of what we brought for today., Just wrapped up producing a live show this morning, featuring cameras in five different locations, as far away as Monterrey, Mexico., Excited to finally share the design of the schedule poster that we created for Akron Zips Football!, Excited to get in our new JVC GY-HM850 today! Will be great for shooting sports, conferences, trade shows and other fast-paced projects., Great to chat with a bunch of high school students who stopped by for an agency tour today!, Field trip to the RubberDucks game today! Here's some of our team hanging out with their favorite pigeon, Homer., Update time! Here's a look at just a few of the projects we've been working on lately..., Vegetables really do have so many benefits... Getting resourceful this morning on a video shoot at Heinen's., Putting the finishing touches on this year's Akron Zips football schedule posters. Can't show any details yet, but you'll be seeing them soon!, Our sixth season of producing Youngstown Phantoms hockey is now officially in the books. Here's a look back at some of our favorite moments from this season..., Thank you, Youngstown. We've had a great time entertaining you this season!, Getting our final weekend of hockey productions for this season underway tonight..., Ladders, lifts, sliders and more on today's corporate video shoot., Doing an on-location corporate video shoot this morning on the west coast, in San Francisco..., Good morning! We're up bright and early and getting set up at the South San Francisco Conference Center for today's video shoot., Some of the PEG team is on the road in San Francisco. After planning for tomorrow's shoot, Ryan, Jeffrey and Amanda stopped to check out the Golden Gate Bridge., Dan and the PEG Corporate team are out on a video shoot this morning, getting footage of insulation products. He gives this shot his full approval., We've been racking up the miles lately, traveling all across the country for video and photo shoots. In fact, some of our team members will be in San Francisco for another one this week. Before she heads west, Amanda gives you a behind-the-scenes look at what all goes into an on-location shoot., It's been 40 years in the making, and today Akron Zips Women's Basketball makes its NCAA Tournament debut. We're proud to have helped create their marketing campaign this year, including this intro video., Team USA in the house for today's PEG Sports production., Apparently it's Country Day at this morning's production... At least it is for Isaac., In this edition of Gear Up, learn about our wireless client preview system that we use on video shoots., Today's magnetic words of inspiration from the PEG fridge..., One of our youngest fans, Alice, is all ready to go outside and enjoy the nice day in her super-fashionable PEG jacket!, Setting up in the PEG Lounge to shoot a new episode of Gear Up. Be on the lookout for it soon!, Pegasus, the unofficial PEG mascot, is making his rounds this morning. Ryan just loves when he makes a stop at his desk., We've had a blast producing the Ohio Athletic Committee Wrestling State Championships this weekend. Here's a look at some of the footage that we shot with our Sony FS700 and edited same-day to play before the title matches., Producing some OAC wrestling this weekend in front of a packed house!, Looking over some footage from today's shoot that we held here at PEG for the Team Ryan Charitable Foundation for Pediatric Cancer Research..., Another month of fun projects has come and gone... Here's a look back at what we were up to in February!, The PEG Corporate team is out and about today, on a video and photography shoot near Toledo., Today's words of wisdom from the PEG fridge..., HUGE thanks to our friends at AKHIA for throwing us a great surprise party today! We're so proud to partner with them on many exciting projects., Here's an up-close look at the Addy Award that we won for our Back The Zips advertisements for the Akron Zips!, We won our first Addy Award! Congratulations to our team on all of their hard work!, Just wrapped up a successful on-location shoot in Arkansas. Really excited about the footage we captured!, Video shoots don't only have to take place on the ground..., Previewing footage from today's shoot in real-time on iPads. It's a great way for our clients to see what we're shooting as it happens., Good morning! Some of our team members are up bright and early today, on a video shoot near Columbus., Just did what may be the first-ever Slow Dance Cam in game ops history. A great success!, Shout-out to 14-year-old Baileigh Black, who is helping us play music for today's Kids Run The Show game at the Covelli Centre!, We're producing two more live events this weekend. In case you missed it, here's a look behind the scenes at how our shows come together..., January was a fun and busy month at PEG! Here's a look back..., Officially booked our trip to #NACDA14. Looking forward to seeing all of our friends in college athletics in Orlando this June!, Producing a Harlem Globetrotters show tonight. Perhaps our PEG team will challenge them to a game afterwards..., Nothing brings a staff together quite like a good game of basketball! After our production of the Lariccia Family High School Basketball Series on January 27th, 2011, we took to the court ourselves at the Covelli Centre in Youngstown, Ohio. Here are a few of the images..., Productions are complete. Time now for our team to suit up and hit the court for the 2014 PEG Basketball Classic!, What a busy week! Here's a shot of Ryan directing our NINTH live event in the past five days., Amanda is getting ready to shoot some basketball for our live production tonight..., Happy birthday to Isaac Smith! You’ll find Isaac doing photography, audio work, and running graphics at live events for us. Put up a Happy Birthday graphic for yourself today, Isaac!, Welcome to the weekend! We're kicking it off by producing some live sports tonight., Ever wondered what's going on behind the scenes of a video board show? Here's a look at just a small part of what goes into one of our live hockey productions., Justin Bieber, Rob Ford and...hockey? The Dallas Stars had some video board fun at the expense of Toronto tonight., Today on PEG Insider, Amanda shares her thoughts about Aerie's new advertising campaign, that vows to not edit or retouch any pictures of their models., Checking out some of the animations and graphics that we made at Rhodes Arena today. Akron taking on Toledo right now, live on ESPNU., Perfect game! Produced an entire hockey game tonight with added content on every single whistle. A commemorative group photo was in order..., Up bright and early this morning, producing a show that is being broadcast worldwide!, Our friends at the Washington Wizards with an edgy new Fan Cam idea... What do you think of Bandwagon Cam?, Excited to see some of our new 3D animations that we made for the Youngstown State Penguins up and running tonight at the Beeghly Center!, Happy Monday! Start your week off with cup of coffee and by reading what Amanda thinks about taking chances in today's edition of PEG Insider., Hockey night in Youngstown! Getting our production underway for Phantoms vs. Lumberjacks., Take a look at some of the fun projects we've been working on lately in the newest installment of PEG Update., Did you watch ESPN's Megacast of Monday's BCS National Championship Game? Ryan shares his thoughts on this new way of televising a game in today's PEG Insider., Working on some new 3D video board animations for the Youngstown State Penguins today! It's the letter D...and a fence. Get it?, It looks like a snow globe outside of our office windows in Akron. Wherever you are today, we hope you're staying warm!, Happy New Year from your friends at Pritt Entertainment Group!, We don't design graphics in Microsoft Paint, but we're still amazed at what this person was able to do with it., Happy birthday to our audio expert Geary James. He always knows just the right song to play, and today we're sure it's "Birthday" by The Beatles., Happy Holidays from your friends at Pritt Entertainment Group!, Check out some of the exciting things that have been going on at PEG in our latest installment of PEG Update!, Breaking out the jib for a video shoot this afternoon in Cleveland., Do you follow PEG on LinkedIn? If not, check out our page to learn more about us!, For those interested in seeing what goes on behind-the-scenes of a live sports production, here's a great video from The Verge. http://youtu.be/u_V8IlitveE, Today on PEG Insider, Ryan looks back at our season of producing Akron Zips Football..., Just finished up the design and print work on a new bookmark ad for our friends at The 401 Lofts!, Camera + Motorized Slider + Ladder = Fun...and cool shots!, Back in Cleveland this morning, shooting more footage for a conference room renovation project., Some shots of the PEG team in action, producing the Akron Zips vs. Toledo Rockets game on November 29th, 2013 at InfoCision Stadium., We had an amazing time this season producing Akron Zips Football at InfoCision Stadium! Here's a look back at some of our favorite moments..., Geary breaking out the new music computer for today's Akron Zips Football game., Earlier today, we showed you this year's Akron Zips Men's Basketball intro, now here's a look at their Women's Basketball intro video, which we also created., With college basketball season now in full swing, here's a look at the intro video that we recently completed for Akron Zips Men's Basketball!, More banner fun! Here's a look at the giant Akron Zips Women's Basketball banner that we designed, which is now hanging on Rhodes Arena., The skywalk banner that we designed for Akron Zips Men's Basketball is now proudly hanging on-campus!, Good first part in a series of blogs from Forbes on the fan experience at sporting events..., On a corporate video shoot today in Westlake, Ohio. Shooting with our Sony FS700.., Getting some "before" shots for a three-week conference room makeover video. We'll be using our Sony FS700 and shooting timelapse footage with our Canon 5D., Allison is editing away on some graphics (and secretly waiting to watch Toy Story 3)., We've been working on a lot of fun projects lately! Here are just a few of them..., Great night of producing live hockey., In honor of mid-week #MACtion returning tonight, here's a #MACtion animation that we created recently. Enjoy your weeknight football tonight, everyone!, Just got a chance to see the finished products of a few more of our recent design projects! Poster, magnet and pocket schedules for the Akron Zips..., Last week we showed you this year's billboard campaign that we created with the University of Akron's athletic department to promote their 2013-14 men's basketball season. Now here's a look at the ads that will appear in the student buses that run throughout the campus and downtown area., Happy Saturday! It's a busy day for for our PEG team. We're at Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland for figure skating, InfoCision Stadium in Akron for football, and Covelli Centre in Youngstown for hockey. No better way to start the weekend than with a lot of sports!, Our friends at Akron Zips Men's Basketball hit the court for their first game tonight. In addition to their intro video, here's a look at one of the 3D animations that we created for them this season., Doing a corporate shoot today in Youngstown, Ohio., Here's a look at the billboard campaign that we created with the University of Akron's athletic department to promote their 2013-14 men's basketball season. Variations of these will be used on digital and static billboards, as well as on public Metro buses throughout the city., Really excited about the intro video that we shot and are creating for Akron Zips Men's Basketball this season. Here's a peak..., Producing another #ZipsGameDay, as the Zips take on Ball State in Akron., Thanks to our friends at Downtown Akron Partnership for featuring us in their latest Distinctly Downtown blog! Check it out..., Celebrating our anniversary all day long at PEG! Amanda is ready to break out the special PEG 5th anniversary wine., On October 15th, 2008, our company was born. Today, we celebrate our fifth anniversary!, Happy Opening Night to our friends at the Syracuse Crunch, who host their home opener tonight! Here's a sneak peak at one of the new animations that we created for their 20th anniversary season., It's opening weekend in the American Hockey League! Coree is busy today working on some new animations for our friends at the Syracuse Crunch., Our Sony FS700 is set up and ready to shoot tonight's AL Wild Card Game, as the Indians host the Rays at Progressive Field., Congratulations to our friends at the Cleveland Indians for making the 2013 MLB Playoffs!, They're now setting up for a live country music concert outside of our offices. What a fun Wednesday surprise!, There may or may not be a camel outside our office, celebrating hump day. Amanda approves of this., We are live at InfoCision Stadium in Akron. Underway for another production of #ZipsGameday..., Check out some of what we were up to at PEG during August..., Check out some of what we were up to at PEG in the month of July..., Best of luck to our friends at the Youngstown Phantoms, who open their USHL season tonight. Can't wait for the home opener next Friday!, Today's intro video shoot continues, now starring the Akron Zips women's basketball team..., On another fun video shoot today, filming this year's men's and women's basketball intro videos for the Akron Zips., You might think that you don't always notice it, but check out this article about how big of a role music has in setting the mood for a consumer. Works the same in videos and live events as it does in restaurants..., Now that opening night is in the books for Akron Zips Football here's a look at the 2013 intro video that we shot and produced for UA!, Excited to be featured in an article in today's Akron Beacon Journal and on Ohio.com!, What instantly makes a workday better? Popcorn from Garrett Popcorn Shops being delivered to the office!, Amanda getting some editing done in Premiere on one of our corporate projects..., Today on PEG Insider, Ryan talks about our big move-in day!, Today's the day! We have officially moved into our new offices in downtown Akron! Here's a look at our new location and the city that we call home..., College football kicks off tomorrow! Today on PEG Insider, Ryan talks about his excitement for the season., Working late, putting the finishing touches on our new offices… Stay tuned as we officially move in later this week!, Josh is never quite as happy as when a new Whiplash instant replay system arrives at the office for him to play with..., A little teaser video that we produced for Akron Zips Football that was released today..., Take a look behind the scenes of our recent intro video shoot for Akron Zips Football!, Our intro video shoot for Akron Zips Football got a brief mention in the Akron Beacon Journal, as they recapped last Monday at Zips camp., Some shots from our PEG Night Out at the Akron Aeros game., We said earlier that big things were coming... Our new office in downtown Akron is going to be very tough to miss!, Time to put this guy in storage. Big things are coming..., Excited for a #PEGNightOut with our team at the Akron Aeros game tonight!, Check out some cool shots from our intro video shoot yesterday for Akron Zips Football!, Highlights from our video shoot for the Akron Zips 2013 football intro video., Team meeting at the office to go over our big special effects shoot tonight for the Akron Zips football intro. #ZipsIntroShoot, Green screen time! #ZipsIntroShoot, Giant tires for our special effects portion of the #ZipsIntroShoot or picnic tables? You decide., Looks like Tori is getting some looks from the Zips sideline. Four cameras here today... #ZipsIntroShoot, Getting some great shots of the team's practice... #ZipsIntroShoot, Good morning from InfoCision Stadium. Be on the lookout all day for updates from our intro video shoot for Akron Zips football! #ZipsIntroShoot, We're excited to be shooting the 2013 Akron Zips Football intro video on Monday! Be on the lookout for updates all day with #ZipsIntroShoot., Jeffrey playing with some new toys around the office... The Steadicam gets as many great shots as it does weird looks., Now that's a lot of animation..., A lot of video editing today at PEG... Here's Coree putting the finishing touches on one of our current projects., Another soggy day in Akron... But that's not stopping at least one happy kid from dancing in the rain outside our office., We take a look at the portable jib on the newest episode of Gear Up. See how it can add some great shots to your next video project!, We've got the jib set up at Cascade Valley Park. Be on the lookout for it to be featured in the next episode of Gear Up with PEG..., Local artist Cari Miller from Sunthing Special Studio and Gallery just brought us a painting that she made for us! Thanks for the great work, Cari!, Are you following us on Instagram yet? If not, follow us here: http://instagram.com/prittentertainmentgroup and you'll get to see videos like this one., Our new office officially has desks. It's starting to look like a real place to work (and create)!, Check out some of the exciting things that have been going on at PEG in our latest installment of PEG Update!, We now have a sign! A temporary one...but still a sign., We shared the latest pictures of our new office a little bit ago, but you can read more about what going on in today's edition of PEG Insider..., Work is continuing on our new office space in downtown Akron. Here's a look at the latest progress..., Painting day in the new office! This wall won't be green for long..., Work is underway on our new office space in downtown Akron's Entertainment District (a perfect fit for a company with Entertainment in our name). Here's a look at some of what is going on inside., This area will be a lounge, where our team members and clients can relax, meet and talk over projects., Today on PEG Insider: Ryan's thoughts on thinking outside the box in production and a review of the Orlando Predators game ops., The day wouldn't be complete without us wishing a happy birthday to jack-of-all-trades, Josh Kuss! He also wins the award for having the best beard on our team., Check out the first episode of Gear Up with PEG! Learn all about our motorized slider. It's one of the fun toys that can take your video shoot with us to the next level., Check out Ryan's recap of last week's NACDA Convention on PEG Insider!, We're Vine-ing on Facebook! Jeffrey and Josh hard at work on a shoot..., More exciting news... We've launched an all-new website. Check it out and let us know what you think!, Checking out the Orlando Predators vs. Cleveland Gladiators game at Amway Center with our team. Great video and LED boards here..., Big news... We are excited to announce that we are moving to new offices at 22 Exchange in downtown Akron! Thanks for helping us continue to grow!, Pictures from the 2013 National Association of Collegiate Directors of Atheletics Convention, held at the World Center Marriott Resort in Orlando, Florida., Pictures from the 2013 National Association of Collegiate Directors of Atheletics Convention, held at the World Center Marriott Resort in Orlando, Florida., A fun and busy day/night at the NACDA Convention is in the books. Back at it again tomorrow..., Pictures from the 2013 National Association of Collegiate Directors of Atheletics Convention, held at the World Center Marriott Resort in Orlando, Florida., It's done! See you at booth 109!, Update: Four hours in, and more progress is being made. We now have a backdrop and everything., Guess it's time to start unpacking..., Some of our team members are officially in the air and off to Orlando for the 2013 NACDA Convention. We'll keep you updated right here throughout the week!, Getting our boxes packed, as some of our team members get ready to head to Orlando this week for the NACDA Convention., A new logo can only mean one thing... Snazzy, new PEG apparel! Yep. We just used the word "snazzy.", New office "toys" today: Some fancy PEG flash drives. We're tech nerds... We love this stuff., Check out some of the exciting things that went on at PEG in May..., null, Introducing the new look of PEG..., Editing away at some TV spots for comedian Dave Coulier..., We know we've been awfully quiet lately, but that's just because we're about to make a lot of noise.  Stay tuned..., Two weeks until our team will be in Orlando for NACDA Convention. Can't wait to meet everyone there!, Thanks to all of those who risked their lifes to keep us free. We hope everyone has a safe holiday and takes today to remember and honor those who have served., The pronunciation debate has finally been settled... From the creator himself: “It is a soft ‘G,’ pronounced ‘jif.’ End of story.”, A fun look back at some of the highlights from our productions of Youngstown Phantoms hockey this season..., It's that time again... Time for another exciting episode of PEG Update!, Happy Mother's Day to all moms out there! Thanks for all that you do..., Learning more about project lifecycles from Amanda Butts of Leo Burnett at the Akron Advertising Federation's Lunch & Learn., What a fun Youngstown Phantoms production tonight. Already excited to produce Game 4 tomorrow night!, Youngstown Playoff Hockey continues tonight! Can't wait to get this show going in about an hour..., We work hard, but also like having fun. Our team had a blast at Tuesday's Akron Aeros game, celebrating a PEG Night Out., Ever wanted to see what goes on behind the scenes at PEG, but in sepia tone? If so, then follow us on Instagram!, Pumped for a PEG Night Out with our whole team at the Akron Aeros game tonight!, An interesting article on which MLB teams are leading the way in fan engagement..., Here's an example of our logo creation and animation work.  The "Youngstown Playoff Hockey" logo that we created for the Youngstown Phantoms..., Congratulations to our friends at the Youngstown Phantoms on advancing to the USHL Eastern Conference Finals tonight! Such a fun game to be a part of..., Hockey night in Youngstown..., Youngstown Playoff Hockey starts tonight! Excited to produce tonight's Eastern Conference Semifinal game between the Youngstown Phantoms and Green Bay Gamblers..., It's time for another look back at some of the exciting things that have been going on at PEG!, Great video shoot with the Youngstown Phantoms. Gonna make some great videos with the footage for their USHL playoff run!, It's Opening Day in Cleveland! Best of luck to our friends at the Cleveland Indians!, Testing out the new graphics package that we built for the Cleveland Indians..., A look at the new biggest video board in baseball..., Warmups underway at the Covelli Centre in Youngstown, and Barry Cunningham is ready to go on Camera 1., The team producing some USHL hockey tonight in Youngstown..., Getting in the Easter spirit by creating some themed eggs to use in our Youngstown Phantoms hockey productions this weekend..., Our own Dan McCormick and his daughter Fiona are all ready for Easter, and even created their very own "PEGG"!, We had a great time at the MyAkron event tonight.  Always love being a part of events that help grow the city that we call home!, Congratulations to our friends at the Youngstown Phantoms on clinching their second consecutive United States Hockey League playoff berth!, You've seen the footage, now learn more about some of the cool benefits and features offered by one of our new cameras..., Really proud of this video that we produced for the Akron Zips, documenting the Akron Zips Men's Basketball team's MAC Championship.  We'd love for you to check it out…, A behind-the-scenes look at our video shoot at the 2013 Mid-American Conference Basketball Championship Games in Cleveland, Ohio., MAC Championship day! Getting ready for a full day of shooting as we go behind-the-scenes of the men's and women's championship games in Cleveland., Gotta love the Mid-American Conference Tournament!  Here's a look at a video that we shot and produced for Akron Zips Men's Basketball, as they get ready for their MAC Semifinal game tonight vs. Kent State., Busy day for our team today... Multiple shoots and events in Pittsburgh, Akron and Youngstown. Here's a look inside the Covelli Centre, where we're getting set up for the OAC Wrestling Championships., Now this is a serious video shoot setup.  On-location just outside of Pittsburgh..., This is about to happen..., Congrats to our friends at Akron Zips Men's Basketball on their second straight MAC regular season championship!, Just got our booth info for the 2013 NACDA & Affiliates Convention, taking place this June in Orlando. We'll see you at Booth 109!, Producing some USHL hockey tonight with the team..., It's time for our monthly look back at some of the exciting things that have been going on at PEG!, How cool is this?, Video of the day... This great shootout goal by the Youngstown Phantoms' Sam Anas helped the Phantoms get a big win on Sunday. Today, the video from our production made SportsCenter as the #8 play on the Top 10!, The Akron Zips Men's Basketball team is now ranked #24 in the latest Coaches Poll! Here's another look at some of the footage that we shot at Friday's win over NDSU..., Josh Jarvis running replay for our Sunday afternoon USHL hockey production..., Happy birthday to our very own Jeffrey Pritt!, Check out this video that we shot and produced for the Akron Zips... The Akron Zips Men's Basketball team captured their 18th win in a row!, Shooting tonight's Akron vs. North Dakota State game at Rhodes Arena. Some cool pictures and video to follow in the next few days..., Fun projects being worked on in the office today, including a new batch of TV commercials for comedian Ralphie May..., Want to see what the PEG Sports team has been up to lately? Here's a look at our latest reel..., Congratulations to our friends at the Akron Zips. The Akron Zips Men's Basketball team picked up their 17th straight win on Saturday night!, January was another busy and exciting month at PEG! Here's a look back at a few of our recent projects, as we kicked off 2013..., Shooting a video in Brecksville today with our friends at AKHIA..., Dan is directing away... TailGator coming up. Gotta love monster truck names!, Producing Toughest Monster Trucks this weekend! Those green cars don't stand a chance..., A picture from last night... Running graphics for the Harlem Globetrotters., Thanks to everyone who tried to guess what was in the white boxes in yesterday's post.  The correct answer was PEG travel coffee mugs!  Congrats to Joshua Ondo (who guessed "Cups") and Tracey Joan Smith (who guessed "Travel Coffee Cups") for being the first with the correct answer.  We'll be in touch and will ship you your mugs soon!, Hmmm...  A lot of white boxes arrived at PEG today.  Can you guess what's inside?  First to comment with the right answer will win one!  We'll reveal the answer and winner tomorrow., An interesting take on the future of stadium configurations and how content is delivered to fans..., One week from today, we'll all be getting ready for our Super Bowl parties and celebrations. Now that you've had a week to think about it, who do you like in the big game: 49ers or Ravens?, Happy birthday to Isaac Taylor Smith!  He's celebrating it tonight by running the LED boards at the Covelli Centre for our production of Youngstown Phantoms hockey..., Just registered to attend the NACMA convention this June in sunny Orlando... Excited for the opportunity to show our work to colleges from all across the country!, We made it! The four survivors, who worked all 24 hours of our productions of the See Them Rise High School Basketball Showcase over the past two days... Had a great time and got to watch a LOT of basketball!, Dan directing away... Producing our 10th basketball game in the past two days., Tori running replay for day two of the See Them Rise High School Basketball Showcase, taking place today at the Covelli Centre., Warmups are underway for another night of USHL hockey in Youngstown..., The PEG team in the control room, getting ready for tonight's USHL production..., Out on a video shoot this morning in New Philadelphia, Ohio..., An interesting look at how quickly content translates into viewers/listeners and site views..., null, It feels like baseball season today in Ohio!  Doing a site visit with our friends at the Lake Erie Crushers..., Ever wondered what basketball looks like slowed down? Here's a look at some of the slow motion footage that we shot at last night's Akron Zips vs. Western Michigan game..., Shooting some MAC basketball tonight, as Akron defeated Western Michigan at Rhodes Arena..., We had a blast producing our first college basketball game last month, as the inaugural Downtown Roundball Classic came to the Covelli Centre.  Here's a look at some of the highlights from the game and the show..., Time again to get to better know one of our PEG team members. Today, here's a chance to learn more about Isaac Smith..., December was another exciting month at PEG! Here's a look back at a few of the projects that we worked on, as we wrapped up 2012..., Since a high percentage of internet users love cat videos, here's a cool slow motion video of a cat yawning, shot on our new Sony FS700 camera., It's another Phantoms gamenight at the Covelli Centre. Dan and Mike are ready to go and covering warmups in the control room for tonight's USHL action..., New toy arrived at PEG today... It's a Sony FS700 with L-Series lenses. Can shoot slow motion video at up to 960 frames per second!, Happy New Year from all of us at PEG!  We hope everyone had a fun and safe night!, It's a hockey night in Youngstown! In the spirit of the holiday season, here's a look at a video that we produced, as the Phantoms players share their favorite Christmas gifts..., As the year wraps up, we've been thinking back to some of our favorite moments and events of 2012.  We had a blast producing Akron Zips Football at InfoCision Stadium.  Here's a look back, as we show you the story of a #ZipsGameday., From our family to yours, we wish you happy holidays!, It's like an early Christmas present...  Our newest workstation has arrived!  This new system is built for elaborate, processor-intensive 3D motion graphics and will help get our animations to clients even faster., Jeffrey and Josh getting a shot set up..., On a cool video shoot this morning with our friends at AKHIA and Fomo..., Time for another opportunity to get to know one of our PEG team members. Today, here's a chance to learn more about Josh Kuss..., null, Time for a new Facebook feature! Today, get to know one of our newest, talented team members, Coree Miracola., A behind-the-scenes look at our team getting ready for the 2012 Downtown Roundball Classic, the first NCAA Basketball game ever-player at the Covelli Centre., A look at the setup for the first college basketball game ever played at the Covelli Centre... A local youth team plays a game out on the court early in the afternoon, hours before the Youngstown State vs. Hiram game that night., A look at the view from the scorer's table.  Probably not a better seat in the house..., Group photo! The PEG on-court promotions team..., The PEG team (minus three people) after our production of the Downtown Roundball Classic..., Getting excited for our production of tomorrow's Downtown Roundball Classic, the first-ever NCAA basketball game at the Covelli Centre. Even have some boxes of shirts ready for the PEG T-Shirt Toss during the first half!, A look over Jeffrey Pritt's shoulder as he edits a TV spot for popular comedian Ralphie May..., November was an exciting month at PEG!  Here's a look at a few of the projects that we've been working on..., null, Had a great time working with the Skating Club of Greater Youngstown to produce "Holiday Classics on Ice" at the Covelli Centre.  Here's a look at just one of the many great performances..., A cool, panoramic shot of the control room tonight. The PEG team hard at work, producing some hockey..., A great fan outreach effort and viral video put together by the Nashville Predators..., Some pictures of the PEG team in action, producing the Youngstown Phantoms vs. Green Bay Gamblers game on November 11th, 2012 at the Covelli Centre., Afternoon hockey in the USHL! Dan and Mike are ready to go for our production of Youngstown vs. Green Bay..., Thanks to all of the brave men and women who have served and sacrificed for our country. We cannot express our gratitude enough., null, We had a blast at InfoCision Stadium in 2012! Here's a look at some of the highlights from our productions of Akron Zips Football..., Breaking out some new ideas! Letting fans tweet song requests to the marching band at today's Zips game..., That's a lot of video clips... Finishing up a cool sports video today., The Nets unveiled their new, outside-the-box mascot this weekend. What you think...hit or miss?, Announcing and producing the music for the OAC football championships today at Don Paul Stadium., Always neat to see a TV commercial that we produced on the air..., Some new PEG mouse pads and pens have arrived.  So long, old, boring, generic pens!, null, New LED graphics that we made are loaded in and ready to go for tonight's Akron Zips basketball exhibition opener!, Warmups underway for our USHL production tonight..., Hockey day in the USHL! Getting ready for our production of today's Phantoms-Black Hawks game..., We're up late, preparing for a big event next week.  Some cool details coming soon..., Proud to be supporting the city that we call home, by joining in welcoming a new owner and new era of Akron Aeros baseball..., Some shots of the PEG team in action, producing the Akron Zips vs. Northern Illinois Huskies game on October 20th, 2012 at InfoCision Stadium., The control room is ready for another day of Bowden Ball..., Some pictures from an exterior building lighting display that we created in conjunction with AKHIA at the Matco Tools corporate headquarters.  This display consisted of lighting elements and building graphics, promoting their "Tools for the Cause" campaign and is on display throughout the month of October., Capturing some shots of our outdoor lighting display at Matco Tools, lighting their headquarters pink for their Tools For The Cause campaign to support breast cancer awareness throughout the month of October. More pictures to come tomorrow!, Coree is checking out some graphics at Rhodes Arena, getting ready for Akron basketball season..., Goodnight, arena..., Perfect game...but not a perfect picture. Successfully produced an entire Phantoms game with added content on every single whistle., Another hockey night in Youngstown..., Back-to-back hockey productions for us this weekend. Phantoms take on the Fighting Saints at the Covelli Centre..., Alright fellow logo nerds...  Wendy's has updated their logo for the first time since 1983.  What do you think of their new look?, Some new PEG gear has arrived at the office!, Jeffrey and Coree editing away at some sports videos and graphics..., null, Some shots of the PEG team in action, producing the Akron Zips vs. Bowling Green State Falcons game on October 6th, 2012 at InfoCision Stadium., Warmups underway at InfoCision Stadium... Here's a behind-the-scenes look at the action the the control room..., Our view from the control room at InfoCision Stadium.  Getting ready for our production of Akron vs. Bowling Green!, Taking advantage of the awesome Northeast Ohio fall weather and moving the office outside to Lock 4 for the afternoon..., Our event production team is hard at work today!  Here's a look at some building graphics that we created in collaboration with the AKHIA team., This little logo will soon be very large on the side of Matco Tools headquarters..., Steve putting the finishing touches on a big outdoor logo projection/lighting project we are working on with AKHIA and Matco Tools..., Exciting day at PEG…  Proud to welcome a new and extremely talented Producer, Coree Miracola, to our growing team.  Happy first day, Coree!, It's officially hockey season again!  We completely redesigned and revamped the show for the Youngstown Phantoms this season.  Here's a look at one of the many new graphics..., Phantoms hockey is back! Producing our second game the day, this time at the Covelli Centre., Mike and Coree hard at work, running graphics at today's Akron vs. Morgan State football game..., One of our youngest fans and future PEG Graphic Designer Nathan Brent says hello!, null, Some shots of the PEG team in action, producing the Akron Zips vs. Central Florida Knights game on August 30th, 2012 at InfoCision Stadium., Happy Opening Night, college football fans! Who's going to check out a game tonight as the new season kicks off?, Pumped for college football season? Here's a sneak peak at this year's intro video that we produced for the Akron Zips!, Two days away from our Opening Night production of Zips Football!, Had a great time tonight producing the final roller derby event of the season for the Little Steel Derby Girls at the Covelli Centre!, Interesting infographic on how we share on Twitter..., Rain delays over... We are finally live for our production of the NYPL All-Star Game!, Geary James playing "Here Comes The Rain Again" by The Eurythmics. NYPL All-Star Game delayed by rain., A rainy All-Star day in Mahoning Valley..., All-Star night in the New York-Penn League..., Some shots of the PEG team in action, producing the New York-Penn League All-Star Game on August 14th, 2012 at Eastwood Field., Producing the New York-Penn League All-Star Game tonight at Eastwood Field. Excited to watch some of the best young stars in Minor League Baseball. Here's a sneak preview at one of our video board graphics for the game..., On-site at Eastwood Field, preparing for tomorrow's production of the New York-Penn League All-Star Game..., Doing some editing in Premiere this morning..., Excited for college football season? We are! Here's a look at a teaser video that we produced for the Akron Zips promoting the upcoming season of Bowden Ball., Getting ready for a video shoot at InfoCision Stadium with Zips Head Coach Terry Bowden., Our video shoot today is in New York. Currently capturing some awesome toolboxes getting painted..., Taking a little video road trip today for a shoot with our friends at AKHIA... New York here we come!, A behind the scenes look at our 2012 Intro Video Shoot for Akron Zips Football., Inside the locker room at InfoCision Stadium., Now inside the weight room at Akron for the intro video shoot..., Another look-in from today's Akron Zips Football intro video shoot at InfoCision Stafium..., Big intro video shoot today at the University of Akron..., Prepping for tomorrow's big Akron Zips Football intro video shoot. You know it'll be fun when fog machines are involved., The PEG team is on-location, doing a video shoot today at Eckard Baldwin Funeral Home in Akron..., Exactly one month until College Football's Opening Night and we can't wait! Here's a look back at some of the fun we had producing Akron Zips Football last season..., On-site at the University of Akron, doing some location scouting for our intro video shoot for Zips Football., Check out the sweet ride that's being featured in a video shoot we're on today..., Busy week at PEG so far... Video shoots, planning for upcoming live sports productions, creating TV spots and corporate presentations, brainstorming with clients, website design...and the week is only halfway over! Hope everyone's having a great Wednesday!, Football season is right around the corner... Meeting today with the Akron Zips football staff to develop this year's intro video. 43 days until opening night!, Exciting meeting today at Eastwood Field, doing some planning for next month's New York-Penn League All-Star Game..., Happy birthday, America. Hope everyone has a fun-filled and safe 4th of July!, Very cool video put out by Northwestern showing how much goes into the uniform design process..., Excited to officially launch the new website that we created for the Covelli Centre!  Check it out at www.covellicentre.com., Morning video shoot in New Concord, Ohio with our friends at AKHIA..., Producing our first Roller Derby event tonight!, Gotta love modern technology... Our new system that we created and installed at the Covelli Centre allows us to monitor a live feed of all of their video displays that we manage, anywhere our team is, on any of their mobile devices., A fun article with some thoughts on music at the ballpark..., Big congratulations to all of our University of Akron student team members who have worked Akron Zips football games with us, and graduated today. So proud of all of you!, Excited to produce a whole new sport for us...Roller Derby on May 19th! The Little Steel Derby Girls will play their 2012 season at Youngstown's Covelli Centre and we'll be doing the production!, Just installed a new closed-circuit video playback system at the Covelli Centre. Will run custom graphics and videos to all of their concourse and suite televisions., Had a great time this season producing Youngstown Phantoms hockey at the Covelli Centre. Check out this look back at some of our favorite moments..., Thanks for a great season, Youngstown..., Working on some sports videos and graphics, corporate videos, commercials and designing a new logo for a client and producing a live hockey game tonight. Just a normal day around the PEG office..., Couldn't be more excited to produce tonight's USHL Eastern Conference Semifinals game between Youngstown and Green Bay!  Here's a sneak peak of one of our videos for tonight's game..., Congratulations to the Canton Charge on a great inaugural season and playoff run.  So glad to have been a part of such a fun season..., Good luck to our friends at the Canton Charge (vs. Austin - 7:00) and Youngstown Phantoms (vs. Green Bay - 4:05) who have huge playoff games on the road tonight!, Our ESPN Sportscenter debut!, Our video of Austin Cangelosi's goal from Monday's Phantoms game just made ESPN.  #3 on Sportscenter's Top Ten!, Ever wonder what goes into a pro basketball game?  Here's a behind-the-scenes look at our production of last night's Canton Charge NBA D-League Semifinal game., Always cool to watch the dynamics of how a video goes viral...  Over 200,000 YouTube views in less than 24 hours, front page of Yahoo!, and now we've just learned that CBS has sent this video to all of their affiliate stations across America for use on their local TV news broadcasts tonight., We're still excited from last night's great Canton Charge playoff victory. Here's an article from Ohio.com and the Akron Beacon Journal that talks about the game-night atmosphere that we're proud to help produce., Just found out that a video we edited yesterday from Monday's Youngstown Phantoms game has made it to the front page of Yahoo! as a top story within 10 hours.  Really neat, and another great example of how quickly videos can go viral in today's world..., Pumped to produce some Canton Playoff Basketball tonight!, Check out this amazing goal from our production of Monday night's Youngstown Phantoms game., Cool to see some of our video coverage from Monday's Youngstown Phantoms game going viral nationally..., What do you get when you take a perfectly good quality video feed and make it worse?  The newest PEG creation...Instagram Cam!, We had a great time last night producing the Youngstown Phantoms first-ever USHL playoff game. Here's the spectacular goal by Youngstown's Austin Cangelosi that won the game in overtime., Phantoms win in overtime!, You know it's playoff hockey when the 3rd period highlights make their debut.  Heading to overtime in Youngstown!, Playoff hockey returns to Youngstown tonight!  Here's a sneak peek at the playoff logo that we created for the Youngstown Phantoms., Playoff basketball starts tonight in Canton!, Producing some Canton Charge playoff basketball and Youngstown Phantoms fan appreciation weekend hockey tonight. Gonna be a fun evening!, Doing two games in two cities tonight. USHL hockey in Youngstown and NBA D-League basketball in Canton..., Congratulations to the Canton Charge on clinching their first-ever NBA D-League playoff birth tonight!  So proud to be a part of the family...  Bring on the playoffs!, Our audio extraordinaire Geary James playing some tunes for tonight's Youngstown Phantoms Throwback Night game.  Old school hockey in the USHL..., Electric atmosphere in Youngstown tonight, for Phantoms Throwback Night vs. Chicago!  Playing a game at their old home rink, The Ice Zone..., Getting ready for the second half in Canton...  Charge down by two to Fort Wayne.  Canton could wrap up a playoff spot with a win tonight and a Texas loss..., It's Opening Night for Major League Baseball and Opening Day in many cities tomorrow!  Who's your favorite team and what do you predict their record will be his season?, Getting set up for the Youngstown Phantoms "Throwback Night" game vs. Chicago at The Ice Zone on Friday night.  Such a unique experience to do a game in a smaller venue like this..., Hoping to keep our winning streak going with this weekend's productions of Youngstown Phantoms hockey. After last night's win by the Canton Charge, our teams that we work with are now 9-0 at home over the past month!, Producing some NBA D-League hoops tonight... First-place Canton vs. Fort Wayne., Having a great time in Pittsburgh today with one of our newest...and most delicious clients!, Hockey night in Youngstown... Our Josh Jarvis is following the pregame action and getting ready to run replay for tonight's game., Our stretch of four productions in three days is complete, with our teams going a perfect 4-0!  Great games by the Charge and Phantoms!, A behind-the-scenes shot of the control room at the Covelli Centre and our production of USHL hockey tonight..., First game of the day is in the books! Charge get a big win over Iowa. Next up: Phantoms hockey vs. Team USA, less than four hours away in Youngstown..., null, The Cavalier Girls getting the fans ready for tipoff in Canton..., Busy sports day for us today... Productions of Canton Charge basketball at 1:00 and Youngstown Phantoms hockey at 7:15., Congratulations to our friends at The University of Akron on their first-ever MAC Regular Season Championship in Men's Basketball!, It's Justin Bieber's 18th birthday. Guess that calls for a Bieber-themed dance contest at the Charge game tonight!, Our thoughts are with the victims, families and the entire community of Chardon today..., Lights, Camera, Action!  Getting set up to shoot some interviews The National Business Conference & Tool Expo at Caesars Palace..., Viva Las Vegas!  Our team is on the ground for a video shoot tomorrow at The National Business Conference and Tool Expo..., Producer, Mike Brent and Audio Coordinator, Geary James having some fun before tonight's NBA D-League game in Canton..., Just got to take a tour of the revamped offices at AKHIA.  Really exciting to see one of our great partners continue to grow!, Hockey night in Youngstown!, Producing pro basketball in Canton tonight...  Charge vs. Mad Ants in the NBA D-League., Excited to have Stephanie Novak as a part of our team tonight, working her first Canton Charge game with us., Excited to have two new team members, Charles Phillips and Stephanie Novak working their first events with us this weekend!, Busy night for PEG.  We've got simultaneous basketball and monster truck productions, both about to get underway., Producing some weekday afternoon USHL hockey in Youngstown! Here's PEG's Dan McCormick directing the show..., More basketball for our team...  This time in Youngstown, at the See Them Rise Classic at the Covelli Centre, featuring some of the top high school basketball teams in Eastern Ohio and Western Pennsylvania., Check out this intro video that we produced for Akron Zips football home games during the 2011 season.  PEG is proud to be the official video production company of Zips Football at InfoCision Stadium., Great weekend of producing sporting events so far.  One basketball and two hockey games in the past two nights, and more basketball tomorrow., A close call at last night's Canton Charge game, as Audio Coordinator Geary James nearly gets taken out by the Charge's TJ Campbell, who was going after a loose ball.  Fortunately, everyone was okay and the Charge picked up a 21 point win!, A Canton Charge player just came crashing over the scorers table & nearly took out our music guy, Geary James and his computer. Fortunately, all are ok...  Fun night so far in Canton!, Busy night for us...  Doing two games in two different cities. NBA D-League Basketball in Canton, and USHL Hockey in Youngstown., Partying like it's 2012 already at the Canton Charge game. Just broke out this Jay Sean song on the last timeout..., Warmups underway at The Civic Center.  Producing NBA D-League basketball tonight, as Canton takes on Erie., Getting ready for NBA D-League basketball in Canton.  Former NBAers Manny Harris, Keith McCloud and the Charge taking on Ricky Davis and the Red Claws tonight., Producing our second NBA D-League game tonight...  Canton vs. Maine., Good luck to our friends at the Cleveland Cavaliers tonight.  It's NBA Opening Night in Cleveland!, Merry Christmas!  We hope you have a great day with those who mean the most to you., Getting ready for our first production of Canton Charge basketball, tonight at the Civic Center., Excited for our first game of Canton Charge basketball tonight!, What do you think of the new 3D design the on the Toronto Raptors court?  Think this type of design will catch on in the U.S.?, The 2011 PEG Christmas cards are ready to send out.  We'll show you the design soon, but for now it remains a mystery..., Enjoy a behind the scenes look of our crew getting ready for the production of the Youngstown Phantoms vs. Chicago Steel game at the Covelli Centre, on December 10th, 2011., New addition to our production of the Phantoms game tonight... Our very own live organist!, Our PEG team is hard at work, getting ready for tonight's production of the Youngstown Phantoms vs. Sioux City Musketeers USHL game, at the Covelli Centre., Happy Thanksgiving!  From our PEG family to yours, we hope you have a safe and happy holiday with those who are important to you!, Getting game scripts ready for some upcoming productions..., We had a blast at InfoCision Stadium in 2011!  Here's a look at some of the highlights from our productions of Akron Zips Football..., Some shots of the PEG team in action, producing the Akron Zips vs. Kent State Golden Flashes game on November 12th, 2011 at InfoCision Stadium., Team Akron.  Here's a group picture of our awesome gameday production crew for the 2011 season of Zips football at InfoCision Stadium., The producer's perch at the Covelli Centre in Youngstown..., Big day for us at PEG...  Producing two games, in separate cities today.  MAC Football: Kent State at Akron, and USHL Hockey: Dubuque at Youngstown., Good crowd at the Covelli Centre tonight for our USHL production of the Youngstown Phantoms vs. Indiana Ice..., Geary James is getting some new music edited and ready to go for tonight's Youngstown Phantoms game at the Covelli Centre., Hope everyone's having a great Halloween Monday!, Another fun and exciting day of producing Akron Zips football today at InfoCision Stadium! Hard to believe that there's only one home game left in the 2011 season..., Good luck to PEG's Ryan Pritt, Dan McCormick and Josh Sabo, who are all running the Columbus Marathon this morning for great, local causes!, First weekend of Phantoms hockey is officially in the books.  The 2011-12 season is off to a great start!, We're obviously a running family at PEG...  Three of our PEG team members are running the Columbus Marathon one week from today, including Dan McCormick, who's running for Hospice House.  Follow this link for more info on Dan's cause., Having produced hundreds of sporting events together as a team, it seems say it's fair to say that we have our own Athletic Department, right?, Some shots of the PEG team in action, producing the Akron Zips vs. Florida International Panthers game on October 8th, 2011 at InfoCision Stadium., The view from the control room at InfoCision Stadium as we produce the Akron vs. Florida International game..., PEG's Jeffrey Pritt shooting a Youngstown Phantoms practice this afternoon..., Out in Youngstown, shooting a Rock'Em Sock'Em Robots Challenge for timeouts at Phantoms games this season., PEG's Ryan Pritt, Josh Sabo and Coree Miracola are running the Columbus Marathon in 11 days, and doing it to donate teddy bears to sick children in local hospitals.  Check out www.MarathonBears.com to learn more, donate, and follow their progress!, The big news around the office today?  The new PEG polo shirts have arrived!, Happy birthday to Mike Brent!  He's an invaluable part of our team, one of the smartest people you'll ever meet, and an all-around great guy..., Some shots of the PEG team in action, producing the Akron Zips home opener vs. the Temple Owls on September 10th, 2011 at InfoCision Stadium., Testing everything out at InfoCision Stadium and getting ready for the Akron Zips home opener on Saturday night!, Football season is officially here!  Running through some video board elements at the Akron Zips open scrimmage..., We're officially less than a month away from college football season!  Here's a look at the new TV spot that we produced for the University of Akron..., We're proud to announce that Pritt Entertainment Group is now a member of the Greater Akron Chamber!  Excited to be part of a such a great organization..., Getting in the mood for some football!  In Akron, shooting some footage for a Zips Football TV spot..., Happy 4th of July!  Hope everyone has a safe and happy holiday!, PEG is proud to be supporting Melissa Merrill in the 2011 Fuller Center Bike Adventure.  She will be biking 600 miles from Salt Lake City to Denver to raise money that will build and renovate homes for people in need.  Check out this site if you'd like to learn more, or make a donation!, A nice new TV spot by the Portland Timbers and Alaska Air.  Does a good job of using humor to highlight a smart corporate partner promotion., Proud to be new members of the Greater Akron Chamber.  Always exciting to be a part of an organization that helps build a strong and innovative community., Happy Father's Day to all dads out there!  Hope you have a great day., Out on a shoot for a video, showcasing some exciting new products in the automotive tool industry., Took a field trip from the office this afternoon to attend the ribbon cutting ceremony for the new Schumacher Cascade Mills Site, just outside of downtown Akron.  Quite impressive what the Cascade Locks Park Association and Metro Parks have done here.  Always great to be able to get out and support the community..., The Mountain West Conference has a revamped logo. What do you think of their new look?, One of the best internet marketing campaigns we've seen in a long time..., We love a good commercial that can make the viewer feel emotion, so we can't help but love this new commercial by the folks at Google., It shouldn't only be said on the night of a historic event, but tonight is just another reminder to say thank you to all of the men and women serving our country, both past and present.  We cannot express our gratitude and appreciation enough., An amazing video, showing the real-time reaction on Twitter to Vancouver's NHL Playoff loss to Chicago last night..., After much debating over which bad pun to use here, we decided to keep it pretty simple...  Hope you have a EGGS-tra special Easter!, It may be spring, but it sure feels like football weather in Northeast Ohio today.  Puts us in the mood to go back and archive some highlights from this past college football season..., Thinking we might be on to the "next big thing" here...  Started allowing Phantoms fans to tweet in song selections during last night's game.  Not only did it get a great response, but even got a bit of coverage in the newspaper today., Don't miss PEG's Ryan Pritt being interviewed on the world sports entertainment, live at 1:35 this afternoon with Matt Gajtka..., Want a peek at some of our latest projects in the world of sports?  Check out this short video for some of the highlights!, We've hit 300 Facebook fans!  Thanks for the "like" and for staying connected with us!, It's the final day of the Ohio state wrestling championships, and we're back on-site running audio.  Opening it up today with "Take Back The City" by Snow Patrol., Good luck to our friends at the Akron Zips, taking on Notre Dame in the NCAA Tournament today.  Some members of the PEG crew are even headed to the United Center for the game. Go Zips!, Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Hope you're having a fun and safe day, whether you're celebrating, working...or "sick" and watching basketball., Check out this great series of new TV spots by the Seattle Mariners.  Very creative and effective at connecting their players and staff with their fan base..., Happy Sunday morning, Facebook friends!  We're up bright and early, running audio for the Ohio state wrestling championships.  First song of the day is 1983 by Neon Trees., Congratulations to our friends at the Akron Zips!  2011 MAC Basketball Champions.  We wish them the best of luck in the NCAA Tournament., Biggest college basketball game of the year in Northeast Ohio.  Akron vs. Kent State for the MAC Championship.  Who do you like tonight at The Q?, Getting all set up and ready to run the music for the Ohio Junior High Wrestling State Championships., The NHL has had some great playoff commercials in recent years.  What do you think of this year's new spots?, Wanna see some hard-hitting hockey?  Check out this hit that literally exploded the glass at the Lake Erie Monsters game on Friday night.  Our own Ryan Pritt was literally right in the middle of it all, wearing the pink shirt in the scorer's box on Pink The Rink Night at The Q., Unpacking a really cool new toy (aka video camera) at the office today.  It's much like Christmas morning...but for tech junkies., Producing some USHL hockey this morning in Youngstown.  Phantoms vs. Indiana., Packers or Steelers...who do you have today?, Doing some work at a snowy InfoCision Stadium in Akron.  Very surreal-looking with all of the snow..., Nothing brings a staff together quite like a good game of basketball. After our production of the Lariccia Family High School Basketball Series on January 17th, 2011, we took to the court ourselves at the Covelli Centre in Youngstown, Ohio. Here are a few of the images that just missed the cut to be in Sports Illustrated., Just about ready for the third game of our production of a high school basketball triple-header tonight in Youngstown., The basketball court is down at the Covelli Centre.  We're getting ready for our production of high school hoops, and then our big employee basketball game afterwards.  It's guaranteed to be intense..., A common problem in arenas across the country.  Leave it to Oregon to take the distraction to a new level, though..., Ever wondered what your voice "looks" like?  Here's a peek from a voice-over we're recording..., Getting ready for our company party tonight at Crave in Akron.  Excited to celebrate the start of a new year with our amazing staff., Just finished up a great production...and a great game.  Phantoms top Sioux City 4-3 with a late goal. Back in action tomorrow night., PEG's Geary James is editing some music for our production of the Youngstown Phantoms game tonight at the Covelli Centre.  Unfortunately for Geary, it's not a song by his favorite artist, John Mayer., The newest line of PEG gear has arrived!  Gotta dress for success..., Check out this awesome video put out by Google, looking back on 2010 and showing how their brand was right at the center of it., Interesting article and response from the designers about the controversial new B1G...or should we say Big Ten logo., Merry Christmas, everyone!, Getting ready to film a flash mob.  Choreographed randomness at it's finest..., The Texas Rangers: Proudly specializing in marketing survey overkill., Not a fan of driving in Northeast Ohio's weather?  Oddly enough, PEG's Ryan Pritt is, and shares his reasons why in his latest blog entry on the PEG website., Congratulations to our friends at the University of Akron on their first-ever National Championship!, College football's regular season is coming to a close, and we had a blast at InfoCision Stadium this season.  Check out this video for a look at some of the highlights from our productions of Akron Zips Football., Good article from WFNY on the Cavs amazing video board production and how it all comes to fruition.  Features some great insight from Jonny Greco, who in addition to directing some live events for PEG, spends most of his time as the Director of Video Production for the Cavaliers.  One of the best in the business..., Gates are ready to open at InfoCision Stadium, and we're ready to go for our production of today's season finale between Akron and Buffalo., Ready for hockey in Youngstown, and our production of the Phantoms vs. Saints at the Covelli Centre., PEG's Mike Brent is getting ready to run the CG for our production of the Akron-Miami game tonight at InfoCision Stadium., Congratulations to our friends at the Akron Zips for earning a top seed in the NCAA Men's Soccer Tournament!, High school football playoffs start this weekend.  Gotta wish good luck to the Field Falcons, who host their first ever home playoff game against Cardinal Mooney on Saturday night.  An impressive total of six of our PEG team members are FHS graduates., Out on a shoot, using new software that makes an iPad into a teleprompter.  Gotta love technology., Testing out our new intro video on the scoreboard as we get ready for our production of Akron vs. Western Michigan at InfoCision Stadium., Akron Basketball tips off in 23 days!  Check out this new TV spot that we produced for the Zips., Just wrapped up another fun weekend of Phantoms hockey by getting dinner together as a staff.  We're so lucky to work with such amazingly creative and talented people., Celebrating our 2nd anniversary with cake for our staff tonight before the Phantoms game tonight.  Chocolate cake with vanilla frosting is the favorite amongst the crew., Putting the final touches on the video board show for another Opening Night of hockey in Youngstown.  Phantoms vs. Green Bay tonight at the Covelli Centre., Celebrating our two-year anniversary today.  Time really does fly...  Thanks to everyone for making it all possible!, Getting ready to head to Youngstown with the crew for a run-through for the Youngstown Phantoms home opener on Saturday night.  Excited for another season of hockey to have finally arrived!, It's starting to feel like football season...  Check out this intro video that we produced for Akron Zips football home games during the 2010 season.  PEG is proud to be the official video production company of Zips Football at InfoCision Stadium., It's going to be an awesome weekend in our city.  Hope you enjoy it!  #1 Akron Men's Soccer vs. #2 Tulsa at sold-out Lee Jackson Field on national television, the Akron Film Festival, football at InfoCision Stadium, live music throughout the city, and one of the biggest and best marathons in the country...all going on downtown.  We're proud to call Akron home., PEG's Jeffrey Pritt, captured in a rare "cameraman shooting a cameraman" shot on the campus of the University of Akron., When good mascots go bad..., Check out this awesome first-person video of a skydiver landing at a Virginia football game.  Great example of how sports teams could use parts of their game entertainment experience to gain exposure online., Say what you want about the guy as an owner, but Mark Cuban gets it when it comes to game entertainment., Sometimes you just have to get creative to get the shot you need...  That's the case with this fake "room" that our team built for a video project that we are working on., The Akron Beacon Journal and Ohio.com got a good shot of our video board production during yesterday's Akron-Syracuse game. (Photo #7 in the gallery), Doing some final late night production work at InfoCision Stadium and getting ready for the Akron Zips home opener tonight vs. Syracuse.  Come on out and check out our video board production., Heading to InfoCision Stadium to check out the new intro video that we created for the Akron Zips' home opener.  Can't wait to see it up on the stadium's massive scoreboard., PEG's Dan McCormick is getting ready to TD the Akron Zips' inter-squad scrimmage this morning at InfoCision Stadium., PEG's Jeffrey Pritt working on graphics in the control room of InfoCision Stadium at the University of Akron., Yes!  It appears that the "Top of the Dog" stand at Progressive Field has finally given our company naming rights to the Veggie Delight dog!  Coincidence?  We think not..., Fascinating article on the creation of the Madden NFL video game franchise and how it got to where it is today..., Want to see a sports team that does a great job at social media?  Check out the Akron Aeros.  One of the best team Twitter feeds out there: https://twitter.com/AkronAeros, Check out this new TV spot that we produced for the Akron Zips to promote football season tickets for the 2010 season., Ever wondered what goes on behind the scenes in the control room during a game?  Check out this great, little tour given by our friends from the Cleveland Cavaliers and Lake Erie Monsters., Gotta love crazy minor league baseball promotions.  This one from our friends at the Mahoning Valley Scrappers..., Gates are opening at Eastwood Field.  Members of our crew are on-hand assisting with the game entertainment tonight as the Mahoning Valley Scrappers take on the Hudson Valley Renegades in New York-Penn League action., One word: Staying or Leaving?, Happy Birthday, America!  Thanks to all those who have served our country to help keep it "the land of the free"., Just an awesome scene in Cleveland today.  The Cavs have hung banners at nearly every intersection on the route to LeBron's "secret" meetings in downtown Cleveland and a huge one on the building right across from where the meetings will be held.  People on every street corner holding up signs.  Marketing at it's finest right here., On-site in Youngstown, Ohio reviewing the game production for the Mahoning Valley Scrappers of the the New York-Penn League., The Cleveland Cavaliers unveiled a subtle rebranding of their team logos with new "old" colors today.  What do you think of the change?  Thumbs up or thumbs down?, The Florida Marlins are officially bringing the most annoying sports trend to America.  Amazing that they actually had this giveaway planned since winter, before the World Cup controversy ensued., Check out the 2009-10 Year In Review video that PEG made for the Central Hockey League., Bad sign for soccer in America: One of Yahoo's most searched questions is currently "How long are soccer games?", Some very cool technology in this room..., A glance at a new dimension of the future of outdoor advertising?  Check out video of this new 3D Building Projection produced by Publicis Asia., Nationals pitcher Stephen Strasburg brilliant in his debut in front of a sold-out crowd in DC.  Already a huge marketing hit for the Nats...and soon for opposing teams who will face him at home.  Is it safe to say he's the most important player so far in baseball's post-steroids era?, We're finally all back to Ohio and settled in after a great week in Arizona, working with our friends at the CHL and Global Entertainment.   All of our pictures from the week are now posted, so be sure to check them out., And that's a wrap on a great week in Phoenix. Ohio, here we come., Pictures from the 2010 Central Hockey League and Global Entertainment Summer Conference, held at the Sheraton Wild Horse Pass Resort in Phoenix, Arizona.  PEG was on-site, doing live production for the Awards Banquet, producing graphics and video content for the conference, and hosting a Game Operations Seminar for the league's teams., Putting the finishing touches on the presentation for our Game Operations Seminar.  Excited to meet all of the CHL's game ops teams tomorrow., Pictures from the 2010 Central Hockey League and Global Entertainment Summer Conference, held at the Sheraton Wild Horse Pass Resort in Phoenix, Arizona.  PEG was on-site, doing live production for the Awards Banquet, producing graphics and video content for the conference, and hosting a Game Operations Seminar for the league's teams., Pictures from the 2010 Central Hockey League and Global Entertainment Summer Conference, held at the Sheraton Wild Horse Pass Resort in Phoenix, Arizona.  PEG was on-site, doing live production for the Awards Banquet, producing graphics and video content for the conference, and hosting a Game Operations Seminar for the league's teams., Armando Galarraga's next home start will come next weekend vs. Pittsburgh.  If the Tigers aren't already planning a "Perfect Game" Celebration for that day, they should be starting right now.  Huge ticket-selling opportunity., En route to Phoenix, Arizona for the 2010 Central Hockey League/Global Entertainment Summer Conference.  Updates and pictures to come!, Remembering all of those who gave their lives for our country...  Thanks to all of our brave military members, past and present., Less than one week until PEG heads to Arizona. We're all very excited...

"The Central Hockey League and Global Entertainment are pleased to partner with the Pritt Entertainment Group for a historic summer conference. They are tops in the industry at what they do and we are confident they will help 2010 - A Global Odyssey reach heights never achieved before" - Bob Hoffman, CHL Director of Operations, Only 9am, but the PEG crew is already hungry and looking forward to tonight's Relay For Life fundraiser being thrown by our good friends at AKHIA at Gusto d' Italia in Hudson., Best viral political campaign ad ever made?  Hasn't even been out for two days and already has a half million hits on YouTube., Looking for a good laugh to end the workday?  Then check out these videos..., From our entire PEG family, we wish all the moms out there a very happy Mother's Day!, The story of a very cool marketing campaign by 2K Sports, and of the guy who won $1 million from it..., Interesting article on whether Twitter can ever come close to the popularity of Facebook.  The latest trends don't look good, as many Americans struggle to find its value.  Do you see value in having your own Twitter account?, Best of luck to our friends at the Cleveland Cavaliers, who begin their Eastern Conference Semifinal series vs. Boston tonight.  All Together!, PEG's Jeffrey Pritt gets a great shot of a headlight installation., Those who haven't seen it around the office are finally being wowed by this OK Go music video.  If you haven't seen it yet, check it out.  Just an amazing and complex video., Looking for a distraction from work for a few minutes?  Then check out this new viral video that we made for the Covelli Centre to celebrate their one millionth fan., Excited to announce we'll be partnering with the Central Hockey League to produce their annual Summer Conference Awards Banquet and lead a Game Operations Workshop for representatives from the league's teams.  The event will take place from June 3rd-5th in Phoenix, AZ., Congrats to our friends at the Covelli Centre.  They'll welcome their millionth fan to the arena tonight and we'll be there, putting together a cool behind-the-scenes feature on the event., Today's debate around the office: Whether to use one or two spaces after a sentence.  Surprising/sad amount of passion from each side., We definitely appreciate good design, and this billboard campaign by the Minnesota Twins is just that.  Check out this link for a look at some of the awesome, eye-catching billboards they've been using to promote their new ballpark and move out of the Metrodome., The bulls are out and ready to go.  It's a...Professional Bull Riding Night in Youngstown.  Waiting for the gates to open for our production of PBR at the Covelli Centre., Out on a video shoot this afternoon with our good friends at Akhia., Just ordered our new jib.  The office is certainly excited about this today..., Nike's newest TV spot that debuted last night about Tiger Woods has everyone talking, so it's already a success in that regard.  Do you like their approach, though?, It's Opening Day in Major League Baseball!  Who's your team and how many wins do you think they'll have this season?, Looking forward to our company's first productions of Professional Bull Riding, coming up this Friday and Saturday nights at the Covelli Centre., From our entire PEG family to yours, we hope you all have a Happy Easter!, Getting ready for the last Phantoms game of the season.  It's the Phantastic Phanale!  Here's our logo that we made for the night..., Only in a sports control room...  The Phantoms mascot, Sparky, giving some pointers to our own Dan McCormick., T-minus 5 hours until our production of the Phantoms vs. Cedar Rapids game tonight in Youngstown.  Last hockey weekend of the season..., Quick plug for the Downtown Akron Partnership.  They do an awesome job and are great at keeping you up-to-date with everything going on in our city, especially on beautiful days like today., A quick, but interesting look at a few numbers from the game entertainment side of last month's NBA All-Star Game in Dallas.  They had over 100 production team members on headset, spread out over 16 channels!, This could definitely alter the mobile landscape yet again...  Anyone with Verizon been holding out for one?, Getting ready for Phantoms Hockey vs. Team USA tonight at the Covelli Centre.  Got some cool stuff planned, including the triumphant return of everyone's favorite video board feature, Know Your Opponent, which has gotten an amazing redesign by Jeffrey Pritt., What do you think?  Is 3D television the next big thing or just another trend that will quickly come to pass?, Busy weekend for PEG at the Covelli Centre.  Phantoms hockey tonight, Globetrotters tomorrow, and more Phantoms hockey on Sunday., Getting warmed up..., The court is down.  Getting excited for a little P.E.G. company basketball game tonight at the Covelli Centre., Cool article from Crain's about the rebirth of Akron, the city our company is proud to call home., We've hit a milestone.  150 Facebook friends!  Thanks everybody., Doing some late-night edits on a really cool video we are working on for Fomo., Awesome production by our crew tonight at the Youngstown Phantoms hockey game.  Phantoms are back at it again tomorrow, taking on Des Moines at 7:15 PM at the Covelli Centre., Good article and example of how the world of marketing is changing from traditional advertising., Having a business team meeting over Chili Cheese Dogs from Skyline Chili.  Highly recommended., A new batch of P.E.G. gear has arrived!  A personal favorite item...the hooded sweatshirt., We're working on a really cool time-lapse video project for the Covelli Centre in Youngstown.  Sneak preview of it to come tonight., We have five Field High School graduates on our P.E.G. staff so I think it's only fair for us to wish the Falcons good luck tonight.  They take on Ravenna, playing for their first-ever PTC Metro Division title., Phantoms vs. Tri-City tonight at the Covelli Centre.  We've got a great production planned.  If you're in the Youngstown area, come on down.  Great seats are still available and it's Dollar Beer Night., The P.E.G. Birthday Cake is here!  Celebrating our company's first year of business., The Pritt Entertainment Group turns one year old today.  Thanks to everyone for a great first year!  Looking forward to many more..., Here's a look at a TV spot that we made for the Covelli Centre in Youngstown.)