List(Come On In! 
It's and Irish Scene!
Where we all get lucky, 
And the beer is green!, SUPER TUESDAY BURGER SPECIALS

Stuffed BLUE cheese & applewood smoked bacon burger

Stuffed feta cheese & roasted RED pepper burger, Valentine's Day Special: 
Lobster or Filet Mignon Eggs Benedict 
bearnaise sauce + home fries + mimosa, Join us for HALF price small plates and pizzas for SUPERBOWL!!!! 🎉🍕🍻🍺🏈🎉, BURGER AND BEER SPECIAL!

STEAKHOUSE BURGER
Cabot sharp cheddar, caramelized onions, bacon aioli, steak sauce, & house cut fries.
served with a 16oz Smuttynose Old Brown Dog Ale., When a customer asks if you "played the fireball" instead of powerball you know you're doing something right! Come into the 21st Amendment where everyone's a winner!, Come ring in the New Year with us at the 21st Amendment!! 

Only $10 cover at the door with a complimentary champagne toast at midnight!, Come in to try our delicious signature holiday cocktails! Kahlua eggnog, The Mad Elf, Peppermint Patty and our Holiday Sangria! 🎄🎄🎄, New Years is just around the corner! Book your private event at the 21st Amendment while you still can! 

Call us at 617-227-7100 for details!, Celebrating the anniversary of prohibitions end!!!!, WE DRINK BECAUSE WE CAN!!

Come to the 21st this Saturday to celebrate 82 years of freedom!

Featuring our Prohibition cocktails the Ward 8 and Speakeasy along with The 21st Amendment Brewery's Brew Free or Die IPA!, Looking for the perfect Holiday gift? Come get a 21st Amendment gift certificate!, The holidays are here
So don't think twice
Head to the 21st amendment
Whether you are naughty or nice!, Bring in your military ID and receive half off appetizers and pizza all day! Thank you for your service!, Sundays make perfect tavern your days. @yeoldetaverntours see you later!, #bostoncostumecrawl #littleredridinghood, #bostoncostumecrawl #superheroes, Half priced wings for @patriots game! #patriotsnation #newenglandpatriots #gopats #thursdaynightfootball #wings #halfprice, Come in for Sunday football and try one of our featured beers! Go Pats! 🏉, *Our thoughts and prayers are with Bailey Damon and the entire Damon family as Ben (Baileys brother) begins to recover from a near life threatening car accident. 

*One of the best things about the 21st is the sense of community - a community of staff and customers - a community that becomes a family over time - a community that supports and strengthens in difficult times. #backbigben  #team21
*To make a donation: https://www.gofundme.com/backingbigben

http://www.wgme.com/news/features/top-stories/stories/community-rallies-around-fryeburg-man-paralyzed-moose-crash-29629.shtml, Arrived straight from Germany! Tis the Season 🍻, Back to back undefeated softball champs!, Congrats to our undefeated softball team!, #neverforget, We are now seeking friendly, experienced waitstaff to join the 21st Amendment team! Come in and apply today :), null, Todays Specials:
-New England Clam Chowder
-Cheddar Cheese Burger, bacon aioli, over easy egg 
-Assiago Bacon Egg and Cheese Sandwich, Come get your Tropical Martini! 🌴☀️🍍, Come beat the heat with our Cucumber Summertini! Made with Deep Eddy's Lemon Vodka, Organic Cucumber Rain Vodka and a splash of Meyers Lemonade, we'll be sure to quench your thirst., The 21st Amendment staff honor all Veterans this Memorial Day weekend  - Thank you for your service to our country!, Happy Mothers Day to all you amazing Mothers!, Be sure to keep the fiesta going tomorrow with one of our Pomegranate Margaritas! Don't miss out on our Cinco de Mayo specials; Bucket of Cornitas and Shrimp or Short Rib Tacos., Come watch the Kentucky Derby with us tomorrow! We'll be serving Mint Juleps all day!, null, Congratulations to all you Marathon runners!! Be sure to stop in for a celebratory beer and some food!, null, null, Come get your March Madness on with us! From 7-10 PM we'll be offering 16 oz Cisco Shredder draft on special, and 50 cent buffalo, BBQ or teriyaki wings!, Come in and help us "Kick the Keg" and let's put winter to bed! Try our Winter Shredder special, Lá fhéile Pádraig sona dhuit!! ... Happy St. Patrick's Day!!, 🍀🍀Today's Specials: 🍀🍀
Corned Beef Sliders & Green Beer 🍻🍻, 21st amendment makes the top 15! http://www.movoto.com/blog/opinions/boston-bars/, #IrishNetworking annual St Patrick's Day Party at the State House tomorrow night. Pop in to The 21st Amendment for a wee cocktail before you head to the golden dome!, Congrats to Nichols House Museum on making the list!, null, #StumpTrivia every Sunday Night at #21stAmendment, null, Sunday Night #StumpTrivia at the 21st...., #BosBINGO at the #21stAmendment  We like the "Have a Drink with a Friend" block, Happy Presidents' Day! Come grab a drink and dinner at one of John F. Kennedy's favorite spots!, Cozy up with us all day (and night) with craft beer, (the best) buffalo chicken nachos and home made chili :), Looking for a casual spot tonight with delicious food and drinks? ❤️❤️❤️❤️ #valentinesday #tavern #goodfood #gooddrinks #boston #beaconhill, At the 21st we like to drink our dessert. 💕

Valentine's day special: Godiva Valentini ❤️❤️❤️, null, null, MBTA is closed tomorrow and we are open all night!!! Come in for dinner and drinks!! ❄️❄️❄️, null, null, Yes we are open.. Come celebrate with us!!, null, We will be open Wednesday at 9am to start celebrating the patriots win last night!!!, Go Pats!!!! 🏈🏈, Not scared of the snow, off to see "Team Two-One" we go!!, Yes. We're open. :), severe weather alert: heavy snow, delicious drinks, comfort food and chance of blackout. As always, the 21st is open through the storm ❄️⛄️❄️, Join us Sunday at the 21st for football, friends, food and fun!, Enjoy. :), null, Welcome to Beacon Hill, Governor Baker!, null, Welcome to town Charlie Baker!, Friends, Food and Football at 21st today - Go Patriots!, Happy Friday!!  Finish your work and come in to beat the cold with one of our new specialty cocktails…Winter Sangria and Irish Coffee!, null, R.I.P Stuart Scott, Espresso Martini. Enjoy., Sunday Funday with Bloody Marys!, Happening now...Irish Coffee...Espresso Martini... And Friends!, It's Friday night.... Think... 21st Amendment for drinks and dinner!, Happy Friday!!, The First of 2015, Happy New Year 2015!!, Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!, Looking for an amazing gift idea for that special someone? Come by 21st Amendment and pick up your gift certificate!, null, Friends catching up over before our Downeast Cider and a Blue Moon before Sunday Night Trivia., Great folks join us for a great Prohibition Era 12-Mile Limit Cocktail., Dec 5, 1933 - ratification of the 21st Amendment! So.... HAPPY FRIDAY! 

In its honor, we present you with the First Annual Winter Prohibition Cocktail Series! One unique Prohibition inspired cocktail every week for 12 weeks!
 
Week 1: 12-Mile limit, Tomorrow we launch our First Annual "Winter Prohibition Cocktail Series"!! We are so excited for all the new cocktails. One new prohibition era inspired cocktail each week for 12 weeks starting Dec 5th! Read about it in the Beacon Hill Times!!, Did someone say need to book a holiday party??      
   21stamendmentevents@gmail.com, Tough Saturday night? Come try our Hangover Burger!, Today's Special: 11/21
-  New England Clam        
   Chowder
- Harpoon IPA Fish & Chip 
   Platter
- NY Steakhouse Pizza
- Grilled Double Cut Pork   
  Chop, It's the perfect Friday night spot... We're here.. Come Join us., Today's Lunch Special:      Wed. Nov. 12  
                                                -   House Made Meatloaf w/Mushroom Gravy, Chive Mashed Potato, and Grilled Asparagus.                              
-    Seafood Paella.
-    Short rib Grilled Cheese    
 on an Asiago roll with French Fries., Thinking Of Our Veterans! Thank You For Your Courage And Dedication To Serving Our Nation!, Looking for a nice Monday night cozy up spot? 21st Amendment is the place. Come on in we're here., Sunday Funday... Football... Beer ... Food. Come in and join us., Drinks are flowing! Music is right on! Great crowd right now!! Come join!!, Right now... We're perfect for after work., Today's Special: 11/6/2014

Soup:  Roasted Shrimp and  Corn  Chowder

Plates:
 -   Chicken Picatta
-    Beef Stew
-    Short Rib Quesadilla 

Come join us!, TODAY'S SPECIAL (Wednesday - November 5 - 2014):
 
Soup:
    - Buffalo Chicken Soup.

 Plates:
   - Meatloaf.
   - Grilled Marinated Shrimp Over Mixed Greens.
   - Hot Pressed Roasted Corned Beef on Asiago Roll.


                             Come join the us for a bite!, null, Come grab your seat and join us for a bite and drink as we watch the New England Patriots taken on the Denver, Broncos! Go Pats!!!, Our thoughts and prayers are with the Menino Family., Hey Suffolk Law Students! Come get a tasty bite. Now offering All SUFFOLK LAW students 1/2-off all "small plates"  Mon - Fri 2 - 5pm with valid Suffolk Law School Id!!  (http://21stboston.com/food), Are you looking for the perfect venue for your next private party??    
We have the right place for you! 
21stamendmentevents@gmail.com, Giving a team 21style  "moving back to chi party" to this guy today! Come sunday funday with us :), Here at the 21a we prefer to drink our dessert! Pumpkin Martini + Blueberry Pie Martini 🍁🍃🍂, Sometimes things are just better in a can 😁, null, We would like to thank Scollay Square for nominating us for the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge, we accept and nominate The Paramount Southie West on Centre and The Paramount Bistro - Charles St. ... you have 24hrs., "If you want to rub shoulders with neighborhood regulars or play trivia with State House workers, it’s that Boston landmark where everybody (actually) knows your name"-Improper Bostonian. 
We made the Boston's Best list! Check it out! http://www.improper.com/bostons-best/bars-clubs/, If you didn't know already that we are one of the things that make Boston the BEST, here's a friendly compilation that includes yours truly. http://www.buzzfeed.com/uniqlo/most-boston-things-to-ever-happen, Come in for our Thursday night beer and burger special! Sautéed mushrooms, onion and pepper swiss cheese burger and 16oz Yuengling lager., "Like" this photo to wish our boys luck tonight on their softball game! Bring us home another win! We'll have some ice cold Whale's Tale waiting for you., null, Getting ready for the launch of Hangbit tonight - be sure to stop in for a drink!!, LOVING the new Banana Bread Beer!! What is your fav new craft brew?, Todays Specials: 

Minestrone Soup   4/6

NY Sirloin Over Mixed Greens
kalamata olives, roasted red peppers, blue cheese crumble, caramelized onions, sweet balsamic vinaigrette…15

Roast Beef on Deli Roll
cheddar cheese, caramelized onion, honey horseradish crema, 
sweet potato fries…12.5, Happy Memorial Day! Hopefully everyone is enjoying this BEAUTIFUL day in the land of the free because of the brave! <3, Half price chicken wings for the game tonight!!!! GO Boston Bruins!!!!!🍗🏆🎉🍻, Cinco De Mayo Specials 

~Build Your Own Tacos- choose from 12 hr Smoked Pulled Pork or Grilled Shrimp served with cojita cheese, cilantro lime creme, pico de gallo, grilled corn tortilla, steamed jasmine rice 

~Pomegranate Margarita

~Bucket of Coronitas, null, How great are these - btl opener on the back and all!!, DERBY SPECIALS:
-12 hour Hickory Smoked BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich with sweet potato French fries  
-Classic Mint Julep
-Derby Old Fashioned, 1/2 price wings for the Boston Bruins game today!!!, Come meet The Breadettes ladies Sat May 3rd and sample Well’s Banana Bread Beer !! 

This delicious brew has similar flavor of a traditional ale with subtle notes of banana and aromas of grass and lemon.  It is fresh, crisp and perfect for spring - which HAS to be coming soon!

The Breadettes are a sassy, young , 1950′s style British trio who sing, dance and pour a perfect pint of Well’s Banana Bread Beer.  They’ll be stopping by to take photos and hold friendly competitions and giveaways!!! We have a feeling they will fit in perfectly with the place!, Half price small plates for the Bruins Playoff game today at 3pm!!! 🍻🏆🍕🍗🍴🍷🍸🍔 GO Boston Bruins!!!!, Remembering Krystle Campbell today as part of Team 21 and her infectious smile. #bostonstrong #oneyearlater #oneyearstronger, Boston Bruins vs RedWings playoff game today at 3!!! Enjoy 1/2 price wings for the game!!! 🏆🍺🍻, Sam Adams 26.2 Brew was made special to commemorate the marathon runners and spectators! 

All profits from the sale of the special brew will benefit the Greg Hill Foundation. 

Enjoy a nice cold pint with us!, How yummy does this new Wednesday Special look? Just in time for spring! 

Pan Seared Teriyaki Salmon over Lo Mein Noodles, Beer and Burger Special: Over Easy Stuffed Bacon +Cheddar Cheeseburger and a 12oz Batch19 PreProhibition Style Lager...$15, Such a beautiful display of support today at West on Center. , In honor of the Red Sox opening day today's special is: Everyones favorite Fenway Beef Frank and Loaded Potato salad!! Wash it down with a $3 PBR!, Now serving "Batch 19 Pre-Prohibition Lager", Craft Brew Thursday: 
Dales Pale Ale was Americas first hand crafted canned Pale ale from CO!!! 
$4.00, http://www.bustle.com/articles/18032-the-10-best-cities-for-beer-lovers-these-towns-know-how-to-brew, null, null, Starting early this weekend!!! 🍀🍀🍀, Today's Specials 
-Crock of Guinness Beef +Barley Soup 
-Curry Chips
-Corned Beef Sliders
-Shepherds Pie
-Corned Beef Cabbage Dinner, null, Stop in for tonights Guinness Promotion starting at 10pm!! Donations are being made to benefit MA Firefighters!!, Come celebrate national margarita day at your favorite local pub!! 🎉, Guess Whats Coming ...
Hint: The brewery was founded in 1829, making it the nation’s oldest beer maker.

Comment below for your chance to win a post work cocktail hour!, Crowd fav specials tonight: Buffalo Chicken Soup, Short Rib Grilled Cheese 🎉🎉🎉, The best part of waking up, is a mimosa in your cup. Oh, yeah and a 21st Hangover burger, too!, We are your Super Bowl headquarters this Sunday. 1/2 price wings and tavern grilled pizzas! Come for the bowl stay for the atmosphere!, This snow Sunday has 21st written all over it. Come enjoy a nice cold beer and 1/2 off wings for the Patriots Game 🍺🍻🏉🏈, 80 years ago today, the 21st Amendment repealed prohibition! What better way to celebrate than at the 21st Amendment?! Come on by, the beers are on ice!, It's about that time for you to start planning your New Year's Eve party! Email 21stamendmentevents@gmail.com if you are interested in hosting a private event with us! Hurry because we will book fast :), Red Sox parade is tomorrow and we will be opening at 8:00am!!! Come raise the roof with us at the 21st and celebrate Boston's big win with red beer, Mimosas, Bloody Marys, and hangover burgers...served ALL day long! See you bright and early!, It's thirsty Thursday and the Red Sox are playing so you know what that means...50 cent buffalo wings during the game!!! See you at 8:00 :), The Sox are on and the beers are on ice! Come on by for 50 cent wings during the game :), Where will you be watching the Bruins tonight? Join us at the 21st and enjoy half-priced pizzas ALL DAY and ALL NIGHT! Let's go B's!!!, Check out our recent recognition in the Boston Business Journal!, Happy National Cheeseburger Day! Come enjoy one of our delicious burgers ... Only at the 21!, One love, one heart. Today we honor the resilience of the American people. #neverforget #alwaysremember #UnitedWeStand, TGIF! Come drink 21st style! #fireball #rumpleminze, Come try our beer of the month! Big Wave Golden Ale #Hawaii #Kona #August, The 21st Amendment loves to support Suffolk University's Dance Company because three of our very own employees are part of the team! , Anyone interested in a serving job? The 21st Amendment is hiring! We are looking for a an employee who are fast learners with a bubbly personality! Stop in anytime and ask to speak with Peter or Carly., 21st Amendment needs your vote! Boston A-List voting ends this week. Vote today! http://boston.cityvoter.com/21st-amendment/biz/3008 … via @TheBostonAList, Baileys last weekend and we can't let her move to San Fran with out a 21a shindig!!!! Get here... 8pm!!!!, No really. Let's go B's!, Buffalo Chicken Nachos and the Bruins!! Skip the lines and grab a stool at the 21! Service with a smile!, It's almost game time! We're offering 50 cent wings and $3 Gansett tall boys, so come snag a seat while they're still available! LET'S GO B'S!!, Tonight's Special: California Burger! Pepper jack cheese, bacon, avocado.. And a Sam Summer for $15!, 1 and 1? Second OT! We're having cocktails no matter what. Come on B's!!, In honor of tonight's game, we're offering 50¢ Buffalo Wings from 6-10! What are YOU doing in preparation? Let's go B's!, "LIKE" our Facebook page and enjoy 50¢ Buffalo Wings and $7 pitchers of PBR on Saturday night for the Bruins Playoff game!, Plans rained out for Memorial Day weekend? Don't sweat it.. Come watch the game at the 21 and celebrate with 50¢ wings all day long! Go B's!, null, I spy two front row seats to watch the game! Who's taking them?! The A team is waiting for you! Go B's!, Let's go B's! Come watch the game with us. Beer and wings anyone?!, Well look who we found! A couple of 21A originals! #regulars #shwag, Come up the 21st after the Bruins game tonight! The kitchen is open 'till 11, and the clincher? There's beer here!, And where are you tonight?? You should be drinkin' with the 21A team! Come in for a few cold ones!, One of today's specials! Grilled Pear Salad with dried cranberries, blue cheese and a lemon thyme vinaigrette!, It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood! Come in for lunch! A Short Rib Grilled Cheese perhaps?, Happy Cinco de Mayo! Come by the 21 for a corona, a margarita.. Or you choose three tacos. Braised Short Rib tacos with cotija cheese, tomato salsa and housemade guacamole! See you soon!, Which are you celebrating? We vote for both! Kentucky Derby mint juleps and Cuatro de Mayo tacos! $9 for your choice of grilled shrimp, sort rib or chipotle chicken tacos! Come see us!, What a nightmare. Hoping that everyone is safe and sound today., http://www.revolutionsoccer.net/video/2013/03/18/farrell-meet-greet, Half price wings, bloody Mary's and Hangover Burgers!, Profile #8: Bailey Damon
Bailey, AKA.. Bails, the all time Veteran bartender and regular crowd favorite, she can play the guitar and sing her heart out (as long as no one is watching). Bailey loves and ice cold coors + shots of rumple! Get ready... the auction begins at 6pm!, Profile #7: Caitlin Milley
Caitlin, AKA... Cat is one of the newest babes to set foot behind the bar at the 21, a lover of red wine, she has captured the hearts of all 21 regulars with her green eyes and is sure to capture yours tonight!, It's almost time! Only 7 more hours until we kick off 'Courting for a Cause' and it looks like it's going to be a party! Here's to hoping you can all stop by! Stay tuned for the rest of our profiles! #roofraising, Profile #5: Laura Paluch 
Laura, AKA... Kitty has been at the 21 for a little over a year now. She is known as the hello kitty babe who loves hot pink and motorcycles., Profile #5: Francesca Desforges
Francesca, AKA... Frankie, Franny, there are too many to name, has been at the 21st for 7 years. Known as the "Jill of all Trades" at the 21st, Francesca loves country music, day drinking, dive bars and is a sucker for live music!, Profile #4: Herb Kent
Herb, AKA... "Herbie", has been at the 21st for a year, just got a new set of wheels. On a scale of 1-10 he rates himself a 6, though his tinder date thinks otherwise, she rated him a 10. He loves Vodka + country music!, Profile #4: Tyrene Soler 
Tyrene, AKA... "Tyrene", has been at the 21st for almost 2 years and just got back from a week's vacation visiting family in Puerto Rico! She favors yoga, whiskey and Sir-Mix-A-Lot!, Profile #3: Valerie Van Gerven
Valerie, AKA 'VVG', has been at the 21st for 5 years. She's an eternal optimist and a sucker for a bottle of Coors Light! She loves a little country, but can teach you the words to "I'm Real"... the Ja Rule special of course!, Alejandra, AKA "Ally", is student at UMass Boston and a local resident of the Dot! She loves Roy Rogers and a good late night sing along. She may be only 5'2" but this Columbiana makes for some big time company!, Profile #1: Nick Davis 
Nick, AKA 'Davis', has been at the 21st for 5 years. He's a loyal fan of the Pittsburgh Penguins (although he doesn't mind supporting the B's every once in a while), and all things honey badger. He's got some mean dance moves and they only get better once you mix in a little Ketel One! Stir and enjoy!, We're only a week away! We're auctioning off our staff to the highest bigger! 6-8 on Tuesday March 26th, come down and bid on your favorite 21st staffer! Stay tuned for profiles on the 11 people that are up for auction!, Alright everyone.. This kid wants to see you! Happy St. Patrick's Day!, Happy almost St. Patrick's Day! Come down for a pint o' green beer!, It's almost time! Come over to the 21 at 5 for a celebrity sighting! Photos coming soon!, null, Busy Thursday night? Didn't think so. Come by the 21st at 5pm to meet the 2013 #1 MLS draft pick who has joined the New England Revolution! He will be dropping by for photos and a signing to conclude the "March to 3-2-3" tour! Hope to see you there!, This is what you can expect from us this weekend at the 21st. Who's coming to party with us?!, Its the perfect night for Nachos and drinks at the cozy 21st... We are saving a seat for you!, So you like the 21st Amendment? Well so does NECN's TV Diner! We got voted best wings in Boston and beat out some big names! In honor or this great recognition, we will be offering 1/2 priced wings on Saturdays and Sundays so you can try them for yourself! Spread the word and we'll see you tonight!, In honor of Mr. Abe Lincoln's birthday, we will be serving up Chipotle Chicken tacos for only $5! We love our 16th president.. And a good reason to celebrate!, Join us as we embrace the blizzard! The 21st will be open all day Friday and Saturday and offering 1/2 priced appetizers! Not even Nemo can close us down! See ya soon!, Pick your poison.. We're saving a seat for you!, Can we say it's official? Snow Day!! Come celebrate with us tonight and..., John Kerry's first order of business as Secretary of State? We hope it's revisiting the 21st Amendment to have his favorite burger, the 21st Burger! Stay tuned for our Secretary of State Special!, Come by the 21st tonight for dinner. Homemade Meatloaf with mushroom gravy, grilled asparagus, and mashed? Perfect for a January night!, Poor Boston - they always pick on us! Let's discuss it over a cocktail. Call it 6 at the 21st? See you there!, Happy Thursday!!! Come warm up with a cup of homemade chili! yummmm, Well.. Happy New Year! Thanks to everyone who came out to celebrate with us - especially to this good looking bunch! May 2013 bring you happiness, good health, and of course.. cocktails!, We still have a few tickets left for tonight's "regular" NYE at the 21st - drop in and grab yours or purchase online!!! See Ya 2012! http://21stamendmentnye.eventbrite.com/#, Skip the lines, the waiting, and the weak and watered down drinks. Put on your party pants and come to the 21A! For $100, enjoy a 5 hour OPEN BAR, lobster sliders, coconut shrimp, Kobe beef sliders, champagne toast and of course... party favors! Get your tickets before they're gone at www.21stamendmentnye.eventbrite.com!, Don't wait and miss the date! We still have tickets availabe for our NYE bash! http://21stamendmentnye.eventbrite.com/#, Last weeks amazing party inspired us. 26 acts of kindness for the 26 victims of Sandy Hook Elementary. We're in are you?, The 21st will be closed tonight starting at 5pm - 'tis the season for parties! Sorry for the inconvenience. See you this weekend!, Waiting 45 minutes to get an overpriced watered down drink after standing in the freezing cold for 20 minutes waiting to get in to the bar that sold you a $150 'complimentary glass of champagne' - Not a the 21A. 

We're ringing in the new year with a 'Regular' New Year's Eve Party. For $100 you get a black tie crowd, 5 hours of open bar, lobster sliders, party favors.. and don't worry, you still get champagne. Skip the lines and ring in this new year like you mean it! See you soon!, Alright everyone - It's a "Regular" New Year's Eve at the 21st Amendment this year! Come ring in the new year with us speakeasy style - We will be offering open bar from 9-2, delicious passed apps, champagne toast, party favors AND... we are doing this BLACK TIE. Dress to impress at your favorite bar and let's ring in this new year right! Buy your tickets at the 21st (150 Bowdoin Street) for $100 or on Event Brite for $120. Hope to see you all there!, He's a pompous nerd but he's OUR pompous nerd., Sorry all - we're doing it again. The 21st will be closed tonight at 5 for a private party! See you tomorrow for lunch!, We're reverting back to prohibition and will be closing tonight at 7:30 for a private party. See you all tomorrow!, Voted as your favorite neighborhood bar, so why not have your favorite bar all to yourself on NEW YEAR'S EVE? Special pricing for open bar! Contact 21stamendmentevents@gmail.com, Happy Holidays from the ladies at the 21st! Now come celebrate with us... We'll have the cocktails ready!, There is still time to book our venue as your NYE destination! VERY reasonable prices for OPEN bar and delicious bites all night! Call or e-mail for more info! 21stamendmentevents@gmail.com, Help! We are so close! If you think we're worthy of the title, "Best Speakeasy in Boston", then get your votes in now! The polls are closing soon and we are only one point away!, Hey all! You know you love the 21st Amendment - wouldn't you say we're your favorite speak easy? If so, then vote for us on Boston.com! We think we have the best and most loyal customers - wouldn't you say? Let's prove it!, There is still time to book our venue as your NYE destination! VERY reasonable prices for OPEN bar and delicious bites all night! Call or e-mail for more info! 21stamendmentevents@gmail.com, 'Like' this if you agree today is hands down one of the best in history. 79 years ago was the REPEAL of PROHIBITION! We take pride in being the 21st Amendment!, Voted as your favorite neighborhood bar last year, so why not have your favorite bar all to yourself on NEW YEAR'S EVE? Special pricing for open bar! Contact 21stamendmentevents@gmail.com, We will be CLOSED tonight, Monday, December 3rd, 2012. We apologize for the inconvenience! We hope to see you with us tomorrow! Open at 11:30am until 2am! :), Come n get it at the 21st tonight! You voted for us as "Best Neighborhood Bar" come see what we're all about!, What are your New Year's Eve plans? Did you know you could have your entire favorite neighborhood bar to yourself? E-mail 21stamendmentevents@gmail.com for details how!, We would like to introduce our newest regular to the 21st Amendment Family! Drum roll please... Cheddar Rob! (In the pink) Someone looks less than impressed. Come and visit us for a cold beer!, 21a gift cards make the perfect gift! Now available for purchase online! How easy! https://secure.treatful.com/buy/21st-Amendment?ref=1, 21a gift cards make the perfect gift! Now available for purchase online! How easy! https://secure.treatful.com/buy/21st-Amendment?ref=1, Sandy's got nothin on us... come by for a drink we are open!, 21st apparel for sale!, Get your holiday party on! Email 21stamendmentevents@gmail.com for event details!, Happy Fall come in for a shipyard pumpkin!, 21st apparel for sale!, Do you like our knockers?

October is 
Breast Cancer Awareness Month

We are accepting donations to support our staff members participating in the 
Boston Walk for Breast Cancer as part of team “walkers for knockers”. 

Please tell your server if you would like to contribute.  Every dollar helps us get closer to finding a cure! 

Thank you! 
-Team 21, Like a little variety in your life? Mix up lunch with a cup of soup and 1/2 sandwich! http://ow.ly/i/10Nvk, Like a little variety in your life? Mix up lunch with a cup of soup and 1/2 sandwich!, Happy October!, Horray for the weekend! Come by and get 1/2 price small plates 3-6pm!, Do you love us? Do you love free stuff? If you pay with @TheLevelUp between Sept 24th and 28th you'll get $10 free! Wahoo!, null, Do you love us? Do you love free stuff? If you pay with @TheLevelUp between Sept 24th and 28th you'll get $10 free! Wahoo!, null, Want $10 at 21st Amendment? Come by between Sept 24th–28th, pay with LevelUp, and get $10 off!, Vote for our very own Julianne to become the co-host of ht Rhode Show! Vote by watching her entire interview! 

http://www.wpri.com/dpp/rhode_show/search_for_a_star/audtions/rhode-show-sfas-2012-contestant-036-julianne-jordan-cappello, Today's Specials: 
Italian Wedding Soup...4/6

Baked Meatloaf
chive mashed potatoes, grilled asparagus, 
mushroom gravy...11

Mushroom & Pepperjack Cheeseburger 
pepper jack cheese, pepper house aioli, 
french fries...10
add smoked applewood bacon...1.75, null, Happy Birthday Boston!, 21st apparel for sale!, Join us for STUMP Trivia tonight 8-10pm.... Wining teams get 21a gift certificates! http://ow.ly/i/ViiP, Its FRIDAYYY!!! Come by for 1/2 price apps till 6 and enjoy one of our craft beers!, null, null, Enjoy your favorite small plates for half price from 3pm-6pm! Perfect with an ice cold #craftbeer!, Remembering those who gave their lives & all those whose lives were touched by 911. Thank you to all the men and woman who continue to protect our freedom every day., Looking for a place to hold your breakfast fundraiser?  email 21stamendmentevents@gmail.com http://ow.ly/i/Vihz, Half price pizza and wings for Monday Night Football!!, Whats your favorite fall cocktail? Leave it here as a comment and you may see it on our fall drink list!, Our favorite part about fall... Whats yours?, Today's Specials:

Teriyaki Salmon over Lo Mein 
stir fried vegetables ...14

Mediterranean Roasted Chicken Salad
Mixed field greens, seasonal vegetables, roasted red pepper aioli balsamic dressing  ...11, Its time to make way for fall... Help us "Kick the Keg" tonight of the Sam Summer and Wachusett Blueberry!!! The last person to drink each wins a 21st Amendment t-shirt!!!!!, Round up your team of up to 6 and play STUMP Trivia tonight from 8-10pm. Gift certificates for the winning teams!, Today's Lunch Specials: 

Beer Battered Fish and Chips 
coleslaw, french fries, tartar sauce ...13.5

Pulled Pork Sandwich 
cheddar cheese, colesalw, shoe string french fries ...12.5, Come in for one of our refreshing craft brews and half price small plates from 3-6!, http://21stboston.com/shop, Today's Lunch Specials: 

Asiago Short Rib Grilled Cheese 
cheddar and fontina cheese, honey mustard, french fries ...12.5

Grilled Swordfish 
pineapple mango salsa, white rice ...14, Don't forget all of our small plates are half off from 3-6 every day! Whats your favorite small plate?, Today's Specials: 
New England Lobster Roll
house made chips...15

Baked Meatloaf
chive mashed potato, grilled asparagus, 
mushroom gravy...11

Teriyaki Salmon Lo Mien
sir fried vegetables...14, Check out the amazing & talented Sarah Winchester's blog post from the last Throwback Thursday event with Scruffy from the Dropkick Murphys which benefited the Claddagh Fund. 

http://sarahwinchester.wordpress.com/2012/08/24/kickin-it-with-the-dropkick-murphys/, Paramount Chef Gabe, Its the perfect night to stop in to the 21 on your way out and grab a delicious cocktail like the cool cucumber or ice cold craft beer (draft or can)! 

Whats your favorite drink before you go out drinking?, null, Join us for our last installment of THORWBACK THURSDAYS with Scruffy from the Dropkick Murphys and Jen Cravotta to benefit the Claddagh Fund! We saved the best auction items for last... 4 tickets & backstage passes to DKM show, Heineken Board Room Seats to Bruins/Penguins Game & Ken Casey's Red Sox Tickets to name a few! Not to mention the "Throwback Shot Girls" and Dirty Water TV's Morgan Chase covering the event!! Party starts at 8pm!

http://bit.ly/Mb7tUS, We have 10 seats remaining for Chef Gabe's five course "End of Summer Beer Dinner! Call 617-227-7100 to reserve your seats!! 

http://bit.ly/SUe3mi, follow us on instagram at 21stamendment, We had a blast with Jenny Johnson this past Thursday as part of our Throwback Thursday series to benefit the Pan Mass Challenge! Thank you Jenny! , With TV Diner Host Jenny Johnson and Legendary Throwback's Cy Clark and Jimmy Dolan, Daigle hasn't changed a bit!, Throwback..., Customer annihilation i mean  "appreciation" night...., Check out "Throwback Thursday" Bartender Back in the day... Jimmy Dolan, Old school holiday party.... go team 21, Getting ready to welcome THE LEGENDARY Cy Clark!! Hurry up and get here!!, Paramount Gift card - part of to tonight's "throwback Thursday" charity event, null, null, Cant wait for Scruffy from the dropkicks to come next weekend as our CELEB bartender! , The Beacon Hill BBQ Package is one of the many exciting raffle prizes for tonight! Sam Adams Grill, Harpoon Brewery Assorted Fall Tailgate Pack and 5 Assorted Steaks from Cambridge Packing!, We now offer Level Up as a form of payment! For every $100 you spend we give you $10 free!, http://www.bostonherald.com/track/inside_track/view/20220812tracked_down/srvc=home&position=also, Tuesday’s Specials

New England Clam Chowder 4/6

Maine Lobster Roll 
house cut potato chips 15

Grilled Shrimp Taco 
cilantro lime crema, cotija cheese, black beans, fresh tomato salsa, rice 13

Baked Meatloaf
chive mashed potatoes, grilled asparagus, mushroom gravy  11, Thank you Eric Jacobs for "spotting" us during last nights Throwback Thursday event to benefit the Boston Bruins Foundation!, This week former Boston Bruin Bob Sweeney teamed up with former 21st all-star's Nicole Filipponi & Ray Gowing , null, Throwbackthursday has begun! Come by & support the Boston bruins foundation!, Club Center BRUINS tickets as part of tonight's raffle items for Boston Bruins Foundation! #throwbackthursdays #charity see you at 8!, Thank you so much to all of the amazing stores that have donated to throw back thursdays!, Getting ready for our next installment of Throwback Thursday! Tomorrow we will have former Boston Bruin Bobby Sweeney with all star Nicole Filipponi to benefit the Boston Bruins Foundation! This weeks raffles are even better than last!!, Thank you so much to  The Boston Globe for stopping in last Thursday! We were able to raise over $2000 for the Alliance for Lupus Research with former NE Patriot Max Lane! Looking forward to this Thursday with former Boston Bruin Bob Sweeney!, null, Kick off #throwbackthursdays charity event tomorrow night at 8pm to benefit Alliance for Lupus Research with former NE Patriot Max Lane http://bit.ly/MLgdBZ, Round up a team of 6 or fewer and come play STUMP trivia with us from 8-10! Winning teams receive gift certificates!!, New England Clam Chowder...4/6

Sam Adams Beer Battered Fish & Chips
french fries, cole slaw, tartar sauce...13.5
 
Grilled Ruben on Rye
sauerkraut, swiss cheese, russian dressing  sweet potato fries...12.5, null, Now hiring friendly and enthusiastic waitstaff! Must be available minimum of 2 week days. Please message me for details!, Round up your team of 6 or fewer for STUMP Trivia tonight from 8-10!! Prizes go to the winning teams!, null, Due to POPULAR demand, the LEGENDARY Cyril "Cy" Clark has been added to an additional Thursday night for our Summer Charity Event! He will join Nicole Filipponi & former Boston Bruin Bobby Sweeney to benefit the Boston Bruins Foundation!!!! A second case of Dewars scotch has been ordered for this event!, August is looking pretty exciting here!, Check out the woman's t-shirts that just came in!! Message us to purchase one! How cute do our girls look!, Round up a team of up to 6 friends and come by for STUMP trivia tonight at 8pm!, null, Come by for one of our delicious Summer Cocktails for Natalie's last shift at 21a!, null, null, null, null, null, Good luck to all J.P. Morgan Corporate Challenge runners! Come enjoy and ice cold beer when  your done!, They are FINALLY here!! (well the mens version, ladies stay tuned!), null, We want to know what makes you a regular at the 21a... post your favorite memory (pics are a bonus) and follow the directions to be entered for dinner on us!, null, We are now offering 1/2 price small plates from 3-6pm all summer long! Stop in and enjoy your fav!, null, null, Our 21st Amendment Mens T-shirts have arrived!!! Stop in or message us for purchasing details!, New England Clam Chowder...4/6
All Natural Turkey Burger: pear chutney, sweet potato fries...12
Asiago Short Rib Grilled Cheese: cheddar & fontina cheese french fries...12.5

Canned Beer Special:
Pork Slap Pale Ale… 4.5
Narragansett “tall boy”...3, Cool off with an ice cold Raspberry UFO draft! It's berry good!, null, null, Nothing sounds more refreshing on this hot afternoon than an ice cold blue moon with an orange slice!!, Help us "Kick the Keg" of Raspberry UFO! Its BERRY good!, Half price pizza tonight! Which one of our thin crust pizzas are your favorite?, Vote for us on the Boston A-List and help us win the title of the BEST trivia night!!!, Enjoy a refreshing glass of Prohibition Sangria ...$6 or and entire carafe for only $18!!, Come in for the game tonight and a 'BEAT THE HEAT" Pepper Jack Cheeseburger - applewood smoked bacon, crispy onion strings, jalapenos, chipotle aioli lettuce, tomato, red onion, french fries and & 14oz Bud Light Draft ... $14

or try the "Celtics Pride" with Rain Organics Cucumber-Lime Vodka, Madori, OJ, Ginger Ale, Todays delicious specials: Short Rib Grilled Cheese and Fresh Homemade Salmon Burger!, Be sure to vote for the 21st Amendment as your fav trivia bar in boston! , Looking for a little extra money this summer? We have a few shifts open for friendly and enthusiastic people like yourself! Day and evening shifts available! Message me for details!, Come watch the celtics tonight while sipping one of our yummy summer cocktails!, Todays lunch specials: Beer Battered Fish and Chips, Salmon Burger and Grilled Ruben on Rye! See you at lunch time!, Thanks for the review Boston food and Love!!, Thank you to Matthew at the DateEats blog for your feature on the 21 as a great date night spot! , Come try a drink off of our cocktail list... The Cool Cucumber is my fav! Whats yours?, Come watch the 12:35 Red Sox game during lunch!, It's the perfect 21a night... Enjoy one of our delicious cocktails or one of our beers on tap! Kitchens open till ten! See you soon!, Watch the Celtics game 5 tonight & enjoy 1/2 price wings with our $3 PBR draft & $3 Narraganset "Tall Boy" cans!, Congrats to the class of 2012!!! Stop in for a drink to celebrate!!, Last nights tasting to celebrate American Craft Beer Week!, We LOVE IPA!, Todays Specials: New England Clam Chowder, Pan Seared Salmon over Mixed Greens, Turkey Slider Burger & Beer Battered Fish and Chips!, null, Be sure to stop in tonight at 530 for an American Craft Beer Promotion with Harpoon!, Join Sam Adams at 530 for a American Craft Beer promotion!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, You may have noticed a change to our Facebook profile today as we've moved over to an official Facebook "page." Help us spread the word as we upload all of our past photos and bring you an even better 21st Facebook experience!, null, null)