List(We got a typical surprise from New England weather: snow! But don't worry, we have zeama: a heart warming soup and placinte: absolute delicious culinary masterpieces, and all this to make your day be better and keep you warm :) 
#restauramoldova #sundaymood, DEAR GUESTS! Our menu is now available on our website. Just follow the link below, null, We are open for business!, The day has come! We are happy to announce that starting with April 1st, Moldova Restaurant in Boston will be open for business 7 days a week, from 11AM to 9PM. 

We encourage to make a reservation at (617) 916 - 5245, null, Happy to represent Wines of Moldova at the Boston Wine Expo., null, We are accepting resumes now for all full-time and part-time positions!, Even though we're not open for the public yet, we agreed to participate and include our business in the "Halloween Window Painting Contest" held for the 15th time in Newton, MA. Now Angela is showing her talent on the designated window of Moldova Restaurant. Wish her good luck and come by later today to see her work!, null, We are one step closer!, We are so happy to see that we have so many followers!!! 1,000 followers and we haven't even opened yet! Your support is what motivates us. Thank you. 

P.S. We are working hard in the kitchen to provide you the best menu! We are opening soon!, We are looking to fill our team with fun individuals. Help us out by spreading the word out. Moldovans are encouraged to apply, but it's ok if you are not, we still want you on our team!, The Moldovan chicken soup called “Zeamă” is one of the best things you will ever try. The recipe usually includes homemade egg noodles, chicken, vegetables and fresh herbs, which give the soup a delicious flavor. Add some sour cream and bon appetit!, Choosing the best coffee for our valued customers!, Want to be a part of our team? Send your resume and we'll tell you more about what we do!, Have you ever tasted Plăcinte? This is a very traditional and popular Moldovan dish. It’s a pie stuffed with cheese (brânză), potatoes, cabbage, pumpkin or apples. Our plăcinte will melt your heart and leave your stomach craving for more., null, null, A message to all! 

Former Maria di Napoli Restaurant has finally found a new beginning, and is being transformed into a brand new, unexplored cuisine for the american soil. We are proud to bring to you the first Moldovan Restaurant in Boston, which combines modern authentic Moldovan atmosphere, with delicious home made Moldovan food.

We will be happy to see everyone at our restaurant and help you discover new tastes and explore a new world. 

“I consider Moldova one of the best kept secrets on earth, in fact. And, I am not alone.” – Kevin Stillmock, American cable television entrepreneur., null, null, null)