List(We will be closing early today, at 4pm, for a Special Fancy Event!, Hello, rumour has it someone like you would sky-fall in love after rolling in the deep flavor of the A-Dill Crepe! Stop in today to try our newest special, it's amazing., Come in today with an "I Voted" sticker and get 15% off your order! Go Vote!!! It's important! Think of all the nutella...., Today we will be closing at 8pm for a staff meeting. Sorry for any and all inconvenience, we will be open tomorrow for our regular business hours. Keep calm and crepe on!, Happy Valentine's Day to the best customer's in the world. We had an amazing year, with an even better one coming up. So, from the staff of Paris, thank you and happy love day. We love you all almost as much as we love Nutella. Almost., Valentine's Day is almost here! To celebrate, we have a super delicious new special to share with you all! The "Eyeful Tower" comes with fluffy waffles and strawberries on top of Vanilla Fro Yo drizzled with Nutella. Get yours this Sunday!, Check out this article published by Northeastern Students for Spoon University!
 http://northeastern.spoonuniversity.com/eat-out/delicious-things-to-eat-at-the-paris-creperie/, It was with sad hearts that we learned of Alan Rickman's passing. He was an amazing actor and mentor, and inspiration to us all. He played arguably the best character in Harry Potter, Severus Snape. This month, we have dedicated our special crepe of the month to him, The Snape Crepe. An Oreo infused crepe with Taza Dark Chocolate and Mint glaze is the perfect way to remember his dark, twisted, but sweet at heart character. Come in today to enjoy a Snape Crepe yourself! And don't forget, Nutella Day is February 5th! It's a day you won't want to miss!, null, CHAI is Evolving at Paris Creperie!     Try our new special - the Chai-mander!, Toast Inc made a video about how we use Toast POS at our cafe, starring our supervisor extraordinaire Bella!  http://pos.toasttab.com/reviews/paris-creperie, January's Crepe Special is:

THE GORG-AN FREEMAN

A God-like combination of Chicken, Gorgonzola Cheese, Slow-Simmered Buffalo Butter, and Romaine Lettuce on a Scallion Infused Crepe., So two things happened:  Will came up with a way to make Churro Crepes, and then Ben Carson running for president was a hilarious trainwreck.   We have combined these two events for our new monthly special:    THE CHURRO-SURGEON.    Behold!, Check out our new special of the month, "JAKE'S MAKIN' BACON PANCAKES"!!!! This is an in store only special, so make sure to stop by and enjoy the wonderful, delectable, mathematical BACON PANCAKES (served with Bacon, Maple Syrup, and topped with Ice King Ice Cream mounds with Ice King frosting)., Paris Creperie's version of the PSL - available now!  Also can be made into a smoothie!, The Boston Globe wrote an amazing article about the Open Book management system we have been doing since January. Check it out! https://www.bostonglobe.com/business/2015/10/14/can-open-book-management-help-both-restaurants-and-workers/71L1ujpPASsaiFyxyNezVI/story.html, The October Special is the GOOEY CK!   This thing is devastatingly delicious.  Inspired by Louis CK's famous Cinnabon stand-up:     "Ah $*&% I'm gettin a cinnabon ... gotta cancel that stuff I was gonna do later ... ", TOMORROW 50% off Nutella crepes and drinks for ANYONE who has EVER been a student!!!! Stop by and enjoy the deliciousness!, Remember this from our old menu?   We've brought back the Chicken Parm Crepe for our September Special!, That's right everyone, U CAN HAZ BEST CREPES EVER!!! Come visit us today! #crepes #cats #pariscreperie #hungry #best, Dear Faithful Customers: Tomorrow, July 27th, we will be closed! We are having a fancy lake party. We will be open late Tuesday, July 28th, at 11am., null, We're doing our June crepe special in honor of Pride Month!
It's the LG-BLT - Bacon, Romaine, Tomato, and Garlic-Dijon Fromage!    We're also donating $1 for every one sold this month to BAGLY - the Boston Alliance for Gay and Lesbian Youth., We will be closing early today at 2:30PM for a private event!   

Interested in having Paris Creperie to yourself for your event?  Get in touch!   catering@pariscreperie.com, Hey everyone! We are indeed open our regular hours today, 5 April, from 8 am to 10 pm! See you all soon! :), World Nutella Day at Paris Creperie is today!   Come get 50% off Nutella crepes and all Nutella drinks!, The Buddy Crepe has been blogged. Check out the details about our special for December! 

http://bit.ly/1tO5LMx, Hey everyone! This Friday at the Café, ask for the "RUNAlovesParis" discount to receive a free Runa with the purchase of your crepe. While supplies last! #runacrepecollab

Blog for details: http://bit.ly/14H8FOw, Check the #blog to see how you can WIN a $25 gift card!, Who's tried our #special for November: The Great #Pumpkin Crepe?! Do you think it's as delicious as we do?

Read all the details on our #blog!

http://pariscreperie.com/november-crepe-special-the-great-pumpkin-crepe/, null, Social media/blogging junkies! We are now on Tumblr at http://pariscreperie.tumblr.com/

Our first post may or may not make you drool (but actually, like, it probably will). Follow us! We know you can't get enough crepe in your life., Do you love #crepes? Do you love #photography? Do you love #winning things? 

If so, we have the perfect contest for you! Check out the details at our blog: http://bit.ly/1rVr97h

We can't wait to see your submissions! Contest starts TODAY and ends next Sunday, October 11th. Tell your friends and come say hi!, #Boston, are you ready for our October #special? 

Deliciously full of scandal, handsomeness, smugness, and entitlement, we present to you...

THE DON CREPER.
sex. lies. crepes.

Starting today and ending Nov. 1st! Don't miss this savory crepe. It just might be the sexiest thing to hit your tastebuds this month., EXTRA EXTRA!  Paris doles out free Nutella Crepes for STUDENTS on Sunday! Click to claim offer here:  http://s.privy.com/sllCfEhQ, We're celebrating Bastille Day at Paris Creperie this Sunday the 13th!
Half off two of our Finest savory crepes - Storming of The Basil and The Revolution - all day Sunday!
Come join us!, This is the 3rd year we've participated in the annual Gay Pride Parade in Boston, and this time around we decided to release our inner divas. Another fabulous day!

Photography by MALLIA Design, Check out Paris Creperie in these pictures from Boston Pride! Can you spot any of your favorite crepe-makers? More pictures to come.


http://www.bostonglobe.com/metro/2014/06/14/annual-boston-pride-parade/azzHVvK2iih5b7LOvZWPOL/story.html?pic=6, null, Deluxe Goods, Do you love your Mom?
So do we!
This Mother's Day, bring Mom to Paris and her crepe is FREE with the purchase of your crepe!
Don't miss this chance to outdo your siblings!, Happy mardi gras!!! 50% off all Nutella products today, complimentary sparkling cider, and face paint for the kids! Come on down!!!, What better way to celebrate Fat Tuesday than with Nutella? Don't miss out on 50% off all Nutella products.  It's not the typical New Orleans Mardi Gras, but maybe that's for the best..., null, Sign up for La Poste - Paris Creperie's Newsletter!   FREE CREPE when you sign up and for your birthday!

http://eepurl.com/kRyGr

#youfancyhuh, You all know us for our Nutella crepes, but our breakfast menu is absolutely delicious.  Check out our post about the "Great Eggspectations" and take advantage of our offer! (Note: you must actually read post :) )
http://pariscreperie.com/?p=312, We're (hazel)NUTS about Nutella here at Paris.   
And things are about to get even more cray-crepe.

Wednesday Feb 5th is World Nutella Day, and we'll be doing Half Off Every Nutella Crepe and Beverage!

There's NUTELLING how many jars we'll go through!, Oh nutella, how you never cease to amaze us... Make sure you join the Paris Creperie in celebration of number 6: There's a World Nutella Day. http://mentalfloss.com/article/50068/8-things-you-may-not-know-about-nutella, null, Blizzard warning?? HA! Martha and Jenny (#Jartha) have no fear of a little snow! We're off to a bit of a late start today, but will be at Northeastern at 5. #keepontruckin, Paris's very own Nick, Martha, Cam, Julianne and Jenny run in the unorthodox charity event to support the Play Ball Foundation...and party a little while they're at it, So pumped to make BostInno's list for best food trucks in Boston! And honored to be among so many amazing food trucks (trust us, we've personally tried all of them). #eBrag
http://bostinno.streetwise.co/2013/12/27/the-15-best-food-trucks-in-boston/, Saddened by the Cafe's new menu? Have no fear, Jenny is here to convince you change is good!  Check it out: http://pariscreperie.com/?p=295, Paris's very own Nick, Martha, Cam, Julianne and Jenny run in the unorthodox charity event to support the Play Ball Foundation...and party a little while they're at it, Which Parisian Christmas or holiday movie should we play at the Holiday Arts & Eats Festival this weekend?, Come see us this weekend!, Hey friends of Paris! Check out the link below for info on this years Santa Speedo run, a charity event that our staff will be participating in! On December 14th, we'll be stripping down to our skivvies and running for the "Play Ball Foundation," but we need your help! Help us reach our fundraising goals, any amount will be a huge help! Join us at Lir down by Hynes to day of, and cheer us on! Thanks!!!, The decision has been made. Thanks for all the great crepe name entries, but after much deliberation, the crepe gods (aka the Paris managers) have named Rebecca D. the winner for her "Storming of the Basil" crepe.  Congrats Rebecca! #Vivelarevolution! http://pariscreperie.com/?p=237, Check out our first sale for the Baked Brie crepe! Each sale sends $1 towards our staff fundraising for the Play Ball Foundation, as we run through the streets of Boston for the Santa speedo run on December 14th. Check us out!, It's not too late to submit a crepe name and win **Instant Fame**! Message Jenny your #crepepuns, you know you can't resist ;) http://pariscreperie.com/?p=230, Want to get in on our crepe-naming fun? Now's your chance! We're coming up with a new menu at the Cafe and know our brilliant customers are just brimming with Wit. Come up with a name for one of our new crepes and win a free crepe, fame, and fortune (we can only promise the first one for sure).  See details here: http://pariscreperie.com/?p=230, Hey, remember all those snow storms last winter? Yeah. Today's not looking so bad now, is it? Get yoself to Dewey square for a quick, hot lunch at the Paris Creperie Food Truck!, The truck's coming to Dewey Square for lunch! Today's suggestion? The "For-Biden Fruit": Apples, sharp cheddar, and brown sugar.  Sweet, savory, and perfect for a Fall day! Oh, not to mention, it's a double pun. #crepepuns, Some pretty hip truckers are coming to Northeastern at 3 pm today. They may be BU students, but nutella can end even the greatest rivalries., We're at SoWa Open Market today, and showing "Crepes: A Love Story" produced by our very own (and very missed) Lauren Kroll.  If you can't make it today to see it on the big screen, catch a little crepe action here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hBOlmgwlsow, What's this whole Head of the Charles thing?? The Greenway Open Market is where it's at, baby! We're parked right by Rings Fountain on the Greenway all day!, We're truckin' out to City Hall Plaza for lunch today!  The government shutdown doesn't even phase us- We have that French Revolutionary spirit! #Vivelarevolution, The Truck is #occupying (is that passe?) Dewey Square today! Make sure you stop by! You'll probably encounter Martha "Mother Trucker" Griem, and since you are all just dying to know more about her, check out her bio (and introduce yourself!): http://pariscreperie.com/re-introducing-martha-mother-trucker-griem/, The truck's hittin up Northeastern today at 3! Be there to try our new "Vive La Revolution" or "For-Biden Fruit".  For all you seasoned NU customers, you know you can trust us that these new crepes will get you hooked- on both our Crepes and our Truckers ;), La Tourer Eiffel is serving lunch at Dewey Square today! Even though you shouldn't be checking Facebook at work, you should totally stop by. (Especially if you haven't tried our new Ham and Brie yet!), Follow the Paris Creperie Food Truck on #Instagram to help us get to 100 followers! How do we not alreeady have 100 followers, you may ask?? Probably because we have no friends :(, Intrigued by the food truck industry? Psyched when a food truck pulls up to your hood? Don't know what all those hipsters are doing together on a truck?? Then get all the dirty secrets in Jenny's new post blog post about the food truck industry: http://pariscreperie.com/?p=205  #trucklove, Between Jenny's awkward dismount and Martha's slow, emotionless sway, I'd say they make a great co-managing team! #mothertruckers http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UMtmpqB0KDY&desktop_uri=%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DUMtmpqB0KDY&app=desktop Thanks The BU Buzz for the awesome story!!, Two new Crepes today at our Stuart Street location! The "Vive la Revoltion" (http://pariscreperie.com/?p=196) for all you Ham and Brie fans, and the "For-Biden Fruit" for all you populist Democrats.  Come be the first to try them out!! Served today by our lovely Martha Griem and Audrey Michaels , The masses have spoken! Their demand? The return of the Ham and Brie to the Paris Creperie Food Truck.  No longer will we deny the people what they want! Check out the Ham and Brie 2.0, The "Vive la Révolution" Crepe: http://pariscreperie.com/?p=196 . #VivelaFrance #ViveLaRévolution, Jenny Ruenes, Martha Griem, and Nicholas Mallia went to CBS for a segment on our Food Truck. Little did the studio know, their ambitions for fame were high..., Watch out, Boston, the Paris Creperie is taking over the news, On the Paris Creperie Food Truck we regret nothing.  You shouldn't either! Check out our new crepe, the "No Regretzel" and #YOLO right along with us: http://pariscreperie.com/the-paris-truckers-live-by-yolo/, Sacre Bleu!! Our Sacre Blog is makin' waves!  Thanks to all our Paris truckers for the inspiration.

http://blog.diningin.com/blog/bid/311112/5-Restaurant-Blogs-You-Should-Know-About, Ever surprised when you visit our food truck and order from that #emo kid only to find out that he's actually super friendly?  Check out Shane's bio (and stay tuned for more...): http://pariscreperie.com/?p=147, Can't get enough #PROTEIN?? NEITHER CAN WE.  So now, when you order to go on the Food Truck, you can "Gaston! your crepe".  We'll add a fried egg on the side for just a buck. #gethuge

http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=PK3x2DOoJIc, Vive la révolution!! In true French style we're staging a Revolution on the truck.  This Thursday at CHP we're testing out an entirely new menu.  More flavor, more local products, MORE PUNS.  So come out and show your support for the cause.  Check it out: http://pariscreperie.com/you-better-sit-down-for-this-one-new-menu-coming-soon/, She may be new. She may be young. But Audrey Michaels is one mean trucker.  Check our her bio: http://pariscreperie.com/meet-the-paris-truckers-audrey-odd-rey-michaels/, Ever wonder who that guy wearing the orange crocs is on the Food Truck?  Well find out alllll about our veteran trucker, Will Deeks: http://pariscreperie.com/meet-the-paris-truckers-will-willeh-deeks/, Get to know our amazing Lauren Kroll! Check out our post and stay tuned for more Food Trucker bios: http://pariscreperie.com/meet-the-paris-truckers-lauren-the-intimidator-kroll/, null, Catering on the beautiful south shore town of Hingham for a bridal shower!, Check out our photos from this years pride parade! The theme was "proud, strong, united" so we did our own twist on that! France recently passed gay marriage legislation, so we did a big gay French wedding! Check it out!, We're moving along with redecorating our interior!  Just posted some photos of the latest addition - a grid up to our ceiling of wonderful Doisneau photos.  Something nice to look at if you're here when we've got a line to the door!   More to come!, Photos of our interior renovation and redecorating taking place over the course of 2013., My Big Gay French Wedding, Check us out today at the Boston pride parade! Paris does pride 2013: my big gay French wedding!, Our friends over at Mei Mei are opening a restaurant, help them out if you can! , Hey Brooklinians; did you feel out of the loop with alerts and notifications during the horrible events last months? Join Nick, our catering and events manager, and the rest of the Brookline Chamber of Commerce next Wednesday, June 5th at 8am at the Holiday Inn Express on Beacon street. Register to join!, GIFT CARD ULTIMATE DELUXE SALE!
Order a gift card online Today or Tomorrow (Sunday or Monday) and receive an extra 15% of the value purchased!
This promotion is valid for ONLINE orders only. Our gift cards never expire!
http://pariscreperie.com/shop/the-gift-of-crepes-online/, You can have this fancy view too if you hire us for a private event!, PARIS WINS BEST USE OF MAKERS MARK IN OUR HOMEMADE BOURBON CREME BRÛLÉE!!!!, Shameless staff selfie, gonna kill it at the throwdown! 11am-9pm, come and get it!, Think this is enough for the food truck throwdown?, Preppin' up a STORM for the throwdown tomorrow! Weather - perfect. Truck - squeaky clean. Staff - PUMPED!, Unless you've been living under a rock, covered in a tent, you've probably heard of the food truck throwdown happening this Saturday... you'd be a fool to miss it! We'll be there ALL day! Check out some more info on their website. There will be SECRET MAKERS MARK recipes from each truck, ours is Maker's Mark creme brulee! WOO! See you there!, Get your VIP tickets here! This Saturday is gonna be bananas!, Some fancy crepe work by the talented Julianne Merino!, Check out our friends at FTFNE! Let's make as many festivals happen as possible!, This is going to be the most epic thing, ever., BEHOLD! The great Nutella heist of 2013!, Check us out this Saturday! We'll be serving dessert crepes inside for this great event. Our buddies at Mei Mei Street Kitchen will be there too! , La Tour Eiffel, our food truck, is hitting the streets again on April 1st!   We've got a SUPER SECRET amazing new item launching with the truck this year.   SHH!   

Here's our new schedule for 2013!

MONDAY 10am-3pm
Back Bay – on Stuart Street at the corner of Trinity Place, in front of the 100 Clarendon Street Garage.

TUESDAY 3pm-9pm
Fenway – Northeastern University on Opera Place at Huntington Avenue.

WEDNESDAY 10am-6pm
Dewey Square on the Greenway - at the South Station T Stop plaza.

THURSDAY 10am-3pm   &   4pm-8pm
City Hall Plaza  (10am-3pm)
Boston University - Corner of St. Mary's St. and Commonwealth Ave. (4pm-8pm)

FRIDAY  10am-3pm
Rings Fountain on the Greenway at Milk St., Check out Kristen Mallia, our graphic designers' newest project! Note the presence of creperie alums Tyler Chipman and Larry Bean...!, Paris Creperie on a March Saturday morning., null, Please vote for us for best food truck in Boston!, Holy cow! Check us out!!!, Paris at the chocolate extravaganza at pine manor!, Test Kitchen round 5 has launched in the cafe! Check out our new recipes: Cam's Honolulu crepe, Jack's Dessa Yuna, Laurie's Eggplant Parm, Shane's Hearty Irishman, and the newest rage, Speculoos cookie spread! Good times. Top it off with Julianne's Caramel Apple Cider! SNAP., Check out our food truck at Copley Square tomorrow for first light! We'll be there in the afternoon right through 1am, teamed up with Mei Mei!!! Food, fun, and festivities for all!, Just finished our registration for our spot in the June 2013 Pride Parade! ow ow!, Awwwwwwwwww yea! Only 3 awards are given out every year at the Boston Pride Parade to marchers. 1. Best Float, 2. Best Marching Group, and 3. Best Interpretation of the Theme. We bagged best interpretation of the theme! Go team Paris! Just wait and see what we have in store for next year.... ;), Please vote for us in the food truck throwdown! We want to show those New Yorkers who's boss!, Check out our live demo of the rosemary chicken crepe on food truck Fridays at NECN, starring Tiffani Faison!, check us out on NECN tomorrow morning between 9 and 10 for food truck Fridays!, ch-ch-check it out!, We're thinking of starting a mustache day at the cafe. Yea, we're weird., Support your fellow Brooklinians!, Thursday, August 2nd. Be there or be square. Our truck will be there with some other awesome food trucks. And Sam Adams beer!, Test Kitchen 4 should be launched by the end of the week. Check out the newest creations from our staff!, Sooooo we finally got around to uploading all of the photos from the Boston Pride parade. Employees, start tagging yourselves! There's... a lot. Gonna be bigger and better next year!, Check out this video, made by our staff! How to make a crepe! http://youtu.be/hBOlmgwlsow, Are you following us on twitter yet? @pariscreperie for the truck and @pariscrepecafe for the cafe! Woot woot!, Check out our food truck on NECN's TV Diner with Billy Costa!, null, null, null, null, null, null, Pride parade! Say hi to us if you see us in the parade!, Did you know that Paris will be the first food truck in Boston's gay pride parade tomorrow? Come check out the crazy performances we have planned! 12-2 in Copley square!, Last day to vote for our truck as the best designed in the country! Please repost, we need to win this!, gahhh it's so close again! please help us win!!!, have you voted for us yet? please do! just a couple clicks away, no annoying sign up form or anything! support boston, brookline, and food trucks!!! vote la tour eiffel!, please vote for us for best designed truck! represent Boston!!!, Vote for us for the best lookin' truck on the road!!!, We just finished our first catering job off the truck and it was teeeeeeeeeeeerrific. It's super quick, super easy, and super tasty. Hire us for lunch at your office, or a birthday party, or any other event you can think of! Woo!, Like our food truck in Brookline? Please please please email brooklinemobilefoodtrucks@gmail.com with your positive feedback, otherwise the pilot program ends in the fall!, starting tomorrow, our food truck will be in Brookline 7 days a week. whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat, the unofficial launch of the Brookline food truck pilot program... catch us at st. mary's street and comm. ave from 3pm today until 11pm!, Brookline food truck pilot launch!, I guess we'll find out what a rainy day for the truck means today., null, null, Holy cow, it's hot out. Just so we're all aware, the truck is down by the RMV today until 3pm, check it out! Otherwise head up to the cafe and splurge on Brookline's best smoothies!, Last night, the selectmen in Brookline approved the plan for their pilot food truck program. Expect to see us over at St. Mary's street and comm ave. sooner than later!!! 6 days a week!, The food truck is rockin' it. Finished our second shift at BPL this morning. Expect us there every Friday from 6-10am. We're taking a break the next couple days, but expect us at the RMV spot either Tuesday or Wednesday next week., Check out this sick preview of what's to come at city hall plaza tomorrow. TOMORROW!!!, Our launch is just days away! Get ready city hall plaza!, Behold! After an arduous trip from New Jersey, our lovely food truck has arrived!!! What do you think?, Tomorrow!!!! Nick will be driving the completed food truck up the east coast. An epic journey indeed!, In case you're wondering, here is our schedule for our truck:

Mondays/Tuesdays/Wednesdays
Breakfast/Lunch - Boston's RMV spot, Boylston & Washington Street. Nutella crepes and smoothies after an RMV experience. Self explanatory. Also Emerson College and many other destinations nearby.
Dinner - Brookline's St. Mary's Street and Comm Ave. All those BU all nighters will finally have a frozen hot chocolate. 

Thursdays
Breakfast/Lunch - Boston's City Hall Plaza - 3 truck cluster! Shazam!
Dinner - Brookline's St. Mary's Street and Comm Ave.

Fridays
Breakfast - Boston Public Library 
Dinner - Brookline's St. Mary's Street and Comm Ave.

Saturdays 
Breakfast - Brookline's Washington Square
Lunch and Dinner - Hire us for catering... and wherever you are is our spot!

Sundays
Breakfast/Lunch - Brookline's St. Mary's Street and Comm Ave.
Lunch and Dinner - Keep those catering gig's a-comin!

And there you have it. We'll be just a few days late to start this program schedule next week, but stay tuned for exactly when we will be officially launching. We hope to see a massive line and happy customers for that first shift! We'll be taking pictures and video, so you can be our latest FB star! See you then!, Our breakfast menu on the food truck is going to be INSANELY good....!!!, Slight change of plans... Our truck will arrive in Brookline by the end of the week. Prepare for us to be at our on street sites starting late next week!, Absurd. 80 degrees in March. Our lemon crush smoothie is going to need to start sooner than later. Lemonade... peaches... strawberries... pineapple sorbet... it's like a punch to your jaw. AWESOMENESS., Come by tonight until 6 and get free swag for the Hunger Games movie premiere from Patch Brookline! We'll also be giving away free smoothie samples to passers-by! Check out more info here! , 8 days until the truck arrives home in Brookline! ow ow!, Where oh where can I find a quality croissant to sell from our food truck..., Get ready Emerson College, we are going to be at the new spot on Boylston right before Washington Street! Starting April 1st, we'll be there for breakfast and lunch of Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday! Emerson Alum UNITE!, Boston's food truck lottery for the hottest parking spots is today at 4... look forward to an update of which ones are going to be ours!, A visit to the truck in progress..., Look for pics soon... we're visiting the construction of our food truck tomorrow!, Vote for us for the best smoothies in Brookline! ow ow! Pick up our smoothie loyalty card while you're at it, buy 10 smoothies to redeem 1 free! , Wait, what happened to spring? I thought we were knee deep in 60 degree weather from here on out. :(, null, Let the festivities begin! The sparkling cider is flowin' (it's the best we can do without a liquor license,) the beads are gleanin', and the horns are blowin'! Join the Mardi Gras party at Paris!!!, Tomorrow is gonna be funnnnnnnnnn! Come by and celebrate Mardi Gras with us! Free colored beads and cider for all!, Also, can we talk about how exciting this is? , This summer is going to be insane! Check out www.foodtruckfestivalsofne.com to buy tickets for any number of the events going on this summer. We'll let you know what festivals we'll be involved in! , Who's ready for mardi gras? , Everyone's buttock-ing about it - Only the Finest, Fanciest, Imported French chairs for your Derrière!  Coming soon to a Paris Creperie near you!, Also, check this out! Learn something today!, Happy V-Day, fellow Parisians! Get ready for next Tuesday, we're going to have a big party of Mardi Gras! (clearly mardi gras is a lot more fun than valentines' day.), What do you plan on doing this Valentine's Day?, Which holiday are you looking forward to more, Mardi Gras or Valentine's Day?, Update on the Brookline food truck pilot program... and a shout out for us! , Happy Wednesday, y'all! Need a little incentive to get you to the weekend? Why not come scope out our 3rd round of Test Kitchen crepes?! They're not here for very long, so get 'em while they're hot!, Please click to vote for the new CCMA logo!, let's say we launched a food truck (wink wink). where would be the most popular spot to park and serve from?, Food trucks in Brookline? Thoughts?, Friend of Paris Creperie, Michael Holley, will be signing books tonight across the street at the Booksmith. For tonight, if you order a Michael Holley crepe, you get a free small smoothie!, Hope everyone had a good Thanksgiving. Let the holiday season begin!!! Looking for a good stocking stuffer? Buy a gift card to Paris! Any amount will do!, Jeez. Already Thanksgiving! Just so everyone knows, we'll be closing early on Wednesday night, at 8pm. Thursday, we'll be closed, and we'll be opening a tad bit late on Friday, at 10am. Slam down a crepe and Nutella hot chocolate before you get your shopping done!!!, Come by tonight for the kickoff of the First Light Festival! we have lots of fun stuff going on! Coolidge Corner will have a scavenger hunt for the kiddies, we'll have a costumed character come by, and our own employee Julianne Merino will be performing live songs. Fun times for all!, null, Are you ready for this mini-heat wave that's approaching us? What better excuse than to grab a Nutella Frozen Hot Chocolate before it's too cold to feel your fingers..., check it!, http://tiny.cc/ns5nc click the link to vote for our window in the decorating contest!, HAPPY HALLOWEEN FELLOW PARISIANS! ow owwwwwwwwwwwwwww!!!!, Happy Halloween! Come by tomorrow for some candy, so long as you're in costume!, Our whole staff will be in full Halloween costume all day Monday... swing on by and check us out! Don't forget to check out our front window designed by our employee Julianne Merino, it's soooo good! Then vote for it on the Coolidge Corner Merchants Association fb page! We'll also be handing out candy to trick or treaters all weekend! (So long as you're in costume!!!), Check out our window! It's all decorated for the Coolidge window decorating contest! Vote for us on the Coolidge Corner Merchants Association FB page!, Just wait and see what our front window is going to look like! We're participating in the first annual Coolidge Corner Halloween window decorating contest! We'll be up against everyone else in Coolidge, but you need to like Coolidge Corner Merchants Association to vote on the online poll!, BEHOLD! The first annual Paris Great Pumpkin Carving Contest! Sign up for a chance to win a $50 gift card, and lots of pictures posted of your winning pumpkin!, Check out this on site catering job, on a bit of a smaller scale compared to the last one..., Check out a quick video taken of our on site catering!, null, Today we here at Paris are doing on site catering for a company in Kendall Square. Stay tuned for some pics that will be uploaded to see just what crepes on site looks like!, Remember our celebrity sighting this past weekend? Check out our shout out in the Boston Herald... , The holidays are fast approaching. Did you know that you can rent out the Paris Creperie any night of the week for the month of December to host your own crepe catered holiday party? You can take a vacation to Paris without even leaving the state!, Zack from the Suite Life of Zach and Cody on the Disney Channel stopped by Paris last night to see what all the buzz was about!, Another rainy day... Time to try something new. Take a little vacation, otherwise known as "un peu de vacances," and get a crepe, soup, and any tea on the menu for $9.95!, Today's best selling crepe - Nutella with fresh fruit added! Are you seeing a trend here? Never forget - If you're too full for a sweet crepe after your savory crepe, grab one of our fresh strawberries dipped in Nutella! They are INSANELY good!, Dearest crepers, what do you think of the test kitchen crepes so far? Keep your eye out for an update next week, we'll be launching a set of 5 brand new crepes! Test kitchen round 3!, Another dreary rainy day... good thing we have broccoli & cheddar soup that you can add to any crepe order for only a dollar! Today's best selling crepe so far is the ultimate classic: Nutella with strawberries...!, Today's best selling crepe: Lilli's Crepe! Parmesan cheese infusion, cheddar cheese, asparagus, tomatoes, broccoli, avocado, and spinach. Get crepe'ed!, Another day, another facebook update. Speaking of updates, stay tuned for round 3 of our test kitchen crepes and drinks! Best sellers from the past have been the Chipotle BBQ Pulled Pork, the Pesto Presto, the Strawberry Shortcrepe, and the Proscuitto Fico. If you haven't tried these yet, you're seriously missing out!, What a miserable day. Good thing we just launched three new teas! Ask our staff about the Yerba Mate, Japanese Green, or White Peony! Ooh la la!, Thursday is Bastille Day, and there may be some special events happening at the Paris Creperie to celebrate!, Come try one of our new Test Kitchen crepes, with recipes created by our staff!  We now have the Rubenesque Crepe, Curried Tofu Crepe, Prosciutto Fico Crepe, Sweet Potato Pie Crepe and Strawberry Shortcrepe!  Win!, null, Starting tomorrow, we're participating in Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer!  Purchase a Nutella Cannoli Crepe and proceeds will be donated to the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute!, We are participating in Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer, which is happening May 2nd through May 8th!, null, Did you know that giving the cashier a high-five yesterday would have gotten you 10% off your order?  If not, then you're probably not following us on Twitter.  If you're not following us on Twitter, then you're definitely missing opportunities to get special discounts!  Follow us!  www.twitter.com/pariscreperie, We're on Twitter!  Follow us at www.twitter.com/pariscreperie!, Have you tried our new and improved Greek crepe?  Basil infused, feta cheese,  fresh and sun-dried tomato, olives, spinach, creamy Greek dressing.  Small line right now!  It would be foolish not to make your way over here post haste., Are you craving a salad?  You can get one with your crepe!  That's right, Paris Creperie now has salads!, Don't forget about our student discount!  Show us your student ID at the register for 10% off!, Love Nutella?  We now have Nutella dipped strawberries!  $1.95 each or 6 for $10.95!, Tired of your usual dessert crepe?  Try adding walnuts to a Nutella crepe or a butter and sugar crepe!, Guess what!  We now have a number of additions to the Paris Creperie menu!  Come try our new hot chocolate (don't worry, we still have the nutella hot chocolate), yogurt and granola, and our new crepe recipes!, Hey everybody!  If you're looking for our menu online, we've recently changed our website to www.pariscrepe.com., We are now open earlier during the week!  Due to customer demand, we will now be open at 8am - 7 days a week.  Stop by for the best breakfast in Coolidge Corner before work, or warm up with one of our signature Paris lattes or Nutella Hot Chocolate!, null, null)