List(Be aware!

http://www.autism-society.org/get-involved/national-autism-awareness-month/, If you have not yet applied for a College of Education scholarship for the 2016-17 academic year, you still have time!  The application will be available until close of business on March 31.  go to our website to apply today!  http://www.uakron.edu/education, Hope you're enjoying your Spring Break!  It may be 60 degrees in Daytona Beach at 9:30 a.m., but it's a balmy 55 degrees in beautiful Akron, Ohio.  Not bad.  No matter where you are, have a wonderful day!, We are pleased to announce that the Early Childhood Inclusive Teacher Preparation Program has been approved by the Ohio Dept. of Education and is now available to students.  If you are currently in the Early Childhood Education or EC Intervention Specialist program, you should consider this new program!  Learn more on our website
http://www.uakron.edu/education/academic-programs/ECITPP.dot, null, Northeast Ohio Teacher Education Day (NOTED) Job Fair is coming up on Tuesday, April 5!  Candidates will have an opportunity to meet hiring officials from school systems across the region, state, and nation.  No pre-registration is required.  Brush up your resume, get out your professional attire, and plan to attend. 7:30- a.m. - 5:00 p.m. at the John S. Knight Center., It's not too late!  You can still apply for a College of Education Scholarship for 2016-17!  The application period is open until end of day on March 31.  Go to the COE website to apply now!, The Center for Literacy recently received a $10,000 Akron Community Foundation grant to support the CFL literacy coaching network for struggling readers.  Dr. Lisa Lenhart and Dr. Jeremy Brueck head up the project.  Congratulations!, Coming up this summer for middle school students .... Think Tank to Shark Tank: From Engineering to Entrepreneurship.  This summer camp will allow students in Grades 5-8 to conduct research, design and construct a product and pitch their product to sharks (business leaders).  Like Shark Tank on TV!  More information on our website:  http://www.uakron.edu/education/FLL/index.dot, Way to go Zip!  Big 65-63 win over Eastern Michigan., Congratulations to Dorothy Louise Liggett!, Let's go Zips!, The University Association for the Education of Young Children (UAEYC) has two charitable drives scheduled this semester and invites members of the UA community to participate.

#1 - Collecting NEW BABY ITEMS for a local pregnancy center to help mothers in need. All baby items are welcomed — bottles, pacifiers, bibs, clothing, diapers, wipes, etc. A donation bin is available in Schrank Hall South 215 until March 31.

#2 - Collecting NEW SCHOOL SUPPLIES for donation to Project RISE:  Pencils, markers, erasers, crayons, glue, notebooks, etc.  These items will be given to homeless children enrolled in Akron Public Schools. A donation bin is available in Schrank Hall South 215 until April 21., APPLY NOW for College of Education scholarships for 2016-17.  Go to www.uakron.edu/education to apply.  The application period runs from March 1 to March 31., null, Take a peek at the progress on Zook!  Picture 1 shows the glass front on levels 1 and 2; Picture 2 is a peek at a partially completed classroom; Picture 3 is the view from the 3rd floor outdoor terrace.  I know where I'll be spending my lunch break!   (The porta-potties in the front yard will be replaced with beautiful indoor restrooms.), Hey, have you see Zook Hall lately?  It's really looking good with that glass front and a terrace on the third floor!  Won't be long and we'll be moving back "home."  Woohoo!  Will try to post some pictures soon.  Stay tuned....., Wow, we've gained 9 new friends this week, and 20 for the semester!  Only 62 to go to reach 1,000 friends... Can we reach that goal by the end of the semester?  Be sure to tell your friends to like us., We have received word of the passing of Dr. Charles M. Dye, professor emeritus of educational foundations and leadership, on February 12 in Maryville, IL.  Many who worked at or attended UA in the 70s, 80s, and 90s will remember Dr. Dye well.   An obituary is available online at http://www.hakassly.com/obituaries.html, Just a heads-up to let you know the College of Education Scholarship application for 2016-17 will be available beginning March 1.  All COE students are eligible to apply.  More info coming soon!, Congratulations to the 100 College of Education (and pre-education) students who made the President's List for Fall 2015!!  To qualify, students must be undergraduate, enrolled full-time and achieve a 4.0 grade point average for the semester. Way to go, future teachers!, Find out what the LeBron James Family Foundation is doing in partnership with the LBJFF College of Education.  

Check out https://www.facebook.com/lebronjamesfamilyfoundation, Attention Higher Education Administration students.... Master's Comps will be held on Saturday, March 5, in Room 312.  Deadline to apply is Friday, February 19!   Go to  http://www.uakron.edu/education to apply online!, If you are planning to Student Teach in Fall 2016, the deadline to apply is Monday, February 8!  Go to our website to start the online application process.

http://www.uakron.edu/education/current-students/student-teaching/, Dr. John A. Messina and Brandon Mikulski, both College of Education alumni, have been honored by the Ohio College Personnel Association for their impact on student success, retention and advancements in the field.  Messina is the vice provost for student success and associate vice president for student affairs, received the Phillip A. Tripp Distinguished Service Award.  Mikulski, assistant director of living-learning communities, received the Fayetta M. Paulsen Accomplished Leader Award.

Congratulations, gentlemen.... You make us proud!, Attention Math Nerds ... Have you heard the latest?  A supercomputer in Missouri has identified the largest known prime number, which is 22,338,618 digits.  For all of you non-math people (like this one), prime numbers are divisible only by themselves and the number one. 

Read more about this amazing discovery here:  http://abcnews.go.com/Technology/math-nerds-geek-prime-discovery/story?id=36399058, The University of Akron hosted the FIRST Lego League District Tournament on January 9.  Twenty-nine teams from NE Ohio participated in the competition, and 10 of the teams qualified for the upcoming state competition in Dayton.  Congratulations!

http://www.cantonrep.com/news/20160109/legos-and-robots-equal-learning-experience, null, null, null, Way to go Zips!, Thanks to everyone who contributed to the LeBron James Family Foundation College of Education "Warm Up the Winter" project!  Donations will be delivered to Haven of Rest on Wednesday, so if you'd still like to contribute, bring your item(s) to Central Hower Lobby., null, null, Congratulations to the College of Education students who will receive degrees at commencement on Saturday, December 19!  We are proud of you!, We have learned that many group email messages sent to students are being routed to their Spam folder.  This includes messages from the College of Education and the Office of Student Teaching, among others, which regularly send out such mass mailings through listservs.

Don't let this happen to you!  Always check your Spam folder before emptying it to be sure you are not missing important information from the University!, Attention FALL 2016 student teachers.... The Student Teaching Orientation meeting on December 18 from 1:00-3:00 p.m. has been MOVED to Student Union 335!  Please mark your calendar!, Reminder:  Student Teaching Placement meeting for Spring 2016 student teachers - Thursday, December 10 - Central Hower Auditorium, 4:00-5:00 p.m.   

Come and find out where you'll be student teaching next semester!, The LeBron James Family Foundation College of Education is sponsoring Warm Up the Winter from December 1-18.  We are asking for donations of new mittens, gloves, hats, scarves, earmuffs, socks -- even unmentionables.  All donations will be given to Haven of Rest in Akron.  Bring your donation to the Central Hower Lobby and clip it to the evergreen or drop it in the box.  Let's all Warm Up the Winter for those in need this winter!, Upcoming job fair for teachers, Go Zips!  All the way!, null, null, The Akron Public Schools have 19 teacher openings as of this morning.  For more information, visit their website:  http://www.applitrack.com/akron/onlineapp/default.aspx?Category=TEACHER, Food for thought., Three of our staff shared in the fun of Halloween by dressing in costume today.  Anyone recognize these folks?, The JAR was hoppin' on Wednesday when First Lady Michelle Obama and Akron native and Cleveland Cavaliers star LeBron James stopped by to get kids fired up about college.  Lots of music, videos, freebies, and, of course, lots of "LeBron's Kids."  

We are family.  We are Zips.  I Promise....

http://www.ohio.com/news/break-news/first-lady-michelle-obama-and-lebron-james-get-kids-fired-up-about-college-at-ua-event-1.634210, Congratulations to Teresa Cianchetti, Ohio's 2016 Teacher of the Year!!  She is a graduate of the UA College of Education and a 30-year teaching veteran.  She is currently a first grade teacher in the Field Local School District.  Kudos!

You can read more online at http://education.ohio.gov/Media/Media-Releases/Field-Local-Schools%E2%80%99-Teresa-Cianchetti-named-Ohio%E2%80%99#.VijdLqL5kbG, Have you met Julia, the newest "Sesame Street" character, who has orange hair, beautiful green eyes -- and who happens to have autism?

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/julia-the-first-sesame-street-character-with-autism_5627e718e4b0bce34703c19d, null, If you are a new user of the Tk20 portfolio system and have not yet received your user name and password, contact us.  We can help!

Online Help Form - https://akron.qualtrics.com/SE/?SID=SV_3HR95zeBAvvQRdX, The University of Akron, in partnership with the LeBron James Family Foundation and the Akron Public Schools, is offering a new course for Spring 2016:  “I PROMISE Urban Youth Mentoring.”  This course is open to all University of Akron students.  UA students will mentor local youth and help them to develop positive life skills while they fulfill their PROMISE to LeBron.  Enrollment begins soon.  Sign up and make a difference in a child’s life!, Not to be missed!, Our thoughts and prayers are with the students and faculty at Umpqua Community College and with the community of Roseburg, Oregon, in the wake of another horrific shooting., The College of Education will welcome our Direct Admit Freshmen at a special gathering TODAY from 3:45 to 4:45 p.m. in the Central Hower Community School Cafeteria.  This gathering is designed to promote community and involvement in the LeBron James Family Foundation College of Education.  We look forward to seeing all Direct Admit Freshmen there!  Donuts provided!, Future teachers .... Take part in Women's Basketball Education Day.  Friday, November 20, at 10:30 a.m. at the JAR Arena!  The event combines the fun of watching a live basketball game with learning as we teach 5th grade children about healthy living and nutrition.  A good opportunity for future educators to get their feet wet and do some hands-on field work.  Watch Women's Zips Basketball take on Winthrop University in the Akron Classic.  Contact Curtis Smith at cas243@zips.uakron.edu to participate!, null, Like a phoenix, a new Zook Hall is rising from the old.  The supporting structure of the glass terrace is being installed and new window openings are being framed.  Have you been following the progress?, Wow, we gained a lot of new friends over the summer!  We're just 8 shy of 900 .... Let's see if we can reach that goal this week.  Tell all your friends to like the LeBron James Family Foundation College of Education!, Welcome to Fall Semester 2015!  It was a beautiful day on the UA campus., Congratulations, Shawn!  You rock!, Thank you to all our teachers:  past, present, and future!, We are pleased to announce that we are now the LeBron James Family Foundation College of Education.  

Read more about the collaboration between The University of Akron and the LeBron James Family Foundation here: http://www.uakron.edu/im/news/scarborough-and-lebron-announce-scholarship-program-for-akron-children, Congrats to sophomore Clayton Murphy, named to the U.S. roster for the 800 meters at the IAAF World Track and Field Championships in Beijing later in August. 

And congratulations to junior pole vaulter Shawn Barber, who captured the fan vote for the Bowerman Award, which is presented annually by the United States Track and Field and Cross Country Coaches association.  This is the highest individual accolade that an be bestowed on a collegiate track and field athlete.   Barber will also compete for Canada in the Championships in Beijing.

Way to to Clayton and Shawn!  You make all Zips proud!, Phoenix Alternative School at the Akron YMCA is seeking a full-time Intervention Specialist.  Contact Wendy Neloms, Principal at wendyn@akronymca.org or (330) 784-0408., Students, please be aware of upcoming due dates for Fall tuition!  

If you registered for Fall classes before July 31, then your tuition must be paid by August 10.

If you register between August 1 and August 31, the tuition due date is August 31.

Also note that late fees have changed.  Go to http://www.uakron.edu/student-accounts/payments_and_billing/due-dates.dot for more information, Congratulations also to sprinter Clayton Murphy for winning gold in the 800 meters at the Pan American Games, crossing the line in 1:47.19.  Murphy has now qualified for "A" standard for the 2016 Olympics and Olympic Trials., Congratulations to Junior pole vaulter Shawn Barber, who won the gold medal at the 2015 Pan American Games in Toronto on Tuesday!  Read the story online at Ohio.com

http://www.ohio.com/sports/zips/ua-pole-vaulter-shawn-barber-wins-gold-medal-at-pan-am-games-1.609888, University is rescinding the $50-per-credit-hour fee for upper level students!
http://www.ohio.com/news/break-news/university-of-akron-to-rescind-50-per-credit-hour-fee-1.609579, null, Attention Foreign Language Teachers!    Redeemer Christian School in Cuyahoga Falls is seeking to hire a Spanish teacher for the upcoming school year.  If interested, contact Kenneth Krueger, Principal at (330) 923-1280.  www.redeemerlutheran.us, Read what noted education researcher Diane Ravitch says about Arne Duncan's sad legacy., Dr. Reene A. Alley, professor in the Educational Administration program from 1989-1995, passed away on July 5.  She was 80.

A retired educator, she taught at Youngstown State from 1995 to 2002, as well as Butler University and Indiana University-Purdue University at Indianapolis.  She was originally from Indianapolis.

Reene’s education included a B.S. in Chemistry from Ball State University in Muncie, Indiana, an M.S. in Mathematics from Purdue University and, an Ed.D. from Indiana University in School Administration., What a difference 6 months makes!, Hands up, class..... Have any of our local schools done this?, http://www.wkyc.com/story/news/education/2015/06/30/ohio-drops-common-core-tests/29547049/, The renovation continues on Zook Hall.  If you've walked past it lately, you'll notice gaping holes in the exterior walls where crews are preparing to install a beautiful exterior terrace on the front., The College of Education is ALL IN for the Cavs!   Let's go Cavs!  Let's go Cavs!  #ALLinCLE   (Oh, and let's not forget the Indians .... Go Tribe!), Tracy Clark, a parent and former teacher, wrote a letter to her son's future teacher in a HuffPost blog.  In it, she urged the teacher to believe in the child and help protect the gift of wonder in him.  A must-read for future teachers as well as current, experienced teachers.  

Read it here:  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/smart-parents/to-my-sons-future-teacher_b_7504406.html?utm_hp_ref=education&ir=Education, Today's Akron Beacon Journal ran an interesting article about the role of gender in education.  Basically it say that girls/women are topping the boys/men in academics, yet despite their academic prowess, women still earn less than men.  Read this interesting article online and give us your thoughts.

http://www.ohio.com/news/local/girls-are-beating-up-boys-in-academics-is-it-a-guy-thing-or-a-failing-system-1.592560, Congratulations to the 145 undergraduate, 100 master's, and 3 Ph.D. students who graduated from the College of Education on Friday!  We are proud of you and know that you will do amazing things!, It's Friday of Exam Week.   You made it!  You survived another crazy semester!    Take a short breather and enjoy the beautiful spring weather.  We'll see some of you in a couple of weeks to do it all over again., Exam time is here?   Are you ready?, Dr. Hal Foster, professor emeritus (Curricular & Instructional Studies), has been presented the Faculty Engagement Award for 2015 by the Department of Student Life.  This award highlights a faculty member who has gone above and beyond in his work for and with students and shown a personal interest in students' lives.  Congratulations, Dr. Foster!, Retired teacher and UA alum Mae Packan was profiled on her 101st birthday by the Akron Beacon Journal.  What an amazing lady!  Read out it here:  http://www.ohio.com/news/local/history-teacher-mae-packan-has-101-years-of-lessons-to-give-1.583806, The Akron Public Schools have closed the Central Hower building until 2 p.m. to evaluate a security issue.  No entry or exit will be permitted before 2 p.m., We are pleased to announce that Elliot Georgiades, an Honors student and AYA Social Studies major, has been tapped as student responder at the Spring Commencement on May 8. Get all the latest news on the upcoming commencement here: http://www.uakron.edu/graduation/, If you will be STUDENT TEACHING in Spring 2016, you MUST attend one of the following orientation meetings.  
April 28, 9:00-10:30 am
April 29, 12:00-1:30 pm
April 30, 2:00-3:30pm OR 4:30-6:00 pm
May 8, 10:00-11:30 am
No RSVP required., The Hattie Larlham Center is looking for Summer Job Coaches to work with their clients.  25-30 hours a week from June-August.  You will assist people with moderate disabilities at various job sites and support their skill development.  Go to www.hattielarlham.org for more information., Teachers and soon-to-be teachers .... a crafty idea for your students to try., Today is the last day to apply for a College of Education Scholarship!  Application closes at midnight tonight!, There's still time to apply for College of Education scholarships for 2015-16!  Application will remain open until March 31!  Spread the word!  
http://learn.uakron.edu/education/scholarship/scholarship.cfm, Wow, we've picked up quite a few new friends in the past few days!  Welcome!   Be sure to share our site with your friends and ask them to like us., We are pleased to announce that the 2015 Distinguished Education Alumni recipients are:

• Russell A. Chaboudy ’87, superintendent, Coventry Local Schools
• Dale R. Fortner ’90, superintendent, retired, Wadsworth City Schools
• Aaron J. Galpert ’80, ’81, athletic trainer, Akron Children’s Hospital
• Michelle D. Jones ’00, ’05, teacher, Akron Public Schools

Congratulations, and thank you for your many years of service to the education profession!, Congratulations to the College of Education's 2015 Outstanding Faculty Award recipients:  

• Dr. Kristin Koskey (Teaching)
• Dr. Al Daviso (Teaching)
• Dr. Gary Holliday (Research)
• Mrs. Karen Plaster (Service)!  

They will be honored at the 23rd Annual Outstanding Faculty and Distinguished Alumni Dinner on April 7., If you are having trouble accessing our Scholarship Application, try using Firefox.  Some people report problems when using Chrome or IE., Ready, set, apply!   The College of Education scholarship application is now available! 

http://learn.uakron.edu/education/scholarship/scholarship.cfm

Log in using your UAnet ID and password., Psst!   The College of Education Scholarship Application will be available on March 1.  Link will be posted here as well as on the College's website.   Pass it on!, Future teachers.... BEST PRACTICES for Conducting an Education Job Search is set for March 3 at 4:00 pm.  Learn how to plan your teaching career, network with other soon-to-be-teachers, participate in mock interviews.  Professional dress and resumes required.  Register at:  www.uakron.edu/career, Interested in economic education for grades PK-12? Consider becoming a Barker Scholar.   Each semester qualified PK-12 educators will be selected and admitted into a collaborative cohort that works to integrate personal finance and economic concepts into their classroom instruction. Scholars will receive either a $500 stipend or 3 graduate credit hours, along with a host of resources and materials.  Get more information on the Barker Center for Economic Education website:  http://www.uakron.edu/barkercenter/, Plan to attend....

Northeast Ohio Teacher Education Day (NOTED)
Tuesday, March 17 from 7:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. 
John S. Knight Center, Akron. 

Dress professionally and bring a resume!  You'll have a chance to network with representatives from participating school districts and participate in preliminary interviews.  More information on the website:  http://notedjobfair.org/, Hey student teachers and future student teachers ... Want to be amazing in the classroom?  Check out this article on the 7 Habits of Amazing Student Teachers:  http://www.weareteachers.com/blogs/post/2015/01/14/7-habits-of-amazing-student-teachers, The College of Education recognizes excellence among
Faculty, Staff and Community/Service Partners.  Nominations are being sought for this year's COE Awards.  Deadline to nominate is Monday, February 2 at 12:00 noon.   Get the nomination form on our website
http://www.uakron.edu/education, The results are in!  See who claimed the top spot in the FIRST LEGO League Tournament on Saturday, January 10!  Kudos to all participants, and congratulations to all winners who will advance to the State tournament in February.
http://www.uakron.edu/education/FLL/, What about you?, What are you doing on February 28?   Plan to attend Money Letters 2 My Daughter, sponsored by the Barker Center for Economic Education.  Author and financial literacy advocate Jackie Cummings Koski will present a special one-day workshop for educators.  It's FREE, plus you'll get a copy of her book and classroom-ready resources!  
Get more information at on the Barker Center website:
http://www.uakron.edu/barkercenter/, An important Tk20 message for new College of Education students:  

Check your Spring tuition bill before purchasing TK20!

The Tk20 fee is included in tuition bills for students newly admitted to the College of Education.  Typically this occurs the first semester after you have been admitted to the College.  It is clearly identified as Tk20 Portfolio Fee and is a one-time-only purchase.

If Tk20 is NOT on your tuition bill, you will need to purchase it from our website, but NOT until after the 15th day of the semester!!

http://www.uakron.edu/education/current-students/tk20/index.dot, Don't end up in the wrong building or wrong classroom on the first day of class!  Be sure to check your Spring schedule via My Akron!  

And be sure to check your UAnet email for any important messages from the University or your instructor.  (Check your email filters to be sure messages from the University don't get sent to the spam folder.), The forecast says it's going to be cold and snowy this week.  Bring all that winter weather indoors with these activities from WeAreTeachers.

http://www.weareteachers.com/hot-topics/what-we're-teaching-this-month/ice-ice-maybe, It's a new year.  A fresh start.  A new semester is almost upon us.  Have you made any resolutions for the coming semester?, Here are some of the photos from last weekend's commencement., Congratulations to all who graduated on Saturday -- especially from the College of Education!  One chapter of your lives is done, but there are many more to come before the book is fully written.  

"You are educated. Your certification is in your degree. You may think of it as the ticket to the good life. Let me ask you to think of an alternative. Think of it as your ticket to change the world."   Tom Brokaw, Phew!, Meet Stephanie Rymer, one of the many talented students who have made the most of their years at The University of Akron through hard work in the classroom as well as experiential learning opportunities.  Stephanie will receive a B.S. in Education — Middle Level Education, summa cum laude on Saturday.

She was chosen to speak on behalf of the Fall Class of 2014 at the Dec. 13 afternoon graduation ceremony. Congratulations, Stephanie!   Read her story:
http://www.uakron.edu/im/news/stephanie-rymer-she-ll-be-head-of-the-class/, Does your classroom tell a story?

Do you have unusual objects that attract the curiosity of students, leading them to ask questions and that foster meaningful conversations? Is your classroom visually stimulating for the students?  Read what one teacher has in his classroom and why in http://www.edutopia.org/blog/does-your-classroom-tell-story-stacey-goodman

Then, share with us what you have in your classroom., A Monday funny.  Teachers, can you relate?, Can you believe it?  Exam time is almost here!, The College of Education is proud to offer YOU a variety of programs via alternative methods (e.g., fully online, distance learning classrooms, and through blended formats) to better meet your needs!

• Instructional Technology Master’s – fully online
• e-Learning Certificate – fully online
• K-12 Computer/Technology Facilitation Endorsement – fully online
• Assessment and Evaluation Master’s – fully online
• Reading Endorsement – can be completed in three semesters
• 4/5 Endorsement – can be completed in one semester
• Principalship Master’s and License - hybrid delivery

Contact us:  (330) 972-7750 or educ@uakron.edu, Fall 2015 student teachers.... Yes, I mean Fall 2015 .... Mandatory Orientation Meetings are coming up soon.   Here they are with updated times/locations:
Tuesday, Dec. 2, 9:00-10:30
Wednesday, Dec. 3, 10:30 am-12:00 noon
Thursday, Dec. 4, 2:00-3:30 pm
Thursday, Dec. 4, 4:30-6:00pm

All meetings will be held in the Simmons Hall Auditorium, Room 111

Be there or be square!, Attention Spring 2015 Student Teachers!  The placement meeting on Thursday, November 20 from 4:00-5:00 p.m. has been moved to Simmons Hall Auditorium, Room 111.  Be sure to update your calendar., Please note:  The performance of "Sleeping Beauty" by the Illusion Factory has been move to Schrank Hall South 145 from the Central Hower Auditorium.  We hope you and your family will come out to help the Center for Child Development celebrate its 45th anniversary!, Happy birthday, CCD!   To kick-off a year of celebration for its 45th anniversary, UA's Center for Child Development is hosting a special event for UA families and children. On Wednesday, Nov. 19, the actors of Illusion Factory will perform a rendition of "Sleeping Beauty" from 5:30 to 6:30 p.m. at Central Hower Auditorium. 

The production is designed for preschool children and includes audience participation. Everyone is welcome to come dressed as a jester, a knight, a princess, or be creative. (As this is a family event, please refrain from costumes with weapons.) Adult tickets are $3 each with a valid Zip Card, and children 12 and under are free. Reserve seats by calling the CCD at ext. 8210. Tickets will also be sold at the door.

The CCD also will host a Scholastic Book Fair at the performance. Books for all ages will be available for purchase. Donations also are welcome to our Yetty Michael Fund, a scholarship fund to assist with center child care tuition costs.

Come and help us celebrate!, Nearly 90 people attended the screening of the acclaimed documentary "TEACH" on Thursday evening in Olin Hall.  Were you there?  
• What impressed you about the film?  
• Did it cause you to think in a new way about teaching?  
• Would you recommend this film to other future teachers?  
Share your thoughts with us., Great news!   The University of Akron's online Master in Educational Foundations emphasizing Instructional Technology degree has been ranked among the best in an article entitled "The 25 Best Online Master in Educational Technology Degree Programs" by TheBestSchools.org!  

Learn more about our outstanding program on our website:
http://www.uakron.edu/education/academic-programs/EFL/programs/IT/index.dot, We have just learned that Dr. H. Kenneth Barker, Dean of the College of Education from 1966-1985, passed away on November 2.  He was 92.

Over the long history of The University of Akron, few have dedicated themselves to her advancement like that of H. Kenneth Barker. While committing himself to the University, he held many titles and opened up doors of opportunities for countless UA students. In addition to serving as Dean for the College of Education for 19 years, he served as Special Assistant to the President from 1985-88, and Acting Director of Athletics in 1987. He was instrumental in the creation of the Center for Economic Education, which has borne his name since 2001.  In 1988, he was given the title Dean Emeritus for his deep and abiding loyalty to the University.  

Thank you, Dean Barker, for your vision, leadership, and dedication., Children, parents, and employees of the UA Center for Child Development celebrated Fall at the 2014 Fall Festival on October 24.  The place was jumping, and there were games, face painting, food, and crafts of all kinds.  Needless to say (but I'm saying it anyway), a good time was had by all!, Alpha Delta State of Delta Kappa Gamma Society International is pleased to offer several $1,000 grants to students who will be doing their student teaching in the 2015-2016 school year.  Applications for the Esther Strickland Student Teaching Grant are due by March 1, 2015. 
Download the application  http://www.uakron.edu/dotAsset/c29c7f28-d820-4fb2-ada9-e256c27204cc.pdf, Congratulations to alumna Sharon Budd on her amazing recovery and release from the hospital!  We are thinking of you and hope you continue to improve every day!, Students:  Are you looking for a way to build your leadership experience or be more involved within the College of Education?
 
Consider joining the Akron Council of Education Students (ACES), a student group of current and potential Education students at The University of Akron.
 
ACES is a student organization dedicated to enhancing communications between education students by promoting fellowship and supplement professional training through extra- and co-curricular activities related to education.
 
Past experiences have included participating in Relay for Life and also giving dictionaries to local elementary schools in a partnership with the Rotary Club.
 
We are currently looking for students to fill leadership positions.
 
For more information, or to join, please contact Dr. Rachel Boit, faculty advisor, at boit@uakron.edu., Don't let your attire quash your hopes for that big job.  Did you know that "business attire" for ladies means dark coordinated suits, properly fitted with matching dress blouse, and neutral colored pantyhose!  For men, it means a suit ... and leave that glow-in-the-dark tie at home.  Get more tips to help improve your job prospects at the Career Center on campus!, Preparation is half the battle.  Be prepared for your upcoming job search by attending "Best Practices for Conducting an Education Job Search."  Thursday, Oct. 30, 4:00PM - 7:00 p.m.  You must RSVP with Career Center by Oct. 23!  Contact the Career Center for more information:  career@uakron.edu, Students, if you are a new user of Tk20 this semester, watch your email for a message that will contain your username and password.  It should arrive in the next few days.  Tk20 assistance is available in person in Central Hower 312 from 8 am to 5 pm (M-F), or you can request help on our website:  http://www.uakron.edu/education/current-students/tk20/index.dot, The College of Education extends heartfelt condolences to the family of Dr. Marion A. Ruebel, who passed away on September 28.  Dr. Ruebel wore many hats at the University over the years, including professor and assistant dean of the College of Education.  We are grateful for his dedication and leadership.  

http://www.uakron.edu/im/news/marion-ruebel-dies-at-81/ , Jackhammers could be heard echoing in Zook Hall today as construction crews work to transform it into a beautiful, state-of-the-art educational facility., It's a beautiful day on campus.  Take time to enjoy the sights and smells of an early autumn day!, Don't forget to vote for Zippy in the Capital One Mascot Challenge!  It's a close race this week, and Zippy needs your help!

https://capitalonemascots.com/mascots/mascot/zippy, Students!  Join other young professionals on Thursday, October 16th (5:30pm) at the Akron Art Museum for an Akron Young Professionals event.  Bring a friend, grab a drink, and connect with non-profits and young professional groups from throughout the Greater Akron area. 

http://ypakron.org/event-1722200, null, null, null, A novice teacher often finds that classroom management is one of the biggest challenges of their young career.  Read these quick classroom management tips from Edutopia.  If you're a seasoned educator, what techniques have you found to be effective in managing behavior in your classroom?

http://www.edutopia.org/blog/classroom-management-tips-novice-teachers-rebecca-alber, Ever have a teacher that inspired you?   What do good teachers do, and why?  What does it take to be a teacher?

Join us for a FREE screening of Davis Guggenheim's acclaimed documentary, "TEACH" on Thursday, November 6 at 6:30.  Location TBA.  Open to current and prospective students, faculty, staff, and alumni!

http://www.uakron.edu/education/teach.dot, Come on, faculty, students, alumni and friends.... Zippy needs us!  Help her defeat UCLA's Joe Bruin in the Capital One Mascot Challenge!  Cast your votes today at https://capitalonemascots.com/mascots/mascot/zippy, Be sure to vote for Zippy in the Capital One Mascot Challenge!!

https://capitalonemascots.com/mascots/mascot/zippy, Attention Spring 2015 Student Teachers!  The link to the student teaching application is now LIVE!  

Go to the Student Teaching website to connect and for more information, including due dates.  http://www.uakron.edu/education/current-students/student-teaching/teaching/applications.dot, Be sure to vote for Zippy today!  , Be sure to cast your vote for Zippy!, A little math humor for all you math teachers ... and/or dog lovers.

https://www.facebook.com/Magic1067/photos/a.474306001426.266967.184540791426/10152595325211427/?type=1, The College of Education move is progressing quite nicely!  Movers have removed any surplus items, taken other things to storage.  Next week (fingers crossed) we start moving furniture and people!  Then the unpacking begins.  Once the dust settles, be sure to come and visit us in our new home at Central-Hower!, Have you heard?  The National Council on Teacher Quality has ranked the undergraduate secondary teacher preparation program at The University of Akron in the top 14 percent nationally!  And all of UA’s teacher preparation programs ranked among the top 26 percent nationally!  

http://www.uakron.edu/education/about-the-college/news-details.dot?newsId=df1811fd-3d32-4c7d-9be7-946044a6bf75&pageTitle=Recent%20Headlines&crumbTitle=In%20preparing%20secondary%20teachers,%20UA%20rates%20‘excellent’, Congratulations to Dr. Jennifer Milam, who has been named Principal of Our Lady of the Elms Elementary School in Akron.  Best of luck, Dr. Milam!

Congratulations are also offered to Dr. Mark Shermis, who is the new Dean of the College of Education at the University of Houston-Clear Lake (TX)., Can you believe it?  The start of Fall semester is just around the corner!  I've always loved the start of a new school year, the sense of starting fresh with new opportunities, new challenges.  Are you looking forward to the new school year?  Maybe this will be your first semester on the UA campus -- are you excited and maybe a little nervous?  Share your reflections with us about the summer and your goals for the coming school year., Attention grammar nerds.... Whether you're a Language Arts teacher, English teacher, or just someone who abhors hearing the English language abused, you might enjoy this parody by "Weird Al" Yankovic, and your students might learn something while they enjoy the catchy music.   

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Gv0H-vPoDc, Parents... Looking for an outstanding preschool experience for your child?  The Center for Child Development at UA is offering early childhood programming options for the coming academic year.  

Our teachers are caring, highly skilled professionals who implement research-based curriculum in fun and engaging ways. Visit our website to learn more.   Discounts available!

http://www.uakron.edu/education/community-engagement/ccd/index.dot, The 2014-15 cohort of Woodrow Wilson Fellows has been announced, and they aren't letting any grass grow under their feet this summer.  The ten new UA Fellows have already begun their intensive one-year preparation program. Meet the 10 Fellows who will be studying here at The University of Akron!

http://www.uakron.edu/education/woodrow-wilson/2014fellows.dot, A few weeks ago we said a fond farewell and best wishes to four   colleagues who were retiring.  This week, we send Cindy Wright, administrative assistant in Student Services, off with our best wishes for a happy, healthy retirement.  Thank you, Cindy, for your 20 years of service to the University, the College, and our students.  We will miss you!, Congratulations to the Center for Child Development Class of 2014!  Commencement was held on Friday, May 16, for 17 graduates who will be moving on to Kindergarten in the Fall.  We are proud of you!, The College of Education is pleased to welcome Dr. Scott Scarborough as The University of Akron's 16th President!  Welcome to our newest Zip!  
http://www.uakron.edu/bot/16th-president.dot, We'd like to wish Dr. Evangeline Newton, Dr. Ruth Oswald, Mrs. Deborah Walker, and Mrs. Margo Kernen a Happy Retirement!  Thank you for your many years of service to the field of education and your dedication to our students!, Have you heard the news?  The College of Education will be moving to a temporary location in the Central-Hower building while Zook Hall undergoes a MAJOR renovation. Office moves are expected to take place in mid to late summer 2014.  But don't worry.... All student services will be maintained during the transition and our phone numbers will remain the same.  Stay tuned for updates!, Our own Kevin Tondra was honored as this year's Contract Professional recipient of the Exemplary University Service Award.  Tondra, an academic advisor, has had a positive impact on thousands of students who have graduated over the years with a degree in education.  He is pictured here surrounded by his colleagues in the Student Services office.  Congratulations and thank you, Kevin!, Don't miss an exclusive opportunity featuring Jim Tressel, Jim Dennison, and seven collegiate head football coaches from Northeast Ohio!

The Winner's Manual and Leadership and Coaching
May 20, 21, 27, and 28

This is an exciting new hybrid course.  Seats are extremely limited.  Sign up today!

http://www.uakron.edu/uabs/, COE student Justin Foster, AYA social studies major, has been selected for the 2014 James J. Sheehan Pre-Service Social Studies Educator Award by the Ohio Council for the Social Studies.  He was nominated for this award by Dr. Brad Maguth, based on his scholarship, professionalism, and talents as student and a student-teacher.  Congratulations, Justin!, Are there any COE students on an ASB trip this week? We'd love to hear from you!, Thought this was a nice sentiment this morning!, Saw this and thought of all of our teachers and student teachers :)

, null, How do things like safer classrooms, cliques, shift in happiness and humbling go together? Watch this video to find out. #randomactsofkindness, Our student teachers are making a difference at Franklin Elementary School in Wadsworth. Check out this article!, null, Teachers and student teachers....what do you think of this school cancellation? ;)
, Congratulations to the COE honorees for the 22nd Annual Distinguished Education Alumni and Faculty Awards Dinner!, The National Gallery of Art will offer a six-day seminar to help K–12 teachers (of all subjects) strengthen their knowledge of art history while integrating visual art into classroom teaching. The program features lectures, gallery tours, teaching strategies, and hands-on learning experiences., One of our own COE students, Elliot Georgiadis, Honors AYA Social Studies major, will be in the SuperBowl commercial this weekend! Check it out :)
, Student teachers, have you been called off for snow days? We'd love to hear your stories :), Spectacular news from The University of Akron College of Education Center for Literacy!, "Because at the end of the day, what really matters is YOU. What matters to those kids that sit before you in those little chairs, legs pressed up tight under tables oft too small- what matters to them is you.", Shout out to all of our student teachers on their first day in the field! Good luck!, Shout it out if you are graduating tonight!, null, Need a little stress relief in this week before exams?

Bierce Library is offering Dog Therapy and free coffee during pre-Finals week!

http://www.uakron.edu/libraries/about/news/news-detail.dot?inode=493e91f6-0b0b-4936-9925-252dd022d8d3, What is the best and worst education news of 2013?  One veteran teacher offers his opinion in "The Answer Sheet":  http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/answer-sheet/wp/2013/11/29/best-and-worst-education-news-of-2013/

What's your opinion?, Every day brings blessings, large and small.  A safe trip home on a snowy day.  A friend calling to say hello.  A new job, or retirement from a long-held job.  Sunshine after a stormy night.  Our military, who sacrifices much to protect our freedom.  Take a moment to think of all you're thankful for this year and then say thank you.  

Happy Thanksgiving to all!, The 11th Annual Sport Studies Career Conference is coming up on Friday, November 22 from 9:00 - 2:00.  If you're a sport studies major, be sure to stop by Infocision 5th Floor to hear the keynote speakers, network with professionals in the field and grab a free breakfast or lunch!  Free admission and no registration required!, The Summit County Educational Service Center has announced their All-County Teaching Team and the 2013 Teacher of the Year.  Congratulations to Donna Houston, a business teacher from Twinsburg City Schools and a graduate of the College of Education!

Also announced was the Rookie of the Year, Daniel Vincent, an intervention specialist from Barberton City Schools.

Congratulations to nominees and award winners!

http://www.uakron.edu/education/teaching-team.dot, Congratulations to the Zips Men's Soccer Team for its 10th MAC Tournament title!  Next stop:  NCAA Tournament!

http://www.gozips.com/sports/msoc/2013-14/releases/201311179y86h3, From Edutopia... Best Resources for High School (Math) Educators

http://www.edutopia.org/blog/common-core-math-high-school-matt-davis, An interesting read in today's Cleveland Plain Dealer on the Common Core Standards.  Share your thoughts.

http://www.cleveland.com/metro/index.ssf/2013/11/new_education_standards_known.html, More news about our alumni!

Terry Gould will speak at the Veteran's Day Celebration on the UA campus on Monday, November 11.

http://www.uakron.edu/im/online-newsroom/news_details.dot?newsId=626a6233-7fe3-4bb8-a4e4-08d3cad1a5b9&crumbTitle=Veterans%20Celebration:%20A%20week%20to%20honor%20service%20and%20sacrifice, Have you heard the news?  Our graduates are in it!

http://fox8.com/2013/10/22/kenny-learns-the-fine-art-of-pumpkin-carving/, Congratulations to Debra McDonald, a 1994 graduate of the College of Education, who has been named the Ohio Teacher of the Year. She is a childhood education instructor at Wayne County Career Center.  Kudos!

http://www.ohio.com/news/local-educator-receives-ohio-teacher-of-the-year-award-1.442931#.UnuXGBHlr18.email, Alumnus and English teacher Joe Rock was recently chosen as a Pay It Forward recipient by Fox 8 in Cleveland.  And then, to no one's surprise, he chose to pay it forward himself!  Check out the video below. Way to go, Joe!, Don't miss it!

Best Practices for Conducting an Education Job Search?

Tuesday, October 22, 2013
Student Union Ballrooms

At 4:00 will be a presentation by a school superintendent on the the ins and outs of the job search and interviews

Mock interviews will begin at 5:00 pm. Students MUST sign up for these interviews. Interviews will be conducted by education professionals who recruit in the field. This is excellent practice and great networking for students to participate.

To register, call the Career Center at (330) 972-7747 or stop by 211 Student Union to reserve a spot today!, With brooms in hand, College of Education students and academic advisers participated in a cleanup service project in a local neighborhood on Thursday.  Way to go!, Your future is calling!  

http://video.takepart.com/previews/dBKyFef4-egBGmp09, Some additional links for TEACH.  Download TEACH on iTunes!

https://itunes.apple.com/us/tv-season/teach/id694382981?showLC=true, How many of you watched Davis Guggenheim's powerful documentary, "TEACH," tonight?  If you are a teacher, are you struggling to help students who are performing below grade level?  If you are a preservice teacher, were you inspired by the stories that were shared?  Share your thoughts with us. 

Be sure to check out their website:  http://www.takepart.com/teach, STREAMING NOW! Drs. Hal Foster and Brad Maguth are talking about their awesome project to help America's unseen children. Simply awesome.

http://www.akronnewsnow.com/wakrLIVE.html, Awesome! Thanks for the shout out, UA!, Teachers! Join the Barker Center for Economic Education on Saturday, September 28th as they present an Entrepreneurship Workshop. The workshop will provide educators with free resources and a framework for teaching entrepreneur skills in the classroom. Please see the attached flyer for more details. We'd love to see you!, Happy first day of school!, The COE is ready to meet our incoming freshmen today at New Roo weekend! You are going to have a sweet treat with us this morning :), Welcome new students! We are very excited for Monday :), Exciting announcement! Jim Tressel will team-teach a course on coaching through the COE's Sport Science and Wellness Education Department. Click the link below for more information!, Congratulations graduates!, Start spreading the news! Have your friends like our page.....can we make it to 700 likes by next week?!, New education job posted on RooLink! Please click the link below to see the position available at The Charles School in Columbus, OH for a Spanish teacher. 

https://uakron-csm.symplicity.com/students/, Congratulations to College of Education alumna Carrie Knapp who has been named the new assistant principal at Highland High School. Kudos!!, The College of Education is in need of volunteers for one hour on Friday, August 23rd from 10-11 a.m. to help welcome hundreds of new freshmen to our college for New Roo weekend. This is a fun weekend designed to get our new students energized and ready for fall.

If you can take part in this student panel or need more information, please contact Betsy Kerns at 330-972-2618 or bas9@uakron.edu., Childcare Professional job fair this Wednesday!, Congrats to early childhood education major Amy Rogers, who is part of the Pro Football Hall of Fame's 2013 Queen's Court! Amy will be escorting enshrinee Dave Robinson throughout the Enshrinement Festival. Learn more about her in this interview: http://ow.ly/nfsTa, Calling education majors! Summit for Kids is looking for volunteers on 8/17. This event will be held at the Knight Center in downtown Akron and provides educational resources to Akron families. They are looking for volunteers to work on early childhood educational activities for families. 
 
Summit for Kids is Saturday, August 17, 2013.  We need volunteers to work one of two shifts:  9:00-12:30 or 12:30-4:00. If you are interested in volunteering, please contact Kristen Evans at kevans1000@yahoo.com., Tag yourself if you were in the Introduction to Education or Education Psychology course during Summer I. "My Teaching Identity" was a great project!

http://www.uakron.edu/education/current-students/inspiration.dot
 , null, RooLink has two jobs posted for Intervention Specialists....go to the link and check them out!, The COE welcomes back Cedric Chrisostome, a Franco-American Teachers in Training alum, who has joined the Zips volleyball staff. Chrisostome spent the spring of 2009 at UA taking classes while teaching physical education at nearby Stow-Munroe Falls High School and assisting with the girls' volleyball program.

Congratulations!, Our Woodrow Wilson Fellows are doing great things this summer....check out this story and the photos!, null, Still time to register to learn to create ebooks for your classroom! Sign up for our #UAebk summer graduate offering! 
http://icont.ac/1PUQa, Congratulations to COE alumna Renee Foerster who was named the new principal at Arrowhead Primary School. Love seeing our alumni in the news!, The COE has just received a request from a family looking for a tutor to help with English writing skills. This would be a year-round writing tutor. If you are interested, please contact Jason Woodruff at jhw4@zips.uakron.edu. Thanks!, Congratulations to College of Education students Rochelle Gove, Katlen Bell and Nicole Dannery who received grants from Medina County Chapter of Delta Kappa Gamma, Women's International Education Honorary Society!, Summer Visit Day! Thanks to sophomore education student, Lexi, for showing our new Roos around :), Current students! Stan Hywet Hall is looking for education majors! Click the link below and type in the key word "Stan Hywet.", We are talking Project-based learning - have you ever used this in your classrooms? Dr. Ramlo, with the COE, was quoted in the article!, “I want to be a teacher because I have been inspired by my teachers and I would like to inspire others in the same way.” Read on to learn how this student has viewed his Akron Experience as he finishes his COE degree.

http://www.uakron.edu/im/online-newsroom/news_details.dot?newsId=07cc9718-e0ca-4cec-9102-8c07f6652e48&pageTitle=Top%20Story%20Headline&crumbTitle=Gregory%20Sauline%20marches%20to%20the%20beat%20of%20his%20own%20drum%20%E2%80%94%20literally, Check out page 8 of ConnectED - it's all about online degrees for adults in Ohio through the COE. Our college is leading the way!, Congratulations to Dr. Susan G. Clark who has been named the interim dean of the College of Education!, A COE alumna teaches.....just in a different classroom., Here is how a few local teachers are spending their summer vacations. How is your summer vacation going so far?, RooLink has just posted job opportunities for Breakthrough Charter Schools. Check them out!, Kudos to Corwyn Collier, a 2012 COE graduate,  for receiving the 2013 Dr. James Sheehan Award for Pre-Service Social Studies Teachers. The award from the Ohio Council for the Social Studies goes yearly to university students who demonstrate leadership and passion in bringing social studies to life for students. Congratulations Corwyn!, 7-12 Integrated Science position just posted in RooLink. Check it out!, null, The 2013 cohort of Woodrow Wilson Fellows was announced yesterday. Meet the UA Fellows!

http://www.uakron.edu/education/woodrow-wilson/2013fellows.dot, Help us celebrate Dr. Mary Jo MacCracken who has been with the University for 45 years! Read on for her inspiration!

https://www.uakron.edu/education/about-the-college/maccracken_service.dot, Congratulations to the 11 Woodrow Wilson Ohio Fellows who were celebrated today for being chosen for this elite opportunity. Stay tuned for bios and stories on all of the Fellows!, We would love for you to share your graduation pictures with us! Less than two hours to go!, Congratulations to the 420 students who will be earning their degrees today. The College of Education is proud of your accomplishments!, One final thank you letter to share. This one was sent to our Student Teacher Liaison, Barb Baltrinic: "I owe you a heartfelt thank you for getting me the student teaching gig last year. You must have contacted four or five districts in the area I wanted to teach, and you were able to place me just before I needed to start! I just wanted you to know that I have not forgotten you!", To cap off Teacher Appreciation Week, here is a snippet of a letter that was sent to Ms. Debbie Walker, an instructor in our Curricular and Instructional Studies department: "Out of any professor I've had, I don't think I've appreciated one as much as you. Thank you again for all of your wisdom and inspiration. It has helped me transition from being scared to confident in the classroom.", It's lunchtime! Grab a BOGO burrito for being a teacher!, Share if this is how you feel!, Happy Teacher Appreciation Week! Is there a teacher who has made an impact on your life? Post your story here!, Free Chipotle for Teacher Appreciation Day this coming Tuesday!, Happy last day of classes!, Thank you to the UA international students who helped to make a difference in the lives and minds of Barberton High School students last week!, Last week of classes! How's it going for you?!, Happy birthday!, null, International students from UA spoke to a high school social studies class this morning at Barberton High School. Watch for the story in the Akron Beacon Journal!, 2013 College of Education Distinguished Alumni and Faculty Awards, A recent COE graduate has been interviewed for Men's Fitness magazine. His inspiring story is making headlines!, null, Check out our student teacher spotlight. Stephanie will be headed to South Africa upon graduation for a job as a Mathematics Education Program Specialist.  Congratulations, Stephanie!, null, Tonight we recognize our outstanding alumni as well as our distinguished faculty members, Dr. Jenn Milam and Dr. Ingrid Weigold!, Jacob Bane, an alumnus from the Instructional Technology program, gives his thoughts on his time in the COE. Check out his video!

http://www.uakron.edu/education/academic-programs/EFL/programs/IT/bane-testimonial.dot, Kaleigh LaRiche, a Woodrow Wilson fellow in UA’s College of Education, is featured in a U.S. News and World Report!, Way to go Shawn! She was in our first cohort of Woodrow Wilson Fellows!, Two of our Sport Science graduates invented an app for weightlifting....check it out!, null, Dover City Schools just posted a high school instrumental/marching band director and high school math teacher position.  Log on to https://uakron-csm.symplicity.com/students/ for more details and correct application process., E-Docs Announces Spring Brown-Bag Series

“Managing Your Dissertation Committee”
Wednesday, March 20    Noon to 1 PM
Zook Hall 430
 
“Creating a Scholarly Vita & Writing a Letter of Application”
Wednesday, April 17      4 pm-5 pm
Zook 430
 
“Keeping the Writing Momentum Going During the Summer”
Wednesday, May 1    noon-1 pm
Zook 430
 
 
Bring your lunch.  Light refreshment or dessert provided.
FREE to all students and faculty but registration appreciated.
Register at snk@uakron.edu, Whoa! Just noticed we only need three more likes to hit 600! Can we do it?! Please share with your friends!, null, ACES in the news! Thanks to all of the education students who are working on this great initiative.

http://www.ohio.com/news/local/rotary-club-ua-unite-to-promote-child-literacy-in-akron-schools-1.379490, Kudos to ACES (Akron Council of Education Students) and the Akron Rotary as they passed out dictionaries to 75 third graders at case Elementary. By the end of their project, ALL third graders in Akron Public Schools will have their own dictionary! That's more than 1,600 third graders! Great job!, The COE and our partnership with the STEM middle and high schools are in the news! Have you had any experience at teaching at one, or both, of these schools?, All Campus Career Day!, null, The STEM school in Rootstown in hiring!, null, null, Valentine's Day Checkup! You and your sweetie can have a FREE one-hour consultation with one of our graduate students. Call 330-972-6822 to make your appointment!, What do you love about the College of Education?, Our graduates do some awesome things in their classrooms!, We are very proud to announce that four of our professors have been selected as the Top 22 Education Professors in Ohio by Online Schools in Ohio! Kudos to professors Jim Rogers, Lynn Kline, Sharon D. Kruse, and Susan Clark! 

http://onlineschoolsohio.com/top-college-professors-in-ohio/education/, We are grateful to have Jenn Milam as part of our faculty!, "Dr. Hal Foster in the College of Education changed my life and helped me to succeed as a K-12 educator and university professor. He was always energetic when teaching and was innovative in implementing the technology and modeling inquiry-based teaching methods. He inspired his undergraduate students, future English teachers, to be creative in real-world settings including the classroom."
- Marian Maxfield '01, Soon-to-be student teachers! Please read this article by Ashley Zehel, a 2012 COE grad. Her student teaching experience abroad was exceptional - and yours can be too! We are excited to announce a new opportunity to student teach in Germany this fall! Please call 330-972-2770 to learn more., A beautiful tribute to Dr. Jim Rogers from one of our professors, Dr. Renee Mudrey-Camino: Today is my first day of a new semester. I always love this day meeting new students. I am sad my friend isn't here to do what he was absolutely incredible at...inspiring his students to reach that which they thought was impossible and to improve the world for those with issues related to mental health. I dedicate this semester to Dr. Jim Rogers. May I be half the educator, scholar and mentor you were Jim., It is with great sadness that we announce the passing of Dr. James (Jim) Rogers, who had been dealing with a terminal illness. He was a mentor, teacher, colleague, friend, and a prolific researcher. He contributed richly to the suicidality field and his work was well known on the local, state and national levels. He will be missed by many., Good luck to our 178 student teachers on their first day in the class! Please let us know how it goes!, Thanks to our sponsors for FLL: Dominion Foundation Time Warner Cable, Akron Community Foundation, A. Schulman, Inc. and Rockwell Automation. YOU are helping to make this event a success!, We are here at UA bright and early on FLL day! Please read the story below to get a flavor for this great event. This is a wonderful collaboration between the Colleges of Education and Engineering!, The Colleges of Education and Engineering are joining forces again to host the second annual FIRST Lego League District Tournament this weekend!

This is a wonderful program in which middle school students engage in STEM learning and gain valuable experience in collaboration and team building.  Keep an eye out for pictures this weekend!, "My professor in the College of Education was Dr. Gertrude Badger. She made us think, reason and set a creative place to learn. She also made us realize the critical nature of nurturing reading for all students."
- Jean Farinacci '68, null, We are happy to say that one of the two Fulbright scholars on campus is our very own! Kudos to Dr. Susan Olson with the COE!

http://www.ohio.com/news/local/cleveland-state-among-national-leaders-in-fulbright-scholars-1.358262, Our deepest condolences and heartfelt thoughts go out to those affected by the terrible tragedy in Newtown, CT., As the semester comes to a close, we would like to extend a gracious THANK YOU to all of the students who help to make our college run smoothly. Our student and graduate assistants, in all departments, are invaluable to us! LIKE this if you agree!, A pic of our wonderful student assistants. We are very grateful to have all of their help!, It's finals week! What was your biggest accomplishment this semester... an A on a paper, a cool research project, something else?, Second day of finals.....how is it going?!, Education alumnus Michael Ankrom, who teaches government at Manchester High School, was named Teacher of the Year during the Summit County Education Celebration. Kudos Mr. Ankrom!, Kudos to alumna Lori Morton on being named the Suburbanite’s featured teacher of the month! 

http://www.thesuburbanite.com/features/x1783180031/Lifelong-resident-gives-back-in-the-classroom, Corporations sink millions into wellness programs that don't work. Read how researchers in the COE, along with other UA researchers, have devised a novel design for future wellness programs. The National Science Foundation praised the proposal and awarded them $1.3 million to test and validate the Personal Wellness Management System. 
, Congratulations to Dr. Renee Mudrey-Camino for receiving the Fall Favorite Faculty award from the National Residence Hall Honorary!, Corwyn Collier, a student teacher and soon-to-be graduate of the COE, was featured in the Akron Beacon Journal today. Take some time to check out his story and why he wants to be a teacher!, At a White House ceremony on November 19, COE alumnus G. Kwame Scruggs ’91 ’92, founder and executive director of the Northeast Ohio based non-profit organization, Alchemy Inc., was honored by First Lady Michelle Obama with the National Arts & Humanities Youth Program Award.  Alchemy was chosen from a pool of more than 350 nominations and 50 finalists and was 1 of 12 other programs to receive an award. www.uakron.edu/education
, The Center for Child Development, in conjunction with the School of Speech Language Pathology and Audiology, is hosting a presentation on Hearing Loss Prevention in Children. This event will take place on Thursday, November 15, from 6:00-7:00 p.m. at the Center for Child Development (108 Fir Hill). For reservations, please contact the Center at (330) 972-8210 or by email: uaccd@uakron.edu, Corwyn Collier, a student teacher at Springhill Junior High, spoke to the seventh and eighth grade classes today about what it was like to be a wounded veteran. Corwyn spent five months in Iraq before he was injured by an IED. He then spent nine months at Walter Reed Hospital. His message to students, "do not let your current situation dictate your future.” Watch for a story on this soon! THANK YOU for your service, Corwyn., Our COE Outreach staff are taking part in the Ohio School Board Association Conference today. They are talking about COE programs and offering graduate credit. We ♥ spreading the word on our awesome programs!, Check out this blog......I found this to be very inspiring from one of our professors in the COE: Teachers Matter: From a Forever Grateful Student, The COE collaborates with the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum!, We are proud of our student teachers! Check out this story on Steve Yoak who is helping to teach his class about philanthropy., Keep up with Brian Dudek, our student teacher in Germany!

https://blogs.uakron.edu/window-to-germany/2012/09/, Words are so powerful. Read on to see how you can positively and negatively affect your students., Suicide Prevention Workshop this Saturday: What Veterans, Service Personnel and Reservists Need to Know., Interesting research regarding students and Twitter., Major kudos to the members of the Association for Educating Young Children who recently gathered to make colorful fleece blankets for children experiencing homelessness.

Project RISE (Realizing Individual Strength Through Education), which is managed by Debra Manteghi a COE alumni board member, is a collaborative effort by Akron Public Schools, local homeless shelters and the community. The federally funded organization’s mission is to provide supplemental educational services. Project RISE served 997 of these students last school year. Awesome!, Kudos to COE senior Steven Yoak, who is doing his student teaching this semester. He has started a pop-tab collection for the Ronald McDonald House in Akron. He teaches six classes and each is competing against each other to collect tabs. The class that collects the most pop tabs by Oct. 19 wins a Red Lobster luncheon!

THANK YOU to the Red Lobster in Montrose for donating the entire meal to one class. Currently they have collected over 160,000 pop tabs. We can't wait to hear the final tally!, The Department of Counseling is offering a Suicide Prevention Workshop for military personnel, veterans, reservists, and their families and friends. This seminar is FREE of charge. Please click the link for more information and to register., Good luck to everyone running the UA5K today!, The COE helped to dedicate the new STEM High School last night. Alumnus Larry Johnson, Jr. is the principal of this innovative school.

http://www.wkyc.com/news/story.aspx?storyid=262893, Our alumni have kicked the fall semester off right! We are proud to announce a 221% increase in participation for alumni giving. We would like to thank those who have given, and would encourage others to consider making a contribution to support our leaders of tomorrow. 

http://www.uakron.edu/development/waystogive/, null, null, Our student blog is now up! Click the link below to read "Window to Germany." Follow Brian on his student teaching journey in Ansbach, Germany, on a U.S. Army Base. We would love your feedback!

http://www.uakron.edu/education/, We would love to see you at UA on Display this Saturday! Come see the COE at our booth!, On your marks....get set....ZIP! The Department of Sport Science and Wellness Education, the Sport Science Academy and Student Recreation and Wellness Services present the 2nd annual University of Akron Homecoming UA 5K!, E-Docs presents “I think I can, I think I can, I think I can…..”
Strategies for Successfully Completing Your Ph.D.
 
This will be an interactive panel discussion featuring three of our own COE doctoral students. 
 
Thursday, September 27
6:30 to 8:30 PM
Zook Hall Room 1
 
Light refreshments will be served., null, Student teachers - how has the first week in the field been? We'd love to hear your feedback!, This student had his first day of student teaching yesterday......in Germany! Brian will be blogging about his experiences this semester, stay tuned!, Happy first day of school! Which class are you looking forward to?!, Are you ready for school on Monday?!, null, Today begins student move-in. Welcome to The University of Akron! GO ZIPS!, The Center for Literacy is looking for a graduate assistant for the 2012-2013 academic year. More information available at the link below., “I’ve come to a frightening conclusion that I am the decisive element in the classroom. It’s my personal approach that creates the climate. It’s my daily mood that makes the weather. As a teacher, I possess a tremendous power to make a child’s life miserable or joyous. I can be a tool of torture or an instrument of inspiration. I can humiliate or heal. In all situations, it is my response that decides whether a crisis will be escalated or de-escalated and a child humanized or dehumanized.”
― Haim G. Ginott, Akron Ready Steps, a program on early literacy skills and kindergarten readiness developed by UA education researchers Lisa Lenhart, director of the Center for Literacy in UA’s COE, and Jeremy Brueck, doctoral student, is featured in an Akron Beacon Journal article. Great stuff!, Congratulations, graduates!, null, We have new colors available in the COE t-shirts! Get yours today...only $5., Help Summit County Children Services provide
basic school supplies to needy area children!, Check out the interview Dr. Evonn Welton gave on Channel 3 this weekend regarding the third grade reading guarantee:

http://bit.ly/Pe1tgH, null, Listen LIVE now to Dr. Evonn Welton discussing the third grade reading guarantee!

http://wakr.net/, Congratulations to Malia Milec Tschantz, a teacher at Miller South in Akron, who received the Conrad C. Ott Scholarship from the COE. Tschantz is pursuing a master’s in elementary education. 

For more information on the Ott Fund, please visit http://www.uakron.edu/education/alumni-and-friends/ott-fund.dot, Tune into Channel 3 this morning between 9 - 9:30 to see the College of Education discussing a very hot topic: the third grade reading guarantee. News clip to follow!, We have launched a new video portion to our website. Check back often - videos are always being added!

http://www.uakron.edu/education/videos.dot, COE alumnus Jim Tressel with some of our amazing students!, null, Our COE t-shirts are flying out the door! Shirts are $5 each and can be purchased in Zook 207. We would love to see you wearing your shirt! Post your picture on our page :), Stacey Buser, clinical instructor in the Sport Science and Wellness Education department, recently won a piece of Game Ready equipment while attending the National Athletic Training Association Annual Meeting. The Game Ready System is an advanced cold and compression regimen that can help reduce pain, swelling, tissue damage and muscle spasms.
 
Way to go Stacey!, Yetty Michael, director of the Center for Child Development through the COE, traveled to China to discuss best practices and learn about the Chinese child care system., COE t-shirts are now available for $5 each!, The Center for Literacy, through the COE, recently hosted Camp DigiLit for children. Read all about this innovative camp!

http://www.akronist.com/Schools/Camp-Digi-Lit-sparks-youth-creativity-mystery-solving.html, Our College of Education annual magazine is HERE! Look inside to learn about the happenings of our college over the past year. We'd love to hear your feedback!

http://bit.ly/2012coemagazine, The National Charitable Foundation of the United States Tennis Association announced it has awarded a $10,000 grant to the COE's PACE program. PACE - Physical Activity/Tennis and Character/Health/Nutrition Education - is a six-week in-school program that teaches tennis to disadvantaged, special-needs youth from Akron Public Schools.

Kudos to Dr. Mary Jo MacCracken for again receiving this grant!, Check out the latest edition of the COE Communique - now in our new format!

http://bit.ly/coejuly, null, Our student assistants are wonderful! This is Jessica, Janine and Samantha showing their COE pride after running a 5K!, Wow. Dr. Howard from UCLA brought down the house at the Center for Urban and Higher Education institute. Very thought-provoking. Let us know your thoughts after you attend!, The Center for Urban and Higher Education's summer institute, Transforming Urban Education: Urban Learners Matter, is about to kick off! More than 200 attendees will hear Dr. Tyrone Howard speak in just a few minutes!

http://www.uakron.edu/education/community-engagement/cuhe/index.dot, Check out the blog for DigiCamp - a summer camp all about technology for teachers! Participants will be sharing text, pictures, video and audio on this blog. This is just one more cool and exciting piece of news coming out of the COE and Center for Literacy! 


http://digicampua.tumblr.com/, The Summer issue of Akron magazine has been printed and should be mailed later this week! Be sure to check back throughout the week for magazine related polls and more sneak peeks!, What a beautiful day on campus at UA!, We are working on our COE summer newsletter - alumni, do you have any news you would like publicized?!, Congratulations to COE alumnus Larry Johnson Jr. who will be the principal of Akron's new STEM High School!

http://akronnewsnow.com/news/local/item/39645-new-aps-stem-high-principal-named ., More news coming from a study headed by Dean Mark D. Shermis of the COE. What are your thoughts?

http://n.pr/KkRWkq, Congratulations to Dr. Susan Olson, associate dean of the COE, on being selected for a 2012 Fulbright International Education Administrators grant to Germany!, The second cohort of Woodrow Wilson Teaching Fellows was announced yesterday. We are very excited to be on the cutting edge of this great Fellowship!

http://www.dispatch.com/content/blogs/the-eteam/2012/05/woodrow-wilson.html, Thanks to the Office of Student Teaching and the Office of Outreach for hosting Allen Elementary sixth graders today to our beautiful campus. We are trying to show all students that college is within their grasp!, Akron Ready Steps extends a big thank you to the Akron Summit Community Action, Inc., Head Start teachers and Head Start teacher assistants for their hard work and dedication in the Akron Ready Steps program insuring that young students received high quality literacy programming throughout this last school year. THANK YOU!!, Explore, Discover, Create at Camp Digi-Lit: Register your second through eighth grader by May 31 to ensure a spot at camp. Camp dates are June 18-22 and June 25-29. Click the link below for more information!

Campers will spend a week using their imagination and exploring the world of writing and solving mysteries. They will learn from professional writers and educators how to use computer-based software to help them write, edit, and publish their own digital mystery. At the end of the week, each camper will take home his/her mystery to share with family and friends. 

, Exciting news coming from the COE!

http://bit.ly/npdgrant, Looking for help from our alumni!

The COE is participating in a national survey of graduates of initial teacher preparation programs. The results of this survey will be used both nationally and locally to determine best practices for preparing future teachers.

The survey is web-based and will require 10-15 minutes to complete. After completion, you may opt to enter your email address into a drawing for an Amazon.com gift card.

http://bit.ly/alumniakron


If you have any questions about the survey, please contact Dr. Julie Gedeon at gedeon1@uakron.edu or 330-972-6661.
, null, Check out the COE's latest news!

http://bit.ly/commmay, null, null, null, Let us know how graduation went for you!, We are so proud of our alumni!

http://www.ohio.com/news/local/wadsworth-elementary-principal-wins-state-award-1.304270, LIKE this status if you are graduating this weekend!!, Congratulations to our newly promoted and tenured faculty in the
College of Education. These were approved today at the Board of Trustees meeting. 
 
Promotion to Professor
Sean X. Cai, Sport Science & Wellness Education
Sandra C. Coyner, Education Foundations & Leadership
  
Tenure & Promotion to Associate Professor
Cheryl L. Ward, Education Foundations & Leadership

KUDOS!, Looking for help from our alumni!

The COE is participating in a national survey of graduates of initial teacher preparation programs.  The results of this survey will be used both nationally and locally to determine best practices for preparing future teachers.  

The survey is web-based and will require 10-15 minutes to complete. After completion, you may opt to enter your email address into a drawing for an Amazon.com gift card.  

http://www.eduventures.com/surveys/Akron

If you have any questions about the survey, please contact Dr. Julie Gedeon at gedeon1@uakron.edu or 330-972-6661.



, A.L.i.C.E. training will be held Wed., May 9 at 11 a.m. in the Student Union Room 335.  A.L.i.C.E. stands for Alert, Lockdown, Inform, Counter, and Evacuate. This nationally-renowned training was developed following examination of school shootings, such as the one that occurred on April 20, 1999 at Columbine High School in Colorado. UAPD has adopted the program and has trained more than 10,000 student and staff members, teaching the proactive measures that people can take when faced with an assailant entering a building or classroom. 

Please rsvp by Friday, May 4th to  Margo Kernen at mkernen@uakron.edu if you are interested in attending., It's finals week! What are you doing to prepare?, Come learn about robotics programs through FIRST® and how you can be involved!
Saturday, May 5
10-11:30 a.m.
The University of Akron Student Union, third floor
Sponsored by the College of Education and the College of  Engineering.

http://www.uakron.edu/education/roundup.dot, Register now for Using Google Docs in the Collaborative Classroom - Saturday, May 19, 2012 10-2 - Zook 1 @uakron bit.ly/uWnuRN, Tonight we celebrate our spring graduates! Will you be there?, null, Mark Shermis, dean of the COE, is the principal investigator for a nationwide study released Thursday that concludes that automated essay scoring is as good as that of trained human graders.  , Congratulations to all of our distinguished alumni and faculty members who received awards from the COE last night. It was a wonderful evening of celebrating our educators!, COE students are changing lives! Please read this article regarding this innovative program that Dr. Hal Foster has nurtured for the past 20 years. We truly have amazing faculty members who care about the future of education. 

http://bit.ly/fostermentor, E-Docs Event, Wednesday, April 25        
6:00 to 8:00 p.m. - Zook 1
 
Book Discussion & Conversation about Topics of Timely Interest to Educators
 
Dr. Cheryl Ward
Associate Professor, Instructional Technology
Book Title: Living on the Future Edge: Windows on Tomorrow 
 
Dr. Sandra Coyner
Professor, Higher Education Administration
Book Title: University Inc.:  The Corporate Corruption of Higher Education
 
The first 30 E-Docs Members to RSVP for this event by Wednesday, April 18 will receive a free copy of the discussion book of their choice.
 
RSVP to sarahking1017@gmail.com
Include the title of your book in your email, How are classes going? You are almost at the end of the semester!, null, We only need 8 more people to reach 500 likes!!, The COE's Center for Literacy was part of a great New York Times article on e-books. Read through to see how technology is being introduced into schools!

http://nyti.ms/nytcfl, Check out the latest COE newsletter!

http://bit.ly/marcomm2, NOTED: This is THE career fair for all students/alumni seeking employment in K-12 educational settings. Students and alumni will have the opportunity to network with school districts in Ohio and out-of-state, as well as secure 1:1 interviews with school administrators. Click the link for more information.


http://www.notedjobfair.org/, The UA Alumni Association have been highlighting amazing women who were recognized as Distinguished Alumni by the College of Education for Women’s History Month.  We are so proud of these remarkable women.


http://bit.ly/coewomen, null, null, Help to support the Center for Child Development in a tasty way on Friday, March 30th!, UA Opens Lakewood Branch and Offers AKCEL PD, We hope that you are enjoying your spring break!, AKCEL offers hybrid course at UA Lakewood: Register by May 1!, null, null, null, One of our Woodrow Wilson Fellows led a fun and creative project using duct tape!

http://bit.ly/zUa2IG, For the first time, the NEOTech Conference is extending an invitation to up to 50 students from The University of Akron, College of Education. This is a great opportunity for students to learn about a wide variety of technologies by attending breakout sessions presented by K-12 educators and others from 17 area school districts. 

, Don't have plans this weekend? Head out to the Green Expo!, Check out the link for a great project our COE ACES students are a part of!


http://bit.ly/acesdictionary, Join the College of Education’s Center for Literacy at the 6th Annual Green Expo!  This family and community-friendly event will be held Saturday, March 3, 2012 from 9 a.m. - 3 p.m. at Green High School, 1474 Boettler Rd., Uniontown, Ohio. Click the link for more details., Make sure to tune into Channel 3 News on Monday at 6.....one of our COE students will be featured in a very interesting piece!, null, We are represented at the eTech conference in Columbus!, Today is the last day that our Visiting Scholar for Inclusiveness, Dr. Brenda Allen, will be here. She has brought a wealth of information and thought-provoking discussion. Check out her book at www.differencematters.info, Pledge to read on Wednesday! Place "UA" before your name to be counted. 9th Annual Day of Reading - Wednesday, February 8.
Our goal is to have 100,000 people in Summit County read for half an hour.
Pledge to read here: http://thiscityreads.org/xpledge.asp, Experience the Energy of Innovation - join us at The University of Akron! Thanks for casting YOUR vote to help select UA's Super Bowl ad: commercial one about the contact lens! Learn more about UA's innovation., Attention Families and Friends of the Center for Literacy! 

Tomorrow 10 a.m. - 4 p.m. the Center for Literacy will host an interactive literacy table at the Family Reading Festival held at the Akron-Summit County Main Library. Don't miss out on this FREE event!, COE alumnus Jim Tressel takes VP position at UA. What are your thoughts on this?, Today is the last day to submit your application for the COE's Dean's Dozen. If you would like an application, follow the link below to download.

http://bit.ly/deansdozen12, The COE welcomes Dr. Brenda Allen, associate dean for Long-term Planning and Initiatives at the University of Colorado at Denver, who will serve as the Visiting Scholar for Inclusive Excellence. During her 10 days with the college, she will host a number of sessions about identity, difference, diversity, power and privilege in the context of the work of the College of Education.

To learn more about Allen and her work, please visit http://www.differencematters.info/. Welcome Dr. Allen!, Chase Blackburn, #93 on the New York Giants, is a COE grad. We wish Chase the best in the Super Bowl on Sunday!, Attention students!  Thinking of dropping a class?  The final deadline to withdraw from a class for Spring 2012 is Sunday, February 26!  If you have questions, see your advisor., Thanks to our many alumni and donors who came out to our basketball pre-game party tonight! We have awesome supporters!, Today is the FINAL DEADLINE to apply for a Woodrow Wilson Teaching Fellowship! Finalize and submit your applications by midnight tonight!, Here is another story on "flipped" classrooms. If you read through the article, the percentages of improvement are amazing!! Any thoughts on this article? Could you do this in your classroom?, COE basketball tailgate this weekend! Call 330-972-7270 to reserve your tickets!, Read this great article! The COE and the College of Engineering put this fantastic event on to help promote STEM education in the region.


http://www.ohio.com/news/local/ladies-and-gentlemen-start-your-lego-robots-young-people-compete-in-tournament-1.255348, What an AWESOME event FLL was! Kudos to both the COE and College of Engineering for hosting such an amazing event featuring the bright minds of our local middle schoolers! Pictures and video to follow this week., FIRST Lego League is happening today! Opening ceremonies begin at 9! Right now there are about 200 middle school students here getting ready to put their robots to work. What a fun and educational day!, We now accepting applications for the Spring 2012 Dean’s Dozen opportunity! The Dean's Dozen are exclusive College of Education students chosen from a competitive pool of applicants who represent the Dean's Office through participation in various events throughout the year. Click the link to find out more., First snowy day of the year! Please drive safely and stay warm!, The Clinic for Individual and Family Counseling is accepting new clients for our Spring 2012 semester.  We operate on a sliding fee scale and do not deny services due to an inability to pay.  Additional information can be found on our website:  http://individualandfamilycounseling.uakron.edu/

Currently, we have spots open for individuals of all ages, couples, and families.  In addition, we will be accepting clients for anger management group assessments for the next 2 weeks as our anger management group begins on February 1, 2012. 
 , The FIRST Lego League district tournament is this weekend at UA. The tournament is being put on by the Colleges of Education and Engineering! More than 300 middle school students will be putting STEM education to work., Heard about this today on NPR. What do you think of the "flipped classroom?", Please read the latest edition of the COE Communique! This is our way of staying in touch with our community and sharing our good news.  , Cheer on the men's basketball team with the COE on January 21 as they take on Kent! Click the link below for more details. A limited amount of tickets remain., Welcome back!! Are you ready to start the semester?!, We are anxiously gearing up for the FIRST Lego League district tournament to be held at UA Jan. 14 and 15. The COE is partnering with the College of Engineering to put the tourney together. Stay tuned for more information to come!, From all of us at the College of Education...happy New Year!, Dean Mark D. Shermis and the entire faculty and staff of the COE wish you and yours a safe and enjoyable holiday!, How are you enjoying your winter break?, Share your graduation pictures!, It's graduation day!!!! We are so proud of all of our fall grads!, Please read the story of Deelonna Watson, a master's student in the department of counseling, who will be honored posthumously at graduation tomorrow. She is truly missed., Are you excited for graduation this weekend?! We are!, Our Sport Science and Wellness Education video is complete! Click the link to see what students are saying about this stellar department., The UA Clinic for Individual and Family Counseling, through the COE, is celebrating their 25th anniversary this year! Read on to learn more about this great resource we have on our campus., The College of Education hopes that you have a safe and enjoyable Thanksgiving holiday!, Woodrow Wilson Teaching Fellows from UA shared their experiences working in the Canton City Schools at a district board meeting., Check out our Saturdays at the Center article!

http://www.stemscape.org/devnews/nov3.aspx, Take note! There are at least six fields of study whose graduates are virtually 100 percent employed right now. And two of those fields are offered by the COE: Educational Administration & Supervision and School Student Counseling!, Read the latest news from the COE!, Check out our QR code for a quick link to the COE website., Are you an alum who hasn't updated your info with the Alumni Association? Click the link below and update your UA profile!, What: Sport Studies Career Conference
Where: 7th floor of InfoCision Stadium
When: This Friday, November 18
Cost: Free! Includes Free Breakfast and Lunch!
Schedule:
8:30 a.m. Breakfast
9:00 a.m. Mailynh Vu- Manager, Recruitment Cleveland Indians Baseball
10:00 a.m.- Chad Gerrety- General Manager, Akron IMG College
11:00 a.m. John Carter- Athletic Director & Varsity Baseball Head Coach Fairview High School
12:00 p.m. Lunch
1:00 p.m. Matthew Fahr- Inside Sales Manager Cleveland Cavilers
2:00 p.m. Jennifer Kulics- Senior Associate athletic Director, Kent State University, Our literacy conference begins in an hour! More than 500 educators will be on campus to listen to great speakers, learn great technology tricks and to further themselves as teachers!, Only 40 more "likes" to reach 500! Help to share the news of the COE!, If you were to receive a basket of teacher supplies, what would you want in it?, Meet fellow educators at the Center for Literacy, Zook 1 at The University of Akron for this 4 hour hands-on workshop. Bring your computer loaded with Google Earth or use one of ours for the day., Check out our workshops and professional development opportunities. Graduate credit is available!, Graduating in December? Be sure to apply for graduation asap! 

All outstanding financial obligations (including fines) must resolved prior to graduation. Concerns? Please see Denise Moss in Student Financials or call 330-972-6379., Read this great article about the National Inventor's Hall of Fame STEM school. Afternoon sessions at the school are led by UA teacher education candidates. These pre-service teachers are an integral part of the schools' instructional program., Please watch this great video of Ally Wehmann, a COE grad and Rookie of the Year recipient from the Summit County Educational Service Center. In her video she talks about her first year of teaching and the difficulties she and her class faced when a father of one of her students was killed in Afghanistan. , Join E-Docs for an important event - "Research Conferences – What, Where, and When (and how to get funding to attend!)." Monday, November 7, 6-8 p.m. in Zook 1. Join COE faculty and colleagues for a dynamic hands-on work session to learn more about conferences in your field and the process for preparing and submitting conference proposals. Guest Speaker - Graduate Student Government Treasurer Steven Sedlock “Obtaining Travel Funds.”

BYOD (Bring Your Own Device – laptop, ipad, etc.)

Paid E-Docs Members who attend will be automatically entered into a drawing for cool prizes!

Dinner included in this FREE event. RSVPs appreciated by November 1: amyholl@uakron.edu, null, Check out our welcome video!, The United Way of Summit County is looking for volunteers! They are looking for interested students to stand inside the entrance gate at InfoCision Stadium from 2:30 - 3:45 (kickoff is at 3:30) on Saturday prior to the Zips kicking off and hand out discount coupons. For your good deed you'll get tickets to see the Zips vs. Ohio Bobcats football game! Please contact Mike Gaffney at mgaffney@uwsummit.org., Join the Center for Literacy at the Ninth Annual Healthy Baby Fair & Family Expo THIS Saturday, October 22 from 10:00 am – 4:00 pm at the John S. Knight Convention Center.

This free event provides families and expectant and new parents of infants and toddlers up to age five with information about maternal and child health, healthy homes, safety, and consumer education. Information will be provided about related programs, services, and businesses through interactive visual displays and hands-on activities.

Stop by the Center’s interactive literacy table for parenting resources, as the kids are entertained with storytelling games and activities.

http://www.downtownakron.com/event/9th-annual-healthy-baby-fair-and-family-expo, Please read the blog below which highlights the COE dean, Mark D. Shermis, and his research!, COE alumnus, Larry Morgan, inducted into the Plain Local Schools Foundation/Alumni Association’s Hall of Distinction., Kudos to ten COE grads for being recognized at the Education Celebration hosted by the Summit County Educational Service Center on Monday., Getting ready to do a video shoot highlighting our Sport Science Wellness Education department. If you are in SSWE, what do you like most about their programs?, null, Join E-Docs for an important event - "Research Conferences – What, Where, and When (and how to get funding to attend!)." Monday, November 7, 6-8 p.m. in Zook 1. Join COE faculty and colleagues for a dynamic hands-on work session to learn more about conferences in your field and the process for preparing and submitting conference proposals. Guest Speaker - Graduate Student Government Treasurer Steven Sedlock “Obtaining Travel Funds.”
 

BYOD (Bring Your Own Device – laptop, ipad, etc.)
 
Paid E-Docs Members who attend will be automatically entered into a drawing for cool prizes!
 
Dinner included in this FREE event. RSVPs appreciated by November 1: amyholl@uakron.edu, Tonight we are honoring the Summit County Teaching Team. There are 20 teachers appointed to this team - and 9 are our grads!! The Rookie of the Year is also a COE grad!, Join the Center for Literacy at the Ninth Annual Healthy Baby Fair & Family Expo Saturday, October 22 from 10:00 am – 4:00 pm at the John S. Knight Convention Center. 

This free event provides families and expectant and new parents of infants and toddlers up to age five with information about maternal and child health, healthy homes, safety, and consumer education. Information will be provided about related programs, services, and businesses through interactive visual displays and hands-on activities. 

Stop by the Center’s interactive literacy table for parenting resources, as the kids are entertained with storytelling games and activities. 

http://www.downtownakron.com/event/9th-annual-healthy-baby-fair-and-family-expo
, Join E-Docs for an important event - "Research Conferences – What, Where, and When (and how to get funding to attend!)." Monday, November 7, 6-8 p.m. in Zook 1. Join COE faculty and colleagues for a dynamic hands-on work session to learn more about conferences in your field and the process for preparing and submitting conference proposals.
 
Dinner included in this FREE event.
RSVPs appreciated by November 1:   amyholl@uakron.edu, We are recognizing three faculty members this evening who have been promoted. Congratulations to Dr. Xin Liang, Dr. Ruth Oswald and Dr. John Savery for achieving full professor!, Attention all UA students! Register for the reading conference on 11/11/11 at the student rate of $30! This is a conference not to be missed! Click the link below for more information. Please mark 'UA student" on the registration form. 
, Looking for high-quality childcare? Think about the Center for Child Development on UA's campus. It is an amazing place for children!, If you are on campus today stop by the COE tailgate! We are right next to the rec center :) GO ZIPS!, Homecoming is tomorrow! Are you going?, The Association of Honors Educators is going to have a hats and gloves drive for Leggett Elementary from October 17 - 31.  Boxes will be placed in Zook 207, the Honors Office, Ritchie Residence Hall, and the Source.

AHE is also going to have a fundraiser (all proceeds going towards Leggett) at the Applebee's on Howe Avenue on Tuesday, October 25 from 11-9 with a bake sale from 5 - 8.  Everyone who presents the attached flyer will donate 15% of their bill to our organization., Put your math and science knowledge to work for the students who need you most. Discover the College of Education Woodrow Wilson Ohio Teaching Fellowship.

A representative from the Woodrow Wilson Ohio Teaching Fellowship will be at UA to answer questions and give more information on the Fellowship next Thursday. This session will be open to anyone interested in applying for this prestigious Fellowship.

, We are in the midst of placing 195 student teachers for the spring semester! Are you one of them?!, Put your math and science knowledge to work for the students who need you most.  Discover the College of Education Woodrow Wilson Ohio Teaching Fellowship.
 
A representative from the Woodrow Wilson Ohio Teaching Fellowship will be at UA to answer questions and give more information on the Fellowship in October. This session will be open to anyone interested in applying for this prestigious Fellowship.
, Join the College of Education’s Center for Literacy at the Light-Up Lantern Festival in University Park Saturday, October 8, 2011. The festival brings together the young at heart, both small and large, for a magical night of the lantern parade, music, and visual and performing arts from 6:00 pm – 10:00 pm. This year’s theme is Storybooks. 

Encourage literacy by visiting the Center’s interactive stories activity table and enjoy the other Story Book fun lining the streets with lantern making opportunities, face painting, fortune telling, music, games, food, art and specialty vendors. 

, Reading Conference. 11-11-11. Be there. Call 330-972-7708 for more information., Come to our COE Homecoming tailgate on October 8! Help to cheer on our Zips. Call the Alumni Association at 330-972-7270 to reserve your package TODAY!, null, null, Congratulations to Dr. Sharon Kruse, education professor, for being named president elect of Learning Forward Ohio. This organization is tightly linked to the national Learning Forward organization that is very influential in professional development for teachers and leaders. Congrats Dr. Kruse!, Interesting article from CNN. Have any of you taught or completed your student teaching in a rural setting?, The COE soccer tailgate is this Friday! $20 gets you a ticket to the game and great food. Come cheer on our national champs with the COE. Only 27 tickets remain! Call 330-972-7270 to reserve your tickets., Become a member of E-DOCs, the professional and social organization for doctoral students, doctoral alumni, and faculty in the COE. Follow the link to learn more!, Almost ice cream time! Please join the COE from 3-5 in the lobby of Zook as we welcome back students, staff and faculty. This is a FREE event!, E-DOCs to Host Kick-Off Event!

Join E-DOCs, the professional and social organization for doctoral students and alumni and faculty in the COE, for an evening of technology in action. 

The event will be held from 6-8 PM on September 26 in Zook 401A. Presented by Amy Hollingsworth, Google Certified Educator, and Jeremy Brueck, Web Services Manager at the Akron Center for eLearning.

https://www.uakron.edu/sg/edocs/ 
, Sharon Kruse, education professor, was quoted in an Education Week story on the overhaul of Ohio’s tutoring system. 

http://www.edweek.org/ew/articles/2011/09/04/452511ohohiotutoringoverhaul_ap.html , Dr. Jim Rogers, professor of counseling, talks to Channel 5 about his 9/11 experience. Check out the link AND UA's Center for the History of Psychology., The Center for Literacy will present "Response to Instruction: Strengthening Literacy Programs" at UA on 11.11.11. Keynote speaker is Dr. Richard Allington - this is a MUST ATTEND for educators! Please click the link for more details., We'll all scream for ice cream on Thursday, Sept. 8 as the COE hosts an ice cream social. Stop by the lobby of Zook Hall from 3-5 and enjoy a sweet treat!
, COE alumnus Eric Vizzo is a new associate principal at Wooster High School. , Early decision applications for the prestigious Woodrow Wilson Ohio Teaching Fellowships are due 10.19. Click the link to find out more about this stellar opportunity., Look around Zook - do you notice any "sweet" signs?!, Our men's soccer season-opened with a 5-0 win over Cleveland State. Attendance record set with 5,000+ fans. Join the crowd and the COE for our Alumni and Friends Tailgate on 9.16. Call 330-972-7270 to reserve your tickets! $20 gets you great food and a ticket to the game.
, How is the first week going for everyone??, Dr. Bridgie A. Ford, professor, Department of Curricular and Instructional Studies, and director, Center for Urban and Higher Education gives new students advice on their college careers. Read on!

, Join us for a soccer tailgate on Friday, September 16th! For only $20, you will receive great food and a tickets to cheer on our NATIONAL CHAMPIONS! Call 330-972-7270 to reserve your space today., We are recruiting for the second cohort of Woodrow Wilson Teaching Fellows. Please click the link to gather more information on this prestigious Fellowship!, Would you use any of these techniques in your classroom?, WELCOME BACK!!, Classes start tomorrow! "Like" this status if you are excited for a great semester at UA!, The College of Education is pleased to welcome several new faculty, staff, and contract professionals to its family! A warm welcome to: Dr. Brad Maguth, Dr. Gary Holliday, Dr. Rodney Delaney, Dr. Rebecca Boyle, Mr. Diontre Earl, Mr. Brian Martin, Ms. Keely Kalb, Ms. Elizabeth (Lisa) Testa, and Ms. Karen Plaster., Teachers and Future Teachers. . . Make a difference in a child's life.  Take the National Education Association's pledge against bullying.  Visit the NEA website to learn more.  Stand up against bullying!, Renowned Stanford University Education Professor Linda Darling-Hammond addressed the Save Our Schools March in Washington, DC, in late July.  Read her thought-provoking speech and give us your thoughts., Dr. Evonn Welton will assume the role of Associate Dean, Academic Affairs and Student Services, effective August 1.  She is also serving as Acting Chair, Department of Curricular & Instructional Studies, until a successor is named.  Congratulations, Dr. Welton!, Dr. Susan J. Olson has been named Associate Dean for External Programs, Grants, Budgets, and Personnel in the College of Education.  She will continue in her role as Chair of Educational Foundations & Leadership until a successor is named.   Congratulations, Dr. Olson!, The Center for Child Development is hosting a Snow Cone Sale today on campus!   Join us and cool off .... Wednesday, July 20, 11:00 am - 2:00 pm, outside Leigh Hall.  For $.50 you can cool off and help the children raise money for activities that include a trip to an Akron Aeros game!, The Mary Francis Shale Trust Scholarship was established and will provide scholarship assistance to outstanding College of Education students beginning in 2011.  Get more info at http://www.uakron.edu/education/about-the-college/news-details.dot?newsId=2105857&pageTitle=Recent%20Headlines&crumbTitle=Mary%20F.%20Shale%20Trust%20Scholarship%20Challenge, Attention intervention specialist/special education students... The Myrtle J. Razinger Memorial Scholarship is now available for Fall 2011.  Learn more at http://www.uakron.edu/education/about-the-college/news-details.dot?newsId=2110309&pageTitle=Recent%20Headlines&crumbTitle=Myrtle%20J.%20Razinger%20Memorial%20Scholarship%20for%20Intervention%20Specialist%20Students, We hope that everyone is enjoying their summer!, Dr. Mark D. Shermis, dean of the COE, led a panel of experts at the U.S. Department of Education's public meeting related to the Race to the Top Assessment (RTTA) grants in Chicago. Shermis spoke on automated scoring systems. This was a great representation of the UA COE!, Make a gift by June 30th and be recognized on the University Honor Roll!, Read the latest edition of the COE Communique! , Tim Calfee, who formerly taught in the COE, is leaving his post as superintendent of Ravenna Schools. , Interesting STEM article....., Members of the first cohort of Woodrow Wilson Teaching Fellows were honored at a luncheon May 31 at UA. Following the luncheon, a tour was taken of various teaching and social sites., More great news about our Woodrow Wilson Fellows! Pictures from a luncheon held to honor them will be posted shortly., WOO HOO!! 401 fans....thanks everyone!!, Teacher Planning Grants have been awarded to 11 public and private colleges in Ohio by eTech Ohio - UA is among them!, The Center for Literacy receives a $135,000 donation of books! Read on...., Our alumni are awesome!!, More awesome news about our Woodrow Wilson Fellows!, Almost to 400 fans.....please share our page with your friends!, We are looking forward to the presentation by David Jakes today. He will be speaking on Re-Envisioning Learning Spaces. The COE and Center for Literacy are striving to hold seminars on topics that will help you grow as an educator!, More news about our inagural cohort of 20 Woodrow Wilson Fellows!, Join us this summer at The University of Akron for Camp Digi-Lit! Check out the link to get information on the Graphic Novel, Storybook Making and Screenwriting camps that are offered for grades 1-7. Offer your child a great start to the summer! Registration closes Tuesday, May 31.

, COE in the news again! Ann Hassenpflug, professor of education, wrote an Education Week article on principal preparation. Check out the article!, Pamela Bowers is one of the 20 Fellows who will be attending UA through the Woodrow Wilson Ohio Teaching Fellowship program. Kudos!, Another COE alumna in the news!, The 20 Fellows for the Woodrow Wilson National Fellowship were announced today! UA is one of only 3 universities this year who will host an amazing cohort of future teachers!! Kudos to the Fellows and to UA.
, We have exciting news to let everyone in on tomorrow at 1:00!, The College of Education Center for Literacy invites you their upcoming seminar:
Re-Envisioning Learning Spaces lead by David Jakes, May 20 from 1:00 p.m. – 3:00 p.m. Click on the link below for more details!
, 6th graders from Allen Street Elementary are on campus today with our Outreach and Student Teaching departments. The kids just met some athletes and were thrilled! Pictures to come soon!, Check out this link to our 2011 Summer Institute coming up June 22 -Transforming Urban Schools: Sharing Multiple Voices. Register today!, Graduates - any memories you would like to share? What a beautiful day to be a new alum!, Come to the Center for Child Development open house 5.21. We were recently NATIONALLY ACCREDITED!! Enroll your child today!, Interesting piece about online learning. How many of you have taken online classes through UA?, Upload your graduation photos and stories to our page....we are so proud of our new alums!, Congratulations graduates!, And the answer is......432! That is the number of graduates the COE will have this weekend. We wish everyone the BEST as they begin a new journey!, COE alumnus receives distinguished EMS Award from the Ohio American College of Emergency Physicians.  Check out the news story!, Quiz Time! How many graduates do you think the COE will have this weekend???, We are already preparing for a great COE Homecoming celebration in October!, The new Chief of Police for Akron is a COE alum!, Dr. Charles M. Payne, interim superintendant of the Chicago Public Schools will be the keynote speaker for the Center for Urban and Higher Education's June 22 conference. To register for this awesome seminar, log onto www.cuhe.uakron.edu., Join us in congratulating these newly tenured and/or promoted faculty members for their achievement and continued success.  

Promotion to Professor
Dr. Xin Liang, EFL
Dr. Ruth Oswald, C&I
Dr. John Savery, EFL

Promotion to Senior Instructor
Stacey Buser, Senior Clinical Instructor, SSWE
Rachele Kappler, Senior Clinical Instructor, SSWE
Patricia Raiff, Senior Clinical Instructor, EFL, Amy Barnabi, a COE alumnus, received the Teacher of Year Award from the Claymount Foundation. Amy is a sixth-grade social studies-language arts teacher at Claymont Intermediate School, a seventh grade research and computer skills teacher and an eighth-grade movie and presentation teacher at Claymont Junior High. Congrats!, We will say farewell and good luck to graduating students from the College of Education tonight at InfoCision Stadium. The reception will honor both undergraduate and graduate level individuals. If you are graduating, we hope to see you there!, Check out two new Center for Literacy seminars coming up in May! Register today to learn how to use mobile learning effectively and efficiently., null, There is still time to register for the early bird special! Our youth sports camp is sure to be a hit with your kids!, Our Center for Child Development hosted a fundraiser, Jellybeans for Japan, selling jellybeans donated by the Peanut Shoppe in Akron. Please read this awesome article!, If you have pics from Run @ the Roo, feel free to share them!, null, Our first annual Run at the Roo was a success! Thanks to everyone who came out yesterday in the cold weather to support us! Pictures will be posted soon., Just inspired by students in Dr. Cai's SSWE class. Through an innovative field experience called “My Tennis World” UA students who would not typically take special education courses are working, one on one, with children, ages 6 to 18, from Akron Public Schools, who have developmental disabilities. It was awesome to see!, We are drawing near to graduation day! Share your thoughts with us on your COE experience!, null, Check out our latest College Communiqué newsletter!, Join us this THURSDAY evening (April 14th) at Mt. Calvary Baptist Church to extend the conversation about educational equity and the future of our schools especially given the recent events in our very own district and community. See the flyer for more details!, Tonight we will be honoring our distinguished alumni and faculty members. We are looking forward to a great evening recognizing our wonderful alumni., Students receive global perspective through the FATITI program at UA. Great opportunities abound in the COE!, UA5K: Run @ the Roo is this Sunday! Are YOU registered yet?!, Mark your calendars for April 15 to see a presentation by Rayla Allison, J.D. She will present “You’ve Come a Long Way Maybe Baby: Title IX & Education.” The discussion will center around the need for Title IX and how it has transformed American education and society.
, COE alumnus Jason Anderson, representing the Cuyahoga Portage Chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution, was named Outstanding Teacher of American History. , Kudos to our three academic advisers who will be recognized this Wednesday at the National Residence Hall Honorary Faculty Recognition Tea. Kevin O'Connor, Betsy Kerns and Kevin Tondra were nominated by students for their outstanding work! Congrats guys!, Here is our official press release for the NATIONAL accreditation our Center for Child Development just received. We are very proud!, Today is Dr. Marian Maxfield's last presentation on PBL. We hope you can join us at 3:30 in Leigh Hall room 208!, Lots of things going on at the COE. Refer to our website for upcoming events, scholarship opportunities, breaking news and more., The College of Education’s partnership with Allen Elementary School is noted in a Canton Repository story. , Our students are awesome! Just had a great meeting to learn about PREZI. Have any of you ever used this great on-line tool?, Dean Mark D. Shermis,  Center Director Yetty Michael,  and Associate Director Sophia Kraus are proud to announce the full accreditation for the next five years of the Center for Child Development by the National Association for the Education of Young Children (NAEYC).

Please join us in congratulating the entire CCD administration, staff, and families for this great accomplishment!, Dr. Marian Maxfield will hold the second of three presentations this afternoon on Problem Based Learning. Feel free to join us from 3:30 - 4:30 p.m. today in Leigh Hall room 208., COE alumna selected as outstanding teacher! , Kudos again to Dr. Cheryl Ward who received the 2011 Innovator award. Check out this Akron Beacon Journal announcement!, We hope that everyone had a nice and relaxing Spring Break. Welcome back!, We are very proud of our Zips and their accomplishments this season!!, Good luck to the Akron Zips Men's Basketball team today in their game against Notre Dame. Go Zips!!, One month from today, runners will be taking part in the first annual UA 5K. Register today at active.com!, COE Spirit Day this Friday!! In honor of our Zips making it to the NCAA tournament, please wear your Akron gear 3/18 to show our support! GO ZIPS!, Early bird registration is open for our Youth Camp in June! Open to youths age 5-12, they'll spend a week learning the ins and outs of sport skill development. Register your child today!, Kelly, a COE student, achieved a PERFECT score on her Praxis II exam! Kudos!, WOW!! We've reached 300 fans! Thanks so much and we hope that everyone has a safe and enjoyable spring break., We hope that everyone made it safely to school and work today!, Two new scholarships have been added to the COE webpage. Click here to learn more about the Betty Bricker and Medina County Retired Teacher Association scholarship opportunities., Cheryl Ward, Ph.D., assistant professor at UA's COE, won the prestigious Innovator Award given by the Ohio Board of Regents. She is helping to save students $1,000 with her savvy creations! Click the link to see how she is truly making an impact.
http://bit.ly/gEmxh4, We are excited to present Dr. Marian Maxfield today to speak on Problem Based Learning. There are a few seats left if you would like to join us in Leigh Hall, room 208 at 3:30. Please call Jessica at (330) 972-6964 to rsvp., Reminder! PBL sessions begin this Wednesday from 3:30 - 4:30. If you are interested in attending this 3-part series, please call Jessica at (330) 972-6964., Did you know that UA has a quality childcare center for your children on our campus? Check out this link to our Center for Child Development!

, Education professor to discuss problem-based learning. Come to our sessions on March 9, 23 and 30!, Check out this story on Betty Protz who recieved her teaching license here at UA and is almost finished with her Master’s! , For area seniors who are looking to become a teacher, come to our Senior Visit Day: A-Zip this Friday!, Can we get to 300 "likes" by the end of the week?! Share away!!, The COE welcomes Dr. Joanne Goodell from Cleveland State University today to speak with our faculty. We are looking forward to her presentation on CSUTeach!, Our grads do amazing things....check out this story on Ms. Tula Serves., A teacher somewhere in your neighborhood tonight will be grading and preparing lessons to teach children. In the minute it takes you to read this, teachers all over the world are using their "free time" for a child's literacy, prosperity, and future. Re-post if you are a teacher, were influenced by a teacher, love a teacher....., We hope that everyone has a SAFE and enjoyable snow day!, Our 1st annual UA 5K, hosted by Sport Science and Wellness Education, is coming in April. Click on the link for more details and to register!, It's been great to have student and alumni interaction on our page. Keep it coming!, WOW! Almost 300 fans in just three days! Please share this link with your friends so that we can continue to educate everyone on the great work of the COE., Pi Lambda Theta Presents a Wellness Event TOMORROW (2/23) at InfoCision Stadium! Come join us for open meditation and relaxation on the third floor from 3:30 - 5:30. There will be free information on organization, stress reduction, and finances. For more information please contact Noreen at noreenulrick@gmail.com or 330.322.7345, The father of multicultural education, Dr. James A. Banks, will visit UA this Friday. Please join the discussion from noon to 2:00 p.m. in the Student Union theatre. , Dr. Marisa White, a graduate of the Dept. of Counseling’s doctoral program and a continuing member of Chi Sigma Iota’s Alpha Upsilon Chapter, won first prize in CSI’s national Leadership Essay Contest. Way to go Dr. White!, Read the latest College Communique to see great stories on our students, faculty and staff!, We hope that everyone is enjoying the weather today! From the offices of Zook we can see lots of sunshine!, null, Please share our page with your friends!! We have great news to share with the community. Just hit "Share" and let's generate more fans!, UA's COE just received a large grant for our STEM initiative. Check out our story!, null, null, Welcome to the COE Facebook page! We are excited to share news, events, and the wonderful work of our students and faculty. We are looking forward to hearing from YOU!)