List(Enjoy that Bloody Mary Nicole!, The #DIYbloodymarybar is in full swing! Come join the fun and grab a bite from our delicious brunch & lunch menus! #brunch #bloodymary, Come in out of the rain and sit by the fire with a Bloody Mary from our #DIYbloodymarybar and snack on some of our amazing brunch & lunch dishes! See you at 11!, Thank you Eater Boston for the amazing review of our sister properties Local 149 and Article 24! Stay tuned Massachusetts as The Neighborhood Restaurant Group takes over from the South Shore to the North Shore and everything in between!, The Chef just roasted off some delicious tomatillos for our new addition to the  #DIY bloody mary bar; green bloody marys with tomatillo juice!, Our homemade jalapeño-bacon & straight up bacon vodkas are  infusing away for our #DIYbloodymarybar  #brunch #bacon, Tonight's the night! Come in starting at 6 to try out Blue Point Brewing Brewery's Toasted Lager and Hoptical Illusion! You don't want to miss this!, Blue Point Brewery will be here tonight from 6-8PM for our Wednesday Night Pint Night! Come on down and sample their Toasted Laga &  Hoptical Illusion Indian Pale Ale and take home some cool swag, glassware and prizes!, Come on down after a hard days work and impressive your friends with your knowledge. Trivia starting at 7:00 o'clock!!!!, Tomorrow night we'll be featuring Blue Point Brewery 's Toasted Lager & Hoptical Illusion beers! Come by starting at 6 to try them for yourself!, We're here to make your Monday a little bit brighter! Industry Night starts 4 PM & Questionnairey begins @ 7 PM!, Face painting & balloon animals today from 11-1!, null, Do you need last minute plans for Easter? Let's us do the cooking while you sit back and sip on one of our 38 draft beers, tender steak tip, juicy burgers or one of our classic brunch items like bananas fosters french toast with peanut butter mousse & salted caramel. We are open from 11am - midnight. Brunch & create your own Bloody Mary bar from 11-3. See you there!, So many choices from the sea! Come down tonight and start off with Fresh Spicy Tuna Roll stuffed with cucumber, avocado finished with a spicy mayo. Then choose one...or both of our featured fresh catch entrees; delicious crab stuffed sole with a champagne beurre blanc or the beautiful seared tuna finished with an avocado mouse, seaweed salad, pickled ginger, ponzu & garnished with fried wontons., What's for dinner tonight?! The Chef has prepared a wonderful crab stuffed sole finished off with a champagne beurre blanc, served with roasted fingerling potatoes and grilled jumbo asparagus. Stay tuned for a picture as the chef prepares this tasty delight!, Our sister restaurant, Local 149, is getting ready to reopen their doors. A staple is South Boston, Local 149 & their team have taken the restaurant to a whole new level with amazing local art, craft beers and the same delicious food you have come to love from the Neighborhood Restaurant Group! Like their page and stay tuned for the relaunch!, Join us for Easter and let us do the cooking. We are offering brunch along with our full menu from 11-3PM and dinner from 3pm - Midnight. We have face painting & ballon animals for the kids from 11-1 and a build your own Bloody Mary Bar for the adults! Make reservations online through Facebook, our website or call today 781-942-2818, It's almost quitting time and you know what that means; pint time! Come on down and meet TJ from Wachusett Brewing Company and taste some of their delicious beers!, Hump day's always good for helping us look forward to the end of the week. Well, we've got one more reason; Pint Night! Join us in welcoming Wachusett Brewing Company, a local Massachusetts Brewery, from 6-8pm. Come on down and taste some their local brews, win prizes and take home some cool swag!, Easter Sunday at Biltmore and Main offers fun for everyone! Face painting & balloon animals for the kids while mom & dad hit up our build your own Bloody Mary Bar!

Join us for Easter Sunday Brunch from 11:00am - 3:00pm and let the kids have some fun with face painting & balloon animals from 11-1pm while the adults enjoy a delicious Bloody Mary from our build your own bar with toppings like shrimp cocktail, candied bacon, stuffed olives, roasted peppers and more!

Call now for reservations, click the "book now" link on our Facebook page or make reservations through our website! Hurry before all our tables are booked up!, It's Monday & that means Industry Night at 4 PM! Questionnairey will be starting @ 7 PM. Don't miss out on the fun!, After a long Thursday, followed by an even longer weekend, let us pamper you with ice cold drinks & 50% food at our Monday Service Industry Night! Kick back & play Questionnairey while you munch on Tatar Tot Nachos, Creamy Spinach & Artichoke dip or some good ole wings!, Liquid shrimp cocktail? Why not! Come in and sit by the fire with a Bloody Mary like no other!, Bloody Sunday! The candied bacon is fresh out of the oven and ready for the build your own Bloody Mary Bar! Hop out of bed and come enjoy a delicious brunch and create the Bloody Mary of your dreams!, How do you take your Bloody Mary? Candied bacon, roasted tomatoes, mozzarella with  Himalayan Sea Salt rim? Have it anyway you want at our build your Bloody Mary bar!, What are you drinking today? Join us for brunch and hit up the build your own Bloody Mary Bar and choose from candied bacon, charcuterie, all different types olives, roasted peppers & tomatoes, pickles veggies 9 different hot sauces and more!, What are you drinking today? Join us for brunch and hit up the build your own Bloody Mary Bar and choose from candied bacon, charcuterie, all different types olives, roasted peppers & tomatoes, pickles veggies 9 different hot sauces and more!, null, null, St. Paddy's Day weekend of fun continues today with $16 buckets of beer & FREE wings, classic corned beef dinner and the 1st 5 people who check in on Facebook will win their share of cool prizes, gift cards & free meals!

Saturday & Sunday kicks off our all new Bloody Mary Bar where you can create your own Bloody Mary from over 15 hot sauces, pickled veggies, candied bacon, stuffed olives and other delicious toppings!, Sound Check!! The bands about to go live!, Don't let Mother Nature Rain on your parade! Come down and have a nice cold pint with your favorite 🇮🇹 Leprechauns! 🍻🍀🎶, null, Come on down and get your Paddy on!! ☘ Live music, buckets of beer, and good company!, Our team is ready! The suns shining, the beers ice cold and cornholes is set up on the patio! Add in buckets of beer & free wings, live music, prizes & giveaways and this bar's a rockin!!!, St. Paddy's Day Weekend kicks off at 11:30 with $16 buckets of beer & FREE wings, classic corned beef dinner & My Mothers Mustache performing live starting at 7pm. Be the first 5 guests to "check-in" on Facebook and win your share of gift cards, t-shirts and other cool prizes!, Happy St. Patrick's Day from all of us here at Biltmore & Main!, Come join the fun!!, Live music...free food..prizes & giveaways trust me..You want to open up this post!

Join us for St. Patrick's Day Weekend...Here at B&M we believe St. Paddys Day deserves an entire weekend!

Thursday come in & kick off the festivities with 38 Tap beers, $16 buckets of beer & FREE WINGS with over 15 craft beer selections to mix & match in your bucket, t-shirts, prizes & giveaways, classic corned beef dinner and ring in the start of the weekend with "My Mothers Mustache" performing LIVE starting at 7PM

The St. Patrick's  Day festivities continue on Friday with classic boiled dinner, FREE wings with a bucket of beer purchase, hourly raffles starting at 5pm for your chance to win a free dinner, gift cards, bar swag & T-shirts!

Bloody Sunday! Oh, and Saturday too! Finish the weekend off with a Bloody Mary from our build your own Bloody Mary bar featuring candied bacon, shrimp, pickled everything, charcuterie, stuffed olives, finished off with a Siracha or Old Bay Salted Rim. Boring bloody Mary's are out, build your own are in!, Feeling Lucky? Come in tomorrow to find out if you're one our our lucky patrons of the day and receive an awesome prize!, Join us tonight for our Goose Island pint night featuring Four Star Pils and Honkers Ale! Come in starting at 6!, Stump Trivia is in the house tonight starting at 8PM! Come on down and play for $125 in gift cards, t-shirts & other cool prizes!, We are just two days away from St. Patrick's Day & are thrilled to have My Mother's Mustache performing from 7 - 10 PM at Biltmore & Main! Stop by & check them out!, Come on down tomorrow for March Madness and get a FREE order of wings with the purchase of a Bucket of Beers!  Mix N Match from 18 cold brewski's as you fill out your bracket.  Win prizes for 1st, 2nd, and 3rd bracket winners!  Dont miss out!!, Plan your week with us!

Monday Service Industry night (50% off food for industry professionals) & Questionary

Tuesday Stump Trivia Night

Wednesday Goose Island Pint Night

Thursday St. Patrick Day Festivities: live music, bucket of beer & free wings, prizes & giveaways all night!

Don't miss out on a week of fun!, St. Patrick's Day is coming & we've got a lot planned. Live music,cornhole on the patio, a special menu, prizes & more! Don't miss out on the fun!, It's lunch time and we are open! Come on down and try our new Crispy Chicken BKT..Crispy bacon, shredded kale, and Caesar aioli served on a warm buttery brioche bun!, Lord Hobo Brewing Co is here getting ready to kick off pint night! Come on down and sample their amazing beers, take home some cool swag and have some fun!, Lord Hobo Brewing Co we are excited to have you here tonight for the kick off of our Wednesday Night Pint Nights! Join us from 6-9 for exciting new beers, prizes & swag!, First patio guests of the season! Don't miss out on this beautiful patio weather!, Patio opens at 11:30! So get out of the house or the office and come enjoy our new thai chicken salad, all new flatbreads or just kick back in the sun with one of new refreshing cocktails!, Pup Fries, Tater Tot Nachos (Yup...I said Tater Tots), The Best Burger in Reading (According to the voters), 38 Draft Beers, and....Trivia! What more could you ask for!, Biltmore and Main is now open for lunch! So get out of the office...we won't tell! 🍴, At Biltmore and Main, Monday's mean something fun for everyone! Service Industry Night starts at 4PM - Close for everyone who works in the hospitality industry and Questionnairey kicks off at 7pm for everyone! If you like Trivia then you're gonna love Questionary!, Come on down tonight to try out our 38 draft beers and 60+ bottles & cans!!, Our sister restaurant, Article 24, is looking to hire for all positions. If you're interested email your resume to jobs@tnrgboston!, We had an awesome time at Taste of Metro North on Wednesday! Thanks to all who came out!, Come flex your muscles and show everyone how smaht you are!, Double the fun tonight! Not only is our legendary Industry Night tonight with 50% off all food for everyone who works in the Industry but we are also kicking off "questionary" tonight and every Monday starting at 7:00pm!, Thank you for all of your great suggestions. We will announce the winner shortly!, ***Job Opening*** 
Hostess/Reservationist

We are looking for hard working, personable team members who love the hospitality industry and want to join a growing company with some of the areas busiest restaurants. Our host staff has the opportunity to work as part of a team and take care of our guests by providing personalized, memorable dining experiences. We offer a professional, yet fun & high energy work environment with schedules that consist mostly of evenings with some daytime shifts on the weekend. Our team members love coming to work everyday because we value our team as much as we do our guests.

We are currently seeking a full time host/reservationist to join our team in Reading. If you are looking for a great place to work, email our General Manager at smullen@tnrgboston.com, give us  call at 781-942-2818 or stop in for an on the spot interview:

Monday 2:00 - 4:00 PM
Tuesday - Friday 3:00 - 5:00 PM
Weekend & other times by appointment, Join us for dinner tonight and save room for our homemade orange pineapple carrot cake topped off with cream cheese frosting., Our Goose Island launch part is tonight! Come in starting at 6PM for tastings and giveaways!, Only a few days left before we announce a winner! Comment your menu ideas below before Monday for a chance to win a $50 gift card!, Thirsty Thursday...come on down for an ice cold one!, It's National Clam Chowder Day and we're celebrating accordingly! Come in to Biltmore & Main today for some delicious chowder!, Save the date for our Goose Island launch party on Friday from 6 - 8. We'll be having tastings and giveaways so don't miss out!, OK , it's Tuesday and you know what that means . TRIVIA !!!!!! Come enjoy our amazing selection of draft beers and the best pub food on the north shore !!! Put on your thinking caps and win some prizes tonight at 8pm !!!!, It's Industry Night and National Margarita Day! Come in tonight for 50% off your meal if you have the pleasure of working in the service industry and $5 strawberry basil margaritas!, Our new spring cocktail menu is coming soon! Here's a sneak peek at our Sage Martini, 1st thing to do? Let us give you a break from cooking! Join us for lunch Thursday & Friday from 12-3pm and children 12 & under eat FREE from our kids menu and children 13-16 get 50% our regular menu!, Treat the kids this week & let us do the cooking! Children 12 & under eat for free off our kids menu and 13-16 receives 50% our regular menu (with the purchase of an adult entree) today - Friday from 12-3pm, Happy School Vacation! All Children 12 and under eat for free off of our kids menu, children 13-16 50% regular menu. Wednesday-Friday 12-3!, It's finally warm enough to get out of the house and have some fun at Biltmore & Main's Stump Trivia Night starting at 8pm!! 1st place takes home $75 in restaurant gift cards, 2nd place $50 gift cards & 3rd place takes home some cool bar swag such as beer glasses, t-shirts $ more!, We have officially kicked off Industry Night at Biltmore & Main! Come on down and let us comp you with 50% off our entire food menu tonight & every Monday at Readings Premier Industry Hotspot!, Our Founding Fathers want you to join us for a President's Day Brunch starting today at noon and if you happen to work in the food & beverage industry you can couple that with a 50% off all your food as we kick off Industry Mondays!, Join us for a double header tomorrow. We are open all day & night with a Presidents Day Brunch and dinner starting at 3pm! We are kicking off Industry Night Monday's with 50% ALL food (including this Monday's holiday brunch) !! Just bring a pay stuff or business card and you're in the club!, Let the bourbon tasting begin  !!!!! Come warm that Single heart !!!, Biltmore & Main is your place to come mingle this Valentines Day !!  Come meet new people and taste some bourbon.  "Love of Bourbon Singles Tasting " 2-4 pm, Come in out of the cold and warm up by the fireplace with a hot bowl of French Onion Soup and one our distinct bourbons, whiskeys or scotch, Bourbon is the spice of life !!!, Valentine's Day is just around the corner! Don't forget to make your dinner reservations. Monday is a Holiday so come out and show your love!, You deserve bigger prizes !!!!! And B &M agrees. Come in at 8pm for Stump Trivia.  First place winner will receive a $75 Biltmore & Main gift card , $50 for second place and third place get REALLY cool bar swag!!!! See you soon, Dear friends and regulars, 
Biltmore & Main will be closed Monday, February 8 due to the weather and will re-open Tuesday at 4 PM for dinner service. Thank you all and we'll see you tomorrow!!, Biltmore & Main is currently seeking professional Hosts ,bussers and food runners who want to work in a fun , fast-paced environment. Candidates must be 18+and able to work nights and weekends. Please come on by and fill out an application in person, or call us at 781-942-2818., We are giving away squares today for chances to win $25 gift cards each quarter and $10 for every score change. All you have to do is put your name on the sheet and be present to win! Go Pats!, Our new menu is coming out next month and we're looking for you to help us out!
Comment your suggestions below for a chance to win a $50 gift card to Biltmore & Main. The winner will be announced February 29th., Chef Mark is ready to serve you the best soup around on this rainy day., Get those thinking caps on and get down to Biltmore & Main. Stump Trivia tonight at 8pm.  $75 gift card for the first place team, $50 for second place and plenty bar shwag . See you at 8pm !!!, Check us out this morning on Phantom Gourmet at 11 am!, Friday night, it is time for a mai tai!, null, All day long 50 cent wings and buy one get one free burgers! Come cheer on the Patriots and enjoy some "Great Food, Good Friends and Cold Beer!"
Don't for the Yummy Brunch too!, null, Plans for Patriots Sunday! Come down to Biltmore & Main and have Brunch!!Don't forget!

~50 cent wings!
~Buy one Get one Free Burgers!

We also have an amazing selection of very cold beer to wash that all down!  
Patriots Nation, Great Food, Good Friends and Cold beer! 
Ask your server for Details and Enjoy!, Tonights comfort food creation from Chef Shane. Braised Short Rib Stroganoff!  Come enjoy this homemade goodness with a glass of Huntsman Cabernet., Come in tonight and try our new bar bites menu, not sure if they will keep you skinny but we know they will keep you happy!, Because of the power problems in Reading and surrounding cities we will be closed for the rest of the night! Come see us again soon! Thank you, We are open for lunch today! Come down and enjoy our Local Burger on this snowy day., 50¢ WINGS !!!!!!!! Come cheer on your Patriots today , try one of our many new draft beers and 50¢ wings all day today and tomorrow. GO PATS !!!!!!, Well, we wish we were all millionaires today but instead we will be back at it. Thank you to everyone that liked our page and had hope! We will be having wing, burger and beer specials all weekend for the NFL playoff games. Go Pats!, Come by Biltmore & Main for our newest offering form the great commonwealth oh Massachusetts. Stormalong Dry Hopped Cider. A crisp dry cider 6.9%abv. See you soon!, Who's feeling lucky today?!?! Like any of our pages, Biltmore & Main, The Biltmore Bar and Grill, Local 149, Article 24, or The Neighborhood Restaurant Group and share our winnings with us!! Don't miss your chance to get rich!!, Congratulations team "Stifflers Mom "  This weeks Stump Trivia winners! ! Great job boys. Come in next Tuesday at 8pm to see if you can beat these brainiacs!!!, null, Hello Reading ( and surrounding towns) We will be closing at 7pm on Monday January 11th for our company holiday party. We will not be taking any reservations after 5:30. Thank you and Happy New Year from Biltmore & Main, null, Come watch the rest of the game and have some delicious Nacos and choose from one of our 38 craft beer to wash them down! 🍻GO PATS!, Something to look forward to! Come cure your New Year's Eve blues with yummy food and thirst quenching Mimosa's and Bloody Mary's!, Come join the party and start your 2016 off the right way! We are open late tonight! Probably the only place in Reading that is! 🎊, Don't forget to make your New Year's Eve reservations!, Make you reservations by calling us or simply go online to UReserv.com! Don't forget!, Don't forget to make your reservations! Come join us in the Celebration! 🎉, Come warm yourself by our fireplace tonight and warm your soul with a Harpoon Winter Warmer. A spiced winter ale with 5.9% abv. See you soon!, "Here we go Patriots  , here we go "!!!!! 1pm kickoff today $3.50 Bud and Bud light, null, Don't forget! Merry Christmas from our families to yours!, The clock is ticking !!! Come by Biltmore & Main for your last minute holiday shopping.  And while your here enjoy one of our 38 draft beers , because why not ? You're already here !, Put on those holiday thinking caps and join Biltmore & Main for Stump Trivia at 8pm  !!!! Prizes for 1st and 2nd place !!!!, Meatloaf Sandwich with bacon and mashed on Texas Toast? You'd be smiling too!, BOGO Burgers at Biltmore & Main on Christmas Eve!

Celebrate the Holidays (or just enjoy some down time) with us at Biltmore & Main from 11-6 on Christmas Eve. We're offering 2-for1 burgers all day long... See you then!, We have the best stress free stocking stuffer deal for you and you get a gift for yourself FREE! Buy a  $100 gift card and get a $20 gift card for yourself for FREE! Bonus, the Patriots are on at 1!, Black Velvet , Biltmore & Main style  !! Millys' Oatmeal Stout and Down East Winter Cider  . Sure to warm you right up !!!, Propah !!!!!, BOOM !!!!! Getting down and dirty at Biltmore & Mains cocktail competition  !!!, It's almost that time! The anticipation is building! Biltmore & Main's 1st Annual Christmas Cocktail Competition! Who will make the Best Drink of the evening!The shaking begins at 8:00 pm! 🍸🎉 #Avion #Becherovka, Come in this Wednesday night, 12/16,  and cheer for your favorite local bartender! We will be having our First Annual Christmas Cocktail Competition right here at Biltmore&Main! 🍸🎉🍷🎊🍹, Chef Richard has another amazing special for you . Spanish Paella . Saffron Risotto , Swordfish,  Shrimp , Calimari , Roasted Red peppers and Chimichuri ., Give the gift that keeps on giving and I'm not talking about the Jelly of the month club . B&M gift cards are here !!!! Come get yours today and if you buy $100 worth we will mail you a $20 gift card for free !!!!, Biltmore & Main getting in the holiday spirit !!! Come on down and get in the spirit with  Sierra Nevada Celebration Ale  . This dry hopped IPA with 6.8%abv will certainly make you want to celebrate, Victoria is ready for the Patriots game tonight !!!! Way to show of the Pats Pride !!! Come show your Pride tonight at Biltmore and Main when the Pats take on the Eagles at 4:25 !!!!! GOT PATRIOTS !!!!!, Brunch makes Sunday Funday the best day of the week!, Check out some of our beautiful new menu items on #BostonChefs
http://www.bostonchefs.com/restaurant/biltmore-main/, Today's the day!! PhantomGourmet will be here filming during lunch!! Come get your 3 minutes of fame and enjoy #BuyOneGetOneFreeBurgers!!, One of our new members of the TNRG family , Chef Mark ( soon to be Executive Chef at Article 24 ) has this beautiful offering tonight at Biltmore & Main  . Tuna Tartar served over Smashed Avocado,  With Seaweed Slaw and Ponzu ., Come in for lunch this Thursday @12pm for Buy One Get One FREE Burgers, and watch  #PhantomGourmet as they film our new spot!!, Biltmore and Mains regular of the week , even though it just started . Derek Rodger! !!!!! This $3.50 Bud's for you kid, Breakfast burritos and bloody Mary's to fuel up before Black Friday shopping, First Thanksgiving Eve at Biltmore & Main  !!!!! Bruins , Celtics and a whole lot of memories !!!, Come kick off your Thanksgiving weekend with Biltmore and Main. We will be open at 11:30 am till last call at 11:45 pm . 21+after 8pm , so have your IDs ready . See you all soon ., Something new and delicious at Biltmore.. Tonight's special is homemade Eggplant Rollatini! Enjoy while you play #stumptrivia !, Tomorrow Wed Nov. 25th we will be opening at 11:30 am and will be making last call at 11:45 pm . We look forward to seeing we all tomorrow ., Get out of the cold tonight!  Come by Biltmore and Main for Stump Trivia at 8pm ! ! !, They're here !!!! Our winter draft offerings have arrived , including Mad Elf from Troegs . A strong Ale (11% abv ) with hints of honey and Cherry.  Come try one and get in the holiday "Spirit "., Come join us to celebrate before and after Thanksgiving !!  We will be open for Lunch on Nov. 25th, and  Brunch on Nov. 27th. Come keep us company!! Gobble Gobble, Stump Trivia tonight at 8pm!!!! Come CRUSH the opposition and win B&M gift cards !!!, It's Monday night and the weather is on our side !!!! Come on down to Biltmore and Main and throw some bean bags around !!!!, What's better than brunch before the Patriots?  Brunch at Biltmore & Main , that's what !!!!, "I wasn't born yesterday " BUT this fresh hopped pale ale by Lagunitas was . Come on by Biltmore and Main to try out our newest draft offering !!!!, We started a new service, please call for hourly rates., Rainy day blues! Come in for some of our Delicious roasted Autumn Vegetable soup! It will be sure to brighten up you day! Have a glass of red wine and warm your soul! 🍁, Happy Veteran's Day!! Come celebrate starting at 4pm and receive a free burger and fries with your Military ID, null, A few more good reasons to visit!, null, Stump Trivia tonight at 8pm !! Does your team deserve Victory?, Attention Biltmore friends and families! LOST AND FOUND! If you have been here within the last week and a half and had dinner by the fireplace these items may be yours! If they are please contact Adriana at Biltmore & Main! Our phone number is 781-942-2818.., null, Case of the Mondays? We have the cure ! ! !  38 draft beers and our scratch kitchen will get you right back on track to a great week  . See you tonight !!!, We Salute our Armed Forces by offering free burgers and fries to all who served our Country on Veteran's Day!!!, What better way to pregame !!! Come on in for Bloody Marys and Brunch and watch the Pats roll over the Redskins !! GO PATRIOTS !!!!!, BEEF....it's not just for dinner!
This Steak & Eggs taste sooooo good! You have to come in & try it for yourself😀🍴, Belgian Beer Salami, Lonza, Porchetta, Whole Grain Mustard, Orange Marmalade, House-made Pickles and BOOOM!!!! Pair that with one of our 38 draft beers or 40 bottles and cans!, Come on down to Biltmore & Main on Veteran's Day to celebrate those who served our Country by receiving a free burger and fries!!  Don't..., Biltmore & Main salutes our Veterans! Free Biltmore Burger for any Active or Retired military on Veterans Day!, Come down and watch the Bruins and Thursday Night while you eat! Have a cold #Allagash get some cool swag and enjoy!, In the mood for a delicious burger! Come try our Gaslamp Burger with Guacamole fresh Tomato and Gouda Cheese! Wash it down with a  #DogfishHeadNamaste, Another one of our new Delicious items! Fish Tacos! White fish lightly battered and topped with Pico De Gallo, cheese, lime, pickled carrot and a side house salad!, New Menu and New Hours!!!!! We are proud to announce our new Menu at Biltmore and Main: Herbed Chicken, 8-Hour Lamb Bolognese, The Graceland Burger, Fish Tacos and more. Biltmore and Main now open for Dinner Monday - Sunday 4 pm - 12 am; Friday Lunch from 11:30 am - 3 pm; and Get yo' Brunch on every Saturday and Sunday from 12-3! www.biltmoreandmain.com. See you all soon!!!!, Trick or Treat!
B&M crew is ready for the Halloween Extravaganza!, See you tonight!, Our staff is ready to PARTAY !!!!! Join us from 8-12 for our Halloween bash  . Prizes for best costumes, a Killah DJ and plenty of Southern Tier Pumking.  See you all tonight ., Ready for Halloween?  We are !!! Come in for Southern Tier Pumking pumpkin ale or Warlock pumpkin imperial stout ., Tonight's Yummy fall special! Fennel and mustard seed crusted Pork Tenderloin with fall spiced Butternut squash roasted carrots Brussel sprout leaves and topped with a Honeycrisp Apple chutney, Chef Jason featuring one our new appetizers....
Guacamame, avocado, edamame & spicy tortilla chips., Come in for lunch today! The B&M crew is ready to 'WOW' you! 😃, Our first Fall Special! Get it while it lasts! Our amazing Chicken Galantine with Wild Mushrooms, Butternut Squash, Roasted Brussel sprouts and Red wine poached Wisconsin Cherries B&MmMmm, Fall is here! 🍂
Tonight's Special..
@B&M ~ Chicken Galantine with Wild Mushrooms, Butternut Squash, Brussels and dried Cherries! B&Mmmmmmm, Chef Richards homemade Short Rib and a Stone Enjoy By IPA  . This will cure a case of the Mondays for sure ., Muchos Nachos!
Beef Chilli, melted cheese, beans, jalapeños & sour cream!, Did , I mention $2.50 Bud Lights ? By the fireplace ? Sounds like a good Sunday . See you soon, Come on in for Chef Richards homemade Porchetta Cuban and a Stone Enjoy By Imperial IPA . Perfect way to pre game for the Patriots at 1pm . GO PATS !!!!!!, Come on by for a Porchetta Cuban , made fresh by Chef Richard.  And don't forget about $2.50 Bud Lights . Patriots at 1pm .GO PATS !!!!, Life is Uncertain....
Eat dessert FIRST!
Pumpkin Creme Brûlée, Banana Beignets with peanut butter mousse & Strawberry Shortcake.🍴🍰, Breakfast of Champions!
Biltmore Burrito & house made Bloody Mary.....
Great way to start your Day!, Getting ready for the fall...new chicken en route, Fresh Jonah Crabcakes. Spicy Tomato Jam, house made Guacamole 🍺, Nothing like a perfectly cooked Steak Frites by the fire on a Thursday night, Uncle Pat's London Broil Pile Up. Dietz & Watson London Broil, crispy onions, horseradish cream, grilled onion roll. 🍺, Come to Biltmore & Main and let us make your night a little easier. We will cook and clean you just eat drink and enjoy! 😃🍴🍷, Thinly sliced Porchetta, Swiss, mustard & house brined pickles on a baguette. Yum 🍺, Red Curry marinated Pork Tenderloin with butternut hash, pineapple & charred scallion.
A perfect match for our Stone Brewery "Enjoy By" imperial IPA, Come on down Tuesday night at 8pm for Stump Trivia and Founders Brewing Co. Put on your thinking hats and win some shwag !!!!, Come on down for a Bud Light promo ...Ice cold Bud Light and plenty free swag !!!, Colts are going to get a beating tonight!
2.50$ bud lights!, null, If you haven't tried Lunch or Brunch here you are really missing out! 🍴😋, null, Thinking about what to do for dinner? Let us take care of that for you! Come down to Biltmore & Main and order some of our amazing pasta-less Eggplant Lasagna and a glass of Lucky Star Pinot Noir! If you have any room left try one of our amazing bite sized desserts like the Choco Taco! 😋🍴🍷, We are here!, Yum! Who can say no to Nachos! Come grab a snack and a beer and wait for the traffic to die down! Nachos and beer.. A match made in Heaven! 😆🍺, Come in and try our fresh crispy
 Fish & Chips made with a special housemade beer batter! Have it with our Wookey Jack Black Rye IPA, a delicious combination! 🍴🍺, Check out our website www.biltmoreandmain.com for food and drink menus, events information, pictures of the space, and much more!, null, Our yummy Fresh Catch Of The Day! Served with seaweed salad, whipped Avocado a light Ponzu sauce and a drizzle of Sesame oil! It would be great with a cold pint of our Grapefruit Sculpin IPA! 🍻, null, Check out our slow roasted bbq braised Short Rib with the Emperor's Choice
Mai Tai, null, Come in tonight & hang out with the Newburyport Brewing Company....try some of their craft beers & get some swag🍺, Come to Biltmore & Main and try our delicious Calamari with pickled peppers, house aioli and a charred lime!maybe wash it down with one of our 38 amazing craft beers? Get in here!, Have faith Bruins fans! Today at 1 pm! We need to get these youngsters going in the right direction., Don't forget USA vs Mexico at 9:30. We are trying to become an American Outlaws Official Chapter supporting our men's and women's US Nationals teams. Anyone interested in joining or helping us throw US soccer viewing parties, please let us know. Go USA!, Long weekend brunches are the best! Come celebrate not having to work til Tuesday!, Our short rib is the cure for this cold and rainy weather!, Finally, The Bruins are back tomorrow night. Wear your black and gold and watch the game with us. Game starts at 7!, Good morning Cornholers . Start stretching those arms , we start tonight . League starts at 8pm , but feel free to come a little early for warm ups ., Game starts at 11 but we will be open for the second half at noon., Eagles vs Duke at 3:30!, Come eat and drink like a champion tonight and cheer on the Irish against Clemson. Game starts at 8!, Happy Friday everyone!, null, Check it out Reading!, Attention Cornholers  ... .Tonight starting at 8pm we will have warm up games out on the patio ....This will give us a chance to all meet eachother and get some practice in . Starting next week I will have a schedule and the league will begin on NEXT Mon . See you all tonight at 8pm., Happy Monday, we are open for lunch today. Stop by and try one of our awesome sandwiches and maybe one of our 38 drafts., Opening day at Biltmore and Main!!!!! Full house baby !!!, Opening day! Go Pats!, Great News😃
We will be Opening this Sunday 9/27 @ noon for Lunch!
Come join us and cheer on the Patriots🏈, The old gloves are so bad ass...., Lets make this happen ....., Ok Biltmore & Main friends, we are SO close to 1000 likes and if we make it there before we open then we will celebrate by having $2.50 Bud Lights!!! Make it happen!!! Spread the word!!!, null, One more sneak peak!! You will have to come check out the rest yourselves!!, Patio is ready to rock!!!, We have fire !!!!!!, We are getting close!, Who saw us on the front page of the #DailyTimesChronicle this week?!?, Another nice addition to our beautiful spot!! Getting excited!!, Sign is up!!, Lights are up!!, Our friends from Harpoon Gave us a VIP tour of the brewery. Great education on the brewing process and some tasty beer for everyone! #harpoon, The inspiration for our beer garden.  We are hoping for 75% of this cool spot., Looking to celebrate your next event at the coolest place in town?   We are officially booking events for the Fall season!! Come celebrate your next event with us in our beautiful dining room, or outside on our patio!!  Contact Julia today at jslowinski@tnrgboston.com or call 781-433-9028., Our beautiful fireplace is coming together nicely. Master craftsman Tony Zammuto is doing one heck of a job!, Check out #ZagatBoston excited about both of our openings for TNRG!!, Chef Richard and team getting ready to rock!!!, Soon to be Reading's home for the EPL, La Liga, bundesliga, Serie A and Champion's League, Chef Richard's meat and cheese program is going to be world class! Beer, wine, meat and cheese, what could be better than that combination?, Our favorite people and bar in Southie!, FIRE , FIRE !!!!!, 500 likes! We are celebrating with snacks!, Our hats are in! Shirts should be done tomorrow, Stay calm, Sunday Funday brunch is almost here!, We are looking for 16 two person  teams for our Monday night corn hole league. Find a teammate and send us a message. $500 gift card to the winning team!, Get`n our Brick On! Starting to come together! Stay tuned!, We are looking for suggestions for our beer lineup! We are adding a few lines and now we are up to 38! What fall, octoberfest beers do you want to drink in the beer garden? Thanks for the help, Trying to pick out our pinball machine, so many choices but this Star Wars machine is bad!!!!, Patio and ceiling are looking pretty sharp. Premier League started today, football next week! It is going to be a great fall!, New fence and bushes are going In today. Beer garden is coming together nicely!, We are planning our first Beerfest for this September!, Our Patriot refrigerator  magnets are in! Stop by and say hello during construction and pick up a magnet for the office or house. We can't wait for football season!, Kitchen shirts are in!, Our awesome friends at Local 149 enjoying this beautiful Tuesday!, null, Everyone, we are hiring all positions! Please share with everyone that is looking for a great job at a soon to be great restaurant! Please send resume to jobs@tnrgboston.com., null, null)