List(Post-surgery progress, Can't thank everyone enough for all the love & birthday wishes. Truly thankful to have so many good people in my life and so many incredible fans., Can't ask for much better of a birthday than being surrounded by over 20 of your teammates and closest friends, everyone wanting and willing to work towards one common goal. Putting in the work in the morning, then some tactical laser tag tonight like some little kids. Can't beat it. Surround yourself with good people, be good to them and everyone lifts each other to new heights. Be willing to put in he work to get where you want to be, don't forget to have some fun along the way and live a life you can both enjoy and be proud of. Fortunate to have so many good people in my life., She has been such a good friend to me throughout my time in Houston so far and I am honored that she'll be joining us for the Charity Classic!, VERY excited to announce that the wonderful Mrs. Barbara Bush will be throwing out the 1st pitch at the 2015 Charity Classic! 

http://purchase.tickets.com/buy/MLBEventInfo?agency=ASTV_SPECIAL2&orgid=48449&pid=8135005

Barbara Bush Houston Literacy Foundation, Sunday cards at grandma & great-grandma's, Shout-out to all the women of the world. Y'all are strong, beautiful & powerful. Especially Mom, I'd be lost without you. #InternationalWomensDay, It was an honor and a privilege Peyton. #FarewellSheriff, We watched a new world record yesterday, who knows what today will hold. Arnold Schwarzenegger, THIS is what really happened...
Zac Brown Band
#DidYouHearHowLoudThatSlapWas
#IWouldntLetAnyoneButZacDoThis
#HeApologizedBeforeEveryTake
#AndAfter, It's bigger than just a game., They will always be trying to find the next you. So you'd better be damn sure you're not done creating the best you., null, Day 1 of being allowed to have a full training session since surgery. At first I was frustrated by the circumstances, but now I embrace the challenge and look forward to the massive mountain that lies ahead to climb. Nothing worth having comes easy. If you don't embrace the adversity, you'll never be great. Plain & simple. NX Level Sports Performance

#HuntGreatness, #Brotherhood, Little bro put everything into perspective for me today. Never truly sat down and thought about everything that's happened so far in my life. Call it a humblebrag, hate on me, do whatever you'd like, but it will never stop being damn crazy to me to think about how far we've come. There is still much work left to be done and many goals left to accomplish, but this message today made me stop and appreciate everything that has happened so far and all of the people who have had an impact on my life. It also serves as a reminder to all the kids out there that anything is possible, whatever your goal may be. If you set your mind to something and you are willing to put in the time and effort and make the necessary sacrifices, you can accomplish whatever you want in this world. Hell, that goes for adults too. Don't ever be afraid to have big goals, as long as you're willing to put in the necessary work to accomplish them. Thank you for this bro. 

#HuntGreatness, Happy Valentine's Day to all of the beautiful women out there! I will shamelessly volunteer as tribute to be a Valentine to all the single ladies!, When Guinness brews you your own personal beer.... Incredible!!!, 10 best friends from high school. 1 trip per year. A lifetime of memories. #ThanksForTheLoyaltyBoys #TrueFriends, null, So glad I finally got a chance to meet Leah Still and her father Devon last night. Such an inspiration and also such a sweetheart of a girl. Very glad to welcome them into the Texans family! #LeahStrong, Snapchat: JJWatt.99, null, They've helped me far more than I could ever help them., Appreciate all of the get-well cards, gifts & well-wishes! Life would be boring if it always went smoothly. Embrace the adversity! Love y'all for the support you show, thank you!!! #IllBeBack, I am sorry. Thank you for your support all year., It takes everyone. #Team, null, A picture is worth a thousand words., This is crazy!! Fans never cease to amaze me. How does a barber even do that?!?, Never thought I'd see my face on a pair of socks. Walked in and Junior said "look what's been keeping my feet warm while I've been in here." What a crazy life. Kids are awesome. Junior is a champ. #YesImWearingTheSameClothesAsYesterday #DontActLikeYouveNeverDoneIt #ItsVeryComfortable, "I'm a cotton-headed ninnymuggins." #IJustLikeSmiling #SmilingsMyFavorite, One of the most thoughtful gifts I've ever received in my fan mail. Thank you Sammy Burr. Anyone who knows me knows how important my grandpa was in my life and how hard my brothers and I work to make his family name proud. This is an incredible painting that I will cherish. I miss you Grandpa., If y'all see Alex at the game tomorrow night, be sure to say hello. He's come all the way from Canada to be with us for the game!, null, null, null, It's the little things. #LoveYourJob, Family, friends, teammates, coaches, fans, so many people and so much to be thankful for. Happy Thanksgiving to y'all and your families!, We play a game. Yes, to many of us it is much more than a game, but at the end of the day it is just that, a game. It is not life or death. We are not going off to war, we are not putting our lives on the line, we are not protecting our country's freedom. But we are in the headlines, we become household names and we are often the role models that children look up to. I am not saying that it is right, but it is what it is. Therefore, when we get the opportunity, it is only right that we honor the true heroes of this county, the men & women who truly deserve the credit, the headlines and the recognition. That is why it is such an honor to carry this flag onto the field, to wear the camouflage gear, to visit with military members and take trips like the USO tour. Not because it looks cool (although I can't deny that it does), but because of what it represents. The hard work, the blood, the sweat, the tears, the lives lost, the families that have sacrificed, the men & women who lay absolutely everything on the line for this country and for our freedom. That is why days like yesterday are so special. That is why we try to use our platform as athletes to honor and show our appreciation for the military. We play a game, we don't deserve the worship that we often receive. You do. So thank you, to every man and woman out there who has previously or is currently serving in our military. Also thank you to their families, who have sacrificed so much as well. You all are the true heroes. You are the ones who deserve the fanfare. Thank you., I wish I could be there today as you take the field at Camp Randall for the last time Derek. I couldn't be more proud of the way you work, the way you carry yourself & the man you've become. I love you and I am extremely proud to be your brother. Have a great Senior Day., 4am, just walked in the door after the flight home. Incredible team win against a very good football team, on the road. Now on to the next one. Also, remember that life is much bigger than any game. Thoughts continue to be with Paris as they continue to recover from such a terrible tragedy., 🇫🇷, null, Veterans are true heroes. We cannot thank you and your families enough. #VeteransDay🇺🇸, null, Happy Birthday Derek!!!, Tickets to the 2015 JJ Watt Foundation Charity Classic go on sale today at 10am!!!

http://tickets.com

#SellOutMinuteMaid, You can raise awareness in any month. All Pink Everything. #BreastCancerAwareness, Bose, Y'all crashed the ticket site & sold out the game in minutes the last 3 years. So we're taking it up a notch. Time to sell out Minute Maid.

Tickets go on sale Nov. 7th at 10am
http://tickets.com, Great Team Win. #Houston, Rest In Peace beautiful girl., This is my story. 
Tonight on ESPN at 8pm EST/7pm CST., #BabyBeard, Happy Birthday bro!, Wish I could be there to give you a hug in person, but I'll see you on Sunday. Happy Birthday Mom! I love you!!!, I'm a kid from a small town in Wisconsin. Nobody gave me a blueprint on how to handle fame, fortune & success. I'm doing my best every single day to make the most of this opportunity and to make my family, friends and fans proud. This is my story. 

Coming 10.20.15

http://youtu.be/xhQo01irXn4, Happy 98th Birthday Great-Grandma. I love you., This. Is. Awesome. #MindBlown, But where is Kelly Kapowski..., This showed up at my door yesterday... Justin Timberlake The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, We have amazing fans all over the world. KD and I wanted to flip the script and be the fans for a change. #DreamFearlessly American Family Insurance

http://youtu.be/YOZuki2CJnE, This is news? I'm 26 & single. It's not exactly the end of the world, I'm doing alright., 9.11.2001 🇺🇸 #NeverForget, Behind the scenes. Men's Health, I'm not going to lie, I'm flexing my abs as hard as a 290-pound man possibly can in this new Men's Health cover., Game Week. Finally., The best football player on the planet., null, Go get yours today.
Happy Hunting.
#HuntGreatness
http://m.reebok.com/us/jj-watt-hunt-greatness-tee/B92471.html, Mizzen+Main, This is crazy. Nicole has had multiple strokes in her life and doctors told her that she may never talk or walk ever again. She said that her main motivation to fight to be able to walk again was so that she could someday stand up under her own power and walk into NRG Stadium and give me a hug. Well yesterday was that day. Nicole stood up out of her chair, took a few steps toward me and gave me a huge hug. Absolutely incredible stuff., Business on the field, smiles off of it. Greatest job in the world. #TrainingCamp, It's an honor & a privilege to represent the people of Houston and the great state of Texas. We don't take that responsibility lightly., Ronda Rousey & I wear it. Any more questions? #TeamReebok

https://youtu.be/83Su7YPDz4I, Morning workout in the H, quick trip to ATL, back in H-Town before sundown. #DreamBigWorkHard, Much thanks to Ivan and the guys at USC for letting me use the weight room all week while I'm out here in LA. Very much appreciated., ESPYs, I'm not even going to try to pretend like I acted cool when this happened. #LifeMade, This stuff is still crazy cool every time. #DBWH, Friday's. 

#NoItsNotAMaxOutRep #MorningSessionIsCake #AfternoonIsRealDeal 
#BradTriesToCrushMe #Hashtags, Humbled & Motivated. #ThankYou, Home., A beautiful 74 years young & she said, "show me how fast this thing goes." Happy Birthday Grandma! #iLoveYou, Our women are awesome. #USA🇺🇸, null, Wall Mount?, Nobody messes with Zac Brown Band, Operation Red Wings. 6-28-05. #NeverForget, #Clapper, Workout. Golf. Workout. Hockey. Golf. Film Study. Hell of a day. #OffseasonLife, Sunday., #FathersDay, Home., Happy Birthday Dad, This needs no caption! Arnold Schwarzenegger!!!!, #CMTawards, "I've got some good friends that live down the street..." #CMTawards, As a kid growing up in Wisconsin, we didn't have our own team and I didn't know what a fair-weather fan was, I just liked watching good hockey. So I supported both the Red Wings & the Blackhawks. Rooting for the Hawks in the Cup. #OhNoHeTookASelfie #ItsTheOffseasonRelax, When I started the JJ Watt Foundation I thought it would be amazing if we funded $100K for kids. We just funded our 1,000,000th dollar. Incredible., null, National Jersey Day. #TeamHouston, Written last year, but still represents my feelings today. Thank you to every man & woman who has served. #MemorialDay, Champions., Throwback to when this happened in the 1st half of the Bills game..., RePost @chrisgougler - 

"Mason spending time with "her boyfriend" again today.", Clutch City! #HTown, null, International Firefighters Day. #ThanksDad, Can't even begin to describe how unbelievably thankful I am to the fans, to my teammates and to our great volunteers. Last night we raised over $640,000 for JJ Watt Foundation and we're going to help change so many kids lives because of it. Thank You!!! #DreamBigWorkHard, Don't have tickets the the JJ Watt Foundation Charity Classic but still want to make an impact? Text JJW99 to 80108 to donate. Thank you for helping to change kids lives! #DBWH, null, null, It's been a fun 24 hours. 

Common Eva Longoria Barbara Bush Foundation, Yesterday was fun., Last walk with the land for a bit. #OhNoHeTookASelfie #ItWasntRightBeforeAGame #ItFeelsLikeTheMiddleOfNowhere  #RedNation #Houston #Hashtag, Never Satisfied. 61" at 293 lbs. #HuntGreatness, null, null, null, Complacency. Kills. Progress., SOURCES: 3-team, 3-sport trade. Adam Banks to T.C. Williams Titans, Henry Rowengartner to Mighty Ducks, Julius Cambell to Chicago Cubs. Also hearing reports that Jesus Shuttlesworth may be on the move., Single-sport specialization amongst youth today is troubling. Let kids be kids. They'll become better all-around athletes & have more fun., #Family, This arrived today. So many people helped make it happen. Again. Thank you to all my teammates. #Motivation, One weekend a year, 10 best friends from high school. We used to train together before school at 6am. Always remember where you came from & who helped get you here., 2015 Charity Classic tickets go on sale tomorrow morning at 9am at the Constellation Field box office and online at Ticket Return. Come out and have some fun with us! Thank you for your outstanding support!, This is pretty cool. Thank you to the reporters & photographers who help preserve the memories., Just having some fun #ProBowl, Pro Bowl., Thank you to Arizona State for allowing me to workout at their facilities all week. Home of a Hero. #PT42, Katy Perry, null, If this is yours, can I take a spin?, null, Y'all make every second of work worth it. Thank you., As an athlete, it's such a cool feeling to see photos of people receiving your jersey or shirt as a gift... Thank you for sharing those moments., Turbo Man, Rock 'Em Sock 'Em Robots & a Weenie Whistle... Best family ever!!! #ItsTurboTime, Always great spending time with the lovely Mrs. Barbara Bush, The original! #Beast, This kid has some guts... I like it., Holiday shopping & helping kids with JJ Watt Foundation all in one spot... http://www.campuscustoms.com/jjwatt/apparel.html, Team Win. #HTown, Mr. Do-It-All... So many talents, such a great work ethic. Good seeing you last night Justin Timberlake, Hope today was as much fun for y'all as it was for us., That was fun., Texas.

 (ESPN The Magazine), Dream Big, Work Hard. #Crazy, True Heroes., Today was cool., I've wanted to be able to do this my whole life. For all you've worked & sacrificed, you deserve it. Happy Birthday Mom! I love you., I love this game., Family, friends, teammates, coaches, teachers, doubters, supporters all over the world... Thank You. The work only intensifies from here.

Dream Big, Work Hard., While we've been a bit busy with camp, I have seen the ice bucket challenges that have been sent my way. #FightALS, null, Captain Dowling doing very well & making great progress, wearing his jersey representing Fire Station 68. #TrueHero, From yesterday. Rest in Peace Robin & Joshua., Operation Red Wings Memorial Workout. #NeverForget, One of the coolest gifts I've ever received. Courtesy of my family., Mason made my day today., Memorial Day., null, Supporting Team Never Quit this morning., Missing you everyday, hope you're having a great birthday Grandpa., Mother's Day Weekend with Mom. 

(It's a rental. My mom would kill me if I bought her a Ferrari. #BeFinanciallySmart), New Apparel & Posters available now! All proceeds go to JJ Watt Foundation. Check it out! 

http://www.campuscustoms.com/jjwatt/apparel.html, We raised $436,433 for JJ Watt Foundation at the Charity Classic on Friday night thanks to amazing volunteers, my generous teammates, great sponsors and you unbelievable fans. I cannot thank you enough!!!, White House Correspondents' Dinner with Mom, I am extremely grateful anytime someone makes the decision to spend their hard-earned money on my jersey. When you make that decision, know that I am extremely appreciative and will always do everything in my power to make you proud to wear it. 

Y'all are the best, thank you!!!

http://blog.chron.com/ultimatetexans/2014/04/texans-watt-tops-defenders-in-nfl-player-sales/, Tackling illiteracy with Mrs. Bush, Charity Classic Preparation, Legend., The kids at Trey's school didn't believe that we were friends..., Official 2014 Charity Classic Rosters!, NASCAR. #1 Car with my name on it. Crazy! #WheelsUp, These men have influenced many lives throughout their high school coaching careers. Very fortunate to have been one of them. Never forget who helped get you there., It's always good getting a chance to walk the hallways of my old schools, talk with the kids and see my former teachers. I tried to get the message across to the kids, that I sat in those same classrooms & played on those same fields. The NFL was like another world. There were plenty of reasons why I shouldn't be able to make it & people were quick to remind me of them often. But I had a dream & turned it into a goal. Once you set a goal, it's all about how hard you're willing to work, how much you're willing to sacrifice & how badly you truly want it. You can turn your dreams into reality. It's just much easier to hit the snooze button & let the dream continue, rather than wake up and work towards it. At times my words can sound cliché, I'm fully aware of that. But I truly believe in what I speak and it's what's gotten me where I am today. No dream is too big if you have the right attitude & work ethic. Stop making excuses and start making things happen. #DreamBigWorkHard, Thank you for all of the crazy birthday love, it is very much appreciated! 25 years old, looking forward to what the future holds., He was always there. Practices, games, training sessions, didn't matter. He was there. Literally could not have asked for a better Grandpa. Rest In Peace Grandpa., If you do the bare minimum, expect bare minimum results. You want to be great, work to be great. Nothing just happens., Just in case Patrick Kane calls from Sochi... 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MxI461KrnUE, Tickets went on sale: You crashed the website. Tickets went back on sale: You promptly SOLD OUT the stadium. Thank you!!!, So many people trying to get tickets to the Charity Classic, we crashed the website 1 minute after they went on sale haha! I guess their website wasn't ready to handle the best fans out there!!! Can't thank you guys enough for the crazy support. 

Go here to get your tickets now!

https://www.ticketreturn.com/prod2/BuyClear.asp?EventID=109352&continue=buynew.asp#.UvZT73mYgdt, May 2nd. Under the Lights. Come Join Us. 

Tickets for the 2014 JJ Watt Charity Classic go on sale this Saturday! 

www.sugarlandskeeters.com, Hit 'em with the Surfboard 

(Photo by DTexanz), Pro Bowl., Pro Bowl., null, Meet my friend Billy and hear his story. #StopBullying 

http://youtu.be/gAkBv1qfhtE, We've been fortunate enough to travel the world and see many places. As an athlete & competitor, today may have been my favorite of them all. #Colosseum #GladiatorMentality, Memorial Day 2012, the day the Dietz family entered my life and I first saw into the Navy SEAL community. Everyone go see Lone Survivor and learn about true American heroes., Morning jog in Paris down the Champs-Élysées with the bros. #ArcDeTriomphe, Quick workout in London with Big Ben in the background. Derek Watt TJ Watt, New Year, Fresh Start. Last night with Dre, With that being said, a new year & fresh start await. Thank you to all the fans who stuck through thick & thin. Very much appreciated., This season sucked. It's not acceptable and it won't happen again., Very cool gift from the Houston Fire Department today. Truly above and beyond. They deserve all of the appreciation and credit, not the other way around., Just a kid from Pewaukee. Now my own comic book... Crazy! Thank you DC Comics & Gatorade for sharing my story. Dream Big Work Hard!, Thank you to everyone who has helped me further the JJWF mission so far and to all of those who will help in the future. You're truly helping change lives. The 'Dream Big Work Hard' clothing line is here for the holidays. 

http://www.campuscustoms.com/jjwatt/apparel.html, College Football & Christmas., Coach Kub is a great man & always handles himself with class. I'm grateful for him giving me an opportunity in this league 3 years ago. Wishing him all the best as he moves on., Regardless of what the situation may be, today is always a great day to step back and be reminded of all that there is to be thankful for. I'm thankful to have family & friends who are always supportive. Thankful for the opportunity to play the game I love. Thankful for all of you. Happy Thanksgiving from my family to yours., It was truly an honor to carry our country's flag onto the field & recognize all those who work is hard and sacrifice so much to protect it. #SaluteToService, Thank you Grandpa (Korean War Vet) and all of the men & women who sacrifice so much to protect our freedom. #TrueHeroes, Pretty cool to see all the pictures of 99 costumes for Halloween. Very fortunate to be able to wear it for real every Sunday. #HappyHalloween, Rest In Peace Bum. You are missed. #LuvYaBlue, Happy Birthday Mom. I love you., Very fortunate to have a job that gives me an opportunity to make a difference both on & off the field. 

http://t.co/KO5vywXsVP, Liberty White., Dream Big Work Hard, GQ., Feels good to be back., What it's like... 

http://t.co/BdSZpF2KrH, Suspenders..., Shhhhh.... 

http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=3WgICz4I20c, Sat here all day watching hundreds of videos of you guys performing acts of kindness all around the country. Truly inspiring. The winner is Virginia Davis and she'll be hanging out with me next week. As for everyone else, don't worry. If you made an entry, there's still a chance you might be the recipient of an act of kindness throughout the season.

<iframe src="//instagram.com/p/bw2JF1yG8U/embed/" width="612" height="710" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" allowtransparency="true"></iframe>, Help yourself by helping others. Contest details are here. #JJ4aDay, I'm going to do a contest to hang out with me for a day. No cameras, no media, just you & I. We'll workout, run, eat, study, etc. A real day in the life, not one produced for TV or media. Y'all in?, Motherly Love, Play like you're in first, train like you're in last., Chuck Norris is a class act., The only way I know how to say thank you is to give you everything I have as a player & as a person. I promise that will never change., Lifting in my high school weight room, wearing shoes with my own name on them. #DreamBigWorkHard, Not all eyes are focused on the same trophy tonight, My hometown, null, Captain Matt Renaud, Engine-Operator Rob Bebee, Fire Fighter Rob Garner & Fire Fighter Anne Sullivan. #NeverForgotten, Fans come in all shapes & sizes. This was a cool moment at the meet & greet yesterday..., I love this city, To everyone who has made it possible to live freely in this great country, Thank You. You are true heroes. #NeverForget, Coming Soon. #MegaWatt, Wisconsin! Come hang out with me back where it all started on June 22nd at the Justin J. Watt Foundation 5K Run/Walk!

http://jjwfoundation.org/newsevents/5k-runwalk/, Selfless, dedicated, hard working & passionate, you are truly remarkable. Working hard every single day to make you proud. I love you Mom, No dream is too big if you have the right attitude & work ethic. I'm just getting started., Mic'd Up from the Charity Classic on Saturday... 

http://bit.ly/ZRTRX5, Happy 10th Birthday Aaron, Congrats to Peter & Aaron on winning Nationals & hello from Willa., The official rosters for Saturday's JJ Watt Charity Softball Classic have been released! 

Get your tickets today at www.SugarLandSkeeters.com, So many worked so hard to earn the joy that today was supposed to bring. A coward has replaced that joy with tragedy. Thoughts are with you Boston, He's been training me since my sophomore year of high school., You reap what you sow. #DBWH, Cannot express enough how much I appreciate the love shown this weekend. Best fans out there., Houston! I love this city., Oh the places you'll go, Thank you for all of the birthday love. Best fans in the world. 23 was fun, but working hard to make 24 even better. It's just the beginning!, Game of two-hand touch with the troops in Afghanistan., Want to say something to the troops overseas? Post a comment on here and I'll show them my phone to scroll through your thoughts during the USO Tour., USO Tour coming up. Couldn't be more excited to go personally thank the men & women who make our lives possible. True Heroes., Happy International Women's Day to ladies all over the world!, Hello Ireland... 

For more pictures, newly created Instagram account: @justinjames99, Was told I can't possibly replicate last year. Why would I want to? I'm not putting in all this work to do what's already been done. #NewHeights, Ok, I feel like I need to address this. I see all of the prom invitations and I am flattered, but unfortunately I cannot take you all. 

Love you guys and appreciate your unbelievable support. Meet me at Reliant on gamedays this fall and we'll dance there., Offense vs. Defense Charity Softball Game. April 27th, 2013. Noon at Constellation Field. For more info, visit JJWFoundation.org

Tickets go on sale March 15th at 9am at the Constellation Field box office or online at www.sugarlandskeeters.com, You get what you work for, not what you wish for., Happy Valentine's Day ladies., Hanging out with the Berry kids and The Wanted out here in Los Angeles..., I see you all and appreciate you all. I wish I could respond to everyone and fulfill all requests. Doing as much as I can. Thank you for the unbelievable support., It is an individual award earned by the hard work of many. Thank you to all of my teammates, coaches, front office & staff., Thanks to your help, we found 6-year-old Breanna and she said yes to being my pretend wife for the day..., Does anyone happen to know this cute little girl? We have to find her and turn those tears into a smile. 

http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=938Scds6fZA, Aloha..., Won't be satisfied until we bring a championship to this city. Thank you teammates, coaches & fans for everything. The best is yet to come., Our new friends from Newtown, CT., Seeing pictures of people all ages getting #99 gear for Christmas is crazy. Can't thank you enough for the support! Working hard to make you proud., To all of our military members, firefighters, police, doctors & nurses who can't be with their families this holiday season, we thank you! Happy Holidays!, null, Houston, we've got your back., Our thoughts are with you Newtown, CT., Horrific. Simply horrific. Thoughts go out to all of the parents, teachers, family members, responders & saddest of all, the kids., Texas Children's Hospital this morning. Happy Holidays!, Just having some fun. #BullsOnParade, My grandma & great-grandma seeing where I work for the first time. Thankful to have them down for a visit., Great win. Let's Eat! Happy Thanksgiving., Great win. No time to reflect on it, Thursday comes quick. More work to be done. Never Satisfied., Traded in the uniform for a suit on Friday night for the Festari Charity Fashion Show. Had a great time., Love our fans, love this city. #TeamHouston, This is the stuff I dreamt about as a kid. Crazy. Hard work pays off, we're just getting started., Bye Week doesn't mean Off Week. #NeverSatisfied, It's good to be a Texan., null, null, Never Satisfied., Bulls On Parade, Houston, Texas. Home of the Texans., null, It has only just begun. #BullsOnParade, 7 Days., Back in Action., null, Adversity makes you stronger. I will be on the field against the Dolphins. Better than ever. #BullsOnParade, Locked in. See you on the field. #DBWH, This is crazy!, Welcome back to Houston Jeremy Lin, glad things worked out the way they did. #TeamHouston, Want to say a quick thank you to every fan who spends their hard-earned money on my jersey. Working hard to make you proud to wear that #99, Today has been one of the coolest days of my life., Bulls on Parade vs. Elephants on Parade, null, null, null, null, June 28, 2005. Operation Red Wings. 11 Navy SEALs & 8 Army Nightstalkers paid the ultimate sacrifice to protect our freedom. #NeverForget, Hey Dwight Howard come join the party. Houston is the place to be., Don't forget what got you there. #LetsWork, Had a great time with the kids at the YMCA and the kids at the Pewaukee Library today. Good kids. #DBWH, Just landed in Minnesota. Still no sign of Paul Bunyan's Axe. #OnWisconsin, Great day in LA hanging out with the kids at Kipp Raices Academy. Current players & Hall of Famers coming together for a good cause. #Play60, Her smile is priceless., Two beautiful ladies in our lives. Love you Mom & Grandma!, Wisconsin fans, meet me at the finish line! Come out to the Justin J. Watt Foundation 5K Run/Walk this Saturday at Pewaukee High School!, Throwback Thursday., Check out what came in the mail today., Three posts in one night, too many, I know. But this one is special to me. This is the reason that we created the Justin J. Watt Foundation! Sports have benefits far beyond just the playing field --> http://t.co/IDIkRzP5, Hey Houston, Jose Altuve hit a HR & stole home today and is hitting .326 on the year. Get your votes in, make him an All-Star. #TeamHouston, "When people can't do something themselves, they're going to tell you that you can't do it. You want something, go get it. Period." #DBWH, You know you're in for a good time when you ride with the Texans. Catching a movie after OTA's this morning., null, "@CodyRost: $10 says I love Chipotle more than @JJWatt does.” <-- You owe me $10, Glad I got the chance to spend a few moments with Coach Bum Phillips today. Great wisdom. Houston Legend., Thank You. #NeverForgotten, Spending the day with moms, wives & widows of US Navy Seals. Their sons & husbands are true American heroes., New look for 2012?, Always remember your roots, while also embracing your current situation., Call me maybe, null, Texans fans of all ages..., Grand Opening of BBVA Compass Stadium. #TeamHouston, Grand Marshal point of view..., Texans fans everywhere., Happy Mothers Day Mom! Living every day in an effort to make you proud of the boys you've raised. Thank you for everything, I love you., Doubters will doubt, haters will hate, but at the end of the day it is you who controls your own fate. #DrSeussMotivation, Anyone else leave the theater after watching The Avengers feeling like you could bust through a brick wall?, Thinking about adding Rex Kwon Do to my training regimen..., Send us Bulls On Parade t-shirts and we wear them., Meeting this little guy at the Texans Draft Party was definitely the highlight of my weekend. Moments like these make our job awesome. #Thankful, Welcome to the squad Whitney Mercilus! Big Ten Pride. #BullsOnParade, With the Draft tomorrow, remember not to jump to conclusions before the guy ever steps foot onto the field...

http://houston.culturemap.com/newsdetail/04-29-11-texans-will-rue-the-night-they-took-pizza-boy-watts-over-nick-fairley-houston-lover/, RIP Pat Tillman. #Hero, null, Things I never thought I'd see in my locker: Motor Oil. Thank you Royal Purple., Very excited about picking up this hand-written play by Vince Lombardi at Schaub's charity dinner last night. #Legend, null, Thanks to all of the fans who offered to play yesterday. This is why social media is awesome... 

http://blog.houstontexans.com/2012/04/10/j-j-watt-golfs-with-fans-it-was-a-lot-of-fun/, All three Watt brothers are going to wear the Cardinal & White! So happy to have TJ join the Badger family! #OnWisconsin, JJ Watt & Connor Barwin take in the action at a recent Rockets game. #TeamHouston, Excited to check out the Rockets game tonight. #TeamHouston, This is cool..., Thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes, they're greatly appreciated. Working hard to make each year better than the last! #DBWH, This one is for my mom, grandma & great-grandma..., Wow, what an honor!, Congrats to Mario as he moves on. He's a great guy & player. Houston, be sure to thank him for his contributions. With that being said... The city of Houston got a taste of the playoffs last year & is thirsty for a championship. We're working hard to bring one home. #TeamHouston, Eastbay cover shoot in Chicago with Barwin. #BullsOnParade, Love seeing Texans fans in my home state of Wisconsin., Give Blood, Save Lives!, Look what finally arrived in the mail. #HoustonLegend, Never let someone tell you that your goals are unrealistic. That just means they don't see things the way you do. #DBWH, null, All members of the military. #ThankYou, Remember when you guys helped me get in touch with Camden, the young fan with the 99 sign? I got to meet him today..., Ready to roll., Out here with Andre as Grand Marshals of the Houston Rodeo Parade. #Honored, It's crazy how much your life can change in one year. #DBWH, Hopping on a plane to Oregon for a Nike photo shoot tomorrow, then off to Houston for the rodeo parade this weekend. #VeryFortunate, Happy Valentines Day to all of the lovely lady Texans & lady Badgers out there. Hope you all have a great day!, Adele. #Unbelievable, Since the day I arrived in Houston, I heard that the Texans & the Rodeo were the biggest events around. Humbled & honored to be part of both., Truly honored to be named Grand Marshal of the Houston Rodeo Parade, along with Andre. Everyone in Houston has been great to me so far and I am proud to part of such a great community. #Texans
 
http://t.co/gmhirgux, So many choices..., I would like to learn how to play the guitar., Team Gatorade. #WinFromWithin, Leaving Indy, motivated now more than ever to make it to this game next year. The only way to get there is to work for it. Relentlessly. #DBWH, Just left UW Children's Hospital, visiting fellow defensive end & Badger fan Dayne. Team #DBWH, Thanks to your help, I got in contact with Camden & will be sending him a pair of signed game-worn cleats & gloves., This little guy is awesome! If you know him, let me know so I can send him some gear! #GoTexans, Snow!, Had a great couple of days at ESPN representing the Badgers, Texans & JJW Foundation. Excited to head home now to spend some time with family & friends., En route to the ESPN Headquarters in Bristol, CT. This is my schedule if you'd like to tune in: Tonight - 6:40pm- @NFL32 • 7:15pm- @SportsCenter • 7:30pm- @HillSchlereth • Tomorrow - 9:15am- @MikeAndMike • 12:15pm- @TheHerd • 1pm- @notthefakeSVP (all times Eastern), Houston, we aren't satisfied. We have big things in mind for this team & this city and we will work tirelessly to accomplish our goals. #DBWH, This last year has been a whirlwind, but it has been truly awesome thanks to great family, friends, fans, teammates & coaches. #DBWH, Love & appreciate all of the fans and supporters, not only the past 24 hours, but throughout my career so far. Plenty more fun to come! #DBWH, Houston Texans!!! Fans were unbelievable today, thank you all! #BullsOnParade, "Houston, Texas, home of the Texans!" Check out the music video --> http://onsma.sh/mcvua, Getting ready to watch the Rose Bowl, Texas-style. On Wisconsin!, Playoff Time. #BullsOnParade, "Houston, Texas, home of the Texans" Shout-out to Paul Wall for his support for his hometown squad., Hosting Christmas at my house here in Houston for the first time. Thankful to have my family here to share it with. Happy Holidays!, You can't change the past, but you can work hard in the present to take control of your future. #DBWH, That was crazy! Our fans are awesome!!! This is only the beginning though, still a lot of work left to do! #Texans, Headed back to Houston with TJ Yates as Division Champs! #Texans, Division Champions. Playoff Bound. Houston Texans!!!, Montee Ball for Heisman. #OnWisconsin, Badgers vs. Spartans with a trip to Pasadena on the line tonight. On Wisconsin! #RoseBowl, Just got this picture from my buddy at the North Pole... Santa is on board with #DBWH !, Texans DE @JJWatt is up for the Pepsi NFL Rookie of the Week award. Vote now, vote often! bit.ly/rS86uK, Arthur Spooner & Frank Costanza: Jerry Stiller is always hilarious., 1-0. #Texans, Montee Ball & Russell Wilson both deserve to be in the Heisman conversation., Shoutout to all the guys playing their last game at Camp Randall today. Home crowd, trip to the B1G Championship on the line, On Wisconsin!, I want to wish all of my family & friends back in Wisconsin a very Happy Thanksgiving and I also want to thank all of the families here in Houston who extended an invite to me for Thanksgiving dinner. Your kindness is much appreciated. #VeryThankful, Congratulations to Ryan Braun on winning the NL MVP! #BrewCrew, Back to work in Houston. 1-0. #DBWH, Madison, what's up!, Hanging out at Pewaukee School District today with my 4th grade teacher Mrs. Keefe!, Wisconsin, it feels great to see you again., Houston, Texas., Great to see the Axe staying in Madison for yet another year. And big congrats to Montee on breaking the Big Ten TD record. #OnWisconsin, Thank you to Grandpa Watt and all the rest of the brave men & women who have served in the US Military. True American Heroes. #VeteransDay, Happy 236th Birthday to the US Marine Corps and thank you for all that you do. Utmost respect to all those who defend our country. #Salute, Happy 19th Birthday to my brother Derek! #OnWisconsin, Perk of playing in the NFL: being able to afford to hand out king size candy bars to the trick-or-treaters on Halloween. #BigSmiles, #BattleRed, Battle Red, I was just told, "you look a lot like JJ Watt. You guys have kinda the same haircut.", The United States Military and all those who serve in it have my utmost respect. True American Heroes. #ThankYou, Russell Wilson is the real deal. Welcome to the Big Ten, Nebraska. We are the Real Big Red., No better college gameday atmosphere in America than that of Madison, Wisconsin on a day like today. Hope everyone enjoys it! On Wisconsin!, Badger fans don't need any more reason to get pumped up for this game. First Big 10 Game of the year, in Camp Randall, at night... Badger Nation is always ready! On Wisconsin!, Congrats to everyone in the Brewers organization!, 2-0. #GoTexans, Off to Miami. #GoTexans #OnWisconsin, Just got this package in the mail today. I'm all set to rep the 'W' down here in Houston. On Wisconsin!, Reliant was rockin' today, the pre-game ceremony for 9.11.2001 was incredible and we came away 1-0. Gotta love it! #Texans, Can't wait to play in my first NFL game tomorrow. Hard work pays off, thanks to everyone who has helped get me to this point in my life! #DBWH, Tomorrow is a day to remember those who lost their lives on 9/11 and to honor true American heroes: Firefighters, Police Officers & Soldiers. #WeWillNeverForget, Hearing great things about the Badgers! I'm sure Camp Randall was rockin' tonight... Definitely going to miss playing there, but always a Badger at heart! #OnWisconsin, Thanks to the Gophers for letting us use their weightroom today. OD & I couldn't pass up this chance to rep the W though... yfrog.com/gz8ghyshj, Tomorrow night at 7pm, TJ kicks off with the Pewaukee Pirates, Derek kicks off with the Wisconsin Badgers & I kick off with the Houston Texans. #Brothers, Just landed in Minnesota. No sign of Paul Bunyan's Axe anywhere... Just the way it should be. On Wisconsin!, Chris Maragos and I after the recent game in San Francisco. On Wisconsin!, LOL, this was sent in by a fan today..., Nothing comes easy. Watch as I adjust to the extreme Texas heat with my new team in @Gatorade’s #Everything2Prove series bit.ly/he0FEZ, Sincerely appreciate all of the support from everyone. Felt great to start the season off with a win in the home stadium. My football career started in 5th grade, watching Monday Night Football and dreaming of playing on the big stage one day. Last night it became reality. -- Dream Big Work Hard, Monday Night Football. #DBWH, Officially signed as a member of the Houston Texans! Can't wait to hit the field & get to work. #DBWH, Felt great to get into Reliant Stadium and get some work done today. Football is Back! #DBWH, Football is Back!, Where is the best BBQ in Houston?, Hanging out with DeMeco at the Rose Bowl for the Verizon shoot. Go Texans!, Two very contrasting hairstyles out here at the Rose Bowl with Clay Matthews for this Verizon shoot., Another picture from BP with the Astros., Having a Home Run contest with Carlos Lee..., Workouts in the morning, then headed out to Minute Maid Park tomorrow night to take batting practice with the Astros., Big props to the Hardee boys for putting this together on their own, even in the rain. Very thoughtful move by them. 

http://bit.ly/pF5bZy, The power of social media let me to a couple of new friends down here in Houston today. These are some truly remarkable kids...

http://bit.ly/qKgxtJ, I'm going to visit the Berry children at the hospital today. Leave a comment below if you have any words of encouragement you'd like me to pass along to them! 

http://t.co/yeAiRDH, Just found this picture from Draft night... On Wisconsin!, So I'm watching the ESPY's and all I see is Justin Bieber on the TV. They do realize that this is a Sports Show and not the MTV Awards, right?, null, Think I could make it in the MLB?, Great picture from today's batting practice with the Brewers. 7 Home Runs!, Taking Batting Practice with the Brewers tonight., http://bit.ly/ovNnRb, Help Us Help Others! Come out to the @JJWFoundation Blood Drive in Pewaukee THIS THURSDAY, July 7th. Sign Up Online Now! http://bit.ly/fvMNXp, Happy 4th of July! Thank you to all troops & veterans for your service to ensure that we may enjoy the freedoms of this great country. #USA, Braun, Prince & Weeks all starting in the All-Star Game, representing for the Brew Crew. Wisconsin Pride! Hunter Pence representing for Houston. #NewCitySupporter, Yeahhh Buddy!!!, If you ever feel like you've "made it" you're probably not going to make it much further. When you accomplish one goal, create another. #DBWH, Thank you once again to the Milwaukee Brewers organization for a first class night for my family & friends. We're always treated too well at Miller Park and to top it all off, it was a great win. Go Brew Crew!, Jon Leuer to the Bucks. Yeahhh Buddy!, Thoughts & Prayers go out to the family and friends of the female student who was killed today in Madison by a metro bus. Extremely sad news., Best picture from the Justin J. Watt Foundation 5K Run/Walk. He ran the entire 5K in this outfit!, Unbelievable support from everyone today at the 5K Run/Walk, over 200 participants! We can't thank you enough for everything you do to help us help the kids! #DBWH, Anyone want to go on a walk with me tomorrow morning? 

Meet me at Horizon School in Pewaukee before 10am, bring $10 for the Justin J. Watt Foundation to help the kids and we'll get you a t-shirt and go for a 5K walk. We'll have some great raffle items as well, including an awesome 4th of July Brewers ticket package, an autographed Badger Fan package & much more., Got my T-Shirt today for the Justin J. Watt Foundation 5K Run/Walk. Join me at Horizon School in Pewaukee on Saturday to get yours! Registration: 8:00-10:00am Run/Walk Start: 10:00am Entry Donation: $10.00, Sorry to see Chancellor Biddy leave, but wish her nothing but the best. Where do I fill out my application for the open position? My policies: Any snow over 2" = Snow Day & Replace exam week with campus-wide Ultimate Frisbee Tourney., I wonder how much a floor seat to the Mavs-Heat game costs. All I know is this couch at my parents house is free & concessions are included!, Guy at the airport saw my Texans shirt & asked how I thought they'd be this year. He said "I hope that big white kid from Wisconsin is good", Had a good week in Houston working out and supporting the Aeros & Astros. Headed back to the great state of Wisconsin now., Airport prices are outrageous. Flights, parking, bags, food, everything... It has to be tough for families to take vacations now days., State Champion! Congrats bro!!! #DBWH, Dirk Nowitzki looks like Captain Sig Hansen from Deadliest Catch., Putting work in... #DBWH, Thank you to all members of the military, past & present for everything you do to protect our country. Your sacrifices help to ensure that we may enjoy the freedom that we do and for that, we cannot thank you enough., Big thanks to TeRonde Photography for these pictures & video from my recent visit to Horizon Elementary! 

http://bit.ly/iFVsyh, Gatorade gives you a glimpse into what I'm doing to try and take my game to the next level... Dream Big Work Hard! 

http://bit.ly/jRVWYF, Cliché? Maybe, but I had to do it... #Texas, Headed to Houston in the morning!, Thank you to Ryan Braun, Bob Uecker, Randy Olewinski & the entire Milwaukee Brewers organization for making today a memorable day at the ballpark for our group. Go Brew Crew!, Just got this awesome gift from a fan. It's hand-carved out of wood! Definitely one of the coolest gifts I've ever received... #DBWH, Very cool video of my arrival in Houston after the Draft. Thanks to HoustonTexans.com for chronicling my first trip to my new home. Go Texans!

http://bit.ly/lNeGv2, Complacency is the kryptonite of progress. #DBWH, Happy Mother's Day to the hardest working woman I know! There aren't enough words to thank you for everything you've done for me mom. Love you!, Gas prices are outrageous right now., Headed out to lift & condition now, then going to visit all of my teachers from elementary school thru high school., Headed up to the high school for some nighttime lifting & conditioning, Could see my breath while cutting the grass this morning... In May. Wisconsin weather, Watching Rudy right now. I remember watching this movie over & over as a kid just hoping for a chance to play college football someday, Doing some research on Houston now. Where to live, where to eat, what to do, etc... Any suggestions?, Just cleaned out my locker at Camp Randall in preparation for the move to Houston... Badger for Life, Proud to be a Texan., Excited to get back in the weightroom & on field after the long weekend. Much more comfortable in workout clothes than in suit & tie., Huge Shoutout to the US Military!, Back home in Wisconsin... What a weekend., Headed to the NFLPA One Team Celebration in NYC with fellow rookies, current players & veterans., My brothers & I in the middle of Times Square. Repping the Badgers &
 Texans of course, Great visit today at Reliant Stadium with all of the Texans coaches & staff. Thankful to be joining this great organization! DBWH, Just landed in Houston! The fans have already been great, can't wait to go check out Reliant Stadium, Getting on the plane now. Next stop: Houston!!!, Hopping on a plane to Houston first thing in the morning. Can't wait to be introduced as a Texan tomorrow! DBWH, Proud to be a Texan!!!, Today is the culmination of one amazing journey & the start of a new one. Thank you to everyone who has helped get me to this point in my life, Gonna try to get some sleep now. Tomorrow will be a great day, Tim McGraw concert now with Blaine Gabbert after dinner with the President. Crazy, just a kid from small-town Wisconsin. Hard Work Pays Off, Shoutout to NFL Players Association for setting us rookies up with a great weekend here in NYC and also shoutout to Beats By Dre. Rookie Debut 2011, Already been a crazy time in NYC and we've only been here for a few hours. Meeting someone very important tonight. Crazy, Think I could be a meteorologist someday?, Think I could be a meteorologist someday?, Thank you to Capital Grille Milwaukee for a great lunch. Headed to Fox6 Studios now to talk about the draft and JJ Watt Foundation, Myself and the always beautiful Jen Lada at the ESPN Milwaukee studios, Great last lift before heading off to New York tomorrow. Dream Big, Work Hard!, Rise & Grind. DBWH, No dream is too big if you have the right attitude & work ethic. Dream Big, Work Hard, Never in a million years thought I'd see the day that I was made into
 a Fathead, If you want to be the best, you better be willing to work harder than the rest. DBWH, Headed up to Madison for the Spring Game today. On Wisconsin, R.I.P. Pat Tillman who was killed in action 7 years ago today. Gave up his NFL career to fight for our freedom., Great conditioning workout tonight. The 2011 NFL Draft is one week away... DBWH, Night time sprint workout coming up., Just finished up a lift with Chris Maragos and both of my brothers at NXLevel. DBWH, Dream Big Work Hard is a pretty balanced statement. But in reality, the emphasis must be on the hard work to accomplish the big dreams, Excited to check out the new Union South tonight., Excited to hear that people are interested in the JJ Watt Foundation 5K Run/Walk. It will be held June 18th in Pewaukee. Details coming soon!, Happy 8th Birthday Jaxson Hinkens!!! Fear nothing, Today is going to be a great day. DBWH, Love hearing that everyone is starting to receive their wristbands and representing the DBWH lifestyle. Thanks for supporting the kids!, To everyone asking, 'Dream Big Work Hard' wristbands are available here. (Red & Black are available again)
, Get better today. DBWH, The entire terminal just clapped for the military members walking by. That was awesome. Thank You Soldiers, Looks like I'm going to have to sprint through an airport again. At least I'm getting my conditioning in, The 2011 NFL Draft is just two weeks away...DBWH, Just realized they dont have BTN at the hotel. Please let me know how 'Path to the Pros' looks this week. Excited to have Pewaukee on there., Ever sit on a plane and watch people get on, hoping that the big guy doesn't have the seat next to you? I think I'm that guy., You guys have a very wide variety of music choices, I like it. Thanks for the recommendations!, Downloading some new music for my flight tomorrow. Heard anything recently that you liked?, The only way to get better is to put in the work, Thank you to everyone with the Milwaukee Bucks and all of the fans who made tonight a great night for Chris Maragos and I. We had a blast!, Going to talk about DBWH at the Pewaukee Youth Basketball banquet now, then headed to Milwaukee for the Bucks game with Chris Maragos, It's crazy how much your life can change in such a short period of time. Thankful, "Don't Tread on Me", Like him or not, having Tiger in the hunt at the Masters makes golf much more exciting., Order your 'Dream Big Work Hard' wristbands today!!! All proceeds go to the Justin J. Watt Foundation to help kids! --> http://bit.ly/dY1qqO, Love it when a friend texts & asks to put in an extra workout on the weekend. If someone's trying to get better, never hold them back. DBWH, Great picture from the BBall tournament a couple weeks ago. Moments like this make everything worth it!, What would DBWH be without having to face some adversity? Unfortunately the launch is slightly postponed do to a PayPal issue. As soon as DBWH wristbands are available, you will be the first to know. Thank you to everyone for your patience & support!, Trainer killed me this morning... In a good way. DBWH, DBWH Wristbands have arrived and the JJW Foundation is working hard to make them available to order online as early as tomorrow afternoon!, Just sprinted a 5K through the airport with Da'Quan Bowers to catch our connecting flights., Rough morning at the airport so far. First flight canceled, second flight delayed. Turn a - into a + by watching DL Film during the wait, Picture of myself and yesterdays birthday boys... We're attempting to
 look tough lol., Happy Birthday to my twin cousins Ryan & Jacob!, Watching a Rugby game down in Milwaukee... Football without pads? Gotta have some serious guts to do that!, When my trainer explained todays workout, I thought it was an April Fool's joke... It wasn't., Took a quick break from work to play the Mike Tyson Main Event Game on my iPad. Download it for FREE today for your iPhone or iPad!, Conditioning work out was no joke... But, gotta push yourself to the limit to get the most out of your body!, Heading to the gym for a lift & conditioning workout. DBWH, The unveiling of the Justin J. Watt Foundation Logo!, Time to Work. DBWH, Just ordered a fruit plate & plain chicken breast at dinner... Taking some grief from the buddies, but the healthy choices pay off., Check out Episode 6 of Gatorade's Everything to Prove Series as they go behind the scenes with Blaine Gabbert & I, Me, Grandpa & his team at the VA Medical Center. Much respect to all service members, both past & present!, Headed down to the VA Medical Center of Milwaukee with Grandpa Watt to meet some of his buddies. He's a veteran of the Korean War, Time for a pool workout, It is important to have big dreams, but it is even more important to wake up and work towards those dreams., Making dinner over the fire-pit tonight with the family... Can't beat a family meal cooked over an open fire!, Great article on Blaine Gabbert, Just finished up a solid lift with Chris Maragos at NXLevel... Time to grab lunch and watch some film now., Gordon Bombay, Julie the Cat, Goldberg, Charlie Conway, Banksy, Fulton, Avermann, Hans... how could you not love the Ducks??, Great day of filming for 'Path to the Pros'. Glad we're able to showcase the great community of Pewaukee for everyone to see!, Headed up to the high school to ref the Pewaukee Youth Basketball tournament. Love seeing the kids passionate about competing! DBWH, Excited to continue the yearly tradition of refereeing the Pewaukee Youth Basketball tournament tomorrow!, Some video from when we surprised Noah at his school yesterday... Really glad we were able to do this!, Great News: DBWH wristbands have been ordered! They will be available about a week before the Draft. Stay Tuned!, Another picture of Noah & I from this afternoon... Throwing up the W!, Surprised my guy Noah who lives by DBWH and even has it written on his backpack!, Great workout this morning, going to surprise visit a young fan at his school now... Can't wait! DBWH, Today is going to be a great day. DBWH, Working on making DBWH wristbands available just before the Draft... All proceeds will go to the JJW Foundation!, Thank you Gatorade!, The BDay wishes & support just keeps coming... Can't thank everyone enough. Best B-Day present I could ask for from you? To share DBWH with someone who you feel could benefit from it. It Works!, Just had a great visit with Chancellor Biddy Martin up on Bascom. She is always trying to do what's best for the students & the university!, Tune in to ProFootballTalk.com at 11:10am to hear my live interview. I'll try to work in a shout-out to all of you! Haha, Going to bed tonight as a 21 year old, waking up tomorrow as a 22 year old...PS - Tune in to ProFootballTalk.com tomorrow morning at 11:10 am!, Great day of relaxation with family & friends today. Excited to get back to work tomorrow though, Goodnight!, Early Birthday presents from my family... Awesome!, Headed to the Cheesecake Factory and Mall with my family for a birthday celebration a couple days early..., It has officially been confirmed that Jon Leuer is a true Badger. He bleeds Red., High School Track Meets are extremely long... Any upsets happening in the Tournament? I have no access to a TV!, Might have been my best workout since the Combine. We got it in today! DBWH, My bracket contains a lot of Big Ten Love, but I just can't bring myself to name OSU as the champs. Badger Pride, Great workout this morning, time for a Shamrock Shake and some March Madness now!, Truth!!!, Today was a great day. Got to spend time with Mom, Grandma, Great-Grandma, Grandpa, Uncle, Friends & watch both brothers track meet, Great-Grandma and I after a hard-fought match of Rummy 500..., Look what Grandma got! She now knows the difference between a 4-3 and a 3-4 haha, love it!, Took care of the body this morning, headed down to Greenfield now to visit Grandma & Great-Grandma!, Hanging out with the Pewaukee 6th Grade Girls BBall Team. They DBWH!, Had a great time with the 5th Graders at Jefferson Middle School today talking about DBWH, Great morning workout at NXLevel, it feels good to be back. DBWH, If you could win on NHL 2011 by delivering more hits than the other team rather than scoring more goals, I'd be dominant., Calling it an early night tonight. Waking up tomorrow ready to work. DBWH, Check out first 2 episodes of Everything To Prove with Gatorade and catch me in episode 3 coming soon! http://t.co/V9uPzOZ, Thoughts & Prayers go out to everyone affected by the earthquake and tsunami in Japan., I have yet to find a steakhouse that compares to the Tornado Room in Madison. Delicious, Dinner at the Tornado Steakhouse with the guys, up by the Capitol. These protesters are crazy!, Thank You to everyone on campus today who helped with the NFL Network filming. I really appreciate it & it's good exposure for Wisconsin!, On Wisconsin!, Live your life with no regrets & no excuses. DBWH, Looking for Marquette to pull out a 'W' tonight. Wisconsin Pride, Dream Big, Work Hard. No matter how successful you may be, never be satisfied! DBWH, These kids are awesome!, Hanging out with the lunch ladies!, Going to visit all of my elementary, middle & HS teachers this morning. Never forget the people who helped get you where you are. DBWH, About to do a radio interview, then head in to NXLevel to work on some DL drills. Tune in at 5:25 on www.thebig1070.com DBWH, I'm home! Wisconsin, You aren't defined by the clothes you wear or the hairstyle you have, your character & values define who you are. Just be you! DBWH, I'm hungry, so I just said, "Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. With a burrito." No luck, headed to Chipotle., Just finished my last workout at Athletes' Performance. Can't thank everyone here enough for everything they've done for me. DBWH, I'm at the Gatorade offices in Chicago talking about the new G Series products. Great people and great company!, Shout-Out to the group of people who started singing "On Wisconsin" outside the mall cuz I'm wearing a Badger shirt... In Arizona! Awesome, Just signed some stuff for the UW Alumni Club of Arizona for them to auction off to create scholarships! Great Organization., Out here in Arizona catching some balls for Blaine Gabbert to prepare him for Pro Day, No time to take days off and relax, headed in to Athletes Performance now to put in a solid day of work. DBWH, Dream Big, Work Hard!, Headed to the airport to catch a flight to Indy. Let's Do It! DBWH, Love and appreciate all of the support from Badger Nation. Workin’ hard to make you guys proud! DBWH, The world is full of people trying to bring you down. Stay true to you and surround yourself with good people and life will be good! DBWH, Derek is playing in the Wisconsin All-Star Game & raising money for Children's Hospital. Please help him help the kids! http://bit.ly/guj3FK, I cannot stand the smell of cigarette smoke., Goals are not achieved overnight, they are earned one day at a time, one rep at a time, one step at a time. DBWH, I appreciate all the kind words about the SportsCenter piece. I'm excited to get to Indy and show everyone what I can do! DBWH, Favorite Song at the Moment: Aaron Lewis - "Country Boy", I just want to play some football! DBWH, First catch of the day goes to Blaine Gabbert..., We are getting hailed on right now out on the lake... in Arizona., I love Mimi's Cafe... Wish we had them in Wisconsin., Did the announcers just say that Blake Griffin needs to learn to play at 50% effort, because he shouldnt go 100% all the time? What????, Watching film, studying playbooks & learning techniques... To be the best, you have to work harder than the rest! DBWH, Is anyone else watching the Celebrity All-Star Game or just me?, Shout Out to all military personnel who fight to protect our freedom & make our daily lives possible. We appreciate it. Respect, I want to be the best, therefore I must work harder than the rest. DBWH, Heading to the movies... Any suggestions?, At the end of the day, your toughest critic should be the one looking back at you in the mirror. DBWH, Dreams don't come true by laying in bed thinking about them, you have to wake yourself up and work towards them. DBWH, You'll never get where you want to go if you don't first remember where you came from. Always stay true to you. DBWH, Without teachers, where would we be?, Each day brings about new opportunity for improvement. Don't let this chance to better yourself pass you by. DBWH, Arthur Spooner is one of the best television characters ever. King Of Queens, Only at AP can you work out next to guys like Evan Longoria, Manny Ramirez, Tim Tebow, Todd Helton and Landon Donovan on a daily basis..., New DBWH wristbands will be coming soon, with all proceeds going to the Justin J. Watt Foundation., Live your life with no regrets and no excuses. DBWH, Gnight, big day of work ahead tomorrow. Rest and recovery is just as important as the work you put in! DBWH, Had a great time this weekend with my parents in town. Glad I got to spend part of today with the best Valentine ever, my mom!, Badger fans, take a look at OSU's Cam Heyward in a Wisconsin shirt! Thank you BBall Team haha, Happy Valentine’s Day to the most important ladies in my life, my mom, grandma and great-grandma!, Don't ever let anyone tell you that you can't accomplish your dreams. With hard work & dedication anything is possible. DBWH, No egg for me. It would inhibit the ability to DBWH and I will have none of that! No glitz, no glamour, just hard work! DBWH, I wonder what would happen if I showed up to workout tomorrow in an egg, Lady Gaga style..., Working on the Weekend. DBWH, Dinner!, We Do Not Lose In The Kohl Center!!!, I love Wisconsin fans. None better in the country!, #1 Ohio State at #14 Wisconsin... Sound familiar? Looking for a repeat of October 16th!, My dad is making Jersey Shore references right now... Now we know what those guys do at the Fire Dept all day haha, Just realized Valentines Day is coming up and I'm still riding solo... I guess I'm just married to the game. lol, A Culvers is being built right next to the training facility here in AZ... Makes me feel right at home, Make something happen today! DBWH, Anyone else looking forward to the Badgers welcoming Nebraska to the Big Ten at Camp Randall on Oct. 1? On Wisconsin, Respect all, fear none. DBWH, Cold Plunge coming up, 49 degrees, 12 minutes, up to the neck. DBWH, Chocolate chip pancakes sound delicious right about now..., Anyone can do the right thing when the spotlight is on, but true character is measured by how you act when nobody's watching. DBWH, You should see me in here playing this Kinect by myself lol. Looking like a fool, but having a blast., Just got an XBox Kinect... My living room looks like Christmas morning after opening presents., XBox or PS3?, Great morning of workouts, time for cold plunge and lunch now followed by a solid afternoon session. DBWH, Great day of work at API today, time to rest and recover now so we can get back to work tomorrow! DBWH, Contemplating getting an iPhone within the next couple weeks... Anyone have any thoughts on it?, The Path to the Draft continues... Everyday is another step closer to success. Hard work pays off! DBWH, Its DBWH Monday. Wake up and work hard, even if you'd rather sleep in. That's how you get better! DBWH, Speed Option with Ben Roethlisberger?!?!, Super Bowl XLV! Lets Go!!!, Packers or Steelers?, Hydration, rest & recovery are just as essential to success as the work you put in. Headed to bed now. DBWH, Badger Fans are everywhere! Can't wait to come back to Camp Randall and see you guys again on a Bye week. On Wisconsin, Jump Around just came on in the Birds Nest... Feels like a Camp Randall Saturday, but not quite..., Always train with a chip on your shoulder. Your toughest critic should be the one looking back at you in the mirror. DBWH, Great day of work, capped off by getting a VIP Clubhouse Pass to the PGA Tours Phoenix Open on Saturday...thankful, Thanks to everyone for the support, hope you've enjoyed following this journey so far. DBWH, Complacency kills progress. Never be satisfied with where you're at, strive to make yourself better every single day. DBWH, Headed out to the bowling alley with Kristofer O'Dowd & company., Extremely proud day for my family. DBWH works!, Just a reminder on Signing Day, take the Star Rankings with a grain of salt. The hardest workers will be the best players. Period. DBWH, Derek Watt is officially a Wisconsin Badger!!!, The Badgers don't lose in the Kohl Center!!! On Wisconsin, Who's got the best picture of the blizzard that hit the midwest today? I want to see what I'm missing out on..., For everyone wondering, DBWH stands for 'Dream Big, Work Hard.', Two golden retrievers named Bucky and Bascom, that's what I'm going with. Not for a while though., If you were going to get two dogs, what kind would you get?, Hope the guys are having a great time at Chancellor Biddy Martin's place tonight. Excited to get back and see them in March. On Wisconsin, The place to be..., Back to work, time to get better today., If you want to be the best, it's the things you do when nobody is watching that make all the difference., NHL Skills Competition, here we go! Lol, Good luck to Lance, Moff and Gabe at the Senior Bowl today., In order to get better, you must push through when you think you can't go any longer! We killed it today at AP!!!, Luxury Box with all you can eat buffet? Can't beat it, Headed to the Suns-Celtics game, Those who complain about lack of opportunity are simply complaining about lack of self-determination. We create our own opportunities. #DBWH

http://twitter.com/JJWatt, Very cool "Dream Big, Work Hard" desktop wallpaper created by @tylanga, On Wisconsin!, I really appreciate this article by Tom Mulhern. My parents, teachers & coaches truly are the reason that I am where I am today... http://bit.ly/ephsWl, Just left the Rose Bowl... Can't wait to go to work on that field a week from today! #OnWisconsin, Happy Holidays to Badger Fans Everywhere! On Wisconsin!, Good Luck to Whitewater today, as they battle for yet another National Championship. Go Warhawks! #WisconsinPride, Headed out to Newport Beach, California for the Lott Trophy Presentation... Feels wierd traveling without my teammates., null, Thank you to all of Badger Nation for the unbelievable support. See you in Pasadena!, Pasadena or Bust!!!, null, On Wisconsin!!!, Teach Me How To Bucky!, Badgers Win, Packers Win, it's a great football weekend in Wisconsin!, Not a big fan of "Fan Pages", but Facebook wouldn't let me accept any more friend requests... See you on the field on Saturday. On Wisconsin!)