List(null, We regret to inform you that our beloved former employee of over 20 years, Anastasia Dimitrakopoulos, passed away last Friday, April 10th.  We will miss her dearly.
www.folsomfuneral.com/?m, Due to the power outage, Steve's will be closed..., Come have some brkst at Steve's Greek as we are now open for business, Steve's is open for business.., To all our loyal customers.. The authorities have finally opened Hereford street and we can open Steve's Greek Cuisine again.. So business as usual tomorrow at 7:30 am.. Come in for ur coffee, breakfast sandwich or ur favorite omelette..., Good morning Boston.. It's day 3 and Steve's Greek is still closed..  I am sorry to all our loyal customers, but we are still in the quarantine zone.. The authorities are telling me hopefully tomorrow.. So please be patient and Steve's Greek will be open and be ready to serve its famous Greek food again

Thank you and god bless from all of us at Steve's 

Chris Kourtidis
Owner, Hello friends, as of 6pm Steve's greek on Newbury street is still closed and in the quarantine zone.. They wouldn't let me go in with out a police escort.. Had 5 minutes only to inspect and leave..  I got 5 sorries from the authorities and 5 thank yous for being understanding..  Hopefully by tomorrow they will open Hereford st, but as of now we are under lockdown..., It's a tragic event that happened yesterday here in our city.. From all of us here at Steve's out hearts and sympathies go to out to all the injured and to the brave men and women that protect us..

Due to the event from yesterday Steve's will be closed today, cause are in the quarantine zone.. 
Will updated our social media as to when we will be open.

Thank you
Chris Kourtidis
Owner, Who is hungry?? Just put it on.. Stop by for some Yeeeeeroooo!!!!, HAPPY NEW YEAR, from all us at Steve's Greek...., All the staff at Steve's would like to wish everyone a very safe and prosperous New Years..., Good evening everyone!  This just came in today... So if you like it fresh you know where to come..., Happy Thanksgiving everyone!

If you don't want to be stuck eating leftovers tomorrow, we will be open.  : ), I want to thank the staff at where magazine for arranging the concierge event last nite.  I also want to thank all the concierge for coming... It was nice meeting everyone and hope you guys had a great time...Chris K., Hello Everyone!

Steve's Grand Opening is Tomorrow!!

Come have a drink with us at our new cocktail lounge :)

Or if you can't wait, breakfast begins at 7:30am.

See you tomorrow!, null)