List(Ginger chili wings tonight so $?@?& ing good!, Tune into Shortsleeve and Mac 1510 am as I will be 3rd Mic today at 10:30 am  talking about all things entrepreneurship, restaurants, and some family history and being a second generation Chinese restaurant owner!, IMPORTANT UPDATE ***Hi Folks, Just wanted to update everyone on our spring hours and menu! We will have a new menu coming out soon, with some minor changes, we hope that when the weather turns even more, we will be able to incorporate more local produce! As promised we will try to keep the menu changing and have fun with it.
  In addition we are going to make some temporary changes with our spring hours. For the next couple months we will be closed on Wednesdays as we are needing to dedicate more time at home with our son who needs us. We had a ton of fun running a pop-up last month, and are looking to use our space Mon-Weds for private events, pop-ups, beer dinners and other fun offerings. For updates on future events please follow us on social media, and for inquiries about running a pop-up, or private event at Seven Star please contact us at info@sevenstarstreetbistro.com, Love this shot!, A couple last minute cancellations due to weather... If you need a warm seat and some Taiwanese home cooking give us a call for takeout or reservations! Stay warm and Happy Valentine's Day!, Valentine's Day Chalkboard.. #shrimpspringrolls #mangopie #loveonmain #boston #roslindale #sevenstar #sevenstarstreetbistro #valentinesday #love, null, Chalkboard tonight... #sevenstar #sevenstarstreetbistro #roslindale #boston #chalkboard #taiwanesepopcornchicken #taiwan, We still have some reservations available for Valentine's Day! We are offering an optional prix fixe menu which includes a bottle of Cava, a Street Bite, any two Wok Dishes and a shared dessert for $70 / couple. Please make reservations at sevenstarstreetbistro.com and write "prix fixe" in the notes if you plan on choosing that option!, Miso Ramen coming soon...sign up with peach boston #wokroasted #vegetables #enokimushroom #cauliflower #corn #nori #sweetpotato #beansprouts #oganicmisobroth #eaterboston #sevenstar #sevenstarstreetbistro #roslindale #boston available if you sign your company up with @peachdelivery, Happy Lunar New Year! A shot from our shakshuka brunch... #yearofthemonkey #chinesenewyear #lunarnewyear #sevenstar #sevenstarstreetbistro #roslindale #boston #sahleb #rosewater #popup @eaterboston @chubbyfoodtruck, Valentine's dinner for two with a bottle of Cava and dessert for $35/ person, The best part about a neighborhood restaurant? When it's snowing outside you can walk! Be safe everyone have a happy Friday, and tonight come join us and warm up in our dining room. Make an adventure out of it. Reservations always can be made at sevenstarstreetbistro.com. Delivery available through door dash., Delivery update!! We realize there are some of you who miss delivery, and while we cannot offer an in house service due to our expansion. We have made delivery an option through a third party service called Door Dash. Ive used it personally and although it's a premium service the customer service, format and ability to deliver to areas we could never reach before are all things we are excited about. We have a young one at home and realize it's not easy to get out of the house sometimes!! Hope this helps!, Super Bowl Sunday Party Platters!! We are open for takeout 230-630 pm this Sunday right after we rock another Shakshuka Brunch pop-up! Regular takeout menu will be available during those hours. Pre-orders recommended!!, Wings are back this Sunday for Super Bowl! These Asian style buffalo wings are so choice, bring a platter to your party and get instant Super Bowl street cred! Shakshuka pop up brunch 9-1pm followed by our Super Bowl hours 230-630 pm (takeout only) party platters galore! Menu will be posted soon!, A few special dates coming up!
1. January 31st this Sunday Shakshuka is coming to the bistro for a month, the Chubby Chickpea is hosting a brunch. Reservations at http://www.thechubbychickpea.com/#!blank/rhshm
2. Super Bowl Sunday! Per our annual tradition we will be open early from 230-630 pm so plan on getting some ribs and wings to pregame! Yes, we will bring wing platters back for Super Bowl. Pre orders welcomed as supply might be limited for large platters of ribs and wings.
3. Get your reservations in early for Valentine's Day take a date or friend or come chill with us solo, Valentine's Day can be shared with anyone just make sure to spread the love! We will def spread the love with some awesome V-Day additions! Keep ya posted!, We are excited to be hosting a pop-up brunch for 4 Sundays starting January 31st! This is traditional Israeli Shakshuka' brunch by Avi Shemtov owner of the Chubby Chickpea food truck. Please help spread the word!!, ***Chalkboard specials tonight for dine-in guests: Whole Crispy Black Sea Bass, Wok Roasted Curried Cauliflower, Peapod Stems, Shrimp +Tofu spring rolls!!, In 2016 more veggies is supposed to be a food trend. Not usually into food "trends" but this one I can get on board with. Here are 3 additions to our dine in menu tonight: Pea Pod Stems with Garlic, wok roasted curry cauliflower with caramelized red onion and Fried red potatoes with Thai basil . We've been serving that last dish from time to time for staff meal and is always a big hit!! Also adding some seasonal sangrias for the winter menu: blood oranges, lots of citrus, and a champagne fizz, pics and details to come!!, Some new beers we've added this month! Finally got something from wormtown stoked to have their Blizzard of 78 brown ale while it lasts, Castle Island Brewery opened Monday and now carrying Candlepin their session ale, some classics like La Fin Du Monde, and Weihenstephaner. Trying to keep limited editions in a steady rotation. Dying to get some #behoppy from wormtown !, Hope everyone had a great NYE ! The bistro is closed tonight but will be back tomorrow :), More custom pottery for Seven Star by Dave Becker of Sweet Basil ! ***Happy NYE wishing everyone an amazing New Year please be safe and have fun! ***For those who don't want to trek downtown we still have some takeout and seating available!!! Reservations available on our website ****Tonight we are offering some prosecco cocktails, a couple sangria specials , and will have some bubbly by the bottle! We have sparkling cider for your kiddos ;), Folks just a reminder to get pre-orders in for NYE ! We are doing pickup between 4-6 pm and will be open till 10 pm there is still time to make a dine- in reservation!!, Merry Christmas Eve !! Thanks for he pre-orders folks! Tonight for our dine in guests we will have a special holiday sangria, some holiday jazz and getting the dining room all dressed up for our first Christmas Eve! See you tonight :), A friendly reminder folks we will be open this Thursday Xmas Eve and closed XMAS day.We are only taking pre-orders this year for pickup between 4-6pm. Please refer to our new menu at sevenstarstreetbistro.com 
Our dining room will be open all night, we will feature some Christmas movies on the big screen and encourage making a reservation for both Xmas eve and NYE ahead of time!!!, Live Blues at the bistro tomorrow night from 7-830!!! Excited to have Patrick Coman perform an acoustic blues set for our second and last live performance for #acousticonmain, Weekend Dine-In additions: Taiwanese Popcorn Chicken, Ginger and Leek Beef Dumplings, and a blast from the not so far past Kan Shao Shrimp, https://www.bostonglobe.com/metro/2015/12/16/city-council-expected-approve-byob/KyELjJQeo3v7ciU0Teo6qI/story.html

In a city full of students, innovators, and artists these are the types of initiatives that will help young entrepreneurs realize their dreams, and keep your city thriving! A solid win for the other small restaurants that really need every advantage they can be allowed to survive! Thanks to city councillors Wu, Pressley, and Murphy for driving these initiatives and understanding that small business is such a huge part of the community!, Sooo excited for Sunday service and some live music! Ivan Homeless playing in the main room, we will be serving our full dinner menu, but feel free to swing by for an street bite and a drink and just enjoy the music!! #acousticonmain, Excited to announce our second live performance for #acousticonmain next Saturday December 19th from 7-830 at the bistro. He will be performing an acoustic blues rock set. Check him out https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ZXe8Mq8T-tQ, Come in this weekend for some awesome dine in additions: Peking Duck Mantau Buns, Beef Dumplings with Ginger and Leek Glaze, and Fried Banana for dessert! While you are at make sure to order a #prettythings so sad they are moving on but we still have a couple cases of Jack D'Or and some Baby Tree for those of you who want to savor just a few more sips of the amazinginess!, We are so lucky to have a local artist James Alan Edwards adorn our space with his "Gardens Imagined" installment. Love being surrounded by beautiful artwork, great music, and yummy food and drink. #roslindaleartist #artcommunity, null, Mark your calendar for this Sunday! Ivan Homeless will be filling Seven Star with live music #acousticonmain !! We are stoked, check out this video of one of their newest songs and make a reservation!!, The holiday season is upon us!! With Christmas Eve and NYE just around the corner we wanted to update you with our hours for the dining room and takeout! 

**DINING ROOM: will be open from 5-9pm on Thursday, XMAS Eve, and 5-10pm on Thursday, NYE we are planning some awesome dine-in specials and of course will have the champagne flowing. **Please make reservations on our website, and for larger parties feel free to give us a call.

**TAKEOUT: We are overwhelmed with gratitude with how many of you choose us for your holiday parties, but due to high takeout volume on these days we are only accepting pre-orders until we have met capacity. Orders will be available for pick up from 4-6pm on both days respectively. Feel free to reach us by phone or email, to get your order in. 

We wish you all a happy and safe holiday season!, Watch the pats game in style! Join us in our front room for some ribs and a Pretty Things beer while they last ðŸ˜¢ Enjoy the game and Sunday folks it has been our pleasure serving you this week :) 
Photo Credit: Tim Lin, Rock shrimp chorizo fried rice. Fried farm egg, runny yolk a touch of duck fat. Nuff said..., ** Live music at Seven Star?** Super excited about #acousticonmain thanks to the mayor, Michelle Wu and the people behind this initiative. Am I wrong in thinking that here in Roslindale love the arts and crave more
Initiatives like this one? Can't wait to get some bands scheduled for this month. If you are not registered please visit the city website to register as a musician: http://www.cityofboston.gov/acousticonmain/
Once registered contact us at info@sevenstarstreetbistro.com

Question to our patrons: Are there days or times that you would like us to schedule some live music? Other than weekends? Maybe we could do a live music night with small bites and a wine bar atmosphere? Would love suggestions!, Something to think about as you make your dinner plans this weekend, Peking Duck Mantau Buns.... Enough said. More specials to come!, Black Friday today. If you're not out shopping hope you decide to get outdoors and enjoy the fresh air! Either way swing on by let us cook for you and visit for some post shopping refreshments! Tomorrow is small business Saturday please remember to shop locally and supports your small businesses that keep your community vibrant. Last years winter had a lasting effect on those businesses and we still need your support!! Thanks everyone and enjoy :)
**Taiwanese popcorn chicken special this weekend**, Thankful for so much this year! We welcomed the birth of our beautiful son Jackson, and finally opened our dining room! We are so thankful about our opening week, it went better than expected after a year of nerves and anticipation. Our guests that joined us last week truly show how great a community we live in. The positivity and support you have shown us through the years and in particular these past few weeks is what makes being in the service industry worth every second. We have made some big changes and your support is so critical. Thank you from the bottom of our hearts. Happy thanksgiving everyone!!, **Our dear friends at Salon Acote at 132 Newbury St. are hosting a fundraiser for an amazing cause! Wigs for Kids has been providing Hair Replacement Systems and support for children who have lost their hair due to chemotherapy, radiation therapy, Alopecia, Trichotillomania, burns and other medical issues at no cost to children or their families. Event will be held at Salon Acote Safar. Thursday Dec. 3rd at 7pm, Wine Tasting, paired with holiday style tips, hair styling lessons, and make-up tutorials with our Salon Acote Pros. All hair products sponsored by Moroccan Oil along with giveaways and samples, and of course street bites by Seven Star Street Bistro. Tickets available through eventbrite, follow the link below! Last year the event was a blast :), Joseph turns 80 years young! #tbt see the guy on the right? That handsome guy with the eighties Afro is our mentor and the original chef/ owner of Seven Star Mandarin House. On Wednesday the bistro will be closed to celebrate this guy's 80th birthday!!! Yes, he is 80 and still rocks the wok like a boss every weekend, and deserves a huge thank you for over 40 years of service and dedication to the restaurant industry. Thursday we are closed for Thanksgiving. Enjoy an amazing holiday and we will see you all on Friday., "Wok Charred Romaine w/ Bacon" 

Day 2 another success... *** Seeing your beautiful faces filling our dining room is what made this long process Soo worth it! We did some takeout last night and will continue doing so unless we are too busy. Tonight we are going to have a couple dine in specials: Shrimp and Tofu spring rolls, Taiwanese Popcorn Chicken with Sweet Potato Batter and Thai Basil, we are also bringing back Crab Rangoon! Sangria, Pickles, Daikon Cakes, Mantau Buns and of course... Black Sesame Ice Cream have all been big hits, we encourage you to explore the whole menu!!, Had a great opening night last night! Felt like our first night all over again :) got some great feedback from our guests.    
****** We are now accepting takeout orders unless we are too busy. Please refer to our new menu posted to our Facebook page, and our website. Please note the downloadable menu on the website is not yet updated., Reservations available on our website here is the link ;) http://sevenstarstreetbistro.com/reservations/, Open for dine in tonight! Come see the new space, and enjoy some street bites! We will let you know when takeout is back up and running!, Sticky Rice Pocket w/ savory chili sauce aka Zhong Zi. New menu item filed with pork belly, Taiwanese sausage, shiitakes. Soooo good! A staple of my childhood., Ba Wan glutinous rice dumpling #q #bawan #streetfood #dumpling #sevenstarstreetbistro #sevenstar #newmenu, Wednesday..., Folks here is our opening menu for Wednesday November 18th. Thanks for all of the support! We are so excited to bring some new offerings, and a few favorites from the former menu. Our new menu is dine in focused aiming for a Taiwanese gastro-pub vibe. Our goal will be making more frequent menu changes, incorporate seasonality more, and our daily menu will be supplemented by exciting chalk board specials on the weekends. We do understand that this is a change from what we have done in the past, but we know the food will still kick ass, and will only get better! Takeout will still be available, but please check our website for menu changes. We hope to have our reservation system up by the end of the weekend ;), Working on things and will post when we re-open! Thanks for your patience folks! We hope to see you soon!, Last night was amazing with our dining room bustling for our special election night event! The Lychee-Shinko Pear Sangria was a huge hit! ( new menu item) as promised we will post a menu tonight, we will be open to the public either Friday or Saturday please stay tuned!, Hi Folks, we are excited to say mission accomplished! We just got our paperwork and our dining room is official! We are kicking things off tonight with an election party for Michelle Wu. Tomorrow we will be closed to the public as we are doing a friends and family night. Over the next two weeks we will do a non-traditional soft opening as we unveil our new menu items in stages, and will not be offering takeout during that time so we can get our sea legs. In about two weeks we will have a reservation system available on different platforms including right here on Facebook for your convenience. We are also very excited to have our first art installment form a rozzie local and longtime patron James Edwards his paintings have brightened our dining room and created an enchanting space for your enjoyment. We are eager to feature other local artists for future installments with a focus on modern, street art, and graffiti art to adorn our urban street bistro. If you know of an artist please reach out to info@sevenstarstreetbistro.com 
Menu posted tomorrow!, Lunch service will be closed for a couple weekends as we prepare put the finishing touches on our dining room. We are still on target for our new menu kicking off on Wednesday and will post in the next couple days!! Enjoy this beautiful fall day :), Black Sesame Ice Cream ;) bowl by Dave Becker from Sweet Basil, Noodles with Peking Meat Sauce. New Menu coming folks we have been working on this for some time and can't wait to share! This dish is one of my childhood favorites kind of like a bolognese with al dente "q noodles" 5 spiced tofu, Szechuan peppercorn, cilantro, cucumber so good!, Dearest Bistro Buddies,

*** By November 4th we will transition to a new dine-in focused menu. In order to accommodate our dine-in space and current takeout volume, we are condensing the menu which will allow us to focus on Taiwanese street bites and seasonal menu changes, complete with craft beers and wines by the glass. We thank you for your support during our renovation and cant wait for you to try our new offerings! Please check out our facebook page, twitter and website for more details and a set date!, http://www.roslindaleparade.com Come check us out this weekend Sat + Sun 12-3 for lunch! Sunday marks the 40th anniversary of the Roslindale Day Parade, and our 1st lunch service during the event. It will be a great community event for everyone, and we are right along the parade route serving up Banh Mi's!, Awesome lunch service this weekend! Got to see some of our favorites :) keep spreading the word and we will keep rolling out the banh mi's !, *Equipment problem solved* 
Lunch Service Today 12-3 !! Stop by for a banh mi, dine in or takeout!! Grab a craft beer and a banh mi to get your weekend started. Banh Mi : (Roasted Pork, Shredded Beef w. Caramelized Onion, Sesame Tofu) Chili Aioli, toasted bun, spicy pickled carrots and cucumbers, cilantro. If you have not tried one of these yet it is a must :) Note: we will be open for lunch service for the first time during the Roslindale Day Parade spread the word!, Hey everyone, we apologize for any inconvenience, but we will remain closed this evening due to maintenance, but will be open tomorrow, Saturday! We look
forward to seeing ya'll soon!!, Hi folks we will be closed tonight due to an unexpected maintenance issue we hope to get the issue resolved ASAP and will update you here!, Lunch today and tomorrow: Miso Ramen, Paitan Ramen, Beef Noodle, Banh Mi 12-3, Getting ready for our first lunch service with some fresh veggies from Allandale Farm. Miso ramen with local wok roasted veggies!!, This Saturday we will be offering our first weekend lunch service! We will have banh mi for dine in or takeout, and will be serving up bowls of ramen and beef noodle for slurping in house! To go along with this we now have our fridge stocked with some craft beers, and a fresh new mural was done over the weekend by a very talented artist! The next door space is still a few weeks away, our last inspection is still pending but we are so excited to bring you these new offerings in the meantime! **Sat 1130-3 Sun 1130-3**, We missed you all! Hope everyone's enjoying their summer and ready for some SSSB! Back open tonight at 5:00!, Hey Everyone! Just a note to let you all know we are on summer vacation for a couple weeks Closed Aug 5-18. Returning Wed Aug 19. Happy Summer! We will see you soon!!, Summer Hours/ Summer Vacation: Hi folks we will be closed this Saturday July 4th, enjoy the fireworks and be safe! We will also take our annual summer vacation the first two weeks in August to give our staff some much needed r and r :), Hi Folks, we are looking for a weekend delivery driver! Fri-Sun. Must have reliable transportation. Please submit resume to info@sevenstarstreetbistro.com, Dine In/ Expansion Update: Hi Folks, we have our dine in space mostly complete, and have a door open for you to peek inside if you like :) This project has taken a longtime, we have been at the mercy of permitting, inspections and contractor schedules, but are really excited to offer a bold new concept late summer early fall. We are expecting our first baby day now, and timing sure is everything. We will post some pics of our little dumpling, and updates on our dine-in timeline when we have it., Yesterday marked our 4 year anniversary at the bistro!!! To our beloved community, friends, regulars, and family. Thank you from the bottom of our hearts for the continued love, support and encouragement! We strive everyday to grow and make all of you proud!, Temptations best lunch spot in Brookline missed the old stomping ground...#panini #smoothie #fuggetaboutit @temptationscafe, Memorial Day Weekend: **We will be closed this Sunday for an event. **We wish everyone a fun and safe holiday weekend!!, Thanks to your support we sold over 35 pies and are sending out your donation to care.org!! http://www.care.org/emergencies/earthquake-nepal, Attention Bistro Buddies! The recent tragedy in Nepal has really hit home for us. One of our dear staff members is from Nepal and has been dealing with the numerous tragedies and after effects of the recent earthquake that has shaken their beautiful country. In light of these events we teamed together with our local Nepali friends to make our famous and sometimes elusive Mango Pie! This week SSSB will be selling whole pies for $25 and 100% proceeds will be donated to a vetted charity of their choice supporting this disaster. Please share this post tell your friends and buy some pie! And gotta admit this pie is freakin' amazing!, SSSB is hiring full and part time positions: line cooks, prep cooks, dishwasher , experienced servers. Please email info@sevenstarstreetbistro.com with cover letter and resume. Thanks!, Ramen at SSSB? Sooo... We are thinking of starting a lunchtime noodle pop-up Wed-Sun at the bistro. We want to to do a Taiwanese beef noodle, and different types of ramen and go from there... Thoughts?, Has anyone ever heard of the Q factor? The Lin family is obsessed!, Our neighbor speaking the truth. Keep shopping small and local! This type of community awareness and dedication is what makes our neighborhood sooo special! #iloverroslindale, Great time cooking for @misterjiu pop-up @missionstfood can't wait for it to open! #missionsf #chinesefood#westcoast#sanfrancisco#cheflife, A couple Monday thoughts...

1. I was searching for an ice chipper. Home Depot was sold out and Roslindale Hardware was stocked! Always shop local first and these small businesses need the support for months to come the winter has been harsh on the small business owners that keep our little community awesome! Lesson learned.
2. Check out a progress picture of our expansion. It's been a while but things have picked up again and we are hoping to have a beautiful new space and other offerings this spring along with sunshine to look forward to! That's all folks enjoy the week! 
3. Lastly, chef is off to San Fran for a couple days to cook with some awesome people and maybe bring a few things back home!, http://sevenstarstreetbistro.com/important-delivery-notice/, Hi Folks, Just a heads up, we will stop taking deliveries at certain points when we reach our capacity. With the narrow streets and parking availability it has made it difficult to get to everyone in a timely manner. Thank you for your understanding! Soon enough we will be enjoying the beautiful Boston spring weather!, Looks like snow again this weekend! It's been a crazy stretch but we are resilient New Englanders and right now we are definitely planning to be open Saturday night for those of you who want to enjoy pickup some takeout and enjoy at home with your loved one(s) ! Thanks for coming out to support us! #smallbusiness #roslindale #love #sssb #boston #jamaicaplain #westroxbury #chestnuthill #takeout, Hope everyone enjoys the game GO PATS!, ***SUPER BOWL SUNDAY HOURS**** We will be opening early from 2:00PM-6:00PM on Sunday February 1st! Feel free to pre-order today by calling between 3:00-5:00pm, order online, or email us at info@sevenstarstreetbistro.com. Go Pats!!!, We will remain closed tomorrow, Wed, Jan 28th. There's lots of snow on the ground and many of our staff live far away, so we'll be giving everyone an extra day to relax. Please note that our online ordering will not be in use. We look forward to being back open on Thursday, Jan 29th! Enjoy the snow and stay safe and warm!!, Dear valued guests,

We are writing to apologize to those of you who ordered last night, New Years Eve, and were not treated to the service we always strive to deliver. We had a perfect storm of problems that hit on our busiest night of the year. No excuses can be made, but we want to offer our sincerest apologies.

While we appreciate our growth, and increased volume, our focus is and always will be on quality over quantity.

Sometimes when an unexpected situation happens the best thing to do is to take a deep breath and re-group. 

We want to make sure that everyone of our gracious patrons knows that we will continue to brain-storm and make improvements.

Please email us at info@sevenstarstreetbistro.com with any specific questions and concerns.

Happy New Year

-Chris, Michelle, and Joseph, We hope you all had a wonderful Christmas Day as we certainly enjoyed the time off with our loved ones! We would like to thank those of you who came by the bistro on Christmas Eve to pick-up orders, it was a hoppin' night! We will be back at it tonight folks. ***Just a reminder that we will be open Wed, Dec 31 on New Year's Eve and CLOSED Jan 1. We encourage pre-ordering for your NYE dinner. You may email us at info@sevenstarstreetbistro.com or call us to discuss your pre-order over the weekend #Roslindale #WestRoxbury #Jamaicaplain #happynewyearboston, ***Holiday Ordering*** Hey folks, it's a great time of year with the holidays coming up! We want to give everyone the heads up that we are starting to take Christmas Eve and New Year's Eve pre-orders. We sincerely appreciate everyone who pre-orders on these two nights as it helps us handle the higher than normal volume. Please feel free to call in or email your order with a desired time. If you email we will call back with a confirmation that we have received the order. We will be open from 5-10 pm on both xmas eve and NYE! Info@sevenstarstreetbistro.com, **Online Ordering** Our online ordering system is up an running, however there have been some glitches with browser compatibility. If the system gives you any trouble, please don't hesitate to call in, and please know we are working very hard to ensure the issues get resolved as quickly as possible. Gotta love technology!, Hi folks, We hope everyone is enjoying a great weekend so far. We are so lucky to have a segment aired on Phantom Gourmet this morning, the team over there does such an amazing job! We definitely anticipate a higher than normal volume tonight and encourage people to call in orders early if that is convenient. Thank you!, Just a reminder the only day we are closed this week is Thanksgiving Day but we are open tonight if u want to escape the rain with some hot and sour soup. Or visit us on Black Friday after a long day of shopping, also Saturday is small business Saturday, so save some of your energy to go out and support your favorite local small businesses! Enjoy Thanksgiving everyone what a great time of year!, Hope everyone is enjoying their week so far! 
*** We have an exciting announcement for everyone***  
Our online ordering is finally live! You can now access the online ordering page on our website www.sevenstarstreetbistro.com . We have been working on this feature for almost a year now, and will continue to work hard to bring you every convenience we possibly can. We love hearing from you when you call in, but for those who enjoy the convenience of ordering online it will allow us to grow even more and bring you the best customer service possible. Enjoy!, Tim McCarthy @McCarthy4Boston, Michelle Wu @wutrain, Marty Walsh, @marty_walsh Thank you so much for standing in our corner! Is there anything any of us can do other than waiting it out, for a standard license to become available? Not only for the sake of our restaurant we would love to see change happen, where a beer and wine license is much more attainable for small restaurants without the capital to purchase one on the open market. Restaurants are notoriously difficult to open, run, and sustain. If we could make some of these licenses more accessible, it might allow and inspire other young restaurateurs and chefs to enter the market, and more importantly sustain themselves. #keepbostoncreative #boston #smallbusiness #roslindale, Hello All, just wanted to give everyone an update on construction and the results of our beer and wine hearing...
With regards to our beer and wine license, we want to keep you updated particularly because so many of you took time to write letters, and sign our petition, and really that support was amazing and humbling. We received notification that although we were not denied for a beer and wine license we do not qualify for one of the new licenses available because we do not fall into the  "main streets" district or an "empowerment zone." Thus we have to hope and cross fingers that another license becomes available of which there are currently none. We are still proceeding with construction because we will not let this stop us from completing our vision for our bistro. We owe it to ourselves and all of you! The beer and wine license is however something we will continue to pursue as for any restaurant, the ability to serve at very least beer and wine, completes any full service dine in experience and allows long term economic viability, and we plan to be here in Rozzie for the long term. My wife and I have moved to the area and have done so to make a full time commitment to this area and our business. We will continue to keep you all posted and sincerely thank you for all the support!, Hey friends! Want to thank those of you who have submitted letters and signed our petition for a beer & wine license! We are blown away by the support and feel very humbled. It's not too late if you still want to send along a statement or brief letter in support of our application for the license. You can PM us or email @ info@sevenstarstreetbistro.com. Our hearing date is Sept 10th at City Hall. Wish us luck! Thanks so much! #LoveRozzie #Roslindale #Boston #Westroxbury #Jamaicaplain, We are back and operational thanks for your patience!, Experiencing technical difficulties with our POS tonight. May cause phone delays. We can only accept credit card at this time. If you have trouble calling please try again a bit later tonight. Sorry for any inconvenience., We are experiencing some technical difficulty with our POS so expect phone delays. At the moment we can only take credit card payments. We apologize for any inconvenience., We missed you guys! Back at it tonight folks! Open at 5:00 as usual :), Dear Friends, We are so excited to announce that we have officially commenced renovations for a "dine-in" space at Seven Star Street Bistro! While we have some work to get done before the new space will be open to the public (See photos :)) we are also working very hard to acquire a Beer & Wine license as part of our plan to enhance the dining experience. 
***Over these last 3 years in business, many of you have expressed a desire for us to serve Beer & Wine and so we are humbly asking for your support in this process. Without neighborhood/community & patron support we cannot get the license. We have a hearing date of September 10th and we need your support before that date. If you could take just a few minutes to compose a brief letter or even a brief statement in support of Seven Star Street Bistro, located at 151-155 Belgrade Ave., Roslidale MA 02131 for a Wine & Malt Beverage (Beer & Wine) License, and email it to us at info@sevenstarstreetbistro.com or PM us on facebook, we would be most grateful! All you need to include is your name/address (or which city you live in), relationship to our business and why you think we should be granted a beer & wine license. 
***Thank you so much everyone! If you have any questions for us, please don't hesitate to get in touch with Chris or Michelle. We will be back at it next week August 27th doing what we've always done and can't wait! Please bear with us as construction might still be underway :), Just a reminder that Seven Star will be closed for summer vacation Sunday Aug 10-Tuesday Aug 26, re-opening Wed, Aug 27th. We will miss you all, but we will be getting some much needed rest and construction done during the break. More details to come! Enjoy yourselves everyone! :), Hey guys! Seven Star's Chef Christopher Lin contributed his thoughts on family-run business in this great Boston Globe article. Check it out! :) Chef Chris has been so fortunate to work alongside his father Joseph who since the 1970's has strived to improve his craft every day. This is a lesson that Chef Chris and the SSSB team take to heart each day. Enjoy the article!, Back at it tonight folks! Hope everyone enjoyed the holiday...some sage advice from The Dalai Lama :), Happy 4th everyone! Just a reminder we will be closed tonight and re-open tomorrow for normal hours. We are wishing everyone a safe holiday!, Cooking side by side with my father for the last 3 years has been a lifelong dream! Thanks dad for sharing your guidance, and your passion for good food ;) Happy Father's Day everyone!, Special!!! Pan-seared Striped Bass w/ miso ginger glaze over bok choy $14.95 while it lasts :) #roslindale #boston, **Fresh Local Striped Bass** Happy hump day! The week's almost over and we have a beautiful striped bass line caught off the coast of Cape Cod running the special while supplies last. Preparation and pictures to come!, Happy 3rd Birthday to Us! We canâ€™t believe itâ€™s been 3 YEARS since we opened our doors. Chris, Michelle, Joseph & the Seven Star Team could not have gotten to this point without the support of our amazing patrons- so a big THANK YOU to all of you out there who spread the word about us by passing out menus, telling your friends, and writing about us online. Please keep up the good word about our little bistro â˜º **Many big things to come in this next year and we will be sure to keep you all updated! #anniversary #feelthelove #roslindale #boston #westroxbury, One of this week's Specials: Steamed Mantau Buns, Pulled Baby-Back Ribs, Spicy House-Made pickles $8.95 #roslindale #westroxbury #jamaicaplain #southbrookline, Marinating pickles for one of our specials we'll be featuring this week May 21-25: Steamed Mantau Buns w/ pulled Baby- Back Ribs and spicy Housemade Pickles. Also featuring a Curry Thai Basil Fried Rice. Be sure to ask about specials this week and stay tuned for more pictures!, Happy Mother's Day to all you AMAZING Mom's out there! And a special Mother's Day wish for our own in-house mom's :) ***We're getting ready for your mother's day dinners- Phones open at 3:00PM to place an order ahead of time!! #Happymothersdayboston #Roslindale #Westroxbury #Jamaicaplain #southbrookline, Tangy & Spicy Green Beans w/ Pork #roslindale #westroxbury #boston #jamaicaplain #dinnertime, Our Specials continue through the weekend!!! Give us a call 617-325-8686 anytime after 3:00 today to place a "desired time" order. Firing up the woks as usual at 5:00!, Hey everyone! Remember our pork belly mantau buns?? They're back this week only April 23-27 along with 2 other specials!! See earlier post with specials or check us out at sevenstarstreetbistro.com "updates" for a list of specials :), Wok charred Romain w/ smoked bacon & garlic, one of the specials we will be featuring next week April 23-27!!!, Yu Hsiang Eggplant, one of our specials for next week! Available April 23-27!! Be sure to ask for it when you place your order :) #foodporn #eggplant #roslindale #westroxbury #jamaicaplain #southbrookline, Hey Folks! Just a heads up that we will be running a SPECIAL the week of April 23-27!! Of course we will post pics throughout the week to entice you ;) !!!  #roslindale #westroxbury #westroxbury #southbrookline #special, Some flowers to welcome Spring! Happy Wednesday everyone! #Roslindale #westroxbury #jamaicaplain #southbrookline, Hey Everyone!! Seven Star is HIRING!! We are looking for a delivery driver for 3 nights/week. If you or someone you know is interested please send email/resume to info@sevenstarstreetbistro.com. Ideal candidate can start within the next couple of weeks!! This is a great opportunity to join a growing business and a pretty awesome team!! Thanks so much! Please share this post!!  #Roslindale #Westroxbury #jamaicaplain, The Oscars are on tonight!! Who is your guess for best picture?? Feel free to place your Oscar Party orders ahead tonight. Phones open at 4:00PM!!, Last night the bistro was hoppin, and full of love! Thanks to everyone who has been pre-ordering. It really allows us to give the best possible service and keep wait times down on busy nights :) ***Quick reminder our staff starts manning the phones at 4pm, and we accept pre-orders everyday of the week for your convenience. #loveboston #roslindale #Westroxbury #jamaicaplain #jp, Peach colored roses, "gratitude" for each of our fabulous staff members. They do so much for us! Happy Valentine's Day everyone!, <3 Chris and Michelle of SSSB are so excited to spend their first Valentine's Day as a married couple preparing food for all of you wonderful love birds out there, tomorrow evening!! Anticipating a busy night, please feel free to order ahead. Happy Valentine's Day!! <3 #valentinesday #boston #roslindale, Parking Ban in effect, SSSB will be closed tonight, stay warm, enjoy the snow day and see everyone tomorrow!, Happy Super Bowl Sunday!! Woks are fired up! Here from 2-9! Everyone enjoy the game and be safe!! :), Hey folks! Reminder: Super Bowl Menu available! we are extending our hours tomorrow 2-9!!! Get your wings and ribs on!  Remember to ask for the buffalo-inspired wings special! #Roslindale #boston #jamaicaplain #westroxbury #brookline, GÅng xÇ fÄ cÃ¡i ! Happy Chinese New Year! May the year of the horse bring happiness, health, love and prosperity to you all!, Hey guys! Reminder of our extended Super Bowl hours this Sunday 2-9pm!! We're adding a special buffalo-inspired wing platter to the menu! Be sure to ask for the buffalo platter when you call ahead to place your Super Bowl orders., #roslindale, Scallion pancakes and beef teriyaki!, General Gao's Chicken, Crab Rangoon for a big celebration tonight!, Pics from a catering order tonight for a special birthday dinner. Wishing a very happy birthday to the birthday boy! ***Think of us for your next event!, Super Bowl Menu available for pickup at the counter., ***We are extending hours SUPER BOWL SUNDAY 2pm-9pm! Party platters available for some of your favorite small bites! Be the hit of your Super Bowl party when you break out a platter of our bomb Orange Soy Glazed Baby Back Ribs! Pre-orders appreciated and encouraged. In addition, we will be serving our regular menu all day long! Please call in orders after 3pm Wed- Sun, or email your order until the day of at info@sevenstarstreetbistro.com. All "day of" orders must be placed by phone, phone lines open at noon day of. :), Shrimp Blossoms  #foodporn #roslindale, Great event for small businesses at Harvard's I Lab thanks to all if the businesses sponsoring and the city of Boston Office of Business Development #socialonmain, OPEN Tonight! The woks will be fired up, the soup hot...and sour! ;) Come warm up with us tonight!! We will be offering delivery, but bear with us as not all of the streets are plowed well and we'll be limited to 1 driver this evening. #roslindale #westroxbury, Well its definitely snowing outside! Unfortunately we have to keep closed for one more night, for the safety of our friendly neighbors, and employees who travel from far. Enjoy the snow day, stay safe and hope to see ya tomorrow night! :), A very Happy and Healthy New Year to all! We want to thank those of you who ordered from us last night- Seven Star Street Bistro was hoppin'!! We also want to give a shout out to our fabulous staff for all that they do at SSSB :) ** We're taking today off, but we'll be back tomorrow. Enjoy the day!! #Chinesefood #Boston #Besttakeoutchinese #happynewyear, We hope everyone had a wonderful Christmas! Just a friendly reminder that we will be OPEN Tuesday, New Year's Eve!! Feel free to order ahead by calling 617-325-8686 or email at info@sevenstarstreetbistro.com. Day-time Catering available with 24-hour notice. Delivery to Roslindale, West Rox, Parts of JP and South Brookline on NYE. 
***We are excited for 2014 and wish everyone a happy and healthy New Year!!!, Everyone helps out at Seven Star we even brought in our own special little elf to get ready for the night! #onebigfamily, It's Christmas Eve and WE ARE OPEN at 5PM!!! Give us a call starting at 3:00 to get your orders in for a desired-time pick-up or delivery. We'll be delivering to Roslindale, West Rox, Parts of JP and South Brookline! Merry Merry Everyone!! :), Can't believe Christmas is next week! We will be OPEN on TUE, DEC 24th for Christmas Eve!! Closed on Christmas DAY. If you are thinking of ordering we encourage you to call or email us anytime between now and then to request an order and time of pick-up/delivery. Our email is info@sevenstarstreetbistro.com or call between 3-5pm over the next few days. We will call or email you back to confirm. Note, we will be closed Monday (DEC 23). 
***WE will be OPEN NEW YEAR'S EVE, DEC 31. Pre-ordering encouraged as well!! Happy Holidays and we look forward to your visits over the next couple of weeks!!!, Folks, hope everyone is having a great start to your week, the snow is coming but we are New Englanders and can handle this right? 
****We want to give everyone a heads up that we have added a second phone line, and POS terminal for weekends, when there is higher call volume. Hopefully there will be a lot less busy signals and we will always continue to make changes to help bring you the best customer experience possible. Thanks for those of you who have been so loyal and patient, more exciting news to come in the next few weeks! Spread the word! :), Hey folks! We're here for you tonight from 5-9pm! Be safe on the roads today!, Hey Friends! For those who missed the piece on Phantom Gourmet, here you go...Enjoy and please feel free to share with your friends! :)  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JzA0kzQbZts, Hope everyone is having a great week! Just want to give you all a heads up that we will be featured on the PHANTOM GOURMET this Saturday at 11am, TV38! We hope you enjoy!, Happy Black Friday everyone, swing by and pickup a post shopping meal, or visit us tomorrow for Small Business Saturday! Hope everyone had a wonderful Thanksgiving!, We want to wish everyone a very happy Thanksgiving! We'll be closed this wed-thur, but back open on Black Friday, Nov 29th!!! We hope to see you after a long day of shopping- and be sure to get out and support your favorite local small businesses on Saturday! From our family to yours, we wish you a safe and festive Holiday!, Hey South Brookline and JP friends! Just a reminder that we are now offering delivery to you on Fridays and Saturdays. Please see our earlier posts with details to see if you fall within our delivery zone or check out our site sevenstarstreetbistro.com. So try it out this weekend and tell your friends and neighbors (we appreciate the word of mouth!!), Our trial delivery zones for Brookline and JP are as follows:
Brookline: Between Grove St./Putterham, Newton St., Allandale/ Faulkner Hospital
JP: Between Forest Hills/ Centre St. ending at Perkins St.
and Forest Hills at Washington ending at Brookside Hospital
and of course the Arboretum area.

We will post this info on our website asap, email us at:
info@sevenstarstreetbistro.com with any questions., Hi Folks, Hope everyone's upcoming weekend is relaxing as we all had an eventful week full of celebration! 
**We want to make a quick announcement about our delivery service: We will be making an effort to expand delivery to our friends in parts of JP and South Brookline. This service will be offered on Friday and Saturday nights for now and if we are successful we would love to expand our delivery on a full-time basis. Please spread the word to friends. Thanks for all of your continued support!, Congratulations to our World Champs!! Way to go Red Sox!!, Let's go Sox!, null, We are doing a SPECIAL tonight!! Chef caught a striped bass off Nantasket. Bass served crispy skin with peppers, ginger, and garlic $14.95. Ask for the special when you call in your order tonight :), We hope you all had a fabulous Labor Day weekend and are having a great start to the school year!! Such a crazy time of year, but we are here so come on by or give us a call to order up some dinner! :) www.sevenstarstreetbistro.com, Hey folks!! We're here tomorrow (Friday) and Saturday and will be closed for Labor Day on Sunday. Come on by for your weekend fix before all of the 'end of summer' festivities :), Sz. Spice Shrimp!, And we're back at it. Open once again!, We are back from our honeymoon and ready to start cooking up a storm! See you all on Weds. for our first night back in business!, Just a friendly reminder, last weekend open before vacation. Get your Seven Star fix. Will be closed June 24-July 17! Our staff will certainly miss our lovely guests!, Father-son moment: Have to give a big thank you to my father, Joseph Lin. He has been a great mentor. Thank you dad!, Happy Father's Day to all the wonderful dad's out there! And a special father's day wish to our very own Chef Joseph!!, Mango Pie :), Back by popular demand we have a SPECIAL tonight: Mango Pie! $3/slice :), Today is Seven Star's 2nd Birthday!! Thank you all so much for your patronage, friendship, and support these last 2 years! We hope to continue to grow in the coming years. Keep spreading the word. We love you all!!, Special tonight! Yu Hsiang eggplant! Sweet and spicy brown garlic sauce..., Happy Mother's Day to all the mom's out there and to our own at Seven Star!! <3, We're Getting Married!!! Chris and Michelle, the owners of Seven Star Street Bistro are getting married on June 30, 2013. SSSB will be closed: Mon. June 24th-Tue. July 16th. We will re-open Weds. July 17th!, Pork with Thai basil!, We will be open tonight, but will be without a delivery driver. Be safe everyone!, Stay safe and indoors everyone!, Our hearts go out to all the victims from yesterday's tragedy at the Marathon. In an effort to help the victim's families we would like to do our part by giving 10% of our sales on Friday and Saturday night to The Greg Hill Foundation. http://www.thegreghillfoundation.org 
Our thoughts and prayers continue to be with the victims from this tragedy and the service workers who continue to help us heal., Staff Easter Sunday Dinner! Taiwanese Lobster!, Happy Easter everyone! Our delivery driver is out tonight, but we will still be open for carry out - normal Sunday hours, For all of our vegetarian friends out there, tomorrow we will have our first batch of vegetarian Hot and Sour Soup! Please specify when you order that you would like the vegetarian version :) It tastes exactly like the original!
*contains eggs, Seven Star Street Bistro staff outing @bostonbowl ! See you all Wednesday!, Come by and try...!, Photo of the Day: Hot & Sour Soup!, Photo of the day: beef lomein!, http://vimeo.com/59069941, Thanks for all the love tonight folks! SSSB was hoppin'! What a special night! <3, Happy Valentine's Day!, We're OPEN tonight with a limited staff. Please call ahead. We will start taking orders at 4:00. Delivery may be limited. We hope you all enjoyed yourselves this weekend!!, We'll be closed again this evening. Still snowed in! Everyone enjoy the day and we'll keep you updated as to when we will re-open., SSSB will be closed tonight, everybody please stay safe and warm!, Hope everyone stays safe during the storm tomorrow! We will be watching the storm development to determine if we can open Friday or not. Some of our wonderful employees have long commutes and we want our customers to stay safe as well. We will keep you all updated on Facebook and we'll be around this evening if you want to be sure to get your weekend fix in early! ;)

-SSSB, Photo of the day: Wok tossed Chinese broccoli with garlic!, Photo of the day: Wok tossed Chinese broccoli with garlic!, Photo of the day: Crispy orange beef!, Catering order! Think of us for your next event!!, Comfort food for the game! Go pats go!, Cookin' it up for public viewers!, Chef Chris Lin shooting his first cooking show as part of a 3-part series for the "Chef's Table" television program., A mountain of Char Siu Pork Strips, Happy Sunday Funday! Hoping the Patriots come up with a big W today!, Photo of the Day: Preparing our crab rangoons for the remainder of the weekend!, Photo of the day: kan shao shrimp!, Love the star anise in 7 Star's 5 flavor chicken!, Hey folks! We're back tonight! Hope you all had a wonderful holiday. Don't forget we are open New Year's Eve!!!!, Hey Guys! Reminder: We will be open tomorrow, Christmas Eve from 5-10pm!!! Please call ahead to place your orders at 617-325-8686. Happy Holidays to Everyone!!, We are back tonight!! Don't forget it is Small Business Saturday, so please help support your local small businesses today- and every day :) Hope you had a wonderful holiday!!, Wishing you all a Happy Thanksgiving! We are thankful for so much this year! Enjoy this time with friends and family!! :), If your placing an order tonight make sure you try our first ever dessert special: Homemade Mango Pie w/ Fresh Whipped Cream. Enjoy!, Hey everyone! As you make your holiday plans we wanted to remind you that we'll be OPEN MONDAY DEC 24 on CHRISTMAS EVE and MONDAY DEC 31 FOR NEW YEAR'S EVE!!!  Call or email us for details: 617-325-8686, info@sevenstarstreetbistro.com, We are VERY excited to let you all know we will be OPEN MONDAY X-MAS EVE and MONDAY NEW YEAR'S EVE!!! Please feel free to place orders in advance as we anticipate higher than normal volume. We will be closed for Thanksgiving Nov 21, 22, 23, and Christmas Dec 25, 26. HAPPY HOLIDAYS!!! www.sevenstarstreetbistro.com, The PDF menu on our website is now downloadable. Enjoy!! www.sevenstarstreetbistro.com, A big thanks to those of you who picked up your pre-Hurricane Sandy dinner last night at SSSB! We hope you'll be enjoying some leftovers today! Please stay safe during the storm!!, Hey folks! Please check out our menu on www.sevenstarstreetbistro.com. The downloadable pdf link is not working at the moment, but you can still view our full menu by clicking on the "menu" tab., We are sooo grateful that Chronicle aired the piece on Seven Star Street Bistro again tonight!! Tiny mix up we want to clarify that we are open for dinner take-out/delivery service only. Our hours are Wed-Sat 5PM-10PM & Sun 5PM-9PM. We look forward to seeing you all soon for some deliciousness!! www.sevenstarstreetbistro.com, We're excited to be back at SSSB tonight! Come by and visit us, we've missed seeing all of your lovely faces and hope you had a nice week!, Folks just a reminder of some dates we will be closed for summer vacation and family commitments:
Sat., July 28-Tues. August 7
Sat. August 11th
Sat, September 1st & Sun., September 2nd
Have a great Summer!, We need a new web designer/ manager, if anyone has a good recommendation please email: info@sevenstarstreetbistro.com, Have a safe and happy 4th of July everyone!!!, Happy Father's Day Everyone! I want to personally thank my Father, Joseph Lin for patiently teaching me his craft and donating a year of his time to help make SSSB possible. Thanks Dad!, Cool piece on Father Son duos in Boston Magazine's food blog, Chowder: http://blogs.bostonmagazine.com/chowder/2012/06/14/father-son-restaurateurs-qa/#more-8883, It's our one year anniversary! Thank you for all of your support. We've been blessed this year, and are very humbled to have been accepted into the Roslindale community. Looking forward to another great year! :), http://jamaicaplaingazette.com/2012/05/11/mayor-menino-on-what-makes-rozzie-great/, http://www.boston.com/news/local/massachusetts/articles/2012/05/04/state_to_propose_banning_commercial_food_waste_from_landfills_by_2014/?p1=News_links, Hi Folks, we're springing for our one year anniversary...literally! In celebration of a tremendous first year in Roslindale, and as a reward to our loyal facebook fans, we're offering a free order of spring rolls when you buy $25 worth of food! Follow the link to redeem: http://on.fb.me/IEPx5d, We're back from our construction break! Come join us for dinner, we're excited to see everyone we missed this week :), Hey Folks! Just want to give everyone a heads up that we will be closed from April 16-25th for renovations in the kitchen and updates out front! Thanks! :), We love to support the local community, especially local food enthusiasts! Check out this local food blogger, there are lots of nice posts about local spots including one about SSSB!
http://www.rozziefoodie.blogspot.com/, http://westroxbury.patch.com/articles/seven-star-bistro-squeezes-into-roslindale, Happy St. Patrick's Day!!! Think of us tomorrow for your post-celebration comfort food fix! ;), We appreciate the increased business and support due to the recent press and word of mouth we have received. Because we are a tiny business and our facilities are designed to handle only so much volume, our wait times have been between 1.5-2 hours long the last few nights. We are working to our fullest abilities to bring you exceptional service and we kindly ask for your patience and understanding during this busy time. We expect things to calm down eventually, and hope that you will consider ordering from us when the wait times are not as long. We are actively looking for ways to expand our current facility, and will make those changes as soon as we are able. From our family to yours we want to reiterate our humble gratitude for your patronage!, null, null, http://www.thebostonchannel.com/video/30574552/detail.html, If you're in front of a tv tonight check us out we will be featured on Chronicle with a few other restaurants in a piece about inexpensive local eateries. 7:30 pm Channel 5 :), Hope everyone enjoys the game tonight! Go PATS!!!!, Happy Chinese New Year!, Dear Valued Guests and Facebook Fans,
We'd like to make you aware of our new hours of operation starting next week: We have decided to no longer offer lunch and we will be closed on Mondays & Tuesdays to focus our efforts on catering services and bringing you exceptional dinner service Wednesday-Sundays. We offer catering for day & evening events and meetings. Please inquire at info@sevenstarstreetbistro.com. We look forward to your continued patronage and support, and from our family to yours, we wish you all a Very Happy & Healthy New Year!, http://tablecritic.com/index.php?/posts/sevenstarstreetbistro/, Thanks to all of our awesome guests for your patience during this busy time of year! For those of you who are planning to order from us on New Year's Eve we are expecting longer than usual wait times. Please factor that in when you place your orders. Thank you and Happy New Year everyone!!!, Folks just a quick reminder about our upcoming holiday hours: We will be closed Christmas Eve, and Christmas Day. We will re-open on Tuesday the 27th. We will be open New Years Eve, and New Years Day for our normal hours of operation. Happy Holidays!!, Congrats to David Barron for being our 400th Facebook Fan and the winner of a $25 Gift Certificate!! Thanks David!, We're proud to share with you all that Seven Star Street Bistro was named one of Boston's Best New Restaurants for 2012!!!, Hey folks! We have some great holiday gift ideas for you and yours this holiday season, such as Gift Certificates (any amount) and SSSB vintage-style T-shirts for only $20!!! Happy Holidays!! :), Only available at lunch! Rice bowl :) Wok dish over rice w/ app and soda starting at $6.95, of course vegetarian options available!, Hope everyone is having a great day! Just wanted to update a few things: We are now serving lunch Tue -Fri 11:30 am- 3pm. Please spread the word especially if you know any small businesses in the area that could use a new lunch spot!, Please remember to support small businesses today!! We'll be open tonight and hope to see you!! :), Happy Thanksgiving to all from the Seven Star Family!, Wishing everyone a Happy Thanksgiving!! We'll be closed tue-fri this week for maintenance and Thanksgiving and we'll re-open on saturday, Nov 26. See you all soon!!, Back by popular demand for the weekend!!!, Tonight's Special: Taiwanese rice dumpling w/ Diced pork, shiitake mushroom and bamboo shoots. 2 for $7, Happy Eve'O Halloween Everyone! :), Need a caterer for your holiday party or business meeting? For more info email us at info@sevenstarstreetbistro.com, Hey Folks! Tell your friends & family to like us on Facebook! The 400th person to become a fan will get a $25 Gift Certificate :), Tonight's Special: Carrot Ginger and Leek Soup! Get some while it lasts :) Happy Sunday everyone!, null, null, We are offering a staff favorite as a special again this weekend: Shrimp and Tofu Spring Rolls w/ Sweet Thai Chili !!, Hope everyone is enjoying the beautiful day just wanted to let everyone know we will be closed this Sunday for an off-site event, hope everyone has a relaxing labor day weekend!, Phone lines back up and running!, Hey everyone! Our phone lines are down at the moment and the telephone company is working on the problem. If the problem isn't resolved in time for dinner we apologize for any inconvenience if you should call and can't reach us. We welcome you to come by to place your orders! We'll post an update when the lines are back up!, We're OPEN tonight! And in honor of Hurricane Irene we're offering Shrimp and Tofu Spring Rolls with our Sweet Thai Chili Sauce again! They are a must try!, Hey everyone! We're doing a SPECIAL tonight! Shrimp and Tofu Spring Rolls!! They are just as delicious as they sound! Please ask for availability when you order as we're offering a limited amount for tonight!, http://thephoenix.com/Boston/food/125110-review-seven-star-street-bistro/, Hey Folks! We will be open for dinner tonight at 5:00PM. We missed you guys! :), Happy Sunday Everyone, just a few updates: Tonight we will be opening at 6pm due to some air conditioner maintenance taking a bit longer than expected, and starting tomorrow we will be closed for our summer vacation, and will be open again on Tuesday August 9th at 5pm!! We'll miss all of you and see you when we get back :), We've added a few new items to our menu! Spicy Wok Tossed Bean Sprouts, Eggplant Tempura w/ Chili Aioli (both vegetarian friendly) and Taiwan Style Pork Chop w/ A Fried Egg Over Rice. Enjoy!, We're offering a couple of specials this weekend: Taiwan style fried pork chop w/ fried egg over rice and steamed curry beef buns w/ Thai basil...Give 'em a try! :), We will be offering delivery to Roslindale, and West Roxbury Weds-Sun nights beginning tonight please allow a little extra time as we get to know the lovely neighborhoods :), Tonight we will be offering two specials: 
Taiwanese sticky rice w/ sliced pork, shitake mushrooms and shallots
Wilted Romaine (from the rosi farmer's market)  w/ sliced garlic (vegetarian)
Only 4 orders of each :), Had a great time yesterday at the Roslindale Farmer's Market! This weekends green onions, cilantro and romaine lettuce are from local farmers, can't wait for more produce as the season progresses!, In the mood for ribs tonight?? Try our orange soy-glazed baby back ribs! They are seriously mouth watering and we're pretty sure they won't disappoint!, Thanks everyone for an awesome opening week, we appreciate all the positive feedback, and will work tirelessly to give you the best service, please spread the word about the online menu, although we will be printing paper menus we're tryin to utilize modern technology and save mother nature in the process :), Opening Night!, http://sevenstarstreetbistro.com/menu/
Updated menu w/ vegetarian Items now posted on the website, all items that are vegetarian or can be made vegetarian are noted with a "V." Note: we will be using a separate wok for veg. dishes. We'll try to add more items by way of specials (hopefully using some yummy ingredients from the Roslindale Farmers Markets) Enjoy! , Todays Photos, Happy to announce we will be opening June 1st for eat-in and takeout, delivery to follow. We will post the final menu a couple days before opening!, Thanks for all of the encouragement folks! Things are moving along a bit faster now and looks like we'll be able to open by early spring! We'll post an update as the opening gets closer!, Opening date: my apologies on the delayed opening, it is an absolute nightmare opening a restaurant in Boston, I was informed that an application I filled out 2 months ago for a very basic license was buried on someone's desk this entire time, I anticipate it might take another 2 months. I promise the wait will be worth it, thanks for your patience :), To all the veggie lovers: I really appreciate all the feedback and suggestions keep it coming! I am starting to see the high demand for vegetarian dishes and will make a concerted effort to add more vegetarian dishes. For starters, almost all wok dishes can be made w/ vegetarian substitutes in place of meat. Likewise I will experiment in the coming weeks with seitan, tofu skewers, vegetarian dumplings and such... :), http://www.boston.com/yourtown/news/back_bay/2010/12/farmers_markets_hum_in_the_sum.html?p1=HP_Well_YourTown_links, Great article about Daikon radish its ability to breakdown complex carbohydrates, fats, and the potential use to block carcinogens., feedback?, null, http://www.neuetuesday.com/, http://sevenstarstreetbistro.com/ Huge thanks to Nat Jabbawy of Neue Tuesday Creative for doing an amazing job designing the website, interior/exterior sketches, logo, and menu. If anyone wants to build or revamp their business give him a shout!, null, Finally construction is underway! Will post pics as soon as they're ready!, Orange Soy Glazed Baby Back Ribs, Orange soy glazed baby back ribs are addictive, just did my first batch! They are so addictive can't wait for everyone to try! Pictures coming..., http://cookingthebooks.typepad.com/cooking_the_books/2009/08/xiao-chi.html, Cool blog post describing Chinese Xiao Chi (small plates), Construction starts in a few weeks, can't wait to post the final menu and open the doors, hopefully by November or December!, null, null)