List(Come in day or night and try Chef David's new chicken liver mousse! You don't want to miss out on this little jar of deliciousness. #chickenliver #mousse #butcher, Niko is learning the fine art of butchering a #chickeringfarm veal courtesy of @erinhockizzle! Look at those two! Pure joy and wonder. #veal #butcher #tbsboston, Come on in to #tbsboston and try Chef David's new Rabbit Agnolotti with pinenuts, golden raisins, and parmesan. Looks great! #rabbit #butcher, Get excited football fans! TBS sausage rolls are here for #superbowl50! Come on in and grab one on Sunday. #butcher #football #sausageroll, With Super Bowl 50 just around the corner we are stocking the case with delicious goodness. Keep an eye out for updates on our Super Bowl offerings. #superbowl #butcher #snacks, Bust out those forks and sharpen those knives. Wagyu is back! Step your winter game up! #wagyu #steak #butcher #winter @erinhockizzle, Look who got some beautiful new table tops! Come on by and enjoy a delicious meal while admiring these beauties. #reclaimedwood #newtables #bu, Just so you know. Tom Brady eats The Butcher Shop meat. Great article. Take a read., Come on in to @TBS_Boston to warm up on this cold snowy day! We have all the wine, beer, and steaks to warm you right up! #butcher #snow #southend #steak, We will be closed today for the holiday and reopening for brunch tomorrow! Come on in tomorrow and enjoy! #brunch #newyears #2016, null, Look at this happy butcher! Today is the last day to get you holiday orders in! Don't forget, the butcher closes at 6. #butcher #holidays #squash, Since we were closed last night come on in today and grab your weekly provisions! The case is stocked and ready for you! #soup #butcher #potpie #charcuterie, The Butcher Shop will be closing at 3:30 today for a private event this evening. We will reopen tomorrow at noon for lunch. See you then!, We're coming straight outta The Butcher Shop! We are still taking orders till 6pm tonight. Come get your turkeys from MC Hockey and EZ Colvin. #thanksgiving #turkey #butcher #nwa @erinhockizzle @TBS_Boston, And you thought Kramer looked good as a turkey! We are still taking thanksgiving orders until Friday! Come place your order with our butchers.  #butcher #chefmattturkey. #seinfeld #kramer #thanksgiving #turkey, Prepare yourself...
Because @kummerspeck__  and @shahahahahahan love you all so much, this will be available for lunch today and on through dinner till we run out. 
Smoked suckling pig porchetta for two. N'duja gnocchi, wild watercress, pickled apple, candied walnut, and a couple poached eggs. Duh... #porchetta #smoker #butcher, Our cheese buyer @grannymcgeezees  has his November cheese board going strong and stinky! Dutch Knuckle, Vacherin Mont D'Or, Persille de Rambouillet are just a few new favorites @formaggiosouthend #cheese #sugarhousecreamery, Rather than slicing and dicing, take the time to relax, mingle with friends and family and give thanks. The Butcher Shop is offering farm-raised turkeys from Sensenig Farm, PA, with all the fixings for your feast. #butcher #turkey #thanksgiving #sensenigfarm, What a great list! We feel honored to have made it on.  http://www.timeout.com/usa/bars/best-wine-bars-in-america
Time Out, The Butcher Shop, Manuel Muga, from @bodegasmuga, paid us a lovely visit to discuss two outstanding vintages, including the 2006 Muga Prado Enea featured on our #tbsboston wine list. What a treat! #muga #bodegasmuga #charcuterie #spanishwine, @chickeringfarm #roseveal tomahawk chops for two. Appropriate fixin's. Tonight., Chef Matt has just a few more orders of #Zampone this evening. Trotter stuffed with veal and pork sausage, and fried till crispy. Local #quince and a salad of pickled honeynut squash, herbs and treviso., Chickering farm veal sirloin roast! Come and get your #chickeringfarm veal cuts while they last. #butcher #roseveal, Erin, our butcher, bringing in a suckling pig from #chickeringfarm! #butcher #sucklingpig #tbsboston #porchetta, Prep for the zampone begins! Keep an eye out for it to pop up at #tbsboston. #butcher #zampone #charcuterie #trotter, We are closed for service today for a SOLD OUT #tbsharvestfest! Can't wait to see all our friends out on Waltham Street!, @row34 will be working hard next Sunday at #tbsharvestfest. Will you be there to support them and all of the great chefs? #fall #tbsboston #sundayfunday, Regraming @islandcreekoysters! So excited to have them at #tbsharvestfest! Going to be a fun sunday! #oysters #fall #harvest, Nothing like a delicious afternoon tea tasting courtesy of @mem_tea! Excited for some new flavors to pop up on our menu! #jadegreen #bloodorange #appleberry #teafordays #winterwarmer, Thrilled to announce that Island Creek Oysters & Row 34 will be joining the already amazing list of restaurants serving up delicious plates at next month's Harvest Fest! Tickets are selling fast, be sure to grab yours this weekend!, Stir just opened up some classes! Act fast! 

We just opened up two new classes for this weekend! Come savor the last moments of summer with us!
End of Summer Chef's Table Tasting $185
Friday, September 18th at 7pm
Sunday, September 20th at 6pm
Please give us a ring at 617-423-7847 to reserve!, So excited to see the lovely @stephaniecmar representing @fairstedkitchen at Harvest Fest this year! Don't forget to get your tickets! #tbsharvestfest #cmar #tbsboston #fairsteadkitchen #fall, Don't miss out! Limited pre-sale tickets are still on sale till Tuesday, when regular tickets go on sale. Get them while they last! #tbsharvestfest #tbsboston #butcher #fall #harvest, Don't forget to pick up those limited Harvest Fest pre sale tickets this weekend. In excitement we have a regram of the beautiful food of @sarmarestaurant! Can't wait to see them at Harvest Fest! #tbsharvestfest #tbsboston #sarma #shrimp #fall #southend, The Butcher Shop will be closing at 4pm for an event tonight. We will reopen tomorrow at noon for lunch. See you then!, Regram of @westbridge02139. So excited to see them at Harvest Fest this year! Can't wait! Limited pre-sale tickets go on sale Sep 4th. Get 'em while they last! #tbsharvestfest #butcher #westbridge #fall, Save the date folks! Harvest Fest is coming up fast! Don't forget pre-sale tickets go on sale on September 4th, and regular tickets go on sale on the 8th. Don't miss out! #tbsharvestfest #butcher #barbaralynch #harvest #autumn, Come support a great cause with us and RESERVE. Make a reservation with Reserve and use the promocode: ROSEFORDAYS to get a pour of rosé in support of Susan G. Komen of Massachusetts. $5 will be donated with your reservation to help fight breast cancer.  #rose #rosefordays #reserve #butcher #steak #summer, Chef Matt butchering a beautiful Burnshirt Valley Farm pig. #pork #coppa #burnshirtvalleyfarm #butcher, Check out what Chef Matt has to say in this great Zagat article about the new Boston Public Market!!
https://www.zagat.com/b/boston/what-to-eat-and-buy-at-boston-public-market, null, Looking for an excuse to escape the city? Chef Matt Mahoney and his team will be preparing a multi-course dinner at Smolak Farms, North Andover, on July 22nd at 6pm
More information (including menu): www.smolakfarms.com/whim
Purchase Ticket: www.eventbrite.com/o/smolak-farms-2330613891, Interested in joining our team? We're looking for a Server, 
Service Manager and Busser. Stop by No. 9 Park tomorrow between 12-2pm to apply. Please RSVP to careers@blgruppo.com and include your resume and cover letter. MORE INFORMATION: www.barbaralynch.com/careers

(Photo courtesy of Susie Cushner), Stop by No. 9 Park on Friday from 12:00-2:00 for their FOH Open House!, It's time to order all of your 4th of July grilling goodies. We have all the classics including steaks, burgers, sausages, and these beautiful smoked ribs! Call us at 617.423.4800 or email us at butcher@thebutchershopboston.com, Would you like to experience the life giving nourishment that is the  Peanut butter and Foie Burger? Then now is your chance! Try one tonight and chat with our in house beer buyer Dominga about what to pair with it., Chef Matt is bringing Burgers and Beers to a new level with two new burgers starting Sunday!!! The peanut butter and foie gras burger and the bayou burger are the newest additions. They'll join the TBS, dry aged, and royale with cheese on our Burgers and Beers menu going on Sunday-Tuesday.

Photos courtesy of Mercure Photography, null, This Father’s Day we’re offering whole beast butchery lessons for your Dad. Call 617-423-4800 to reserve. More information: www.thebutchershopboston.com, Burgers & Beers made Boston Magazine's list of notable culinary events in the city, along with our sister restaurant Menton's Champagne and Hot Dogs event on June 11th! 

Come in and see what all of the fuss is about, Camparti with No. 9 during Negroni Week!!! A portion of proceeds go to the Barbara Lynch Foundation, and if you don't go we'll keep making terrible puns..., Burgers & Beers has officially started! Sunday - Tuesday  from now until Labor Day we'll be serving up some awesome new burgers in addition to our signature menu. Tonight we'll have a dry aged burger, beef heart patty melt, and to keep things interesting chef Matt added on a Chicago style hot dog! Each burger has a suggested beer pairing from our beer buyer Dominga Ruiz de-Jesus, come on by and let us know which one you like best!

Photos courtesy of Mercure Photography, Burgers & Beers commences in just over a week! Here's the classic TBS Burger as a little warm up, keep an eye out for some awesome new burgers and beer pairings from Chef Matt and Dominga

Photo Courtesy of Mercure Photography, It's almost here..., Looking for that last minute Mother's Day gift? Treat her to a chef's tasting menu at our sister restaurant Stir tonight!, Stop on by and try our new lamb tartare! It's delicious and refreshing with garbanzo beans, salsa verde, and a salad of fines herbes and pea tendrils., Don't miss this incredible opportunity to meet with the one and only Marc Vetri at Sportello next Thursday 4/23! Call 617-737-1234 to reserve, Two of our staffers - Steve Gilarde & Dominga Ruiz-de Jesus (our beer buyer) let Eater know what to drink with burgers.., Our chef de cuisine, Chef Matt Mahoney, shares his burger-making tips with EATER.., Check out Chef Matt Mahoney fabricating a whole lamb from North Star Farms during the VIP hour at the Boston Lamb Jam 2015 event this weekend. Tix selling fast: http://www.americanlamb.com/event/boston-lamb-jam-global-flavors-tour-individual-ga/, Last chance to get your tickets for Toques & Tonic! Stop by and pick up yours today, or follow the link below to purchase your tickets online. Don't miss your chance to meet our dream team of chefs including Barbara Lynch, Grant Achatz, Mark Ladner, and Gary Danko!, Toques & Tonic 2015 is only a week away! Tickets are selling fast but you can still grab a sweet discount when you buy them at The Butcher Shop. So, join us for a cool glass of rose and snag your chance to attend the hottest culinary event in town!, We're incredibly grateful to be on Boston Common Magazine's list of places to check out in the South End. Stop by and say hello to the team that makes things like this possible every day!!, We'll have to do something like this soon. Anyone have any suggestions for who we should bring in???, The frenching has begun! Order your Easter lamb with us today, or join us for brunch from 11:00 AM-3:00 PM April 5th. Chef Matt and Chris will be personally carving lamb racks tableside so don't miss out!, Join us for brunch on Easter Sunday! Call, come by, or reserve online. Check out the full menu on our website: http://thebutchershopboston.com, Congrats to all the finalists, especially Cassie Piuma of Sarma, and Joanne Chang of Flour!, Congratulations Number 9 Park on advancing to the second round of Munch Madness! Best of luck through the rest of the bracket, we'll all be pulling for you here at The Butcher Shop!!!, null, Can you guess the newest chef signed up for Toques and Tonic?!  
The Barbara Lynch Foundation will be giving away two free tickets to this wonderful event to the lucky winner. Follow us on Twitter @blfboston for clues starting Monday 3/16 as to who it is, and tweet your guesses at us within 24 hours. Correct guesses will be entered into a drawing and announced on 3/18 on Twitter. BEST OF LUCK!!!, Call and schedule your private butcher lesson today! Get a group of friends together to break down anything from chickens to whole pigs. One on one lessons are also available, and make great gifts for dad's and grads that want to hone their skills for grilling season!, Our amazing butcher, Christopher Walker, demonstrating the finer points of how to break down a pig. Thanks to Brooks Cloud Farms for the animal, and thanks to the kids and staff at City Year for joining us for an incredibly fun afternoon!, It's time to get the beef in brine for St. Patty's Day! Stop by and pick up yours from our retail case before its too late. Don't feel like cooking? Stop in and enjoy a pint of Guinness and try our version of corned beef and cabbage, Check out B&G Oyster's Stephen Oxaal's take on this topic, null, Ever wondered what a lamb drumstick would look like? Stop by our retail case and take one home today!, Congrats Chef Barbara! We're still using that knife in the kitchen at The Butcher Shop by the way, Thanks North Star Farm for the beautiful lamb! Check them out at http://www.northstarsheepfarm.com/ and stay tuned for more menu updates to come, Stay warm with Chef Matt Mahoney's recipe for bone broth featured in WGBH!, You may not be able to see past your steps in this near white out winter storm, but if you venture out onto the corner of Tremont and Waltham, you'll find us open and ready! Come warm up with a ham and swiss panini and some tomato soup. #openinbos #loveonmain, A big thank you to everyone who came out to dine with us tonight! It was a great night, and we can't wait to do it all again tomorrow. Stay warm Boston!, null, The Butcher Shop will be open today for lunch and dinner starting at noon! Come by and see what Chef Matt Mahoney has in store for another snowy day in Boston., Due to the MBTA shutting down all trains at 7:00, we will not be offering dinner service tonight...However, we still have plenty of wine! Come by and watch the snow fall with some wine and cheese, Staying home from work today? Play hookie at The Butcher Shop.  We are open all day starting at noon...Red wine makes the snowfall that much prettier!, The beautiful view from Table 22. We are OPEN! Come watch the snow fall at The Butcher Shop. Open for lunch starting at 12 PM. Butcher is open for retail till 8., Still looking to order food for the Super Bowl tomorrow? We have all your favorite tailgate foods including smoked brisket chili, buffalo wing kits, pulled pork and all the steak and charcuterie you and your fellow Patriots fans could ever want! Call us at 617.423.4800 or email us at butcher@thebutchershopboston.com, Check out Eater Boston's article on some childhood favorites of Chef Matt Mahoney!, We'll be serving up Wiener Schnitzel Holstein all week long to celebrate Eater Boston's Classics Week. Come by and check out Chef Matt's take on a Locke Ober staple!, Our Butcher has prepared the ultimate selection of heat-and-serve and grill-friendly GameDay favorites. Pickup items such as Chicken Wings (available w/ a complete kit of ranch, carrot, celery & buffalo sauce) Wagyu Hot Dogs made with our #1 selling sirloin flap American Wagyu steak, Pulled Pork & Smoked Chili Brisket by the pint! 617-423-4800, null, "Watch the Super Bowl at Lynch’s Butcher Shop in the South End on Sunday, or order some of her favorite tailgate dishes to go, including smoked brisket chili, wagyu hot dogs, and steak and cheese grinders.."
Call 617-423-4800 to place your order or make a reservation, Due to winter storm Juno, The Butcher Shop will be closed tomorrow January 27th, but we'll reopen Wednesday the 28th at 12:00 for lunch. Stay safe everyone!, null, We're taking dinner reservations and AFC game day pick-up orders for Wagyu Beef Hot Dogs + Pulled Pork + Smoked Brisket Chili by the pint! Give us a call 617-423-4800, "Three Little Pigs" by Chef Matt Mahoney, Where are you watching the AFC championships this Sunday? We're screening the game live in the dining room & will be serving Dry Aged Burgers, Wagyu Beef Hot Dogs with Brisket Chili, Steak and Cheese Grinders, St. Louis Style Pork Ribs. We're also offering specials to go - Wings, Pulled Pork + Smoked Brisket Chili by the pint + Dogs! 
Kick off at 6:40pm!, We're putting the Pierre Peters champagne on ice as we get ready for New Year's Eve! There are still have a couple of tables available for dinner, call us to enquire on 617-423-4800 
The kitchen is open until 11pm, TONIGHT, we'll be handing out warm cups of apple cider 4-7pm during the South End End Holiday stroll! 
FREE parking at 540 Harrison Street & we hear that there will be FREE pedi-cabs 5-8pm to transport you around the neighborhood! 

Retail & restaurant will be open as per usual. Call to make a reservation 617-423-4800

We hope you stop by!, Looking to gift the enthusiastic eater or avid home cook on your list?
 
This holiday season we are offering a private hands-on butchery lesson package that comes with a gift wrapped knife, 1 hour long hands-on butcher lesson, 3-course lunch & 15% off retail items on the day of your class. 

Available for purchase at The Butcher Shop & from our friends at KitchenWares by Blackstones on Newbury St!, Hi Folks, 
We're currently experiencing some phone troubles at TBS and can't receive any calls. We're hoping to be back online soon but feel free to reach out at info@thebutchershopboston.com if you have any pressing questions and remember you can reserve for our first seating on OpenTable!
Thanks again!
Team TBS, Have you placed your Thanksgiving Order with us yet?  Only 1 Day left to order your pie from our friends at Party of Two + 3 Days for Turkey & Sides., Check out this awesome event at Sportello.  Yummy black and white truffles from the old world., Fall is Here...Come in to The Butcher Shop today and warm up with a Spicy Tomato Soup and a glass of 2010 Produttori del Barbaresco being served out of a magnum!, What a great video from last weekend's #tbsharvestfest! Thanks Pangea Shellfish Company for joining us & capturing the fun! , null, Thank you to everyone who joined us yesterday at #tbsharvestfest. It was a perfect afternoon full of food, friends and fun! We enjoyed seeing each of you and hope you had a fantastic time! 

We couldn't have made it happen without all of the amazing chefs, restaurants and purveyors that joined us so a HUGE thank you to all of them!, null, Wanna’ Play a Game… a Fowl Game? Join us at #tbsharvest this Sunday to identify various game birds from an estate in Scotland. The winner will score the sought-after white truffle from Alba! GAME ON! 

Get your tickets here: https://thebutchershopboston.ticketbud.com/, Weekend Plans? We’re salivating in anticipation because our friends at Harpoon Brewery will be serving Harpoon IPA, Harpoon Octoberfest, Harpoon Boston Irish Stout, UFO White, UFO Pumpkin & Harpoon Cider beers at this Sunday’s #tbsharvestfest. 

Wait, it gets better, because you can wash down those cold beers with nutty, creamy, funky cheeses from Formaggio Kitchen South End’s cheesemongers. See you there!

Get your tickets here: https://thebutchershopboston.ticketbud.com/, Sunday's supposed to be a nice crisp, sunny afternoon and it's a good thing because sunshine & fresh seafood is just what the doctor ordered! See you there! #tbsharvestfest 

Direct Ticketing Link: https://thebutchershopboston.ticketbud.com/harvest-fest

STATION #04 - MAINE LOBSTER and B&G OYSTERS
chorizo stuffed Maine Lobster tails with lemon pepper aioli  

 STATION #11 - "FROM THE SEA"
#11.1 PANGEA SHELLFISH
fresh shucked Standish Shore oysters
 
#11.2 GEORGE'S BANK
fresh shucked South Bay Blonde oysters 
 
#11.3 WOODBURY'S SHELLFISH 
littlenecks on the half shell, Grill Station #01 @ The Harvest Fest, South End, Boston, MA: Siena Farms - The Siena Farms Farmers themselves will be grilling up their own beautiful fall harvest vegetables

Direct Ticketing Link: https://thebutchershopboston.ticketbud.com/harvest-fest, Tis' the season for apples & the fall Harvest! Great article from Boston Herald about tasty apple festivities in October - including our #tbsharvestfest on Sunday. Yum!, What better way to spend this rainy, dreary morning than with Party of Two's Stephanie Cmar & Justin Burke-Samson! The sweet smell of apple cinnamon donuts & cheddar apple tarts doesn't hurt either. Be the first to taste these new flavors at Sunday's #tbsharvestfest :)

You can check out the full story in tomorrow's Boston Herald - but you better get those tickets NOW, because just like Jeter they are going, going, and about to be gone!

MORE INFO: http://thebutchershopboston.com/menus/harvest-fest/. 
TICKETS: https://thebutchershopboston.ticketbud.com/harvest-fest, See YOU there! Thanks Eater Boston for the shout-out about #tbsharvestfest. Get those tickets while they are hot!

MORE INFO: http://thebutchershopboston.com/menus/harvest-fest/. 
TICKETS: https://thebutchershopboston.ticketbud.com/harvest-fest, Meatless Mondays? No worries! Harvest Fest is THIS Sunday, Oct 5th and there’s no better way to get your fill of meat than with delicacies like: 

* duck drumettes with chili pomegranate glaze and pistachio praline from Myers+Chang 
* charcuterie board including homemade salami's from Moody's Delicatessen & Provisions 
* hand-crafted, artisanal hotdogs and prime ground beef burgers from none-other than Julia Child's first butcher in America, Savenor's, 
* Grilled 100% pure Japanese beef from 7X Beef!

#tbsharvestfest TICKES ARE SELLING FAST! Better get yours now! 

MORE INFO: http://thebutchershopboston.com/menus/harvest-fest/. 
TICKETS: https://thebutchershopboston.ticketbud.com/harvest-fest, The list of auction items (benefiting the Barbara Lynch Foundation) at Harvest Fest just keeps getting better! Want an inside sneak-peek of the highly anticipated Cafe ArtScience when it opens later this year? 
Here’s your chance!

2 lucky guests will join cocktail genius ToddMaul at that bar at Cafe ArtScience for dinner with cocktail pairings, AND a tour of the kitchen by Chef de Cuisine, Patrick Campbell. STARTING BID: $400

Go grab your #tbsharvestfest tickets so you don’t miss your chance to get in on this wicked awesome experience! 

MORE INFO: http://thebutchershopboston.com/menus/harvest-fest/. 
TICKETS: https://thebutchershopboston.ticketbud.com/harvest-fest

Want to learn more about the difference your auction donation will make? Visit http://barbaralynch.com/foundation/, Here at TBS we like to give back to the community! We know you do to! Join us at #tbsharvestfest for a silent auction to benefit the BARBARA LYNCH FOUNDATION, a non-profit organization dedicated to providing leadership, education, and vital resources to inner city children and families. 

Here’s a sneak peek of 1 of the goodies that’s up for grabs! 
A coveted reservation for four guests at 7:00pm on the last Sunday evening Hamersley's Bistro will be open to the public.  Enjoy their famous chicken for one more time and watch Chef/Owner Gordon Hamersley in the kitchen for one of the last times.  Dinner includes a $200 gift card. STARTING BID: $500. 

MORE INFO: http://thebutchershopboston.com/menus/harvest-fest/. 
TICKETS: https://thebutchershopboston.ticketbud.com/harvest-fest, Summer may be over but we’ve some pretty good reasons to still scream for ice cream! Check out the delicious flavors that Batch Ice Cream will be serving at #tbsharvestfest - Salted Caramel, Brown Sugar Bourbon & Pecan & and Ginger. OH MY! @Batch

 #tbsharvestfest TICKETS ON SALE NOW! http://thebutchershopboston.com/menus/harvest-fest/, HARVEST FEST is your chance to try endless goodies from one of Boston’s most anticipated restaurant openings - Top Chef Alum Stephanie Cmar & Justin Burke's Party of Two  

BE THE FIRST to try these NEW flavors from Stacked Donuts & Trademark Tarts! Donuts include; Apple Cinnamon, Pumpkin Chai & Cheddar Maple Bacon. Tarts include; Apple Cheddar, Brulee Pumpkin Pie & Bourbon Pecan.  #tbsharvestfest 

Get your Harvest Fest tickets Now! http://thebutchershopboston.com/menus/harvest-fest/, Did someone say stuffed Maine lobster tails?! Yes, please! , Feels like fall! Feels like HARVEST FEST! Join us on 10.5.14 for endless small plates from 20+ restaurants & purveyors, small-grower wines, local craft beers from Harpoon Brewery, and festive activities.  #tbsharvestfest TICKETS ON SALE NOW!!

MORE INFO: http://thebutchershopboston.com/menus/harvest-fest/. 
TICKETS: https://thebutchershopboston.ticketbud.com/harvest-fest, The Butcher Shop will be closed tonight for a private event. We'll reopen at 12 noon tomorrow for lunch. See you then!, We're ready to rock & roll! Check out the official 2014 commemorative Harvest Fest poster! Designed by B&G Oysters very own assistant general manager, Danny Rodriguez. We'll have posters for sale at the party, along with endless small plates from 20+ restaurants & purveyors, small-grower wines, local craft beers from Harpoon Brewery, and festive activities. Join us on 10.5.14! #tbsharvestfest 

MORE INFO: http://thebutchershopboston.com/menus/harvest-fest/. 
TICKETS: https://thebutchershopboston.ticketbud.com/harvest-fest, Congratualtions to Elliot Field, our #tasteofthegruppotour winner!  Hope you enjoy your party at Drink, The leaves are starting to turn and that means two things:

1) #tbsharvestfest is right around the corner, and
2) #tasteofthegruppotour is over :(.  We hope you enjoyed our special menu and thanks to all of those who participated!  This Friday we will be announcing the tour winner. This winner will receive an amazing all-inclusive party for 15 guests around The Block at Drink. We will be posting a video of the drawing on Friday so stay tuned!, Fall is right around the corner and so is Harvest Fest 2014! Get your tickets today at www.thebutchershopboston.com!, Tickets on Sale Now!, We're excited to announce that HARVEST FEST is officially back!  Sunday, October 5th. 20+ restaurants & purveyors. Local craft beers. Small-grower wines. Festive activities. Tickets go on Sale Monday, September 8th! #TBSharvestfest Join us along with Barbara Lynch Foundation B&G Oysters Stir  Alden & Harlow BatchMakers Homemade Ice Cream 
Cafe ArtScience Moody's Delicatessen & Provisions Neptune Oyster
Formaggio Kitchen South End Harpoon Brewery Myers+Chang Pangea Shellfish Company Tavern Road Siena Farms Savenor's - and more

Want us to email you when tickets are on sale? Visit  http://www.formstack.com/forms/?1459213-QgakrMadLN  
& enter your contact information. , LAST DAY of Taste of The Gruppo Tour! LAST DAY to get our 3-course prix-fixe lunch for $24. It doesn't get much better than a "fall-weather" afternoon with a beef hot dog smothered in brisket chili & american cheese!, One last night of Burgers & Beers!! What will you choose??, It's the last week of Burgers & Beers!!!! Grab a Wagyu, Dry Aged, or TBS Burger for dinner tonight or tomorrow before they disappear..., Want a party for 15 of your friends at Drink? Come check TBS off your list as the Taste of the Gruppo Tour continues!!, 3-course Lunch Prix-Fixe Menu $24 - how could you pass it up?!

Appetizers
Gazpacho heirloom tomato, avocado
Romaine Heart Salad Ceasar dressing, prosciutto

Entrees
Orecchiette summer squash, arugula pesto
Beef Hot Dog brisket chili, american cheese
Ham Panini swiss, sourdough, spicy tomato mustard

Dessert 
Chocolate Mousse creme chantilly
Lemon Cake raspberry, buttercream, Well that's an idea! Kick off your weekend with Matt and the TBS team!, rosé your way! we'll be pouring these delights from across the Mediterranean all day long!, Butcher demo tomorrow at 2pm... Come watch Chef Matt & Butcher Christopher break it down, Christopher is hosting a pâtés & terrines class tomorrow at 11am. Come eat charcuterie, drink wine, and learn a thing or two. Give us a call for more information!!, Planning dinner tonight?  Come grab up some steaks for the grill ... 

The Butcher Shop will be closing at 4pm today for a Private Event.  We apologize for any inconvenience and look forward to seeing you all soon!!!, We've got all sorts of delights for the Francophiles out there! #bastilleday, Haaaave you met Dominga??  Swing by & say hi!, TBS will be closed Thursday & Friday (3rd & 4th) in recognition of Independence Day.  
BUT... We are celebrating with a surprise appearance of our Burgers & Beers menu, featuring an all American beer list!!, Make sure you don't miss out on Burgers & Beers!! Make your reservation (4:30-6pm) today!, Have you had Kékfrankos yet??, Which is your favorite of Burgers & Beers so far this year??, Beautiful day for a burger!!
Lucky for you, we've got a few, Burgers & Beers!! 
Dry Aged, Wagyu, TBS Burgers... Which will you choose??
or maybe the Pulled Pork Sandwich or Hot Dog à la Maison??, Burgers & Beers is back for week 2!! 
Grab a burger and check out Chef Matt's butcher demonstration of a Berkshire Tamworth Pig from Burnshirt Valley Farm ... 
Burgers all night, Demo at 6pm, 2 pound Porterhouse for 2... or 1.  Think you can handle it?, Happy Pride! Join us at the center if it all and raise a glass while the parade rolls by!, The Butcher Shop will close this evening at 4:30pm for a private event. Service will resume tomorrow at noon. We apologize for any inconvenience and hope to see you soon!, You say potato, we say rosé!
Come grab a glass, throughout these warmer months, $1 of each glass of our Rosé of the Day will benefit the Barbara Lynch Foundation, null, It's finally here!!! 
Burgers & Beers starts at 4:30 today!!
Mondays & Tuesdays, 4:30-CL, BURGERS & BEERS starts tomorrow!!! 
What will you choose first? TBS Burger? Wagyu Burger? Dry Aged? 
And no matter what you choose, throw some foie on it!, Let 's play name that movie... 
"Secret's in the sauce"
Hint: this pictured appetizer special goes by the same name, Burgers & Beers starts in 6 days!!
Mondays & Tuesdays 4:30-CL starting June 9th, Let the countdown begin! 1 week until the start of Burgers & Beer. Check out the rest of the menu - http://thebutchershopboston.com/menus/burgers-beer/, There's always a reason for pink wine... Today @ TBS -Rainy day Rosé!!, Memorial Day weekend... Smells like BBQ to me!! Case is stocked with all your necessities. Come scoop up all your needs, Weekend Plans? Spend this Sunday afternoon with TBS learning how to make sausages while nibbling on charcuterie & salumi, and drinking a glass of Lambrusco.
, Pinzimonio, Baby Artichoke & Rosé sounds like a great way to start this Saturday night!, It's the last day to get reservations for Mother's Day Brunch... Give us a call!!, Hi Friends, The Butcher Shop will close for a private event tonight at 4pm. We apologize for any inconvenience and look forward to seeing you soon!, Show your mother some love! Reservations available for Mother's Day BRUNCH... Only a few days to go!!, Hi friends!! The Butcher Shop will be closing at 4pm today for a private event. We apologize for any inconvenience & look forward to hosting you again soon!, Join us at 1:30 today for a demo with our Butcher Christopher! We'll be breaking down a Holstein Veal from Barway Fields Farm., Rainy day got you down? Come try some new menu items, like the Porchetta... add an egg to bring your day sunny side up!, Come taste Spring @ The Butcher Shop. Introducing our Pinzimonio plate with fresh vegetables, bagna cauda and ricotta. Perfect with a glass of rose!, End of an era! Heather Kilpatrick is working her final shift tonight, come send her off in style with some bubbles (and foie?!) before she departs for NYC!, Munch Madness!! Take a minute to vote for all your favorite Boston restaurants (including TBS, Sportello, Menton, and No 9)
http://www.boston.com/ae/restaurants/specials/munch_madness/2014/, Chef Matt is prepping to start breaking down our Hanson Farm Hereford Cow, Butcher Demo Tonight!!! Chef Matt & Butcher Christopher will be demoing the breakdown of a Hereford Cow.... 
Oh, and did we mention that Dine Out Boston is upon us?!? 3 courses for $38 HOLY COW!!, Dine Out Boston starts today! We are taking reservations for all party sizes. We'll be serving a $25 3-course for lunch and a $38 3-course dinner menu, as well as our regular signature menus. Call for reservations: 617.423.4800, CSA is back at The Butcher Shop
We're kicking things off this month with a Butcher demonstration.... Join us at 7pm on Monday, March 17th upon the arrival of our Hanson Farm Hereford Cow!!, Come see us tonight at Taste of the South End! We will be serving pate de campagne, pork and fennel pate, spicy soppresotta, salame Biellese, mortadella, and house made pickles. , Hello friends, 

The Butcher Shop will be closed from 4pm-8:30pm for a private event this evening.  Our Butcher will remain open until 5:30.  Please join us as we reopen at 8:30 tonight.

We apologize for any inconvenience.

- The Butcher Shop Team, Donuts for days! Top Chef's Stephanie Cmar is taking over The Butcher Shop this weekend with her pop-up donut shop, Stacked Donuts. Starts at 9am until we sell out! Only available here for the next 3 weekends. Get them while they're hot!, Along with our Signature Menu, the Butcher Shop will also offer a special Prix Fixe dinner menu for Valentine's Day!

First Course:

Mixed green salad with winter citrus, shaved porcini, herb vinaigrette
OR
French onion soup, gruyere, puff pastry
OR
Wild boar lasagnettes

Entrees:

Stuffed Quail with chorizo, oyster, leek
OR
Beef Wellington, foie gras, pommes puree
OR
Prime Ribeye, broccoli, pommes dauphine
($20 supplement)

Desserts:
Warm Chocolate Cake, fresh raspberry, chantilly cream
OR
Baked Alaska, pistachio cake, cherry glace, The Butcher Shop will be closed for a private event this evening.  Our butcher will remain open for business until 5:30pm.  We apologize for any inconvenience., It's the perfect weather for the Butcher Shop! Strap up your boot laces, we'll keep the burners on!, We are excited to be hosting @SuzanneGoin and Ariane Daguin in the TBS kitchen this week as they prep for the amazing event that is Toques & Tonic!!

Get 10% off to join these ladies and many more incredible chef's and drink experts at the Boston Children's Museum on Friday!  Just use the Promo Code blgf&f at http://www.brownpapertickets.com/event/tbs/498171, Wings, Burgers, Dogs, Beer, Football... GAME ON, Seats are filling up fast... Come claim your spot for the game (or commercials, which ever you prefer)!!, SUPER BOWL!!
Wings, dip, beer cheese soup, jalapeño cheddar brat & more... Everything you need for an awesome party is in the case.  OR just don't do anything and come visit us for BURGERS, CHILLI DOGS, & live the High Life while you watch the game on the big screen., Have you gotten your tickets for The Barbara Lynch Foundation's Toques and Tonic party on February 7th?  

Want 10% off your tickets?? Use the Promo Code blgf&f  @ http://www.brownpapertickets.com/event/tbs/498171, TBS Happenings:

Sunday, Feb 2nd - SUPER BOWL SPECIALS including Burgers & Chili Dogs (and, yes, we will be showing the game!!!)

Friday, February 14th - VALENTINE'S DAY: 
Make your RESERVATIONS today!!!
3 Course Prix Fixe $78, Steak & Red Wine always warms us up..., Preparing for the game today? Don't forget to stop by and visit the butcher for all the necessities, Beautiful cottage pies available for sale at our retail shop!, Good News: Lunch 'til 4:30 today = BURGERS!!!
Bad News: The Butcher Shop will be closed for a private event this evening (service ending at 4:30, butcher closing at 5:30)
We apologize for any inconvenience., The Butcher Shop will be closing today at 4pm and remaining closed through tomorrow, Monday 1/6/14, as we celebrate the holidays with our Gruppo friends & family.  We apologize for any inconvenience & look forward to seeing you all as we reopen on Tuesday!, What? You want more?! GREAT! Spicy Tomato Soup making a rare appearance at dinner!!, Spicy Tomato Soup & a TBS Burger.  Is there any better way to warm up?? NOPE., Cote de Boeuf, Venison Wellington, Rabbit Two Courses.  Sound appetizing? Come grab your last feast with us before the New Years resolutions kick in!, Here's a great Wall Street Journal article featuring the Butcher Shop!, The Butcher Shop will be closing after lunch today for the holiday. We will be closed 12/25 & 12/26, re-opening at 12noon Friday, 12/27.... We apologize for any inconvenience.  MERRY CHRISTMAS!!, All you want for Christmas is a reservation at The Butcher Shop?!? You must've been good this year... Now accepting reservations for all size parties for New Years Eve!!, this little piggy went to market...., No plans for tonight? 'Meat' at The Butcher Shop & enjoy some vino with great company..., Tired of leftovers? Let us host dinner tonight... We'll even supply the wine!!, Gobble Gobble! Happy Thanksgiving! We hope you enjoy your day and if that includes holiday shopping then we hope you consider the gift that gives back - tickets to the Relais & Chateau Grand Chef Gala and Toques & Tonic - both benefiting The Barbara Lynch Foundation. Tickets go on sale tomorrow, and because you're our friends you can save 10% off tomorrow 11/29 - Monday 12/2. 
http://barbaralynch.com/foundation/, We've got what you need to have a 'grape' night!! Sùle Squinzano is our red wine of the day... Curious? Come give it a try, Steak.... It's what's for dinner, Thanksgiving is sneaking up on us... From savory to sweet, gravy to meat, we've got all the fixings! Give the butcher a call today to place your order., Join us Wednesdy night for a complimentary Mangalica ham tasting presented by Spanish cortador Kim Torrento. We will host the special demonstration on our butcher block from 6pm to 10pm., Red Wine, Red Meat, Red Sox!! The game is just over an hour away... Come join us as we'll have the game on the big screen!!, Thanks to all those who shared our ten year anniversary dinner with us! We will be closed tomorrow, Monday the 21st, as our staff celebrates a decade of food, wine, and good company together. We'll reopen Tuesday at noon for lunch - hope to see you then!, Rolling out the new fall menu at Butcher Shop, including Baby Spinach Salad with Squash, Feta, and Pumpkin Seeds., null, What better way to start your day than with a bacon cheddar scone, come in and get one!!!!, Our butcher, Erin, has been hard at work making Poulet au Pain for our retail case.  Hello, fall flavors!!!, The Butcher Shop will be closed tomorrow in observance of Labor Day.  Have a great day off!  We'll see you on Tuesday when we reopen for regular service., Our Apple Tart is mouthwatering goodness...come in and try it during Restaurant Week!!!, Hurry and make your reservations before restaurant week is over this Friday !!!

http://www.restaurantweekboston.com/restaurant/butcher-shop/, Nicoise Salad., Yippee it's national hot dog day!!!!, Come in out of the rain and try our delicious Castagnino , goat's milk cheese from Piedmont, IT!!!!, It is sooo hot everywhere.  You know where it isn't hot? The Butcher Shop!!  Come enjoy an refreshingly cold glass of rose in the coolest a/c in town!, Hello friends, 
We'll be closed on July 3rd & 4th to celebrate the holiday and give our hardworking team a little break and will re-open on Friday, July 5th. Have a great and safe 4th of July!, Come in and have a glass of rose to celebrate the summer solstice!!!, The Butcher Shop will be closed for a private event to tonight. Please join us next Monday and Tuesday when Burgers and Beers will resume!, Try our new beer from Jolly Pumpkin "Bam Biere" a delicious farmhouse ale tomorrow during burgers & beer!!!, Starting tomorrow for burger & beers at 4:30 pm ,try our new Colorado lamb burger with feta and cucumber, along with our dry aged and traditional..., It's finally here what you have been waiting all winter...burgers and beers are back on Monday & Tuesday nights starting Monday, June 10th. Come in and try our delicious new burgers as well as our new beer list..., Friends, the Butcher Shop will be closed today after 4p.m. for a special event.  (Please excuse the gratuitous picture of a very cute cow - we're smitten!), Hi all TBS fans we will be closing tonight at 4pm for our dinner with Diane St. Clair. We will reopen tomorrow at 12pm for regular service. See you all soon!!!, Our amazing dinner with Chef Barbara Lynch and Diane St. Clair to celebrate her book launch of her new book, The Animal Farm Buttermilk Cookbook, "A cult is gathering around buttermilk, and St. Clair may well be its high priestess..." -- William Grimes, New York Times.

Please join lauded dairy farmer and author, Diane St. Clair and Chef Barbara tomorrow night for a special summertime dinner celebrating buttermilk.  We think you will be surprised by just how light and refreshing buttermilk can be!  For instance, did you know that real buttermilk is naturally fat free?

Visit thebutchershopboston.com for more information or call us at 617-423-4800., Forget what you think you know about buttermilk.  The real deal is far more delicious and refreshing than that stuff you grew up with.  Don't miss your chance to experience real buttermilk and its many virtues with Chef Barbara and Diane St. Clair this Wednesday night.  Visit thebutchershopboston.com for more information., REAL buttermilk is an age old beverage that is surprisingly refreshing and delicious. Check out this NYT article on the oft overlooked Treat.  And don't miss the chance to celebrate buttermilk and all of its splendor with Diane St. Clair and Barbara Lynch this Wednesday night.  Call the Butcher Shop for more information!, Ever wanted to try Buttermilk Lasagna or better yet Raspberry Buttermilk Tart both with farm fresh buttermilk?!

Then come and join us on, Wednesday, June 5th at 7pm with Diane St. Clair and Chef Barbara Lynch for a glorious four course, wine paired dinner!

Call the Butcher Shop to reserve your seat! 617.423.4800, “The first time I tasted Diane’s butter, I was blown away. And when I later sampled her buttermilk, it was a revelation: gorgeous globs of that golden butter suspended in creamy, tangy buttermilk. Of course I wanted to put it in everything!" —Barbara Lynch 

We can’t wait to see what happens when Chef gets her chance to put Diane’s butter literally in everything for one special night at the Butcher Shop.  

Diane St. Clair, celebrated Vermont buttermaker, will join Chef Barbara Lynch on Wednesday, June 5th to create a special four course dinner at the Butcher Shop in celebration of Diane’s new book, The Animal Farm Buttermilk Cookbook: Recipes and Reflections from a Small Vermont Dairy.

Seats are still available.  Call the Butcher Shop to reserve your spot now! 617-423-4800, It's officially here - Haley's last night. Come by to wish her happy trails as she heads off for a summer in Maine followed by westbound voyage. (Nice photobomb, chef!), Hello Butcher Shop fans we will be closed Monday, May 27th in honor of Memorial Day. We will reopen Tuesday for regular service.

Have a safe and wonderful Memorial Day!!!, Brrrr...it's chilly out there.  Come warm up with some spicy tomato soup at The Butcher Shop!, Come in to TBS, Thursday May 23rd from 5-6:15pm to meet Bill Nesto, Master of Wine and Frances Di Savino, author of The World of Sicilian Wine, and taste some Sicilian wine with them as well as our very own Team Wine., Hi Butcher Fans, starting May 28th our butcher will be closing at 6pm on Friday and Saturday. Our new hours will be:
Monday-Thursday 12pm-8pm
Friday 12pm-6pm
Saturday 11am-6pm
Sunday 11am-5pm, We get pretty excited about Sicilian wine at The Butcher Shop, so we can't wait to read "The World of Sicilian Wine," by our friends, Bill Nesto and Frances Di Savino. Bill and Frances will be signing copies of their new book at The Butcher Shop this Thursday from 5 to 6:15 p.m. Stop by for a little armchair travel and stay for some tastes of the Mediterranean., What are you doing this Thursday night? Come by TBS and meet with Bill Nesto, Master of Wine and Frances Di Savino, who is the author of World of Sicilian Wine. Before they teach their class at Stir and get your very own copy signed by Bill and Frances!!



The World of Sicilian Wine
Master of Wine Bill Nesto and Frances Di Savino
with at The Butcher Shop, Thursday May 23rd
5pm-6:15p, What are you having for dinner??? We are having CO lamb rack with yummy artichokes, The Butcher Shop will welcome Diane St. Clair, the celebrated Vermont buttermaker who provides farmstead butter to chefs Barbara Lynch and Thomas Keller, for a special dinner to celebrate the publication of her first book The Animal Farm Buttermilk Cookbook: Recipes and Reflections from a Small Vermont Dairy. 
 
Diane will be joined by Chef Barbara for an evening that explores real buttermilk (think golden bits of butter suspended in creamy, tangy goodness), life on a Vermont dairy farm, and the beautiful, seasonal cooking that spotlights this incredible ingredient. 
 
The four course menu will include one course prepared by Chef Barbara that incorporates Diane's famous butter and is inspired by her time spent visiting the Animal Farm, as well as three of Diane's favorite recipes from the book including  Buttermilk Lasagna and Raspberry Buttermilk Tart.
 
Wednesday, June 5
7:00pm
$150 per person- excludes tax and gratuity
Includes four-course menu with wine pairings and signed copy of the book

Make sure to visit her website: 
https://www.facebook.com/AnimalFarmDairy, Hey there folks we are closed till 2pm for a lunch buyout but have  no fear we will re-open at 2:30pm for regular service then!!! Hope to see you soon..., Hi, friends!  The Butcher Shop will be closed today at 4p.m. for a private event.  The butcher will reopen tomorrow at noon and lunch service will resume at 2p.m.  We apologize for any inconvenience and look forward to seeing you soon!, We're kind of obsessed with these first of the season beauties. Come unwind and talk pink wine with us!, Check us out! Chef's smoked duck breast with romesco, summer squash and fava beans is so mouth-wateringly delicious! Pass the rose!, We will be closing at 4pm today for a private event but will return to our normal hours tomorrow, May 8th.  "Tartare for now", Be sure to stop by The Butcher Shop tonight to wish Deirdre adieu!! Tonight is her last night with us before she heads off to No. 9!, The ladies hard at work on the last minute prep for Tomorrow's Oyster Invitational! The office looks messy now, but the event is going to be awesome!, Hi Butcher Shop fans, we will be closed 5/5/13 all day to help our sister restaurant B&G out with the 5th Annual Oyster Invitational! We will reopen Monday 5/6 at 12pm for regular service!, Do you have a sweet tooth? Well we sure do with our new dessert, which is a delicious Marjolaine Cake with hazelnut, vanilla, chocolate ganache, need we say more?!!, What's that you say? Our new beet salad looks amazing? Why thank you, it tastes amazing too! New signature menu items on at TBS!, Do you have your tickets to the 5th Annual Oyster Invitational?? If not what are you waiting for...

https://www.facebook.com/events/145035469011001/, Spring has finally sprung at The Butcher Shop!!! Come in and try our new Warm Asparagus dish with Ricotta Gnudi, Poached Hens Egg, and Anchovy-Lemon Butter!!, Our celebration of Chef Calvin's last night got really sweet yesterday! Chef Dave made a candy bar terrine in honor of our lovely butcher. Goodbye Calvin we will miss you!!!, Look how badly the TBS staff wants you to host your private event with us! We're gearing up for graduation season events and are looking forward to hosting you! For event inquiries please email info@thebutchershopboston.com, Make sure you come in today and say goodbye to Calvin our butcher!! Today is his last day with us, he is off to start a new adventure and we wish him the best of luck..., A peak inside our Service Manager Andrea Jones' life! Walking her dog and her squirrel (it's really a dog) on a gorgeous day., Hello to all our friends! We hope everyone is doing well this week. We will be closed for a private event this evening from 4PM through dinner service. We will re-open for normal lunch service tomorrow at noon. Thank you for your understanding!, Thank you to the Boston Police Department, FBI and all those involved in protecting our city yesterday & everyday. There are no words for the pride we feel towards these selfless men & women and the city of Boston. While the events of this week still feel surreal, we are happy to get back to our regular scheduling and to be able to continue moving forward. We look forward to serving you today at lunch or dinner and thank you all for letting us be part of this amazing community! -Deirdre Auld, General Manager, Good afternoon. I am hoping everyone in Boston/Cambridge/Watertown and beyond is holding up and still safe. Out of concern for the safety of both our staff members and guests The Butcher Shop will not be opening for dinner service this evening. We are so thankful to the Police force for all their efforts and will be keeping them in our prayers. We will be thinking of you and your families. -Deirdre Auld, General Manager, Boston friends and neighbors we hope you are all safe and staying inside. Out of safety for all TBS is closed until further notification. We are thinking of you and your families and wishing you safety and peace of mind. -Deirdre Auld, General Manager, Boston is on our mind and we hope you and your families are safe as Boston recovers from this tragedy., Family being cooked by by Chef Michele aka our TBS Pit Master! #YUM, The kitchen smells like a regular campfire! Sunday family meal..., While we're still recovering from the first annual Harvest Fest we're so excited to announce our participation in B&G's 5th annual Oyster Invitational on May 6th, 2013! Check out B&G's website and Facebook for more details., It's all Greek to me, but this wine is amazing! Thymiopoulos Naoussa Young Vines..., Brendan, Matt & Haley are ready to serve up a storm tonight! They are just waiting for you, The most EPIC family meal EVER to be had at TBS! Thanks to Chef Dave and Chef Graeme for making a feast for the staff... pulled pork sandwiches, plantains, fries, rice, potato salad, cole slaw, bacon salad and a banana pudding trifle!, Come in tonight and try our delicious Cote de Boeuf, Prime Rib-eye with bone marrow, red wine sauce, and to make sure you get your vegetables a mixed greens salad...need I say more!!, New Cheese board today at TBS including this gorgeous cheese, cabbage wrapped Robiola! Spring has sprung!, We have 6 tickets still available for tonight's dinner event with Top Chef winner Kristen Kish! Tickets are $225 including food & wine and not including tax & gratuity. The dinner will feature a meet & greet with Chef Kristen Kish along with passed hors d'oeuvres. Then you will be seated for a 4 course meal of Kristen's dishes featured on the show. We can offer the tickets via phone at 617-423-4800 on a first come first serve basis., The day is finally here our Top Chef Private dinner!

We will be closed at 4pm today for this amazing event!!, Hey butcher shop friends tomorrow we will be closing early for our Top Chef Private Dinner with season 10 winner Kristen Kish!!!, This beautiful southern Italian wine is our red special tonight. Has great aromatics with dark berry flavors..., Chef Barbara for the win! Congratulations on becoming one of the James Beard Who's Who of Food & Beverage in America:

http://www.jamesbeard.org/blog/awards-watch-2013-whos-who-food-beverage-america, T-minus 8 minutes until reservations open for Gruppo Tour with Top Chef Kristen Kish! Call us to make reservations for Monday, March 25. More details on http://barbaralynch.com/!, What on our menu tonight?? Delicious fried rabbit livers with arugula and pickled carrots!!! Don't let the rain stop you from coming in..., The only time during the year we take reservations for all size parties!!! Hurry and book now before they are all gone and restaurant week is over!!!, Andrea and Josh serving up Chef Barbara's famous spicy tomato soup at Taste of the South End!, Our Butchers Matt & Calvin are hard at working making one of our favorite pates, Pate de Campagne! Pork based and wrapped in back, this guy is available all day everyday on our menu!, Congratulations to our fellow South Ender Kristen Kish on winning Top Chef!!, Ever had Mediterranean wine from Lebanon ? Well we have popped open a bottle of 09 Massaya Silver Selection from the Bekaa Valley, Come in tonight and try our 04 Piazzo Barbaresco Riserva Vigna Giaia, lush Nebbiolo from Piedmont Italy. Would pair oh so well with our Misty Knolls Chicken Breast..., We're featured on new website Boston Fitness Magazine! Check it out and send a "like" their way: http://bostonfitnessmagazine.com/the-butcher-shop/, Come in for your pre Oscar steak and warm chocolate cake before the big event!!!, Check out our own Chef de Cuisine Michele Carter in the Phoenix article about Boston's new culinary muscle. Congrats Chef! We're so proud of you!

http://thephoenix.com/Boston/food/151912-fresh-blood-meet-bostons-new-culinary-muscle/?page=2#TOPCONTENT, Are you tired from a long weekend and dont feel like cooking? Then come in for our Veal Osso Bucco and let us do the cooking for you..., Don't tell B&G Oysters but their lobsters ran away and snuck inside our Prime Tenderloin. Wrapped in bacon, this tasty treat is a rarity for TBS in all its usual meat glory., Hello Friends.. We are closed tonight for a Private event but will resume normal business hours tomorrow February 12, 2013. Thank you for the understanding, After you are done digging out of the snow come in for a big glass of red wine and the TBS Burger for lunch, because we are back to business as usual!!, Thanks for your patience TBS friends! Tonight TBS will open for limited hours and menu at 5:30PM. We will resume normal hours and menu tomorrow, Sunday, February 10th 2013. Thank you for your understanding and we hope you are all safe and warn!, Thanks for your patience TBS friends! Tonight TBS will open for limited hours and menu at 5:30PM. We will resume normal hours and menu tomorrow, Sunday, February 10th 2013. Thank you for your understanding and we hope you are all safe and warn!, null, Hope everyone is staying safe and warm. We are still closed for lunch but stay tuned for updates on dinner., The Butcher Shop will be closed for dinner service today, Friday, February 8th, 2013 but will be open for lunch service from 12-2:30PM. We anticipate re-opening for normal business hours Saturday February 9th, 2013. We appreciate your understanding and apologize for any inconvenience., Greetings TBS Fans we will be open today till 2:30pm for lunch and then will be closed for dinner. We will hopefully be open tomorrow, February 9th for regular service, keep your fingers crossed!!!, Due to impending Blizzard weather, The Butcher Shop will be closed for dinner service tomorrow Friday, February 8th, 2013 but will be open for lunch service from 12-2:30PM. We anticipate re-opening for normal business hours Saturday February 9th, 2013. We appreciate your understanding and apologize for any inconvenience., Two more days until the first annual Blizzard Bash benefiting The Barbara Lynch Foundation. Be sure to purchase your tickets via Eventbrite.com where you can utilize the code TBSHeatherB for a 10% discount to the bash or the Gala dinner at Menton., Have you missed our our Dry Aged Burger from Burgers & Beers this summer or do you just have a craving for some Buffalo Chicken Roulade? If so come in tonight for our Super Bowl Special Menu and you can also watch the game with us because we will be projecting it live!!!, Where are you watching the Superbowl?? This year TBS will be projecting the game so you can enjoy tasty treats while you cheer on your favorite team. We're sad the Pats aren't in it this year but we'll still be showing the game even without our NE representation. Sunday February 3rd, 2013- 6:15ish, Chef is cooking up a delicious new specials menu featuring a Colorado Lamb Rack with mushroom ragu, confit garlic & ricotta fagottini. Perfect for this chilly winter weather!, Wondering how to shake off these cold weather blues? At The Butcher Shop of course! A glass of red wine and some hearty steak should do just the trick :), New Menu Items! Chef has unveiled some new signature items to the TBS menu. The staff favorite is the Gouda Cappellacci, a house made pasta with cauliflower filling, romanesco, and shaved black truffle on top., Blizzard Bash ticket sales still going strong! Have you gotten yours yet?? http://blizzardbash2013.eventbrite.com/, Come today and try our luscious new Jimenez Landi Mentrida Sotorrondero. It's a warming Syrah from SW Madrid...., TBS is now accepting reservations for parties of all size for Valentines day on Thursday February 14th and Friday February 15th. We'll be offering a special Pre-fixe menu with wine pairing option as well as luxury items and steaks. Call 617-423-4800 to make your reservation before they are gone!, Just a reminder that today we will be closing at 4pm for a private event. The butcher will also be closing then!

See you all on Sunday!!!, Hi Butcher Shop Fans, just wanted to let everyone know we will be closing tomorrow, Saturday the 12th, at 4pm for a private event. The butcher will also be closing at that time as well. We will have regular hours on Sunday. See you all then!!, Cassoulet is back! Delicious house made garlic and herb sausage over white beans with confit duck. Oh yes it's winter! Enjoy with our new red wine by the glass 2010 Coume del Mas Collioure "Schistes" from the Cotes de Roussillon., When we heard that Chris Cosentino was coming to Blizzard Bash, we thought of one thing: OFFAL. Buy your tickets for this unprecedented, and likely meaty, event today. Only one more week for advanced ticket sales! http://blizzardbash2013.eventbrite.com/, Dear Butcher Shop Fans, we will be closed today, Monday January 7th but have no fear we will reopen Tuesday the 8th at 12pm for regular service., Sunday, January 6th we will be closing early at 4pm so we can all get dressed up and ready for our holiday party. We will also be closed, Monday, January 7th and will reopen, Tuesday the 8th at 12pm for regular service. See you all then!!, Happy 2013, hope everyone had a safe and wonderful New Year's Eve! We will be closed today to ring in the New Year with our friends and family. We look forward to celebrating 2013 with you all on Wednesday January 2nd when we open for regular service at 12pm., We're accepting reservations for parties of all size for New Years Eve. We'll have some luxury items such as special steaks, raw shucked oysters and foie gras at dinner! Make your reservation now as we're filling up quickly!, So we are still eating and being merry but will be back open on December 27th to be merry with you all! Have a beautiful holiday..., Happy Holidays! We will be closed today to be with our loved ones and families. We will see you all on December 27th..., Happy Holidays, we will be closed today in honor of the  holiday. We will reopen on December 27th at 12pm for regular service. Hope this holiday season brings you much love and joy!, Happy Holidays everyone just a reminder that we will only be open for lunch tomorrow and for butcher pick up. We will be closed at 4pm for Christmas Eve!, Our butcher is taking holiday retail orders until Thursday Dec 20th. Hurry and order now before it's too late!, Hi butcher fans just to let you know the butcher will be closing at 6pm and will reopen tomorrow at 11am!, We're now accepting reservations for New Years Eve for parties of all size. Join us for a fabulous menu that evening including raw oysters!, Today is the day! Karen and Andrew, award winning authors of The Flavor Bible and What to Eat with What You Drink, are coming to TBS at 5:15PM until 6:45PM to sign your book. You can purchase copies at TBS or bring your own to be signed. Hope to see you there! http://www.facebook.com/events/137991956353026/, The Butcher Shop will be closed tonight 12/10/12 for a private event and will re-open tomorrow for normal business hours. Our butcher will be open until 5PM tonight. We apologize for any inconvenience and thank you for your understanding., Don't forget you can you do your holiday shopping at The Butcher Shop.

Come by tomorrow and purchase your very own copy of The Flavor BIble and best of all get it signed by the authors Karen Page & Andrew Dornenberg from 5:15-6:45pm!!!

Then stay for dinner..., TGIF!! Being that it's cold, dark and rainy outside right now you should probably start your weekend with a glass of red wine and our delicious Pekin Duck Assiette special. Pekin duck breast and crispy confit duck leg over house-made waffles with sunny side up egg., And we're back and ready for action! Stop on in for dinner tonight, it's being served until 11PM! We even have our old friend Les Obriers from the Languedoc back for one more night of drinking... YUM!, The Butcher Shop will be closed tonight 12/6/12 from 3:30PM until 8:30PM for a private event and will re-open dinner service tonight at 8:30PM. Our butcher will be open until 5PM tonight. We apologize for any inconvenience and thank you for your understanding., Have you missed the '08 Les Obriers de la Peira ? Then come in tonight because its our red special of the day!, null, null, The Butcher Shop will be closed tonight 12/3/12 for a private event and will re-open tomorrow for normal business hours. Our butcher will be open until 5PM tonight. We apologize for any inconvenience and thank you for your understanding., Are your legs tired from all that holiday shopping? Then come in for a delicious glass of No. 9 Refrosco and some house made pâté de campagne ., Have you ever been inside of a snow globe? No? Well dining at TBS on a snowy day feels like being inside of a snow globe. Join us for a winter inspired lunch today, Holiday Retail is Here!, Check out the lovely article written about our very own Steve Gilarde. Much thanks to Patrick Maguire for his kind words and nice shout out!
http://boston.eater.com/archives/2012/11/26/patrick-maguire-on-the-butcher-shops-steven-gilarde.php#more, You look like you've built quite an appetite from all that shopping you did yesterday. Well good thing we have have plenty of food for you. Tonight's menu features Seared Foie Gras, a Pekin Duck Duet, CO Lamb Loin, Pork Loin Chop from Burnshirt Valley Farms and plenty of steaks to fill your cravings., Tired of turkey or just need to recharge after all that Black Friday shopping?

Stop in to The Butcher Shop for some delicious charcuterie and cheese! And dont forget the Prosecco too..., Happy Turkey Day everyone, in honor of Thanksgiving we will be closed today to be able to celebrate and give thanks with our friends and family. We will reopen on Friday for regular service!, Greetings TBS friends we will be closed Thanksgiving Day to be able to celebrate this glorious day and will reopen for regular service on Friday!

Have a beautiful Thanksgiving!, Harvard vs Yale... It's always Crimson at The Butcher Shop because we keep the red wine flowing!, We have 7 turkeys left to sell for Thanksgiving retail as well as all the sides and fixings! Today is the last day so make sure  you call in to order with the butcher before it's too late. Call for the butcher at 617-423-4800., Tomorrow is the last day to order your turkey for your Thanksgiving Feast, so don't delay before they are all gone!, On the menu tonight is a boneless roasted lamb shoulder with rosemary, confit tomatoes and cauliflower puree. Classic, hearty and delicious on this chilly evening. We recommend pairing it with our carignan and cinsault blend called Les Obriers, Mom says to eat your vegetables so come in and eat our Brussels Sprouts!, 12 days and counting till Thanksgiving is here. Make sure you get your turkey order in soon., Check out Chef Barbara Lynch's just published article on how Home Economics influenced her career and her thoughts on the keeping the program in schools.
http://t.co/cpWm7cgW, What are you doing today? You could be hanging out with our own Steve Gilarde all day at TBS today. He'll recommend some wine and keep you entertained., We are honored to announce we made Boston Magazine's 50 Best Restaurants in Boston. Check out the article below http://www.bostonmagazine.com/articles/2012/10/50-best-restaurants-2012/2/, Time to give Thanks!, Make sure you keep your voting spirit alive by voting for Chef BL as Boston's hottest chef!!!

http://boston.eater.com/archives/2012/11/05/time-to-vote-choose-bostons-hottest-chef-of-the-year.php, Can you believe Thanksgiving is three weeks away! Make sure you order your Turkey soon! 

http://www.facebook.com/events/419847098070849/, Come in and have a treat before the ghosts and ghouls show you their scary tricks.

Have a safe and Happy Halloween..., Have no fear because we will open for regular service. See you all tomorrow, Tuesday October 30th., Due to Hurricane Sandy on her way up the coast, The Butcher Shop will be closed tomorrow.  So everyone stay safe and dry.

We plan to reopen Tuesday for normal business hours but will keep you posted., Got a pig in yesterday from our friends at Burn Shirt Vally Farm.. Check out their website it's awesome! www.burnshirtvalleyfarm.com, The Butcher Shop is closed for a Lunch buy out today 10.26.12. We will re-open both the restaurant and butcher at 4PM today, Make your Thanksgiving even tastier this year! Order Turkey Day items from us beginning November 1st! We have great options like Misty Knolls brined turkey, apple sage stuffing, broccoli with comté bechamel, pumpkin cheesecake, and more!

http://www.facebook.com/events/419847098070849/, null, If you were a sausage what kind of sausage would you be? Bockwurst? Merguez? Spicy Italian? Proscuitto? Weisswurst? Boudin Blanc? Andouille? Chorizo? Cheddarwurst?, Just to let everyone know the butcher will be closing early tomorrow at 5pm. So if you need any steaks or salamis please come in before then., Congrats Cat! Thanks for being a good sport Garret!, And the winner is... Team Wine!! Go Cat, Kate and melodie, Last pairing friends.. Stilton Blue cheese with Brooklyn Black Ops or Kracher Mini.. I think you can see what we would choose but let's wait for the voters decision., And round 4 is a Tie!!, Wow they are pulling out the competition.. Let's vote!, Round 3 is Twig Farm Washed Rind with either Trimbach Gewürztraminer or Brooklyn Wild 1... Funky cheese with crisp and fruity or belgian style citrus?, Cat wins round 3! Dei Rosso di Montelpuciano, Round 3 is Pecorino Pienza Gran Reserva paired with Brooklyn Cuvée Elijah or Dei Rosso di Montelpuciano? And the winner is...., Round two .. Alpine style Comte le fort with domaine de la Tournelle Savagnin le voile or Brooklyn Monster Brown ale? And the winner is.... Vino!!! Go Cat!, Fresh goats milk cheese with Txakokina or dry lambic? Well the audience says lambic.. But we know Cat will get them on the next one.. 4 more to go!, Watching Cat Siliree battle Brooklyn Brewery's Garret over a wine & cheese vs beer & cheese at formaggio Cambridge.. 1st course voting is soon!, It's almost that time of year... With the holidays right around the corner remember The Butcher Shop for your company or personal holiday party! Charcuterie, Sausage, red wine and more! Email dauld@thebutchershopboston.com for more details or to reserve your party now!, Come in and try our delicious amber-hued vin santo dessert wines produced in the hills of Tuscany's famous Chianti wine zone., The case is stocked with delicious fall items! Come by to talk to your local butcher about what you can cook tonight, Its that time of the year...weather is getting colder and leaves are starting to change, so come in and celebrate with a glass or even better a bottle!, Have no fear we are not suffering from a bacon shortage!!!, Harvest Fest sausage making demo in progress, Good morning.....today is the day Harvest Fest 2012...we still have tickets available at the door..festivities start at 12pm with our VIP reception...and then at 1pm for the party.

We will be closed for service as well as butcher retail, but will reopen Monday at 12pm!!!, The ponchos just arrived for the pie eating contest at the harvest fest tomorrow! Haley and I just wanted to make sure they work.. 7 tickets left, Haley is working hard getting ready for The Harvest Festival this Sunday! Only 7 tickets left, We only have 7 VIP tickets left...sold out of regular!!! So if you want to be part of the best party in the South End you better call soon!!!

617.423.4800
VIP tickets are $133.75/pp

See you there..., only a few more days left before Harvest Fest, and we only have a few tickets left! get them while you still can!, Hurry and get your Harvest Fest Tickets...we still have a few left!!! The big day is Sunday, September 23rd from 12pm-6pm....

VIP tickets include a Welcome Reception from 12pm-1pm-$125/pp

Regular-$85/pp, Good morning TBS friends! Just a heads up that we are closed for a private event this morning. The restaurant and butcher will re-open for dinner at 5PM today. Sorry for any inconvenience., Come in and try this delicious Corsican red....light to medium bodied with beautiful notes of black cherries!!!, Come in today and try our new 2011 Loimer Cuvée Cat Gruner Veltliner...dry with beautiful acidity and yummy melon tones!!, null, Fall's here! Celebrate with us at TBS, null, In honor of Labor Day we will be closed Monday September 3rd and will reopen for lunch on Tuesday!, Are you cooking out this weekend?? Don't forget to come in and see our butcher...or better yet let us do the cooking for you!!!, What are you having for dinner? We have Taleggio Stuffed Chicken wrapped with Prosciutto from our very own Chef Barbara's Stir cookbook on the menu tonight!!, We still have our signature menu during restaurant week as well as our delicious steaks and don't forget about the hot dog!!!, Come in and celebrate restaurant week with a delicious glass of Château de Mercues Malbec from Cahors., Come and celebrate Julia Child's legacy and her 100th birthday with us at TBS, null, Make sure you come in soon to get your summer Burgers and Beer fix, since it will be ending soon!!!, Come in today and try our new Panzanella Salad made with Heirloom Tomatoes and delicious Boquerones!, CSA Demo Video with our Butcher Calvin, The heat and humidity has kicked back in again, what better way to cool of then with our new Chilled Cucumber Soup with Greek Yogurt and Basil, null, null, CSA Burn Shirt Farm Butcher Demo, Like Pork Chops, Baby Back Ribs?? Come in today at 1pm to see our Butcher Calvin demo our CSA and learn where your pork comes from!!, This Week's Summer of Sausage is HOT ITALIAN!! For all you good looking Italians out there (or fans of good looking Italians) come into TBS tonight to eat some Hot Italian Sausage!, You like meat? We like meat! You like wine? We like wine! You like A/C? We have A/C! Look we already have so much in common, you might as well come in and eat with us now!, Summer is now the perfect time to get your Lambrusco fix...come in and try some yummy effervescent Lini 910 Rosso that pairs deliciously with our Mortadella!!


http://www.nytimes.com/2012/08/01/dining/reviews/lambrusco-a-perfect-warm-weather-wine-wants-you-back.html?_r=1&ref=dining, Don't forget to get your summer fix of burgers & beer tonight before summer is gone!, Luxury in a bottle? Come in and try this delicious Tempranillo blend...beautiful hits of dried strawberries and warm fig! Soft tannins and medium bodied..perfect with our PT Farm NY Strip!, Pig roast? Pork belly slaw? We're there.

http://www.facebook.com/events/266364646805964/, Start your weekend off right, with a delicious glass of rose and one of our house-made pates!, CSA is back featuring a pig from Burnshirt Valley farms. We have half shares for $135 and whole shares available for $270. We'll be featuring a demo on Sunday August 5th at 1PM and then have 3 weeks of pick ups to follow. Each week you will get a variety of items made from the pig we're featuring! Call and talk to the butcher for more details today!, Does that patio you're sitting on have A/C? Oh no? Well TBS does :), Say it with me now CHEDDARWURST! Mmmm all that cheesy goodness in a sausage. It's this weeks Summer of Sausage offering. YUM!, TBS Friends & Family: The Butcher Shop will be closed Tuesday July 3rd and Wednesday July 4th in observance of Independence day. We will re-open for our normal business hours Thursday July 5th. Enjoy the holiday with your friends and family!!, Hello TBS friends I'm sorry to report but TBS is closed for some maintenance today during part of lunch. We will be open for our regular dinner hours and will update here again if we open for any of lunch. Thank you for your understanding., We have officially deemed this the Summer of Sausage! Each week we will be featuring a different house made sausage inspired by the season during dinner. This week's Sausage: GARLIC & HERB

*photo was taken by our own Brendan Mercure Check out his page http://www.facebook.com/bmercurephoto, null, Our favorite part of summer is back! TBS is featuring Burgers & Beers Monday and Tuesday night through out the summer. Starting at 4:30PM each Monday/Tuesday join us for 3 delicious burger options and a tasty list of special brews. It's going to be EPIC!, Why does the weather say sunny and warm when it's cloudy and chilly? I guess it's the universes way of enticing you into TBS! Red wine, house made sausage, and us... what could be better?, House made waffles are back for brunch today with caramelized bananas and bacon! Plus our tasting TBS Ham Tartine with fried egg and device de bourgogne cheese! YUM! Serving them up today until 3:30pm, Join us today for a butcher demonstration at 1pm on a Berkshire pig we just got in. It's free and the perfect way to get out of the heat for a few minutes! See you then, Check out a few shots of our Butcher Assistant, Calvin, as he demonstrates the break down of a Tamworth pig! , Chef is whipping up a mean brunch today including a TBS Ham Tartine with Comte cheese and a fried egg. They're also cooking up House-made Waffles with caramelized bananas, rum butter, whipped cream and bacon! Add a mimosa and you've got one tasty meal. We'll be serving our brunch specials until 3:30pm today., Mmmmm Meat, It's a perfect day for Rose! Grab a glass and a bite at TBS to make a perfect afternoon for yourself, Listen up all you fans of our TBS Burger! This summer we are competing in the Boston Magazine Burger Battle! If you think our burger is the best vote for us any time at http://www.bostonmagazine.com/burger-battle/index.html 
You can vote now through July 7th. If you haven't tried our burger yet, what are you waiting for??, Tomorrow we are helping B&G Oysters Celebrate their Oyster Invitational with a surf and Turf Smack Down class. Due to the classes we will not be able to be open for retail. The restaurant will remain open for normal business hours but the Butcher will be closed. Sorry for any inconvenience this may cause. There are two spots left in the Surf and Turf Smack Down class... Call TBS to reserve your spot., Feels like TBS weather outside. We know you've been having charcuterie dreams lately, so why not make them a reality?, New Special menu starts tonight! Chef is cooking up some delicious dishes including yummy Spring Lamb! Come in and have a bite now!, Don't forget our free butcher Demonstration today at 1PM with a burn shirt valley farms pig! See you there!, Butcher Demonstration Tomorrow!! Check out our Butcher's Assistant Calvin do his first demo as he breaks down a Pig from our new farm friends at Burn Shirt Valley Farm! Even Farmer Floyd Kelly will be joining us... 1PM 4/22/12 at TBS... it's Free!, CSA is back and featuring a new farm! This month we are working with Burn Shirt Valley Farm from Barre, MA for our April Pig CSA. We'll be featuring a butcher demonstration by our own Calvin Hayes on Sunday, April 22nd at 1PM. Whole shares are $280 and half shares are $140 with 3 weeks of pick-ups. Call in today to reserve  your share 617-423-4800. And check our Burn Shirt Valley Farms website http://www.burnshirtvalleyfarm.com/, It's here it's here! Our favorite wine education of the year... Rose Day! Check out our front of house team at The Butcher Shop celebrating Rose Day 2012! And view the rest of our team rose day photos in our Rose Day album. We've tasted all the new pink wines, now it's your turn. Come in and have a glass... or two...or a bottle! We won't tell the boss you played hooky., It's the perfect day for a glass of Rose!! Come enjoy the first taste of pink this season. We have Chateau D'Or et de Gueules Les Cimels Rose! À votre santé!, null, Calling all meat lovers! We have just 5 full shares of our amazing grass fed beef CSA left. Join us tomorrow to see our butcher tackle a whole cow and sign up for your share of sausage, burgers, corned beef, and STEAK!, March CSA: just 5 shares of grass fed beef left!, Bon Appétit Magazine has a roundup of amazing egg dishes from four top chefs - Jose Andres, Thomas Keller, Jean-Georges Vongerichten and our fearless leader Barbara Lynch, whose carbonara recipe is perfect for dinner tonight! Yum., Tired of talking about seafood all day? Half way through the Seafood Convention and you look like you need some meat. We have plenty of that! MMM Tenderloin, Colorado Lamb Loin and Pork Schnitzel, all on the menu tonight!, Come have a glass of vino at one of America's Best Wine Bars per Travel + Leisure! Such an honor! , The Butcher Shop will be closed for Lunch and Retail on Monday March 12th due to a Private Event. The Butcher will re-open at 2:00PM and the restaurant will re-open at 4:30PM for dinner. We are sorry for any inconvenience this may cause and look forward to serving you tomorrow night!, New CSA! This month's CSA will feature grass fed beef from Double J Farms in West Brookfield MA. We have a limited quantity of whole and half shares so sign up soon. Whole shares are $270 and half shares are $135. Then join us for a butcher demonstration on March 17th at 1PM followed by the first week of product pick up on March 22-24th., Congratulations to our Barbara Lynch Gruppo family at Menton, Boston's first and only Relais & Châteaux property! We would like to share a note from Chef Barbara regarding this exciting announcement., New menu item!! "French Onion" Tartine with bone marrow, comte, and crostini..... Delicious!, We are so thrilled to see our Gruppo family members on the list of semi-finalists for the James Beard Awards! Congratulations to Gruppo wine director Cat Silirie and No. 9 Park ("Outstanding Wine Program") and Drink ("Outstanding Bar Program)., It's a long weekend! Come eat some Boudin Blanc Cassoulet for brunch with us... Yum!, See The Butcher Shop in all it's glory today! With the snow falling lightly and Belle & Sebastian Pandora playing in the background the atmosphere can't get much better. It's red wine winter time!, No. 9 Park's very talented Jaime Davis is in the running for Food & Wine's "People's Best New Pastry Chef." If you're a fan, please join the Barbara Lynch Gruppo family in supporter Jaime with a vote! It only takes a second, and you don't have to register. Thank you so much!, Chef Michele has released the new special items tonight including Colorado Lamb Rack, Berkshire Pork Loin and Misty Knolls Chicken Roulade. On top of the new specials we have new signature menu items like Cauliflower Soup and Baby Spinach Salad. Join us tonight to try our new bites!, Are you ready for some Football? Let TBS get you ready for Sunday's big game with some Tailgate inspired retail selections. All of these items will be available Sunday February 5th starting at 11 AM:

Carolina Style BBQ Pork 
Rubbed and slow cooked pork shoulder shredded into a Carolina BBQ sauce

Cheddar Bratwurst 
Our traditional beef bratwurst sausage with the addition of cheddar cheese

Chili con Carne 
3 bean beef chili cooked with beer and jalapenos

Buffalo Chicken Galantine 
Superbowl charcuterie!  Frank's red hot sauce, Great Hill blue cheese, and celery

Spiced Beer Nuts
Toasted cashews and marcona almonds tossed in a spicy olive oil., Chef Michele is rolling out the new specials menu at TBS tonight... be sure to stop by and try the new special menu items! Bon Appetit!, Bone marrow and comte and crostini Oh My! All features on our special "French Onion" Tartine first course item on this week's menu!, TBS is now accepting Valentines Day reservations for parties of all size! We'll be featuring a special tasting menu option and some Love Potion drinks. Call now to reserve your seat and fall in love all over again!, Here's to hoping this is the most snow we'll get all year! Watch it fall as from inside TBS tonight... we look like a regular snow globe., If it's below 32degrees the only place you should be is The Butcher Shop. We're serving dinner until 10pm tonight and there is plenty of red wine available to keep you toasty., Chef Barbara in The New York Times! , We made Eater Boston's first ever Eater 38, their monthly list of the best restaurants in town and so did our fine dining friends at Menton! It's a great group... here's hoping we make the grade in February!, It's chilly outside and we're toasty warm in here. TBS is your perfect dinner destination during these ice cold days. Can you taste the tagliatelle bolognese? It's calling your name...., It's Almost time to ring in the New Year! Make us your place before the place tonight with a delicious meal and special bottle of wine. Today we have our brunch until 4PM and then we will serve Charcuterie and Cheese only until 5PM. Dinner starts at 5PM and goes until 10PM. Dine with us before you head to your midnight fete!, Today is your last chance to order Holiday retail items from The Butcher Shop to guarantee arrival before Christmas. The butcher is open today until 8PM so call in and place your order before  you miss out! HoHoHo!, Hey Holiday Shoppers! Tomorrow 12/20/11 is the last day to place your Holiday food orders with our Butcher. The Butcher is in between 11AM and 8PM so make sure you call to order your Holiday fare! Hurry before it's too late!, TBS Holiday Retail Food Offerings and Gift Baskets, Chef Michele's new specials for the week are now available to be reviewed on our website www.thebutchershopboston.com  Join us tonight and start with this weeks Seared Foie Gras with banana bread, praline walnuts, and rum butter. Pair it with a glass of Selbach Oster Riesling and you'll be feeling fine!, As the temperature drops our love for red wine rises. Check us out tonight for a warm and hearty meal with a glass or two (or three) of red wine! We also have a few CSA shares left for this months Brown Boar Farms Pig CSA. The first pick up is this Thursday-Sunday. Call TBS and ask for our butcher for more details!, The Butcher Shop will be closing at 4PM today. Our last seating will be at 3:45PM due to an employee Holiday Party. We will resume normal business hours tomorrow, Monday December 12th. Sorry for any inconvenience and thanks for your understanding!, Santa's coming... Forget the Cookies, Santa wants SALUMI!!, December CSA: Tamworth Pork from Vermont, B&G Oysters begins their awesome Explorer Series tomorrow with a Chef's Table lunch! , Our new specials for the week have rolled out and we're excited to share them with you. Check out our website www.thebutchershopboston.com to see the dinner specials for the week. , Started your Holiday shopping yet? Take a break and rest your feet at The Butcher Shop between your spending sprees. We serve lunch daily from 11AM until 3:30PM featuring our new sandwiches Pastrami on Pumpernickel and Roast beef on Sourdough!, The Butcher Shop is closed today to celebrate Thanksgiving with our friends and families. We will resume normal business hours Friday and we look forward to hearing about your Thanksgiving then!, Just like elves in Santa's workshop our kitchen team in hard at work putting your thanksgiving orders together. And you'll feel like a kid on Christmas morning when you get all the delicious items!, We have posted our specials for this week on our website... first braised lamb shank of the fall season!, TBS will be closed this Saturday AM 11/19/11 for a private event. TBS will re-open for dinner from 4:30PM until 11PM for food and 12AM for wine. Sorry for any inconvenience and we hope you'll join us for dinner Saturday evening!, Gobble Gobble it's almost Turkey time! Only seven more days to order your Misty Knolls farm Turkey to cook for your family and friends this Thanksgiving! Accepting orders through November 18th., We have Wild Boar shoulder in the retail case today, come in and ask to speak with the Butcher!, We are now taking orders for Thanksgiving turkeys and sides! Place your order with the Butcher by November 18th to be guaranteed availability for Thanksgiving. Check out our website at www.thebutchershopboston.com to see more info on some of the sides we'll be whipping up!, Chef Michele's specials are posted for this week on our website! Check it out - Partridge with bacon, pistachios, cranberries and wild rice... Fall is here!
http://www.thebutchershopboston.com/, New to the cheese board this week!

Cevrin al Pepe
Robiola Spazzocamino
Pecorino Paglierino
il Panarello
Cappucetto Rosso, If you love the Poulet en Pain...check out Chef BL on the Today show demonstrating how to make it!
http://today.msnbc.msn.com/id/34043133/ns/today-food/t/barbara-lynchs-breaded-rosemary-chicken/, Check out this great article in NY Times!, Thanks giving at The Butcher Shop, Thanksgiving is right around the corner, order your Misty Knolls Turkey, brined in house! We also have all of the trimmings prepared, just heat and serve! Call and ask to speak with the Butcher., Happy Halloween from TBS! We're open tonight for all the ghouls and goblins to enjoy some tasty treats if you're not too spooked!, Join us for our CSA Butcher demonstration today at 1pm. Our Butcher Jonathan and Chef Sam will be showing you how to break down a lamb from Snow Hills Farm. Afterwards join us for a yummy Sunday Brunch-being served until 3:30pm. See you at 1pm!, Happy Birthday to TBS! We are 8 today, thank you Chef BL for such an amazing place!, null, It's cold outside but we're warm inside of TBS. A glass of Qupe Bobcat Syrah while you're waiting for the snow to fall... nothing better!, It's CSA time...join us on Sunday as Jonathan our Butcher demonstrates the break down of a Snow Hill Farms lamb at 1 pm, see you then!, Snowing in October??? No! At least TBS is open and still serving dinner until 11pm and wine until 12am tonight. So join us and watch the snow fall from our beautiful windows., You've got an hour to make it to Fort Point for a Mescal toast honoring The James Beard Foundation's new "Outstanding Bar Program" category! , Craving a delicious sandwich? Why not try one of the new sandwiches on our TBS lunch menu? Pastrami on Pumpernickel or Roast Beef on Rye both are served with house made potato chips! Join us today for lunch and the sandwiches will be available until 3:30pm., Enjoying your three day weekend? It would only be better if you were eating at The Butcher Shop right now. We're open for dinner until 10pm tonight so finish your long weekend the right way!, We had some new menu additions to TBS today, a roasted fall vegetable salad and an apple cobbler. Come in to TBS and enjoy the salad with a glass of Rainoldi Nebbiolo on this warm October day., For our friends who participated in our Berkshire Pork CSA: Don't forget today is the last day to pick up this week's CSA share. The butcher will be in house from 11am to 8pm. Thanks for participating this month we hope you all enjoyed it! Stay tuned for info about our next CSA soon to come., Our friends at Stir will host an apple-filled Book and Bake Sale afternoon this Sunday with Amy Traverso, author of the gorgeous new Apple Lover's Cookbook. Stop by between noon and 2:30 to get your book signed, get all of your pressing apple questions answered by an expert, and watch Amy demo a recipe or two. Plus there will be snacks for sale and 20% off books AND we are just 20 feet away with wine!, Fall is here and Poulet en Pain is back in the retail case, perfect for a chilly night!, Tonight is the last night of our Emilia Romagna inspired special menu! Join us for a palates delight as Chef whips up some Northern Italian inspired dishes. And let your server perfectly pair a bottle of Italian red to complete your experience. Dinner starts at 4:30pm, don't be late...Ciao!, It's a chilly Fall Sunday and this is how you should spend it! Who can resist charcuterie and wine??, Join us at 1pm tomorrow, as our Butcher Jonathan breaks down a whole goat from our friends at Snow Hill Farms!, Come to Stir and meet the author Molly Birnbaum of "Season to Taste, how I lost my sense of smell and found my way" today until 2:30!, The Art of Food & Wine Pairings at Menton's Chef's Table, Rain?? Definitely Butcher Shop weather! Join us for a mid afternoon snack like sliced salumi and charcuterie paired with a glass or Heinrich Red Cat., Thanks to all who came to the CSA demo!, It's almost here! We'll be breaking down a 600lbs pig tomorrow from Brown Boar Farms. Come watch our favorite Butcher Jonathan as he shows off his technique in butchering. Starts at 1pm and we can't wait! See you tomorrow!, This is your chance to be part of something big... 600 pounds big! This Sunday, 9/18 at 1 pm we will be breaking down a big and beautiful Berkshire pig from Vermont's Brown Boar Farm for our September CSA and we have just a few shares left. If you're a fan of pork, this is your chance to enjoy a month of incredible flavor that you won't find at the supermarket. Join us on Sunday and secure your share soon by calling us 617.423.4800 - ask to speak with the butcher.    , BL Gruppo original and TBS family member No. 9 Park will be open on Sundays starting this weekend. Join them on 9.18 as they start things off with a very special one night only à la carte menu of classic dishes including Butcher Shop favorites steak tartare and bolognese in addition to the fabulous regular dinner and chef's tasting menus we all know and love. Reservations can be made by calling 617.742.9991 - order the truffled potato gnocchi for us!, Don't Forget our September CSA is here! This month we are featuring a Berkshire Pig from Brown Boar Farms in Vermont. We still have a few shares available so grab yours before they're gone! This is the perfect kick off for getting back into the Fall. Shares are $140 for a half and $280 for a whole. We'll be getting a 600lbs pig (by far the biggest we've ever done) and you can come watch the break down on Sunday September 18th at 1pm. Call 617-423-4800 to sign up today!, Feel that fall chill coming through? That means it's read wine season and we can't wait! Our doors are open so come on in and have some red wine and some late summer dishes like our Corn Chowder!, We had a fantastic private event last night, thanks to all who came! Chef Jonathan broke down a beautiful Colorado Lamb at the block. We will see you for our next demonstration on Sunday September 18th at 1pm!, Today is the perfect day for dining at The Butcher Shop! Join us today for lunch or dinner and watch the rain from our beautiful windows while enjoying some wine. We're counting down to fall already, are you?, Just a Heads up to all our friends, The Butcher Shop will be closed tomorrow for Labor Day. We'll be celebrating the holiday with our friends and families but TBS will be back in action with normal hours Tuesday September 6th. And we're open today for lunch and dinner so come join us for some Rose before the season is over!, Our CSA is back! September we will be featuring Berkshire Pork from Brown Boar Farms in VT. We will be offering full shares for $280 and half shares for $140, but there are a limited quantity so call now to sign up! Then join us for the first pick up and demonstration on September 18th at 1pm and watch our Butcher Jonathan break down the pig., Such beautiful weather should be celebrated with a delicious Heirloom Tomato Salad at TBS. Starting at 4:30 tonight come in for our tomato salad appetizer special before the season is gone and so are the tomatoes!, Business as usual! We're back after a one day hiatus due to Hurricane Irene. TBS will be opened for normal business hours today. Chef Michele is busy working on some tasty special items tonight so don't miss out!, Irene's coming! Due to the weather, we're battening down the hatches and will not be open tomorrow, Sunday, August 28. We apologize for any inconvenience and can't wait to see you when the sky clears!, Last day of Restaurant Week 2011! Come in today for a 3 course lunch at $20.11 or a 3 course dinner at $33.11. Don't miss your chance...get in quick!, Get ready for Hurricane Irene by stocking up on TBS's retail items! We have hardy house made bolognese and lamb ragu sauces, fresh chilled corn soup and cured meats that will be tasty through the extreme weather. Get in fast before they're swept away!, Happy Thursday! Join us for a Restaurant Week lunch today at TBS. $20.11 gets you three courses! Only two days left, Restaurant week's back on and we're excited to see you! You've only got 6 more days to try the delicious 3 course restaurant week meal! Come out tonight or call to make a reservation for this week., It's Restaurant Week and reservations are filling up fast! Get yours now for any size party for Friday August 19th or Sunday August 21- Friday August 26! Join us tonight for the delicious three course tasting offerings that Chef has made!, Join us for brunch on Sunday, it’s our Restaurant Week kick off! We are taking reservations for parties of all sizes, see you then!, Last Chance Friends! Tonight is our final Burger and Beer night for the summer. Make sure you stop by TBS one more time to eat some delicious burgers paired with awesome craft beers. Featuring our friends at Rapscallion's light and refreshing Premier Blonde Ale! We'll start serving up Burgers at 4:30pm so make sure you are here tonight to eat them., Only 45 minutes away from serving up Burgers and Beers at TBS! be sure to swing by for a bite tonight and tomorrow to wish Burgers and Beer night farewell with us., Happy 4th Birthday to our sister space STIR!! Stop by Stir from 12pm-4pm today to buy some baked goods and celebrate with them!, Our last Burger and Beer "weekend" is kicking off tonight at 4:30pm. Celebrate the summer one more time with us tonight and tomorrow and drink some delicious craft beers and eat some yummy burgers. We have a few Ballast Point Brewery Sculpin IPA's left in house (rated the best IPA in America)! Come and get one tonight before they're gone., Love Pork? So do we! Swing by during lunch today anytime after 11:30am to see Chef Tom breaking down a pig from Brown Boar Farms! Maybe you'll get inspired to do a little summer cooking. See you soon!, Join us tomorrow at 11:30 when our Butcher Chef Jonathan will be breaking down a beautiful 120 lb. Berkshire - Tamworth pig from our friends at Brown Boar Farms., TBS Loves Restaurant Week! With restaurant week fast approaching make sure you reserve your table. TBS is participating in restaurant week for both lunch and dinner. We are now accepting reservations for parties of all sizes from August 14-19 and 21-26. Get your reservation now as they're filling up quickly!, Our last Burgers and Beers event will be this Sunday and Monday, come in for our Dry Aged Burger and a Ballast Point Sculpin IPA. We were lucky enough to get our hands on two cases!, Love Burrata at The Butcher Shop? Make sure you come in tonight to get some as it will soon be leaving the menu. Enjoy the creamy cheese with a nice crisp glass of Godello of the Day-o!!, We are now accepting reservations for lunch and dinner during Restaurant Week, August 14th-19th and August 21st-26th, all size parties are welcome to reserve a table, please call 617.423.4800., Come in a check out our Butcher break down a beautiful Berkshire pig and Dorset lamb from Dutch Hill Farms in NY. The demonstration will start at 11 am on Friday morning, see you then!, Looks like rain tonight...perfect weather for red wine and salumi!, Can't stand the heat? Get out of the sun and into the Butcher Shop to enjoy a delicious and lightly fizzy glass of txakolina!! We even have it in rose! It's a perfect compliment to our fresh heirloom tomato salad that Chef Michele is serving up tonight. We'll see you there!, Come in and check out our rosé of the day: 2010 Domaine de la Petite Cassagne from Costières de Nîmes, full and rich it’s a blend of Grenache, Cinsault, and Syrah - so refreshing on this hot summer day!, Check out our latest farm that we are sourcing beautiful pork from in Vermont, Brown Boar Farms! 
http://www.brownboarfarm.com/, What to do with your CSA!, Plant the Seed at No. 9: dine with our fabulous farmers!, Burgers and Beers, Join us at The Butcher Shop tonight for our first evening of Burgers & Beers! Starting at 4:30pm we'll be featuring 4 special burgers and several special beers, including Rapscallion on draft! Our Burger & Beer specials will take place every Sunday and Monday night through August 8th. Hope to see you there!, Burgers & Beers at The Butcher Shop!!, Just a Few Places Left Tonight for Chef Barbara's Pop Up!, Easter Brunch Sunday 4.24.11, 9 at Twelve - An Impromptu Evening of Dining and Design, Come see Chef Robert at the butcher block tomorrow for a butchery demo tomorrow, Sunday, at noon. He will be breaking down lovely pastured veal from Fort Hill Farm for this month's CSA., An Evening with Jasper Hill Farm, We're sold our of shares of Double J Farm grass-fed beef for this month's CSA, but you can still join us for our butchery demo this Saturday, March 12, at noon with Chef Robert. If you've never seen a pro break down beef, now is your chance!, KO Prime's Burger Battle is just four days away, and Chef Robert is ready for the fight with an awesome burger in his arsenal. Come on out to enjoy some delicious high-calorie competition and support Autism Speaks! , Come warm up with some very tasty Northern Rhone Syrah's from Vins de Vienne, should pair very nicely with tonight's dinner special: Braised Lamb Shank., This front 1/4 of beef was delivered today by Double J Farms. Hanging weight 701 lbs!, Our February CSA arrives this weekend! Join us this Sunday, February 13th at 1 pm for a demonstration and break down of a gorgeous rosé veal calf from The Animal Farm in Orwell, VT with Chef Robert Grant and Al Clarisse. As an additional treat, Al's wife and our very favorite dairy farmer Diane St. Clair is bringing her incredible buttermilk for everyone to taste and she'll even have a few quarts to sell!, null, Our pig needs a name! Brave the storm during lunch and we'll treat you to a salumi plate on us if you put in an entry for it's name. The winner will also receive a $25 gift certificate as well!, Were you lucky enough to get a snow day? Come hang out at TBS and enjoy the boudin blanc with a glass of red!, Last night our Chef Robert along with Chef Barbara met Dario, the legendary butcher from Panzano, and enjoyed an amazing meal (still thinking about the bone marrow...). Dario and Faith Willinger are touring the US to further Dario's mission to promote artisanal butchering-- amen to that! 


http://www.theatlantic.com/food/archive/2011/01/italys-legendary-butcher-comes-to-new-york-and-boston/69428/, What a perfect evening to be at The Butcher Shop! How about some Vermont Pork Belly with soft polenta, cipollini onions, and pork jus? We are also featuring a couple of dry-aged steaks- perfect with our red of the day- 2006 Puech Auroil Coteaux d' Enserune. 
...or if you're felling like staying in tonight, we have plenty of pot pies ready to heat up and enjoy!, Valentine's Day Menu 2011, We are accepting reservations for Valentine's Day weekend. Call us to get your seats. The delectable specials will be served Sat. Sun. & Mon. nights., Garganelli Pasta with Chicken Livers and Sage on the menu tonight!, What better place to be than TBS on a snow day! Come join us for a glass of red wine and some ricotta gnudi with bolognese sauce., On tonight's dinner menu Grass Fed NY Strip from Archer Angus Farm, It's a beautiful snowy day at TBS and we're OPEN! Please join us for a glass of wine and watch the snow fall. Also, if you tell Matt the password "Snowstorm", you'll get a free hot cocoa and chocolate chip cookie on us (before 4pm)!, Stop in for Brunch tomorrow 11-3:30. We are featuring: Boudin Blanc, Pain Perdu, Oeuf en Cocotte with lentils, mushrooms, & truffle, Orecchiette with sauasage, spinach & parmesan and yes you can order a side of bacon to go along with that as well. Hope to see you tomorrow., Quick CSA update: Demo & Pick Up #1 date has changed! All are invited to stop by on SUNDAY, JANUARY 16 @ 1pm to watch a butchering demonstration of the breakdown of a 250 pound Berkshire pig! It's not too late to sign up for a full or half share-- call the butcher (617.423.4800) for more info!, January CSA Program, Our Meat CSA program is BACK and we’re kicking it off with a favorite: 2 beautiful Berkshire pigs from Dutch Hill Farm. Get your pork fix with a full or half share—both include succulent loin chops, housemade sausages, bacon, ham, and more….for more information check out our Notes page or call the butcher (617.423.4800) to reserve your share (we only have 9 left!)., Start your year off at The Butcher Shop. Yes, we're open today! We are serving our brunch menu until 3:30 and move into dinner at 4:30. Highlights from tonights dinner menu: Seared Foie Gras, Cassoulet, Whole Roasted Pheasant, and of course Steaks. We will be closed Jan. 2nd and 3rd. Hope to see you in the new year soon!, We have plenty of bubbly at TBS! Stop by for a toast and help us ring in 2011!, New Year's Eve is only one day away! Begin the festivities at TBS and stop by for some bubbles and small bites, join us for dinner,  or recover the next morning with a delectable brunch (think Pain Perdu, TBS burger, and Oeuf en Cocotte). For more info on our New Year’s Eve and New Year’s Day offerings, check out the menus in our notes section or call us (617.423.4800) for more information., Sports Illustrated writer Peter King shares his thoughts on football and having beer at TBS! http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/2010/writers/peter_king/12/26/week-16/4.html, New Year's Eve!, Due to the blizzard we are not opening for lunch tomorrow, but we will be open for dinner. Come warm up with a bottle of red wine and house made charcuterie., The Butcher Shop is closing today at 4p.m. We will reopen Monday Dec. 27th. Enjoy the the holiday!, Highlights for tomorrow's brunch menu: Oeuf en Cocotte (baked egg with lentils, mushrooms, & black truffle) Pain Perdu, honey crisp apples, vermont maple syrup, Orecchiette, slow roasted pork shoulder, spinach, parmesan. Sunday 11:00 - 3:30, The Butcher Shop is currently featuring Boudin Blanc on the menu! A traditional French dish that is typically saved for Christmastime because it is so complex to make, this sausage stands apart for its moist and delicious flavor. Come in and enjoy this classic winter dish!, The Butcher Shop will be closed at 4p.m. both Sunday and Monday evening. Tis the season for holiday parties. Come celebrate with us this evening as we welcome Boudin Blanc back to the menu!, Christmas Orders at TBS, We are now taking orders for Christmas dinner! We are featuring beef tenderloin, prime rib, antipasti platters, and more for your holiday fête; please call the butcher at 617.423.4800 for more information and check out our notes for a list of our offerings. Pick-ups will be available up until Christmas Eve afternoon. Happy Holidays!, Only a few hours left to come in and pick up those last minute sides. We still have turkey gravy, stuffing, and potatoes in the case. The Butcher closes down at 7:00p.m. and we will not be open tomorrow. Happy Thanksgiving!, Gravy, Don't forget the gravy! Our favorite recipe is in the notes section!, You've brined, you've trussed, you've roasted to perfection...now check out our album for a step-by-step for carving your turkey!, Thanksgiving is just three days away! Our butchers and chefs are on standby for all your last minute questions and Turkey Day advice. In the meantime, check out our FAQ's in the notes section!, Turkey FAQ's, Every thanksgiving can’t be Hallmark-worthy. A houseful of relatives, a 20 pound bird, and lots of wine can yield some pretty interesting (and hopefully one day funny) memories! Tell us your best (or worst) Thanksgiving story. We’ll start with B&G Oysters GM Jen Pieters and the Thanksgiving she learned to leave the turkey to the professionals!, Brining!, To brine or not to brine? Our butchers say go for it! Check out our recipe and some links in our notes...or save a step and have our butchers brine a fresh Vermont turkey for you!, Talkin’ Turkey! This time of year, it’s all about turkey over at The Butcher Shop so consider this your resource for everything from brining, to carving, to trussing! From now until T-day our butchers and chefs will share tips and field all your questions to help ensure you and your guests enjoy a flavorful, golden turkey  (and have fun along the way). So check back for step-by-stop photos, recipes, stories, and more between now and 11/24!, This Sunday-Wednesday we are traveling to the Beaujolais region of France! Join us for week 5  of our 7 Wine Regions in 7 Weeks series. The regionally-inspired menu includes pied de cochon (pork trotters), rabbit terrine, garlic sausage, and more to perfectly paired with a beautiful selection of Beaujolais Cru wines. Perfect noshing and sipping on a cold autumn night!, Happy Birthday to Us! Come to TBS tonight to help us celebrate our 7 year anniversary!, We currently have Elk Rack in the case for the adventurous carnivore., This week's featured region: Southern Italy and the Islands from today to Wednesday including Crispy Artichokes, Pizza del Giorno, Fresh Capellini, Veal Scallopini & Quail. Check out the discussions page for Wine Director Cat Silirie's tale of discovering COS wines., Sportello named one of the best places for pasta...yum! 
http://www.bonappetit.com/magazine/2010/11/top_10_places_for_pasta, Just a few seats left… Join No. 9 Park for the ultimate Autumn Beer Dinner with Chicago superstar Chef Paul Kahan! The 5 course dinner with beer pairings is $95/person. To reserve a spot please call No. 9 Park 617.742.9991. www.no9park.com, Week 3 of 7 Weeks of 7 Regions: Burgundy Today through Wednesday. Featuring Escargot, Jambon Persille, Onion Soup, Stuffed Squab, Boeuf Bourguignon, Apple Tart Tatin, and others! Come in and check it out., Just in! Esquire magazine names Menton one of the best new restaurants of 2010! Congrats Menton!, Butcher Demo today with Chef Robert Grant and Ronnie Savenor 1:00p.m and 3:00p.m., Start October right! Join us for Boston's 1st Local Food Fest during the gorgeous weather tomorrow! TBS will be leading a butchering demo and discussion about humanely raised veal from Falter Farm (MA) @ 2:30 on the Congress St. Bridge. Check out how our butcher demos are done in our photo albums and see it live tomorrow! www.bostonlocalfoodfest.com., We still have a few CSA shares left for October! This month we are featuring Tamworth pig from Round the Bend Farm in Dartmouth and a share is comprised of sausages, loin racks, ham, and more! (A full share is $190 and a half is $95) Call the butcher at TBS 617.423.4800 for more information!

Here are links about this gorgeous pig and the farm!
http://www.ansi.okstate.edu/breeds/swine/tamworth/

http://www.farmfresh.org/food/farm.php?farm=2092, We are a full service butchery and have great retail items as well! , What do perfume and fine dining have in common? Join Menton on 9/26 for an exclusive scent dinner hosted by the NYT perfume critic Chandler Burr. This gustatory event will include a stimulating master class in the great gourmand perfumes of the world. For more details please visit our notes section., Menton's Scent Dinner, TBS will be CLOSED next Monday-Wednesday, 9/6-8!, Did you join our August CSA share and looking for something great to do with your squab and poussin? Or looking for a great dinner idea? Check out our brining and roasting recipe in the notes section!, Roasted Squab & Brine Recipe, Be on the lookout for TBS menu changes....the return of bolognese, chopped salad, and stone fruit cobbler...YUM!, Congrats Menton!http://www.bonappetit.com/blogsandforums/blogs/bafoodist/2010/08/the-10-best-new-restaurants.html, Join our CSA program! This month we are featuring poultry and have a few shares left! A full share ($120) feeds 5-6 people and a half share ($60) feeds 2-3. Call us and ask to speak with the butcher for more info!

Sunday, August 15th - Demo at 1:00pm and pick-up of 2 whole ducks

Sunday, August 22nd -Pick-up 2 whole squabs & 2 whole poussins

Sunday, August 29th -Pick-up of 2 whole chickens, Tonight's the last night of our CSA Prix Fixe and we're so happy to present produce from Siena Farms and chickens from Misty Knoll Farms. It's 3 courses for only $35.

AMUSE-BOUCHE:
Green Pepper Frito  or  Chicken Rillette

APPETIZER:
Eggplant Terrine  or  Fricassee of Chicken Liver

Entree:
Zephyr Squash Salad  or  Chicken Breast, This month's CSA program will present poultry-- stay tuned for more details! In the meantime, check out our Poultry Q&A on the Discussions page to see how much you know about our feathered friends., Here are some pics from our delectable CSA prix fixe menu showcasing the very best local veggies and meat from our favorite farmers.Join us on Mondays and Tuesdays for a  menu based upon that week’s delivery of vegetables from Siena Farms and meat or poultry from our own meat CSA program for the month.
, Please help our sister restaurant, B&G Oysters, raise money for the Greater New Orleans Foundation's Gulf Coast Oil Spill Fund, which is dedicated to making emergency grants to non-profits helping the victims of the catastrophic oil spill in August. You can donate by visiting: http://www.crowdrise.com/bandgoystersbenefitthegulf/fundraiser/bandgoysters, Summer 2010 Restaurant Week Lunch Menu, Hey TBS fans! Join us for lunch during Restaurant Week from August 15-20 and August 22-27. We will be offering a three course lunch prix fixe for $20.10 and a three course dinner prix fixe for $33.10. Call 617.423.4800 for reservations and check out the menu under the Notes Section!, null, null, null, null, Thank you all for your support!, Sundays are great at The Butcher Shop with our brunch specials! Come join us between 11am and 3:30pm., Our Concept, Menu Overview, Our Wine Program, Summer CSA Menus, Hours of Operation)