List(There are places where Goodwill workers earn as little as $0.22 an hour. , Thank you., Tonight's series finale of Rock Center with Brian Williams begins now.

We hope you join us, one last time., Gatsby is watching the last Rock Center with Brian Williams tonight.

Are you?, Tonight on the final Rock Center with Brian Williams:

Paul McCartney: Being Stella’s dad is ‘pretty cool’ - http://rockcenter.co/12bzu49, Boston Marathon bombing survivor and double amputee Celeste Corcoran stood three inches taller as she hugged her loved ones at eye level again, after receiving her prosthetic legs this week. 

We share more of her amazing journey to recovery tonight on this final Rock Center with Brian Williams at 8/7c.

More: http://rockcenter.co/16UnCsE, Goodwill pays some disabled workers just pennies an hour -- and it's legal.

Learn more on Rock Center with Brian Williams tonight at 10/9c. 

MORE: http://rockcenter.co/14NQkeB, "Watching Stella work, and listening to her talk about her passion for fashion and particularly ethically-based fashion, one gets the sense that while Stella McCartney has long arrived, she is only just getting started.", Today in the Rock Center with Brian Williams newsroom, we celebrated Katie Reimchen's birthday. 

Reimchen is one of the producers for our weekly segment, "Rock Bottom" and we thought she deserved a special gift., Watch Kate Snow's interview with Cesar Millan: http://rockcenter.co/11H0ecP, How do you raise a genius? 

At age 11, Taylor Wilson told his parents that he wanted to build a nuclear reactor in the family garage. His parents never guessed he would do it, but three years later, he did.

More on Taylor: http://rockcenter.co/ZXLg5u, How to help: http://www.aeshasjourney.com/, My, air travel has changed since the 1960s.  

Recognize anyone In this short documentary from 1969? We'd like to hear from you - http://rockcenter.co/12yg1Ra, Tonight's #RockCenter begins now. 

We hope you join us!, Aesha, three years later: 'I'm a very lucky girl' - http://rockcenter.co/10fUIDT, Tonight on Rock Center with Brian Williams: 

Robotic surgery is a high-tech 'tour de force' – but is it safe? http://rockcenter.co/120OtOg, Kate Snow and Cesar Millan, behind the scenes of tonight's Rock Center., Tomorrow on Rock Center with Brian Williams..., Kate Snow and Cesar Millan, behind the scenes of Friday's Rock Center with Brian Williams.

Here's a preview: http://rockcenter.co/11fD0vi, From greeting passengers, to sexy attire, to maintaining a “bland to warm personality,” prepare to be amazed and maybe even slightly offended when you see how different air travel was in the 1960s - http://rockcenter.co/13z6pSA, At age 14, Taylor Wilson built his own nuclear fusion reactor. Now, he aspires to change the world with inventions like mini nuclear power plants - http://rockcenter.co/ZI0KKO, Experimental drug saves babies, but FDA hurdle remains - http://rockcenter.co/12iPlUu, Fashion photographer focuses on those with genetic conditions to reframe beauty - http://rockcenter.co/12ghoUm, Apple just announced that the new Mac Pro would be manufactured in the USA.

CEO Tim Cook first announced this news on Rock Center with Brian Williams. Watch Brian's interview with him here: http://rockcenter.co/WLqzo7, Watch last night's Rock Center with Brian Williams here:, Are you watching Rock Center with Brian Williams with us tonight?

What do you think so far?, Tonight on Rock Center: 

Brian Williams matches up 1939 New York to present day New York., Tonight on Rock Center with Brian Williams: 

Mystery hero in Kansas City gas explosion speaks out - http://rockcenter.co/12wN09D, Tonight on Rock Center with Brian Williams, meet a fashion photographer who, after a life-changing meeting, devoted his life to the disabled - http://rockcenter.co/15HDkGi, Tonight on Rock Center with Brian Williams:

Meet Paul Mongiello, the previously anonymous good Samaritan who rescued people trapped in a Kansas City, Missouri restaurant following a gas explosion., Tonight on Rock Center with Brian Williams: 

Why can't more babies get a new life-saving drug treatment? - http://rockcenter.co/13dGmjF, Rick Guidotti's life has been all about beauty and the power of images, and was a wildly successful fashion photographer for many years. 

However, 15 years ago while photographing a disabled woman Guidotti was shocked by images in medical textbooks. Those images changed his life., From bagels to pizzas even to pencils, artisanal products have become a billion dollar business.  

So what does artisanal really mean? , Remember the story of Kym Worthy, the prosecutor in Detroit that is fighting to get thousands of unprocessed rape kits tested?

Today, it was announced that $4 million dollars will be dedicated to finally testing the kits.

Our story:, Heads up! , Cosmopolitan Magazine editor: Sex & love are essential to having a good, healthy life - http://rockcenter.co/19CKqiE, Great news!

The last hospitalized Boston bombing victim, 29-year-old Erika Brannock, was released from the hospital today.

Brannock was one of the women Brian Williams spoke with last week at the Spaulding Rehabilitation center in Boston. - http://rockcenter.co/16xtdbL, How to help the Boston Marathon bombing survivors featured on Rock Center - http://rockcenter.co/16xtdbL, Miss Friday's show? You can catch up here - http://rockcenter.co/17dAahm, Tonight's Rock Center with Brian Williams begins now. 

We hope you join us., In 2007, a 22-year-old and his friend created Change.org.

Five years later, it’s the largest social change platform in the world - http://rockcenter.co/14fwWUj, Behind the scenes with Chelsea Clinton for tonight's report on Rock Center with Brian Williams on Change.org.

Photo by Michelle Kessel, NBC, My baby, not my child.

A photo essay by Callie Mitchell - http://rockcenter.co/10Eyolr

Her story tonight on Rock Center with Brian Williams., Tonight on Rock Center with Brian Williams:

Why is sex so important to Cosmopolitan Magazine’s appeal? - http://rockcenter.co/18CQCYZ, How one young woman is forging her own path to create a new kind of modern family., “Every month I want Cosmo to feel like this intoxicating cocktail” 

- Cosmopolitan Editor-In-Chief Joanna Coles, From bagels to pizzas to pencils, artisanal products have become a billion dollar business.  

What does artisanal really mean? Are those products lining your grocery store aisles impostors? - http://rockcenter.co/15m92Jb, More than six weeks after the devastating Boston Marathon bombings, Brian Williams sat down with six amputee survivors at the Spaulding Rehabilitation Hospital to hear their powerful stories of recovery, healing, and strength.

You can watch the interview Friday at 10/9c on Rock Center with Brian Williams., Remember Sydney Corcoran, who was injured during the Boston Marathon bombing?

She was crowned prom queen on Tuesday night at her senior prom.

“I keep feeling like I'm going to cry,” she said. “I'm just happy to be back.” http://on.today.com/11y7AEQ, Today, we pause to remember and honor the memory of men and women lost while protecting innocent lives.

Thank you for your service. You will not be forgotten., If you think that the ability to see is the first requirement for being able to make a movie, then you haven't been to Kevin Bright's film-making class at the Perkins School for the Blind in Boston., Tonight's Rock Center with Brian Williams begins now. 

We hope you join us!, 45 minutes till Rock Center with Brian Williams.

Will you be joining us tonight?, Tonight on Rock Center with Brian Williams:

Global ‘stiletto network,’ 85 Broads, invests in women’s success - http://rockcenter.co/13QdhgT, Behind the scenes: Kate Snow with the teachers and Principal of Plaza Towers Elementary School, where seven children were lost when a devastating tornado ripped through their town. 

Her exclusive interview airs tonight at 10/9c on Rock Center with Brian Williams., Tonight on Rock Center with Brian Williams:

Blind filmmaking students may lack sight, but not vision, says their teacher - http://rockcenter.co/13N5ZH2, Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright once said, “There is a special place in Hell for women who don’t help other women.” - http://rockcenter.co/198hDCq, Tonight on Rock Center with Brian Williams:

Working single dad takes pay cut to keep childcare benefits - http://rockcenter.co/10VUP1U, According to the Principal of the school that lost 7 children in Oklahoma, a teacher told her that "The crying was horrible, but when it stopped, it was worse.'" - http://rockcenter.co/11i9RnH

Rock Center with Brian Williams' exclusive interview with Plaza Towers Elementary principal Amy Simpson airs tonight at 10/9c., Kate Snow sits down with the Principal and teachers of Plaza Towers Elementary School, where seven children were lost during the devastating tornado in Moore, Oklahoma.

A Rock Center with Brian Williams exclusive interview, tonight at 10/9c., These students don't have sight, but they do have vision., Would you do this to help your children?, Tonight's NBC News special report begins now. 

Brian Williams is live from Moore, Oklahoma. We hope you join us., The NBC News special report from Moore, Oklahoma begins in 30 minutes.

We hope you join us. How you can help: http://nbcnews.to/howtohelp, null, Devastation in Oklahoma: A NBC News special report, tonight at 8/7c., When Tracy arrived at school, she was told her child was "gone."

Luckily, they were wrong.

Photo by Kate Snow, How you can help., Cars piled high in the parking lot of the blown out Moore Medical Center

Photo by Willie Geist, NBC News, The view from above: The path of the Moore, Oklahoma tornado, as shared by Natalie Morales from the KFOR-TV chopper. 

"Almost like it torched the ground and everything in its path.", Fourth-grade tornado survivor: My teacher 'saved our lives' http://nbcnews.to/12IVrek, Tomorrow night, NBC News will share a special report on the devastation in Oklahoma at 8/7c., null, Miss last night's Rock Center with Brian Williams?

You can watch the full reports here: http://rockcenter.co/10YOPKA, Tonight's Rock Center with Brian Williams starts now! We hope you join us!, Twenty minutes till Rock Center with Brian Williams... will you be joining us?, null, Brian Williams interviews Zach Galifianakis between two ferns.

Yep, this is happening.  Rock Center with Brian Williams tonight at 10/9c., Have a guess:

Why would these two ferns be lying around the Rock Center with Brian Williams newsroom?, Tonight on Rock Center with Brian Williams:

Brian Williams interviews Zach Galifianakis, Kate Snow speaks with a family who says they lost their mom because Dallas 911 dispatch & police failed, and Harry Smith speaks with one of the last Boston Marathon bombing victims still hospitalized., A month after the Boston Marathon bombings, the recovery process is just beginning for many injured in the blasts. 

Here, Harry Smith sits down with Marc Fucarile, among the most severely injured that day., These girls say they lost their mom because Dallas 911 dispatch and the police failed. 

Rock Center with Brian Williams Friday at 10/9c., 'Worst years of my life': For mother of another missing Cleveland woman, the wait goes on - http://rockcenter.co/15VLZZG, Tennis legend Jimmy Connors reveals all - http://rockcenter.co/13e5eXq, Cleveland case gives hope to Ohio family of missing woman - http://rockcenter.co/15VLZZG, Gov. Christie talks weight loss, Sandy recovery and 2016 - http://rockcenter.co/12sEnYN, Tonight's Rock Center with Brian Williams begins now.

We hope you join us!, 30 minutes til Rock Center for Eastern & Central Time viewers! Tell us what you're looking forward to seeing., Governor Chris Christie on 2016: 'I'm a damn good Republican'
http://rockcenter.co/14aZ10S

Brian Williams' full interview with New Jersey Governor Christie airs tonight 10pm/9c on NBC., The woman behind the curtain: Kate Snow records her track for tonight's Rock Center., "It's been a restless week," Jennifer Summers told Kate Snow in an interview airing tonight at 10pm/9c.  

Jennifer's daughter Ashley Summers has been missing since 2007. She disappeared near Ariel Castro's house. 

 PREVIEW: http://rockcenter.co/134hAkI, Good morning, everyone., In an exclusive interview, Brian Williams sits down with New Jersey Governor Chris Christie to talk about the Jersey Shore’s recovery in the aftermath of Superstorm Sandy, his political future, and the decision to undergo weight loss surgery., Why did Governor Chris Christie get weight loss surgery?

“I did not want to take the risk of becoming unhealthy and the ramifications that would have for Mary Pat and for my four kids.," he said.

"I got a long road here as a father and I don’t want to miss any of it.”

Photo via Brendan Smialowski / Getty Images, At a corner bodega in Cleveland, this poster still hangs.

Photo via Kate Snow, NBC, Ariel Castro, the Cleveland man charged with holding three women captive for a decade, impregnated one of them five times and punched her in the stomach until she miscarried, police said Wednesday., Outside the house where three girls broke free from captivity in Cleveland, Ohio.

Photo by Michelle Kessel, NBC, Chris Christie: Weight-loss surgery allows an 'active next half' of my life

Rock Center with Brian Williams's exclusive interview airs Friday at 10/9c. PREVIEW: http://rockcenter.co/18USgkp

(Photo credit: Adam Rivera/NBC News), null, "I have never ever apologized for anything. I have felt if I do it, it's done. And that's the way I've always gone about it." - Tennis legend Jimmy Connors

MORE: http://rockcenter.co/12aT0kt, Friday, tennis legend Jimmy Connors talks to Harry Smith about his compulsive gambling, controversial mother, infidelity, and for the first time - why his celebrated engagement to Chris Evert fell apart. , Last August, Deanna Cook called 9-1-1 for help. When police couldn't save her, everyone blamed the 9-1-1 operator, Tonyita Hopkins.  

Hopkins breaks her silence Friday on Rock Center., In case you missed it... Friday's Rock Bottom! - http://rockcenter.co/12L2WyD, Brian Williams shares a preview of Friday's reports., Keeping a family together after transgender surgery - http://rockcenter.co/YoNnyH, Oil boom threatens Amazon tribesmen - http://rockcenter.co/YxwqUO, Should guns be taken from domestic violence abusers? - http://rockcenter.co/12F8Hhn, Miss Friday's Rock Center with Brian Williams?

Catch up here:, West coast, your Rock Center with Brian Williams begins now!, Comfort dogs for all!

From all of us at Rock Center with Brian Williams to you, goodnight!, Tonight's Rock Center with Brian Williams begins now.

We hope you join us!, 30 minutes till tonight's Rock Center with Brian Williams!

We hope you join us!, Yasuni National Park seen through the lens of nature photog Pete Oxford - http://rockcenter.co/ZpFuq5, Welcome aboard Rock Center flight 503..., She's home!

Sydney Corcoran poses at home with her dad. We follow the next chapter of their family's story tonight., Do you think the United States needs gun control reform?, Stephanie Holten obtained an order of protection after her ex-husband threatened to "put a gun in my mouth and pull the trigger," she said.

No one took his gun when he was served. Nine hours later, he was at Holten's door threatening to shoot - http://rockcenter.co/Yjjm37, One extraordinary family's journey, tonight on Rock Center with Brian Williams., “If a normal family is one where everyone treats each other as equals and with love, then yeah, I live in a normal family.”

- Zach Boylan, The amazing wildlife of Ecuador's Yasuni National Park, as seen through the lens of nature photographer Pete Oxford - http://rockcenter.co/ZpFuq5, Living in the Amazon: 

"There's a harmony, a balance between the animals and the plants and the people. They're in a circle, almost holding hands together, to survive and protect the planet." - http://rockcenter.co/ZXNNwq, How a Rock Center with Brian Williams interview is made., Friday on Rock Center with Brian Williams:

When Jim became Jenny, how one couple redefined their marriage and made it work., Next step for Celeste and Sydney Corcoran: Recovery., You don't see THIS everyday!

An Amazon tribal leader shows Ann Curry and other members of the Rock Center team how to use a blow gun., Behind the scenes today in Boston:

Natalie Morales interviews the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT)'s Dr. Hugh Herr, who focuses on developing robotic prosthetics that help people like those injured in the Boston Marathon bombings., As much as we want to, we can't find EVERYTHING awesome on the internet ourselves. 

We're on the hunt for odd news, funny videos, or weird photos you've seen recently. Your suggestion may make this week's broadcast! 

(Remember, it's not Rock Bottom without at least one dog...), Ann Curry & team in the Amazon rainforest, taping a story for Friday's Rock Center with Brian Williams.

(Photo via Ann Curry, http://bit.ly/ZMrwmy), Baby's birth brings healing to a mother and father who lost their three daughters - http://rockcenter.co/13GCAQM, Good news! Today, Celeste & Sydney Corcoran were discharged from the hospital and moved to a rehab facility.

We continue to follow this amazing family's road to recovery, and will keep you updated on their progress.
 
How you can help - http://bit.ly/12OoUEC, Miss last night's Rock Center with Brian Williams?

You can watch the reports here: http://rockcenter.co/15OZjyh, Tonight's Rock Center with Brian Williams begins now. 

We hope you join us!, Tonight's Rock Center with Brian Williams begins in just one hour.

Share this if you'll be joining!, Behind the scenes: Natalie Morales with Celeste and Sydney Corcoran, a mother and daughter both injured in the Boston Marathon bombing.

Their incredible story of survival and love, tonight on Rock Center with Brian Williams at 10/9c.

(Photo by Dwaine Scott, NBC News), What's your favorite TV commercial of all time?, Tonight on Rock Center with Brian Williams, from the man himself., "If you have the spirit and you know that you wanna do it, I can absolutely achieve it.” - Celeste Corcoran, who lost both legs in the Boston Marathon bombing

Hear her family's amazing story of survival tonight on Rock Center with Brian Williams - http://rockcenter.co/12trwqk, What makes a great commercial? - http://rockcenter.co/17n9Miu, “I will have a different life, a different reality... It’s going to be hard, but I can do this.”

- Celeste Corcoran, who lost her lower legs below the knee. She shares her family's survival story tonight on Rock Center., Jackie and Warren Hance lost their three daughters in a fatal car accident when Warren's sister drove the wrong way on the Taconic Parkway.

Tonight, they tell us their story about how love sustained them through tragedy, and how they learned to live again. - http://rockcenter.co/15JYcQm, Tonight on Rock Center with Brian Williams, Chelsea Clinton interviews The GEICO Gecko.

Seriously., Celeste Corcoran lost two legs in the Boston Marathon bombing. Her daughter Sydney was also critically injured. 

Tonight on Rock Center with Brian Williams, they tell you their story - http://rockcenter.co/17mqqPh, "I knew I at least had my mother.  So really, the legs don't mean anything to me. I know it's hard for her, but I'm glad I have her."

- Sydney Corcoran, upon waking up in the hospital after the Boston Marathon bombings to hear her mother had lived, but had lost both of her legs.

Hear their story tonight on Rock Center with Brian Williams at 10/9c - http://rockcenter.co/17mqqPh, Who's that guy in those AT&T commercials? - http://rockcenter.co/17kQMkC, Jackie Hance thought her sister-in-law was a "good mom" before the car crash on the Taconic that took the lives of her three daughters - http://rockcenter.co/15JYcQm, Friday on Rock Center with Brian Williams:

In an emotional interview, Celeste and Sydney Corcoran speak with Natalie Morales about their injuries from the Boston Marathon bombings. 

Jackie and Warren Hance sit down with Ann Curry to talk about how they’re moving forward after an unthinkable car crash took the lives of their three daughters.

Chelsea Clinton goes behind the scenes with the actors who pitch AT&T, Old Spice and Geico, who share the real lives of actors who star in commercials., What is the one thing that can bring you joy, even in the face of incredible sadness?, Heather Abbott, a Boston Marathon bombing victim discussed in last week's report, suffered a severe injury to her left foot which resulted in a below the knee amputation.

Here's how you can help. - http://bit.ly/ZCzOMp, Friday on Rock Center with Brian Williams, Jackie and Warren Hance speak with Ann Curry about the unthinkable, horrific car crash that took the lives of their three daughters, and the happiness they have recently managed to find. - http://rockcenter.co/112CdOu, "We were in the wrong place at the wrong time, but we did the right thing."

Restaurant staff springs into action after the Boston Marathon bombing - http://rockcenter.co/11fsLY8, "We will hold those who are responsible for these heinous acts accountable to the fullest extent of the law.", For those that were asking, here is the link to donate to the Celeste & Sydney Recovery Fund., Boston looks ahead - http://rockcenter.co/12vFGIg, A mother and daughter, both injured at the Boston Marathon bombing, reunite in the hospital - http://rockcenter.co/17acojx, Tonight's Rock Center with Brian Williams begins now. 

We hope you stay with us., Thermal imagers can spot the signature of a body or other heat source even if it's inside a house, a vehicle, or in this case, a vessel., null, Tonight at 10/9c, Rock Center with Brian Williams dedicates its entire broadcast to the terror in Boston, featuring interviews with survivors, stories of heroes, and the latest developments on the manhunt for the suspect., Timeline of a terror hunt: What do we really know? - http://nbcnews.to/117CeRi

Photo: Charles Krupa / AP, Two hours after the Boston Marathon bombing, suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev tweeted this - http://nbcnews.to/15saGfm, Massive Boston manhunt drags on; anxiety grips city - http://nbcnews.to/15s6IDw

Photo: Brian Snyder / Reuters, City on Lockdown: Bostonians share photos of deserted streets as massive manhunt continues: http://nbcnews.to/17Lxx4P 

Photo: @AntonioRegalado on Twitter, What we know now about the suspects in the Boston Marathon bombings: http://nbcnews.to/11ltloT 

Photo: Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, still at large (via FBI), Boston Police tell NBC News that authorities are "hunkering down for the long haul." 

They are concerned that the entire house may be booby trapped., An empty Kenmore Square in Boston, Mass. - http://nbcnews.to/17L34ny

(Photo via Andrew Golden), The FBI has released a new photo of Marathon Bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, who is still at large - http://nbcnews.to/11qvdtT

Photo credit: FBI, null, After an intense, dramatic and deadly firefight, one of the Boston Marathon suspects was killed early Friday. The suspect in the white hat, his brother, is still at large. 

Tonight, Rock Center with Brian Williams will dedicate our entire broadcast on the Boston Marathon bombing and recent developments - http://nbcnews.to/13uvCCd, The FBI has released photos of these two men, who are suspects in the Boston Marathon bombings.

Have you seen these men?

More at: http://www.fbi.gov/bostonbombings
Submit tips to: https://bostonmarathontips.fbi.gov/, Tonight: NBC News's Richard Engel will appear on The Colbert Report!, Everyone suffers through hard times.

What gets you through?, What is the biggest obstacle you have ever overcome?, Friday on Rock Center with Brian Williams, Jackie and Warren Hance speak exclusively with Ann Curry about the unthinkable, horrific car crash that took the lives of their three daughters. - http://rockcenter.co/112CdOu, Behind the scenes: Brian Williams prepping to broadcast NBC Nightly News with Brian Williams LIVE from Boston.

Photo via Dwaine Scott, NBC, Rock Center's Ann Curry is bringing back her #26Acts of kindness movement, one for each of the miles of the Boston Marathon.

Are you in? - http://nbcnews.to/13bCPXC, "Just... chaos.", Continuing live coverage of the tragedy at the Boston Marathon. - http://nbcnews.to/10YLU0n, “The record of people who have gotten away with things like this is not very good.”, Tonight at 10/9c, NBC News will be live with special coverage of the Boston Marathon explosion., null, null, Laurene Powell Jobs, the wife of the late Steve Jobs, fights for the DREAM Act and remembers her husband - http://rockcenter.co/ZWqYoy, "Men don’t care about cellulite and muffin tops," volleyball star Gabby Reece says in her new book. 

"They just want you to be naked and smiling." - http://rockcenter.co/11a0xym, Miss Friday's Rock Center with Brian Williams? 

Watch it here! - http://rockcenter.co/16UaPpR, Tonight's Rock Center with Brian Williams begins now!

We hope you join us!, 20 minutes till Rock Center with Brian Williams!

Will you be watching with us?, Have you ever done something even though you know it may be bad for you?, This man’s family claims that his death was caused in part from taking the supplement Jack3d. 

Is is safe? - http://rockcenter.co/151eUdr, Do you think the United States needs immigration reform? 

If so, what should be changed? If not, why?, Do you take Jack3d, or know someone who does?

An FDA director told Rock Center that DMAA, a substance inside the popular workout supplement, is an "illegal dietary supplement."

Learn more tonight on Rock Center with Brian Williams at 10/9c., Tonight on Rock Center with Brian Williams, Laurene Powell Jobs speaks out for the first time since her husband Steve Jobs' death, about immigration reform & Steve's "private legacy."

Her exclusive interview with Brian Williams airs tonight at 10/9c. -http://rockcenter.co/16SdL6o, Do you think US immigration laws need to be reformed? If so, how?, Kate Snow and Gabby Reece paddle boarding in Hawaii

Read Kate Snow's take on her interview tonight with the volleyball star: http://rockcenter.co/113CuSF, In advance of Rock Center with Brian Williams’s upcoming report, the FDA has issued a warning about DMAA, a substance present in the popular workout supplement Jack3d - http://rockcenter.co/151eUdr

(Image courtesy of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration), What is the most important thing you do that makes your marriage work?, On Friday, Laurene Powell Jobs speaks publicly for the first time since her husband Steve Jobs' death to advocate for young undocumented immigrants. 

Her exclusive interview with Brian Williams airs Friday at 10/9c on Rock Center. - http://rockcenter.co/16PX23H, On Friday, model and volleyball champion Gabrielle Reece sits down with Rock Center's Kate Snow for a conversation about her new book and her marriage to surfer Laird Hamilton.  

Despite her family's picture perfect image, Reece says their marriage nearly fell apart. - http://rockcenter.co/ZOXjNU, Kate Snow and Gabby Reece in Hawaii. 

Get to know the volleyball star better Friday on Rock Center with Brian Williams., Your first clue about what we're doing in Hawaii:

Who is that with Kate Snow on the left?, Amazing: Ann Curry, and everyone who joined the #26Acts movement, has been nominated for a Webby Award.

Cast your vote and show that kindness always wins: http://bit.ly/151OYif, Spring has sprung at Rock Center! 

You know it's official when the ice rink goes away. Hooray!, Undiagnosed adult ADHD is "debilitating."

How has it affected your life? - http://rockcenter.co/12A92aI, Were you a believer in the Masked Marauders? - http://rockcenter.co/10LcafY, What did you think of last night's show?

You can watch it here: http://rockcenter.co/Y1DvMb, We're looking for fellow victims. 

If you bought the Masked Marauders, if you were a believer, tell us your story so we won't feel so alone., Tonight's Rock Center begins now! 

We hope you join us!, One hour until tonight's Rock Center with Brian Williams! 

Will you be watching with us?, In 1969, John Lennon, Mick Jagger, Paul McCartney and Bob Dylan formed the ultimate super group and recorded a super-secret album together. It was the greatest rock and roll record of all time.

But it never really happened. It was all a joke. - http://rockcenter.co/16yoS2j, ADHD: It's not just a children's disorder. Tonight, Rock Center explores the growing number of Americans diagnosed with ADHD in adulthood.

Has ADHD affected your life? How?, How has ADHD affected your life?, Tonight, Rock Center with Brian Williams pays tribute to ISS Commander Col. Chris Hadfield, an orbiting teacher of life-in-space lessons and one very cool Canadian.

He shares amazing photos like this every day from space!, Tonight on Rock Center with Brian Williams: Did Lennon, Dylan, McCartney, Harrison, Jagger record a secret album? 

Brian Williams reports at 10/9c., Bonnie Ihme discovered she has ADHD after her son Jacob's diagnosis. 

Tonight at 10/9c, Rock Center explores the struggles of adult ADHD., Scientology-linked rehab Narconon under fire from two former executives - http://rockcenter.co/Y0p6vq, In November 2011, Rock Center investigated the largest cheating scandal to ever hit America's public schools, in Atlanta, GA.

At least 35 former educators have already turned themselves in after they were indicted by a grand jury last week.

More: http://rockcenter.co/10vwn80

(Photo credit: David Goldman/AP), “I was devastated. And I was disappointed. I mean, these are my parents” – Cate Edwards on her father's affair 

More: http://rockcenter.co/11hMFnz, On billions of dollars in profits over 5 years, Carnival Cruise Lines allegedly paid only .6% in taxes - http://rockcenter.co/10sSBaM, Billions are stolen in tax refunds. You are vulnerable - http://rockcenter.co/10sBar0, Tonight's Rock Center begins now!

We hope you join us!, Half hour till Rock Center!

Will you be watching with us tonight?, The owner of the Miami Heat, Micky Arison, is also the CEO of Carnival. One is nearly unbeatable, the other can’t seem to win. 

Rock Center reports tonight at 10/9c., Tonight on Rock Center:

Kate Snow investigates the growing threat of tax related identity theft and fraud.

John Edwards' daughter Cate opens up to Savannah Guthrie about her father's affair and mother's death.

Harry Smith reports on Carnival Cruise Line CEO and Miami Heat owner Micky Arison.

And, as always, Rock Bottom!, Meet Ronnie, the Rock Bottom Rabbit!, We investigate tonight on Rock Center at 10/9c. - http://rockcenter.co/110l1eD, Have you ever been on a Carnival cruise?, This is an actual Facebook post. Seriously.

We investigate tax fraud Friday on Rock Center., Have you filed your taxes yet?, John Edwards' eldest daughter: I was mad, 'devastated' about affair - http://rockcenter.co/10RquV8, Your tax refund is a growing target for identity thieves - http://rockcenter.co/10QDwSV, These police officers are all victims of tax fraud. 

Rock Center Friday: It could happen to you., Let's have a conversation. 

Tell us about a person or action that has stuck with you, or that you think people need to hear.

What is important to you? What is your untold story? 

We want to share it., Now that you've seen the story:

Is keeping young juveniles in solitary confinement for their own protection fair?, “Everyone wants to have that perfect partner. And identical twins have it from the moment of birth” - http://rockcenter.co/10djfEA, The Emanuel brothers chat with Brian Williams about success and loyalty - http://rockcenter.co/10d7uxJ, Can you tell what your dog is thinking? - http://rockcenter.co/10cIYgl, Miss last night's Rock Center? Want to watch it again?

Check out the full hour here: http://rockcenter.co/107YcmG, Tonight's Rock Center with Brian Williams begins now!

We hope you join us!, One hour till Rock Center!

We're ready. Are you?, Two hours till Rock Center! Tonight:
 
A rare interview with all three Emanuel brothers, Brian Williams sits down with super-agent Ari, Chicago’s Mayor Rahm and prominent doctor Zeke.

Teens in adult prisons are often kept in solitary confinement for their own protection. Are the mental health risks too dangerous? Ted Koppel reports.

One elementary school, 15 sets of triplets. Is something in the water?  Kiran Chetry pays a visit. 

And of course, Rock Bottom!, Cloudy with a chance of meteors? 

A Rock Bottom reenactment of possible doom, tonight on Rock Center with Brian Williams., Is this fair? - http://rockcenter.co/105INTT, What should they talk about?, Tonight on Rock Center with Brian Williams, Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel and his brothers sit down with Brian Williams.

What would you like to learn about them?, Even more twins! 

Meet Harlie & Abby tomorrow on Rock Center with Brian Williams., That's a LOT of twins for one elementary school... http://rockcenter.co/10ogwu5, Friday on Rock Center with Brian Williams: Teens held in adult jails and prisons are often kept in solitary confinement for their own protection.

Are the mental health risks too dangerous?, Are women grumpier than men when sleep deprived? - http://rockcenter.co/108sU1f, Should bone marrow donors be compensated?, Golfer’s public panic attack speaks to silent epidemic - http://rockcenter.co/ZULK9T, Ex-Lehman CFO Erin Callan: It’s OK to ‘lean back’ - http://rockcenter.co/ZSCFOJ, Miss last night's Rock Center with Brian Williams?

You can watch it here! - http://rockcenter.co/ZPUVs8, Thanks for joining us for tonight's Rock Center with Brian Williams!

See you next week!, Tonight's Rock Center with Brian Williams begins now. 

We hope you join us!, One hour until tonight's Rock Center with Brian Williams!

Tonight:
Ann Curry interviews Erin Callan, former CFO of Lehman Brothers 
Kate Snow brings you to South by Southwest in Austin, TX
Pro golfer Charlie Beljan opens up to Mary Carillo about panic attacks
Dr. Nancy Snyderman updates the story of Doreen Flynn, whose 3 daughters need bone marrow transplants

And, of course, #RockBottom!, "I wanted to be a little bit of sort of a cautionary tale.  You can achieve, you can accomplish, you can have an amazing career with great success, even in a male dominated field that I did.  But be careful what you wish for."

- Former Lehman Brothers CFO Erin Callan

Watch her full interview with Ann Curry tonight at 10/9c on Rock Center, "Did someone say the SXSW uniform was plaid??" - Kate Snow, For women, what does “having it all” really mean? 

Tonight, the former Chief Financial Officer of Lehman Brothers, Erin Callan, speaks with Ann Curry about her life, family and career. - http://rockcenter.co/ZViqSE, Kate Snow = Jessie's Girl?

Yes, that's Rick Springfield. Tomorrow, she reports on the South by Southwest Festival. - http://rockcenter.co/13YpGRz, For women, what does “having it all” really mean? 

Erin Callan, former Chief Financial Officer of Lehman Brothers, says that neglecting her family for work was a mistake. 

In an exclusive interview with Ann Curry Friday on Rock Center with Brian Williams, Callan explains how she came to realize that she didn't have to make the sacrifices she made to become CFO., Friday, pro golfer Charlie Beljan opens up to NBC's Mary Carillo about having a very public panic attack during a televised PGA golf tournament. - http://rockcenter.co/ZLH3kL, Rock Center's Kate Snow is currently running around SXSW in Austin, TX, trying to keep up with Ryan Bort of Paste Magazine for Friday's Rock Center with Brian Williams.

What should they go see today?, Rock Center with Brian Williams rocking out with Alt-J (∆) at SXSW last night.

We're still in Austin, and still looking for interesting stories to cover. If you have an interesting story to tell, get in touch!, We've arrived at SXSW!

Know of anything cool going on in Austin this week that we should cover? Let us know!, Was the pope's resignation an act of sacrifice to save church? - http://nbcnews.to/14HdaS2, Camden Police Chief Thomson looks out over a memorial for the 67 people who were murdered in the city, America's poorest, last year.

Watch Brian William's full report: http://rockcenter.co/ZrrnD9, Miss last night's Rock Center with Brian Williams? 

You can watch it here - http://rockcenter.co/ZzIRLu, Tonight's Rock Center with Brian Williams begins now! 

We hope you join us!, One hour till Rock Center with Brian Williams!

Tonight: Vatican intrigue, the poorest and most dangerous city in the US, inside UnderArmor, outrage over birth tourism and #RockBottom.

Will you be joining us?, Why did Pope Benedict resign? 

Richard Engel reports tonight on Rock Center with Brian Williams at 10/9c - http://rockcenter.co/Zy42NW, Born in the U.S.A.?

Should "birth tourists" get instant U.S. citizenship for their newborns? - http://rockcenter.co/ZxwKyz, Camden, NJ is the poorest city in the nation, and one of the most dangerous. Last year, the city of just 77,000 had 67 homicides. On average someone was shot every 33 hours.

Here, crosses on the lawn of City Hall mark lives lost - http://rockcenter.co/Zxm1nO, Tonight on Rock Center with Brian Williams:
 
Brian Williams visits Camden, NJ, one of the poorest and most dangerous cities in America. 

Richard Engel sits down with Italian journalist and author Gianluigi Nuzzi to discuss what several scandals surrounding the Catholic Church mean for the church and the new pope. 

Harry Smith goes behind the scenes at Under Armour’s innovation lab with founder at CEO Kevin Plank

Kate Snow provides an update on birth tourism, and the outrage it is spreading in California., Tomorrow on Rock Center, Brian Williams visits Camden, NJ, one of the poorest and most dangerous cities in America. 

Through personal interviews with a neighborhood priest, the city's police chief, and a mother who lost her husband, a portrait emerges of a city struggling to survive against all odds, and live up to its motto -- the City Invincible., Should wealthy, foreign women be allowed to come to the U.S. just to give birth to American citizens?

Learn more on Rock Center Friday at 10/9c - http://rockcenter.co/Z2IE3n, In 1996, with no experience in or knowledge of clothing manufacturing, Kevin Plank purchased some women’s lingerie fabric, took it to a local tailor, and asked him to sew some shirts.

In 2012, the company he created with those shirts, Under Armour, had a revenue of nearly $2 billion., The Vatican is one of the most impenetrable places on earth. And yet, Vatican whistleblowers, including His Holiness Benedict XVI’s own butler, disclosed information that appeared in a tell-all book, revealing some of the most innermost secrets of the Catholic Church. 

Friday, Richard Engel reports on what those secrets mean for the Catholic Church and the new pope on Rock Center with Brian Williams at 10/9c., The city of Camden, NJ has one of the highest crime rates and poverty levels in the United States. At this water tower, however, childrens' lives are being transformed.

Hope is found in the most unlikely of places. Friday on Rock Center with Brian Williams., Apparently, Brian Williams grew up eating SpaghettiOs and SPAM.

Yum? - http://rockcenter.co/ZiCo7s

(Photo composite: NBC News, SpaghettiOs/Facebook), Until recently, women were not allowed to ski jump in the Olympics because it wasn't "appropriate for ladies from a medical point of view."

Several athletes thought that was sexist. This is the story of their fight to compete. , Why can't Oklahoma City bombing victims use the money that was donated to them?, Tonight's Rock Center with Brian Williams begins now!

We hope you join us!, 2 hours until Rock Center! 

Appearing tonight: The Tooth Fairy.

...Seriously., Remember The Onion's controversial tweet during the Oscars?

Tonight at 10/9c, Rock Center with Brian Williams gives you an all-access pass behind the scenes at the parody publication as they prepare for the awards., "I don't understand why they have made it so difficult for not only myself but other survivors and victims to get the medical stuff they need and surgeries. I just wish my grandma didn't have to go through all that."

- PJ Allen

Hear more from survivors of the Oklahoma City bombing tonight on Rock Center with Brian Williams at 10/9c, What was your favorite Judy Blume book growing up?

Chelsea Clinton interviews the iconic author at her home tonight on Rock Center with Brian Williams at 10/9c., Women's ski jumpers have never been allowed to compete in the Olympics before... until now.

Tonight at 10/9c, we follow the story of these amazing athletes, and the Olympic sport that was the very last to not allow women to compete., Will you be watching with us?, EXCLUSIVE VIDEO:

Inside The Onion's pre-Oscar editorial meeting - http://rockcenter.co/Z4b5O3, Injured as a baby in the Oklahoma City bombing, PJ Allen still struggles to breathe. 

15 years later, he and his grandmother are still struggling with medical bills they can't afford to pay.

Why isn't he getting help? - http://rockcenter.co/Z3gq8i, Tomorrow Rock Center with Brian Williams gives you an all-access inside look at America’s most famous satirical media outlet – The Onion.

The Chicago-based operation is more popular and more controversial than ever, especially after a near-universally condemned Tweet sent during the Oscars that forced a rare apology., As recently as 2006, the President of the International Ski Federation said that ski jumping wasn't "appropriate for ladies from a medical point of view."

One of the top athletes in the sport considered that sexist, and decided to fight.

Do you agree? - http://rockcenter.co/YZRVci, "I'm sorry, but my baby making organs are on the inside. Men have an organ on the outside. So it's not safe for me jumping down and my uterus is going to fall out, what about the organ on the outside of the body?"

- Lindsey Van 
, We're hard at work putting together this week's reports.

Isn't our view the greatest?, A former marine, golden glove boxer, and father – Pete Deveraux's life was turned upside down at the age of 45, when he was diagnosed with breast cancer., Meet the youngest Oscar nominee, Quvenzhané Wallis., Remembering Reeva Steenkamp, Did you miss Friday's Rock Center? Want to watch it again?

Watch the full hour here: http://rockcenter.co/YL7Aw0, Tonight's Rock Center with Brian Williams begins now!

We hope you join us!, One hour till tonight's Rock Center with Brian Williams!, This man says his breast cancer was caused by contaminated water at Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune.

Learn more: http://rockcenter.co/YjlRSC

(Photo courtesy of Art beCAUSE Breast Cancer Foundation, David Fox), An elite group of Chinese hackers, called the "Shanghai Group," are targeting the U.S. economy.

Tonight at 10/9c, Rock Center with Brian Williams investigates the growing threat.

Learn more: http://rockcenter.co/YiGnme, Tonight on Rock Center with Brian Williams at 10/9c, Dr. Nancy Snyderman investigates how breast cancer has affected a group of men at Camp Lejeune. The Marines and their families say that their disease was caused by drinking contaminated water on the base., Learn more on Rock Center with Brian Williams tonight at 10/9c, We’ve heard a lot this week about Chinese computer hackers breaking into major American companies and institutions. 

Friday, Rock Center with Brian Williams discusses these hacks and the growing Chinese cyber threat with a man who has run America’s top spy agencies, the CIA and NSA, General Mike Hayden., Is too much money being spent to save the giant panda?, Kate Snow travled to Chengdu, China to report on panda preservation for Friday's Rock Center with Brian Williams.

Here are some photos from her trip! - http://on.fb.me/XPbfqv, You want to watch these baby pandas learn to walk.

Trust us., Millions of dollars are spent every year to save the giant panda.

Are they worth saving? - http://rockcenter.co/YE5ii4, "Along with my parents, my best friend Elizabeth Fleming, ballet and Zeke (our dog), I cannot imagine my life between the ages of eight and 12 without Judy Blume, or her iconic characters: Peter, Davey, Margaret and Katherine."

Chelsea Clinton reflects on Judy Blume's impact on her childhood - http://rockcenter.co/Zsq9tn, What was your favorite Judy Blume book while growing up?, "Using iPads as cameras, for example, is like taking pictures with a cafeteria tray." - Brian Williams , “To know that we had all of these potential victims sitting out there, all of them, mostly women, and nothing had been done, was just truly appalling.” 

- Kym Worthy, Rock Center with Brian Williams starts NOW!

East coast and Central time, we hope you join us!, All dressed up for Friday night and ready to go!, Tonight on Rock Center at 10/9c:

Dr. Nancy Snyderman has the exclusive story of one family’s unique and harrowing experience inside and off the doomed cruise ship Carnival Triumph.  

Kate Snow introduces us to Kym Worthy, a prosecutor who's on a crusade to bring justice to crimes against women in the Detroit area. Cases that some say, were all but forgotten -- some, for two decades. 

On “The American Bible Challenge,” host Jeff Foxworthy says, if you don’t know your Bible, you don’t have a prayer. Harry Smith goes to the set to find out what in Heaven’s name is going on at the hit game show.

And of course, Rock Bottom!, The Carnival Triumph: A tropical cruise vacation gone terribly, terribly wrong.

A family's unique and harrowing experience inside and off the ship, tonight on Rock Center at 10/9c., Grammy award winning gospel singer Kirk Franklin on bringing flavor to The American Bible Challenge  - http://rockcenter.co/YkyjiB

Learn more about the surprise hit Game Show Network show on Rock Center with Brian Williams tonight at 10/9c., Prosecutor Kym Worthy has seen her share of grisly crime, but even she was shocked by a discovery in 2009: 11,303 untested rape kits, some decades old, collecting dust on a shelf.

Watch the Rock Center report tonight at 10/9c - http://rockcenter.co/XJSsk9, Olympic and Paralympic star Oscar Pistorius was charged with murder Thursday after his girlfriend was shot dead at his South African home., Take the quiz!, Game Show Network has its first hit, and it's a game show about the Bible.

Here's how Grammy award winning Gospel singer Official Kirk Franklin brings some "flavor" to the show., "If you don't know your Bible, you don't have a prayer!"

- Jeff Foxworthy of The American Bible Challenge

Learn more: http://rockcenter.co/YdIntV, Rock Center's long road to Fridays, Oregon Trail style. 

Good news... we didn't get dysentery!, Missed us on television?  Now you can watch Brian Williams' #RockBottom report on Hulu!

By the way...have you seen this Valentine's Day ad?  , The wheels-up landing of LOT Polish Airlines Flight 16 has been hailed as one of the most dramatic feats of airmanship in recent times, but that’s not the end of story. 

There’s still no official answer on what caused the malfunction. , What is a "normal couple," really? , Our long, winding road to Fridays.

It's been quite a journey, but we're glad to be here!, Rock Center with Brian Williams begins now!

We hope you join us!, Rock Center with Brian Williams begins at its all-new time in just ONE HOUR!

Will you be joining us?, Rock Center with Brian Williams, snowed-in style.

Curl up on your couch and tune in at 10/9c!, Kaytlynn Welsch is 12 years old. Her sister, Heather, is 10— and they’re both phenomenal endurance runners who compete with adults three times their age.

How young is too young?

Kate Snow reports tonight on Rock Center at 10/9c., Coming up tonight on Rock Center with Brian Williams at 10/9c:
 
Lester Holt tells the story of a national hero who has been compared to Captain Chesley Sully Sullenberger.

Natalie Morales sits down with one of the authors of The Normal Bar, a new book that explores what normal is when it comes to relationships between romantic partners. 

Kate Snow reports on sisters who are two of the youngest and fastest endurance runners in the country. Kaytlynn and Heather Welsch are only 10 and 12 years old. Are their parents pushing them too far? 

And of course, Rock Bottom!, Even Rock Center correspondent Kate Snow admits she got schooled by a 10 and 12-year-old., Need a Brian Williams fix?

He'll be appearing on E!'s The Soup tonight at 10 EST!, There are more men who crave extra romance in their relationships than women.

Who knew?, What is a "normal" relationship, anyway?, Brian Williams describes what Rock Center means to him.

Join us on Friday at 10/9c as we premiere at our all new time., This week on Rock Center on Friday at 10/9c:

Kate Snow reports on two endurance-running sisters who, at only 10 and 12 years old, keep pace with adults three times their age.

Lester Holt tells the story of Captain Tad Wrona, a pilot who saved the lives of 230 passengers during an emergency landing in Poland.

Natalie Morales sits down with one of the authors of The Normal Bar, who open up about how the revealing survey results helped save their 15-year marriage.

And of course, Rock Bottom!, Friday on Rock Center, Kate Snow follows Kaytlynn and Heather Welsch, two shockingly-young long distance runners who keep up with adults three times their age.

Kaytlynn is 12, and her younger sister Heather is 10.

What do you think: How young is too young?, Happy Friday! Here's Brian Williams with a puppy.

See you next week at our new time, Friday at 10/9c!, The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal have reported that their computer systems have been repeatedly targeted by hackers based in China for the past several months.

It's not the first time cyber-attacks originating from China have been in the national spotlight. Current and former intelligence officials at the highest levels of government say the Chinese are playing dirty in the international spy game as well., "We, it turns out, are the Saudi Arabia of natural gas." - US President Barack Obama.

Is that a good thing? Is fracking safe? - http://rockcenter.co/XnkXBO, Fracking provides boundless energy, jobs... and earthquakes?, Did you miss Brian Williams slow jamming the news on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon?

Watch it here -- take it from our man "Brilly Willy.", Staying up late?

Brian Williams is slow jamming the news on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon tonight!

Tune in at 12:35/11:35c., Where do Broadway's finest go to pray?  

It's nicknamed "The Actors' Chapel."  

STORY: http://rockcenter.co/XEiaSZ, Enter the wild world of Ron Popeil..., Are smartphones the future of healthcare? , Did you miss Thursday's Rock Center with Brian Williams?
Want to see it again?

You can watch the full episode here! - http://rockcenter.co/WVyO1V, Inside the shockingly normal life of a 9-year-old Oscar nominee, Tonight's Rock Center with Brian Williams begins now! We hope you join us!

Watching? Join the conversation and tell us what you think!, Justin Cece and Katie Reimchen hard at work editing together tonight's Rock Center with Brian Williams.

Luckily, we like our work., Thumbs up!

9-year-old Best Actress nominee Quvenzhané Wallis and her Beasts of the Southern Wild co-star Dwight Henry speak with Ann Curry tonight on Rock Center with Brian Williams tonight at 10/9c!, This iPhone doubles as a heart monitor, and it may have already saved a life.

Is mobile health the future? Learn more about it tonight on Rock Center at 10/9c., Tonight on Rock Center at 10/9c, Ted Koppel talks to the man behind the decision to put women in combat.

What do you think about the decision? , Ron Popeil taught Brian Williams how to deep fry this turkey using one of his inventions. Have you ever purchased something sold by the legendary pitchman?

But wait, there's more... tonight on Rock Center at 10/9c!

Sneak peek: http://rockcenter.co/WQzGVC, The youngest Oscar nominee, 9-year-old Quvenzhané Wallis of Beasts of the Southern Wild, talks with Ann Curry about stardom... and loving Justin Bieber.

Ann Curry’s full report airs Thursday at 10/9c on Rock Center with Brian Williams!

Sneak peek - http://rockcenter.co/WPQax8, Dr. Nancy Snyderman wants to know: If you could install a tiny chip in your fingertip that could easily and harmlessly track your health information, would you?

Learn more about mobile health on Rock Center with Brian Williams Thursday at 10/9c., In a rare in-depth television interview, Gen. Martin Dempsey, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, discusses the lessons learned from the Petraeus scandal.  

Dempsey tells Rock Center with Brian Williams Special Correspondent Ted Koppel that the scandal has made him reevaluate how he examines both competence and character within the ranks.

Watch the full conversation Thursday at 10pm/9CDT on Rock Center., Brian Williams takes a tour around the kitchen with legendary television pitchman Ron Popeil, and is given a first look at the "salesman of the century's" newest invention. 

Here's a hint: you will never look at turkey the same way again.

SNEAK PEEK: http://rockcenter.co/VWdqew, null, This week on Rock Center with Brian Williams:

-- Ann Curry talks with the cast of Beasts of the Southern Wild, including 9-year-old Quvenzhane Wallis, the youngest to ever be nominated for a Best Actress Oscar.

-- Dr. Nancy Snyderman highlights Dr. Eric Topol and his contention that cell phones will make your healthcare much better and much cheaper.

-- Brian Williams takes a tour around the kitchen with legendary television pitchman Ron Popeil.

-- Ted Koppel sits down with General Martin Dempsey, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff., In the Kibera slums of Nairobi, one school for girls has become a lifeline for the community. , Did you miss last night's Rock Center with Brian Williams?

You can watch the show in its entirety here., Tonight's Rock Center begins now. 

Tonight, Oscar-winning director Paul Haggis shares what it is like to leave Scientology, Bob Costas talks with Brian Williams live about the Lance Armstrong confession, Chelsea Clinton reports about a life-changing school in Kenya, and Rock Bottom.

We hope you join us!, The Church of Scientology has named Paul Haggis “The Hypocrite of Hollywood.” 

Why? 

Find out on tonight at 10/9c on Rock Center with Brian Williams., Chelsea Clinton spent time in Kibera covering how a couple's love story lead to a life-changing school in the Kenyan slum.

You can read what she wrote about the experience here: http://rockcenter.co/WLezT6

Watch the full report tonight on Rock Center with Brian Williams at 10/9c., Oscar-winning film director Paul Haggis says he was purposefully blind about Scientology. 

The church, however, says he’s a hypocrite.

Rock Center’s two-part report on Scientology airs Thursday, Jan. 17 at 10pm/9c., The Kibera Slums are home to Nairobi’s so-called forgotten children.

Kennedy Odede, who grew up in Kibera, and his American wife, Jessica, have started a school that is providing 100 girls living in the Kenyan slum with their best chance of beating hopelessness. 

Chelsea Clinton’s full report airs tonight at 10/9c on Rock Center with Brian Williams., Tonight on Rock Center: Harry Smith's exclusive interview with Paul Haggis.  The Oscar-winning writer and director of "Crash” opens up about what attracted him to Scientology and why he ultimately walked away from it after 34 years. 

Haggis says leaving the Church of Scientology was 'a treasonous act.'

Plus, Pulitzer Prize-winning author Lawrence Wright who wrote the new book 'Going Clear: Scientology, Hollywood and The Prison of Belief,' and former members of the Church of Scientology who say they were pressured to abort their child and were punished when they chose not to. The church denies the allegations., In an interview about his new book, “Going Clear: Scientology, Hollywood, and the Prison of Belief,” Pulitzer-prize winning author Lawrence Wright says “An atmosphere of fear” surrounds Scientology.

Church officials, however, say his book is “an error filled, unsubstantiated, bigoted, anti-Scientology book.”

Whom do you believe?

Rock Center’s report on Scientology airs Thursday at 10pm/9c., "It's a cult, of course it is," Oscar-winning film director Paul Haggis says of Scientology.

The church, however, calls him "The Hypocrite of Hollywood" and says he hasn't been an active member for years.

The most famous Scientologist to ever leave the church and speak out publicly discusses his experiences exclusively with Rock Center on Thursday at 10/9c.

Sneak Peek: http://rockcenter.co/TZ1xUT, "I was ashamed of my own stupidity, of how I'd been, could have been so purposely blind for so many years." 

- Director Paul Haggis on Scientology, Are you watching Rock Center with us tonight?

What do you think so far?, A real first kid and a faux first kid hang out at a faux Oval Office.

Tonight on Rock Center at 10pm/9c, NBC's Jenna Bush Hager talks life in the White House with Josh Gad, who plays the first son in the new NBC comedy 1600 Penn., Do you think penalties for texting and driving should be as harsh as penalties for drunk driving?

Kate Snow tackles the issue tonight on Rock Center at 10/9c., Jenna Bush Hager and 1600 Penn's Josh Gad dish about White House living -- both true and fiction -- tonight on Rock Center with Brian Williams at 10/9c.

Here's a sneak peek! - http://rockcenter.co/UQ4YzK, NBC's Natalie Morales and Dr. James Levine, a leading obesity expert, discuss the topic of sitting too much and how harmful it can be to your health.

Watch the full segment on Rock Center Thursday night at 10pm/9c!, Live now, Rock Center's Natalie Morales & the Mayo Clinic's Dr. James Levine are chatting about the surprising and growing health risk, sitting. 

Have questions for them? Ask us here or in the chat!, Is sitting the new smoking?

In one hour, Rock Center's Natalie Morales and the Mayo Clinic's Dr. James Levine will be how it could be in a live video chat.

We hope you join us!, “Sitting all day long is literally killing us.” 

- Dr. James Levine, Sitting too much is harmful for your health.

Rock Center's Natalie Morales, the Mayo Clinic's Dr. James Levine and two additional guests will discuss the danger and what you can do to protect yourself in a live video chat Wednesday evening at 6pm/7c.

We hope you can join us! - http://bit.ly/11dzvcv, How often do you text and drive?, One morning in 2010, Dave Muslovski was struck and killed by a 19-year-old driver.

A week later, his family learned the cause of the accident that killed Muslovski: texting and driving.

His killer only received 45 days in jail., null, Did you miss Thursday's Rock Center? Want to catch up?

You can watch the full hour here., Tonight's Rock Center with Brian Williams begins now.

We hope you join us!, “I should have felt guilty. He was married to Mrs. Kennedy, but I didn’t at the time feel guilty because I think I felt this closeness to him.” 

- Former White House intern Mimi Alford, on her proclaimed affair with President John F. Kennedy. 

Tonight on Rock Center, 10/9c., “It wasn't a romantic affair. I don’t really remember the president ever kissing me and it, that makes me sad.  I don’t remember really kissing him either and I think really that I didn't, I certainly didn't learn how to have a real relationship through that relationship.” -- Mimi Alford  

Tonight on Rock Center, 10/9c., What the fiscal cliff deal means for you:, null, null, How did you do?, Tonight's Rock Center with Brian Williams begins now.

Tonight, we revisit the Situation Room during the raid on Osama bin Laden's compound.

We hope you join us!, Looking forward to Zero Dark Thirty? Here's an inside look into what really happened on the night Osama Bin Laden was killed.

We revisit our groundbreaking access to the Situation Room tonight at 10/9c.

(Photo credit: Pete Souza/The White House), No one is more surprised at the success of "Downton Abbey" than its own creator and writer, Julian Fellowes.

He talks about season 3 here: http://rockcenter.co/U9mlGn, Since Sunday, more than 167,000 messages about the random acts of kindess movement Ann Curry began, #26Acts, have been shared on social media.

Kindness has been spreading across the globe, from foreign countries including Australia, Russia, Finland, Austria and Afghanistan.

Are you in? - http://rockcenter.co/USPGok, Pastor Rick Warren has updated his book, "The Purpose Driven Life,” for a younger generation based on feedback he’s received in the 10 years since it was published., Miss yesterday's Rock Center with Brian Williams?

You can watch the episode online here., Richard Engel and his crew came to to speak with Savannah Guthrie on Rock Center with Brian Williams immediately getting off the plane from Turkey. 

Tune in to hear their story of capture, captivity and freedom in Syria tonight at 10/9c., Two hours until air, and Ann Curry is still hard at work on her segment about #26Acts!, "When I heard Dr. Mark Hyman remark in January 2012 that Rev. Rick Warren’s Saddleback Church congregation had lost collectively more than 250,000 pounds in a year, I thought I must have heard him incorrectly." - Chelsea Clinton

Read her whole blog about her interview with Reverend Rick Warren and his faith based diet plan here, and tune into Rock Center with Brian Williams at 10/9c to see the entire interview!, Tonight, Richard Engel and his crew sit down with Brian Williams to tell their story of captivity and to recount being freed five days after they were taken prisoner in Syria.

Tune in to Rock Center with Brian Williams at 10/9c to hear the full interview., Saddleback Church Pastor Rick Warren has developed a faith-based fitness and diet plan that's helped his congregation lose a collective 269,000 pounds.

Rock Center Special Correspondent Chelsea Clinton's full report airs Thursday at 10/9c, but you can get a sneak peek here!, Are you participating in Ann Curry's #26Acts of Kindness mission?

Want your good deeds to be even more contagious?

Share videos using the link below, and you may be featured on Rock Center with Brian Williams!, “You’ve been in my office, it ain’t a factory.  It is an artist studio.  I’m deeply involved.  I’m doing this thing seven days a week."

- James Patterson, when asked about his work with co-authors 

For more, turn into Rock Center with Brian Williams Thursday at 10/9c!, Caption this!, From Alex Cross to Michael Bennett to the Women's Murder Club, crime and thriller author James Patterson is behind characters that have become household names. 

The world's bestselling author lets Rock Center with Brian Williams into his home office and talked about the controversy over whether his use of co-authors takes away from the merit of his work. 

Rock Center's Harry Smith's full report airs Thursday, Dec. 20 at 10pm/9CT. - http://rockcenter.co/VPxwUg, Sometimes, dogs truly are man -- and child's -- best friend., null, "Growing up in Newtown was beautiful and simple. But this new Newtown is complicated.", What would happen if we all committed to 20 acts of kindness to honor each child lost in Newtown?

NBC News's Ann Curry asked just that. Then, something amazing happened., “God has called them all home. For those of us who remain, let us find the strength to carry on, and make our country worthy of their memory.

“Charlotte. Daniel. Olivia. Josephine. Ana. Dylan. Madeleine. Catherine. Chase. Jesse. James. Grace. Emilie. Jack. Noah. Caroline. Jessica. Benjamin. Avielle. Allison.”

– President Barack Obama at the vigil for the shooting victims Sunday in Newtown, Connecticut

More: http://on.today.com/XznoQI, null, An elementary school student recalls the terrifying moments following sounds of shots fired at her Connecticut elementary school, saying “teachers told us to go in the corner so we all huddled.”, UPDATE: Second person has been taken into custody with a possible connection to the school shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, CT., null, If you missed Meredith Vieira's report Thursday night about the Magic Tree House series and author Mary Pope Osborne, watch it here!, Brian Williams' exclusive interview with Ambassador Susan Rice starts now on Rock Center with Brian Williams.

Tune in!, UN Envoy Susan Rice did want the job of secretary of state, but felt that it was best for the country and for President Barack Obama that she withdraw her name as a candidate.

For more of her exclusive interview with Brian Williams, tune into Rock Center with Brian Williams tonight at 10/9c., In an exclusive interview, Ambassador Susan Rice tells Brian Williams that she didn't want her nomination to result in a prolonged and politicized confirmation process.

Watch the full interview on Rock Center with Brian Williams tonight at 10pm/9c., EXCLUSIVE: 

Ambassador Susan Rice sits down with Brian Williams for an interview about her decision to drop out of the running to become the next secretary of state.

Tonight on Rock Center with Brian Williams, 10pm/9c., Embattled U.N. envoy Susan Rice is dropping out of the running to be the next secretary of state after months of criticism over her Benghazi comments, she told NBC News on Thursday.

She will sit down with Brian Williams tonight for an exclusive interview on Rock Center with Brian Williams tonight at 10/9c., This kitty is is looking forward to the Rock Center with Brian Williams profile of Chobani tonight at 10p/9c. 

Are you?, For this 9-year-old, it's simple:

"The more you read, the better you get."

Learn more about how the wildly popular series "Magic Tree House" is encouraging children to read tonight on Rock Center with Brian Williams at 10pm/9c., You've been eating Chobani wrong.

Seriously. Watch to the end., Since launching in 2007, Chobani has grown into a $1 billion business, according to CEO Hamdi Ulukaya, with no signs of slowing down.

Here's how: http://rockcenter.co/12lwRPU, Mary Pope Osborne is one of the most successful children’s authors in the world. Her popular series, "Magic Tree House" has 48 installments, and has been translated into 32 languages, with sales of more than 100 million copies worldwide.  

Her legions of adoring fans, who are mostly in the 6-10 year old age range, consider her a rock star., Ever wonder how The Hobbit director Peter Jackson makes Gandalf seem so tall?

In this web exclusive, the director gives Ann Curry a behind-the-scenes look at his studio and reveals secrets about his filmmaking process., How did you find out if your child was going to be a boy or girl?

Excited parents-to-be, Kiera Davis and Colin Griffith, are one of a growing number of expectant couples planning gender reveal parties, where they learn along with their friends and family whether they’re having a boy or a girl.

Read more: http://rockcenter.co/UnVTHx, Ever struggled to find a card that fit you or your friends?

One woman turned her struggle into a business. Meet Allyson Morehead, founder of Sweet Potato Paper, a multicultural inspired stationery line. 

Read more: http://rockcenter.co/TL1s45, The view of the Rock Center Christmas Tree from our office screening room tonight.

Wishing you a great weekend., Brian Williams will be answering your questions about his interview with Apple CEO Tim Cook with The Verge's Joshua Topolsky during a special live stream at 11:30/10:30c.

Post your questions for them the comments!, Peter Jackson had Bag End built into a hill on his property. Ann Curry got to see it when she interviewed The Hobbit's director for tonight's episode.

Check it out!

Less than two hours until this week's Rock Center with Brian Williams begins on the East Coast! Will you be watching?, Peter Jackson's advice to future filmmakers is simple:

If you want to make a movie, “go get a camera and start making a film."

Hear more from The Hobbit director during his interview with Ann Curry tonight during Rock Center with Brian Williams at 10/9c!, Did Apple CEO Tim Cook give Brian Williams a clue into the future of Apple?

“When I go into my living room and turn on the TV, I feel like I have gone backwards in time by 20 to 30 years,” Cook told Williams during an exclusive interview, airing tonight at 10pm/9c.

“It’s an area of intense interest. I can’t say more than that.” - http://rockcenter.co/WLqzo7

(Photo credit: NBC News), Most films are filmed at 24 frames per second, but director Peter Jackson just upped the ante. 

He filmed The Hobbit at double the speed. Here's why., Check out how New Zealand stamped Ann Curry's passport. Neat!

She snapped this photo after visiting the country to interview film director Peter Jackson on the set of The Hobbit. Check out her report on Rock Center with Brian Williams tonight at 10pm/9c!, Apple announces it will manufacture an existing line of Macs in U.S. next year.  Will it save the economy?  MORE: http://rockcenter.co/11JJzss Watch Brian Williams full interview with Apple CEO Tim Cook tonight 10pm/9c on NBC's Rock Center with Brian Williams, Ever wonder what it’s like to visit Hobbiton? Ann Curry traveled to New Zealand for Thursday night’s exclusive profile of  “The Hobbit" Director Peter Jackson. Read more: http://rockcenter.co/VnFQKB, It’s a difficult, but important conversation to have with loved ones—if facing death, how do you want to spend the rest of your days? Experts say that talking about death can actually help prolong one’s quality of life. Read more: http://rockcenter.co/THK8wt Harry Smith’s full report airs Thursday, Dec. 6 at 10pm/9c on NBC., EXCLUSIVE: Apple CEO Tim Cook talks with Brian Williams in his first television interview airing Thurs., Dec. 6 on Rock Center with Brian Williams (Photo credit: Ronnie Polidoro / NBC News), From Justin Bieber’s overalls to an excited Texas A&M University football fan. Brian Williams wraps up the week with a look back at what has people talking., Tonight 10pm/9c on NBC's Rock Center with Brian Williams:  Mary Carillo's exclusive story on former NFL players Husain and Hamza Abdullah., Would you leave a million-dollar paycheck for a spiritual journey? Watch Mary Carillo's exclusive, full report, "Leap of Faith" tonight at 10pm/9c on NBC's Rock Center with Brian Williams, Meet the Kennard sisters, 3 of the more than a million school-aged children who are homeless. Ann Curry's full report on the growing number of working families becoming homeless airs Thursday at 10pm/9c on NBC. Read more: http://rockcenter.co/YqTdA9, Are you and your family uploading any Thanksgiving memories to YouTube? See how one man turned his family’s videos into a profit-making brand. Read more: http://rockcenter.co/UM0x2q, What is the White House's link to 'Downton Abbey'? Brian Williams wraps up the week with a look back at what has people talking., Tonight 10/9c: Search for world's most dangerous man leads authorities to Yemen MORE: http://rockcenter.co/XcNezv, Jailed for fraud, borrower wonders why he was targeted.  MORE: http://rockcenter.co/SMdppx Watch Rock Center's Harry Smith has the full report Thurs. at 10pm/9c on NBC., Here is Lieutenant Sam Brown's Humvee after IED blast.  Doctor prescribes a video game to ease Sam's pain.  STORY: http://rockcenter.co/TBmSim Watch Natalie Morales' full report Thursday 10/9c on NBC's Rock Center with Brian Williams., Presidential envy? 'Official' jackets now politically trendy PHOTOBLOG: http://rockcenter.co/SRyDVz, When shopping, do you search for products made in the U.S.A? American manufacturers say that they are in the midst of a comeback. Full report tonight at 10pm/9c on NBC’s Rock Center with Brian Williams., Is it possible to become addicted to the Internet? Go inside a rehab facility treating people claiming to be Internet addicts. Full report tonight at 10pm/9c on NBC’s Rock Center with Brian Williams., We have compiled a list of our stories from this year's election.  Follow Rock Center's yearlong coverage from the campaign trail: http://rockcenter.co/UgPUdQ We hope you join Brian Williams and the NBC Politics team tonight live from Democracy Plaza starting at 7 P.M. Eastern., "I want to go home, but there's no home. I can't go home. And that's killing me." Phyllis Puglia told NBC's Ann Curry., Many of you have asked how you can help the hurricane relief effort. We've posted a list online, along with tonight's special broadcast. http://rockcenter.co/Txt6Ea, It's been a tough five days for people affected by Hurricane Sandy. Tonight at 10pm/9c, Brian Williams anchors a special edition of Rock Center. Tom Brokaw, Ann Curry, Richard Engel, Savannah Guthrie, Natalie Morales and Harry Smith present stories of resilience and recovery amidst the ruin., Want the latest on the fallout from Hurricane Sandy? Tune in tonight at 10pm/9 CDT for an NBC News Special anchored by Brian Williams. We will be livestreaming on NBCNews.com as well. (Photo: AP), Who is the man behind the lens?, What issues are important to you in this election? Here's a short preview of Brian Williams' interviews conducted over two days with President Obama. The entire profile airs tonight at 10pm/9c. VIDEO: http://rockcenter.co/VrhUXh, Do you believe the allegations against Lance Armstrong? A former friend speaks out tonight at 10pm/9c on Rock Center. STORY: http://rockcenter.co/P65y8T, Exclusive: President Obama says tight race doesn't surprise him, despite accomplishments STORY: http://rockcenter.co/QGzIhl  Brian Williams' full behind-the-scenes profile of the campaign airs Thurs., Oct. 25 at 10pm/9c on NBC., Follow us on Twitter, @RockCenterNBC, for a live photo stream of Brian Williams' 2-day campaign profile of President Obama - http://twitter.com/rockcenternbc, How can a video game treat pain better than morphine? NBC's Natalie Morales travels into SnowWorld. Story: http://rockcenter.co/TTzpOQ, Do you remember our report about chimpanzees who spend their lives in research labs? NBC's Lisa Myers and producer Diane Beasley have this update:, Did you feel the earth move on 10/16/2012? Watch our latest segment of 'Rock Bottom' where Brian Williams reviews the news you may have missed this week., What's behind the growing trend of high school & college students taking Adderall and other ADHD medications to help them get better grades? Kate Snow investigates 'The Study Drug' tonight at 10pm/9c. Video: http://rockcenter.co/RFAxFX, Tonight we travel to the Indonesian island of Sumatra where orangutans are at risk as their habitat is being illegally slashed to make way for palm oil plantations. Click for video preview: http://rockcenter.co/QwGhRg, Do you wear Tory Burch? Tell us why. MORE: http://rockcenter.co/T0mUzW, In eight years, Tory Burch has built a $2 billion fashion empire. Burch describes her company’s rise and her ability to design what women want. , Rock Center’s Kate Snow investigates the growing misuse of Adderall by college students to give them a boost in the classroom. MORE: http://rockcenter.co/QpVVQD, ROCK CENTER THU 10/9c: Demand for palm oil, used in packaged food products like instant noodles, cookies, and ice cream, leaves orangutans at risk   STORY/VIDEO: http://rockcenter.co/S02R8i  (Photo: NBC News), Go with Richard Engel to a land that time forgot -- Raja Ampat, the four main islands off the West Papuan mainland in Indonesia surrounded by 1,500 smaller islands. Day #5 of Hidden Planet week is online now. Click below:, ALL-NEW Hidden Planet with Richard Engel. Go inside the Church of the Holy Sepulchre in Jerusalem.  The church was built to wrap around the holy sites where Christians believe Jesus Christ was crucified, buried, and resurrected., It's 'Hidden Planet Week' at www.RockCenterNBC.com - Catch up on previous webisodes before we premiere a new one on Thursday!, What do you think of Adele's new '007' song, 'Skyfall?', How meta? Go behind the scenes and meet the folks at Facebook., Have you or a loved one served in Iraq or Afghanistan? Tonight, Rock Center reports on the growing psychological toll of war on our veterans.  Read more: http://rockcenter.co/PAWFzJ, If you're reading this, you're one of them! Facebook has reached one billion users. Matt Lauer's exclusive interview with Mark Zuckerberg tonight at 10pm/9c., Who is the most important person watching tonight's debate? Meet George Manukas: http://rockcenter.co/RBd1MB (Photo credit: AP), Would you be more or less productive at work if there were dogs around?  At The Daily Show with Jon Stewart, every day is bring your dog to work day., Are you aware of the epidemic of sexual assault in the military? Tonight at 10pm/9c, rape victims speak out and the Secretary of Defense responds to Rock Center. Story: http://rockcenter.co/PIkSGo, Do you know someone living with Asperger’s? The Finch family is learning to adapt after Illinois husband and father David Finch discovered he had Asperger’s Syndrome when he was 31. Kate Snow’s full report airs Thursday at 10pm/9c on NBC’S Rock Center., Read any of the Fifty Shades of Grey trilogy? The craze surrounding the books has sparked an economic boom in one Maine town. Harry Smith’s full report airs Thursday on NBC’s Rock Center at 10pm/9c., Did you know Emmy-nominated star Steve Buscemi didn't set out to be an actor? Watch Brian Williams' interview with Boardwalk Empire's leading man., Has partisan media turned into an ugly war of words? Here's Ted Koppel's look at the role of media in politics from last night's Rock Center with Brian Williams., Are you too trusting? People in Dixon, Illinois are asking that question after an alleged $53 million fraud by a well-liked woman in town. Share your thoughts as Harry Smith reports tonight at 10pm/9c., Medical care can extend lives, but should it?  More here: http://rockcenter.co/PAcLLM  Rock Center’s full report airs Thursday, Sept. 20 at 10pm/9c on NBC., Steve Buscemi has starred in Fargo, The Big Lebowski, The Wedding Singer, Armageddon, Con Air, and many more. Which one is your favorite? Tell us below., Did you watch the season premiere of HBO's Boardwalk Empire last night?  Brian Williams visited the set for an upcoming profile on actor Steve Buscemi.  While on set, Buscemi taught Brian how to fight 'Boardwalk' style.  Watch the full profile Thursday, Sept. 20 at 10pm/9c on NBC., From the story behind the photo of the arrested couple kissing, to the new iPhone 5 and its charger, to animals photo bombing, here's Rock Center Anchor Brian Williams and his week in review., During his interview with Ryan Seacrest, Justin Bieber says he wants to prove he's not just another teen heart throb and showcase himself as musician with his latest record, "Believe.", Rock Center asked members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints about the impact of Mitt Romney's campaign on their lives and their church. MORE: http://rockcenter.co/PzOK9j, Rock Center Anchor and Managing Editor Brian Williams previews tonight’s hour-long look at the Mormon faith, ‘Mormon in America.’ Tune into NBC at 10pm/9c., Costco or Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day-Saints storehouse? STORY: http://rockcenter.co/NF1xbJ Watch Rock Center's hour-long special, 'Mormon in America,' Thurs, Aug. 23rd at 10pm/9c on NBC., Meet Al and Juleen Jackson- a modern, Mormon love story. The Jackson family’s story will be on Rock Center’s hour-long look at the Mormon faith, ‘Mormon in America,’ airing Thursday, Aug. 23 at 10pm/9c on NBC., What questions do you have about the Mormon religion? We’ll try to answer them Thursday on Rock Center’s hour-long special, Mormon in America, airing at 10pm/9c on NBC., Need a fun way to start your weekend? Brian Williams brings you the news you may have missed this week...including that Scrabble cheating scandal., Narconon, the Scientology-linked drug rehab program, has come under fire after three deaths in the last year at its flagship facility. Narconon’s methods include spending up to five hours a day in a sauna for 30 days straight and taking mega doses of the vitamin, Niacin.  Harry Smith’s full report airs tonight at 10pm/9c on NBC., null, Ann Romney on controversy about taxes and blind trust fund - FULL STORY: http://rockcenter.co/RVGAcY, null, Ever heard of Narconon? It’s a drug rehab program linked to Scientology.  The program has come under fire after three mysterious deaths in the last year., Check out our Olympic profiles of Gabby Douglas, Usain Bolt, Cullen Jones, Oscar Pistorius, and more. Let us know who you'll be cheering on!, Harry Potter, Jurassic Park, Star Wars, Jaws, the list goes on and on.  Which John Williams film score is your favorite?, One week later: 12 dead and 58 injured, the survivors and their families are struggling with growing medical bills.  MORE: http://rockcenter.co/P4hQIQ, Have you heard any of the rumored attractions for the London 2012 opening ceremony?  Tonight at 10/9c Meredith Vieira goes behind the scenes of the biggest show on the planet.  FULL STORY: http://rockcenter.co/PvQY8F, Did you know African-American kids are nearly three times more likely to drown than other children? Olympic swimmer Cullen Jones is on a mission to change that. Read more: http://rockcenter.co/MmeQsw, Which event are you looking forward to at the Olympics? The Rock Center team is heading across the pond for a special edition of Rock Center on Thursday night. Watch this video and go behind the scenes of our shoot with gymnast Gabby Douglas., Are you concerned by the trend of rising debt held by college students? Tonight at 10pm/9c, Natalie Morales looks into claims that 'for-profit' schools aren't worth the money. Full story: http://rockcenter.co/MuRzFo, Will you be rooting for U.S. Gymnast Gabby Douglas at the London Olympics? Douglas, 16, is training hard for the Games, but shockingly, she almost gave up on her Olympic dream a few months ago., Romney sons defend dad, say goofiness is part of his charm. FULL STORY: http://rockcenter.co/SF6uzM, Remember when presidential contender Mitt Romney said “guffawing” on the campaign trail? Romney’s five sons talk about that moment and what they call their dad’s “corny jokes.”, Need a fun way to start your weekend? Brian Williams brings you the news you may have missed this week., Do you know the laws of the seas? Tonight at 10pm/9c see how survivors of the Costa Concordia cruise ship disaster are learning about their rights the hard way. STORY: http://rockcenter.co/Mne8fb, Have you been following the Tom Cruise/Katie Holmes divorce? Rock Center talked to a former Church of Scientology member who claims that he helped Cruise during his divorce from actress Nicole Kidman and that the church tried to turn Kidman’s two children with Cruise against her. The church and Cruise have refuted the statements. Read more: http://rockcenter.co/OxVJvd, Do you remember the cruise ship that ran aground off Italy? It's been six months since the accident. Thursday on Rock Center, Harry Smith talks to survivors about their new battle., Did you watch fireworks on the 4th? Here's a behind-the-scenes look at how Macy's puts on the show., What's being done to help babies born addicted to prescription medication? Here's an early look at Kate Snow's report airing tonight at 10pm/9c. http://rockcenter.co/OuwCN5, Are you watching 4th of July fireworks tonight? Before you do, look beyond the sky and travel into space as Harry Smith visits an observatory at the top of the world. Full story: http://rockcenter.co/Nyifmg, How do you make a kite cam? Go behind the scenes to see how Rock Center got high-flying kite shots at Oregon’s Lincoln City Summer Kite Festival., The prescription pill epidemic in the United States is impacting an increasing number of babies. Newborns are experiencing withdrawal symptoms from the painkillers their mothers are addicted to., Need a good laugh? Here's Brian Williams' take on the stories you probably missed this week., Who is stealing ancient artifacts? NBC's Richard Engel is on assignment in Egypt for Rock Center tonight at 10pm/9c. Read his producer's blog here: http://rockcenter.co/MCCiCZ, They lost their son to suicide, now they tell NBC's Lester Holt they've changed their view of homosexuality. Here's a preview of Rock Center's exclusive interview with Tyler Clementi's parents airing Thursday at 10pm/9c: http://rockcenter.co/Mqkk8E, Who's guarding Egypt's ancient treasures? Thursday on Rock Center, Richard Engel goes searching for answers. Here's a video preview:, What's it like being the right-hand man for a presidential candidate? Mitt Romney's 'body man' gave Rock Center a look behind the scenes. Here's the video:, Tonight at 10pm/9c, watch one woman's story of resilience in the wake of unimaginable loss. Matt Lauer talks to Madonna Badger, whose parents and daughters were killed in a house fire on Christmas., The Jerry Sandusky case has gone to the jury. Tonight at 10pm/9c, one of Sandusky's accusers who did not testify in the trial speaks out in an exclusive interview. Preview Kate Snow's report: http://rockcenter.co/NZDVyn, Are you excited for screenwriter Aaron Sorkin’s return to television with HBO’s The Newsroom? From the set of his new show, Sorkin describes how he honed his famous writing style and takes NBC’s Savannah Guthrie on a walk and talk fit for one of his characters., Ever wonder what it's like inside the secretive nation of North Korea? NBC News Chief Foreign Correspondent Richard Engel gives you a rare look in this month's edition of Hidden Planet., From the death of the real 'Goodfella' to a machine that vends pizza, see Brian Williams’ take on the news you may have missed this week., Do you think people should be compensated for donating bone marrow? Meet Doreen Flynn, a mom of three girls with bone marrow disease, who is fighting to change federal law that forbids bone marrow donors from being paid. Read more: http://rockcenter.co/LTLbGn, Did you use to watch Murphy Brown? Now she's on Broadway. Candice Bergen tells Rock Center's Harry Smith that eight performances a week is something that keeps her sane. STORY: http://rockcenter.co/LE1V8b, null, Enough vinyl to make 50,000 records covers a Chicago intersection.  Tell us what you think about this public art project., From the beverage drama in the Big Apple to those Siri commercials from Apple, see Brian Williams’ take on the news you may have missed this week., Want to know what's on Rock Center tonight? Here's Brian Williams with a preview of our all-new Thursday show, starting at 10pm/9c. We hope you'll tune in., How can a man without legs race in the Olympics? Meet Oscar Pistorius tomorrow night when Rock Center returns at 10pm/9c. Preview: http://rockcenter.co/La11vR, Have you been following our reporting about the concussion crisis in girls' soccer? Rock Center returns this Thursday at 10pm/9c with a report from Kate Snow about whether head gear actually prevents injuries. Full story: http://rockcenter.co/My6xxZ, Ever thought of who, if anyone, should inherit your online accounts when you pass away? Meet the Stassens. They are fighting to access their dead son’s online accounts, including his Facebook account. Read the full story: http://rockcenter.co/M7xmpN, Have you seen today's Google Doodle celebrating modern day synthesizer pioneer Robert Moog?  Well the first synthesizer was so big it had its own room.  Watch David Brinkley's 1961 report on how rock and roll was allegedly dying after the birth of electronic music., How would you react if marijuana was being grown in your neighborhood? As Current TV's Adam Yamaguchi reports in Rock Center's first online netcast, police say growers are hiding behind medical marijuana laws that make it legal. MORE: http://rockcenter.co/L9CHZL, Mark your calendars: We're off tonight, but returning on our new night and time: Thursday, June 7, at 10pm/9c. In the meantime we'll be posting all-new digital editions of Rock Center on our website and Facebook. Check in tomorrow for our first online netcast., Could you pick the suspect out of a police lineup? See the results of our mock police photo lineup test: http://rockcenter.co/KH6yfo, Should heading be banned from youth soccer?, Are you a soccer parent or played soccer as a kid? There’s a growing number of young female soccer players getting concussions on the field. Read more: http://rockcenter.co/KM1wvd, Racehorse Neville Bardos cheats death and jockeys for a position on U.S. Olympic team STORY: http://rockcenter.co/K8RGYO Watch Harry Smith's full report, 'Clearing Hurdles,' tomorrow, May 9 at 9/8c on NBC's Rock Center with Brian Williams, What's your impression of the White House Situation Room?, Behind the scenes photos of Rock Center's hour-long special, "Inside the Situation Room."  Watch the full report: http://rockcenter.co/IxTTLY, Do you remember where you were when you heard Osama bin Laden was killed? Tonight at 9pm/8c on Rock Center, Brian Williams talks exclusively to President Obama about what he describes as the "most important single day" of his presidency. STORY: http://rockcenter.co/IpCKVZ, PREVIEW: President Barack Obama, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Admiral Mike Mullen describe the tense moments during the night of the bin Laden raid.  Watch the hour-long special, "Inside the Situation Room," Wednesday, May 2 at 9/8c on NBC's Rock Center with Brian Williams, We've got your first sneak peek of Rock Center’s upcoming special, “Inside the Situation Room,” airing this Wednesday at 9 pm/8 c. President Barack Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton describe the tense moments spent in the White House Situation Room during the raid against Osama bin Laden., Exclusive: As the first anniversary of Osama bin Laden’s death nears, Brian Williams interviewed Pres. Obama from the Situation Room, the most secure and secret part of the White House. Williams talked to the president about the mission to target bin Laden as part of an upcoming Rock Center special, “Inside the Situation Room,” airing Wednesday, May 2 at 9pm/8c.  Read more: http://rockcenter.co/KhbpA3 Photo credit: Pete Souza / White House Photographer, Have you ever participated in a Broadway lottery?  Rock Center stopped by The Book of Mormon and saw that its lottery has become a show of its own., Do you shop at Costco?  Do you end up buying more than what's on your shopping list?  STORY: http://rockcenter.co/JnJKB2  Watch Carl Quintanilla's full report, 'Inside the Box,' tonight at 9/8c on Rock Center with Brian Williams , Did you know there are patients stuck living in hospitals because of health care laws? STORY: http://rockcenter.co/Ilp093 Kate Snow's full report airs Wednesday, April 25 at 9pm/8c on Rock Center with Brian Williams, Since our report in March, Greco-Roman wrestler Rulon Gardner lost 25lbs but was still 5lbs too heavy for the U.S. Olympic Team Trials., Remember our report on the growing epidemic of illegal rhino poaching in South Africa? We have a sad news to report on three of the rhinos featured in our report. Read more: http://rockcenter.co/Iae3Xz  , Are yams the secret to a runner's success? In case you missed it, here's Lester Holt's full report: http://rockcenter.co/J9ih7s, As Madonna gears up for another world tour, is she still the Queen of Pop? , Getting excited for the London 2012 Olympics? The 100 day countdown has begun.  Arguably no spotlight is greater than the one shining on Usain Bolt, the fastest man on the planet. Read more: http://rockcenter.co/J9ih7s, Is it hard being Madonna?  Watch Harry Smith's interview with Madonna Wed. April 18 at 9/8c on NBC's Rock Center with Brian Williams, 4-month presidential campaign with no television ads? Welcome to France. STORY: http://rockcenter.co/HLlJQV Watch Ted Koppel's full report on the French elections and how they compare to politics in America on Wednesday, April 18 at 9/8c on NBC's Rock Center., Remember our Rock Center investigation about Spain’s stolen children? We have an update to our report. This week, a Spanish nun refused to testify about her alleged role in a baby-trafficking network that operated over several decades. Read more: http://rockcenter.co/I8S9Xo, EXCLUSIVE 9PM/8c: Brian Williams talks LIVE with George Zimmerman's new attorney, Mark O'Mara. Zimmerman was charged with 2nd degree murder today in the death of Trayvon Martin. Trayvon's parents will also speak with Brian live during tonight's broadcast., New York City’s skyline is changing fast as iron workers nimbly build One World Trade Center. Some of the same people who cleared the steel in the wake of the 9/11 terrorist attacks are now building what will be the nation’s tallest tower. Read more: http://rockcenter.co/HAGOmf, The view from the 92nd floor of One World Trade Center. Rock Center's Harry Smith's exclusive airs Wednesday, April 11 at 9/8c on NBC. (Credit: NBC News), Tomorrow night on Rock Center: Scott Cohn investigates allegations that Remington, the oldest gun manufacturer in America, has ignored a potential defect in some of its rifles and shotguns. The company vehemently denies the allegations. Here's a video preview:, Rock Center producer Jay Kernis looks back on his years working with Mike Wallace, who died this weekend at age 93., Here's a fun way to start the holiday weekend. Check out this timelapse video of a Lego Master Builder constructing 'Rock Center' using Legos., How did we find the 1962 spring breakers? Watch this behind-the-scenes online exclusive:, Were you in Daytona Beach for spring break in 1962? Share your story in the comments section.  , Would you make a good eyewitness? Tonight at 10pm/9c NBC's Josh Mankiewicz looks at police lineups and whether some of the techniques being used have landed innocent people in prison. Here's a video preview:, Jin Xing is one China's biggest stars. She's a dancer, film star and talk show host, but it's her personal story that's made her a cultural icon in China. Jin was born a man. Read more: http://rockcenter.co/HcLJJX, Where in the world is Richard Engel? Inside the secret tunnels under Egypt's Step Pyramid. Check out this month's edition of 'Hidden Planet.'
, Many of you have asked us to post last night's report about feelings that the Trayvon Martin case has sparked. Here's the video:, Do you remember any of these political ads?  Meet the opposition researchers who dig up political dirt tonight at 10/9c on NBC's Rock Center with Brian Williams, Tonight on Rock Center: Facing few options, Americans turn to pawn shops when savings run out. FULL STORY: http://rockcenter.co/HeN8Jy, Ever heard of opposition research? Oppo researchers discover the dirt that is slung on the presidential campaign trail.  This election year's oppo researchers predict a long slog. Read more here: http://rockcenter.co/GVxLeF  , Which historical events are you most looking forward to seeing on AMC's Mad Men? ALSO: Watch Brian Williams' full behind-the-scenes report on Mad Men's new season: http://rockcenter.co/GJqBqf , How far would you go to achieve the American Dream? Meet the Americans moving to China to start small businesses., Will Rulon Gardner go for gold again this summer? Tonight, Harry Smith profiles the gold medal winner who opens up about the challenges he's facing as he tries to lose weight and fight for a place in the Olympics. Here's a preview of our story airing at 10p/9c., Have you been a victim of online crime? Watch how a college class helped the FBI crack an international cybercrime case. NBC's Richard Engel reports tonight at 10pm/9c. Here's a preview: http://rockcenter.co/GJUhF0, Ever had your cell phone go off at an inopportune time or been annoyed by a seatmate who is texting next to you at the movie or theater? One Broadway show, Godspell, is actually making cell phones part of the theater experience. , Does British PM David Cameron dance around No.10 like Hugh Grant in 'Love Actually'?  Find out: , Are you excited for the return of Mad Men?  Rock Center received rare access behind the scenes to find out some of the show's production secrets.  More secrets next week, March 21 at 10pm/9c on NBC's  Rock Center with Brian Williams, null, Are you quick enough on your feet to try improv comedy? Amy Poehler returns to the UCB Theatre and warns Willie Geist that she's a little rusty., Have you been a host parent or traveled abroad as a foreign exchange student?  A Rock Center investigation has uncovered dozens of cases of the abuse and mistreatment of foreign exchange students by their American host parents.  Kate Snow’s full investigation, 'Culture Shock,' airs Wednesday, Mar. 14 at 10pm/9c on NBC’s Rock Center with Brian Williams, Do you recognize anyone in this 1962 special on spring break?  Watch the full NBC special "Where the Boys Went": http://rockcenter.co/AbKQWm, Do you agree with Tommy Jordan’s decision to shoot his daughter’s laptop? Weigh in below or on our website: http://rockcenter.co/yDBZXb, We go live on the East Coast in less than an hour.  Here's a sneak peek of Richard Engel's reporting from Japan's nuclear exclusion zone., Do you read Gawker daily? NBC News National Correspondent Jamie Gangel previews her Rock Center report, "The Gossip Merchant" airing Wednesday, Mar. 7 at 10pm/9c on NBC., Did you see Ann Curry's debut on Rock Center with Brian Williams last night? ALSO: Check out Ann's blog and personal photos here: http://rockcenter.co/y16xW8, Share your thoughts about the 24-year-old mayor of Ithaca, N.Y., Svante Myrick, whose personal life story is guiding his political career., Will there be a Russian Spring? With the approaching presidential election in Russia, more than one hundred thousand people marched two miles on a bitter Saturday afternoon with one single message: "Putin go away."  Watch Harry Smith's full report, "Russian Spring" tonight at 9/8c on NBC's Rock Center with Brian Williams., Meet 24-year-old Svante Myrick, the youngest mayor ever elected in the city of Ithaca, N.Y.  Myrick began his political career while still a college student. His early political success and humble upbringing have drawn comparisons to President Obama. , Check out the latest installment of Richard Engel's 'Hidden Planet' digital series. In this episode, Engel travels to Tanzania and visits with the Maasai and Hadza tribes.  Read more here: http://rockcenter.co/yS71H9, Wonder how Rock Center got so close to South Africa's rhinos? It involved a dozen cameras, 30 bags of equipment and a brave crew and correspondent. Check out this behind-the-scenes video.   , Is extreme skiing too extreme?  Watch Natalie Morales' full story, 'The Death Zone' tonight at 9/8c on NBC's Rock Center with Brian Williams., Did you know South Africa is home to three quarters of the last remaining rhinos on the planet? After incredibly successful conservation efforts, demand for lucrative rhino horn has led to a rapid rise in rhino poaching. The rise in poaching threatens the survival of the species. Harry Smith's full report airs Wednesday at 9pm/8c. , General Motors reported its highest annual profit ever today.  The automaker said its profit was $7.6 billion in 2011, a 62 percent increase from 2010.  GM allowed Rock Center cameras into its assembly plant in Flint, Michigan. See what it takes to build one truck. ALSO: Read more about GM's earnings: http://rockcenter.co/yXDRhP , How far have you been able to trace your family's roots? Tonight at 9p/8c, NBC's Ron Allen travels to west Africa, taking an unprecedented look at one family's history that dates back more than 250 years to a deserted slave trading post. Here's an exclusive web preview:, Back with a new 'Making a Difference' report tonight at 9pm/8c, Rock Center special correspondent Chelsea Clinton writes about 'The Learning Community' in this Facebook post:, Will Mimi Alford's story change your opinion of JFK? Tonight, the former White House intern tells Meredith Vieira about an affair with President Kennedy she says started in 1962. Meredith's exclusive interview airs tonight at 9pm/8c., Don't forget, this week Rock Center moves to Wednesday at 9pm/8c. Meredith Vieira makes her debut on the program. In the meantime, try to count how many Rock Center correspondents and anchors are in this Super Bowl video., Meredith Vieira gives a sneak peek of Rock Center’s first Wednesday show. Vieira spoke exclusively to Mimi Alford, a woman who says she had an affair with President John F. Kennedy when she was an intern at the White House in the 1960s.  Alford claims the affair lasted 18 months. , Where will you be next Wednesday night? In case you haven't heard, Rock Center is moving to Wednesdays at 9pm/8c. Same great team, new night and time., How'd we do that?  Behind the scenes of how we got close to the chimpanzees in last night's story.  ALSO: Check out Lisa Myers' full report, 'Ken & Rosie' here: http://rockcenter.co/yrO2kh, Have you heard of 'reverse outsourcing' or 'insourcing'? It's a new effort to bring manufacturing jobs back to the U.S. from China. Tonight, you'll meet a man who has actually done it. Here's a sneak peek:, Where do you stand on the debate about lab animals being used for research? NBC News Senior Investigative Correspondent Lisa Myers reports tonight at 10pm/9c. Full story: http://rockcenter.co/xOWW6o, Do you have what it takes to be a NBC News Campaign Embed?, Tonight at 9pm/8c we have a special edition of Rock Center. Brian Williams moderates the NBC News Republican Candidates Debate from Florida, followed by in-depth Rock Center reports. If you're away from the TV, watch live here on Facebook., Meet the newly appointed National Ambassador to Young People's Literature, Walter Dean Myers., Is this really what 'Girls Say'?  Brian Williams meets the man behind 'S#*& Girls Say.' Also, Brian Williams walks into a bar...You won't want to miss this online exclusive: http://rockcenter.co/xncmu2, What was your first reaction when you learned about the cruise ship accident in Italy? Rock Center's Harry Smith has an in-depth report with new footage and exclusive interviews tonight at 10p/9c., Are you playing a game right now on Facebook? Tonight at 10p/9c you'll get the first look at the virtual Brian Williams inside CityVille's virtual Rock Center. In this video, Kate Snow gets a sneak peek., Stephen Colbert for president? The Comedy Central host announced a run for president of the "United States of South Carolina" last night. Monday he'll be on Rock Center. Here's a clip from his interview. Full story: http://rockcenter.co/wtcOAZ, Where in the world is the real-life Farmville? Kate Snow traveled to San Francisco for a behind-the-scenes tour of Farmville headquarters as part of her exclusive story on social gaming giant Zynga airing Monday night., The books are fictional, but Percy Jackson's 'Camp Half-Blood' has been brought to life in Austin. In this video, Rock Center's Kate Snow takes you there and talks to the camp's creator., How much do you know about Mitt Romney's family in Mexico? His father was born there and, as it turns out, about 40 of his relatives still live south of the border. NBC's Mike Taibbi traveled to meet them for tonight's Rock Center., Did you know this week marks the two-year anniversary of Haiti's earthquake? NBC's Ron Allen has been following the story of two little girls for the past two years. Here's his video blog about tonight's story., We hope you're enjoying the weekend. If you're gathering clues to Percy Jackson author Rick Riordan's new book ahead of his profile on Rock Center tomorrow night, here's piece #3., How did this school teacher become a best-selling author? Most famous for his Percy Jackson series, Rick Riordan has sold more than 30 million books. Kate Snow talks to Riordan about his son's influence on his storytelling. Here's a sneak peek from Monday night's all-new Rock Center., Day Two of our 'sneak peek' at Percy Jackson author Rick Riordan's new book cover for The Kane Chronicles. Can you solve the puzzle before his appearance Monday night on Rock Center? (Here's link to preview: http://rockcenter.co/xoOmfv), Are you a fan of the Percy Jackson books? Author Rick Riordan is on Rock Center with Brian Williams on Monday to reveal the title and cover of his new installment of The Kane Chronicles. Each day we'll post a new piece of the cover. Can you solve the puzzle before Monday at 10pm/9c?, Ever wonder what it takes to clean up Times Square after the ball drops? We spent the night with cameras rolling to find out., There's a boom in Iowa but it has nothing to do with Tuesday's caucus. Real estate prices have taken off. Tonight, Rock Center's Harry Smith explains why. Here's a video preview., Did you know thousands of men in a small region of Honduras have been injured or killed diving for lobsters that are mostly sold to Americans? Here's Natalie Morales with a preview of her report airing tonight on Rock Center., What are your favorite "Saturday Night Live" political sketches? With the Iowa caucus taking place next week, two of SNL's best candidate impersonators, Fred Armisen & Darrell Hammond, will join Brian Williams on Monday night in the Rock Center studio., Did you take any awkward Christmas photos this weekend? In this video from last night's show, Brian Williams looks at the awkward holiday photo trend., Would you believe that sleep medication is actually helping some people recover after being in a coma? Meet Sam Goddard, awakening after several debilitating strokes, tonight at 10p/9c on Rock Center., Are you listening to holiday music this Christmas Eve? Learn the secrets of top-selling Christmas music group Mannheim Steamroller's success., Do you have a creative idea but not enough money to make it happen? On Monday, Kate Snow takes you behind the scenes of a 'crowd-funding' website called Kickstarter. What exactly is it? Here's a quick introduction., Go behind the scenes of Kate Snow's journey through Spain to meet some of the families who believe their children were stolen as infants., He went to a baseball game to support his team, but ended up being badly beaten by opposing fans in the parking lot. Tonight, as Bryan Stow works on his recovery, his friends reveal what happened that night., Can you imagine being told your newborn baby was dead, only to learn they had been stolen after birth while in the hospital? Here's a preview of Kate Snow's investigation, airing tonight at 10pm/9c., Brian Williams sits down with the 'parents' of Marcel the Shell to have a frank discussion on Marcel's gender., Many of you commented about the selfless work Annette Dove is doing in Arkansas to help kids and teens in Pine Bluff. In this web exclusive, see how Ms. Dove started the organization and why it's her life's calling to give back., Do you know who Marcel the Shell is?, Making a Difference: Tonight at 10pm/9c Chelsea Clinton makes her Rock Center debut, profiling a woman in Arkansas who has dedicated her life to helping kids and teens in her city. Here's Chelsea's blog about the TOPPS organization and Miss Annette Dove: http://rockcenter.co/sb7RPp, Which YouTube star is Brian Williams 'preparing' to interview?, Is the U.S. is really pulling out of Iraq? On Monday, Ted Koppel makes his debut appearance on Rock Center. He traveled to Iraq ahead of the U.S. military's withdrawal to answer that question. Here's a sneak peek., Before I die... _______ fill in the blank. What's one thing you want to accomplish?, Do you ever wonder where your gold comes from? Because of high demand there's a gold rush in West Africa, but some of those doing the work are just kids. Tonight at 10p/9c Richard Engel takes you to Mali, where the mining continues under harsh conditions. Full story: http://rockcenter.co/vRWvuc, Which 'Jimmy' sent these balloons to Brian Williams?, Ever wonder what it's like to go 120 feet underground? Richard Engel climbed into a narrow mine in Mali... working on a story for next week's broadcast., Tonight they're flipping the switch on the Rockefeller Center Christmas Tree. It's right outside the 'Rock Center' offices, so Brian Williams headed out to the plaza to take a special look., Tonight on Rock Center: Harry Smith reports on the nation's largest school cheating scandal, Richard Engel reports from Egypt, Pres. Obama's retiring 'body man' joins Brian in-studio, and Kate Snow looks into a shopping trend at Walmart that has nothing to do with holiday deals. Here's a preview:, Growing up, did you ever cheat to get a better test score? Rock Center's Harry Smith is in Atlanta investigating a story where the teachers, not the students, were the ones caught cheating. Here's a preview of Monday night's report., Why are so many Americans lining up in the middle of the night at Wal-Mart? It's not what you think. , Did you miss Betty White on Rock Center last night? Here she is! , null, What's coming up on Monday's Rock Center? Brian Williams has a preview. , Sneak peek at Monday's show: Rock Center's Natalie Morales traveled to Honduras... and found a town where thousands have become disabled diving for lobster. Ninety percent of their catch ends up in the United States. Full story: http://rockcenter.co/trhRtc, Have you considered the possibility that Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel might have presidential ambitions? In an interview with Harry Smith, the former White House chief of staff gives a definite answer., Can you take a good picture? Photographer Annie Leibovitz visited Rock Center on Monday. In this video she shows Brian how to take the perfect snapshot using her iPhone., EXCLUSIVE: Jerry Sandusky proclaims his innocence in an exclusive interview with Bob Costas, airing tonight at 10pm/9c on Rock Center. Here's a video preview., Have you heard about Alabama's controversial new immigration law? In this video, Rock Center's Kate Snow hears how it's impacting one family who crossed into the U.S. illegally. Click to read Kate's cover story: http://rockcenter.co/u9BXjC, We like to call it the 'Rock Center' Christmas Tree... and we're lucky enough to have it right outside our office windows. Do you ever wonder how they put up a 74-foot tree in the middle of Manhattan? Here's the video., What's coming up on Rock Center this Monday? Here's Brian Williams with a video preview., Are you following the Penn State molestation scandal? How do you think the situation has been handled so far?, A lot of you commented on Dr. Nancy Snyderman's investigation into forced sterilization programs. In this online exclusive, meet the tireless advocate who first brought wide attention to the victims., In the studio gearing up for tonight's broadcast at 10pm/9c. On the show: Dr. Nancy Snyderman with an investigation into forced sterilization, Richard Engel on the financial crisis, Harry Smith updates his jobs boom story and Tina Fey of 'SNL' and '30 Rock' fame stops by Rock Center., Are you aware that 31 states once had government-run programs to involuntarily sterilize adults and kids? Tonight, Dr. Nancy Snyderman tells one woman's story. Learn more: http://rockcenter.co/vbCMF1, Do you remember Harry Smith's report on the jobs boom in North Dakota? The Williston Herald has this update about the "massive national response" to last week's broadcast., On Monday, you saw Richard Engel report from inside Syria. In this online exclusive video, watch how he got out of the country in the middle of the night., null, What was the most interesting story in last night's broadcast? Which stories are you talking about at work today?, The moment is here. The premiere of "Rock Center with Brian Williams" at 10pm/9c. Let us know what you think of our debut program!, Have you been following the protests in Syria? Here's a sneak peek at correspondent Richard Engel's trip into the country. His full report airs tonight at 10pm/9c., Our show premieres tonight at 10pm/9c but you can watch Harry Smith's full report "Boomtown" online right now:, null, Would you spend tens of thousands of dollars to give birth in another country? Kate Snow reports on wealthy foreign women who visit the U.S. to give birth at controversial birth tourism centers, often hidden in suburbia. Full story: http://rockcenter.co/sUvYtO, How far would you go to find a job? Check out what Harry Smith discovered when he headed north for Monday's premiere episode. Full story: http://rockcenter.co/tWLAYV, One week from tonight we'll be live with our first broadcast. What topics are you interested in?, Are you a fan of Jimmy Fallon? Ever seen Brian Williams "Slow Jam The News"? If so, you'll probably want to watch this new video clip., A new video and a new announcement. NBC's Natalie Morales is joining our team as a correspondent. More details at http://www.RockCenterNBC.com, Good morning... You may have seen this new promo for our show during football last night. Also, check out this write-up in the New York Times: http://nyti.ms/oRdbVr, A legendary addition to the Rock Center team., Mark your calendar. Our show premieres on Monday, October 31, at 10pm/9ct. Here's a quick preview clip from Brian Williams, sitting in his new "home"., Curious about how our new studio is coming together? Here's a behind-the-scenes look from our executive producer., Another exciting announcement about our team. Welcome Meredith Vieira., Introducing "Rock Center with Brian Williams", NBC's new primetime newsmagazine premiering this fall. We'll be posting behind-the-scenes videos here on Facebook as we get ready to go on the air. Here's a preview.)