List(Hurry in to assemble a custom gift basket for Easter morning! We're open today and tomorrow 🐣🍬🐥🍭🐰🍫 #easterbasket #easter2016 #chocolates #chocolateeggs #chocolatebunny #macarons #patedefruit, A basket full of French sweets and handmade chocolates will make this Easter extra special! 🐣🐰🐥 #chocolateeggs #andbunnies #macarons #patedefruit #easter2016, Easter is this Sunday! Come in for a basket of chocolates that will delight everyone in the family! #eastersunday #milkchocolate #darkchocolate #chocolateeggs, Happy St. Patrick's Day!, Follow us on Instagram !  

https://www.instagram.com/pralinebelmont/, Hello,
Valentine's day coming soon, so it would be a perfect time for you to stop by Praline and ask about our Valentine's day specials. 
Looking forward to seeing you, 
The Praline team, Hi  
January is almost here and we started taking the orders for the traditional “French Galette des rois” made with our house puff pastry and almond frangipane ( includes hidden feve and the crown)
For orders call our store at 6179321131 or send us an email at sophie@pralineconfection.com
The orders will run during the entire January month.
Please share with your family and friends
Happy new year
Praliné team, Praliné is the right place for your coming holidays sweets and gifts. In addition to our regular offerings (chocolates, Macarons, pastries, Vienoiseries, Biscuits…) We are taking orders for our freshly homemade Bûches de Noël (Yule Logs).
1.     Bûche Vanille & fruits rouges (vanilla & Red fruits yule log): (Nuts free)

2.    Bûche chocolat & Caramel (Chocolate-Caramel delight yule Log) (Gluten free)

3.    Bûche praline (Hazelnut yule Log)

4.    Traditional French Bûche roulée & crème de marron (chestnut rolled yule log)

We are taking orders for Christmas until Sunday 20th for a pickup  as latest on Thursday 24th by 4pm. We are closed on Friday 25th  and back Saturday 26th on normal hours.
We are also taking orders for New Year's Eve until Sunday 27th and for pick up January 31th by 4pm. 
Happy holidays
Praliné team., July 4th special hours !

- 8:00am to 3:00pm

** Think to pre-order **, Thanks to all of you because of you we had a small paper in the Boston globe this wednesday in the food section. We appreciate your support that drives our energy.
Thanks again
A bientôt
Praline management, Still thinking about a nice gift for mother's day ? 
Stop by Praliné !, Hello,
At Praliné we carry a large variety of teas from Mariage frère (loose or mousseline bags) you can even enjoy a cup of tea among our selection..., Hi the spring is finally here with his beautiful colors come and enjoy our fresh fruit tart in addition to our other specialties..., Come try our new "delicate medicis dragees with 2 varieties (almond or chocolate), Hi we are back plenty of nice pastries for this weekend
Vanilla millefeuille, saint-honore, paris-brest, religieuse and our regular tarts (lemon-meringue, passion-fruit and raspberry, almand-pear, chocolate-caramel) try our nice cakes and our special financiers., Try our beautiful eggs home made with fine Chocolat we also propose a nice selection of hand crafted chocolats and confectionaries stop by to discover...., Our easter egg and chocolate "fritures" :), Our special this weekend "religieuse' chocolate :), Our weekend pastry  "special St-Patrick Saint-Honoré" yummy :), Come by,
Try our  praliné millefeuille (napolean) only this weekend feb 27/28th hurry up. :) 

203 Belmont street ,
Belmont , MA 02478, A new snow storm is heading towards us this sunday february 15th. Sorry but we will be exceptionally closed that day".
And have a wonderful st Valentines !, 2 Days left before St valentines ...., You can now find us on Yelp :), No idea for Valentines Day? Praline can help you surprise your significant other with a special treat..., Stop by the store to try our "Cannelé".
The "Cannelé"is a small cake from Bordeaux made with milk eggs and sugar. Soft and tender, flavored with rum and vanilla covered with a thick caramelized crust. Delicate balance of sweet and savory., After many delays.. We are finally OPEN !!! 
We are waiting for you with your favorite treat and coffee! 
Pastries, macaroons, tea and much more to discover at our store :) !!, A few more days before you can enjoy your favorite treat with a coffee or tea... :), null, Praliné macaroons .., Opening soon !, null, null, null)