List(Our popup experience at Tamper has come to an end. It was a fantastic experience where we learned a lot about the product here in the US.  We want to thank our hosts at Tamper for a great time and for the opportunity to introduce our dish to the american taste buds. And thank you to all of you for your comments and suggestions and, of course, for trying Tlacuani!

We are now embarking on the next step of the adventure! We are moving to the "find investors" phase and also starting to look at possible locations for the first stand alone Tlacuani!

If you have ideas on our investor search or on posible locations, let us know!

Stay tuned for new announcements in the coming weeks.

Thanks!, No Tlacuani this week. Stay tuned for more information right here!, We are open tonight for service!....5-9pm. Come on down!, Looks like we will reopen this Wednesday! We will confirm tomorrow, stay tuned., Due to unforeseen logistical issues we will be closed for a few days. We will let you know soon when we are reopening.  By the way, if anyone knows of a good Mexican cook, let us know. THANKS!!!, Thank you to Tortilleria Mi Niña for helping us make here in Medford our tlacuani dish as delicious as we do it in Mexico City. Their masa makes it as authentic as it gets!

https://www.facebook.com/laninatortilla/?fref=ts, We are open for business. Come on down!, Thank you to Eater Boston for a nice write up!

http://boston.eater.com/2016/1/27/10840202/tlacuani-mexican-pop-up-tamper-medford, We are starting the Tlacuani week! Come to Medford and get yourself a delicious Mexican dinner! 5p-9p!, This is our Tlacuani Restaurant in Mexico City. One day we will have them all over the USA! In the mean time, come to Medford and enjoy a tlacuani! It's right in your backyard.

https://www.facebook.com/tlacuani/?fref=photo, Tomorrow...a whole new week to enjoy a tlacuani! Come visit us M-F, 5p-9p., Last chance this week to enjoy a Tlacuani! Don't miss this delicious Mexican dish. Join us tonight!, In a few minutes TlacuaniUSA opens for the evening. Come and enjoy the best Mexican dish on either side of the border!, Tonight!!! Tlacuani is back at Tamper!. Come and enjoy the newest craze in Mexican food. The most authentic Mexican ingredients and flavors anywhere! M-F, 5-9p.

Tamper at night is Tlacuani!, Come and enjoy a Tlacuani starting this Wednesday the 20th at 5pm!, The wait is almost over! This coming Monday Tlacuani USA is back. Come and enjoy the best and most authentic Mexican dish in all of USA, M-F, 5-9pm., One more week and Tlacuani USA reopens! Can you wait that long???, Two more weeks before Tlacuani USA reopens! Patience everyone, you will get your tlacuani fix very soon!, Remember, Tlacuani USA reopens January 17. Just in time for all you Tufts students!, Last night in 2015 for Tlacuani! Come on down and enjoy it one more time before 2016!, Would you dare?, Last day this week for a Tlacuani visit. Do you feel adventurous? How about Chapulines (grasshoppers) or Chinicuiles (maguey worms) with a delicious tlacuani???, Here is a review of our Mexican branch (sorry, its in spanish!):

https://www.facebook.com/attelier45oficial/posts/437459459796596, Eat a Tlacuani TODAY! Come on down!, null, Tomorrow, a whole new week to try Tlacuani!, First week of Tlacuani USA is in the books! Thanks to everyone who made this a great first week!, Come down to Tlacuani at Tamper tonight! Delicious Mexican dish you have never tried before! From 5pm until 9pm., null, We inaugurated yesterday at 5pm and at 5:01pm we got our very first customer!, Come to Tamper "after dark" and enjoy a Tlacuani!, null, Tlacuani in USA is being offered for the first time at Tamper in Medford. Come and visit us!, null, null, null, null, null)