List(A Friday night calls for a full table!, The Robert Sinskey Pinot Blanc, 'Los Carneros,' is only produced in half bottles or magnums because you should "either start with it or party with it." We recommend a half bottle to start the evening., It’s a perfect night to enjoy dinner in the Lounge, and the Baby Beets with Goat Cheese, Blood Oranges & Chardonnay Vinaigrette are a wonderful appetizer to start with., Easter is best celebrated over Brunch. Happy Easter from all of us here at Mistral! (Photo by @doryish)., The Pan Roasted Halibut with White Asparagus & Lobster Risotto, and Lobster Velouté  is the perfect reward for the end of the week!, The perfect mid-week treat? The Profiteroles with Vanilla Ice Cream, Dark Chocolate Sauce & Pistachio Croquant!, Spring is in the air & on the menu! Our Grilled Faroe Island Salmon is now being served with Parsnip Puree, English Peas & Favas and Morel Velouté., We're happy to call the Pope building, which is full of illustrious history, our home! 

"The Albert Pope Building, located on the border of Back Bay and the South End, is full of historic value. Built in 1880, the building originally served as Albert Pope's factory. Albert Pope, considered the father of the American bicycle, manufactured nearly a quarter million Columbia bicycles annually. The building later became home to Cahners Publishing Company, and was eventually developed into loft-style condos in 1998 by Heath Properties., The Salon du Mistral is the perfect spot to host your bridal shower or baby shower this spring! The space is available for Brunches, Luncheons and Dinners. For more information please contact Lisa Flores at lflores@mistralbistro.com or 617-867-9300. http://mistralbistro.com/the-salon/ (Beautiful photo of the Salon taken by @tubbytwins)., Save the Date! Our sister restaurant, Sorellina Boston is hosting a Five Course Dinner featuring Knights Bridge Wines on Thursday, March 31st at 6:30 PM. To reserve your spot, please call 617.412.4600 or email William Rohlfing at WRohlfing@SorellinaBoston.com., The end of the week calls for something sweet and the Warm Apple Crostada with Caramel Sauce and Vanilla Ice Cream has your name on it., We love when Columbus Hospitality Group Alums go on to do great things! We’re very happy to see this wonderful write-up on Ciao Pizza And Pasta from the Boston Herald. Congats Marvin & Edson!, "Great night at Mistral, my favorite restaurant in Boston. Best food, service and ambiance! A must visit when in Boston." -Luxe Tiffany, Sometimes a sip of rum is all you need to transport yourself to the tropics! The “Martinique” will do the trick -- with Sailor Jerry, Luxardo Maraschino, Pineapple, Lime and Grapefruit Bitters., Thank you to Dine Out Boston and all of our loyal followers! We had many wonderful years participating in Dine Out Boston, but will not be participating this March. We look forward to seeing you here at Mistral soon! 

Our sister restaurant L'Andana Grill is participating starting this Sunday, March 6th. Learn more and get a peek at their menu here: http://blog.landanagrill.com/dine-out-boston-and-menu-sneak-peek, Thanks to everyone who stopped by Taste of the South End tonight! What a great event for a great cause! #TOSE16, Let the countdown to Sunday Brunch begin! http://mistralbistro.com/menus/brunch/, Our special tonight  from Executive Chef, Jason Maynard is a Pan Roasted Tilefish with Kale Pesto, Radish, Fingerling Potato and Grilled Spring Onion., We’re thankful to our loyal guests who have been there since the beginning and keep coming back!, We have several new cocktails on the menu to help you beat the winter blues! Meet the “Vendetta.” Made with Ketel One, Green Chartreuse, Dry Curaçao, Blood Orange and Pomegranate., Le Salon du Mistral is the perfect venue for your upcoming bridal shower, baby shower, cocktail party, corporate dinner, or other event! To inquire about available dates, please contact Lisa Flores at 617.867.9300 or lflores@mistralbistro.com. http://mistralbistro.com/the-salon/, We’ve been enjoying Eater Boston's Brunch Week and are happy to be included in the round-up of Best Brunch Dishes. Thanks to Erica Keefe of Five Horses Tavern, Mike Wyatt of Ward 8, Salvatore Boscarino of Pier6 Boston Waterfront, and Molly Hanson of Grill 23 & Bar and Post 390 for naming us favorites! #BrunchWeek http://boston.eater.com/maps/best-boston-brunch-food, Have you tried our sister restaurant, L'Andana Grill? They’re just a short drive outside of the city and their wood grilled cuisine is definitely worth the trip. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-kOdu-jFjgI, These black truffles will look even better once they’re topping the Mistral Black Winter Truffle Macaroni with Madeira and Parmesan., Save the Date! The Taste of the South End is just around the corner on Tuesday, March 1st. It's a great event for a great cause and you can purchase tickets here: http://action.aac.org/site/PageServer?pagename=Events_Taste_Tickets  

We hope to see you there!, It's feeling like the right kind of night for French Style Onion Soup with a Gruyère Pastry Crust., “Scene. Cold, snowy, Tuesday evening outside. Inside? A lively assortment of beautiful décor, a lovely bar and yummy French foods waiting to be sampled.” –Yelp review from Nandanie S., Winter 2015

There’s more snow in the forecast for tomorrow and we welcome you to come and keep cozy with us at the restaurant!, Please note that we’re closed for dinner service this upcoming Sunday, February 7th. We will be open as normal for Sunday Brunch from 10:30 – 2:00 PM. Our sister property Mooo Restaurant will be open for dinner and is accepting reservations: http://mooorestaurant.com/reserve, It’s the perfect night to enjoy the Faroe Island Salmon with Cider & Mustard Glaze, Beluga Lentils & Applewood Smoked Bacon, Thank you to Long's Jewelers for including us in their list of Most Romantic Boston Restaurants to Pop the Question. We love helping guests to make their proposal a special experience that they won't forget! http://blog.longsjewelers.com/engagement/best-proposal-restaurants-boston, null, The Ravioli make for a memorable bite! Our Maine Crab Ravioli with Rock Crab, Thyme & Tomato Broth and are rich, flavorful, and a great way to warm up., We love when guests choose to celebrate special occasions with us. Happy Birthday Alysia! 

Did you know that with advanced notice we can create a custom cake for your celebration?, Beets are back on the menu for winter! Our Baby Beets are served with Soft Goat Cheese, Chardonnay Vinaigrette & Winter Citrus., The dining room is looking more and more cozy by the minute., Newly engaged? The Salon is a beautiful venue for a wedding ceremony and reception. For more information please contact Lisa Flores at lflores@mistralbistro.com or 617.867.9300. http://mistralbistro.com/the-salon/, Our Artisanal Cheese Assiette with Seasonal House Made Jams & Native Honey is the perfect way to start OR end a meal.  It can be ordered as an appetizer or enjoyed with after-dinner drinks., "I've been to many fine restaurants but I would have to say that Mistral was about the best I've ever been to. There was nothing we had that wasn't wonderful! It began with the bread that came with soft butter and a little dish of roasted garlic! Yum! We shared a Caesar salad which was very good too. For entrees, my husband selected the swordfish which was beautifully prepared and I had the rack of lamb - both were DELICIOUS! Excellent dessert as well - I honestly can't wait to go again!" -via OpenTable, Hearty and comforting, the Roast Rack of Colorado Lamb is a wonderful entree in the winter months. It's served with Gratin Dauphinoise Potatoes, Roasted Carrots & Haricots Verts., The best kind of meeting place., What could be more comforting than bisque? Our Maine Lobster Bisque “En Croûte,” with a Drizzle of Cognac, is just the thing for cold evenings., The Braised Shortrib & Foie Gras Tortellini, Beech Mushrooms, Madeira & Fines Herbes are the perfect winter appetizer. Like if you agree!, There's still time to take advantage of our Holiday Gift Card promotion! Receive a $100 Bonus card when you purchase $500 worth of Columbus Hospitality Group gift cards by Friday, January 15, 2016 at one of our locations. *Please note that this promotion does not apply to online gift card purchases., We’re looking forward to toasting the New Year with the Fêtes à Bulles! (Tito’s ‘Handmade’, White Cranberry, Rosemary, Lime, and  Prosecco)., Our Mistral Linguine is served with Tiny Tomatoes, Arugula and topped with Parmesan Reggiano., "Celebrating an excellent year with my colleagues/staff at Mistral was the PERFECT choice. Food, service, drink, ambiance were all the reward for a year of hard and smart work. I know my team and I LOVED the evening. Thanks to all at Mistral." -Review via OpenTable, All is bright over at the restaurant tonight! Happy Holidays from all of us at Mistral! (Please note that we’re closed tomorrow on December 25th)., Happy Winter Solstice! It’s the longest night of the year and we’re going to make the most of it with a White Pizza and a bottle of wine. Join us?, Happy FRYday from all of us here at Mistral! #TGIF, We’re set up in the lounge and ready to help you with gift card purchases. Stop by and join us for a hot cider and a cookie while you wait!, We’re happy to announce that Nicole Fabbo has re-joined the staff at Mistral as Assistant General Manager. Let’s give her a warm welcome back!, The temperature might not feel seasonable, but that doesn’t mean you can’t enjoy a Valrhona Chocolate Hot Chocolate at Brunch on Sunday., The halls are decked and we’re ready for the holidays!, We’re closed tonight Wednesday, December 9th for a private event. We will re-open tomorrow night for dinner starting at 5:30 PM! http://mistralbistro.com/reservations/, It’s the most wonderful time of the year! The Red Wine Braised Beef Shortribs with Butter Whipped Potato, Mirepoix and Smoked Tomatoes are back on the menu., null, We’re closing out the week with the Clair de Lune (Ketel One, Combier, Local Cider, Pomegranate, Lemon and Prosecco). Happy Friday!, Our gift card promo is here! Purchase $500 worth of Columbus Hospitality Group gift cards and receive a $100 bonus card to treat yourself. *Offer is valid from 12/1/2015 – 1/15/2016 and applies only to gift card purchases made at one of our locations. Not valid towards online purchases., Today is bittersweet as we say goodbye to Assistant General Manager Brian Corbit. We wish him all the best on his next chapter!, We’ll be closed tonight, Saturday, November 28th for a Private Event. We’ll be open again starting tomorrow at 10:30 AM for brunch and at 5:30 PM for dinner. Hope to see you then!, Very important update: We’re very happy to report that the bunny left behind at the restaurant has made his way home just in time for the holiday! Thank you to everyone who shared the post and helped us reunite these two!, We’ll be closed this Thursday, November 26th on Thanksgiving Day. We hope you have a wonderful holiday in the company of loved ones! Our sister restaurant, L'Andana Grill, will be open and is accepting reservations: http://blog.landanagrill.com/celebrate-thanksgiving-day-at-landana, With friends and family coming into town for the holiday, the best way to catch up is over a drink! We’re ready to welcome you at the bar!, We’re closed for a private event tonight, Friday, November 20th. We’ll be open for dinner starting on Saturday at 5:30 PM and we hope to welcome you then!, The Faroe Island Salmon with Cider Peppercorn Glaze, Kabocha Squash & Autumn Vegetables as captured by @adrianaoana., “My husband and I had our first dinner at Mistral 10 years ago. With so many wonderful restaurants in Boston, it would be easy to go to a new place each time we visit, but we always schedule a return visit to Mistral. We have never been disappointed. The food is outstanding - one of my favorites is the lamb's lettuce, goat cheese, and pear salad. Service is professional and friendly, making guests feel very welcomed. Mistral is at the top of our list in Boston!” – Lenore from Maryland via TripAdvisor, We’re keeping it classic tonight with one of our most popular dishes, the Dover Sole Meunière with Lemon & Capers, Sauté of Spinach & Onions, Fingerling Potatoes., Recognize me? I was left behind at Sunday Brunch this past Sunday, November 8th. I’ve had a nice few days at the restaurant but now I’m ready to go home. (To pick me up you can call 617-867-9300)., Every year we look forward to participating in Pie in the Sky to benefit Community Servings! Each sale of a $28 pie means a week of meals for clients who are critically ill. Learn more here: http://www.servings.org/event/pies/, Thanks to Instagrammer @ross_warren for this great shot of the Grilled Tenderloin of Beef, Vin Rouge, Olive Oil Roasted Broccolini and Horseradish Whipped Potato., Thanks to Chef Tom Borgia of Russell House Tavern for naming our Mussels as a favorite dish! via Thrillist: https://www.thrillist.com/eat/boston/12-local-chefs-share-their-favorite-meal-in-boston, It’s Thursday and we’re ready for a beverage. Are you with us? Tag a friend you’d like to share a drink with in the comments section below!, Fan of Mussels? Then you have to try ours with Smoked Tomato Marinière and Grilled Semolina Toast., And here’s the final product! All of the guesses were spot on; it’s our Mistral Black Burgundy & White Alba Truffle Macaroni with Madeira & Parmesan., We’re liking the looks of this basket. Chef Maynard is making one of our favorite dishes tonight! Can you guess what it is?, We’re saddened to hear of George Germon’s passing. He was a true renaissance man and an inspiration to many. He will be missed. http://www.providencejournal.com/article/20151027/NEWS/151029367, Looking for Thursday night plans? Sorellina Boston has a few seats left for their Travaglini Wine Dinner! The Five Course Menu features dishes like Tagliatelle with white Alba truffles and Risotto all Gattinara with braised Wagyu short rib., We still have dates available for Holiday Luncheons in Le Salon du Mistral! To inquire about private dining, please contact Lisa Flores at lflores@mistralbistro.com or 617-867-9300. http://mistralbistro.com/the-salon/, Serving up Duck Confit with Wild Mushroom Couscous Risotto with Parmesan and Truffle Oil at the Helping Hands: Monkey Helpers for the Disabled Food Festivale charity event. #HelpingHands #FoodFestivale, “I drink exactly as much as I want, and one drink more.” -H.L. Mencken, null, It's Fall at Mistral! Head to the bar to try the "Ironsides" cocktail made with Sailor Jerry, Belle de Brillet, Honeyed Pear Purée, Lime and Bitters., You can’t go wrong with the classics and one of our favorites is the Pan Roasted Cornish Game Hen with Warm Pancetta and Spinach Salad with Lemon and Rosemary., Three cheers for long weekends! Celebrate Columbus Day on Columbus Avenue and join us at the bar this evening. (The bar opens at 5:00 PM), null, We're keeping it cozy with the Native Tomato Bisque with Snipped Basil, Parmesan "En Croûte.", We love when the Lambs Lettuce with Soft Goats Cheese & Pecan Melba with Apple Cider Vinaigrette makes its fall debut on the menu., One of our favorites, the Warm Apple Crostada with Caramel Sauce and Vanilla Ice Cream, is back on the dessert menu!, “Now and then.” The dining room furniture is looking a little different in this photo from the ‘90s than it does today. #ThrowbackThursday #TBT, It looks like there’s plenty of rain in the forecast over the next few days. We’re planning on staying inside and enjoying the Roasted Fig, Prosciutto, Gorgonzola and Port Wine Thin Crust Pizza, hot off the grill., Our bar staff always go above and beyond to give our guests and outstanding experience. We're happy to be recognized in Tabélog's Top 10 Best Bars in Boston! http://www.tabelog.us/summary_articles/best-bars-in-boston-ma, Every year we look forward to participating in Helping Hand’s Fundraiser, Food Festivale. This year it’s on Saturday, October 24th and tickets are now available: https://support.monkeyhelpers.org/2015festivale

Proceeds benefit Helping Hands: Monkey Helpers for the Disabled., Fall menu changes are here! The new seasonal prep for our Pan Roasted Halibut includes Shrimp & Native Yellow Tomato Risotto, Shrimp Nage, and Basil., Thank you to interior designer, Nikki Dalrymple of ACQUIRE for including us in her Boston Guide in Fly Magazine. http://mspflymag.com/2015/09/09/guide-to-boston/, Pasta is always comforting on cool Boston nights. One of our recommendations of the moment is the House Made Pappardelle with Foraged Mushrooms, Black Truffle and Parmesan., Fall changes are being made to the menu! We recommend savoring the final days of summer with the Summer Corn, Chanterelles, Applewood Smoked Bacon & Scallions Thin Crust Pizza while it’s still available., We love drinking cocktails for a cause! Don't forget that you have through the end of this month to support Fenway Health by ordering an "America's Sweetheart" cocktail made with Privateer Rum's special Pride Label Rum., There are some great looking dishes on Thrillist's list of Things to Eat Before You Die, including our Roast Rack of Colorado Lamb.
https://www.thrillist.com/eat/boston/boston-food-bucket-list-50-things-to-eat-before-you-die, It’s all in the details! You can find traditional Provencal materials, such as stucco, iron, aged-wood and stone throughout our space., We love when guests join us to celebrate something special! A Happy Anniversary to @a_lekbua., Our sister property Mooo Restaurant is hosting a Wine Dinner on Saturday, September 19th in their historic private dining room, The Wine Cellar. The five-course wine dinner will feature pairings with Hewitson Wines from Adelaide, Australia. To reserve your spot please contact Paige Hakim at 617-670-7525 or PHakim@MoooRestaurant.com., We’ve got a whole range of options on our Brunch Menu including Sweet Corn & Golden Chanterelle Risotto. (Captured this past weekend by @pjhaine)., We're very sad to hear of our friend Jerry's recent passing. Jerry was a good friend of Mistral and CHG. We'll miss him dearly and our thoughts and prayers go out to his family and friends. https://bostoncremation.org/obituary/jerry-finegold, Today we're saying goodbye to our Reservations Manager, Michelle. She's done exceptional work for the Columbus Hospitality Group for the past 10 years and we'll miss her tremendously. We wish her luck and success in her future endeavors!, “The food is over the top great. But the service is what makes the memory so fantastic. The wait staff is personable, attentive, responsive, happy, and thorough. We couldn't ask for a better experience. Go!” –Open Table Review, Privateer Rum has created a Pride Label Silver Rum in celebration of equality, diversity, and support of the LGBT community. Privateer will be donating a portion of the proceeds from the sale of each bottle to Fenway Health. 

We are proud to offer a specialty cocktail made with their Pride Label Rum. The “America’s Sweetheart” is a mix of Privateer ‘Silver Reserve’ Rum, Crème Yvette, Pineapple and Lime and it’s on the menu now!, We feel exactly the same way about the Foie Gras. (Photo by @lplepper), Friday is all about indulging your sweet tooth and the classic Crème Brulée, Raspberry, Sablé Cookie is a great choice!, Blueberries are in season and on our dessert menu! Here’s a behind-the-scenes shot from Assistant Pastry Chef, Manuela, of Blueberry Tarts in progress., We’re wishing Edson and Marvin, both former Mistral employees, the best of luck on their new venture, Ciao Pizza and Pasta! Coming soon to Chelsea. (via Eater Boston) http://boston.eater.com/2015/8/14/9153345/ciao-pizza-pasta-chelsea-coming-soon, Happy Birthday to Julia Child who would’ve turned 103 today!, “Corn + lobster soup = quintessential summer in a bowl.” @rr897, We’re all wishing a big congratulations to server Tommy, whose son was born this morning! We’re all so happy for you!, We're excited to be included in Fathom's list of "The Cream of Boston's Culinary Crop." Read the full list here: http://bit.ly/FathomCulinary, Thank you to Dine Out Boston and all of our loyal followers! After fifteen years, we have made the decision to not participate this year. We look forward to seeing you at Mistral in the future. 

If you’re looking to experience Dine Out Boston, our sister restaurant, L'Andana Grill in Burlington, will be participating from August 16th – 21st and August 23rd – August 28th.  http://landanagrill.com/about/about-chg/, "For me, brunch is such a versatile meal since you can play on both the sweet and savory in your dishes." - Marcus Samuelsson. 
Who else is looking forward to Sunday Brunch?, We’re dreaming of the Grilled Swordfish with Roasted Eggplant & Quinoa Salad, and Marinated Heirloom Tomatoes. (Beautifully captured by Instagrammer @ohlukitsam), Thank you to the Improper Bostonian Magazine for naming Le Salon du Mistral the best venue for the category of Private Dining! Our sister restaurant, Ostra Boston, is also a 2015 winner. To plan your next event here at Mistral, please contact Lisa Flores at lflores@mistralbistro.com or by calling 617.867.9300. http://mistralbistro.com/the-salon/, null, Lucky for you, Lauren & Erica are on the bar tonight and tomorrow night! Come and start the weekend early!, A beautiful Brunch Buffet at a recent bridal shower in the Salon. 
(Pictured: Market Fruit, Greek-Style Yogurt Panna Cotta, Pineapple with Vanilla Sabayon, and Rillettes of Smoked Salmon). http://mistralbistro.com/the-salon/, We're excited to be included in Boston Magazine's list of "Best Places to Eat Pizza Right Now." Pictured is our white cheese pizza with whipped ricotta, hot pepper, sea salt and arugula. http://bit.ly/boston-magazine-august-15, When we opened in 1997 this Parfait -- with toasted almonds, caramel, chocolate sauce and vanilla ice cream -- was on the dessert menu. Guests have requested to have it added back on the menu for many years and we’re happy to announce that it’s now back!, Thank you to Boston.com for including us in their list of Essential Back Bay restaurants! http://bit.ly/backbayrestaurants, Once again, the weekend is over too soon, but at least we did it right! 

{Our Graham Cracker Crusted Challah French Toast with Peaches & Amaretto Mascarpone} #SundayBrunch, Our special tonight is Pan Roasted Branzino over truffle whipped potato with roasted heirloom squash, chanterelles and summer truffle., We’re currently hiring for a Full-Time AM Prep Cook/Line Cook Position and Evening Pastry Position here at Mistral. To apply, please email your resume to Executive Chef Jason Maynard at JMaynard@MistralBistro.com., Our favorite seasonal pizza is back on the menu! This Thin Crust is topped with Summer Corn, Chanterelles, Applewood Smoked Bacon & Scallions., "You can't do better than Mistral. It's absolutely flawless. Make this a special night out." Kind words from Bonnie, a TripAdvisor reviewer and beautiful photo captured by @ronenm102., Sunday is just around the corner! Come and brunch with us from 10:30 AM – 2:00 PM. (Photo via @travelingfoodiex) http://mistralbistro.com/reservations/, Have you tried the Half “Whole Roasted” Duck & Wild Mushroom Risotto and Cherry Gastrique. It's a fan favorite!, Veuve in the Lounge? @Moeshambo, we think you have the right idea., We’re open tonight and tomorrow, on the Fourth of July! We’d love to see you! http://mistralbistro.com/reservations/

Please note that we’ll be open on Sunday, July 5th for Brunch but closed for Dinner. Have a wonderful holiday weekend!, "We had a wonderful and delicious early summer evening at Mistral in the South End. Our first visit to this elegant Provence-inspired bistro was magical, with great food, great wine, attentive service and delightful ambiance. It was an all-seafood evening for us and our guests. Tasty tuna tartare and branzino crudo appetizers were followed by entrees of halibut and swordfish. All were delighted. I enjoyed artisanal cheeses with port while guests raved about the fresh strawberry dessert whose name I forget, but it was smiles all around! A simple but artistic milieu pervades this pleasing space and enhanced our dining experience. I don't give 5 stars easily, but Mistral deserves and gets the top grade." 
- TripAdvisor Review from June 26th, Nothing says “Happy Birthday” quite like the Fresh Local Strawberries with Vanilla Brioche Croutons and Mascarpone & Sabayon for dessert! Thanks for celebrating with us @bonjoursoyo!, Thank you to the Improper Bostonian Magazine for naming Le Salon du Mistral the best venue for the category of Private Dining! #BostonsBest http://www.improper.com/bostons-best/food-drink/, The Ricotta Gnocchi with Maine Lobster, Sweet Corn & Black Summer Truffle is a favorite right now!, It’s humid out there! You can find us cooling down with the Chilled Tomato Gazpacho with Jumbo Lump Crab, Serrano Lime Sorbet & Cilantro., Looking for last minute plans on a beautiful Summer evening? Join us in the Lounge or at the Bar where it’s always first come, first served., Tonight's #dessert special is Fresh Local Strawberries with Vanilla Brioche Croutons and Mascarpone & Sabayon., We love French wine and we’re thankful for the Mistral, the strong wind, which ensures great growing conditions. (And thanks to Tortilleria La Nina for sending this article our way!) via VinePair
http://vinepair.com/wine-blog/the-mistral-it-aint-just-some-silly-breeze-its-what-makes-french-wine-awesome/, Looking to treat Dad this Sunday? Make your Father's Day Dinner Reservation here: http://mistralbistro.com/reservations/ #FathersDay, Is anyone else having a hard time letting go of the weekend? (Photo from Sunday Brunch by @mutsumi84) #SundayBrunch, Wishing everyone in the city a Happy Pride weekend! #LoveOurNeighborhood #SouthEnd, The best kind of transformation! Strawberries are in season and tonight you can find them in our Strawberry Shortcake dessert special. #MenuSpecial #StrawberrySeason, We love that Winston Flowers can completely customize arrangements for any event. Here’s a throwback to a stunning arrangement for a private party in the Salon., Our Chilled English Pea Soup with Truffled Parmesan Flan and Extra Virgin Olive Oil is one of our most refreshing starters., TGIF! We’re celebrating the end of the week with a Black Mission Fig, Prosciutto, Gorgonzola & Port Thin Crust Pizza. Thanks to Arianne R. For the photo!, The special tonight is Soft Shell Crab with tiny tomatoes, avocado and upland cress. Last night it sold out in no time!, null, We opened our doors to the public 18 years ago today on June 3rd, 1997. We're so happy to have had such wonderful years in the South End and we feel incredibly honored to have been a part of so many birthdays, anniversaries, weddings, celebrations and other joyous life events! Thank you for all of your support!, Our arrangements just got a seasonal update! Happy to have bright florals to cheer up this drizzly Monday., Are you a fan of Foie? We are and we enjoy it served with Confit of Duck in Brioche with a Wisconsin Dried Cherry Gastrique., It's the perfect evening to enjoy our Maine Crab Ravioli with Rock Crab, Thyme and Tomato Broth here in the Lounge!, “It makes me so happy to know that I actually make people feel at home and comfortable. Whether it’s a business meeting or dinner for pleasure, I always try to make sure our guests are satisfied and want to come back.” 

Incredibly proud to see our very own Youssef Bessaoud featured in Scene Magazine! http://www.sceneboston.com/behind-the-scenes/, Looking to add a custom touch to your event? We loved this Ice Cream Sundae bar set-up during a recent luncheon. It’s the details that make each event here stand out., Very excited to see this beautiful wedding held at our sister restaurant L'Andana Grill on Style Me Pretty!  http://www.stylemepretty.com/massachusetts-weddings/2015/05/15/elegant-massachussetts-restaurant-wedding/, Keeping it classic tonight with the Tomato, Mozzarella and Oregano Thin Crust Pizza!, “First we eat. Then we do everything else.” –M.F.K. Fisher (Photo by @lauraoneill28), A Whistle Pig Manhattan at the bar? Mat B. we applaud your taste!, Guest @nashnikki joined us and ordered the Linguini with Tiny Tomatoes, Arugula & Parmesan Reggiano at Sunday Brunch BUT you can also order this dish any night of the week for dinner!, "Restaurants have always played an essential role in the business, social, intellectual and artistic life of a thriving society. Think of the cafes in Paris in the 20's; the three martini lunches of the 50's and 60's; we've sketched world changing ideas and planned revolutions in restaurants. Elvis' first Las Vegas contract was written on a restaurant tablecloth. 

The major events of life, personal and professional, are celebrated in restaurants. Acquaintances become friends around a table in the safe and controlled environment of a restaurant. Individuals become lovers across a restaurant table, sometimes." 

Eli Feldman of Clothbound says that restaurants are more important than ever and that 2015 might be the year of the restaurant. An interesting read! https://medium.com/@EliFeldman/why-the-restaurant-industry-is-the-most-important-industry-in-todays-america-6a819f8f0ac9, Cheers to all of the wonderful Moms out there! Looking forward to toasting to Mother’s Day at Brunch and Dinner., “There is absolutely no substitute for the best. Good food cannot be made of inferior ingredients masked with high flavor. It is true thrift to use the best ingredients available and to waste nothing.” ― James Beard, Tonight's dessert special is a Dark Chocolate Canelé with Roasted Apricot and Vanilla Gelato., Looking to host a wedding shower, baby shower or birthday Brunch? We’d love to plan your customized event in our private dining space, Le Salon du Mistral! http://mistralbistro.com/the-salon/, Save room for dessert! This week, May 4th – May 10th , the sales of our Strawberry Rhubarb Tart will support Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer., We love the spring prep of our Faroe Island Salmon dish. It’s served with Parsnip Puree, English Peas, Favas and Morels., Tonight we’re excited to welcome a group of Boston area Pastry Chefs to dine with us for an event hosted by Cacao Barry. Mistral Pastry Chef Shane Gray is serving a Trio of Cacao Barry Chocolate: Ocoa Canelé, Inaya S’more & Glace Alunga Noisette., It’s not too early to make Mother’s Day plans! Let us take care of everything and treat Mom to a memorable dinner here at Mistral. Make your reservations online or by calling 617.867.9300. http://mistralbistro.com/reservations/, Care for a slice? It’s Friday and we’re sticking with this classic Thin Crust Pizza., Good things take planning. Make your reservation for Sunday Brunch now! Call us at 617.867.9300 or book online: http://mistralbistro.com/reservations/ #SundayBrunch, A beautiful shot of the Salon from a recent wedding! See the rest of the photos from this special day via Katie Noble Photo. #WeddingWednesday http://www.katienoble.com/blog/2015/4/20/kristy-richard-mistral-wedding-boston, It’s the perfect night to treat yourself to the Pan Roasted Prime Sirloin, Pea Tendril & Kale Sauté, Roasted Yukons, Spring Onion Butter & Vin Cotto., Today we’re cheering on our bartender Lauren as she runs the Boston Marathon as a part of Teammr8 in support of the Martin W. Richard Charitable Foundation. Go Lauren! #BostonMarathon #BostonStrong, One of our favorite dishes for spring is the Pan Roasted Halibut with Maine Lobster and Spring Asparagus Risotto. Have you tried it?, Le Salon du Mistral is the perfect venue for your upcoming bridal shower, baby shower, cocktail party, corporate dinner, or any other event! To inquire about available dates, please contact Lisa Flores at 617.867.9300 or lflores@mistralbistro.com. More information available here: http://mistralbistro.com/the-salon/, We have to share this beautiful photo of the Salmon Tartare taken by guest Elizabethann Roach who recently celebrated her 30th wedding anniversary here! Congrats Elizabethann!, Thank you to a recent TripAdvisor reviewer who described their experience as "consistently perfect." Read their full review below! 

"My husband and I recently enjoyed a wonderful dinner sitting at the bar. Despite the fact that it was restaurant week, the service was outstanding - by both the bartender and the kitchen. If you like pasta, you have to try the crab ravioli app and the linguine entre -- both simple dishes but elegant and incredibly flavorful.", It’s Friday night and we think you should treat yourself. We recommend indulging in the warm Chocolate Torte with Vanilla Ice Cream and Sauce Anglaise., It’s the perfect night to enjoy a dessert and a cappuccino at the bar. We recommend the Profiteroles with Vanilla Ice Cream and Dark Chocolate Sauce!, The handcrafted passed hors d’oeuvres at Mistral, like the Maine Crabcakes with Spicy Chipotle Aioli, are the perfect way to start off an event!, We opened our doors in 1997 and along the way we’ve met some wonderful guests and are honored to be a part of their lives, celebrations and special occasions. Jess, of The Haute Mamas, is one of those guests and we’re so happy to be featured as her first “Haute Fare” post. You don’t want to miss this one: http://thehautemamas.com/mistral-you-have-my-heart/, What could be better than Brunch to celebrate Easter Sunday? Looking forward to welcoming guests this Sunday. Happy Easter all! (photo by @meganqk), null, Last week local Blogger, Tracey, of Life Food Wine  joined us for dinner. Read about her experience here: http://lifefoodwine.com/2015/03/27/mistral-south-end-boston/, We’re excited to see this great article in the April issue of Northshore Magazine about L'Andana Grill and our Chef-Owner, Jamie Mammano: http://www.nshoremag.com/fooddrink/landana/, Tonight Lauren is on the bar and she's mixing up Spicy Pineapple Margaritas (Spicy Milagro tequila, Combier, Pineapple and Lime). Come by for a drink!, If you’re in the mood for dessert, we recommend the Carrot Cake with Toffee Sauce! Photo by @maybelles., How was your weekend? Here's what ours looked like...

(Photo courtesy of @meganqk who joined us for Sunday Brunch and enjoyed the farm fresh eggs with duck confit and veggie hash)., Friday night calls for the Pan Roasted Prime Sirloin “Au Poivre,” Exotic Mushroom & Kale Saute and Roast Yukons., We’re excited to be in a friendly competition with our sister restaurant Ostra Boston for The Boston Globe’s Munch Madness contest. We’d love your support! Vote here: http://www.bostonglobe.com/brackets/munchmadness2015, We remember this 2014 wedding well! We’re looking forward to celebrating many new couples in the 2015 wedding season! Photo by Heather Chick Photography http://www.heatherchickphotography.com/blog/?p=10443 #WeddingWednesday, Have you tried the Tuna Tartare with crispy wontons, ginger and soy? Guest Amanda says “You just melt as you taste it, as it’s so delicate and you get both the crunchy texture and the soft smooth texture!” Photo credit: @chiajas, Today we're learning the art of #sabering at the Bacardi Training facility!, Tonight is the final night of Dine Out Boston! We’re going to round out the week with the Warm Pineapple Tart with Coconut Ice Cream. Thanks to all of the guests who joined us over the past two weeks and to @brendalalala who snapped this great photo., We’re celebrating TWO birthdays here at Mistral today! Happy Birthday to General Manager, Mark D'Alessandro and to Executive Pastry Chef, Shane Gray!, Thank you to BostInno for including us in their list of 18 Best Restaurants to Try During Dine Out Boston. We’ve already welcomed plenty of wonderful guests and are looking forward to welcoming more this week! 
http://bostinno.streetwise.co/2015/03/04/best-dine-out-boston-menus-in-boston-when-does-dine-out-boston-start/#s_mistral_s, Fill in the blank: my favorite dish at Mistral is ________________., We had a great time at the 20th Anniversary of Taste of the South End last night! Once again it was a huge success and we were so happy to participate. #TOSE15, The Mistral team is here & ready to go at Taste of the South End! We're serving our Focaccia with Beef Tenderloin, Horseradish & Arugula. #TOSE15 #TasteoftheSouthEnd, We're here at the Cyclorama and prepping for Taste of the South End! Bring on the diners! #TOSE15 #SouthEnd, Did you know that it's the 20th Anniversary of Taste of the South End? We feel lucky that we've been able to take part in this great event for a great cause, for many years. Read more about the anniversary via The Rainbow Times: http://www.therainbowtimesmass.com/2015/03/01/taste-of-the-south-end-celebrates-20th-anniversary/, We recommend starting your evening off like @fadifreiha with a bottle of red and Foie Gras at the bar., The best way to cap off a Birthday celebration is with Mistral’s French Macarons! We love when they’re featured as a dessert special. Happy Birthday @sarahalefebvre!, Great opportunity! We're currently hiring for a Full Time Sous Chef. Check out the description on BostonChefs.com and please email your resume to jmaynard@mistralbistro.com to apply. http://bit.ly/1BtIklT, One of our favorite events of the year is just one week away! Join us next Tuesday, March 3rd at the 20th Anniversary of the Taste of the South End at the Cyclorama and support the Aids Action Committee. #TOSE15 
http://bit.ly/1zECGau, A Valrhona Chocolate Hot Chocolate makes for an extra decadent Brunch. Hope everyone is having a wonderful weekend!, It’s that time again! Don’t miss out - make your reservations for Dine Out Boston now: http://bit.ly/1DHpaaK #DineOutBoston, We were surprised to see a photo of the restaurant when scrolling through this Daily Mail article about the Snowfall in New England. Hang in there Boston! (Photo via Getty Images) http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2954207/Wind-whipped-snowstorm-slams-New-England-again.html, We guarantee that the Meyer Lemon Meringue Tart is worth the trek through the snow! (Thanks to Instagrammer @ stephanie_qwq for the great photo).

We are open regular hours tonight & hope to see you for dinner! Please note that unfortunately Valet Service will not be available. Thanks for your patience and understanding., We are OPEN tonight! Come join us in the lounge for a drink and dinner. {Please note that Valet Service will not be available since the parking ban is still in effect}., Please note: We will be CLOSED for Brunch this morning due to the weather. Stay safe in the storm & thanks to all of the wonderful couples who joined us last night on Valentine's Day!, Today’s #TBT is a throwback to a beautiful tablescape from an August wedding here at Mistral. Looking forward to all of our 2015 weddings! Photo by Zac Wolf Photography. #ThrowbackThursday, Update! We've just gotten word that the Valet restriction has been lifted and we will have Valet Service available tonight. Hope to see you!, We have plenty of wonderful hors d'oeuvres options for your Private Event here at Le Salon du Mistral. Here's a sampling of what we offer!, Update: We will be closed tonight due to Winter Storm Marcus. We highly recommend our sister property Mooo Restaurant, which will be open all day today and through dinner. We hope to see you later in the week!, Step out of the snow and brighten your week by starting with the Assiette of Baby Beets, Local Goats Cheese, Chardonnay Vinaigrette and Winter Citrus., Thanks to Zagat for including our Apple Cider Donuts on their list of 10 Donuts to Try Right Now! zagat.bz/1z7YLwr, Exciting news! You can now buy individual bags of Tortilleria La Nina tortilla chips online via Mouth. http://www.mouth.com/products/white-corn-tortilla-chips, We will be closed tonight because of the winter storm. Stay safe in the snow and we'll see you tomorrow., We will be closed this Sunday night, February 1st, for the Superbowl. Don’t worry we’ll still be open for Brunch 10:30 AM – 2:00 PM so you can fuel up for the game. Go Pats! (Photo by @trinybop)., Great article today on the The Boston Globe about our Co-Owner, Seth Greenberg. It’s hard to believe that it’s been 18 years! 
http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/style/2015/01/28/seth-greenberg-enjoys-civilized-evening-with-old-pal-scotty-brown/s9xwHbC30OShj0faZIILxK/story.html, We're back open tonight and the best way to warm up from the cold is with a bowl of our French Style Onion Soup with Gruyere Crouton!, We will be closed today due to Winter Storm #Juno. We hope that everyone stays safe through the storm!, Please note that we have adjusted hours tonight. Our last reservation is at 8:00 PM and the kitchen will close at 8:30 PM. Valet Service will not be available. Apologies for any inconvenience and hope to see you tonight! #OpenInBos, We had a great time & a full house today at Lauren's Fundraiser Brunch! Thank you to everyone who came by and made it a success! We're wishing Lauren luck as she continues her training and fundraising for the 2015 Boston Marathon which she's running as a part of Teammr8. 

If you didn't have the chance to join us today, but would like to make a donation to Lauren you can do so here: http://www.firstgiving.com/fundraiser/LaurenMulkigian/bostonmarathon2015, Tonight seems like the perfect night for our Grilled Faroe Island Salmon with Cider Mustard Glaze, Beluga Lentils, and House Made Bacon. Happy Friday!, Have you ever wanted to know what it’s like to have an event in Le Salon du Mistral? Check out the re-cap of blogger Erica’s Bridal Shower this past weekend on Everything Erica! http://www.everythingerica.com/2015/01/20/inside-everything-ericas-bridal-shower/, Have you seen Ostra Privado, the private room at our sister restaurant Ostra Boston? It’s a beautiful space to host your engagement party, birthday party, corporate event or other celebration. For details and availability please email lflores@chgboston.com or call 617.421.1200. http://ostraboston.com/private-events, 11:00 AM means it’s time to Brunch! Photo by @shortstak22. #SundayBrunch, The view looks good from here! Thanks to @zanattajr for the photo., It’s Thursday evening and the Tenderloin pizza is calling your name!, Can you guess what flavor truffles Pastry Chef Shane Gray is making?, null, One of our staff members found this great image of the Pope Building from 1892! Back then the building housed the Pope Manufacturing Company, which was founded by Albert Augustus Pope and manufactured bicycles. #PopeBuilding #Throwback, We always strive to provide a wonderful experience from beginning to end!, Tortilleria La Nina is running a giveaway & the winner will get a case of tortilla chips (10 bags!) just in time for the Super Bowl! Check out the details here: bit.ly/laninatortilla #JustABetterParty #JustABetterChip, Congrats to all of the couples who got engaged over the holidays! We’d be thrilled to help you plan your bridal shower, rehearsal dinner, or wedding day here at Mistral. Please email Lisa Flores at lflores@mistralbistro.com., “Life is uncertain. Eat dessert first.” –Ernestine Ulmer, We’ll be toasting tonight with the Vie en Rose which is a mix of Ketel One vodka, Mistral Limoncello, and Pomegranate Syrup topped with Prosecco., Starting to plan your events for 2015? We’d be thrilled to host you in Le Salon du Mistral. Beautiful desserts like our Crème Brulee are just one custom touch we can add to make your event one of a kind., “Pull up a chair. Take a taste. Come join us. Life is so endlessly delicious.” –Ruth Reichl, Hosting guests for the holiday? Treat them to Sunday Brunch this weekend at Mistral! {Reservations recommended}., We will be closed tomorrow, December 25th. We hope you have a safe and happy holiday! See you on Friday., All is Bright. Thanks to @sweetkiera for this wonderful shot of Mistral from over the weekend., In honor of National Maple Syrup day we’re posting a photo from Sunday Brunch! These are our milk chocolate chip pancakes with banana getting topped with our delicious maple syrup. Photo taken by @traveleatshop. #NationalMapleSyrupDay, Julia is set up in the lounge and ready to help you with gift card purchases. Stop by and join us for a hot cider and a cookie!, Happy National Cocoa Day! You’ll have to wait until Sunday Brunch to celebrate with our Valrhona Chocolate Hot Chocolate, but we promise it’ll be worth it. (Photo by @bostonlushie) #NationalCocoaDay, Last week Le Salon du Mistral transformed into a Winter Wonderland!, Thanks to Shelley of Bakes for Breast Cancer for this wonderful write-up. We look forward to participating in this great event for a great cause every May! http://www.bakesforbreastcancer.org/an-afternoon-at-mistral/, Looks like a great night out for the South End! #ShoptheSouthEnd, Happy National Pastry Day! We plan to celebrate tonight with the Profiteroles. #NationalPastryDay, Follow along! Today on Instagram we’re celebrating Sunday (one of our favorite days of the week!) by posting our favorite brunch photos from guests. http://instagram.com/mistralrestaurant, We’re closed tonight for a private event. Have a wonderful Friday and we hope to see you this weekend!, We’re dressed and ready for the holiday season!, Did you hear that the world’s largest #truffle was unearthed in Italy? That four pound truffle would make for a LOT of Truffle Mac & Cheese. Read the article here via Eater National : http://www.eater.com/2014/12/2/7319185/worlds-biggest-white-truffle, Today is the first day of our Gift Card promo! Purchase $500 worth of CHG Gift Cards and receive a $100 bonus card to treat yourself. *Please note: this offer is not available online. Please visit one of our locations to enjoy this offer. Valid for gift cards purchased 12/1/2014 – 1/15/2015., BosGuy joined us last weekend for Sunday Brunch! Read about his experience here: http://bosguy.com/2014/11/25/restaurant-review-mistral/

You can join us this weekend by calling 617.867.9300 for reservations., A friendly reminder that we are closed today and tomorrow! We'll be open again on Friday. Have a wonderful #Thanksgiving! (Photo credit: Zac Wolf Photography), Hosting guests this holiday weekend? Treat them to Brunch at Mistral this Sunday! Call 617.867.9300 for reservations., We’re closed this Wednesday, November 26th & Thursday, November 27th for the Thanksgiving Holiday. If you’re looking for Thanksgiving Day reservations, our sister property Mooo Restaurant is serving a delicious special! Please call 617.670.2515 for reservations., Need help figuring out which wines to serve with your Thanksgiving meal? Our Beverage Director, David Borsman is sharing his 3 picks: 

1. NV Moët & Chandon Rosé Impérial (Champagne)
Nothing says ‘Celebration’ quite like Champagne, and why not make it a Rose ?!  This classic Champagne—fresh, bright and elegant—is the perfect accompaniment for all those holiday hors d’ouvres, light and rich alike, and will ready the palate for a long day of merry indulgence!  
 
2. 2012 Côte de Brouilly, Château Thivin (Beaujolais)
For entrees we move south to Beaujolais, the land of Gamay.  This lovely wine, from one of the benchmark Crus of Beaujolais, is redolent of wild flowers, berry fruit and spice.  With a hint of something savory too, this will match up with anything at the table.  It is perhaps best described by the man who first imported it here, as not unlike “…a country squire who is not afraid to get his boots muddy. Handsome, virile, earthy, and an aristocrat.”  You know, like that cousin of yours.
 
3. 2010 Sauternes, Haut Charmes (Bordeaux)
Westward, to Bordeaux—and the dessert table.  Sultry and complex, rich yet lively, this classic dessert wine is the perfect way to end the meal.  Brimming with honeysuckle and apricot,  this gorgeous wine has balance, acidity and an endless finish—enjoy into the night., Tis’ the season for holiday parties! The Focaccia with Beef Tenderloin, Horseradish & Arugula was a hit at last night’s cocktail party. Le  Salon du Mistral still has available dates in December and January. Please email Lisa Floes at lflores@mistralbistro.com or call 617.867.9300., Take your best restaurant and food photos yet with the help of these tips from Brian Samuels of A Thought For Food via Gourmande in the Kitchen: http://gourmandeinthekitchen.com/2012/restaurant-photography-tips-brian-samuels/, null, We’re excited to be participating in Pie in the Sky again this holiday season to benefit Community Servings! The sale of just one pie provides 8 meals to homebound individuals and families who are too ill to shop and cook for themselves. http://www.pieinthesky.org/, Ready for the weekend? Us too. #BringonBrunch, Mistral’s concept is inspired by the wind that sweeps through the South of France and our décor is reminiscent of Provence., Le Volte (blue top) is a great by-the-glass addition from the Ornellaia family of wines. Our Beverage Director David Borsman describes it as having  “lively acid, fine tannins, bright cherry fruit. Very drinkable.”, Last week @littlefooddie enjoyed our Wild Mushroom Risotto with Parmesan and Chive. What’s your favorite entrée at Mistral?, Happy Sunday morning! This morning we're loving the Lemon Ricotta Pancakes with Blueberries and Whipped Ricotta. (Photo by @hungry_gals_ne) #SundayBrunch, #Repost from @louisvtony who called our Mistral Truffle Macaroni his "favorite dish of the year." High praise!, It’s never too early to start your holiday shopping! Check everyone off your list early with a Columbus Hospitality Group Gift Card (good towards any of our restaurants or hotels). http://www.columbushospitalitygroup.com/, Can you guess why Tuesday is our favorite day of the week here at Mistral? It’s wine delivery day! We’re busy unpacking plenty of wonderful bottles for you to enjoy. #DeliveryDay, We love the old gas lanterns in Bay Village…especially on a night like tonight! Trick or Treat!, This blueberry plum cobbler with plum swirl gelato was one of Pastry Chef Shane Gray’s recent specials, and trust us, it was unreal! #TBT #ThrowbackThursday, It's a very sad day for our city. Thank you Mayor Tom Menino for your service to the people and the city of Boston., Our Warm Cinnamon Buns at Sunday Brunch are Baked-To-Order and take 15 minutes, but it’s so worth the wait! (Photo taken by @beckyjayy), Tara, you’re welcome here every Sunday Brunch, from now until forever! (Review via Tally), Our Executive Chef Jason Maynard takes pride in knowing that Mistral is the backdrop for lifelong memories. He realizes the responsibility that comes with serving an anniversary, birthday, or proposal dinner and takes this role very seriously. Under his leadership, Mistral has continued to receive excellent reviews and remains one of Boston’s finest dining institutions., This beautiful dessert trio was served today at a private luncheon in Le Salon du Mistral! The trio includes:  Mini Crème Brulée, Mixed Berries with Champagne Sabayon, and Mini Chocolate Pot du Crème. #DessertTrio, Brunch is the best way to celebrate! Congrats to @ableimes who ran the BAA half marathon and treated herself to Sunday brunch and a Bloody Mary here at Mistral. #WillRunforBrunch #MistralBoston, Tonight we’re toasting Friday with a glass of Far From the Tree Cider! We have both Rind (Saison Cider with Coriander and Orange Rind) and Roots (Dry New England Cider) available. #DrinkLocal, It’s a great day here at Mistral – our Truffle delivery just came in! These will be going in our Truffle Mac & Cheese. #Truffles #MistralBoston, Zac Wolf Photography captured a wonderful wedding reception here at Le Salon du Mistral earlier in the summer. Congrats to Laura + Lee. We wish you a lifetime of happiness! #WeddingWednesday #MistralBoston, null, The Boston Center for Adult Education, our neighbor just around the corner, is currently hosting a beautiful gallery show called “The Mood of Food.” The show features 50 images from local food photographer Brian Samuels of the blog,@A A Thought For Food. It’s free and open to the public through the end of November and we suggest you check it out. More information here: http://education.bcae.org/themoodoffood.html #MoodofFood #foodphotography, Happy Columbus Day! We are open and hope to see you tonight for dinner. #OpeninBos, Already dreaming of Sunday brunch? Us too. Thanks to @foodwarriors who shared a photo of our Lemon Poppyseed Pancakes with Blueberries and Whipped Ricotta. #SundayBrunch #MistralBoston, Our special tonight is the delicious Roasted Fig Pizza with Gorgonzola, Prosciutto, Upland Cress, and Port Wine Reduction., Here’s a throwback to Chef Jason Maynard teaching a “Provencal Pairings” class at the Boston Center for Adult Education. #ThrowbackThursday #TBT, Photo by Zac Wolf Photography. http://zacxwolf.com/home/laura-lee-mistral-restaurant-wedding/, What could be lovelier than a crisp fall day in France? We’re getting inspired for the season on our “Francais Automne” board on Pinterest: http://www.pinterest.com/mistralboston/francais-automne/, On Friday we had a great tasting and talk with Far From the Tree Cider and are excited to announce that they will be the first cider ever to be served here at Mistral!
http://www.farfromthetreecider.com/, “All happiness depends on a leisurely breakfast.” 
Thanks to Selin who was visiting from Istanbul and snapped this photo during brunch last weekend., Tonight, we are ordering the Beef Tenderloin Pizza with Mashed Potato & White Truffle Oil., Looks like you enjoyed your Blueberry Pancakes, Fat Orange Cat Studio!, Thank you for this ‘spectacular’ review!, September is National Chicken Month! Partake with our Pan Roasted Cornish Game Hen, Warm Pancetta & Spinach Salad, Lemon & Rosemary., One of our most popular desserts: Warm Chocolate Torte with Vanilla Ice Cream & Sauce Anglaise, Enjoy the beauty of Mistral at Sunday Brunch. For reservations, please call 617-867-9300., Our Artisanal Cheese Assiette with Seasonal House Made Jams works well as an Appetizer or as an accompaniment for after-dinner drinks., Thank you for this great review!, Mistral is available for luncheon and dinner buyouts this holiday season. For inquiries, please contact Lisa Flores at 617-867-9300 or email lflores@mistralbistro.com, Love this shot of your Tuna Tartare, @jooyeonaa. Thanks for sharing on Instagram!, Thank you for this great review!, Summer is over... Good bye to our favorite appetizer this summer: the Chilled Corn Soup with Maine Lobster, Avocado & Jalapeño Oil., Host your next gathering in Le Salon du Mistral! To start planning your event, contact Lisa Flores at 617-867-9300 or lflores@mistralbistro.com, Stop by our bar later for tasty Blackberry Buck cocktail., Thank you @m.boston_summer14 for sharing this great collage on Instagram. Looks like you had a great night!, Have you tried our Bostock at Sunday Brunch?, How do you like to enjoy Sweet Summer Corn?, To inquire about hosting a private event in Le Salon du Mistral, please call Lisa Flores at 617-867-9300 or email lflores@mistralbistro.com., Grilled Tenderloin of Beef, Bordelaise Style with Olive Oil Roasted Asparagus & Horseradish Whipped Potato., We love these locally-grown dahlias from Winston Flowers!, Today is National Cheese Pizza Day! What better excuse to order our Tomato, Mozzarella and Oregano Pizza?, As much as we have loved seeing all the photos from Tanglewood this summer, we are excited for the Boston Symphony Orchestra to be making their way back to Symphony Hall next month!, Le Salon du Mistral is a lovely setting for every special occasion. To start planning your event, please reach out to Lisa Flores at lflores@mistralbistro.com or call 617-867-9300., A beautiful sight: Heirloom Tomato & Buffalo Mozzarella with Aged Balsamic & Extra Virgin Olive Oil prepped and ready to be served for a private event in Le Salon du Mistral., September is California Wine Month! We love the zippy and smooth Honig Sauvignon Blanc. This bright, fruity wine has a medium body and crisp personality with an almost mineral finish that pairs wonderfully with poultry or fish. Join us this evening and indulge in a half bottle!, We are so excited for the Helping Hands Food Festivale! Are we going to see you there?, Happy Labor Day! We will be open for dinner. #OpeninBos, We can’t wait for Sunday Brunch! For reservations, please call (617) 867-9300., We love the idea of dining outside at our sister property, L'Andana Grill in Burlington, @hellocourtney84 loves restaurant week & so do we! #DineOutBoston #RestaurantWeek, Happy Pots de Crème Day! This recipe from Food & Wine looks amazing…
, We love this guide to Wedding China from Boston Magazine #WeddingWednesday, We’ve got plenty of our Dine Out Boston Rosé on ice… will you be joining us for a glass?, The private dining menu in Le Salon du Mistral includes bite-sized hors d'oeuvres with serious flavor. Pictured here is the Crispy Wontons with Tuna Tartare, Soy & Ginger., Visit our website to check out our full Dine Out Boston menu!, Today is Whiskey Sour Day! This old school drink can be prepared a few different ways…We like to use Tennessee whiskey, fresh lemon juice & simple syrup with a maraschino cherry and orange slice as garnish. Traditionalists will shake it up with egg white for a little froth. Some like to top off the cocktail with soda. How do you like yours? #NationalWhiskeySourDay, Have you ever wondered what 20 pounds of pistachios look like? Our Pastry Chef Shane is using them for one of our signature desserts., Do you have a special event on the horizon? Le Salon du Mistral is a great space for brunch, luncheon & dinner events. To start planning, contact Lisa Flores at (617) 867-9300 or lflores@mistralbistro.com, Join us for brunch this Sunday and try our made-to-order Cinnamon Buns., Celebrate National Lemonade Day with our lovely Lavender Lemonade cocktail. Perfect for summer! #NationalLemonadeDay, Thank you to BostInno for including us in their list of 15 Restaurants to Try During Dine Out Boston! For reservations, please call (617) 867-9300., Host an intimate gathering in Le Salon du Mistral. To start planning your event, contact Lisa Flores at (617) 867-9300 or email lflores@mistralbistro.com., The Mistral Caesar Salad with homemade croutons and shaved parmesan is an appetizer option on our Dine Out Boston menu…, Thank you, @restaurantgroupie, for sharing this great picture of your Maine Crab Ravioli with Rock Crab, Thyme & Tomato Broth, It is officially time for Dine Out Boston! We have selected three fabulous wines to feature that are guaranteed to please., How amazing does our Tomato, Mozzarella & Oregano pizza look? We offer it as a passed hors d'oeuvre on our private dining menu. (Photo: Leah Haydock Photography), Happy Birthday to Julia Child! More than just a master chef, Julia was able to use her business sense to change the way Americans viewed cooking French food. Check out this article from Inc. Magazine to learn more…. , Don’t miss out on the most delicious deal of the summer! Zagat has named Sorellina Boston, Mooo Restaurant & Mistral to their list of the 10 best deals during Dine Out Boston. Give us a call for reservations..., Keep your eye out for Tortilleria La Nina chips at your local Whole Foods Market!, @im_kenn thinks we have the “Best Steak in Boston”. Do you agree?, One of our most popular entrée options: Pan Roasted Cornish Game Hen with Warm Pancetta & Spinach Salad and Lemon & Rosemary, Our Boston Crème donuts are a must-have at Sunday Brunch., It is always nice to read kind reviews from happy guests., A charming tablescape in Le Salon du Mistral. For information about private events, contact Lisa Flores at (617) 867-9300 or email LFlores@mistralbistro.com., Treat yourself to our Grilled Tenderloin of Beef, Bordelaise Style with Olive Oil Roasted Asparagus & Horseradish Whipped Potato., Happy Friday! Join us for a King’s Cup cocktail. Made with Bulleit Bourbon, King’s Ginger, Homemade Claret Syrup, Bitters & Lemon, Thank you for taking time to review Mistral on OpenTable!, Our wonderful pastry chefs Courtney & Shane with the beautiful cake they made to celebrate our fifteenth anniversary in 2012. #throwbackthursday, Mark D'Alessandro was recently featured in a USA Today article titled “Restaurant Owners Differ on the Merits of Mobile Tech” , Try our namesake sandwich at Parish Cafe. Le Mistral: Marinated Beef Tenderloin grilled medium rare, served on Ciabatta with Caramelized Onions and Melted Bel Paese Cheese, Seasoned Arugula, Truffle Aioli & Crispy Onions., A Mistral favorite: Dover Sole Meunière with Lemon & Capers, Sauté of Spinach & Onions, Fingerling Potatoes, Our space is available for buyouts. For information, contact Lisa Flores at (617) 867-9300 or lflores@mistralbistro.com, These monkeys always impress us! Mistral and the Columbus Hospitality Group are proud to be corporate sponsors of Helping Hands., It’s almost time for Dine Out Boston! Stay up to date with the Insider’s Guide to Boston Restaurant Week , One of our signature appetizers: Maine Crab Ravioli with Rock Crab, Thyme & Tomato Broth, Have you tried our newest pizza? Summer Corn, Chanterelles, Applewood Smoked Bacon & Scallions, Thanks for sharing on Instagram, @adrianbryce. Hope you enjoyed the chardonnay!, Those onion rings sure do look tasty…, Our event planner Lisa Flores will work with you to create the event of your dreams in Le Salon du Mistral. She can be reached at (617)-867-9300 or at lflores@mistralbistro.com., New to our cocktail list, The Ship of Fools: Plymouth Gin, Green Chartreuse, Pineapple & Lime, Thank you for this wonderful review on Yelp, Lissy R, Have you had a chance to check out the Magna Carta at the MFA?, Le Salon du Mistral is a fabulous space for a wedding reception. For availability, contact Lisa Flores at lflores@mistralbistro.com or 617-867-9300., Chilled Corn Soup with Maine Lobster, Avocado & Jalapeño Oil is back on the menu, Join us for dinner this week! For reservations, give us a call at 617-867-9300., Mistral is named for the strong northwesterly wind that blows through south of France into the Mediterranean. #factfriday, Enjoy our full menu in the lounge…., Chef Maynard has a great appetizer special for us this evening: Local Burrata, Heirloom Tomatoes, La Quercia Prosciutto & Aged Balsamic Vinegar, Join us this evening and sip on one of our delicious new cocktails such as the Blackberry Buck. Made with Milagro Silver, Crème de Cassis, Ginger Beer & Lemon, Le Salon du Mistral is available for lunch and dinner events as well as Sunday brunch. For more information, contact Lisa Flores at 617-867-9300 or email lflores@mistralboston.com., Our sister property, L’Andana, wrote a great blog sharing some tips to create a lovely tablescape at home… , A Mistral classic... the Dessert Assiette for two with crème brulée, pot du crème au chocolate, profiterole & berries with champagne sabayon., Thank you, @emilayfrost, for sharing this great photo from your brunch on Instagram! #regram, The private dining menu for Le Salon du Mistral includes hors d'oeuvres, three-course dinners and buffet options to suit any type of event., Thank you for this fabulous review on Yelp, Jane, New England Revolution player Charlie Davies recently named Mistral as his favorite date spot on Dining Playbook., Join us at the bar tonight for one of our signature cocktails such as the Vie en Rose… Ketel One, Homemade Limoncello, Pomegranate, Prosecco, Our Executive Pastry Chef Shane creates beautifully decorated cakes for private events and reservations. Inquire when making reservations to make your special night a little sweeter., Thanks for sharing your birthday with us, @cutie_kri. Nice choice with the Artisanal Cheese Plate #regram, “Good bread is the most fundamentally satisfying of all foods; and good bread with fresh butter, the greatest of feasts.” –James Beard, The “Dolce Vita” pizza...Valrhona Dark Chocolate, Ricotta & Mascarpone. The sweet life indeed!, The Salon du Mistral is a private dining space suitable for romantic receptions and corporate luncheons alike. For scheduling information, reach out to Lisa Flores at 617-867-9300 or lflores@mistralbistro.com., We agree that our Chocolate Sorbet is to die for… Thanks, Charlotte for the great review on OpenTable!, Today is National Grand Marnier Day... The orange-flavored liqueur was created in 1880 by Alexandre Marnier-Lapostolle, whose descendants still own and operate the distillery in Neauphle-Le-Château, France. Join us to celebrate this evening!, Chef Maynard has a delicious special for us this evening...
Striped Bass Ceviche...Grilled Pineapple, Cucumber, Radish & Avocado, Summer peaches are here! Join us tonight for a delectable dessert special… Semolina Biscuit Peach Cobbler with Butter Pecan Ice Cream, Satisfy your late night cravings at Mistral on Friday and Saturday nights from 11:00 to 11:30 pm., Le Salon du Mistral is a private setting available for corporate events. We provide guests with each courtesy that can be extended including personalized menus, arrangements from Winston Flowers and a range of menu options to please every palate. Contact Lisa Flores at 617-867-9300 for booking information., Join us this Sunday and find out why Mistral has been named “Boston’s Best Brunch” by the Improper Bostonian! Our signature Jumbo Lump Crab & Chive Omelette is second to none…, Have you had the chance to meet the wonderful Joe Earl? Our complimentary Executive Chauffeur Service is available within two miles of the restaurant. Inquire about availability when making reservations!, Big thanks to the Improper Bostonian Magazine for naming Mistral “Boston’s Best Brunch”, A great shot from a wedding reception in Le Salon du Mistral. Our talented event planners ensure that no detail is overlooked! Contact Lisa Flores at 617-867-9300 to start planning your special evening., Congratulations to our sister property, XV Beacon, on being named the #1 Small City Hotel in Boston by Travel + Leisure!, Thank you for this kind review on OpenTable., We will be closed this evening for the Fourth of July. Our sister property, Mooo… is open all day!, We’re already dreaming about Sunday Brunch. Give us a call at 617-867-9300 for reservations., Head on over to Mistral and visit our lovely bartenders Erica & Lauren to celebrate hump day!, How could we resist? This week’s #transformationtuesday is our General Manager Mark D’Alessandro from 1983 to 2014., Did you know that the building that houses Mistral used to be a bicycle factory? The exposed brick in our dining room is from the original space!, Chef Maynard and team attended The Ted Rubin Memorial Golf Tournament last week at The International Golf Club in Bolton, MA to benefit leukemia research at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute., Thanks for the great review on TripAdvisor!, Cheers to the summer season!, Our sister property, Ostra Boston, offers a gorgeous private dining room, Ostra Privado! Please contact Lisa Flores at LFlores@CHGBoston.com for more information!, We love our Seared Foie Gras! Served with Confit of Duck in Brioche with a Wisconsin Dried Cherry Gastrique – So delicious!, Be sure to follow us on Instagram, @MistralRestaurant!, Our classic Profiteroles are a must-try!, Transform Le Salon du Mistral into your dream event! For details, please contact Lisa Flores at LFlores@MistralBistro.com, We’re ordering our signature Grilled Tenderloin of Beef, Bordelaise Style, Olive Oil Roasted Asparagus & Horseradish Whipped Potato for dinner tonight! So delicious, Is it Sunday yet?, Cheers! Thanks for sharing on Instagram, @mfanx!, Beautiful table arrangements in Le Salon du Mistral!, We’re busy in the kitchen tonight – Hope to see you in soon!, Our menu can now be accessed via our Facebook page! Check out our “About” section for more details!, Le Salon du Mistral is a beautiful space, perfect for any celebration! For more information on private dining at Mistral, please contact Lisa Flores at LFlores@MistralBistro.com or 617-867-9300, The patio at our sister property, L'Andana Grill, is now open! We can’t wait to dine al fresco!, For easy online reservations, check out our OpenTable app found on our website! , Be sure to "Like" Ostra Boston for the latest pictures of our newest sister restaurant! , Celebrate your wedding with Mistral! For more information, please contact Lisa Flores at LFlores@MistralBistro.com or 617-867-9300, Happy National Strawberry Rhubarb Pie Day! Celebrate with our yummy Warm Strawberry Rhubarb Croustade with Buttermilk Ice Cream, Great shot of our brunch! Thanks for sharing on Instagram, @Jefffcarlson!, Happy Friday! We hope to see you this weekend!, Check out www.laninatortilla.com for the latest retail store locations and news about our sister property, Tortilleria La Nina! , Stunning flowers from Winston Flowers in Le Salon du Mistral!, The Columbus Hospitality Group gift card is a wonderful gift for any occasion! Available at any of our sister properties: Mistral Restaurant | Teatro Boston | Sorellina Boston | Mooo Restaurant | L'Andana Grill | Ostra Boston | XV Beacon | Inn @ St Botolph, Be sure to follow us on Instagram, @MistralRestaurant!, Happy National Cheese Day! We’ll be celebrating all things fromage with our White Cheese Pizza!, Our Dover Sole is back on the menu! Don’t miss it, Yum! Be sure to "Like" our sister property, Ostra Boston, for the latest news and pictures! , Great brunch shot! Thanks for sharing on Instagram, @anorregaard!, Le Salon du Mistral, the private room at Mistral, is a lovely venue for any celebration. Please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, at LFlores@MistralBistro.com for more information!, Stop in for tonight’s special! Crispy Soft Shell Crab with Avocado Salad, Heirloom Cherry Tomatoes, Chardonnay Lime Vinaigrette & Upland Cress, null, Tonight’s Special: Pork Milanese with Cured Tomatoes, Broccoli Rabe, Green Olives, and Caper Gremolata, Plan your wedding with Mistral! Accommodations are available for our private dining room, Le Salon du Mistral, or for full restaurant buyouts. For more information, please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, at LFlores@MistralBistro.com or 617-867-9300, Dreaming of…., We offer complimentary car service within a 2-mile radius of Mistral! Be sure to inquire with your reservation, Can you name the main ingredients on this Thin Crust Pizza? #TriviaTuesday, So beautiful, XV Beacon! , Transform Le Salon du Mistral into your dream event! For more details on reserving Mistral’s private dining room, please contact Lisa Flores, at LFlores@MistralBistro.com or 617-867-9300, Delicious! Thanks for sharing your Escargots on Instagram, @mfanx, A perfect spring salad! Baby Arugula with Spring Rhubarb Vinaigrette, Ricotta Salata & Marcona Almonds, Cool off this summer with our homemade sorbets from Executive Pastry Chef, Shane Gray. What is your favorite flavor?, Can you guess what our newest special is?, Stop by Whole Foods Newton this afternoon to sample Tortilleria La Nina Tortilla Chips! , A fabulous party in Le Salon du Mistral! For more information on parties at Mistral, please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, at LFlores@MistralBistro.com or 617-867-9300 (Photo: Corinthian Events), Mistral is a proud sponsor of Helping Hands: Monkey Helpers for the Disabled. Check out their page for more information on this wonderful organization! , Crab Ravioli or Wild Boar & Ricotta Gnocchi?, There are still seats open for L'Andana Grill's upcoming wine dinner! 781-270-0100 for more information , For more information on weddings and celebrations in Le Salon du Mistral, please contact Lisa Flores, at LFlores@MistralBistro.com or 617-867-9300 (Photo Credit: Leise Jones Photography), Incredible! Thanks for sharing your Graham Cracker Crusted Challah French Toast from Sunday Brunch on Instagram, @emmheartsfood!, Check out our OpenTable app on our Facebook page and website for reservations: www.mistralbistro.com, Did you know that the Boston Cream Donut is the official donut of Massachusetts? Get your fix at Sunday Brunch! #FactFriday, A must try! Grilled Faroe Island Salmon with Yukon  Gold Puree, English Peas, Fava Beans & Beech Mushrooms, Check out these adorable decorations from a baby shower recently held in Le Salon du Mistral!, Tonight’s Special: Chatham Diver Scallops, Sweet Lime, Persian Cucumbers, Serrano, Cincinnati Radish & Borage, We can’t wait to use L'Andana Grill's honey in our desserts this summer!, Can we join next time? Thanks @andrav23 for sharing on Instagram!, Join us on Google+!, Be sure to check out our newest sister restaurant, Ostra Boston! , Plan your next corporate or social event with Mistral! We can accommodate up to 60 for a seated dinner or 80 for a cocktail reception. For more information, please contact Lisa Flores, at LFlores@MistralBistro.com or 617-867-9300, We had a wonderful time at the Davio's Boston Benefit for the Families of the Fallen Firefighters!, For more information about Mistral, including our full menu, visit us online: www.mistralbistro.com, Join us for dinner this weekend! For reservations, please call 617-867-9300, Check out this wonderful article by Boston Magazine about our sister property, Tortilleria La Nina!, What is your favorite drink at Mistral? We love the ‘Clouseau’ made with Belvedere Pink Grapefruit, Lillet Blanc, St. Germain, Pink Grapefruit, A lovely wedding anniversary held in Le Salon du Mistral! For more information on weddings at Mistral, please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, at LFlores@MistralBistro.com or 617-867-9300, Thank you @lanaxt for sharing your Beef Carpaccio on Instagram!, Spring has sprung! Check out L'Andana Grill's herb garden! , Please join us on Wednesday, May 7th for a benefit for the families of the recent fallen firefighters, hosted by Davio's Boston. For tickets and more information, visit the link below!, Save room for dessert! We will be participating in Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer from now until May 11th. Help us raise money by ordering our Warm Chocolate Torte with Vanilla Ice Cream and Sauce Anglaise, We love seeing your tweets and pictures! Follow us at @MistralBoston, Le Salon du Mistral offers several dining options to suit your party's needs! For more information on private dining at Mistral, please contact Lisa Flores at LFlores@MistralBistro.com or 617-867-9300, Be sure to follow us on Instagram, @MistralRestaurant!, Great list of things to do in Boston! Thanks for sharing, XV Beacon! , Please join us on Wednesday, May 7th for a tasting event, hosted by Davio's Boston, to benefit the families of the fallen firefighters, Lt. Edward Walsh Jr. and Firefighter Michael R. Kennedy. For tickets and more information, follow the link below:, Plan your wedding with Le Salon du Mistral! We can accommodate up to 60 guests for a seated reception.  Please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, at LFlores@MistralBistro.com or 617-867-9300 for more information, Cinco de Mayo is almost here! Celebrate with Tortilleria La Nina!, Thank you Urban Foodie Finds for the wonderful blog post! Check it out below! , We loved this setup from a recent birthday party in Le Salon du Mistral!, Great looking Steak & Eggs at Sunday Brunch! Thanks for sharing on Instagram, @c_townsend2!, One of our favorites here at Mistral: Carrot Cake with Pecan Toffee Glaze and Cream Cheese Ice Cream – So delicious!, Perfect spring flowers in Le Salon du Mistral!, Great shot of our Mushroom Carpaccio! Thanks for sharing on Instagram, @petiteglamgirl!, Our private dining and event space, Le Salon du Mistral, is a wonderful venue for your next gathering. For more information, please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, at LFlores@MistralBistro.com or 617-867-9300, Executive Pastry Chef, Shane Gray has been preparing homemade vanilla extract for our vanilla ice cream. He has soaked vanilla beans in Bully Boy Distillers rum in oak barrels for the past six months! #TransformationTuesday, Can you guess what Executive Pastry Chef, Shane Gray, has been preparing for the past six months? We’ll reveal later! #TransformationTuesday, Our staff wearing ‘Boston Strong’ stickers this evening! Congratulations to those who finished the Boston Marathon today! #BostonStrong, Best of luck to those participating in the Boston Marathon today! #BostonStrong, Lounge with us tonight! Our lounge is the perfect spot for relaxing with friends over drinks and dinner!, Join our sister property, Tortilleria La Nina, for a Cinco de Mayo Block Party with Taza Chocolate on Saturday, May 3rd! , Le Salon du Mistral, our gorgeous private room, is available for private dinners and cocktail parties. Please contact Lisa Flores at LFlores@MistralBistro.com for more information, Be sure to follow us on Instagram, @MistralRestaurant, Yum!! Check out L'Andana Grill's newest spring cocktail! , We love this article on, “How to Arrange Spring Florals” via Domaine – What flowers are you looking forward to seeing this spring?, Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings and the City of Boston today. #BostonStrong , Our Hot Valrhona Chocolate looks like a work of art! Thanks for sharing on Instagram, @ssingh42!, A lovely wedding recently held in Le Salon du Mistral! For more information on weddings at Mistral, please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, at LFlores@MistralBistro.com or 617-867-9300 (Photo Credit: Wayne E. Chinnock Photography Co., www.lovedaysphotography.com), So delicious! Be sure to "Like" our sister property Ostra Boston for their latest pictures and updates! , null, Thanks for tagging us on Instagram, @pinsiri! Be sure to follow us, @MistralRestaurant!, Stop in for any of our Thin Crust Pizzas from the Grill!, Our staff at a recent Adelsheim Vineyard wine tasting with vineyard Co-Founder & President, David Adelsheim!, We love seeing unique party decorations and favors in our private room, Le Salon du Mistral! (Photo Credit: JessFoto), We’re pinning some warm weather inspirations on Pinterest! Be sure to check them out here: www.pinterest.com/mistralboston, New to the menu! “Whole Roasted” Bronzino with Yukon Potatoes, Jumbo Lump Crab & Ginger Lime Broth – So yummy!, Stop by Whole Foods Market- Symphony tomorrow, April 9th for a Tortilleria La Nina demonstration! Sample quesadillas made from La Nina’s 6” tortillas!, Did you know our sister property, XV Beacon, is a pet friendly hotel? Check out www.xvbeacon.com for more details! , Le Salon du Mistral is a lovely space for a wedding reception! For more information, please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, at LFlores@MistralBistro.com or 617-867-9300. (Photo Credit: Leah Haydock Photography), Our Director of Operations and General Manager, Mark D’Alessandro, recently guest spoke about hospitality and service at The Briar Group annual manager meeting!, Be sure to check out our full menu, available on our website! www.mistralbistro.com/menus/dinner, Tonight’s special: Grilled Swordfish with Parsnip Puree, Grilled Spring Onion, and Spring Pea Salad with Guanciale Vinaigrette & Vin Cotto, Stunning picture! Be sure to "Like" our sister property, Ostra Boston, for the latest news and updates! , Gorgeous design provided by Winston Flowers from a recent event in Le Salon du Mistral!, Thank you Eater Boston for featuring our Dolce Vita pizza in, “Six Dessert Pizzas to Have Now” , Tonight’s special: Rib Eye, Baby Vegetables, and Parsley Root Puree with Vincotto, Bearnaise Sauce, Bone Marrow Butter, and Au Poivre, Thank you Zagat for featuring our sister property, Ostra Boston, and us in “9 Non-Beef Carpaccio Favorites” for our Grilled Portobello Mushroom Carpaccio! Our other favorite non-beef Carpaccio? Pineapple Carpaccio with Olive Oil and Sea Salt served at Brunch! www.zagat.com/b/boston/9-non-beef-carpaccio-favorites, Tortilleria La Nina looking great at Fruit Center Marketplace in Milton! For a full list of La Nina retailers, please visit: www.laninatortilla.com/store, Yum, looks amazing! Thanks for sharing your photo on Instagram, @_kchen!, Le Salon du Mistral is a beautiful space for your summer nuptials! Please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, at LFlores@MistralBistro.com or 617-867-9300 for more information, Plan your special day with Mistral! Le Salon du Mistral is available for wedding ceremonies and receptions. Please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, at LFlores@MistralBistro.com or 617-867-9300 for more information, We offer complimentary car service within a 2-mile radius of Mistral! Be sure to inquire with your reservation, null, There is nothing better than freshly powdered Chocolate Chip Pancakes - See you Sunday!, Be sure to check out Helping Hands: Monkey Helpers for the Disabled, a wonderful organization that provides service monkeys to those with spinal cord injuries, mobility limiting conditions, and for veterans. Follow the link below for more information on this amazing program!
, A spectacular private event recently held in Le Salon du Mistral! For more information on events in our private room, please contact Lisa Flores at LFlores@MistralBistro.com or 617-867-9300, It's one of our favorites too! Be sure to check out the Ostra Boston page for news and updates! , Great shot of our Tenderloin! Thanks for sharing on Instagram, @alexjoachim!, Join us for the final week of Dine Out Boston! Reserve a table via our OpenTable app located on our Facebook page or website | www.mistralbistro.com, This is the LAST week to submit culinary questions to Executive Chef Jason Maynard! Be sure to include the hashtag, #AskMaynard with your questions!, Happy Friday! Join us at the bar tonight!, Looking good Tortilleria La Nina! Be sure to pick up a bag of La Nina Chips for the weekend! , Thank you Zagat for featuring us in, "10 Dine Out Boston Reservations to Make Right Now"! , Can you guess how we’re celebrating National Ravioli Day?, Spend a cozy evening with friends and family in Le Salon du Mistral! We can accommodate up to 60 guests for a seated dinner and 80 guests for a cocktail reception., A sneak peek at one of our Dine Out Boston menu items! Grilled Faroe Island Salmon with Beluga Lentils, Housemade Bacon, and Cider Mustard Glaze. Also available on our current dinner menu!, Our sister property, Ostra Boston, is having an Instagram contest! Upload your best shot for a chance to win a $50 Columbus Hospitality Group gift certificate!, Great shot by @kcuv23! Thanks for sharing on Instagram!, A gorgeous table setting at a wedding in Le Salon du Mistral! For more information on weddings and events in our private room, please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, at LFlores@MistralBistro.com or 617-867-9300, Don’t forget we’re holding an “Ask the Chef” series! Submit your culinary Q’s using the hashtag, #AskMaynard and our very own Executive Chef, Jason Maynard, will answer throughout the month of March!, Be sure to "Like" our sister property, Ostra Boston, for the latest news, updates, and pictures! , Join us for Dine Out Boston! Three-course dinner menu for $38pp, tax and gratuity not included. Sunday-Friday, March 16th-21st & March 23rd-28th. Saturdays not included.  Check out some of our menu items here!, Will you be joining us for Brunch this Sunday?, Plan your wedding with Mistral! We can accommodate 60 guests for a seated reception. Please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, at LFlores@MistralBistro.com or 617-867-9300 for more information! (Photo Credit: Leah Haydock Photography), Check out these pictures from a recent private event at Mistral!, We love this! A gorgeous tablescape from a recent wedding at our sister property, L'Andana Grill, We were so thrilled to be apart of Taste of the South End, a benefit for the AIDS Action Committee here in Boston!, A lovely baby shower held in Le Salon du Mistral!, Can we join you for brunch next time? Thanks for sharing on Instagram, @tumtuigong!, Be sure to submit your culinary questions via Facebook, Twitter (@MistralBoston), or Instagram (Mistral Restaurant), using the hashtag #AskMaynard and our very own Executive Chef Jason Maynard will answer throughout the month of March!, Congratulations to Ostra Boston and Executive Chef Mitchell Randall for the stellar review by Devra First in The Boston Globe! Check out the review below! , Our loose leaf teas are from local company, MEM Tea Imports, an importer of teas from all over the world. Their strict selection criteria has remained constant and are based on three pillar principals: 1) flavor and palatably, 2) good economic value, and 3) brew-ability. What is your favorite MEM tea? #FactFriday, Which appetizer would you choose tonight? Wild Boar Ricotta Gnocchi, Crab Ravioli, or Beet Salad?, Great shot by @dattis_fotos! Thanks for sharing on Instagram!, Is it Sunday yet? We can’t wait to dig into this Foraged Mushroom, Spinach & Gruyere Frittata!, Be sure to follow us on Twitter, @MistralBoston! https://twitter.com/MistralBoston, Happy Fat Tuesday! We’re showing you how to make a ‘Sazerac’, the official cocktail of New Orleans! In 1838, Antoine Amedie Peychaud, owner of a New Orleans apothecary, delighted his friends with a mix of cognac and a dash of his secret bitters, using a double-ended egg cup as a measuring cup, then known as a "coquetier" (pronounced "ko-k-tay"), from which the word "cocktail" was derived. Thus, the world's first cocktail was born!, We love these festive table accessories at a recent wedding in Le Salon du Mistral! (Photo Credit: JessFoto), We’re excited to announce our “Ask the Chef” series for the month of March! Post, Tweet, or Instagram your questions, using the hashtag, #AskMaynard, and our very own Executive Chef Jason Maynard will answer your culinary queries!, Join us tomorrow, March 4th for Taste of the South End – A benefit for AIDS Action Committee. For more information, including participating restaurants, please visit: , The finishing touches on our Prime Sirloin, “Steak & Eggs” – See you Sunday!, Our sister property, Ostra Boston, will be participating in the 14th annual, "Chefs Cooking For Hope" to benefit the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute on Thursday, March 6th. Sample delicious foods, signature cocktails, and specialty wines for a great cause! For tickets and more information, please visit the link below:, A sweet ending to a fabulous meal! Thank you Luxe Tiffany for sharing your photo on Instagram!, An event not to be missed! Join us on March 4th for Taste of the South End to benefit AIDS Action Committee, a leader in the fight to end the AIDS epidemic here at home. For more information please visit the link below:, Carrot Cake or Profiteroles?, There is nothing better than warming up with French Style Onion Soup “En Croute” with Gruyère!, Le Salon du Mistral is the perfect space for your next cocktail party! We offer several dining options to suit your needs! Please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, at LFlores@MistralBistro.com or 617-867-9300 for more information, We’re on Google+! Be sure to add us to your circles!, Tuna Tartare or Foie Gras?, Happy National Tortilla Chip Day! We’ll be celebrating with fresh tortilla chips from our sister property, Tortilleria La Nina. For more information on ordering and retail locations, please check out their site below!, Happy Weekend! Stop in for a King’s Cup – Bulleit Bourbon, King’s Ginger, Homemade Claret Syrup, Bitters & Lemon, We offer several lunch items on our Sunday Brunch menu including this delicious Wild Mushroom Risotto with Parmesan & Chive. Check out the rest of our menu items here: http://mistralbistro.com/menus/brunch/, We will be closed tonight, February 20th, for a buyout. See you tomorrow!, Simply amazing! Thanks for sharing on Instagram, @melomochi, Did you know our sister property, XV Beacon, is a pet-friendly hotel? Pamper your pup with homemade healthy dog biscuits, a plush bed, and turn down water. Dog sitting and walking can be arranged prior to arrival!, A spectacular wedding ceremony and reception recently held in Le Salon du Mistral! 
(Photo Credit: JessFoto), We are proud to announce our participation in this year’s Taste of the South End to benefit AIDS Action Committee, held at the Boston Center for the Arts! For tickets and more information on this wonderful event, please check out the link below:, A gorgeous table setup from a springtime birthday dinner in Le Salon du Mistral! For more information on dining in our private room, please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, at LFlores@MistralBistro.com or 617-867-9300, We love this food and wine pairing guide by Real Simple – What are your favorite food and wine pairings? , Happy Valentine's Day! Tonight's specials: Pan Roasted Halibut with Celery Root Puree, Confit Baby Fennel, Champagne Bereche & Red Velvet Cake with Cream Cheese Ice Cream and Raspberry Rose Water French Macarons, Happy National Tortellini Day! Celebrate tonight with our Braised Shortrib Tortellini with Beech Mushrooms, Fine Herbs & Madeira, We can’t wait for Sunday Brunch! Thanks for sharing your photo on Instagram, @anrukaibi!, Join us for Brunch this Sunday! Our picks? Red Sangria, Pineapple Carpaccio, and Belgian Waffle with Fresh Berries, Chantilly Cream, and Sugar Powder. Yum!, Happy #WineWednesday! We suggest 2009 Tolaini ‘Valdisanti’ from Tuscany. Valdisanti is an elegant, full-bodied blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Cabernet Franc with spicy complexity imparted by its time in French oak. Patient cellaring is rewarded as it permits Valdisanti to mature further in the bottle allowing tannins to mellow, thus enriching its complexity., Looking to travel outside the city with your Valentine? Check out of sister property, L'Andana Grill, for an amazing Three Course Valentine's Day Dinner!, We love these adorable homemade Valentine’s Day cards! Do you prefer homemade or store-bought cards? 
, Tonight's Special: Pan Roasted Tilefish, Celery Root Purée, Confit Baby Fennel, Champagne Buerre Blanc & Candied Lemon - So yummy!, Check out our inspiration boards on Pinterest! Follow us at, Mistral Boston!, French cheeses stand out because of the Appellation d’Origine Protegée (AOP). This is a system that guarantees certified French cheeses and wines are made in a specified region using agreed production methods. The cheese is made by craftsmen rather than mass produced in factories. #FrenchFactFriday, An amazing party in Le Salon du Mistral! For more information on our private events, please contact Lisa Flores at LFlores@MistralBistro.com or 617-867-9300
(Photos: Corinthian Events), Can you guess the ingredients in our White Cheese Pizza?, Yum! Thank you @jackytfu for sharing your Sunday brunch on Instagram!, Our last reservations will be at 8:30 pm tonight, February 5th. Valet parking is available. Stay warm!, Check out this interesting article on, “6 Knives You Can’t Live Without” – Executive Chef, Jason Maynard cannot live without his chef’s knife! He says, “A sharp chef’s knife and good knife skills will be able to do all the tasks of any of the other five.” Good to know!, What is your favorite dessert in our Mistral Assiette for Two?, Are you following us on Twitter? Tweet us, @MistralBoston!, Tonight’s Special: Red Wine Braised Boar, House-Made Ricotta Gnocchi, Vermont Butter & Parmesan, Assiette of Baby Beets, Soft Goat Cheese, Winter Citrus & Chardonnay Vinaigrette – Delicious!, Congratulations to @jmantis9787! You are the winner of our Instagram contest! We will contact you for details. Thank you all for your submissions. We hope you enjoyed #MistralMoments as much as we did!, We will be closed Sunday night, February 2nd for the Super Bowl. We will be open for brunch, 10:30 am until 2:00 pm., A delicious start to Brunch – Hot Valrhona Chocolate with Hand-Crafted Marshmallow!, Brand new Mandarin Macarons from Executive Pastry Chef, Shane Gray!, Be sure to vote for your favorite #MistralMoment! The winner will receive a $50 Columbus Hospitality Group gift card!, We suggest 2010 Quintessa ‘Rutherford’ from Napa, California. The winery’s eco-sensitive design integrates nature and winemaking with a gravity flow process, naturally cooled winery, and various caves. Grapes are crushed on the winery roof and flow by gravity into the fermentation room below. Very interesting! #WineWednesday, Plan your spring wedding with Mistral! We offer various dining options for bridal showers, rehearsal dinners, ceremonies, and receptions. Please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, at LFlores@MistralBistro.com or 617-867-9300
(Photo Credit: Roberto Farren Photography), New to the menu this season! Braised Lamb Osso Bucco, Goats Cheese Polenta, Oven Cured Tomato & Broccolini - So amazing!, Beef Carpaccio or Crab Ravioli?, Egg Benedict and a Mimosa – the perfect way to start a Sunday! Thanks for the Instagram share, @djovicic!, Thank you all for your #MistralMoments submissions! We chose our favorite three, shown below. Vote by "Liking" your favorite photo and/or "Sharing" your favorite photo. Each "Like" and "Share" will count as one vote. Voting ends on 1/31. Good luck!, Be sure to "Like" our newest sister restaurant, Ostra Boston for the latest pictures and updates! We love their Grilled Spanish Octopus!, Did you know there are approximately 49 million bubbles in a standard size bottle of Champagne? Enjoy some bubbly tonight! #FactFriday, We love this ‘Rye Tai’ – George Dickel Rye Whisky, Combier, Monin Orgeat, Lime & Pineapple, These Profiteroles look amazing! Thanks for sharing on Instagram, @munaleissa, Chocolate Chip or Lemon Poppyseed?, null, Passed Hors d'Oeuvres from a recent cocktail party in Le Salon du Mistral!, Our last reservations will be at 8:00 pm tonight, January 21st, due to the impending snowstorm. Valet parking will not be available due to the city-wide parking ban. Thank you!, A recent wedding ceremony at our gorgeous sister property, L'Andana Grill!, “The more you know, the more you can create. There's no end to imagination in the kitchen.” –Julia Child, Submit your photos with the hashtag, #MistralMoments, to our Facebook page, Tweet us, or tag us on Instagram, until January 27th for a chance to win a $50 Columbus Hospitality Group gift card!, A perfect pancake! Thanks for sharing, @katelambroza, The beautiful Private Dinning Room at our sister property, Ostra Boston, is now available for bookings! Please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, at LFlores@MistralBistro.com or 617-421-1200 for more information!, Amazing dessert special tonight! Sticky Toffee Pudding with Roasted Banana Gelato and Pecan Crunchies, Jumbo Lump Crab & Chive Omelet, Vermont Butter, Sea Salt | See you Sunday! #Brunch, Our staff tasted 2010 Chateau-Haut-Beausejour Saint-Estèphe. Its varietals include 53% Merlot and 47% Cabernet Sauvignon that is matured in oak casks from Central France for 12 months – Fabulous! #WineWednesday, Staff wine tasting! Check back later for one of the wines featured in this tasting #WineWednesday, Can you name the five permitted red grapes that make up a true, red Bordeaux wine? #TriviaTuesday, A beautiful wedding reception in Le Salon du Mistral – We love the table design! For more information on weddings at Mistral, please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, at LFlores@MistralBistro.com or 617-867-9300 
(Photo Credit: Leah Haydock Photography), Don’t forget about our January photo contest! Submit your photos via Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram, using the hashtag, #MistralMoments for a chance to win a $50 Columbus Hospitality Group gift card!, Looking for an incredible dining experience outside the city? Check out our sister property, L'Andana Grill, located in Burlington, MA! , Tonight's special: House-Made Spaghetti with Manilla Clams, Garlic, Serrano, White Wine & Oregano, Tonight we’ll be enjoying our Beef Tenderloin, Mashed Potato & White Truffle Oil pizza in our lounge! Will you be joining us?, Be sure to add us in your circle! Follow us on Google+, We prefer our Deviled Eggs truffled – See you Sunday! #Brunch, New to the menu - Braised Shortrib Tortellini! Served with Beech Mushrooms, Fine Herbs & Madeira. Perfect comfort food!, We love the idea of hosting a private dinner party with friends on a cold winters’ night! Our menu choice? Lamb’s Lettuce Salad, Pan Roasted Prime Sirloin, and Apple Tart!, Thank you @phuongydiep for sharing your recent meal in Le Salon du Mistral! Looks tasty!, Wedding or special event on the horizon? We found some great tips on how to write the perfect toast for any celebration!, Don’t forget to submit your #MistralMoments via Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram for our January photo contest! The winner will receive a $50 Columbus Hospitality Group Gift Card!, Be sure to "Like" our sister property, Inn @ St Botolph! All Facebook fans of the Inn receive 10% off their stay! , Warm up with us tonight! We’re open normal business hours. Valet is available., Be sure to "Like" our sister company, Tortilleria La Nina, for the latest news and retailer locations! , Mistral will be open until 8:00 pm tonight. We are not offering valet parking due to the city-wide parking ban. Thank you!, Plan your special day with Mistral! Le Salon du Mistral is the perfect venue for a beautiful ceremony and reception. Please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, at LFlores@MistralBistro.com or 617-867-9300 for more information
(Photo Credit: Roberto Farren Photography), We will be closed today, January 1st. Happy New Year!, A message from our Vice President of Operations, Mark D’Alessandro: Thank you to all of our loyal supporters for a great 2013. Best wishes for a successful and happy 2014!, New Year's Eve Specials: Oysters Rockefeller and 3 lb Maine Lobster Navarin with Vermont Butter and Espelette, Tonight's (gorgeous) Dessert Special: Crispy Citrus Meringue | Tangerine Curd, Blood Orange Syrup, Pineapple Sorbet, Mixed Berries, Be sure to follow us, @MistralRestaurant, on Instagram! Thanks for sharing your meal, @jetlife_91, Our Half “Whole Roasted” Duck & Wild Mushroom Risotto with Dried Wisconsin Cherry Gastrique – So delicious!, We’re welcoming the New Year with a #MistralMoments photo contest! Submissions may be made via Facebook, Twitter (@MistralBoston), Instagram (@MistralRestaurant), or Google+ (Mistral Boston) from now until January 27th. We will pick our top three, and YOU will be able to vote until February 3rd! The winner will receive a $50 Columbus Hospitality Group Gift Card! Don’t forget to use the hashtag #MistralMoments in all of your submissions!, Check out this spread! Thanks for sharing on Instagram, @jcov_m!, Be sure to "Like" our newest sister property, Ostra Boston, for the latest news, pictures, and updates! , What is your favorite Thin Crust Pizza at Mistral?, “No matter which restaurant I go to, not just in Boston but anyplace – Mistral is always one of the best. Mussels, pizza and then steak – not sure it can be beaten. Have been going for years and it just keeps getting better” ~ TripAdvisor #review | www.mistralbistro.com, We will be closed tomorrow, December 25th. We hope you have a safe and happy holiday! See you Thursday., We love these festive holiday decorations and place settings from a recent party in Le Salon du Mistral!, What is your favorite cold weather dish? We love Lobster Bisque and Pan Roasted Prime Sirloin!, Our sister property, Mooo Restaurant, will be open for Christmas dinner and serving their À La Carte Menu! Check out their menu here:, Did you know a traditional French Christmas menu consists of raw oysters, escargots, foie gras, smoked salmon, scallops and Champagne? What are your holiday food traditions? #FrenchFactFriday, Sweet or Savory?, Remember any of these party foods of the 1970’s? Our General Manager, Mark, remembers receiving these cheese logs for the holidays!  #ThrowbackThursday, Book your next winter cocktail reception in Le Salon du Mistral! We can accommodate up to 80 guests. Please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, at LFlores@MistralBistro.com or 617-867-9300, Live life in pink with our “Vie en Rose”, Stop by any Columbus Hospitality Group location after 11:00 am to pick up a CHG Gift Card! Buy $500 in gift cards and receive a $100 bonus card! Offer available onsite only., We love this winter centerpiece in Le Salon du Mistral!, null, Be sure to geotag ‘Mistral’ when sharing your photos on Instagram! That Bloody Mary looks amazing! Thanks @lalabaldini!, The Tortilleria La Nina team will be Whole Foods Market Charles River Plaza BOSTON tomorrow, 12/17 from 2-4. Sample some La Nina Chips and homemade dip! , We’re obsessed with this Pan Roasted Cornish Game Hen – Served with Warm Pancetta & Spinach Salad and Lemon & Rosemary. So tasty!, "Le Salon du Winter Wonderland", For a complete list of  Tortilleria La Nina Chip retailers, check out their website below!, We just added a new Holiday inspiration board on Pinterest! Check it out here: http://www.pinterest.com/mistralboston/holiday/, ‘Tis the season for giving! Rickshaw Wines is committed to donating 5 percent of the gross profit from each bottle to food-related charities in the states where it is sold. Do some good while enjoying a glass Cabernet Sauvignon! #WineWednesday, Gorgeous wedding cake from a wedding in Le Salon du Mistral!  

(Photo Credit: Leah Haydock Photography), “Waffle art #nofilter” – Love this shot by @pvij, Check out Just Add Cheese's blogger review of Ostra Boston! , Have you tried our Maine Crab Ravioli? It's one of our most popular appetizers!, A fabulous December gift card promotion – Buy $500 worth of Columbus Hospitality Group gift cards and receive a $100 bonus card! Offer available for onsite gift card purchases only., Steamed Black Mussels or Lobster Bisque?, There are still dates available in December to book a holiday event or luncheon in Le Salon du Mistral! Please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, at LFlores@MistralBistro.com or 617-867-9300, Tortilleria La Nina Tortilla Chips made Formaggio Kitchen's Top 10 of 2013 list! Check out the link below for their review! , The Columbus Hospitality Group Gift Card is the perfect gift for this holiday season! Accepted at any of our award-winning restaurants and lodging, including our newest sister property, Ostra Boston! Follow the link for easy online ordering., Our decadent Foie Gras! Served seared with Confit of Duck in Brioche & Wisconsin Dried Cherry Gastrique, We're thrilled to announce our newest sister property, Ostra Boston, is officially open! For reservations, please call 617-421-1200, Executive Pastry Chef, Shane uses freshly shaven chocolate for our Dolce Vita Pizza! #TransformationTuesday, Can you guess what Executive Pastry Chef, Shane is making with this freshly shaven chocolate? #TransformationTuesday, We're so happy we were able to contribute pies to Community Servings #PieintheSky this year! For more information on how you can get involved with this great organization, follow the link below: https://servings.org/buyflow/donate.cfm, Thank you so much to a recent Mistral diner for the exceptional review!, Thank you @jianyi911 for sharing this great photo on Instagram! Don’t forget to follow us, @MistralRestaurant and tag our location so we can share your pictures!, Plan your next celebration in Le Salon du Mistral. We can accommodate 60 for dinner and 85 for a cocktail reception. Please contact Lisa Flores at LFlores@MistralBistro.com or 617-867-9300 for more information. 

(Photo Credit: Roberto Farren Photography), We will be closed tomorrow, 11/28, for Thanksgiving. We hope you have a wonderful holiday!, Happy #WineWednesday! Today we’re featuring, ‘The Prisoner’. This wine features enticing aromas of bing cherry, espresso, and roasted fig. Persistent flavors of ripe raspberry, pomegranate, and wild berry linger harmoniously for a smooth and luscious finish!, Chef Jason Maynard shared his stuffing recipe (featured in today's video) exclusively for our Facebook fans!, Chef Jason Maynard tells us his favorite #Thanksgiving side dish!, Hosting guests this holiday weekend? Treat them to brunch at Mistral this Sunday! Please call 617-867-9300 for reservations, Be sure to "Like" Tortilleria La Nina for the latest La Nina Chip news and retail locations! , We still have a few dates available in December to book a private event! Please contact Lisa Flores at LFlores@MistralBistro.com or 617-867-9300 for more information, Did you know the cuisine from each different region in France differs greatly? The Provence region uses olive oils, tomatoes and herbs in many dishes. In Normandy, the food is influenced by butter, crème fraiche and apples. The Alps region is known for its cheese dishes, including fondue and raclette, while the Alsace region has a strong German influence which includes beer and sauerkraut. #FrenchFactFriday, One of our favorite cocktails at Mistral: The Clousseau - Belvedere Pink Grapefruit, Lillet Blanc, St. Germain, and Pink Grapefruit, Our favorite season is upon us: Truffle Season., Try our Trefethen Chardonnay tonight! Tropical and floral aromas highlight the Chardonnay while honeysuckle, apple, pear and lemon zest fill the palate. Perfectly paired with our Dover Sole! Trefethen is available by the glass or bottle. #WinePairingWednesday, null, Apple. Cider. Donuts., Le Salon du Mistral is the perfect space for your next special event! For more information, please contact our Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, at LFlores@MistralBistro.com or 617-867-9300, Be sure to "Like" Tortilleria La Nina for the latest La Nina news and updates! There will be a La Nina Chip Demo at Whole Foods Market Brighton tomorrow (11/19) at 1:00 pm! , We’ll take one of everything. Thanks for sharing, @itsdanielcs!, Our latest Sirloin presentation! Pan Roasted Prime Sirloin “Au Poivre” with Root Vegetable Hash, Cognac & Green Peppercorns, Be sure to "Like" our newest sister property, Ostra Boston, the latest news and updates! , Be sure to "Like" Columbus Hospitality Group for the latest CHG news! , Le Salon du Mistral is so cozy with the fireplace lit!, Michael Wellikoff from M.S Walker Inc presenting wine selections to our staff!, The Columbus Hospitality Group gift card is the perfect gift for the upcoming holiday season! Available at all of our award-winning restaurants and lodging! To purchase online, please see link below:, Planning any holiday parties this year? Check out our ‘Holiday Parties’ inspiration board on Pinterest now! 
http://www.pinterest.com/mistralboston/holiday-parties/, Book your next gathering in Le Salon du Mistral! Our private dining space has availability for 60 seated and 80 for a cocktail party. For more information, please contact Lisa Flores at LFlores@MistralBistro.com or 617-867-9300, Dover Sole or Beef Tenderloin?, Don’t forget to tag us on Instagram (@MistralRestaurant) and include our location so we can share your pictures! How pretty is this brunch photo from @dasfancy?, Our kitchen is buzzing! Hope to see you this weekend!, Need a weekend away? Check out our sister property, Inn @ St Botolph! , Tonight's specials: Serrano Ham, Manchego, Quince Paste, Marcona Almonds with Toasted Ciabatta and a Sirloin Carpaccio with Lemon Garlic Aioli, Pickled Serrano, Toasted Ciabatta & Radish. Will you be joining us?!, Plan your holiday party with Mistral! Our dining room and Le Salon du Mistral are available for your next event – please contact our Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, at LFlores@MistralBistro.com or 617-867-9300, Have you tried our gorgeous Prime Steak Tartare? It is the perfect appetizer before any meal!, Thank you so much to a recent Mistral diner for this fabulous review! We truly appreciate it when guests take time to leave feedback!, Be sure to "Like" our newest sister property, Ostra Boston, to stay up-to-date on the latest Ostra news!, Le Salon du Mistral is the perfect space for your next holiday gathering. Beautiful, custom flower arrangements from Winston Flowers will personalize any party! For more information, please contact Lisa Flores at LFlores@MistralBistro.com or 617-867-9300, If you HAD to choose between Mistral appetizers, which would you choose?, Check out this delicious Sunday Brunch spread! Thanks to @bostoncommonmag for sharing and tagging us on Instagram!, Curious about our Lamb’s Lettuce? Lamb’s Lettuce is a salad green with soft, velvety dark green leaves. Paired with Soft Goat Cheese, Peacan Melba, and Apple Cider Vinaigrette, it is the perfect appetizer! #FoodFactFriday, Will you be spending #SundayFunday brunch with us?, We’re ‘fall’ing for our Butternut Squash Tortellini! Served with Brown Butter with Sage & Amaretti. Delish!, Happy Halloween! We love these spooky appetizers and eerie entrees!, Check out our Beef Tenderloin, Mashed Potato & White Truffle Oil Pizza featured in the Improper Bostonian Magazine! Read the rest of the article here: http://www.improper.com/features/there-will-be-spud/?page=single, Check out a sneak peak inside our newest sister property, Ostra Boston! , Congratulations to our very own Tony Gesamondo for winning “Best Parking Valet in Massachusetts” by the MA Restaurant Association (MRA)! Tony, along with our General Manager and VP of Operations, Mark D'Alessandro, Executive Chef, Mitch Randall, and Beverage Director David Borsman attended last nights, “Stars of the Industry Gala.” We are so proud of your amazing accomplishment, Tony!, Did you know that Provence is the oldest winegrowing region in France? The first wines produced were Rosés. What is your favorite French wine? #TriviaTuesday, Check out Tortilleria La Nina's Tortilla Chips display at Whole Foods Market (Hingham, MA)!, Happy National Chocolate Day! How will you be celebrating today?, L'Andana Grill now accepting reservations for Thanksgiving dinner! , Hosting a football tailgate this Sunday? These appetizers will be a touchdown with your guests!, Is it Sunday yet?, Our very own Chef Jamie Mammano will be at Whole Foods Hingham on Saturday, 10/26 from 10:00-2:00. Sample Chef's own guacamole and Tortilleria La Nina Tortilla Chips! , Pair any of our Châteauneuf du Pape wines with our Sirloin. Châteauneuf du Pape's spiciness cuts through the rich flavors of the beef. #WineWednesday, We offer several different varieties of Châteauneuf du-Pape, a wine from the Rhone Valley in Southern France. The ‘Mistral’ winds allow Châteauneuf du Pape grapes to be grown organically and free of pesticides. #WineWednesday, Check out where you can buy Tortilleria La Nina Tortilla Chips! , Today’s #HowToTuesday demystifies the decanting process! Follow the link to see a short video on how to properly decant your favorite wine., Thank you to Improper Bostonian Magazine for coverage of the Helping Hands: Monkey Helpers for the Disabled Food Festivale! Check out the rest of the photos here: http://www.improper.com/pics/72157624179115031#5
(Photo Credit: Leo Gozbekian Photography), Plan your next baby shower or christening celebration in Le Salon du Mistral. Our Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, will ensure a beautiful day filled with happy memories! Please call 617-867-9300 or email LFlores@MistralBistro.com for more information., When Dom Perignon and his Benedictine monk colleagues first stumbled upon champagne, they regarded the bubbles as a serious defect, and were trying to work out ways to eliminate them until they actually had a sip – close call! #FrenchFactFriday, It's the perfect night to enjoy our Roast Rack of Colorado Lamb! Served with Gratin Dauphinoise Potatoes, Roasted Carrots & Haricots Verts - Yum!, Celebrate your wedding reception at Mistral! Le Salon du Mistral is the perfect space for an evening you won’t forget. Please contact our Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, at LFlores@MistralBistro.com or 617-867-9300
(Photo: Leah Haydock Photography), These are a few of our favorite (fall) things! Be sure to check out this fall-inspired Endive, Apple, and Grape side dish recipe to accompany your next family dinner at home., Congratulations to our sister property, XV Beacon for being named #1 Hotel in Boston by Conde Nast Traveler! , The finished product! Our delicious Linguine is served with Tiny Tomatoes, fresh Arugula & Parmesan Reggiano #TransformationTuesday, It’s #TransformationTuesday! See how Mistral's Linguine is made fresh daily at our sister restaurant, Teatro Boston. Check back later for the finished product!, Prefer your dessert in a glass? Indulge in Dolce Winery - self-proclaimed liquid gold from Napa Valley!, Happy National Dessert Day! Grab a friend and celebrate with our Mistral Assiette for Two: Crème Brulée, Pot du Crème Au Chocolate, Profiterole, & Berries with Champagne Sabayon, Truffle Mac is back! Black Burgundy Truffle Macaroni with Madeira & Parmesan, We just posted a new fall inspiration board on Pinterest – ‘Francais Automne’. We love the Provence landscapes and French table settings!, Tortilleria La Nina Tortilla Chips now available at Whole Foods Market (Hingham, MA)!, Our Executive Pastry Chef Shane recently took a work holiday to Tain-l'Hermitage, located in the Rhone Valley, and to the country's capital, Paris. While in Tain-l'Hermitage, Shane attended the renowned Valrhona Chocolate School. Following completion of the Valrhona program, Shane ventured to Paris to experience and taste the many desserts France has to offer!, Our fall Salmon dish is seriously good- Grilled Faroe Island Salmon with Kabocha Squash, Autumn Vegetable Mélange & Cider Beurre Fondue, Planning a dinner party this winter? Le Salon du Mistral is the perfect setting for a spectacular evening for you and your guests! Please contact our Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores at LFlores@MistralBistro.com or 617-867-9300, null, Please join our sister property, L'Andana Grill for a Four Course, Marchese Antinori Wine Dinner on Tuesday, October 22nd. , Tonight’s Special: Pan Roasted Cod with Clams, Chorizo, Romesco & Confit Potatoes - Perfect for tonight!, We hope you had a great weekend! Are you following Mistral on Instagram yet? Be sure to tag us @MistralRestaurant and tag our location so we can share your amazing pictures! Check out this photo by @jukimono of our “Dolce Vita” Pizza – Yum!, Spend your Friday night with Champagne and Dessert in our dining room – Très chic!, Did you know that France produces over 400 types of cheese? Check out our amazing Artisanal Cheese Assiette with Seasonal House Made Jams #FrenchFactFriday, © GGomes 2013, Date night in tonight? Be inspired by Mistral’s delicious Steamed Black Mussels and impress your other half with this fool-proof ‘Moules’ dish. (Recipe via Bon Appétit Magazine), Our very own Erica Mulligan featured in Scene Magazine with one of our popular cocktails, the King’s Cup. Comprised of Bulleit Burbon, Kings Ginger, fresh Lemon Juice, Bitters, and a drizzle of Red Wine reduction. Try it tonight!, The annual Helping Hands: Monkey Helpers for the Disabled Food Festivale. Guests were treated to tasty bites from the restaurants of Columbus Hospitality Group: Mistral Restaurant, Sorellina Boston, Teatro Boston, Mooo Restaurant, and L'Andana Grill. All proceeds raised at this event will help support Monkey Helper Training and Placement Program., In honor of the 180th Oktoberfest in Munich, Germany, we will be posting Oktoberfest beer recommendations at each of our restaurants! Try Victory ‘Festbier’ at Mistral - A subtly sweet beer with a delicate malt nose and impressive body from Victory’s use of imported German malts and decoction brewing process. Perfekte!, Have you tried the Le Mistral sandwich at Parish Cafe and Parish Cafe II?! , Can you name this tasty appetizer on Mistral’s menu?, Check out The Perfect Bite, Boston for a wonderful review of the Helping Hands: Monkey Helpers for the Disabled Food Festivale, featuring dishes from Columbus Hospitality Group restaurants! Stay tuned for pictures this week!, Congratulations to our very own Tony Gesamondo – nominated for “Best Parking Valet in Massachusetts”! Tony was selected as one of three finalists who will attend the MA Restaurant Association (MRA)’s Stars of the Industry Gala on October 28th. We are so proud of his accomplishment!, Pan Roasted Cornish Game Hen paired with Warm Pancetta & Spinach Salad and Lemon & Rosemary - We can't wait for dinner!, There are still tickets available for the Helping Hands: Monkey Helpers for the Disabled Food Festivale on Saturday, September 28th at WGBH. Sample amazing cuisine from the restaurants of the Columbus Hospitality Group while supporting a great cause!, Follow us on Instagram @MistralRestaurant. And don’t forget to use the hashtag #MistralBoston and tag our location so we can share your pictures! Thanks @emm_widjaja for sharing this amazing brunch photo!, Happy National Food Service Day! Thank you to our staff at Columbus Hospitality Group! We truly appreciate your hard work!, Let us take care of your transportation tonight! Mistral offers a complimentary car service within two miles of our restaurant. To schedule the car service for your reservation, please call 617-867-9300, Please join Mistral, Sorellina Boston, Teatro Boston, Mooo Restaurant, and L'Andana Grill on Saturday, September 28th at WGBH studios for the Helping Hands: Monkey Helpers for the Disabled Food Festivale! For tickets & more information, please visit:, Start your week off right with a signature dish from Mistral: Grilled Tenderloin of Beef, Bordelaise Style, Olive Oil Roasted Asparagus, and Horseradish Whipped Potato. Yum!, Planning a holiday party? Let us take care of you! We still have dates available in December in our elegant Le Salon Du Mistral - Please contact our Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, at lflores@MistralBistro.com or 617-867-9300. (Photo Credit: Ben Brown, Corinthian Events), While not actually a food, wine is considered by the French to be of equal importance as the cuisine. One year of wine production in France results in 7 to 8 billion bottles. Stop by and enjoy a glass of Château Edmus – a Mistral exclusive! #FrenchFactFriday #MistralBoston, Enjoy a mimosa this Sunday at Mistral! Brunch is from 10:30-2:00. You deserve it! #MistralBoston, Thank you to Zagat for naming Mistral and Sorellina Boston, “Top Service in Boston.” We truly appreciate this honor!, Please join us and the restaurants of the Columbus Hospitality Group on Saturday September 28 at the WGBH studios for the Helping Hands: Monkey Helpers for the Disabled Food Festivale! For tickets & more information, please visit:, Our signature French Dover Sole Meunière making a guest appearance tonight as a special. One of our favorites!, Have a special event on the horizon? Choose our Le Salon du Mistral and impress all of your guests! Contact Lisa Flores at lflores@mistralbistro.com or 617-867-9300 for more information., Did you know that our amazing Macarons are naturally Gluten-Free? Try them tonight! #MistralBoston, We are excited to introduce our new Social Media Manager, Sara Morris to our CHG family!, # FlashbackFriday Tell us about your favorite time here at Mistral!, Join us this Sunday for Brunch and try our Jumbo Lump Crab & Chive Omelette with Vermont butter & Sea Salt! For reservations please call us at (617) 867-9300, or use the OpenTable app on our website, www.MistralBistro.com, Pin us on #Pinterest! www.pinterest.com/MistralBoston, Believe it or not, today is National Pots du Crème Day, and we have a delicious Milk Chocolate Pot du Crème, Bitter Sweet Chocolate Crumble & Raspberries as a dessert selection on our Restaurant Week Menu for you to celebrate with!, True or False: a “Mistral” is a “wind that sweeps through the North of France” #TriviaTuesday, Stay connected with the Columbus Hospitality Group! #FollowFriday, Feel like a night out of the city? Check out our sister restaurant, L'Andana Grill and try their 3-course Restaurant Week menu which includes dishes like the lamb Bolognese, wood-grilled sirloin, and chocolate semifreddo!, We still have a few dates available in August for you to enjoy NO ROOM FEES in Le Salon Du Mistral for your summer event! Please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, at LFlores@MistralBistro.com, or by phone, (617) 867-9300, If you HAD to choose between our Tuna Tartare or our Maine Crab Ravioli for your appetizer, which would you chose?, Happy National Lemonade Day! Watch as our amazing bartender, Lauren, makes our signature Lavender Lemonade!, One of the Entrée Selections from our Restaurant Week menu,  Pan Roasted Sirloin with “Pommes de Terre Lyonnaise”, English Stilton and Port Wine! For Restaurant Week reservations, please call us at (617) 867-9300 or use the OpenTable app on our website, www.MistralBistro.com!, We’re almost a month away from one of our favorite events of the year! Join us and the restaurants of the Columbus Hospitality Group  on Saturday September 28 at the WGBH studios for the Helping Hands: Monkey Helpers for the Disabled Food Festivale! To get your tickets & for more information, please visit www.monkeyhelpers.org/festivale, We appreciate when guests take the time to leave us reviews of their experience. Thank you so much for your kind words!, Chef Mitch's special this evening is a Housemade Pappardelle with Wild & Exotic Mushrooms! Looking forward to seeing you!, Can you guess how long our Tenderloin with Mashed Potatoes, Caramelized Onions & Truffle Oil Pizza has been on the menu? #ThrowbackThursday, Le Salon du Mistral is available on Sundays for your next private Brunch event! For more information, please contact Lisa Flores, Director of Sales and Marketing, at (617) 867-9300, or LFlores@MistralBistro.com., Mistral Welcomes you to Restaurant Week August, 2013!, Join our sister property Mooo Restaurant this Thursday at their 5 Course Nicolas Feuillatte Champage Dinner! Space is limited so please contact Private Events Manager, Christian Heydt, at CHeydt@MoooRestaurant.com, or (617) 670-7525 to reserve your seats!, We love to see when you #Instagram pictures at Mistral! Tag us @MistralRestaurant !, "My favorite dish at Mistral is__________” fill in the blank!, Looking to plan your summer event outside the city? Our sister restaurant, L'Andana Grill is offering lowered food & beverage minimums for the month of August! For full details please contact Shannon St. Pierre at SStPierre@landanagrill.com or Marisa Etheridge at MEtheridge@landanagrill.com, For dessert tonight, we suggest our Lemon & Blueberry French Macaroons! Looking forward to seeing you this weekend!, Our very own Executive Chef, Mitchell Randall was featured in  Plate magazine in their July & August issue! "Corn is just around when it's perfect. And when it's perfect, it's perfect. Wherever you use it, it's going to make a great dish". Is corn one of your favorite summer ingredients?, Little extra touches go a long way when planning your private event.  Let us help you with those! We can create custom menu cards, personalized cocktails & help you select beautiful flower arrangements exclusively from Winston Flowers. Contact Lisa Flores, Director of Sales & Marketing, at LFlores@MistralBistro.com, or (617) 867-9300, for more information about private dining at Mistral!, Treat yourself to a little extra tonight and add a side of our Chanterelle & Zucchini Blossom Risotto to your meal!, We appreciate when guests take the time to leave us reviews of their experience. Thank you so much for your kind words! Happy Anniversary!, Tonight's dinner special from Chef Mitch, Pan Seared Holland Turbot with Crispy Capers & Lemon!, Our sister restaurant, Mooo Restaurant, will be holding a 5 Course Nicolas Feuillatte Champagne Dinner on August 15! Space is limited, contact Private Events Manager, Christian Heydt at CHeydt@MoooRestaurant.com, or (617) 670-7525 to reserve your seats!, It’s almost time for Summer Restaurant Week, 2013! Join us Sunday August 18- Friday August 23 & Sunday August 25-Friday August 30, for our 3 Course Dinner, for $38.13 per person! Reservations strongly suggested, please call us at (617) 867-9300, or visit www.mistralbistro.com to make yours!, Tonight, Chef Mitch suggests the Pan Roasted Native Halibut with Chanterelle & Zucchini Blossom Risotto with Sweet Summer Corn! Looking forward to seeing you this weekend!, Indulge in Luxury when you dine with us at Mistral. We invite our guests to enjoy our complimentary car service for transportation within 2 miles of the restaurant. To schedule the car service for your reservation, please call us at (617) 867-9300!, Tonight's dessert special from Executive Pastry Chef Shane is a Peach Melba Parfait with Rosé Granita!, Our Pastry team had fun experimenting in the kitchen making their own housemade vanilla extract! Thanks to Bully Boy Distillers for the American Straight Whiskey and the aging barrels! Check back in about 6 months to see the results!, Heirloom Tomato, Handmade Mozzarella, Aged Balsamic & Extra Virgin Olive Oil. A beautiful dish for this beautiful night!, Luxurious & sophisticated event space perfect for your next private event! Le Salon du Mistral is available for seated dinners for up to 60, and cocktail receptions for up to 80.  For more information about private dining at Mistral, please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, by email LFlores@MistralBistro.com, or by phone (617) 867-9300., Fresh Blueberry Crostada with Sweet Corn Ice Cream? Without a doubt! Indulge in this decadent dessert tonight!, What are some of your favorite things about #Pinterest? Pin us!, We're loving the new Ricotta Gnocchi with Maine Lobster, Sweet Corn & Black Summer Truffle on our menu! Looking forward to seeing you this weekend!, We're so excited to be featured on TV Diner tomorrow! Look for us at 10 AM and 7 PM!, Stop in tonight and treat yourself to our Homemade Sorbet selections! Tonight's flavors are Peach Mango, Black Raspberry & Lime!, Celebrate your wedding ceremony & reception, engagement party, and rehearsal dinner with elegance and grace in Le Salon du Mistral, Mistral’s Private Dining Room. For more information, please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, by email, LFLores@MistralBistro.com, or by phone (617) 867-9300, Happy #NationalTequilaDay! What better way to celebrate a Wednesday than with our Strawberry-Rhubarb Margarita??, All of the elements needed for a perfect event! Enjoy No Room Fees in July & August when you plan your summer event here at Mistral! Please contact Lisa Flores, Director of Sales and  Marketing, by phone (617) 867-9300, or by email, LFlores@MistralBistro.com for more information., Can you name this Mistral cocktail favorite?, Thank you for the great review!!, Grilled Oregon King Salmon with Green “Gazpacho”, English Cucumber, Tiny Tomatoes & Cilantro! New on our menu for the summer here at Mistral!, Pan Roasted Prime Sirloin, Farmstead Blue Cheese, Heirloom Tomatoes & Vin Cotto. New on our menu at Mistral!, Our sister property Tortilleria La Nina will be at the Fork Lift Food Fest this weekend! Stop by and say hello to them on Sunday when you’re there! For more information about the Fork Lift Food Fest, follow the link!, Looking for great new ways to enjoy the rest of your summer? Take a look at what some of our team has to say about their favorite summer recipes, cocktails & things to do!, Beautiful photos taken by Roberto Farren Photography of a wedding recently held at Mistral! Congratulations to Sara and Chris, thank you for sharing your special night with us!, Tonight we have one of our classic summer dishes as a special! Try our Chilled Corn Soup with Maine Lobster, Avocado Salad & Jalapeno Oil!, Thank you for such a fantastic review! The Tuna Tartare & Beef Carpaccio appetizers are two of our favorites!, Perfect appetizer for this hot summer day! Try the newest addition to our menu, Chilled Tomato Gazpacho with Jumbo Lump Crab, Avocado & Cilantro!, Ever wondered how our seafood dishes taste so fresh? Take a look at this behind the scenes video!, Beat the heat tonight with our refreshing Vie en Rose cocktail, made with Ketel One, Homemade Meyer Limoncello, Pomegranate & Prosecco!, null, Enjoy No Room Fees in July and August when you book your next cocktail reception, corporate luncheon & anniversary dinner with us at Mistral! For dates and availability, please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, by email LFlores@MistralBistro.com, or by phone at (617) 867-9300., New on our menu! Grilled Swordfish with Roasted Eggplant & Quinoa Salad, Heirloom Tomatoes & Chardonnay Basil Vinaigrette!, “Like” or “Favorite" if Mistral is one of your favorite places to spend your date night! For reservations this weekend, please call (617) 867-9300, or use the OpenTable app on our website by following the link!, Take a look at this fantastic review of our sister property, the Inn @ St Botolph!, Chocolate. Pizza.  Dinner and dessert in one delicious bite!  Come join us and indulge in a “Dolce Vita” Valrhona Dark Chocolate, Ricotta & Mascarpone Thin Crust Pizza!, Thank you so much for your kind words!! We look forward to seeing you back soon!, Follow the Columbus Hospitality Group on #Intstagram!, Let the elegance and grace of Le Salon du Mistral, Mistral’s private dining room, provide the backdrop to your next private event! For more information about private dining at Mistral, please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, by email, LFlores@MistralBistro.com, or by phone, (617) 867-9300.

Photo: Leah Haydock Photography
leahhaydock.com, Our newest Halibut preparation from Chef Mitch! Pan Roasted Native Halibut With Chanterelle And Zucchini Blossom Risotto, Sweet Summer Corn!, We love when we get to hear about a guest’s experience! Thank you for such a fantastic review!, Mistral will be closed tonight, but we wish everyone a Happy 4th of July!!, Cherries are in season! We’re very excited about our house made Maraschino Cherries! Enjoy them in our summer cocktails such as the Maison Royale & Rye Tai!, We still have dates available in July and August for your summer event in Le Salon du Mistral, Mistral’s private dining room! For availability, please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, by email, LFlores@Mistralbistro.com, or by phone, (617) 867-9300!, Huge thank you to the  Improper Bostonian Magazine for selecting us as Boston's Best Brunch!!!!, Try our Prime Sirloin Beef Carpaccio, Crispy Shallots, Truffled Pecorino & Watercress appetizer tonight! It might just be your new favorite Mistral dish!, Staying in town for the 4th? Our sister restaurant, Mooo Restaurant will be open all day! Try their new summer cocktails at the bar, then head over to the esplanade to watch  The Boston Pops Orchestra!, We're looking forward to seeing you this weekend! For reservations please call (617) 867-9300, or use the OpenTable app on our website, www.MistralBistro.com !, What’s a wedding without the cake? Have our pastry team create a decadent, custom wedding cake for your reception in Le Salon du Mistral, our private dining room! For more information about private dining at Mistral, please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, by email, lflores@mistralbistro.com, or by phone, (617) 867-9300, It’s Thursday and it’s 5 PM... time to head to the bar and start your weekend early! Our beverage director suggests the “Rye Tai” made with George Dickel Rye Whisky, Cointreau, Monin Orgeat, Lime & Pineapple!, Apricot & Blueberry! The newest Macaroon flavors on our dessert menu!, Beautiful dessert special tonight from our Executive Pastry Chef, Shane! Chilled Strawberry Gazpacho with Pistachio & Honey Frozen Nougat., Photos from the Helping Hands: Monkey Helpers for the Disabled  Food Festivale Kickoff held here at Mistral! Join us and the restaurants of the Columbus Hospitality Group on Saturday, September 28, at WGBH Studios for this fabulous night! For more information about the Food Festival, or how you can get involved with Helping Hands, please visit www.monkeyhelpers.org/festivale, Mistral’s Roasted Red Sugar Beet Tortellini with Marcona Almonds & Brown Butter…almost too beautiful to eat!, What are your thoughts on Instagram's new Video feature? We're pretty excited! What would you love to see an Insta-Video of here at Mistral?, We have two specials for you tonight! Start with Cape Cod Middle Neck Clams with Pequillo Peppers & Applewood Smoked Bacon, and finish with the Cannelés de Bordeaux, served with Native Strawberries, Strawberry Rhubarb Sorbet & Whipped Devonshire Cream!, Can you guess these ingredients for our dessert special tonight?, Can you name this classic Mistral Cocktail? #ThrowbackThursday, Chef Mitch's special tonight is a Scallop Crudo with Borage and Cucumber Vinaigrette!, Are you following us on Twitter? Tweet us your favorite Mistral dish! #MistralFavorite, If you HAD to choose between our Tenderloin with Mashed Potato & Caramelized Onions, or our Local Spicy Salami with Pickled Red Holland Peppers & Upland Cress Thin Crust Pizzas, which do you chose?, Looking for a private dining destination in the city? Contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, by email, LFlores@MistralBistro.com, or by phone (617) 867-9300, to inquire further about private dining at Mistral!, You, a glass of Trefethen Chardonnay and our Maine Crab Ravioli With Rock Crab, Thyme & Tomato Broth… sounds like a winning combination to us! Stop by the bar tonight at Mistral!, Introducing the "Don Who?" to our cocktail list! Don Q Cristal Rum, Homemade Maraschino Cherry, Fresh Lime & Grapefruit!, Save the date!! The annual Helping Hands: Monkey Helpers for the Disabled Food Festival will be taking place Saturday, September 28, from 6-9 PM at WGBH Studios! Columbus Hospitality Group is a corporate sponsor for this wonderful organization, which provides Capuchin Monkeys to assist those with spinal cord injuries. Follow the link for more information!, We have two incredible specials tonight! Start with the Ward's Farm Garden Salad & finish with our Blueberry Pot Pie (baked to order) with Sweet Corn Ice Cream! We also have a Honey Roasted Peanut Ice Cream new on our dessert menu! Happy Thursday!, Fresh, local produce for Chef Mitch's special tonight! Can you guess what these ingredients are?, Mistral's Artisinal Cheese Assiette with Seasonal House Made Jams, perfect for sharing over a glass of wine before or after dinner!, Chef's Special tonight is a Gnocchi with Ricotta and Spring Peas!, A Columbus Hospitality Group Gift Card makes the perfect gift for Father’s day this year! CHG gift cards can be used at any of our award winning restaurants and hotels. Stop by Mistral Restaurant, Sorellina Boston, Mooo Restaurant, Teatro Boston, L'andana, Inn @ St Botolph & XV Beacon, or follow the link to purchase online!, Stay Connected with CHG !
http://chgqr.com/m3/, Mistral’s hand crafted passed hors d’oeuvres, like the Asparagus & Lemon Risotto Cakes, are a great way to start your next private event! For more information about private dining at Mistral, please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, by email, LFlores@MistralBistro.com, or by phone (617) 867-9300., We have power here at Mistral and can't wait to see you for brunch!!, Perfect weather to start with our Squid Ink Pasta, White Shrimp & Local Calamari appetizer special tonight!, Boston. Cream. Donuts. On our Sunday Brunch menu? You bet! Happy National Donut Day!!, Beautiful First of the Season Connecticut Strawberries, Almond Financier & Basil Gelato. Dessert special tonight at Mistral!, null, Tonight's sweet special from our pastry team is a Mango & Pineapple Tapioca!, Mistral is currently seeking hosts! Fine dining experience a plus! Please send resumes to our Assistant General Manager, Colby Price at CPrice@MistralBistro.com, Hold your wedding ceremony & reception, rehearsal dinner, and bridal shower with us at Mistral! To further inquire about weddings at Mistral, please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, by email, LFlores@MistralBistro.com, or by phone, (617) 867-9300, 'Like' or 'Favorite' if Mistral's Warm Chocolate Torte with Vanilla Ice Cream & Sauce Anglaise, is one of your favorite desserts!, Tonight we suggest our Roast Rack of Colorado Lamb, Purple Top Turnip Gratin, Baby Carrots & Haricot Verts!, Thank you so much for the wonderful review!, We are temporarily without internet. If you are looking to make a reservation, please call us at (617) 867-9300!, Happy National Macaroons Day! Celebrate with our Homemade Cherry and Lemon French Macaroons for dessert!, We’re looking forward to seeing you this weekend!, Looking for event space for your next corporate dinner? We are happy to assist with any AV or transportation needs for your event! Please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, by email, LFlores@MistralBistro.com, or by phone, (617) 867-9300 for more information., Pan Roasted Native Halibut with Asparagus & Crab Risotto, Crustacean Beurre Monté, our newest Halibut preparation at Mistral., We love when our guests take the time to share their experience! Thank you for the wonderful review!, Cherry Cobbler with Crushed Pistachio Biscotti Ice Cream! Tonight's dessert special at Mistral!, Chilled Vichyssoise with Wild Leeks, Maine Lobster & Black Summer Truffle. Perfect appetizer for this warmer weather!, Enjoy Chef Mammano’s Tuscan inspired cuisine at our sister restaurant, L'Andana Grill! For reservations, please call (781) 270-0100, or use the OpenTable app on their website by following the link!, Wishing everyone a Happy Memorial Day!, A sweet special tonight from our pastry team! Cherry Crisp with Sauce Suzette!, Gourmet Late Night Cuisine. Unheard of? Not here! Mistral offers a limited late night menu Fridays and Saturdays from 11- 11:30 PM.  With selections like our Prime Sirloin Burger with Applewood Smoked Bacon, Aged Gruyere, & Frites, you will not go to bed hungry!, Follow our favorite Chef on Twitter! @Chef_Mammano #FF, Mistral’s Tuna Tartare with Crispy Wontons, Soy & Ginger.  On the menu for the last 15 years! #ThrowbackThursday, Celebrate your next birthday, retirement party, and bridal shower with a luncheon at Mistral! For more information, please fill out our online inquiry form by visiting http://mistralbistro.com/#/the-salon/, or contact our Director of Sales and Marketing Lisa Flores, by email, LFlores@Mistralbistro.com, or by phone, (617) 867-9300., One of Chef Maynard’s favorite dishes! Mistral’s Chilled English Pea Soup With Truffled Parmesan Flan, Extra Virgin Olive Oil., We want to know, what's your go to Mistral Brunch favorite?, We want to wish our servers a happy National Waiters and Waitresses day! Thank you all for your hard work, you're the best!, Our sister property, Tortilleria La Nina, produces authentic, 100% non-GMO White Corn Tortillas and Tortilla Chips! To learn more about the story behind Tortilleria La Nina, and a list of their products, visit http://laninatortilla.com/ !, Tonight's special is a Prime Sirloin Tartare, with Soft Poached Quail Egg, & Pickled Vegetables, served with Grilled Ciabatta. Tastes even better than it looks!, "Mark has been a huge part of our success over the years and we look forward to his continued leadership" - Chef/Owner Jamie Mammano. Congratulations to our Mark D'Alessandro, who has accepted the position of Vice President of Operations for The Columbus Hospitality Group!!! Mark will still remain General Manager of Mistral, and we could not be happier for him!!, Plan your wedding with us at Mistral, and have our pastry team create a beautiful cake for your special day! For more information about private dining at Mistral, please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, by email LFlores@MistralBistro.com, or by phone (617) 867-9300 !, Think Pink! Have Erica at the bar make you our newest cocktail, "The Commodore"; Tuscan White Wine, Campari, Combier Pamplemousse, Sparkling Grapefruit Soda, & Fresh Lime. Or if Rosé is on your mind, sip on a glass of the St. Supéry ‘Estate’ !, We had so much fun at Boston Bites Back last night! Thank you to everyone who came out to show their support!, We have another delicious dessert special for you tonight! Stop by and enjoy our Red Velvet Apricot Crisp!, We are so excited to be participating in Boston Bites Back at Fenway Park tonight!! Tickets are still available, and all proceeds from this event will support The One Fund Boston ! We hope to see you there!, Mango Tarte Tatin. Executive Pastry Chef Shane's dessert special tonight!, Thank you for such a fantastic review!! We hope to see you back soon!, Need a reason to celebrate National Asparagus Month? We have one! Enjoy our Spring White Asparagus, Parmesan Reggiano, & Black Truffle Vinaigrette!, We're hoping that all of you mothers are having a wonderful Mother's Day!, Long week? We have the cure! Try our Rhubarb Margarita, made with Milagro Silver, Cointreau, Homemade Rhubarb Syrup & Lime!, We’re looking forward to participating in Boston Bites Back this Wednesday, May 15th! Join us, along with some of Boston’s top culinary experts, at Fenway Park! Proceeds from this event will go to The One Fund Boston! Visit http://www.bostonbitesback.org/ for tickets and more information., Grilled Oregon King Salmon with Spring Dug Parsnips, Ragoût of Spring Morels & English Peas. Stay dry with us tonight and enjoy this incredible dish!, Hi Fans, Mistral will be offering Valet service for Brunch this Sunday, May 12, starting at 10:30 am!, We have not one, but TWO new Thin Crust Pizzas on our menu tonight! Feast on our Spicy Salami, Spring Onion Soubise, & Pickled Peppers Pizza, or the Four Cheese with Sweet 100’s, Roasted Garlic & Arugula! Pizza is definitely the perfect comfort food on this dreary day, don't you think?, Le Salon du Mistral, Mistral’s private dining room is available for seated dinners for up to 60 people, and cocktail receptions for up to 80. We are more than happy to help you customize your event to exceed your expectations! For more information, please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, by email, LFlores@MistralBistro.com, or by phone, (617) 867-9300., Eat some now, or take some for later. Either way, when you order our Lemon and Raspberry Macaroons, you will be helping raise money for Dana–Farber Cancer Institute ! 100% of sales from this dessert will go to Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer! Enjoy at the end of your meal or take them to go! For more information about Boston Bakes, please visit, http://www.bostonbakesforbreastcancer.org/, Happy National Teacher Appreciation Day to all of the hard working teachers out there! Treat your favorite teacher to dinner with us at Mistral! For reservations please call (617) 867-9300, or use the OpenTable app on our website by following the link!, Enjoy our Bibb Salad with Applewood Smoked Bacon, Great Hill Blue Cheese, &  Honey Thyme Vinaigrette special tonight !, Follow our sister property, Teatro Boston's Official Twitter Page, @Teatro_Boston !, We know you have been waiting! Here it is! Tonight's special is a house made Pappardelle pasta with our House Cured and Smoked Ham, English Peas, & Parmesan !, Here's a sneak peek as to what tonight's special will include...our very own house cured, house smoked, Ham!, Chef Mitch's specials for the night! Conchiglie with Maine Lobster & Halibut Cheeks Provençal, Brocolini, and Fingerling Potatoes., We're getting ready! When you visit us starting Monday, May 6th, through Sunday, May 12th, and order our Lemon and Raspberry Macaroons, 100% of sales will go to Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer ! For more information about Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer, please visit http://www.bostonbakesforbreastcancer.org/ !, We are looking forward to participating in Boston Bites Back this Wednesday, May 15th, at Fenway Park! Enjoy food from some of Boston’s favorite restaurants while you help raise money for The One Fund Boston! For tickets and more information, please follow the link!, One of our classic dishes, Dover Sole Meunière with Lemon & Capers, Sauté of Spinach & Onions, Fingerling Potatoes., Let us take care of your transportation tonight! Mistral offers a complimentary car service within two miles of our restaurant. To schedule the car service for your reservation, please call (617) 867-9300, Tonight's specials: Sirloin and Foie Gras Meatballs with Parmesan Polenta & Truffled Madeira; and a 2.5 lb Lobster with English Peas, Printaniere, Roasted Yukon Creamer Potatoes & Morels. Our staff will  be wearing Boston inspired stickers to honor those affected by the tragic events in our city. We look forward to seeing you tonight, as a portion of tonight's sales will be donated to The One Fund Boston !!, A portion of sales from tonight, May 1st, will be donated to The One Fund Boston! For reservations, please call 617-876-9300, or use the OpenTable app on our website, www.mistralbistro.com ! If you are unable to join us, a portion of gift card sales from today will also be donated! A perfect Mother's Day gift! To purchase gift cards, please visit the following link! www.chgboston.com, What's better than warmer weather and a nice cold glass of Rosé? Our featured “Rosé Spécial” is the 2012 Copain ‘Tous Ensemble’ (Rosé of Pinot Noir) (Anderson Valley, CA)! Join us tonight at the bar and have Josh  pour you a glass! Also, don't forget! When you join us tomorrow, May 1st, a portion of sales from the night will be donated to The One Fund Boston !, Le Salon du Mistral, Mistral’s private dining room, is available for Sunday Brunch! Enjoy favorites, like our Warm Cinnamon Buns, with friends and family at your next private event. For more information about private dining at Mistral, please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, by email, LFlores@MistralBistro.com, or by phone, (617) 867-9300, If you are unable to join us on Wednesday, May 1, but still want to help support those affected by the Boston Marathon Bombing, a portion of gift card sales from May 1st will also be donated to The One Fund Boston!  To purchase gift cards, please visit the following link!, Thank you so much for your kind review! We hope to see you again soon !, We want to say a special thank you to our Reservationist, Ana, on her last day with us. We will miss you, Ana!! Wishing you the best of luck!!, Celebrate your graduate’s achievements with us at Mistral! Our private dining room, Le Salon du Mistral, can accommodate up to 60 for a seated dinner, and up to 80 for a cocktail reception. To inquire about private dining at Mistral, fill out our online inquiry form here: http://mistralbistro.com/#/the-salon/ , or contact our Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, directly by email, LFlores@MistralBistro.com, or by phone (617) 867-9300., Start with Chef Maynard's Chilled English Pea Soup tonight, and end with Executive Pastry Chef Shane's Pineapple and Coconut Parfait dessert special!, Thank you so much for your kind review! We hope to see you back soon!, Here are some photos from our first annual Taste of the Columbus Hospitality Group, blogger and social media cocktail party! The night featured some of Boston's bloggers and social media professionals, small bites from our restaurants, and live Instagram-ing and Tweeting! We had so much fun, thanks to everyone who joined us! Thank you Leo Gozbekian Photography for the great pictures! #TasteOfCHG, We are very excited about our first annual "Taste of the Columbus Hospitality Group" Cocktail Party tonight! Stay tuned with us on Twitter and Instagram from 6-8:30 pm for live updates from our event! Looking forward to seeing everyone tonight! #tasteofchg, “Like” or “Favorite” if our Grilled Tenderloin Of Beef, Bordelaise  Style, Olive Oil Roasted Asparagus & Horseradish Whipped Potato is one of your favorite dishes at Mistral!, Mistral will be closed this evening. We encourage everyone to stay safe during these times. We look forward to seeing you soon., Starting the weekend early? Visit us at the bar tonight and enjoy one (or two) of our seasonal craft cocktails! Try our Mistral Mule, Grey Goose L’Poire, Domaine de Canton, Ginger Beer & Lemon!, Follow the Columbus Hospitality Group on Twitter! @MistralBoston, @MoooRestaurant, @SorellinaBoston, @Landana_Grill @XVBeaconHotel, @InnAtStBotolph @Chef_Mammano ., Here it is! Skate Grenobloise, tonight's entrée special from Chef Mitch!, A preview of Chef Mitch's special tonight...!, Hold your next corporate luncheon with us at Mistral!  We are happy to assist you with any AV needs! For more information about private luncheons at Mistral, please contact our Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, by email, LFlores@Mistralbistro.com, or by phone (617) 867-9300., Chef Mitch's special tonight, Markea Prawn Scampi!, Mistral will be open this evening. Our thoughts continue to go out to all of those affected by yesterday’s tragic events., Mistral will be closed this evening. Our thoughts are with all of those affected by today's events., We want to wish the best of luck to all of those running in the Boston Marathon! Join us tonight for a celebratory dinner! For reservations please call (617) 867-9300, or follow the link to use the OpenTable app on our website., Begin your event with our signature Thin Crust Pizzas as a passed hors d'oeuvre in our private dining room, Le Salon du Mistral! To further inquire about private events at Mistral, please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, by email, LFlores@mistralbistro.com, or by phone, (617) 867-9300. 

Photo Credit to Leah Haydock Photography  http://leahhaydock.zenfolio.com/, Joining us tonight? Start your night with our Tuna Tartare, enjoy our Cornish Game Hen entrée, and finish with Executive Pastry Chef Shane's Passionfruit Pavlova special tonight for dessert!, Don’t feel like taking a cab? Let us provide your transportation needs! Guests of Mistral are invited to use our complimentary car service within 2 miles of the restaurant. To schedule the car service for your reservation, please call 617-867-9300., Relax after work with friends tonight and enjoy comfortable seating and our full menu in our lounge area!, Take a look at “ a day in the life” of one of our favorite produce vendors! Check out their Facebook page for updates about the freshest produce in Boston! A. Fierro Produce Co. LLC!, It’s never too early to start thinking about Sunday Brunch! Join us at Mistral on Sundays from 10:30-2 PM and enjoy our Brunch menu! For reservations please call 617-867-9300, or use the  OpenTable app on our website, www.MistralBistro.com, Follow us on #Instagram, @mistralrestaurant!, Celebrate with friends and family in Le Salon du Mistral, Mistral’s private dining room! Le Salon provides the perfect space for birthday parties, baby & bridal showers, and other family celebrations! For more information on celebrating your special moments with us at Mistral, please contact, director of sales and marketing, Lisa Flores, by email, LFlores@mistralbistro.com, or by phone, (617)-867-9300., For #FollowFriday, follow our favorite Chef/Owner, Jamie Mammano, on Twitter, @Chef_Mammano!, Mistral is available for restaurant buy outs for larger events! For more information about restaurant buy outs at Mistral, please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, by email, LFlores@MistralBistro.com, or by phone, (617) 867-9300., It’s finally spring, Fans! Toast to warmer weather with Mistral’s Vie en Rose: Ketel One, Homemade Limoncello, Pomegranate, & Prosecco!, Take a look of this fantastic review of our sister property, XV Beacon !, Executive Pastry Chef, Shane Gray's take on this classic French dessert. Enjoy our dessert special tonight, Mango Pithivier with Coconut Gelato, & Milk Caramel Sauce !, We’re excited to hear that the Parish Cafe’s Patio is officially open!  Stop by and enjoy their “Le Mistral” sandwich made by our very own Executive Chef, Mitch Randall! , New on our menu! Spring Ramp and Ricotta Tortellini, English Peas, Vermont Butter, & Chive Blossoms., Did you know that our private dining room features its very own fully stocked bar and private bartender? Enjoy custom cocktails and wine selections, along with Chef/Owner, Jamie Mammano’s award winning cuisine in Le Salon du Mistral. For more private dining information, please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, by email, LFlores@MistralBistro.com, or by phone, (617) 867-9300., Mistral’s Beef Tenderloin, Mashed Potato, & Truffle Oil Pizza. “Like” or “Favorite” if you will be enjoying one this weekend!, Add that extra touch to your next private event in Le Salon du Mistral with beautiful floral arrangements from Winston Flowers! For more information on private dining at Mistral, please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, by email, LFlores@MistralBistro.com, or by phone, (617) 867-9300., Take a look at our sister restaurant, Teatro Boston's brand new website! www.TeatroBoston.com, Chocolate Devil's Food Cake with Framboise Syrup & Vanilla Bean Ice Cream from our March 2013 Restaurant Week Menu!, Thank you to BostInno for mentioning us as one of 17 Must-Try Restaurants for Restaurant Week Boston®! Where have you enjoyed Restaurant Week?, 'Like' if our Mistral Fries are on your mind!, We can't wait to see you back soon! Thank you for taking the time to leave us such a kind review!, "Like" if one of your favorite Mistral cocktails is our Clouseau, made with Belvedere Pink Grapefruit, Lillet Blanc, St. Germain, & Pink Grapefruit!, Vote for Mistral's Tuna Tartare in Boston.com's Munch Madness tournament! Voting for the first round ends today!, "My favorite menu item at Mistral is _________"  fill in the blank!, Vote for us in Boston.com's #MunchMadness restaurant tournament! Voting for the first round ends tomorrow!, “Many thanks to the staff who make this place so special” Thank you for joining us! We hope to see you back soon!, Mistral’s Milk Chocolate Chip Pancakes, with Banana Brûlée, Hazelnut Nutella & Crisp Plantain. “Like” If you've enjoyed these for brunch!, Our sister restaurant, L'Andana Grill, is now on Instagram! Follow them, @landanagrill !, Thai Chicken Sate with Spicy Peanut Sauce. Enjoy as a passed hors d'oeurve at your next private luncheon event at Mistral! For more information on luncheons at Mistral, please contact our Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, by email, LFlores@MistralBistro.com, or by phone, (617) 867-9300., We're looking forward to seeing everyone for Restaurant Week Boston® ! "Like" if you will be joining us!, Happy Friday Fans! We hope to see you this weekend! #friday #its5oclock #mistralboston #columbushospitalitygroup, Plan your next family celebration with us at Mistral! Le Salon du Mistral provides an elegant space perfect for surprise birthday parties, anniversary celebrations, and christenings. For more information on hosting an event with us at Mistral, please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, by email, Lflores@Mistralbistro.com, or by phone, 617-867-9300., “Like” if our Tuna Tartare is one of your favorites!, null, Pin us on Pinterest !, Start your night off with our Artisanal Cheese Assiette & Seasonal House Made Jams!, "I highly recommend Mistral for a great dining experience." Thank you so much for your compliments! We hope to see you back soon!, Host your next Brunch event with us at Mistral! Treat yourself and your guests to some of our Brunch favorites, like our Graham Cracker Crusted Challah French Toast! For more information on private dining at Mistral please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, by email, lflores@mistralbistro.com, or by phone, 617-867-9300., Congratulations, @chrisomeara !! You're the winner of our Instagram Photo Contest!! Call us at 617-867-9300 to give us your contact information so you can receive your $50 Mistral Gift Certificate!! Thank you to everyone who participated in our contest!! Stay tuned for the next one!, We want to welcome everyone who is in town for the New England Food Show! While you're there, stop by our sister property, Tortilleria La Nina's booth, and enjoy some of their fresh, 100% White (non-GMO) Corn Tortillas and Tortilla Chips!, Looking for private event space? Le Salon du Mistral, Mistral's private dining room, provides a sophisticated setting for events of any kind. For more information, please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, by email, LFlores@mistralbistro.com, or by phone, (617) 867-9300., Today is the LAST DAY for our Instagram Photo Contest!  Instagram a photo of your time at Mistral, tag us using @mistralrestaurant and hash tag #MistralFebruary, and you could win a $50 Mistral Gift Certificate!, Mistral Restaurant Week Menu, March 2013!, Take a look at our Executive Pastry Chef, Shane Gray, explain about white chocolate for a luncheon event held in our private dining room, Le Salon du Mistral! For more information on luncheon events at Mistral, please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, by email, LFlores@mistralbistro.com, or by phone, 617-867-9300., Mistral, along with our sister restaurant Sorellina Boston, are very excited for the Dana–Farber Cancer Institute Chefs Cooking for Hope event tonight!  We hope to see you there!, Our sister restaurant, Teatro Boston, will be participating in March 2013 Restaurant Week Boston, and still have some reservations available! For reservations please call (617) 778-6841 or use the OpenTable app on their website, www.teatroboston.com, Some photos from this year's Taste of the South End !, "Like" if we will be seeing you tonight at the Taste of the South End !, Our special for this evening: Braised Pork Osso Bucco, Garnet Yam Polenta, & Roasted Maitake Mushrooms!, Follow our favorite Chef/Owner, Jamie Mammano on Twitter, @Chef_Mammano !, Executive Pastry Chef Shane's Petits Fours dessert special for this evening!, Celebrate your special moments with us at Mistral. Our private dining room, Le Salon du Mistral, provides a gracious and elegant destination, perfect for your wedding reception, bridal shower, or engagement party. Please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, by email, LFlores@MistralBistro.com, or phone (617) 867-9300 for more information., Chef Jamie Mammano taste testing some new tortilla chip flavors for his tortilla bakery, Tortilleria La Nina! Take a look at their Facebook page and their website, http://laninatortilla.com/ !, Seeing as February is the shortest month, we are extending our Instagram Photo Contest to March 8th! Instagram a picture of your experience with us, tag us @mistralrestaurant and use the hash tag #MistralFebruary, and you could win a $50 Mistral Gift Certificate !, We are looking forward to seeing you at the Taste of the South End March 5th! For tickets and more information, follow the link!, "Like" if our Maine Crab Ravioli with Rock Crab, Thyme, & Tomato Broth, is one of your favorites!, Pin us!, General Manager, Mark D'Alessandro, and some of our lovely hosts, Maria and Emily!, Less than one week away until we announce the winner of our Instagram Photo Contest!! You still have plenty of time! Instagram a photo from your time at Mistral during February, tag us using @mistralrestaurant and use the hash tag #MistralFebruary, and you could win a $50 Mistral Gift Certificate! Winner will be chosen March 1st! #contests #instagram #columbushospitalitygroup #mistral #boston, Host your next corporate function with us in Mistral’s Private Dining Room, Le Salon du Mistral! We are happy to organize any of your AV and Transportation needs. The Salon is available for both luncheon and dinner events. To inquire about corporate functions at Mistral, please contact our Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, by email, LFlores@mistralbistro.com, or by calling (617) 867 9300., "I have been very lucky over the years to make great social friendships with some of the guests I have met in this business. The relationships I have built over the years make it all worthwhile." Take a look at our General Manager, Mark D'Alessandro's response to Restaurant Hospitality Magazine's "Shouldn't Customers Be Friends?" featured in their most recent issue!, Meet Youssef! Youssef has been a sever here at Mistral since the very beginning. When asked about working at Mistral: "I knew from day one that Mistral would be a success. When I come to work my focus is to make our guests feel happy and to forget about a hectic day. When I am at Mistral I feel like I am at home, it feels like family at all times!" Thank you for all of your hard work, Youssef, we are so happy to have you here!, We really appreciate when guests take the time to share their experience with us! Thank you for your kind words, we hope to see you back soon!, Middle of the week pick me up? You deserve it! Join us at the bar tonight and have Erica make you a Shiver, made with Hendrick’s, Campari, St. Germain, & Blood Orange!, Congratulations to Mooo Restaurant, our sister restaurant, on making Travel + Leisure's list of Best Steakhouses in the U.S.! http://www.travelandleisure.com/articles/best-steakhouses-in-the-us, Chef Mitch's Special for tonight, Mediterranean Style Fish Stew!, Take a look at how Executive Chef, Mitchell Randall, prepares our Roasted ‘Whole’ Market fish with Yukon Gold Potatoes, Lump Crab & Spicy Ginger Lime Broth!, Mistral is available for luncheon events for parties of all sizes, corporate or social. To further inquire about holding a lunch event at Mistral, please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, by email, Lflores@mistralbistro.com, or by phone (617) 867-9300., Our love inspired dessert special this evening, Fresh Strawberries Consommé with Mascarpone Mousse. Happy Valentine's Day, Fans!, Last minute Valentine's Day gift? We have one for you! Our sister property Mooo Restaurant, just added 4 seats to their SOLD OUT Winter Warmer 5 Course Scotch Dinner, February 19th at 6:30. RSVP is required, please call Ms. Christian Heydt at (617) 670-7525 , or by email, Cheydt@mooorestaurant.com to reserve your seats!, Chef Mitch's special for the evening! Pan Seared Sea Scallops, Roasted Cauliflower, Truffled Cauliflower Puree, Madeira, & Pancetta., Thank you for your kind words! We look forward to seeing you again soon!, Some of our amazing staff ready for service! Looking good, everyone!, Don't forget about our Instagram photo contest! When you're here during February, Instagram a picture and tag us using @Mistralrestaurant and the hashtag #MistralFebruary. The lucky winner will be chosen March 1st and will receive a $50 Gift Certificate!!, dot429 brought their 429Cocktails event to Mistral on 1/24/13 for a night of Specialty Cocktails and Hors d'Oeuvres! The event was sold out, and benefited the The Boston Living Center. We loved having them and hope to see them back soon!, Due to the fact that the parking ban has not been lifted yet, we will not be offering valet service tonight. However! Guests of Mistral are invited to use our complimentary car service for transportation within 2 miles of the restaurant! Call 617-867-9300 to schedule the car for your reservation tonight., Happy that Nemo is behind us! Celebrate this morning while you enjoy Mistral's Sunday Brunch!, Mistral will be closed again tonight. We hope that all of our friends are staying warm in this weather, and we look forward to seeing you soon!, Due to the inclement weather, Mistral will be closed this evening. We hope that everyone stays safe during the storm!, Enjoy our incredible dessert special this evening, Key Lime Filled Pavlova, with Blood Orange Sauce, Graham Cracker Crumble, & Navel Orange!, We want to congratulate our Beverage Manager, Dave Borsman, on his new promotion! Dave will now be overseeing the beverage programs of both Mistral Restaurant and Sorellina Boston. We are looking forward to new specialty cocktails and wine list additions!, Enjoy our complimentary car service on these dreary days to escape from the cold! Guests of Mistral are invited to use our car service to take them within two miles of the restaurant. To reserve our car service for your reservation, please call 617-867-9300., No need to find street parking when you have these gentlemen at your service! Meet some of our Valets from Ultimate Parking Boston! From the left, Tony (who has been with us at Mistral since just about day one, you might know him as "Tony Mistral"), Shawn or "June Bug", and Andrew!, Introducing our newest Thin Crust Pizza from the grill, Lamb Sausage, Oven Cured Piquillo Peppers, & Manchego!, Mistral will be closed for dinner tomorrow, February 3rd, for Super Bowl Sunday. Who are you rooting for??, Take a look at Chef Jamie Mammano's Tortilleria La Nina in the The Boston Globe!, Hi Fans! We are loving all of the photos coming our way from our guests! During the month of February we will be running an Instagram Photo Contest. Tag us (@mistralrestaurant) and use the hash tag #MistralFebruary when you Instagram a picture from your experience with us! Best part, winner gets a $50 Gift Certificate to Mistral! Winner's will be chosen March 1st. Good Luck!!, Award winning French Mediterranean cuisine, & unparalleled professional service. Le Salon du Mistral provides a sophisticated setting for intimate gatherings, leaving guests with the ultimate private dining experience. To further inquire about private dining at Mistral, please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, by email at LFlores@mistralbistro.com or by calling (617) 867-9300., We are so excited about our “Whole” Roasted Black Bass with Yukon Gold Potatoes, Lump Crab & Spicy Ginger Lime Broth being back on the menu! "Like" if you are too!, Thank you! We are so glad you enjoyed your experience!!, It's never too early to start thinking about Mistral's Sunday Brunch!, Our General Manager, Mark D'Alessandro, is now a Board Member for the organization, Hands Across the World, as an Advisor for Hospitality and Events! Congratulations Mark! For more information about Hands Across the World, please follow the link!, Pin us on Pinterest !, Stay warm with us at the bar tonight and enjoy one of Erica, our Bartender's favorite pizzas: White Cheese, Whipped Ricotta, Hot Pepper, Sea Salt & Arugula!, We agree with Helping Hands: Monkey Helpers for the Disabled on this frigid winter day!, Executive Pastry Chef Shane is at it again! Join us tonight for our Chocolate Hazelnut Tart with Buttermilk Gelato dessert special!, We appreciate when guests take time to leave us fabulous reviews! Thank you for your kind words!, Before our Pan Roasted Prime Sirloin is prepared! The Sirloin is served "Au Poivre" with Winter Vegetable Hash, Cognac & Green Peppercorns. Chef Maynard suggests you enjoy this dish medium-rare!, Take a look at our sister property, Tortilleria La Nina's brand new website!, For #WineWednesday on this frosty day, our bar suggests a glass of Pinot Noir, ‘Réserve’, Bouchard Père & Fils (Burgundy, France) to beat the chill!, Follow us on Instagram, @mistralrestaurant !, It certainly feels like winter out there! Get out of the cold and warm up with our Maine Lobster Bisque “En Croûte”!, Mistral, along with our sister restaurants, Sorellina Boston, Mooo Restaurant, Teatro Boston ,& L'Andana Grill will be participating in the TV Diner Platinum Plate Gala on February 15! Make sure to get your tickets and join us for this fabulous evening!, Our Lounge. Perfect for #cocktails on a #FridayNight!, Join us at the bar tonight and sip on our Key West! Privateer American Rum, Luxardo Maraschino, Homemade Pomegranate Syrup, & Fresh Lime., Have you stayed with our sister property, XV Beacon? Vote for them in Travel + Leisure World's Best Awards 2013 Survey!, Warm up with us at the bar tonight and indulge in one of our favorite comfort foods, Mistral's Black Truffle Macaroni with Madeira & Parmesan!, Thank you for your kind words!!, We hope to see you soon!, Follow our favorite Chef on Twitter! @Chef_Mammano, One of our Mistral favorites, Tuna Tartare with Crispy Wontons, Ginger & Soy., Congratulations to the team at Flour Bakery+Cafe for opening their fourth location on Clarendon Street in the Back Bay!! We can't wait to visit!, Planning to enjoy the winter in Boston? Enjoy luxury amenities while you stay with our sister property, XV Beacon! For rates and availability please follow the link. Also make sure to check out their Facebook Page for promotions and packages!, Chocolate Pizza? We think so! Enjoy our “Dolce Vita” Valrhona Dark Chocolate, Ricotta & Mascarpone Pizza tonight., "Like" this if you have tried Chef Mitch's "Le Mistral" sandwich at the Parish Cafe!  Medium Rare Beef Tenderloin on Ciabatta with Caramelized Onions and Melted Bel Paese Cheese. Topped with Seasoned Arugula, a Truffle Aioli, and Crispy Onions! Perfect for lunch as take-out (until the summer), or along with the Parish's impressive beer selections!, Thirsty? We have just what you need! Enjoy Mistral's extensive wine list during your night with us. What are some of your favorite wines?, We are very excited to announce that we will be participating in Taste of the South End 2013, along side some of the South End's best restaurants!, Join us at the bar tonight and enjoy one of our thin crust pizzas from the grill! Try our Tomato, Mozzarella & Oregano!, Thank you for such a lovely review!!, He's back!! We are excited to welcome back to Mistral, Executive Sous Chef, Jason Maynard!!, Enjoy Heirloom Squash Bisque with Crème Fraiche as a passed hors d'Oeuvre this winter at your next private function with us at Mistral! For more information about private dining at Mistral please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, at LFlores@MistralBistro.com, or by calling 617-867-9300., We are looking forward to seeing all of our amazing fans in the new year! For reservations please call 617-867-9300 or use the OpenTable app on our website, www.mistralbistro.com, Tweet us! @MistralBoston, Our French Dover Sole Meunière with Lemon & Capers, Sauté of Spinach & Onions,&  Fingerling Potatoes is always a favorite!, null, Happy New Year's from all of us at Mistral!! We wish nothing but the best for everyone in 2013!, We hope everyone had wonderful Christmas! Don't forget that you can still visit any of the Columbus Hospitality Group locations and purchase $500 worth of CHG gift cards to receive your $100 BONUS card! Offer is not valid online so please visit us at Mistral Restaurant, Sorellina Boston, Teatro Boston, Mooo Restaurant, L'Andana Grill, XV Beacon, or Inn @ St Botolph,  until December 31st to purchase yours!, Wishing our fans and their families a very merry Christmas!, Hot Callebaut Chocolate, Hand-Crafted Marshmallow. Perfect way to warm up with Mistral's Sunday Brunch! For reservations please call 617-867-9300 or use the OpenTable app on our website, www.mistralbistro.com, Chef's special tonight! Pan Roasted Sea Scallops with Truffled Cauliflower Puree, & Guanciale., Our Dessert Trio: Mini Chocolate Pot du Crème, Mini Crème Brulee & Mixed Berries with Champagne Sabayon. One of the many delicious dessert options for your next private event! For more information on private dining at Mistral, please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, by email at lflores@mistralbistro.com, or by calling 617.867.9300, Garden Greens with Tiny Tomatoes, Pecorino Romano, Aged Red Wine Vinaigrette, "This guy is the Bill Belichick of restaurants!" says the Phantom Gourmet about our General Manager, Mark D'Alessandro! If you missed Mark on the Phantom Gourmet radio show this Saturday, follow the link and scroll down to listen!, Did you know that our Beef Tenderloin, Mashed Potato, & White Truffle Oil Pizza has been on our menu for 15 years? Perfect as an appetizer or paired with drinks at the bar!, Thank you for such a lovely review! We hope to see you soon!, Warm up with us tonight with our Warm Chocolate Torte, Homemade Vanilla Ice Cream, & Sauce Anglaise., Enjoy Hot Apple Cider and Snickerdoodle Cookies when you stop into Mistral to purchase gift cards! When you purchase $500 worth of Columbus Hospitality Group gift cards you will receive a $100 BONUS card for yourself! Offer is not valid online so make sure to visit us at Mistral Restaurant, Sorellina Boston, Teatro Boston, Mooo Restaurant, L'Andana Grill, XV Beacon, and Inn @ St Botolph!, Make sure to listen to our General Manager, Mark D'Alessandro, tomorrow on the Phantom Gourmet radio show on 96.9 FM at 4PM!, Enjoy our Thai Chicken Sate with Spicy Peanut Sauce as a passed hors d’Oeuvres for your next private event! Le Salon du Mistral, Mistral's private dining room, provides an elegant setting perfect for any special occasion. For more information and availability please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, by email at Lflores@mistralbistro.com, or by calling (617)-867-9300., Our Chefs have two fantastic specials for you tonight! Warm up with our New England Style Clam Chowder, and give in to your sweet-tooth with our Bittersweet Chocolate Mousse with Caramel Chantilly Cream!, We asked members of our Columbus Hospitality Group what their suggestions were for the holidays! Look through our Holiday Guide for inspirirations for your holiday party, what to bring for the holidays, and gifts for people on your list!, We would like to wish a Happy Hanukkah to all of those who celebrate! Take a look at Eater Boston's Ultimate Guide to Eating Latkes in Boston!, What an honor! Thank you, Zagat Survey, for including us as one of "10 Restaurants With the Best Service in the Boston Area"!, Don't feel like driving or taking a cab tonight? Guests of Mistral are invited to enjoy our complimentary car service within a 2 mile radius of the restaurant! To book the car service for your reservation please call 617-867-9300., During the month of December, when you purchase $500 worth of Columbus Hospitality Group gift cards, you will receive a $100 BONUS card for yourself! Offer is not valid online so please visit us at Mistral Restaurant, Sorellina Boston, Mooo Restaurant, Teatro Boston, L'Andana Grill, Inn @ St Botolph, or XV Beacon, to purchase yours!, Get yourself in the holiday spirit with our Coupe de Maison, made with Hennessy VS Cognac, Drunken Cranberry Syrup, Bitters, & Prosecco., Special guest appearance today by the one and only Jason Maynard! Happy to see you, Jason!, One of our favorite appetizers, Grilled Portobello Mushroom "Carpaccio" with Roasted Peppers Agrodolce & Arugula., Thank you so much for your kind words! We hope to see you again soon!, Join us tonight and enjoy some of Executive Chef, Mitchell Randall's preparations of classic French Mediterranean cuisine. His favorite right now? Our Grilled Swordfish with Piquillo Pepper "Romesco" Manila Clams, Baby Potatoes & Chorizo., "Like" this if you will be experiencing the holidays with the 2012 Holiday Boston Pops this season!, Join us at the bar tonight and enjoy one of our many delicious cocktails. A Mistral favorite? Try our Clouseau, made with Belvedere Pink Grapefruit, Lillet Blanc, St. Germain and Fresh Pink Grapefruit., Happy December, Facebook! What is your favorite December activity in Boston?, Happy to say that our Braised Lamb “Osso Bucco” with Goat Cheese Polenta, Oven Cured Tomatoes & Toasted Garlic Gremolata is back on the menu!, If you enjoy this picture, wait until you try them yourself! Warm Cinnamon Buns, baked to order, at Mistral's Sunday Brunch. For reservations please call 617-867-9300 or use the OpenTable app on our website, www.mistralbistro.com, Step by step pictures for the creation of our Nantucket Bay Scallops with Lemon Thyme and White Wine special!, Thank you so much to Devra First of The Boston Globe for the fabulous review!, Starting December 1st and throughout the entire month of December, when you purchase $500 worth of Columbus Hospitality Group Gift Cards you will receive a $100 BONUS gift card! This offer is not valid online so make sure to stop by Mistral Restaurant, Sorellina Boston, Teatro Boston, Mooo Restaurant, L'Andana Grill, XV Beacon, or Inn @ St Botolph to purchase yours!, Perfect night for some hot and crispy Mistral Fries, don't you think?, Tweet us! @MistralBoston, Pan Roasted Prime Sirloin "Au Poivre", Fall Root Vegetable Hash, Cognac & Green Peppercorn. How do you like yours cooked?, One of our favorite sides, Brussels Sprouts with Bacon & Hazelnuts., Pin us on Pinterest!, Already have your Black Friday shopping mapped out? Make sure to  take a look at the Newbury Street League's shopping guide! Save some energy (and your appetite) for after your Black Friday shopping extravaganza and join us for dinner! For reservations please call (617)-867-9300 or use the OpenTable app on our website, www.mistralbistro.com, One of the 25 apple pies we made for Community Servings' Pie in the Sky! Didn't get a chance to order yours? No worries! Follow the link to view the Cash-N-Carry sites they have set up throughout Greater Boston today and tomorrow!
https://www.servings.org/events/pies/buyflow/cart.cfm?catalogue, Join us for dinner before you enjoy a lovely performance at the Boston Symphony Orchestra this holiday season! For reservations please call, (617)-867-9300, or use the OpenTable app on our website, www.mistralbistro.com., We still have dates available in December and January for your holiday luncheon event in Le Salon du Mistral! For more information please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, by email lflores@mistralbistro.com, or by calling (617)-867-9300., Enjoy our Lambs Lettuce Salad with Soft Goat Cheese & Pecan Melba, Apple Cider Vinaigrette as an appetizer this weekend., Thank you for the lovely review!!, Feeling a little like 007 tonight? Join us tonight and enjoy our newest cocktail, The Skyfall: Ketel One Oranje, Nolet’s ‘Silver’ Dry Gin, Noilly Prat Dry Vermouth, garnished with an Orange Peel., Mistral will be participating in Community Servings's Pie in the Sky day November,21! The proceeds from the sales of each pie help provide meals and nutrition to the critically ill and homebound in Massachusetts. Pies are $25 each, and are an incredibly delicious addition to your Thanksgiving dinner. To purchase your pie, and for more information, please follow the link!, Congratulations to our sister property, XV Beacon, for being named one of Fodor's Top 100 Hotels for "City Chic" !!, Executive Pastry Chef, Shane Gray, brings you his newest sorbet, Fresh Tangerine., Starting your holiday shopping early? Give a Columbus Hospitality Group gift card! CHG gift cards may be used at any of our award winning restaurants and hotels. Purchase yours online by following the link or by visiting any of the Columbus Hospitality Group properties, Mistral Restaurant, Sorellina Boston, Teatro Boston, Mooo Restaurant, L'andana, XV Beacon, and the Inn @ St Botolph., CHG Bakes for Hurricane Sandy Relief!  Join us from now until November 18th and take home a bag of Executive Pastry Chef, Shane Gray's Hazelnut Chocolate Chip Cookies. All proceeds from this dessert will benefit the Save the Children Hurricane Sandy Relief Fund!, Toast to the weekend at Mistral with a glass of Louis Roederer Brut Premier, paired with our Steamed Black Mussels with Smoked Tomato Marinière, & Grilled Semolina Toasts., null, Sophisticated. Elegant. Intimate. There are still dates available in January for private events in Le Salon du Mistral. For more information,  please contact Director of 
Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, at Lflores@mistralbistro.com or by calling (617) 867-9300.

Photo Credit: Leise Jones Photography www.leisejones.com, Follow us on Instagram! MistralRestaurant, It might be cold outside, but it's warming up in Mistral's kitchen! Tonight's chefs special: Foie Gras Meatballs made with Madeira, Parmesan Polenta., Make sure to vote for our friends at Trade for Boston's Restaurant of the year!! Follow the link!, We are delighted to bring you our newest entree, Ricotta Gnocchi with Red Wine Braised Boar, Mirepoix, Zante Currants & Parmesan., Thank you for such a wonderful review!!, null, Holiday season is right around the corner! Get a head start on your shopping by purchasing a Columbus Hospitality Group gift card! Gift cards may be redeemed at any of our award winning restaurants and hotels. Purchase online by following the link or visit any of our locations! Mistral Restaurant, Sorellina Boston, Mooo Restaurant, Teatro Boston, L'andana, Inn @ St Botolph, XV Beacon., Maine Crab Cakes, our signature Tuna Tartare on a Crispy Wonton, and Lemon Parmesean Arancini. All can be served as passed hors d'oeuvres for your next private event in Le Salon du Mistral. For more information, please contact Director of Sales and Marketing Lisa Flores at lflores@mistralbistro.com or by calling 617-867-9300, Ever wondered what the penthouse on top of Mistral's building looks like on the inside? Well now you can see it for yourself! Check out Chronicle on WCVB Channel 5 tonight at 7:30 PM for a closer look!, null, We have some of the BEST Facebook Fans out there! Thank you all so much for making our page reach 1,000 "likes"!! If you haven't had the chance, make sure to check out our sister properties pages, Sorellina Boston, Teatro Boston, Mooo Restaurant, L'andana, XV Beacon, and Inn @ St Botolph!, Join us this evening for some delicious Halloween offerings! Wild Alaskan Salmon Tartare with Creme Fresh and Wild Sturgeon Caviar, and tonight's drink special, Housemade Fuji Apple Infused Cognac, Housemade Salt Caramel Syrup and Apple Chips., Another beautiful addition to our dessert menu, Carrot Cake with Toffee Glace, Pecans & Cream Cheese Ice Cream., Due to the current weather conditions, Mistral will be closed this evening. We hope that everyone stays safe throughout the storm!, Our Executive Pastry Chef, Shane Gray, has a delicious new addition to our dessert menu! Take a look at our new “Dolce Vita”  Grilled Pizza, with Valrhona Dark Chocolate, Ricotta & Mascarpone., Join us this Sunday for Brunch and enjoy our Milk Chocolate Chip Pancakes, with Banana Brûlée, Hazelnut Nutella & Crisp Plantain! For reservations please call 617-867-9300 or use the OpenTable app on our website www.mistralbistro.com, Photo: Leah Haydock Photography www.leahhaydock.com, Thank you for the lovely review!, Chef Mitch's special for this evening: Nantucket Bay Scallops, with White Wine, Lemon, & Thyme Butter., "Like" this photo if you are in the mood for some delicious fresh scallops!, Pin us on Pinterest, Mistral Restaurant !, Host your next luncheon event with Mistral in our private dining room, Le Salon du Mistral. Whether it be a corporate lunch meeting or a special family occasion, Mistral provides the ultimate private dining experience. For more information please contact Lisa Flores at LFlores@mistralbistro.com or by calling (617)-867-9300., Mobile users! Take a look at the XV Beacon App found in iTunes!  The App recommends favorite places, restaurants, museums, and shopping throughout the city. It also includes Packages and Promotions for your perfect vacation or event. Did we mention that it's free?, Tonight's Chef's Special: Foie Gras & Duck Confit Ravioli, with Truffled Madeira, Maitake Mushrooms, and Sage., We would just like to wish our friends at Trade a very happy one year anniversary! Congratulations!, Happy Monday, fans! Do you love using Instagram? Follow us! MistralRestaurant, Guests of Mistral are invited to enjoy our complimentary car service. Let us pick you up and whisk you away to enjoy a fabulous night! Our car service is provided upon request within a 2 mile radius of the restaurant. To book the car service for your reservation please call 617-867-9300, Le Salon du Mistral provides an intimate and elegant setting, perfect to host your next private event. For information on private dining at Mistral please contact Lisa Flores at lflores@mistralbistro.com or by calling 617-867-9300, Such an honor to be included in Zagat Survey's post "5 Best Restaurants to Meet for a Drink in Boston"! Join us tonight for a drink, like our signature Clouseau: Belvedere Pink Grapefruit, Lillet Blanc, St. Germain, Fresh Pink Grapefruit., Celebrate your wedding ceremony & reception, engagement party, and rehearsal dinner with elegance and grace in Le Salon du Mistral, Mistral’s Private Dining Room. For more information, please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, by email, LFLores@MistralBistro.com, or by phone (617) 867-9300, Will you be enjoying the festivities at the Head Of The Charles Regatta this weekend? Join us for Sunday Brunch before you watch the races! A few Mistral Mimosas with Veuve Clicquot Brut and Freshly Squeezed Orange Juice will start the day off right, don't you think?, "Like" this if you are in the mood for our Warm Chocolate Torte with Housemade Vanilla Ice Cream & Sauce Anglaise. Perfect end to any meal!, null, A picture of the Duck Confit with Wild Mushroom Cous Cous Risotto Chef Mitch prepared for the Helping Hands: Monkey Helpers for the Disabled Food Festivale this weekend! Thank you for the photo, The Perfect Bite, Boston !, We had SO much fun this weekend at the Helping Hands: Monkey Helpers for the Disabled Food Festivale! It was so great to see all of our friends, new and old, and everyone who came to show their support of this fantastic organization! We hope to see you all next year!!, It's here!! The Helping Hands: Monkey Helpers for the Disabled Food Festivale is tomorrow and we are so excited! Join us for this exciting evening which supports the Monkey Helpers Training and Placement Program. Tickets are still on sale, we would love to see you there!, We still have dates available for holiday parties in Le Salon du Mistral! Host a holiday dinner, cocktail reception, or luncheon with Mistral which will leave you and your guests with lasting memories. Perfect way to celebrate the holidays. To inquire about Le Salon du Mistral please contact Ms. Lisa Flores at LFlores@mistralbistro.com, or by calling 617-867-9300., Fresh Brussels Sprouts for one of our newest side dishes, Brussels Sprouts with Bacon & Hazelnuts., Looking for a nice, cozy stay when you visit the city this fall? Look no further than our sister property, the  Inn @ St Botolph  Warm up and relax in your Frete Robe & Slippers by your own fireplace!
, There are still tickets available for the Helping Hands: Monkey Helpers for the Disabled Food Festivale THIS Saturday! Please join us for a night of delicious food,live music, and an incredible silent auction! All proceeds will go towards the Monkey Helper Training and Placement Program. For tickets and more information, please follow the link!, Our full menu is available to be enjoyed at the bar. Join us for dinner tonight!, We just love reviews like these! Thank you for your kind words!, Happy Columbus Day! Don't feel like cooking tonight? Join us tonight at Mistral for dinner and dessert! We are open for dinner at 5:30 PM,  See you then!, TGIF.  Enjoy this long weekend, Facebook! Mistral will be open on Columbus Day. For reservations please call 617-867-9300 or use the OpenTable App on our website., Our approach to private dining is one that emphasizes simplicity in planning with strict attention to detail and elegance. Le Salon du Mistral, Mistral's private dining room, is available for lunch and dinner events as well as Sunday brunch, and serves as the perfect location for any event, social or corporate, large or small. For more information please contact Lisa Flores at lflores@mistralbistro.com or by calling 617-867-9300, We are so excited to see the new film Helping Hands: Monkey Helpers for the Disabled will be featuring at the Food Festivale next week!, It's National Taco Day!! We wont be making any tacos here at Mistral but you can catch our sister property, Tortilleria La Nina's products around the city, like on The Taco Truck ! Their all natural, authentically made tortillas make for the best tacos!, Join us tonight for our seasonally inspired  Cumin & Maple Roasted Cornish Game Hen, Mélange de Market Fall Vegetables & Thyme!, Pin us on Pinterest! MistralBoston, A Mistral Signature: Grilled Tenderloin of Beef, Bordelaise Style, Olive Oil Roasted Asparagus & Horseradish Whipped Potato., We are getting so excited for the Helping Hands: Monkey Helpers for the Disabled Food Festivale! Join us for this exciting night and enjoy some of Boston's best food and entertainment while supporting the Monkey Helpers Training and Placement Program. The monkeys and their recipients really appreciate your support!! For tickets and more information, visit http://monkeyhelpers.org/events/2012-festivale/, One of the newer Appetizer courses on our menu: Endive & Green Watercress, French Butter Pear, Toasted Walnuts, & Sidra Azul., Happy October 1st, Facebook! Jump right into the fall with one of our newest seasonal cocktails. Try our Harvest: Tito's Handmade Vodka, Cointreau, Homemade Spiced Cider Syrup, & Cranberry., Chef Joanne Chang-Myers, owner of  Flour Bakery+Cafe, announced the opening of a new location, Flour4! Joanne spent two years with us at Mistral as pastry chef and we are so happy to share her success! Congratulations, Joanne!!, null, Looking for the perfect gift for your favorite foodie? Give them a Columbus Hospitality Group Gift Card! CHG gift cards are perfect for any occasion. Gift Cards can be used at any of our award winning restaurants and hotels. To purchase a gift card you may buy online or visit any of our properties. Mistral Restaurant, Mooo Restaurant, Sorellina Boston, Teatro Boston, L'andana, XV Beacon, Inn @ St Botolph., It's never too early to start planning your holiday parties! Le Salon du Mistral is the perfect location to host your gathering, whether it be social or corporate, large or small. Mistral will assist with every detail to ensure a stress-free memorable experience. For more information about Le Salon du Mistral, please contact Lisa Flores at LFlores@mistralbistro.com or by calling 617-867-9300., Jump right into the fall with our newest "Fall Away" cocktail. Sailor Jerry Rum, Carolina Moonshine, Homemade Chai Spice Syrup & Fresh Lime. Bar opens at 5 p.m. !, We are getting closer to the Helping Hands: Monkey Helpers for the Disabled Annual Food Festivale! Bidding for the online auction has started, take a look at some of the cool items that are being auctioned!, null, Red Kuri Squash being prepared ! A colorful fall addition to our menu., Beautiful new fall arrangements by Winston Flowers !, Happy first day of fall, Boston! We're so excited to be using this seasons finest ingredients in our dishes. Try our “Escalope” of Veal Milanese with Roasted Maitake Mushrooms, Red Kuri Squash, Madeira & Sage., It is just about 5:00 p.m. on Friday, you know what that means! Toast to the weekend with one of our new delicious cocktails. Try our "Key West" - Privateer American Rum, Luxardo Maraschino, Homemade Pomegranate Syrup & Fresh Lime., You guessed it, Tomato Bisque is back on the menu! Join us for our Native Tomato Bisque with Snipped Basil & Parmesan “En Croûte” for this perfect fall day!, Beautiful Native Field Tomatoes for one of our FAVORITE fall appetizers!! Can you guess what Chef Mitch will be adding to the menu tonight?, "Every day needs to be like the first day you open for business" - General Manager, Mark D'Alessandro, on preparing for service., Happy National Cheeseburger Day!! Join us at the bar for our incredible Prime Sirloin Burger with Applewood Smoked Bacon, Gruyere Cheese & Frites! Burger is available at the bar only, see you for the holiday!, We are very excited to announce our newest Executive Sous Chef, Ronaldo Hernandez!! Congratulations Ronaldo, we are so excited for you and can't wait to see what you have in store for us!, The first day of fall is this Saturday, September 22, and we are looking forward to some new fall additions to our menu! That being said, this is the last week to enjoy Mistral's Corn Soup! Join us this week for our Corn Soup with Maine Lobster, Avocado & Jalapeno Oil before its too late!, Some pictures from the Copley Square Farmers Market !, Our sister restaurant, Sorellina Boston, is happy to announce that Jason Maynard will be their new Executive Sous Chef! We will miss you here at Mistral, Jason, but we are wishing you the best!!, Le Salon du Mistral, Mistral’s private dining room, provides a sophisticated setting for intimate gatherings, perfect for your next luncheon event. Whether your party is large or small, social or corporate, we will assist in every aspect of your event to ensure a stress-free, memorable experience. For more information about luncheons please contact Lisa Flores, at lflores@mistralbistro.com or (617)-867-9300, “While Boston is traditionally defined by its history and heritage, the city is today brimming with a new energy that supports a trendsetting dining and nightlife scene,”  We can not agree more! What are your thoughts on Boston's first ice bar?, Don't feel like driving or taking a cab? Guests of Mistral are invited to use the restaurant’s complimentary car service for transportation within metro Boston. Call our reservations office to schedule the car service for your next reservation at (617) 867-9300, There's still time to enjoy some sweet summer corn! One of our newest pizzas: Summer Corn, Chanterelles, Applewood Smoked Bacon & Scallions., Congratulations to Marga Raffucci on becoming Sorellina's new Executive Chef!! Best wishes to you, Marga!, Tonight's Chef Special: Crispy Local Zucchini Blossoms with House-Made Basil Honey & Whipped Ricotta., Some pictures from the Copley Square Farmers Market !, Its definitely starting to feel like fall out there- which means there's little time to still enjoy some of the summers best produce! Join us at Mistral for our Heirloom Tomato & Buffalo Mozzarella, with Aged Balsamic & Extra Virgin Olive Oil. You don't want your taste buds to miss out!, Chef Mitch's special for tonight: Braised Smoked Pork Belly with Black Beluga Lentils in a Golden Raisin Aged Chardonnay Vinaigrette. Bon Appétit!, Le Salon du Mistral is available for Sunday brunch events. Take a look at the review that Chowhound, Blumie, wrote about their experience with us this past Sunday! Thank you for such a lovely review! For more information on hosting a private event with Mistral, please contact Lisa Flores at LFlores@mistralbistro.com or call (617)-867-9300., Tune in tonight at 7 p.m. to TV Diner's "Drink This" segment on NECN, which will be featuring Teatro Boston's Mango Margarita!, Executive Chef, Mitchell Randall, introduces a sandwich for the Parish Cafe!, Take a look at the new Enhancement at Inn @ St Botolph ! , Update: Our Antinori Wine Dinner, scheduled for Tuesday, September 11th, will be postponed to a later date. We are sorry about any inconvenience to our guests, but please stay tuned for a new date coming soon! We are looking forward to seeing you then!, Love our Facebook Page? Make sure to follow us on Twitter! @MistralBoston, Who will be enjoying Fashion's Night Out Boston tonight? Join us for some dinner and drinks before or after you enjoy the fabulous festivities!!, Who will be enjoying Fashion's Night Out Boston this evening?, null, A Mistral Exclusive: Mexican Coca-Cola! Mistral offers Mexican Coca-Cola in a glass bottle as a choice of beverage. The Mexican Coca-Cola is made with sugarcane, as opposed to corn syrup, giving it the most natural taste. There's nothing like a crisp, cold, Coca-Cola, don't you agree?, Celebrate your wedding ceremony & reception, engagement party, and rehearsal dinner with elegance and grace in Le Salon du Mistral, Mistral’s Private Dining Room. For more information, please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, by email, LFLores@MistralBistro.com, or by phone (617) 867-9300, Take a look at the latest "Monkeys in a Minute" video from our charity we sponsor, Helping Hands: Monkey Helpers for the Disabled! 
Don't forget to get your tickets for the annual Helping Hands Food Festivale, Saturday,  October 13, at WGBH Studios!  All proceeds from the event will go to the Monkey Helper Training and Placement Program. For tickets and more information, visit http://www.monkeyhelpers.org/events/2012-festivale/, Happy Labor Day!! Mistral will be open for dinner this evening. Join us for a Beef Tenderloin Pizza with Mashed Potatoes & White Truffle Oil. You worked hard for it!, Photos of our employee appreciation dinner to thank all of our employees for their hard work during restaurant week!! Thank you everyone for your tremendous efforts!!, Celebrate your wedding ceremony & reception, engagement party, and rehearsal dinner with elegance and grace in Le Salon du Mistral, Mistral’s Private Dining Room. For more information, please contact Director of Sales and Marketing, Lisa Flores, by email, LFLores@MistralBistro.com, or by phone (617) 867-9300, null, We love reviews like this! Thank you for your kind words and we hope to see you back soon!, We agree with Bernie Leed of Boston Magazine's Chowder, that corn is one of our favorite summer ingredients too! Take a look at how we, and other local restaurants like Franklin Cafe and Masa, are incorporating this delicious vegetable into menu items. Thank you for including us, Chowder!, This is the last week to enjoy Restaurant Week! Call our reservations office at 617-867-9300 or use the OpenTable app on our website to book your reservation today!, Le Salon du Mistral, Mistral’s private dining room, provides a sophisticated intimate setting for your next private event. Whether it’s a high profile corporate dinner, special family occasion or wedding reception, we will assist in every aspect of your event to ensure a memorable experience. To further inquire about our Salon du Mistral please contact Ms. Lisa Flores, via email lflores@mistralbistro.com , or by phone 617-867-9300, Chris our future dining room manager, doing some dining room maintenance !! Keep up the good work, Chris!!, Be sure to get your tickets for the Annual Helping Hands: Monkey Helpers for the Disabled Festivale! Mistral and our sister properties, along with many other fabulous restaurants will be catering the event! All proceeds will go to the Monkey Helper Training and Placement Program. Join us for this exciting evening and to support this great cause!, Some photos of our Restaurant Week Selections!!, We are always so honored when we receive such great reviews. Thank you to David Pistrang of Chow.com for featuring our brunch in this article! Also thank you to TrishUntrapped for her awesome review of her brunch experience! Be sure to read her review which is linked at the bottom of the article!, Make sure to get your tickets!
Join our sister company, Tortilleria La Nina at the Lookout Farm event Aug. 26th hosted by TV Diner !!, Thank you to Lisa van der Pool from the Boston Business Journal for including us as one of Bostons 10 Businesses to Follow on Instragram! Do you have Instagram? Follow us at MistralRestaurant!, Restaurant Week starts tomorrow!! Are you as excited as we are? Three delicious courses for $33.12. See you next week!!, Today would have been well known Chef, TV Icon, and Author of "Mastering the Art of French Cooking" Julia Child's 100th birthday! Thank you for the inspiration Julia! Your delicious recipes are still used by cuisine enthusiasts all over!, Thank you for coming to visit us for your anniversary, and for the fantastic review! We hope you enjoyed your evening!!, We would like to congratulate Lauren Santilli on her new position with the Columbus Hospitality Group as social media manager!!! We are very excited!!, In the latest edition of the Improper Bostonian Magazine, columnist Jonathan Soroff mentions the event we held in our private dining room for the charity that we are corporate sponsors for, Helping Hands: Monkey Helpers for the Disabled. Thank you so much for everything Jonathan!, Breakfast/brunch is such an important part of the day! Start your day off right and come join us between 10:30am-2:00pm!, Come in tonight and enjoy one of our many refreshing summer cocktails, like the Clouseau, made with Belvedere Pink Grapefruit, Lillet Blanc, St. Germain and Fresh Pink Grapefruit., We are looking forward to welcoming our guests for Restaurant Week Boston Summer 2012! For reservations please call (617) 867-9300!, We love reviews like this. Thank you for dining with us over the years, and for all of your kind words! , We are looking forward to welcoming Jennifer Johnson, co-host of NECN's TV Diner, on October 13th as the guest emcee of Helping Hands: Monkey Helpers for the Disabled Festivale! , Did you know that Mistral's Tuna Tartare has been on the menu for the past 15 years? Watch this video to see Chef Mammano explain to Jenny Johnson - NECN how we make our tuna tartare!, Need the perfect gift? Give a Columbus Hospitality Group Gift Card for any occasion., Like this status if Mistral is your favorite "Date Night" spot!, Mistral Welcomes You to Summer Restaurant Week 2012, Look for Chef Mammano on TV: Diner today at 10:30am and 7:00pm!, What's new on the menu you ask? We have our Pan Seared Cape Cod Sea Scallops with Whipped Celery Root, Black Summer Truffle & Guanciale! Thanks to Chef Mitch for the great photo!, We are enjoying Summer at Mistral with all our new menu items! We have fired up the grill to bring you our Grilled Native Striped Bass with Sardinian Couscous, Cherry Tomato & English Cucumber, and Chardonnay Vinaigrette., Find out why the seafood at Mistral is so fresh. Watch the video!, Have you had a chance to try our refreshing Cucumber Caipirinha cocktail? If you love it as much as we do, watch our cocktail video to learn how to make it at home!, Bites of Boston Food Tour http://conta.cc/OidFwK, Thank you to all of our amazing guests and fans for being so loyal to us over the years!, Appetizer special for this evening: Heirloom Tomato & Buffalo Mozzarella, Aged Balsamic, Copley Square Farmers Market Basil and Extra Virgin Olive Oil., The fresh Heirloom Tomatoes & Gorgonzola Piccante is served with our savory Pan Roasted Prime Sirloin, but can also be ordered as a side dish., There are a lot of great food bloggers in Boston, but there is one in particular that stands out that we'd like to share with you. With photos and descriptions that make your mouth water, The Perfect Bite, Boston is a great place to find recommendations on restaurants, cafes, burger joints and new openings around Boston. Check the blog out for yourself at www.ThePerfectBiteBoston.com or visit the Facebook Page for delicious details!, Our approach to corporate luncheons and private lunch gatherings is highlighted by quality and personalization. Mistral is the perfect Boston venue for corporate lunch events or private dining events. For more information on Le Salon Du Mistral, please visit our website., Dessert special from our Executive Pastry Chef Shane: The financier with Ward Berry Farm black raspberries, white chocolate sauce and salted vanilla streusel, We are glad to hear you and your family had a wonderful dinner. Thank you for the amazing compliments! , Great photo from the event last night of our jalapeño margaritas by @BosMagEvents!! Thanks Boston Magazine Events!, null, We had a lot of fun creating this new summer cocktail: The Yellow Watermelon Margarita. It's the perfect combination of Milagro Silver, Cointreau, Yellow Watermelon and Fresh Lime!!, Congratulations to the Massachusetts General Hospital Team! , Sorellina - Gagliardo Wine Dinner http://conta.cc/O9H0cn, Our sister restaurant Sorellina Boston is having a 5-Course Wine Dinner tomorrow night! Seats are still available. For inquiries and reservations, please contact them directly at 617-412-4465., Le Salon du Mistral is the perfect setting for your business lunches, social gatherings, birthday celebrations and holiday parties. We can accommodate 60 seated guests and up to 80 guests for cocktails and hors d'oeuvres. For more information, please contact Lisa Flores at lflores@mistralbistro.com or by calling 617.867.9300., Brunch special today: Chanterelle and local corn omelette with tempura squash blossoms., Come join us for brunch today between 10:30am-2:00pm and choose from options like our Prime Sirloin Burger, or our BLT with applewood bacon, Boston lettuce, oven-cured tomato sandwich, potato toast and rosemary frites!, Have you had a chance to try one of our new summer appetizers? This one is sure to be a fan favorite: Truffled Prime Sirloin Tartare with Pickled Summer Vegetables, Soft Poached Quail Egg and Brioche Pullman., Thank you to Jack Sparacino, Chef Concierge at Hotel Veritas, for his thoughtful card congratulating us on winning Boston's Best Brunch in the Improper Bostonian! Thank you for thinking of us!, Our sister restaurant is having a cocktail tasting tonight at their bar from 5:30-7:30pm! Come and enjoy samples of 3 of their featured cocktails!
, Looking forward to seeing you for brunch!!!, We have had the pleasure of hosting some amazing food bloggers in the Boston area like The Boston Foodie, The Perfect Bite, Boston, and Confessions of a Chocoholic. Check out what the food bloggers had to say about our cocktails, dishes and dessert!, Chef Mitch is excited to introduce a new summer dish to the menu: Pan Roasted Prime Sirloin with Heirloom Tomatoes & Gorgonzola Piccante, Maître d'Hôtel, Vin Cotto*, We love having guests come dine with us from all over the city. Thanks for choosing to dine with us at Mistral. , null, We are celebrating the summer months by adding new, seasonal ingredients into our dishes. Summer truffles can be found in two of our new summer menu items: Pan Seared Cape Cod Sea Scallops and Ricotta Gnocchi with Maine Lobster., Welcome back to Boston for those of you who were on vacation last week, we hope everyone had a fantastic July 4th! We have been busy in the kitchen adding a few new summer items to the menu like our Chilled Native Tomato Gazpacho with Jumbo Lump Crab, Avocado & Cilantro., Great job Chris!!, Have you had a chance to try some of our new summer dishes? New items include a Black Mission, Fig, Prosciutto, Gorgonzola & Port pizza, Chilled Native Tomato Gazpacho with Jumbo Lump Crab, Avocado & Cilantro and Grilled Swordfish with Piquillo Pepper "Romesco", Cockle Clams, Baby Confit Potatoes & Chorizo!, Happy 25th Anniversary! Thanks for sharing your special day with us!, Congratulations to Parish Cafe for being named Best Sandwich by The Improper Bostonian Magazine!!, Happy Fourth of July from our family at Mistral!! Just a reminder, we will be closed today and will reopen tomorrow for dinner. Who's going to see the Boston fireworks tonight?, Thank you to the Improper Bostonian Magazine for naming Mistral Restaurant Boston's Best Brunch of 2012, and to our wonderful guests and fans for joining us every Sunday for brunch!

Congratulations to our sister restaurant L'Andana Grill for winning Best Suburban Restaurant, North and to all of the other winners!, Congratulations to Trade for winning Improper Bostonian Magazine's Best New Restaurant and Best After Work Drinks!, To all of our wonderful guests and fans: Mistral will be closed on July 4th and will reopen for dinner on Thursday July 5th!, null, Fresh Raspberries from the Copley Square Farmers Market for our Key lime & Raspberry Mousse Parfait!, Addition to the menu this evening: Native fluke crudo with Copley Farmers market vegetables., Preview of our fluke special for tonight., Salon du Mistral - Private Dining Room http://conta.cc/MDqy4l, Looking for dinner plans this weekend? Come join our family at Mistral and enjoy some of our signture dishes like the Grilled Tenderloin of Beef Bordelaise Style with Olive Oil Roasted Asparagus & Horseradish Whipped Potato. For reservations please call 617-867-9300., Mistral would like to send a special thank you to all our of guests and fans who helped us to become one of the Travelers' favorite Restaurants in Boston on TripAdvisor!!, Pass the message along! , Our Executive Pastry Chef Shane has prepared a berry delicious dessert special this evening! Key lime & raspberry mousse parfait!, Our new Summer cocktail list is coming soon! We are excited to see what our Beverage Director, David Borsman, comes up with next! Do you have a favorite summer cocktail?, @BOSsocialguide last meal would be the Rock Shrimp & Preserved Lemon Risotto! What's that one Mistral signature dish you couldn't live without?, Mistral is participating in the 3rd annual Ted Rubin Memorial Golf Tournament today in Bolton. Proceeds will benefit Dr. Richard Stones' Leukemia Research at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute. Our Chefs will be serving Rosemary Lemon Grilled Cornish Game Hen with Market Vegetables & Panzanella. Good luck to all the golfers!, Let us help you plan your dream wedding. Le Salon Du Mistral is the perfect destination for your engagement party, rehearsal dinner or wedding day. For more information on Le Salon du Mistral, please contact Lisa Flores at lflores@mistralbistro.com or by calling 617.867.9300., What is your Mistral must have for Sunday Brunch? Is it our Warm Cinnamon Buns, our Classic Fine Herb & Whipped Ricotta Omelette or our Milk Chocolate Chip Pancakes with Banana Brulee, Hazelnut Nutella & Crisp Plantain?, We agree with Brandy Rand from Boston Common Magazine, gin cocktails are definitely making a comeback in Boston! Come try our Lavender Lemonade with Beefeater Gin., Happy first day of summer!! Look at these beautiful strawberries Chef Mitch got at the Copley Square Farmers Market yesterday!, "What can event planners not live without?" Lisa Flores talks with the Venuetastic Team!, New issue out today!! , Join Mistral on Google + http://bit.ly/KOi2we, Copley Farmers Market to get some local ingredients. via Instagram., Thank you to the MA Restaurant Association (MRA) for hosting our Director of Marketing and Sales, and Social Media Manager at the #mrasymposium yesterday!, Thank you for the wonderful compliment!! , A reception party was held at the Mistral Restaurant for Helping Hands, a national nonprofit organization that trains Capuchin monkeys to provide assistance to individuals living with mobility impairments. Photo courtesy of BillBrett.com. http://www.boston.com/lifestyle/specials/bill_brett/latest?pg=12, Congratulations to our sister property The Inn @ St Botolph on their TripAdvisor Excellence Award! , Instagram: MistralRestaurant, Appetizer Special: Prime Sirloin Carpaccio, Copley Farmer's Market Fresh Garlic, Lemon Aioli, Mizuna & Pink Radish, We are all about using local ingredients here at Mistral and supporting our local farmers. Chef Mitch took a few of our chefs to Copley Farmer's market today and picked up some garlic scape that will be used in the prime sirloin carpaccio appetizer. Picture to follow., Thank you to the Boston Center for Adult Education for allowing Chef Jason Maynard and Mixologist and Beverage Director Dave Borsman from Mistral to teach "Provencal Pairings!" We heard everyone had a great time!! Photo courtesy of BCAE., Le Salon du Mistral is the perfect location for your next event! Available for brunch buffets, luncheons, dinners and cocktail receptions., Chef Mitch is always coming up with new, creative menus for Mistral's private events, like this Hamachi Crudo with Aioli, Cocktail Grapefruit and Cilantro! For more information about planning your event please contact Lisa Flores at lflores@mistralbistro.com or by calling 617.867.9300., Mistral is excited to be joining Instagram! Find us under: MistralRestaurant., Thank you for the wonderful TripAdvisor review!!, Thank you for this wonderful review! , Find Mistral on Google plus! https://plus.google.com/u/0/b/110715430832706532784/110715430832706532784, Great blog post by Travcy from 40-Something Life!!! , Congratulations on graduting!! Make sure to visit when you are back in town!! , Thanks Grub Street Boston for the birthday wishes!! , Lisa Flores, Director of Marketing and Sales for the Columbus Hospitality Group, talks to the Venuetastic Team about what really goes on behind the scenes in event planning! http://blog.venuetastic.com/2012/06/01/i-hate-the-perception-that-event-planners-have-to-the-public-venuetastic-insider-lisa-flores/, Mistral would like to Thank The City of Boston For Their Support For the Past 15 Years!, If you missed TV Diner this weekend, we've got you covered! Check out the clip of Chef Jamie Mammano and Mark D’Alessandro telling Billy Costa what makes a restaurant stand out above others. http://www.necn.com/06/02/12/Columbus-Hospitality-leaders-talk-about-/landing_tvdiner.html?blockID=718306&feedID=4643, TV Diner starts in just 30 minutes! Tune in at 10:00am to Celebrate Mistral's 15th Anniversary with Lisa Flores, Jamie Mammano, Mark D’Alessandro, and Mitchell Randall., null, null, Celebrating 15 years at Mistral!, Fantastic shot from TV Diner! Make sure to tune in this Saturday at 10:00am and 7:00pm to celebrate Mistral's 15th Anniversary!, Jenny Johnson and Billy Costa at TV Diner are putting the finishing touches on our Mistral's 15th Anniversary segment! Tune in this Saturday at 10:00am and 7:00pm!, May 2012

Greetings!

What an incredible month May has been - we have so much to be grateful for! Helping Hands Monkey Helpers "went viral" for the first time in our history. It all started when Trillium Studios' film, Judy and Sophie's Story, was chosen as a staff pick on Vimeo. It was then posted by Andrew Sullivan on his blog, the Daily Beast, followed by AOL's Paw Nation and then Buzzfeed. The outpouring of support we received was amazing - many people sent in first time donations with personal stories that really touched our hearts. 

Our bi-coastal events on May 19th were fantastic. You will read about the Beverly Hills, CA event below from one of our recipients who attended that evening. Also, we want to extend our gratitude to the Cambridge Symphony Orchestra in Cambridge, MA for including us as a spotlight charity in their Benefit Concert for Disabled Veterans. It was such an amazing concert, and the commissioned piece that they performed was a truly outstanding work of modern music. 

As you all know, we were in the running to win a new Toyota on May 21. Thank you to all who voted and helped to spread the word. Although we did not manage to garner the most votes, we will still receive a $1,000 grant from Toyota. Plus, we made a ton of new friends, so it still feels like a win to us. 

Continuing our Monkeys in a Minute series, we are proud to present "Why Are We Here?". This month, if you are on our mailing list, you may have received our Spring Appeal letter. We wanted to share with you why we believe our mission is so important and hope you will decide to donate and join our team roster.

Sincerely, 
The Team at Helping Hands, Mark D'Alessandro, General Manager of Mistral, gives his thoughts on why he thinks hospitality is an important component of a restaurant’s success. "Behind the Scenes at Boston Restaurants – What it Takes to Create an Excellent Dining Experience." via Boston.com http://www.boston.com/business/blogs/global-business-hub/2012/05/behind_the_scen.html, A sophisticated setting for intimate gatherings. Le Salon du Mistral is available for lunch and dinner events as well as Sunday brunch. For more information on Le Salon du Mistral, please contact Lisa Flores at lflores@mistralbistro.com or by calling 617.867.9300., "Arguably the best restaurant in Boston." - Thank you for the wonderful compliment!! , null, Boston Common display. , Happy Memorial Day! Staying in Boston for the day? Check out these fun events via Boston.com! http://calendar.boston.com/search?swhat=memorial+day&swhen=&swhere=Boston&srad=60&st=event&svt=text&search=true&srss=, 'Like' this status if you are looking forward to the long weekend!!, Mistral's Key Lime S'Mores at the #TopDesserts event!, Like this status if you are excited to see our Executive Pastry Chef Shane at #TopDesserts tonight!!!, What a beautiful day and night for graduation celebrations!  Congratulations to all of the students graduating from Harvard University today!, Good Luck to all the Boston Chefs!!! , Is that the sun we see? The weather is finally starting to feel like summer! Come in for a refreshing Cucumber Caipirinha!, Mistral was named one of the Top 15 Boston Restaurants To Follow on Twitter!! Thank you to all of our supportive followers and fans! http://bostinno.com/2012/05/22/15-boston-restaurants-you-need-to-follow-on-twitter-why/, "Mistral is one of our favorite restaurants in Boston" - What an amazing compliment thank you! , Mistral is honored to be participating in the 20th Anniversary of LifeSavor to benefit Community Servings!!  www.lifesavor.org, Who is excited for #TopDesserts this Thursday? WE ARE! Our Pastry Chef, Shane Gray will be serving keylime smores at Boston Magazine's Top Dessert event on May 24th! http://www.bostonmagazine.com/topdesserts/index.html, TODAY IS THE DAY! Please vote for Helping Hands: Monkey Helpers for the Disabled on www.100carsforgood.com between 9am and 9pm ET. Help them win a new Toyota Sienna! Please sped the word to friends and family and help them get the most votes!, Congratulations to all of the graduates today from Suffolk University, Suffolk University Law School, Brandeis University, New England Conservatory, Tufts University and Boston University!!!, Congratulations to all of the students graduating from Bentley University, Lesley University, and Babson College today!!!, Congratulations to all students from Simmons College and Mass College of Art and Design on graduating today!!, Top Chef is coming to Boston!! , Mistral loved working with the Boston Center for Adult Education! Check out some of their new upcoming classes!! http://myemail.constantcontact.com/News-from-Boston-Center-for-Adult-Education.html?soid=1011172966375&aid=C_cuPW0r_T8, Do you love our Lavender Lemonade? Watch as our Bartender Lauren demonstrates how to recreate it at home! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XKfwpt-btRI, Executive Pastry Chefs Shane Gray from Mistral Restaurant and Charlene Smith from Sorellina Boston are hoping you save room for their dessert on Thursday May 24th! , Our sister property, Tortilleria La Nina, is hard at work filling their morning tortilla and chip orders!! , Winston Flowers sure knows how to impress us! They put together gorgeous flower centerpieces for a 50th birthday party!, We are looking forward to the Summer wedding season! Le Salon du Mistral, Mistral’s private dining room, provides a sophisticated setting for intimate gatherings of sixty seated and up to eighty for a reception. For more details please contact Lisa Flores at 617-867-9300., We hope you enjoyed our Warm Strawberry Rhubarb Tart with Buttermilk Ice Cream for Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer! There are also many other opportunities throughout the year to work with this amazing organization. Check them out here! http://www.bostonbakesforbreastcancer.org/, Happy Mother's Day!! We are looking forward to welcoming family and friends for brunch and dinner!, Congratulations to all of the students graduating this weekend from Emmanuel College, Fisher College, Emmanuel College, UMass Amherst, and Berklee College of Music!, Graduation season is here! Congratulations to all of the graduates and we look forward to celebrating with your friends and family!, Treat yourself to one of our popular signature cocktails at Mistral, the Clouseau: Belvedere Pink Grapefruit, Lillet Blanc, St. Germain, Fresh Pink Grapefruit!, Cheers to our wonderful staff! Hope to see you back soon! , 50th Birthday Celebration in Le Salon. Photo courtesy of Gil Gomes Photography www.ggomes.com, Don't forget to purchase your tickets for Boston Magazine's #TopDesserts! Columbus Hospitality Group Executive Pastry Chefs Shane Gray from Mistral and Charlene Smith from Sorellina will be showcasing some new treats! http://www.bostonmagazine.com/topdesserts/index.html, Have you made your reservations for dinner tonight? Our reservationists are waiting for your call! 617-867-9300!, Let us mix you a Mistral Bloody Mary this morning!, Herb party favors for an event tonight! Winston Flowers is amazing!!, We will be shooting a new cocktail video later today with our bartender Lauren!! What's your favorite cocktail at Mistral?, "Black bass, pasta, steak, tenderloin" - All amazing choices!! Can't wait to see you back soon! , Gorgeous photos from a Winter Wedding at Mistral! http://www.arsmagnastudio.com/2012/03/winter-wedding-boston-mistral/, Shane Gray, Executive Chef at Mistral and Charlene Smith, Executive Pastry Chef at Sorellina will be at Boston Magazine's Top Desserts Event on Thursday, May 24th, 2012 at the Mandarin Oriental, Boston., It's a little chilly out there today! Come warm up with our Warm Amaretti Bread Pudding with Cherry Gelato & Morello Cherry Sauce., Mistral and the Columbus Hospitality Group will be particpating in Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer from May 7th-13th. We will be serving our Warm Strawberry Rhubarb Tart with Buttermilk Ice Cream!, David Borsman, Beverage Director at Mistral, was just featured on TV Diner: Drink This! Click here to watch him make the Chantilly Race cocktail! , What a wonderful review! Happy belated birthday! , Soft Shell Crab Special Tonite! You can get it as an appetizer or entree. Comes with avocado salad, tiny tomato vinaigrette, cilantro & lime....., null, Gorgeous pink cupcakes our Executive Pastry Chef Shane made for a bridal shower!, null, Custom table displays for your event. Le Salon du Mistral is available for lunch and dinner events as well as Sunday brunch. For inquires please contact Lisa Flores at 617-867-9300., Photos from a beautiful wedding in the Le Salon Du Mistral via Leah Haydock Photography. http://leahhaydock.blogspot.com/2011/02/mistral-restaurant-boston-wedding.html, Mistral and the restaurants of the Columbus Hospitality Group are looking forward to attending the Greater Boston Concierge Association Trade Show tonight! http://www.gbcaonline.com/, Brunch is served! Come visit us from 10:30am-2:00pm for some warm cinnamon buns, grilled 14oz grilled prime sirloin "steak & eggs," or classic eggs benedict!, Cambridge Savings Bank is giving away a $100 gift card to Mistral on Twitter next week! To enter, follow @csbinspired and @MistralBoston on Twitter: 
www.twitter.com/csbinspired and retweet any message about Mistral. Good luck!, King Mitch, King Salmon!, We appreciate your business for the past 10 years! Here's to many more!! http://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowUserReviews-g60745-d321911-r126749079-Mistral-Boston_Massachusetts.html#CHECK_RATES_CONT, Michelle Strand, reservations manager and the general managers of Columbus Hospitality Group are looking forward to networking with concierges at the Greater Boston Concierge Association Trade Show on Monday April 23rd!, Have you met these lovely ladies? They run the front of the house at Mistral. From left Kim, host; Colby Price, Assistant General Manager; Lauren, host., Good luck to all of the participants in the Boston Marathon today! Have a safe and fun day!, Sending along these great compliments of the creme brulee to our Pastry Chef Shane. , Thank you to Elizabeth from the Portland Daily Sun for mentioning Mistral in her article "Boston: a Moveable Feast." http://portlanddailysun.me/news/story/boston-moveable-feast, Boston Red Sox Opening Day is one of our favorite sports holiday of the year! We are celebrating with an all American classic - Prime Sirloin Burger with Aged Gruyere, Applewood Smoked Bacon and Frites!, Morels!, Our sister restaurant Teatro is having a Harpoon Brewery dinner on April 18th. Taste craft beers with pairings from their Executive Chef! For reservations please contact Teatro at 617.542.6418., Le Salon Du Mistral provides the ultimate private dining experience. Whether it is a high profile corporate dinner, special family occasion or wedding reception, we will assist in every aspect of your event to ensure a stress-free, memorable experience., null, Tonite's Dessert Special: Mint Chocolate Chip Semi Freddo, Wintergreen Syrup, Local Ramps harvested in the Berkshires. Used in our ricotta tortellini and chilled English pea soup!, Come back soon. Cheers to Dawn for a fantastic job! , Mistral's featured Spring cocktail - Cucumber Caipirinha. Beija Cachaca, Fresh Cucumber & Lime., Happy Easter to all of our fans and guests who celebrate!!, Take your Easter celebration to Mistral with our Roast Rack of Colorado Lamb. Gratin Dauphinoise Potatoes, Roasted Carrots & Haricots Verts, New Addition to Menu Today: Chilled English Pea Soup with Parmesan Flan & Chive Blossom, null, Graduation season is quickly approaching. Celebrate with family and friends in Mistral's Le Salon. For inquires please contact Lisa Flores at 617-867-9300. http://mistralbistro.com/#/the-salon/, Just in - Only 1 seat left in Provencal Pairings with Chef Jason Maynard and Mixologist & Beverage Director, Dave Borsman from Mistral!! http://bcae.org/index.cfm?method=ClassInfo.ClassInformation&int_class_id=7733&int_category_id=0&int_sub_category_id=0&int_catalog_id=0, Fresh fish is delivered and cut by our Executive Chef Mitch everyday for our guests., null, Sounds like a great night! , Preparation for our new appetizer, Ricotta Tortellini with English Peas, Ramps & Chive Blossoms. Light and refreshing for the Spring time!, "The private dining room at Mistral is perfect for a small wedding reception, it's romantic and atmospheric and the flowers from Winston Flowers complimented the set up perfectly." http://leahhaydock.blogspot.com/2011/02/mistral-restaurant-boston-wedding.html, Space is limited, so don't wait to get your tickets to learn from some of the best in the city! Chef Jason Maynard and Mixologist & Beverage Director, Dave Borsman from Mistral will be teaching at Provencal Pairings Boston Center for Adult Education! http://bcae.org/index.cfm?method=ClassInfo.ClassInformation&int_class_id=7733&int_category_id=0&int_sub_category_id=0&int_catalog_id=0, Thanks for choosing us during Restaurant Week!! , null, Thank you to Winstons for the beautiful flowers for our table at the 5th Annual Executive Networking night sponsored by Boston Spirit Magazine., Mistral's weekly featured Spring cocktail - King’s Cup: Bulleit Bourbon, King’s Ginger, Fresh Lemon, Bitters & Homemade Claret Syrup., Wonderful brunch review by Daisy via Indulge Inspire Imbibe Blog. Gorgeous photos that are sure to make your mouth water! , Mistral's Le Salon Du Mistral is the perfect, sophisticated setting to host a wedding. From flowers to your wedding cake - we emphasize simplicity in planning with strict attention to detail and elegance. http://www.stylemepretty.com/massachusetts-weddings/2012/03/07/boston-wedding-by-leah-haydock-photography-winston-flowers/, Chef Jason Maynard and Mixologist & Beverage Director, Dave Borsman will be teaching at Provencal Pairings Boston Center for Adult Education! Get your tickets today!  http://bcae.org/index.cfm?method=ClassInfo.ClassInformation&int_class_id=7733&int_category_id=0&int_sub_category_id=0&int_catalog_id=0, null, Where to Eat for Restaurant Week via Boston Magazine. Mistral: For his RW menu, chef Jamie Mammano offers appetizers like black truffle aioli-topped beef sirloin carpaccio and Caesar salad. Mains include...... http://blogs.bostonmagazine.com/chowder/2012/03/19/where-to-eat-for-restaurant-week/, Homemade syrups at Mistral! Get excited for the launch of our new Spring cocktails tonight!, Thank you to all our supportive Fans and Followers! Suggest us to family and friends!, "Overall Mistral was outstanding. It deserves all of the praise it gets. The service and food were both outstanding. I feel lucky that we were able to eat like queens and not break the bank." Thank you to Food Friends 'N Fun for a fantastic review!!! http://www.foodfriendsnfun.com/2012/03/mistral-you-made-my-heart-sing-and.html, A favorite at Mistral-Thin Crust Pizza-Tomato, Mozzarella & Oregano  http://pinterest.com/pin/4433299603249275/                                                                                                                           , Cheers to a Happy St. Patrick's Day from our family at Mistral!, Welcome to the Columbus Hospitality YouTube Channel. http://www.youtube.com/user/ColumbusHospitality7?ob=0&feature=results_main, We look forward to your return! , Mistral is open for dinner service this evening!, If you are "In and Around Town" you should read this blog post! http://inandaroundtown.blogspot.com/2012/03/mistral-reliably-delicious-fine-dining.html?spref=tw, The weather man predicts 60s and 70s this week! Just in time for our new Spring cocktails. Pictures and details to follow., Follow us on twitter: https://twitter.com/#!/MistralBoston, Thanks for the blog post Heather! We think Boston should be renamed the windy city. , Tonite's Fluke Special is: Fluke Crudo with Saffron Aioli,  Winter Citrus & Fennel, Local Fluke for Tonite's Special, Green gage plums for tonite's dessert special!!!, Mistral welcomes you for Restaurant Week March 2012. Follow the link for our complete menu! http://mistralbistro.com/#/mistral-restaurant-week/, Tasty Food in Gorgeous Space! , Meyer Lemons for our Meyer Lemon Meringue Tart with Blood Orange Sauce, null, Mistral is looking forward to the Taste of the South End tomorrow! Who else is going? Don't forget to share and tweet your favorite photos from the event., Wonderful review on OpenTable! , null, null, An integral part of Mistral-Mark D'Alessandro has been working here for 15 years and Lisa Flores has been with us almost 11 years!, Come see us for dinner and try one of these: Truffled Prime Sirloin Tartare, Pickled Winter Vegetables, Soft Poached Quail Egg, Brioche Pullman, Many thanks to the Four Horsemen that came in on Saturday nite to try our duck dish! They wrote a great piece! http://www.fourhorsemeneat.com/#!__food/mistral, Thanks for writing a review! The duck and wild mushroom risotto dish is one of our favorites too! , Mistral will be participating in Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer from May 7th - May 13th! Such an amazing cause! , And here it is--Grilled King Salmon with Pancetta, Parsley Root, Vidalia Onions, English Peas & Chervil Beurre Monté!!!!, King Salmon is coming on the menu tonite...stay tuned!, null, We can't wait to see the photos taken by Scene Magazine! , Green Watercress, Aged Balsamic, Gorgonzola Dolce & Spiced Pecans--Tonite's Special!, The Four Horsemen Eat stopped by Mistral saturday night! , Roasted “Whole” Market Fish with Yukon Potatoes, Lump Crab & Spicy Ginger Lime Broth...DELISH!!!, First of the season green garlic!!, Mistral Restaurant will be participating in the Taste of the South End 2012 on Tuesday, March 6th. Hope to see you there!, A pastry video is coming your way! Can you guess which dessert we are making?, Follow us on Pinterest!! http://pinterest.com/mistralboston, New Beer added to our list: The famous Brooklyn Black Chocolate Stout, an award-winning rendition of the Imperial Stout style, once made exclusively for Catherine the Great., Many thanks to the Baron family for sending us a pic from their brunch private event here on Sunday!We hope Mr. Baron had a wonderful birthday!, Braised Lamb “Osso Bucco” with Goats Cheese Polenta, Cured Tomatoes, Green Olive & Gremolata...is becoming one of the favorites at Mistral, A little dessert special for Valentine's Day...Devil's Food Cake with Cherry Short Cake Gelato & House Made Cotton Candy, Happy Valentine's Day!!! We hope to see you tonite for dinner, but in case you can't make it in, come see us tomorrow!!!, Delish! New dessert menu addition: Warm Amaretti Bread Pudding, Coconut Gelato & Butterscotch Sauce http://t.co/ck1hTURF, The Improper Bostonian Magazine Innovators Issue is on streets now!, We love our Facebook Fans! Check out our new Welcome page on the left!, Assiette of Beets, Goat Cheese, Bood Orange & Citrus Vinaigrette...Appetizer Special!, The beginning of our homemade pineapple sorbet!!!, Le Salon du Mistral is available for intimate events such as wedding receptions and ceremonies, anniversary and birthday dinners and graduation celebrations. Please contact Lisa Flores at lflores@mistralbistro.com or (617)867-9300., Happy Chocolate Day! We are celebrating with our warm chocolate torte, homemade vanilla ice cream and sauce anglaise. Doesn't that sound sweet?, A pastry video with our Pastry Chef Shane is coming soon...get excited! http://mistralbistro.com/our-team/#/our-team/shane-gray/, We asked what your favorite thin crust pizza was at Mistral and the winner is....the Beef Tenderloin with Mashed Potato & White Truffle Oil! Thanks for voting., Check out the Columbus Hospitality Group on Google+https://plus.google.com/118376826146135443160, Is Mistral your favorite date night spot? Date Night at Mistral. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4Of--ehEIg&context=C3e68b3bADOEgsToPDskJwMUNUQzqNZdgGBmt8kUIx, Our Chef's in the kitchen want to know what's your favorite Thin Crust Pizza at Mistral?, Great example of what we do in Le Salon Du Mistral. Chef Mitch is always creating new delicious passed hors d’oevures for your private events like this Hamachi Crudo with Aioli, Cocktail Grapefruit and Cilantro. For more information please contact Lisa Flores at 617.867.9300., Get your copy now!, Perfect spot for a Dinner Date at Mistral Restaurant., A big thanks to everyone who supports us throughout the year! , Great shot from last night's event!, Great event last night in Le Salon Du Mistral, thank you to everyone who attended. Stay tuned for pictures!, Check out our sister restaurant L'andana's new business page!!, Congratulations to the AFC Champion New England Patriots!, The Pom Royale from our cocktail list is becoming a fan favorite! Cheers to the weekend., Find out why the seafood at Mistral is so fresh. Watch the video!
, Perfect spot for a Birthday Brunch!!, A sophisticated setting for intimate gatherings. http://mistralbistro.com/the-salon/, General Manager Mark D'Alessandro discusses the importance of consist restaurant service. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lBiDGnHonqA&feature=related , We love to help you celebrate your special occasions! , Start your week off right with dinner at Mistral. Dinner starts at 5:30pm., Endless possibilities for brunch at Mistral..http://mistralbistro.com/brunch-menu/, What better way to end the work week than with a glass of wine and our Beef Tenderloin Thin Crust Pizza at the bar? Topped with Fontina Cheese and Caramelized Onions!, Thank you to Boston Business Journal for naming Mistral Restaurant and Sorellina Boston one of the Area's Most Popular Restaurants of 2011!, null, Toast to the New Year with our Pom Royale cocktail! Hennessey VSOP, Valdo Prosecco, and House-made Pomegranate Syrup. See you at dinner., We've got a New Year's Resolution for you...Try brunch at Mistral! Mistral will be open on New Years Day for brunch from 10:30am-3:00pm., We will be extending our hours for New Years Day Brunch (10:30am-3:00pm). Perfect way to start your day!, Thanks for the great reviews! , We love our Holiday cocktails crafted by our mixologist! Grateful Daiquiri: Privateer American Rum, House-made Local Cranberry Syrup, Fresh Lime., Merry Christmas from our family at Mistral!, We've got your last minute gifts for everyone on your list, A delicious winter classic: Steamed Black Mussels with Smoked Tomato Marinière, Grilled Semolina Toasts., Bouche de Noel! a little holiday dessert special..mini mushrooms and tiny candy canes!, Subscribe to the Columbus Hospitality Group Youtube Channel to see videos of your favorite cocktails, entrée and desserts. http://www.youtube.com/user/ColumbusHospitalityG?feature=watch, New winter cocktail from our mixologist Pom Royale: Hennessey VSOP, Valdo Prosecco, and House-made Pomegranate Syrup., Enjoy some complimentary ginger snaps and hot cider when you come into Mistral to purchase a Columbus Hospitality Gift Card. Happy Holidays!, Cocktail videos coming your way! Meeting with our mixologist this week to show all our fans how we make our signature cocktails., Celebrate the New Year with brunch at Mistral. Classic fine herb & whipped ricotta omelette, warm cinnamon buns, or classic eggs benedict, smoked pork loin and hollandaise...your reservation is waiting!, Your reservation is waiting...Grilled Tenderloin of Beef, Bordelaise Style, Olive Oil Roasted Asparagus & Horseradish Whipped Potato, You've never experienced brunch like this before...Jumbo Lump Crab & Chive Omelette, Vermont Butter, Sea Salt, Chefs in the kitchen preparing the sushi grade tuna tartare for tonight. Served with crispy wontons, ginger & soy., Chef just added a new appetizer to the menu...Braised Shortrib & Foie Gras Tortellini with Locally Foraged Oyster Mushrooms & Port Wine Demi!!!, Looking to host a private event in the Back Bay/South End? Mistral Boston's private room holds up to 60 people for a seated dinner and 80 for a reception! Please contact Lisa Flores at 617.867.9300..., Check out some of our new reviews on OpenTable!, Mistral was named one of the 5 Best Mediterranean Restaurants in the Boston Area http://www.zagat.com/buzz/5-best-mediterranean-restaurants-in-the-boston-area?zagatbuzzid=nov11week5&utm_source=buzz&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=buzz20111130, Purchase $500 worth of CHG gift cards, and receive a 100 dollar bonus card to treat yourself. *This has to be purchased on site and is not available on line., Congratulations to Chef Mammano for being inducted into the Massachusetts Hospitality Hall of Fall. Picture via MA Restaurant Association., Don't forget to purchase your Columbus Hospitality Gift Card for friends and family this holiday! http://www.columbushospitalitygroup.com/, Sunday Brunch..., null, Perfect way to end the holiday weekend., Don't miss your chance to follow your favorite Chef. https://twitter.com/#!/Chef_Mammano, Happy Thanksgiving from our family at Mistral!, Safe travels today and tomorrow for those of our fans who are traveling to be with their families., https://twitter.com/#!/Chef_Mammano Follow your favorite Chef on twitter. Chef Jamie Mammano! , Mistral will be closed on Thanksgiving Day, but our sister restaurants Mooo and L'Andana will be open, check them out!!, http://www.elmundoboston.com/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=2100%3Achelsea-is-home-to-only-authentic-tortilla-bakery-in-new-england&catid=13%3Aeventos&Itemid=1 Great article on Jamie's new Tortilla Bakery!!, Many congrats to Linda Matzkin from Hopple Popple, we love her and this award is well deserved!!!!
, Grab brunch with family and friends at Mistral this morning. We are craving some of the warm cinnamon buns!, Holy moly! Chef Mitchell Randall did it again....our newest menu addition...Braised Lamb Shank with Goats Cheese Polenta, Cured Tomatoes, Artichokes, Green Olive & Gremolata, null, Mistral will be featuring the Gala Affair Cocktail for AIDS Awareness....this is a great promotion that Belvedere Vodka and (Red) have created to fight HIV/AIDS in Africa..., Book your Holiday Luncheon or Dinner at MISTRAL http://conta.cc/vyOcKf, Warm up this Fall with Mistral's Steamed Black Mussels, Smoked Tomato Marinière, and Grilled Semolina Toast., It's a perfect night to try one of Mistral's signature dishes. Dover Sole Meunière with Lemon & Capers, Sauté of Spinach & Onions, and Fingerling Potatoes., null, null, Le Salon du Mistral, Mistral Boston's private dining room, still has dates available for your holiday luncheon or dinner party!! Please contact Lisa Flores at 617.867.9300 or at lflores@mistralbistro.com, Want to learn more about your favorite restaurants from the Columbus Hospitality Group? Join our Mailing list by clicking on our "Join My List" Application on our Facebook page and entering your email!, Hope everyone has a Happy Halloween!!, null, Our sister restaurants have Facebook pages too! Check out the new and improved business pages for Mooo Restaurant and Sorellina!!!, Looking to make a reservation? Try our new OpenTable application on our Facebook page!, Mistral's French Toast Sunday Brunch, every Sunday from 10:30am to 2:00pm: Check out our Jumbo Lump Crab & Chive Omelette, Vermont Butter, Sea Salt, Menu items are subject to change. Please check with us for the most current menu! www.MistralBistro.com)