List(The sun is shining, you've made it to Thursday and our patio is OPEN!! Don't forget...it's #30centwings tonight!, It's #humpday everyone and that means tonight is #trivianight!! ...rumor has it we might reach 60 today and our #patio will be open!!, It's still not too late to make your Easter Sunday reservations with us! Brunch specials will be available until 3pm!, Happy Good Friday!! Our chef has prepared talapia picatta tonight and it is OUTSTANDING! We will be showing all NCAA sweet 16 games tonight as well as MLB pre-season games!, #30centwingnight is back tonight!! Boneless or bone-in and you can pick from a variety of house sauces!, Don't forget to make your reservations for Easter brunch!!, How is your bracket holding up?

#MarchMadness is on at Orleans!  We've got all the games, plenty of seating at the bar, rotating draught beers and a great menu to snack on!, HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY EVERYONE!! Come down and check out our Chef's specials. They will be available all day and night...or until we run out!! We will be showing all NCAA games today and every day through March madness!, Tonight is #trivianight at Orleans!! The fun starts at 8pm, you can come with teams of up to eight and best of all...it's FREE to play!! PLUS we have Curry Fries, Traditional Boiled Dinner, Corned Beef Sandwich and Irish BLT all available starting TONIGHT to kick off your St. Patrick's Day celebration!!, No rain yet today...and the patio and windows are open!! Come join us for lunch and check out our $10 burger specials and $4 Corona Light pints. Perfect for your Thursday lunch!, What are you doing for lunch today?

Today we are opening our patio for the season.
Come grab some lunch and enjoy the beautiful weather.

Here are the Champions League matches we will be showing inside!
Zenit vs. Benfica at 12:00pm
Chelsea vs. Paris at 2:45pm., null, It's #trivianight here at Orleans!! Come early to get your seat...and yes, our PATIO IS OPEN! Come enjoy the warm weather and eat outside!!, Check out our specials we will be serving up for St. Patrick's! We will have them available March 16th-19th., March is $10 burger month at Orleans and they are all DELICIOUS!! Wash one down with a Corona Light...pints are $4 for the whole month!, null, Happy Thursday everyone! What better way to celebrate than with #30centwings and and ice cold beer?!? Come down and join us for some Thursday night fun!, null, Come join us tonight for our very own #oscarparty. You can catch the Oscars live at Orleans, we will be showing the entire event here with volume! Who do you think will walk away the biggest winner??, We are serving brunch until 3pm!! The specials look GREAT...including a BLT-tini and blood orange mimosas that you cannot go wrong with! Jumbo cinnamon roll, chicken and waffles and steak & eggs! Bruins vs Tampa Bay tonight @ 6:30pm...come on down!!, Come join us tomorrow night for our very own #oscarparty. You can catch the Oscars live at Orleans, we will be showing the entire event here with volume! Who do you think will walk away the biggest winner??, Saturday means it's #karaokenight at Orleans!! Come sing your heart out and try our Chef's specials tonight!! The fun starts at 10pm and the specials will be running all night...or until we run out! The kettle Chip Crusted Cod is out of this world., We are serving brunch until 3pm!! The specials look GREAT...including a BLT-tini that you cannot go wrong with! Jumbo cinnamon roll, chicken and waffles and steak & eggs! We will be showing all NCAA hoop and NHL games today...and don't forget the Celts play @ 3pm!!, #UEFA #SOMERVILLE #DavisSq The stakes are high, who are you supporting?

There are two Champions League matches today and we will be showing both:
* PSV vs. Atletico de Madrid
* Dynamo Kyiv vs. Manchester City

Both matches are set to kick off at 2:30pm.

Whether it be  a late lunch or an early cocktail, you will catch all the action here., Tonight is #trivianight at Orleans!! The fun starts at 8pm, you can come with teams of up to eight and best of all...it's FREE to play!! To top this off Maine Beer Co. LUNCH is on tap, come get it while it lasts!, It's neighborhood night here at Orleans. Come in and show your Somerville ID and receive a free appetizer when you order a meal off the menu. Maybe try the blackened shrimp tacos, sirloin tacos, orleans mussels or cajun chicken quesadilla that are all on special tonight!!, Dinner specials are looking pretty good this weekend, stop by for one of our three seafood options! ...and we have Maine Beer Co. LUNCH on tap!!

Orlean’s Mussels
lobster meat, fresh tomato and basil, garlic wine sauce with fresh baked crostini

Seafood Risotto
scallops, shrimp, lobster, sweet peas and asparagus in a parmesan cream sauce

Blackened Salmon
served with roasted fingerling potatoes, grilled asparagus and lemon au jus, Blood orange mimosas...you can't go wrong...get them while they last this weekend!, We serve brunch every weekend...all weekend!! Brunch starts at 10am on Saturdays and 9am on Sundays!! Check out our brunch specials for this weekend...

Jumbo Cinnamon Roll
served warm with vanilla icing

Healthy Start
bowl of vanilla yogurt, granola, berries, local honey

Chicken, Bacon & Waffles
buttermilk fried chicken, applewood smoked bacon and honey hot fried chicken with a side of local maple syrup

Benedict Two Ways
lobster and beef tenderloin with our house hollandaise sauce, It's back...we have Maine Beer Co. LUNCH on tap!! AND...#30centwings start at 4pm today folks! How could your Thursday get any better?!, It's #trivianight tonight! Come on down and enjoy our Chef's mac 'n cheese specials tonight. It's free to play, teams of up to eight and there's still a $500 jackpot to be claimed!!, These specials are looking AMAZING!! Come in out of the cold and grab brunch with us...here are two of the dinner specials that were so popular last night!, Valentine's specials start tonight!! These are looking truly DELICIOUS!, Happy Thursday everyone, that means #30centwings tonight! Boneless or bone-in and you can pick from a variety of house sauces! #guinness will be here tonight to promote their new Nitro IPA. You don't want to miss out!, Happy Thursday everyone, that means #30centwings tonight! Boneless or bone-in and you can pick from a variety of house sauces! #guinness will be here tonight to promote their new Nitro IPA. You don't want to miss out!, Tonight is #trivianight...the fun starts at 8pm. It's FREE to play and teams can be up to eight people. The jackpot is still at $500 and we're looking for a winner!, Happy Mardi Gras everyone! Come join us tonight for some special Mardi Gras bites!

Fried Okra
served with spicy remoulade sauce

Fried Fish Po’ Boy
lettuce, tomato, onion and a spicy creole remoulade on a fresh baguette

Orleans Gumbo
chicken, andouille sausage, peppers, onions, okra, celery and rice, Valentine's Day is coming up quick. We will be running both brunch and dinner specials for the whole weekend...be sure not to miss out!!, Hey guys, Superbowl will be playing at Orleans this evening so make plans to come join us for some great company, great food and drinks of course!! Don't be late and grab yourself a front row seat, cheers!, Here are two new items on our menu...Guinness Short Rib Stew and Spicy Queso Dip. You can't go wrong with either!!, HAPPY SATURDAY !

Hi Folks. C'mon down and join us for Brunch til 3 today, Our Bloody Mary Bar is open. We have a new Brunch Menu and are also running 2 Specials . Chicken, Bacon and Waffles and Benedict Two Ways ( crab cake and Tenderloin). Catch EVERY English Premier League Match ALL Season Long, as well as Every NHL and NCAA Hoops Game today. The Bruins are in action @ 7 v. Buffalo , and last, but not least, KARAOKE !!!!!!
Starts @ 10. Don't be late !, We have some new items on our menu starting tonight! Come in out of the snow and try our...Short Rib & Guinness Stew, Fiesta Pizza, Blackened Talapia Tacos, Spicy Queso Dip or our Chef's famous Buffalo Mac 'n Cheese., #30centwingnight TONIGHT!! Boneless or bone-in and pick from a variety of house sauces! #guinness will be here tonight to promote their new Nitro IPA. You don't want to miss out!, It's #trivianight tonight!! The fun starts at 8pm, teams of up to eight and it's free to play! There's a $500 jackpot still to be claimed!, Happy Saturday !

C'mon down and Enjoy a Bloody Mary from our Bloody Mary Bar. We are offering 2 specials for Brunch, which is served til 3. Chicken , Bacon, and Waffles, and a Breakfast Quesadilla (black beans, pepper jack cheese, scrambled egg and chorizo),  Catch Every NCAA Hoop game all day . Tonight, KARAOKE !!!!!!! start's @ 10., Specials are looking outstanding this weekend! Come down and check them out. As always, DJ starts at 9:30 tonight and karaoke starts at 10pm Saturday night!, Lunch is on on tap and on the menu for lunch today...come get it while it lasts!, HAPPY SATURDAY !

C'mon down and join us for Brunch til 3, Try our Delicious Chicken and Waffle Special. Goes great with a Bloody Mary from our Bloody Mary Bar. Catch Every English Premier League Match this morning starting @ 10. We will also be showing Every NHL and NCAA Hoops game ALL Season Long, And tonight, KARAOKE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   Start's @ 10. Talent scout's will be on Location., Here's what's to come this weekend...make sure to check out our $12 game day burgers on Sunday. The smash burger is BACK accompanied by a buffalo burger and blackened burger. These burger specials will be available all day and night Sunday so come down and join us for the Pats playoff @ 3pm and don't miss out!, Happy Friday everyone! Tonight music will be starting at 9pm and we've got some great specials for you to try! 

Truffle Parmesan Fried Gnocchi
with garlic aioli dipping sauce

Ragu Bolognese
pork, beef, veal, onions, celery, carrots, cooked in tomato sauce, topped with parmesan cheese over dave’s fresh pasta pappardelle

Seafood Risotto
scallops, shrimp, swordfish, sweet peas and spinach in a garlic wine sauce, WINGS WINGS WINGS TONIGHT! #30centwings tonight until we run out. Boneless or bone-in and pick from a variety of house sauces! Maine Beer Company's LUNCH, now on draft!, With a cold night like tonight there is one way to warm up...#macncheese!! Come join us for trivia tonight and check out our Chef's mac 'n cheese specials. You can't go wrong!, Don't forget #trivianight tomorrow... the fun starts at 8pm, teams of up to eight and it's free to play! There is a $500 jackpot and Corona will be here handing out free samples and garb!, $1 oysters tonight until the kitchen closes...or we run out!, What a Saturday folks !

Raining ? Who cares . We have a roof. C'mon down for Brunch til 3. Try a Bloody Mary from our Bloody Mary Bar. We have 2 Brunch specials today, Buttermilk Chicken & Waffles and a Surf & turf Benedict. Get here early ! Pats @ 4 and we will fill up. We will also be showing Every English Premier League Match today as well as afternoon NHL and NCAA Hoops. Green Bay v. Arizona tonight followed by KARAOKE !  BRADY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, Here's a sneak peak for what our chef has to come this weekend...

Vegetable Stuffed Rollitos - pounded flank steak, seasoned and stuffed with peppers, green beans, carrots and asparagus, drizzled with brandy peppercorn sauce and served with garlic mashed potatoes

And for brunch...
Buttermilk Fried Chicken and Waffles - semi boneless half chicken tossed in sriracha butter with a side of local maple syrup, #30centwings tonight! You can choose boneless or bone-in and pick from a variety of house sauces! DOWNEAST CIDER will be here sampling their Winter Blend and giving out some great gear! Don't miss out!!, Come in out of the cold and join us for #trivia and #macncheese. Our chef has prepared some great mac 'n cheese specials for this blustery night including buffalo mac 'n cheese, crab mac 'n cheese and sweet corn mac 'n cheese. #trivia starts at 8pm, it's free to play and teams can be up to eight!, #ncaa #nationalchampionship tonight at 8:30 PM! Be sure to stop in to watch the game, and enjoy some complimentary snacks at half time, as well as $1 oysters available all night! Who do you think is going to win - Alabama or Clemson? Comment below, and add your input!, HAPPY SATURDAY !!!

Brunch til 3. CHICKEN & WAFFLES ? BLOODY MARY BAR ? 
What are you waiting for ? We are also featuring a "BURRITO RANCHERO" special (egg,rice,black beans,cheddar cheese, and salsa roja wrapped in a flour tortilla). Catch ALL the afternoon NHL and College Hoops. The Bruins take on Ottowa @ 7, The NFL PLAYOFFS kick off @ 4. Houston v. Kansas City followed by Pittsburgh v. Cincinatti. And last, but not least, tonight's Headliner. YOU !!!!!!  KARAOKE !!!! starts @ 10., Chef's special are looking tasty tonight!! 

Spicy Garlic Shrimp
EVOO, roasted garlic, red pepper flakes and served with crostini

Hawaiian Burger
7 oz beef patty topped with grilled pineapple, smoked ham and mango habanero sauce

Pan Seared Sesame Tuna
served on top of warm asian vegetables and lo mein noodles tossed in a spicy hoisin sauce, and drizzled with wasabi aioli, This weekend #brunch at Orleans will be featuring our chef's very own take on a classic southern dish #chickenandwaffles! Try his boneless buttermilk fries chicken dipped in our very own honey hot sauce with local maple syrup. We will be serving brunch Saturday 10am-3pm and Sunday 9am-3pm., Come in and fight the cold with some spicy wings!! Tonight is #30centwingnight ...you can choose boneless or bone-in and pick from a variety of house sauces! Wash these down with Maine Beer Company's King Titus Porter, now on draft!, It's #trivianight!! The fun starts at 8pm, teams of up to 8, $500 jackpot and it's free to play!, It's Monday...so that means $1 oysters go until we run out or the kitchen closes...whichever happens first!! We have some delicious specials as well tonight, come in out of the cold and try some!

Seafood Cakes
scallops, shrimp and crab meat with chipotle aioli drizzle

Shrimp & Swordfish Kabobs
served with rice pilaf, asparagus and topped with pineapple salsa

Grilled Sirloin Sandwich
lettuce, tomato, onions and avocado with chipotle aioli on a french baguette, HAPPY NFL SUNDAY !

Hi Folks. C'mon down and enjoy a Bloody Mary from our Famous  Bloody Mary Bar. Brunch is served til 3. We have two specials today, Benedict three ways ( beef tenderloin,crab,butter poached lobster drizzled w/ hollandaise, on an English muffin w/home fries), and Chicken Piccata. Catch EVERY NFL game here including the PATS v. DOLPHINS @ 1. Also catch every NHL and NBA game here ALL SEASON LONG !!, Happy New Year everyone! We will be serving brunch until 3pm today. Come check out our New Year's Day brunch specials!! Winter Classic starts at 1pm...the Bruins take on the Canadiens!

Chicken & Waffles
boneless buttermilk fried chicken, honey hot sauce and local maple syrup

Benedict Three Ways
beef tenderloin, crab, butter poached lobster with the house hollandaise, on an english muffin and served with a side of home fries

PLUS...shrimp bloody marys, an antipasto bloody mary and Wellfleet oyster shooters are all available today until we run out!, Come down and join us for New Year's Eve! Our full menu is available along with our #featuredmenu...check out the options!

DJ starts @9:30pm, $10 cover after 9pm and complimentary champagne toast at midnight!

Don't forget...brunch starts tomorrow @10:30am complete with bloody mary specials and oyster shooters! Can't wait to see you!, Come celebrate the New Year with Orleans! We will be featuring some amazing food items as well as champagne cocktails...make sure to try our Angry Cranberry Fizz or our Seelbach Bourbon Sparkler this New Year's Eve! Don't forget to book your reservations now!, Come on in out of the cold and check out our specials tonight!

Blackened Grilled Flat Iron Steak
served with a house salad and a side of mac ‘n cheese

Grilled Tilapia
served with rice pilaf, sautéed vegetables and topped with black bean and avocado salsa

Ring in the New Year with Orleans! It's not too late to make reservations for New Year's Eve!, Happy Sunday everyone!! We are serving brunch until 3pm. Our build your own bloody mary bar is OPEN. Pats vs. Jets @ 1pm!! Come on down and join us!, Don't miss karaoke tonight! The fun starts at 10pm and goes until we close! We have some delicious specials tonight as well...

Blackened Fish Tacos
blackened tilapia in a flour tortilla with a side of rice, beans, pico de gallo, sour cream and guacamole

North Carolina Pulled Pork Sandwich
house pulled pork, onion rings and creamy slaw on a portuguese sweet roll, null, Join us for New Year's Day Brunch! 

Chicken & Waffles - boneless buttermilk fried chicken, honey hot sauce & local maple syrup

Benedict Three Way - beef tenderloin, crab, butter poached lobster, hollandaise on an english muffin with home fries

PLUS...oyster shooters, shrimp skewer and antipasto bloody marys!, It's not too late...don't forget to reseverve your spot with us for New Year's Eve!, Monday night #paintnite at Orleans! For more information you can check out www.paintnite.com for details!, HAPPY SATURDAY !

Come on down and join us for Brunch til 3. Our Famous Bloody Mary Bar is open.  We are also running some Brunch specials including CHICKEN & WAFFLES , MMMMMHHHH!!!!  The College Football Bowl season kicks off this afternoon. We will also be showing EVERY  English Premier League match and NHL game All Season Long. That, of course all leads into tonight's Headliner here. YOU !! KARAOKE !!!!!!!!!!! Starts @ 10. Don't be late for you're Gig !, Come on down and check out our specials tonight!

Grilled Swordfish
fresh atlantic swordfish, sauteed mediterranean vegetables, rice pilaf

Lamb Ossobuco
braised lamb shank, red wine demi, winter vegetables, horseradish mashed potato & gremolata, #30centwings every Thursday! You can pick either boneless or bone-in and your choice of sauce; sriracha, bourbon molasses, NOLA dry rub, sweet chili and honey hot. Come down and get them before we run out!!, Our chef has done it again...check out our delicious mac 'n cheese specials tonight!

buffalo mac ‘n cheese
crispy buffalo tenders with shell pasta in our homemade cheese sauce

bacon & jalapeno mac ‘n cheese
with elbow pasta and our homemade cheese sauce

veggie mac ‘n cheese
broccoli, mushrooms, spinach and three cheese tortellini in our homemade cheese sauce

Don't forget it's #trivianight ... the fun starts at 8pm and it's free to play with a $500 jackpot!, Tonight is Wednesday #trivianight at Orleans! Come on down and join us...trivia starts at 8pm, teams of up to 8 and it's free to play!, Tonight's dinner specials are looking pretty awesome! 

Steak Tacos
lettuce, avocado and salsa in a corn tortilla
8

Grilled Swordfish
served with roasted potatoes, sautéed spinach and caprino sauce
16

Beef Medallions
pan seared and served with mashed potatoes, sautéed broccoli and a pomodoro sauce
16, Happy Saturday !!!!

C'mon down and enjoy a Bloody Mary from our now Famous Bloody Mary Bar . Brunch will be served til 3. Check out our Brunch specials including the Beef Tenderloin Benedict ,
( sauteed spinach, beef tenderloin, poached eggs and dijon hollandaise sauce on an english muffin ,served w/ homefries). Catch Every English Premier League Match as well as The Bruins v The Panthers @ 1. And Tonight ?  KARAOKE !!!!! starts @ 10. Don't be late., We have a lot going on tonight...come check out our chef's specials: eggplant rollatini, grilled swordfish with sweet corn risotto and beef medallions with a red wine demi glaze.

Sam Adams ugly sweater party starts at 7pm tonight. There will be beer sampling, giveaways and the best ugly sweater worn by a customer will win a prize!

For entertainment later we have a DJ starting at 10pm. Come dance the night away!, Tonight we have SAM ADAMS UGLY SWEATER PARTY! It will be going on from 7-9pm. There will be beer sampling, giveaways and the best ugly sweater worn by a customer, voted on by the bartenders, will win a prize!!!

The later tonight...DJ starts @ 10pm! Come in and dance your night away!, #30centwings every Thursday! You can pick either boneless or bone-in and your choice of sauce; sriracha, bourbon molasses, NOLA dry rub, sweet chili and honey hot. Come down and get them before we run out!!, If you like mac 'n cheese tonight is your night. Our chef has prepared three different macaroni and cheese dishes for this chilly December night! Lobster Tortellini Mac 'n Cheese, Buffalo Mac 'n Cheese and Truffle Mac 'n Cheese.

 Don't forget, it's also #trivianight with a $500 jackpot! The fun starts at 8pm, teams of up to eight and it's free to play., Tonight is Wednesday #trivanight at Orleans! Come on down and join us...trivia starts at 8pm, teams of up to 8 and it's free to play!

We just put Maine Beer Company's Lunch IPA on tap...come get one while it lasts!, Tonight's specials are looking great!

Steak tacos
topped with lettuce, pico de gallo and avocado in a corn tortilla

Sheperd’s pie
traditional beef sheperd’s pie with all the fixings and garlic bread

Pan seared salmon
served with sautéed spinach, roasted red bliss potatoes and a habanero mango salsa, It's #paintnite here at Orleans. If you didn't get a ticket for tonight don't worry...paintnite is back at Orleans December 21st. Go to www.paintnite.com and buy your tickets now!, We have a whole bunch of great stuff going on today! As always, the NFL Sunday ticket. Pats are on at 4 but we'll be showing every NFL game all day long. We also have some awesome brunch specials and a special holiday brunch cocktail. Come on down and we'll see you soon!

Brunch Specials:
Sticky Bun Waffle
topped with homemade vanilla icing, vermont maple syrup and candied pecans

Chicken and Waffles
buttermilk fried chicken tossed in our honey-hot sauce and served with a side of maple syrup

Steak and Cheese Baguette
grilled flat iron steak smothered with blue cheese, caramelized onions and sauteed wild mushrooms on a french baguette

Drink Special
Apple Cider Mimosa
apple cider, champagne and a cinnamon sugar rim, HAPPY SATURDAY !   

Come on down and enjoy a Bloody Mary from our Famous Bloody Mary Bar. Brunch is served til 3. Check out some of our specials, Sticky Bun Waffle and Chicken And Waffles. Catch Every EPL match as well as all NCAA Conference Championship games and Every NHL and NBA game All Season Long. And last, but not least, KARAOKE !!!! Starts @ 10., Happy Friday everyone, come in and check out our Friday night specials!! We have blackened talapia tacos, Boston egg rolls filled with homemade corned beef, carrots, cabbage and potatoes as well as chef Jorge's bison burger. Tonight we are also featuring an orange maple old fashioned...it's a must try!!

Don't forget...Mount Gay will be here tonight from 7:30-9:30 sampling some of their delicious winter cocktails and raffling off a snowboard!!, It's Thursday and you know what that means...30 CENT WING NIGHT! Either boneless or bone-in and your choice of sauce; Sriracha, Bourbon Molasses, NOLA Dry Rub, Sweet Chili and Honey Hot., Come join us tonight for one of our chef's specials...
Chef Jorge's Bison Burger with demi glazed wild mushrooms, swiss cheese, roasted tomato, arugula and garlic aioli on a butter grilled sourdough bun.

Apple and Brie Grilled Cheese with thinly sliced granny smith apples, brie, cheddar cheese and crispy bacon on fresh country white bread.

Both of these specials are perfect to pair with the Winter Bourbon Smash complete with bulleit bourbon, black raspberry preserves, cointreau, orange bitters and a splash of soda., Don't forget to book your holiday parties with us...can you believe it's already December?!

This Friday night Mount Gay will be here from 7:30-9:30pm with tasty winter cocktails and a SNOWBOARD to give away!, It's a perfect day to come in and try one of our daily $10 lunch specials...what better way to warm up this afternoon than chef Jorge's buffalo mac 'n cheese!, #paintnight is BACK!! The fun begins next Monday at 7:00pm. Here's a sneak peak of the picture we will be painting..."Frosted Boston". You can buy tickets at https://www.paintnite.com/, Tired of leftovers? We've got you covered with some delicious dinner specials. Come down for dinner and stay for karaoke at 10pm! 

Specials

steak and cheese baguette
tender shaved steak with mushrooms, caramelized onions, jack cheese and garlic aioli
12

bacon wrapped meatloaf panini
chef jorge’s homemade meatloaf wrapped in bacon on a french baguette with red onion and american cheese
12

orleans' pei mussels
lobster meat, fresh tomato and basil in a garlic wine sauce
14, HAPPY SATURDAY !!!

C'mon down and enjoy a Bloody Mart from our famous Bloody Mary Bar while you catch All the Huge match ups in College Football today. We will also be showing Every EPL Match including MAN U. @ 12:30. Brunch is served til 3. Tonight, KARAOKE starts @ 10. You can also catch Every NHL and NBA game here ALL Season long !, Hope everyone had a wonderful holiday! Stop in and take a break from the Black Friday madness...our chef's meatloaf is a prefect way to refuel! Maybe relax with one of our new cocktails like the Apple Pie which is a delicious mix of spiced rum, marshmallow vodka, Downeast Cider and apple cider., Don't forget to book your holiday parties now!, Wishing everyone a Happy Thanksgiving!! We are closed today but will re-open tomorrow morning at 11:00am. Stop in and refuel after all the Black Friday shopping!, Can you believe Thanksgiving is tomorrow? Come on down and spend the night before with us. This is the perfect time to try one of the new editions to our cocktail list, the Maple Mark complete with Maker's 46, maple syrup, lemon and ginger beer. Or maybe try something off of our new food menu...the popcorn shrimp is delicious! 

There's no trivia tonight, but it WILL return next week with the $500 jackpot still up for grabs!, Come down to try some new menu items and watch The Celtics take on the Hawks at 8!, It's Monday night Football with the Pats!!! I know, it's a Monday night and you want to stay home on the couch but it's the PATS GAME!! So come down and watch with us. If you're worried about missing the Bruins, don't worry, we've got that too at 7:30 along with $1 oysters all night long!, ACTION PACKED SATURDAY!!!

C'mon down folks. The action has already started. We will be showing every EPL match as well as Barcelona v. Real Madrid @ high noon. Catch Every college football game while you enjoy Brunch til 3. Our Bloody Mary Bar is open. Tonight, we will be showing the Bruins as well as Every NHL: game all season long. And don't forget, KARAOKE !!!!! starts at 10. What more could you ask for ., Thursday night means football and wings! Wings are 30 cents all night long! Bone in or boneless and FIVE sauces to choose from! Top it off with an awesome enchilada off our new menu. Or perhaps something else is more your speed? Check out the whole menu here: http://orleansrestaurant.com/menus/dinner-menu/ and we'll see you tonight!, Come for the Celtics at 7:30 and then stay for Trivia at 8! $500 jackpot, teams of 8 and it's free to play! Also beer. We have lots of beer., It's Tuesday which means we have the Bruins at 7pm! Come in and watch the game and celebrate the fact that the Thai Chicken Lettuce Wraps are back on the menu! warm glazed pulled chicken, napa cabbage, snap peas, crushed peanut, orange segments, sesame ginger dressing. Yum., Did we tell you guys we have a new menu?!?! We have a new menu and it's AWESOME! Check out the whole thing here: http://orleansrestaurant.com/menus/dinner-menu/

We also have Monday Night Football and $1 Oysters all night long!

Pictured here is our new Ramen bowl. Hot and spicy soup on a crisp fall night!, Good Morning Folks. C'mon down for Brunch til 3. Check out our New Brunch Menu and our Bloody Mary Bar. We have the NFL Sunday Ticket and show Every Game , Every Sunday. Also , Pats v. Giants @ 4 . We will also be showing Every NHL and NBA game All Season Long., Hi folks ! C'mon down and catch all the Top College Football action today starting @ noon. We roll out our New Brunch Menu today as well as some delicious Fall/Winter cozy cocktails. Our Bloody Mary Bar is open. Catch the Bruins in action tonight , as well as every NHL and NBA game ALL Season long. And last, but not least, KARAOKE!!!!!!  Starts at 10. Don't miss out !!!!!!!!, Football and wings are best friends! We've got 30 cent wings all night and The Bills vs. The Jets at 8:30!, Trivia tonight at 8pm with a $500 jackpot! Teams of 8 and it's free to play. Catch the Celtics at 7:30 while you're testing your trivia knowledge!, Celtics tonight at 8 and all NHL games all night long. We have new and delicious winter beers on tap so come on down and we'll see you soon!, We are busy busy over here at Orleans finalizing our new cocktail list. But we need your help! One of our new cocktails needs a name and we are fresh out of ideas so we are taking suggestions!

The nameless cocktail recipe is: Gin, St. Germain, Cranberry juice and Lemon with a thyme and cranberry garnish. 

Leave your suggestions in the comments and who knows? Maybe your idea will end up on our new menu!, Don't forget Monday Night Football! Chargers vs. Bears and kickoff is at 8:30! Come enjoy the game AND some $1 oysters all night long!, We've got the Patriots at 1 plus every other NFL game all day long! Watch all the games and enjoy a delicious Bacon Bloody Mary with your brunch!, Not only do we have the NFL Sunday ticket but we have a Bacon Bloody Mary! Seriously, I'm not joking. There's a strip of bacon INSIDE the Bloody Mary! It's amazing., Fall is a Ball !

As in Football or Futbol. We got em both here folks . Every NCAA football match up all day long as well as Every English Premier League match. Brunch and Bloody Mary bar til 3. Enjoy one of our Burger Specials while you catch Every NHL game all season long. Last , but not least, KARAOKE !!!! Starts @ 10, Happy Friday y'all! Tonight we have the Celtics at 7:30, the World Series at 7, and all the NHL games all night long! And beer. We also have beer., We are having a Halloween Party this Saturday! Sponsored by Modelo beer there will be games, prizes and Gift cards for the best costumes. Karaoke will be happening (scaryoke?) and DJ Chris Fiore will be here to lead the fun! Starts at 9pm and we'll see you then!, The stars have aligned to make 30 cent wing night and the Pats game happen AT THE SAME TIME! Wings and football go together like, well......wings and football! Add in a few delicious fall beers and it's a recipe for awesome! 

Pats Vs. Dolphins at 8:30 and the wings are 30 cents all night long! See you soon!, This rain is a bummer. Know what's NOT a bummer? $500!!! Which, coincidentally, is the trivia jackpot tonight. Starts at 8pm, teams of 8 and it's free to play! (Think of how many umbrellas you could buy with $500!), Fall is a Ball !

As in Football or Futbol. We got em both here folks . Every NCAA football match up all day long as well as Every English Premier League match. Brunch and Bloody Mary bar til 3. Enjoy one of our Burger Specials while you catch Every NHL game all season long.  Last , but not least, KARAOKE !!!!  Starts @ 10, Tonight we have a lot of sports and a lot of wings! 30 Cent wings all night, Seahawks vs. 49ers at 8:30 and MLB playoffs. Wings are bone in or boneless and you can choose one of our 4 delicious sauces! Can't watch all those games without some wings!, Are you following us on Instagram yet? Check us out! https://instagram.com/orleansdavissq/, Busy, busy, busy over here! Bruins at 7, MLB Playoffs, all NHL games and don't forget trivia! $500 jackpot, teams of 8 and it's free to play!, Tonight We have all NHL games and the MLB playoffs! Fall beers and FANTASTIC burger specials!, We have a busy night tonight here at Orleans! MLB Playoffs, Giants Vs. Eagles at 8:30 and $1 Oysters all night long! Fall beers and Burger specials all month long!, What a Day !!1

Tons of action here today @ Orleans ! C;mon down this morning and catch EVERY English Premier League Match while you enjoy Brunch til 3. Our Bloody Mary Bar is open. Enjoy one of our Burger Specials while you watch a HUGE day of NCAA Football match-ups kicking off @ noon.  Then the MLB Playoffs start this afternoon and tonight we will be Showing All NHL games including the BRUINS @ 10. And last, but not least, KARAOKE !!!!! Starts @ 10. A Full Day of Action here @ Orleans., 30 cent wings and a whole lotta sports toinght! Falcons vs. Saints at 8:30, MLB playoffs and every NHL game. See you soon!, Trivia tonight with a $500 jackpot! Teams of 8 and it's free to play. We'll also have every NHL game on so definitely enough to keep you busy!, Tonight we have MLB playoffs and every NHL game! That combined with all the delicious fall beers on tap and our awesome burger specials means you should come on down!, It is the perfect weather for a glass of wine and some $1 oysters on the patio! We will be serving them all night long. Steelers/Chargers game at 8:30 and MLB playoffs on the tvs!, WHAT A DAY !!!!

Hey Folks, The Sun is shining on our Patio. C'mon down and enjoy Brunch til 3. Have a Bloody Mary from our Famous Bloody Mary Bar. Enjoy one of our our monthly Burger Specials. Inside,  The Action kicks of @ 1 with NFL SUNDAY TICKET . We show every game all year long. The Pats kick off  @ 4. We will also be showing the MLB playoffs and every NHL game all year long. It's an ACTION Packed Sunday here. Don't miss out!!!!!!!!!!!, FALL IS A BALL !!!

As in FOOTBALL ! Catch every NCAA matchup here today. Tons of Big Games starting @ noon. Also, the MLB playoffs and every NHL game ALL Season Long , including Bruins v. Canadiens @ 7. We will be serving Brunch til 3. Our Bloody Mary Bar and Sun-Drenched Patio are open. And, last but not least, KARAOKE!!!!!!!  Start's @ 10., What A Day !!!!

It's a beautiful Fall Sunday Folks. C'mon down and enjoy Every NFL Game . We have NFL Sunday Ticket. We will also be showing Every EPL Match all season long, including MAN U. @ 11 today. Brunch will be served til 3. Our Sun-Drenched Patio is open. Enjoy a Bloody Mary from our Famous Bloody Mary Bar, and check out our Monthly Burger Specials as well. C Ya Soon!!!, Happy Saturday Folks !

Don't let the weather get you down. There's plenty of Action inside Orleans today. Brunch will be served til 3. Enjoy a Bloody Mary from our Famous Bloody Mary Bar. Catch every NCAA football game today. There's a Big Slate of games starting at noon. We will also be showing Every EPL Match today and All Season Long, Including Man City @ 10 and Chelsea @ 12:30. Check out our Oktoberfest Beer selection and Monthly Burger Special's. Last ,but not least, KARAOKE !!!! It start's @ 10. Don't miss out !!!!!!!!!!!!!, It's rainy and gross out but winning $500 might cheer you up! Trivia tonight at 8 with a rolling jackpot of $500! Teams of 8 and it's free to play!, Today's Oysters are from Misty Points and are only $1.00 3:00 till 6:00 pm!
Grown in the deep waters of Popes Bay, Virginia, these medium sized oysters have a mild brine flavor that is followed by a burst of a celery / grassy finish., We take both our burgers AND our football very seriously! With burger specials, a good crowd and a Bloody Mary Bar, there is no place better to be than Orleans for game day!, FALL IS A BALL !!!

As in Football and Futbol. C'mon down and join us today for all the Action. Brunch is served til 3. Our Famous Bloody Mary Bar is open. Check out our Monthly Burger Special's Too. We will be showing Every EPL Match today and ALL Season Long. We will also be showing Every NCAA Football game and all MLB games as well. Last but not least, KARAOKE !!! it start's @ 10. ACTION All Day and Night here @ Orleans. Don't Miss Out !!!!!!, Don't forget Karaoke tonight at 10 and our delicious burger specials! No cover and we sing all night!, It's gorgeous outside! Come enjoy some Lunch on the patio. We will be serving 30 cent wings! Bone in or boneless with a choice of Bourbon Molasses, NOLA dry rub, Sriracha or Honey Hot and $12 Burger specials that will be featured all month long!
Orleans carries the NFL Sunday ticket and all the games will be playing all day Sunday., NHL Pre-season games? Yeah, we've got that. Come watch some of games and enjoy one of our awesome burger specials! Like this one. The Spicy Lucy is delicious!, Orleans’ Rotating Burger Specials
$12
All served with House fries or Substitute Sweet Potato Fries for anadditional $2.00

Smash Burger
L.T.O. Ketchup, mustard, American cheese

Slovaki
House Lamb Burger
Red Onion Jam, Goat Cheese, Lettuce, Tomato,
Wrapped in Flat Bread

Spicy Lucy
Angus Beef Burger
Stuffed with American Cheese, Apple wood Bacon, Topped with Fried Jalapenos

Hawaiian
Smoked Ham, Mango Habanero sauce, Angus Beef Patty, Swiss cheese and grilled pineapple,

The Happy Hour
Double stacked Angus Beef Topped with American cheese, shredded lettuce, tomato, pickles, chopped onions and special sauce, $1 Oysters until 11pm and Monday night football at 8:30!, With a make your own Bloody Mary bar and the Pats on at 1, there is no better place to be than here at Orleans! Brunch til 3 and all NFL games all day long!, HAPPY SATURDAY FOLKS !!!

What a beautiful day to enjoy a Bloody Mary from our Bloody Mary Bar on the Patio. We will be serving Brunch til 3. Inside, enjoy all the action. We will be showing EVERY EPL Match all year long , including MAN U. @ 12:30. Also, today is the first Big day in college Football. Top 20 games all day starting @ noon. We will be showing Every NCAA football game as well as every MLB game all season long. And. last but not least, KARAOKE !!!!!! starts @ 10. Don;t miss out !!!, It's gorgeous outside! Come enjoy some dinner on the patio and then stick around for karaoke at 10! No cover so come sing your little heart out!, We will be serving 30 cent wings! Bone in or boneless with a choice of Bourbon Molasses, NOLA dry rub, Sriracha or Honey Hot and $12 Burger specials that will be featured all month long!, Don't forget we have trivia tonight at 8pm! $500 jackpot! Teams of 8 and it's free to play!

Also a reminder that we have a FANTASTIC make your own bloody mary bar every Saturday and Sunday for brunch! Open at 10am Saturday and 9am Sunday! See you soon!, This Week at Orleans!

Wednesday night: Trivia with a $500 rolling jackpot! Teams of 8 and free to play!

Thursday: 30 cent wings from 3-11pm. Bone-in or boneless and 4 delicious sauces to choose from. Broncos vs. Chiefs at 8:25

Friday and Saturday night at 10: Karaoke!

Saturday and Sunday Mornings we will be showing all Barclays Premier League Soccer matches

Sunday: NFL Sunday Ticket! All NFL games on our 14 TVs! Patriots vs. Buffalo at 1pm. Be sure to get here early to snag a good seat!

We will be serving our delicious Burger specials all month long!

$1 Oysters Monday-Friday. Monday from 3 on while supplies last and Tuesday-Friday from 3-6pm.

As always, our patio is open and gorgeous! (weather permitting), Tonight we kick off Monday Night Football with a double header! Eagles Vs. Falcons at 7:10 and Vikings vs. 49ers at 10:20. We will have $1 Oysters until 11pm as well as all our delicious burger specials!, Seafood Sunday Specials!

Tuna Steak
Lemongrass grilled tuna served with a fresh tomato salad, spicy soy sauce and creamy wasabi
12

Baked Cod
Served with crab meat stuffing, lemon butter sauce, sweet pea risotto and green beans
18

Pan Seared Blackened Tuna
Served with fresh avocado salad and grilled baby bok choy
15, NFL SUNDAY !!!

Yes ! It is finally here. C'mon down and enjoy every NFL game today . Try one of our Burger Specials. Brunch is served til 3 and our Bloody Mary Bar is open. This is our 13th year of running the NFL Sunday Ticket. There are fan[s of every team here.It's a lot of fun.  C'mon down !!!!!!!, Happy Saturday Folks !

C'mon down and join us for Brunch til 3. Our Patio and Bloody Mary Bar are open. We will be showing ALL EPL Matches today as well as EVERY NCAA Football game and MLB game all season long. Check out our Burger special's this month and ,it is Saturday. So , of course , KARAOKE !!!!!  Tonight at 10. It's an ACTION PACKED Saturday here folks. Don't Miss Out !!!!!!!, Orleans’ Burger Month
$12
All served with House fries or Substitute Sweet Potato Fries for an additional $2.00

Smash Burger
L.T.O. Ketchup, mustard, American cheese 

Slovaki
House Lamb Burger
Red Onion Jam, Goat Cheese, Lettuce, Tomato, 
Wrapped in Flat Bread

Spicy Lucy
Angus Beef Burger
Stuffed with American Cheese, Apple wood Bacon, Topped with Fried Jalapenos 

Hawaiian 
Smoked Ham, Mango Habanero sauce, Angus Beef Patty, Swiss cheese and grilled pineapple, 

The Happy Hour
Double stacked Angus Beef Topped with American cheese, shredded lettuce, tomato, pickles, chopped onions and special sauce, The Pats are officially back in action! Be sure to get here early tonight for the season opener vs. the Steelers.Orleans carries the NFL Sunday ticket and all the games will be playing all day Sunday.
Make Orleans your home for all NFL games this season!
We will be serving 30 cent wings! Bone in or boneless with a choice of Bourbon Molasses, NOLA dry rub, Sriracha or Honey Hot and $12 Burger specials that will be featured all month long!, Come join us tomorrow for THURSDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL!! The New England Patriots take on the Pittsburgh Steelers at 8:30pm. We will be serving 30 cent wings! Bone in or boneless with a choice of Bourbon Molasses, NOLA dry rub, Sriracha or Honey Hot and $12 Burger specials that will be featured all month long! 
Orleans carries the NFL Sunday ticket and all the games will be  playing all day Sunday., Here are two new additions to the Burger Specials!

Hawaiian 
Smoked Ham, Mango Habanero sauce, Angus Beef Patty, Swiss cheese and grilled pineapple, 

The Happy Hour
Double stacked Angus Beef Topped with American cheese, shredded lettuce, tomato, pickles, chopped onions and special sauce

Be sure to keep checking back for changes and updates to the burger specials!, It's Labor Day which means you're probably not at work! Come celebrate with some $1 oysters 3-11 tonight and cool off with one of our delicious cocktails!, Do you have the day off tomorrow and don't know what to do with all that free time? Come have brunch with us! We will be serving brunch specials tomorrow until 3 and our patio is OPEN! 

American Breakfast
2 buttermilk pancakes, 2 eggs any style, choice of bacon or sausage
14

Huevos Rancheros
2 sunny side eggs, cojita cheese stuffed tortilla, black beans, avocado, salsa roja, cilantro
12

Jorge’s Hash & Eggs
House made hash, two poached eggs, marble rye toast
14

Steak and Eggs
2 eggs any style, our famous steak tips, home fries
12

Orleans Omelet
Caramelized onions, chorizo, red peppers, swiss, fruit or toast
14

Open Face Omelet
Wild mushrooms, spinach, goat cheese, choice of fruit or toast
14

Bennys
Englsih muffin, poached eggs, hollandaise
Coutry ham 14, avocado spinach & tomato 14, smoked salmon 15

French Toast Platter
2 eggs any style, choice of bacon, sausage or ham
14, Happy Labor Day Weekend everyone! Come down on this long weekend and spend your Sunday with us. We are serving brunch until 3pm along with our famous bloody mary bar. Then, it's seafood specials tonight. Our patio is OPEN and it's going to be a beautiful day!!, Happy Gameday folks !

Orleans is the perfect place to catch All you're college football games all season long ! We have the Gameday package as well as the SEC and Big Ten networks.  We will be serving Brunch today until 3. Our Sun-drenched Patio and Bloody Mary Bar are open. We will also be showing every MLB game all season long. Check out our Burger Special's. And last, but not least, KARAOKE !!! It starts at 10., Join Us For $1 Oysters from 3pm-6pm. Today's Oysters are from West Bay;
Farmed in the northern edge of Nantucket Sound in Cotuit, Massachusetts – Cape Cod these “original cape oysters” are small to medium oysters with elegant mild briny flavor, plump meats and creamy finish., Tonight we have 30 cent wings! Bone in or boneless with a choice of Bourbon Molasses, NOLA dry rub, Sriracha or Honey Hot sauce. We are also on day #3 of Burger Month. $12 Burger specials all month long! Dance the night away with 80's reunion band starting at 9pm! See you tonight!, It's Day 2 of burger month and we are in full swing! Be sure to keep checking back for changes and updates to the burger specials!, Get ready for our burger specials! We will be featuring burger specials beginning Tonight for the whole Month of September.
Orleans’ Burger Month
$12

Smash Burger
L.T.O. Ketchup, mustard, American cheese, house fries

Slovaki
House Lamb Burger
Red Onion Jam, Goat Cheese, Lettuce, Tomato, 
House Pulled Pork, Memphis Style BBQ Sauce, Angus Beef Patty
Cheddar Cheese, Crispy Onion Strings with a Wrapped in Flat Bread
Served with Cucumber Tomato Salad Dressed with Dill Dressing

Spicy Lucy
Angus Beef Burger
Stuffed with American Cheese, Apple wood Bacon, Topped with Fried Jalapenos Served with Side of Sweet Potato Waffle Fries

Beal Street
Side of Picnic Potato Salad

Poutine
Angus Beef Patty
Topped with Local Cheese Curds, Bacon, Beef Demi Glaze, Served with House Fries, Some more delicious seafood specials including these awesome buffalo popcorn shrimp!, Happy Seafood Sunday Folks !

C'mon down and join us for Brunch til 3. Our Patio and Famous Bloody Mary Bar are both open. We will be showing the Manchester United Match @ 11 and every MLB game as well. Sox v. the New York Mets @ 1. We will  be serving an array of Seafood Specials tonight starting @ 4., Come down and enjoy some brunch and a Bloody Mary with our make your own bloody condiment bar! Outside on the Patio or in with the games n the TVs, a custom Bloody Mary is always delicious!, Tonight's Dinner specials
Poached Peach Salad
Baby field greens, sliced almonds, red onions, carrots, goat cheese and peach citrus vinaigrette
12

Baked Stuffed Cod
Fresh cod stuffed with scallops and served with sweet pea risotto, grilled asparagus and a lemon wine sauce
20

Grilled Flat Steak
Served with lobster mashed potatoes, onion rings, beef demi-glaze 
18

Roasted ½ Chicken
Served with aromatic vegetable quinoa, watercress salad, rosemary thyme au jus
17, Tonight, we have 30 cent wings! 
Options include:

 Orleans own sriracha wing sauce
 Honey hot
 NOLA dry rub
 bourbon molasses

 Bone in or boneless available. Dress it up how you like it with one of our many hot sauces from the hot sauce table!
 

Drink Specials 

Botanist Spritz
Muddled mint and lemon, Botanist gin, St. Elder, topped with moscato
8

Kalimotxo
Red wine and Coca-Cola?! Don’t knock it till you try it! Popular in Basque-country, it tastes a lot like a sangria, minus the namby-oamby chopping of fruit. Especially refreshing with a squeeze of lemon, say hello to your new summer favorite!
7

Castelnau de Suduiraut
Aromas of candied yellow fruit, quince, mild spices, and a hint of minerality. Excellent as a dessert wine.
Glass 9, Get ready for our burger specials! We will be featuring burger specials beginning September 1st. Here's just a preview of what's coming!

Slovaki
House Lamb Burger
Red Onion Jam, Lettuce, Tomato, Wrapped in Flat Bread, Served with Cucumber tomato salad dressed with Dill Dressing

Spicy Lucy
Angus Beef Burger
Stuffed with Blue Cheese, Apple wood Bacon, Topped with Fried Jalapenos. Served with a side of Sweet Potato Waffle Fries.

Beal Street
House Pulled Pork, Memphis Style BBQ Sauce, Angus Style Patty, Cheddar Cheese, Crispy Onion Strings with a Side of Picnic Potato Salad

Poutine
Angus Beef Patty
Topped with Local Cheese Curds, Bacon, Beef Demi Glaze, Served with House Fries and a Side of Mac 'n Cheese., These mouthwatering scallops are just ONE of our 3 delicious seafood specials of the night!

Lobster with Mussels
Served with fresh tomatoes and basil in a lobster broth
14

Pan Seared Salmon
Topped with a saffron aioli and served with fingerling potatoes and a watercress salad
16

Pan Seared Scallops with Bacon Jam  
Served with saffron cream risotto and sautéed spinach
16, Happy Saturday folks !

C'mon down and join us for Brunch til 3. Both, Our Bloody Mary Bar and our patio are open. We will be showing Every English Premier League Match this morning and all year long. The Patriots take on New Orleans @ 7 . The Red Hot Red Sox take on Kansas city @ 7 as well as every MLB game all season long. This however, all leads into tonight's headlining act . YOU ! That's right. KARAOKE starts @ 10. Don't miss out !!!!!, This Rosemary Roasted Lamb Salad with
Sliced top lamb and tzatziki sauce over our house watercress salad is just one of our chef's delicious specials for tonight! Come enjoy some on the patio in this beautiful weather!, Today's Oysters are from Washburn and are only $1.00 3:00 till 6:00 pm!
Grown in Waquoit Bay in Washburn Island off the coast of Falmouth, Massachusetts – Cape Cod, these medium sized oysters offer plump firm meats that are sweet, briny and pack a nice mineral finish.
The Sun is Out & the Patio is Open., Jumbo Crab Cake
Topped with remoulade sauce
12

Meatball Sandwich
Marinara sauce, mozzarella cheese, French baguette
12

Chicken Fried Steak
Scallion mashed potatoes, Black pepper gravy, topped with arugula salad
16

Drink Specials

Cool & Spicy Margarita
Jalapeno-infused Tequila, Cointreau , fresh lime juice, muddled cucumber, simple syrup
8

 John Daly
Deep Eddy Sweet Tea Vodka, lemonade, fresh lemon juice
8

Jean Francois Merieau “Le Bois Jacou” Gamay  
2013 Touraine Loire, France
A light bodied red that is the perfect summer sipper. Flavors of dark cherry, raspberry, cola and pomegranate with a long finish that pairs well with all meats, pastas or just by itse lf.
12. Glass / 44. Bottle

We also have trivia at 8 and our rolling jackpot is up to $500! Teams of 8 or less and it's free to play., Like our Facebook page and be automatically entered to win a free tailgate party for 20 people! Best seats in the house and football themed appetizers! Winners selected throughout August and you will have your choice of available nights!, $12 Slider Specials
Served with house chips

Crab Cake
Topped with remoulade

Cranberry Chicken Salad
With American Cheese

PBT
Prosciutto, Basil Aioli, Tomato, Mozzarella, $1 Oysters all night long!

Sox vs Cleveland at 7

Tonight's Dinner Specials

Jumbo Scallops
Pan seared jumbo scallops served with sweet corn risotto, grilled asparagus and saffron aioli
19

Salmon
Pan seared salmon with pomegranate glaze accompanied with roasted red bliss tomatoes, sautéed spinach
17

Crabby Patty
Hand made crab cake served with avocado and spicy remoulade topped with lettuce, tomato & red onion in a sweet roll
14, Here in New England we love our seafood!!!
Here at Orleans we love Seafood Sundays!!!
Every Sunday we feature great local seafood specially prepared by our Chef.
This Sunday
Blackened Shrimp & Peach Salad
Jumbo Scallops with sweet corn risotto
Grilled Salmon
Krabby Patty Chefs handmade crabcake on a sweet roll with spicy remoulade and of course top secret ingredients.
Special Draft Features
Steal this Can IPA - Lord Hobo
Coronado Orange Avenue Wit - Coronado Brewing Co.
Port Brewing Co. Summer Pale Ale, Sunday Brunch! 
Our World Famous Bloody Mary Bar!
Red Sox 1:00 PM
All MLB Action ( games on all t.v.'s)
PGA Championship
Seafood Sunday Dinner Specials (details to follow)
Beat the heat and get down to Orleans for drink and something good to eat!!, Happy Summer Saturday !

Come join us for Brunch til 3. Our Bloody Mary Bar and our Patio are open. We will be showing Every English Premier League match today and All year long. The Sox play @ 1. We will also be showing every MLB game All season long.  And last, but not least, KARAOKE @ 10. Don't miss out !!!!!!, Tonight's Dinner Specials

Poached Peach Salad
Baby field greens, sliced almonds, red onions, carrots, goat cheese and peach citrus vinaigrette
12

Baked Stuffed Cod
Fresh cod stuffed with crab meat and served with sweet corn risotto, grilled asparagus and a lemon butter sauce
18

Pan Seared Jumbo Scallops
Served with mashed butternut squash, grilled asparagus and a saffron aioli
19

Eggplant Parmesan
Panko crusted eggplant and provolone cheese smothered with our house marinara sauce and fresh linguine from Dave’s Fresh Pasta
14, It's Thursday and we have .30 cent wings Bone-in or Bone-less with a variety of hotsauces fromaround world.
What away to kick off the weekend!
At 8:30pm tonight we have 80's Reunion who have been rocking the house every Thursday evening playing all the retro 80's hits.
Drink! Dance! and of course get your wing fix on!
Orleans has the best wings around!
Can't wait to see you there tonight!, These blackened fish tacos are just one of our chef's delicious specials for tonight! Come enjoy some on the patio in this beautiful weather!

We also have trivia at 8 and our rolling jackpot is up to $500! Teams of 8 or less and it's free to play., What's that you ask? That's a buffalo mac & cheese slider. No joke. Buffalo. Mac. Cheese. Slider. See you soon!

$12 Slider Specials
Served With House Chips

Buffalo Mac & Cheese
Fried buffalo Mac & Cheese, blue cheese dressing

Sesame Tuna
Tuna tarare, wasabi avocado aioli 

Steak and Cheese
Mushrooms, onions, American cheese

Eggplant Parmesan 
Marinara sauce, fresh mozzarella, It's Monday and that means $1.00 Oysters at Orleans!
Some new features on our rotating taps and some great seafood specials to go with our $1.00 Oysters
Tuna Tartare served with fresh Cucumber and Avocado
Grilled Salmon with Fennel and Apple salad
Blackened Tilapia in a sweet chili cream sauce over linguine
Mussels and Calamri and Cherry Tomatoes in a spicy garlic wine broth
Rotating Taps Featuring:
Lord Hobo Steal This Can American I.P.A.
Grey Sail Captain's Daughter Double I.P.A.
Port Brewing Summer Pale Ale
Coronado Orange Ave Wit, Seafood Sunday:
One Fish Two Fish Red Fish Brew Fish!!
We have amazing Seafood Specials and some great new additions to our Rotating Taps!!
Tuna Tartare served with fresh Cucumber and Avocado
Grilled Salmon with Fennel and Apple salad
Blackened Tilapia in a sweet chili cream sauce over linguine
Mussels and Calamri and Cherry Tomatoes in a spicy garlic wine broth
Rotating Taps Featuring:
Lord Hobo Steal This Can American I.P.A.
Grey Sail Captain's Daughter Double I.P.A.
Port Brewing Summer Pale Ale
Coronado Orange Ave Wit 
Come Down and catch the Sox in a matinee and stay for Seafood Sunday!!, Seafood Sundays at Orleans! Sundays from 4:30 pm-10 pm. Enjoy a variety of seafood specials every Sunday. Try them on our outdoor patio with a glass of wine or one of our tasty summer cocktails!, Its a perfect day to sit on the patio and enjoy an ice cold cocktail! Try one of chef Jorge's great Dinner specials!

Chicken Piccata
Roasted potatoes, asparagus, lemon caper sauce
15

Pretzel Sticks
Sam Adams Cheese Sauce
6

Blackened Salmon
Spinach, mushroom, cheese tortellini, garlic wine sauce
17

Montanero Plate
Flat iron steak, rice, black beans, avocado, fried egg, corn tortilla 
16, It's Thursday and we have .30 cent wings Bone-in or Bone-less with a variety of hotsauces fromaround world.
What away to kick off the weekend!
At 8:30pm tonight we have 80's Reunion who have been rocking the house every Thursday evening playing all the retro 80's hits.
Drink! Dance! and of course get your wing fix on!
Orleans has the best wings around!
Can't wait to see you there tonight!, Happy National Oyster Day!! Come on down to Orleans and enjoy $1 oysters all day! Our fresh oysters today are:

Misty Points: Grown in the deep waters of Popes Bay, Virginia, these medium sized oysters have a mild brine flavor that is followed by a burst of a celery / grassy finish., $12 Slider Specials
Served With House Chips
Cubano
Roasted pork, ham, pickle, mustard, swiss 
 
Crab Cakes
Topped with remoulade sauce

Flat Iron Steak
Sliced flat iron steak topped pickled fennel and pineapple salsa

Fried Pickles
Topped with our delicious chipotle aioli

Drink Specials

Cool & Spicy Margarita
Jalapeno-infused Tequila, Cointreau, fresh lime juice, muddled cucumber, simple syrup
8

Spring Wine Specials
Hecht & Bannier Cotes de Provence, 2014 Provence, France 2014
Rose Grenache / Cinsalt / Syrah
Perfect for sipping on the patio. Fruity, crisp & fresh with flavors of cherry, peach, and strawberry. Ready to drink!
11. Glass / 39. Bottle

Jean Francois Merieau “Le Bois Jacou” Gamay  
2013 Touraine Loire, France 
A light bodied red that is the perfect summer sipper. Flavors of dark cherry, raspberry, cola and pomegranate with a long finish that pairs well with all meats, pastas or just by itse lf.
12. Glass / 44. Bottle, Live from Orleans broadcasting some delicious specials and of course $1.00 Oysters.
Today's Oysters are Misty Points:
Grown in the deep waters of Popes Bay, Virginia, these medium sized oysters have a mild brine flavor that is followed by a burst of  celery / grassy finish Have some with a glass or bottle of Domaine de la Fruitiere  "Vignes Blanches" 2013 Loire, France 
A beautiful Loire blend of Chardonnay / Melon de Bourgogne (Muscadet) / Sauvignon Blanc
Crisp, rich and floral with great acidity and balance to 
natural pair with lobster, shellfish and all Atlantic seafood
10. Glass / 36. Bottle

Orleans' Seafood Bounty continues featuring:
Voo Doo Shrimp sauteed in Abita Turbo Dog Beer and Creole spice.
Seafood Risotto featuring lobster, little necks and scallops.
Boiled Lobster Dinner with fresh boiled lobster, grilled corn, potato salad and drawn butter.

The Red Sox are off tonight but Orleans has all the MLB Action live on our T.V.'s, Seafood Sunday begins at 4:30 pm Chef Jorge has bountiful specials from the sea for your dining enjoyment!!
Today and every Sunday!!!, Happy Sunday it is a beautiful day!!
It is also Sunday Brunch and the World Famous Bloody Mary Bar is rockin' Come on down and hook up one of our delicious Bloodies with all your accoutrements from bacon to chili peppers and all the fiery hot sauces.
Seafood Sunday here at the O.
Chef Jorge has conjured up some delicious black magic from the Ocean with his Voo Doo Shrimp sauteed in Abita Turbo Dog Beer and Creole spice.
Seafood Risotto featuring lobster, little necks and scallops.
Boiled Lobster Dinner with fresh boiled lobster, grilled corn, potato salad and drawn butter.
Sox are rapping up a series against the Rays and could win their fourth straight!! 
All MLB action on all our t.v.s all the time!!, Happy Saturday Folks !

Come on down and join us for Brunch til 3. Our Famous Bloody Mary Bar is open, as well as our patio. The Red Sox take on Tampa Bay @ 1. We will also be showing every MLB game all season long. And yes, KARAOKE starts @ 10. Don't miss out !!!!, Its a perfect day to sit on the patio and enjoy an ice cold cocktail! Try one of chef Jorge's great Dinner specials!

Fried Pickles
Our classic fried pickles! Served with a side of chipotle aioli
7

Seafood Fettuccine
Fresh lobster, littleneck clams, scallops, shallots, and asparagus.
Served in a parmesan garlic wine sauce
23

Orleans Steak Frittes
Grilled flatiron steak served with house cut fries, onion rings in a beef au jus 
18

Grilled Swordfish
Summer vegetables, balsamic reduction, basil aioli
18, Today's Oysters are from Washburn and are only $1.00 3:00 till 6:00 pm! 
Grown in Waquoit Bay in Washburn Island off the coast of Falmouth, Massachusetts – Cape Cod, these medium sized oysters offer plump firm meats that are sweet, briny and pack a nice mineral finish.
The Sun is Out & the Patio is Open., Tonight at 8:30 Go back in time with "80's Reunion" , the area's premiere cover band!! 
Back by popular demand and now even better! Tonight, we have 30 cent wings! Options include Orleans own sriracha wing sauce, honey hot, NOLA dry rub and bourbon molasses. Bone in or boneless available. Dress it up how you like it with one of our many hot sauces from the hot sauce table!, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won.Teams of 8 and it's free to play., null, $12 Slider Specials
Served With House Chips

 
Meatball
Basil, marinara sauce, mozzarella cheese

Sesame Tuna
Tuna tartare, wasabi soy cream sauce 

Crab Cake
Topped with a fennel salad, remoulade sauce

Buffalo Chicken
Lettuce, tomato, blue cheese dressing

Drink Specials

Cool & Spicy Margarita
Jalapeno-infused Tequila, Cointreau, fresh lime juice, muddled cucumber, simple syrup
8

Spring Wine Specials
Hecht & Bannier Cotes de Provence, 2014 Provence, France 2014
Rose Grenache / Cinsalt / Syrah
Perfect for sipping on the patio. Fruity, crisp & fresh with flavors of cherry, peach, and strawberry. Ready to drink!
11. Glass / 39. Bottle

Jean Francois Merieau “Le Bois Jacou” Gamay  
2013 Touraine Loire, France 
A light bodied red that is the perfect summer sipper. Flavors of dark cherry, raspberry, cola and pomegranate with a long finish that pairs well with all meats, pastas or just by itse lf.
12. Glass / 44. Bottle, No Blue Monday here all is good at Orleans tonight:
$1.00 Oysters 3:00 - 11:00 pm Featured oysters are Blue Points from Long Island Sound off the Ct. Coast
Chef is also featuring The Orleans Lobster Roll packed with
Fresh Local lobster tossed with mayo and celery 
Lobster Fra Diavolo served in a spicy marinara with penne
Fresh Little Necks with Linguine!!!
Summer is here and no better time to eat seafood in New England!
All the MLB action as always but the trade dead line ias fast approaching  a lot of intrigue and excitement., "Someday's are better then others" sang four lads from Dublin. They were right and today is one Great Day at Orleans! 

Pedro Martinez is going into the H.O.F.!

Brunch is Rocking and the Bloody Mary Bar is in full swing.

It is a perfect day for the Patio. The sun is but not too hot. Come down and hang and try our new seafood specials!

Seafood Sunday is back at 4:30pm Today! The culinary team in the kitchen has put our fishmonger to work and brought in some great local seafood
Today's Specials
Linguine and Littleneck Clams
Shallots, tomatoes, asparagus, garlic wine sauce
( try with a glass of muscadet)
20
Orleans Lobster Roll
Fresh local lobster, tossed with celery and mayo on a grilled brioche bun
Served with house fries and coleslaw (try with a glass of rose)
20
Lobster Fra Diavolo Try 
Fresh local lobster sautéed in Orlean’s spicy marinara sauce over penne pasta (try with a glass of gamay)
24

Drink Specials 
Cool & Spicy Margarita
Jalapeno-infused Tequila, Cointreau, fresh lime juice, muddled cucumber, simple syrup
8

Summer Wine Specials
Hecht & Bannier Cotes de Provence, 2014 Provence, France 2014
Rose Grenache / Cinsalt / Syrah
Perfect for sipping on the patio. Fruity, crisp & fresh with flavors of cherry, peach, and strawberry. Ready to drink!
11. Glass / 39. Bottle

Domaine de la Fruitiere Vignes Blanches 2013 Loire, France 
A beautiful Loire blend of Chardonnay / Melon de Bourgogne (Muscadet) / Sauvignon
Crisp, rich and floral with great minerality
Natural pairing for oysters and all Atlantic seafood
10. Glass / 36. Bottle

Jean Francois Merieau “Le Bois Jacou” Gamay  
2013 Touraine Loire, France
A light bodied red that is the perfect summer sipper. Flavors of dark cherry, raspberry, cola and pomegranate with a long finish that pairs well with all meats, pastas or just by itself.
12. Glass / 44. Bottle, Happy Saturday Folks !

Come on down and enjoy a Bloody Mary from our now Famous Bloody Mary Bar.  Enjoy one on the Patio, in fact. It's a beautiful day to enjoy a nice cocktail outside. Brunch is served til 3. The Sox take on Detroit at 4. We will also be showing every MLB game all season long. But of course, it all leads into the non-stop action tonight . KARAOKE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Don't miss out., null, Tonight at 8:30 Go back in time with "80's Reunion" , the area's premiere cover band!! 
Back by popular demand and now even better! Tonight, we have 30 cent wings! Options include Orleans own sriracha wing sauce, honey hot, NOLA dry rub and bourbon molasses. Bone in or boneless available. Dress it up how you like it with one of our many hot sauces from the hot sauce table!, Join us tonight for some tasty Hot Dog Specials!, What a beautiful day to enjoy $1 Oysters on our patio from 3-6 pm!

Today's Oysters are Blue Points:
Wild Oysters from Norwalk, Connecticut in Long Island sound, these medium to large oysters offer firm meats, mild briny flavor and complex flavors of both mineral and grass with a crisp finish., Seafood Sundays at Orleans! Sundays from 4:30 pm-10 pm. Enjoy a variety of seafood specials every Sunday. Try them on our outdoor patio with a glass of wine or one of our tasty summer cocktails!, Starting tonight we will have $12 Slider specials every Tuesday starting at 4 pm!

Here are a few of our chefs slider specials tonight!

 
Carolina Pulled Pork
Onion Rings, creamy cole slaw

Sesame Tuna
Tuna tartare, wasabi soy cream sauce 

 Turkey Sliders
House ground Turkey, pepper jack cheese, pineapple salsa

Blackened Salmon
Lemon slaw, Baja aioli, Monday $1.oo Oysters 3:00 pm to 11:00 pm. 
Come down and try Chef's Specials: Grilled Shrimp & Swordfish / Orleans Lobster Roll / Bolognese over Pappardelle. 
The Red Sox are playing two today starting at 4:00 pm and we got em' as well as all the MLB action all season long!, Last Round of the British Open Finishing up. Come see the finale!
Play Off Rounds coming up!
Red Sox Double Header at 4:00 pm, Hot in the City but it is nice in cool at Orleans! It is Sunday and The British Open is in full swing.
Sox and Angels tonight! As well as all MLB action
Nascar! Golf! Soccer! All the action all the time!
Chef has some great specials today.
Grilled Shrimp& Swordfish Kabobs!
The... Orleans Lobster Roll!
Chef Jorge's Bolognese over pappardelle!
Wine specials (Beautiful Rose from Provence)/ Drink Specials( Cool & Spicy Margarita with jalapeno infused tequila, Its a perfect day to sit on the patio and enjoy an ice cold cocktail! Try one of chef Jorge's great Dinner specials!
Orleans Lobster Roll
Fresh lobster stuffed inside a grilled brioche bun
Served with house fries and coleslaw
20, Happy Saturday Folks !

If you are in the Square today for Art Beat, Stop in for Brunch til 3. Our Bloody Mary Bar and Patio are open. We will be showing coverage of The British Open and  Gold Cup Soccer  ( USA v. Cuba, 5 pm ). The Red Sox take on The Angels @ 9, We will also be showing every MLB game all season long. But, of course, this all leads into KARAOKE !!!!!!!!!! @ 10. Don't miss out on all the action., Dinner Specials

 
Grilled Shrimp and Swordfish Kabobs
Served with potato salad and grilled corn
18

Orleans Steak Frites
Grilled Flat Iron Steak served au jus with our house cut frites, and Chef Jorges Onion Rings
18

Beef and Pork Bolognese
Served over pappardelle pasta
16

Drink Specials

Cool & Spicy Margarita
Jalapeno-infused Tequila, Cointreau, fresh lime juice, muddled cucumber, simple syrup
8

Spring Wine Specials
Hecht & Bannier Cotes de Provence, 2014 Provence, France 2014
Rose Grenache / Cinsalt / Syrah
Perfect for sipping on the patio. Fruity, crisp & fresh with flavors of cherry, peach, and strawberry. Ready to drink!
11. Glass / 39. Bottle

Jean Francois Merieau “Le Bois Jacou” Gamay  
2013 Touraine Loire, France 
A light bodied red that is the perfect summer sipper. Flavors of dark cherry, raspberry, cola and pomegranate with a long finish that pairs well with all meats, pastas or just by itse lf.
12. Glass / 44. Bottle, Go back in time with "80's Reunion" , the area's premiere cover band!! 
Great Food & Drinks . Sam Adams Promo - Zac Brown ticket giveaway.
Wing Night is back!!! 30 Cent Wings all night long! Try the Dry Rub So Naughty or if you like it Saucy Go for it! Bone In or Boneless... All Good!
Mike & Abre behind the bar- the best part!
Fun, Excitement, Thrills and and great summer nights!
Never a cover... Always a good time, We have have heard your requests loud and clear and we are responding! Starting tomorrow night karaoke is back on Friday AND Saturday nights! 10pm, 21 plus and the best part is there's no cover! Come down to sing your heart out and we'll see you this weekend!, Its a perfect day to sit on the patio and enjoy an ice cold cocktail! Try one of chef Jorge's great Dinner specials!

Dinner Specials
Crab Cakes
Basil aioli, side salad
12
 
Grilled Swordfish
Served with sautéed mixed vegetables, Spanish rice and salsa rojo
20

Orleans Steak Frites
Grilled Flat Iron Steak served au jus with our house cut frites, and Chef Jorges Onion Rings
18

Butter Rum Bread Pudding
Macerated golden raisins and vanilla ice cream
5, Two GREAT reasons to come down to Orleans
We just tapped Maine Beer Co. "LUNCH" IPA. A East Coast version of a West Coast IPA and we also have Blue Point $1.00 Oysters from 3-6 Pm.
Wild Oysters from Norwalk, Connecticut in Long Island sound, these medium to large oysters offer firm meats, mild briny flavor and complex flavors of both mineral and grass with a crisp finish., $1.00 Oysters all from 3:00 - 11:00 pm Featured Oysters are Blue Points from Connecticut.
Back, Back, Back, Back Going Going Goonnne!! Home Run Derby tonight!
Chef has Grilled Swordfish and Steak Frites come in and see who the new "Sultan of Swat" is and join Mike Cotter at the bar for some cold brews and sports news you can use!!!, Blazin' on a Sunday afternoon... Come down to Orleans and beat the heat!
Chef Jorge has a beautiful grilled swordfish special as well as steak frites!!
Mike is on the bar and the Sox are battling the Yanks!
It is the last day of MLB action before the All Star break and we have all the games!, Karaoke is back tonight!! Chris Fiore and his "video dj karaoke experience" will rock Davis Square. Don't miss it!, Happy Saturday Folks !

We will be serving Brunch til 3 today. Our Famous Bloddy Mary Bar is open as well as our Patio. Come on down and catch All the MLB action today including Sox v. Yanks @ 7. We will also be showing the Gold Cup Matches tonight. And last, but not least, KARAOKE !!!!!!  it starts @ 9 30. Don't be late !, Tonight at the Orleans...
* Red Sox vs. Yankees @ 7:00 pm
* Gold Cup Match - USA vs. Haiti @ 8:30 pm, null, Tonight, we have 30 cent wings! Options include Orleans own sriracha wing sauce, honey hot, NOLA dry rub and bourbon molasses. Bone in or boneless available. Dress it up how you like it with one of our many hot sauces from the hot sauce table!

Throwback Thursday's now featuring Live Entertainment with 80's Reunion! Playing all the great covers from the 80's. Starting at 9, Dinner Specials

Fried Avocado Taco’s
Lemon Cole slaw, chipotle aioli, flour tortillas 
7

 BBQ Ribs
Creamy Cole slaw, house fries
14

Grilled Swordfish
Mediterranean vegetables, basil aioli, balsamic reduction
16

Drink Specials

Cool & Spicy Margarita
Jalapeno-infused Tequila, Cointreau, fresh lime juice, muddled cucumber, simple syrup
8
 John Daly
Deep Eddy Sweet Tea Vodka, lemonade, fresh lemon juice
8

Spring Wine Specials

Hecht & Bannier Cotes de Provence, 2014 Provence, France 
Rose Grenache / Cinsalt / Syrah
Perfect for sipping on the patio. Fruity, crisp & fresh with flavors of cherry, peach, and strawberry. Ready to drink!
11. Glass / 39. Bottle

Jean Francois Merieau “Le Bois Jacou” Gamay  
2013 Touraine Loire, France 
A light bodied red that is the perfect summer sipper. Flavors of dark cherry, raspberry, cola and pomegranate with a long finish that pairs well with all meats, pastas or just by itse lf.
12. Glass / 44. Bottle, Here are Two GREAT reasons to come to Orleans Tonight!
One of our Chefs Specials
Fried Goat Cheese
Served with marinara sauce and fresh Crostini. We also just tapped Maharaja Imperial IPA 12% ABV from Avery Brewing company. Boulder, CO. 
Happy Tuesday Everyone!, Happy Monday in Davis Square, Somerville!! Ground Zero for $1.00 Oysters 3-11pm. Tonight we are featuring Malpques which are farm raised in the shallow cold water inlets of Prince Edward Island, Canada, these small to medium plump firm meaty oysters have a distinctively salty and clean flavor with a sweet finish. Perfect with a cold beer from our rotating draught line up. Just tapped Happy Sol from Slum Brew another Somerville original proudly poured here at Orleans. 
All MLB games all season long. Sox are off but that just gives you a chance to catch up with the rest of the league action.
Congratulations to the United States Women's soccer team and thank you to all our guests last night who came down to route them on!, Happy Sunday everyone! Our bloody mary bar is open and the Red Sox play at 1:35 this afternoon. Come wrap up your 4th of July weekend with us. Also, the FIFA Women's World Cup final is tonight at 7:00...come on down and cheer on the USA as they take on Japan!!!, Happy July 4th, 2015!! Celebrate the birth of Our Country at Orleans. Lobster rolls Baseball and Fun!!! What is more American then that?, HAPPY 4th of JULY!!!!!

What better way to celebrate America than some Ice Cold Beer and Every MLB game. The Sox take on Houston @ 1. We will also be showing the Copa America Final @ 3:30 between Argentina and Chile. Brunch will be served today until 3. C'mon down for some Pre and Post fireworks Cocktails as well.  GOD BLESS AMERICA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, Traffic Report North & South of Boston... Bad News Backed up for Miles! The Good News... Orleans is open and ready for action! 
$1.00 oysters from 3pm to 6pm
Red Sox vs. the Astros who are in first place in the American League West! 
As always all M.L.B. games live!!!
International Soccer Friendly United States vs. Guatemala 6:30pm
Chef has great specials tonight;
a Traditional New England Lobster Roll on a grilled brioche hot-dog bun with our House cut fries and cole slaw
Porcini Ravioli with sauteed wild mushrooms and spinach in a pesto cream sauce
Chicken, Prosciutto, shallots, sweet peas and asparagus sauteed and served in our house marinara., Back by popular demand and now even better! Tonight, we have 30 cent wings! Options include Orleans own sriracha wing sauce, honey hot, NOLA dry rub and bourbon molasses. Bone in or boneless available. Dress it up how you like it with one of our many hot sauces from the hot sauce table!, Dinner Specials

Lobster Sliders
Lobster salad, house chips, cole slaw
16

 Blackened Fish Tacos
Cabbage slaw, baja aioli, rice & beans, guacamole, pico de gallo
16

Grilled Flat Iron Steak Sandwich
Mushrooms, caramelized onions, blue cheese, French baguette, house fries
14

Drink Specials
Cool & Spicy Margarita
Jalapeno-infused Tequila, Cointreau, fresh lime juice, muddled cucumber, simple syrup
8
 John Daly
Deep Eddy Sweet Tea Vodka, lemonade, fresh lemon juice
8, Come in tonight and watch soccer with us at Orleans! Women's world cup @ 7pm, US vs. Germany and Copa America @ 7:30pm, Argentina vs. Paraguay. See you tonight!, Happy Monday Folks! $1.00 Oysters 3pm - 6pm!! 
Copa Cup Soccer on at 7:30pm
Red Sox are on tonight as is all MLB action all season long, Don't Let a Lil' rain ruin you 're SUNDAY!!!

C'mon down for a Delicious Bloody Mary from our Famous  Bloody Mary Bar. I Guarantee the Red Sox will play their game @ 1. Actually , it's in doors in Tampa. We will also be showing every other MLB game today and all season long. Hall & Oates Brunch til 3. Great Food , Music and Drink all day. Don't Miss Out !!!!!!!!!!!, Good Morning folks. C'mon down to Orleans. We will be serving Brunch til 3. Enjoy a Bloody Mary from our famous Bloody Mary Bar. We will be showing every MLB game all day long as well as Copa America tonight. Karaoke starts @ 10. Don't be late!!!!, Dinner Specials
Duck Spring Rolls
Two spring rolls mixed with cabbage, veggies, and duck served with a side of hoisin sauce
10
Lobster Risotto
Aborio risotto with mushrooms, spinach, and sweet peas served in a creamy garlic wine sauce.
20
Orleans Steak Frittes
Grilled flatiron steak served with house
 cut fries and onion rings in a green peppercorn sauce
17
Honey Jerk Chicken Burger
Ground chicken mixed with bacon and topped with pepper jack cheese and a honey jerk glaze
14, Back by popular demand and now even better! Tonight, we have 30 cent wings! Options include Orleans own sriracha wing sauce, honey hot, NOLA dry rub and bourbon molasses. Bone in or boneless available. Dress it up how you like it with one of our many hot sauces from the hot sauce table!, Dinner Specials

Stuffed Mushrooms
Fresh Crimini mushrooms stuffed with sautéed spinach and goat cheese
8
Grilled Swordfish 
Topped with a spicy soy and wasabi sauce, served with lo-mein noodle salad 
16
Orleans Steak Frittes
Grilled flatiron steak served with house cut fries, onion rings in a green peppercorn sauce
17

Drink Specials
Cool & Spicy Margarita
Jalapeno-infused Tequila, Cointreau, fresh lime juice, muddled cucumber, simple syrup
8
John Daly
Deep Eddy Sweet Tea Vodka, lemonade, fresh lemon juice, It's Tuesday and Tom Brady is going to need a drink after going at it with the Commish today! Maybe he will come here. Who knows? I do know we have $1.00 Malpeque Oysters till 6pm. Chef has a Stuffed Mushroom appetizer tonight. Beautiful crimini mushrooms filled with spinach and goat cheese. Chef has also put together 2 great entrees a grilled swordfish with a spicy lo mein noodle salad and Orleans steak frittes.
Davis Square is not closed down by the way We are OPEN and ready to serve!! Avoid Elm Street at all costs however.
Sox are on at 7pm! 
Don't worry about the weather either you'll be safe and sound down at the O!, null, Throwback Thursday's now featuring Live Entertainment with 80's Reunion! Playing all the great covers from the 80's. Dance / Sing a long or just sit back with some hair spray and that paisley shirt you've been waiting for bring back! Remember its also Wing Night back by popular demand .30 cent wings! Holy Cow that's like 80's Pricing!, Happy Monday! $1.00 Oysters 3:00 pm till 11:00 pm enjoy some on the Patio or watching Women's World Cup action.
Norway vs. England 5:00  pm
United States vs. Colombia 8:00 pm
All M.L.B. Action all the time!, Come in out of the rain!!

Join us today for our famous bloody mary bar and we will be serving brunch until 3pm. Lots of ice cold beer on tap and the Red Sox play the KC Royals @ 2:10., Happy Saturday Folks !

C'mon down and enjoy a Bloody Mary from our now famous Bloody Mary Bar. We will be serving Brunch til 3. We will also be running some specials all day and night. New England Lobster Roll w Fries & Slaw. Blackened Duck Tacos and a Delicious Grilled Swordfish dish. The U.S. Open 3rd round kicks off @ 2. We will also be showing Copa America with Argentina among the teams in action. Also, You're Boston Red Sox take on Kansas City tonight as well as every MLB game all season long. And Last, but not Least,  KARAOKE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  starts @ 10. C Ya Soon !!!!!!!!!, Specials
Blackened Duck Tacos
Two blackened duck tacos on corn tortillas topped with our cabbage coleslaw, sliced avocado, and our spicy Baja aioli
8
New England Lobster Roll
A grilled bun stuffed with fresh local lobster served with house coleslaw and House fries
 21
Grilled Swordfish
Served with sautéed spinach and sweet pea gnocchi in a lemon a jus 
18
Drink Specials
Cool & Spicy Margarita
Jalapeno-infused Tequila, Cointreau, fresh lime juice, muddled cucumber, simple syrup
8
John Daly
Deep Eddy Sweet Tea Vodka, lemonade, fresh lemon juice
8

Spring Wine Specials
Domaine de la Fruitiere Muscadet 2013 Loire, France 
Crisp, rich and floral with great minerality
Natural pairing for oysters and all Atlantic seafood
10. Glass / 36. Bottle

Hecht & Bannier Cotes de Provence, 2014 Provence, France 
Rose Grenache / Cinsalt / Syrah
Perfect for sipping on the patio. Fruity, crisp & fresh with flavors of cherry, peach, and strawberry. Ready to drink!
11. Glass / 39. Bottle

Jean Francois Merieau “Le Bois Jacou” Gamay  
2013 Touraine Loire, France 
A light bodied red that is the perfect summer sipper. Flavors of dark cherry, raspberry, cola and pomegranate with a long finish that pairs well with all meats, pastas or just by itself.
12. Glass / 44. Bottle, Back by popular demand and now even better! Starting tonight,  we will have 30 cent wings! Options include Orleans own sriracha wing sauce, honey hot, NOLA dry rub and bourbon molasses. Bone in or boneless available. Dress it up how you like it with one of our many hot sauces from the hot sauce table!, Back by popular demand and now even better! Starting Thursday, June 18th we will have 30 cent wings! Options include Orleans own sriracha wing sauce, honey hot, NOLA dry rub and bourbon molasses. Bone in or boneless available. Dress it up how you like it with one of our many hot sauces from the hot sauce table!, Back by popular demand and now even better! Starting Thursday, June 18th we will have 30 cent wings! Options include Orleans own sriracha wing sauce, honey hot, NOLA dry rub and bourbon molasses. Bone in or boneless available. Dress it up how you like it with one of our many hot sauces from the hot sauce table!, Red Sox have ended the skid! Blackhawks Won! Now can Goldenstate take down the self professed "best player in the world"??? Come down to Orleans to find out. We have Women's World Cup! Copa Cup Soccer. College WorldSeries Baseball! You name it it is happening at the O!
Jorge has Crispy Shrimp tossed in sweet chili sauce and a North Carolina pulled pork sandwich. Perfect for gametime!, $1.00 Oysters 3-11:00 pm! Chef has great specials as well! Carne Asada with black beans and corn tortillas and a pulled pork sandwich with slaw and onion rings. We have all MLB games all season long! Inter=League action  Sox vs. Braves 7:10 pm
NHL Stanley Cup Blackhawks vs Lightning 9:00pm
Women's World Cup 4:00 pm & 7:30 pm 
If you don't see it let us know and we will get it on t.v. for you. Orleans wants to be your place to catch all the games!, Come on Down !!!!!!!

What a beautiful Sunday. Sunny and 75 !  Our Patio is open. Our Giant windows are open . Brunch til 3, Bloody Mary Bar, Ice Cold Beer, every MLB Game, England soccer Match at noon, NBA finals tonight, Great Music, Oysters. Whew, I am outta breath. What a day tho. C'mon down !!!!!!!!, Happy Saturday Folks!

C'mon down and enjoy a Bloody Mary from our now famous Bloody Mary Bar. Brunch will be served til 3 pm. The Red Sox are on @ 1:30, but come anyway. We can commiserate together !!!! We also have every MLB game all season long . The NHL stanley Cup finals are tonight which leads us to KARAOKE @ 10. That's right , KARAOKE @ 10. See ya soon !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, Dinner Specials

Seared Tuna Wraps
Wrapped in Iceberg lettuce, with spicy soy wasabi cream sauce and a citrus cole slaw
10
Roasted Eggplant Ravioli 
Roasted eggplant, shallots, sweet peas, in a homemade marinara sauce 
16
Carne Asada.
Grilled flat iron steak, peppers, onions, rice, black beans, Pico De Gallo, corn tortilla
17
North Carolina Pulled Pork Sandwich
Swiss cheese, onion rings, cole slaw, Portuguese sweet roll
14, Throwback Thursday's all the best from the 80's and 90's with DJ Scott Arrington. Mike and Abre on the bar. Come down to the O where there is never a cover, but always a good time.
All MLB action plus NBA Championships. Can Lebron do it? Hope not. Come down and root for or against the self proclaimed King!, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won!

Spring Wine Specials

Domaine de la Fruitiere Muscadet 2013 Loire, France 
Crisp, rich and floral with great minerality
Natural pairing for oysters and all Atlantic seafood
10. Glass / 36. Bottle

Hecht & Bannier Cotes de Provence, 2014 Provence, France 2014
Rose Grenache / Cinsalt / Syrah
Perfect for sipping on the patio. Fruity, crisp & fresh with flavors of cherry, peach, and strawberry. Ready to drink!
11. Glass / 39. Bottle

Jean Francois Merieau “Le Bois Jacou” Gamay  
2013 Touraine Loire, France 
A light bodied red that is the perfect summer sipper. Flavors of dark cherry, raspberry, cola and pomegranate with a long finish that pairs well with all meats, pastas or just by itself.
12. Glass / 44. Bottle, To all who have been disappointed about the sudden lack of Karaoke at Orleans do not fret! This Saturday Karaoke will be back better then ever. Stay tuned more details to follow., Monday and as we always do $1.00 Oysters till 11:00pm. Chef has a house made hummus platter with pita chips and fresh veggies and a Fisherman's Platter with potato salad and coleslaw. Mike is on the stick with NHL Stanley Cup action and our Boston Red Sox are back in the race with a a weekend sweep. We will have the Sox and all MLB action tonight and all season long, SUNDAY really is FUNDAY !!!

It's a gorgeous spring Sunday. Enjoy a cocktail on our Sun-Drenched Patio . Perhaps a Bloddy Mary from our Famous Bloddy Mary Bar. Brunch is served til 3 today. Also, the Red Sox take on Oakland at 1:30.  We will also be showing every MLB game all season long. Later tonight @ 8, the NBA finals continue, LeBron v. Golden State. When it comes down to it folks. We really do have everything you need today right here., Happy Saturday Folks!

C'mon down and join us for Brunch til 3. Enjoy a Bloddy Mary from our Famous Bloddy Mary Bar. We will be showing the Champions League Final between Barcelona and Juventus @ 2:30. Come watch American Pharoh go for the Triple Crown @ 5:30. Then it's the Stanley Cup finals @ 7 as well as the Sox @ 4 and every MLB game all year long. It's an Action Packed Saturday. Don't miss out !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, Dinner Specials

Pan Seared Duck Breast
Roasted red bliss potatoes, asparagus, port wine reduction
20

Stuffed Pork Tenderloin
Prosciutto, mozzarella, mashed potatoes, sautéed spinach, mushroom gravy
18

Seafood Risotto
Shallots, mushrooms, sweet peas, lobster, scallops, lemon au jus
22
Desserts
Strawberry Rhubarb Pie
& 
Black & White Mousse Cake
7
Spring Wine Specials

Domaine de la Fruitiere Muscadet 2013 Loire, France 
Crisp, rich and floral with great minerality
Natural pairing for oysters and all Atlantic seafood
10. Glass / 36. Bottle

Hecht & Bannier Cotes de Provence, 2014 Provence, France 2014
Rose Grenache / Cinsalt / Syrah
Perfect for sipping on the patio. Fruity, crisp & fresh with flavors of cherry, peach, and strawberry. Ready to drink!
11. Glass / 39. Bottle

Jean Francois Merieau “Le Bois Jacou” Gamay  
2013 Touraine Loire, France 
A light bodied red that is the perfect summer sipper. Flavors of dark cherry, raspberry, cola and pomegranate with a long finish that pairs well with all meats, pastas or just by itself.
12. Glass / 44. Bottle, We are now pouring Lunch!, Its a grey rainy Tuesday, perfect for Orleans Mussels sauteed with fresh lobster meat, garlic, tomatoes, and basil in a lobster broth with grilled crostini. Try that with a cold draft beer or a nice glass of wine and you can forget the weather outside because it is warm and friendly down here on Holland Street. Chef also has Butternut squash ravioli in a maple butter sauce and a fresh house made hummus plate with pita and fresh vegetable for dipping., Come On Down to Orleans and try our Delicious Brunch Menu!
10 am- 3 pm, HAPPY SATURDAY FOLKS !!!

Come and enjoy a delicious Bloddy Mary from our Famous Bloddy Mary bar. In Fact, have one out on our beautiful Patio. We will be serving brunch til 3. Come on down and enjoy every MLB game today. We have a HUGE game 7 in the NHL playoffs tonight, Chicago v. Anaheim. Dinner and Dancing tonight as well. Obviously, you have to get here !!!!!!, Dinner Specials
Stuffed Fried Green Tomatoes
Fried Green Tomato stuffed with mozzarella, fresh basil and parmesan marinara sauce.
7
 Sirloin Chimichuri Sandwich
Grilled sirloin steak topped with pickled red onion, lettuce, tomato and fresh chimichurri. Served with Tater Tots and Siracha Ketchup
14
Bolognese
Pork, beef, and veal Bolognese with fresh linguine from Dave’s Pasta
16
Desserts
Strawberry Rhubarb Pie
& 
Black & White Mousse Cake
7
Spring Wine Specials

Domaine de la Fruitiere Muscadet 2013 Loire, France 
Crisp, rich and floral with great minerality
Natural pairing for oysters and all Atlantic seafood
10. Glass / 36. Bottle

Hecht & Bannier Cotes de Provence, 2014 Provence, France 2014
Rose Grenache / Cinsalt / Syrah
Perfect for sipping on the patio. Fruity, crisp & fresh with flavors of cherry, peach, and strawberry. Ready to drink!
11. Glass / 39. Bottle

Jean Francois Merieau “Le Bois Jacou” Gamay  
2013 Touraine Loire, France 
A light bodied red that is the perfect summer sipper. Flavors of dark cherry, raspberry, cola and pomegranate with a long finish that pairs well with all meats, pastas or just by itself.
12. Glass / 44. Bottle, Some New things happening at Orleans
Throwback Thursday featuring DJ Scott Arrington Spinning the sounds of the 80's & 90's Dance Drink and have a Blast!!
This Friday We Feature The One & Only Subway DJ spinning Progressive House and Trap. You may have seen this talent at Park Street Station or Central Square. Well we are giving a home base Friday 10 pm till close Come down and Dance the night away!!!, Celebrate Memorial Day at Orleans! NHL & NBA Playoff Action will be on the T.V.'s 
$1.00 Oysters till 11:00pm tonight!!!
Patio is Open! New Seasonal Beers! Wine Specials!
Mike is on the Stick!, PARADE PARTY !!!!!!!

Yes, that's right folks. C'mon down to Orleans tioday for the best view of the State's largest Memorial Day Parade. Enjoy a cocktail from our Patio or open windows inside while you watch the Parade go by honoring our Vets and active Service Men and Women. Brunch will be served til 3. We will also be showing all EPL matches @ 10 and every MLB game including the Sox @ 1. Catch the NHL and NBA playoffs tonight . Happy Memorial Day !, Happy Memorial Day Weekend !!!

After a long cold winter, what better way to celebrate Memorial Day weekend than having a nice Bloddy Mary from our Bloddy Mary Bar out on our Sun-Drenched Patio. We will be serving Brunch til 3. Catch all the NHL and NBA playoff games here as well as every MLB game all year long., Today's Oysters are from Washburn and are only $1.00 3:00 till 6:00 pm! 
Grown in Waquoit Bay in Washburn Island off the coast of Falmouth, Massachusetts – Cape Cod, these medium sized oysters offer plump firm meats that are sweet, briny and pack a nice mineral finish.
The Sun is Out & the Patio is Open., Come on down for Throw Back Thursdays
Tonight at 9 pm with all your favorite 90's Rock, Pop, Funk and Hip Hop. Celebrating the hits of the past with DJ Scott Arrington. 
Come Down drink, Dance and Celebrate the 90's at Orleans., Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won!

Dinner Specials

Chef Jorge’s Seafood Jambalaya
Fresh local mussels, fish, and Gulf shrimp in a spicy Jambalaya with Spanish rice
12

 Lobster Roll
Fresh local lobster, buttered brioche roll, Orleans hand cut fries and cole slaw
20

Bone In Rib Eye
In a brandy peppercorn sauce with scallion mashed potato, and sautéed Brussels sprouts,
22

Spring Wine Specials
Domaine de la Fruitiere Muscadet 2013 Loire, France 
Crisp, rich and floral with great minerality
Natural pairing for oysters and all Atlantic seafood
10. Glass / 36. Bottle

Hecht & Bannier Cotes de Provence, 2014 Provence, France 2014
Rose Grenache / Cinsalt / Syrah
Perfect for sipping on the patio. Fruity, crisp & fresh with flavors of cherry, peach, and strawberry. Ready to drink!
11. Glass / 39. Bottle

Jean Francois Merieau “Le Bois Jacou” Gamay  
2013 Touraine Loire, France 
A light bodied red that is the perfect summer sipper. Flavors of dark cherry, raspberry, cola and pomegranate with a long finish that pairs well all meats, burgers or just by itself.
12. Glass / 44. Bottle, The day is grey but don't stay away, Chef Jorge has been busier in the kitchen then Bobby Flay! Chef Jorge’s Seafood Jambalaya is out of this world, but he also has an amazing Lobster Roll (see below) and a bone in Rib -Eye in a brandy peppercorn sauce. We got wine specials / New Seasonal Brews on Tap / and the Sox are back at Fenway for some Home Cookin'! So come down to Orleans and let Jorge cook you something nice while checking out the Sox and NBA Playoffs. Kevin McHale's Rockets take on Stephen Curry's Golden State Warriors... Warriors come out to plaaaayyyy! Don't Forget Throwback Thursdays this week we go back to the 90's., Orleans is currently hiring servers. Interested parties please respond to abre@orleansrestaurant.com or come down and apply in person., $1.00 Oysters from 3-11 pm today. Oysters are grown in Waquoit Bay in Washburn Island off the coast of Falmouth, Massachusetts – Cape Cod, these medium sized oysters offer plump firm meats that are sweet, briny and pack a nice mineral finish. Try some with a cold brew from are rotating seasonal bottle and draught beer selections or with one of spring wine specials. We have Domaine de la Fruitiere, Muscadet Loire, France 
Crisp, rich and floral with great minerality a natural pairing for oysters, and its Rose season and we have Hecht & Bannier's Cotes de Provence Perfect for sipping on the patio. Fruity, crisp & fresh with flavors of cherry, peach, and strawberry. Patio is open.
The bar will feature N.H.L Playoffs and MLB action get down to Orleans for all the FUN!!, Brunch Specials

Fried Green Tomato Benedict
English muffin, poached eggs, hollandaise, homefries
12

 Lobster Roll
Fresh local lobster, buttered brioche roll
22

Bone In Rib Eye
Potatoes Au gratin, sautéed Brussels sprouts,
26

Drink Specials

Spring Wine Specials
Domaine de la Fruitiere Muscadet Loire, France 2013 
Crisp, rich and floral with great minerality
Natural pairing for oysters and all Atlantic seafood
10. Glass / 36. Bottle

Hecht & Bannier Cotes de Provence Provence, France 2014
Rose Grenache / Cinsalt / Syrah
Perfect for sipping on the patio. Fruity, crisp & fresh with flavors of cherry, peach, and strawberry. Ready to drink!
11. Glass / 39. Bottle

Jean Francois Merieau “Le Bois Jacou” Gamay  
Touraine Loire, France 2013
A light bodied red that is the perfect summer sipper. Flavors of dark cherry, raspberry, cola and pomegranate that pair well all meats, burgers or just by itself.
12. Glass / 44. Bottle, Happy Saturday Folks !

C'mon down and enjoy a Bloddy Mary from Bloddy Mary Bar. We will be serving Brunch til 3. Our beautiful patio is open . Catch all the action here today as well including all EPL matches, the NHL playoffs @ 1 (Rangers v. Tampa Bay) and every MLB game. That all leads up to The Preakness at 6. Come watch American Pharoh  
go for the second leg of the Triple Crown. Sox @ 9 and Karaoke starts @ 10. What a day !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, Dinner Specials

Appetizer
Sriracha Shrimp Boats
8 Pouched shrimp, pineapple salsa, Belgium Endive Leaves
12

Entrees
Beef Tournedos 
Beef Tenderloin, bacon mashed potatoes, garlic Brussels sprouts, red wine mushroom sauce
23

 Tomato Basil Salmon 
Pan Seared Salmon, sliced tomato, fresh basil, parmesan cheese, Mediterranean salad
18

Spring Wine Specials
Domaine de la Fruitiere Muscadet Loire, France 2013 
Crisp, rich and floral with great minerality
Natural pairing for oysters and all Atlantic seafood
10. Glass / 36. Bottle

Hecht & Bannier Cotes de Provence Provence, France 2014
Rose Grenache / Cinsalt / Syrah
Perfect for sipping on the patio. Fruity, crisp & fresh with flavors of cherry, peach, and strawberry. Ready to drink!
11. Glass / 39. Bottle

Jean Francois Merieau “Le Bois Jacou” Gamay  
Touraine Loire, France 2013
A light bodied red that is the perfect summer sipper. Flavors of dark cherry, raspberry, cola and pomegranate that pair well all meats, burgers or just by itself.
12. Glass / 44. Bottle, Girls and Boys Please come down to Orleans for Throwback Thursday 9:00 pm to 1:00 am. Tonight DJ Paul Nasty Natale will feature all your favorite hits of the 80's!! From Pop to Hip Hop, Disco to Funk and Rock to Power Ballads DJ Paul will play them all. We will have specials and 80's Trivia questions to test your knowledge of the time and if your good you will take home some prizes. Last week we featured the 90's and Miller Lite came down and hooked up the crew this week let it be you!, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won!

 Dinner Specials

Appetizer
Arancini
Crispy, golden risotto balls stuffed with beef, pork and mozzarella in a fresh marinara sauce
10
Entrees
Seared Sesame Tuna
Fresh tuna rolled in sesame and pan seared, and then served over lo mein noodles with Asian vegetables in spicy soy, wasabi crème
17
Chicken Pappardelle 
Grilled Chicken breast sautéed with asparagus, fresh garlic, shallots and tomatoes served with fresh pappardelle in a lemon caper sauce
16
Drink Special
 Cool & Spicy Margarita
Jalapeno-infused Tequila, Cointreau, fresh lime juice, muddled cucumber, lime juice, simple syrup & house sour 
10
Spring Wine Specials
Domaine de la Fruitiere Muscadet Loire, France 2013 
Crisp, rich and floral with great minerality
Natural pairing for oysters and all Atlantic seafood
10. Glass / 36. Bottle

Hecht & Bannier Cotes de Provence Provence, France 2014
Rose Grenache / Cinsalt / Syrah
Perfect for sipping on the patio. Fruity, crisp & fresh with flavors of cherry, peach, and strawberry. Ready to drink!
11. Glass / 39. Bottle

Jean Francois Merieau “Le Bois Jacou” Gamay  
Touraine Loire, France 2013
A light bodied red that is the perfect summer sipper. Flavors of dark cherry, raspberry, cola and pomegranate that pair well all meats, burgers or just by itself.
12. Glass / 44. Bottle, UEFA Champions League Semi-Final Match underway!! 
Chef has golden stuffed arancini in marinara. Pan seared sesame tuna over lo-mein. Its May and we have Rose. Pairs well with the tuna by the way. Blue Point Oyster 3pm-6pm $1.00. Pairs grand with Muscadet from Loire, France. 
Tonight come down and see if the Sox can make it 2 in a row againt the A's. Mookie is Hot and the beers are cold. 
Don't forget "Throwback Thursday" every week at 9:00pm, UEFA Champions League Semi-Final Match at 2:45pm!!
FC Bayern München vs. FC Barcelona
Check out of work early and catch all the action at Orleans., Happy Tuesday, we have fun brewing down at the O. Summer wine specials to lively up your palette and get you juiced up for fun in the Ville.

Domaine de la Fruitiere Muscadet Loire, France 2013 
Crisp, rich and floral with great minerality
Natural pairing for oysters, great with all Atlantic seafood

Hecht & Bannier Cotes de Provence  Rose Provence, France 2014 Its Rose Season get it while it lasts...
Grenache/ Cinsalt / 
Perfect for sipping on the patio. Fruity, crisp & fresh with flavors of cherry, peach, and strawberry. Ready to drink!

Jean Francois Merieau “Le Bois Jacou” Gamay 2013 
Touraine Loire, France
100% Gamay a light red, perfect summer sipper,  flavors of dark cherry, cola and raspberry. Pairs well with any pork, bacon or even a burger out the patio or watching the Sox at the bar., Girls and Boys Please come down to Orleans forThrowback Thursday 9:00pm to 1:00am. This week DJ Paul Nasty Natale will feature all your favorite hits of the 80's!! From Pop to Hip Hop, Disco to Funk and Rock to Power Ballads DJ Paul will play them all. we will have specials and 80's Trivia questions to test your knowledge of the time and if your good you will take home some prizes. Last week we featured the 90's and Miller Lite came down and hooked up the crew this week let it be you!, It's Monday again... Why not come down to Orleans for $1.00 Blue Points all day. Great oysters and why not have a great beer? The long awaited Sam Adams Summer Ale is here to wash them down? Chef has some Line caught local Cod and Tuna Ceviche for a special treat. We will have Red Sox and NBA Playoffs action on the T.V.'s with Mike  behind the bar. If you you prefer being outside it is a great night for the Patio. Hope to see you at Orleans TooNight!!!, HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY !!!!!

Orleans would like to wish all the Mom's out there the Happiest of Mother's day's. Bring Mom down for a nice Bloddy Mary from our Bloddy Mary Bar, or perhaps a Mimosa or Bellini. Oh yea, we also have some wonderful food options. Brunch til 3 and here are our specials. 

Mother’s Day Menu

Appetizer

Tuna Ceviche
Served on a Belgium Endive
8

Entrees

New England Baked Cod
Long Line Cod topped with cracker crumb served with rice pilaf & asparagus
19

Berries & Cream Waffle
Fresh Belgium Waffle topped with a assortment of berries & fresh cream
12

Dessert
Black & White Mouse Cake
7

Drink Special
 Cool & Spicy Margarita
Jalapeno-infused Tequila, Cointreau, fresh lime juice, muddled cucumber, lime juice, simple syrup & house sour 
10

We will slso be showing the Red Sox @ 1;30, as well as every MLB game and all the NHL and NBA playoff action!!!!!, Happy Saturday ALL !!!!

C'mon down and join us for brunch til 3. Enjoy our Famous Bloddy Mary Bar . The sun will be out and shining bright on our patio today. I Guarantee it !!!!  We have the Red Sox @ 1 as well as every other MLB game and the NHL and NBA playoff game. We will also be showing every EPL Match including MAN U. @ 12;30. Karaoke kicks off @ 10.  See ya soon !!!!!, Mother's Day Is Coming.....Don't wait till the last minute, make your reservation today! Call 617-591-2100
    

Mother’s Day Menu

Appetizer
Tuna Ceviche
Served on a Belgium Endive
8

Entrees
New England Baked Cod
Long Line Cod topped with cracker crumb served with rice pilaf & asparagus
19
Berries & Cream Waffle
Fresh Belgium Waffle topped with a assortment of berries & fresh cream
12

Dessert
Black & White Mouse Cake
7, Kicking off Thursday May 7th at 9 pm with all your favorite 90's Rock, Pop, Funk and HipHop. Throwback Thursdays at Orleans celebrating the hits of the past with DJ Scott Arrington. 
Come Down drink, Dance and Celebrate the  90's at Orleans., Cinco de Mayo, Cerveza Fiesta at Orleans. Chef Jorge has created some festive treats for everyone so come on down to el Orleans for Jorge's Jalapeno Guacomole with freshly cut corn tortillas, Blackened fish tacos and Steak & Fish fajitas. At the bar we have Buckets of Coronitas, and Cool & Spicy Margaritas as well as Corona on draft and botlle. The Patio Is Open!! "Arriba arriba andele arriba yeppa!!" What are you waiting for?, Quatro de Mayo why wait for Cinco start now with a bucket of 6 Coronitas on ice only $12.00!! Chef has Fried Green Tomatoes, Chicken Fried Steak and Bolognese over Pappardelle. We have $1.00 Blue Point Oysters all night. Mike will have the Sox vs Tampa and NHL and NBA playoffs on the TV's., Quatro de Mayo why wait for Cinco start now with a bucket of 6 Coronitas on ice only $12.00!! Chef has Fried Green Tomatoes, Chicken Fried Steak and Bolognese over Pappardelle. We have $1.00 Blue Point Oysters all night. Mike will have the Sox vs Tampa and NHL and NBA playoffs on the TV's., Come On Down to Orleans and try our Delicious  Brunch Menu!
 10 am- 3 pm, Happy Derby Day !!!

C'mon down and join us today. One of the Best Saturday's of the year. Brunch goes from 10 to 3, including our Bloddy Mary Bar and sun-drenched Patio. The NHL playoffs kick off at 12:30, Rangers v. Caps. The EPL starts @ 10, showing all Matches. The Red Sox take on that team from New York ( can't recall their name ), @ 1;30 . But it all leads up to the Kentucky Derby. Come try some of our Bourbon Cocktails and Don't forget our Best Hat Contest !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  See ya soon., Derby Day is coming Saturday and we got  exciting Bourbon Cocktails and Dinner Specials to help you celebrate your horse coming in or to drown your sorrows. Cherry& Peach Bourbon Smash / Mint Julep / Fox & Hounds!

Chicken & Biscuit Sliders
3 buttermilk biscuits topped with spicy fried chicken, country gravy and cheese

Fried Green Tomato & Crab Melt
Crab Salad, lettuce, crisp green tomato, tabasco aioli, brioche bread

Chicken Fried Steak
Mashed potatoes, green beans, peppered country gravy

Bacon Mac & Cheese

 Also Ladies wear your best Kentucky Derby Bonnet (Hat) during the derby and Best as voted by us at Orleans wins a gift certificate to Orleans!, Today's Oysters are from Blue Point and are only $1.00 3:00 till 6:00 pm! Wild Oysters from Norwalk, Connecticut in Long Island sound, these medium to large oysters offer firm meats, mild briny flavor and complex flavors of both mineral and grass with a crisp finish.
The Sun is Out & the Patio is Open., One of our Chef's specials tonight!

Grilled Flat Bread
Topped with hummus, cucumber, tomato, red onion, olives and feta, Tuesday night and we got  MLB and NBA Action! Sox are on at 6:00pm C'mon Down. Chef has Mushroom Risotto, Fried Clams, and Popcorn Shrimp for Specials.
Derby Day is Saturday Drinks specials and Best Hat Contest for the Lady with the best Kentucky Derby Hat will win an Orleans Gift Certificate. What better excuse to get out of the house and drink bourbon on a Saturday afternoon., Happy Monday, Alright I know the Celts lost and the Sox forgot pitching is an important part of baseball, but here at Orleans we haven't stopped having a good time. Mike is on the bar and Chef has Fried Local Clams / Popcorn Shrimp and Mushroom Risotto all on the menu tonight. Do Not Forget all the games are on and Mikes got them dialed in on all the right T.V.'s! 
Derby Day is coming this Saturday and we got 3 exciting Bourbon Cocktails to help you celebrate your horse coming in or to drown your sorrows. Cherry& Peach Bourbon Smash / Mint Julep / Fox & Hounds! Also Ladies wear your best Kentucky Derby Bonnet (Hat) during the derby and Best as voted by us at Orleans wins a gift certificate to Orleans!, Good Morning folks !

C'mon down to Orleans today and watch the C's playoff game @ 1. Boston Red Sox v. Baltimore @ 1:30. We will be serving Brunch til 3 and our Famous Bloddy Mary Bar is open as well as our patio. Chelsea and Arsenal @ 11 . Also, we have  Plenty of NBA and NHL playoff games to wet you re whistle to .  It's an ACTION PACKED DAY here baby !  Don't miss out !!!!, HAPPY SATURDAY !

Join us for brunch til 3. A little chilly out but our patio is open and sun-drenched. Enjoy our Bloddy Mary Bar. We will be showing all NHL and NBA playoff games today, as well as all MLB and  EPL matches, including MAN CITY @ 12:30.  Karaoke @ 10 tonight., Dinner Specials

Fried Pickles
Served with a side of chipotle aioli.
7
  

Pan Seared Mahi Mahi
Served with sweet pea risotto, baby carrots in a lemon wine pan sauce
 18

Chicken Marsala
Mashed Potatoes, sautéed mushrooms and spinach
16, One of our Chef's specials tonight!
Pan Seared Mahi Mahi
Served with sweet pea risotto, baby carrots in a lemon wine pan sauce
 18, Come into Orleans this afternoon and enjoy one of our $10 lunch specials
Asian Noodle Bowl
Lo Mein noodles, chicken, shrimp and Asian vegetables in a sriracha chicken broth, Chef Jorge and Orlean's own Lovable Mixologist Mikey Cotter have teamed up to bring you some Spicy Specials; Jorge's Blackened Fish Tacos with Black Beans, Spanish Rice and Baja Aioli & Mike's Jalapeno Infused Margarita. Perfect on the Patio or checking out the Sox & Celts!, Come down to Orleans for a Cool & Spicy Jalapeno-Infused Margarita and Cheer our local teams to Victory!!! We have Victory Double Imperial IPA on Draft and the Sox will battle the Rays, while the Celts try to even things up with King James and the Cavaliers. 
Today's Oysters are from Sandy Neck and are only$1.00 3:00 till 6:00pm !
The Sun is Out & the Patio is Open., Happy Marathon Monday folks ! C'mon down and join us for a post race celebration . $1 Sandy Neck oysters til 10. We will also be showing every NHL and NBA  playoff game as well as all  MLB games tonight., HAPPY SUNDAY !!!!!!!!!!!!

It's a beautiful Spring Sunday morning . We will be serving Brunch from 10 to 3. Enjoy a Bloddy Mary to get yourself prepped for the BIG Celtics playoff game at 3 vs Lebron. Yes, that's right, CELTICS PLAYOFF GAME ! Our patio is open. The Red sox take on Baltimore at 2. We will also be showing all the NHL playoff games that kick off at noon. Sunday can be a really Funday!!!!, Gooooooooooood Morning Somerville!!!!!! 
C'mon down to Orleans for brunch today. Enjoy our Bloddy Mary Bar. Grab a table on our Sun-Drenched Patio. You 're 1st place Boston Red Sox take the feild @ 4. Showing all EPL games including a HUGE match @ 12 30, Chelsea v. Manchester United. We will also be showing ALL the NHL and NBA playoff games as well as every MLB game all year long ! Karaoke starts @ 10 pm. What a Spring Saturday !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, Try of our Rotating Beers

Bluepoint Mosaic IPA (NY) 5.0%
Light, straw-colored, West Coast version that showcases serious aroma. It features Mosaic, Simcoe, and Centennial hops that lend strong tropical fruit characteristics to a light body and dry finish

Jack’s Abby Hoponius Union (MA) 6.7%
A blend of classic American hops creates a huge tropical fruit and citrusy hop aroma. A dry finish accentuates the pleasant bitterness and hop profile

Downeast Cider (Gluten-free) (MA) 5.1%

Goose Island IPA (IL) 5.9%
Fruity aroma, set off by a dry malt middle, and long hop finish

Troegs Perpetual IPA (PA) 7.5%
Straw in color and bittered with an abundance of citrus and spicy hops

Sam Adams Lager (MA) 4.8%
Offers a full, rich flavor that is both balanced and complex

Harpoon IPA (MA) 5.9%
This copper colored ale is floral, medium bodied, with a crisp, refreshing finish

Sam Adams 26.2 (MA) 4.5%
A Gose style brew offers a lighter body with light cereal notes from malted and unmalted wheat, rounded out by a spicy, peppery character with a soft mineral quality from a touch of salt

Blue Moon Belgian White (CO) 5.4%

Sam Rebel IPA (MA) 6.5%
Big citrus & grapefruit flavors with subtle pine notes for a flavorful refreshing brew

Baxter Stowaway IPA (ME) 6.9%
Bold, complex flavors with a solid malt backbone and assertive hop profile; crisp, clean, hoppy finish

Ballast Point Sculpin IPA (CA) 7.0%
Five stages of hops with hints of apricot, peach, mango and lemon flavors

Ballast Point Grapefruit Sculpin (CA)7.0%
The latest take on our signature IPA, the tart freshness of grapefruit perfectly complements our IPA’s citrusy hop character 

Green Flash Double IPA (CA) 8.1%
A double IPA with a tantalizing menagerie of hops, tropical & grapefruit zest, and pine notes with a floral aroma 

Ithaca Flower Power IPA (NY) 7.5%
Enjoy the clover honey hue and tropical nose. Punchy and soothing with a big body and a finish that that boasts pineapple and grapefruit, Come down to Orleans from 3-6pm and enjoy $1 oysters from Sandy Neck while they last,  Sandy Neck Oysters are available seasonally, from early Spring to mid-winter. They grow in the cooler waters of Barnstable Harbor in cages and bags off the ground, giving them a briny flavor and more delicate shell., One of our Chef's specials tonight
Pastrami Burger
8oz. Ground beef topped with black pastrami, 
Swiss Cheese & whole grain mustard
Served on a pretzel bun, Its a beautiful day at Orleans and we have the patio open! Come on in and enjoy a Sam Adams 26.2 A Gose style brew offers a lighter body with light cereal notes from malted and unmalted wheat, rounded out by a spicy, peppery character with a soft mineral quality from a touch of salt.
Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won!, Come down to Orleans from 3-6pm and enjoy $1 oysters from Washburn while they last, or try one of our Dinner Specials:

Tater Tot Fondue 
Tater Tots & Scallion Cheese Fondue 
7
  
Pastrami Sandwich
Black Pastrami, Pepper Jack topped with Creamy Coleslaw on  Brioche with Fries or Salad
14

Blackened Tilapia
Spanish Rice, Refried Beans, Smoked Avocado side of Corn Tortilla Chips
 16, Come on down and watch the Red Sox home opener and enjoy $1 Oysters while they last!
Todays oysters are from Washburn:
Grown in Waquoit Bay in Washburn Island off the coast of Falmouth, Massachusetts – Cape Cod, these medium sized oysters offer plump firm meats that are sweet, briny and pack a nice mineral finish., Hi Folks ! C'mon down. The Patio is open and Sun-Drenched ! We will be serving brunch til 3 . Check out our Bloddy Mary Bar as well. Watch the Red Sox take on their Arch Rivals The New York Yankees @1. We will also  be showing all other MLB games as well as Full 3rd round Masters coverage. Bruins @ 7 and the NCAA Men's hockey final ( BU v. Providence) . Karaoke starts @ 10. It's an action packed SPRING SATURDAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, One of our Chefs specials tonight!!
Fried Clams
Tarter sauce and side salad, Come in from the cold this afternoon and enjoy one of our $10 lunch specials
Asian Noodle Bowl
Lo Mein noodles, chicken, shrimp and Asian vegetables in a sriracha chicken broth, One of our Chefs specials tonight!!
Scotch Egg
Hard boiled egg wrapped in chorizo, peppered bacon then coated in panko bread crumbs and served with sriracha and Dijon mustard
Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won!, Come down and try our new $10 Lunch Specials!
Available Monday-Friday 11am - 3pm

French Dip
Thinly sliced beef, burgundy onions, and melted gruyere cheese on a French baguette with au jus on the side and french fries

Asian Noodle Bowl
Lo Mein noodles, chicken, shrimp and Asian vegetables in a sriracha chicken broth

BBQ PLatter
Pork ribs, pulled pork, French fries and coleslaw

Truffle Mac ‘n Cheese
Spinach, wild mushrooms and truffle crumb topping

Seared Tuna Taco
Served with cabbage slaw, spicy soy, wasabi cream, and a side of greens 

Crispy Chicken Wraps
Breaded chicken, crisp lettuce, bacon, tomato, pepper jack cheese, chili aioli in a flour tortilla, Come check out our new menu and watch opening day MLB one one of our 14 HD tvs. Don't forget, it's Monday and we are serving $1 until we run out!, Happy Easter! Come spend your holiday with us and try one of our delicious brunch specials! Order a Bloody Mary, spice up, and make it your own at our Bloody Mary Bar!

Potato and Cheddar Soup 6
  
Maple Glazed Ham
Potato Gratin and Green Beans 15

Seafood Risotto 
Lobster, Scallops, Shrimp, Mushrooms,
Spinach and Sweet Peas 18, Hi folks. Come on down and join us for Brunch til 3. We are showing All English Premier League games today. Enjoy are new Brunch menu and Bloddy Mary Bar! We will get you ready for the NCAA Men's Basketball Final Four at 6. We will also be showing the Bruins @ 7 as well as other Key  NHL Matchups. Karaoke @10. What a Saturday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, Come in tonight and try one of our new menu items!
We have live music and 6pm and karaoke at 10pm., $6.00 Snacks
Korean Pork Buns
Korean BBQ, Pickled Veg, Mint, Cilantro

Gyro Beef Sliders
Lettuce, Tomato, Red Onion, Tzatziki sauce,
Naan Bread

Bucket of Bones
BBQ Pork Ribs, Hand Cut Fries

King’s Hawaiian Chicken Sliders
House Chicken Patties, Soft rolls,
jalapeño-pineapple salsa, pepper jack cheese

Pretzel Sticks
Sam Adams Cheese Dip, Its a beautiful day at Orleans and we have the patio open! Come on in and enjoy one of our great signature cocktails!, Join us at 8pm for Trivia and a chance win the $500 Jackpot and try one of our delicious menu items like the Pork Two Ways !, It's Monday and that means we are serving $1 oysters until we run out! Also, come in and try some of our new menu items including this delicious Heirloom and Burrata salad!, Come spend your Sunday Funday with us! Make a Bloody Mary your own at our Bloody Mary Bar and try one of our new brunch items!, Come On Down to Orleans and try our Delicious New Brunch  Menu!
Saturday and Sundays 10 am- 3 pm, Good Morning folks. Come on down and enjoy our Bloddy Mary Bar and New Brunch Menu. A nice Bloddy goes great with some Hash and Eggs ! Join Mike at the bar For a Huge Game @ 1 between The Bruins and Rival New York Rangers . The Madness returns @ 6 with Arizona v Wisconsin , then watch The Fighting Irish take out top seed Kentucky. That's right. We're calling the upset !!!!!!, Come On Down to Orleans and try our Delicious New Menu!, Come On Down to Orleans and try our Delicious New Menu!, Join Us For $1 Oysters from 3pm-6pm. Today's Oysters are from West Bay;
Farmed in the northern edge of Nantucket Sound in Cotuit, Massachusetts – Cape Cod these “original cape oysters” are small to medium oysters with elegant mild briny flavor, plump meats and creamy finish., One of our Chefs specials tonight!!
Two Shell Short Rib Tacos
Soft shells wrapped around crispy corn shells, Korean-style beef, red chili aioli, sweet & spicy cabbage slaw (2 per order)
10, Come in from the cold this afternoon and enjoy one of our 10 for $10 lunch specials, Come join us for March Madness and $1 oysters all night until we run out!, Serving Brunch from 10am-3pm. Come by for Sunday
Funday! We have some delicious brunch specials and a Make  Your Own Bloody Mary Bar. Bruins are playing at 5:00 and its March Madness!!, One of our Chefs specials tonight!!
Fried Chicken Banh mi
Lettuce, pickled vegetables, sweet & spicy sauce, mint, cilantro, baguette, One of our Chefs specials tonight!!
Bacon Cheeseburger Pizza
Tomato, bacon, onion, American cheese, ketchup, dill relish, mustard, lettuce, topped with hand-cut fries, Come On Down to Orleans and watch any Tournament game on one of our 15 Flat Screen TVs!, One of our Chefs specials tonight!!
BBQ Bacon Burger
Angus patty wrapped in black pepper bacon, with Vermont cheddar, onion rings, bourbon bbq, and jalapenos 

Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won!, We have $1 Washburn Island Oysters from 3-6 Pm! 

Washburn Oysters are Grown in Waquoit Bay in Washburn Island off the coast of Falmouth, Massachusetts – Cape Cod, these medium sized oysters offer plump firm meats that are sweet, briny and pack a nice mineral finish.

Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won!, NCAA Basketball Tournament- 
Two play-in games tonight:
* 6;40pm - Robert Morris vs. North Florida
* 9:10pm - Dayton vs. Boise State

Have you finished your bracket?  Who is your champion?, Come join us all day for Saint Patrick's Day Specials., Join Us Satrurday-Tuesday for our Delicious St. Patrick's Day Specials!, Today at Orleans!

C'mon down and enjoy a Bloody Mary with our  Bloody Mary condiment bar and a Traditional Irish Breakfast, 2 Eggs any style, White and Black Pudding, Sausage, Irish Bacon, Grilled Tomato, Mushrooms, Beans and Homefries  16. Also serving Traditional Corned Beef Dinner and Guiness Beef Stew all day!!!!  Bruins v. Penguins @ 1 and all NCAA Conference Tourney games., Tonight At Orleans!

Traditional Corned Beef Dinner 
Carrots, potatoes, turnips, cabbage
16, On the menu tonight at Orleans!

Seafood Curry
Mussels, Shrimp, Lo Mein noodles and green curry sauce, Join Us Sunday, Monday and Tuesday for our Delicious St. Patrick's Day Specials!, We are open for lunch!!!
Come grab a bite and watch some afternoon basketball!!
Over 60 games are being played today, Here are a few that we will be showing....
12:00pm - Florida St. vs. Virginia
12:00pm - UMass vs. La Salle
12:30pm - West Virginia vs. Baylor 
02:00pm - North Carolina vs. Louisville
02:30pm - Providence vs. St. John's, We have $1 Scorton Creek Oysters from Sandy Neck, West Barnstable until 6 Pm!

Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won!, Come in and check out our tasty Dinner specials tonight!!

Swordfish Taco
Crispy Swordfish, sweet & spicy slaw, remoulade sauce 
7

Deviled Mussels
PEI mussels, andouille sausage, Italian sausage, chorizo, spicy garlic wine, grilled crostini
12

Chicken Milanaze Salad
Caramelized pears, pomegranate, fried goat cheese, balsamic reduction over a mixed green salad
14

Pasta Primavera
Tomato, asparagus, shallots, mushrooms, sweet peas, light tomato sauce, angel hair pasta, parmesan cheese, Come in and check out our pasta specials tonight!!

Seafood Croquette with Fettuccine
Homemade seafood croquettes, sautéed shallots, asparagus, red peppers and cajun cream sauce over fettuccine
17

PEI Mussels
PEI mussels, spicy sausage, cherry tomatoes, shallots, and fresh basil in a curry sauce over angel hair pasta
16

Italian Sausage and Chicken Rigatoni
Sauteed chicken, Italian sausage, broccoli rabe, asparagus in a lemon white wine sauce over rigatoni
16

Beet and Potato Gnocchi 
Butternut squash, sweet peas and brussel sprouts served with a butter cream sauce
15, This afternoon at the Orleans...
* FA Cup Match - Manchester United vs. Arsenal @ 3:30pm., Come in today to make your own Bloody Mary at our Bloody Mary Condiment Bar and try one of our Brunch Specials!

Open Face Veggie Omelet
Spinach, mushrooms, peppers, onions, 
Goat cheese, home fries 14

Oscar Benedict
Two poached eggs, warm buttered lobster meat, grilled asparagus and hollandaise sauce on top of toasted    bagel halves and served with home fries 15, Longer days and warm weather are coming, folks!  Try our summery and delicious dinner specials, Seafood Croquettes and a Buffalo Chicken Burger!, Stop in tonight to try one of our Dinner Specials and listen to some live music from the band Barside!

Pear and Pomegranate Salad
Green Leaf Lettuce, fresh pears, pomegranate seeds, 
Goat cheese and honey Dijon pomegranate dressing 10

Fried Chicken
Jalapeno Mac & cheese, creamy coleslaw 16

10 oz Pork Chop
Bacon mashed potatoes, grilled asparagus
Brandy peppercorn cream sauce 18

Seafood Paella 
Grilled swordfish, shrimp, mussels
Onions, peppers, saffron rice 21

Basil Chicken & Shrimp over Angel Hair
Onions, fresh tomatoes, basil, 
garlic wine sauce & Parmesan cheese 15, Join us tonight for the Bruins game at 7pm and try one of our Dinner Specials!

Pear and Pomegranate Salad
Green Leaf Lettuce, fresh pears, pomegranate seeds, 
Goat cheese and honey Dijon pomegranate dressing 10

Fried Chicken
Jalapeno Mac & cheese, creamy coleslaw 16

10 oz Pork Chop
Bacon mashed potatoes, grilled asparagus
Brandy peppercorn cream sauce

Seafood Paella 
Grilled swordfish, shrimp, mussels
Onions, peppers, saffron rice 21

Basil Chicken & Shrimp over Angel Hair
Onions, fresh tomatoes, basil, 
garlic wine sauce & Parmesan cheese 15, Mark your calendars....The Madness is about to begin!!
Conference Tournaments starting this week and next. Is your team going to the Big Dance? Come cheer them on during their conference tournament. Be sure to make Orleans your College Basketball Headquarters!, Hey Folks. C'mon down and check out our 10 for $10 lunch specials today. Also, a full Board of Big afternoon soccer matches featuring MAN U., MAN CITY, CHELSEA and BARCELONA!!!!!  Enjoy some Ice cold brews and watch  World Class Soccer. What better way to spend a wednesday afternoon . To get you ready for spring, We will even have a lil Pre Season Baseball!!!!  Trivia tonight at 8., Pasta specials will be running the whole month of March. Here is what we have tonight:

Arincini
Risotto, bolognese filling with peas, mozzarella and tomato sauce
Truffled Gnocchi
Arugula, shallots, mushrooms, roasted potatoes, ricotta cheese, heavy cream, white truffle oil
Frutti DiMare
Calamari, lobster and mussels in your choice of a spicy marinara sauce or a garlic white wine sauce, over angel hair pasta
Chicken & Prosciutto Fettuccini 
Shallots, asparagus, sundried tomatoes and sweet peas in a garlic cream sauce
Beef, Pork and Veal Bolognese
Topped with parmesan cheese and served over rigatoni, Pasta specials start tonight and will be running the whole month of March. Here is what we have tonight:
Arincini
Risotto, bolognese filling with peas, mozzarella and tomato sauce

Truffled Gnocchi
Arugula, shallots, mushrooms, roasted potatoes, ricotta cheese, heavy cream, white truffle oil

Frutti DiMare
Calamari, lobster and mussels in your choice of a spicy marinara sauce or a garlic white wine sauce, over angel hair pasta

Chicken & Prosciutto Fettuccini 
Shallots, asparagus, sundried tomatoes and sweet peas in a garlic cream sauce

Beef, Pork and Veal Bolognese
Topped with parmesan cheese and served over rigatoni, LUNCH is on tap today!, Starting Monday night we will be running pasta specials for the whole month of March. Check out our Facebook posts to see what each day has in store! Tomorrow we will be featuring:
Truffled Gnocchi-
Arugula, shallots, mushrooms, roasted potatoes, ricotta cheese, heavy cream, white truffle oil
Chicken & Prosciutto Fettuccine-
Shallots, asparagus, sun dried tomatoes, sweet peas, garlic cream sauce
...as well as a few more. Combine that with Maine Brewing Company's Lunch and Sculpin Grapefruit and you have the perfect mid winter dinner., "The Oscar Benedict"
Two Poached Eggs, warm buttered lobster meat. Grilled Asparagus and Hollandaise sauce on top of toased bagel    halves and served with Home fries, Served at brunch til 3 pm today and tomorrow., Tonight's Dinner Specials:

Appetizer
New England Clam Chowder
7

Entrees

Beef, Pork and Veal Bolognese
Topped with Parmesan Cheese and served over Rigatoni
16

Marinated Sliced Flank Steak
Topped with a Red Wine Au Jus and served with Bacon Spinach and Potato Gnocchi 
17

Scallop Risotto
With Shallots, Mushrooms and Spinach in a White Wine Sauce
18, null, Join us tonight to try one of our Mardi Gras inspired Dinner Specials and Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won!

Crab Cakes
Served with side salad and Remoulade 
10

 Pimento Cheese Burger
Lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, side of jalapeño Macaroni  and cheese
14

Buttermilk Boneless Fried Chicken
 Mashed potatoes, country gravy, and bacon green beans, served with side of corn bread 
16

Creole Shrimp & Grits
Onions, peppers, celery, cajun cream sauce
16, Join Us Tonight 7:30-9:30 For A Two Roads Brewing Company Tap Take Over!, Join us tonight for $5 burgers!, Join us tonight for our Oscar party at 7pm!, Rotating Beer

Maine Beer Company Peeper Ale (ME) 5.5%
Dry, clean, well-balanced with generous dose of American hops.

Otter Creek Kind Ryed IPA (VT) 6.0%
Bold unfiltered rye IPA with 4 kinds of hops, and hints of pepper.

Miller Lite (WI) 4.1%

Ipswich Route 101 IPA (MA) 6.0%
Hop forward with a citrus-like punch and an understated malt backbone.

Baxter Stowaway IPA (ME) 6.9%
Bold, complex flavors with a solid malt backbone and a crisp, clean, hoppy finish

Jack’s Abby Hopstitution Oil (MA) 5.5%
This hopstitution batch uses Polaris and a new experimental hop. These two hop varieties have the highest concentration of hop oils available

Downeast Cider (Gluten-free) (MA) 5.1%

Harpoon IPA (MA) 5.9%
As the definitive New England-style IPA the citrus and pine of Cascade hops compliment a sturdy malt backbone and the fruity aromas of the yeast

Newburyport Pale Ale (MA) 5.5%
Refreshing, lightly carbonated and slightly citrus-y with a light toasted sweet malt finish

Notch Cerne Pivo (MA)  4.0%
Malty, toasty, and infinitely drinkable. While Cerne pours black, it trades the
high intensity roast and bitterness of a porter or stout for the mellow malty profile of a lager

Blue Moon Belgian White (CO) 5.4%
Subtly sweet with a smooth creamy finish 
  
Guiness Draught (Dublin) 4.1%

Magners Irish Cider (IRE) 4.5%

Stella Artois Cidre (MO) 4.5%

Ballast Point Sculpin IPA (CA) 7.0%
Five stages of hops with hints of apricot, peach, mango and lemon flavors.

Sierra Nevada Beer Camp (CA) 7.0%
American Double/Imperial pilsner 
Hoppy lager.

Green Flash Double IPA (CA) 8.1%
A double IPA with a tantalizing menagerie of hops, tropical & grapefruit zest, and pine notes with a floral aroma 

Sam Adams Boston Lager (MA) 4.9%
The original Sam Adams beer. Full flavored with a balance of malty sweetness contrasted by hop spiciness and a smooth finish

Sam Adams Cold Snap (MA) 5.3%
Medium-bodied yet refreshing ale with a complex floral, spicy aroma and character.

Lagunitas IPA (CA) 6.2%
Big on aroma with a hoppy sweet finish, Join us tonight to try one of our Mardi Gras inspired Dinner Specials and enjoy some live music from 6-9! 

Fried Soft Shell Crab
Served with side salad and Remoulade 7

Blackened Salmon 
Served with white rice & sautéed kale
Topped with mango salsa 18

Buttermilk Boneless Fried Chicken
 Mashed potatoes, country gravy, and bacon green beans, served with side of corn bread 16

Catfish Po’ Boy
Lettuce, tomato, onion, creole remoulade, French baguette, and a side of jalapeño Mac n cheese 14, null, Come in from the cold this afternoon and enjoy one of our 10 for $10 lunch specials. Grilled cheese and tomato soup is a great way to warm up on a winter day like today!, Join Us Here At Orleans Tuesday February 24th 7:30-9:30 For A Two Roads Brewing Company Tap Take Over!, It's Fat Tuesday down at Orleans! We are celebrating with 20 craft beers on draft, festive giveaways, Zydeco music and some delicious dinner specials featuring:

Bourbon Street Rib Eye
Pan blackened angus beef served with dirty rice and bacon Brussels sprouts
20

Seafood Jambalaya 
Scallops, shrimp, calamari, swordfish, served with grilled crostini
18

Buttermilk Boneless Fried Chicken
Mashed potatoes, country gravy, and bacon green beans, served with a biscuit on the side 
16

Catfish Po’ Boy
Lettuce, tomato, onion, creole remoulade, French baguette, and a side of jalapeño Mac, Monday Night Burger Madness and Mardi Gras specials!, Take a break from shoveling and come on down...we are OPEN!!, Join us tomorrow for one of our Mardi Gras inspired Valentines Day Specials and try out our Bloody Mary Bar from 11-3!

Angels on Horseback
½ Dozen Crispy Bacon wrap clams served with
Creole Remoulade 10

Creole Swordfish
Grilled Atlantic Swordfish served over spicy
Shrimp Risotto with cilantro pesto 20

Bourbon Street Rib Eye
Pan Blackened Angus Beef served with 
Dirty Rice and fried Okra 20

Seafood Jambalaya
Scallops, Shrimp, Calamari, Clams
Served with grilled crostini 18, Join us tonight for live music from 6-9, Mardi Gras Dinner Specials, and Karaoke at 10!, We have $1 Wellfleet oysters from 3-6 Pm Come and get them while they last!, Mardi Gras Specials

Shrimp Boulettes
Cajun shrimp cakes, remoulade sauce, mixed greens
12

Low Country boil
Crawfish, shrimp, clams, crab, andouille sausage, potatoes, corn, French baguette
18

Buttermilk Fried chicken
 Mashed potatoes, country gravy, bacon green beans, cornbread
16

Catfish Po’ Boy
Lettuce, tomato, onion, Cajun aioli, French baguette, jalapeño 
Mac n cheese
14, We will be featuring Mardi Gras Specials everyday until Fat Tuesday February 17th!

Mardi Gras Specials

Pimento Cheese
Served with toast points
7

Low Country Boil
Crawfish, shrimp, clams, crab, Andouille sausage
Potatoes. Corn, French baguette
18

Buttermilk Fried Chicken
Jalapeño Mac & Cheese
Buttered Biscuits
16

Blackened Catfish
Bacon sautéed green beans, 
Traditional red beans & rice
Cornbread
18, Come in from the cold this afternoon and enjoy one of our 10 for $10 lunch specials, Come in and try one of our tasty brunch specials and make your own Bloody Mary with our Bloody Mary Condiment Bar!

Bacon Beast
(Three Locally Cured Bacons)
Irish Pea Meal, Cottage and Double
Smoked pepper bacon, a pecan bacon waffle fritter and 
cheddar cheese scrambled eggs with pancetta cracklings
15

Green Eggs & Ham
Grilled pork chop, cheese omelet with
cilantro pesto and home fries
15, Hi folks. The City of Somerville did a great job of removing the snow today on Holland Street. C'mon down ! Plenty of parking ! We are running Mardi Gras Specials and Showing the Bruins @ 7 as well as every NHL and NCAA B'ball game all day. Karaoke Starts @ 10. Don't be late!!!!, Come in tonight and try one of our Mardi Gras Dinner Specials! 
We have live music from 6-9 and Karaoke at 10!, null, Come in from the cold this afternoon and enjoy one of our 10 for $10 lunch specials. Grilled cheese and tomato soup is a great way to warm up on a winter day like today!, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $400 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won! 

We will be featuring Mardi Gras Specials everyday until Fat Tuesday February 17th!

Mardi Gras Specials

Pimento Cheese
Served with toast points
7

Low Country Boil
Crawfish, shrimp, clams, crab, Andouille sausage
 Potatoes. Corn, French baguette
18

Buttermilk Fried Chicken
Jalapeño Mac & Cheese
Buttered Biscuits
16

Blackened Catfish
Bacon sautéed green beans, 
Traditional red beans & rice
Cornbread
18, Dinner Specials

Two Taco Tuesday’s Are back!
$7
Additional $2 to add black beans and Spanish rice

Crispy Tuna Taco
Spiced wonton chips, tuna tartar, soy glaze, scallions, cilantro-wasabi cream, flour tortilla  

Blackened Shrimp Tacos
Sweet and spicy slaw, sriracha aioli, in a soft flour tortilla

Steak Tacos
 Lettuce, cheddar cheese, pico de gallo, Warm up at Orleans with one of our delicious cocktails and 10 for $10 Lunch Specials, Superbowl Sunday is finally here!!! We'll be doing $5 burgers and will have lots of giveaways so come join us and watch the Pats take on the Seahawks!, Rotating Beer List

Maine Beer Company Mo Ale (ME) 6.0%
An American Pale Ale. Flavors and aromas of zesty citrus, passion fruit and pine present themselves throughout. A very subtle malt sweetness for balance, but this beer is intended to finish dry

Otter Creek Kind Ryed IPA (VT) 6.0%
Bold unfiltered rye IPA with 4 kinds of hops, and hints of pepper.

Miller Lite (WI) 4.1%

Ipswich Route 101 IPA (MA) 6.0%
Hop forward with a citrus-like punch and an understated malt backbone.

Baxter Stowaway IPA (ME) 6.9%
Bold, complex flavors with a solid malt backbone and a crisp, clean, hoppy finish

Jack’s Abby Mass Rising (MA) 8.0%
Extra hoppy double IPL with a crisp citrusy aroma

Yuengling Lager (PA) 4.4%
Rich amber color, medium-bodied flavor, with roasted caramel malt flavors

Downeast Cider (Gluten-free) (MA) 5.1%

Notch Cerne Pivo (MA)  4.0%
Malty, toasty, and infinitely drinkable. While Cerne pours black, it trades the
high intensity roast and bitterness of a porter or stout for the mellow malty profile of a lager
  
Guiness Draught (Dublin) 4.1%

Long Trail Limbo IPA (VT) 7.6%

Magners Irish Cider (IRE) 4.5%

Founders All Day IPA (MI) 4.7%
An all-day IPA naturally brewed with a complex array of malts, grains and hops. Balanced for optimal aromatics and a clean finish

Ballast Point Sculpin IPA (CA) 7.0%
Five stages of hops with hints of apricot, peach, mango and lemon flavors.

Sam Adams Rebel IPA (MA) 6.5%
A west coast IPA bright copper in color with citrus and grapefruit flavors and subtle pine notes

Green Flash West Coast Double IPA (CA) 8.1%
A double IPA with a tantalizing menagerie of hops, tropical & grapefruit zest, and pine notes with a floral aroma 

Sam Adams Boston Lager (MA) 4.9%
The original Sam Adams beer. Full flavored with a balance of malty sweetness contrasted by hop spiciness and a smooth finish

New Holland Mad Hatter IPA (MI) 5.8%
Dry-hopped, pale colored ale which has a flowery hop aroma and a bold hop bitterness

Goose Island IPA (IL) 5.9% 
The result of a hop lover’s dream with a fruity aroma, set off by dry hop middle, and long hop finish

Lagunitas IPA (CA) 6.2%
Big on aroma with a hoppy sweet finish

Bottles & Cans

Amstel Light
Narragansett
Ballast Point Sculpin IPA (Can)
Lagunitas Little Sumpin Extra Ale
 Miller Lite
Corona
Corona Light
Daura Estrella Lager (Gluten Free)
CBC Flower Child IPA (Can)
Downeast Cider Cranberry Blend
Guinness Blonde Lager
 Miller High Life
Bud Light
Coors Light
Miller Lite
Heineken
Omission IPA (Gluten Free)
Sam Adam White Christmas
Red Stripe
Ithica Casca Zilla Red IPA
Sierra Nevada Nooner Pilsner (Can) 
Yuengling Light Lager 16 oz (Can)
Notch Pils (Can), Today's Dining Specials: Shrimp Scampi, Join us tonight for live music from the band Barside and some Tasty Pasta Specials!

Chicken Piccata
Fettuccine pasta, lemon caper sauce

North End Pasta
Rigatoni pasta, Sweet Italian sausage, shallots, 
Asparagus, kale, vodka sauce

Butternut Squash Ravioli
Shallots, mushrooms, sweet peas, 
Maple cream sauce

Shrimp Scampi
Angel Hair pasta, fresh tomatoes, garlic wine sauce, Dinner Specials

Chicken Pot Pie
Chicken breast, carrots, celery, onion and peas in a flaky pie crust
12

French Dip
Thinly sliced beef, burgundy onions, and melted gruyere cheese on a French baguette with au jus on the side and french fries
12

Asian Noodle Bowl
Lo Mein noodles, chicken, shrimp and Asian vegetables in a sriracha chicken broth
12

Buffalo Chicken Mac & Cheese
Homemade queso, buffalo sauce and a panko Crust
12, Join us on Sunday and watch the Patriots take on the Seahawks in Superbowl XLIX!! We'll be doing $5 burgers and giveaways!, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $350 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won! 
We have $1 Wellfleet oysters from 3-6 Pm Come and get them while they last!, Orleans will be OPEN tonight if you want to come down and have some snow day cocktails or a $5 burger with us! We will however be closed tomorrow, Tuesday January 25, to keep everyone safe and sound during the this crazy BLIZZARD., Dinner Specials

Creamy Broccoli Soup 5

Beef Medallions
Truffle mashed potatoes, grilled asparagus
Beef gravy 20

Grilled Pork Chop 
Red wine mushroom sauce, sautéed kale
Sweet potato fries 16

Pan Seared Tilapia
Sweet pea rice, sautéed spinach, voodoo sauce 15, Rotating Beers

Maine Beer Company King Titus (ME) 7.5%
American Robust Porter. Dark, thick, 
chewy, chocolaty, and generously 
hopped.

Otter Creek Kind Ryed IPA (VT) 6.0%
Bold unfiltered rye IPA with 4 kinds of hops, and hints of pepper.

Miller Lite (WI) 4.1%

Ipswich Route 101 IPA (MA) 6.0%
Hop forward with a citrus-like punch and an understated malt backbone.

Baxter Stowaway IPA (ME) 6.9%
Bold, complex flavors with a solid malt backbone and a crisp, clean, hoppy finish

Jack’s Abby Mass Rising (MA) 8.0%
Extra hoppy double IPL with a crisp citrusy aroma

Yuengling Lager (PA) 4.4%
Rich amber color, medium-bodied flavor, with roasted caramel malt flavors

Downeast Cider (Gluten-free) (MA) 5.1%

Peak Organic Winter Session (MA)  5.0%
Winter Wheat Beer with Citra hops and 
subtle toasty notes. 

Guiness Draught (Dublin) 4.1%

Long Trail Limbo IPA (VT) 7.6%

Magners Irish Cider (IRE) 4.5%

Founders All Day IPA (MI) 4.7%
An all-day IPA naturally brewed with a complex array of malts, grains and hops. Balanced for optimal aromatics and a clean finish

Ballast Point Sculpin IPA (CA) 7.0%
Five stages of hops with hints of apricot, peach, mango and lemon flavors.

Sam Adams Rebel IPA (MA) 6.5%
A west coast IPA bright copper in color with citrus and grapefruit flavors and subtle pine notes

Green Flash West Coast Double IPA (CA) 8.1%
A double IPA with a tantalizing menagerie of hops, tropical & grapefruit zest, and pine notes with a floral aroma 

Sam Adams Winter Lager (MA) 5.6%
Robust and spicy with hints of oranges, ginger and freshly ground cinnamon

New Holland Mad Hatter IPA (MI) 5.8%
Dry-hopped, pale colored ale which has a flowery hop aroma and a bold hop bitterness

Goose Island IPA (IL) 5.9% 
The result of a hop lover’s dream with a fruity aroma, set off by dry hop middle, and long hop finish

Lagunitas IPA (CA) 6.2%
Big on aroma with a hoppy sweet finish, null, Join us tonight for live music from the band Barside at 6pm, delicious dinner specials, and karaoke at 10pm!

Creamy Broccoli Soup 5

Pan Seared Tilapia
Sweet pea rice, sautéed spinach, voodoo sauce 15

Beef Medallions
Truffle mashed potatoes, grilled asparagus
Beef gravy 20

Grilled Pork Chop 
Red wine mushroom sauce, sautéed kale
Sweet potato fries 16, Join us on Saturdays and Sundays for our Bloody Mary Bar!, null, null, Dinner Specials

Poutine
House fries, bacon, cheddar cheese, beef gravy
10

French Dip
Thinly sliced beef, burgundy onions, melted gruyere cheese, French baguette, side of au jus, house fries
12

Chipotle Joe 
Ground beef, peppers, onions, sweet chipotle glaze, cheddar cheese, onion rings, brioche roll 
12

Ultimate Cuban Sandwich
Roasted pork, smoked ham, sliced pickles,
Swiss cheese, & chipotle aioli, on Ciabatta bread
12, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $300 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won! 
We have $1 Wellfleet oysters from 3-6 Pm Come and get them while they last!, Taco Tuesday tonight! Enjoy these chipotle joe tacos for only $7, Come in from the cold this afternoon and enjoy one of our 10 for $10 lunch specials. Grilled cheese and tomato soup is a great way to warm up on a winter day like today!, Tonight is Burger Madness...burgers are $5 and come with your choice of lettuce, tomato, onion, pickles and cheese. Extra toppings for an additional charge., Tonight is Burger Madness...burgers come with your choice of lettuce, tomato, onion, pickles and cheese. Extra toppings available for an additional charge. Oysters from Crowes Creek today and $1 each all night!, Martin Luther King Day Brunch Specials

Bacon Beast
(Three Locally Cured Bacons)
Irish Pea Meal, Cottage and Double smoked pepper bacon,
a pecan bacon waffle fritter, & cheddar cheese scrambled eggs with pancetta cracklings .
14.

Sirloin Benedict
Roast Sirloin & poached eggs with hollandaise sauce, served with home fries.
14.

American Breakfast   
2 Buttermilk Pancakes, 2 eggs, home fries & bacon or sausage
10.

Huevos Rancheros
2 sunny side eggs, cojita cheese stuffed tortilla, black beans, avocado, salsa roja, cilantro
9.

Davis Square Omelet
Cheddar, bacon, mushrooms & tomatoes- Served with home fries and choice of fruit or toast
10.

Orleans Omelet
Caramelized onions, chorizo, red peppers & Swiss- Served with home fries and choice of fruit or toast
10.

Steak Tips & Eggs
Our famous steak tips, 2 eggs any style & home fries
16.

French Toast Platter
Our famous French Toast served with 2 eggs any style, home fries & choice of bacon, sausage or ham
12., Come join us for one of our Game Day Specials! Patriots kick off at 6:40pm!

Build Your Own Burger $5

Buffalo Chicken Pizza
Crispy chicken tenders, red onions, mozzarella cheese, blue cheese dressing $10

Ultimate Cuban Sandwich
Roasted pork, smoked ham, sliced pickles,
Swiss cheese, & chipotle aioli, on Ciabatta bread $12

Grilled Steak Sandwich
Sliced hanger steak, lettuce tomato, onion, avocado, chipotle aioli, on a French baguette $12, Come on down and try one of our Rotating Draughts!

Shock Top (MO)  5.2%
Unfiltered Belgian-style wheat ale flavored with orange, lemon and lime peel, and coriander.

Maine Beer Company King Titus (ME) 7.5%
American Robust Porter. Dark, thick, 
chewy, chocolaty, and generously 
hopped.

Otter Creek Kind Ryed IPA (VT) 6.0%
Bold unfiltered rye IPA with 4 kinds of hops, and hints of pepper.

Miller Lite (WI) 4.1%

Ipswich Route 101 IPA (MA) 6.0%
Hop forward with a citrus-like punch and an understated malt backbone.

Baxter Stowaway IPA (ME) 6.9%
Bold, complex flavors with a solid malt backbone and a crisp, clean, hoppy finish

Jack’s Abby Mass Rising (MA) 8.0%
Extra hoppy double IPL with a crisp citrusy aroma

Yuengling Lager (PA) 4.4%
Rich amber color, medium-bodied flavor, with roasted caramel malt flavors

Downeast Cider (Gluten-free) (MA) 5.1%

Peak Organic Winter Session (MA)  5.0%
Winter Wheat Beer with Citra hops and 
subtle toasty notes. 

Guiness Draught (Dublin) 4.1%

Long Trail Limbo IPA (VT) 7.6%

Magners Irish Cider (IRE) 4.5%

Founders All Day IPA (MI) 4.7%
An all-day IPA naturally brewed with a complex array of malts, grains and hops. Balanced for optimal aromatics and a clean finish

Ballast Point Sculpin IPA (CA) 7.0%
Five stages of hops with hints of apricot, peach, mango and lemon flavors.

Sam Adams Rebel IPA (MA) 6.5%
A west coast IPA bright copper in color with citrus and grapefruit flavors and subtle pine notes

Green Flash West Coast Double IPA (CA) 8.1%
A double IPA with a tantalizing menagerie of hops, tropical & grapefruit zest, and pine notes with a floral aroma 

Sam Adams Winter Lager (MA) 5.6%
Robust and spicy with hints of oranges, ginger and freshly ground cinnamon

New Holland Mad Hatter IPA (MI) 5.8%
Dry-hopped, pale colored ale which has a flowery hop aroma and a bold hop bitterness

Goose Island IPA (IL) 5.9% 
The result of a hop lover’s dream with a fruity aroma, set off by a dry hop middle, and long hop finish, Come in and try one of our delicious brunch specials!

Sirloin Benedict
Roast Sirloin & poached eggs with Hollandaise sauce, served with home fries.
14

Bacon Beast
(Three Locally Cured Bacons)
Irish Pea Meal, Cottage, and Double smoked pepper bacon,
a pecan bacon waffle fritter, & cheddar cheese scrambled eggs with pancetta cracklings .
16, Today's Dining Specials: Beef Medallions, Beef Medallions
Pan Jus, scallion mashed potatoes, grilled asparagus 18, Dinner Specials

Crispy Cod Fish Tacos
Sweet & spicy coleslaw, Baja aioli, 
Soft flour tortillas

Ultimate Cuban Sandwich
Roasted pork, smoked ham, sliced pickles,
Swiss cheese, & chipotle aioli, served on Ciabatta bread

Butternut Squash ravioli
Shallots, mushrooms, sweet peas, maple cream sauce

Beef Medallions
Pan Jus, scallion mashed potatoes, grilled asparagus, We have $1 Crows Creek oysters from 3-6 Pm Come and get them while they last!, Today's Dining Specials: Short Rib Taco, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $200 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won!, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $250 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won!

Dinner Specials

 Two Shell Short Rib Tacos
soft shells wrapped around crispy corn shells, Korean-style beef, red chili aioli, sweet & spicy cabbage slaw 
7
Buffalo Chicken Pizza
Crispy chicken tenders, red onions, mozzarella cheese, blue cheese dressing
12
Grilled Steak Sandwich
Sliced hanger steak, lettuce tomato, pepperjack cheese, sriracha aioli, sweet potato fries
14
Butternut Squash ravioli
Shallots, mushrooms, sweet peas, maple cream sauce
16, Join us for Taco Tuesday featuring this delicious crispy shrimp option. And it's only $7 !, College national championships are tonight along with Burger Madness and $1 Wellfleet oysters until we run out. Burgers come with your choice of lettuce, tomato, onion, pickles and cheese. Extra toppings available for an additional charge., We've made some delicious new additions to our 10 for $10 lunch specials menu, come down and give the Seared Tuna Tacos a try! Don't forget...tonight is college national championships and Monday Burger Madness. Oregon State vs Oregon at 8:30pm and $5 burgers starting at 4pm. Burgers come with your choice of lettuce, tomato, onion, pickles and cheese. Extra toppings available for an additional charge., Breakfast Burrito and Beef Stew brunch specials... come on down and keep warm!, Join us tonight for some football and delicious dinner specials!

New England Clam Chowder

Steak Fajitas
Rice, beans, peppers, onions, avocado, 
Pico de gallo, and soft corn tortillas

P.E.I Mussels
Garlic white wine sauce and grilled crostini

Pan Seared Trout
Stuffed with crab meat & topped with 
sriracha cream sauce. Served with 
sweet pea risotto & steamed broccoli

12oz. Grilled Pork Chop
Topped with an apple cider glaze &
served with bacon mashed potatoes &
garlic Brussels sprouts., Brunch Specials

Guinness beef stew
Mix vegetables, Guinness gravy, topped with mashed potatoes
12.

Breakfast burrito
Scrambled egg, black beans, rice, pico de gallo,
 and jack cheese with home fries.
12., Join us tonight for one of our tasty dinner specials & live music at 6:00 from the band Barside!

Pan Seared Trout 
Stuffed with crab meat and topped
 with a sriracha cream sauce.
Served with sweet pea risotto & seamed broccoli, Come on down and try one of our rotating beers on Draught!

Sierra Nevada Celebration (CO) 6.8%
A holiday staple, famous for its intense citrus and pine aromas, Celebration is bold and intense

Maine Beer Company Peeper Ale (ME) 5.5%
American Pale Ale. Dry, clean, well-balanced with a generous amount of American hops giving it a floral citrus finish

Two Roads Honeyspot Road White IPA (CT) 6.0%
This beer is medium in color and more than moderately hoppy

Miller Lite (WI) 4.1%

Ithaca Embrrr Rye Porter (NY) 6.6%
Rich and tasty, brewed with a hefty portion of rye and flaked rye to give this smooth porter a rich chocolaty body and hint of spice

Baxter Stowaway IPA (ME) 6.9%
Bold, complex flavors with a solid malt backbone and a crisp, clean, hoppy finish
Guinness Stout (IRE) 4.2%

Jack’s Abby Kiwi Rising (MA) 8.5%
Extra hoppy double IPL with a crisp citrusy aroma

Yuengling Lager (PA) 4.4%
Rich amber color, medium-bodied flavor, with roasted caramel malt flavors

Downeast Cider (Gluten-free) (MA) 5.1%
 

Peak Organic Winter Session (MA)  5.0%
Winter Wheat Beer with Citra hops and 
subtle toasty notes. 

Dales Pale Ale (CO) 6.5%
Pale malts and citrusy floral hops

Magners Irish Cider (IRE) 4.5%

Yuengling Black & Tan (PA) 4.7%
Dark brewed porter with premium beer

Harpoon IPA (MA) 5.9%
Medium bodied New England style IPA, copper in color with floral aromas and a distinct hop finish

Ballast Point Sculpin IPA (CA) 7.0%
Five stages of hops with hints of apricot, peach, mango and lemon flavors.

Sam Adams Rebel IPA (MA) 6.5%
A west coast IPA bright copper in color with citrus and grapefruit flavors and subtle pine notes

Leinenkugel Cranberry Ginger Shandy 
(WI) 4.2%
A refreshing combination of wheat beer, cranberry and ginger

Sam Adams Winter Lager (MA) 5.6%
Robust and spicy with hints of oranges, ginger and freshly ground cinnamon

New Holland Mad Hatter IPA (MI) 5.8%
Dry-hopped, pale colored ale which has a flowery hop aroma and a bold hop bitterness, $5 Burger Madness tonight 10-12am! Burgers come with your choice of lettuce, tomato, onion, pickles and cheese. Extra toppings available for an additional charge., Come in from the cold this afternoon and enjoy one of our 10 for $10 lunch specials, Get out of the cold and come to Orleans and enjoy our Crispy Spicy Tuna Roll served with a Asian Noodle Bowl.  Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $200 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won!, Come on down for Two Taco Tuesday featuring our crispy BBQ pulled pork tacos filled with creamy cole slaw, honey mustard, and pickled onions, $5 Burger Madness tonight! Burgers come with your choice of lettuce, tomato, onion, pickles and cheese. Extra toppings available for an additional charge. $1 Blue Point oysters all night...until we run out!, Come join us for our brunch specials today!  Cottage Burger with an egg on top and our delicious black bean and avocado Breakfast Burrito., Dinner Specials

New England Clam Chowder
7

Grilled Filet Medallions 
Mashed potatoes, grilled asparagus, 
& black pepper demi-glaze.
18

P.E.I Orleans Mussels
Lobster meat, tomato broth,
toasted bread
15

Grilled Chicken Breast
Vegetable quinoa, roasted peppers, 
Chimichurri sauce
14, $5 Burger Madness tonight 10-12am! Burgers come with your choice of lettuce, tomato, onion, pickles and cheese. Extra toppings available for an additional charge., Dinner Specials

Artichoke Fritz
Stuffed with local goat cheese, pomodoro sauce
7

Grilled Filet Mignon
Truffle mashed potatoes, grilled asparagus, brandy peppercorn sauce
22

Chilean Sea Bass
Kalamata olives, Mediterranean vegetables, citrus beurre blanc sauce
18

Roasted Cornish Hen
Vegetable quinoa, steamed baby carrots, lemon-thyme au jus
16, We are serving our full Brunch menu today 11-3, We have an extended license on New Year's Eve until 2:00am and will be serving brunch on New Year's Day at 11:00am. HAPPY NEw YEAR EVERYONE!, Two Taco Tuesday’s Are back!
$7
Additional $2 to add black beans and Spanish rice

Chorizo Tacos
House made ground pork, chorizo, lettuce, guacamole, and a side of salsa roja, soft corn tortilla

Blackened Shrimp Tacos
Sweet and spicy slaw, chipotle aioli, flour tortilla

Tuna Tartar 
 Tacos
Asian slaw, wasabi aioli, soy glaze, scallions, flour tortilla, DON"T FORGET...Monday Burger Madness is tonight! Burgers come with your choice of lettuce, tomato, onion, pickles and cheese. Extra toppings available for an additional charge. Also, $1 Sandy Neck oysters from 3pm until we run out tonight!, Come check out our brunch specials while you catch the game!, Dinner Specials 

Sweet Corn Chowder 

Grilled Pork Chop
Honey mustard glazed pork chop, 
mashed potatoes, & sauteed spinach

Blackened Salmon Burger
Arugula, pickled onions,
& Sriracha aioli

Short Rib Risotto
Asparagus, mushrooms, & spinach, Brunch Specials 

Green Eggs & Ham
Avocado & Vermont Cheddar omelet topped
with cilantro pesto, locally smoked ham chop, 
home fries, and toast

California Style Eggs Benedict
Served with grilled tomatoes, sauteed spinach, 
avocado, English muffin, Hollandaise sauce,
home fries, and toast, Dinner Specials 

Sweet Corn Chowder 

Grilled Pork Chop
Honey mustard glazed pork chop, 
mashed potatoes, & sauteed spinach

Short Rib Risotto
Asparagus, mushrooms, & spinach

Blackened Salmon Burger
Arugula, pickled onions,
& Sriracha aioli, Brunch Specials 

American Breakfast
2 buttermilk pancakes, 2 eggs,
home fries, & bacon or sausage

Steak Tips & Eggs
Our famous steak tips, 2 eggs any style,
home fries

Davis Square Omelet
Cheddar, bacon, mushrooms, tomatoes, 
served with home fries and toast

Orleans Omelet
Caramelized onions, chorizo, red peppers, 
Swiss, home fries, and toast, Our hours of operations for the holidays will be Christmas Eve 11:00am-4:00pm, closed Christmas day and we will re-open Friday, the day after Christmas, for brunch. We also have an extended license on New Year's Eve until 2:00am and will be serving brunch on New Year's Day at 11:00am. HAPPY HOLIDAYS EVERYONE!, Two Taco Tuesday
$7
Add black beans and rice for an additional $2

Grilled Steak Tacos
Lettuce, queso fresco, roasted tomato habanero salsa

Baja Fried Shrimp Tacos
Red cabbage, pineapple salsa, chipotle aioli

Fish Tacos
Beer battered Mahi Mahi, lettuce, pickled onion, salsa fresca, sriracha aioli, $5 Burger Madness tonight! Burgers come with your choice of lettuce, tomato, onion, pickles and cheese. Extra toppings available for an additional charge., It's Monday night and that means it's $5 Burger Madness. All burgers come with your choice of lettuce, tomato, onion, pickles and cheese. Extra toppings available for an additional charge. Also, we have $1 Washburn Island oysters from 3 until we run out. Come and get them while they last!, Join us tonight for $5 Burger Madness 10-12am! All burgers come with your choice of lettuce, tomato, onion, pickles and cheese. Extra toppings available for an additional charge., Dinner Specials 

Steak Florentine Egg Rolls
served with smoked jalapeno aioli

Guinness Beef Stew
Served with onions, carrots, celery
& mashed potatoes

Sweet Pea Ravioli
Served with shallots, cherry tomatoes
& fresh mozzarella in a Vodka sauce

Pan Seared Mahi Mahi
Served with grilled asparagus & Spanish rice
Topped with Mango salsa, Our hours of operations for the holidays will be Christmas Eve 11:00am-4:00pm, closed Christmas day and we will re-open Friday, the day after Christmas, for brunch. We also have an extended license on New Year's Eve until 2:00am and will be serving brunch on New Year's Day at 11:00am. HAPPY HOLIDAYS EVERYONE!, Starting tonight, we will have $5 burgers on Thursdays, Fridays, and Saturdays from 10pm-12am with all your favorite fixings at an additional cost., Join us tonight for Trivia at 8:00 with a chance to win a $500 jackpot!!

Dinner Specials 

Noodle Soup 
Chicken, shrimp, &  mixed vegetables 
in a chicken and sriracha broth
10

Steak Gorgonzola Pizza 
Grilled steak tips, caramelized onions, red peppers
With Moralizer & Blue cheese crumbles
14

Sweet Pea Ravioli
Shallots, asparagus, artichokes
Served with a creamy Parmesan sauce
15

Grilled Burger Ruben
Sauerkraut, black pastrami, sweet cheese
& Russian dressing
12, Dinner Specials

Two Taco Tuesday’s Are back!
$7
All Tacos are served with black beans and Spanish rice

Ground Beef Tacos
Peppers, onions, lettuce, salsa, sour cream, cheddar cheese, crispy corn tortillas

Blackened Shrimp Tacos
Lettuce, avocado, onion, sriracha aioli, flour tortilla

Crispy Avocado Tacos
Sweet spicy slaw, smoked jalapeno aioli, soft corn tortilla, Join us tonight for Monday $5 Burger Madness! All burgers come with your choice of lettuce, tomato, onion, pickles and cheese. Extra toppings available for an additional charge., Dinner Specials
New England Clam Chowder
Crock- 6

Pork Beef & Veal Bolognaise
Served with carrots, celery, onions, parmesan
Cheese & marinara over pappardelle pasta
15

Grilled Pork Chop
Served with fingerling mashed potatoes
Asparagus & citrus glaze sauce
16

Blackened Salmon
Served with Mediterranean vegetables
Topped with remoulade sauce
17, Join us this Monday for $5 Burger Madness!
Burgers come with lettuce, tomato and cheese. Extra toppings available for an additional charge., Live music tonight at 6pm followed up by karaoke at 10...come join the fun!

http://goingout.com/orleans, Join us tonight and every Thursday for 50 cent wings (or boneless)! Flavors include; buffalo, honey hot, and NOLA dry rub. Minimum of 8- dine in only!, Fresh local oysters from Sandy Neck Barnstable MA, are $1 each from 3-6pm, Get out of the cold and come to Orleans and enjoy our fried chicken special while playing trivia with a chance to win big money !!, Come in from the Rain this afternoon and enjoy one of our 10 for $10 lunch specials

Burrito Bowl
Crisp lettuce, black beans, pico de gallo, sour cream, guacamole, cheese and jalapeno in a crunchy corn shell and choice of steak, chicken 

Sheperds Pie
Topped with potato crust

Grilled Chicken Caesar
Crisp romaine, creamy dressing, croutons and shaved parmesan

Cashew Chicken Noodle Salad
Lo Mein noodles, napa cabbage slaw, grilled chicken and cashews tossed with sesame orange dressing

Pressed Italian
Sopresata, capricola, mortadella, provolone and Italian deli relish on ciabatta bread

Sliced Steak Tip Sandwich
Our famous steak tips thinly sliced and topped with caramelized onions, wild mushrooms, blue cheese, swiss and garlic aioli on a french baguette.

Crispy Chicken Wraps
Breaded chicken, crisp lettuce, bacon, tomato, pepper jack cheese, chili aioli in a flour tortilla

Ultimate Grilled Cheese
Brie, cheddar and american cheese on country white bread served with a cup of tomato soup

Buffalo Chicken Mac & Cheese
Homemade queso, buffalo sauce and a panko Crust

Fish Po’ Boy
Crispy fried cod, lettuce, tomato and creole remoulade on a french baguette, Two Taco Tuesday Is back!
$7
All Tacos are served with black beans and Spanish rice

Honey Hot Chicken Tacos
Lettuce, tomato and blue cheese dressing in a flour tortilla

Two Shell Short Rib Tacos
Soft flour shells wrapped around crispy corn shells, Korean-Style beef, red chili aioli, sweet & spicy cabbage slaw

Seared Ahi Tuna Tacos
Rare seasoned tuna, Asian cabbage slaw, sweet soy, wasabi Cream, Come in from the cold this afternoon and enjoy one of our 10 for $10 lunch specials, Our famous Cubano is back! Come in and get one while they last...and don't forget, fresh local oysters from Washburn Island are $1 each from 3pm until we run out every Monday., Come in from the cold this afternoon and enjoy one of our 10 for $10 lunch specials. Grilled cheese and tomato soup is a great way to warm up on a winter day like today!, Patriots face the Chargers tonight at 8:30. Come down and join us for the game!, Stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 10pm......., Be on the lookout for our Winter draft beers. 

                                                                                          
Baxter Stowaway IPA (ME)
Deep amber-to-orangish in color, citrus, pine and grapefruit notes. 6.9% ABV.

Guinness Stout (IRE)
Plenty of aromas of malt and hops. 
4.2% ABV

BBC Steel Rail Pale Ale (MA)
light colored, medium bodied ale. 6.5% ABV 

Yuengling Lager (PA)
Rich amber color and medium-bodied flavor- with roasted caramel malt. 4.4% ABV

Downeast Cider (MA) Gluten-free
Made from freshly pressed local apples. 5.1% ABV 

Cisco Winter Shredder (MA)
Hazy burnt orange in color with a toasted nutty malt aroma. 8.8% ABV

Miller Lite (WI) Pilsner 4.1% ABV

P.B.R. (CA) American Lager 4.74% ABV

Lagunitas IPA (CA) West Coast IPA
Hoppy Sweet Finish. 6.2% ABV

Sam Adams Rebel IPA (MA) 
West coast style IPA. 6.5% ABV

Dales Pale Ale (CO)
Pale malts and citrusy floral hops. 
6.5% ABV

Magners (IRE) Irish Cider 4.5% ABV

Yuengling Black & Tan (PA)
Dark brewed porter with premium beer. 4.7% ABV

Goose Island 312 Urban Pale Ale (IL)
A balanced malt backbone with a citrus hop aroma and  a crisp flavor. 5.4% ABV

Shipyard Gingerbread Head (ME)
Spicy and rich with warm flavors of molasses and brown sugar 4.6% ABV

Shock Top (MO) Belgian-Style Wheat 5.2% 

Founders Breakfast  Stout (MI)
Fresh- roasted java nose topped with a frothy, cinnamon-colored head. 8.3% ABV

Sam Adams Winter Lager (MA)
Robust and spicy with oranges, ginger and freshly ground cinnamon. 5.6% ABV

Ballast Point Sculpin IPA (CA) 7% ABV
Hints of apricot, peach, mango and lemon. 

New Holland Mad Hatter IPA (MI)
Dry-hopped for a distinctive, floral hop aroma, subtly balanced with malt notes. 5.8% ABV, Join us tonight and  every Thursday for 50 cent wings (or boneless)! Flavors include; buffalo, honey hot, and NOLA dry rub. Minimum of 8- dine in only!, Serving Chicken Parmesan Tonight!
Fresh Mozzarella cheese and Homemade marinara sauce served over Gemelli pasta $15, We have Wormtown Be Hoppy on Tap and don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won!, Dinner Specials

Spinach & Artichoke Dip
Served with homemade potato &nacho chips
10
Carne Asada
Peppers, onions, rice, beans, avocado, side of Pico de Gallo
Served with flour tortillas
16
Lobster Mac & Cheese
Gemelli pasta & homemade cheese sauce
20

Drink Specials
 
Pitcher Of PBR 
12
Orange & Lemon Crush
Muddled oranges and lemons, sugar, Bols Genever, triple sec and a splash of soda water
8
Sapphire East Gin and Tonic
Infused with Thai lemongrass and Vietnamese Black Peppercorn 
9
Very Berry Martini
House Infused Mixed Berry vodka with a splash of lemonade
8
Chateau Bourbon La Chapelle Bordeaux
Dark ruby color with lovely aromas of black currants and red fruits with notes of leather, tobacco and cedar. It is medium-bodied on the palate with excellent balance and rounded tannins on the finish
12/46, Join us tonight with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 9pm., Stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 10pm......., Dinner Specials

Clam Chowder
7

Blackened Grilled Swordfish
Served with Mediterranean roast vegetable salad, topped with smoked pineapple & jalapeño salsa
17

Prime Rib 
Served with mashed potatoes, green beans, 
& horseradish demi glaze 
21

Smoked Duck Ravioli
Served with shallots, mushrooms, & brussel sprouts
In a light cream Marsa la sauce
16, Dinner Specials

Crispy Arancini
Stuffed with mushrooms, mozzarella cheese, 
& served with a garlic alfredo sauce
8

Beef Stew
Celery, carrot, & onion, topped with mashed potatoes
14

Grilled Chicken and Shrimp Skewers 
Served over fingerling potatoes, arugula salad, with a citrus vinaigrette 
15, Join us every Thursday for 50 cent wings (or boneless)! Flavors include; buffalo, honey hot, and NOLA dry rub. Minimum of 8- dine in only!, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won!, Dinner Specials

Avocado Tacos
Crispy avocado, lettuce, tomato, chipotle aioli
6

Potato Pizza
Sliced red bliss potatoes, bacon, scallions, bbq sauce, sour cream
14

Sheppard’s Pie
Topped with potato crust
14

 Lobster Roll
Fresh local lobster, buttered brioche roll, house fries
18

Drink Specials

Orange & Lemon Crush
Muddled oranges and lemons, sugar, Bols Genever, triple sec and a splash of soda water
8

Sapphire East Gin and Tonic
Infused with Thai lemongrass and Vietnamese Black Peppercorn 
9

Very Berry Martini
House Infused Mixed Berry vodka with a splash of lemonade
8

Chateau Bourbon La Chapelle Bordeaux
Dark ruby color with lovely aromas of black currants and red fruits with notes of leather, tobacco and cedar. It is medium-bodied on the palate with excellent balance and rounded tannins on the finish
12/46, Come down and join us tonight! Bruins at 7pm, Monday night football at 8pm and $1 oysters until the kitchen closes., Stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 10pm......., null, null, Halloween Party: Oct. 31, 6pm - 2am., Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won!

Dinner Specials

Crispy Fish Tacos
Sweet & spicy slaw, chimichurri, chipotle aioli
7

Chicken Marsala
Mashed potatoes, green beans
15

Seafood Risotto
Scallops, shrimp, shallots, mushrooms, spinach, lemon Au Jus sauce 
18

Buffalo Chicken Pizza
Crispy chicken, red onion, mozzarella cheese, blue cheese dressing 
14, Stop by and sing your heart out Tonight, Karaoke starts at 10pm!, Dinner Specials

Lobster Bisque
8

Seafood Pot Pie
Lobster, Crab, Salmon, Scallops & Shrimp
In a Rich Seafood Cream Sauce with a Flaky Pie Crust
Served with Mashed Potato and Asparagus
22

Maple Glazed Pork
Brined Boneless Pork Chop
With Herb Roasted Potato and Sautéed Kale 
18

Beef Tenderloin Medallions
With a Savory Marsala Mushroom Carmel
Pan Sautéed Roasted Butternut Squash
18, Join us every Thursday for 50 cent wings (or boneless)! Flavors include; buffalo, honey hot, and NOLA dry rub. Minimum of 8- dine in only!, Join us every Thursday for 50 cent wings (or boneless)! Flavors include; buffalo, honey hot, and NOLA dry rub. Minimum of 8- dine in only!, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won!, Monday Night Crawfish Boil is TONIGHT! Steaming pot of crawfish, shrimp, Andouille sausage, red potatoes and corn on the cob in a spicy Louisiana style broth.

http://goingout.com/orleans, Monday Night Football Crawfish Boil is TONIGHT! Come join us and enjoy a steaming pot of crawfish, shrimp, Andouille sausage, red potatoes and corn on the cob in a spicy Louisiana style broth $8. Hurry in and get some while it lasts!, Join us every Thursday for 50 cent wings (or boneless)! Flavors include; buffalo, honey hot, and NOLA dry rub. Minimum of 8- dine in only!, Come on Down and try our new menu!, Patriots Monday night football...come down and join us!!

http://goingout.com/orleans, 50 cent wings start tonight! Join us for either; buffalo, honey hot, or NOLA dry rub wings while you enjoy live music!, .50 wings Thursday nights starting @ 4:30pm. Boneless or bone-in. Honey-hot, buffalo, or nola rub., Join us every Thursday for 50 cent wings (or boneless)! Flavors include; buffalo, honey hot, and NOLA dry rub. Minimum of 8- dine in only!, null, Monday Night Football Crawfish Boil is TONIGHT! Come join us for the Bears Jets game and enjoy a steaming pot of crawfish, shrimp, Andouille sausage, red potatoes and corn on the cob in a spicy Louisiana style broth $8. Hurry in and get some while it lasts!, Dinner Specials

  Appetizer 

New England Clam Chowder
Cup 5

Pizza

Grinder
Marinara, sopressatta, capicola, crumbled sausage, mozzarella, ricotta
14

Entrées

Grilled Shrimp and Vegetable Mediterranean Salad
Grilled shrimp, sautéed broccoli, cauliflower, zucchini, summer squash and kalamata olives tossed in a balsamic reduction
15

Beef, Pork and Veal Bolognaise
Topped with parmesan cheese over cavatelli pasta 
16

Blackened Ribeye Steak
Served with bacon mashed potatoes, grilled asparagus and  au jus
20, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won! ., Dinner Specials

  Appetizer 

Heirloom Tomato and Barrata Cheese Salad
Heirloom Tomatoes from Ward Farm in Sharon MA, Burrata cheese, basil, balsamic reduction, and extra virgin olive oil
10

Entrées
Roman Pizza
Grilled romaine, roasted garlic oil, grilled chicken, parmesan cheese
14

Pan Seared Halibut 
Crispy potato cake, grilled asparagus, saffron cream sauce 
20

Grilled Rib eye Steak
Asparagus, Cajon fries, beef demi-glace 
21

Drink Specials
 
Chocolate Kokonut Sunrise
Stoli Chocolat Kokonut, pineapple le juice and soda water
7
Cinnamon Paloma
Peligroso Cinnamon Tequila, grapefruit juice, simple syrup and sprite
8
Sapphire East Gin and Tonic
Infused with Thai lemongrass and Vietnamese Black Peppercorn 
9
Twisted Tea Pint
4
Schlitz
3
Modelo Can
3, Don't forget, LIVE MUSIC tonight from 6-9pm!

http://goingout.com/orleans, Game Day Specials
$7 Each
Philly Egg Rolls
Shaved steak, peppers, onions, and cheese smoked jalapeno dipping sauce
Patriots Double Cheeseburger
Two beef patties, soft roll, cheese, fried pickles, served with house kettle chips
Buffalo Bills Tacos
Two soft shell tacos, honey buffalo fried chicken, shredded lettuce, blue cheese sauce, and carrot sticks
Chicago Bears Dogs
All beef dog, poppy seed roll, diced onion, yellow mustard, neon relish, sports peppers, pickle spear, tomato, celery salt, with house kettle chips

Drink Specials
Chocolat Kokonut Sunrise
Stoli Chocolat Kokonut, pineapple juice and soda water $7
Cinnamon Paloma
Peligroso Cinnamon Tequila, grapefruit juice, simple syrup and sprite $8
Sapphire East Gin and Tonic
Infused with Thai lemongrass and Vietnamese Black Peppercorn $9
Twisted Tea Pint
4
Schlitz
3
Modelo Can
3, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $450 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won! Teams of 8 and it's free to play., Monday Night Football Crawfish Boil is TONIGHT! Come join us for the Giants Lions game and enjoy a steaming pot of crawfish, shrimp, Andouille sausage, red potatoes and corn on the cob in a spicy Louisiana style broth $8. Hurry in and get some while it lasts!, Join us tomorrow night for our Monday Night Football Crawfish Boil. The fun starts at 6pm. Come and get them while they last!!

http://goingout.com/orleans, Come join us for SUNDAY FOOTBALL!! Patriots vs Dolphins at 1pm. We have NFL Sunday ticket and all the games playing all day., Dinner Specials

Appetizer 

Heirloom Tomato and Barrata Cheese Salad
Heirloom Tomatoes from Ward Farm in Sharon MA, Burrata cheese, basil, balsamic reduction, and extra virgin olive oil
10

Entrées

Surf and Turf
Served with mashed potatoes, grilled asparagus, sliced hanger steak, topped with a marinated grilled shrimp skewer, and a brandy peppercorn glaze
20

Southern Fried Chicken  
Served with scallion mashed potatoes, green beans, corn bread, topped with a scallion-bacon gravy
16

Arcadian and Grilled Shrimp Salad
Served with roasted apples, spicy walnuts, feta cheese, shallot apple cider vinaigrette, and marinated grilled shrimp 
14

Drink Specials
 
Ruby Red Refresher
Deep Eddy Grapefruit Vodka, Lime Juice, Simple Syrup, Grapefruit Juice, Soda Water, Splash of Cranberry Juice
8
Sapphire East Gin and Tonic
Infused with Thai lemongrass and Vietnamese Black Peppercorn 
9
Twisted Tea Pint
4
Schlitz
3
Modelo Can
3, The #Packers meet the Super Bowl champs tonight. #GBvsSEA, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $400 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won! Teams of 8 and it's free to play.

Dinner Specials

Appetizer 

Heirloom Tomato and Barrata Cheese Salad
Heirloom Tomatoes from Ward Farm in Sharon MA, Burrata cheese, basil, balsamic reduction, and extra virgin olive oil
10

Entrées

Grilled Marinated Flank Steak
Served with onion rings, hand cut fries, with brandy peppercorn sauce
16

Pork and Beef Bolognese  
Served with marinara sauce and parmesan cheese over black pepper fettuccini 
15

Chicken Marsala
Served with mashed potatoes, green beans, topped with marsala wine 
14, Dinner Specials

Appetizer 

Steak and Cheese Egg Roll
Stuffed with beef, spinach, onion, and mushrooms, served with chipotle aioli
8

Entrées

Grilled Marinated Flank Steak
Served with onion rings, hand cut fries, with brandy peppercorn sauce
16

Pork and Beef Bolognese  
Served with marinara sauce and parmesan cheese over black pepper fettuccini 
15

Chicken Marsala
Served with mashed potatoes, green beans, topped with marsala wine 
14, It's finally Friday...come sing your hearts out, karaoke starts at 10pm.

Dinner Specials
Appetizer 

Arancinis
Stuffed with pork, beef and mozzarella cheese, served with marinara sauce.
8

Entrées

Grilled Marinated Flank Steak
Served with roasted summer vegetables, hand cut fries, with a beef demi-glace.
16

Pork Tenderloin Medallions
Served with scallion mashed potatoes, roasted summer vegetables, with
 brandy peppercorn sauce.
16

Pan Seared Salmon
Served with bacon scallion potato cakes and grilled asparagus topped with lemon ajus 
18

Drink Specials
 
Ruby Red Refresher
Deep Eddy Grapefruit Vodka, Lime Juice, Simple Syrup, Grapefruit Juice, Soda Water, Splash of Cranberry Juice
8
Twisted Tea Pint
4
Modelo Bucket (5 cans)   
23
Sam Adams Lager Bottle
5
Schlitz
3, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $350 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won! Teams of 8 and it's free to play., Free appetizers when you host your fantasy football draft here!! Call for reservations.

http://goingout.com/orleans, Come hold your fantasy football draft here and enjoy some free appetizers! Call Mike at the bar for more information!, Dinner Specials

Appetizer 

Crispy Shrimp Tacos
Served with sweet coleslaw, chimichuri, and chipotle aioli in a soft corn tortilla
6

Entrées

Butternut Squash Ravioli
Mushrooms, shallots, sweet peas, and a maple cream sauce
16

Chicken Parmesan
Marinara sauce, mozzarella served over cavatappi pasta 
15

10 oz Grilled Ribeye Steak 
Served with mashed potatoes, asparagus, and a beef demi-glaze
22

Drink Specials
 
Ruby Red Refresher
Deep Eddy Grapefruit Vodka, Lime Juice, Simple Syrup, Grapefruit Juice, Soda Water, Splash of Cranberry Juice
8
Twisted Tea Pint
4
Modelo Bucket (5 cans)   
23
Sam Adams Lager Bottle
5
Schlitz
3, Come on down this Saturday and Sunday morning at 10am for the opening weekend of the English Premier League. We will be showing every match all season long, come root for your favorite team!, Dinner Specials

Appetizer 

Mini Pretzel Roll
Served with a bacon and cheese dip
6

Entrées

Orleans Mussels
Lobster meat, fresh tomatoes, roasted garlic, and a white wine-lobster broth  
15

Caribbean Chicken Sandwich
Lettuce, tomato, bacon, avocado, cheddar cheese, chipotle aioli, on a sweet Portuguese roll 
14

Pan Seared Black Salmon
Red bliss potatoes, sautéed spinach, and a Cajun white wine sauce 
18

Drink Specials
 
Ruby Red Refresher
Deep Eddy Grapefruit Vodka, Lime Juice, Simple Syrup, Grapefruit Juice, Soda Water, Splash of Cranberry Juice
8
Twisted Tea Pint
4
Modelo Bucket (5 cans)   
23
Sam Adams Lager Bottle
5
Schlitz
3, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $250 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won! Teams of 8 and it's free to play., Dinner Specials

Appetizer 

Jumbo Crab Cakes
Served over a House Mixed Greens Salad and Topped with Spicy Remoulade Sauce
9

Entrées

Creamy Seafood Risotto
Lobster, Mussels, Cherry Tomatoes and Spinach 
19

Grilled Pork Loin
Two Five Ounces Slices of Juicy Pork Loin Topped with Cranberry Sauce, served with Sautéed Spinach and Roasted Red Bliss Potatoes 
16

Shrimp Po’ Boy Sandwich
Served with Lettuce, Tomato, Red Onion and Chipotle Aioli on a French Baguette
12

Drink Specials
 
Ruby Red Refresher
Deep Eddy Grapefruit Vodka, Lime Juice, Simple Syrup, Grapefruit Juice, Soda Water, Splash of Cranberry Juice
8
Twisted Tea Pint
4
Modelo Bucket (5 cans)   
23
Sam Adams Lager Bottle
5
Schlitz
3, It's finally Friday...come sing your hearts out, karaoke starts at 10pm.

Dinner Specials

Appetizer 

Shrimp & Spinach Dip
Mushrooms, cheese sauce, white truffle potato chips
8

Entrées

Blackened Salmon
Roasted red bliss potatoes, garlic creamed spinach
18

Shrimp & Chicken Paella
Peppers, onions, cherry tomatoes, basmati rice
17

Carne Asada
Black beans, Spanish rice, pico de gallo, avocado, corn tortillas
16, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $300 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won! Teams of 8 and it's free to play.

Dinner Specials
Appetizer

Fried Mozzarella Balls
Served with Crostini a Small Garden Salad and Marinara Dipping Sauce
7

Entrees

Pan Seared Cod
Served over Potato Gnocchi with Spinach, Asparagus and a Spicy Pomodoro Sauce 
17

Chicken Bacon Burger
Our House Made Chicken Burger Topped with Pepper Jack Cheese and Sweet Chili Coleslaw on a Portuguese Sweet Roll and Served with a s ide of Yucca Fries
12, It's finally Friday...come sing your hearts out, karaoke starts at 10pm., Dinner Specials
Appetizer

Steak Florentine Egg Rolls
Stuffed with Shredded Steak, Spinach, Peppers and Onions and Served with a Side of Spicy Ranch
6

Entrees

Short Rib Risotto
Pulled boneless short rib risotto, asparagus, spinach, and cherry tomatoes  
17

Cajun Cheese Tortellini
Sundried tomatoes, Shallots and mushrooms in a Cajun Cream Sauce
16

BBQ Chicken Pizza
Red onions, fresh chopped cilantro, and mozzarella cheese
12, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $250 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won! Teams of 8 and it's free to play., Come hold your fantasy football draft here and enjoy some free appetizers! Call Mike at the bar for more information!, Join us at Orleans for dinner and a delicious summer cocktail! Karaoke starts at 10pm!, Come on down for some live music from 6-9 and karaoke at 10!, Dinner Specials

Appetizer

Smothered & Covered
Anson Mills Bacon Jalapeño Grit Cakes smothered with crawfish and Taso cheese sauce
10

Entrees

Texas Smoked Beef Sandwich
Slow smoked Beef Brisket piled high on a sesame bun with creamy coleslaw and pan roasted peppers and onions
Served with a side of sweet chipotle glaze
12

Chicken Marsala
Served with mashed potatoes and green beans
15

Fried Fisherman’s Platter
Scallops, Shrimp, and Haddock
Served with French fries and coleslaw
18

Drink Specials

Modelo Bucket (5 cans)   
23.00
Sam Adams Lager Bottle
5
Sam Adams Light
5
Spencer Trappist Ale. 6.5%
8.00, null, Come on down and watch the 85th MLB All-star game at 8pm!, Dinner Specials

Appetizer

Fried Goat Cheese
Stuffed with Sun Dried Tomatoes and Basil, Served with a Salad and Marinara Dipping Sauce
8

Entrees

Southern Fried Chicken
Bone in Fried C hicken Served with Mashed Potatoes, Grilled Asparagus, Cornbread and Topped with Bacon Scallion Gravy
16

Fruti De Mare
Scallops, Shrimp, Calamari, tossed with asparagus, shallots and 
Grape tomatoes, in a white wine lemon sauce with fresh angel hair pasta.
21, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won! Teams of 8 and it's free to play., Today at 4:00pm, USA vs. Belgium. #WinorGoHome
WE BELIEVE!!!, Dinner Specials

Appetizer

Crab Cakes
Served with side salad, topped with chipotle aioli
10
  
Entrees

Italian Sausage Pizza
Tomato sauce, mozzarella, peppers, and onions
12

Pan Seared Statler Chicken 
Crispy potato cake and ratatouille vegetables
16

Roasted Turkey Dinner
Mashed potatoes, green beans, cranberry sauce, and gravy
17

Drink Specials

Modelo Bucket (5 cans)   
23.00

Sam Adams Light
5

Spencer Trappist Ale. 6.5%
8.00, Win and We Are In!!!
USA vs. Germany 12:00pm. Come grab some lunch and catch all the action!!, Come join us for all the World Cup games today, US vs Germany at noon!

http://goingout.com/orleans, Come enjoy this beautiful day with some new summer cocktails either on the patio or come inside for some live music from 6-9! As always we'll have karaoke at 10!, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won. Teams of 8 and it's free to play., Here are today's World Cup matches….Come grab a bite and catch all the action on our TVs!!! 
12:00pm - Belgium vs. Algeria
3:00pm - Brazil vs. Mexico
6:00pm - Russia vs. So. Korea

$1.00 Oysters from 3:00pm - 6:00pm., We have all the World Cup games on today.
Tonight at 6:00pm, USA vs. Ghana.
Come join us!!, Thank you to the readers of Scout Somerville for nominating us for "Best Outdoor Dining" and "Best Restaurant in Davis Square!" The Scout's Honored Nominees will be listed in the July/Aug edition so keep on voting!, Come try one of our delicious new Brunch or Dinner items!, Stop by for live music from 6-9pm and then karaoke to follow at 10pm!

http://goingout.com/orleans, Join us at the Taste of Somerville tonight!, Be Sure To Catch All Your World Cup Action At Orleans!!

First Game This Thursday, June 12th at 4:00pm - Brazil vs. Croatia, Join us at Orleans for a delicious cocktail! Karaoke starts at 10pm, It's finally Friday...come sing your hearts out, karaoke starts at 10pm, Come join us after work and start your weekend off with some live music! The fun starts at 6pm and the patio is OPEN!

http://goingout.com/orleans, Dinner Specials
Appetizer

Artichoke Bruschetta
Marinated artichokes  served with grilled crostini & local Westfield Farms Capri White Buck Goat Cheese
8
Entrees

Veggie Burger
Topped with mushrooms, spinach, caramelized onions, baby brie and garlic aioli
13
   
Jorge’s BBQ Meatloaf
Gilled meatloaf smothered in BBQ bourbon demi sauce, served with bacon & jalapeno mac ‘n cheese and corn on the cob
17

Shrimp Paella
Gulf Shrimp, local smokehouse chorizo, peppers, onions, tomatoes, and saffron rice
15
Drink Specials

Downtown Tropic Martini
Tanteo Tropical Tequila, Cointreau, fresh lime juice, simple syrup, and a splash of cranberry juice
10, Join us for Trivia and some free Corona Swag at 8pm!  Its free to play, up to 8 people per team!, Come on in!!!, Hey folks! Trivia is back on for tomorrow night! 8pm - $500 Jackpot! Teams of 8 and its free to play!, Join us at Orleans for a delicious cocktail! Karaoke starts at 10pm, It's finally Friday...come sing your hearts out, karaoke starts at 10pm., Tonight we will be having a weekly Heads Up! tournament here at Orleans. It will be hosted by the hysterical Johnny Kinsman and there are prizes to be won! Come in teams of either 2 or 4 and be prepared to compete with the best. It starts at 8 and ends whenever one of you proves you’re the brainiest in the room!

 No reservations needed, no age restrictions and no cover!, KARAOKE TONIGHT @10pm. COME SING YOUR HEART OUT!

http://goingout.com/orleans, Tonight we will be having a weekly Heads Up! tournament here at Orleans. It will be hosted by the hysterical Johnny Kinsman and there are prizes to be won! Come in teams of either 2 or 4 and be prepared to compete with the best. It starts at 8 and ends whenever one of you proves you’re the brainiest in the room!

 No reservations needed, no age restrictions and no cover!, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won. Teams of 8 and it's free to play., The sun is out and our patio is open! Don't forget from 3-6pm our appetizers are half price and oysters are just $1., Congratulations Class of 2014!

Dinner Specials

Appetizer

Codfish Tacos
Sweet Chili Slaw and Chipotle Aioli in a Flour Tortilla
7

Entrees

Turkey Burger
Swiss cheese, avocado, garlic aioli, house fries 
12

Chicken Burger
Applewood Smoked Bacon & Chicken Breast Patty, Sweet & Spicy Jerk Glaze, Pepper Jack Cheese, Pineapple Salsa and Fried Yuca Fries
14
 
Cajun Tortellini
With Scallops, Broccoli Rabe, Sallots and Cherry Tomatoes in a Cajun Cream Sauce
18

Chip Crusted Haddock
Topped with Habanero Aioli and served with Fingerling Potatoes and Grilled Asparagus
17, It's finally Friday...come sing your hearts out, karaoke starts at 10pm with the OnDemand DJs!, Tonight we will be having a weekly Heads Up! tournament here at Orleans. Prizes to be won! Come in teams of either 2 or 4 and be prepared to compete with the best. It starts at 8 and ends whenever one of you proves you’re the brainiest in the room!

 No reservations needed, no age restrictions and no cover!, Let's Go Bruins!!!

http://vimeo.com/95226099, THIS IS IT...GAME 7 OF THE STANLEY CUP PLAYOFFS, BACK IN BOSTON. COME JOIN US TO CHEER ON OUR BRUINS AS THEY FACE THE CANADIENS ONE LAST TIME @ 7 TONIGHT!, STANLEY CUP PLAYOFFS CONTINUE...BRUINS VS CANADIENS, GAME 6 TONIGHT, COME WATCH ON OUR 14 HDTVs!, STANLEY CUP PLAYOFFS GAME 6: May. 12, 5pm - 11:30pm., It's 78 degrees out and our patio is OPEN!!, Mother's Day: May. 11, 10:30am - 10pm., BRUINS VS CANADIENS GAME 5 TONIGHT @7pm, JOIN US FOR ALL THE FUN!!, BRUINS VS CANADIENS GAME 5 TONIGHT @7pm, JOIN US FOR ALL THE FUN!!, It's finally Friday...come sing your hearts out, karaoke starts at 10pm with the OnDemand DJs!

http://goingout.com/orleans, BruinsPlayoff Game #4: May. 8, 7:30pm - 11:30pm., The Stanley Cup Playoffs continue! Come join us for GAME 4, Bruins vs Canadiens, tonight @ 7:30

No HeadsUp! tonight since the game sound will be on., null, Bruins Playoffs GAME #3: May. 6, 7pm - 11pm., Bruins vs Canadiens Game 3 tonight @ 7pm...come down and cheer our boys on!, Today's Dining Specials: Shrimp, Bacon, Japeleno Skewers, Pan Seared Salmon, Turkey Burger, Chicken, Broccoli and Shrimp Alfredo, Happy Cinco de Mayo!! Come celebrate with 1/2 priced appetizers and $1 Naked Cowboy oysters from 3-6pm. Also, $3 Coronitas and $15 Coronita buckets all night!, Don't forget we are now doing karaoke on Fridays and Saturdays starting at 10pm!, We won't be having our weekly HeadsUp! game tonight but it's because the Bruins are in the playoffs! So come on down, game starts at 7:30!, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won. Teams of 8 and it's free to play., We all have to wait for the Boston Bruins vs. Montreal Canadiens series to start tomorrow...But Tonight There Are Three Game 7's To Keep Us Entertained.
7:00pm - Flyers vs. Rangers
9:30pm - Avalanche vs. Wild
10:00pm - Sharks vs. Kings, Come on down to Orleans for the NBA and NHL playoffs and Sunday night baseball!, Due to the Independent film Festival we will not be hosting Trivia Tonight., Good luck to all of those who are running the 118th Boston Marathon today!! Come join us for marathon fun all day today. Our patio is open and we are serving brunch until 3pm!, Happy Easter! Come in for brunch and watch the Bruins playoff game at 3!, Be sure to stop in for $1.00 Oysters and Half Priced Apps from 3:00pm-6:00pm. Great way to pregame for the Bruins vs. Red Wings . 

Featured Oysters of the Day: The Naked Cowboys via Long Island Sound. Medium salinity, sweet crisp body, earthy mineral finish., Tonight we will be having a weekly Heads Up! tournament here at Orleans. It will be hosted by the hysterical Johnny Kinsman and there are prizes to be won! Come in teams of either 2 or 4 and be prepared to compete with the best. It starts at 8 and ends whenever one of you proves you’re the brainiest in the room!

 No reservations needed, no age restrictions and no cover!, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won. Teams of 8 and it's free to play., Stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 10pm!, Enjoy the sun, enjoy brunch, enjoy a cold tasty beverage, enjoy   it all at Orleans. Patio is open, Windows are open, come on down for brunch Saturday and Sunday 10:30-3:00pm, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $450 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won. Teams of 8 and it's free to play.

And try some of our tasty new $6 "Bucket List" snacks which include...

 Soft Pretzel Sticks with Honey Mustard Dipping Sauce

 Tater Tots Fondue with Bacon & Scallion Cheese Sauce

 Guinness Bratwurst on a Grilled Roll with Stout Mustard Sauce, and House Chips

 Sweet Potato Waffle Fries Served with Harissa Aioli

 Cheese Burger Slider, chips, and a Dill Pickle Spear

 Bavarian Corned Beef Melt with Spicy Thousand Island Sauce, The patio is open! Come on down and enjoy a resfreshing drink and some tasty food!, Rotating
DRAFT BEER
   
Yuengling Lager
 Smithwicks 
Guinness
Harpoon IPA
Miller Lite
PBR 
Sam Adams Rebel IPA
Sam Adams 26.2
Sam Adams Lager
Jack’s Abby Hoponius Union (IPL)
Notch Session Pils 
Lagunitas IPA 
Magners
Plum Island Belgian White
Green Head IPA
Stella Artois Cidre 
Ithaca Green Trail IPA
Long Trail Limbo IPA
Baxter IPA, Come down and watch the Sox kick of their three game series with the Rangers and try some of our tasty new $6 "Bucket List" snacks which include...

Soft Pretzel Sticks with Honey Mustard Dipping Sauce

Tater Tots Fondue with Bacon & Scallion Cheese Sauce

Guinness Bratwurst on a Grilled Roll with Stout Mustard Sauce, and House Chips

Sweet Potato Waffle Fries Served with Harissa Aioli

Cheese Burger Slider, chips, and a Dill Pickle Spear

Bavarian Corned Beef Melt with Spicy Thousand Island Sauce, Don't forget we are now doing karaoke on Fridays and Saturdays starting at 10pm!, It's Opening Day!!! The day to take a long lunch or skip out of work early!!!

Stop in for a bite and a pint. Watch the players receive their World Series Rings before they take on the Milwaukee Brewers.
Coverage starts at 1:00pm., Tonight we will be having a weekly Heads Up! tournament here at Orleans. It will be hosted by the hysterical Johnny Kinsman and there are prizes to be won! Come in teams of either 2 or 4 and be prepared to compete with the best. It starts at 8 and ends whenever one of you proves you’re the brainiest in the room!

 No reservations needed, no age restrictions and no cover!, null, Tonight we will be having a weekly Heads Up! tournament here at Orleans. It will be hosted by the hysterical Johnny Kinsman and there are prizes to be won! Come in teams of either 2 or 4 and be prepared to compete with the best. It starts at 8 and ends whenever one of you proves you’re the brainiest in the room!

 No reservations needed, no age restrictions and no cover!, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $400 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won. Teams of 8 and it's free to play.

Specials

 Appetizer

Hamburger Sliders
Bacon, American cheese, House fries
10

Entrees

Filet Mignon Sandwich
Lettuce, Tomato, Avocado, Chimichurri, Chipotle Aioli, Fresh Baguette, House Fries or House Salad
14

Baby Back Ribs
Mashed Potatoes, Cole Slaw, Sweet BBQ Glaze 
15

Chicken and Prosciutto
Shallots, Asparagus, Mushrooms, Marinara Sauce, Gemelli Pasta
16

Dessert Specials

New York Cheesecake
6
Drink Specials

Absolute Pear Martini
Absolute Pear Vodka, Simple Syrup, Lime juice
8
The Milky Way”
Caribbean Rum with Real Dairy Cream
8, Bruins vs. Canadiens tonight! Come down and join the fun!, Don't forget we are now doing karaoke on Fridays and Saturdays starting at 10pm!

Specials

Appetizer

 Jalapeño Shrimp Skewers
Asian Salad, Orange Chili Sauce
9

Entrees

Grilled Bone-In Pork Chop
House Fries, Green Beans, Honey Mustard Glaze
16

Surf And Turf 
Petite Filet Mignon, Shrimp, Grilled Asparagus, Brandy Peppercorn Sauce 
19

Dessert Specials

Red Velvet Cake & New York Cheesecake
6, Who is cutting out of work early???
Here is the afternoon lineup:
12:15 - #11 Daytona vs. #6 Ohio St.
12:40 - #15 American Univ. vs #2 Wisconsin
1:40 - #9 Pittsburgh vs. #8 Colorado
2:10 - #12 Harvard vs. #5 Cincinnati
2:45 - #14 W Michigan vs. #3 Syracuse
3:10 - #10 BYU vs. #7 Oregon
4:10 - #16 Albany vs. #1 Florida 
4:40 - #13 Delaware vs. #4 Michigan State, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $350 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won. Teams of 8 and it's free to play.

Specials

Appetizer

Boston Egg Rolls
With corned beef, carrots, potatoes, turnips, and cabbage (3)
8

Entrees

Grilled Steak Sandwich
Served with lettuce, tomato, avocado, chimichurri and chipotle aioli on a fresh baguette
12

Chicken Parmesan 
With Mozzarella and Marinara Sauce over Gemelli Pasta 
15

Pan Seared Salmon
Served with mushroom risotto and garlic wine sauce
17

Dessert Specials

Red Velvet Cake & New York Cheesecake
6, HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!

Stop by and join us for... 

Traditional Boston Corned Beef Dinner
With Carrots Turnips and Cabbage 
16

or a...

Corned Beef Sandwich
Swiss Cheese, Shaved Cabbage and Tavern Mustard on Rye. Served with house made potato chips
12, Stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 10pm!, St Patrick’s Day Specials 

Traditional Boston Corned Beef Dinner
With Carrots Turnips and Cabbage 
16

Corned Beef Sandwich
Swiss Cheese, Shaved Cabbage and Tavern Mustard on Rye. Served with house made potato chips
12

Irish Breakfast
Served Sat-Mon 10am-3pm
Two eggs any style, White and Black Pudding, Sausage, Irish Bacon, Grilled Tomato and Homefries
14

Desserts
6
Red Velvet Cake & New York Cheesecake

Drink Specials
Frosty Leprechaun
Jameson, Green Crème de Menthe and Milk
8

Irish Julep
Jameson, Simple Syrup and Muddled Mint served on the Rocks
10

Sassy Lass Martini
Absolut Vodka, Blue Curacau, Sour Mix and Orange Juice
11, Tonight we will be having a weekly Heads Up! tournament here at Orleans. It will be hosted by the hysterical Johnny Kinsman and there are prizes to be won! Come in teams of either 2 or 4 and be prepared to compete with the best. It starts at 8 and ends whenever one of you proves you’re the brainiest in the room!

No reservations needed, no age restrictions and no cover!, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $250 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won. Teams of 8 and it's free to play.

Specials

Appetizer

Crab Cakes
Served over Baby Field Greens and topped with Chipotle Aioli
10

Entrees

Blackened Swordfish
Served with Basmati Rice, Black Beans and a Pineapple Salsa
17

Lobster Ravioli
With Shallots, Grape Tomatoes and Brussel Sprouts in a Lemon Wine Sauce
18

Chicken Parmesan 
With Mozzarella and Marinara Sauce over Gemelli Pasta 
15

Drink Specials

Raspberry Chocolate Martini
9

Toasted Caramel Whisky Manhattan 
9, Stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 10pm!, Don't forget we are now doing karaoke on Fridays and Saturdays starting at 10pm!, Tonight we will be having a weekly Heads Up! tournament here at Orleans. It will be hosted by the hysterical Johnny Kinsman and there are prizes to be won! Come in teams of either 2 or 4 and be prepared to compete with the best. It starts at 8 and ends whenever one of you proves you’re the brainiest in the room!

No reservations needed, no age restrictions and no cover!, null, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $250 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won. Teams of 8 and it's free to play., Mardi Gras Madness

Popcorn Shrimp and Crawfish
Cherry Peppers, Coleslaw, Smoked Jalapeno Dipping Sauce
$9
Voodoo Ribs
Spice Glazed Baby Back Ribs served with Coleslaw
$8
Chicken Fried Steak Sliders
Smoked Bacon Gravy, House Chips 
$8
Chicken and Shrimp Jambalaya
Chicken, Shrimp, Andouille Sausage over Long Grain Rice served with cornbread.
$16  
Gumbo
A low country stew of Andouille Sausage and Chicken served with rice and cornbread.
$14
Chicken and Waffles
Spicy Buttermilk Fried Boneless Tenders over a House Waffle. Dusted with Powered Sugar with Vermont Maple Syrup and Hot Sauce.
$10, Thursday is quickly approaching and we will be having our weekly HeadsUp! tournament here at Orleans. It will be hosted by the hysterical Johnny Kinsman and there are prizes to be won! Come in teams of 2 to 6 and be prepared to compete with the best. It starts at 8 and ends whenever one of you proves you’re the brainiest in the room!

 No reservations needed, no age restrictions, and no cover!, Join us for Karaoke at 10 tonight!, Don't forget we are now doing karaoke on Fridays and Saturdays starting at 10pm!, Come down for our Oscar viewing party Sunday night! We will serving popcorn and having giveaways. The fun starts at 7pm!, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won. Teams of 8 and it's free to play., Mardi Gras Madness
Try all of our rotating selection of Louisiana classics from now until Fat Tuesday, March 4th.

Popcorn Shrimp and Crawfish
Cherry Peppers, Coleslaw, Smoked Jalapeno Dipping Sauce
$9
Voodoo Ribs
Spice Glazed Baby Back Ribs served with Coleslaw
$8
Chicken Fried Steak Sliders
Smoked Bacon Gravy, House Chips 
$8
Chicken and Shrimp Jambalaya
Chicken, Shrimp, Andouille Sausage over Long Grain Rice served with cornbread.
$16  
Gumbo
A low country stew of Andouille Sausage and Chicken served with rice and cornbread.
$14
Chicken and Waffles
Spicy Buttermilk Fried Boneless Tenders over a House Waffle. Dusted with Powered Sugar with Vermont Maple Syrup and Hot Sauce.
$10, Stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 10pm!, Don't forget we are now doing karaoke on Fridays and Saturdays starting at 10pm!, USA vs. Canada Men's Hockey @ Noon. Step out of work early, have some lunch and cheer on Team USA at Orleans Restaurant., Tonight we will be having a weekly Heads Up! tournament here at Orleans. It will be hosted by the hysterical Johnny Kinsman and there are prizes to be won! Come in teams of either 2 or 4 and be prepared to compete with the best. It starts at 8 and ends whenever one of you proves you’re the brainiest in the room!

No reservations needed, no age restrictions and no cover!, Women's Hockey Gold Medal Game at 12:00pm.
Come catch the game and enjoy one of our delicious lunch specials..., Yuengling will be on Tap on Monday!

And Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won. Teams of 8 and it's free to play., Happy President's Day! We're open and serving brunch until 3pm today., Stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 10pm!, Don't forget we are now doing karaoke on Fridays and Saturdays starting at 10pm!, Hey guys! Ever heard of the HeadsUp! app? No? Google it. It’s hilarious. 

Starting this Thursday we will be having a weekly HeadsUp! tournament here at Orleans. It will be hosted by the hysterical Johnny Kinsman and there are prizes to be won! Come in teams of either 2 or 4 and be prepared to compete with the best. It starts at 8 and ends whenever one of you proves you’re the brainiest in the room!

No reservations needed, no age restrictions and no cover!, null, Hey guys! Ever heard of the HeadsUp! app? No? Google it. It’s hilarious. 

Starting this Thursday we will be having a weekly HeadsUp! tournament here at Orleans. It will be hosted by the hysterical Johnny Kinsman and there are prizes to be won! Come in teams of either 2 or 4 and be prepared to compete with the best. It starts at 8 and ends whenever one of you proves you’re the brainiest in the room!

No reservations needed, no age restrictions and no cover!, It's a beautiful day to get out and join us for our 1/2 price appetizers and $1 oysters, from 3-6 pm today. The Tuna Wontons and Short Rib Tacos are favorites for many, and the oysters are fresh from Scorten Creek NJ., Stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 10pm!, Mardi Gras Madness
Try all of our rotating selection of Louisiana classics from now until Fat Tuesday, March 4th.

Okra & Jalapeno Fritz
Buttermilk Fried Fresh Okra and Jalapeno served with Cilantro Aioli
$9
 Jambalaya
Chicken, Shrimp and Sausage over Long Grain Rice and served with cornbread.
$16  
Voodoo Rib Plate
Spice Glazed Baby Back Ribs served with Creamy Mac and Cheese and Corn Bread
$15
Gumbo
A low country stew of Andouille sausage and chicken served with rice and cornbread.
$14
Chicken and Waffles
Spicy Buttermilk Fried Boneless Tenders, over a House Waffle. Dusted with Powered Sugar with Vermont Maple Syrup and Hot Sauce.
$10, Don't forget we are now doing karaoke on Fridays and Saturdays starting at 10pm!, Mardi Gras Madness
Try all of our rotating selection of Louisiana classics from now until Fat Tuesday, March 4th.

Fried Green Tomatoes
Crab Remoulade served with cornbread and a Smoked Jalapeno Aioli
$8
 Jambalaya
Chicken, Shrimp and Sausage over Long Grain Rice and served with cornbread.
$16  
Gumbo
A low country stew of Andouille sausage and chicken served with rice and cornbread.
$14
Chicken and Waffles
Spicy Buttermilk Fried Boneless Tenders, over a House Waffle. Dusted with Powered Sugar with Vermont Maple Syrup and Hot Sauce.
$10, Stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 10pm!, Mardi Gras Madnes 

Try all of our rotating selection of Louisiana classics from now until Fat Tuesday, March 4th.

BLT Po’boy
Fried Green Tomatoes, Crisp Lettuce, Applewood Smoked Bacon and Smoked Jalapeno Aioli on a Toasted Baguette
$12
Blackened Cod
With Anson Mills Cheese Grits and a Creamy Smoked Bacon and Shrimp Succotash
$18
 Jambalaya
Chicken, Shrimp and Sausage over Long Grain Rice and served with cornbread.
$16  
Gumbo
A low country stew of Andouille sausage and chicken served with rice and cornbread.
$14
Chicken and Waffles
Spicy Buttermilk Fried Boneless Tenders, over a House Waffle. Dusted with Powered Sugar with Vermont Maple Syrup and Hot Sauce.
$10, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won. Teams of 8 and it's free to play., You and your special Someone should be making your plans to come in to Orleans to enjoy our Valentine's Day Specials.
Our reservations are filling up fast so make your phone call today to come in and enjoy a romantic night out!! (617) 591-2100, Mardi Gras Madness
Try all of our rotating selection of Louisiana classics from now until Fat Tuesday, March 4th.

Fried Green Tomatoes
Crab Remoulade served with cornbread and a Smoked Jalapeno Aioli
$8
 Jambalaya
Chicken, Shrimp and Sausage over Long Grain Rice and served with cornbread
$16  
Gumbo
A low country stew of Andouille sausage and chicken served with rice and cornbread
$14
Chicken and Waffles
Spicy Buttermilk Fried Boneless Tenders, over a House Waffle. Dusted with Powered Sugar with Vermont Maple Syrup and Hot Sauce 
$10, Join us Tonight For Karaoke! Come Sing or Request Your Favorite Song With Our Karaoke DJ!!, Stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 9pm!, Mardi Gras Madness
Try all of our rotating selection of Louisiana classics from now until Fat Tuesday, March 4th.

Fried Green Tomatoes
Crab Remoulade served with a Smoked Jalapeno Aioli
$8
 Jambalaya
Chicken, Shrimp and Sausage over Long Grain Rice
$16  
Gumbo
A low country stew of Andouille sausage and chicken served with rice and a biscuit.
$14
Chicken and Waffles
Spicy Buttermilk Fried Boneless Tenders, over a House Waffle. Dusted with Powered Sugar with Vermont Maple Syrup and Hot Sauce
$10

ABITA Turbodog
$8
ABITA Purple Haze
$6
Orleans Hurricane
Rum, Orange Juice, Pineapple juice, Grenadine with a dark rum float
$9, null, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won. Teams of 8 and it's free to play., Mardi Gras Madness
Try all of our rotating selection of Louisiana classics from now until Fat Tuesday, March 4th.

Fried Green Tomatoes
Crab Remelade served with a Smoked Jalapeno Ailoi
$8
 Scallop Po’ Boy
Fried Scallops topped with lettuce and tomato on a baguette. Served with Chipotle Aioli
$14  
Gumbo
A low country stew of Andouille sausage and chicken served with rice and a biscuit.
$14
Chicken and Waffles
Spicy buttermilk fried boneless tenders, over a house waffle. Dusted with powered sugar with Vermont Maple Syrup and Hot Sauce
$10

ABITA Turbodog
$6
ABITA Purple Haze
$6
Orleans Hurricane
Rum, Orange Juice, Pineapple juice, Grenadine with a dark rum float
$9, *~It's Mardi Gras Madness at Orleans~*
 Try all of our rotating selection of Louisiana classics from now until Fat Tuesday, March 4th.

 Jambalaya
 Chicken, Shrimp and Sausage over Long Grain Rice.
 $16

 Gumbo
 A low country stew of Andouille sausage and chicken served with rice and cornbread.
 $14

 Southern Fried Chicken Dinner
 Buttermilk Fried Chicken, Creamy Mac and Cheese and Collard Greens.
 $15

 Bourbon Street Fish Fry
 Scallops, Shrimp and Catfish served over a bed of French Fries with a side of traditional Red Beans.
 $18, Come down and watch the game with us!!, Stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 10pm!

*~It's Mardi Gras Madness at Orleans~*
Try all of our rotating selection of Louisiana classics from now until Fat Tuesday, March 4th.

Jambalaya
Chicken, Shrimp and Sausage over Long Grain Rice.
$16

Gumbo
A low country stew of Andouille sausage and chicken served with rice and cornbread.
$14

Southern Fried Chicken Dinner
Buttermilk Fried Chicken, Creamy Mac and Cheese and Collard Greens.
$15

 Bourbon Street Fish Fry
Scallops, Shrimp and Catfish served over a bed of French Fries with a side of traditional Red Beans.
$18, You and your special Someone should be making your plans to come in to Orleans to enjoy our Valentine's Day Specials.
 Our reservations are filling up fast so make your phone call today to come in and enjoy a romantic night out!! (617) 591-2100

Valentine’s Day
3 Course Combo $39.95
With a Bottle of Prosecco $99.95

Appetizer Choices
Devil’s Tongues  
Large shrimp stuffed with serrano peppers and wrapped with apple smoked bacon
served with sweet orange chili dip

Crab Dip for Two  
Lump crab, sautéed peppers, onions and celery in a creamy sauce served with house chips and flatbread

Entree Choices 
Surf & Turf
A 5oz petite fillet wrapped in bacon atop brandy peppercorn sauce paired with seafood stuffed shrimp, mashed potatoes and asparagus

Grilled Tequila Swordfish
Fresh Atlantic swordfish topped with tequila mango butter
served with island shrimp rice pilaf and broccoli

Lobster Ravioli’s
Served in a lobster cream sauce with asparagus topped with butter poached lobster

Desserts 
Choose from our house dessert list
or

Lovers Chocolate Pot
Rich Belgium chocolate ganache served with brownies, pound cake, 
fresh berries and toasted marshmallows for your dipping enjoyment, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won. Teams of 8 and it's free to play., Mardi Gras Madness
Try all of our rotating selection of Louisiana classics from now until Fat Tuesday, March 4th.

Red Beans & Rice
Enjoy a bowl of comfort and start your week off right. It is said by the locals that a bowl will give you good luck all week.
$8

Gumbo
A low country stew of Andouille sausage and chicken served with rice and cornbread.
$14

Fried Catfish Platter
Slightly spicy buttermilk fried catfish, stewed collards, beans, rice, and a bacon cheese biscuit.
$16

 Scallop Po’ Boy
Crispy fried scallops, lettuce, tomato, and spicy aeoli.
$14, Starting this Sunday we will feature a different roast... This week a succulent Roast Turkey Dinner!! From 3-10pm. Don't miss out!!!, Stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 10pm.......

Specials

Catch Of The Moment

Pan Seared Salmon
Topped with a Garlic Wine Sauce and served with Roasted Red Bliss Potatoes and Grilled Asparagus
17

Appetizer

Chicken Bacon Spring Rolls
Served with Chipotle Ranch Dressing
10

Entrees

Green Chili Cheeseburger
Roasted Green Chilis and Vermont Cheddar 
12

Lobster Roll
Fresh Local Lobster on a buttered Brioche Roll
19

Sante Fe Pizza
Queso Sauce, Roasted Green Chilis, Chicken and Bacon
14, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won. Teams of 8 and it's free to play.

Specials

Catch Of The Day

Bourbon Street Boil
Classic Cajun Boil with head on Shrimp & Spicy Sausage. Served with Grilled Bread
10

Fried Pretzels
Soft Pretzel Sticks served with an Ale & Mustard Cheese Sauce
8

Chicken & Waffles
Fried Chicken and Our House Buttermilk Waffle dusted with Powdered Sugar. Served with Local Maple Syrup and Hot Sauce
10, Two Taco Tuesday
Beef Tacos
Lettuce, Pico de Gallo and Chimichurri Sauce in a Soft Corn Tortilla
5
Duck Tacos
Ginger Sesame Slaw and Hoisin Sauce in a Flour Tortilla
6
Honey Hot Chicken Tacos
Lettuce, tomato and Blue Cheese Dressing in a Flour Tortilla
5
Crispy Shrimp Tacos
Sweet and Spicy Slaw and Baja Aioli in a Flour Tortilla
6, Pasta Night

Appetizer

Fried Goat Cheese
Served with Marinara Sauce and a Side Salad
8

Catch of the Moment

Cape Cod Chip Crusted Chilean Bass
Served with Artichoke Risotto, Grilled Asparagus, and Topped with Pineapple Salsa
18

Pastas
All Pastas are $14.95 and Served with a House Salad

Porcini Mushroom Ravioli
Served with Asparagus and Spinach in a Pesto Cream Sauce

White Truffle Mac & Cheese
Mushrooms, Asparagus, Artichokes, and Cavatappi pasta in a Creamy Cheese Sauce and Topped with Panko Bread Crumbs, Shovel out your spot and put out your savers!!
 WE are OPEN!!, “I love eating chicken with my bare hands. It makes me want to snarl at people, even more than usual.” 50 cent wings tonight., NEW YEAR'S DAY UPDATE:
We will be opening Brunch at 11:00am. No better way to help cure your hangover than our Spicy Bloody Mary or a Bubbly Mimosa!

Happy New Year!!!, It's New Years Eve!!! Still haven't made plans for tonight? Check out our Prix Fixe Menu. We still have a few reservations available...call 617-591-2100.

From all the staff at Orleans, we thank you for your patronage and wish you a Very Happy New Year!!!, Pasta Night

Appetizer

Fried Cheese Balls
Served over a Whole Grain Mustard Drizzle
7

Catch of the Moment

Grilled Swordfish
Served with Sweet Pea Risotto, Grilled Asparagus, and Topped with Pineapple Salsa
17

Pastas
All Pastas are $14.95 and Served with a House Salad

Pesto, Penne, and Turkey Meatballs
Turkey Meatballs and Penne Pasta in a Light Pesto Cream Sauce

Lobster Penne
Served with Leeks, Sweet Peas, Bacon, and Mushrooms, in a Sherry Cream Sauce, Seafood Sunday

Catch of the Moment

Grilled Sworfish
Topped with Pineapple Salsa and served with Sweet Pea Risotto and Grilled Asparagus
18

Appetizer

Crab Cakes
With a Remoulade and served with a mixed Green Salad 
10

Entrees

Blackened Tilapia
Topped with Avocado Salsa and served with Basmati Rice and Black Beans
16

Lobster Penne
Leeks, Mushroom, Bacon and Sweet Peas in a Sherry Cream Sauce
18

Dessert

Baja Brownie Sundae
Mini Brownie, Godiva Chocolate Ganache, Chipotle Chocolate Ice Cream, Dolce Leche and Fresh Cream
3.50, Stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 10pm......., null, Specials
Catch of the Moment
Grilled Swordfish
Served over Fried Green Tomatoes with a Basil Aioli and Sauteed Spinach
17

Appetizer
Crab Cakes
With a Remoulade and served with a mixed Green Salad 
10

Entrees

Chicken Bruschetta
Grilled Chicken with Tomato, Fresh Mozzarella and Basil, topped with Balsamic reduction and served with Basmati Rice with Aromatic Vegetables
15

Pan Seared Rib Eye Steak
14 oz topped with Kona Butter and Served with Bacon Mashed Potatoes and Grilled Asparagus 
22

Lobster Penne
Leeks, Mushroom, Bacon and Sweet Peas in a Sherry Cream Sauce
20

Dessert
Baja Brownie Sundae
Mini Brownie, Chocolate Ganache, Chipotle Chocolate Ice Cream, Dolce Leche and Fresh Cream
3.50, IN ADDITION TO OUR DINNER MENU, HERE ARE OUR SPECIALS FOR NEW YEARS EVE!!! BOOK YOUR RESERVATIONS TODAY!!!
617-591-2100, 50cent WING NIGHT!!

Specials

Catch of the Moment
Grilled Swordfish
Served witth Mushroom Risotto in a Garlic Wine Sauce
17

Appetizer
Fried Green Tomatoes
Baja Aioli, Side Salad  
6

Entrees

Chicken Parmesan
Mozzarella and Marinara Sauce over Penne Pasta
15

Blackened Salmon Sandwich
Served with Lettuce, Tomato, Avocado, Chipotle Aioli on a Bulky Roll
14, Stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 10pm......., What are you doing on New Years Eve?, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won. Teams of 8 and it's free to play.

Specials

Catch of the Moment
Blackened Salmon
Served with Basmati Rice, Black Beans and topped with Honey Jerk Glaze

16

Appetizer
Fried Pretzel Rolls
Served with Cheese Sauce and Honey Mustard  
6

Entrees

Spinach and Feta Pizza
Topped with Ricotta, Feta, Mozzarella, Marinated Tomatoes and Fresh Spinach
12
Fried Fish Po’ Boy Sandwich
Served with Lettuce, Tomato, Onions, Mayonnaise, Cheddar Cheese on a French Baguette
12
Homemade Meatballs

Served with Marinara Sauce over Linguini 
15

Drink Specials

Mule Noir
Grey Goose Cherry Noir, Ginger Beer, and a Lime Wedge
11

Castano Monastrell
Asian Spices, Incense, Black Fruits and Chocolate Compose the Nose of this Juicy, Fruity, Plush Offering  
6

Tilia Torrontes
Delicate Floral Notes of Jasmine and Magnolia Intermingled with Bright Hints of C
itrus. Flavors are full with Concentrated Flower, Pear and Fig. It finishes bright and crisp
6, Two Taco Tuesday
Fried Avocado Tacos
Lettuce, Tomato and Sriracha Aioli in a Flour Tortilla
5
Crispy Shrimp Tacos 
Sweet Cole Slaw and Baja Aioli in a Flour Tortilla
6
Pulled Chicken Tacos
Peppers, Onions, Tomatoes, Blue Cheese Dressing and Buffalo Sauce in a Crispy Corn Tortilla
5
BBQ Short Rib Tacos
Creamy Cole Slaw in a Crispy Corn Tortilla
6, Pasta Night

Catch of the Moment

Blackened Talapia
Served with Black Beans, Basmati Rice, and an Avocado Pineapple Salsa
17

Appetizers

Fried Goat Cheese
Served with Marinara Sauce and Crostini
7

Spinach and Feta Pizza
Served with Ricotta, Feta, Mozzarella, Marinated Tomatoes, and Fresh Spinach
12

Pastas
All Pastas are $14.95 and Served with a House Salad

Wild Porcini Ravioli
Served with Asparagus and Spinach in a Light Pesto Sauce

Cajun Shrimp Tortellini
Grilled Shrimp, Sundried Tomatoes, Shallots, and Mushrooms in a Cajun Cream Sauce, Come join us for SUNDAY FOOTBALL!! Patriots vs Dolphins at 1pm. We have NFL Sunday ticket and all the games playing all day., Stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 10pm......., null, Dinner Specials

 Catch of the Moment

Pan Seared Salmon
Served over a Citrus and Beet Salad
17

Appetizer

Blackened Salmon Sliders 
Three Sliders topped with Lime Cilantro Aioli and served with House Potato Chips
12

Entrees

Bone In Pork Chops
Topped with Sauteed Apple Sauce and served with Whole Grain Mustard Mashed potatoes and Grilled Asparagus
16

Marinated Flank Steak
Topped with Mushroom Gravy and Avocado and served with Basmati Rice and Black Beans
18

Wild Porcini Mushroom Ravioli
Served with Baby Spinach and Asparagus in a light Pesto Cream Sauce
14, 50 cent wing night at Orleans!

Come join us for Chargers vs Broncos @ 8:30 then Bruins vs Oilers @ 9:30!, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won. Teams of 8 and it's free to play.
 Dinner Specials

Catch of the Moment

Baked Haddock
Served with Mediterranean vegetables
18

Appetizer

CBC Spring Rolls
Filled with chicken, bacon, cheddar and sweet, spicy and smokey filling. Served with coleslaw and buttermilk ranch dressing
7

Entrees

Buffalo Chicken Pizza
Topped with Buffalo chicken, onions, peppers and blue cheese dressing
12
Steak Fajitas
Served with rice, black beans, sautéed onions and peppers, pico de gallo, and three flour tortillas
16
Chicken and Biscuit
Served with carrots, onions, celery, country gravy, mashed potatoes and a buttermilk biscuit
14, Here is today's lineup of Champions League matches!  Come on in and catch all the action.
All matches start at 2:45pm
* Celtic vs. Barcelona 
* Arsenal vs. Napoli 
* AC Milan vs. Ajax Amsterdam
* Chelsea vs. Steaua Bucuresti, Two Taco Tuesday
Chili con carne tacos
American cheese in a crispy corn tortilla
5
Crispy Cod Tacos
Sweet chili slaw, Chimichurri, chipotle aioli, in a  flour tortilla
6
Honey Hot Chicken Tacos
Lettuce, tomato and Blue Cheese Dressing in a Flour Tortilla
5
 Sweet Chili Shrimp Tacos
Spicy Cole in a Flour Tortilla
6, Pasta Night

Catch of the Moment
Almond Crusted Haddock
Served with Mashed Potatoes, Grilled Asparagus, and a Lemon Butter Sauce
17

Appetizer
Pesto Chicken Pizza
Pesto, Mozzarella Cheese, and Grilled Chicken 
12

Pastas
All Pasta Dishes are $14.95 and Served with a House Salad

Pumpkin Butternut Squash Ravioli
Served with a Maple Cream Sauce

Chicken Tortellini
Grilled Chicken, Asparagus, Prosciutto, and Shallots in a Vodka Sauce

Wild Porcini Mushroom Ravioli
Served with Baby Spinach and Shallots in a Light Pesto Cream Sauce, Dinner Specials
 
Catch of the Moment

Pan Seared Arctic Char
Served with a sweet and spicy island glaze, rice, beans, and sautéed greens
20

Appetizer

Pumpkin Ravioli 
Served in a maple cream sauce
7

Entrees

Short Rib Stuffed Burger
Our house burger filled with slow braised short rib, caramelized onions, wild mushrooms, and Swiss cheese. Glazed in a red wine BBQ demi, topped with crispy onion. Choice of soup, salad, or fries
15

Grilled Pork Chops
Served with bacon mashed potatoes, asparagus, and sautéed apples
16

Drink Specials

Castano Monastrell
Asian Spices, Incense, Black Fruits and Chocolate Compose the Nose of this Juicy, Fruity, Plush Offering  
6

Tilia Torrontes
Delicate Floral Notes of Jasmine and Magnolia Intermingled with Bright Hints of C
itrus. Flavors are full with Concentrated Flower, Pear and Fig. It finishes bright and crisp
6

Sam Adams Noble Pils
 4

Cisco Brewery
Whales Tale Pale Ale
4
Sankaty Light Lager
4, What are you doing for New Year’s Eve?
 

3 Course Prix Fixe meal
$39.95 per Person

3 Courses with a bottle of Prosecco
$80.00 Per Couple

A la Carte Prices Below

Appetizers
Wild Mushroom and Local Goat Cheese Tart with Balsamic Reduction
8

Lobster Bisque
8

Entrees
Chilean Sea Bass
Corn Meal Crusted with a Bacon and Corn Cream Sauce and Served with Garlic Spinach and Fingerling Potatoes
24

Pan Seared Duck Breast
Served with Wild Mushroom Risotto and Grilled Asparagus
24

Prime Rib Dinner
12 oz Prime Rib
Served with Whipped Potatoes, Haricot Vert, Au Jus and Horse Radish Cream Sauce
24, Help us with our Toys For Tots fundraiser December13th 2013., Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won. Teams of 8 and it's free to play.
Dinner Specials
 
Catch of the Moment

Cape Cod Potato Chip Haddock
Roasted potatoes, asparagus, cilantro aioli
17

Appetizer

Blackened Tuna Tacos 
Sweet chili slaw, chipotle aioli, flour tortilla
6

Entrees

Buffalo Chicken Dip
Peppers, onions, blue cheese, house chips
12

Orleans Pizza
Tomato sauce, pepperoni, banana peppers, jack cheese
12

Chicken Parmesan
Marinara sauce, mozzarella, penne pasta
16, Pasta Night

Catch of the Moment
Blackened Tilapia
Served with Black Beans, Basmati Rice, and Topped with Black Bean Avocado Salsa
17

Appetizer
Baked Shrimp Boulettes
Served with Coleslaw, Sweet Potato Chips, and Topped with Tartar Sauce
9

Pastas
All Pasta Dishes are $14.95 and Served with a House Salad

Fusilli and Sausage
Broccoli Rabe and Italian Sausage in a White Wine Sauce

Chicken and Prosciutto Alfredo
Grilled Chicken, Prosciutto, Sundried Tomatoes, Shallots, and Asparagus in a Creamy Alfredo Sauce

Wild Porcini Mushroom Ravioli
Served with Asparagus and Baby Spinach in a White Wine Cream Sauce, We will Be closed Tomorrow!, Dinner Specials

Catch of the Moment

Grilled Salmon
Served with parmesan risotto, asparagus, and a lemon oil
18

Appetizer

Frutti Di Mare Ravioli 
Topped with a cherry cream sauce
10

Entree

Blackened Chicken Tortellini
Served with asparagus, shallots, mushrooms, in a cream sauce
18

Grilled Bone in Pork Chop
Served with bacon mashed potatoes, asparagus, and a honey mustard sauce
16

Bourbon Turkey Tips
Served with a baby field green salad
14, Catch of the Moment

Grilled Salmon
Served with parmesan risotto, asparagus, and a lemon oil
18

Appetizer

Frutti Di Mare Ravioli 
Topped with a cherry cream sauce
10

Entree

Blackened Chicken Tortellini
Served with asparagus, shallots, mushrooms, in a cream sauce
18

Grilled Bone in Pork Chop
Served with bacon mashed potatoes, asparagus, and a honey mustard sauce
16

Bourbon Turkey Tips
Served with a baby field green salad
14

Wine Specials

Carnivor Cabernet Sauvignon
7

Las Rocas Rose
7

Redd’s Apple Ale
5

Sam Adams Noble Pils
5

Castano
6, Two Taco Tuesday

Chili con carne tacos
Pepperjack cheese in a crispy corn tortilla
5

Crispy Cod Tacos
Sweet chili slaw, chipotle aioli, in a  flour tortilla
6

Honey Hot Chicken Tacos
Lettuce, tomato and Blue Cheese Dressing in a Flour Tortilla
5

Sweet Chili Shrimp Tacos
Sweet Slaw and Chipotle Aioli in a Flour Tortilla
6

Drink Specials
Pomegranate Margarita
8
Modelo Cans
3, Monday Night Football and Pasta Night
49ers vs Redskins at 8:40pm

Pasta Night
Catch of the Moment

Grilled Salmon
Served with Grilled Asparagus, Potatoes Au Gratin, Topped with a Saffron Sauce, 17

Appetizer

Goat Cheese Stuffed Artichokes
Served with Salad, Crostini, and Marinara Sauce, 8

Pastas
All Pasta Dishes are $14.95 and Served with a House Salad

Lobster Penne
Lobster, Shallots, Mushrooms, And Leeks in a Sherry Cream Sauce 

Cajun Chicken and Shrimp Alfredo
Shrimp, Grilled Chicken, Sun Dried Tomatoes, Shallots, and Asparagus, in a Creamy Alfredo Sauce, and Served Over Cheese Tortellini

Chicken Fried Steak
Served with Mushrooms, Spinach, and Scallions, in a Cream Sauce Over Linguine

Seafood Linguine
Served with Grouper Cheeks, Mussels, Calamari, and Shrimp, in a Spicy Marinara Sauce, Karaoke tonight 10pm, its fun and its free, Dinner Specials

Catch of the Moment

Pan Seared Salmon
Served with arugula, beets, mandarin oranges, tomato, onions, and tzatziki sauce
17

Appetizer

Stuffed Fried Artichoke 
Stuffed with goat cheese. Served with a mixed salad and sriracha aioli
8

Entree

Blackened Chicken Tortellini
Served with Brussels sprouts, shallots, mushrooms, in a cream sauce
18

Grilled Bone in Pork Chop
Served with home made sweet potato fries, asparagus, and a port wine reduction
17

Pan Seared Ribeye Steak
10 oz served with scallion bacon mashed potatoes, baby carrots, and a Guinness glaze sauce
21

Wine Specials

Carnivor Cabernet Sauvignon
7
Las Rocas Rose
7
Redd’s Apple Ale
5
Sam Adams Noble Pils
5
Castano
6, Where is your holiday party going to be??

 Orleans still has a couple of days left in December...call Scott at (617)591-2100 or email scott@orleansrestaurant.com and let us do the work for you!!, What single color were candy canes for 200 years before becoming the traditional two-color, red-and-white stripe design known today? 

Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won. Teams of 8 and it's free to play., Who’s excited for this year’s Jingle Bell Run?, PATRIOTS vs PANTHERS at 8:40

Pasta Night Specials

Catch of the Moment

Almond Crusted Haddock
Served with Roasted Red Bliss Potatoes, Sautéed Spinach, Brussel Sprouts, and Topped with a Lemon Butter Sauce,  17

Appetizer

Fried Goat Cheese
Served with Marinara Sauce, Crostini, and a House Salad,  7

Pastas
All Pasta Dishes are $14.95 and Served with a House Salad

Lobster Penne
Lobster, Shallots, Shitake Mushrooms, and Bacon in a Sherry Cream Sauce 

Shrimp Scampi
Shrimp, Cherry Tomatoes, Spinach, in a White Wine Sauce, and Served Over Israeli Couscous

Chicken Fried Steak
Served with Mushrooms, Spinach, Artichokes, and Scallions, in a Cream Sauce Over Linguine

Chicken Fettuccini Alfredo
Served with Prosciutto, Shallots, and Artichokes, Catch of the Moment

Grilled Swordfish
Served with prosciutto risotto, sautéed spinach, and topped with basil aioli
17

Appetizer

Butternut Squash Ravioli 
Served with roasted squash and maple cream sauce
7

Entree

Blackened Pan Seared Ribeye Steak
12 oz steak served with lobster mashed potatoes, green beans, and topped with white truffle
20

Turkey Tips
Served with sweet potato fries, baby field green salad, and turkey gravy 
16

Panko Crusted Pork Loin
Served with roasted red bliss potatoes, sautéed spinach, and a port wine reduction
16

Dessert Special
Pumpkin Pie
3

Wine Specials

Carnivor Cabernet Sauvignon
7

Blackstone Merlot Sonoma Reserve
7

Las Rocas Rose
7

Redd’s Apple Ale
5
Sam Adams Noble Pils
6, *~THURSDAY NIGHT HOCKEY AND FOOTBALL AT ORLEANS~*

COME DOWN, WATCH THE GAMES, AND ENJOY 50 cent WING NIGHT!

BRUINS vs BLUE JACKETS at 7pm and COLTS play the TITANS at 8:45pm, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won. Teams of 8 and it's free to play.

Catch of the Moment

Grilled Swordfish
Mediterranean vegetables, basil aioli, balsamic reduction
17

Appetizer

Fried Green Tomato Sliders 
Chipotle aioli, sweet potato fries
10

Entree

Pulled Pork Sandwich
Swiss cheese, coleslaw, Portuguese sweet roll
12

Turkey Tips
Mashed potatoes, green beans, turkey gravy 
15

Grilled Pork Loin
Red bliss potatoes, brussel sprouts, port wine reduction
16

Dessert Special

Pumpkin Pie
3, Two Taco Tuesday

Pulled Pork Tacos
American Cheese and Sour Cream in a  Crispy Corn Tortilla
5
Blackened Swordfish Tacos
Sweet Chili Slaw, Sriracha aioli, lettuce and tomato in a Flour Tortilla
6

Buffalo Chicken Tacos
Lettuce, tomato, and blue cheese, in a Flour Tortilla
5

Crispy Shrimp Tacos
Chili Slaw and Chipotle aioli in a Flour Tortilla
6, Pasta Night

Catch of the Moment

Baked Haddock
Fresh Baked Haddock Served with Sautéed Leeks, Mashed Potatoes, Summer Vegetables, and Topped with a Lemon Butter Sauce
17

Appetizer

Fried Artichokes
Served with a Creamy Chipotle Ranch Sauce and Crostini
7

Pastas
All Pasta Dishes are $14.95 and Served with a House Salad

Frutti Di Mare
Grouper Cheeks, Mussels, and Calamari, in a Spicy Marinara Sauce, and Served Over Linguine 

Paella Macaroni and Cheese
Gulf Shrimp, Smoked Ham Chorizo, Peppers, Onions, and Cavatappi Pasta in a Saffron Cheese Sauce

Sausage and Shrimp
Sausage, Shrimp, Shallots and Arugula, tossed in a White Wine Sauce and Served Over Linguine, HAPPY VETERANS DAY! 
A Very Special Thank You To All Those Who Have Served and Continue to Serve Our Country

Veterans Day Brunch Specials 

Corned Beef Hash & Eggs
Two eggs any style
14

Steak Tips & Eggs
Orleans famous steak tips cooked to your liking, two eggs any style, and served with home fries
14

Orleans Omelet
Caramelized onions, chorizo, red peppers, Swiss cheese, served with home fries and your choice of fruit or toast
10

Breakfast Quesadilla
Served with jack cheese, bacon, scallions, sausage, pico de gallo, guacamole, and sour cream
12

French Toast Platter
French toast served with scrambled eggs, sausage, and home fries
12, Seafood Sunday

Catch of the Moment

Baked Haddock
Fresh Baked Haddock served with Sautéed Leeks, Mashed Potatoes, Summer Vegetables, and topped with Lemon Butter Sauce
18

Appetizer

Fried Lobster Tacos
Fried Lobster and Sweet Chili Slaw in Soft Corn Tortillas with Smoked Japeleno Aioli
7

Entree

Seafood Linguine
Grouper Cheeks, Shrimp, Mussels, Lobster in a Spicy Marinara Sauce
19

Crab and Spinach Mac & Cheese
Crab and Sautéed Spinach Mixed with Cavatappi Pasta and a Creamy Cheese Sauce
17

Cajun Caesar Salad
Six Cajun Shrimp, Pan Seared, and Served Over our House Caesar Salad
14, NFL Sunday Ticket playing all day. Come enjoy all of the games on any of our 14 TVs, plus great Game Day Bites, and a variety of festive fall beers!!, Karaoke tonight 10pm, its fun and its free, Dinner Specials

Catch of the Moment

Grilled Salmon
Freshly caught grilled salmon, served with zucchini, sautéed spinach, and potato au gratin topped with lemon saffron sauce
18

Appetizer

Spinach and Crab Dip 
Served with house tortilla chips and grilled flatbread
12

Entree

Grilled Flank Steak
Served with scallions, bacon, mashed potato, green beans, topped with a black bean and avocado salsa
17

Portuguese Seafood Stew
Served with grouper cheeks, salmon, shrimp, and a saffron tomato sauce
19

Drink Specials

Carnivor Cabernet Sauvignon
A sophisticated wine whose bold, intense flavor is matched by a refined smoothness
7

Zaco Tempranillo 
Bright fruit flavors, notes of liquorice, and faint undertones of spice
7

Blackstone Merlot Sonoma Reserve
7

Las Rocas Rose
7, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won.Teams of 8 and it's free to play., Two Taco Tuesday

Vegetable Tacos
Avocado, Onion, Cilantro and Tomato in a Crispy Corn Tortilla
5
Buffalo Chicken Tacos
Lettuce, Tomato and Blue Cheese
 in a Flour Tortilla
5
Blackened Tuna Tacos
Chili Slaw and Sriracha Aioli in a Flour Tortilla
6
Crispy Shrimp Tacos
Sweet Slaw and Chipotle Aioli in a Four Tortilla
6

Drink Specials
Pomegranate Margarita
8
Viceroy Daiquiri
Mariposa Agave Nectar liqueur, silver rum, lime juice, grapefruit juice, simple syrup, soda water
8, Pasta Night

Catch of the Moment

North Atlantic Red Fish
Caught Locally on the “Sea Farmer” by Captain Clark Sandler and Served with Creamy Saffron Risotto, and Sautéed Spinach with a Lemon Saffron Sauce
17

Pastas
All Pasta Dishes are $14.95 and Served with a House Salad

Chicken and Sausage
Served with Broccoli Rabe, Peppers, Onions, Penne Pasta, and a Garlic White Wine Sauce 

White Truffle Macaroni and Cheese
Mushrooms, Broccoli, and Cavatappi Pasta Mixed Together in a Creamy Cheese Sauce

Chicken and Prosciutto Alfredo
Served with Shallots and Spinach Over Linguine, Come on down and join us for Sunday Funday!! We have NFL Sunday Ticket and great Game Day Bites!!

 Pats kick off against the Steelers at 4:25!, Catch Of the moment

Pan Seared Trout
Basmati rice, black beans, broccoli rabe, tomatillo, mango, jalapeño salsa
18

Appetizer

Pulled Pork Sliders
American cheese, house chips
8

Entrees

Chicken Parmesan
Fresh mozzarella, marinara sauce, fresh linguine
16

Homemade Meatloaf
Mashed potatoes, green beans, beef gravy
15

Seafood Risotto
Salmon, swordfish, shrimp, spinach, garlic wine sauce
18

Drink Specials

Strawberry Lemonade
Our house infused strawberry lemonade vodka mixed with lemonade
6

Carnivor Cabernet Sauvignon
A sophisticated wine whose bold, intense flavor is matched by a refined smoothness.
7

Zaco Tempranillo 
Bright fruit flavors, notes of liquorice, and faint undertones of spice.
7

Blackstone Merlot Sonoma Reserve
7

Las Rocas Rose
7

Coors Golden Banquet
3, Join us Tonight, for Karaoke and a Costume Contest! 1st place prize are 2 Bruins tickets, 2nd place prize is a $75 Gift Card to any Superior Dining Group Restaurant, Catch Of the moment

Pan Seared Trout
Basmati rice, black beans, broccoli rabe, tomatillo, mango, jalapeño salsa
18

Dinner Specials

Appetizer

Pulled Pork Sliders
American cheese, house chips
8

Entrees

Chicken Parmesan
Fresh mozzarella, marinara sauce, fresh linguine
16

Homemade Meatloaf
Mashed potatoes, green beans, beef gravy
15

Seafood Risotto
Salmon, swordfish, shrimp, spinach, garlic wine sauce
18

Drink Specials

Strawberry Lemonade
Our house infused strawberry lemonade vodka mixed with lemonade
6

Carnivor Cabernet Sauvignon
A sophisticated wine whose bold, intense flavor is matched by a refined smoothness.
7

Zaco Tempranillo 
Bright fruit flavors, notes of liquorice, and faint undertones of spice.
7

Blackstone Merlot Sonoma Reserve
7

Las Rocas Rose
7, Come watch GAME 6 of the WORLD SERIES on one of our 14 TVS!#WinToday, Two Taco Tuesday

Pulled Pork Tacos
American Cheese, Crispy Corn Tortilla
5
Blackened Swordfish Tacos
Sriracha aioli, lettuce, tomato, flour tortillas
5
Buffalo Chicken Tacos
Lettuce, tomato, blue cheese, flour tortillas
5

Crispy Shrimp Tacos
Sweet Slaw, chimichurri, chipotle aioli, flour tortillas
6

Drink Specials
Pomegranate Margarita
8
Viceroy Daiquiri
Mariposa Agave Nectar liqueur, silver rum, lime juice, grapefruit juice, simple syrup, soda water
8, New promotions at Orleans! http://conta.cc/1erSJza, Come watch GAME 5 of the WORLD SERIES on one of our 14 TVS!

Pasta Monday Specials

Oktoberfest Appetizers

Knockwurst Sliders
Sauerkraut, Swiss Cheese, Tavern Mustard
6
Potato Pancakes
Horseradish Cream Sauce
6
Fried Brie
Served with Apricot Sauce
6
Pulled Pork Sandwich
With Fried Pickles, Coleslaw, Pepper Jack Cheese, on a Grilled Brioche Bun and Topped with an Onion Ring
12

Pastas

All Pasta Dishes are $14.95 and Served with a House Salad

Chicken Fried Steak
Served with Peppers, Mushroom, and a Scallion Cream Sauce Over Linguine

Pan Seared Scallops
Served with Broccoli, Shallots, and Marinara Sauce Over Linguine

Salmon Cavatappi
Spinach, Cherry Tomatoes, Asparagus in a Lemon Cream Sauce, Come watch GAME 4 of the WORLD SERIES with us!!

Seafood Sunday

Oktoberfest Appetizers

Knockwurst Sliders
Sauerkraut, Swiss Cheese, Tavern Mustard
6
Potato Pancakes
Horseradish Cream Sauce
6
Fried Brie
Served with Apricot Sauce
6

Entrees

Grilled Salmon
Served with Grilled Asparagus over Creamy Saffron Risotto
18
Pan Seared Trout
Served with Roasted Red Bliss Potatoes and Steamed Broccoli with a Pineapple Salsa
16
Cajun Shrimp 
Over a Caesar Salad
12
Crab Dip
Served with Potato Chips, Tortilla Chips and Flat Bread
12, Come on down and join us for Sunday Funday!! We have NFL Sunday Ticket and great Game Day Bites!!

Pats and Dolphins at 1pm, Two MORE HOURS! #WinToday
LET'S GO RED SOX!!
 Come on down and watch GAME 3 of the WORLD SERIES on one of our fourteen tvs complete with surround sound!!, Dinner Specials

Oktoberfest Appetizers 

Knockwurst Sliders
Sauerkraut, Swiss cheese, tavern mustard
6

Potato Pancakes
Horseradish cream sauce
6

Fried Brie
Served with an apricot sauce
6

Entrees

Fish of the Moment
Blackened Red Snapper
Served with rice, beans, and fried plantains and a pineapple salsa
19

Pulled Pork Sandwich
Juicy pulled pork, pepper jack cheese, and coleslaw served on a brioche bun with French fries
12

Drink Specials

Strawberry Lemonade
Our house infused strawberry lemonade vodka mixed with lemonade
6

Carnivor Cabernet Sauvignon
A sophisticated wine whose bold, intense flavor is matched by a refined smoothness.
7

Zaco Tempranillo 
Bright fruit flavors, notes of liquorice, and faint undertones of spice.
7

Blackstone Sonoma Reserve
7

Las Rocas Rose
7, LET'S GO RED SOX!!
 Come on down and watch GAME 2 of the WORLD SERIES on one of our fourteen tvs complete with surround sound!!, Come on Down and try our new menu!, Exciting Holiday Offers from Orleans Restaurant http://conta.cc/1aDVxFl, It’s go time. Game 6 starts NOW., Dinner Specials

Oktoberfest Appetizers 

Knockwurst Sliders
Sauerkraut, Swiss cheese, tavern mustard
6

Potato Pancakes
Horseradish cream sauce
6

Fried Brie
Served with an apricot sauce
6

Panko Crusted Oysters 
Served over wakame salad with sriracha aioli 
10

Entrees

Mahi Mahi 
Served with rice, black beans, fried plantains, and a mango salad 
18

Short Rib and Guinness Pie 
Served with carrots, celery, cipolin onions, and mushrooms in a rich stout demi topped with flaky puff crust and a side of horseradish mashed potatoes
16

Bistro Chicken
Served with winter squash, hash, and sautéed Swiss chard pan au jus
17

Drink Specials

Viceroy Daiquiri
Mariposa Agave Nectar liqueur, silver rum, lime juice, grapefruit juice, simple syrup, soda water
8

Skeleton Malbec
7, Join us on Halloween, Thursday, October 31st for Karaoke and a Costume Contest!  1st place prize are 2 Bruins tickets, 2nd place prize is a $75 Gift Card to any Superior Dining Group Restaurant, Jon Lester takes the mound looking to take a 3-2 series lead back to Boston. Are you ready for Game 5? #WinToday, Dinner Specials

Oktoberfest Appetizers 

Knockwurst Sliders
Sauerkraut, Swiss cheese, tavern mustard
6

Potato Pancakes
Horseradish cream sauce
6

Fried Brie
Served with an apricot sauce
6

Entrees

Panko Crusted Oysters 
wakame salad, siracha aioli 
10

Scallops Wrapped in Bacon 
Served with scallions, mashed potatoes, green beans, brandy peppercorn sauce
14

Grilled  Filet Mignon Sandwich
Lettuce, tomato, avocado, chimichuri, chipotle aioli  French baguette
12

Drink Specials

Viceroy Daiquiri
Mariposa Agave Nectar liqueur, silver rum, lime juice, grapefruit juice, simple syrup, soda water
8

Porter Square Pyrat
Pyrat rum, pineapple juice, orange juice, patron citronge float
8

Skeleton Malbec
7, Two Taco Tuesday

Crispy Shrimp Tacos
Sweet Slaw and Chipotle Aioli in a Flour Tortilla
6
Blackened Tuna Tacos
Asian Slaw and Honey Jerk in a Flour Tortilla
6
Buffalo Pulled Chicken Tacos
Peppers, Onions and American Cheese in a Crispy Flour Tortilla
5
Vegetable Tacos
Avocado, Black Bean, Tomato and Onion Salad in a Crispy Corn Tortilla
5

Drink Specials
Pomegranate Margarita
8
Viceroy Daiquiri
Mariposa Agave Nectar liqueur, silver rum, lime juice, grapefruit juice, simple syrup, soda water
8, Come join us for Monday night football and Pasta Night!!
Oktoberfest Appetizers

Knockwurst Sliders
Served with Sauerkraut, Swiss Cheese and Tavern Mustard
6

Potato Pancakes
Accompanied by a horseradish cream dipping sauce.
6

Fried Brie
Served with Apricot Sauce
6

Pastas
All Pastas are $14.95 and Served with a House Salad

Chicken Fried Steak
Served over linguini and peppers in a scallion cream sauce. 

Pork and Beef Ragu
Ricotta stuffed rigatoni served in a pork and beef ragu

Scallops with Linguini
Served with asparagus, broccoli, and shallots in a spicy marinara sauce.

Vegetable Macaroni and Cheese
Cavatappi pasta served with broccoli, mushrooms, artichokes, and asparagus in a creamy cheese sauce.

Drink Specials

Naragansett Summer Lager
3.50

Skeleton Malbec
7, Game time 4:25pm, Seafood Sunday

Oktoberfest Appetizers

Knockwurst Sliders
Sauerkraut, Swiss Cheese, Tavern Mustard
6

Potato Pancakes
Horseradish Cream Sauce
6

Fried Brie
Served with Apricot Sauce
6

Shrimp Cocktail
Served with cocktail sauce
8

Entrees

Seafood Risotto
Served with mussels, lobster, and calamari in a saffron sauce
18

Scallops with Fettuccini
Served with broccoli, shallots, artichokes, and a spicy marinara sauce
17

Shrimp Po Boy Sandwich
Served with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, chipotle aioli, in a French baguette
12

Drink Specials 

Skeleton Malbec
7

Twisted Tea Pints
6

Narragansett Summer Lager
3.50, null, At 1:00pm we have:

Bengals vs. Bills 
Lions vs. Browns 
Rams vs. Texans
Steelers vs. Jets
Packers vs. Ravens
Panthers vs. Vikings
Raiders vs. Chiefs 
Eagles vs. Buccaneers, Sunday fun day at Orleans! Join us for football, hockey, and baseball all day long!, 2 HOURS!! Lester vs. Sanchez. #WinToday, Dinner Specials

Oktoberfest Appetizers 

Knockwurst Sliders
Sauerkraut, Swiss cheese, tavern mustard
6

Potato Pancakes
Horseradish cream sauce
6

Fried Brie
Served with an apricot sauce
6

Shrimp Cocktail
Served with cocktail sauce
8

Entrees

Bone-in Pork Chop 
Served with sweet potato fries, grilled asparagus, onions rings, topped with honey Dijon sauce 
16

Grilled Hanger Steak
Served with scallions, mashed potatoes, green beans, and a brandy peppercorn sauce
18

Seafood Risotto
Served with lobster, mussels, scallops, and shrimp, in a saffron wine sauce 
21, null, null, null, null, Two Taco Tuesday

Honey Hot Chicken Tacos
Lettuce, Tomato and Blue Cheese in a Flour Tortilla
5
Pulled Pork Tacos
Cheddar Cheese and Sour Cream in a Crispy Flour Tortilla
5
Texas Chili Tacos
Chili and Cheddar Cheese in a Crispy Corn Tortilla
5
Crispy Shrimp Tacos
Sweet slaw, Chimichurri and Chipotle Aioli in a Flour Tortilla
6, RED SOX vs TAMPA BAY
It's game 3 of the playoffs tonight at 6:oo p.m. Come down and join us for the game!!, The Playoffs continue today @ 5.30p.m. when the Red Sox play game 2 against the Rays., Dinner Specials

Oktoberfest Appetizers 

Knockwurst Sliders
Sauerkraut, Swiss cheese, tavern mustard
6

Potato Pancakes
Horseradish cream sauce
6

Fried Brie
Served with an apricot sauce
6

Entrees

Bone-in Pork Chop 
Served with fried polenta, grilled asparagus, and an apricot sauce 
17

Fried Chicken
Served with mashed potatoes, sautéed broccoli, and topped with a scallion bacon gravy
16

Seafood Cannelloni
Served with asparagus, mushrooms, spinach, and topped with a spicy marinara sauce 
18, Red Sox play at 3:07pm! Join us for Game 1!, #Postseason got you feeling #SoAlive? The NLDS starts TODAY, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won.Teams of 8 and it's free to play. Try one of our Fall Beer's while you play. #teamtrivia Dinner Specials

Oktoberfest Appetizers 

Knockwurst Sliders
Sauerkraut, Swiss cheese, tavern mustard
6

Potato Pancakes
Horseradish cream sauce
6

Fried Brie
Served with a apricot sauce
6

Entrees

Chorizo and Mussels 
Spicy garlic wine sauce 
12

Turkey Gobbler
Turkey, stuffing, cranberry mayo, marble rye, gravy fries
12

Shrimp Paella
Chorizo, peppers, onions, tomatoes, saffron rice 
15

Grilled Swordfish 
Fried polenta, sautéed spinach, lemon au jus
18

Butternut Squash Ravioli
Onions, mushrooms, asparagus, maple cream sauce
16, Two Taco Tuesday

Honey Hot Chicken Tacos
Lettuce, Tomato and Blue Cheese in a Flour Tortilla
5
Vegetable Tacos 
Avocado, Tomato, Cilantro and Black Bean Salad in a Crispy Corn Tortilla 
5
Blackened Shrimp Tacos
Lemon Slaw and Honey Jerk Sauce in a Soft Corn Tortilla
6
Crispy Cod Fish Tacos
Sweet Slaw, Chimichurri and Chipotle Aioli in a Flour Tortilla
6
#tacos, It's Pasta Monday at Orleans!

Appetizer

Butternut Squash Ravioli
Served with roasted carrots and a sage cream
7

Pasta
All dishes are $14.95 and served with a house salad

Vegetable Gnocchi
Sauteed shrimp, chicken, broccoli, and mozzarella cheese together in a house marinara sauce

Blackened Shrimp Linguine
Blackened shrimp, broccoli, and red peppers in a cheddar cream sauce over linguine

Seafood Cannelloni
Topped with shrimp and smothered in a creamy alfredo sauce, Come join us for SUNDAY FUNDAY, we have NFL ticket and great game day specials!! 

GAME DAY SPECIALS ARE $6 EACH

Chili Cheese Dog
Grilled Kielbasa with Tavern Mustard Dipping Sauce
Double Cheeseburger
Buffalo Chicken Tacos
Sausage, Pepper, and Onion Sandwich, Join us Tonight For Karaoke! Come Sing or Request Your Favorite Song With The On Demand DJ's
#karaoke, Dinner Specials

Appetizer

Scallop and Shrimp Tapas 
Served with crostini bread and a garlic cream sauce 
12

Entrees

Baked Haddock
Served with roasted vegetables over lobster ravioli, topped with a lemon butter white wine sauce
19

Guinness Beef Stew
Served with aromatic vegetables, topped with mashed potatoes 
14

Steak Fajita 
Served with basmati rice, black beans, peppers, onions, avocado, pico de gallo, and sour cream in soft corn tortillas
16

Grilled Turkey Tips
Served with mashed potatoes, roasted vegetables, and turkey gravy
14

Drink Specials

Leinenkugel Summer Shandy
3.50

Narragansett Summer Ale
3.50

Porter Square Pyrat
Pyrat rum, pineapple juice, orange juice, patron citronge float
8

Skeleton Malbec
7, It's a beautiful fall day to join us for lunch on the patio with a shipyard pumpkinhead. YUM!, Come on down and watch Thursday Night Football on our 14 TV's
#thursdaynightfootball
#wings
50 cent wings
GAME DAY SPECIALS ARE $6 EACH

 Chili Cheese Dog

 Grilled Kielbasa with Tavern Mustard Dipping Sauce

 Double Cheeseburger

 Two Buffalo Chicken Tacos

 Sausage, Pepper, and Onion Sandwich, Dinner Specials

Appetizer

Scallop and Shrimp Tapas 
Crostini bread, garlic wine sauce 
12

Entrees

Stuffed Rigatoni
Ricotta cheese, beef ragu
15

Blackened Salmon
Basmati rice, black beans, honey jerk sauce 
17

Grilled 14oz Ribeye Steak 
House fries, asparagus, demi glaze
20

Grilled Turkey Tips
Served with mashed potatoes, green beans, and turkey gravy
16

Drink Specials

Leinenkugel Summer Shandy
3.50

Narragansett Summer Ale
3.50

Porter Square Pyrat
Pyrat rum, pineapple juice, orange juice, patron citronge float
8

Skeleton Malbec
7, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won.Teams of 8 and it's free to play. Try one of our Fall Beer's while you play. #teamtrivia #fallbeer
 Shipyard Pumpkinhead
 Wachusett Pumpkan
 Hofbrau Oktoberfest
 Brooklyn Oktoberfest
 Cisco Pumple Drumkin
 Southern Tier Harvest
 Southern Tier Pumking
 Ayinger
 Shipyard Pumpkinhead (Draft)
 Longtrail Harvest (Draft)
 Victory Festbier (Draft)
 Paulaner Oktoberfest (Draft)
 Wachusett Octoberfest (Draft)
 Jacko Traveler Pumpkin Shandy (Draft), We are now showing every Barclay's English Premier League game on Saturday and Sunday mornings (on NBC Sports & NBC Sports Extra Time)! #barclaysepl #soccer #nbcsports, Come join us for pasta night and Monday night football!
Raiders and Broncos at 8:40

Appetizer
Fried Goat Cheese
Served with marinara sauce and a side salad
$7

Pastas
Pastas $14.95 Served with a House Salad

Tex Mex Lasagna
Zucchini, summer squash, peppers, onion, and corn tortillas topped with a sweet cream corn sauce  

Potato Gnocchi 
Shrimp, chicken, broccoli, and asparagus mixed together in a vodka sauce

Pan seared Scallops
Served with asparagus, artichokes, and shallots, tossed in a white wine sauce then served over linguine

Beef Ragout
Served over three cheese tortellini, Join us Tonight For Karaoke! Come Sing or Request Your Favorite Song With Our Karaoke DJ!!, Dinner Specials

Appetizer

Jumbo Crab Cake 
Served with baby field green salad and tzatziki sauce 
10

Entrees

Pan Seared Scallops
Served with mashed potatoes, collard greens, and a bacon vinaigrette 
21

Backed Haddock
Served with parmesan risotto, grilled asparagus, and a lemon wine sauce 
17

Blackened 14oz Ribeye Steak 
Served with aromatic vegetable rice, black beans, and corn on the cob
22

Grilled Turkey Tips
Served with mashed potatoes, green beans, and turkey gravy
16

Drink Specials

Viceroy Daiquiri
Mariposa Agave Nectar liqueur, silver rum, lime juice, grapefruit juice, simple syrup, soda water
8

Porter Square Pyrat
Pyrat rum, pineapple juice, orange juice, patron citronge float
8

Skeleton Malbec
7, Specials

Appetizer

Buffalo Chicken Dip 
House Chips 
10

Entrees

Blackened 14oz Rib-Eye
House fries, onion rings, asparagus, demi glaze 
20

Crab Cake Sandwich
Avocado, chipotle aioli, brioche roll
13

Butternut Squash Ravioli 
Shallots, mushrooms, roasted squash, maple cream sauce
15

Fried Chicken
Mashed Potatoes, succotash
, cornbread, scallion bacon gravy
16, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won.Teams of 8 and it's free to play., Join us Tonight For Karaoke! Come Sing or Request Your Favorite Song With Our Karaoke DJ!!, Specials

Appetizer

Butternut Squash Ravioli 
Roasted squash and sage brown butter, topped with a fried carrot 
9

Entrees

Blackened 14oz Rib-Eye
Served with basmati rice, black beans, sautéed onions and peppers topped off with pico de gallo 
21

Stuffed Pork Loin
Stuffed with chorizo and shallots served with mashed potatoes, grilled asparagus, and a sriracha cream sauce 
16

Lobster Ravioli 
Served with collard greens, asparagus, cherry tomatoes, in a lemon white wine sauce.
19

Chicken Marsala
Served with mashed potatoes and green beans in a marsala white wine sauce
16, COME JOIN US FOR THURSDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL!!
 Patriots VS Jets 

 GAME DAY SPECIALS ARE $6 EACH

 Chili Cheese Dog

 Grilled Kielbasa with Tavern Mustard Dipping Sauce

 Double Cheeseburger

 Two Buffalo Chicken Tacos

 Sausage, Pepper, and Onion Sandwich, “I love eating chicken with my bare hands. It makes me want to snarl at people, even more than usual.”

50 Cent Wings Tonight, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won.Teams of 8 and it's free to play.

Specials

Appetizer

Blackened duck tacos

Served with lemon coleslaw and chipotle aioli
6

Entrees

Pan Seared Snapper 
Served with lobster risotto and asparagus in a lemon wine sauce 
19

Grilled Flank Steak 
Served with basmati rice, black beans, avocado and pico de gallo 
17

Stuffed Pork Loin
 Shallot and chorizo stuffing served with mashed potatoes and an asparagus cream sriracha sauce  
18
Turkey burger 
Pepper Jack Cheese, Avocado, Chipotle Aioli
12, Come watch World Cup Qualifying soccer with us on one of our 14 TVs!

Uruguay VS Colombia @5pm

 USA VS Mexico @ 8pm

 Honduras VS Panama @ 9pm

 Costa Rica VS Jamaica @ 7pm, Be on the lookout for our fall seasonal/Octoberfest draft beers. We have 4 on draft now and another 6 on the way!  #fallbrews #octoberfest #pumpkinbeer #footballseason, COME JOIN US FOR MONDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL!!
Eagles Redskins at 7:10
Chargers Texans at 10:20

GAME DAY SPECIALS ARE $6 EACH

Cubano Sandwich

Chili Cheese Dog

Grilled Kielbasa with Tavern Mustard Dipping Sauce

Double Cheeseburgers

Two Buffalo Chicken Tacos

Sausage, Pepper, and Onion Sandwich, Seafood Sunday

Appetizer

Blackened Shrimp Tacos
Served with sweet chili coleslaw and chipotle aioli
6

Entrees

Mussels and Chorizo
Served with a spicy garlic wine sauce
12

Pan Seared Salmon
Served with rice, beans, and avocado
17

Pan Seared Snapper
Served with fried polenta, grilled asparagus, and salsa roja
18

Frutti di mare
Served with calamari, lobster, mussels, and marinara sauce over linguini
20

Drink Specials

Viceroy Daiquiri
Mariposa Agave Nectar liqueur, silver rum, lime juice, grapefruit juice, simple syrup, soda water
8

Porter Square Pyrat
Pyrat rum, pineapple juice, orange juice, patron citronge float
8
Skeleton Malbec
7, Hey fantasy fans! Come on down and watch your team on our 14 TV'S, Come in for karaoke at 10pm with On Demand DJs!, Dinner Specials

Appetizer

Buffalo Chicken Dip
Served with tortilla chips, house potato chips, and flat bread 
12

Entrees

Pan Seared Snapper 
Served with au gratin potatoes, sautéed spinach, and topped with a lime saffron sauce 
18

Grilled Flank Steak 
Served with basmati rice, black beans, avocado, and pico de gallo 
17

Grilled Pork Loin 
 Served with fried polenta, grilled asparagus, and topped with a port wine reduction 
16

Potato Gnocchi 
Served with sautéed chicken, shrimp, artichokes, broccoli, shallots, and a vodka sauce
16

Drink Specials

Viceroy Daiquiri
Mariposa Agave Nectar liqueur, silver rum, lime juice, grapefruit juice, simple syrup, soda water
8

Porter Square Pyrat
Pyrat rum, pineapple juice, orange juice, patron citronge float
8

Skeleton Malbec
7, Denver Vs Baltimore 8:30 PM, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won.Teams of 8 and it's free to play., Two Taco Tuesday

Pulled pork tacos
American Cheese in a Crispy Corn Tortilla served with a side of Sour Cream
5

Buffalo Chicken Tacos 
Lettuce, Tomato and Blue Cheese Dressing in a Flour Tortilla
5

Cod Fish Tacos
Sweet Chili Slaw, Chimichurri And Chipotle Aioli in a Flour Tortilla
6

Blackened Duck Tacos
Sweet Slaw, Chipotle Aioli in a Flour Tortilla
6

Drink Specials

Pomegranate Margarita
8

Viceroy Daiquiri
Mariposa Agave Nectar liqueur, silver rum, lime juice, grapefruit juice, simple syrup, soda water
8, Orleans’ Pasta Night

Blackened Duck Taco
Sweet chili slaw, chipotle aioli
6

Pastas
Pastas $14.95 Served with a House Salad

Shrimp Scampi
Cherry Tomatoes and Lemon Caper Sauce over Linguine 

Buffalo Chicken Macaroni & Cheese
Chicken Homemade Queso, buffalo sauce, panko bread crumbs

Chicken Prosciutto Fettuccine
Shallots Asparagus, broccoli, Alfredo sauce over fettuccini 

Pasta Primavera
Zucchini, yellow squash, broccoli, asparagus, cauliflower, cheese tortellini, marinara sauce, Brunch Specials

David square Omelette
Cheddar, bacon, mushrooms, tomatoes, side of home fries, choice of fruit 
10

Orleans Omelette
Caramelized onion, chorizo, red peppers, swiss, side of home fries, choice of fruit
 10

American breakfast
Two buttermilk pancakes, two eggs, home fries, choice of bacon or sausage
10

Eggs Benedict
Two soft poached eggs, English muffin, hollandaise sauce, side of home fries
10, Appetizer

Spinach and Artichoke Dip 
Served with flat bread and house made chips
12

Entrees

Buffalo chicken macaroni & cheese
Chicken, homemade queso, buffalo sauce, panko bread crumbs
17

Grilled Sirloin Steak
Served with basmati rice, black beans, sautéed onion, peppers and pico de gallo
20

Frutti di mare 
Calamari, mussels, lobster, in a garlic white wine sauce over linguini pasta
19

Pan Roasted Duck Breast
Served with scallion, bacon, potato cake and  asparagus  topped with a Fig Sauce
18, DJ starts spinning at 9pm, no cover only a good time!!!, Tonight's Dinner Specials

Appetizer
Scallop and Shrimp Tapas
Served with Crostini Bread in a Spicy Garlic Wine Sauce
12

Entrees

Chicken Prosciutto Pasta
With Asparagus, Shallots, Artichokes and Marinara Sauce over Linguini
17

Grilled Sirloin Steak
Served with French Fries, Onion Rings and Asparagus. Topped with a Gorgonzola Glaze
20

Pan Seared Salmon
Served with Scallion and Bacon Potato Cake, Mixed Vegetables and topped with a Sage Cream Sauce
19

Pan Roasted Duck Breast
Served with Couscous Salad and topped with a Fig Sauce
18

Drink Specials

Viceroy Daiquiri
Mariposa Agave Nectar liqueur, silver rum, lime juice, grapefruit juice, simple syrup, soda water
8

Porter Square Pyrat
Pyrat rum, pineapple juice, orange juice, patron citronge float
8
Skeleton Malbec
7, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won.Teams of 8 and it's free to play., Two Taco Tuesday
Cajun Shrimp Tacos
Lemon Cole Slaw and Cilantro Aioli in a Flour Tortilla
6
Buffalo Chicken Tacos 
Lettuce, Tomato and Blue Cheese Dressing in a Flour Tortilla
5
Cod Fish Tacos
Sweet Chili Slaw, Chimichurri and Chipotle Aioli in a Flour Tortilla
6
Vegetarian Tacos
Black Bean Avocado Salad with Tomato and Onion in a Crispy Corn Tortilla 
5, Orleans’ Pasta Night
Fried Goat Cheese
Mixed greens, marinara sauce
7
Pastas
Pastas $14.95 Served with a House Salad

Lobster Ravioli
 Cheese sauce, cracker crumb topping 

Chicken and Shrimp
Served with artichokes, broccoli, shallots, and vodka sauce over potato gnocchi

Scallops and Fettuccine
Cherry tomatoes, spinach, artichokes, lemon wine sauce over fettuccini 

Pasta Primavera
Zucchini, yellow squash, broccoli, asparagus, cheese tortellini, marinara sauce
 
Drink Specials
Viceroy Daiquiri
Mariposa Agave Nectar liqueur, silver rum, lime juice, grapefruit juice, simple syrup, soda water
8
Porter Square Pyrat
Pyrat rum, pineapple juice, orange juice, patron citronge float
8
Skeleton Malbec
7, Come on down for the hippest, hand jiviest, most rad karaoke ever tonight at Orleans! We will, oh yes, we will rock you starting at 10 pm, Tonight's Dinner Specials

Appetizer

Steak Fiorentini Eggroll
Served with a Creamy Ranch Sauce
7

Entrees

Pan Seared Scallops
Served with Parmesan Risotto, Broccoli Rabe and topped with a Sriracha Cream Sauce
21

Blackened and Grilled Flank Steak
Served with Basmati Rice, Black Beans, Avocado and Pico de Gallo
18

Bone-in Grilled Pork Chop
Served with Scallion and Bacon Potato Cake, Grilled Asparagus and topped with Dijon Sauce
17

Pan Roasted Duck Breast
Served over Potato Gnocchi and Sauteed Spinach and topped with Asian Sauce
18, Order up! Come on down tonight for 50 cent wings! They fly off the plate so catch em early!, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm. $500 Cash jackpot and prizes to be won.Teams of 8 and it's free to play.

Tonight's Dinner Specials

Appetizer
Crispy Cheese Arancini  
Side Salad, Marinara Sauce
8
Entrees
Grilled Bone-in Pork Chop
Served with Bacon Scallion Potato Cake, asparagus, Dijon mustard sauce
17
Grilled Flank Steak 
Basmati Rice, black beans, sautéed peppers, onions, Pico De Gallo
18
Lobster Ravioli
 Grilled Shrimp, Over Lobster Ravioli, Sautéed Spinach, Sriracha Cream Sauce
19

Turkey Burger
Swiss and Cheddar cheeses, avocado, chipotle aioli, house fries
12

Drink Specials

Viceroy Daiquiri
Mariposa Agave Nectar liqueur, silver rum, lime juice, grapefruit juice, simple syrup, soda water
8

Porter Square Pyrat
Pyrat rum, pineapple juice, orange juice, patron citronge float
8
Skeleton Malbec
7, Two Taco Tuesday
  Cajun Shrimp Tacos
Lemon Cole Slaw and Cilantro Aioli in a Flour Tortilla
$6
Snow Crab Tacos
Lettuce and Chipotle Aioli in a Soft Corn Tortilla
$6
Buffalo Chicken Tacos 
Lettuce, Tomato and Blue Cheese Dressing in a Flour Tortilla
$5
Cod Fish Tacos
Sweet Chili Slaw, Chimichurri and Chipotle Aioli in a Flour Tortilla
$5
Turkey Chili Tacos
American Cheese in a Crispy Corn Tortilla
$5, Orleans’ Pasta Night

Prosciutto and Mozzarella Arancini 
Served with marinara sauce
7

Pastas $14.95 Served with a House Salad

Lobster Ravioli
Served with shallots, asparagus, cherry tomatoes, and a lemon wine cream sauce

Chicken and Prosciutto
Served with artichokes, spinach, shallots, and a vodka sauce over cheese tortellini

Salmon Pasta
Served with asparagus, spinach, artichokes, and a Cajun cream sauce over fettuccini, Seafood Sunday

Soup of the Day
Butternut Squash
Cup 4
Bowl 6

Appetizer

Buffalo Fried Clams
Served with blue cheese dressing
7

Entrees

Mojito Shrimp
Grilled shrimp served with Mojito sauce over lobster ravioli
17

Pan Seared Salmon 
Served with au gratin potatoes, grilled asparagus, topped with lime saffron sauce 
17

Blackened Trout
Served with artichokes, basmati rice, toasted vegetables, and mango salsa
16

Lobster Roll
Served with French fries and coleslaw
15, Brunch until 3! Come try some of our delicious French toast or pancakes with our 100% Maple Syrup made in Vermont., Join us Tonight For Karaoke! Come Sing or Request Your Favorite Song With Our Karaoke DJ!!, Appetizer

Tonight's Dinner Specials

Fried Goat Cheese
Served with Mixed Greens and Marinara Sauce
7 

Entrees

Grilled Bone-in Pork Chop
Topped with a Cranberry Sauce  served with Mashed potatoes and Sauteed Spinach
17

Pan Seared Salmon
Served with Asparagus and Potatoes Au Gratin topped with a Lime Saffron Sauce
19

Fried Clam Platter
Served with French Fries, Cole Slaw and a side of Tartar Sauce
17

Grilled Hangar Steak
Served with Black Beans, Basmati Rice, Avocado and Pico De Gallo
16

Drink Specials

Viceroy Daiquiri
Mariposa Agave Nectar liqueur, silver rum, lime juice, grapefruit juice, simple syrup, soda water
8

Porter Square Pyrat
Pyrat rum, pineapple juice, orange juice, patron citronge float
8, Tonight's Dinner Specials

Appetizer

 Asian Duck Tacos 
Sweet chili slaw, honey jerk sauce
6

Entrees

Grilled Bone-in Pork Chop
Served with Scallion Mashed potatoes and Grilled Asparagus in a Dijon Sauce
17

Grilled Hangar Steak Wrap
Lettuce, tomatoes, onions, avocado, chimichuri, chipotle aioli
12

Grilled Swordfish
 Roasted potatoes, sautéed spinach, sriracha cream sauce
17

Turkey Burger
Pepperjack cheese, sweet chili slaw, jalapeños, 
12

Drink Specials

Viceroy Daiquiri
Mariposa Agave Nectar liqueur, silver rum, lime juice, grapefruit juice, simple syrup, soda water
8

Porter Square Pyrat
Pyrat rum, pineapple juice, orange juice, patron citronge float
8

Skeleton Malbec
7, null, Two Taco Tuesday

Cajun Shrimp Tacos
Lemon coleslaw, Cilantro aioli
Flour tortillas
$6

Crispy Cod Tacos
Sweet slaw, chipotle aioli, chimichurri,
Flour tortillas
$6

Spicy Asian Duck Tacos
Asian slaw, honey jerk,
Flour tortillas
$6

Spicy Chicken Tacos
Peppers, onions, 
Flour tortillas
$5 

Black Bean and Avocado Tacos
Crispy Corn tortillas
$5, Orleans’ Pasta Night

Fenway Egg Roll 
Served with peppers, sausage, and whole grain mustard
7

Pastas $14.95 Served with a House Salad

Shrimp Scampi
Served with shallots, cherry tomatoes, and a lemon white wine sauce over Israeli couscous

Beef Ragu
Served over cheese tortellini

Salmon Pasta
Served with asparagus, spinach, artichokes, and a Cajun cream sauce over fettuccini 

Chicken Parmesan
Served with marinara sauce over fettuccini 
 
Drink Specials
Viceroy Daiquiri
Mariposa Agave Nectar liqueur, silver rum, lime juice, grapefruit juice, simple syrup, soda water
8
Porter Square Pyrat
Pyrat rum, pineapple juice, orange juice, patron citronge float
8
Skeleton Malbec
7, Cure those Monday blues with a cocktail at Orleans! Come try our delicious $1 oysters from 3-7pm, Seafood Sunday

Soup of the Day
Lobster Bisque
Cup 4
Bowl 6

Appetizer

Blackened Tuna Tacos
Served with sweet chili slaw and chipotle aioli in a flour tortilla
8

Entrees

Pan Seared Citrus Trout
Served with asparagus risotto, topped with citrus sauce
19

Fried Clams Platter 
Served with French fries, coleslaw, and tartar sauce 
16

Seafood Risotto
Served with shrimp, mussels, lobster, in a lobster broth
18

Mussels and Calamari
Served with cherry tomatoes, basil, shallots, and a red coulis sauce
17, Brunch until 3! Come try some of our delicious French toast or pancakes with our 100% Maple Syrup made in Vermont., null, Appetizer

Fried Clams 
Served with Tartar Sauce
9

Entrees

Grilled Bone-in Pork Chop
Served with Root Vegetable Mash and Grilled Asparagus in a Dijon Sauce
18

Hangar Steak
Marinated, Grilled and topped with Onion Rings served with Sweet Potato Fries and Green Beans
18

Pan Seared Citrus Trout
Topped with Citrus Sauce and served with Edamame Basmati Rice
19

Chicken and Prosciutto Pasta
Fettuccine with Sun Dried Tomatoes, Asparagus and Shallots in a Basil Pomodoro Sauce
17

Drink Special

Pomegranate Margarita
8
Viceroy Daiquiri
Mariposa Agave Nectar liqueur, silver rum, lime juice, grapefruit juice, simple syrup, soda water
8

Porter Square Pyrat
Pyrat rum, pineapple juice, orange juice, patron citronge float
8
Wine Special
Skeleton Malbec
7, 50 cent Wings tonight, New promotions at Orleans! http://conta.cc/15SjCvb, Trivia tonight at 8pm Jackpot is $500

Dinner Specials

Appetizer

Spicy Asian Duck Tacos
Asian slaw, honey jerk,
Flour tortillas
$6

Entrees

Meatball Pizza
Peppers, onions, mozzarella, pizza sauce 
12

Turkey Club
Lettuce, tomato, bacon mayonnaise, multigrain bread, house fries
12

Chicken Parmesan
Fresh mozzarella, marinara sauce, fettuccine
15

Blackened Tuna Taco Plate
Sweet chili slaw, chipotle aioli, black beans, basmati rice
17

Drink Special

Pomegranate Margarita
8

Wine Special

Skeleton Malbec
7, Two Taco Tuesday

Pulled Buffalo Chicken Tacos
Peppers, onions, tomatoes and blue cheese dressing,
Crispy corn tortillas
$5

Crispy Cod Tacos
Sweet slaw, chipotle aioli
Flour tortillas
$6

Blackened Tuna Tacos
Sweet and

 spicy slaw, chimichurí and chipotle aioli
Flour tortillas
$6

Spicy Asian Duck Tacos
Asian slaw, honey jerk, flour tortilla
$5

Drink Specials
Blackstone Merlot
6

Stella Artois Cidre
European-Style Cider
6

Skinny Margarita
Hornitos lime, mariposa agave nectar liquor, fresh lime juice, served on the rocks
8

Orleans Margarita
Don Julio, Patron citron age, fresh lemon and lime juice, splash of OJ, and sour mix
10, Orleans’ Pasta Night

Steak Florentine Egg Roll 
Served with chipotle ranch sauce
7

Pastas $14.95 Served with a House Salad

Shrimp and Italian Sausage
Served with broccoli, peppers, mushrooms, onions, and a lemon white wine sauce over fettuccini

Chicken and Prosciutto
Served with shallots, asparagus, and a plum tomato sauce over fettuccini

Meatball
Served with marinara sauce over cheese tortellini

Buffalo Chicken Mac and Cheese
Served with scallions and topped with panko bread crumbs
 
 
Bottle Specials
Stella Artois Cidre
6
Dogfish Head 60 Minute IPA
5
Dogfish Head Raison D’Etre
8
Narragansett Summer Cans
4, Seafood Sunday

Sesame Tuna Sliders
Served with house chips, topped with was obi aioli and sriracha sauce
9

Frutti di Mare
Served with calamari, mussels, and lobster in a garlic white wine sauce over fettuccini
19

Shrimp Po Boy Sandwich
Served with lettuce, tomato, onion, and a spicy remoulade sauce on a French baguette 
12

Pan Seared Salmon
Served with butterfly potatoes, sautéed broccoli, topped with a lime pepper coulis
18

Pan Seared Sesame Tuna
Served with a soba noodle salad, mixed with an orange ginger glaze 
18

Drink Specials

Dogfish Head 60 Minute IPA
5
Dogfish Head Raison D’Etre
8
Narragansett Summer Cans
4, Karaoke tonight 10pm, its fun and its free, Brunch 10-3, come join us on the patio for a mimosa and some cinnamon swirl French toast!, null, Dinner Specials

Appetizer

Fenway Egg roll
Deep Fried Egg roll with Italian Sausage, Roasted Peppers, Onions, Mustard and Ketchup
8

Entrees

Baked Haddock
Served with Roasted Idaho Potatoes, Green Beans topped with Crab Meat Remoulade Sauce
19

Spinach and Goat Cheese Stuffed Chicken Breast
Served with Mashed Potatoes and Chunky Tomato Sauce 
17

 Frutti di Mare
Mussels, Calamari, Lobster over Fettuccine in a Spicy Garlic Wine Sauce
22

Grilled Sirloin Steak
Served with French Fries, Onion Rings, Asparagus and a Blue Cheese Demi Glaze
20

Drink Special

Hornitos Lime Margarita
8

Wine Special

Skeleton Malbec
7, null, Trivia tonight at 8pm Jackpot is $500, Two Taco Tuesday

Buffalo Chicken Tacos
Lettuce, tomato, blue cheese dressing,
Flour tortillas
$5

Crispy Cod Tacos
Sweet slaw, chipotle aioli,
Flour tortillas
$6

Spicy Asian Duck Tacos
Asian slaw, honey jerk,
Flour tortillas
$6

Pulled Pork Tacos
American cheese, sour cream,
Crispy corn tortillas
$5 

Bottle Specials
Stella Artois Cidre
6
Dogfish Head 60 Minute IPA
5
Dogfish Head Raison D’Etre
8
Narragansett Summer Cans
4, Lunch Specials

Sandwiches come with a choice of soup, salad, or fries

Southwest Chicken Cobb Salad
Blackened chicken, chopped romaine, black beans, bacon, scallions, avocado, chopped egg, blue cheese, chipotle ranch dressing, crispy tortilla strips
10

Buffalo Chicken Macaroni and Cheese
Chicken, homemade queso, buffalo sauce, panko bread crumbs
 10

Steak and Cheese Sandwich
Shaved steak, onions, American cheese, French baguette
10

P.B.T Sandwich
Prosciutto, basil, tomato, fresh mozzarella, balsamic reduction, ciabatta bread
10, Orleans’ Pasta Night

Butternut Squash Ravioli 
Served with sage and a brown butter sauce
7

Pastas $14.95 Served with a House Salad

Butternut Squash Ravioli
Served with asparagus, mushrooms, sweet peas, in a maple cream sauce

Frutti di Mare
Served with calamari, mussels, and lobster in a garlic white wine sauce over fettuccini

Potato Gnocchi
Served with sautéed chicken, prosciutto, sweet peas, broccoli, and a vodka sauce 

Udon Noodles Bowl
Served with mixed vegetables, sautéed shrimp, and chicken in a sweet chili chicken broth  
 Bottle Specials
Stella Artois Cidre
6
Dogfish Head 60 Minute IPA
5
Dogfish Head Raison D’Etre
8
Narragansett Summer Cans
4, Lunch Specials!

Sirloin Sandwich
Grilled Sirloin served with Lettuce, Tomato, Avocado, Chipotle Aioli and Chimmichurri sauce on a French Baguette.
12

Lobster Roll
On a Toasted Roll served with French Fries and Cole Slaw.
 12

Turkey Club Wrap
Sliced Turkey Breast, Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato and Ranch Dressing wrapped in a Flour Tortilla.
10

Gnocchi
With Sautéed Chicken Breast, Proscuitto, Shallots and sweet peas in a tomato cream sauce.
12, Dinner Specials

Appetizer

Butternut Squash Ravioli
In a Brown Butter Sage Sauce
8

Entrees

Lobster Ravioli
Served with Shrimp, Shallots, Asparagus and Cherry Tomatoes in a Lemon Wine Sauce 
20

Chicken and Eggplant Parmesan
Fresh Mozzarella and Marinara Sauce over Fettuccine

17

 Seafood Edamame Risotto
Pan Seared Salmon and Steamed Mussels in a Lobster Broth Sauce
21

Grilled Rib Eye
Served with Bacon Mashed Potatoes, Asparagus and a Brandy Peppercorn Sauce
20

Bottle Specials
Stella Artois Cidre
European-Style Cider
6

Dogfish Head 60 Minute IPA
5
Dogfish Head Raison D'Etre
8
Narragansett Summer Cans
4, Dinner Specials

Appetizer

Blackened Duck Taco
Sweet Chili Cole Slaw and Chipotle Aioli
6

Entrees

Butternut Squash Ravioli
With Shallots and Mushrooms in a Maple Cream Sauce 
16

Fettucine with Chicken and Sausage
With Shallots, Asparagus and Cherry Tomatoes in a Spicy Marinara Sauce
17

 Seafood Risotto
Lobster, Shrimp and Swordfish in a Garlic Wine Sauce
22

Grilled Rib Eye
Served with Bacon Mashed Potatoes, Asparagus and a Brandy Peppercorn Sauce
20

Bottle Specials
Stella Artois Cidre
European-Style Cider
6

Dogfish Head 60 Minute IPA
5
Dogfish Head Raison D'Etre
8
Narragansett Summer Cans
4, TRIVIA NIGHT

$500 Jackpot, Two Taco Tuesday

Buffalo Chicken Tacos
Lettuce, tomatoes, blue cheese dressing,
Flour tortillas
$5

Crispy cod tacos
Sweet slaw, chipotle aioli
Flour tortillas
$6

Blackened Shrimp Tacos
Sweet slaw, chimichurí & chipotle aioli
Flour tortillas
$6

Vegetable Tacos
Avocado, black beans, tomatoes, cilantro,
Crispy corn tortillas
$5

Drink Specials
Blackstone Merlot
6

Stella Artois Cidre
European-Style Cider
6

Skinny Margarita
Hornitos lime, mariposa agave nectar liquor, fresh lime juice, served on the rocks
8

Orleans Margarita
Don Julio, Patron citron age, fresh lemon and lime juice, splash of OJ, and sour mix
10, Orleans’ Pasta Night

Eggplant Rollatini  
Stuffed with cottage and mozzarella cheese, topped with marinara sauce
7

Pastas
Pastas $14.95 Served with a House Salad

Butternut Squash Ravioli
Served with asparagus, mushrooms, sweet peas, in a maple cream sauce

Tilapia Piccata 
Served with cherry tomatoes, shallots, asparagus, and a lemon caper white wine sauce over fettuccini

Potato Gnocchi
Served with sautéed chicken, prosciutto, sweet peas, broccoli, and a vodka sauce 

Eggplant Parmesean
Served with plum tomato sauce over fettuccini 
 
Drink Specials
Stella Artois Cidre
6
Blackstone Merlot
6
Angry Orchard Ginger
Cans $5, Lunch Specials

Sandwiches come with a choice of soup, salad, or fries

Buffalo Chicken Quesadilla
Fried Buffalo Tenders, Colby Jack Cheese, Black Beans, Scallions and Tomatoes. Served with a side of Sour Cream, Pico De Gallo and Guacamole.
10

Cranberry Chicken Salad
With lettuce and apples in a Flour Tortilla.
 10

Tuna Melt
With Bacon, Swiss Cheese and Cucumber on Multigrain Bread.
10

Lobster Roll
Served on a toasted roll with coleslaw and fries.
12, Its Seafood Sunday at Orleans
Come try one of our delicious dinner specials 

Spicy Garlic Shrimp
Served with olive oil and garlic bread
7

Baked Haddock
Served with sweet pea risotto, asparagus, topped with a lemon butter sauce
16

Tilapia Piccata
Served with mashed potatoes, green beans, and a lemon caper sauce
16

Fisherman’s Platter
Served with fried scallops, fried calamari, fried cod, fried shrimp, and potato salad
17

Lobster Roll
Served with French fries and coleslaw
19, Brunch 10-3, come join us on the patio for a mimosa and some cinnamon swirl French toast., Join us at 10 for karaoke! :), Dinner Specials

Butternut Squash Ravioli
Maple butter sauce
10

Pork Chop
Sweet potato fries, green beans, honey mustard glaze 
17

Baked Haddock
Sweet peas, spinach, parmesan risotto 
19

 Scallops Fettuccini
Shallots, asparagus, artichokes, lemon beurre blanc sauce
20

Blackened Ribeye
Basmati rice, black beans, sautéed peppers and onions, avocado salsa
21

Drink Specials

Blackstone Merlot
6

Stella Artois Cidre
European-Style Cider
6

Skinny Margarita
Hornitos lime, mariposa agave nectar liquor, fresh lime juice, served on the rocks
8

Orleans Margarita
Don Julio, Patron citron age, fresh lemon and lime juice, splash of OJ, and sour mix
10, Come try one of our delicious drink specials!

Skinny Margarita
Hornitos lime, mariposa agave nectar liquor, fresh lime juice, served on the rocks
8

Orleans Margarita
Don Julio, Patron citron age, fresh lemon and lime juice, splash of OJ, and sour mix
10, Dinner Specials

Appetizer

Butternut Squash Ravioli
Maple butter sauce
10

Pork chop
Sweet potato fries, green beans, honey mustard glaze 
17

Baked Haddock
Sweet peas, spinach, parmesan risotto 
19

 Scallops Fettuccini
Shallots, asparagus, artichokes, lemon beurre blanc sauce
20

Blackened Ribeye
Basmati rice, black beans, sautéed peppers and onions, avocado salsa
21

Drink Specials

Blackstone Merlot
6

Stella Artois Cidre
European-Style Cider
6, Lunch Specials

Sandwiches come with a choice of soup, salad, or fries

Grilled Chicken Sandwich
Tomato, Onion, Basil, Mozzarella Cheese with a Balsamic Reduction on a French Baguette 
10

Buffalo Chicken Mac & Cheese
Over Cavatappi Pasta
 10

Fried Pickle Turkey Club
Lettuce, Tomato, Bacon and Chipotle Aioli on Wheat Bread

10

Steak Tip Quesadilla
Pepperjack Cheese, Red Peppers and Red Onions in a Flour Tortilla. Served with Guacamole, Sour Cream and Pico de Gallo
12, Join us for Trivia at 8:00pm, Jackpot is $500!, Two Taco Tuesday

Buffalo Chicken Tacos
Lettuce, tomatoes, blue cheese dressing,
Flour tortillas
$5
                                               Crispy cod tacos 
Sweet slaw, chipotle aioli
Flour tortillas
$6

 Texas Chili Tacos
American cheese, sour cream
Crispy corn tortilla
$5

Pulled Pork Tacos
Cheddar cheese, sour cream,
Crispy corn tortillas
$5

Drink Specials

Modelo Cans
$5

Pomegranate Margarita
Pama liquer, Hornitos Lime Shot tequila, Triple Sec, Fresh squeezed OJ, Lime and Lemon Juice
$8, Orleans’ Pasta Night

Deviled Shrimp 
Shrimp wrapped with bacon and jalapenos.  Served with beets, arugula salad, and sriracha sauce
8

Pastas $14.95 Served with a House Salad

Butternut Squash Ravioli
Served with asparagus, mushrooms, sweet peas, in a maple cream sauce

Shrimp Scampi 
Served with cherry tomatoes, asparagus, and a lemon white wine sauce over couscous

Frutti di mare
Served with calamari, mussels, and scallops, in a garlic white wine sauce over fettuccine

Turkey and Vegetable Meatballs
Served with marinara sauce over fettuccine
 
Drink Specials
Stella Artois Cidre
6
Blackstone Merlot
6
Angry Orchard Ginger
Cans $5, Seafood Sunday at Orleans!

Appetizer

Buffalo Shrimp Tacos
Served with lettuce, tomatoes, and jack cheese
7

Entrée

Swordfish Skewer
Served with basmati rice, artichokes, and a black bean with avocado salsa
16

 Mussels and Calamari
Served with basil, tomatoes, and a white wine lobster broth 
16

Panko Crusted Haddock
Served with basmati rice, sautéed Brussels sprouts, topped with a rosemary beurre blanc sauce
17

Pan Seared Scallops
Served with sweet peas, prosciutto risotto, sautéed spinach, and lime pepper coulis sauce
18

Drink Specials
Stella Artois Cidre
European-Style Cider
6
Blackstone Merlot
6
Angry Orchard Ginger
Cans $5, Brunch 10-3, come join us on the patio for a mimosa and some cinnamon swirl French toast!, Dinner Specials

Appetizer

Fried Pickles
Served with chipotle aioli
7

Entrée

Butternut Squash Ravioli 
Served with asparagus, mushrooms, Brussels sprouts, and a maple cream sauce
16

 Grilled Cajun Ribeye Steak
14 oz, served with au gratin potatoes, topped with gorgonzola cheese  
23

Panko Crusted Haddock
Served with basmati rice, sautéed Brussels sprouts, topped with a rosemary beurre blanc sauce
18

 
Grilled Pork Chop
Served with cheddar mashed potatoes, grilled asparagus, topped with fruit compote  
18

Pan Seared Scallops
Served with sweet peas, prosciutto risotto, sautéed spinach, and lime pepper coulis sauce
21

Drink Specials
Stella Artois Cidre
European-Style Cider
6
Blackstone Merlot
6
Angry Orchard Ginger
Cans $5, Lunch Specials

Sandwiches come with a choice of soup, salad, or fries

Turkey Burger Wrap
Cheddar cheese, Spicy Cole Slaw, Lettuce, Onion, Tomato and Chipotle Aioli
In a Flour Tortilla.
10

Open Faced Tuna
With American Cheese and Tomato on an English Muffin.
10

Buffalo Chicken Quesadilla
Buffalo chicken Tenders, Colby Jack Cheese, and Scallions. Served 
With a side of Sour Cream, Guacamole and Pico de Gallo.
12

Butternut Squash Ravioli
Asparagus, Mushrooms and Sweet Peas in a Maple Cream Sauce
12, Ain't no thing but a chicken wing!

 30 cent wings tonight, Appetizer

Fried Pickles
Chipotle aioli
7
Join us for Trivia at 8:00pm, Jackpot is $500!

Entrée

Lobster Ravioli 
Grilled shrimp, lobster ravioli, asparagus, garlic cream sauce
22

 Turkey Burger
Pepper jack cheese, sweet chili slaw, jalapeños
12

Hanger Steak
Basmati rice, black beans, smoked avocado, salsa roja
18

 
Grilled Pork Chop
Fingerling potatoes, asparagus, sweet chipotle glaze  
17

Drink Specials

Blackstone Merlot
7

Angry Orchard Ginger
Cans $5, Two Taco Tuesday

Buffalo Chicken Tacos
Lettuce, tomatoes, blue cheese dressing,
Flour tortillas
$5

Crispy Cod Tacos
Sweet slaw, chipotle 
 aioli
Flour tortillas
$6

 Spice Asian Duck Tacos
Asian slaw, honey jerk
Flour tortillas
$6

Pulled Pork Tacos
Cheddar cheese, sour cream,
Crispy corn tortillas
$5, Orleans’ Pasta Night

Tomato Mozzarella Bruschetta 
Served with crostini croutons over baby field greens
7

Pastas $14.95 Served with a House Salad

Butternut Squash Ravioli
Served with Brussels sprouts, mushrooms, sweet peas, in a maple cream sauce

Potato Gnocchi 
Served with sautéed chicken, chorizo, broccoli, shallots, and a vodka sauce

Frutti di mare
Served with calamari, mussels, lobster, in a garlic white wine sauce over cavatappi pasta

Drink Specials

Avalon Cabernet
7
Blackstone Merlot
7
Angry Orchard Ginger
5, Lunch Specials!

Baked Stuffed Haddock
Stuffed with crab meat, onions, peppers, served with au gratin potatoes, grilled asparagus, topped with lemon butter sauce 
$12

Steak Tip Quesadilla
With caramelized onions and red peppers, black beans, scallions and Colby Jack cheese. Served with a side of Sour Cream, Guacamole and Pico De Gallo.
$10

Grilled Pork Chops 
Served with roasted red bliss potatoes, brussels sprouts, topped with red wine demi-glaze
$12

Fried Chicken Sandwich
Served with pepper jack cheese, buffalo ranch sauce, lettuce, and tomatoes on a brioche roll
$10, Seafood Sunday!

Appetizer

Grilled Calamari Salad
Served with peppers, black olives, over baby field greens
8

Entrée

Mojito Shrimp with Lobster Ravioli 
Served with grilled shrimp over lobster ravioli, topped with Mojito sauce 
18

Baked Stuffed Haddock
Stuffed with crab meat, onions, peppers, served with au gratin potatoes, grilled asparagus, topped with lemon butter sauce 
17

Mussels and Calamari
Served with fresh tomatoes, basil, roasted garlic, and a white wine lobster broth
16

Pan Roasted Salmon
Served with mashed potatoes, sautéed spinach, and a tomato caper white wine sauce 
18

Drink Specials

Avalon Cabernet
7

Blackstone Merlot
7

Angry Orchard Ginger
Cans $5, Join us for Brunch until 3! Try one of our new Angry Orchard Ciders!, It's Karaoke time at Orleans!, Dinner Specials 

Appetizer

Fried Pickles
Served with crab meat remoulade sauce
7

Entrée

Mojito Shrimp with Lobster Ravioli 
Served with grilled shrimp over lobster ravioli, topped with Mojito sauce 
20

 Grilled Pork Chop
Served with roasted red bliss potatoes, grilled asparagus, topped with a red wine demi-glaze 
16

Marinated Hanger Steak
Served with potato gnocchi carbonara and green beans
17

Pan Roasted Salmon
Served with mashed potatoes, sautéed spinach, and a tomato caper white wine sauce 
19

Drink Specials

Avalon Cabernet
7

Blackstone Merlot
7, Lunch Specials

Sandwiches come with a choice of soup, salad, or fries

Blackened Shrimp Salad
Mixed Fields Greens, Tomatoes, Cucumbers, shaved carrots and red onions
With a Balsamic dressing.
$12

Steak Tip Quesadilla
With caramelized onions and red peppers, black beans, scallions and Colby Jack cheese. Served with a side of Sour Cream, Guacamole and Pico De Gallo.
$12

Turkey Club 
Lean Sliced Turkey Breast, Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato and Mayo
On Multigrain Bread.
 $10

Chicken & Broccoli Gnocchi
Tender chicken breast & Broccoli in an Alfredo Cream Sauce.
$10, Come try one of our delicious festive drinks!, Happy 4th of July! We are open regular hours today!, Start your holiday weekend off right with an ice cold harpoon summer, sam summer, or blue moon down at Orleans, Dinner Specials!

Appetizer

Blackened Duck Tacos
Served with sweet coleslaw, remoulade aioli, in a flour tortilla
6

Entrée

Black Bean Burger 
Topped with basil aioli and goat cheese on a bulkie roll  
12

Potato Gnocchi
Served with asparagus, sweet peas, spinach, cherry mozzarella, and marinara sauce 
16

Chicken Piccata
Served with red bliss potatoes, green beans, and a caper wine sauce
17

Fruit De Mare
Served with mussels, calamari, lobster and a spicy garlic wine sauce over linguini 
20

Drink Specials

Avalon Cabernet
7

Blackstone Merlot
7, Lunch Specials

Sandwiches come with a choice of soup, salad, or fries
Soup of the day is Cream of Zucchini.

Fried Lobster Tacos
Cole slaw, Chipotle Aioli, Chimichurri Sauce in a flour Tortilla
$14

Fried Chicken Sandwich
Lettuce, Tomato, Onion, Swiss Cheese and Ranch Dressing on a Bulkie Roll 
$10

Buffalo Chicken Wrap 
Fried Buffalo Chicken Tenders, Romaine Lettuce, Tomatoes and
Blue Cheese Dressing in a Flour Tortilla.
 $10

Tuna Melt
American Cheese, Lettuce, Tomato and Pickles on Multigrain Bread.
$10, Two Taco Tuesday

Buffalo Chicken Tacos
Lettuce, tomatoes, blue cheese dressing,
Flour tortillas
$5

Blackened Tuna Tacos
Sweet slaw, remoulade aioli
Flour tortillas
$6

Five Spice Asian Duck Tacos
Asian slaw, honey jerk
Flour tortillas
$6

Pulled Pork Tacos
Cheddar cheese, sour cream,
Crispy corn tortillas
$5

Drink Special

Modelo Cans
$5, Orleans’ Pasta Night

Fried Goat Cheese 
Served with marinara sauce and a crostini crouton
7

Pastas $14.95 Served with a House Salad

Potato Gnocchi
Served with sautéed shrimp, spinach, tomatoes, artichokes, and a lemon white wine sauce

Chicken Carbonara 
Served with bacon, mushrooms, sweet peas, sun dried tomatoes, over cavatappi pasta

Buffalo Chicken Mac and Cheese
Served with scallions, tomatoes, and a creamy cheese sauce over cavatappi pasta

Lobster Linguini
Served with shallots, tomatoes, spinach, and a fresh lobster tail stuffed with crab meat with a lobster cream sauce

Drink Specials

Avalon Cabernet
7
Blackstone Merlot
7, Seafood Sunday at Orleans!

Appetizer

Blackened Salmon Sliders
3 sliders served with house chips, topped with lemon aioli
11

Entrée

Lobster Roll 
Served with French fries and coleslaw 
16

Pan Seared Tilapia
Served with roasted fingerling potatoes, sautéed broccoli, topped with mango salsa 
16

Pan Seared Tuna Nicoise
Served with green beans, hard boiled eggs, kalamata olives, cherry tomatoes, and an orange ginger glaze over baby field greens
16

Stuffed Lobster Tail
Pepper onion crab meat, potato salad, fresh corn on the cob, and a side of melted butter 
20

Drink Specials

Avalon Cabernet
7

Blackstone Merlot
7, Brunch 10-3, come join us on the patio for a mimosa and some cinnamon swirl French toasta!, Come sing your heart out at karaoke!!, Dinner Specials!

Appetizer

Asian Duck Tacos
5 spices, sweet coleslaw, and an orange ginger glaze 
7

Entrée

Potato Gnocchi 
Sautéed chicken and shrimp, shallots, asparagus, grape tomatoes, in a lemon white sauce 
17

Spanish Steak Stew
Flank steak, salsa roja, rice, beans, and avocado 
18

Pan Seared Tuna
David’s fresh angel hair pasta, mixed vegetables, orange ginger glaze sauce, topped with sriracha wasobi aioli
21

Stuffed Lobster Tail
Pepper onion crab meat, potato salad, fresh corn on the cob, and a side of melted butter 
22

Drink Specials

Avalon Cabernet
7

Blackstone Merlot
7, Join us for Trivia at 8:00pm, Jackpot is $500!, Join us for game 6! 8pm GO BRUINS!, Orleans’ Pasta Night

Fried Goat Cheese 
Served with marinara sauce and a crostini croton
7

Pastas
Pastas $14.95 Served with a House Salad

Fruit De Mare
Served with calamari, mussels, lobster, and a pesto white wine sauce over linguini

Vermont Chicken Pasta 
Served with bacon, mushrooms, spinach, sun dried tomatoes, and a cheesy cream sauce over cavatappi pasta

Shrimp and Chorizo
Served with peppers, onions, mushrooms, and a lemon white wine sauce over linguini, Lunch Specials

Sirloin Sandwich
Avocado, Lettuce, Tomatoes, Chipotle Aioli, Chimichurri, on a French Baguette.
10

Swordfish Kabob
Sweet Peas, Basmati Rice, and a Black Bean and Avocado Salsa.
 12

S.W. Grilled Romaine 
With Chicken, Pico De Gallo, Bacon, Black Beans and Colby Jack
Cheese with Ranch Dressing.
10

Turkey and Ham Wrap
Lettuce, Tomato, Onion, Pepper Jack Cheese, and a Spicy Buffalo Ranch Sauce in a Flour Tortilla.
10, Seafood Sunday at Orleans!

Appetizer

Tuna Tartar
Mango salsa, avocado, wasabi aioli, cucumber
11

New England Clam Chowder
Cup $4
Bowl $6

Entrée

Swordfish Kabob 
Artichokes, asparagus, basmati rice, avocado black bean salsa 
17

Pan Seared Tuna
Soba noodle salad, sriracha and wasabi aioli
19

Cajun Shrimp
Over Caesar salad
14
 
Steamed Lobster Tail
Sweet corn risotto, broccoli, lobster sauce
19

Drink Specials

Goose Island Honkers Ale
3

Avalon Cabernet
7

Blackstone Merlot
7, Join us for the Bruins Game 5 at 8pm!! With 12 TV's you can't miss it from any seat in the house. GO B's!, Tonight's Dinner Specials

Appetizer

Tuna Tart
Mango salsa, avocado, wasabi aioli
12
Entrée

Grilled Pork Tenderloin 
Mashed potatoes, green beans, brandy peppercorn sauce
17

Pan Seared Tuna
Soba noodle salad, sriracha and wasabi aioli
21

Steak Au Poivre
12 0Z NY Sirloin, House fries, onion rings, asparagus, 
19
 

Steamed Lobster Tail
Sweet corn risotto, asparagus, lobster sauce
20

Fried Chicken
Mashed potatoes, green beans, corn bread, bacon gravy
18

Drink Specials

Sam Adams Light Bottles
4

Goose Island Honkers Ale
3

Avalon Cabernet
7

Blackstone Merlot
7, Join us for the Bruins game at 8!! With 12 TV's you can't miss it from any seat in the house. GO B's!, Two Taco Tuesday

 Buffalo Chicken Tacos
Lettuce, tomatoes, blue cheese dressing,  
Flour tortillas
$5

Blackened shrimp Tacos
Sweet slaw, remoulade aioli
Flour tortillas
$6

Baja Crispy Cod Tacos
Sweet slaw, chimichuri, chipotle aioli
Flour tortillas
$6

Texas chili tacos
American cheese, sour cream, Crispy corn tortillas
$5

Drink Specials

Beer Buckets 5 for $25
Corona and Corona lt

Snoqualmie Organic Riesling
$8

Modelo Cans
$5, Orleans’ Pasta Night

Risotto Arancini 
Served with marinara sauce and stuffed with pork and beef
7

Pastas $14.95 Served with a House Salad

Pan Seared Scallops
Served with sweet peas, sun-dried tomatoes, asparagus, and a tomato creams sauce over linguini

Buffalo Chicken Mac and Cheese 
Served with buffalo chicken and scallions over cavatappi pasta

Shrimp Scampi
Served with Israeli couscous, celery, onions, carrots, and a lemon white wine sauce

Italian Sausage
Served with peppers, onions, mushrooms, and a vodka sauce 
over linguini, Lunch Specials

Sandwiches come with a choice of soup, salad, or fries

Cranberry Chicken Salad
With Lettuce, and Avocado in a Flour Tortilla.
10

Pan Seared Scallops
Sweet Corn Risotto and a Sriracha Cream Sauce.
 12

Roasted Pork Tenderloin 
Wrapped with Bacon, Scallions, Mashed Potatoes, Asparagus, and a Mushroom Sauce.
11

B.L.T
Lettuce, Tomatoes, Bacon, and Mayo on White Bread.
10, Seafood Sunday at Orleans!

Dinner Specials

Shrimp Po Boy Sandwich
Lettuce, tomatoes, spicy remoulade sauce, in a French baguette  
 12

Fisherman’s Platter
Fried scallops, shrimp, cod fish, calamari, potato salad, and tartar sauce 
19

Pan Seared Scallops
Sweet corn risotto, asparagus, and a lemon beurre blanc sauce
21

Mussels and Calamari
Roasted fresh tomatoes, basil, in a white wine lobster broth 
16

Drink Specials

Sam Adams Light Bottles
4
Modelo Cans
5
Avalon Cabernet
7
Blackstone Merlot
7
Snoqualmie Organic Riesling
8, Happy Father's Day!  Join us for some Brunch Specials!, 'LIKE' if you are tuning in for Game 2 tonight between the Bruins and Blackhawks. Game time is set for 8PM, available on NBCSN and CBC., Appetizer

Fried Goat Cheese
Marinara sauce, crostini bread 
7

Entrée

North End Pizza
Italian sausage, peppers, onions, marinara sauce, mozzarella
 12

Pan Roasted Duck Butternut Squash Ravioli
Tossed with rosemary cream sauce and sweet potato fries 
18

Pan Seared Scallops
Soba noodles salad and a honey jerk sauce
21

Bacon Wrapped Pork Tenderloin Medallions
Roasted garlic mashed potatoes, grilled asparagus, and apple and cranberry chutney 
18

Surf and Turf
Grilled 12oz sirloin steak, shrimp, hand cut truffle fries, side field green salad
24

Drink Specials

Sam Adams Light Bottles
4

Modelo Cans
5

Avalon Cabernet
7

Blackstone Merlot
7

Snoqualmie Organic Riesling
8, Lunch Specials

Sandwiches come with a choice of soup, salad, or fries

Cranberry Chicken Salad
With Lettuce, Tomato and American Cheese on a French Baguette.
10

Southwestern Grilled Romaine
Grilled Romaine Hearts, Chicken, Bacon, Pico De Gallo, Black beans and
Colby Jack Cheese with Ranch Dressing.
 10

Butternut Squash Ravioli 
Sweet Peas and Mushrooms in a Maple Cream Sauce.
10

Roast Beef Wrap
Lean Roast Beef, Cheddar Cheese, Jalapenos, Roasted Red Peppers
And Chipotle Aioli In a Flour Tortilla.
10, Ain't no thing but a chicken wing!

 30 cent wings tonight, 'LIKE' if you are watching Game 1 of the Stanley Cup Final tonight., Appetizer

Peppadew Mozzarella Salad
Mix greens, tomatoes, cucumbers, onion, balsamic reduction  
10

Entrée
North End Pizza
Italian sausage, peppers, onions, marinara sauce, mozzarella
 12

Asian Duck Breast
Wheat noodles, mixed vegetables, honey jerk glaze
18

Pan Seared Salmon
Risotto, sweet peas, asparagus, lemon wine sauce
18

Butternut Squash Ravioli
Mushrooms, shallots, sweet peas, maple cream sauce 
15

NY Sirloin
House fries, asparagus, bacon hollandaise sauce
20

Drink Specials

Sam Adams Light Bottles
4

Modelo Cans
5

Avalon Cabernet
7

Blackstone Merlot
7

Snoqualmie Organic Riesling
8, Trivia has been canceled tonight due to the Bruins Game!, Two Taco Tuesday

Chicken Tacos
Pulled chicken, peppers, onions, salsa roja
Crispy corn tortillas
$5

Blackened Duck Tacos
Sweet slaw, honey jerk glaze
Flour tortillas
$6

Baja Crispy Cod Tacos
Sweet slaw, chimichuri, chipotle aioli
Flour tortillas
$6

Pulled Pork Tacos
Jack cheese, sour cream, Crispy corn tortillas
$5

Drink Specials

Beer Buckets  5 for $25
Corona and Corona lt

Snoqualmie Organic Riesling
$8

Modelo Cans
$5
Sam Adams Light Bottles
$4, Orleans’ Pasta Night

Caprese Salad 
Served with tomatoes, mozzarella, basil, over baby field greens
7

Pastas
Pastas $14.95 Served with a House Salad

Salmon Piccata
Served with cherry tomatoes, spinach, capers, and a lemon white wine sauce over linguini

Buffalo Chicken Mac and Cheese 
Served with buffalo chicken and scallions over cavatappi pasta

Chicken and Prosciutto
Served with shallots, sweet peas, spinach, and an alfredo sauce over fettuccine

Fruit De Mare
Served with mussels, calamari, lobster, and a pesto white wine sauce over linguini

Drink Specials
Orange Cream Pop
Orange cream vodka, milk, orange juice
7
Modelo Cans
5
Snoqualmie Organic Riesling
8, Lunch Specials

Sandwiches come with a choice of soup, salad, or fries

Arugula Salad
Goat Cheese, Figs, Almonds, Blackened Duck Breast, and Champagne Vinaigrette 
10

Turkey Club Wrap
Lettuce, Tomato, Bacon, and Mayo on Flour Tortilla
 10

Breakfast Quesadilla
Scrambled Eggs, Bacon, Scallions, Black Beans, Sausage, Jack Cheese, Pico De Gallo, Sour Cream, Guacamole, in a Flour Tortilla
10

Pan Seared Scallops
Artichokes, Asparagus, Risotto, and a Buffalo Cream Sauce
 11, Dinner Specials

Appetizer

Bruschetta 
Tomatoes, basil, mozzarella, balsamic reduction
7

Entrée

Seafood Risotto 
Scallops, shrimp, lobster, cherry tomatoes, asparagus, collard greens, lemon wine sauce
23

New York Sirloin
House fries, onion rings, asparagus, brandy peppercorn sauce
21

Mahi Mahi
Fingerling potatoes, asparagus, garlic wine sauce
20

Blackened Duck Taco Plate
Basmati rice, black beans, pico de gallo, guacamole
17

Grilled Pork Chop
Sweet potato fries, green beans, sweet chipotle glaze
16, Stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 10pm......., "Boston Volunteers is organizing first annual Doggy Fun Run at Mystic River Bend Reservation Park in Medford to raise funds for Animal Rescue League of Boston and dog park in Medford. Individual runners and dog owners can run 2k or 5k on the banks of beautiful Mystic river separating Medford and Somerville. Register today at www.doggyfunrun.org
 we hope to see you there!"






Doggy Fun Run & Walk 2k/5k 
doggyfunrun.bostonvolunteer.org
Boston Volunteers will be hosting the first-ever Doggy Fun Run & Walk on June 29, 2013. Individual runners and dog owners with their dogs will run or walk a 2K or 5K together around the Mystic River Bend Reservation separating Medford and Somerville, MA., GO BRUINS!, Dinner Specials

Appetizer

Bruschetta 
Tomatoes, basil, mozzarella, balsamic reduction
7

Entrée

Seafood Risotto 
Scallops, shrimp, lobster, cherry tomatoes, asparagus, collard greens, lemon wine sauce
23

New York Sirloin
House fries, onion rings, asparagus, brandy peppercorn sauce
21

Mahi Mahi
Fingerling potatoes, asparagus, garlic wine sauce
20

Blackened Duck Taco Plate
Basmati rice, black beans, pico de gallo, guacamole
17

Grilled Pork Chop
Sweet potato fries, green beans, sweet chipotle glaze
16

Drink Specials

Orange Cream Pop
Orange cream vodka, milk, orange juice
7

Modelo Cans
$5

Snoqualmie Organic Riesling
8, Ain't no thing but a chicken wing!

 30 cent wings tonight, Appetizer

Pulled Pork Sliders 
Cole slaw, cheddar cheese, house chips
10

Tonight's Dinner Specials
Entrée

Seafood Risotto 
Scallops, shrimp, lobster, cherry tomatoes, asparagus, collard greens, lemon wine sauce
23

New York Sirloin
House fries, onion rings, asparagus, blue cheese demi glace
21

Mahi Mahi
Fingerling potatoes, asparagus, garlic wine sauce
20

Fried Chicken
Mashed potatoes, green beans, bacon gravy
17

Drink Specials

Orange Cream Pop
Orange cream vodka, milk, orange juice
7

Modelo Cans
$5

Snoqualmie Organic Riesling
8, Trivia has been canceled tonight due to the Bruins Game!, Orleans’ Pasta Night

Fried Artichokes 
Served with creamy ranch dressing
6

Southwest Pizza
Served with black beans, scallions, onions, tomatoes, Cajun chicken, and topped with BBQ sauce
12

Pastas $14.95 Served with a House Salad

Pan Seared Scallops
Served with asparagus, cherry tomatoes, spinach, and a cilantro cream sauce over linguini

Shrimp Scampi 
Served with celery, onions, carrots, and a lemon white wine sauce over couscous

Chicken Pasta
Served with broccoli, zucchini, yellow squash, and a pesto sauce over penne pasta, Lunch Specials

Sandwiches come with a choice of soup, salad, or fries

Cranberry Chicken Salad
Celery and Onions, wrapped with Iceberg Lettuce  
10

Turkey Club
Lettuce, Tomato, Bacon, and Mayo on Multigrain Bread
 10

Meatloaf Sandwich
Smoked Red Onions, Pepper Jack Cheese, BBQ Sauce, on a French Baguette
10

Grilled Pork Chops
Served with Bacon, Scallion Mashed Potato, Asparagus, and a Red Wine Reduction
 12, Appetizer

Baja Fish Tacos
Crispy cod, sweet chili slaw, chimichurri, chipotle aioli
6

Tonight's Dinner Specials

Entrée

Scallops Over linguine
Cherry tomatoes, asparagus, collard greens, lemon wine sauce
22

Short Rib
Mashed potatoes, aromatic vegetables, demi glace sauce
19

Mahi Mahi
Artichoke spinach risotto, basil aioli
21

Pan Seared Duck Breast
Fingerling potatoes, watercress salad, orange ginger glaze 
20

Grilled Pork Chop
Bacon mashed potatoes, asparagus, Madera wine reduction
19

Drink Specials

Modelo Cans
$5

Snoqualmie Organic Riesling
8, Ain't no thing but a chicken wing!

30 cent wings tonight, Join us for Trivia at 8:00pm, Jackpot is $500!

Dinner Specials

Appetizer

Baja Fish Tacos
Crispy cod, sweet chili slaw, chimichurri, chipotle aioli
6

Entrée

Ricotta Stuffed Rigatoni with Shrimp
Asparagus, mushrooms, sun dried tomatoes, garlic cream sauce
 17

Short Rib
Mashed potatoes, aromatic vegetables, demi glace sauce
19

Stuffed Chicken
Prosciutto, tomatoes, mozzarella, roasted potatoes, lemon ajus
16

Chicken Alfredo Pizza
Broccoli, peppers, parmesan cheese 
14

Texas Turkey Chile Burger
Jalapeño jack cheese, house fries
14

Drink Specials

Sam Adams Light and Lager Bottles
4

Modelo Cans
$5

Snoqualmie Organic Riesling
8, Two Taco Tuesday

Buffalo Chicken Tacos

Lettuce, tomato, and blue cheese dressing
In a flour tortilla
$5

Blackened Shrimp Tacos
Sweet slaw and chipotle aioli
In a flour tortilla
$6

Baja crispy cod Tacos
Sweet slaw, chimichuri and chipotle aioli
In a flour tortilla
$6

Texas Chili Tacos
American cheese in a crispy corn tortilla
$5

Drink Specials

Snoqualmie Organic Riesling
$8

Modelo Cans
$5

Sam Adams Lager Bottle
$4, Pasta Night!

Sirloin Tacos 
Served with avocado, lettuce, tomatoes, chipotle aioli, in a flour tortilla
6

Pastas $14.95 Served with a House Salad

Potato Gnocchi
Served with chorizo, chicken, broccoli, mushrooms, and a chipotle cream sauce

Capellini de mare 
Served with lobster, mussels, calamari, and a pesto white wine sauce over fettuccine 

Butternut Squash Ravioli
Served with shitake mushrooms, sweet peas, and an alfredo sauce, Happy Memorial Day!

Come try one of our brunch specials while relaxing on the patio in this weather!, Dinner Specials!

Appetizer

Fried Butternut Squash
Maple Cream sauce
7

Entrée

Pan Seared Tilapia
Artichokes, asparagus, risotto, garlic spinach, lemon white wine sauce 
16

Short Rib
Blue Cheese mashed potatoes, grilled asparagus, and horseradish demi glaze 
19

Panko Crusted Cod
Green beans, roasted potatoes, balsamic tomato chutney
18

Roasted Pear Pizza
Prosciutto, arugula, fig jam, mozzarella   
12

Drink Specials

Sam Adams Light and Lager Bottles
4

Snoqualmie Organic Riesling
8, Somerville parade, Happy Memorial Weekend! Enjoy a bloody mary or mimosa at Orleans!, Come watch the Bruins take on the Rangers in Game 6! 5:30pm start!, They Are Back!!! $1 Oysters Monday thru Friday from 
3:00-7:00pm. Starting May 27th, Feeling lucky? TRIVIA at Orleans tonight!!! Jackpot is $500!

Dinner Specials
Appetizer
Fried Pickles
Spicy remoulade sauce
12

Entrée

Baked Stuffed Trout
Lump crab, leeks, peppers, brown rice, pepper coolant sauce
18

Steak Frites
House fries, onion rings, green beans, gorgonzola cheese
21

Chicken & Broccoli
Alfredo sauce, fettuccine pasta
15

Fried Clam Plate
House fries, coleslaw, tarter sauce
17

 Drink Specials

Sam Adams Light and Lager Bottles
4

Snoqualmie Organic Riesling
8, 'LIKE' if you are watching tonight's Game 3 tilt between the Bruins and Rangers. Game time is set for 7:30PM, Orleans’ Pasta Night

Meatball Sliders 
Served with mozzarella cheese and house chips
8

Pastas $14.95 Served with a House Salad

Shrimp and Linguini
Served with tomatoes, asparagus, and a pesto white wine sauce over linguini

Meatball Pasta
Served with marinara sauce over penne  

Vermont Chicken Pasta
Served with sun-dried tomatoes, sautéed chicken, bacon, spinach, and a cheddar cream sauce over cavatappi pasta
 
Chicken and Fettuccini
Served with spinach, broccoli, cherry tomatoes, and a brandy cream sauce over fettuccini, Lunch Specials

Sandwiches come with a choice of soup, salad, or fries

Grilled Chicken Buritto
Rice, Black Beans, Mozzarella Cheese, Avocado, 
Sour Cream and Pico De Gallo in a Flour Tortilla.
10

Chicken Fettuccini
With Asparagus and Procuitto in a tomato Cream Sauce.
 10

Pulled Pork Sandwich 
With Cole Slaw, Cheddar Cheese and Fried Onion Rings
On a Portuguese Sweet Roll.
10

Tuna Melt
Bacon, Avocado, Swiss Cheese and Tomato on White Bread.
 10, The windows and the patio are open! Stop by for a bloody mary and brunch!, Stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 10pm......., Appetizer

Fried Clams
House made tarter sauce
12

Entrée

Baked Stuffed Trout
Lump crab, leeks, peppers, brown rice, pepper coolant sauce
22

Kona Sirloin
Mashed potatoes, asparagus, Kona butter
23

Potato Gnocchi
Chicken, Prosciutto, asparagus, sweet peas, marinara sauce, parmesan cheese
17

Seafood Fra Diavolo
Calamari, shrimp, mussels, cod, arrabbiata sauce, over linguine
24

  Drink Specials

Jack Honey Julep
Jack Daniels honey, mint, simple syrup
9

Stormy Iceland
Ryka Vodka, Elderflower Liquor, Cucumber, Ginger Beer
10

Sam Adams Summer Bottles
4

Snoqualmie Organic Riesling
8, DINNER SPECIALS

Appetizer

Beef Stew
Celery, onions, carrots, turnips, topped with mashed potatoes
12

Entrée

Blackened Tilapia
Basmati rice, black beans, pineapple salsa
16

Lemon Thyme Chicken
Pan seared chicken breast, fingerling potatoes, roasted vegetables pan jus
18

Potato Gnocchi
Chicken, Prosciutto, asparagus, sweet peas, marinara sauce, parmesan cheese
17

Fruits De Mare
Calamari, swordfish, lobster, spicy garlic wine, fettuccine 
20

Drink Specials

Sam Adams Summer Bottles
4

Snoqualmie Organic Riesling
8, Lunch Specials

Sandwiches come with a choice of soup, salad, or fries

Beef Stew
Celery, carrots, and turnips topped with mashed potatoes. 
10

Tuna Melt
Lettuce, tomato, bacon, and American cheese on multigrain bread.
 10

Bruschetta and Chicken Salad
Our traditional baby field green salad topped with grilled chicken, bruschetta, and balsamic vinaigrette
10

Blackened Tilapia Tacos
2 soft tacos, blackened tilapia, sweet and spicy cabbage, Baja aioli, chimichurri, black beans, rice, guacamole, and pico de gallo
12, Feeling lucky? TRIVIA at Orleans tonight!!! Jackpot is $500!

Appetizer

Beef Stew
Celery, onions, carrots, turnips, topped with mashed potatoes
12

Entrée

Blackened Tilapia
Basmati rice, black beans, pineapple salsa
16

Lemon Thyme Chicken
Pan seared chicken breast, fingerling potatoes, roasted vegetables pan jus
18

Potato Gnocchi
Chicken, Prosciutto, asparagus, sweet peas, marinara sauce, parmesan cheese
17

Fruits De Mare
Calamari, swordfish, lobster, spicy garlic wine, fettuccine 
20

Drink Specials
Sam Adams Summer Bottles
4
Snoqualmie Organic Riesling
8, Two Taco Tuesday

Buffalo Chicken Tacos
Lettuce, tomato, and blue cheese dressing
In a flour tortilla
$5

Blackened Tilapia Tacos
Sweet slaw and chipotle aioli
In a flour tortilla
$6

Pulled Pork Tacos
Cheddar cheese and sour cream
In a crispy corn tortilla
$5

Texas Chili Tacos
American cheese crispy corn tortilla
$5

Drink Special
Snoqualmie Organic Riesling
8

Sam Adams Summer Bottles
4, Orleans’ Pasta Night

Tomato Mozzarella Bruschetta 
Served over a crostini crouton
6

Pastas $14.95 Served with a House Salad

Capellini de mare
Served with calamari, mussels, lobster, and a pesto white wine sauce over linguini

Pan Seared Scallops
Served with arugula, cherry tomatoes, asparagus, and a lemon white wine sauce over fettuccini   

Vermont Chicken Pasta
Served with sun-dried tomatoes, sautéed chicken, bacon, spinach, and a cheddar cream sauce over cavatappi pasta, Lunch Specials

Sandwiches come with a choice of soup, salad, or fries

Turkey Burger
Pepper Jack cheese, Island Cole Slaw and Jalapenos
10

Breakfast Quesadilla
Scrambled Eggs, Bacon, Sausage, Scallions and
Colby Jack Cheese in a Flour Tortilla.
Sides of Pico de Gallo, Sour Cream and Guacamole.
 10

Turkey Club
Lettuce, tomato, bacon, and Mayo
On Multigrain Bread
10

Buffalo Chicken Wrap
Fried Buffalo Tenders, Romaine Lettuce, Tomatoes
And Blue Cheese dressing in a Flour Tortilla.
 10, Dinner Specials

Appetizer

Goat cheese Salad
Candied walnuts, dried cranberries, champagne vinaigrette
9

Entrée

Turkey Burger
Pepper Jack cheese spicy slaw, jalapeños
12

Lemon Thyme Chicken
Pan seared chicken breast, fingerling potatoes, roasted vegetables pan jus
18

Sweet Corn & Scallop Risotto
Pan seared diver scallops, sweet corn risotto, fried leeks
21

Flank Steak
Mashed potatoes, creamy peppercorn sauce, green beans
18

Drink Specials

Sam Adams Summer Bottles
4

Corona and Corona Light
5
Bucket of five
20

Snoqualmie Organic Riesling
8, Dinner Specials
Appetizer

Goat cheese Salad
Candied walnuts, dried cranberries, champagne vinaigrette
9

Entrée

Turkey Burger
Pepper Jack cheese spicy slaw, jalapeños
12

Lemon Thyme Chicken
Pan seared chicken breast, fingerling potatoes, roasted vegetables pan jus
18

Sweet Corn & Scallop Risotto
 Pan seared diver scallops, sweet corn risotto, fried leeks
21

Flank Steak
Mashed potatoes, creamy peppercorn sauce, green beans
18

Drink Specials

Sam Adams Summer Bottles
4

Corona and Corona Light
5
Bucket of five
20

Snoqualmie Organic Riesling
8, Summer has arrived! Come sit oustide on the patio or by the windows during this beautiful day and enjoy a Leinenkugal Summer Shandy on draft!, Tonights Dinner Specials

Appetizers
30 cent wings 

Fenway Egg roll
Peppers, onions, sausage, chili mustard sauce
7

Entrée

Turkey Burger
Pepper Jack cheese spicy slaw, jalapeños
12

Short Rib Risotto
Served with mixed vegetables
17

Potato Gnocchi
 Chicken, artichokes, asparagus, cherry tomatoes, lemon white wine sauce
16

Flank Steak
Mashed potatoes, creamy peppercorn sauce, green beans
18

Drink Specials

Corona and Corona Light
5
Bucket of five
20

Snoqualmie Organic Riesling
8, Thumbs up if you are ready to watch the B's battle the Leafs in Game 4 tonight in Toronto. Puck drops at 7PM., Two Taco Tuesday
Buffalo Chicken Tacos
Lettuce, tomato and blue cheese dressing
In a flour tortilla
$5

Fried Avocado Tacos
Sweet slaw and remoulade sauce 
In a soft corn tortilla
$5

Texas Chili Tacos 
American cheese and sour cream 
In a crispy corn tortilla
$5

Baja Fish Tacos
Sweet chili slaw and chipotle aioli
In a flour tortilla
$6

Drink Special
Pear Margarita
Camarena teguila, pear liquor, sour mix, lime juice, splash of oj
9, Orleans’ Pasta Night

Fenway Egg Roll 
Served with peppers, onions, sausage, and a chili mustard sauce
7

Pastas $14.95 Served with a House Salad

Frutti di mare
Served with calamari, mussels, lobster, and a spicy plum tomato sauce over fettuccine

Italian Sausage
Served with spinach, artichokes, cherry tomatoes, and a garlic white wine sauce over potato gnocchi   

Ricotta Cheese and Stuffed Rigatoni
Served with chicken, sweet peas, asparagus, cherry tomatoes, peppers, and a sriracha cream sauce
 
Drink Specials

Woodchuck Cider Summer
Crisp and refreshing because they are made from apples, never woodchucks.
$5

Beer Specials
Corona
$4
Corona Light
$4, Lunch Specials

Sandwiches come with a choice of soup, salad, or fries

Pan Seared Halibut Cheeks
With a Sweet Corn Risotto and a Siracha Cream Sauce
12

Italian Sausage Pasta
With a sautéed Pepper Medley and Marinara sauce, tossed with Fettuccini.
10

Sirloin  Sandwich
Sliced Sirloin Steak (desired temp), Avocado, Chipotle Aioli,
Lettuce and Tomato on Ciabatta Bread.
10

Irish Bacon BLT
With Mayo on Country White Bread.
10, Dinner Specials!

Appetizer

Sirloin Tacos
Avocado, tomatoes, lettuce, chipotle aioli, and chimichurri in a flour tortilla
7

Entrée

Steak Fajita
Black beans, avocado, basmati rice, peppers, onions, and mushrooms in a corn tortilla
16

Italian Sausage Pasta
Peppers, mushrooms, and tomato broth over fettuccine
15

Grilled Pork Chop
Chorizo and leek stuffing, mashed potatoes, colored greens, and an apple chili sauce 
18

Pan Seared Halibut Cheeks
Sweet corn risotto, sautéed spinach, with lemon thyme and peppercorn aju
18

Drink Specials

Corona and Corona Light
Bucket of 5
$20

Mexican Kiss
Silver tequila, cranberry juice, fresh lime juice, and moscato
$8 

Citrus Margarita
Patron anejo, fresh lime juice, fresh orange juice, and triple sec
$12, Come celebrate Cinco de Mayo at Orleans with some of our delicious drink specials!

Corona and Corona Light
Bucket of 5
$20

Mexican Kiss
Silver tequila, cranberry juice, fresh lime juice, and moscato
$8 

Citrus Margarita
Patron anejo, fresh lime juice, fresh orange juice, and triple sec
$12, Tonights Dinner Special

Appetizer

Crispy Shrimp
Chipotle glaze
9

Entrée

Carne Asada
Black beans, avocado, basmati rice, corn tortillas
17

Italian sausage pasta
Broccoli, asparagus, spinach, spicy tomato sauce
15

Grilled Pork Chop
Chorizo & leek stuffing, mashed potatoes, lemon thyme & peppercorn aju
18

Roast half duck 
Buttered spinach, creamed potatoes, fig jam
22

Pan seared halibut cheeks
Sautéed potatoes, buttered leeks
19

Beer Special
Woodchuck Cider Summer
Crisp and refreshing because they are made from apples, never woodchucks.
5

Drink Special
Lavender Martini
American Harvest Organic Vodka, crème de violette, lavender syrup, lemon juice, simple syrup
10

Wine Special
Snoqualmie Riesling
This fresh organically grown Riesling bursts with pear aromas accented with mineral characters. A crisp, off dry finish captures the pure elegance of this varietal.
8

Whiskey Special
Michael Collins Single Malt Irish whiskey
9, Come to Orleans for a delicious mint julep and watch the Kentucky Derby!, Tonights Dinner Specials

Appetizer

Crispy Shrimp
Chipotle glaze
9

Entrée

Carne Asada
Black beans, avocado, basmati rice, corn tortillas
17

Italian sausage pasta
Broccoli, asparagus, spinach, spicy tomato sauce
15

Grilled Pork Chop
Chorizo & leek stuffing, mashed potatoes, lemon thyme & peppercorn aju
18

Roast half duck 
Buttered spinach, creamed potatoes, fig jam
22

Pan seared halibut cheeks
Sautéed potatoes, buttered leeks
19

Beer Special
Woodchuck Cider Summer
Crisp and refreshing because they are made from apples, never woodchucks.
5

Drink Special
Lavender Martini
American Harvest Organic Vodka, crème de violette, lavender syrup, lemon juice, simple syrup
10

Wine Special
Snoqualmie Riesling
This fresh organically grown Riesling bursts with pear aromas accented with mineral characters. A crisp, off dry finish captures the pure elegance of this varietal.
8

Whiskey Special
Michael Collins Single Malt Irish whiskey
9, Tonights Dinner Specials

Appetizer

Sautéed Shrimp
 Spicy vegetable cous cous
7

Entrée
Carne Asada
Black beans, avocado, basmati rice, corn tortillas
16

Italian sausage pasta
Broccoli, asparagus, spinach, arrabiata sauce
15

Grilled Pork Chop
Rosemary garlic stuffing, mashed potatoes, asparagus fig glaze
19

Greek Salad
Black olives, feta, caramelized apple, red onion, champagne vinaigrette
12

Beer Special
Woodchuck Cider Summer
Crisp and refreshing because they are made from apples, never woodchucks.
5

Drink Special
Lavender Martini
American Harvest Organic Vodka, crème de violette, lavender syrup, lemon juice, simple syrup
10
Wine Special
Snoqualmie Riesling
This fresh organically grown Riesling bursts with pear aromas accented with mineral characters. A crisp, off dry finish captures the pure elegance of this varietal.
8
Whiskey Special
Michael Collins Single Malt Irish whiskey
9, Mother's day is right around the corner. Treat the moms in your life to a special day!  
We are still accepting Mother's day reservations. Call (617)591-2100 for inquiries and reservations., Orleans’ Pasta Night

Shrimp Skewers 
Served with peppers, onions, and a sweet corn sauce
9

Pastas $14.95 Served with a House Salad

Tilapia Piccata Pasta
Served with asparagus, tomatoes, mushrooms, and a lemon caper sauce over fettuccini

Shrimp Scampi 
Served with tomatoes, scallions, asparagus, garlic, and a lemon white wine sauce over linguini 

Chicken and Broccoli
Served with alfredo sauce over penne   

Ricotta Cheese Stuffed Rigatoni
Served with Italian sausage, collard greens, and a vodka sauce
 
Drink Specials

Woodchuck Cider Summer
Crisp and refreshing because they are made from apples, never woodchucks.
5

Lavender Martini
American Harvest Organic Vodka, crème de violette, lavender syrup, lemon juice, simple syrup
10, Its a beautiful day to sit on the patio and enjoy one of our specials!

Lunch Specials

Sandwich specials come with a choice of soup, salad, or fries

Chicken & Broccoli Alfredo
Over Fettuccini 
12

Grilled Shrimp Salad
Carmelized Onions, Apples, Mandarin Oranges, Black Olives, 
Feta Cheese, Ice Berg Lettuce and Citrus Vinegarette.
12

Pesto Chicken Sandwich
Roasted Red Peppers and Onions, Swiss Cheese
On Multigrain Bread.
10

Blackened Tilapia BLT
With Chipotle Aioli on Country White Bread.
10, The windows and the patio are open!  Stop by for a bloody mary and brunch!, Karaoke tonight 10pm, its fun and its free, Sox vs Astros 7:10pm
Game 3 - Celts vs Knicks 8:00pm

Tonights Dinner Specials
Appetizer

Veggie Spring Rolls
Sweet chili mustard
7

Entrée

Cornmeal Crusted Tilapia
Basmati rice, collard greens, timoteo sauce
16

Ricotta Stuffed Rigatoni 
Asparagus, spinach, sweet peas, vodka sauce
15

Half Roast Duck
 Spicy vegetable couscous, bourbon fig jam
23

Grilled Pork Chop
Rosemary garlic stuffing, apple puree, mashed potatoes, asparagus
19

Beer Special
Woodchuck Cider Summer
Crisp and refreshing because they are made from apples, never woodchucks.
5

Drink Special
Lavender Martini
American Harvest Organic Vodka, crème de violette, lavender syrup, lemon juice, simple syrup
10
Wine Special
Snoqualmie Riesling
This fresh organically grown Riesling bursts with pear aromas accented with mineral characters. A crisp, off dry finish captures the pure elegance of this varietal.
8
Whiskey Special
Michael Collins Single Malt Irish whiskey
9, A beautiful day to sit on the patio and have a delicious cold beverage! The patio and windows are open all day at Orleans!, Tonights Dinner Specials

Appetizer
Pan Fried Shrimp
 Chili pepper, garlic, olive oil,
toasted ciabatta
8

Entrée

Blackened Tilapia
Basmati rice, black beans, pico de gallo
16

Chicken & Broccoli Alfredo 
Penne pasta
 16

 Chicken and Bacon Salad 
Tomatoes, cucumber, red onion, mixed greens, croutons, creamy parmesan & basil dressing
16

Taco Pizza
Ground beef, lettuce, pico de gallo, guacamole, sour cream
12

Beer Special
New Albion Ale (Brewed by Sam Adams)
3

Drink Special

Bee Sting
Dewar’s honey, dry vermouth, lime twist
10

Whiskey Special
Michael Collins Single Malt Irish whiskey
9, Champions League today at 2:45 featuring Bayern vs Barcelona, Orleans’ Pasta Night

Sirloin Sandwich 
Served with avocado, lettuce, tomato, chipotle aioli, and chimichurri on a French baguette
10

Pastas $14.95 Served with a House Salad

Pan Seared Tilapia
Served with asparagus, tomatoes, mushrooms, and a garlic white wine sauce over fettuccini

Shrimp Scampi 
Served with tomatoes, scallions, asparagus, garlic, and a lemon white wine sauce over linguini 

Chicken and Broccoli
Served with alfredo sauce over penne   

Egg Plant Parmesan
Served with marinara sauce over penne, LUNCH SPECIALS

All sandwiches come with a choice of soup, salad, or fries
Soup of the Day: Potato and Garlic

Fried Avocado BLT
Lettuce, tomato, bacon, and chipotle aioli on white bread
10

Open Faced Tuna Melt
Bacon, tomato, and Swiss cheese on an English Muffin
10

Steak Salad Wrap
Spinach, feta cheese, tomato, cucumber, onion, and ranch dressing in a flour tortilla
10

Tilapia Piccata
Roasted fingerling potatoes, asparagus, and a lemon caper sauce
12, Dinner Specials

Appetizer
Salmon Cake
Siracha aioli, mixed greens
12
 
Entrée
 
Blackened Tilapia
Basmati rice, black beans, pico de gallo
16
 
Cornish Hen
Mashed potato, asparagus, honey mustard glaze
17
 
New York Sirloin
Green peppercorn brandy cream sauce, house fries, asparagus
20
 
Grilled Pork Tenderloin
Fingerling potatoes, green beans, sweet chipotle glaze
18
 
Beer Special
New Albion Ale (Brewed by Sam Adams)
3
 
Drink Special
 
Bee Sting
Dewar’s honey, dry vermouth, lime twist
10
 
Whiskey Special
Michael Collins Single Malt Irish whiskey
9, Serving Brunch until 3pm! Come watch the Sox and try out our new Sam Adams Boston Brew 26.2, Dinner Specials
Appetizer
Salmon Cake
Siracha aioli, mixed greens
12

Entrée

Blackened Tilapia
Basmati rice, black beans, pico de gallo
16

Cornish Hen
Mashed potato, asparagus, honey mustard glaze
 17

New York Sirloin
Green peppercorn brandy cream sauce, house fries, asparagus
20

Grilled Pork Tenderloin
Fingerling potatoes, green beans, sweet chipotle glaze
18

Beer Special
New Albion Ale (Brewed by Sam Adams)
3

Drink Special

Bee Sting
Dewar’s honey, dry vermouth, lime twist
10

Whiskey Special
Michael Collins Single Malt Irish whiskey
9, Orleans is open for normal business today so if you need a break come grab a beer and some food with us, Happening now!, Feeling lucky? TRIVIA at Orleans tonight!!! Jackpot is $500!

Appetizer
Breaded Goat Cheese Salad
Candied walnuts, mixed green cranberry salad
12

Entrée

Teriyaki Salmon Fillet
Fingerling potatoes, beetroot arugula salad
18

Meatloaf sandwich
Onion bbq sauce, jack cheese, ciabatta bread
 12

New York Sirloin
Green peppercorn brandy cream sauce, house fries, asparagus
20

Grilled Chicken & Prosciutto Penne Pasta 
Asparagus, spinach, wild mushrooms, garlic cream sauce
18

Eggplant Parmesan
Fresh tomato, mozzarella, marinara sauce, baby field greens
14

Drink Special

Bee Sting
Dewar’s honey, dry vermouth, lime twist
10

Whiskey Special
Michael Collins Single Malt Irish whiskey
9, Now on Draught, Starting this week Orleans will be proudly carrying Sam Adams Boston 26.2 brew on tap.  Sam Adams will be donating all the proceeds from this beer to the survivors of the tragedy yesterday at the Boston Marathon., Brunch Specials!

Breakfast Quesadilla
Bacon, sausage, jack cheese, scrambled eggs, sour cream, guacamole, and pico de gallo
$10

Veggie Omelet
Zucchini, squash, peppers, onions, and goat cheese
$10

 American Breakfast
Two buttermilk pancakes, two eggs, choice of bacon or sausage
$10

  Breakfast Burrito
Scrambled eggs, black beans, pico de gallo, jack cheese, rice, in a flour tortilla 
$10

Challah French Toast
Served with fresh berries, maple syrup 
$10

Orleans’ Omelet
Caramelized onions, andouille sausage, red peppers, Swiss cheese 
$10

Cuban Egg Melt Sandwich
Pulled pork caritas, black forest ham, Swiss, two soft eggs 
$10, Scallops Wrapped In Bacon
12

Teriyaki Salmon Fillet
Red onion, beetroot, arugula salad
18

Crispy Fried Pork
Mashed potatoes, red wine & mushroom gravy
 17

New York Sirloin
Green peppercorn brandy cream sauce, house fries, green beans
21

Pan Seared Scallops 
Fettuccine, arrabiata sauce 
20

Chickpea & Vegetable Curry 
Basmati rice, naan flatbread
15, null, Dinner Specials
Appetizer
Scallops Wrapped In Bacon
12

Entrée

Teriyaki Salmon Fillet
Red onion, beetroot, arugula salad
18

Crispy Fried Pork
Mashed potatoes, red wine & mushroom gravy
 17

New York Sirloin
Green peppercorn brandy cream sauce, house fries, green beans
21

Pan Seared Scallops 
Fettuccine, arrabiata sauce 
20

Chickpea & Vegetable Curry 
Basmati rice, naan flatbread
15

Drink Special

Bee Sting
Dewar’s honey, dry vermouth, lime twist
10

Wine Special
Dark Horse Chardonnay
Rich flavors of baked apple and pear, layered with toasted oak notes of caramel and brown spice with a lingering, smooth finish.
7gl/26btl

Whiskey Special
Michael Collins Single Malt Irish whiskey
9, null, Watch full Masters coverage on our HD TVs this afternoon and all weekend long starting at 1 pm! Enjoy the golf with a pint of our newest draft line, Clown Shoes Clementine Wheat Beer!, Dinner Specials

Appetizer
Black beans Avocado salad tacos 
6

Entrée

South West Grilled Romaine
Chicken, black beans, bacon, Jack cheese, ranch dresssing
12

Bacon Wrapped Pork tenderloin
Sweet potato mashed, asparagus, chipotle glaze
 17

Orleans’ Meatloaf
Mashed potatoes, green beans, red wine mushroom gravy
16

Kona Sirloin
Mashed potatoes, green beans, kona butter
21

Drink Special

Bee Sting
Dewar’s honey, dry vermouth, lime twist
10

Wine Special
Dark Horse Chardonnay
Rich flavors of baked apple and pear, layered with toasted oak notes of caramel and brown spice with a lingering, smooth finish.
7gl/26btl

Whiskey Special
Michael Collins Single Malt Irish whiskey
9, Hi friends, our newest sister restaurant in Waltham is opening very soon. They are HIRING FOR ALL POSITIONS. Please pass the word on to any friends and family you have in the Waltham area.  
Resumes can be sent to info@copperhousetavern.com.
Thank you!, Feeling lucky? TRIVIA at Orleans tonight!!! Jackpot is $500!
Red Sox vs Orioles at 7:00pm. 
Bruins vs Devils 7:30pm.
Celtics vs Nets 8:00pm.

Dinner Specials
Appetizer
Black beans Avocado salad tacos 
6

Entrée

South West Grilled Romaine
Chicken, black beans, bacon, Jack cheese, ranch dressing
12

Bacon Wrapped Pork tenderloin
Sweet potato mashed, asparagus, chipotle glaze
 17

Orleans’ Meatloaf
Mashed potatoes, green beans, red wine mushroom gravy
16

Kona Sirloin
Mashed potatoes, green beans, kona butter
21

Drink Special

Bee Sting
Dewar’s honey, dry vermouth, lime twist
10

Wine Special
Dark Horse Chardonnay
Rich flavors of baked apple and pear, layered with toasted oak notes of caramel and brown spice with a lingering, smooth finish.
7gl/26btl

Whiskey Special
Michael Collins Single Malt Irish whiskey
9, Taco  Tuesday
  Veggie T3acos
 Avocado,  tomato, onion, cilantro, crispy corn tortilla
$5
Honey Hot Chicken Tacos
 Lettuce, tomato, blue cheese, flour tortillas
                                              $5
Pulled Pork Tacos
Cheddar cheese, sour cream, crispy corn tortillas
$5
                                       Baja Fish Tacos
Crispy cod, spicy cabbage slaw, chipotle aioli, flour tortillas
$6, Another beautiful day means another opportunity to hang out on our patio! Enjoy a glass of sangria and our tasty specials while the nice weather lasts., $1 Oysers until 7pm!

Orleans’ Pasta Night

Chicken Alfredo Pizza 
Served with spinach, mushrooms, asparagus, mozzarella cheese, and alfredo sauce
12

Pastas $14.95 Served with a House Salad

Blackened Chicken Pasta
Served with peppers, mushrooms, and cream sauce over fettuccini  

Lobster with Penne 
Served with bacon, mushrooms, leeks, and a sweet sherry wine sauce 

Baked Haddock
Served with asparagus, cherry tomatoes, lemon capers, and a white wine sauce over linguini, Patio is open! Opening day starts at 2pm come to Orleans for a delicious spring beverage!, Lunch Specials

Sandwich specials come with a choice of soup, salad, or fries

Turkey Club
Sliced Turkey, Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato and Mayo on Multigrain Bread
10

B.L.T
Lettuce, Tomato, Bacon, and Chipotle Aioli on white bread
10

Bacon Wrapped Pork Tenderloin
Served with mashed sweet potatoes, grilled asparagus, and a B.B.Q chipotle glaze
12

Baked Haddock
Served with white bean stew and a lemon butter sauce
 12, Dinner Specials tonight:

Appetizer
Fried Avocado 
Spicy remoulade sauce
7

Entrée

Baked Haddock
Parmesan basil crust, white bean stew
17

Bacon Wrapped Pork tenderloin
Sweet potato mashed, asparagus, chipotle glaze
18

Pan Seared Cornish hen
Fingerling potatoes, watercress salad, lemon ajus
17

Kona Sirloin
Mashed potatoes, green beans, kona butter
23, null, Plenty of baseball action all weekend long as well as the Final Four from Atlanta! Catch it all at Orleans and try one of our new featured drafts; Victory Swing Session Saison and Leinenkugal Summer Shandy!, Were getting ready for paint night here at Orleans!, Feeling lucky? TRIVIA at Orleans tonight!!! Jackpot is $500!
Red Sox vs Yanks at 7:00pm. 
Celtics vs Pistons at 7:30pm., Happening Today At 2:45!, Two Taco Tuesday

 Pulled pork
 tacos
Cheddar cheese sour cream 
In a crispy corn tortilla
$5

Buffalo Chicken Tacos
Lettuce, Tomato, Blue Cheese Dressing
In a flour tortilla
$5

Blacken tilapia tacos
Sweet Slaw, chipotle aioli
In a Flour tortilla
$6

Texas Chili Tacos
American cheese and sour cream
In a crispy corn tortilla
$5

Crispy Avocado Tacos
Sweet chili slaw, 
   chipotle aioli, in a flour tortilla
$5, UEFA Champions League Soccer at 2:30pm
QUARTERFINAL:  Paris Saint-Germain (FRA) v FC Barcelona (ESP), Its Pasta Night at Orleans!

Appetizer
Blackened Chicken Sliders 
Served with sweet potato fries and a bacon and scallion gravy
9

Pastas $14.95 Served with a House Salad

Fruit De Mar
Mussels, calamari, lobster, and arrabbiata sauce served over linguini 

Tilapia Piccata Pasta 
Green beans, spinach, tomatoes, lemon capers, and white wine sauce served over fettuccini 

Turkey Meatballs
Served with a plum tomato sauce over linguini  

Chicken and Prosciutto 
Sweet peas, shallots, and alfredo sauce over cheese tortellini, Play ball!!!! Its 60 degrees and sunny, baseball on tv and the windows open! No better place to be! Sports!, Happy Easter! Come in and enjoy our great Easter Sunday food specials all day. Orleans is also featuring Pretty Things Baby Tree on draft which is the perfect beer for all bunny enthusiasts!, Join us Tonight For Karaoke! Come Sing or Request Your Favorite Song With Our Karaoke DJ!!, Appetizer

Potato skins 
Bacon, scallions, sour cream
$7

Entrees

 
Blackened Tilapia 
Rice, black beans, pineapple salsa
$15

Marinated Swordfish skewers 
Vegetable cous cous, red pepper tomato sauce
 $17

Pan Fried Halibut Cheeks
Thai red curry broth, Mediterranean vegetables
$18

Fruit De Mar
Mussels, calamari, lobster, arrabbiata sauce, fettuccini
$21

Drink Special

Frisky Whiskey
Michael Collins Irish Whiskey, Honey Liqueur, Orange Juice, Simple syrup, Bitters
10

Wine Special
Dark Horse Chardonnay
Rich flavors of baked apple and pear, layered with toasted oak notes of caramel and brown spice with a lingering, smooth finish.
7gl/26btl

Whiskey Special
Michael Collins Single Malt Irish whiskey
9, Sports! The Celtics try and make it two wins in a row tonight at 7 against the Hawks. The NCAA tournament continues tonight when David (Florida Gulf Coast) takes on Goliath (Florida).  Its madness!, Tonights Dinner Specials

Appetizer

Risotto Arancini
Stuffed with pesto chicken and cheese  and served with a side of tomato sauce
8

Entrees

Red Thai Seafood Curry 
Served with steamed rice & fresh herbs
16

Caribbean Turkey Burger
Pepper Jack cheese, sweet coleslaw & jalapenos 
 12

Beef medallions
Mashed potatoes, asparagus, and a black pepper demi glaze
17

Spicy Vegetable Gnocchi
Spinach, Asparagus, Mushrooms and Mozzarella served with tomato sauce
14

Drink Special

Frisky Whiskey
Michael Collins Irish Whiskey, Honey Liqueur, Orange Juice, Simple syrup, Bitters
10

Wine Special
Dark Horse Chardonnay
Rich flavors of baked apple and pear, layered with toasted oak notes of caramel and brown spice with a lingering, smooth finish.
7gl/26btl

Whiskey Special
Michael Collins Single Malt Irish whiskey
9, Accepting Easter reservations (617)591-2100. #easter #spring, Feeling lucky? TRIVIA at Orleans tonight!!! Jackpot is $500!, Two Taco Tuesday
 
Pulled pock tacos
 Cheddar cheese sour cream 
In a crispy corn tortilla
 $5
 
Buffalo Chicken Tacos
 Lettuce, Tomato, Blue Cheese Dressing
 In a flour tortilla
 $5
 
Crispy Shrimp Tacos
 Sweet Slaw, chipotle aioli
 In a Flour tortilla
 $6
 
Texas Chili Tacos
 American cheese and sour cream
 In a crispy corn tortilla
 $5
 
Crispy Avocado Tacos
 Sweet chili slaw, 
chipotle aioli, in a flour tortilla
 $5, Orleans’ Pasta Night

Appetizer
Risotto Arancini 
Stuffed with pesto chicken and cheese, served with a side of tomato sauce
7

Pastas $14.95 Served with a House Salad

Baked Fillet of Cod
Spinach, cherry tomatoes, and alfredo sauce served over fettuccini 

Vegetable Gnocchi 
Artichokes, asparagus, mushrooms, and white wine lemon sauce

Pasta Primavera 
Zucchini, squash, peppers, onions, asparagus, and pesto sauce 

Udon Noodle Bowl
Chicken, Asian vegetables, and sweet chili broth, Lunch Specials

All sandwiches come with a choice of soup, salad, or french fries

Soup of the Day: Cream of Zucchini 

Grilled Pork Chop
Served with mashed potato and a honey mustard glaze
$12

Open Faced Tuna
Lettuce, tomato, bacon, and American cheese served on an English muffin
$10

Buffalo Chicken Wrap
Lettuce, tomato, onion and blue cheese dressing
$10

Fried Pickle BLT
Lettuce, tomato, bacon and chipotle mayo on challah bread 
$10, Its Brunch Madness at Orleans! Catch all the upsets and buzzer beaters while chowing down on an Orleans Omolette or any of our great brunch or lunch options, Stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 10pm......., Tonights Specials
Appetizer

Fried Avocado
Served with a seasonal salad and chipotle aioli 
8
Entree
Baked Fillet of Cod  
Sautéed potatoes, carrot puree, and balsamic and herb dressing
18

Blackened Rib Eye Steak
Served with field greens, baked potato, and peppercorn sauce
20

Grilled Pork Chop
Served with mashed potato and a honey mustard glaze 
16

Barbeque Chicken and Bacon Flatbread Pizza 
Jack cheese and spring onions
14

Vegetable and Mozzarella Gnocchi
Served with asparagus, sweet peas, artichoke, and a spinach tomato and basil sauce
15
Drink Special
Frisky Whiskey
Michael Collins Irish Whiskey, Honey Liqueur, Orange Juice, Simple syrup, Bitters
10
Wine Special
Dark Horse Chardonnay
Rich flavors of baked apple and pear, layered with toasted oak notes of caramel and brown spice with a lingering, smooth finish.
7gl/26btl
Whiskey Special
Michael Collins Single Malt Irish whiskey
9, Accepting Easter reservations (617)591-2100. #easter #spring, Our condolences to the people who had Montana and Akron in your final four.  Those were real nail biters.  For the rest of you catch all the March Madness at Orleans on our 12 HD TVS! Lets go Harvard!, WE HAVE A SISTER RESTAURANT OPENING UP!!! CHECK OUT THE JOB FAIR!!!
 
Copper House Tavern 
Waltham, Ma 
Job Fair
Hiring All Positions for exciting new restaurant opening soon
We are looking for motivated, energetic team players who would excel in a fast paced environment to be part of our opening team, restaurant experience is preferred.
 
Please Join us at 380 Winter St, Waltham (Exit 27A )
Monday and Tuesday, March 25 & 26 from 3 to 8 P.M.
(Enter through Best Western main entrance)
If you are unable to attend apply online at info@copperhousetavern.com
 
About Copper House Tavern:
Copper House Tavern will be a contemporary restaurant focusing on serving an eclectic, innovative menu along with 40 craft brewed beers on tap and small batched spirits., null, null, Paint night at Orleans!, null, MARCH MADNESS IS HERE!!! 16 GAMES TODAY!!!
Michigan State vs. Valparaiso tips off at 12:15pm.
Come in grab some lunch and catch all the action., Join us tonight for trivia! $500 Jackpot tonight.
 
 Tomorrow we will be showing all the March Madness game on our 12 Tvs, Two Taco Tuesday

 Pulled pock tacos
Cheddar cheese sour cream 
In a crispy corn tortilla
$5

Buffalo Chicken Tacos
Lettuce, Tomato, Blue Cheese Dressing
In a flour tortilla
$5

Crispy Shrimp Tacos
Sweet Slaw, chipotle aioli
In a Flour tortilla
$6

Texas Chili Tacos
American cheese and sour cream
In a crispy corn tortilla
$5

Crispy Avocado Tacos
Sweet chili slaw, 
   chipotle aioli, in a flour tortilla
$5, Check out our NEW app for iPhones and Droids! Get menus, event updates, loyalty offers, and promotions all in one spot. #orleansjustgotfancy, Orleans’ Pasta Night

Appetizer
Fried Brussel Sprouts
8

Pastas
Pastas $14.95 Served with a House Salad

Cous Cous Shrimp Scampi
Asparagus, tomatoes, shrimp, lemon-white wine sauce

Vegetable Gnocchi 
Brussel sprouts, artichokes, sweet peas, vodka sauce

Orleans’ Mussels
Calamari, spicy white wine sauce, served over linguini

Chicken And Chorizo
Artichokes, mushrooms, chipotle cream sauce, linguine

Drink Specials
Frisky Whiskey
Michael Collins Irish Whiskey, Honey Liqueur, Orange Juice, Simple syrup, Bitters
10
Michael Collins Single Malt Irish whiskey
9, Stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 10pm.......

St Patrick’s Day Specials

Traditional Boston Corned Beef Dinner
With boiled vegetables, Cabbage and tavern mustard 
17
      

Guinness Beef Stew
Beef in a rich gravy with Potatoes, carrots, and turnips
16

Irish BLT
Irish Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato with house potato chips
12

Salmon Fish and Chips
With hand cut fries, house coleslaw, tartar sauce
16

Corned Beef Rueben
Served on a Marble Rye with Russian dressing, sauerkraut and house Potato Chips
12

Drink Specials
Frisky Whiskey
Michael Collins Irish Whiskey, Honey Liqueur, Orange Juice, Simple syrup, Bitters
10
Orleans’ Old Fashion
Michael Collins Whiskey, Luxardo Cherries, Orange, Soda Water
9
Black And Pear
Guinness And Magners Pear
7
Whiskey Special
Michael Collins Single Malt Irish whiskey
9, Weekend Specials

St Patrick’s Day Specials

Traditional Boston Corned Beef Dinner
With boiled root vegetables and Cabbage 
15

Guinness Beef Stew
Beef in a rich gravy with Potatoes, carrots, and turnips
14

Irish BLT
Irish Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato with house potato chips
10

Salmon Fish and Chips
With hand cut fries, house coleslaw, tartar sauce
10

Corned Beef Sandwich
Served on a grilled Roll with Tavern mustard and house Potato Chips
12

Drink Specials
Frisky Whiskey
Michael Collins Irish Whiskey, Honey Liqueur, Orange Juice, Simple syrup, Bitters
10
Orleans’ Old Fashion
Michael Collins Whiskey, Luxardo Cherries, Orange, Soda Water
9
Black And Pear
Guinness And Magners Pear
7
Whiskey Special
Michael Collins Single Malt Irish whiskey
9, Big 10 (11) and ACC tournament action today starting at 12 and going all day! Catch all the College Hoops action including the NCAA Tournament here at Orleans!, Tonights Dinner Specials
Appetizers
New England Charcuterie Board with Traditional Accompaniments
Truffled Mousse Pate, Uncured Milano Sausage, Felino Salami, Prosciutto
12

Mussel and crab meat 
In a garlic wine sauce
10

Classic Reuben
French Fries and Pickle
12

Grilled Pork Chop
Sweet potato fries, asparagus and sweet chipotle glaze 
16

Grilled Chicken 
Mashed Potato, crispy onions and red pepper chorizo sauce
16

Boneless short ribs risotto
Spinach ,asparagus  and mushroom
18

Wine Special
Apothic Red Wine Makers Blend
8gl/30Btl

Dark Horse Chardonnay
Rich flavors of baked apple and pear, layered with toasted oak notes of caramel and brown spice with a lingering, smooth finish.
7gl/26btl

Whiskey Special
Michael Collins Single Malt Irish whiskey
9, Get your drink on while your Think on! Tonights trivia jackpot is $500., Two Taco Tuesday

 Pulled pock tacos
Cheddar cheese sour cream 
In a crispy corn tortilla
$5

Buffalo Chicken Tacos
Lettuce, Tomato, Blue Cheese Dressing
In a flour tortilla
$5

Crispy Shrimp Tacos
Sweet Slaw, chipotle aioli
In a Flour tortilla
$6

Texas Chili Tacos
American cheese and sour cream
In a crispy corn tortilla
$5

Crispy Avocado Tacos
Sweet chili slaw, 
   chipotle aioli, in a flour tortilla
$5, Today at 3:30pm, FC Barcelona vs. AC Milan, It's Pasta Night again, and we are fully loaded, carbo-loaded that is -  Potato Skins, North End Pizza, and pasta, pasta, pasta give you the fuel you need to get through your work week.

*Tonight's pastas feature Cous Cous Shrimp Scampi, Gnocchi Alfredo, and Tilapia Picatta, This bright and sunny day is the perfect time to try a Big Wave Golden Ale. New on draft by Kona Brewing Company, it'll have you feeling like you're at the beach. 

*Serving Suggestion* pair with a Fried Pickle BLT and you'll be sure to have a rad day., Tonights Dinner Specials

Appetizers
New England Charcuterie Board with Traditional Accompaniments
Truffled Mousse Pate, Uncured Milano Sausage, Felino Salami, Prosciutto
12
Stuffed Mushrooms
Leeks, sundried tomatoes, shrimp, boom boom sauce
10
Sizzling Blackened Chicken
Spicy Salsa, Mixed vegetables
16
Grilled Pork Chop
Turnips, carrot puree, honey mustard glaze
16

Tilapia Picatta
Roasted potatoes, green beans, lemon caper sauce
16

Kona Ribeye
Mashed potatoes, grilled asparagus, Kona butter
21

Drink Specials
Orleans’ Old Fashion
Eagle Rare Bourbon, luxardo cherries, orange, soda water
9
Wine Special
Apothic Red Wine Makers Blend
8gl/30Btl
Dark Horse Chardonnay
Rich flavors of baked apple and pear, layered with toasted oak notes of caramel and brown spice with a lingering, smooth finish.
7gl/26btl
Whiskey Special
Michael Collins Single Malt Irish whiskey
9, There's nothing like a foot of snow in March.  No really there isn't, because hell is usually HOT! Come drink away the misery at Orleans with a hot toddy, a dark and stormy or just shots!, Paint nite! Happening now., New promotions at Orleans! http://conta.cc/12xfyPT, Tonights Dinner Specials

Appetizers
New England Charcuterie Board with Traditional Accompaniments
Truffled Mousse Pate, Uncured Milano Sausage, Felino Salami, Prosciutto
14
Crab Meat Mussels
Garlic wine sauce
12
Chorizo Mussels
Red curry sauce
12

Entrees
Chicken and Broccoli
Alfredo sauce, Penne pasta 
14

Blackened Tilapia Tacos
Spicy slaw, chipotle aioli, chimichurri sauce, rice, black beans
16

 Grilled Rib Eye
Mashed potatoes, grilled asparagus, brandy peppercorn sauce
21

Drink Specials
Orleans’ Old Fashion
Eagle Rare Bourbon, luxardo cherries, orange, soda water
9
Wine Special
Apothic Red Wine Makers Blend
8gl/30Btl
Dark Horse Chardonnay
Rich flavors of baked apple and pear, layered with toasted oak notes of caramel and brown spice with a lingering, smooth finish.
7gl/26btl
Whiskey Special
Michael Collins Single Malt Irish whiskey
9, Only Four spots left for this Thurday., null, Real Madrid vs Manchester United at 2:45 to see who will advance to the next round of champions league play!, Have you ever had a FRIED ARTICHOKE SANDWICH?, The Ultimate Rivalry playing here at 7:30 - Go Bruins!, Happening now!              New England Charcuterie Board with Traditional Accompaniments., Tonights Dinner Specials

Appetizers
New England Charcuterie Board with Traditional Accompaniments
Truffled Mousse Pate, Uncured Milano Sausage, Felino Salami, Prosciutto
14
Fried Green Tomatoes
Spicy remoulade sauce
10

Entrees
Lobster Roll 

Sweet potato fries, coleslaw
15
 Potato Gnocchi
Asparagus sweet peas, mushrooms, fresh mozzarella, vodka sauce  
16
 Grilled Rib Eye
Mashed potatoes, grilled asparagus, black pepper demi glaze
21
Chicken Picatta
Fettuccine, lemon caper sauce
17

Drink Specials
Orleans’ Old Fashion
Eagle Rare Bourbon, luxardo cherries, orange, soda water
9
Wine Special
Apothic Red Wine Makers Blend
8gl/30Btl
Dark Horse Chardonnay
Rich flavors of baked apple and pear, layered with toasted oak notes of caramel and brown spice with a lingering, smooth finish.
7gl/26btl
Scotch Special
Michael Collins Single Malt Irish whiskey
9, New England Charcuterie Board with Traditional Accompaniments, Appetizer special tomorrow night., http://paintnite.com/boston/events/2013/3


Every Thursday in March., Try One of our Rotating beers tonight during trivia.

 Jackpot is $500
                                                                                              Big Wave Golden Ale $6
Big Wave is a lighter bodied golden ale with a tropical hop aroma and flavor – a smooth, easy drinking refreshing ale. The use of caramel malt contributes to the golden hue of this beer and our special blend of hops provides bright quenching finish 4.4% ABV. (Kona, Hawaii)

Harpoon UFO White $6
Light, crisp, refreshing UFO White follows in the tradition of spiced wheat beers that have been brewed in Belgium for well over 300 years. Brewed with orange peel and a unique blend of spices, UFO White is the perfect choice for a summer’s barbecue, a night out with friends or any time you¹re thirsting for something a little different. Like all UFO beers, we leave UFO White UnFiltered.
 4.6% ABV.
(Boston, MA)

Berkshire Brewing Company Cabin Fever Ale $6
Cabin Fever is a well-balanced, medium bodied ale brewed to sustain you over the long New England winter. Its rich malt profile is reminiscent of an English Pale Ale, while the spicy and fruity hop finish, from German Tettnang hops, gives it a warming and welcoming feeling to bring you back in from the cold. 6.3% ABV.
 (South Deerfield, MA)

Sam Adams Alpine Spring $6
This unfiltered lager is the perfect brew for spring—flavorful enough for cooler weather but with a balance of bright citrus & crisp maltiness that herald the warmer months to come. A single hop brew with Noble Tettnang hops from the foothills of the Alps, its smooth, refreshing & unique. 5.5% ABV (Boston, MA)

Abita Purple Haze $6
Purple Haze is a lager brewed with real raspberries added after filtration. It is brewed with pilsner and wheat malts and Vanguard hops. The berries add a fruity aroma, tartly sweet taste and a subtle purple color and haze…you may see fruit pulp in the beer. 4.2% ABV. 
(Abita Springs, LA)

Long Trail Traditional IPA $6
Real India Pale Ale (IPA), as it was first brewed in the days of the British Empire, was not the carefully filtered brew that we call IPA beer today. The first IPAs were unfiltered and featured extra hops and higher strength as a preservative for the long trip from England to the colony of India. Our Traditional IPA ale is naturally carbonated, dry-hopped & unfiltered like the old days. 5.9% ABV 
(Bridgewater Corners, Vermont)

Notch Session Pils $6
Salutes the unfiltered lagers of the Czech Republic: crisp, herbal, and hoppy. In the end, Czech Pilsner serves the same function as Brit Session Beer - lower ABV, great flavor, and built for multiple pints. 4.0% ABV. 
(Ipswich, MA)

Baxter Stowaway IPA $6
Deep amber-to-orangish in color, Stowaway pours with a nice, creamy head; a huge hop aroma of citrus, pine and grapefruit notes; and a big, complex, and intense hop flavor from the 5 different hop varieties and double-dry-hopping procedure used in making this beer. 6. 9% ABV. (Lewiston, ME)

Harpoon Celtic Ale $6
Harpoon Celtic Ale features a deep ruby color, medium body, and a balanced malt bill created by Irish Ale malt and a touch of roasted barley. Rich in tradition and sessionable in character, Harpoon Celtic is the ideal Spring seasonal. 5.4% ABV. 
(Boston, MA)

Sam Adams Boston Ale $6
Samuel Adams Boston Ale, a stock ale, has distinct earthy and spicy notes from the traditional English ale hops supported by sweet caramel malt notes. The ale yeast imparts a variety of fruit and ester notes while longer, cooler fermentation adds smoothness and complexity. 5.4% ABV.
(Boston, MA)

Slumbrew Porter Square Porter $6
Rich black porter with a unique blend of chocolate, coffee, roasted and nutty flavors. Brewed with cocoa powder and conditioned with cacao nibs from Taza Chocolate. Bold flavors from the cacao nibs and black malts are balanced with a special blend of pale malts, oats and wheat to produce a lush and lingering mouthfeel. 6.5% ABV. (Somerville), Two Taco Tuesday

 Crispy tilapia Tacos
Spicy coleslaw, Remoulade sauce
In a soft flour tortilla
$5

Buffalo Chicken Tacos
Lettuce, Tomato, Blue Cheese Dressing
In a flour tortilla
$5
 
Crispy Shrimp Tacos
Sweet Slaw, chipotle aioli
In a Flour tortilla
$6

Texas Chili Tacos
American cheese and sour cream
In a crispy corn tortilla
$5

Blacken duck taco
Sweet chili slaw, ginger-soy glaze ,in a flour tortilla
$5, We are open for brunch!!!!, Tonights Dinner Specials

Appetizers
Massachusetts Artisanal Cheese Board with Traditional Accompaniments
$12
Caprese Tower
Fried green tomatoes, fresh mozzarella, marinara sauce 
10
Entrees
Steak Fajitas 
Basmati rice, black beans, peppers, onions, guacamole, sour cream, flour tortillas
16
Pork Tenderloin
Sweet potato fries, green beans, sweet chipotle glaze
18
Turkey Burger 
Jack cheese, sweet Chile slaw, jalapeños, house fries
12
Seafood Risotto
Scallops, shrimp, mussels, spinach, lemon ajus
22
Satler Panco Fried Chicken
Mashed potatoes, collard greens, honey mustard glaze
19, Tonights Dinner Specials

Appetizers
Massachusetts Artisanal Cheese Board with Traditional Accompaniments
$12
 Salmon Sliders
Garlic aioli, house chips 
10
Entrees
Steak Fajitas 
Basmati rice, black beans, peppers, onions, guacamole, sour cream, flour tortillas
16
Pork Tenderloin
Sweet potato fries, green beans, sweet chipotle glaze
18
Turkey Burger 
Jack cheese, sweet Chile slaw, jalapeños, house fries
12
Scallop and Shrimp Fettuccine
Artichokes, grape tomatoes, collard greens, lemon wine sauce
19
Drink Specials
Orleans’ Old Fashion
Eagle Rare Bourbon, luxardo cherries, orange, soda water
9
Wine Special
Apothic Red Wine Makers Blend
8gl/30Btl

Belgian Style Beers
Ommegang Abbey Ale 
Dubbel Ale, Cooperstown, N.Y. 8.2% ABV 
8
La Fin Du Monde, 
Triple Golden Ale On Lees, Unibrouge 9% ABV 
8
Raging B-tch
Belgian Style IPA Frederick, MD 8.3% ABV
8, There's a storm rolling in again so make sure you bunker down and grab a dark and stormy at Orleans!, Ain't no thing but a chicken wing.
 
30 Cent wings tonight, http://paintnite.com/boston/events/2013/3

Join us on Thursdays starting in March, Trivia Jackpot $500!!!! Starts at 8pm.

Come on in and try our Belgian Beer and Mussels Specials

Appetizer
Fried Oysters
Spicy remoulade Sauce
10
Belgian Beer and Mussels

Garlic Wine Mussels and crab meat
House fries, roasted garlic aioli
12
Red Curry Mussels and chorizo 
House fries, chipotle aioli 
12
Tavern Mustard Mussels
House fries, honey mustard
12
Vegetable Mussels
Mixed
 vegetable marinara sauce , house fries, basil aioli
12

Belgian Style Beers
Ommegang Abbey Ale 
Dubbel Ale, Cooperstown, N.Y. 8.2% ABV 
8
La Fin Du Monde, 
Triple Golden Ale On Lees, Unibrouge 9% ABV 
8
Raging B-tch
Belgian Style IPA Frederick, MD 8.3% ABV
8, Happening now, Champions League Soccer at 2:45 today!, Come down to Orleans Saturday night for a chance to win a ski jacket from Bud Light! The promo starts at 9 pm, Stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 10pm......., Tonights Dinner Specials

APPETIZERS
Massachusetts Artisanal Cheese Board with Traditional Accompaniments
12
Oysters Rockefeller 
fresh cape oysters, spinach cream, parmesan
12
Mini Shrimp Ceviche Tacos 
10
Goat Cheese Stuffed Peppadew Peppers 
8 
ENTRÉES
Surf & Turf 
hanger steak, crab stuffed jumbo shrimp, seared leek & edamame rice pilaf 
25 
Seafood Fra Diavolo 
shrimp, mussels, lobster, calamari, scallops, spicy pomodoro sauce, fresh egg fettuccini
24 
Pecan Pork Tenderloin 
chipotle glazed apples, bourbon mashed sweet potatoes, grilled asparagus 
20
Herb Roasted Statler Chicken Breast 
zucchini and potato gratin, champagne au jus
20 
Drink Specials
Orleans’ Old Fashion

Eagle Rare Bourbon, luxardo cherries, orange, soda water
La Fin Du Monde 
Triple Golden Ale On Lees, Unibrouge 9% ABV 
8, Join Us Tonight

Valentine’s Day Specials 
APPETIZERS

Oysters Rockefeller 
fresh cape oysters, spinach cream, parmesan
12
Mini Shrimp Ceviche Tacos 
10
Goat Cheese Stuffed Peppadew Peppers 
8 

ENTRÉES

Lovers’ Surf & Turf 
hanger steak, crab stuffed jumbo shrimp, seared leek & edamame rice pilaf 
25 
Seafood Fra Diavolo 
shrimp, mussels, lobster, calamari, scallops, spicy pomodoro sauce, fresh egg fettuccini
24 
Pecan Pork Tenderloin 
chipotle glazed apples, bourbon mashed sweet potatoes, grilled asparagus 
20
Herb Roasted Statler Chicken Breast 
zucchini and potato gratin, champagne au jus
20 
DESSERT
Molten Chocolate Pot for Two  
pound cake, brownies, strawberries, and marshmallows
for dipping in warm chocolate ganache, We are still taking Reservations for tomorrow

Valentine’s Day Specials 
APPETIZERS

Oysters Rockefeller 
fresh cape oysters, spinach cream, parmesan
12
Mini Shrimp Ceviche Tacos 
10
Goat Cheese Stuffed Peppadew Peppers 
8 

ENTRÉES

Lovers’ Surf & Turf 
hanger steak, crab stuffed jumbo shrimp, seared leek & edamame rice pilaf 
25 
Seafood Fra Diavolo 
shrimp, mussels, lobster, calamari, scallops, spicy pomodoro sauce, fresh egg fettuccini
24 
Pecan Pork Tenderloin 
chipotle glazed apples, bourbon mashed sweet potatoes, grilled asparagus 
20
Herb Roasted Statler Chicken Breast 
zucchini and potato gratin, champagne au jus
20 
DESSERT
Molten Chocolate Pot for Two  
pound cake, brownies, strawberries, and marshmallows
for dipping in warm chocolate ganache, null, Trivia Jackpot $500!!!! Starts at 8pm.

Come on in and try our Belgian Beer and Mussels Specials

Garlic Wine Mussels
House fries, roasted garlic aioli
10
Red Curry Mussels
House fries, chipotle aioli 
10
Tavern Mustard Mussels
House fries, honey mustard
10

Belgian Style Beers
Ommegang Abbey Ale 
Dubbel Ale, Cooperstown, N.Y. 8.2% ABV 
8
La Fin Du Monde, 
Triple Golden Ale On Lees, Unibrouge 9% ABV 
8
Raging B-tch
Belgian Style IPA Frederick, MD 8.3% ABV
8, Happening now!, Tonights FAT TUESDAY Specials

Appetizer
Fried Green Tomatoes
With lump crab salad and Creole remoulade
12

Entrees
Chicken & Sausage Gumbo
Peppers, onions, celery and okra in a Low Country broth 
served with long grain rice and cornbread
16

Oyster Po’ Boy
Crispy fried wild oyster’s on a crusty baguette with lettuce, tomato and a Creole remoulade sauce. With French Fries and a side of Jalapeño aioli.
14 
                                                         
 Shrimp & Cheese Grits
Aston Mills creamy grits served with sautéed bacon greens and cornbread
18

Drink Special
Orleans’ Hurricane
$8, Watch it here today at 2:30, Come watch the Celts go for 8 straight wins at 7!, Valentine's Day at Orleans:  Treat that special person in your life to an evening of delicious food & cocktails at Orleans!

Thurs., Feb. 14. Call (617)591-2100 for reservations. Regular menu available in addition to specials.

Valentine's Day Specials
APPETIZERS
Oysters Rockefeller  12 - fresh cape oysters, spinach cream, parmesan

Mini Shrimp Ceviche Tacos  10

Goat Cheese Stuffed Peppadew Peppers  8 

ENTRÉES
Lovers Surf & Turf  25- hanger steak, crab stuffed jumbo shrimp, seared leek & edamame rice pilaf 

Seafood Fra Diavolo  24- shrimp, mussels, lobster, calamari, scallops, spicy pomodoro sauce, fresh egg fettuccini

Pecan Pork Tenderloin  20- chipotle glazed apples, bourbon mashed sweet potatoes, grilled asparagus 

Herb Roasted Statler Chicken Breast  20- zucchini and potato gratin, champagne au jus

DESSERT
Molten Chocolate Pot for Two  10- pound cake, brownies, strawberries, and marshmallows for dipping in warm chocolate ganache, We are open for brunch!!!!, We are open at 6pm. Get out of that house and back out into the world!!, In honor of "super snow storm blizzard snowpoccalypse end of the world good God somebody save me repent now the end is near storm" Nemo, Orleans will proudly be featuring Hurricanes and other disaster related drinks on the bar tonight!!! Just remember to "just keep swimming, just keep swimming"!, 30 Cent Wings tonight, Come in and get a taste of the Big Easy with a pint of Abita Purple Haze on tap! It'll be like your at Mardi Gras, Trivia Jackpot $500!!!! Starts at 8pm., Two Taco Tuesday
Fried Avocado Tacos
Spicy coleslaw, Remoulade sauce
In a soft flour tortilla
$5
Buffalo Chicken Tacos
Lettuce, Tomato, Blue Cheese Dressing
In a flour tortilla
$5

Blackened Shrimp Tacos
Sweet Slaw, chipotle aioli
In a Flour tortilla
$6
Texas Chili Tacos
American cheese and sour cream
In a crispy corn tortilla
$5
Pulled pork taco
Cheddar cheese and sour cream in a crispy corn tortilla
$5, New promotions at Orleans! http://conta.cc/WMtBMq, It's Pasta Monday!!

Tonight's starter: Deep Fried Brussel Sprouts with Marinara Sauce, Valentine’s Day Specials 

APPETIZERS

Oysters Rockefeller 
fresh cape oysters, spinach cream, parmesan
12
Mini Shrimp Ceviche Tacos 
10
Goat Cheese Stuffed Peppadew Peppers 
8 

ENTRÉES

Lovers’ Surf & Turf 
hanger steak, crab stuffed jumbo shrimp, seared leek & edamame rice pilaf 
25 
Seafood Fra Diavolo 
shrimp, mussels, lobster, calamari, scallops, spicy pomodoro sauce, fresh egg fettuccini
24 
Pecan Pork Tenderloin 
chipotle glazed apples, bourbon mashed sweet potatoes, grilled asparagus 
20
Herb Roasted Statler Chicken Breast 
zucchini and potato gratin, champagne au jus
20 
DESSERT
Molten Chocolate Pot for Two  
pound cake, brownies, strawberries, and marshmallows
for dipping in warm chocolate ganache, Don't wait until the last minute - make your Valentine's Day reservations today!, Picture this: 12 TVs, 20 draft beers, and all the game day grub you're craving. What's missing? YOU!!!, Come in and get a taste of the Big Easy with a pint of Abita Purple Haze on tap! It'll be like your at Mardi Gras and the Super Bowl!!!, Stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 10pm......., Come in and get a taste of the Big Easy with a pint of Abita Purple Haze on tap! It'll be like your at Mardi Gras and the Super Bowl!!!, “I love eating chicken with my bare hands. It makes me want to snarl at people, even more than usual.”
 
30 Cent Wings Tonight, Trivia Jackpot $500!!!! Starts at 8pm., Happening Now #cheeseboards, Pasta Monday doesn't have to mean carb overload!
Keep it light with tonight's Healthy Option:

Whole Wheat and Veggie Lasagna 
Stuffed with spinach, red pepper, onion, brussel sprouts, and our creamy cottage and parmasan cheese blend. Under 400 calories and sooo good!, Today's Specials

Beef and Vegetable Soup
Fried Avocado BLT*
Turkey Club*
NY Rueben*
Pork Tenderloin with mashed sweet potatoes, collard greens and BBQ chipotle glaze

*With fries, soup, or salad, Say "CHEESE!" and we'll bring you 3 delicious and local picks with complimentary accoutrements. 

Pair with a glass of wine? S'il vous plait!, Now serving brunch.

Celtics at 1!, Tonights Dinner Specials

Appetizer
Arancini
Prosciutto, fresh mozzarella, risotto, basil aioli
6

Entrees
Grilled Rib-Eye Steak
House fries, asparagus, black pepper demi glaze
22
Seafood Fettuccine
Scallops, shrimp, asparagus, collard greens,
Artichokes, tomatoes, lemon wine sauce
23
Grilled Pork Tenderloin
Green beans, sweet mashed potatoes, chipotle glaze
19
Orleans’ Healthy Option

Blackened Trout
Basmati rice, black beans, pineapple salsa
17, Happening Now!

Massachusetts Artisanal Cheese Board with Traditional Accompaniments
$12

Capri White Buck
Westfield Farm
Hubbardston, Ma
Goat Cheese
Produced in a bucheron French style
Flavorful aged rind with a slightly tangy
Outer pate with a creamy center. Depth and complexity of flavors continue to Develop with age

Berkshire Blue
Berkshire Cheese Makers
Great Barrington, Ma
Jersey Cow
Rich creamy cheese with straw colored pate and
deep blue veining piquant, yet pleasing classic blue flavor

Smiths Gouda
Smiths Country cheese
Winchendon, Ma
Holstein Cow
Gouda made in the finest of the Netherland's tradition, creamy in texture and mild milky flavor with small bubbly eyes, Bruins drop the puck vs the Islanders at 7 and the Celtics tip off against the Hawks at 7:30. SPORTS!!!!, Ain't no thing but a chicken wing.

30 Cent wings tonight, Trivia is Back Tonight with a $500 Jackpot., Taco  Tuesday
 Veggie tacos
 Avocado,  tomato, onion, cilantro  crispy corn tortilla
$5
Honey Hot Chicken Tacos
Lettuce, tomato, blue cheese, flour tortillas
 $5
Pulled Pork Tacos
Cheddar cheese, sour cream, crispy corn tortillas
$5
  Shrimp tacos
Crispy shrimp, spicy cabbage slaw, chipotle aioli,   flour tortillas
$6, LUNCH SPECIALS
Soup of the Day
French Onion
$4/6
Tuna Melt
Cucumber, bacon, Swiss Cheese, French baguette,
Choice of soup salad or fries 
$10

Turkey Club
Lettuce, tomato, bacon, mayonnaise 
On White Bread
Choice of Soup, Salad or Fries
$10

Veggie Burger Wrap 
Mushrooms, red peppers, fresh mozzarella, basil aioli
Choice of Soup, Salad or Fries
$10

Fried Buffalo Chicken Sandwich
Lettuce, tomato, onion, blue cheese
Choice of Soup, Salad or Fries
$10
Beer Specials
New Albion Ale 12oz Btl
Brewed by Sam Adams
7
Bantam Cider 22oz Btl
Cambridge Ma
9
Founders Breakfast Stout
8, NHL! NHL! NHL!, Happy Martin Luther King Jr. Day! We're serving lunch and a bit of brunch today!, What are you waiting for? We're already pre-gaming here at Orleans!, Stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 10pm......., Tonights Dinner Specials

Appetizer
Knockwurst Sliders
Sauerkraut, Swiss cheese, tavern mustard, house chips
7
Entrees
Potato Gnocchi
Asparagus, sweet peas, mozzarella, vodka sauce
17
Kona Rib-Eye Steak
Asparagus, mashed potatoes, Kona butter
23
Baked Stuffed Trout
Crab meat, leeks, sundried tomatoes, green beans, sweet pea risotto, lobster sauce
23
Thai Noodle Bowl
Shrimp, chicken, Asian vegetables, sweet and spicy broth
17
Orleans Healthy Option
Roast Chicken Breast
Summer Vegetables, brown rice, honey jerk sauce

Beer Specials
New Albion Ale 12oz Btl

Brewed by Sam Adams
7
Bantam Cider 22oz Btl
Cambridge Ma
9
Founders Breakfast Stout
8, So hockey is back and now we all must pretend the last four months never happened and everything is ok.  That sounds like a great relationship! SPORTS! Games start at 3 and the Bruins take on the Rangers at 7! SPORTS!!!!!, null, Its a frigid friday on the ice planet hoth so avoid the empire at Orleans with a hot toddy or an Irish coffee. May the force be with you., “I love eating chicken with my bare hands. It makes me want to snarl at people, even more than usual.”

30 Cent Wings Tonight, Trivia is Back Tonight with a $450 Jackpot. If you win your dinner could be free.

Tonights Dinner Specials

Soup Of The Day
Butternut Squash Bisque
  
Appetizer
Blackened Tilapia Tacos
Sweet chili slaw, chipotle aioli
6

Entrees
Potato Gnocchi
Asparagus, sweet peas, mozzarella, vodka sauce
17
Grilled Rib-Eye Steak
French fries, onion rings, asparagus, brandy-peppercorn sauce
23
Corned Beef Rueben
Sauerkraut, Swiss cheese, Russian dressing, marble rye
12
Orleans Healthy Option
Pan Seared Salmon
Basmati Rice, black beans, pineapple salsa, honey jerk sauce
18, New promotions at Orleans! http://conta.cc/W7r5ge, Its Taco Tuesday!

 Veggie tacos
Black beans, avocado salad, crispy corn tortilla
$5
Honey Hot Chicken Tacos Lettuce, tomato, blue cheese, flour tortillas
$5
Pulled Pork Tacos
Cheddar cheese, sour cream, crispy corn tortillas
Shrimp tacos
Crispy shrimp, spicy cabbage slaw, chipotle aioli,   flour tortillas
$6, Tonight's Healthy Option is a panko breaded cajun chicken breast with low-fat smashed garlic red bliss potatoes and sauteed spinach. 

Keep your resolution without going hungry :), Can you believe this weather?! We've got the windows open - how about a beer in the sun? This won't last long!, Pats vs Texans at 4:30!!!, Lycopene is known for fending off colds, so come get some preventative medicine in one of out deliciously spicy Bloody Marys!, Alcohol kills germs so the healthiest thing you can do to fight the flu is come to Orleans and have one of our signature cocktails or just a shot of whiskey.  If its on the internet it must be true!, Warm up with a hearty serving of our homemade Guinness Beef Stew with tender beef and vegetables in thick Guinness gravy with mashed potatoes., Save room for 30 cent wings tonight - spicy buffalo is just what you need to kick that cold!, Trivia is Back Tonight with a $400 Jackpot., Trivia is Back Tonight with a $400 Jackpot., Two Taco Tuesday

Fried Avocado Tacos
Spicy coleslaw, Remoulade sauce
In a soft corn tortilla
$5

Buffalo Chicken Tacos
Lettuce, Tomato, Blue Cheese Dressing
In a flour tortilla
$5

Blackened Duck Tacos
Sweet Slaw and chipotle aioli
In a Flour tortilla
$6

Texas Chili Tacos
American cheese and sour cream
In a crispy corn tortilla
$5
Beef Tacos
Lettuce, Pico de Gallo, and Chimichurri sauce
In a soft corn tortilla 
$6, $1 Oysters til 7, get 'em while you can!, It's lunch time!!
We're dressing up some old classics today:
            
            Avocado BLT on Wheat with Spicy Chipotle Aioli
            Bacon and Swiss Tuna Melt on Ciabatta
            Steak Tip and Jalepeno Quesadilla
            Classic Buffalo Chicken Wrap, Kick off your Sunday funday with a Bloody Mary and then stick around for the NFL playoffs., Stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 10pm......., Tonights Dinner Specials
  Appetizer
Blackened Salmon Sliders
Lemon aioli, house chips
10

Entrees
Turkey Burger
Pepper jack cheese, spicy slaw, jalapeños, house fries
12
Seafood Fettuccini
Scallops, lobster, mussels, shrimp, crab claw, 
red curry sauce
22
Pan Seared Chicken Kiev
Garlic butter, mashed potatoes, asparagus, brandy cream peppercorn sauce
18
Blackened Sirloin
Black beans, rice, pico de gallo
20
Orleans Healthy Option
Pan Seared Mahi Mahi
Aromatic vegetables, quinoa, honey jerk sauce
16
Beer Specials
Now Pouring Beer Flights
Longtrail Hibernator, Sam Adams Boston Ale, Sam Adams Winter Ale, The Shed Mountain Ale
$9 for four 4.5 oz. beers
Drink Special
Orleans Float
Jagermeister, root beer vodka, Pepsi
7, New Year new beer at Olreans. Come in and grab a pint of the Henry Weinhart Woodland Pass IPA on draft!, Tonights Dinner Specials
30 cent wings

  Appetizer
Blackened Salmon Sliders
Lemon aioli, house chips
10
Turkey Burger
Pepper jack cheese, spicy slaw, jalapeños, house fries
12

Entrees
Seafood Fettuccini
Scallops, lobster, mussels, shrimp, crab claw, 
red curry sauce
22
Pan Seared Chicken Kiev
Garlic butter, aromatic vegetables, quinoa, mushroom gravy
18
Kona Rubbed Sirloin
Served with mashed potatoes and asparagus
20

Orleans Healthy Option
Moroccan Winter Squash Stew
Served with curried quinoa
16

Beer Specials
Now Pouring Beer Flights
Longtrail Hibernator, Sam Adams Boston Ale, Sam Adams Winter Ale, The Shed Mountain Ale
$9 for four 4.5 oz. beers
Featured Scotch
Glenfiddich 12
12, Get your Rose Bowl on at Orleans., Now serving brunch :), It's not too late to make your reservation for tonight's New Years Eve party. Regular menu served in addition to Prix Fixe specials (3 courses for $39.95). Click on the event page for specials menu and more details. Call (617)591-2100 for reservations. 

And tomorrow come in for the Hangover Cure! Orleans New Years Day BRUNCH!, It's a busy day for football, and we've got it all - come watch with us!, Stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 10pm......., Sports!! College football bowl games starting at 2 pm! Catch the game and a beer at Orleans!, BELK BOWL and 30 cent wings., Tis the season for dark, malty, and flavor-packed brews, so come on down and warm up with one of our seasonal taps. Now featuring the Slumbrew Porter Square Porter, with notes of chocolate and coffee balanced by pale malts, oats, and wheat., Sunday funday is just getting started! Come catch the rest of the game with us!, Break from holiday shopping with a cocktail or a seasonal brew. Be merry :), Stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 10pm......., Stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 10pm......., null, New Years Eve Party & Happy Holidays from Orleans http://conta.cc/XQABF8, Last Team Trivia of 2012, let's send someone home with the Jackpot and start the New Year fresh!, The last taco Tuesday of 2012!  Come on down and enjoy our great specials with a cold beer!, If you're headed to the Slutcracker, stop in for pre-show cocktail. We've got lots of delicious drinks, like our Gingersnap Martini with whipped cream vodka, ginger liquer, lime juice and ginger beer., null, Showdown sunday in the NFL catch all the action at Orleans!, Stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 10pm......., Its Friday!  The weekend is finally here and what better way to kick things off than with Orleans bar snacks and a cold beer!  Try our featured draft Pretty Things Baby Tree!, Orleans' Team Trivia starts at 8pm with a cash prize of $300. Test your smarts while you try out our new fall menu - You're meal could be free!, It's Taco Tuesday, and tonight we've got Crispy Shrimp, Blackened Tilapia, and Fried Avocado on the menu, in addition to some of our regular favorites. Buen provecho!!, Congratulations to Allison Scuderi for winning our latest Tailgate Party Giveaway!!!  Please message us for more details and to schedule your party!, Go Pats!!, Holiday promotions at Orleans! http://conta.cc/X0wvtC, Give the gift of good food and drink without limiting friends and family to one location only; stop by for a Gift Card that can be used at Orleans, Barlow's, Devlin's, Porter Belly Pub, or the Warren Tavern. Happy Holiday Shopping!, Before you head over to Slutcracker, warm up with our holiday wine sampler of William Hill Chardonannay, William Hill Cabernet and La Marca Prosecco! Nothing like a few bubbles to toast a night out!, It's Sunday - day of rest. Rest your eyes on all of the games today. Find your NFL Sunday ticket here., Stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 10pm......., null, Come in and try our newest draft line, the Shed Mountain Ale from Vermont.  Orleans is also featuring the Belvenie Doublewood 12 year old scotch as our scotch of the week, Midnight Madness in Davis Square tonight - be sure to make time for a quick bite and a cocktail!, The sun is shining!! Kind of makes you want a refreshment..., Pats at 1pm, NFL Sunday Ticket, and all the makings of a delicious and restorative brunch!, null, Just in time for the Holiday season Orleans' is now featuring a holiday wine sampler with William Hill Chardonannay, William Hill Cabernet and La Marca Prosecco!, Orleans' Team Trivia starts at 8pm with a cash prize of $500. Test your smarts while you try out our new fall menu - You're meal could be free!, Come on down for Taco Tuesday

Two Taco Tuesday
Crispy Shrimp Tacos 
Sweet chili slaw and chipotle aioli
In a flour tortilla 
$6
Sweet Chipotle Chicken Tacos
With spicy cabbage
In flour tortillas
$5
Texas chili Tacos
American cheeses and sour cream
In a crispy corn tortilla
$5
Pulled Pork Tacos
Cheddar cheese and sour cream
In crispy corn tortillas

$5
Fried avocado Taco
Lettuce tomatoes and spicy remoulade aioli 
soft corn tortillas
$5, Its cold outside but its always warm in Orleans!  Try our newest draft beers the BBC Cabin Fever Ale and the Shed Mountain Ale!, Get toasty with a warm spinach and egg salad, and relax as we string the holiday lights. It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas here at Orleans :), Bacon, Beer, and Football. Gotta love Sundays :), Break from holiday shopping with a Seasonal Sangria or a Banana Bread Martini. We've got plenty of seasonal beers on draft, too,  if you've had your fill of holiday sweets!!, Tonights Dinner Specials, DJ starts at 10pm

Entrees
Salmon Burger
Lettuce, tomato, onion, lemon aioli, house fries
12
Grilled N.Y. Sirloin
House fries, onion rings, asparagus, brandy peppercorn sauce
22
Potato Gnocchi
Chicken, leeks, asparagus, brussel sprouts, garlic wine sauce
17

Orleans’ Healthy Option
Veggie Tacos
Black beans, avocado salsa
8

Drink Specials
Winter Margarita
Patron Citronage, brown sugar, agave nectar, sour mix and a ginger ale float
$7
Beer Specials

Gluten Free Daura Lager
6
Narragansett Cream Ale  
4
Now Pouring Beer Flights
Flights are $9 for four 4.5 oz. beers
BBC River Ale, Longtrail Hibernator, Wolavers Wildflower Wheat, 
Sam Adams Boston Ale, Two Taco Tuesday
Crispy Shrimp Tacos 
Sweet chili slaw and chipotle aioli
In a flour tortilla 
$6
Sweet Chipotle Chicken Tacos
With spicy cabbage
In flour tortillas
$5
Beef Tacos
Lettuce, pico de gallo and chimichuri sauce
In a soft corn tortilla
$5
Pulled Pork Tacos
Cheddar cheese and sour cream
In crispy corn tortillas

$5
Vegetable Taco
Black beans avocado salad 
Crispy corn tortillas
$5, great lunch specials like chef Jorge's open face lamb sandwich so come on down and enjoy the pre holiday fun times at Orleans!, Come on down and watch the concussion bowl - San Fran vs Chicago., Like our corporate page to keep current on new happenings throughout our restaurant group!! , Exciting Holiday Offers from Orleans Restaurant.

http://conta.cc/Qu4E7E, NFL Sunday Ticket and eggs any way you want 'em - Come on down!, Stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 10pm......., New promotions at Orleans! http://conta.cc/Qj6Or5, null, Its the Friday before Thanksgiving so get the week of fun started right with lunch at Orleans!  We have a special Turkey sandwich and cold beer just like home!, WZLX is in the house for Warren Miller's Flow State, now playing  at the Somerville Theatre. Raffling off skis and other cool prizes from 5:30-7pm., $500 Jackpot for tonight's Team Trivia at 8pm.
That oughta knock out a few Xmas gifts..., Glen Doherty Memorial Foundation Fundraiser! 

We are honored to be a part of this event. Please take a moment to read below 

"Glen Doherty was one of the four Americans killed in a terror attack in Benghazi, Libya on September 12, 2012. 

The Glen Doherty Memorial Foundation is our way to honor Glen’s life and his beliefs." ﻿- Glen Doherty Memorial Foundation www.glendohertyfoundation.org

 Join us at our sister restaurant Barlow's, 241 A St., South Boston on Saturday, Nov. 24th at 5:00pm. Complimentary food will be served and lots of fun will be had by all.

 The family and friends of Glen established this fantastic Foundation. They are asking your help! A suggested donation of $20 will be collected at the door. You can also use the link listed to make a donation on line and learn more about the Foundation
 
You can RSVP for the event at the link posted below
 
https://www.facebook.com/events/275318122571388/, Great lunch specials and cold drinks, the perfect combination!  Celtics at 730, trivia at 8 and dollar oysters 3-7!!!, Glen Doherty Memorial Foundation - Official Kick Off Event @ Barlow's Restaurant!  Check out our Facebook Event Page.  YOU CAN RSVP HERE!!!, College basketball tip off all day long at Orleans!  Watch it with $1 oysters from 3 to 7 and taco specials tonight!  Wash it down with our newest drafts, Sam Adams Winter, Newcastle Warewolf and Long Trail Hibernator!!!, null, We've got $1 oysters, bar snacks, and hearty pasta specials tonight, plus Kansas City Chiefs at Pittsburgh Steelers at 8:30 PM., Long weekend means more brunch :) Serving lunch and a bit of brunch til' 3pm. Huevos Rancheros, anyone?, Off tomorrow? Celebrate with one of our seasonal cocktails or a Winter ale. Thank you to all those who have served - Happy Veterans Day!, Get your Sunday brunch with a big side of FOOTBALL. We've got ALL the games., Stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 10pm......., Exciting Holiday Offers from Orleans Restaurant http://conta.cc/Qu4E7E, Friday funday at Orleans, $5 bar snacks and $1 oysters 3-7, Celtics vs Sixers at 7:30 and a DJ at 10!, Come on down for some great football specials


 $5 Each

Chili Cheese Dog Rippers

Double Bacon Cheese Burgers

Grilled Kielbasa

Buffalo Chicken Tacos

Grilled Sausage Peppers and Onions, Great lunch specials today at Orleans!  Enjoy them with one of our 22 different draft lines.  Orleans is now featuring Wormtown Be Hoppy IPA and Long Trail Hibernator Ale!, Orleans' Team Trivia starts at 8pm with a cash prize of $450. Test your smarts while you try out our new fall menu - You're meal could be free!, Come in, grab a beer, and watch the UEFA Champions League Soccer games!! 
Manchester City FC vs. AFC Ajax at 2:30
Real Madrid vs. Borussia Dortmund at 2:30

Tomorrow at 2:30pm come in and watch SC Braga vs. Manchester United, and Chelsea FC vs. FC Shakhtar Donetsk, Tonight: Monday Night Football and Pasta at Orleans.
Tomorrow: Come party with Mike all day Election Tuesday. Don't forget to vote!, Come try one of our seasonal lunch specials. Some of today's choices : Stuffed Pork Tenderloin and Sweet Butternut Squash and Arugula Salad. Come lunch with us :), Celtics home opener tonight at 7:30 vs the Bucks!  Catch the game and every NBA game at Orleans!, Put down the Halloween candy and save room for some protein-packed snacks. New Happy Hour Menu begins tonight from 3-7pm; Steak and Gorgonzola Sliders only $5. You can't live on sugar alone!, Halloween trivia tonight at Orleans!  Plus a DJ starting at 10 pm.  We have tons of prizes and give aways plus a Heineken draft promotion from 8 to 10pm!  Dress up and come on down!, Please join us, your favorite local restaurant, and the Taste of the NFL in the fight against hunger. Throughout this holiday season, our wines are proud to support hunger relief across the country and in your community with a significant donation to the Taste of the NFL. 

Since its inception in 1992, Taste of the NFL has donated over $11 million to hunger relief agencies across the nation, providing over 60 million meals. 

Millions of needs, thousands of families & dozens of new hunger projects have been positively affected by this major volunteer effort. 

We are proud to support the fight against hunger in your community., Orleans is now featuring Somerville's own Portico Brewing Company Saison Charrette on tap.  Its a delicous beer perfect for cool fall days., Beat the Heat!  Lets go Celtics!  Season opener tonight at 8 pm.  Catch all the action here at Orleans.  Ray who?, I ASSURE YOU WERE OPEN!  Come on down and ride out the storm at Orleanse.  Hurricane playlist, hurricane drinks and candle light!, http://youtu.be/_eyFiClAzq8
Its time to bunker down and make your piece with God because its 2012 and the Mayan's were right!  If we are going out, lets go out in style!  Hurricane drink specials all night long at Orlean's.  Lets rock it out because this is it people!  John 3:16!, Great first and second prizes tonight., null, null, Its Halloween weekend so stop in to Olreans and try our scary good caramel apple martini and candy corn martini!, Tonight we'll be serving up 30 cent wings for hungry World Series watchers and NFL fans. And in addition to all of our yummy bar snacks, we are featuring Shrimp and Swordfish Skewers with brown rice and veggies as our Healthy Option of the Day. Come down - we've got it all!!, Q: Where can you play trivia and win a cash grand prize while watching game 1 of the World Series?
A: Orleans!!!
Sports, HALLOWEEN PARTIES AT ORLEANS!  This Saturday night AND on the 31st.  #halloween #party #krazykaraoke #costumecontest http://instagr.am/p/RI5Ar3AXlR/, Come in and try our new Coconut Saki Ricky made with Ty Ku Coconut Saki!!, Wanna go out, but don't wanna break the calorie bank? Beginning tonight, Orleans is offering a special Healthy Option every night. Come see how many full-of-flavor veggies we can fit into your mean and still send you home light and satisfied :), Jets vs Patriots at 4:25. Game day food specials! Windows open. Game on mother truckers! SPORTS!!!!, null, Come in tonight and try our new low calorie passion mojito made with Ty Ku Citrus Liquor!  There will be a promotion for it from 7-9 so get your tails down here!, 30 cent wings tonight! Along withe our game day specials.
 $5 Each
 Chili Cheese Dog Rippers

 Double Bacon Cheese Burgers

 
Grilled Kielbasa


 Buffalo Chicken Taco

 Grilled Sausage Peppers and Onions, Orleans' Team Trivia starts at 8pm with a cash prize of $350. Test your smarts while you try out our new fall menu - You're meal could be free!, Shake off the chill in the air at Orleans today and enjoy a special north end pizza for lunch! Coming later today... BRAND NEW SEASONAL DRINK AND FOOD MENUS!! Be sure to check them out!, Outdoor Tailgate Party! #hotdogs #cheeseburgers #allyoucaneat #football #sundayfunday @OrleansDavisSq http://instagr.am/p/Qxk2lJgXgO/, Happening Now, null, null, http://youtu.be/sBfdl6hNZ9k
Another great night of baseball with two deciding game 5's!
The Yankees look to avoid elimination vs the Orioles at 5 and the Cardinals will try to keep their title defense alive against the Nationals at 8:30., Tonight extremely important questions will be asked that will greatly affect your income and daily life. And there is also a debate! The important questions and answers will be at Orleans trivia starting at 8 pm with a cash grand prize of $300!, http://youtu.be/7SB16il97yw
Playoff baseball all day today at Orleans starting at 1 pm with the Cardinals vs the Nationals.  Oh yes, the people will come Ray., null, Come in tonight and enjoy our newest draft beer, the Slumbrew Porter Sq Porter! It goes great with our $1 oysters and our Taco Tuesday specials!, Joinus us Tomorrow for our gameday specials starting at 1pm until the games are over.
 
$5 Each
 Chili Cheese Dog Rippers
 
Double Bacon Cheese Burgers

 

Grilled Kielbasa
 
Grilled Sausage Peppers and Onions
 
Buffalo Chicken Taco, Stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 10pm......., null, null, Tonights Dinner Specials

Butternut Squash Bisque
$5
Butternut Squash Ravioli
Mushrooms, sweet peas, shallots, maple cream sauce 
$16
Grilled Pork Loin
Fingerling potatoes, green beans, sweet chipotle glaze
$18
Kona Crusted  NY Sirloin
Mashed Potato, grilled asparagus, Kona Butter
$24
Jumbo Sea Scallops
Spinach risotto, watercress salad, bacon vinaigrette
$22

Beer Specials
Miller High life
$4
Wolaver”s Wild Flower Wheat
$5
Paulaner Oktoberfest Bottle
$6
Hofbrau Munchen
$6

Now Pouring Beer Flights
Flights are $9 for four 4.5 oz. beers
Sam Adams Oktoberfest, BBC Oktoberfest, Longtrail Harvest, Peak Organic Fall Summit

Dollar Oysters Monday Through Friday 3-7
Today’s Oysters are Cape May Salts, New Jersey
Half priced appetizers Sunday -Wednesday  10-11 Thursday-Saturday 10-12, SPORTS!!!!!!!!  What can be better than a beautiful fall day on the patio or by the windows?  How about two, TWO, baseball wild card games today!  Braves vs Cardinals at 5 and Rangers vs Orioles at 8:30. SPORTS!!!!!, New promotions at Orleans! http://conta.cc/Vmx7xl, 30 cent wings tonight! Along withe our game day specials.
 $5 Each
 Chili Cheese Dog Rippers
 
Double Bacon Cheese Burgers
 

Grilled Kielbasa
 
Buffalo Chicken Taco
 
Grilled Sausage Peppers and Onions, null, Tonight extremely important questions will be asked that will greatly affect your income and daily life.  And there is also a debate! The important questions and answers will be at Orleans trivia starting at 8 pm with a cash grand prize of $250!, ORLEANS 1st OUTDOOR TAILGATE PARTY! Sunday, October 14th, from 12pm-8pm
 #football #cheeseburgers #grilling #sundayfundays @OrleansDavisSq, Come on down tomorrow night from 7-9 for a Harpoon IPA promotion!  There will be samples plus other great free stuff from our friends at the Harpoon Brewery!, Its a warm fall day and the place to be is Orleans! Either on the patio or by the open windows its a great place to enjoy lunch and a cold beer!, Stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 10pm......., Starting Monday, null, Lets go USA! Ryder cup starts today so grab a beer and a sandwich and enjoy!, 30 cent wings tonight! Along withe our game day specials.
$5 Each
Chili Cheese Dog Rippers

Double Bacon Cheese Burgers

Grilled Kielbasa

Buffalo Chicken Taco

Grilled Sausage Peppers and Onions, Oktoberfest bar bites menu STARTS OCTOBER 1st!!
#oktoberfest #germanfood #beer @OrleansDavisSq http://instagr.am/p/QDR3jRAXgs/, Trivia tonight at Orleans! Game starts at 8:30 with a $400 cash grand prize! Plus half price appetizers from 10 to 11 you cant lose!, Its not raining yet so enjoy our patio for lunch while you still can!, null, null, null, null, Orleans is the place to watch monday night football!  $5 dollar game day specials all night and half price appetizers after 10!  Not even the replacement refs can screw that up!, Stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 10pm......., Tonight Last Day of Summer Dinner Specials


 
Seafood Chowder
Salmon, Mahi Mahi, Shrimp
$6
Salmon Sliders
Topped with Lemon Aioli 
served with house chips 
$10
Grilled Ribeye
Mashed potatoes, asparagus, blue cheese, white truffle oil 
$22
Pan Seared Mahi Mahi
Risotto, green beans, lemon caper sauce
$21
Butternut Squash Ravioli
Wild mushrooms, shallots, sweet peas, maple cream sauce
$17
Beer Specials
Wolaver”s Wild Flower Wheat
$5
Now Pouring Beer Flights
Flights are $9 for four 4.5 oz. beers
Sam Adams Oktoberfest, BBC Oktoberfest, Longtrail Harvest, Peak Organic Fall Summit
Cocktail  Specials
Pama Margarita
Don Julio Anejo, Pama Liqueur, lime juice, and a splash of sour
$9
Dollar Oysters Monday Through Friday 3-7
Today’s Oysters are Cape May Salts, New Jersey


Half priced appetizers every night 10-12, Come on down to Orleans tonight for a night of rocking out to the music of those long forgotten eras, the 80s and 90s!, null, 30 cent wings tonight!, Tonights Specials During the game
$5 Each
Chili Cheese Dog Rippers

Double Bacon Cheese Burgers

Grilled Kielbasa

Grilled Sausage Peppers and Onions

Buffalo Chicken Taco, New promotions at Orleans! http://conta.cc/SEFIFe, Trivia tonight at Orleans! Game starts at 8:30 with a $350 cash grand prize! Plus half price appetizers from 10 to 12 you cant lose!, Come in tonight and enjoy our newest draft beer, the Slumbrew Porter Sq Porter!  It goes great with our $1 oysters and our Taco Tuesday specials!, Joinus us Tomorrow for our gameday specials starting at 1pm until the games are over.

$5 Each
Chili Cheese Dog Rippers

Double Bacon Cheese Burgers


Grilled Kielbasa

Grilled Sausage Peppers and Onions

Buffalo Chicken Taco


Beer Specials
Wolaver”s Wild Flower Wheat
$5
Daura Lager 
(gluten free beer)
$5

Cocktail  Specials
Pama Margarita
Don Julio Anejo, Pama Liqueur, lime juice, and a splash of sour
$9


Dollar Oysters Monday Through Friday until 7pm
Today’s Oysters are from
Malpeque bay
Prince Edward Island, Tonights Dinner Specials


 Fried pickles
Chipotle aioli
$8
Baked Stuffed Haddock
Peppers, onion, crabmeat, sweet pea risotto
$19
Blackened  Ribeye
Basmati rice, black beans, pineapple salsa 
$22
Potato Gnocchi
With shallots, asparagus and sweet peas
In a vodka plum tomato sauce
$16
Chicken Picatta
Roasted potatoes, green beans, lemon capers sauce
$17

Beer Specials
Wolaver”s Wild Flower Wheat
$5
Daura Lager 
(gluten free beer)
$5
Cocktail  Specials
Pama Margarita
Don Julio Anejo, Pama Liqueur, lime juice, and a splash of sour
$9
Dollar Oysters Monday Through Friday until 7pm
Today’s Oysters are from
Malpeque bay
Prince Edward Island
Canada, Proof that anybody can sing, so stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 10pm......., null, Its a perfect day to sit on the patio and enjoy an ice cold cocktail!  Try one of chef Jorge's great lunch specials!, Congratulations to Laura Barahona, the winner of our 1st Tailgate Party giveaway of this season.  Please call (617) 591-2100 or message us back on Facebook to schedule your party.

To those who didn't win, we will be doing a few more of these giveaways so keep an eye out on our Facebook page for another shot to win!

Happy football season, everyone!, 30 cent wings tonight!, Butternut Squash Ravioli
Maple Butter Sauce
$7
Lobster Penne
Mushrooms, shallots, sweet peas, bacon
$20
Pan Seared Ribeye
House made fries, mixed green salad, black pepper demi glaze 
$22

Pan Seared Duck Breast
Roasted potato, asparagus, orange glaze
$18


Bottled Beer Specials
Daura Lager 
(gluten free beer)
$5
Cocktail  Specials
Pama Margarita
Don Julio Anejo, Pama Liqueur, lime juice, and a splash of sour
$9
Dollar Oysters Monday Through Friday until 7pm
Today’s Oysters are from
Malpeque bay
Prince Edward Island
Canada, null, null, Thursday night football tonight!  Bears vs Packers and 30 cent wings at Orleans! Dollar oysters from 3 to 7.  Life is good., Come on down and enjoy 1$ oysters until 7! Trivia starts at 8 pm with a $300 cash grand prize!, Two Taco Tuesday
Pulled Pork Tacos
With cheddar cheese and sour cream
In crispy corn tortilla
$6
Honey Hot Chicken Tacos
With lettuce and tomato
In flour tortillas
$5
Blackens duck tacos
With spicy slaw
In a flour tortilla

$5
Steak tacos
With lettuce, pico de gallo,
and chimichurri sauce
In soft corn tortillas
$5
Blackened Shrimp
With lettuce, tomato, and chipotle aioli
In flour tortillas
$6
Drink Specials
Pama Margarita
Don Julio Anejo, Pama Liqueur, lime juice, and a splash of sour
                  $9, Enjoy this great fall day outside on our patio or by the open windows and try our newest draft beer, Peak Orgainc's Fall Summit Ale!, CONGRATULATIONS to Tony M. for winning our Heineken Golf Package Giveaway!!  Keep an eye out on our Facebook page for more Giveaways and Contests!, Stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 10pm......., Hey fantasy fans! Come on down and watch your team on our 12 TV'S, null, Tonights dinner specials



Duck Sliders
Sriracha aioli 
$9
Grilled Chicken Breast
Israeli couscous, aromatic vegetables,  strawberry sauce 
$17
Pan Seared Ribeye
House made fries, mixed green salad, black pepper demi glaze 
$23
Jumbo Scallops
Sweet pea risotto, limoncello sauce
$22
Grilled Pork Loin
Roasted potatoes, brussel sprouts, chipotle glaze
$19
Bottled Beer Specials
Daura Lager 
(gluten free beer)
$5
Cocktail  Specials
Pama Margarita
Don Julio Anejo, Pama Liqueur, lime juice, and a splash of sour
$9

Dollar Oysters Monday Through Friday until 7pm
Today’s Oysters are from
Chicoteague
New Jersey, Join Orleans tonight for a Jose Cuervo tasting from 6-8 pm!, Olreans is now featuring Wolaver's Wildflower Wheat on draft for $5! Tell your friends its gonna go fast!, Tonight at 8:30, Tonights dinner specials



Fried Pickles
Chipotle  Aioli
$7
Butternut Squash Ravioli
Shallots, mushrooms, peas, maple cream sauce 
$16
Potato Gnocchi
Sautéed chicken and shrimp with asparagus, artichokes, collard greens, garlic white wine sauce
$17
Blackened Flank Steak
Basmati rice, Black beans, chimichurri sauce
$18
Pan Seared Salmon
Roasted potatoes, brussel sprouts, lemon a jus
$19
Bottled Beer Specials
Daura Lager 
(gluten free beer)
$5
Cocktail  Specials
Pama Margarita
Don Julio Anejo, Pama Liqueur, lime juice, and a splash of sour
$9

Dollar Oysters Monday Through Friday until 7pm
Today’s Oysters are from
Cape May Salts
New Jersey, Come on down and enjoy 1$ oysters until 7! Trivia starts at 8 pm with a $550 cash grand prize!, WIN A TAILGATE PARTY FOR YOU AND 20 FRIENDS! 
"Like" ANY of our Facebook posts from now until the giveaway date for a chance to win. 1st giveaway date of the season in Fri, Sept. 14th.

Prize: tailgate party for you and 20 friends includes appetizer buffet and cool Coors Light swag for the NFL game of your choice (we'll make sure it's on our large flat screen TVs)., Stop in tonight between 6 and 8 for a Heineken Draft promotion!, Come in to Orleans for our Labor Day Brunch specials starting at 11 am!, Come in for college football all day starting at 10 am with Notre Dame football live from Ireland!  Then finish up with Alabama vs Michigan tonight all while enjoying a nice cold Harpoon UFO Pumpkin beer!, Tonight at 10 pm, Come  in and try some of our new fall dinner menu items!





Orleans Clam Chowder
Cup 4 and bowl 6  

Asian Duck Tacos
Chinese spiced seared duck tenders, sweet chili slaw, soy ginger glaze accompanied by a crispy Thai peanut salad
$9

Crispy chipotle pork shanks
Cheese and scallion grits, collard greens 
$19
Baked Lobster Mac and Cheese
Penne pasta in a rich cheese sauce, fresh lobster meat, side of asparagus
$20
Grilled Hanger Steak
Basmati rice, black beans, chimichurri sauce
$18


Bottled Beer Specials
Daura Lager 
(gluten free beer)
$5
Cocktail  Specials
Smore martini
Three olives s’more vodka, graham cracker rim, marshmallows
$8

Dollar Oysters Monday Through Friday until 7pm
Today’s Oysters are from
Cape May Salts
New Jersey, Just in time for the labor day camp fires, Orleans is featuring the delicious smore martini.  Made with 3 Olives Smore vodka and a graham cracker rim this rich martini is even topped with a marshmallow!, null, Oysters $1 until 7pm
 30cent wings all night, WIN A TAILGATE PARTY FOR YOU AND 20 FRIENDS! 
"Like" ANY of our Facebook posts from now until the giveaway date for a chance to win. 1st giveaway date of the season in Fri, Sept. 14th.

Prize: tailgate party for you and 20 friends includes appetizer buffet and cool Coors Light swag for the NFL game of your choice (we'll make sure it's on our large flat screen TVs)., Come on down and enjoy 1$ oysters until 7! Trivia starts at 8 pm with a $500 cash grand prize!, Full coverage of the US Open at Orleans for the next two weeks!, Its Pasta Mondays at Orleans tonight so pop in and try one of our delicious specials this!, Come on in this beautiful Sunday and watch the Paw Soxs, i mean the Red Sox, take on the Kansas City Royals!  Mike Cotter is on the bar and baseball is on the TVs. Everything is right with the world!, Stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 10pm......., Orleans Clam Chowder
Cup 4 and bowl 6  

Grill filet mignon

Baked Potato, grilled asparagus, white truffle demi glase
$23

  Pork Tenderloin
 Bacon scallion potato cake, sautéed brussel sprouts, red wine reduction
$18

Frutti Di Mare
Calamari, lobster, and mussels in spicy marinara served with linguine 
$22
Butternut Squash Ravioli
Shitake mushrooms, shallots, sweet peas, maple cream sauce 
$16
Bottled Beer Specials
Daura Lager 
(gluten free beer)
$5
Cocktail  Specials
Tropical Martini
Colada vodka, pineapple juice, lemon juice, cream, splash of cranberry
$9

Dollar Oysters Monday Through Friday until 7pm
Today’s Oysters are from
Cape may salts
New Jersey, Orleans Clam Chowder
Cup 4 and bowl 6  

Grill filet mignon

Baked Potato, grilled asparagus, white truffle demi glase
$23

  Pork Tenderloin
 Bacon scallion potato cake, sautéed brussel sprouts, red wine reduction
$18

Frutti Di Mare
Calamari, lobster, and mussels in spicy marinara served with linguine 
$22
Butternut Squash Ravioli
Shitake mushrooms, shallots, sweet peas, maple cream sauce 
$16
Bottled Beer Specials
Daura Lager 
(gluten free beer)
$5
Cocktail  Specials
Tropical Martini
Colada vodka, pineapple juice, lemon juice, cream, splash of cranberry
$9

Dollar Oysters Monday Through Friday until 7pm
Today’s Oysters are from
Cape may salts
New Jersey, Patio is open and chef Jorge has come up with some great lunch specials so come on down to Orleans!, Its a beautiful day at Orleans and we have the patio and windows open! Come on in and enjoy one of our great signature cocktails and take in the last week of August in style!, Its been a long offseason with plenty of drama but today it is over and the season begins!  Thats right its the English Premier League and it starts today at 10 am, full coverage at Orleans!, Come in tomorrow night from 7-8 pm for a very special promotion from Budweiser.  You will have the opportunity to taste test 6 different small batch beers from different parts of the country and then vote on your favorite to determine the best micro brew in the country!, Come on in for our delicious Taco Tuesday specials and enjoy a refreshing POMegranate Margarita! (thanks Lucy), Hide out from the rain tonight at Orleans and have our newest cocktail special, a watermelon martini! Made with real watermelon puree it will make all your troubles wash away, The USA men's basketball team take on Argentina at 3:30 this afternoon. Come in and watch it and try one of our 22 beers on draft!, New promotions at Orleans! http://conta.cc/NgPU8G, Watch the US women's soccer team go for the gold and some revenge against Japan today at 2 pm!, Come on in and try our newest beer on draft, the Boulevard Double Wide IPA!, Come on down and enjoy 1$ oysters until 7! Trivia starts at 8 pm with a $400 cash grand prize!, Come on in for Taco Tuesday and try our Sour Apple Margarita special featuring Herradura tequila!, Its Tuesday night at Orleans which can only mean one thing.. TACO TUESDAY! Come on down and try one of Chef Jorges' delicious taco specials!, Excape the endless heat today by hiding in our cool AC!  Enjoy a delicious lunch and a cold beer by the windows and watch the less fortionate walk by in the sweltering heat!, Its 30 cent wing Thursday at Orleans!  Come on down and order up 10 delicous buffalo wings and enjoy it with an ice cold pint of our newest draft beer, Fisherman's Brew!  Fisherman's Brew is an American Amber Lager from Cape an Brewing Company in Gloucester, MA., Its Pasta night, house salad and delicious bowl of pasta only $14.95...
Wash it down with tonights Yummy cocktail special mixed by Gina Bustamante. 

What a Pear
Grey goose poire, st germain, soda, lemonade
$8, Perfect day for lunch on the Patio...., Catch all the Olympic Opening Ceremony at Orleans on one of our 12 HD TV's,, Orleans is now featuring Estrella Damm Daura, a delicious Gluten-Free beer!, Brighten up this dreary day with some lunch at Orleans
Lunch Specials

Blackened Salmon Burger
Topped with Guacamole and Pico de Gallo
$12

Turkey Sandwich
Bacon, Avocado and Cheddar Cheese
On a Sweet Portuguese Roll
$10

Steak and Spinach Wrap
With Cucumber, Onion, Tomato, Feta Cheese and Ranch Dressing
In a Flour Tortilla
$10

Open Face Tuna Melt
Cucumber, Bacon and Swiss Cheese
$10, Come on down and enjoy 1$ oysters until 7! Trivia starts at 8 pm with a $300 cash grand prize!, Its Taco Tuesday.... 



Steak   tacos
With lettuce, pico de gallo ,and chimichuri sauce

 Honey hot Chicken Tacos
With Lettuce  and Tomato
 
                                                                
Pulled pork tacos
With Cheddar cheese & sour cream
                                                               
Vegetable   tacos
With broccoli, zucchini, summer squash and white beans
                                                              
 crispy shrimp tacos
 Spicy Slaw, chimichuri, chipotle aoili, Monday blues???? Stop by Orleans for a delicious bowl of Pasta and salad for $14.95... Patio is open, or sit and enjoy the AC., Sunday Funday.....Patio, Brunch, Drinks, Davis Flea....Patio, Drinks..Perfect Afternoon, Its Friday at last, weather is perfect for dinner and drinks on the patio!!!, Catch the end of the second round of the Open Championship with a nice cold guinness and see if Tiger can continue his strong play!, Post a picture of yourself drinking a pint of Sam Adams Summer or Lager at Orleans from now until Friday at 10pm and you will be ENTERED TO WIN RED SOX TICKETS. The game is this Sunday at 1:35pm. Good luck!, Today is the day to sit at Orleans and watch sports by the open windows....
We have  8 MLB Games
British Open Championship
USA Mens Basketball 2pm, Its Taco Tuesday, stop by CHILL OUT, enjoy one of our margarita specials

Blood orange Margarita
Zapopan 100 % Agave tequila, solerno blood orange liquor, Fresh Lemon and Lime Juices and a Splash of OJ


Pama Margarita
Zapopan 100% agave Tequila, Pama liquor, fresh lemon and lime juices, Enter to win tix to Sunday's Red Sox game by posting a pic of yourself drinking a Sam Summer or Lager on our Facebook page (by Fri 10pm), Post a picture of yourself drinking a pint of Sam Adams Summer or Lager at Orleans from now until Friday at 10pm and you will be ENTERED TO WIN RED SOX TICKETS.  The game is this Sunday at 1:35pm.  Good luck!, Lets take a moment to reflect on a great man.  110 years ago today Willis Carrier, an American hero, invented the air conditioner.  In his honor we will have the AC blasting today.  Please come in and show your respects!, Its Monday so it's Pasta Night....
Try one of our 4 delicious pasta specials for $14.95 with a house salad.

Turkey Meatballs
Over Linguine with house tomato sauce

Potato Gnocchi
Shallots, broccoli, sweet peas, mozzarella
Pink Tomato Sauce

Sautéed Chicken 
Broccoli, cherry tomatoes
Garlic white wine sauce, over penne pasta

Steak Fettuccine
Zucchini, summer squash, shallots
Alfredo Sauce, Wanna sit outside in the shade, with a nice breeze, and sip on a good cocktail...Orleans Patio...., Get the weekend started right with a Magners Pear or any of our delicious drink specials at Orleans!, Thirsty Thursday....We have longtrail promo from 7-9pm, 30 cents wings all night, $1 Oysters 3-7pm, Come on down to Orleans tomorrow night for a chance to win great prizes  from Long trail  between 7 and 9! http://t.co/HAD9bfmG, Come on down and show your mom that you didnt waste all that time in front of the tv as a kid tonight! Trivia starts at 8 pm with a $400 cash grand prize!, Come on down to Orleans tonight for a chance to win two, TWO Red Sox tickets from Harpoon between 7 and 9!, If you lived here you would have a drink by now!  Patio is open on this beautiful day so come down and enjoy one of our delicious drink specials, It's TACO TUESDAY again!!  Wash down our tasty taco specials with our delicious Skinny Margarita special...yum!, Stop by Orleans tomorrow night for Trivia. Harpoon will be there giving away Red Sox tickets. Trivia starts at 8pm, Harpoon promo 7-9pm, New promotions at Orleans! http://conta.cc/NgJXrm, Another perfect day for the Patio, or sit by the open windows, watch Davis Sq go by, while sipping on a glass of our delicious red or white sangria and nibbling on some of our lunch specials..., Perfect day for lunch on the Patio.........

Sirloin Sandwich
With Avocado, Tomatoes, Lettuce, Chimi Churri and
Chipotle Aioli, 

Turkey and Ham Sandwich
With Tomatoes, Swiss Cheese, Bacon and Honey Mustard,

Chicken Picatta
Servede with Red Bliss Potatoes, Green Beans and
A Caper lemon White Wine Sauce

Grilled Romaine Salad
With Grilled Chicken, Black Beans, Bacon, Scallions,
Jack Cheese and Ranch Dressing, Stop by and sing your heart out with the on demand DJs. Karaoke starts at 10pm......., Bring it on! Lets go Sox tonight at 7! Catch all the action at Orleans!, Thirsty Thursday...$1 Oyster 3-7pm, 30cent wings...patio...sunshine...cure for the July 4th celebrations!!, Orleans wants to wish all our customers and friends a happy 4th of July, be safe and have fun, Catch all the Euro final action at Orleans, 2.45 kick off, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pBDVarvFqYI, Orleans is now featuring Pioneer Brewing Company's Doubel Vienna Lager.  First in the series. Brewed with 2 row malted barley, munich dark malt, vienna malt, and wheat malt. Hopped with northern brewer, hallertauer, and tettnanger hops. All malt and hops are grown, produced and harvested in the United States. A true American beer., $1 Oysters 3-7pm...30 cent wings....Patio....Cold Beer.....Fun cocktails..Thirsty Thursday at Orleans, Tonights trivia jackpot is $350. Get here early and enjoy 1$ Oysters until 7pm, Beautiful day to sit in the Patio and enjoy lunch, cold beer.....

Tuna Salad Melt
$10

Pulled Pork Sandwich
$10

Haddock Po’ Boy
$12

Potato Gnocchi
$12

Magners Pear Cider
Duvel Belgium Beer
Diesel 6 point ale 
Guinness Black Lager, Lunch Specials

Sirloin Sandwich
Avocado, Tomatoes, Lettuce, Chimichuri sauce,Chipotle Aioli
$12

Blackened Chicken Chimichanga
Served with Rice and Garlic Broccoli.
$12

Carolina Pulled Pork Sandwich
Roasted Red Peppers, Onions, Swiss Cheese 
And Onion Rings. 
$12

Veggie Quesadilla
Mushrooms, Onions, Peppers, Artichokes,
Black Beans, Scallions, Spinach and Jack cheese
$12, Rain Rain go away, people want to go out to play......Stay dry at Orleans, great lunch specials, great beer, great cocktails, Patio, Sunshine, Brunch, Sports, Cocktails, Cold Beer... Happy SUNday, Its a beautiful day, stop by Orleans for some brunch, check out the "Davis Flea" accross the street, return to Orleans and watch The English take on the Italians in the Euro quaterfinals at 2.45pm, Karaoke tonight 10pm, its fun and its free. Prime Rib on special tonight., The quarterfinals continue this afternoon for the Euro Cup as Germany and Greece face off at 2:30!  Catch all the exciting action at Orleans, Congratulations to our dear friends David and Michelle DiMuzio on the birth of their little girl Sophia at 11:27pm last night.  Mom,  Dad and daughter are doing great!!!, Cool off on this blistering day with a nice cold bowl of Gazpacho soup at Orleans!  Plus Euro quarterfinal action today with the Chech Republic vs Portugal at 2:30!, Tonights trivia jackpot is $300. Get here early and enjoy 1$ Oysters until 7pm, Ron Burgundy was right milk was a bad choice.  On a blazing hot day a great choice is the Blueberry Chocolate Chip Cookie Sandwich at Orleans!  Enjoy it with the comfort of good old fashioned air conditioning!, Come try our tasty Drink of the Day, the "Red Mojito."  It's Malibu Red rum, coconut liqueur, tequila, mint, lime, soda water, splash of pineapple.... a perfect pairing for our taco Tuesday specials!, Taco Tuesday at Orleans, come on by, watch some sports, drink some fun cocktails, and eat yummy tacos...., Catch the Euro 2012 action today @ 2.45pm, 2 games at the same time thank god we have more than 2 TVs.....
Sweden Vs France 
England Vs Ukraine, It's Monday, It's beautiful and it's pasta night at Orleans, all pasta specials $14.95 with salad., Patio, Sunshine, Brunch, Sports, Cocktails, Cold Beer....Happy Fathers Day, Happy Fathers Day to all the great Dad's out there. 
Stop by Orleans for a cold beer, follow the us open, watch a little MLB, catch the Euros @ 2.45pm...., Karaoke tonight 10pm, its fun and its free, The Patio is open, $1 Oysters until 7pm, bacardi black razz will be here 7-9, DJ at 10pm...Its all happening at Orleans http://t.co/VUMxNZL6, Its Friday, come celebrate the weekend with Bacardi Black Razz from 7-9pm, SPORTS!  Full afternoon of sports action today with the Euro Cup at noon and 2:30, full US Open coverage starting at noon and the Sox visit Wrigly at 2!  Good thing Orleans has so many TVs, we are gonna need them!, Thirsty Thursday.....with Sam Adams from 7-9pm, Mr Cotter is on the bar today...we've got
Italy Vs Croatia 12pm
IRELAND Vs Spain 2.45pm(C'mon Ireland)
US Open golf Championship
Lots of MLB afternoon action
and Thats just this afternoon

Later we got
30 cent wings from 3pm -
$1 Oysters from 3-7pm
Sam Adams Promo from 7-9pm
Heat Vs Thunder 9pm, Tonights trivia jackpot is $600. Get here early and enjoy 1$ Oysters until 7pm, Exciting European football today!  It might not be the Patriots but its the closest you can get in June!  Denmark vs Portugal at noon, and The Netherlands vs Germany at 2:45, Denmark v Portugal @ noon, Netherlands v Deutschland @ 2:45. Perfect matchup for a Heineken!, Orleans is now featuring Somervilles finest (not Mike Cotter)
Slumbrew Flagship IPA, All the Euro action at Orleans
Greece Vs Czech Rep 12pm
Poland Vs Russia 2.45pm
...all the games, all the time... http://t.co/qoFzPA1F, Stop by for some lunch, catch the France/England game, or enjoy the Patio...your choice, Brunch, Cocktails, The Davis Flea, Celtics.....end the weekend right...Orleans, Come on you boys in Green, Catch Ireland's first game of the UEFA Euros today at 2.45...., Game 7 tonight at 8:30., New promotions at Orleans! http://conta.cc/MoZohb, Come on down and catch all the UEFA Euro Cup 2012 action starting today and grab a Heineken draft for only $5!, Game 6 @ 8.30pm, 12 TV's, Sound, 30cent wings, $1 Oysters until 7pm, It's Thursday, that means its 30cent wing night, it also means we have $1 Oyster until 7pm, and it also means we have Celtics game 6 @ 8.30pm...
The game will be on all 12 TVs with sound....I know where I am goin.., Tonights trivia jackpot is $550. Get here early and enjoy 1$ Oysters until 7pm, Congratulations to Mathew Mahoney and Christopher Tam for each predicting the final score of last nights Celtics game within two points!  They each win 2 tickets to Dave Mathews Wednesday night at the Comcast center from Heineken!, Don't forget to predict the score in the celtics/heat game tonight, you could win 4 tickets to see Dave Matthews tomorrow night at the comcast centre..., Predict the score of the celtics/heat tomorrow, post it on our Facebook, u could win 4 tixs to see Dave Matthews Wednesday @ Comcast centre, Predict the score in the Celtics/Heat game tomorrow night and you could win 4 tickets to see Dave Matthews, at the comcast centre Wednesday night........., Perfect day for a barstool and $1 oysters! Enuf said!!, Brunch, Cocktails, The Davis Flea, Celtics.....end the weekend right...Orleans, Stop in for some Brunch before you hit the Davis Flea, Karaoke tonight 10pm, its fun and its free, Rain rain go away..... Brunch and delicious Brunch cocktails served by Mike Cotter until 3pm..., Celtics game 3, 8.30pm, 12 TV's, With Sound....LETS GO CELTICS http://t.co/xe3cJBbA, Get the last of the Patio weather for the weekend, enjoy our dinner specials....

Grilled Rib-eye Steak
Hand cut fries, onion rings, black pepper demi glace
$22
Tilapia Picatta
Sliced red bliss potatoes, green beans, 
lemon caper white wine sauce
$18
Coconut Chicken Masala
Basmati rice, naan bread
$16
Meatball Pizza
Marinara, Mozzarella, Parmesan
$12, Thirsty Thursdays....$1 Oysters from 3-7pm, 30c wings from 3 until supplies last http://t.co/aadfAU2t, Let's go Celtics, let's go Celtics, Tonights trivia jackpot is $500.  Celtics Game2 8:30pm, Come meet Rob Widmer, founder of Widmer Brothers Brewing, May 30, 6pm. We will be featuring Widmer Citra Blonde Summer http://t.co/KBgwFekX, Join us Tomorrow May 30th, with Rob Widmer, founder of Widmer Brothers Brewing @6pm, we will have the Widmer Citra Blonde Summer Brew on tap., What a beautiful day, don't spend it cooking, Relax enjoy the end of the weekend, we'll cook for you, we'll serve you great drinks and you can but your energy into cheering for the Celtics
GAME 1 : 8.30pm, AHHHHH the weekend at last! Spend it at Orleans, the patio and the windows are open, beer is flowing, dj will be spinning, steaks are grilling......, Come in on this great holiday weekend and try our newest beer on draft the Seadog Wild Blueberry Wheat Ale from Maine!, Beautiful day to sit on the Patio, eat lunch, sip a nice chilled Rose, make it a real long weekend......., Tonights trivia jackpot is $450. Get here early and enjoy 1$ Oysters until 7pm. Celtics Game 6 8pm, Pasta, Pasta, Pasta
All pasta specials $14.95 with a house salad

Celtics, Celtics, Celtics
7pm with the sound....., UEFA cup final 2pm, heineken promo 3-5pm, Patio and sunshine all day, LETS GO CELTICS, LETS GO CELTICS, Join us tomorrow for the UEFA cup final with Heineken. Match starts at 2pm, heineken promotion from 3-5pm... 
Don't like soccer come down and hang out on the Patio, The patio is open! Come on down and enjoy a resfreshing drink and some tasty food!, Its Patio season for the second time this Year!!!
We have $1 Oysters from 3-7pm
We have 30c wings from 3 until supplies last
Tonights drink special is a Wolfberry Mojito..., Big game tonight Celtics vs 76ers at 7 pm! Trivia starts at 8:30 its all happening at Orleas Tonight!, Congratulations to Pat Silva and Judy Ducey, our mothers day raffle winners, of a Aveda Facial and a Color, Cut, Blowdry at Salon Femia, Davis Square, Somerville, Taco Tuesday at Orleans

*Chili Steak Tacos
*Buffalo chicken Tacos
*Crispy Shrimp Tacos
*Vegetable Tacos
*Pulled Pork Tacos, Monday Blues.....Pasta night @ Orleans, $14.95, big bowl of pasta and a house salad.
Celtics Vs 76ers @ 7pm, 12 TVs with the sound on at the bar
LETS GO CELTICS, Happy Mothers day, stop by Orleans for Brunch, a strawberry mimosa, and enter to win an Aveeda Facial from Salon Femia....., Don't forget this Sunday is Mother's Day!  (617) 591-2100 for reservations.  Enjoy the beautiful weekend everyone!, What better way to start a beautiful weekend than lunch outside in the sun!  The windows and patio are open!, What to do, what to do.......
Go to Orleans have some $1 Oysters until 7pm, relax have a nice beer, maybe a cocktail of the new list, ohh and some 30c wings, while I am watching the Celtics on one of their 12 TVs with the sound on....Enough said, Tonights trivia jackpot is $350. Get here early and enjoy 1$ Oysters until 7pm, Celtics vs Hawks at 8pm! SPORTS!, Mother's day is this Sunday!  Call (617) 591-2100 to make your reservations.  Click on the link below to view our Mother's day specials., Its time for Tacos......, Pasta Night at Orleans, all pasta specials $14.95 with a house salad

Scallop Fettuccini
Asparagus, Sun-dried tomatoes, spinach
Lemon white wine sauce.....Yummy, Celtics vs Hawks at 7:30! SPORTS!, Cure your Cinco De Mayo Hangover with some brunch, one of Mike's killer bloody marys... Then chill and watch some sports..Easy like a Sunday morning, "The police often question him just because they find him interesting. His beard alone has experienced more than a lesser man's entire body. His blood smells like cologne." Most Interesting Man in the World: "I don't always drink beer, but when I do, I prefer Dos Equis. Stay thirsty, my friends." 

Join us tonight for Cinco De Mayo and Dos Equis! A bucket of 5 beers for Just 18$, DJ 10pm, no cover, 
Celtics Vs Hawks, Game 3, 7.30pm, Come on in and try our featured cocktail for the weekend!  Just in time for the Kentucky Derby try the Arnold Palmer Sr.  This delicious and refreshing drink features Deep Eddy Sweet Tea Vodka, Lemonade and a fresh lemon, We have a new cocktail list......Yummy, Come join us from 3-7 for 1$ Oysters and Tonights trivia jackpot is $300., Rain, rain, go away;
Come again another day;
Little Johnny wants to go to Orleans to watch the Celtics, Mother's Day specials at Orleans! http://conta.cc/KCULQJ, Stop by watch Man City V Man Utd, with sound and great beer.
Game time 3pm, Finish the weekend with Brunch at Orleans...
Try our Garden Mary: Pico de Gallo infused vodka, tomato juice, tabasco, fresh lemon, salt and pepper......., Karaoke tonight 10pm, its fun and its free, Come in today to Orleans between 3 and 7 and enjoy our $1 oyster special!  Todays oysters are from Crotton Creek., We now have Wolavers Wild Flower Wheat and Paulaner on Draft. Stop by grab a beer and some 30cent wings, Bruns playoffs 7:30, Come on in and try our new featured beer at Orleans!  The Innis and Gunn Oak Aged Beer is made in Scotland and aged in bourbon oak casks for a rich and unique flavor., We've got Lobster Risotto tonight, Watch the Red Sox take on the Yankees today at Orleans!!  We have plenty of large screen TVs, cold beer, and good food!, Celebrate the 100th anniversary of the opening of Fenway Park today at 3 pm at Orleans with a cold beer!, Bruins playoffs 7.30pm, 30c wings, lets hope its a win win!, Sun is Shining and the weather is hot...... Patio, Cold Beer...The good life, Monday Blues??? Stop by Orleans hang out on the patio, sun is shining, beer is cold, food is good, Come watch the Bruins play and enjoy 30c wings.
Also we have a wine tasting from 5.30-7.30, New promotions at Orleans! http://conta.cc/IncoUN, Tonights trivia jackpot is $600. Get here early and enjoy 1$ Oysters until 7pm, Day Baseball at Oleans as the Sox take on the Blue Jays at 12 and Johan Santana and the Mets take on Stephen Strasburg and the Nationals at 1! All the action all season long here at Orleans!, It's a beautiful day for Lunch at Orleans, or some $1 Oysters from 3-7pm, There is only one word to describe whats goin on at Orleans
"BASEBALL"
YES, it is the most wonderful time of the year..........., Call today to make your reservations for Easter Sunday! (617)591-2100. Tasty specials served all day long in addition to our regular brunch and dinner menus., Even if your bracket was busted in the first weekend come on down to Orleans and see the final march madness game of the year as Kansas looks to knock off Kentucky tonight!, Be a star at kareoke tonight at Orleans!  The stage lights go up at 10 pm dont miss it!, Come on in to Orleans and get a cold pint of The BBC Steel Rail Pale Ale now on draft at Orleans!, It's the weekend , start off on the right note with a dewars tasting from 8-10pm and DJ from 10-2am..., Tonights trivia jackpot is $500. Get here early and enjoy 1$ Oysters until 7pm, It actually happened! A Sam Seasonal has arrived around the same time as appropriate weather.  One week after 80 degree days and we now have Sam Summer Ale!, Taco tuesday and Bruins vs Lightening on all of our HD TV's with sound at 7:00pm

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XYHgICYxqXc, Serving brunch until 3pm..., Karoke tonight 9pm, Could be the last night on the Patio for a week or so......., Could be the last warm day for a while...come sit on our patio today and ENJOY IT! Try our delicious original Sangria. Yum!, Tonights trivia jackpot is $450. Get here early and enjoy 1$ Oysters until 7pm, null, PATIO, PATIO, PATIO IS OPEN......
Hot sun, cold beer outside, lick your wounds from St Paddy's weekend, eat some tacos..., http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eteWVqVPcTQ&feature=player_detailpage, Kickoff your St. Paddy's Day celebrations tonight at Orleans....
20 beers on draft, great food & drink specials.
Tomorrow we'll have Irish food specials, Irish music, giveaways, and plenty of fun ALL DAY LONG!!! Don't miss out!, MARCH MADNESS, $1 OYSTERS, 30c WINGS, JACK DANIELS HONEY PROMO 8-9pm......AHHHHH I CAN'T TAKE IT, Tonights trivia jackpot is $400. Get here early and enjoy 1$ Oysters until 7pm, I'd love to sit on a Patio, have some good Taco's, drink a Blood Orange Margarita.........I can, I'm off to Orleans, New promotions at Orleans! http://conta.cc/yeXV0c, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UOoHTcuORcY, Monday Blues??? Stop by Orleans hang out on the patio, sun is shining, beer is cold, food is good, null, Start the weekend proper, with a Dewars tasting 8-10pm, Jack Daniels Honey promo 8-9pm
Oysters $1 until 7pm
 30cent wings all night, PATIO IS OPEN!!!, Tonights trivia jackpot is $350. Get here early and enjoy 1$ Oysters until 7pm, Let the games begin!  The best five days of basketball all year begins as the Big East Tournament tips off at noon today!  Watch all day long and enjoy $1 Oysters from 3 to 7 and our great taco specials after 4:30!  Lets Go Rutgers!, Warm up with a hearty bowl of pasta, with a house salad for $14.95...

Warm up on Thursaday (high 60's) on the PATIO for lunch, Let the madness begin, conference tournaments all day long. Also showing preseason baseball for anyone craving a little hard ball., Don't let the rain spoil your Saturday, Bruins at 1pm, College Hoop all day,
 All the games All the time at Orleans and Daddy Cotter is Back On The Bar......., T.G.I.F
Ease yourself into the weekend at Orleans, drink specials, food specials, sports, DJ at 10pm, Join us at Orleans tonight from 7 to 9 and try the new Guinness Black Lager!, 30 cent wings. Devils vs Bruins at 7.  Doesnt get any better.  Period., Tonights trivia jackpot is $300, Taco Tuesday at the "O" Starts at 4.30pm, see you later, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3LIfB3vyyc8&feature=related, Orleans is now featuring the Widmer Brothers Dark Saison from Portlan Oregon.  This take on the classic French farmhouse ale gets its dark coloring from a hint of caramel and dark chocolate hops.  At 5.5% ABV its perfect for these prespring days!, Bruins and kareoke tonight.  What a great combo! Game at 7 singing at 10 come on down and cross check it out, The weather's not too bad at Orleans! 
Stop by grab some $1 Oysters 
yes I said $1 Oyster until 7pm,
 and get ready for the weekend....
DJ starts at 10pm no cover, Tonights trivia jackpot is $250, FAT TUESDAY SPECIALS
Popcorn Crawfish Tails
  $10

Fried Green Tomatoes
$9

Chicken and Sausage Gumbo
$17

Blackened Redfish
$20

Shrimp Po Boy
$12, Do you every sit and think to yourself, 'this wheat beer is missing something?' Well the good folks at Long Trail have found what you have been looking for!  The Blackberry Wheat Ale which conveniently enough is now on draft at Orleans!, Come celebrate FAT TUESDAY today at Orleans!  Great Mardi Gras themed food & drink specials.  Let the indulging begin!!, Hmmmmm would I like Brunch or Lunch??
Brunch or Lunch??
Lunch or Brunch??
Think I'll go to Orleans they have both,
 maybe a nice Strawberry Mimosa will help me decide....Yum, Come in between 7 and 9 tonight and order a pint of Amstel Wheat and enter to win a trip for two to Amsterdam!, Come in and enjoy our newest draft beer special, the Newcastle Winter IPA!, Start the Holiday weekend in style with a wine tasting at Orleans 6pm, Friday 17th Feb at Orleans with Amstel Light.....Stop by from 7pm to 9pm, have a pint of Amstel Wheat and you could win a trip for 2 to Amsterdam, Tonights trivia jackpot is $800
And 1$ Oysters from 3-7, Just a few hours left to make your reservations for tonight!  Treat your valentine to a nice dinner at Orleans (617) 591-2100. <3, I love you more...
-Nooo I Love you More....
You hang up....
-Nooo you hang up..., Join us tomorrow evening for Valentine's day at Orleans. We have plenty of great Valentine's day specials in addition to our regular menu! Call (617) 591-2100 for reservations.
, Sorry you didn't win the powerball, you can still be a winner Friday 17th Feb at Orleans with Amstel Light.....Stop by from 7pm to 9pm, have a pint of Amstel Wheat and you could win a trip for 2 to Amsterdam, Good Morning (I hope) we are serving Brunch until 3pm, great bloody marys, it's easy like a Sunday morning.....should be., Kareoke tonight at 9 pm!, Friday February 17 join us for a chance to win a trip for two to Amsterdam!  Amstel Light is raffling away this dream vacation as well as other giveaways and prizes from 7 to 9 pm!, TGIF.....Relax, rewind, have a beer, eat some good food, listen to our DJ starting at 10pm, Do you want to get away???
 join us next Friday, Feb 17th, with Amstel Wheat from 7-9pm you could be the lucky winner of a trip for 2 to Amsterdam!!!!! not to shabby...., Come on in and catch the Celtics take on the Lakers at 8pm tonight! Enjoy the game with some 30 cent wings!  What else could be better?, null, Valentine's Day Specials from Orleans! http://conta.cc/wfgon3, $1 Oyster Monday thru Friday 3-7 at Olreans.  And as an added bonus tonight is Taco Tuesday with some delicous taco specials to choose from starting at 5pm! Come on down., Twas the night before the super bowl and all through the bar not a creature was stirring except KAREOKE AT 10PM!!!!!!!!  Rally songs tonight at Orleans!, SPORTS!!!!!!  Warm up for the main attraction sunday by seeing the undercard tonight at 8pm!  Boston vs New York.  Celts vs Knicks.  Its on!, mmmm 30 cent wings at Orleans tonight...., Tonights trivia jackpot is $700, We have 12 HD TVs, 1 Big Screen TV, Volume will be up, beers will be flowing, appetizers specials, and Gina and Cotter are on the bar., The return of the Gobbler!  Stop in for this delicous lunch special.  Its sliced turkey, cranberry sauce and stuffing between to soft pieces of white bread. mmm Thanksgiving in January!, 6 Days until the Superbowl, what are you doing??? We have 12 HD TVs, 1 Big Screen TV, Volume will be up, beers will be flowing, appetizers specials, and Gina and Cotter are on the bar...AAAAAHHHHHH Go Pats, Come on down for the hippest, hand jiviest, most rad kareoke ever tonight at Orleans! We will, oh yes, we will rock you starting at 10 pm, College hoops action all day long! Plus FA Cup Soccar cant get any better than that!, Grilled Bone in Pork Chop
Roasted potatoes, grilled sweet corn, bourbon apple glaze
Yummy, Harpoon promo, 30cent wings, $1 Oysters, all happening at the "O" tonight..., mmmm 30 cent wings at Orleans tonight...., Test how much smarts you have here at Orleans! Tonights trivia jackpot is $600.Thats no mere bag of shells!
1$ Oysters until 7pm, null, Do  you have the mid week blues?????? Stop by Orleans hang out with Mike  at the bar, grab some $1 Oyster (3pm-7pm) watch some soccer, 
Man City / Liverpool - 2.30pm, Carling Cup
Real Madrid / Barcelona - 4.30pm, Copa del Rey......, Check out our newest beer on tap! It is the Harpoon Black IPA.  This delicous American style Indian Pale Ale comes in at 7% ABV and is perfect for a cold winter evening., Whats that?  Yes, its true.  Orleans DOES have dollar oysters monday through friday from 3 to 7!  Good to know, good to know...., Check out these events!, Game time 3pm, 12 HDTV's, volume loud, 20 draft beers,
 GO PATS, Come on down for the hippest, hand jiviest, most rad kareoke ever tonight at Orleans!  We will, oh yes, we will rock you starting at 10 pm, null, Whats better than watching the Bruins beat the Devil's? How about 30 cent wings! Catch the game and a wing tonight at Orleans!, Orleans is now featuring the Ipswich Oatmeal Stout, a deep, rich, and malty with hints of chocolate and coffee. It's what espresso would be if it had the gumption to be beer. We use two different hop additions, specially selected crystal malts, roasted barley, and oatmeal to give it a soft and silky mouth feel. Makes a great dessert. Or meal. ABV: 7.0%., Test how much smarts you have here at Orleans! Tonights trivia jackpot is $550.Thats no mere bag of shells!
1$ Oysters until 7pm, Bruins vs Lightning tonight at 7:30!, Its Pasta night at Orleans, stop in for a hearty bowl of pasta with a house salad for just $14.95., Do you feel like Lunch or Brunch....we have both, end the long weekend with us., BREAKING NEWS!!! Apparently the Patriots are playing a football contest against the Broncos of Denver tonight!  You probably havent heard anything about the game so as a public service announcement we are getting the word out!  TONIGHT  8 PM  BRING IT TEBOW!, Be Hoppy I.P.A. - Come in have a pint and support your local Breweries

6.5% A.B.V.
69+ I.B.U’s

Reddish-gold hazy unfiltered brew.&nbsp; Pungent aroma of citrus, floral spice, and grapefruit.&nbsp; Decidedly bitter palate with a medium light body.&nbsp; Flavors of hoppy grapefruit give way to a dry finish.&nbsp; Our Hop Back and Double Dry Hop process ensure aromatics that are in your face coupled with an obscene amount of kettle hops that should make all bitter beer fans and hop heads love Wormtown’s Be Hoppy I.P.A.!, Order up!  Come on down tonight starting at 4:30 for 30 cent wings!  They fly off the plate so catch em early!, Another day, another grudge match for the Bruins as they take on the Canadians! Catch all the action here at Orleans starting at 7 pm, News from Orleans Restaurant http://conta.cc/xtsKk0, I know it's Monday, make yourself feel better with one of our delicious pasta specials only $14.95 with a house salad... Sit back grab a beer (we have 20 beers on draft) and watch the national championship LSU/Alabama game @ 8.30pm, Serving Brunch until 3pm, great brunch cocktails and NFL playoffs, great sports all day and night long at Orleans today.  Grab brunch and catch FA Soccar and than the rematch!  BRUINS VS CANUCKS at 1pm.  And then chase it all down with the NFL Wild Card Saturday starting at 4:30!, Congrats, you've survived the first week of 2012!!! Celebrate at Orleans with $1 oysters until 7pm, great dinner specials, and DJ spinning at 9pm...., What did one wing say to the other?  Orleans makes me feel cheep!  30 cent wing night starting at 5:30 come on down!, Test how much smarts you have here at Orleans! Tonights trivia jackpot is $400.Thats no mere bag of shells!
1$ Oysters until 7pm, Warm up with a nice hot and hearty lunch at Orleans, finish it of with some hot spiced cider.....Or stop by later for Taco Tuesdays, End the weekend the proper way, Pasta night at Orleans....$14.95 big bowl of yummy pasta and house salad, Start 2012 right with Brunch and Cocktails at Orleans.
Brunch until 3pm Football All Day!!!!!, Everybody's working for the weekend! It's here folks the last days of 2011 and if the Mayan's are correct (and they always are) than this very well could be our last New Year's Eve EVER! Make it memorable by coming down to Orleans and partying down with us! The tunes are going all night and the memories will last till the end of days we promise, Yum Seafood Risotto, 
Lobster, shrimp and mussels
 in a Garlic white wine sauce, Join us tonight for a  Heineken Promo from 6pm to 8pm, 30c wings from 4.30 until supplies last and if that is not enough we have $1 Oysters, yes i said $1 Oysters from 3pm to 7pm...... See you at Orleans, Test how much smarts you have here at Orleans!  Tonights trivia jackpot is $350.  Thats no mere bag of shells!, Its that time of year again! Call now to make reservations for our New Years Eve special dinner.  Choose from a pre fixed menu or off our fantastic dinner menu!  Come for the food and stay to ring in the New Year with us!, ITS ON!  The C's take on the choke artists aka the Heat tonight at 8 pm!  Catch all the high flying hoops action here at Orleans!, Hope you all had a very Merry Christmas. Stop in today for Lunch or Brunch we have a bit of both......, Pan Seared Salmon
Served with sweet peas risotto,                                             
grilled asparagus, and garlic wine sauce
 $19, Orleans would like to wish all our customers and friends a happy Holidays, and New Year., Join us tonight for a Sam Adams promo 6 - 8pm, 30c wings 4.30pm until supplies last and saving the best for last $1 Oysters from 3 - 7..... Happy Christmas, Join us tonight for our $300 trivia jackpot at 8pm, Get away from the holiday madness, stop by have a Taco or two, sip on a beer, watch a game, 3 to 7 Monday through Friday Orleas has dollar oysters.  Pass this pearl of information on!, Pasta Night at Orleans
$14.95 for a delicious bowl of pasta, and a house salad

 Salmon Fuseli
Sun-dried Tomatoes, Asparagus, Sweet Peas
Garlic Cream Sauce

Scallops Fettuccini
Shallots, Cherry Tomatoes, Leeks
Garlic white Wine Sauce

Chicken & Chorizo 
Penne Pasta, Broccoli Rabe, Mushrooms, Shallots
Pink Tomato Sauce

Butternut Squash Ravioli
Mushrooms, Sweet Peas, Shallots
Maple Cream Sauce, Entrée Specials

Turkey Kebob
Two Marinated kebobs, Basmati rice, White Bean Ragu
$16
Grilled Rib-Eye
Mashed Potatoes, Baby Carrots, Gorgonzola & White Truffle Oil
$23
Pan Seared Jumbo Scallops
Sweet Pea Risotto, Sautéed Brussel Sprouts
Lemon White Wine Sauce
$22, Stop in today between 6 and 8, you could win some Bruins tickets with Harpoon, Its that time of week again... 30 cent wing night at Orleans starting at 5pm!  Plus 1 dollar oysters from 3 to 7!  You cant lose, Only 10 shopping days left till Christmas....let us help you relieve some stress. Stop by for a drink and purchase a gift card. All denominations available. Spend $200 or more and receive a bonus card for yourself equal to 10% of the amount purchased., Aw shucks, we have dollar oysters now! Monday thru Friday 3 to 7 pm!, Join us this Thursday from 6-8pm with Harpoon, start the holidays early with a pair Bruins tickets........30cent wings......$1 Oysters till 7pm......., Beer, Food and Football all day, One hour and 26 minutes till the Bruins drop the puck.  Where the puck are you gonna watch the game tonight?, SPORTS!  We have some great action tonight with the Heisman Trophy presentation at 8 and all the top NCAA basketball teams in action.  Check it all out at Orleans tonight!, Oysters $1 Monday - Friday 3pm to 7pm, We are now carrying Heineken beer on draft for a limited time. Come on in and check it out now!, The Bruins look to start another winning streak tonight at 7 pm.  A perfect time to start your own winning streak by catching the game and our new Thursday night 30 cent wings.  Catch it all here tonight!, Its finally happening! Its all anyone in St Louis and Las Angeles can talk about! Not Albert Pujols but 30 cent WINGS at Orleans tonight!, Join us tonight for our $800 trivia jackpot at 8pm, 30 CENT WINGS...AT ORLEANS...EVERY THURSDAY. OH MY!, Its taco Tuesday again!  Seems like it was only a week ago but its back! Delicous taco specials tonight starting at 5 pm, Come in and try our newest beer on tap, the Otter Creek 20th Anniversary Ale. With four times the malts and hops, the traditional flavor is a bigger, bolder and more complex ale that can be savored for years to come. It features a blend of six malts with German & American hops and is a celebration of Otter Creek's 20 years of craft brewed ales in Middlebury, Vermont, Not sure what to get someone as a gift? Check this out... , Starting Thursday, 12/8, Orleans will be serving 30 cent wings! Thats right, not 50, not 40, not even 32 cent wings but 30 CENT WINGS! Its gonna be faaaaaaantastic!, Game Night @ 7pm, hang out, watch football, drink beer, eat food, play games....end the weekend easy, Brunch until 3pm, great cocktails and the Pats @1pm, Kareoke house party tonight at Orleans! come dance and sing it out with us. Party starts at 10pm!, DJ 10pm, Starting next Thursday, 12/8, Orleans will be serving 30 cent wings!  Thats right, not 50, not 40, not even 32 cent wings but 30 CENT WINGS! Its gonna be faaaaaaantastic!, Come on down tonight as the Oregon Ducks take on the UCLA Bruins and see if UCLA can carry their coach off the field after a win and not just after practice. The action starts at 8 pm!, Thursday night football as the Eagles try and finish off one of the most dissapointing seasons in recent NFL history as they try and take down the mighty Seahawks of Seatle tonight at 8:30!, Brand new beer on tap here at Orleans! Check out the Long Trail Hibernator, a delicous Scottish Ale that will help you forget about the coming winter and sleep it away!, This Weeks Beer Specials

22 oz Beer Specials $15
Allagash Curieux 
Bourbon Barrel Aged Strong Ale. Allagash Curieux was the first foray into barrel aging. Curieux is made by aging Tripel Ale in Jim Beam bourbon barrels for eight weeks in cold cellars. The aged beer is then blended back with a portion of fresh Tripel. The resulting beer is soft with coconut and vanilla notes, with hints of bourbon. ABV: 11%

La Chouffe
Pours a hazy orange/yellow color with a small white head along with some thin white lacing. Nose is sweet and hoppy, bready yeast and a mellow spiciness finishes it off.
Taste is quite spicy and a bit sharp, there's a very strong hop bite as well, not overwhelming but well balanced. The finish is crisp with a full body, lots of carbonation as well. ABV: 8%

Blue Hills Imperial Red IPA
This unfiltered beer is a combination of our Red Baron Ale and our Flagship IPA blended to achieve a smooth malt flavor with an imperial hop PUNCH. It weighs in at 9% A.B.V., Tonights Dinner Specials
 Appetizers
Butternut Squash Bisque
Cup $4   Bowl $6

Buffalo Chicken Melting Pot
Served with tortilla chips
$12
 Entrees
NY Sirloin Steak
Served with mashed potatoes and grilled asparagus
With a mushroom gravy
$19

Pan-Seared Mahi-Mahi
Locally caught Mahi Mahi with spinach risotto and green beans
 In a lemon white wine sauce
$20

Scallops Fettuccini  
Shallots, brussels sprouts, and sweet peas
In a garlic cream sauce
$18

Drink Specials
Dave Matthews Dreaming Tree Crush
Gls $8  Btl $30
“The Dreaming Tree” is the name of a Dave Matthews Band song, and now it’s a wine brand as well, crafted  winemaking legend Steve Reeder, whose resumé includes stints with Chateau St. Jean, Simi and Kendall-Jackson. I Matthews and Reeder sought to make high-quality wine available to the masses. The wine shows off impressions of black cherry, red licorice and raspberry. The finish is smooth, just like a DMB jam.”
 
 Blue Hills Brewery (Canton MA)
Imperial Red IPA (22oz)
$15

This unfiltered beer is a combination of our Red Baron Ale and our Flagship IPA blended to achieve a smooth malt flavor with an imperial hop PUNCH. It weighs in at 9% A.B.V., Rotating Beer List


Sam Adams Double Pumpkin $6
Harvest Pumpkin Ale. Smooth, roasted, and malty with distinct pumpkin and spice notes  

Sam Adams Winter $6
Sam Adams winter has cinnamon, ginger, and hint of citrus from the orange peel blend with the roasty sweetness of the malts to deliver a warming, spicy flavor. On the palate Samuel Adams Winter Lager is rich and full bodied, robust and warming

Otter Creek Stove Pipe Porter $6
Stovepipe Porter is made in the traditional porter style, Ruby-black in color, and has a rich palate and a roasted, hoppy aroma.  The Stovepipe Porter is 5.4% ABV and 30 IBU.
 
Amstel Wheat $6
Amstel Wheat offers a deep, translucent golden color with orange and amber hues. The aroma is rich with fruit and floral notes and while the taste is slightly fruity with soft hoppy undertones

Harpoon Chocolate Stout $6
Harpoon Chocolate Stout is brewed with an abundance of chocolate malt and a touch of chocolate. This flavor is created from the use of darker, more aromatic malt that has been roasted or kilned until it acquires a chocolate color.

Notch Pilsner $6
Notch Session Pils salutes the unfiltered Pilsners of the Czech Republic: crisp, herbal, and hoppy. The Czech culture is a beer culture - drinking more beer per capita than any other nation. And their beer of choice is the low gravity, unfiltered and unpasteurized Pilsner, known as "workers" or "tap" beer. In the end, Czech Pilsner serves the same function as Brit Session Beer - lower ABV, great flavor, and built for multiple pints.

Baxter’s Stowaway IPA $6
 There is a great hop and malt balance with this beer. The pine and resin bitterness is the first to set in and stays steady throughout the sip. It finishes very clean and dry with a lingering bitterness that is not unpleasant. 

Dos Equis Amber $6
Traditional vienne style amber ale with a rich big flavor. Dos Equis Amber is actually classified as a lager, but it has the body and bouquet of a fine amber ale. 

Hofbrau Dunkel $6
With an alcohol content of around 5.5% by volume and a subtle spicy and rich flavor, this is a refreshing beer that suits all kinds of occasions. A beer brewed in the traditional Munich style.

Widmer Brothers Imperial Red  $8
This robust style of beer is exceptionally malty with a hop profile. Also known as Double IPA, this strong style of beer was originally brewed in England for the Russian Imperial Court of the late 1700s. ABV  8.6%

Smutty Nose IPA $6
The citrusy hop flavor coming from a mixture of Simcoe and Santiams is pleasantly balanced by a smooth bitterness from the Amarillo hops.  At 65 IBU's, this is definitely not a training-wheels IPA, but is meant for hop lovers looking to satisfy their craving in a way that's not easy to find. ABV 6.9%, Join us tonight for our $750 trivia jackpot at 8pm, Book your holiday parties today - we can customize the menu to suit your needs.  (617) 591-2100, Join us tonight for our Tuesday tradition of 5 and 6 dollar taco specials for a delicous taco Tuesday here at Orleans! The specials start at 5:30, Its another great tasty Tuesday at Orleans! come on in and catch our great lunch specials!
Beef Bolognese
A hearty beef and porcini Romano sauce 
over penne pasta
$10

Tuna Salad Sandwich
With lettuce and tomato on multi grain bread
$10

Turkey Club
With bacon, lettuce, tomato, cheddar cheese and mayo 
on three pieces of white bread
$10

Veggie Pizza
With mushroom, onions and spinach
$10, Saints V Giants.....8pm, All  Pasta Specials $14.95 and served with side salad 
Blackened Mahi Mahi
Tomatoes, Parsley, Garlic, Extra Virgin Olive Oil
Over a bed of Spaghetti

Beef Bolognese
Hearty Beef Ragu, Pecorino Romano, Penne Pasta

Frutti De Mare
Scallops, Calamari, Mussels, Spaghetti
Choice of Spicy Garlic White Wine or Plum Tomato Sauce

Chicken and Chorizo
Asparagus, Shallots, Garlic Cream Sauce
Over Fettuccini, Wind down from the Holidays with Brunch, a Tasty cocktail from our new Brunch cocktail list and some Football....., DJ starts spinning at 10pm, no cover only a good time!!!, null, null, Beer Special-Blue Hills Imperial IPA
22oz btl all the way from Canton Ma, Stop by for Pasta night, all pasta specials $14.95, comes with a house salad

Fried Butternut Squash Ravioli
Sweet Peas, Shitake Mushrooms, Brussel Sprouts
Maple Cream Sauce

Chicken Meatballs
House Tomato Sauce, On a bed Spaghetti

Sautéed Swordfish 
Shallots, Asparagus, Cherry Tomatoes, Garlic White Wine Sauce
Over Fettuccini

Chicken and Prosciutto
Shallots, Sweet Peas, Spinach, Alfredo Sauce, Penne Pasta, N. Carolina Pulled Pork
Sweet N. Carolina sauce, sautéed onions, Swiss cheese,
Sautéed red peppers, onion rings on a Bulkie roll.
Choice of Fries, Soup or Salad.
$12

Veggie Quesadilla
Spinach, mushrooms, red peppers, artichokes, 
White onions with Colby jack cheese.
$10

Fish Po Boy
Panko crusted haddock, lettuce, tomatoes, 
Remoulade sauce on a French Baguette. 
Choice of Fries, Soup or Salad.
$10

Chicken Florentine
Mushrooms, red peppers, onion, spinach mushrooms, feta cheese
On a French Baguette.
Choice of Fries, Soup or Salad.
$12, Brunch.....Cocktails......Football, Bruins head to Long Island to take on the Islanders at 7 pm catch all the action here at Orleans!, Kareoke house party tonight at Orleans! come dance and sing it out with us.  Party starts at 10pm!, DJ starts spinning at 10pm, no cover only a good time!!!, Tonights Dinner Specials
Pan Seared Tuna
Basmati Rice, Sautéed Spinach, Pineapple Salsa
$19

New York Steak
French Fries, Onion Rings, Demi Glace
$20
 
Marinated Pork Chops
Mashed Potatoes, Green Beans
$18

Butternut Squash Ravioli
Shitake Mushrooms, Shallots, Brussel Sprouts,
Maple Cream Sauce
$17, Movember at Orleans, 
Don't forget November 26th fundraiser 4pm-7pm, BACARDI OAKHEART ARE IN THE HOUSE 8-10PM, null, http://youtu.be/4PkcfQtibmU, Day 2 of the presidents cup competition from Australia tonight at 8 pm! Live coverage here at Orleans!, Thursday Night Footall has Tebow time tonight as the Jets travel to the mile high city for an 8:30 kickoff vs the Broncos, Blue Jackes vs Bruins tonight at 7!, Come in and check out todays delicous lunch specials!
Blackened Turkey Tips
With Mashed Potatoes and Green Beans
$12

Turkey Club
With Lettuce, Tomato, Bacon and Mayo on Three Pieces of White Bread
Choice of French fries, salad, or soup.
$10

Chicken Burger
Homemade Chicken Burger Patties, Cheddar Cheese, Bacon and Pineapple Salsa 
Choice of French fries, salad, or soup.
$12

Tuna Salad Melt
With Bacon and Cheddar Cheese on a Fresh Baguette
$12, The Bruins take the ice tonight against the Devils at 7 pm!, All day college hoops marathon with some of the best teams in the country hitting the floor! It all culminates with Duke taking on Michigan State tonight as Coach K goes for career win 902 to pass Bob Knight for most wins all time. Catch all the action here today at Orleans!, Another great fall day! Enjoy it here at Orleans with our tasty lunch specials!
Turkey Chili Quesadilla
  Pico de Gallo, Sour Cream and Guacamole
$10

Crab Cake Sandwich
Lettuce, Tomato and Chipotle Aioli on a Fresh Baguette
Choice of French fries, salad, or soup.
$12

Chicken Burger
Homemade Chicken Burger Patties, Pepper Jack Cheese
And Spicy Coleslaw 
Choice of French fries, salad, or soup.
$10

Chicken and Broccoli Alfredo
With Asparagus and Shallots over Fettuccini
$12, Join us tonight for the Packers/Vikings game with corona.
Promotion starts at 7pm, lots of Giveaways.................., null, Recently a beloved member of the Orleans Family, Lance Greene, was diagnosed with prostate cancer.  After a successful surgery last month Lance has decided to make a difference for everyone out there who has and will go through a similer experience as him.  Check out the link http://us.movember.com/mospace/2422138 and support him in his fight.  Also join us here at Orleans on Saturday November 26, 2011 from 4 to 7 pm when we will be giving away some great raffle prizes and enjoying a great day!, Sing us a song tonight! Great Kareoke at Orleans tonight starting at 10 pm!, Delicious Dinner specials at Orleans!
Appetizers 
Orleans Clam Chowder
Cup $4  Bwl $7

 Entrees
Pan Seared Salmon
Sweet Pea Risotto, Broccoli, Garlic White Wine Sauce
$19

Grilled Rib eye Steak
Served with Mashed Potatoes and Grilled Corn
Brandy Pepper Sauce
$22
 
16oz Grilled Pork Chop
Sweet Potato Fries, Green Beans, Apple Cider Glaze
$20

Homemade Chicken Burger
Cream Cheese, Honey Mustard, Spicy Coleslaw
$12, DJ starts spinning at 10pm, no cover only a good time!!!, 16oz Grilled Pork Chop
Sweet Potato Fries, Green Beans, Apple Cider Glaze
$20, The Raiders take on the Chargers tonight as Phillip Rivers and Carson Palmer try and see who can throw more interceptions for tochdowns. See who can beat themselves tonight at 8:20, The Bruins welcom our friends from the north as they take on the Edmonton Oilers at 7 pm! Catch all the action at Orleans!, Join us today from 5-7 for a Corona promo for the new Warren Miller film "Like There's No Tomorrow".  WZLX will be on hand for give aways and much more!, Thirsty Thursday lunch specials!
Tuna Salad Sanwich
  Lettuce, Tomato and Onion on Multi Grain Bread
Choice of French fries, salad, or soup
$10

Turkey Club
Turkey, Lettuce, Tomato, Bacon, Mayo.
 On Three Pieces of White /Wheat bread. 
Choice of French fries, salad, or soup
$10

Chicken Burger
Homemade Chicken Burger Patties, Cream Cheese and Honey Mustard 
Choice of French fries, salad, or soup
$12

Haddock Po-Boy
With lettuce, tomato, and chipotle aioli
On a fresh baguette 
Choice of French fries, salad, or soup
$10, Amstel Wheat promo 7-9 pm Thursay. Come check out this delicous new beer!, Corona event on Thursday at Orleans! There will be giveaways and other great stuff from 5-7 pm, Trivia tonight starting at 8 pm! Bring your team for a chance to win the cash grand prize!, Corona event on Thursday at Orleans! There will be giveaways and other great stuff from 5-7 pm!, Amstel Wheat promo 7-9 pm Thursay. Come check out this delicous new beer!, Its a beautiful day and the windows are open, take advantage while you can, it could snow tomorrow!
Tuna Salad Wrap
Homemade Tuna Salad, Lettuce, Tomato, Mayo and Swiss Cheese in a Flour Tortilla 
$10

Turkey Sandwich
Lettuce, Tomato, Bacon, Mayo and Cheddar Cheese 
on Multi Grain Bread
$10

Grilled Chicken Sandwich
Lettuce, Tomato, Onions, Pepper Jack Cheese and Chipotle Aioli on a French Baguette
$10

Buffalo Chicken Pizza
Chicken, Blue Cheese, Mozzarella Cheese
  and Buffalo sauce.
$10, Monday Night is Pasta Night and Monday Night football
All pasta is $14.95 and comes with a side salad, null, Beautiful day for Eggs
Brunch served until 3pm, null, DJ 10pm, spinning all your favorites......., Frutti De Mare
Mussels, Calamari, Lobster
Spicy Garlic White Wine Sauce, Fresh Fettuccine
$21, http://youtu.be/W9MzrirPrCI, Join us tonight as Boston College squares off against Florida St at 8 pm!, Today we give away our third tail gate party of the season! Just like us on Facebook and you will be entered in to win a tail gate party at Orleans for 20 people that includes food and other prizes!, Join us next thursday night, November 10, from 7-9 pm and enjoy a tasting of Amstel Wheat., Finally a great fall day! Come into Orleans and get a glass of our special Fall Sangria and these great lunch specials!
Steak Tip Wrap
Mushrooms, Peppers, Onions and Cheddar Cheese in a Flour Tortilla 
$10
Pork and Beef Aroncinis
With Risotto Pork and Beef
Served with a Side of Marinara
$10
Crab Cake Sandwich
 Lettuce, Tomato and Chipotle Aioli 
on a French Baguette
$10
Orleans Pizza
Chicken, Broccoli, Spinach, Onions, Mozzarella Cheese 
and Tomato Sauce
$10, The Bruins take on the Senators tonight at 7 pm catch all the action here at Orleans!, Taco Tuesday again at Orleans! Come on down tonight and enjoy our delicous taco dinner specials starting at 4:45!, Round of 16 games today for the Chamions League. Games start at 1 pm and 3:45!, Lunch Specials for everyone!
Tuna Salad Sandwich
Lettuce, Tomato, Bacon and Cheddar Cheese 
on Multi Grain Bread
$10

Turkey Sandwich
Lettuce, Tomato, Pepper Jack Cheese and Mayo
 on White Bread
$10

Crab Cake Sandwich
Lettuce, Tomato and Chipotle Aioli 
on a French Baguette
$10

Veggie Pizza
Mushrooms, Broccoli, Mozzarella Cheese 
and Tomato Sauce
$10, http://youtu.be/sOnqjkJTMaA, College football as future Miami Dolphin/ Indianapolis Colt Andrew Luck and his Stanford Cardinals take on USC at 8 pm, Rematch time! LETS GO BRUINS... LETS GO BRUINS! 7 pm tonight, Twas the Saturday night before Halloween and creatures are stirring ready to leave the house! If its frightful fun you are seeking on this cold snowy eve than Orleans is the place, for once you are here you will never leave! Come on down tonight and scare everyone with your crazy Kareoke skills! Plus prizes for the best costumes!, Live DJ following the World Series tonight get your groove on after the game, It all comes down to tonight! Game 7, winner take all! All the action starts at 8 pm at Orleans!, Canadians at Bruins tonight at 7 pm, enough said, http://youtu.be/hLQl3WQQoQ0, Can the Rangers finish off the Cardinals tonight or can Pujols and the Red Birds live to fight another day? Find out tonight at 8 pm as Game 6 of the World Series steps up to the plate!, Its Thirsty Thusday again and we have some great lunch specials going on today!
Tuna Salad Sandwich 
Lettuce, Tomato and Jack Cheese 
on Multi-grain Bread
$10

Steak Tip Quesadilla
Pico de Gallo, Guacamole and Sour Cream
$12

Steak and Cheese Sandwich
Onions, Peppers and Mozzarella Cheese
 on a French Baguette 
$10

Turkey Club 
Lettuce, Tomato, Bacon, Cheddar Cheese and Mayo 
On White Bread
$10

Meatloaf
Mashed Potatoes and Green Beans
$12, This Saturday night is our Wicked Karaoke-Halloween Party!  , IT'S TACO TUESDAY AGAIN!!  Come in tonight for some deeeelicious taco specials :), Come in to Orleans tonight for some Monday Night Football and our Corona giveaway!  We are giving away a Corona beer pong table!  Great food, large beer selection, football on the flat screens, and giveaways...doesn't get much better than that.
Happy football season, everyone!, Karaoke tonight 10pm, its fun and its free, Tonights Dinner Specials


Appetizers
Orleans Clam Chowder
Cup $5  Bowl $7

Entrees	
  Crab Cake Burger
  Served with Chipotle Aioli, Lettuce, Tomato and Onions
$15

Grilled Flat Iron Steak 
Served with Mashed Potato and Asparagus 
In a Black Pepper Demi-Glaze
$18

Grilled Pork Tenderloin 
Served with Red Bliss Potatoes, Green Beans, and
Topped with a Sweet Chipotle Glaze
$17

Butternut Squash Ravioli
With Sweet Peas, Shallots and Shitake Mushrooms in a Maple Cream Sauce
$17

Wine Specials
Bridle wood ’09 Red Blend 175
Gls $9  Btl $34 
Robert Parker Scores The 2009 Blend 175 89 points
"Abundant black currant fruit notes intermixed with hints of white chocolate, pepper and earth. It is a spicy, delicious, endearing, medium-bodied red with exuberant fruit as well as a boisterous personality."

Martini Special
Pear Martini

Double Cross vodka, St Germaine, Pear Juice
$9.50, Dj Tonight 10pm, Appetizers
Orleans Clam Chowder
Cup $5  Bowl $7

Entrees	
  Crab Cake Burger
  Served with Chipotle Aioli, Lettuce, Tomato and Onions
$15

Pan Seared Rib Eye 
Served with Mashed Potato and Asparagus 
In a Black Pepper Demi-Glaze
$20
Grilled Pork Tenderloin 
Served with Red Bliss Potatoes, Green Beans, and
Topped with a Sweet Chipotle Glaze
$17

Chicken Penne
Sauteed chicken, with Shallots, Asparagus, Sweet Peas
In a Cherry Cream Sauce 
$16

Wine Specials
Bridle wood ’09 Red Blend 175
Gls $9  Btl $34 
Robert Parker Scores The 2009 Blend 175 89 points
"Abundant black currant fruit notes intermixed with hints of white chocolate, pepper and earth. It is a spicy, delicious, endearing, medium-bodied red with exuberant fruit as well as a boisterous personality."

Martini Special
Pear Martini

Double Cross vodka, St Germaine, Pear Juice
$9.50, Dinner Specials

Appetizers

Orleans Clam Chowder
Cup $5  Bowl $7

Entrees	
Baked Tilapia
Served with Sweet Pea Risotto and Green Beans
In a Garlic Cream Sauce
$17

Pan Seared Rib Eye 
Served with Mashed Potato and Asparagus 
In a Black Pepper Demi-Glaze
$20
Steak Fajitas
Served with Mixed Peppers and Onions
With Rice and Black Beans in Flour Tortillas
$16
Frutti di Mare
Fresh Calamari, Mussels, and Lobster in a Spicy Garlic 
White Wine Sauce Served Over Fresh Spaghetti 
$22

Wine Specials
Bridle wood ’09 Red Blend 175
Gls $9  Btl $34 
Robert Parker Scores The 2009 Blend 175 89 points
"Abundant black currant fruit notes intermixed with hints of white chocolate, pepper and earth. It is a spicy, delicious, endearing, medium-bodied red with exuberant fruit as well as a boisterous personality."

Martini Special
Pear Martini
Double Cross vodka, St Germaine, Pear Juice
$9.50, http://youtu.be/sL7ifSxp9xU, Trivia tonight starting at 8 pm! Bring your team for a chance to win the cash grand prize!, The World Series starts tonight as the AL champion Rangers take on the NL champion Cardinals at 8 pm.  Enjoy a cold beer and the game here at Orlean!, Full Champions League coverage here at Orleans starting at 2:45!, Rain Rain go away! Enjoy a tasty lunch here at Orleans!
Crab Cake Sandwich
With Lettuce, Tomato and Chipotle Aioli 
on a French Baguette
$10

Turkey Club
With Lettuce, Tomato, Bacon and Mayo 
on Multi Grain Bread
$10

Blackened Tilapia BLT
With Mayo on Challah Bread
$10

Buffalo Chicken Wrap
With Lettuce, Tomato and Blue Cheese 
in a Flour Tortilla
 $10, null, Tuesdays at Orleans are TACO TUESDAYS!!! Come in and check out our delicious taco specials tonight and every tuesday night., A wonderful fall day at Orleans!
Crab Cakes
With Mixed Green Salad and Chipotle Aioli
$10

Grilled Chicken Pesto Sandwich
With Red Pepper and Swiss Cheese on a Bulke Roll
$10

Blackened Tilapia BLT
With Mayo on Challah Bread
$12

Argentine Sliced Sirloin
With Avocado, Lettuce, Tomato, Chimichurri and Chipotle Aioli on a French Baguette
 $10

Spaghetti and Meat Balls
With a Red Plum Tomato Sauce
$10, null, Come in, have some comfort food at Orleans on this cold Monday, watch some football, have a beer. 

All  Pasta Specials $14.95 and served with side salad 
Chicken and Chorizo
Leeks, Mushrooms, Tomato, Cajun Cream Sauce
Over penne Pasta

Mussels
Leeks, Tomatoes, Spicy white sauce
Over Spaghetti

Beef Meatballs 
House Tomato Sauce, Pecorino Romano, Fettuccini Pasta

Fresh Angel Hair
Zucchini, Asparagus, Mushrooms, Napa Peas
Pink Tomato Sauce, Wish everyday was like Sunday?? Brunch, Football, Beer, Cocktails, Fun....
Stop by Orleans our Patio is still OPEN!!!!, Karaoke tonight 10pm, its fun and its free, Dinner Specials

Appetizers
Crab Cakes
Mixed green Salad, Chipotle Aioli
 $10

Orleans Clam Chowder
Cup $4  Bwl $7

Entrees	
Cornmeal Crusted Sole
Quinoa, Collard Greens, Tomatillo Sauce
$18

Pan Seared Rib Eye 
Mash Potatoes, Grilled Asparagus, Black Pepper demi Glace
$21
Butternut Squash Ravioli
Shitake Mushrooms, Shallots, Sweet Peas
Maple Cream Sauce
$17
Potato Gnocchi
Chicken, Asparagus, Mushrooms, Leeks
Garlic White Wine Sauce
$17

Wine Specials
Bridle wood ’09 Red Blend 175
Gls $9  Btl $34 
Robert Parker Scores The 2009 Blend 175 89 points
"Abundant black currant fruit notes intermixed with hints of white chocolate, pepper and earth. It is a spicy, delicious, endearing, medium-bodied red with exuberant fruit as well as a boisterous personality."

Martini Special
Pear Martini
Double Cross vodka, St Germaine, Pear Juice
$9.50, Bridle wood ’09 Red Blend 175
Gls $9  Btl $34 
Robert Parker Scores The 2009 Blend 175 89 points
"Abundant black currant fruit notes intermixed with hints of white chocolate, pepper and earth. It is a spicy, delicious, endearing, medium-bodied red with exuberant fruit as well as a boisterous personality.", http://youtu.be/pEzuC5UoM8g, NLCS action tonight at 8 pm as the Brewers and Cardinals look to break the 2-2 tie in game 5. All the action here at Orleans!, Get the weekend started at Orleans!
Crab Cakes
With Mixed Green Salad and Chipotle Aioli
$10

Shepherd’s Pie
Beef, Celery, Onion, Peas and Gravy Topped with Mashed Potatoes and Cheese
$12

Blackened Tilapia BLT
With Mayo on Challah Bread
$12

Turkey Salad Sandwich
With Melted Cheddar Cheese and Bacon 
On White Bread
 $10, Appetizers
Crab Cakes
Mixed green Salad, Chipotle Aioli
 $10

Entrees	
Shepards Pie
With a side of Mixed Greens
$15

Pan Seared Rib Eye 
Mash Potatoes, Grilled Asparagus, Black Pepper demi Glace
$21
Baked Tilapia
Sweet Pea Risotto, Green Beans, Lemon White Wine Sauce
$17
Potato Gnocchi
Shallots, Asparagus, Sweet peas, Plum Tomato Sauce
$16, http://youtu.be/K08akOt2kuo, Play continues today at 4 pm as the Rangers look to close out the Tigers and Justin Verlander and the Brewers look to even the series against the Cardinals at 8 pm.  Catch all the action at Orleans!, Come in out of the rain and enjoy a tasty lunch here at Orleans!
Southwest Chicken Sandwich 
Served with Peppers, Onions, Mushrooms and Choice of Cheese on a French Baguette
$10

Steak Tip Quesadilla
Served with Pico De Gallo, Guacamole 
and Sour Cream
$12

Veggie Pizza
Served with Peppers, Onions and Mushroom
$10

Turkey Club
Lettuce, Tomato, Bacon, Mayo
On Multigrain Bread
 $10

Greek Salad
With Feta Cheese and Green Peppers
 $10, null, null, Not a whole lot of time left to eat by the open windows or on the patio.......
Stop by and enjoy lunch

Crab Cakes 
Mixed Green Salad, Chipotle Aioli
$10

Tilapia BLT
Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato, Mayo
$12

Pulled Pork Sandwich
Swiss Cheese, Onion Rings, On a Sweet Portuguese Roll
$10

Turkey Club
Lettuce, Tomato, Bacon, Mayo
On Multigrain Bread
 $10

All Sandwiches are served with your choice of
Hand cut Fries, Salad, Soup, Finish the weekend off with a nice bowl of pasta and a house salad at Orleans for only $14.95

All  Pasta Specials $14.95 and served with side salad 
Potato Gnocchi
Sautéed chicken, Shallots, Asparagus
Garlic Cream Sauce

Blackened Chicken
Bell Peppers, Cajun Cream Sauce

Turkey Meatballs 
House Tomato Sauce, Pecorino Romano, Penne Pasta, Would you like Brunch or Lunch, well we have both, windows are open, patio is ready, we're just waiting on you..................

American breakfast
2 Buttermilk Pancakes, 2 Eggs Any Style, and Bacon or Sausage
$10

open faced omelette
Spinach, Onion, Red Peppers, and Feta Cheese
Served With French Fries
$10

Orleans omelette
Caramelized Onions, Andouille Sausage, Red Peppers, and Swiss Cheese Served With French Fries
$10

French toast
Try Our Sweet Cinnamon Raisin or Challah French Toast With Bacon or Sausage
 $10

The Monte Cristo
Swiss Cheese, Ham, and Turkey on Challah Bread
With Fries or Salad
$10

Crab cake burgah
With Lettuce, Tomato, and Chipotle Aioli 
on Challah Bread With Fries or Salad
					$10, Happy Birthday John, Patio is Open, and it's October!!!! Brunch, Beer, Football and Sunshine.......Orleans, Tonights Dinner Specials

Appetizers
Butternut Squash Bisque 
Cup $3 Bowl $6

Crab Cakes
Mixed green Salad, Chipotle Aioli
 $10

Entrees	
Pan Seared Salmon
Quinoa, Sautéed Spinach, Garlic White Wine Sauce
$19

Pan Seared Rib Eye 
Mash Potatoes, Grilled Asparagus, Bleu Cheese
$22
Pan Seared Scallops
Sweet Pea Risotto, Haricot Vert, Red Curry Sauce
$20

Wine Specials
Bridle wood ’09 Red Blend 175
Gls $9  Btl $34 
Robert Parker Scores The 2009 Blend 175 89 points
"Abundant black currant fruit notes intermixed with hints of white chocolate, pepper and earth. It is a spicy, delicious, endearing, medium-bodied red with exuberant fruit as well as a boisterous personality."

Martini Special
Pear Martini
Double Cross vodka, St Germaine, Pear Juice
$9.50

White Chocolate Martini
Three Olives Cake Vodka, White Godiva Liquor, 
$8, Karaoke tonight 10pm, its fun and its free, It's Fall, time for some Butternut Squash Bisque.....UFO Pumpkin.....Longtrail Harvest......The list goes on., Fall is in the air... check out our awesome Fall promotions!, http://youtu.be/8Cutj-myERU, Great day of baseball! The Yankees and Rays are eliminated and two intense game 5's this evening!
Diamondbacks vs Brewers at 5
Cardinals vs Phillies at 8:30
Lets go Cardinals!, Show off your mixology skills: give us your idea for a specialty drink/cocktail, the best one will be our featured DRINK OF THE MONTH! Oh and of course it will be named after you., Get your Friday started on this wonderful fall day!
Tilapia BLT
With Lettuce, Tomato, Bacon and Mayo 
on Challah Bread
$12

Blackened Chicken Taco Salad
With Lettuce, Black Beans, Cheddar Cheese, Avocado, and a Champagne Vinaigrette in a Crispy Tortilla Shell
 $12

Lobster Salad Sliders
With Homemade Potato Chips
$12

Turkey Meatballs
Fettuccini, House Tomato Sauce
$10, Congratulations Hamo Field winner of Septembers dinner for 2..., LETS GO BRUINS! The title defense starts tonight at 7 pm against against the Flyers.  Catch all the action here at Orleans!, brrrr its fall! enjoy our great lunch specials!
Yankee Panini
Ham, Turkey, and Melted Swiss with 
Bacon, Tomato, and Honey Mustard
On Fresh Baguette 
Served with French Fries, Soup, or Salad
$10

Tuna Melt 
Cucumber, Bacon and Swiss
On Country White Bread
Served with French Fries, Soup, or Salad

$10

Tilapia BLT
Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato and Mayo 
on Challah Bread
Served with French Fries, Soup, or Salad

$12
Buffalo Chicken Pizza
With Red Onions, Scallions, and Blue Cheese
$10, TEAM TRIVIA TONIGHT!!Teams of 6! Starts at 8!!
CASH AND OTHER GREAT PRIZES!!, Today's Lunch Specials all $10...
Tuna Melt with Cucumber, Bacon, and Swiss
Yankee Panini- Turkey, Ham, Tomato, and Honey Mustard on a Fresh Baguette
Thai Noodle Wrap- Grilled Chicken, Onion, Tomato, and Cucumber on a Flour Tortilla
Buffalo Chicken Pizza- With Onions, Scallions, and Blue Cheese
Come Join us for Lunch!!! Windows are open, and its a beautiful day to enjoy the patio!!, Show off your mixology skills: give us your idea for a specialty drink/cocktail, the best one will be our featured DRINK OF THE MONTH!  Oh and of course it will be named after you., http://youtu.be/qosZP1Rb900, Full slate of MLB postseason today as the Rays, Diamondbacks and Yankees all look to avoid elimination.  Catch all the action at Orleans!
Rangers vs Rays 2 pm
Phillies vs Cardinals 5 pm
Yankees vs Tigers 8:37 pm
Brewers vs Diamondbacks 9:37 pm, Do you fancy yourself a mixologist? Do you have a great cocktail that you know others would love to? Evey month we here at Orleans will pick a costumer created cocktail from this facebook page and feature it on our menu!, As long as the rain holds off our patio is open!
Turkey Club Wrap
With Lettuce, Tomato, Bacon and Mayo 
in a Flour Tortilla
$10

Buffalo Chicken Wrap
With Lettuce, Tomato and Bleu Cheese 
in a Flour Tortilla
  $10

Steak Tip Quesadilla
With Pico De Gallo, Guacamole and Sour Cream
$12

Chicken Kebab
Chicken, Mushrooms, Peppers and Onions 
with Rice and Salad
$12, Orleans Fancy Dress Karaoke Party October 29th, Prizes for best Dressed, Stop By and try  One of our Seasonal Drafts

Longtrial Harvest
UFO Pumpkin
Sam Octoberfest
Otter creek Stove Pipe Porter, All Pasta Specials $14.95 and served with side salad 

Seafood Casserole
Penne Pasta, Tilapia, Swordfish, Shrimp
Garlic Cream Sauce

Sautéed Chicken
Lo Mein Noodles, Mixed Vegetables, Teriyaki Glaze

Potato Gnocchi 
Asparagus, Shallots, Mozzarella, Pink Tomato Sauce, Chicken Picatta....Open Windows.....Nice Glass of Wine....Beautiful fall day, Have you  thought about your Halloween costume yet??, Its Sunday, a day to relax, eat brunch, watch soccer, watch ALL the NFL games and have a few brews - See you at Orleans, Karaoke tonight 10pm, its fun and its free, Do you fancy yourself a mixologist? Do you have a great cocktail that you know others would love to? Evey month we here at Orleans will pick a costumer created cocktail from this facebook page and feature it on our menu!
, http://youtu.be/lyyFLYNbQpg, The playoffs begin today as the Rays take on the Rangers at 5 pm and the Tigers try and oust the Yankees at 8pm!, Get your Friday started at Orleans!
Chicken Salad Wrap
Lettuce, Tomato, Avocado in a Flour Tortilla
$10

North Carolina Pulled Pork Sandwich
Cheddar Cheese and Crispy Onion Rings
 on a Sweet Portuguese Roll
  $10

Steak Tip Sandwich
Cheddar Cheese, Sautéed Peppers and Onions, Mushrooms, and Spinach on a French Baguette 
$10

Buffalo Chicken Quesadilla
Pico de Gallo, Guacamole and Sour Cream
$10, Heineken Light promo at Orleans tonight! Come taste this delicous beer with us!, Tonights Dinner Specials
Appetizers
French Onion Soup
$3 cup $6 Bowl 
 
Entrees
  			
Prosciutto and Chicken
Shallots, Asparagus, Sweet Peas in
Pink Tomato Sauce, Potato Gnocchi 
$17

Baseball Sirloin
Onion rings, mashed potatoes, grilled asparagus,
In a brandy-peppercorn cream sauce 
$22

Blackened Swordfish
With Sweet Pea Risotto and Hairco
t Vert  Topped with 
Lemon wine sauce 
$19

Beer  Specials 
Sam Adams Latitude 148
Amstel Wheat
Longtrail Harvest
Notch Saison
Pitch Black IPA
Backlash Groundswell Beer
Hooker Munich Lager
Peak Organic Fall Summit
Pretty things Jack D’or $7
Porkslap Farmhouse Ale  (can)  $6      
Pear Magners (btl) $5

Wine Specials
Mirassou Moscato
   Gls $7  Btl  $26
Bridlewood Red Blend 175
Gls $9  Btl $34, College football tonight as the big East opens conference play with University of South Florida taking on Pitt, Do you fancy yourself a mixologist? Do you have a great cocktail that you know others would love to? Evey month we here at Orleans will pick a costumer created cocktail from this facebook page and feature it on our menu!, Grab a bite and a beer at Orleans!
Chicken Salad Wrap
Lettuce, Tomato, Avocado in a Flour Tortilla
$10

North Carolina Pulled Pork Sandwich
Cheddar Cheese and Crispy Onion Rings
 on a Sweet Portuguese Roll
  $10

Steak Tip Sandwich
Cheddar Cheese, Sautéed Peppers and Onions, Mushrooms, and Spinach on a French Baguette 
$10

Turkey Club
Lettuce, Tomato, Bacon and Mayo 
on Multi Grain Bread
$10, There was no joy in Soxville that day as the mighty Crawford slid out.  Drown your sorrows here Sox fans we feel your pain, Knowledge is power and power is overrated! Come on down with your team to test your combined brain power at trivia tonight starting at 8 pm! A cash jackpot as well as other prizes await you!, Rally Caps Tonight At 7pm, Its a night for Comfort Food, Chicken Parm, Orleans Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella on a bed of Penne Pasta......Washed down with a pint of UFO Pumpkin with a cinnamon sugar rim......., UEFA Cup,  Man Utd Vs Basel, Windows are open, Patio is open, We're open for Lunch

BBQ Texas Burger
Cheddar cheese, Bacon, Crispy Onion Rings, BBQ Sauce
is your mouth watering yet..........., Only a few weeks of Patio weather left, 
stop in for Lunch and try Orleans Monte Cristo sandwich
 served with Fresh Fruit, Brunch Drink Specials
Pico de Gallo Bloody Mary - Yummy
Bloody Orange Mimosa - Yummy
Brunch + Cocktails + Football=Orleans, The rivalry really heats up tonight in a must win for the Red Sox.  Come see if they can get it going tonight at 7 pm in the Bronx!, Come in for a great Friday lunch! This afternoon we are featuring a new twist on the classic Southern Po'Boy sandwich by teaming with our buffalo sauce on a great piece of haddock to create a spicy and tasty sandwich.  Come on in and give it a try!, Do you fancy yourself a mixologist? Do you have a great cocktail that you know others would love to? Evey month we here at Orleans will pick a costumer created cocktail from this facebook page and feature it on our menu!, ACC/ Big East (whats left of it) battle as NC State takes on Cincinatti on the gridiron tongiht at 8 pm!, Live acoustic music tonight at 7 pm! Never a cover always a pleasure, Heineken Light promo at Orleans tonight! Come taste this delicous beer with us!, http://youtu.be/-4x1eZSUYYk, Do you fancy yourself a mixologist?  Do you have a great cocktail that you know others would love to?  Evey month we here at Orleans will pick a costumer created cocktail from this facebook page and feature it on our menu!, Baseball all day at Orleans!
On the bright side the Sox cant lose today!, Come in out of the rain and enjoy a Thirsty Thursday at Orleans!
BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich
With Cheddar Cheese and Cole Slaw
$10

Chicken Penne
With Shallots, Asparagus and Spinach 
in a Garlic White Wine Sauce
  $12
 
Tuna Melt
With Cucumber, Bacon and Cheddar Cheese on a Ciabatta Bread
$10

Spicy Steak Tip Quesadilla 
With Pico De Gallo, Guacamole and Sour Cream
$12, Join us Tonight with Sam Adams at 7pm and test your strength with a Stein Hoisting Competition, followed by Trivia at 8pm, teams of 6, cash jackpot, free to play, http://youtu.be/SmVAWKfJ4Go, Catch a day game at Orleans!
Its not hoping the Yankee win its hoping the Rays lose! Rays vs Yankees at 1
Astros vs Reds at 12:30
Brewers vs Cubs at 2:20
Padre vs Rockies at 3:10, Its a perfect Wednesday and the windows and patio are open at Orleans!
Haddock Po’ Boy
With Lettuce, Tomato and Chipotle Aioli 
on a French Baguette
$10

Chicken Curry Stew
With Vegetables and Rice
  $10
 
Tuna Melt
With Cucumber, Bacon and Cheddar Cheese on a Ciabatta Bread
$10

Spicy Steak Tip Quesadilla 
With Pico De Gallo, Guacamole and Sour Cream
$12, Join us tomorrow with Sam Adams at 7pm and test your strength with a Stein Hoisting Competition, followed by Trivia at 8pm, teams of 6, cash jackpot, free to play, Its not raining in Cleveland or Philedelphia (we guess, didnt check the weather) so come on down to Orleans and catch a day game! 
White Sox vs Indians and Nationals vs Phillies at 1 pm, http://youtu.be/bPLWBhNW3FM, Hungry, why wait? Come on down and take a bite out of Orleans!
Haddock Po’ Boy
With Lettuce, Tomato and Chipotle Aioli 
on a French Baguette
$10

Egg Salad Sandwich
With Lettuce and Tomato on Multi Grain Bread
  $10
 
Tuna Melt
With Cucumber, Bacon and Cheddar Cheese on a Ciabatta Bread
$10

Spicy Steak Tip Quesadilla 
With Pico De Gallo, Guacamole and Sour Cream
$12, null, NFL SUNDAY TICKET AT ORLEANS
ALL THE GAMES, ALL THE TIME, Ease into sunday morning with Brunch and a little English Premier League Football
Man U Vs Chelsea, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5DcJTY4ya9w, Come one come all and show us what you got tonight with our kareoke Saturdays starting at 10 pm!, Congratulations  to John Ragozzine. John won the Red Sox tickets!!!, http://youtu.be/sMZwZiU0kKs, Hurry and predict tonights Red Sox/ Rays final score and if you are correct you win tickets to Sundays game.  Come in tonight to see if you win!, Afternoon baseball at Wrigly as the Astros take on the Cubs at 2:20!, Welcome to fall!
Turkey Meatball Sandwich
Topped with Melted Cheddar Cheese and 
Served on Ciabatta Bread. 
$10

Chicken Pesto 
Topped Lettuce, Tomato, Red Peppers, and Melted Swiss
on a French Baguette. $10

Egg Salad Wrap
Topped with Tomato, Lettuce, and Bacon.
$10

Cobb Salad
Topped with Hard Boiled Egg, Avocado, Tomato,
Bacon, and Haricot Vert. Served with Blue Cheese Dressing
$10, The 1st person on here to predict the score of Friday night's Red Sox game will win a pair of tickets to the game on Sunday.  Post your answer anytime from now until the game starts on Friday night.  *One guess per person.
Good luck and GO Red Sox!!, http://youtu.be/lLJf9qJHR3E, Knowledge is power and power is overrated! Come on down with your team to test your combined brain power at trivia tonight starting at 8 pm! A cash jackpot as well as other prizes await you!, Day games abound as the players take the field! Games all day starting at 12:30 catch them all here at Orleans!, Lets keep it going Sox! The drive to the playoffs starts today at 1:35 against the Blue Jays!, Hump day lunch specials!
Tilapia B.L.T.
Served with Remoulade Sauce on Challah Bread
$10

Chicken Florentine Sandwich
Served with Mushrooms, Red Peppers, Spinach, Feta Cheese, Onions and Tomatoes on Ciabatta Bread
  $10
 
North Carolina Pulled Pork Sandwich
Served with Sautéed Peppers and Onions, Onion Rings and Cheddar Cheese on a Bulke Roll 
$10, http://youtu.be/ysP_X_CmE_s, Another great tasty Tuesday at Orleans with these delicous Lunch Specials!
Tilapia B.L.T.
Served on Challah Bread with Mayo on Challah Bread
$10

Turkey Club
Turkey, Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato and Mayo,
Served on Multi Grain Bread 
  $10
 
Tuna Melt
With Tomatoes, Cucumber, Bacon and Cheddar Cheese on a French Baguette
$10

Swordfish Fettuccini
With Shallots, Asparagus and Cherry Tomatoes in a Garlic Cream Sauce
$12, null, Start the Patriots season at Orleans with Corona. 
Promotion starts at 6pm., null, NFL SUNDAY IS BACK!!!
12 TV's, All the games, all the time, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L3JbKimTdMg, First NFL Sunday tomorrow starting at 1 pm catch every game every week here at Orleans all season long!, If youve got pennant fever weve got the cure for you.  All baseball action all season long here at Orleans!, Come one come all and show us what you got tonight with our kareoke Saturdays starting at 10 pm!, The sox look to keep their distance from the surging Rays tonight at 7 pm!, Notre Dame takes on Michigan in the first ever night game at the Big House in Ann Arbor at 8 pm tonight!, Mens Quarterfinal and Womens Semifinal tonight as Murray takes on Nedal and Serena takes on Wozniaki, Appetizers
Sweet Corn Chowder
Cup  $3   Bowl  $6

Entrees
Grilled Swordfish 
Served with Sweet Peas Risotto, 
Grilled Asparagus, Salsa Roja 
  $17 

  			
Butternut Squash Ravioli 
Shitake Mushrooms, Shallots, Sweet Peas, Brussel Sprouts
Maple Cream Sauce
$16

 Grilled Rib eye Steak 
Hand cut Fries, Haricot Vert, Crispy Onion Rings
With black pepper Demi glaze
$20

Pan Seared Scallops
Mashed Potatoes, Baby Carrots, Saffron Cream Sauce
$20, DJ pumpin up the jams tonight at 10 pm here at Orleans. Come on in and get down with your bad self!, http://youtu.be/wa2nLEhUcZ0, Big day at the US Open as Ameicans John Isner and Andy Roddick take the court and try and upset Andy Murray and Rafeal Nadal respectively! First match is at 12 noon. Check it all out here at Orleans!, Get your friday on here at Orleans!
Buffalo Chicken Wrap
Served with Lettuce, Tomato, Onion and Blue Cheese in a Flour Tortilla
$10

PBT
Prosciutto, Basil, Tomato and Fresh Mozzarella on a French Baguette
  $10
 
Steak Tip Quesadilla
Served with Pico de Gallo, Guacamole and Sour Cream
$10

Grilled Salmon
Served Sweet Pea Risotto, Green Beans 
and a Saffron Cream Sauce
$12, Congratulations  to Michelle D who won a tailgate party for her and 20 friends for the NFL game of their choice., Tonight Saints Vs Packers 8:30 on 12 Tv's, Appetizer
Fried Pickles 
$7
Entrees
Grilled Swordfish 
Served with sweet peas risotto, 
Sautéed spinach, in a lemon caper sauce 
$18


Scallops and Shrimp Ravioli
Shallots, tomato, and Brussels sprouts, 
Served in a garlic wine sauce
$19

 Grilled Rib eye Steak 
Mashed potato, Haricot vert, served with black pepper Demi glaze
$20, Step in out of the rain and play some Trivia at Orleans.
Cash jackpot $600, Teams of 6, starts 8pm, it free to play, http://youtu.be/HpLe-qUUGIE, Catch a day game here at Orleans as several cities are actually not cold and miserable! The action starts at noon with the Tigers looking for a sweep over the Indians and continues all day long!, Everyone is on the courts today as two days of hard court action get compressed to one! Catch all the great US Open action here at Orleans!, Get over this cold and rainy hump day with a good beer and our great lunch specials!
Blackened Tilapia BLT
On Challah Bread
Served with French Fries, Soup, or Salad
$10

Tuna Melt 
Topped with Avocado, Bacon, Tomato. and Melted Swiss
On a White or Wheat. Served with Fries, Soup, or Salad
$10

Blackened Chicken Taco Salad
With Lettuce, Tomato, Onion, Black Beans, and Tortilla Chips
Served with Avocado, Pico de Gallo, and Sour Cream
$10, Great tennis today as Americans Isner, Roddick and Young all try and pull off the upets as well as Murray and Nadal taking the courts in Queens.  All the action right here at Orleans!, Dont miss the Heineken beer promo here at Orleans every Thursday night in September starting at 7 pm, Its finally upon us! At last the wait is over and the 2011 NFL Season is here!!
The last two teams to hoist the Lombardi Trophy take the field as the defending champion Grean Bay Packers take the field against the New Orleans Saints at 8 pm Thusday night!!!!!! Catch all the intense action here at Orleans!, Come on in for Tasty Tuesday at Orleans with these great lunch specials!
Grilled Buffalo Chicken Sandwich
Lettuce, Tomato, Bleu Cheese 
$10

Turkey Club Wrap
Turkey, Lettuce, Tomato, Bacon and  Chipotle Mayo
  $10
 
Tuna Melt
House made Tuna Salad, 
Tomato, Cheddar Cheese and  Bacon
$10

Chicken and Chorizo
Shallots, Asparagus,  Cherry Tomatoes
Alfredo Sauce, over Penne Pasta
$12, null, All  Pasta Specials $14.95 and served with side salad 

Butternut Squash Ravioli
Shallots, shitake mushrooms, Sweet Peas
Maple cream  sauce

Chicken and Chorizo
Shallots, Asparagus,  Cherry Tomatoes
Alfredo Sauce, over Penne Pasta

Lobster Penne 
Sweet peas, shitake mushrooms, bacon
Sherry cream sauce

Sautéed swordfish 
Cherry tomatoes, asparagus, 
Garlic white wine sauce with farfelle, This monday is different,  beer, food, cocktails, baseball, us open, golf - See you at Orleans, Stop by the "O" today have lunch or brunch your choice, http://youtu.be/uquBzrZlImY, The Red Sox look to take the rubber match of their series with the AL West leading Rangers this afternoon as Lacky takes on Harrison at 1:35. All the action right here at Orleans!, Great tennis today as Americans Andy Roddick and John Isner take the court as well as Andy Murray and US Open Champion Del Potro all day long!, Come on in and get your brunch and catch all the soccer action today as FC Barcelona takes on FC Porto at 11 am!, Appetizer
New England Clam Chowder
Cup $3    bowl  $6

Entrees
Grilled Swordfish 
Served with twice baked potato, 
Sweet corn, avocado salad
$18


Pan seared Rib eye Steak
Mashed potatoes, grilled asparagus, gorgonzola cheese, white truffel oil
$21

 Half Fried Chicken
Hand cut fries, house coleslaw
$17

Butternut Squash Ravioli
Shallots, shitake mushrooms, sweet peas, maple cream sauce
$16, It's the last unofficial Saturday of summer!  Get out there and enjoy it!  Orleans has all MLB & NCAA games, draft specials, and karaoke tonight.  One more Saturday night..., http://youtu.be/0-lH2nhC_R4, Appetizer
New England Clam Chowder
Cup $3    bowl  $6

Entrees
Grilled Swordfish 
Served with basmati rice, sautéed brussel sprouts
Lemon butter sauce
$18


Pan seared Rib eye Steak
Mashed potatoes, grilled asparagus, gorgonzola cheese, white truffel oil
$21

Roasted Half Chicken
Baked potato, fresh corn
$17

Butternut Squash Ravioli
Shallots, shitake mushrooms, sweet peas, maple cream sauce
$16, Red Sox beating the Yankees  @ 7pm 
Greg Lutrell live accustic music  @ 7pm
Dinner Specials all night
20 draft beers all the time
See you at Orleans !!!!!!!!, Baked  Tilapia 
Served with sweet pea risotto, sautéed spinach
$17

Sweet Roasted Pork Loin
Roasted red bliss potatoes, haricot vert, and topped with a sweet apple glaze
$17

Chicken and Chorizo
with  shallots,  asparagus, tomatoes and fresh fettuccini
in garlic white wine
$18

Grilled Top Steak 
With mashed potatoes, haricot vert, in a black pepper demi glaze
$19, You can catch all the US Tennis Open action live at Orleans
ALL THE GAMES, ALL THE TIME, http://youtu.be/gKaT5uG80Ts, Come on down tonight and show off your big brains at 8 pm! Free to play with a cash grand prize and other prizes., game 2 as the sox look to even the series as Josh Beckett takes the hill against Phil Hughes, http://youtu.be/129kuDCQtHs, Full slate of US Open coverage today as American's Andy Murray and John Isner play as well as Andy Murray and Maria Sharapova amongst many others!, Hump Day lunch specials!
Buffalo Chicken Pizza
Served with Crumpled Blue Cheese, 
Red Peppers and Scallions
$10

Haddock Po’ Boy
With Remoulade Sauce on a French Baguette
  $10
 
Chicken Salad Wrap
With Lettuce, Tomato, Bacon and Avocado
 In a Flour Tortilla
$10

Swordfish Fettuccini
With Garlic White Wine Sauce, Cherry Tomatoes, Asparagus and Shallots
$12, Entrees
Veal Parmesan 
Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, over fresh Fettuccini 
$16

 Grilled Pork Loin
Roasted Red Bliss Potatoes, Haricot Vert, and Topped with a Port Wine Reduction 
$17

Seafood Risotto 
Sautéed Swordfish, Shrimp, and Mussels in a Garlic White Wine Sauce with Asparagus 
$20

Grilled Top Steak 
With Mashed Potatoes, Haricot Vert, in a Black Pepper Demi Glaze
$18, http://youtu.be/co6WMzDOh1o, Its Tasty Tuesday at Orleans with an Open Patio and Windows!
Buffalo Chicken Wrap
Served with Lettuce, Tomato, Onion and Blue Cheese in a Flour Tortilla
$10

Turkey Club
With Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato and Mayo
 on Multi Grain Bread
  $10
 
Chicken Salad Melt
With Lettuce, Tomato and American Cheese
 on a Sweet Portuguese Roll
$10

Spicy Steak Tip Quesadilla
With Pico De Gallo, Guacamole and Sour Cream
$12, Start of a big series tonight between the Sox and Yanks.  Lackey takes on CC "cant beat the Sox" Sabathia at 7 pm tonight!, Full schedule of US Open Tennis coverage today at Orleans. On tap today are Djokavic, Nadal, Ferrer, Wozniacki, Azarenka and Li Na among many others!, WE ARE OPEN FOR BRUNCH
Man utd Vs Arsenal at 11am, http://youtu.be/RXLHUThBib8, WE ARE OPEN FOR BRUNCH!
Its not raining in England (as far as we know) so come on down to Orleans and get a delicous brunch and watch Manchester United take on Arsenal at 11 am!
Dont forget your floaties!, The end is now! if we are all getting washed away anyway why not come down to Orleans for $7 Hurricanes! Remember to use the buddy system and wear appropriate storm attire!, Now featuring 
Hooker Munich Lager, Stop by Orleans, we have an Amstel light promo at 6.30pm and magners at 7.30pm
Irene won't stop us from having fun, Appetizer
New England Clam Chowder
Cup $4 Bowl $6 
Entrees
Grilled Lamb Chop
Mashed Potatoes, Grilled Asparagus and Guinness demi  glaze 
$20

 Grilled Pork Loin
Roasted Red Bliss Potatoes, Haricot Vert, and Topped with a Sweet Chipotle Glaze
$19

Chicken and Broccoli Penne
Sauteed Chicken, Shallots, Asparagus and Broccoli in a Garlic Cream Sauce 
$17

Fried Whole Belly Clams
With Hand Cut French Fries, Coleslaw and Tartar Sauce
$15, Come in to Orleans now before Irene destroys man kind! Specials:
Turkey Panini  Sandwich
Turkey, Ham, Tomato, Honey Mustard, Cheddar Cheese on Ciabatta Bread
$10

Tuna Salad melt   
With Bacon, Cucumber and Swiss Cheese 
on a French Baguette
  $10
 
Haddock Po’boy
With Lettuce, Tomato and Chipotle Aioli on a French Baguette
$10

BLT
With Mayo on White or Wheat Bread
$10, Join us tonight for a Summer wine Tasting from 6-8pm
followed by Greg Lutrell 7pm - 11pm, no cover charge, Appetizer
Caprese Salad
Tomato, Basil, Mozzarella, Balsamic reduction 
$10 
Entrees
Grill top Steak 
Mashed Potatoes, Asparagus and Pepper demi  glaze 
$18


 Lobster Penne
Shallots, Shitakes, Sweet Peas 
Sherry Cream Sauce
$19

Baked Haddock
Sweet Pea Risotto, Haricot Vert, Lemon Butter  Sauce
$17, Thirsty Thursday lunch specials!
Turkey Panini  Sandwich
Turkey, Ham, Tomato, Honey Mustard, Cheddar Cheese on Ciabatta Bread
$10

Tuna Salad melt
With Bacon, Cucumber and Swiss Cheese 
on a French Baguette
  $10
 
Caprese Salad
With Tomato, Fresh Mozzarella, Basil, Balsamic Reduction and Grilled Chicken
$12

BLT
With Mayo on White or Wheat Bread
$10, Tonights Dinner Specials

Appetizer
Feta Cheese and Artichoke Pizza
Broccoli and Red Peppers
$10
All  Pasta Specials $14.95 and served with side salad 
Pork and Beef Bolognese
Over Fettuccini 
Salmon Fettuccini
Shallots, Asparagus, Spinach
Garlic Cream Sauce
Chicken and Prosciutto
Shallots, Sweet Peas, Pink Tomato Sauce
Penne Pasta

Draft Specials
Backlash Groundswell 
Seadog Blueberry
Ipswich Summer Ale
Longtrail Pale Ale
Notch Saison
Pitch Black IPA
Hooker Munich Lager 

Bottle Specials
Porkslap Farmhouse ale 12oz Can $6
Bengali Tiger Six Point Ale  16oz Can  $8
UFO Pumpkin $5

Wine Specials
Mirassou Moscato 
   Gls $7  Btl  $26
Bridlewood Red Blend 175
Gls $9  Btl $34, Join us tonight for Trivia and a chance to win our $450 rollover jackpot!
Wall Photos, DRAFT SPECIALS
Seadog Blueberry
Longtrail Pale Ale
Notch Saison
Pitch Black IPA
Backlash Groundswell Beer
Hooker Munich Lager

CAN SPECIALS
Bengali Tiger Six Point Ale  16oz  $8
Porkslap Farmhouse Ale   $6      
Harpoon Pumpkin Ale (btl) $5

WINE SPECIALS
Mirassou Moscato
Gls $7  Btl  $26

Bridlewood Red Blend 175
Gls $9  Btl $34, Stop By Orleans this week there's lots happening
START THE WEEKEND EARLY
Trivia Wednesday, 8pm, teams of 6, Cash jackpot
Thursday Join us for a Summer wine Tasting from 6-8pm
Friday Amstel light will be here at 6.30pm, followed by Magners Irish Cider at 7.30
Wall Photos, Join us at Orleans on this beautiful day, perfect patio weather, or sit by the open windows inside.
LUNCH SPECIALS

Turkey Gobbler Sandwich
Turkey, Stuffing and Cranberry Sauce
Served on Raisin Bread
$10

Tuna Salad Wrap
With Lettuce, Tomato and Avocado
Served in a Flour Tortilla
  $10

Beef Bolognese
Served with Penne Pasta
$10

Argentinean Steak Sandwich
Avocado, Chipotle Aioli, Lettuce, Tomato and 
Chimichuri, on French Baguette 
$10, Get the week started right with our great lunch specials!
BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich
Topped with Swiss cheese and onion rings of a soft roll
$10

PBT Sandwich 
Proscuitto, basil, tomato and fresh mozzarella on a French baguette
$10

Sirloin Steak Fajitas
Served with black beans, Basmati rice, avocado, sautéed onions and peppers 
with flour tortillas
$10, If you have a song in your heart we have a mike and a beer for you!
Kareoke at 10 pm tonight!, Legs and Eggs at Orleans!
come in and enjoy brunch while watching the English Premier League
Everton vs QPR now
the Chelsea vs West Bromwich Albion at noon, APPETIZERS
Beef and Pork Arancini 
$10 
ENTREES
Blackened Rib Eye Steak
Mashed Potatoes, Asparagus and Pico De Gallo
$20

Pan Seared Salmon
With Fingerling Potatoes, Sautéed Spinach and Saffron Cream Sauce 
$19

Bacon Wrapped Pork Tenderloin
Roasted Red Bliss Potatoes, Haricot Vert and Port Wine Reduction
$18, Day game at Wrigly, does it get any better?
Cubs vs Cardinals at 2 pm!, Get the weekend starte right at Orleans with these great lunch specials!
Blackened Tilapia BLT
Served with Mayo on White Bread
$10

Tuna Salad Melt
Served with Bacon, Avocado and Melted Swiss Cheese on Challah Bread
  $10

Chicken Picatta
Served with Finger Potatoes, Green Beans and Lemon Capers in a White Wine Sauce
$12, Dinner Specials

  Entrees
Grilled Rib Eye Steak
Mashed Potatoes, Asparagus Bleu Cheese Demi Glaze
$20

Pork Saltimbocca
Roasted Red Bliss Potatoes, Prosciutto, Mozzarella, Tomato
$17

Roasted Eggplant and Sundried Tomato Ravioli
With Asparagus, Cherry Tomatoes, and Shallots in a Sherry Cream Sauce 
$17

Blackened Tilapia
With Sweet Pea Risotto, Jalapeno-Pineapple Salsa and Sautéed Spinach
$16, Join us Tonight for live music with Greg Lutrell. Starts 7pm, never a cover charge.
 Enter to win a private Brewery tour for you and up to 20 of your friends with Harpoon. One pint = One raffle ticket., Join us on this beautiful Thursday for Lunch
Fried Chicken Sandwich
Chipotle Aioli, Cheddar Cheese
$10

Texas BBQ Burger
Served with Lettuce, Tomato, Onion Rings, Bacon, BBQ Sauce, Cheddar 
  $12

Apple Chicken Salad Wrap
Lettuce, Tomato, Avocado
$10, Appetizer
Potato Skins
Cheddar cheese, bacon, scallions, and sour cream
$8
  Entrees
Grilled Rib Eye Steak
Mashed potatoes, asparagus bleu cheese demi glaze
$20
Pork Saltimbocca
Roasted potatoes, prosciutto, mozzarella, tomato
$17
Blackened Tilapia
Sweet Pea Risotto
Served with black beans and avocado salsa
$18

Draft  Specials 
Shocktop Belgian White
Seadog Blueberry
Longtrail Pale Ale
Notch Saison
Pitch Black IPA
Dos Equis Amber       
Backlash Groundswell Beer
Hooker Munich Lager
Can Specials
Bengali Tiger Six Point Ale  16oz  $8
Porkslap Farmhouse Ale   $6      
Harpoon Pumpkin Ale (btl) $5
Wine Specials
Mirassou Moscato
   Gls $7  Btl  $2
Bridlewood Red Blend 175
Gls $9  Btl $34, Join us tonight for Trivia and a chance to win our $400 rollover jackpot!
Wall Photos, Join us thursday Aug 18th with Harpoon. Enter to win a private Brewery tour for you and up to 20 of your friends. One pint = One raffle ticket., BEER SPECIALS 
Shocktop Belgian White
Seadog Blueberry0
Ipswich Summer Ale
Longtrail Pale Ale
Notch Pilsner
Pitch Black IPA
Dos Equis Amber
Backlash Groundswell Beer

Can Specials
Bengali Tiger Six Point Ale  16oz  $8
Porkslap Farmhouse Ale   $6      
Harpoon Pumpkin Ale (btl) $5, Entrees
Pan Seared Rib Eye Steak
Mashed potatoes, grilled asparagus, garlic demi glace
$20
Chicken fettuccini
Shallots, asparagus, baby spinach
Garlic cream sauce
$17
Pan seared Tilapia
Sweet Pea Risotto, sautéed spinach, caper white wine sauce
$18, Stop by for Brunch, Bloody Mary and English Premier Soccer
Man Utd against West Brom, Sox vs Mariners; Beckett vs Hernandez at 10 pm tonight, KAREOKE starting at 9 pm tonight! If you have a song in your heart we want to hear it!, Come on down on this super Saturday and enjoy our great dinner specials!
Pan Seared Rib Eye Steak
With Hand Cut French Fries, Onion Rings, Gorgonzola
White truffle oil
$21
Grilled Pork Tenderloin 
House Mashed Potatoes, Sautéed Brussels Sprouts
Port wine reduction
$15
Baked Tilapia
Sweet Pea Risotto, Haricot Vert, Lemon Butter Sauce
$18
Roasted Eggplant & Sun dried Tomato Ravioli
Shallots, Asparagus, Pecorino Romano
Tomato Cream Sauce
$17, DJ tonight starting at 10 pm. Get down with your bad self, enjoy these great Friday lunch specials!
Chicken Florentine Sandwich
Served with Mushroom, Red Pepper, Spinach, Tomatoes, Onions and Feta Cheese 
on a French Baguette
$10

Blackened Salmon BLT
Served with Remoulade Sauce on Challah Bread
  $12

Grape Chicken Salad Wrap
Served with lettuce, avocado, and bacon in a flour tortilla wrap
$10

Steak Cobb Salad
Served Egg, Avocado, Bacon, Chick Peas, Green Beans, Cucumbers and Blue Cheese Dressing
$12, Over 4 channels of PGA Tour Championships today from 1 to 8 pm!, Thirsty Thursday Lunch Specials!
Shepherds Pie 
Ground beef, onions, celery, sweet peas and mashed potatoes and a side salad
$10

Steak Tip Cobb Salad
Served with avocado, bacon, chick peas, cherry tomatoes, cucumber, egg, green beans and blue cheese dressing
  $12

Grape Chicken Salad Wrap
Served with lettuce, avocado, and bacon in a flour tortilla wrap
$10

Steak Fajitas
Served with peppers, onions, avocado, 
black beans and rice
$12, Live acoustic music tonight from 7 to 10 pm. Never a cover, always a pleasure!, ARE YOU READY FOR SOME FOOTBALL!
The most eagerly anticipated preseason game in a long time tonight at 8 pm as the new look Patriots take on the Jacksonville Jaguars!
See if Haynsworth and the Ocho are worth the hype!, If you build it he will come.
Day games at Orleans!
12:10 Padres vs Mets and Royals vs Rays
12:35 Rockies vs Reds and A's vs Blue Jays
1:05 Angels vs Yankees
2:05 Nationals vs Cubs, Join us tonight for Trivia and a chance to win our $350 rollover jackpot!
Wall Photos, Entrees
Salmon and mussels
Grilled Asparagus, Roasted Fingerling
 Potatoes in a red curry cream sauce
$20
Blackened Flank Steak
With House Mashed Potatoes and Haricot Vert
$18
Shepherds Pie 
Ground beef, onions, celery, sweet peas and mashed potatoes  
Served with mixed green salad
$15
Potato Gnocchi
grill chicken, shallots, asparagus, spinach
Garlic white wine sauce
$17, ORLEANS IS NOW POURING BACKLASH BEER
COME IN TRY A PINT, SUPPORT THE NEWEST LOCAL BOSTON BEER COMPANY, null, LUNCH SPECIALS
Shepherds Pie 
Ground beef, onions, celery, sweet peas and mashed potatoes  
$10

Turkey Club
Served with lettuce, tomato, bacon, mayo on multi-grain or white bread
  $10

Grape Chicken Salad Wrap
Served with lettuce, tomato, and bacon in a flour tortilla wrap
$10

All Sandwiches are Served with Your Choice of Soup, 
Salad, or French Fries, Entrees
Salmon and mussel
Grilled Asparagus, Roasted Fingerling
 Potatoes in a red curry cream sauce
$20
Blackened Flank Steak
With House Mashed Potatoes and Haricot Vert
$18
Pan Seared Sea Scallops
With Sautéed Spinach and Sweet Pea Risotto in a lemon wine sauce
$19
Potato Gnocchi
Sauteed chicken, shallots, asparagus, spinach
Garlic white wine sauce
$17, Come in and enjoy our great patio and open windows on this beautiful Tuesday!
Spinach and Steak Tip Salad
Served with Avocado, Walnuts, Tomatos, Carrots and Ranch Dressing 
$11

Lobster Ravioli
Served with Shallots, Asparagus and 
a Pink and Tomato Cream Sauce
  $11

Buffalo Chicken Quesadilla
Served Pico De Gallo, Sour Cream and Guacamole
$10

Turkey Club Wrap
Served with Lettuce, Tomato, Bacon and Chipotle Mayo in a Flour Tortilla
$10, BEER SPECIALS
Bengali Tiger Six Point Ale  16oz  $8
Porkslap Farmhouse Ale   $6
Dos Equis Amber Draft $5

ROTATING LINES
Shock Top $6
Sam Adams Summer Ale $6
Ipswich Summer Ale $6
Long Trail Pale Ale $6
Notch Pilsner $6
Harpoon Summer $6
Sea Dog Blueberry $6, Monday Lunch Specials


Steak Fajitas
Served with Onion, Red Peppers, Rice, Black Beans, Sour Cream, Guacamole, Pico De Gallo and 
2 Flour Tortillas  
$10

Blackened Salmon BLT
Served with Remoulade Sauce on White or Wheat
  $10

Chicken Penne Pasta
Served in Alfredo Sauce with Broccoli
$10, Red Sox V's Yankees
7.10pm J. Lester against B.Colon, Now Serving Porkslap Farmhouse Ale, Friday Dinner specials

Fried Pickles
Spicy remolded
$7
Grilled Swordfish
Sweet pea risotto, sautéed spinach,
In a lobster broth sauce
$17
Grilled Flat Steak
Served with mashed potatoes,  sautéed onions and peppers
In a horseradish demi-glaze
$19
Lobster Ravioli
Shitake mushrooms, shallots, asparagus,
sherry cream sauce
$18
Chicken Picatta
Sliced red bliss potatoes, haricot vert
Lemon caper sauce
$16, Fried Pickles
Spicy remolded
$7
Grilled Swordfish
Sweet peas, risotto, sautéed spinach,
In a lobster broth sauce
$19
Grilled Filet Mignon
Served with mashed potatoes, and asparagus
In a black pepper demi-glaze
$20
Beef Tacos
Served with rice and beans
$15
Sautéed Chicken
Shallots, asparagus, collard greens
Garlic white wine sauce over penne pasta
$16, Live acoustic music 7-10 pm. Never a cover always a pleasure!, "Why are you shaking me off?"
"I want to announce my presence with authority" Bull Durham
Baseball Day Games today at Orleans:
12:10 Toronto vs Tampa Bay
1:05 Texas vs Detroit, Get your thirsty Thursday on here at Orleans!
Pulled  Pork Sandwich
With bbq sauce, swiss cheese and chipotle mayo
on a Portuguese sweet roll
$10

Buffalo Chicken Wrap
With lettuce, tomato, onion and blue cheese wrapped in a flour tortilla
  $10

Turkey Club
With lettuce, tomato, bacon and mayo on multigrain bread
$10

Haddock Po’ Boy
Fried haddock with chipotle aioli, lettuce and tomato on a French baguette
$10, Join us tonight for Trivia and a chance to win our $300 rollover jackpot!, Congratulations to Jared V. from Newtonville- the winner of our monthly dinner for two! Don't forget to fill out an entry form next time you dine with us!, Blackened Chicken Cobb Salad
Green beans, avocado, bacon, eggs, bleu cheese crumble
Bleu cheese dressing
$12
Beef Bolognese
Daves’ fresh fettuccini
$16
Pan Seared Salmon
Roasted Red Bliss Potatoes, shallots, asparagus, grape tomatoes,
Garlic white wine sauce
$19
Roasted  Chicken Breast
Stuffed with spinach, chorizo, peppers, onions
With mashed potatoes and a mushroom gravy
$17, Enjoy a Tasty Tuesday here at Orleans with a cold beer and delicous lunch!
Open Faced Tuna Salad Melt
With Tomato and American Cheese 
$10

Blackened Chicken Cobb Salad
With Egg, Bacon, Avocado, Chick Peas
 and Blue Cheese Dressing
  $11

PBT Sandwich
Prosciutto, Basil, Tomato and Fresh Mozzarella
 $10

Shepherd’s Pie
Ground Beef, Celery, Onion and Sweet Peas Topped with Creamy Mashed Potatoes
$10, Red Sox Vs Indians, 7pm
Beckett against Huff, Wine Specials
Mirassou Moscato 
   Gls $7  Btl  $26

Bridlewood Red Blend 175
Gls $9  Btl $34, All  Pasta Specials $14.95 and served with side salad 
Beef Bolognese
Served with angel hair pasta

Swordfish Fettuccini 
 With Shallots, Asparagus, and Cherry Tomatoes
Served in a garlic white wine sauce

Chicken and Prosciutto 
Broccoli, sweet peas, and Penne Pasta
Served in a garlic cream sauce, Serving Brunch from 9am-3pm on the Patio, On Demand DJs tonght starting at 9:30! Good jams and some fun Kareoke tonight at Orleans!, The sox look to break a four game losing streek to the white sox tonight @ 7 pm. Come root them on here at Orleans!, Get your brunch on at Orleans today from 9 to 3! good eats and spicy bloody marys a classic combo!, Beef taco plate 
Sliced southwestern flatiron steak, lettuce, baja aioli, chimichurri, black beans, rice, guacamole, pico de gallo
$15
Grilled Swordfish 
White bean ragu, sautéed spinach
$19
Ribeye Steak
Pan seared ribeye served with Hand cut fries, grilled asparagus, bleu cheese demi glace
$20
Sautéed Chicken
Shallots, asparagus and zucchini, pesto cream sauce, over penne pasta
$17, DJ tonight starting at 10 pm.  Get down with your bad self!, Now serving Smuttynose IPA on draght!, FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY! Get your weekend started at Orleans!
Tuna Salad Melt
With Celery, Onion, Cucumber, Bacon 
and Cheddar Cheese on Ciabatta Bread
$10

Turkey Club Wrap
With Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato and Mayo 
  $10

PBT Sandwich
Prosciutto, Basil, Tomato and Fresh Mozzarella
 on Ciabatta Bread
$10

Shepherd’s Pie
Ground Beef, Celery, Onion and Sweet Peas Topped with Creamy Mashed Potatoes
$10, Tonights Dinner Specials
Lobster Salad Sliders 
Three sliders with lobster, celery, and onions
Served with a side of homemade chips
$12
Beef taco plate 
Sliced southwestern flatiron steak, lettuce, baja aioli, chimichurri, black beans, rice, guacamole, pico de gallo
$15
Baked Tilapia 
Topped with panko crumbs, and served with sweet sea risotto, 
haricot vert and lemon wine sauce
$18
Ribeye Steak
Pan seared ribeye served with mashed potatoes and sautéed spinach
In a demi-glaze
$19
.
Draft  Specials 
SmuttyNose IPA
Seadog Blueberry
Ipswich Summer Ale
Longtrail Pale Ale
Notch Pilsner
Dos Equis Amber
Can  Specials
Bengali Tiger Six Point Ale  16oz  $8
Porkslap Farmhouse Ale   $6

Bottle Specials
Magners Pear cider $5
Calypso Bay Spritz - Ruby Red Citrus or Pineapple Mandarin Orange
Gluten Free/99 Calories  $6

Wine Specials
Firesteed Pinot Gris
Oregon 2008      Gls $9  Btl  $34

Lamberti Prosecco
Italy (extra dry)     Gls $10   Btl $38, Live acoustic music tonight from 7 to 10 pm.  Never a cover charge!, See if Pedroia can extend his hitting streak this afternoon as the sox close out their series with the Royals at 1, Start another great thirsty thursday  with these choice lunch specials!
Tuna Salad Melt
With Celery, Onion, Cucumber, Bacon 
and Cheddar Cheese on Ciabatta Bread $10
Turkey Club Wrap With Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato$10
Chicken Farfelle Pasta
Chicken, Chorizo, Chopped Asparagus, Tomato and a Pesto Cream Sauce $10
Shepherd’s Pie
Ground Beef, Celery, Onion and Sweet Peas Topped with Creamy Mashed Potatoes
$10, Trivia tonight at 8 pm. Cash Prizes!, Enjoy this Beautiful day with a cold beer and our great lunch specials!
Yankee Panini
Turkey, Ham, Cheddar Cheese, Tomato and Honey Mustard on a French Baguette
$10

Pesto Chicken Sandwich
With Roasted Red Peppers and Swiss Cheese
 on Bulke Roll
  $10

Shepherd’s Pie
Ground Beef, Celery, Onion and Sweet Peas Topped with Creamy Mashed Potatoes
$10, "The one constant through all the years has been baseball. The people will come Ray, the people will most definetly come."
Angels vs Indians at 12:10
Mariners vs Yankees at 1:10
Tigers vs White Sox at 2:10, Delicous lunch specials for a pleasent Tuesday!
Blackened Tilapia Sandwich
With Lettuce, Tomato and Chipotle Mayo 
on Challah Bread
$10

Pesto Chicken Sandwich
With Roasted Red Peppers and Swiss Cheese on a French Baguette
  $10

Turkey Club
With Lettuce, Tomato, Bacon and Mayo 
Served on White Bread
$10, All  Pasta Specials $14.95 and served with side salad 

Pan Seared Tilapia
Over Linguine with shallots, asparagus, cherry tomatoes
Lemon garlic white wine sauce

Chicken and Prosciutto Farfalle
With Spinach, Broccoli and shallots 
in a Garlic Cream Sauce

Chicken Parm 
Breaded chicken Cutlet, house marinara, mozzarella
Over Penne Pasta, Red Sox Vs Mariners 7.10pm
Beckett against Beaven, Drink Specials
Pretty Things, American Darling
Seadog Blueberry
Ipswich Summer Ale
Longtrail Pale Ale
Notch Pilsner
Dos Equis Amber

Bottle Specials
Magners Pear cider $5
Calypso Bay Spritz - Ruby Red Citrus or Pineapple Mandarin Orange
Gluten Free/99 Calories  $6

Wine Specials
Firesteed Pinot Gris
Oregon 2008      Gls $9  Btl  $34

Lamberti Prosecco
Italy (extra dry)     Gls $10   Btl $38, Join us Tonight For Karaoke! Come Sing or Request Your Favorite Song With Our Karaoke DJ!!, House Made Gazpacho Topped with Sour Cream
Cup $4 Bowl $6


Summer Chicken Salad
Iceberg Lettuce, Tomato, Cucumber, and Onions Topped with Grape Chicken Salad 
With Champagne Vinaigrette 
$12

Blackened Tilapia  
With House Potato Salad and a Cajun Wine Sauce
$17

Pan Seared Sea Scallops 
With Sweet Pea Risotto, Grilled Asparagus and Lobster Broth
$20

Grilled Filet Mignon 
With House Mashed Potatoes, Steamed Broccoli and Horseradish Demi-Glace
$21, DJ pumping up the jams (and the AC) tonight at 10 pm at Orleans!!, Beat the heat tonight at Orleans with our mouth watering dinner specials!
House Made Gazpacho Topped with Sour Cream
Cup $4 Bowl $6


Summer Chicken Salad
Iceberg Lettuce, Tomato, Cucumber, and Onions Topped with Grape Chicken Salad 
With Champagne Vinaigrette 
$12

Blackened Tilapia  
With House Potato Salad and a Cajun Wine Sauce
$17

Pan Seared Sea Scallops 
With Sweet Pea Risotto, Grilled Asparagus and Lobster Broth
$20

Grilled Filet Mignon 
With House Mashed Potatoes, Steamed Broccoli and Horseradish Demi-Glace
$21, End the Reign! the sox look to take down King Felix and the Mariners tonight at 7 pm!, Yes!! Live music starts @ 7pm tonight..., Live music tonight 7 to 10 pm no cover!, Mets vs Cardinals and Padres vs Marlins at 12:10
Mariners vs Blue Jays at 12:30
Braves at Rockies at 3:10
Rangers at Angels at 3:30, Come in and beat this oppressive heat with a cold beer and great food!!
Grape Chicken Salad Sandwich
Served with Lettuce, Tomato and American Cheese on Cinnamon Raison Bread
$10
The Turkey Gobbler
Stuffing and Cranberry on Multi Grain Bread$10
Buffalo Chicken Wrap with Lettuce, Tomato, Onion and Blue Cheese$10
Beef Bolognese With Celery, Onion and Carrots in a Plum Tomato Sauce Over Farfelle Pasta $10, ORLEANS

Dinner Specials
Fried Pickles
$7
New England Clam Chowder
Cup $4 Bowl $6


Beef Bolognese 
With Celery, Onion and Carrots in a Plum Tomato Sauce Over Farfelle Pasta
$16

Pan Seared Salmon 
With Roasted Red Bliss Potatoes, Shallots, Asparagus, Tomatoes And Lemon Wine Sauce
$18

 Blackened Rib eye 
With Horseradish Mashed Potatoes, Onion Rings 
$19



Drink Specials
Pretty Things, American Darling
Seadog Blueberry
Ipswich Summer Ale
Longtrail Pale Ale
Notch Pilsner
Dos Equis Amber

Bottle Specials
Magners Pear cider $5
Calypso Bay Spritz - Ruby Red Citrus or Pineapple Mandarin Orange
Gluten Free/99 Calories  $6

Wine Specials
Firesteed Pinot Gris
Oregon 2008      Gls $9  Btl  $34, Join us tonight for our $500 trivia Jackpot!, What do you do when there is a heat advisory, come to Orleans, enjoy the AC, and a cool glass of 
Oregons best Firesteed Pinot Gris,
The 2008 vintage is a well balanced wine it offers "aromas of tropical fruit, citrus and green apple. Mouthwatering, its flavors of ripe white peach and Crenshaw melon are balanced by the wine's lively acidity.", New England Clam Chowder
Cup $4 Bowl $6


Chicken and Chorizo Fettuccini 
With Shallots, Asparagus and Grape Tomatoes in a Cajun Cream Sauce
$17

Blackened Tilapia 
With Basmati Rice and a Black Bean Avocado Salsa
$18


Grilled Ribeye 
With House Mashed Potatoes, Onion Rings and Black Pepper Demi-Glace 
$19, Enjoy a great Tuesday at Orleans with these wonderful lunch specials!
Chicken Fettuccini
Broccoli and Garlic Cream Sauce
$11

Open Faced Tuna Melt
Served with Tomato and Cheddar Cheese on an English Muffin
  $10

Turkey Tip Cobb Salad
Served with Bacon, Avocado, Egg, Crumbled Blue Cheese and a Balsamic Vinaigrette
$11, Red Sox Vs Orioles @ 7.05pm
Wakefield against Bergesen
Can Tim Wakefield win his 199th!!!, Stop By Orleans and Try on of our local Beers

Notch Session Pils, brewwed in Ipswich MA, "salutes the unfiltered Pilsners of the Czech Republic" 

Pretty Things, American Darling. Owners live in Cambridge ma, and Brew pretty things in Buzzards Bay Brewery, Westport

Blue hills Brewery, Imperial red IPA, Canton Ma, All  Pasta Specials $14.95 and served with side salad 
New England Clam Chowder
Cup $4 Bowl $6

 Lobster Penne
Bacon, Mushrooms, Shallots, and Sweet Peas
In a Sherry Cream Sauce

Chicken and Chorizo Farfalle
With Asparagus and Broccoli in a Garlic White Wine Cream Sauce

Shrimp Fettuccini 
Cherry Tomatoes, Spinach, in a Garlic White Wine Sauce

Dessert Special
Homemade Strawberry Shortcake
$7, Lunch Specials

Chicken Florentine
Grilled chicken breast, garlic spinach, and sautéed onion, mushrooms and red peppers on a French baguette
Served with choice of soup, salad, or hand-cut fries
$10

Grilled Turkey Tips 
With basmati rice and sautéed garlic broccoli
$10

Pan Seared Tilapia Picatta
With roasted red bliss potatoes, haricot vert, in a caper and white wine sauce 
$12, ORLEANS
Dinner Specials
New England Clam Chowder
Cup $4 Bowl $6

Blackened Turkey Tips
With Bacon Mashed Potatoes and Sautéed Spinach d
$14

Pan Seared Tilapia Picatta 
With Roasted Red Bliss Potatoes, Haricot Vert and a Caper White Wine Sauce
$18

Pan Seared Sea Scallops 
With Broccoli, Grape Tomatoes, Shallots in a Lemon White Wine Sauce Over Linguine  
$19

Pan Seared Ribeye 
With House Mashed Potatoes, Grilled Asparagus 
Topped with Gorgonzola Cheese and White Truffle Oil 
$20

Drink Specials
Pretty Things, American Darling
Seadog Blueberry
Wormtown Blonde Cougar
Longtrail Pale Ale
Notch Pilsner
Dos Equis Amber

Bottle Specials
Magners Pear cider $5
Calypso Bay Spritz - Ruby Red Citrus or Pineapple Mandarin Orange
Gluten Free/99 Calories  $6
Wine Specials
Firesteed Pinot Gris
Oregon 2008
Gls $9  Btl  $34
Lamberti Prosecco
Italy (extra dry)
Gls $10   Btl $38, Join us Tonight For Karaoke! Come Sing or Request Your Favorite Song With Our Karaoke DJ!!, Dinner Specials
New England Clam Chowder
Cup $4 Bowl $6

Blackened Turkey Tips
Served with Iceberg Lettuce, Tomato, Onion, Cucumber and Blue cheese dressing
$14

Chicken & Chorizo Penne
With Shallots, Asparagus, and Grape Tomatoes in a Cajun Cream Sauce
$17

Pan Seared Sea Scallops 
With Sweet Pea Risotto, Sautéed Spinach and a Lemon White Wine Sauce 
$20

Pan Seared Ribeye 
With Hand Cut French Fries, Grilled Asparagus 
Topped with Gorgonzola Cheese and White Truffle Oil 
$21, DJ pumpin the jams at 10 pm at Orleans!, Amstel Light promo tonight at Orleans from 5:30 to 6:15! Giveaways and other great stuff!, The Sox look to keep the momentum going in the second half tonight at 7:10 when they start a critical series vs the Rays. Catch all the action on our 13 HD tvs!, Marlins vs Cubs at 2:20, Continuing coverage of the Open Championship till 3 pm today! See if US Open Champ Rory McIlroy make up ground on the leaders today, Get your weekend started early on the patio or in front of the windows!
Spicy Steak Tip Quesadilla
Served with Pico De Gallo, Guacamole 
and Sour Cream
$12

Turkey Club
Served with Lettuce, Tomato, Bacon and Mayo on your choice of 3 Pieces of White or Multi Grain Bread
  $10

PBT Sandwich
Prosciutto, Basil, Tomato, Fresh Mozzarella and Basil Aioli on Ciabatta Bread
$10, Greg Luttrell live 7pm, We never have a cover., full coverage of 4 channels of The Open Championship from Sandwich, England till 4 pm Today!, The windows and patio are open come in and enjoy a great lunch today!
Spicy Steak Tip Quesadilla
Served with Pico De Gallo, Sour Cream and Guacamole 
$12

Turkey Club
Served with Lettuce, Tomato, Bacon and Mayo on your choice of 3 Slices of White or Multi Grain Bread
  $10

PBT Sandwich
Prosciutto, Basil, Tomato, Fresh Mozzarella and Basil Aioli on a French Baguette 
$10, ORLEANS

Dinner Specials
Potato Pizza
Sliced Red Bliss Potatoes with Bacon, Red Onion and BBQ Sauce
Topped with Sour Cream
$10

Potato and Ricotta Gnocchi 
With Grilled Chicken, Shallots, Asparagus, and Sweet Peas in a Garlic White Wine Sauce
$17

Baked Haddock
Panko crusted Haddock, served with Brown Rice and Haricot Vert 
In a Lemon Wine Sauce 
$18

Grilled Beef Tenderloin
With Mashed Potatoes and Grilled Asparagus and Topped with a Black Pepper Demi Glaze
$19

Drink Specials
Pretty Things, American Darling
Seadog Blueberry
Wormtown Blonde Cougar
Longtrail Pale Ale
Notch Pilsner
Dos Equis Amber

Bottle Specials
Magners Pear cider 
$5
Calypso Bay Spritz - Ruby Red Citrus or Pineapple Mandarin Orange
Gluten Free/99 Calories  
$6

Wine Specials 
Firesteed Pinot Grigio Oregon 2008
Gls $9  Btl  $34
Lamberti Prosecco
Italy (extra dry)
Gls $10   Btl $38, Join us tonight for our $450 trivia Jackpot!, Womens World Cup action as the USA tries to keep the magic going against France at 12 o'clock today. Catch all the action on our big screen tvs!, Enjoy these great lunch specials and a cold beer!
Haddock Po Boy 
Lettuce, Tomato and Remoulade Sauce 
on a French Baguette
$10

Chicken Florentine Sandwich
Served with Spinach, Red Peppers 
and Feta Cheese on Ciabatta Bread
$10

Beef Bolognese
Served Over Penne Pasta
$11, Check out our All Star Specials!
Taco Pizza
With Ground Beef, Jack Cheese, Lettuce, Sour Cream, Guacamole, and Tortilla Chips
$10

Potato and Ricotta Gnocchi 
With Grilled Chicken, Shallots, Asparagus, and Sweet Peas in a Garlic White Wine Sauce
$17

Beef Bolognaise
Served over angel hair pasta
$16

Grilled Beef Tenderloin
With Mashed Potatoes and Grilled Asparagus and Topped with a Black Pepper Demi Glaze
$18, Come in and see Youkilis, A Gone and Papi take on the best of the National League tonight at 8 pm! Plus the added bonus of not having to root for Jeter and Arod in an All Star Game!, Come in and beat the heat with these great lunch specials!
Tuna Salad Wrap
Lettuce, Tomato and Bacon in a Flour Tortilla
$10

Grilled Buffalo Chicken Sandwich
With Lettuce, Tomato, Onion 
and Swiss Cheese a Bulke Roll
$10

Beef Bolognese
Served Over Angel Hair Pasta
$11, Dinner Specials
New England Clam Chowder
Cup $4 Bowl $6


Taco Pizza
With Ground Beef, Jack Cheese, Lettuce, Sour Cream, Guacamole, and Tortilla Chips
$10

Chicken Piccata
Pan Seared Chicken Breast with Sliced Red Bliss Potatoes, Haricot Vert
In a Lemon Caper White Wine Sauce
$17

Beef Bolognaise
Served over Dave’s Fresh Fettuccini
$16

T-Bone Steak
Topped with a Horseradish Demi-Glaze, Served with Mashed Potatoes and Grilled Asparagus
$25

Drink Specials
Pretty Things, American Darling
Seadog Blueberry
Wormtown Blonde Cougar
Longtrail Pale Ale
Notch Pilsner
Dos Equis Amber

Bottle Specials
Magners Pear cider $5
Calypso Bay Spritz - Ruby Red Citrus or Pineapple Mandarin Orange
Gluten Free/99 Calories  $6
Wine Specials
Firesteed Pinot Gris
Oregon 2008
Gls $9  Btl  $34
Lamberti Prosecco
Italy (extra dry)
Gls $10   Btl $38, Dinner Specials
New England Clam Chowder 
Cup $4 Bowl $6
Taco Pizza
With Ground Beef, Jack Cheese, Lettuce, Sour Cream, Guacamole, and Tortilla Chips
$10
 Chicken Piccata 
Pan Seared Chicken Breast with Sliced Red Bliss Potatoes, Haricot Vert 
in a Lemon Caper White Wine Sauce
$17

Beef Bolognaise  
Served over Dave’s Fresh Fettuccini 
$16
T-Bone Steak 
Topped with a Horseradish Demi-Glaze Served Mashed Potatoes and Grilled Asparagus
$25
Drink Specials
Pretty Things, American Darling
Seadog Blueberry
Wormtown Blonde Cougar
Longtrail Pale Ale
Notch Pilsner
Dos Equis Amber

Bottle Specials
Magners Pear cider $5
Calypso Bay Spritz - Ruby Red Citrus or Pineapple Mandarin Orange
Gluten Free/99 Calories  $6
Wine Specials

Firesteed Pinot Gris
Oregon 2008
Gls $9  Btl  $34
Lamberti Prosecco, Round 3 of the Heavyweight title fight between the Sox and Orioles tonight at 7 pm!, Join us Tonight For Karaoke! Come Sing or Request Your Favorite Song With Our Karaoke DJ!!, Afternoon baseball at Orleans today as the Yankees and Rays play at 1 and the Phillies and Braves take the field at 4!, Womens World Cup action today as England takes on France at Noon and Defending Champion Germany plays Japan at 2:45, Come in out of the heat and enjoy our great brunch!, Greg Luttrell live 7pm, We never have a cover., Stop by Orleans tomorrow from 8-10pm for our Calypso Bay Spritz Promo
We have 2 delicious flavors - Ruby Red Citrus, Pineapple Mandarin Orange
Only has 99 calories, gluten free and tastesd great in the heat!!, Dinner Specials

Gazpacho Soup
Topped with sour cream
Cup $4 Bowl $6

Blackened Chicken Salad
Chicken served with iceberg lettuce, tomato, onion, cucumber
And blue cheese dressing
$12

Sautéed Chicken & Prosciutto
Shallots, Asparagus, Capers, Plum Tomato Sauce, Over Fresh Fettuccine
$17

Seafood Risotto
Shrimp, Salmon, and Mussels ,In a lobster sauce
$19

Beef Medallions
Mashed potatoes and grilled asparagus 
Served in a blue cheese demi glaze 
$18, Pllllaaaaaaayyyyy Ball!
Rockies vs Braves at 1:10, Cold beer on a hot day at Orleans!
Curry Chicken Salad Wrap
Served with Lettuce, Tomato and Avocado 
in a Flour Tortilla
$10

Turkey Gobbler
Turkey, Stuffing and Cranberry on 
Cinnamon Raison Bread
  $10

Tuna Salad Melt
Served with Bacon, Cheddar Cheese and Cucumber
 on Ciabatta Bread
$10, Join us tonight for our $400 trivia Jackpot!, Some good ol' fashioned afternoon baseball at Orleans today:
Tamba Bay takes on Minnesota at 1:10 
Royals vs White sox and Arizon vs Milwakee at 2
Tigers vs Angels and Seatle vs Oakland at 3, USA USA
Great Women's World Cup action today as The US women take on Sweden at 2:45 to close out group play! also playing today are Australia vs Norway and Brazil vs Equatorial Guinea at noon and North Korea vs Colombia at 2:45!, take a break from the heat!
Blackened Chicken Salad
Chicken served on top of Iceburg Lettuce with Tomato, Cucumber and Blue Cheese Dressing
$10

Turkey Gobbler
Turkey, Stuffing and Cranberry on 
Cinnamon Raison Bread
  $10

Tuna Salad Melt
Served with Bacon, Cheddar Cheese and Cucumber
 on Ciabatta Bread
$10

Buffalo Chicken Wrap
Served Lettuce, Tomato and Blue Cheese 
in a Flour Tortilla, Congratulations Larry Abare for winning June's dinner for two at Orleans, Dinner Specials

Porcini Ravioli
Leeks, Mushrooms, Sherry Cream Sauce
$16


Blackened Salmon
Roasted Red Bliss Potatoes, Sautéed Spinach, Chimicuri Sauce
$19


Grilled Rib Eye Steak
Mashed Potatoes, Grilled Asparagus, Bleu cheese Demi Glace
$20, Four World Cup Games this afternoon! Japan vs England and New Zealand vs Mexico at 12:15; Canada vs. Nigeria and France vs Germany at 2:45, Take a break from the heat with a cold beer and these great lunch specials!
BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich
Served with Roasted Red Pepper, Black Onion, Swiss Cheese and Onion Rings on a Bulke Roll
$10

Turkey Club
Served with Lettuce, Tomato, Bacon and Mayo on Your Choice of White or Multi Grain Bread
$10

Blackened Salmon BLT
Served with Remoulade Sauce on Challah Bread
$12, Don't like crowds, but want to see the fireworks, watch them at Orleans
on one of our 12HD TVs, Happy 4th of July, 
Orleans is open serving lunch with brunch specials

Drunken French Toast
Our drunken batter
Choice of: challah or cinnamon, pecan & raisin bread 
$10

Breakfast Pizza 
Jack cheese, bacon, andouille sausage, scallions, topped with a fried egg
$10

Orleans Omelette
Caramelized onions, andouille sausage, red peppers, Swiss cheese
$10

Open Faced Omelette
Spinach, onion, red peppers, goat cheese
$10

Turkey Club
Turkey, lettuce, tomato, applewood smoked bacon
Choice of: whole wheat or white
Served with hand-cut fries, soup or salad
$10, Whats more American than rooting on team USA in the Women's World Cup as they battle Colombia at 11:45? Watching it on TV drinking a beer!, Wimbledon Ladies final at 10 am!, Come in and enjoy our great brunch by the windows or on the patio!, Friday night Specials

New England Clam Chowder
Cup $4 Bowl $6

Entrees  

Pan Seared Rib Eye
House Mashed Potatoes, Grilled Asparagus
Topped with Gorgonzola Cheese & White Truffle Oil
$20

BBQ Ribs 
Hand Cut French Fries and House Coleslaw 
$15

Lobster Salad Sliders
Three Sliders with House Made Chips
$12, Women's World Cup New Zealand vs England @ 12:15, Phillies vs Blue Jays at 1 pm and the battle of Chicago resumes as the Cubs take on the White Sox at 2:20, Will a brit stop the Spanish Armada again? Find out today when Andy Murray takes on Rafael Nadal in the Men's Quarterfinals!, Get a head start on the three day weekend by the windows or on the patio!
Orleans BPT
Proscuitto, Basil, Tomatoes and Fresh Mozzarella on a French Baguette
$10

Yankee Panini
Turkey, Ham, Bacon, Tomato, Swiss Cheese and Honey Mustard on Ciabatta Bread
$10

Meatball Linguini
Served with Tomato Sauce 
$10

Chicken Piccata
Served with Capers, Lemon White Wine Sauce, Red Bliss Tomatoes and Asparagus
$12, Congratulations Harris Schnare winner of red sox tickets. Thank you Harpoon for Sponsoring., Harpoon Raffle at Orleans tonight at 8 O'clock. Come on in for a chance to win Red Sox tickets and some great Harpoon Swag!, Ladies Quarterfinal Action from Wimbledon including former Champion Maria Sharapova!, Catch the Sox try and avoid a sweep against the Phillies at 1 pm today!, Get an early Thirsty Thursday start with these terrific lunch specials!
Grape Chicken Salad Wrap
With Lettuce, Tomato and Bacon in a Flour Tortilla
$10

Haddock Po’Boy 
Served with Lettuce, Tomato, Remoulade Sauce on a French Baguette
$10

Meatball Sandwich
Served with Tomato Sauce and American Cheese on Grilled Ciabatta Bread
$10, Join us tonight for our $350 trivia Jackpot!, Men's Quarterfinal action today! The lone American still alive Marty Fish takes on Defending Champ Rafael Nadal and Brit Andy Murray takes on Feliciano Lopez, Get a break from the heat with a cold beer and these great lunch specials!
Grape Chicken Salad Wrap
With Lettuce, Tomato and Bacon in a Flour Tortilla $10
Spicy Steak Tip Quesadilla
Served with Pico De Gallo, Sour Cream and Guacamole $12
Meatball Sandwich
Served with Tomato Sauce and American Cheese on a French Baguette $10, Come check out the delicous new additions to our menu including the Thai Noodle Salad!, Now Featuring

Blonde Cougar Summer Ale 2011 (Summer Seasonal)

 5.1% A.B.V.
18 I.B.U.'s

Light golden color from use of American grown pale malted barley, flaked maize, and MA grown wheat. Slightly sweet malt aroma continues into the flavor. Balanced by light hop bitterness and flavor. Finishes slightly dry. An easy drinking Blonde Ale perfect for the summer., Entrees  
Sliced Roast Pork Loin
Mashed Potatoes, sautéed Spinach, Honey Peach Glaze
18

Pan seared Rib Eye
Hand cut Fries, Crispy Onion Rings, Topped with Gorgonzola Cheese & Truffle Oil
$21

Lobster Roll
Hand Cut Fries and Coleslaw
$14.95

Spaghetti and Meatballs
Beef Meatballs, Plum Tomato Sauce, Pecorino Romano
$16, Drink Specials
Pretty Things, American Darling
Seadog Blueberry
Wormtown Blonde Cougar
Longtrail Pale Ale
Notch Pilsneer
Dos Equis Amber

Bottle Specials
Magners Pear cider $5
Calypso Bay Spritz - Ruby Red Citrus or Pineapple Mandarin Orange
Gluten Free/99 Calories  $6

Wine Specials
14 Hands 2009, Hot To Trot, 
Red Blend, Washington State 
Gls $8   Btl $30

Firesteed,  Pinot Gris
2008 Oregon
Gls  $9   Btl  $34, All  Pasta Specials $14.95 and served with side salad 
 Lobster Penne
Bacon, Leeks, Mushrooms, Sweet Peas
Garlic Cream Sauce

Ricotta Gnocchi
Spinach, Asparagus, Green Beans,
Fresh Mozzarella, Pink Tomato Sauce

Spaghetti and Meatballs
Beef Meatballs, Plum Tomato Sauce, Pecorino Romano, Catch ALL the fourth round Tennis action, Come join us for Lunch on this beautiful Monday, Windows are open, Patio is open

Lunch Specials

Tuna Salad Wrap
Lettuce, tomato, and avocado
$10

Breakfast Quesadilla 
Pico de Gallo, sour cream, and guacamole 
$10

BBQ Texas Burger 
Onion Rings, Bacon, and Cheddar Cheese 
$10, New England Clam Chowder
Cup $4 Bowl $6

Entrees  
Sliced Roast Pork Loin
Mashed Potatoes, sautéed Spinach, Honey Peach Glaze
18

Pan seared Rib Eye
Hand cut Fries, Crispy Onion Rings, Topped with Gorgonzola Cheese & Truffle Oil
$21

Lobster Penne
Leeks, Mushrooms, Sweet Peas, and Bacon in a White Wine Sauce
$20

Three Cheese Tortellini
Blackened Chicken, Asparagus, Shallots, Spinach in a Pesto Cream Sauce
$17, Sun is Shining, Patio is Open, See you soon!, Join us Tonight For Karaoke! Come Sing or Request Your Favorite Song With Our Karaoke DJ!!, Tonights Dinner Specials

Sliced Roasted Pork Loin
With Mashed Potatoes and Sautéed Spinach Finished with a Honey Peach Glaze
$18

Pan Seared Ribeye Steak
With Hand Cut French Fries and Topped with Gorgonzola Cheese, 
White Truffle Oil and Onion Rings 
$21

Lobster Penne
With Leeks, Mushrooms, Sweet Peas, and Bacon in a White Wine Cream Sauce
$20

Three Cheese Tortellini 
With Grilled Chicken, Summer Squash, Zucchini, Shallots, Spinach in a Pesto Cream Sauce
$17

Drink Specials
Jack D’Or Pretty Things American Darling
Seadog Blueberry
Wormtown Blonde Cougar
Long Trail Pale Ale
Notch Pilsner    
Dos Equis Amber 
Magners Pear Cider


Berry Margarita
Zapopan 100% Agave Tequila, Merlett Crème de Casis, Fresh Lime and Sour Mix 
$9
Bottle Specials
 Magners Pear Cider  $5

Calypso Bay Spritz - Ruby Red citrus or Pineapple Mandarin Orange
Gluten free/99 calories
$6
Wine Special
14 Hands 2009 Hot to Trot    Red Blend, Washington State
Gls $8  Btl $30 

Firesteed Pinot Gris 2008 Oregon 
Gl $9 Btl $34petizer, Wine Special
14 Hands 2009 Hot to Trot    Red Blend, Washington State
Gls $8  Btl $30 

Firesteed Pinot Gris 2008 Oregon 
Gl $9 Btl $34, Appetizer
New England Clam Chowder
Cup $4 Bowl $6

Entrees  
French Pork Chop
With Mashed Potatoes and Grilled Asparagus Finished with a Honey Mustard Glaze
$18

Pan Seared Ribeye Steak
With Hand Cut French Fries and Topped with Gorgonzola Cheese, 
White Truffle Oil and Onion Rings 
$21

Lobster Penne
With Leeks, Mushrooms, Sweet Peas in a White Wine Cream Sauce
$20

Three Cheese Tortellini 
With Summer Squash, Zucchini, Shallots, Spinach in a Pesto Cream Sauce
$17, Dinner Specials 

Entrees  
French Pork Chop
With Mashed Potatoes and Grilled Asparagus 
Finished with a Honey Mustard Glaze
$19

B.B.Q Ribs
With Fresh Corn on the Cob and House Made Coleslaw 
$15

Baked Haddock
With Panko Bread Crumbs, Brown Rice, and Haricot Vert
In a Lemon White Wine Sauce
$18

Ricotta Gnocchi  
With Sautéed Chicken, Shallots, Asparagus, and Sweet Peas
In a pesto cream sauce
$17, Greg Luttrell Live tonight 7 Pm
Never a cover charge at Orleans, Federer, Wozniaki, Sharapova and Li Na still to play in the second round today at Wimbledon come on in and catch all the action!, Come in and enjoy a nice lunch on this wet Thirsty Thursday!
Blackened Salmon BLT Served with Mayo on Challah Bread $10
Spicy Steak Tip Quesadilla Served with Pico De Gallo, Sour Cream and Guacamole $10
Steak and Cheese Panini
Served with Mushroom, Peppers, Onions  and Jack Cheese on Ciabatta Bread $10
Chicken Pesto Sandwich Served with Roasted Red Peppers and Swiss Cheese on a Bulk Roll $10, French Pork Chop
With Mashed Potatoes and Grilled Asparagus 
Finished with a Honey Mustard Glaze
$19

B.B.Q Ribs
With Fresh Corn on the Cob and House Made Coleslaw 
$15

Baked Haddock
With Panko Bread Crumbs, Brown Rice, and Haricot Vert
In a Lemon White Wine Sauce
$18

Ricotta Gnocchi  
With Sautéed Chicken, Shallots, Asparagus, and Sweet Peas
In a pesto cream sauce
$17

Drink Specials
Wacko  Summer
Seadog Blueberry
Sam East West Kolsch 
Shipyard xxxx IPA 
Notch Pilsner    
Dos Equis Amber 
Magners Pear Cider

Berry Margarita
Zapopan 100% Agave Tequila, Merlett Crème de Casis, Fresh Lime and Sour Mix 
$9
Bottle Specials
 Magners Pear Cider  $5

Calypso Bay Spritz - Ruby Red citrus or Pineapple Mandarin Orange
Gluten free/99 calories
$6
Wine Special
14 Hands 2009 Hot to Trot
Red Blend, Washington State
Gls $8  Btl $30, Now that the B's won the Stanley Cup... trivia is back in town every Wednesday night so come join us tonight for your chance to win the $300 JACKPOT BABY!, Sox take on the Padres in the rubber match of their three game series at 1:35 this afternoon. Get all the action here at Orleans!, Great tennis today with Nedal, Murray and Roddick still to play!, Cold Beer and Great Food! how can you go wrong!
Thai Noodle Salad Wrap
Served with Cucumber Wasabi Lo Mein Noodles, Sesame Soy Asian Vegetable Slaw and Grilled Chicken $10
BBQ Ribs Served with Cole Slaw and Fries $10
Steak and Cheese Panini
Served with Mushroom, Peppers, Onions and Jack Cheese on Ciabatta Bread $10
Chicken Pesto Sandwich
Served with Roasted Red Peppers and Swiss Cheese on a Bulk Roll $10, Drink Specials
Wacko  Summer
Seadog Blueberry
Sam East West Kolsch 
Shipyard xxxx IPA 
Notch Pilsner    
Dos Equis Amber 
Magners Pear Cider

Berry Margarita
Zapopan 100% Agave Tequila, Merlett Crème de Casis, Fresh Lime and Sour Mix 
$9

Bottle Specials
 Magners Pear Cider  $5

Calypso Bay Spritz - Ruby Red citrus or Pineapple Mandarin Orange
Gluten free/99 calories
$6

Wine Special
14 Hands 2009 Hot to Trot
Red Blend, Washington State
Gls $8  Btl $30, Entrees  
Fresh Pork Chop
With Mashed Potatoes and Grilled Asparagus 
$18

Jamaica Spicy Ribs
With Fresh Corn on the Cob and House Made Coleslaw 
$15

Thai Noodle Salad
Served with Cucumber Wasabi Lo Mein Noodles, Sesame Soy Asian Vegetable Slaw and Grilled Chicken
$12

Ricotta Gnocchi  
With Shallots, Asparagus, Sweet Peas and Fresh Mozzarella Cheese in a Pink Tomato Sauce
$16, Six great channels of Wimbledon coverage all Week!, The windows and patio are open on this terrific Tuesday! Enoy these tasty lunch specials:
Turkey Club Wrap
Served With Lettuce, Tomato, Bacon and Chipotle Mayo in a Flour Tortilla
$10

Buffalo Chicken Quesadilla
Served with Pico De Gallo, Guacamole, and Sour Cream
$10

Turkey Tip Cobb Salad
Field Greens with Bleu Cheese Crumbles, Hard Boiled Egg,
Green Beans, Bacon, Avocado and Balsamic Vinaigrette 
$12, Stop By and Quench your thirst, windows are open, patio is open, Sox are Playing

Draft Specials
Wacko  Summer
Seadog Blueberry 
Sam East West Kolsch 
Shipyard xxxx IPA 
Notch Pilsner    
Dos Equis Amber 

Bottle Specials
 Magners Pear Cider  $5

Calypso Bay Spritz - Ruby Red citrus or Pineapple Mandarin Orange
Gluten free/99 calories
$6

Wine Special
14 Hands 2009 Hot to Trot
Red Blend, Washington State
Gls $8  Btl $30, It's pasta night at Oreans

All  Pasta Specials $14.95 and served with side salad 
 Sautéed Scallops
Fresh Fettuccine, Asparagus, Shallots Tomatoes,
 Garlic White wine Sauce

Ricotta Gnocchi
Spinach, Asparagus, Green Beans,
Fresh Mozzarella, Pink Tomato Sauce

Pasta Primavera
Farfelle Pasta, Squash, Zucchini, Spinach
Pesto Cream Sauce

Blackened Chicken
Penne Pasta, Bell Peppers, Cajun Cream sauce, Red Sox Vs Brewers
Yovani Gallardo and Tim Wakefield face off Sunday as the Brewers and Red Sox conclude a three-game series at Fenway Park, ORLEANS 

 Appetizer
Fried Pickles
$8
Entrees  
Turkey Tips
With Basmati Rice, Broccoli and Salsa Roja 
 
$16

Grilled Pork Chop
With Roasted Red Bliss Potatoes, Sautéed Spinach and a Sweet Honey  Glaze 
$18

Pan Seared Scallops
With Shallots, Asparagus and Broccoli in a Garlic White Wine Sauce 
over Dave’s Fresh Fettuccini 
$19

Grilled Filet Mignon 
With Mashed Potatoes, Grilled Asparagus, and Black Pepper Demi-Glace
$21

Drink Specials
Wacko  Summer
Seadog Blueberry
Sam East West Kolsch 
Shipyard xxxx IPA 
Notch Pilsner    
Dos Equis Amber 
Magners Pear Cider 

$8
Cocktail Special
Grape Lemonade
Pucker grape vodka, soda water, lemon juice
$6.50, Join us Tonight For Karaoke! Come Sing or Request Your Favorite Song With Our Karaoke DJ!!, Appetizer
Fish Cakes
Haddock and Salmon
Served over Mixed Field Greens
$10
Entrees  

Baked Stuffed Haddock 
 Sweet Pea Risotto, Haricot Vert and a Lemon White Wine Sauce 
$17

Grilled Pork Chop
With Roasted Red Bliss Potatoes, Sautéed Spinach and a Sweet Chipotle Glaze 
$18

Pan Seared Scallops
With Shallots, Asparagus and Broccoli in a Garlic White Wine Sauce 
over Dave’s Fresh Fettuccini 
$19

Grilled Filet Mignon 
With Mashed Potatoes, Grilled Asparagus, and Black Pepper Demi-Glace
$21, US Open coverage all day and weekend at Orleans come on in and enjoy!, Get your weekend started early at Orleans!
Pastrami Sandwich
Served with Peppers, Onions, American Cheese and Horseradish Mayo on a French Baguette
$10

Steak Tips Quesadilla
Served with Pico de Gallo, Sour Cream and Guacamole
$12

Salmon Fish and Chips
Served with Cole Slaw
$12

BLT
Served with Mayo on Multi-Grain or White Bread
$10, Appetizer
Fish Cakes
Haddock and Salmon
Served over Mixed Field Greens
$10
Entrees  

Chicken Piccatta
Pan Seared Chicken Breast with Sliced Red Bliss Potatoes, Haricot Vert and a Lemon Caper White Wine Sauce
$17

Baked Stuffed Haddock 
 Sweet Pea Risotto and Grilled Asparagus 
$18

Homemade Meatballs 
In a Plum Tomato sauce, Pecorino Cheese   
Over Spaghetti   
$16, Like Baseball? We have 8 day games today so come on down and catch a doubleheader before the Sox play the rubber match tonight against the Rays!, And now the sporting event that Boston has been waiting for... First Round US OPEN coverage from Maryland! Full coverage all day at Orleans, A Beautiful Thirsty Thursday at Orlean with the windows and patio open!
Grape Chicken Salad Wrap Served with Lettuce, Tomato and Bacon $10
Tuna Salad Melt Served with Cucumber, Bacon and Melted Cheddar Cheese 
on a French Baguette $10
BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich Served with Onion Rings, Swiss Cheese and Chipotle Aoli
on a Sweet Portuguese Roll $10
Turkey Club Served with Lettuce, Tomato, Bacon and Mayo $10, Great baseball this afternoon: Marlins vs Phillies @ 1:05; Reds vs Dodgers and Padres vs Rockies @ 3:05, LETS GO BRUINS. . ... LETSGO BRUINS . . ... GAME 7 TONIGHT @ 8 O'CLOCK!
Come on down and share the excitement at Orleans!, Windows and Patio are open come on in! 
Grape Chicken Salad Wrap Served with Lettuce, Tomato and Bacon $10
Tuna Salad Melt Served with Cucumber, Bacon and Melted Cheddar Cheese 
on a French Baguette $10
BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich Served with Onion Rings, Swiss Cheese and Chipotle Aoli
 on a Sweet Portuguese Roll $10
Turkey Club Served with Lettuce, Tomato, Bacon and Mayo on either Multi-Grain or White Bread$10, Marky Mark is in the square, stop by Orleans, maybe he'll stop in for a drink too, Appetizer
Fried Buffalo Clams 
Blue Cheese Dressing 
$10
Entrees  

Chicken Piccatta
Pan Seared Chicken Breast with Sliced Red Bliss Potatoes, Haricot Vert and a Lemon Caper White Wine Sauce
$17

Flat Iron Steak
Mashed Potatoes, Grilled Asparagus and Topped with a 
Black Pepper Demi-Glace 
$18

Frutti Di Mare
Calamari, Shrimp and Mussels in a Garlic White Wine Sauce over Spaghetti, Come in and enjoy a nice drink and our great lunch specials on a cool Tuesday!
Chicken Fettuccini
Served with Asparagus, Spinach and Red Peppers and
 a Garlic Cream Sauce
$11

Tuna Salad Wrap
Served with Lettuce, Tomato, Avocado and American Cheese in a Flour Tortilla
$10

BBQ Texas Burger 
Served with Bacon, Onion Rings and Cheddar Cheese 
on a Bulke Roll
$10, All  Pasta Specials $14.95 and served with side salad 
Lobster Ravioli
Sweet Peas, Shiitake Mushrooms, Bacon
Madeira Cream Sauce

Pork and Beef Bolognese
Served over penne pasta

Salmon, Calamari, and Mussels
Served with spaghetti and cherry tomatoes
 in a spicy garlic white wine sauce

Chicken Chorizo Fettuccini 
With red pepper, asparagus, in a 
Chipolte cream sauce, null, null, LETS GO BRUINS, LETS GO BRUINS
GAME 6, 8PM, BRUINS 8PM, SEE YOU THERE, Bet Vancouver is biting their own nails now! Go BRUINS!, Cold beer, great drinks and yummy lunch specials, we got it all!
BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich Served with Swiss Cheese and Onion Rings on a Sweet Portuguese Roll $10
Tuna Salad Melt Served with Tomato, Bacon and Melted American Cheese on an English Muffin $10
Turkey Club Served with Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato and Mayo $10
Buffalo Chicken Wrap Served with Onions, Tomato, Lettuce and Blue Cheese in a Flour Tortilla $10, Stop by to catch the Sox sweep the Yankees, bet Vancouver is biting their own nails now! go bruins!, Appetizer
Shrimp Ceviche Salad 
Served with garlic crustini 
$10

Entrees  
Saltimbocca Pork Tenderloin
 Roasted Red Bliss Potatoes, Sautéed Collard Greens, Topped with Prosciutto and Fresh Mozzarella Cheese
$17

 Flat Iron Steak
 Mashed Potatoes, Grilled Asparagus
 with a Black Pepper Demi-Glace 
$19

Grilled Swordfish
 basmati rice, sautéed summer vegetables
 with a red curry sauce
$18, Seek shelter from the oppressive heat and enjoy an ice cold beverage!
Tuna Salad Melt Served with Bacon, Cucumber and Melted Cheddar Cheese 
on a French Baguette $10
Turkey Club Served with Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato and Mayo $10
Grape Chicken Salad Wrap Lettuce, Tomato and Bacon in a Flour Tortilla $10
Blackened Chicken Cobb Salad Served with Blue Cheese Dressing $12, A nice day to get out of the sun and catch a ball game. Cubs vs Reds at 12:30, Giants vs Nationals at 3 and Twins vs Indians at noon!, Come on in and out of the heat on this scorcher of a day!
Tuna Salad Melt Served with Bacon, Cucumber and Melted Cheddar Cheese 
on a French Baguette $10
Turkey Club Served with Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato and Mayo $10
Grape Chicken Salad Wrap Lettuce, Tomato and Bacon in a Flour Tortilla $10
Blackened Chicken Cobb Salad Served with Blue Cheese Dressing $12, null, Due to our brillant Bruins we will not be hosting Trivia on Wednesday. 
Go Bruins, Its a warm one today come enjoy some nice shade on our patio!
BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich Served with Roasted Red Pepper, Roasted White Onion, Swiss Cheese and Onion Rings $10
Steak Cobb Salad Served with Crumpled Blue Cheese and Balsamic Dressing $12
Turkey Club Served with Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato and Mayo $10
Cajun Shrimp Tacos Spicy Cole Slaw, Chipotle Aoli and Avocado $10, Patio, Brunch, Open Windows, Beer, Red Sox Game
What more could you possibly need
See you at orleans, Catch the French Open Final
Nadal V Federer, Sunday morning, Dinner Specials

 Appetizer
Smoked BBQ Pork and Cheese Eggrolls
$9

Entrees
Sun Dried Tomato and Mascarpone Ravioli
With Shallots, Asparagus, and Sweet Peas in a Pink Tomato Sauce
$16

Grilled Pork Tenderloin
Served with Roasted Red Bliss Potatoes, and Haricot Vert and Topped with a 
Sweet Chipotle Glaze
$18

Blackened Flat Iron Steak
Served with Mashed Potatoes, and Grilled Asparagus and Topped with a 
Salsa Roja 
$19

Grilled Swordfish
Served with Sweet Pea Risotto, Sautéed Spinach and 
Topped with a Saffron Cream Sauce
$20, Game 2
Bruins V Canucks 8pm
Get here early to get a seat, Mens semi-finals today! Nadal vs Murray and then Djokovic puts his 43 consecutive match win streek on the line vs Federer at 12!, Get your weekend started with our great lunch specials! patio and windows are open!
BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich
Served with Swiss Cheese and Onion Rings on a Sweet Portuguese Roll $10
Meatball Sandwich with Parmesan Cheese on a French Baguette $10
Yankee Panini; Turkey, Ham, Cheddar Cheese and Honey Mustard on Ciabatta Bread $10
Blackened Tilapia BLT Served with Mayo on Challah Bread $12, null, dinner specials

 Appetizer

Chicken Kabob
Served with a mixed green salad
$10

Entrees

Fettuccini and Meatballs
Fresh Fettuccini and Homemade Meatballs
In a Plum Tomato Sauce with Romano Cheese
$17

Blackened Tilapia
Served with a Cilantro Vinaigrette Potato Salad
And Sautéed Spinach
$18
 
Beef Medallions
With a Teriyaki Glaze, Spanish Rice and Grilled Asparagus
$17, Womens Semi-Finals today and dont miss tomarrow when the four best players in the world face off in the mens semifinals: Nadal vs Murray and Federer vs Djokovic, The windows and patio are open so come on in and enjoy a beautiful Thirsty Thursday at Orleans!
Spicy Steak Tip Quesadilla With Jalapeños and Served with Pico De Gallo, Guacamole, and Sour Cream $10 
Meatball Sandwich with Parmesan Cheese on a French Baguette $10
Turkey gobbler Turkey, Stuffing, and Cranberry on Ciabatta Bread $10
Blackened Tilapia BLT Served with Mayo on Challah Bread $10, GAME 1 BRUINS VS CANUCKS! gonna be a great series. GO BRUINS! game starts at 8 pm, Watch the Red Sox get back on track and avoid a sweep today at 1:35 as well as other great games and continuing French Open coverage at Orleans, Come get out of the heat and humidity and enjoy our great lunch specials:
Spicy Steak Tip Quesadilla With Jalapeños and Served with Pico De Gallo, Guacamole, and Sour Cream $10
Salmon Fish and Chips Served with Cole Slaw $12
Turkey gobbler Turkey, Stuffing, and Cranberry on Multi Grain Bread $10
Texas Burger Served with Lettuce, Tomato, Onion Rings, BBQ Sauce and Jalapeño Jack Cheese $10, NBA finals, Game 1
Mavericks V Heat, 9pm, Another beautiful day at Orleans Restaurant with the windows and patio open!
BBQ Ribs Served with Cole Slaw and French Fries $12
Haddock Po’Boy; Fried Haddock, Lettuce, Tomato and Chipotle Aoli on a French Baguette $10
BLT The Lunch Classic Served with Mayo Choice of White or Multi Grain Bread $10
Buffalo Chicken Wrap Served with Lettuce, Tomato and Blue Cheese $10, Monfils vs Federer at 11 am. come get a cold beer and some delicious food at Orleans and watch world class tennis!, Enjoy the sun, enjoy brunch, enjoy a cold tasty beverage, enjoy the somerville memorial day parade, enjoy it all at Orleans. Patio is open, Windows are open, come on down, Join us Tonight For Karaoke! Come Sing or Request Your Favorite Song With Our Karaoke DJ!!, Appetizers
Bruschetta
Mozzarella, Tomato, Basil, red onion
$8

Chilled Tomato Gazpacho
Topped with sour cream
Cup $3     Bowl $6

 Entrees
Baked Haddock
Stuffed with pepper, leeks, shrimp
Served with sweet pea risotto
$18

Slow Roasted BBQ Ribs
French Fries and coleslaw
$17

Grilled Flat Steak
Mashed Potatoes, grilled asparagus, black pepper Demi glac, WE BELIEVE!!
BRUINS GAME 7, 8PM, Dinner Specials

Appetizers
Bruschetta
Mozzarella, Tomato, Basil, red onion
$8

Chilled Tomato Gazpacho
Topped with sour cream
Cup $3     Bowl $6

 Entrees
Lobster Ravioli
Leeks, mushrooms, sweet peas, sherry cream sauce
$18

Slow Roasted BBQ Ribs
French Fries and coleslaw
$17

Grilled Flat Steak
Mashed Potatoes, grilled asparagus, black pepper Demi glace
$19, Great tennis today between US Open Champ Del Potro and defending French Open Champ Djokavic come watch all the coverage here, Get an early start on the three day weekend on the patio or by the windows!
Spicy Chicken and Cheese Egg Roll Served with Chipotle Aoli $8
Steak Tip Quesadilla Pico De Gallo, Sour Cream and Guacamole $10
Tuna Salad Melt Cucumber, Bacon and Melted Swiss Cheese 
on a French Baguette $10
Turkey Club Lettuce, Tomato, Bacon and Mayo on your choice of 
White or Multi-Grain Bread $10, Dinner Specials

Appetizers
Bruschetta
Mozzarella, Tomato, Basil, red onion
$8

 Entrees
Lobster Ravioli
Leeks, mushrooms, sweet peas, sherry cream sauce
$19

Cornmeal crusted Tilapia
Roasted fingerling potatoes, haricot vert, tomatillo sauce
$17

Teriyaki Beef Medallions
Basmati Rice, grilled asparagus
$18, Join us For Our $250 Jackpot!Trivia at 8pm, Tonight Boston Bruins Vs Tampa Bay Lightning Game 6 8pm, Tonghts Dinner Specials

ORLEANS 
Appetizers
Chicken and Black Bean Egg Rolls
$8
Entrees
NY Sirloin Steak
Mashed Potatoes , Onion Rings and a Black Pepper Demi Glaze
$19

Pan Seared Talapia
Risotto, Green Beans, Lemon Beurre Blanc Sauce
$18

Chicken and Broccoli Rabe
Shallots, Asparagus, Tomatoes, 
Alfredo Sauce and Penne Pasta
$16


Rotating Drafts
Shipyard xxxx IPA 
Wacko  Summer
Paulener Hefeweizen
Ithaca Apricot 
Notch Pilsner

Magners Pear Cider
Dos Equis Amber
Sam Adams Lite
$5

Blue Moon Full Moon 
$4

Wine Special

14 hands 2009 Hot To Trot Red Blend

GL $8 BTL $28, Six channels french open coverage continues with Djokavic and others playing today., Red Sox take on the Indians in a matinee thriller in Cleveland at 12:05 catch all the action on our Big Screen TVs!, A wonderful Wednesday at Orleans with the patio and windows open!
Yankee Panini Turkey, Ham, Tomato and Honey Mustard on a French Baguette $10
Steak and Cheese Panini with Onions, Peppers and Mushrooms on Ciabatta Bread $10
Blackened Tilapia BLT Served with Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato and Mayo on Challah Bread $12
Chicken Salad Wrap Homemade Chicken Salad with Lettuce, Tomato and Avocado in a Flour Tortilla $10, now on Twitter! follow us at OrleansBar, Vote for us at boston.com/alist for best after work watering hole!, null, Its Sunny out! Patio and Windows open on a Beautiful Tuesday!
Yankee Panini; Turkey, Ham, Tomato and Honey Mustard on a French Baguette $10
Buffalo Chicken Quesadilla Served with Pico De Gallo, Sour Cream and Guacamole 
$10
Salmon Fish and Chips Served with Home Made Cole Slaw $12
Pork and Beef Bolognese Celery, Carrot, Onion and Plum Tomato Sauce over Fettuccini$10, Tonights Dinner Specials
Appetizers
Fried Pickles
Spicy Remoulade
$7

Entrees
NY Sirloin Steak
Mashed Potatoes, Haricot Vert, Horseradish Demi Glace

$20

Lobster Ravioli
 Shallots, Asparagus, Shitake Mushrooms
Sherry Cream Sauce
$19

Bacon Wrapped Pork Tenderloin
Roasted red bliss potatoes, grilled Asparagus, port wine reduction
$18

Rotating Drafts
Shipyard xxxx IPA 
Wacko  Summer
Paulener Hefeweizen
Ithaca Apricot 
Notch Pilsner

Magners Pear Cider
Dos Equis Amber
Sam Adams Lite
$5

Sam Adams Coastal Wheat
Blue Moon Full Moon 
$4
Wine Specials

Hayman and Hill Meritage, Monterey County

Wente Sauvignon Blanc, Central Coast

GL $7 BTL $26, Join us Tonight For Karaoke! Come Sing or Request Your Favorite Song With Our Karaoke DJ!!, The Cubs visit Fenway for the first time since the 1918 World Series. Come check it out at Orleans tonight on one of our 12 Big Screen HD TVs!, Its Friday, Friday so come check out our tasty lunch specials and get a head start on the weekend!
Steak Quesadilla $12
Golden BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich Served with Swiss Cheese, Chipotle Aoli
 and Onion Rings on a Bulk Roll$10
Turkey Club Served with Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato and Mayo on White or Multi-Grain Bread$10
Orleans Grilled Cheese; Ham, Avocado, Bacon and Cheddar Cheese on Challah Bread $10, Drink Specials

Rotating Drafts
Shipyard xxxx IPA 
$7
Wacko  Summer
Paulener Hefeweizen
Ithaca Apricot 
Notch Pilsner
$6  
Magners Pear Cider
Dos Equis Amber
Sam Adams Lite
$5

Sam Adams Coastal Wheat
Blue Moon Full Moon 
$4



Wine Specials

Hayman and Hill Meritage, Monterey County

Wente Sauvignon Blanc, Central Coast

GL $7 BTL $26, Dinner Specials
Appetizers
Coconut Shrimp
Sweet Chipotle Glaze
$9
Entrees
NY Sirloin Steak
Spanish Rice, Haricot Vert, Mole Verde
$20

Penne Pasta
Chicken, Chorizo, Shallots, Asparagus, Broccoli Rabe
Garlic White Wine Sauce
$17


Blackened Salmon
Roasted red bliss potatoes, sautéed spinach,
$18, GAME 3
BRUINS VS lightning 8pm

Red Sox Vs Tigers
Beckett against Verlander

ALL THE GAMES, ALL THE TIME, Join us For Our $250 Jackpot!Trivia at 8pm, They were so good yesterday we thought we'd use them again!
Tuna Salad Melt Served with Cucumber, Bacon and Swiss Cheese on a French Baguette $10
Egg Salad Wrap Served with Lettuce, Tomato and Avocado in a Flour Tortilla $10
The Gobbler; Turkey, Stuffing and Cranberry on Multi-Grain Bread $10
Blackened Chicken BLT With Mayo on Challah Bread $10
Served with Your Choice of Soup, Salad, French Fries or Fresh Fruit, null, RED SOX VS ORIOLES 
7.10PM

ALL THE GAMES, ALL THE TIME, NOT A BAD SEAT IN THE HOUSE, GAME 2
BRUINS VS LIGHTNING 8PM, Dinner Specials
NY Sirloin Steak
Hand cut fries, black pepper demi glaze, crispy onion rings
$20

Chicken Sausage Pizza
Red Peppers, Broccoli rabe, Caramelized Onion
$10

Chicken Parm
House Marinara sauce, mozzarella, penne pasta
$16

Blackened Salmon
Roasted red bliss potatoes, sautéed spinach, pineapple salsa
$18, Its sunny in Atlanta and Colorado! Ballgames this afternoon:
Astros Vs Braves at 1:10 and Giants Vs Rockies at 3:10, Come in out of the rain and enjoy our tasty lunch specials:
Tuna Salad Melt Served with Cucumber, Bacon and Swiss Cheese on a French Baguette $10
Egg Salad Wrap Served with Lettuce, Tomato and Avocado in a Flour Tortilla $10
The Gobbler; Turkey, Stuffing and Cranberry on Multi-Grain Bread $10
Blackened Chicken BLT With Mayo on Challah Bread $10
Served with Your Choice of Soup, Salad, French Fries or Fresh Fruit, Drink Specials

Wacko  Summer
Sam Adams Summer
Ithaca Apricot
Paulner Heffe Weise 
Shipyard xxxx IPA 
Notch Pilsner    
Dos Equis Amber 

Blue Moon Full Moon 
$4

Magners Pear Cider
$5

Wine Specials
Hayman and Hill Meritage

GL $7 BTL $26, All  Pasta Specials $14.95 and served with side salad 

Daves’ Fresh Fettuccine
Scallops, cherry tomatoes, shallots, broccoli rabe, 
Spicy garlic white wine sauce

Chicken Parm
Breaded chicken, house marinara, mozzarella, penne pasta

Farfelle Pasta
Sautéed chicken, leeks, mushrooms, bacon, peas
Sherry cream sauce

Asparagus, Goat Cheese & Lemon Ravioli
shallots, sweet peas, pink tomato sauce, Lunch Specials

Blackened Chicken taco salad
Black beans, tortilla chips, tomatoes, avocado,
 pico de gallo, sour cream
$10

Veggie Wrap
Hummus, zucchini, squash, carrot, red peppers
$10

Yankee Panini
Bacon, turkey, ham, tomato, swiss cheese, honey mustard
$10

Caprese Salad
Tomato, fresh mozzarella, basil pesto, grilled chicken
On a bed of mixed greens
$10, Tonights Dinner Specials
Appetizers
Pulled Pork Sliders
$10

Entrees
Asparagus, Goat Cheese and Lemon Ravioli
With Shallots and Sweet Peas in a Pink Tomato Sauce
$16

NY Sirloin Steak
Served with Twice Baked Potatoes Stuffed with Bacon, Onions and Cheddar Cheese, Grilled Asparagus and Topped with a Horseradish Demi-Glaze
$21

Grilled Lamb Chops
Served with Mashed Potatoes and Grilled Asparagus in a 
Guinness Demi Glaze
$19

Chopped Scallops
Shallots, asparagus, broccoli rabi, garlic white wine sauce
On a bed of Daves’ fresh fettuccini pasta
$18

Rotating Drafts
Shipyard xxxx IPA 
$7
Wacko  Summer
Paulener Hefeweizen
Ithaca Apricot 
Notch Pilsner
$6  
Magners Pear Cider
Dos Equis Amber
$5

Sam Adams Coastal Wheat
Blue Moon Full Moon 
$4


DRINK SPECIALS

Hayman and Hill Meritage

GL $7 BTL $26
White Sangria, Join us Tonight For Karaoke! Come Sing or Request Your Favorite Song With Our Karaoke DJ!!
After The Game!, Buins Vs Tampa Bay Lightning Tonight Game 1 8pm, Lets Go Red Sox, Lets Go Red Sox
Red Sox Vs Yankees 7.05pm, Dinner Specials

Appetizers
Pulled Pork Sliders
$10

Entrees
Pepperoni Pizza
$12

NY Sirloin Steak
Potato Au Gratin, sautéed onion and bacon
$21

Grilled Lamb Chops
Served with Mashed Potatoes and Grilled Asparagus in a 
Guinness Demi Glaze
$19

Pan Seared Scallops
Shallots, asparagus, broccoli rabi, garlic white wine sauce
On a bed of Daves’ fresh pasta
$18, Sunny and Warm on a brilliant Friday come on down and spend it at Orleans. The Patio and Windows are open!  Lunch Specials:
The Gobbler
Turkey, Stuffing and Cranberry on Multi Grain Bread
$10
Open Face Tuna Salad Melt
on an English Muffin
$10
BBQ Pulled Pork
With Swiss Cheese, Onion Rings and Chipotle Aoli
$10
Buffalo Chicken Quesadilla
Served with Guacamole, Pico De Gallo and Sour Cream
$10, Drink Specials

Rotating Drafts
Shipyard xxxx IPA 
$7
Wacko  Summer
Paulener Hefeweizen
Ithaca Apricot 
Notch Pilsner
$6  
Magners Pear Cider
Dos Equis Amber
$5

Sam Adams Coastal Wheat
Blue Moon Full Moon 
$4


DRINK SPECIALS

Hayman and Hill Meritage

GL $7 BTL $26
White Sangria, dinner specials

Appetizers
House Tortillas and Guacamole
$8

Entrees
Pepperoni Pizza
$12

Pan seared Tilapia
Sweet Pea risotto, green beans, lemon beurre blanc sauce
$16

Grilled Lamb Chops
Served with Mashed Potatoes and Grilled Asparagus in a 
Guinness Demi Glaze
$19

Sautéed Chicken and Chorizo
Shallots, asparagus, tomatoes, garlic white wine sauce,
 Farfelle Pasta
$17, Lunch Specials

Turkey salad sandwich
With Bacon, Tomato and Cheddar
On Ciabatta Bread
$10

Open Face Tuna Salad Melt
With Tomato and American Cheese on an English Muffin
$10

Breakfast Sandwich
Ham, Egg, Avocado, and Cheddar Cheese on a Toasted Bagel
$10

Buffalo Chicken wrap
Bleu cheese, lettuce, tomato
$10

All Sandwiches are Served with Your Choice of Soup, Salad, French Fries or Fresh Fruit, Tonights Dinner Specials
Appetizers
Buffalo Fried Clams
Local Fried Clams Served with Buffalo Sauce and Blue Cheese
$10
Entrees
Tilapia Fish and Chips
Hand Breaded and Golden Fried with House Cut French Fries,
Coleslaw, and Tartar Sauce
$14
Pan Seared Pork Saltimbocca
Topped with Prosciutto and Fresh Mozzarella Cheese. Served 
With Roasted Fingerling Potatoes and Sautéed Spinach
$18
Homemade Meatballs
Served with Pecorino Romano and Tomato Sauce
Over Spaghetti
$16  
Grilled Lamb Chops
Served with Mashed Potatoes and Grilled Asparagus in a 
Guinness Demi Glaze
$19
Rotating Drafts
Shipyard xxxx IPA 
$7
Wacko  Summer
Paulener Hefeweizen
Ithaca Apricot 
Notch Pilsner
$6  
Magners Pear Cider
Dos Equis Amber
$5

Sam Adams Coastal Wheat
Blue Moon Full Moon 
$4


DRINK SPECIALS

Hayman and Hill Meritage

GL $7 BTL $26
White Sangria 
GL $7  CARAFE $24, GAME 5, 7PM, ORLEANS, NOT A BAD SEAT IN THE HOUSE
11 HD TVS, 20 DRAFT LINES, Join us For Our $450 Jackpot!Trivia at 8pm, MONDAY NIGHT SPECIALS

All  Pasta Specials $14.95 and served with side salad 

Parpadelle
Smoked salmon, spinach, asparagus, red peppers
Cajun cream sauce

 Seafood linguine
Mussels, salmon, tilapia, cod, shallots, cherry tomatoes
Lemon garlic white wine sauce

Penne Pasta
Sautéed chicken, chorizo, broccoli, green beans, shallots
 chipotle cream sauce

Asparagus, Goat Cheese & Lemon Ravioli
shallots, sweet peas, garlic-white wine sauce, LETS GO CELTICS, LETS GO CELTICS

GAME 4, 7PM, ORLEANS, NOT A BAD SEAT IN THE HOUSE
11 HD TVS, 20 DRAFT LINES, PASTA NIGHT!!!!
YOU KNOW WHERE TO GO, HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MOTHERS OUT THERE

STOP BY AN ENJOY ONE OF OUR SPECIAL MOTHER'S DAY COCKTAILS
 
DRINK SPECIALS
White Sangria

Mama's Mimosa $8
Aperol, fresh OJ, Champagne

Crimson Berry Tea Cosmo $9
Stoli Wild Cherry vodka, crimson berry tea, fresh lemon juice, Smoked Salmon Plate 
toasted bagel, cream cheese, onion, tomato, capers, salad
12

Steak & Eggs Fajita 
thinly sliced flat-iron steak, sauteed peppers & onions, flour tortilla, pico de gallo, sour cream
14 

Roast Turkey Dinner
stuffing, cranberry sauce, mashed potatoes, haricot vert, homemade gravy
16

Asparagus, Goat Cheese & Lemon Ravioli
shallots, sweet peas, garlic-white wine sauce
17, Appetizers
Fried Clams
Local Fried Clams Served with Tartar Sauce
$10
Entrees
Grilled Pork Chops
In a Sweet Chipotle Sauce Served with
 House Mashed Potatoes And Mixed Vegetables
$18
Blackened Tilapia
Served with Basmati Rice, Haricot Vert, Topped with a 
Black Bean Avocado Sauce
$17
Frutti De Mare
 Served over Spaghetti with Mussels, Calamari, Codfish and Tilapia 
in a Spicy Pink Tomato Sauce
$20
Steak Fajitas
Red Onions, Red Peppers, Black Beans,

 Pico de Gallo, Sour Cream, Guacamole
$16
Rotating Drafts
Wacko  Summer
Paulener Hefeweizen
Ithaca Apricot 
Shipyard xxxx IPA 
Notch Pilsner
Dos Equis Amber

Sam Adams Coastal Wheat
Blue Moon Full Moon 
$4

Derby Special $8
Jack Daniels Honey, Mint Simple Syrup, Orange Marmalade and Iced Tea

Wine Specials  Gls $7  Btl  $26
White Sangria
Hayman and Hill Meritage
California
Il Donato Pinot Grigio, CELTICS GAME 3 8pm, Join us Tonight For Karaoke! Come Sing or Request Your Favorite Song With Our Karaoke DJ!!, Greg Luttrell Live tonight 7pm, no cover, Join us this  for our Cinco de Mayo party!!

There will be a Dos Equis and Sol beer promotion and Mexican-style food & drink specials. Don't miss out!

Cinco de Mayo Specials:
...
Shrimp Ceviche Salad - 10

Spicy Ground Beef Quesadilla - 9

Housemade "Cinco de Mayo" Chips & Guacamole - 7

Smoked Chicken Enchilada - 15
brown rice, black beans

Carne Asada Fajita - 19
flour tortillas, sour cream, guacamole, mole verde

Spicy Tomato Fish Stew - 20
fried yucca, roasted fingerling potatoes

Drink Specials:
Ciclon Margarita - Bacardi Ciclon, Patron Citronage, fresh lime juice, straight up

Coconut Cosmo - Ciroc Coconut, Triple Sec, fresh lime, cranberry

Mexican Punch - Malibu Coconut, Malibu Pineapple, Blue Curacao, pineapple juice

Banana Sunrise - banana infused tequila, orange juice, grenadineSee More, Join us this Thursday for our Cinco de Mayo party!!

There will be a Dos Equis and Sol beer promotion and Mexican-style food & drink specials. Don't miss out!

Cinco de Mayo Specials:

Shrimp Ceviche Salad - 10

Spicy Ground Beef Quesadilla - 9

Housemade "Cinco de Mayo" Chips & Guacamole - 7

Smoked Chicken Enchilada - 15
brown rice, black beans

Carne Asada Fajita - 19
flour tortillas, sour cream, guacamole, mole verde

Spicy Tomato Fish Stew - 20
fried yucca, roasted fingerling potatoes

Drink Specials:
Ciclon Margarita - Bacardi Ciclon, Patron Citronage, fresh lime juice, straight up

Coconut Cosmo - Ciroc Coconut, Triple Sec, fresh lime, cranberry

Mexican Punch - Malibu Coconut, Malibu Pineapple, Blue Curacao, pineapple juice

Banana Sunrise - banana infused tequila, orange juice, grenadine, Bruins VS Flyers Tonight game 3 @ 7pm, Join us For Our $400 Jackpot!Trivia at 8pm, CELTICS GAME 2, ORLEANS, BE THERE, Lunch Specials

Orleans’ clam Chowder
Cup $3 bowl $6

Blackened Talapia BLT
With , Lettuce, Tomato, Bacon and Chipotle Aioli
Served on Challah Bread
$12

Beef and Bolognese
Over Spaghetti
$10

Buffalo chicken Sandwich
Lettuce, Tomato, Onion, Bleu cheese dressing
On Bulkie Roll
$10

All Sandwiches are Served with Your Choice of Soup, Salad or French Fries, Red Sox Vs Mariners 1.35pm
Hernandez Vs Wakefield, Game 1
Celtic Vs Heat 3.30pm, Join us Tonight For Karaoke! Come Sing or Request Your Favorite Song With Our  Karaoke DJ!!, PATIO IS OPEN, 
stop by and enjoy a bite to eat or a cool drink on the patio, Rotating Drafts

Wacko  Summer
Sam Adams Summer
Sam Adams Rustic Saisaon
Hooker Irish Red 
Shipyard xxxx IPA 
Notch Pilsner

Sam Adams Latitude 28
Sam Adams  Stout
Blue Moon Full Moon 
$4

Wine Specials  Gls $7  Btl  $26

Hayman and Hill Meritage
California
Il Donato Pinot Grigio
Italy, Dinner Specials

Appetizers
Breaded Lamb Chops
Arugula Salad, Mint Jelly
$12

Entrees
 Blackened Salmon
Roasted Fingerling Potatoes, Wilted Spinach, 
$18
Pork and Beef Ragu
Celery, Carrots, Onions, Pecorino Romano
Over Penne Pasta
$17
Grilled French Cut Pork Chops    
Mashed  Potatoes, Grilled Asparagus, Apple Cider Reduction 
$19
Butternut Squash Ravioli
Shallots, Mushrooms, Gorgonzola Brown Butter sauce
$16, Red Sox  Vs Orioles  7.05pm
Lester Vs Bergesen
Lester has yet to lose against the Orioles, watch it at Orleans
ALL THE GAMES, ALL THE TIME, Greg Luttrell live at 7pm Tonight no cover, Orleans Trivia is cancelled for tonight, it will be back next Wednesday at 8pm. 
Orleans will be closed for a private party at 9pm tonight
Sorry for any inconvenience caused, Rotating Draft Beers

Wacko  Summer
Sam Adams Summer
Sam Adams Rustic Saisaon
Hooker Irish Red 
Shipyard xxxx IPA 
Notch Pilsner, GO BRUINS
ALL THE GAMES, ALL THE TIME!!, SPORTS SPORTS SPORTS

Red Sox Vs Baltimore  7.05pm
Bucholz against Britton

NBA PLAYOFFS
Hornets Vs Lakers 10.30pm
Pacers Vs Bulls 8pm
Hawks Vs Magic

NHL PLAYOFFS
Bruins Vs Canadiens 7pm
Sabres Vs Flyers 7.30pm
Blackhawks Vs Canucks 10pm, HAPPY EASTER
Stop by Orleans, PATIO IS OPEN

We got the
RED SOX @ 3.30pm 
CELTICS @ 3.30pm

Flyers Vs Sabres 3pm
Ducks Vs Predators 6pm
Canucks Vs Blackhawks 7.30pm

ALL THE GAMES, ALL THE TIME!!!!!, Join us Tonight For Karaoke After The Bruins Game! Come Sing or Request Your Favorite Song With Our New Karaoke DJ!!, Game 5 - Bruins vs. Canadiens at 7:00pm. Let's go B's!! We need this one!!, Tonights Dinner Specials 
Appetizers.

Deep Fried Buffalo Clams 
Served w/ Tartar Sauce
$10

Entrees
  Soft-Shell Maryland Crab Po’Boy
Deep-Fried, served on a Toasted Roll with Lettuce, Tomato, & Creole Remoulade 
Choice of Hand Cut Fries, Salad or Fresh House Coleslaw
$14

Butter Squash Ravioli
Shitake Mushrooms Shallots Sweet Peas
Maple Cream Sauce
$16

 Grilled Filet Mignon
Served w/ Mashed Potato, Grilled Asparagus 
Black Pepper Demi Glaze
$22

Grilled French Cut Pork Chop
With Roasted Fingerling Potatoes,  Haricot Vert, and Apple Cider Sauce
$18

Rotating Drafts
Wacko  Summer
Sam Adams Summer
Sam Adams Rustic Saisaon
Hooker Irish Red 
Shipyard xxxx IPA 
Notch Pilsner

Sam Adams Latitude 28
Sam Adams  Stout
Blue Moon Full Moon 
$4

Wine Specials  Gls $7  Btl  $26
Hayman and Hill Meritage
California
Il Donato Pinot Grigio
Italy, null, So much to watch tonight. Stop by Orleans and you can watch it all

Red Sox and Angels @10.05pm

NBA PLAY OFFS
Bulls Vs Pacers  7.30pm
Heat Vs 76ers  8pm
Mavericks Vs Trail blazers 10.30pm

NHL PLAY OFFS
Bruins Vs Canadiens 7pm
Blackhawks Vs Canucks 10pm
Sharks Vs Kings 10.30pm, Greg Luttrell live at 7pm Tomorrow no cover, Tonights Dinner Specials

Appetizers

Soft-Shell Maryland Crab
Deep-Fried and Served with Summer Coleslaw
$8

Entrees

Chicken Parmesan
Penne Pasta, Plum Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella
$16
  
Pork Tenderloin
Roasted Red Bliss Potatoes, Grilled Asparagus, Port Wine Reduction
$18

Caribbean Soft-Shell Crab Sandwich
Served with Avocado and Chipotle Mayo on a Portuguese Sweet Roll
$12




Rotating Drafts
Wacko  Summer
Sam Adams Summer
Sam Adams Rustic Saisaon
Hooker Irish Red 
Shipyard xxxx IPA 
Notch Pilsner

Sam Adams Latitude 28
Sam Adams  Stout
Blue Moon Full Moon 
$4

Special 22oz Btl. 
Harpoon 100 Barrel Series ~ Catamount Maple Wheat 
$12
Wine Specials
Il Donat Pinot Grigio, Italy

Hayman and Hill
Meritage, California

Gls $7    Btl  $26, Join us For Our $350 Jackpot!Trivia at 8pm, Monday Night Pasta specials

Chicken Parmesan
Penne Pasta, Plum Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella
$14.95
  
Frutti de Mare
Mussels, Calamari, Shrimp, Spicy White Wine Garlic Sauce
Over Spaghetti
$14.95

Chorizo & Chicken
Shallots, Asparagus, Tomato, Sherry cream sauce
Over Farfelle
$14.95, Game 3 - Bruins vs. Canadiens at 7:00pm. Let's go B's!! We need this one!!, First Of The Season Maryland Soft Shell Crabs Will Premier This Wednesday On Our Dinner Specials!, Tonights Dinner Specials


Appetizer
Fish Tacos
Three Corn Tortillas, Crispy Fried Cod, Chimichurri, Spicy Slaw 
and Chipotle Aioli
$9

Entreesf

Chicken Parmesan
Penne Pasta, Plum Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella
$16
  
Frutti de Mare
Mussels, Calamari, Shrimp, Spicy White Wine Garlic Sauce
Over Spaghetti
$20

Chorizo & Chicken
Shallots, Asparagus, Tomato, Sherry cream sauce
Over Farfelle
$17


Rotating Drafts
Wolaver’s Wildflower Wheat
Sam Adams Summer
Sam Adams Chocolate Bock
Hooker Irish Red 
Long Trail Triple Bag  
Notch Pilsner

Sam Adams Latitude 28
Sam Adams  Stout
Blue Moon Full Moon 
$4

Special 22oz Btl. 
Harpoon 100 Barrel Series ~ Catamount Maple Wheat, Join Us Tonight At 9:00 For The Hub Dub! Our New House Reggae Band Playing All Your New And Old Hits!, Running The Boston Marathon! Come In Tomorrow For A Special Night Of Pasta Specials., Join Us Starting Tomorrow At 9:00 For The Hub Dub! Our New House Reggae Band Playing All Your New And Old Hits!, First Of The Season Maryland Soft Shell Crabs Will Premier This Wednesday On Our Dinner Specials!, Join us Tonight For Karaoke from 9-2am!! Come Sing or Request Your Favorite Song With Our New Karaoke DJ!!, First Of The Season Maryland Soft Shell Crabs Will Premier This Wednesday On Our Dinner Specials!, Tonights Dinner Specials
Entrees
Pepperoni Pizza
$12


Seafood Pasta
Pan Seared Salmon, Mahi Mahi and Mussels Served over Spaghetti with 
a Spicy Pink Tomato Sauce
$20

Chicken Pot Pie
Tender White Meat Chicken with Peas, Carrots, Celery, Onions and Mashed Potatoes, Topped with Flaky Pastry 
$16

Pan Seared Beef Medallions
Served with Mashed Potatoes, Grilled Asparagus 
Topped with a Mushroom Gravy
$18


Rotating Drafts
Wolaver’s Wildflower Wheat
Sam Adams Summer
Sam Adams Chocolate Bock
Hooker Irish Red 
Long Trail Triple Bag  
Notch Pilsner

Sam Adams Latitude 28
Sam Adams  Stout
Blue Moon Full Moon 
$4

Special 22oz Btl. 
Harpoon 100 Barrel Series ~ Catamount Maple Wheat 
$12

Drink Special
Chocolate Covered Pretzels
Pinnacle Whipped Chocolate, Frangelico, Salt Rim
$8, Live DJ Tomorrow Night Spinning All Your Favorite Tunes Tomorrow Night 10-2!, Greg Luttrell live at Tonight no cover!, Greg Luttrell live at 7pm Tomorrow no cover, Join us For Our $300 Jackpot!Trivia at 8pm, Rotating Drafts

Wolaver’s Wildflower Wheat
Sam Adams Summer
Sam Adams Chocolate Bock
Hooker Irish Red 
Long Trail Triple Bag  
Notch Pilsner

Blue Moon Full Moon $4

Special 22oz Btl. 
Harpoon 100 Barrel Series ~ Catamount Maple Wheat 
$12

Drink Special 
Il Donata Pinot Grigio - Italy 
Gl $8 Btl $30

Chocolate Covered Pretzels
Pinnacle Whipped Chocolate, Frangelico, Salt Rim
$8, The Red Sox need your support, come to orleans and support your team.

DEntrees
Pepperoni Pizza
$12

Grilled Flat Iron Steak
Mash potatoes, Grilled Asparagus, Black Pepper Demi Glace
$19

Farfalle Pasta
Sautéed Chicken, Chorizo, Shallots, Asparagus, Sweet Peas
Garlic White Wine Sauce
$16

Pan Seared Mahi Mahi
Roasted  Red Bliss Potatoes, Ratatouille 
$18
inner Specials, Pasta 
Night at Orleans
Come try one of our Pasta Specials only $14.95, comes with house salad.
Pasta Specials
All entrees served with side salad
$14.95 

Thai Chicken Noodle Salad
Lo Mien Noodles, Wasabi Dressing, and Crisp Asian Vegetables 

Beef and Pork Bolognese
Plum Tomato Sauce, Pecorino Romano, Farfelle Pasta

Macaroni and Cheese
Chorizo, Shallots, Peas, Penne Pasta, Join Us Starting Tomorrow At 10:00 For The Hub Dub! Our New House Reggae Band Playing All Your New And Old Hits!, 60 Degrees Tomorrow = Brunch On the Patio! Priceless, null, Join us Tonight For Karaoke from 9-2am!! Come Sing or Request Your Favorite Song With Our New Karaoke DJ!!, The Patio Is Now Open!, Opening Day in Boston!!! Come on in and see if the Red Sox can finally break their losing streak as they open Fenway Park for the 2011 season. Red Sox vs. NY Yankees on our 12 new HD TV's. Game starts at 2:05pm.  
We are featuring 20 draft beers to tap (including Sam Adams Summer Ale) and a bar menu with $4.95 appetizers., Greg Luttrell live at 7pm Tomorrow no cover, Bruins Vs Islanders 7pm, Red Sox Vs Indians 7pm, Join Us Starting This Sunday At 10:00 For The Hub Dub! Our New House Reggae Band Playing All Your New And Old Hits!, Join us For Our $250 Jackpot!Trivia at 8pm, Tonights Dinner Specials

Appetizer

Veggie Egg Rolls 
Packed with Veggies, Deep Fried and Served with Duck Sauce
$8

 Golden BBQ Pork Sliders
Topped with Jack Cheese and Served with House Chips
$10


Entrees

Salmon Fish and Chips
Hand Battered and Served with House Cut French Fries, 
Coleslaw and Tartar Sauce
$14


Beef Teriyaki Lo Mein
With Mixed Vegetables and Hoisen Sauce on Top of Egg Lo Mein 
$17


Chicken Picatta
 Served with House Mash, Haricot Vert and Topped with Lemon Caper Sauce
$18


Rotating Drafts
Wolaver’s Wildflower Wheat
Sam Adams Noble Pilsner
Sam Adams Chocolate Bock
Hooker Irish Red 
Long Trail Triple Bag  
Notch Pilsner
Blue Moon Winter

Special 22oz Btl. 
Harpoon 100 Barrel Series ~ Catamount Maple Wheat 
$12

Wine Special 
Il Donata Pinot Grigio - Italy 
Gl $8 Btl $30, Starting Sunday April 10th Live Reggae Music
10pm -12.30am
Never a cover charge, Monday Night Specials

Appetizer
Cajun Shrimp Tacos
Pico de Gallo, Kickin Bayou Sauce
$8

Pasta Specials
All entrees served with side salad
$14.95 

Sweet Italian Sausage
Shallots, Asparagus, Spinach, Garlic White Wine Sauce
Over Penne Pasta

Beef Lo Mein
Beef Medallions, Asian Vegetables, Chinese Oyster Sauce

Lobster Ravioli
Leeks, Mushrooms, Sweet Peas in a Sherry Cream Sauce, Matchup: No. 3 seed Connecticut clashes with No. 8 seed Butler in the 2011 NCAA National Championship Game in Houston, Texas.

Date/Time: Monday, April 4, 2011 - 9:23 p.m. EDT.

ORLEANS BE THERE, null, null, Red Sox V's rangers @2.30pm
Celtics V's Pistons @6pm
20 draft Beers, 
10 HD TVs, you know where you should be!!!, Red Sox vs Rangers 8:05pm, Join Us Starting Next Sunday At 9:30 For The Hub Dub! Our New House Reggae Band Playing All Your New And Old Hits!, Saturdays Dinner Specials


Appetizer

Devilish Eggs
Five Deviled Eggs with a Spicy Kick, Topped with Grilled Jalapenos
$5

Fenway Pizza
Italian Sausage, Roasted Red Peppers, Onions and Mozzarella Cheese
$10


Entrees

Lobster Ravioli
Leeks, Mushrooms, Sweet Peas in a Sherry Cream Sauce
$20


Grilled Flat Iron Steak
Served with Basmati Rice and Garlic Collard Greens and Topped with a Black Pepper Demi-Glace
$19


Grilled Pork Tenderloin 
Served with House Mashed Potatoes and Grilled Asparagus 
Topped with a Sweet Chipotle Glaze
$18


Rotating Drafts
Wolaver’s Wildflower Wheat
Sam Adams Noble Pilsner
Sam Adams Chocolate Bock
Hooker Irish Red 
Long Trail Triple Bag  
Notch Pilsner


Special Draft Today
Blue Moon Winter $5, Join us Tonight For Karaoke from 9-2am!! Come Sing or Request Your Favorite Song With Our New Karaoke DJ!!, Friday Dinner Specials

Appetizer

Bbq Pulled Pork Sliders
House Chips, Jack cheese
$12
Pepperoni and Prosciutto Pizza
$12

Entrees

Frutti de Mare
Mussels, Shrimp, Salmon, Spaghetti,
Spicy Plum Tomato Sauce
$20

Blackened Flat Iron Steak
Garlic Mash, Watercress Salad
$19

Chicken Picatta
Sliced Red Bliss Potatoes, Haricot Vert, Lemon Caper Sauce
$17, It's that time of year again... let's go Red Sox!  Come watch the game on our large flat screen tv's, enjoy some delicious food, and try any of our 20 draft beers and large bottled beer list.
DJ tonight, Karaoke tomorrow night...and next Sunday starts Reggae Sundays!

Enjoy your weekend!, Let's go Red Sox, Greg Luttrell live at 7pm, no cover, Baseball, Baseball, Baseball, All the Games, All the time,
4 more New HD TVs, not a bad seat in the house
Orleans' the Davis Square headquaters for Red sox Fans, Tonights Dinner Specials

Appetizer Specials

Loaded Baked Potato Skins
Topped with Bacon, Jack Cheese, Scallions 
and Sour Cream
$7


Dinner Specials 
Chicken Picatta 
Served with Red Bliss Potatoes and Grilled Asparagus 
Topped with a Lemon Caper and White Wine Sauce
$16

Sausage and Chicken Fettuccine
Chicken, Shallots, Broccoli, and Cherry Tomatoes in
A Garlic and White Wine Sauce over Dave’s Fresh Fettuccine
$16


Mussels and Calamari 
Tossed with Angel Hair Pasta in a Spicy Plum Tomato Sauce
$17

Drink Specials
Sam Adams Chocolate Bock
Notch Session Pilsner
Organic Wildflower Wheat
Longtrail Triple Bag
Hooker Irish Red
Harpoon Summer 

Blue Moon Full Moon Winter
$5

Gallo Pinot Noir
$8

Primaterra Pinot Grigio
$8, Join us For Our $250 Jackpot!Trivia at 8pm, Pasta Specials
All entrees served with side salad
$14.95 

Shrimp & Daves’s Fresh Angel Hair
Zucchini, Squash. Garlic white wine sauce

 Fresh Fettuccine
Chicken, Shallots, Asparagus, Broccoli
Creamy Alfredo Sauce

 Penne
Mushrooms, Leeks, Chorizo, Grape Tomatoes
Creole cream sauce

Baked Cheese Ravioli
Pink Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Join us Tomorrow Night For Karaoke from 9-2am!! Come Sing or Request Your Favorite Song With Our New Karaoke DJ!!, Orleans Restaurant
Don't forget Sam Adams Luncheon at Orleans 
Saturday 26th of March at 2pm
$30 per person includes food and beverages
Contact Scott@orleansrestaurant.com 



Sam Adams Beer Luncheon 

Beer Battered Fish Tacos with a Spicy Cabbage Slaw, Chimichurri and Chipotle Aioli 

North Carolina Pulled Pork Sliders with a Vinegar Slaw 

Jerk Grilled Chicken Eggrolls with Honey and Pineapple Salsa 

Crispy Lamb Lollipops with a Beer Infused Mustard and Panko Crust, served with a watercress salad dressed in Lemon Aioli 

Stout Braised Beef with Horseradish Mashed Potatoes and Garlic Greens 

Chocolate Boch Ice Cream Float, Tonights Dinner Specials

Appetizer Specials
Chili Fire Pot
A Cast Iron Cauldron Layered with Cream Cheese, Pub Style Chili, Chorizo, Tomatoes, Green Chilies and Melted Cheese, Sour Cream and Jalapenos 
Served with House Fried Tortilla Chips 
$12

Fried Pickles 
Served with Kickin Bayou Sauce
$7


Dinner Specials 
Pan Seared Rib-Eye Steak
Served with Baked Potato, Grilled Asparagus and 
Topped with Gorgonzola Cheese 
$21

Chicken and Chorizo Penne 
With Asparagus, Shallots and Tomatoes in a Garlic White Wine Sauce
$17

Crab Meat Burger
Served on a Toasted Roll with Lettuce, Tomato and Chipotle Aioli
Choice of House Cut French Fries, Salad or Cup of Soup
$14
Drink Specials
Sam Adams Chocolate Bock
Notch Session Pilsner
Wolavers Organic Wildflower Wheat
Longtrail Triple Bag
Hooker Nor’Easter
Gallo Pinot Noir
$8
Primaterra Pinot Grigio
$8, Live DJ Tonight Spinning All Your Favorite Tunes  10-2!, PostOrleans Restaurant
Tomorrow is the SAM ADAMS BEER LUNCHEON at Orleans 
March 26th, at 2pm
$30 per person includes food and beverages
RSVP to Scott@orleansrestaurant.com or call (617) 591-2100

...That's right, 6 rounds of FOOD + BEER PAIRINGS FOR $30!

6 Courses include: 

1) Beer Battered Fish Tacos with a Spicy Cabbage Slaw, Chimichurri and Chipotle Aioli 

2) North Carolina Pulled Pork Sliders with a Vinegar Slaw 

3) Jerk Grilled Chicken Eggrolls with Honey and Pineapple Salsa 

4) Crispy Lamb Lollipops with a Beer Infused Mustard and Panko Crust, served with a watercress salad dressed in Lemon Aioli 

5) Stout Braised Beef with Horseradish Mashed Potatoes and Garlic Greens 

6) Chocolate Bock Ice Cream Float, Join us For Our $550 Jackpot!Trivia at 8pm, It's not too late to RSVP to the SAM ADAMS BEER LUNCHEON at Orleans 
This Saturday, March 26th, at 2pm
$30 per person includes food and beverages
Contact Scott@orleansrestaurant.com 

That's right, 6 COURSES + BEER PAIRINGS FOR $30!
...

6 Courses include: 

Beer Battered Fish Tacos with a Spicy Cabbage Slaw, Chimichurri and Chipotle Aioli 

North Carolina Pulled Pork Sliders with a Vinegar Slaw 

Jerk Grilled Chicken Eggrolls with Honey and Pineapple Salsa 

Crispy Lamb Lollipops with a Beer Infused Mustard and Panko Crust, served with a watercress salad dressed in Lemon Aioli 

Stout Braised Beef with Horseradish Mashed Potatoes and Garlic Greens 

Chocolate Boch Ice Cream FloatSee More, Don't forget  Sam Adams Luncheon at Orleans 
Saturday 26th of March at 2pm
$30 per person includes food and beverages
Contact Scott@orleansrestaurant.com 



Sam Adams Beer Luncheon 

Beer Battered Fish Tacos with a Spicy Cabbage Slaw, Chimichurri and Chipotle Aioli 

North Carolina Pulled Pork Sliders with a Vinegar Slaw 

Jerk Grilled Chicken Eggrolls with Honey and Pineapple Salsa 

Crispy Lamb Lollipops with a Beer Infused Mustard and Panko Crust, served with a watercress salad dressed in Lemon Aioli 

Stout Braised Beef with Horseradish Mashed Potatoes and Garlic Greens 

Chocolate Boch Ice Cream Float, Goin to the parade? Stop by Orleans for brunch on the way., Join us Tonight For Karaoke from 9-2am!! Come Sing or Request Your Favorite Song With Our New Karaoke DJ!!, Tonights Dinner Specials

Appetizer Specials
Boston Rolls 
A corned Beef dinner inside a crispy egg roll
W/ warren tavern garlic mustard
$7
Fried Pickles
Thinly sliced pickles hand breaded w/ ragin cajun bayou sauce
$7

Dinner Specials 

Blackened Flank Steak
Gorgonzola Mash, grilled asparagus, drizzled with black truffle oil
$20


Three Alarm Linguine 
Chicken, shrimp, andouille sausage, 
with a spicy cream sauce and house baked coconut corn bread
$18

Guinness Beef and Lamb Stew
Beef and Lamb in a rich gravy with Potatoes, carrots, and turnips
$14

Drink Specials
Sam Adams Chocolate Bock
Notch Session Pilsner
Blue moon Winter
Wolavers  Organic Wildflower Wheat
Longtrail Triple Bag
Hooker Nor’Easter

Columbia Crest Merlot
2007 columbia valley
Gls $7     btl $26, 6 nations rugby live 1pm
Ireland v England
True rivalry, Come and join us for the St Paddy's day after party, enjoy Blackened Flank Steak with gorgonzola mash, grilled asparagus, drizzled with a black truffel oil, Join us Tomorrow For the Start Of March Madness!, Tonights Dinner Specials

Appetizer Specials
Cheese Fries 
Topped with home made chili
$7
Bruschetta
Served with mixed greens
$8


Dinner Specials 
BBQ Potato Pizza 
Bacon, Scallions, Sliced Potatoes, BBQ Sauce, 
and topped with Sour Cream
$10

Sautéed Chicken Farafelle
Served with Chorizo, Broccoli, Tomatoes and Shallots in a 
Garlic White Wine Sauce 
$17

Roasted Red Pepper and Goat Cheese Ravioli
Asparagus, Shallots, Sweet Peas, in a pink Tomato Sauce
$18




Drink Specials
Sam Adams Chocolate Bock
Sam Adams Noble Pils
Notch Session Pilsner
Blue moon Winter
Wolavers  Organic Wildflower Wheat
Longtrail Triple Bag
Hooker Nor’Easter

Columbia Crest Merlot
2007 columbia valley
Gls $7     btl $26, Join us For Our $500 Jackpot!Trivia at 8pm, Get Your Irish On at Orleans for St Patricks Day
Salmon Fish and Chips
Traditional Boiled Dinner
Greg Luttrell live at 7pm
Special Cocktails......................................, Come to Orleans for St Pattricks Day, 
Traditional Irish Food, Fun Cocktails and Greg Luttrell playing from 7pm to 10pm. We never have a cover and we have lots of Guinness!!!!, It's monday night, stop by Orleans for some Pasta, $14.95 with a house Salad, Thanks to everyone that showed up for our Launch party last night!  It was a great success.  If you were not able to make it, you can stop in anytime to see our new look and new menus!, Wait until you see our new look...renovations came out great!  We look forward to seeing all of you tonight at our LAUNCH PARTY!  7-10pm, Don't forget, you are all welcome to our Launch party tomorrow night, 7-10pm.  Bring friends and have some fun.  Check out our new look and new menus!, THIS THURSDAY IS ORLEANS' LAUNCH PARTY!  7-10PM
Help us celebrate our new look and menus with a big bash...
-live DJ & complimentary hors d'oeuvres
We look forward to partying with you!, Tonights Dinner Specials

Appetizer
Baja Shrimp Tacos 
Lightly Breaded Shrimp Wrapped in Flour Tortilla with a Spicy Cabbage Slaw, 
Smoked Jalapeno Aioli with a side of Sweet Coleslaw
$7


Entrees
Penne Bolognaise 
A Rich and Hearty Sauce of Pork and Beef Tossed with Penne Pasta
Finished with Fresh Grated Parmesan Cheese 
$16

Pan Seared Salmon and Steamed Mussels 
Served with Red Bliss Potatoes, Brussels Sprouts with a Garlic White Wine Sauce
$22

Baked Stuffed Cajun Chicken Breast
Tender Chicken Breast Stuffed with Chorizo, Prosciutto, Leeks, and Spinach Served with Basmati Rice and Finished with a Cajun Cream Sauce                   
$18

Grilled Flank Steak 
Served with Mashed Potatoes, Grilled Asparagus and a Pepper Merlot Demi-Glace
$20

Dessert Special 
House Baked Chocolate Chip Cookies and Vanilla Ice Cream with Warm Chocolate Ganache 
$6.95

Drink Specials
Sam Adams Chocolate Bock
Sam Adams Nobel Pils
Notch Session Ale
Blue moon Winter
Peak Organic IPA
Longtrail Triple Bag


The 1818
Herring cherry liquor,  Bombay Gin, Fresh Lime, Splash Lemonade, Join us Tonight For Karaoke from 9-2am!! Come Sing or Request Your Favorite Song With Our New Karaoke DJ!!, null, Live DJ Tomorrow Night Spinning All Your Favorite Tunes Tomorrow Night 10-2!, St Patricks Day Specials

Traditional Boston Corned Beef Dinner
With boiled root vegetables and Cabbage 
15
...
Guinness Beef and Lamb Stew
Beef and Lamb in a rich gravy with Potatoes, carrots, and turnips
14

Irish BLT
Irish Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato with house potato chips

Salmon Fish and Chips
With hand cut fries, house coleslaw, tartar sauce
10

Corned Beef Sandwich
Served on a grilled Roll with yellow mustard and house Potato Chips
10

Whiskey Bread Puddin
With a Jameson crème Englaise
6, Tonights Dinner Specials

Appetizer
Baby Lamb Chops 
Lightly Breaded and Pan Seared Served with Sweet Potatoes Mashed
And Topped with Mint Jelly 
$12

Crab Cakes
Served with mixed green salad topped with chipotle aioli
$12

Entrees
Cheese Ravioli
Served with Leeks, Mushrooms, Sweet Peas and Spinach
In a Sherry Cream Sauce 
$16

Penne Pasta
With Sauteed Chicken and Chorizo, Shallots, Asparagus, and Tomatoes
Tossed in a White Wine and Garlic Sauce
$18

Grilled Flank Steak 
Served with Mashed Potatoes, Grilled Asparagus and a Horse Radish Demi-Glace
$20

Drink Specials
Sam Adams Chocolate Bock
Sam Adams Nobel Pils
Notch Session Ale
Blue moon Winter
Peak Organic IPA
Longtrail Triple Bag

The 1818
Herring cherry liquor,  Bombay Gin, Fresh Lime, Splash Lemonade
$9, Join us This Saturday For Karaoke from 9-2am!! Come Sing or Request Your Favorite Song With Our New Karaoke DJ!!, Join us Tonight For Pour Your Own Pint Sponsored by Guiness From 7-9!!, Live Music With Greg Luttrell Tonight Night 7pm!!, Live Music With Greg Luttrell Tomorrow Night 7pm!!, Join us Tomorrow For Pour Your Own Pint Sponsored by Guiness From 7-9!!, Join us For Our $400 Jackpot!Trivia at 8pm
Join us For Our $400 Jackpot!Trivia at 8pm, St Patricks Day Specials

Traditional Boston Corned Beef Dinner
With boiled root vegetables and Cabbage 
15

Guinness Beef and Lamb Stew
Beef and Lamb in a rich gravy with Potatoes, carrots, and turnips
14

Irish BLT
Irish Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato with house potato chips

Salmon Fish and Chips
With hand cut fries, house coleslaw, tartar sauce
10

Corned Beef Sandwich
Served on a grilled Roll with yellow mustard and house Potato Chips
10

Whiskey Bread Puddin
With a Jameson crème Englaise
6, Join us This Saturday For Karaoke from 9-2am!! Come Sing or Request Your Favorite Song With Our New Karaoke DJ!!, Join us For Our $400 Jackpot!Trivia at 8pm
Tomorrow night, Rotating Beers!!
Sam Adams Chocolate Bock
Sam Adams Nobel Pils
Notch Session Ale
Blue moon Winter
Peak Organic IPA
Longtrail Triple Bag, Our Launch Party is next Thursday...who's coming?  We can't wait to party with you all!, Try Our New Bar Menu Available Monday-Friday 3-7, Stop by and listen to the great Greg Luttrell tonight, yes he's back. Show starts at 7pm never a cover!, Try Our New Bar Menu Available Monday-Friday 3-7, Come Ceck Out Our Delicious New Dinner Menu and Join us For Our $400 Jackpot!Trivia at 8pm, It's Pasta Monday, stop by get a delicious bowl of pasta with a house Salad for $14.95
Have a Pint of Bluemoon winter ONLY $5, Stop by for brunch and catch the Forth round of the FA cup games at Orleans. 8 flat screen HD TV's  not a bad seat in the house.
 OH did I mention carrot cake French toast, Cool down  after a beautiful day at Orleans with Sam Adams, Promo and give aways from 7pm to 9pm. See you there, Come Ceck Out Our Delicious New Dinner Menu and Join us For Our $350 Jackpot Trivia at 8pm and the Celtics vs Nets at 7:30pm, Did somebody say it was goin to be 50 on thursday!! Lets celebrate at Orleans with Sam Adams from 5-7pm, we  will also be serving our new bar snack menu Mon - Fri from 3-7pm, It's not too late to make a reservation for Valentines day, pre fixe only $39.95., Come check out our Delicious Valentines Weekend Pre Fix Menu for $39.95 and Join us tomorrow for Brunch and Celtics v Miami Heat @ 1 and Bruins v Red Wings @ 12:30!, Get on The Orleans couch and let us help you help yourself to a great weekend

ALL NEW MENU!, Brave the cold for good food, good drinks and the celtics and lakers 8pm, It's not too late to make your Valentine's reservations... Call (617) 591-2100 to book your romantic evening. Check out our Valentine's event page to see the specials., Come Check Out Our Delicious New Dinner Menu and Join us For Our $300 Jackpot Trivia and the Bruins v Canadians at 7!, null, It's  Pasta Monday, stop by get a delicious bowl of pasta with a house Salad for $14.95
Don't forget to make your reservations for Valentines Day, orleans will be serving our Valentine menu all weekend, three course pre fixe for $39.95, wine pairings available., Sunday Funday

Start the day with our new Brunch menu, and a Jalapeno infused Bloody Mary
Then we got
Celtics Vs Magic 2.30pm 
And Then we have the 
Packers Vs Steelers
So if your a towel lover or a cheese lover join us at Orleans, 8 HD TV's, Large Screen, not a bad seat in the house.
Complimentary Apps and Give aways at have time. See you there, Did somebody say carrot cake French toast!!!, Got Cabin Fever? We've got the cure! 20 draft beers, exciting cocktails, and an all new menu at Orleans!, Are you a Cheesehead or a Terrible Towel? Either way, join us at Orleans this Sunday for our Super Bowl Party!
Enjoy the big game on our 8 HD TVs.  We have 20 draft beers, fun cocktails, NEW dinner menu, and COMPLIMENTARY Halftime appetizers & giveaways., Don't be afraid of the snow, come down to Orleans, 20 draft beers, Wine, Cocktails and a new dinner menu. Catch the Celtics and the Kings @ 10pm and 
Bruins and the Hurricanes @ 7pm, At least it's not the Pro Bowl!!! Celtics Vs Lakers 3pm
Stop by and check out our new menus, Forget the snow, drop in this weekend and try our new Brunch Menu, Look on the bright side we have Peak Orgainc IPA on tap and only 70 more days until opening day at Fenway, Come check out our exciting new Menus, and join us for our $200 jackpot trivia tonight!, New menu at Orleans, brave the weather and check it out,

Beer Specials
Sam Adams chocolate Bock
Harpoon Oak aged Dunkel 100 Barrel Series
Coming Soon
Peak Oraganic IPA, They say it's the coldest it's been in 2 years. We say, welcome back, New England winter!
Enjoy it with us from inside. Come try our homemade meatballs, but save room for dessert - Coconut Hot Chocolate. Mmmmm., Can the Jets bring Broadway Joe back of the barstool and beat the iron curtain...............Us Pats fans hope not game time 6.30pm, Da Bears V The Cheese Heads ............ Bring it on 3pm, Its raining
It's pouring
Come win trivia
At Orleans!!!!

Come in tonight for the $600 jackpot!!!
Trivia steve, new harpoon Celtic ale, and appetizer specials!!!!, If your nose is red
and your feet are blue
its warm at the "O"
and mussell specials too, 80 DAYS, 22 HOURS AND 27 MINS UNTIL RED SOX OPENING DAY!!!!!!!!
Pasta night $14.95 for pasta and salad,, Hey Rex Ryan we're watching FOOTball at Orleans today, 4.30pm, not a bad seat in the house., Trivia is still on tonight and there's money to be won!
Come in out of the snow tonight and warm up with Wed. night trivia! Try our delicious dinner specials, new rotating draft beers and specialty cocktails. 
Have great food, drinks and fun...maybe win the jackpot...and forget about the snow., happiness is a warm bun....
leave the resolutions at home tonight, Why is a raven like a writing desk?


Didn't win megamillions? 

Come in or the $500 Trivia jackpot!!
Appetizer specials from 5-7 pm, Our New Year's Eve menu!  It's not too late to make a reservation.  Call (617) 591-2100., Check out our menu for New Year's Eve! Great choices for a 3 course dinner for $39.95 (that includes the cover).

Don't miss out on the biggest party of the year! :), Hop on over to Orleans for Trivia Tonight!

$450 jackpot!!!!!!!!!1, Check out our menu for New Year's Eve!  Great choices for a 3 course dinner for $39.95 (that includes the cover).

Don't miss out on the biggest party of the year! :), and since theres no place to go
go to the "O"
go to the "O"
go to the "O"



TRIVIA $400!!!!!!!!!!, I like belgian beer. belgian beer is my favorite.

Mussel and Beer Specials all night!, New Year's Eve at Orleans!, Good Grief Mussels Tuesday Again

Get Cozy at Orleans Tonight with New Mussel and Belgian Beer Specials til 10!, Pasta night $14.95 for pasta and salad, 
Monday Night Football
Giants and Vikings
Ravens and Texans
$5 BAR SNACKS ALL NIGHT, Kitchen open until 11pm, Watch Arsenal and Man U live at 3pm. Who will go top of the league????, Come watch the Pats play the Bears in the 2010 Blizzard Bowl, game time 4pm
Great seasonal beers on Draft, GET RICH AND GET SMART!

ORLEANS TRIVIA TONIGHT $400!, Come in tonight for Mussel and Belgian Beer Specials!

Now featuring new Draft Beers:

Saranac Caramel Porter
...Notch Session Ale
Shipyard Prelude
McGovern's Organic Oatmeal Stout
Harpoon Leviathan imperial IPA
Harpoon hundred Barrel Series Oak Aged Dunkel 22oz botttle, PATS v' JETS AT 8.30PM, $5 Apps at the bar, and yes it gets better 
Pasta night $14.95 for pasta and salad, Orleans has the cure to first of the month blues.... $300 Trivia 

Join us and trivia steve for drink and appetizer specials. 

Bruins and flyers at 7
Celtics and trailblazers at 7:30
Trivia at 8, Come in tonight for Mussel and Belgian Beer Specials!

Now featuring new Draft Beers:

Saranac Caramel Porter
Notch Session Ale
Shipyard Prelude
McGovern's Organic Oatmeal Stout


Coming Soon:

Ottercreek Black IPA
Thomas Hooker Noreaster, Monday night football 49ers and cardinals, 8.30pm
Pasta night $14.95 for pasta and salad, $5 bar snacks all night. Stop by, Acoustic Music + New Cocktails= Hot Night at Orleans

Kick off The Cold Weather!, What restaurant has a $250 Trivia Jackpot and White trash nachos tonight???

Snaelro!!!!, Eagles and Redskins 8.30pm, Pasta Monday's, $14.95 for pasta and salad, Cotter's on the bar, start your week of right at Orleans!!!!!, Dj Pat is providing the soundtrack to your weekend! Enjoy Great Music, Great Sports , and Great NEW APPS!!!

Tomorrow is Sunday FUNDAY SO come over for wings and NFL ticket things!, TRAiT HIVING
(rearrange the letters for the Orleans Activity)

Let Orleans Host your Boston sports night!

We have great new appetizers and drinks to 
Accompany the Celtics and Bruins!

 Jackpot is at $600!!!, It's Monday, It's pasta night at Orleans!!!!
Drop by catch the game and  choose one of our pasta specials and get a house salad for just $14.95, It's Raining 
It's Pouring
There's a New Cocktail List 
AT ORLEANS!

Come in Tonight for 100.7 W2LX AND Corona Promo Giveaway

Tshirts, Corona Swag, and a SNOWBOARD!

Coronas to chase away the rain at Orleans. It's going to be a great Lime, It's Trivia Wednesday and You just paid rent!

Get in here and win the $550 Jackpot tonight!

We have NEW Appetizers, Entrees, and Drinks!!!!
Check out the new menu with your Favorite Wednesday Host TRIVIA STEVE, Great Mussel and Belgian Beer Specials
Choose from one of three styles of Mussels served with hand-cut french fries and a homemade aioli all for $14.95, Pasta Monday at Orleans 
Choose one of our Pasta Specials and get a House Salad with it for just $14.95
Starts at 4.30pm every Monday night., Halloween Trivia Night....TONIGHT!!  Cash Jackpot for trivia & prizes for best individual and team costumes!

Check out our great Fall beers & festive cocktails!

See you tonight!  Trivia starts at 8:30pm, Celebrate Beautiful Weather, Game one of the World Series, and Celtics Kick-off Game tonight at Orleans!

Great Mussel and Belgian Beer Specials
Choose from one of three styles of Mussels served with hand-cut french fries and a homemade aioli all for $14.95

Patio Season is almost over so make the most of Indian Summer with Belgian Craft Beer Specials all night, Join us at Orleans and watch the Celtics home opener....TONIGHT! 
Let's go Celtics!!, Sunday: start your sunday funday off with our brunch open at 10 am with the patriots playing 4:15 pm and watch all your favorite NFL teams here with the NFL ticket

Monday: enjoy our half price apps 5-11 while you watch monday night football, Come in tonight and join us for Fall drink specials and Greg Live and Acoustic. Yankees and Rangers game starts at 8:07 and we are open till 2!

Tomorrow enjoy Orleans Bloodys and any College Football game you want to see!

It's Tufts Parents Weekend so make sure to show the folks a great place, a great time, and of course the tab:), Check out the TV DINER (NECN) review of our sister restaurant, Barlow's..., Tonight, 6-8pm is our Sam Adams Octoberfest mug giveaway!!  Don't miss out!, Join us at Orleans for our big Halloween bash on Saturday, Oct. 30th!, Sam Adams Octoberfest Mug Give away Thursday 6-8 pm, null, Tonight LCS American League at 4pm and National League at 8pm. half price Apps at the bar 5-7pm., Its Team Trivia Wednesday! Join us tonight for a chance to win our $300 jackpot or gift card prizes ... Every Wednesday starting at 8:00 p.m. Join us Next Wednesday for team trivia Halloween party. Prizes for best group costume., Tonight half priced apps from 5-11. Monday night Football on 9 Tv's, starty our sunday fun off  with a Corona taligate party! 1pm free give aways! Patriots 1 pm and see all of our other games with the NFL ticket, and enjoy our brunch until 3 pm 

monday night football tommrow night with half price apts from 5- 11 pm, Sam Adams Octoberfest Mug Give away Thursday 6-8 pm, Tonight at Orleans DJ Pat plays the tunes from 10pm and keeps it going till 2 am

Sunday: start your sunday funday off with out brunch open at 10 am with the patriots playing 1 pm and watch all your favorite NFL teams here with the NFL ticket

Monday: enjoy our half price apps 5-11 while you watch monday night football

Thursday: join us For a Sam Adams mug give away 6 -8 pm, null, Come Enjoy the Acoustic Stylings of Maxi from 9-12 tonight & American League Playoffs!

Don't forget to chase the Friday Mojitos with a  Saturday Bloody Mary & College Football All day....Until the National League Playoffs & DJ Pat 

Sunday Funday kicks off with the Patriots at 1 & all other NFL Teams with the Sunday Ticket

Watch Monday Night Football while eating some of our HALF PRICED APPS at the Bar from 5-11, Are you ready for Trivia tomorrow night? Who will win the jackpot?!, Greg Luttrell every Thursday in october at orleans. NO COVER, Are you ready for Trivia tomorrow night?  Who will win the jackpot?!, Join us every Sunday at Orleans for NFL football.
We show all the games all the time.
Cold Beer, Good Food, Football, the perfect day, Can you pour the perfect pint of Guinness? Come to Orleans Wenesday oct 29th  from 7-9pm and try...

Every Wednesday night is Trivia Night at Orleans! Tonight's jackpot is $250...trivia starts at 8:30pm.


Teams up to 6 players and it's always free to play., We have Direct TV's NFL Sunday Ticket & NCAA College Gameday!

Come get your football fix with good food & cold beer!!, Every Wednesday night is Trivia Night at Orleans! Tonight's jackpot is $350...trivia starts at 8:30pm.

Teams up to 6 players and it's always free to play., Pasta Monday at Orleans 
Choose one of our Pasta Specials and get a House Salad with it for just $14.95
Starts at 4.30pm every Monday night.

Monday Night Football Double header at Orleans
Jets v's Ravens  at 7pm
Chiefs v's Chargers at 10pm
Complimentary NOLA wings at halftime! Come in before the game for $5 Bar Snacks 5-7pm, Every Wednesday night is Trivia Night at Orleans!  

Trivia starts at 8pm.
Cash jackpot & prizes to be won.  
Teams up to 6 players and it's always free to play.

We look forward to seeing you there!, Pasta Monday at Orleans Choose one of our Pasta Specials and get a House Salad with it for just $14.95
Starts at 4.30pm every Monday night., Be the first to hear about our specials & promotions!  Click on the "Join" tab above to join our eclub., Summer is here!  Enjoy delicious seafood specials & our outdoor patio!

Sundays (starting July 11th) are Seafood Sundays at Orleans!, Enjoy pre & post-show cocktails at Orleans!

Try any of our sinfully good "Sex and the City" inspired cocktail specials in honor of the Sex and the City 2 premier., Happy Cinco de Mayo! Come celebrate at Orleans. 

Enjoy the beautiful weather on our outdoor patio with $18 margarita carafes & Mexican-inspired dishes., Celebrate Cinco de Mayo this Wednesday (May 5th) at Orleans Restaurant!

Enjoy $18 pitchers of margarita and our outdoor patio!, Call (617) 591-2100 today to make your Mother's Day reservations!, Come in May 9th for Mother's Day.

*Mother's receive a complimentary mimosa!, Don't forget Trivia on Wednesday, 8pm, Cash jackpot and prizes to be won. Teams of 6, and it's free to play, Every Tuesday night at Orleans!, Belgian Beer and Mussels Night is Back. Come Join us at Orleans Tuesday April 6th and explore the classic pairing of Belgian beer and Mussels., HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!  Celebrate the day with great Irish food, music & plenty of fun at Orleans.  We look forward to seeing you!, Orleans Restaurant Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm, Cash jackpot and prizes to be won. Teams of 6, and it's free to play, Don't forget Trivia tonight, 8pm, Cash jackpot and prizes to be won. Teams of 6, and it's free to play, Live accoustic Music this Friday Feb 19th with Nate Watekins. Starts at 8pm no cover charge ever.....Start the weekend right, Pasta Monday at Orleans, Choose one of our Pasta Specials and get a House Salad for $14.95......Starts at 4.30pm, Saturday at Orleans with DJ eric. Playing top 40, all your favorite 80's and 90's. 10pm to 2am, no cover, see you there, Thursday at Orleans DJ Wonderlove and Dj Soulstice spinning the freshest funk, soul, R&B, old school hiphop and reggae. 9.30pm no cover, Get snowed in Wednesday night at orleans for Trivia, Jackpot is at $$$$500. Trivia starts at 8pm, teams of 6, prizes for 1st and 2nd place.  Get 18 out of 20 question to win jackpot. see you there....., Pasta Monday at Orleans, Choose one of our Pasta Specials and get a House Salad for $14.95......Starts at 4.30pm, It's Wednesday, that means trivia at Orleans, Jackpot is at $450 this week. Can your team get 18 out 20 questions to win?? Trivia starts at 8pm, teams of 6, prizes for first and second place and it's free to play., Pasta Monday at Orleans, Choose one of our Pasta Specials and get a House Salad for $14.95......Starts at 4.30pm, Saturday at Orleans with DJ eric. Playing top 40, all your favorite 80's and 90's. 10pm to 2am, no cover, see you there, Don't forget Trivia wednesday night at orleans. Jackpot is $400 this week, team must get 18 out of 20 questions. Gift certificates for 1st and 2nd place. Teams of six, starts at 8pm and it's free to play........, Pasta Monday at Orleans, Choose one of our Pasta Specials and get a House Salad for $14.95......Starts at 4.30pm, Start the weekend with live accoustic music at Orleans tonight with Aaron Denny. Starts at 8pm no cover., Thursday at Orleans DJ Wonderlove and Dj Soulstice spinning the freshest funk, soul, R&B, old school hiphop and reggae. 9.30pm no cover, Don't forget Trivia wednesday night at orleans. Jackpot is $350 this week, team must get 18 out of 20 questions. Gift certificates for 1st and 2nd place. Teams of six, starts at 8pm and it's free to play........, Pasta Monday at Orleans, Choose one of our Pasta Specials and get a House Salad for $14.95......Starts at 4.30pm, Saturday at Orleans with DJ eric. Playing top 40, all your favorite 80's and 90's. 10pm to 2am, no cover, see you there, Thursday at Orleans DJ Wonderlove and Dj Soulstice spinning the freshest funk, soul, R&B, old school hiphop and reggae. 9.30pm no cover, Don't forget Trivia tonight at orleans. Starts at 8Pm, cash Jackpot  of $300, team must get 18 out of 20 questions correct.  Prizes for first and second!!!!, Pasta Monday at Orleans, Choose one of our Pasta Specials and get a House Salad for $14.95......Starts at 4.30pm, Trivia is back this Wednesday at Orleans 8pm.  Teams of five and it's free to play. Jackpot this week $250., Tonight enjoy DJ Lovejoy spinning funk, soul, R&B, old school hiphop and reggae. 9.30pm to close, we never have a cover, Pasta Monday at Orleans, Choose one of our Pasta Specials and get a House Salad for $14.95......Starts at 4.30pm, Live accoustic Music tonight at Orleans with Nate Watekins, 8.30pm start, no cover, Thursday at Orleans DJ Wonderlove and Dj Soulstice spinning the freshest funk, soul, R&B and old school hiphop and reggae. 9.30pm no cover, Tivia is back this Wednesday at orleans, 8pm start, Teams of 5, no cover. Jackpot is $750 this week., Live Music tonight at Orleans with Nate Watekins, 8.30pm start, no cover., Join us Wednesday night at Orleans with DJ Wonderlove at 10pm. No cover Orleans Restaurant will be open Thanksgiving Night at 7pm, Friday November 20th, join us at Orleans with Magners Cider from 7pm to 8.45pm. Win an iPod Touch!!!!!!!!!, Thursday night at Orleans - DJ Wonderlove, spinning all your favorite dance and funk tunes. 10pm to 1am no cover., Join us Wednesday night at Orleans for Trivia, Jackpot  $700. Get 18 out of 20 questions, teams of 5, prizes for 1st and 2nd, starts at 8pm and it's free!!!!!, Trivia Wednesday Night, Jackpot is $650. Starts at 8pm, teams of Five, it's free to play, Join us tonight at Orleans, live music with Aaron Denny. Starts at 8pm. No cover, null, Join us Tomorrow Night 5th of November with Corona and WZLX at 5pm at Orleans. To Celebrate 60 years of Warren Miller filmaking. Win a Ski Weekend Getaway and a Burton Snowboard!!, Don't Forget Trivia tonight at Orleans, Jackpot is at $600. Starts at 8pm, Jackpot is getting bigger $600 this week. Team Trivia Wednesday 8pm, 5 per team, its free to play. Come early places fill up fast, Team Trivia Wednesday @8pm. Jackpot is up to $550. 5 per team and it's free to play, Prizes for  1st a 2nd place. Don't be late!!, null, Orleans Team Trivia Wednesday @ 8pm, this Weeks jasckpot is at $400. Teams of 5. Win Gift certificates and Cash. Come Early places fill up fast.!! It's FREE to play, null, Football Season is Back and we have the NFL Sunday ticket and  NCAA ESPN Gameplan. Come join us at orleans to catch all your favorite college and NFL teams every Saturday and Sunday. 9 HD TVs, Serving Brunch from 10am, Bar menu from 1pm, null, JACKPOT IS $750.ORLEANS TRIVIA EVERY WEDNESDAY @ 8PM, TEAMS OF 5. TEAMS MUST GET 18 OUT OF 20 QUESTIONS TO WIN JACKPOT. PRIZES FOR 1ST AND 2ND., null, null, ORLEANS TRIVIA JACKPOT IS GROWING. $600 ON WEDNESDAY JULY 1ST GAME STARTS AT 8PM, TEAMS OF FIVE. PRIZES FOR 1ST AN 2ND PLACE, JACKPOT IS $750. ORLEANS TRIVIA WEDNESDAY @ 8PM, TEAMS OF 5. TEAMS MUST GET 18 OUT OF 20 QUESTIONS TO WIN JACKPOT. PRIZES FOR 1ST AND 2ND., null, Patio Opening This Sunday!  New Brunch Menu -- featuring pancakes and waffles!)