List(null, We accept reservation for 4+ people. Save a table for your mom on Sunday!, 58 Times!, #Bostonstrong, genkiyasushi.com is back. Order on line and receive 10% back in rewards!, genkiyasushi.com is temporarily down. Please call in to make an order. We are sincerely sorry about the inconvenience. 

Genki Ya Group, A little corner that can help you understand us more. :), 60!!!! Hello from Cambridge!, アボカドと白ご飯の絶妙なバランス。　Avocado and rice. So simple but so delicious., Oh my uni, oh my ikura~~, Happy Saint Patrick's day! Order some "green" sushi today, like this Green Caterpillar Roll., Have some delicious sushi and be Genki all day!, null, Yay!!!, Dear Sushi Lovers,

We are experiencing a moderate delivering delay due to the traffic and weather condition. If you placed you order between 5:30pm--19:30pm, please estimate 60 minutes to 90 minutes delivering time. Thank you for your patience., null, Order some sushi from home before Blizzard hits Boston! Stay safe and warm folks!, Happy Martin Luther King's day!, Our Opening Hours on Christmas Eve, Christmas and New Year Eve: 

11:00AM - 10:30PM

Please make a reservation if you have a 6+ group! 

Have a good day!, Thank you for the nice tip!, A delicious anniversary meal! :)  what does yours look like?, null, Tomorrow is Pocky and Sushi's day!, Sailor Moon is back!, Guess what this is...lol, Father's day was founded by a lady, whose father was a civil war veteran, raised 6 children by himself. We love you, father., Wishing Everyone a Beautiful Weekend and a Happy Mother's day to all the Moms out there!, Salmon party!, I know our spicy mayo is very good!:) 

Happy Earth Day!, Happy Monday!, Give us a thumb up if you like our NEW menu!:), Crazy lunch rush again! 
What did you get for lunch today?😃, null, Happy WHITE Valentines day!, Sorry for all the inconvenience we brought to you this morning. We really appreciate your understanding. Please keep supporting us. 

Keep warm!, What a busy morning for us! 
Stay warm and stay dry folks!, Happy valentine's day! Please make a reservation if you have a big party come in tonight!, 56 pieces of California roll on multigrain rice! Yummmmm!, "Give me more spicy mayo!" ><, Merry Christmas!
We are OPEN regular hours today!! :)

Genki Ya, Sushi Special Veggie Version with Avocado, Spinach, Kinoko Tempura, Mango and Cucumber.  

How cute is that!, Note: We are OPEN regular hours on Christmas and New Year's Eve!

Genki Ya, Let's snow! Beantown's first snow of the season!, Can you give a name to it? ^^, A great Christmas gift for your family/friends!:), null, White Tuna Tataki:
Well-torched white tuna briefly marinated in homemade sauce. Yummmm!!!!

ごちそうさまでした｡ orz

Order at http://genkiyasushi.com/ and get a 10% back in rewards., Happy Veterans Day!!, Stunning photo! , Prepare some sushi for tonight at http://genkiyasushi.com/

Hurry up! Game 6 starts in less than TWO hours!, Sunset Roll:

A good amount of smashed spicy tuna on top of a shrimp tempura roll. Yummm!!!

ごちそうさまでした｡ orz

Order at genkiyasushi.com and get a 10% rewards., We love Genki Ya! We love Redsox! 
Order some sushi on Wednesday and get a 10% rewards!, Happy Columbus day!!! Come to Genki Ya to celebrate it with your family/friends or order online and get a 10% rewards!

Genki Ya (Brookline), Fall is just around the corner!
Genki Ya (Brookline), They are closed but we stay open., Vegetarian? No problem! We even have Vegan Options inside!, Hey Sushi lovers! Do you know that October 24 is the 3rd annual Food Day? Celebrate it with your friends, family and community! http://www.foodday.org/, If you are allergic to gluten/wheat, please get rid of the following ingredients/food when you are placing an order:
1. Eel and Eel Sauce 
2. Tempura Flakes
3. Crab Stick 
4. Regular Soy Sauce 
5. Any sushi or appetizer contains deep fried food 
6. Udon, One of the most frequent question we got from customers is, "Do you take a reservation?" 
Yes we do! If you have a party of more than 6 people, we highly recommend you make a reservation with us. 
However, if you have less than 6 people, we suggest you call us 15 minutes before your arrival to confirm the estimated waiting time!:), This sashimi combo is my FAVORITE food at Genki Ya, what about you? Share your experience with us here using "#genkiya" !!  :), If you have a party of more than five or six people, please make a reservation and we will set up the table for you! 
BTW we are opening on the regular schedule from 11am-10:30pm tomorrow!, This Tuesday June 18th was International Sushi Day!!! Are you ready to celebrate it this weekend? :), Congratulations Genki Ya (Brookline), You are selected as Top Rated Restaurant by EAT 24 again! We are proud of you!, Spicy tuna roll is one of the most popular sushi in Genki. The  main ingredients are: tuna, spicy mayo and tempura flakes, sushi rice and dry seaweed. The spicy mayo and chunky flakes make it match perfectly with a can of Japanese beer!, Genki Ya wall @ Genki Ya (Cambridge)

We have this message wall in every location (Brookline, Cambridge, Dedham) since the first day we opened. 
Thank you for your invaluable love and support. We will continue to make the BEST sushi for you!, null, is really busy this month. Please remember to make reservations if you plan on having a party of 5 or more., What is your favorite roll on our menu?, Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone! We are going to be open on St. Patty's Day and we will be still serving our lunch specials. Make sure to come in for some "green" food this Thursday!, wishes everyone a Happy New Year! We are open on New Year's Day, but only for dinner. Please have a safe and wonderful New Year's Eve., got a nice article written about it in the Boston
 Globe. Check it out: 
http://www.boston.com/yourtown/cambridge/articles/2010/07/21/genki_ya_offers_organic_natural_sushi_and_more/, is open July 4th!!!! We only accept reservations of 6 or more people, so come with a party!!!~)