List(TGIF friends!, This weather has us ready for a Bella Luna Martini! Hello, five o'clock!, Chef Farouk's special tonight has been a huge hit: Grilled Tenderloin Pizza with truffled mashed potato, Fontina, Gruyere + mozzarella cheese!, To all of our Openable diners, thank you for making us one of 'The 100 Best Restaurants in America!', We are thrilled to be named one of 'America's Hottest Restaurants 2016' by OpenTable!, Oklahoma City Thunder player Kevin Durant dropped in to have dinner with us!, Happy St. Patrick's Day! We will be pouring Guinness all day! 🍀🍀🍀, Thank you to Houston Rockets player James Harden for dropping in to have dinner with us!, Who doesn't love a good meatball? Celebrate National Meatball Day with us and enjoy Chef Farouk's Veal Wagyu Meatball topped with shredded Parmesan, over soft polenta, mushrooms in a peppercorn sauce! #nationalmeatballday, Zagat gives you the 'inside scoop' on how to snag a seat at some of Boston's hottest restaurants!, Dine Out Boston is here! Join us for lunch or dinner and enjoy a special three-course menu!, Chef Farouk's Friday night special - Hawaiian hamachi sashimi served nicoise style with quail egg and American Sturgeon Caviar!, We had special visitors today at The Varano Group, thanks to our friends at the New England Aquarium! Little baby penguins dropped in to say hi!, Chef Farouk's special for tonight, Seared Foie Gras with strawberry gastrique  and upside down apple tart !, Oh my, our Banana Split looking delicious!, Almost martini time! 🍸, Cheers to today being National Drink Wine Day! 🍷, Nick Varano and the 'Ultimate Proposal!' We wonder who the lucky lady is going to be? 💍, Thank you, MSN News!, Catch our gorgeous $75,000 Valentine's Day dessert on The Daily Meal!, Chef Alex's Red Velvet Salted Caramel Cake! Special for this weekend! ❤️, null, We had fun talking Valentine's Day with Julie Kramer on Radio BDC!, null, Thank you Refinery29!, Thank you Haute Living for including us in your '5 Haute Ways to Celebrate Valentine's Day in Boston!', Thank you to our friends at Boston Herald for featuring our 'Ultimate Proposal' dessert in today's paper!, Looking for some help proposing to your loved one this weekend? Here is our $75,000 'Ulitmate Proposal' dessert created for Valentine's Day! Chef Alex Bonnefoi has created a gorgeous hand-crafted chocolate orb with a sparkling 5 carat diamond solitaire nestled atop a piece of white chocolate cake! The answer is sure to be, YES!, Chef Alex's White Chocolate Cake with Raspberry Jelly + Raspberry Sorbetto., It's Super Bowl Sunday! Join us for the big game and our Game Day menu! 🏈🏈🏈, Check out The Varano Group owner Nick Varano on The Huffington Post today! Thank you for this great write-up!, Even though the New England Patriots aren't playing this weekend and you still want to watch the Super Bowl, come by for the big game and enjoy our Super Bowl Bar Bites Menu! Thank you Metro Boston for including us in '50 things to eat, drink and do for Super Bowl 50!', Join us for dinner and enjoy one of our steaks served with house made truffle butter!, Our February newsletter is out! Be sure to sign up to be the first to know about what is going on at STRIP by Strega!, Thank you to our friends at Zagat for including us in this deliciously beautiful round-up!, You just never know who who may drop in to have dinner with us! Thank you to Celtics player Isaiah Thomas + Floyd Mayweather for coming by!, Cheers to the weekend!, Sip on our 2011 Tenuta San Guido 'Sassicaia' Super Tuscan this evening! This blend delivers a ripe bouquet of wild blackberries, Mediterannean herbs and almond., Our bar is the perfect place to warm up on this wintery afternoon!, Thank you to our friends at Boston Common Magazine for including us in 'Where to Watch the Patriots Game' this weekend!, Traveling to Boston for business? VirginAtlantic has us on the list of 'where to dine' while visiting the city!, Make plans to grab the best seat in the house to catch the New England Patriots take on Denver Broncos! Kick off at 3:05pm! 🏈🏈🏈, Warm up with Chef Farouk's cassoulet this winter! Chef Farouk shares his family recipe with our good friends at Boston Herald! Check it out in today's paper., Warm up with our Gnocchi +Cheese! Enjoy bites of soft gnocchi, melted cheese, topped with breadcrumbs!, Chef Farouk's special for tonight is a Shrimp + Clam appetizer with squid ink risotto, Parmesan in a chili  oil!, Let's get the weekend started! 🍸, Winter weather is officially here. Warm up with a hot bowl of our Wild Mushroom Soup!, Sunday night snack anyone? We love this photo of our Tuna Tartare!, Make this your Friday night view--our Lobster Gnocchi,🍷& good company make for a perfect start to the weekend!, Happy Thursday! Join us for a cocktail to celebrate the almost-weekend!, Honored to be named one of 'Boston's 50 best new restaurants!' by The Boston Globe!, Keep up your healthy eating New Year Resolutions with our protein-packed lunch options, such as The Greek salad with shrimp, quinoa, feta, Kalamata olives, red onion and tomato!, Thank you to Zagat for naming us one of the 'Ten Hottest New Steakhouses in the U.S.!'  We can't wait to see what 2016 brings!
https://www.zagat.com/b/10-hottest-new-steakhouses-of-2015-around-the-u.s, Sunday football or Sunday meatball? No matter which you prefer (we love both🍝🏈), join us tonight for dinner after the game!, Happy first weekend of 2016! Treat yourself to our Banana Split!, Thank you to Mami-Eggroll for a review of our Executive Lunch while visiting Boston!, Brunch is in full swing at STRIP by Strega!, Celebrate the first day of 2016 with us! Join us for brunch, dinner or drinks!, As this year comes to a close, we are thinking back to the magic of our opening night celebration and all the great friends we made this year. We look forward to bringing Boston many more Strega experiences! Thank you for a great 2015, onto 2016!, Thank you for including us Boston Common Magazine!, Take a sip of everyone's new favorite winter cocktail, 'Nick's Chilly Coco' with Stoli Vanil + Chilled Hot Chocolate!, What a year it has been since opening in April! Thank you to everyone for all the support! We look forward to seeing you in 2016!, Join us on New Year's Day for brunch and our Bloody Mary bar featuring Hammer + Sickle Vodka!, Start 2016 off at STRIP by Strega with our New Year's Day Brunch!  Chef has selected these breakfast items to be paired with our lunch menu. Enjoy a live DJ and our Bloody Mary Bar, too!, Decompress after this long holiday weekend with Nick's Hot Chocolate!, Christmas may be over, but we're still celebrating! Indulge in our festive White Chocolate Cake with Raspberry Sorbetto tonight!, From our family to yours, Merry Christmas!, We are getting in the Christmas spirit with our Feast of the Seven Fishes today!, Deck the halls! We're putting the finishing touches on our holiday decor in preparation for tomorrow's festivities!

A friendly reminder of our holidays hours:
Christmas Eve - 11:30am-8pm
Christmas Day - Closed
New Year's Eve - Regular Hours, Thank you Boston Common Magazine for including Chef Bazoune's Porchetta as one of the best dishes your team enjoyed in 2015!, Our Holiday Hours:
Christmas Eve - 11:30am-8pm
Christmas Day - Closed
New Year's Eve -  Regular Hours, Grab a spoon and enjoy Chef Alex's Vanilla Panna Cotta with pineapple + mango egg yolk., We are feeling a festive tonight! We got spiked egg nog and some great whiskey! Let's go, Saturday night! 🍾🍸🎄, Is it 5 o'clock yet?, Drop in for some of Nick's Hot Chocolate!, We are open on Christmas Eve and serving a special 'Feast of the Seven Fishes' menu! Call for reservations!, Thank you to our friend Stephen Curry for dropping by to have dinner with us!, Celebrate the Italian tradition of 'Feast of the Seven Fishes' with us! Enjoy a delicious menu of seafood offerings created by Chef Farouk Bazoune, exclusively available on Christmas Eve!, Grab a seat at the bar or join is in the dining room! Enjoy one of our Rack of Lamb with Bulgur Feta Salad + Harissa Aioli!, We are honored to be part of this year's '2015 Boston-area restaurant awards' by The Boston Globe! We are thrilled to be included among so many great restaurants in Boston!, The perfect pairing during the entire month of December! Enjoy a Gorgonzola Encrusted Filet while sipping on a glass of St.Francis Cabernet Sauvignon! 🍷, Thank you to our friends at Party by Design for dressing us up for the holidays!, Cheers to Thursday night! Grab a seat at the bar and treat yourself to a cocktail!, The Varano team had so much fun with the kids at Franciscan Hospital for Children this morning decorating cookies!, Thank you to Zagat for including Chef Alex in "Chef Swaps: 11 Reasons to Revisit Restaurants!", Chef Alex and The Varano Group team spreading holiday cheer with the children at Franciscan Hospital for Children!, Our Salmon with yam tortellini, carrots and baby turnips!, Give the gift card everyone on your list will love - The Varano Group gift card available by visiting StripbyStregaBoston.com! #cybermonday, From our family to yours, Happy Thanksgiving!, We are very thankful for our Porchetta, which was featured in today's The Boston Globe in Devra First's "Dishes that hit the spot"!, Let us do the cooking this Thanksgiving! Feast on Chef Farouk's Turkey Two Ways, Butternut Squash and more. Call for reservations 617-456-5300, Chef Alex's Mousse Au Chocolat  with hazelnut dacquoise + topped with vanilla ice cream!, We love Saturday nights! Join us for dinner! 🍴, We were honored to be part of Mayor Marty Walsh's "We are Boston" gala last night! A great night for the City of Boston!, Our Rack of Lamb with bulgar feta salad + Harissa aioli!, Dip into some hot, melted cheese when you cozy up to our Fonduta made with bone marrow, sopressata, confit garlic and served with grilled, rustic Italian bread!, Our Bolognese with wagyu, veal and pancetta in a creamy sauce is the perfect dish on this rainy day!, Today is a good day for our Wild Mushroom Soup with truffle espuma and porcini dust!, Our Grilled Salmon with yam tortellini, carrots, baby turnips + fish fumet!, Thank you to our friend Frankie Valli for dropping by last night!, We are ready for the weekend!!!, STRIP by Strega fans, we need your vote! Please vote for us in Eater Boston "So hot right now!", Our Veal Wagyu Meatball with grated Parmesan, potato Mousseline + green peppercorn sauce. 🍴, Want to treat yourself this weekend? Sip on our "Boss Sazerac" made with WhistlePig "Boss Hog" rye wiskey from Shoreham, Vermont, petite cane syrup, Peychauds bitters and a Pernod rinse. Thank you Boston Common Magazine for including us!, STRIP by Strega, Boston's newest Steakhouse, was recently featured on Phantom Gourmet! Catch the segment here..., Chef Farouk's charcuterie board. 🍴, Get the weekend started with us!, We are thrilled to welcome our new Executive Pastry Chef Alexandre Bonnefoi who comes to us from Four Season George V in Paris! Please help us welcome Chef Alexandre!, Thank you to The Boston Globe for including STRIP by Strega as one of the 'Great new Boston-area bars for grown-ups!' Catch the story in this Sunday's Boston Globe Magazine!, Catch up with Nick Varano in the newest 'Haute Secrets Boston!', Indulge with us for National Dessert Day!, It's Saturday night at STRIP by Strega and dinner is being served!, One of our new dessert, Pineapple Carpaccio with cilantro sorbetto + coconut espuma!, Thank you Boston.com for including our 'Orchard & Smoke' in 15 Dynamite Cocktails to try in Boston!, Our team presenting Boston Common Magazine with a cake for 10 awesome years!  Cheers to many more!, Chef Farouk's Tuna Carpaccio with cilantro sorbet and topped with citrus meringue in a spicy soy sauce!, Our Pastry Chef Alex's cake from last night's 10 year celebration for Boston Common Magazine!, We are busy perfecting tonight's special- Pescado con Sal!, Thank you to our friends at Boston Common Magazine magazine for including Kevin Kelly's Orchard & Smoke! The perfect autumn cocktail made with rye, Mt. Gay Black Barrel rum, smoked apple shrub, and a caramelized apple slice! Cheers!, Catch us on Phantom Gourmet at 11am!, Be sure to tune into Phantom Gourmet tomorrow at 11am to check out  STRIP by Strega + Chef Farouk Bazoune's delicious dishes!, Just a few seats left! Don't miss out on this exclusive wine dinner! Call for reservations 617-456-5300 🍷, Sneak peek at one of our new dessert for fall! Stay tuned for more sweet news coming from our kitchen soon..., Join us on October 6th as we explore wines of Spring Mountain! Just a few seats left! Call or email us for reservations., Chef Farouk's Roasted Bone Marrow with tomato marmaletta, dolce gorgonzola + port wine sauce., Check out Kevin Kelly's 'On the Cob' in today's UrbanDaddy! 

http://www.urbandaddy.com/bos/nightlife/36074/Outstanding_Achievements_in_Cocktail_Garnishing_These_Cocktail_Garnishes_Mean_Business_Boston_BOS_Drink, Thank you to The Boston Globe for featuring Kevin Kelly and our Bella Luna!, Enjoy one of our steaks for dinner tonight!, Game day is here! Join us at the bar as the Patriots take on the Steelers in the Season Opener!, Check out Chef Farouk in the Fall Dining Trends piece with Boston Common Magazine!, Our Seafood Tower looking like the perfect way to kick-off the long weekend!, Cheers to the long weekend!, We are getting hungry for dinner!, Chef Farouk's Wellfleet Oyster with rhubarb mignonette + pomegranate sorbet!, Our Burratta + Prosciutto with romensco, fig vin cotto and an herb grissini!, Sip on Kevin Kelly's Pharaoh's Crown while you cheer on The Triple Crown Winner at Saratoga today! Race starts at 5:45pm!, We will be cheering on American Pharaoh once again! Get in the spirit with Kevin Kelly's latest cocktail creation: Pharaoh's Crown! Race starts at 5:45PM!, Today is the last day for Dine Out Boston! Join us for lunch or dinner. Reservations are encouraged, please call 617-456-5300, Thank you WeekendPick!, Our Strawberry Gazpacho with cucumber + topped with a lemon balsamic sorbet will have you savoring the last few days of August!, Shaking things up with Absolut Elyx!, Our Short Rib appetizer with soy glaze, yam purée, cilantro + fennel pollen., Last week for Dine Out Boston! Try our house made Papparedelle as one of the menu options., We love Fridays + a good cocktail! #TGIF, Treat yourself to lunch and enjoy our delicious Dine Out Boston prix fixe! Pan Seared Cod with grilled corn salsa, romesco sauce + drizzled with parsley oil., Join us for Dine Out Boston and sip one of our new cocktails, like the St. James, featuring Woodford Reserve, Mein Averna, Sherry and Creole Shrubb! Call 617.456.5300 for reservations., We're always creating new cocktails for our guests, including this STRIP-Fashioned, our take on a classic!, Tonight, try something new for dinner like Chef Farouk's delicious Veal Tenderloin with prosciutto, fontina fonduta, maitake mushroom and asparagus, served with Gnocchi and Cheese!, REMINDER: It's #NationalFiletMignonDay! Join us for a delicious #Filet special tonight paired with Chappellet "Mountain Cuvée" Napa Valley Red!, Tonight, cool off with our refreshing Bella Luna cocktail - a blend of Reposado Tequila, Aperol, Passion Fruit, Fresh Lime Juice and House-made Simple Syrup. #Boston #Cocktails #Sipping #CraftCocktails #STRIPbyStrega #ModernSteakhouse #MassInsider #Drinks #Sipping, Congrats to our sister restaurant Rina's Pizzeria & Cafe on their very positive "Cheap Eats" review in today's The Boston Globe!, On Thursday, we're celebrating #NationalFiletDay by pairing a glass of Chappellet "Mountain Cuvée" Napa Valley Red with three delicious filet options for appetites of any size!, A three pound butter poached lobster with truffle cauliflower. Yes, please., Dig into this summertime favorite and celebrate National S'mores Day with our 'Build your own s'mores' dessert!, Our sister restaurant Rina's Pizzeria in the North End is looking great in today's Boston Globe!, The weekend is here and we are waiting for you! Come in and enjoy our STRIP Seafood Tower with lobster tails, King crab legs, jumbo shrimp, oysters and much more!, TGIF! Drop in for our special Executive Lunch!, null, Monday is National S'mores Day! Build your own at STRIP by Strega!, We have rolled out an all new 'Executive Lunch' menu. A three-course prix fixe for $25. 
Enjoy menu items including our Chicken Greek Quinoa Salad with feta, Kalamata olives, red onion and tomatoes., Thank you WeekendPick for making us #1 on your list of restaurants to try during  Dine Out Boston!, Great photo of Chef Farouk's Steak Tartare! Thank you Scene Magazine!, Yum! It's National Cheesecake Day!, We were honored to have Pierre-Antoine Bollet, LOUIS XIII Ambassador  for Remy Cointreau USA, drop in! Come check out this gorgeous LOUIS XIII display case, the only one in Boston!, Thank you Scene Magazine for this delicious review of STRIP by Strega!, Our Grilled Swordfish with sweet peppers, onions, eggplant purée and topped with balsamic glaze., It's National Tequila Day! We have a margarita waiting for you!!, Charred Octopus now featured on our summer menu! With roasted potatoes, olives, shallots and topped with fresh parsley., Hello, Friday night!, Catch us on Dining Playbook this weekend!, Three pounds of lobster heaven! Butter poached, truffle cauliflower purée in a lobster reduction., Our Steak Tartare is on Boston Common's list of '9 Egg-Topped Dishes!', Come cool down with us today and sip on one of our refreshing cocktails., Feeling a little hungry? Come have dinner with us!, Bring on the weekend! #TGIF, Thank you to our friends at Boston Common Magazine for including us on their 2015 Restaurant Bucket List!, Boston Globe food critic Devra First gives STRIP by Strega a 3-star review! We are honored and thrilled! Thank you!, Our Pastry Chef Suzanna Rourke has added a new, summer favorite to the dessert menu- 'Build your own s'mores!', Happy 4th of July from all of us at The Varano Group!, TGIF! Enjoy our Bone In Filet and a glass of red wine for dinner tonight!, Cheers to the long weekend, starting right now!, Our Veal Tenderloin is wrapped in Prosciutto di Parma with fontina fonduta, Maitake mushroom and grilled jumbo asparagus!, Celebrate summer with our Seafood Tower, available in two sizes! Features lobster tails, shrimp, crab legs, oysters and little necks!, Truffle frites, how can you resist?, We love Saturday nights!, Chef Farouk's special for tonight is a Smoked Salmon Tartare with citrus aioli, topped with caviar and a quail egg., Treat yourself to something delicious tonight! Our 24oz Prime Porterhouse is a great start to the weekend!, Chef Farouk's fresh Burrata and Prosciutto di Parma!, We are having a blast at this year's Chef's in Shorts!, Hello, weekend! We are so happy to see you., We love this short video produced by Surefire Creative Studios from Grand Opening night! We would love to do it all over again!, Let us be your Tuesday night dinner plans!, This looks like the perfect Friday night dinner! Thank you for the great photo Creative Restaurant Services!, Sip on our Bella Luna. Patron Reposado Tequila, Aperol, passion fruit and fresh lime!, Thank you to our good friends at Scene Magazine for coming by tonight!, We are thrilled to be part of tonight's Taste of the Nation #nokidshungry, A few of our favorite things. Prime Porterhouse, Gnocchi + Cheese, jumbo asparagus and Yukon whipped potatoes!, It's Saturday night at STRIP by Strega!, Almost time for the weekend!, Table 15, under one of just the many awesome black + white images throughout the restaurant!, Our Cornish Game Hen. Served over a lemon risotto, topped with fresh lemon + grilled garlic!, Chef Farouk's Linguine + Clams! House made linguine with littleneck clams, Orvieto and topped with fresh parsley., It's Saturday night in the city and the drinks are flowing at STRIP by Strega!, Planning a dinner party or hosting a business meeting? Our private dining space is perfectly customized to all your needs. With full, state-of-the art AV capabilities. Call us for more details 617.456.5300, There is only one way to celebrate National Burger Day and that is with our Strega Burger topped with fontina cheese, sautéed onions and parmesan frites!, Major yum factor! Our Gnocchi + Cheese is our take on a traditional steakhouse staple!, I scream, you scream, we all scream for ice cream! Try our Gelato + Sorbet dessert. Featuring vanilla + espresso chip gelato and lemon + pomegranate sorbet on mini cones!, Check out our head bartender Kevin Kelly in this week's Dig Boston who featured his very special, made in-house Bourbon Milk!, The long weekend is here! Join us at STRIP by Strega and celebrate with food, cocktails + a great playlist!, Our Steak Tartare with truffle emulsion, quail egg and grilled pugliese is so tender and flavorful, that each bite will leave you wanting more!, Fun night at STRIP by Strega with a great group of friends who dropped by for dinner!, Like small bites of heaven. Desserts are made in-house by our Pastry Chef Suzanna Rourke!, Our Raw Bar features West Coast + East Coast oysters, Lobster Tails, Littleneck clams and caviar! Indulge in a New England favorites!, Thank you to our great friends at Dirty Water Boston for joining us at the grand opening celebration of STRIP by Strega! Hard to believe it was already a month ago!, Our beet salad is almost too pretty to eat! Chef Farouk adds goat cheese, toasted pistachios, mâché + topped with aged balsamic. Mangia!, Cheers to the weekend! Enjoy Kevin Kelly's 'Double a Fizz,' with Patron Silver, avocado, celery, lime + lemon-lime soda!, Grab a booth or seat in our back lounge area and sip + nosh your way into the weekend., Our mixologist, Kevin Kelly's creation 'Copper Rose,' is the perfect combination of Stoli Vodka, house grenadine, lime, mint + house ginger beer., Here is Chef Farouk cooking at the prestigious James Beard House in New York City! #TBT, Complete your STRIP by Strega dinner and treat yourself to our house-made, shareable, Cassata!  An Italian rum cake with coconut!, In case you missed us on Dining Playbook this weekend, here it is!, Chef Farouk's Tuna Tartare with fresh avocado, gomadare, soy sesame, aioli and lotus chips has quickly become a favorite of ours!, Thinking about lunch? Enjoy our Chilean Sea Bass with potato dumplings, morels, English peas + green garlic., Happy Mother's Day from all of us at The Varano Group., The weekend is here! Join us for dinner. Call 617.456.5300 for reservations!, Catch us on Dining Playbook at 9am on NESN!  
http://nesn.com/dining-playbook/, Thank you Zagat for including us on your list of where to eat this weekend!, The end of the work week is here and we have a seat at the bar waiting for you!, This is the weather we have been waiting for all winter! Come sip + nosh at our beautiful bar!, Treat yourself with our Prime Sirloin and pair with the perfect glass of red wine!, Chef Farouk's Pork Chop Milanese features oven-dried tomatoes, truffle Pecorino cheese, capers and fresh lemon. Mangia!, Thank you to our friends at Dining Playbook for dropping by today! Stay tuned for an air date., We can't get enough of Chef Farouk's house made Gnocchi with Maine lobster and Maldon sea salt., Who doesn't love a bowl of pasta on Sundays? Treat yourself to Chef Farouk Bazoune's Bolognese with wagyu, veal, pancetta in a creamy tomato sauce., Out enjoying the beautiful weather? Located one block from Boston Common, in the heart of Boston's Back Bay, stroll over and have lunch with us!, The weekend is here! Grab a seat at one of our bars and kick the weekend off the Strega way!, Thank you, Zagat, for naming us one of the new restaurants to try in Boston, we are in great company! Call for reservations by calling 617.456.5300 or click 'Book Now,' on our Facebook page., It's Friday night at STRIP by Strega! Join us for cocktails + dinner. #TGIF, TGIF! End the week with us and enjoy Executive Chef Farouk Bazoune' s delicious Porchetta, with house made barbecue sauce, Stilton cheese, mustard and shallot jam., We are getting ready for 'The Most Exciting Two Minutes in Sports!' with our Kentucky Derby inspired cocktail, Final Furlong,' Woodford Reserve, fresh mint, bitters and house made ginger beer! Available beginning today through tomorrow!, Sip and nosh your way to the finish line with celebratory cocktails for 'The Run for the Roses!' Our Kentucky Derby inspired cocktail 'Final Furlong' will be offered beginning Friday!, Treat yourself to lunch today and enjoy one of our favorites, Chef Farouk's Tuna Sashimi with spicy Tzatziki, jalapeños and topped with slices of fresh oranges and radishes., Almost time for lunch! Swing by and enjoy our signature Strega Burger with fontina cheese, sautéed onions and parmesan frites., Celebrate your graduation with us! Call and book your dinner party by calling (617) 456-5300. Make it a night to remember with the Strega experience!, Lunch is being served, join us! Enjoy our beautiful Beet Salad with fresh goat cheese, toasted pistachios, mâche and topped with aged balsamic., Our Wagyu Carpaccio with pickled mushrooms, Pecorino cheese, mustard and crispy capers is the perfect way to end your Monday!, Give yourself the royal treatment tonight and indulge on our Royale Osetra Caviar!, Join us for lunch and enjoy a New England favorite, the STRIP by Strega's Lobster Roll!, The weekend is finally here! Come experience STRIP by Strega!, Join us for dinner or grab a seat in the lounge and kick the weekend of at STRIP by Strega!, Thank you Big Papi for the shout out! We were honored to have you join us welcome STRIP by Strega! See you soon. GO SOX!, Meet the man behind the delicious cuisine at STRIP by Strega, Farouk Bazoune!, Thank you BostInno for this great write-up on our time-lapse video!, Check out what UrbanDaddy has to say about STRIP by Strega!, Thank you to the Boston Herald for this great write up in today's paper!, Introducing, STRIP by Strega, by restauranteur Nick Varano. We are officially open, come by and say hello to us. Thank you to the wonderful Back Bay neighborhood for welcoming us! We look forward to serving you., Mr. Jamie Foxx is here to welcome STRIP by Strega!, The wait is finally over! Check out this exciting time-lapse video that captures the start to finish transformation of Nick Varano’s STRIP by Strega at the new Boston Park Plaza!, Thank you to our good friends David + Tiffany Ortiz for dropping by last night to check out STRIP by Strega!, Thank you to the team at Winston Flowers for the incredible floral design that is throughout the restaurant., Thank you to our friends at Zagat for this awesome piece on STRIP by Strega's for 'First Look!', We had a special guest drop by STRIP by Strega this morning to check out the new space!, The bars are set. Days away from the new STRIP by Strega experience!, The warmer weather is here and in a few short days, you can be sipping one of these at our bar!, Down comes signs from the iconic Whiskey Park, up goes STRIP by Strega's signage. Boston's next dining + nightlife experience., We are one week from opening! We can't wait to share the STRIP by Strega experience with you!, Check us out on Eater Boston!, Thank you, Zagat, for the great write up on STRIP by Strega! We can't wait to share the experience with you!, Adding final touches with some new signage! STRIP by Strega is almost here!, Excited to try STRIP by Strega when it opens? Make your reservations now by visiting STRIPbyStregaBoston.com or by calling 617.456.5300 - We can't wait to see you!, We are a couple of weeks away from opening, but Executive Chef Farouk Bazoune and Owner Nick Varano are getting really excited to share the STRIP by Strega experience with you!, Executive Chef Farouk Bazoune's beautiful Roasted Bone Marrow with tomato marmaletta, dolce gorgonzola and port wine sauce was featured in the Boston Herald, and called this dish as 'pretty and primitive.'  We can't wait to have you try it!, Thank you to our friends at the Boston Herald for today's great feature on STRIP by Strega!, Check out STRIP by Strega owner Nick Varano talking about what to expect when STRIP by Strega opens!, Like our new page and stay up to date with our new, soon-to-be opened, STRIP by Strega!, null, null)