List(City of Akron employees, residents & friends...YOU are cordially invited to join Mayor Horrigan on Monday, April 4 in supporting 2016 Opening Day by wearing your fav MLB or minor league baseball hat. Send your selfies to the following tags @usmayors on Twitter - #OpeningDay, #CapsOn and #HeyAkron., Mayor Dan Horrigan swears in four new Akron Police Officers.
Congratulations Officers Brumbaugh, Duncan, Hauser and Mook!, Thanks to The Devil Strip for the great article!, Please join Mayor Horrigan in celebrating Joe Ciraco's 33 years of service & his retirement. Best wishes!!, null, Spring is upon us and it's a great time to get in shape! 
Join the CitiCenter Athletic Club by visiting their website at http://www.downtownakron.com/go/citicent-athletic-club.

Club members are now able to sign out bicycles during club hours of operation and ride around the city and towpath trail. Bikes are provided by the "Akron Bike Kitchen".
Enjoy!, Mayor Dan Horrigan delivered meals today with the Mobile Meals team in our great City of Akron. 

Mobile Meals is a Meals on Wheels organization serving residents in Akron and Summit County and other northeastern Ohio residents. 
You can become involved by visiting their website at mobilemealsinc.org., Mayor Horrigan and Cabinet members salute Tony Alexander as he receives the H. Peter Burg award at the Greater Akron Chamber 109th Annual Meeting along with nearly 850 community leaders and special guests., Coming soon this spring to Cascade Plaza: Cascade Cabin! Curious? Check out the details: conta.cc/21FaCRY, Mayor Horrigan swore in Charles Twigg and Richard Vober as Fire Deputy Chiefs today. Deputy Chiefs Twigg and Vober shared this exciting career event with their families, friends, colleagues, City Council and Cabinet members.

Special thanks to the men and women of the Akron Fire Department for all you do for our City of Akron., Happy St. Patrick's Day!, Congrats to all the Knight Arts Challenge winners! These programs are a great way to further enrich the culture of Akron., THANK YOU to Akron voters for supporting Issues 1 & 2!, Polls close at 7:30 tonight. Don't forget to exercise your right to VOTE! Look up where to go here:, Today is Election Day! Don't forget to vote., A giant thank you to the Akron Titans for representing Akron so well as the Pop Warner Mid America Region champions!, We had a great open dialogue about the revitalization of Akron's neighborhoods and downtown at this year's Big Love event on Saturday!, The Presidential Primary Election is this Tuesday! To find your polling location or look up what's on the ballot in your precinct, head to the Summit County Board of Elections website., It's a great day for a parade!!, Akron has been named a TechHire Community by the White House, and our community just submitted a $4 million grant to the Dept of Labor. Read all about TechHire, plus a featured story of Akron resident Thaddeaus D. on their website! https://www.whitehouse.gov/issues/technology/techhire, #HeyAkron A special thank you to YPN for a fantastic conversation! Here's a few more pictures from the event at Musica last night., Mayor Horrigan served as guest speaker for the Greater Akron Chamber's Young Professionals Network (YPN) at Musica in downtown Akron.
The Mayor applauded YPN members for their civic engagement and welcomed them to assist with the City of Akron's renaissance., Want to know what's happening with Akron's sewer projects? Make sure to LIKE Akron Waterways Renewed!, null, Today is International Women's Day. Take a moment to thank the invaluable women in your life!, null, Take a look at the latest edition of the Devil Strip! Founder and writer Chris Horne spent an evening at the Horrigan household, talking and eating with the Mayor and his family.
https://issuu.com/thedevilstrip/docs/dsonline_v2issue3, Make sure to check out the newly redesigned website for Akron Waterways Renewed! There, you can find all the latest and greatest information on Akron's transformative sewer project., Mayor Horrigan participated in a panel discussion as part of The University of Akron EXL Center Launch week. Panelists discussed, "New Leadership and Vision in a 21st Century Akron"., Happy March! Remember to come celebrate St. Patrick's Day in downtown Akron with the annual parade on March 12th. 
The parade will step off at 12 p.m. and takes place on Main Street between Cedar and Bowery St., Map your own neighborhood! Try this great crowd sourcing tool to help define boundaries for our Akron neighborhoods, created by Will Skora (thank you, Will)!, Have you heard of the Big Love festival? It's a community festival in downtown Akron that's starting to gain some serious traction! Mark March 12th on your calendars, and check out the details., Neighborhood Block Watch workshop attendees get to participate in simulator exercise used for police training. 
Real eye-opening experience! You quickly learn the daily challenges faced by our APD officers....their jobs are not easy. Special thanks to State of Ohio Trainer, Dan for leading this experience for the residents of Ward 5., Mayor attended Neighborhood Block Watch training in Ward 5 this morning. John Valle shared information on services your City of Akron provides you., Hey young professionals! The Young Professional Network of the Greater Akron Chamber is hosting Mayor Horrigan for an evening of food, drinks and discussion. Find out more and register at the link below!, The Knight Foundation was generous to sponsor an #Akron2CBus trip, where city workers, community members and business owners were able to tour and have meetings in Columbus, fueling ideas on how to make our city better! A big thank you to the elected officials and organization leaders who took time to share their experiences and expertise. #HeyAkron, Congratulations to the Akron Civic Theatre Women's Guild on 50 years of service, and dedication to, and love for the Akron Civic Theatre.

Today is "AKRON CIVIC THEATRE WOMEN'S GUILD DAY" 
                                              -- proclamation by Mayor Dan Horrigan, #HeyAkron Great information given by Superintendent David James at the annual State of the Schools address today!, Mayor Horrigan presents proclamation to the Akron Area Engineers - proclaiming the week of Feb 22 as Engineering Week in the City of Akron, null, A must see! If you haven't already, make sure to check out all the great spots in Akron's distinct neighborhoods featured in the "You Had Me At Akron" initiative. You can pick up booklets at the highlighted locations.
http://www.youhadmeatakron.com/, The National Weather Service in Cleveland, Ohio is monitoring the development of strong winds for today.  Wind advisories are in effect for many counties in Northwest and North Central Ohio as well as Erie County Pennsylvania.  Winds will continue to increase this morning and peak this afternoon.  Winds will decrease this evening.  Wind gusts up to 50 mph are expected in the advisory area.  Wind gusts up to 35 to 45 mph are possible outside the advisory area., The parking ban for Akron City streets has now been lifted, thank you for your cooperation! If you need further assistance with snow removal on streets, please contact us: http://www.akronohio.gov/cms/public_works/street_cleaning/index.html, SNOW EMERGENCY PARKING BAN in effect for ALL AKRON CITY STREETS...effective TODAY...FEB 16...6 PM.

This ban will be in effect until further notice., Crews were deployed last night at 8 p.m. and began pre-treating the roads and plowing snow. Snowfall rates have been around 1-inch per hour since midnight. 

Crews continue to to work on primary routes to help make the commute manageable.

Leave early for work...drive slowly....BE SAFE!, #HeyAkron more snow is set to hit the area this evening. Our road crews are out tonight, attempting to get ahead of the weather as much as possible, but please leave yourself ample time for tomorrow's commute. Stay safe!, With the busy nature of our everyday lives, we don't often say it enough... So now, we're taking a moment to express our feelings... we love you, Akron! Share to spread the love <3 #HeyAkron, There will be curb service Monday, February 15.
Curb service will run normal schedule Feb 15 - 19., With tomorrow’s temperature in the single digits, the City has organized for select community centers to be open to the public. Hours may be limited due to already planned activities.
All citizens are welcome to stop in and warm up!

Firestone Park – 9:30 am – 12:30 pm
Joy Park – 9:00 am – 1:00 pm
Kenmore – 11:00 am – 3:30 pm
Lawton Street – 10:00 am – 12:00 pm
Mason Park – 8:00 am – 1:30 pm
Northwest – 9:00 am – 1:00 pm
Patterson Park – 9:30 am – 3:00 pm
Summit Lake – 9:00 am – 6:00 pm
Balch Street Fitness Center – 8:00 am – 3:30 pm, The City of Akron parking ban has been lifted effective immediately!
Thank you., Make plans to enjoy the last weekend of WinterFest at Lock 3 Valentine's Day weekend!

Hours Friday and Saturday are 11 a.m. to 10 p.m.; and Sunday and Monday 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. 

Visit their site at: http://www.lock3live.com, The City of Akron has issued a Snow Emergency Parking Ban for ALL CITY STREETS effective Feb. 11 at 6 p.m. This ban is in effect until further notice.

Snow parking bans are issued for the purpose of the public’s safety and the efficiency of snow clearing efforts on city streets. 

All cars should be removed from parking spots on city streets during the ban., The City is continuing to deploy every resource possible to clear our city streets! 

The opportunities for more lake effect blasts will continue throughout the day, another one coming through around 4-5 PM, so please be careful during today's rush hour. We are also already treating the streets with enhanced salt, specifically designed for low temperatures., Your City of Akron Public Works Bureau bumped up snow and ice control efforts bringing out 51 trucks at 4 a.m. to get the primary and secondary routes as clean and clear as possible for rush hour and the start of the school day.

Akron is expecting lake effect snow in and out of the area throughout the day with winds 15 to 20 MPH and some blowing wind WSW.

Bundle up....drive carefully....BE SAFE!, We stopped by the latest Crafty Mart event on Saturday at Summit Artspace. What amazing finds! Check out more about this Rubber City organization here: http://www.craftymart.org/, Many thanks to Akron artists Megan Shane and Jessica Lofthus for temporarily displayed their beautiful work in City Hall. Find out more about them at https://www.facebook.com/MeganShaneArt/ and http://jessicalofthus.com/, Mayor Horrigan shows support for Delta Sigma Theta Sorority with help from the sisters of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, ZTO Chapter, Akron., Mayor Dan Horrigan shared his thoughts on education, economic development, equity and community with the women of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority this afternoon at Fairlawn CC. 
NAACP President Judy Hill also shared her past year in review.

Wonderful sharing and caring today among Akron enthusiasts making our City their destination., Mayor Dan Horrigan will be joining Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. today for their 6th annual jazz brunch. Proceeds from the luncheon will benefit scholarships and the Minerva Fund., John L. Suddieth was the first African-American
officer hired by the Akron Police Department. He
was hired on October 13, 1922 and awarded badge
number 13. He served until 1963. John L. Suddieth
died on July 20, 1984 at the age of 92., In celebration of Black History Month, our lobby at City Hall is now adorned with plaques, citing the amazing accomplishments of this country's African American leaders., Want to hear more about what Mayor Horrigan envisions for the City of Akron? Listen to his Akron Roundtable speech and a short Q&A session following. Leave some time, as it is a 50 minute video!
https://youtu.be/AGmdBue2PdI, We want to extend a sincere Thank You to the Blue Ribbon Task Force for their informational and thorough report. This is a great first step to a bigger, better, stronger Akron! Read the findings on our website! #heyakron
http://www.akronohio.gov/cms/BlueRibbonTaskForceReport/index.html, Chair of the Mayor's Blue Ribbon Task Force, Tim Ochsenhirt presents Mayor Horrigan with the task force recommendations., Have you Liked the City Sprouts Facebook page yet? Check them out and all the amazing things they do for the Akron Community. #heyakron, Stay informed: Take a second to read a drinking water summary provided by the EPA. We've also posted a link to Akron's 2014 Water Quality Consumer Confidence Report., #HeyAkron We'd like to say thank you to Sweet Mary's for the delicious lunch!, It was a packed house today at the John S. Knight Center for the first Akron Roundtable speech of 2016, with Mayor Horrigan as the honorary Guest Speaker. 
"I have been working diligently to ask “why” we do things the way we do... “Because it’s always been done this way,” is not an acceptable answer.", #HeyAkron, the art scene in our city is continuing to thrive and expand! Take a second to check out our local businesses and all they have to offer., Mayor Horrigan met with participants of the Text, Talk, Vote Akron today to discuss the Report to the Mayor. 

Today's meeting will be one of many with this enlightening and inspiring group., Your City of Akron Mayor swears in three Akron Police Department reserve officers - DeAndria Bethune, Jack Duncan and Philip Hauser.

Thanks to each of you and all the men and women in our City who take the oath to serve and protect., Mayor Horrigan has traveled to Washington D.C. for the annual United States Conference of Mayors... A great place to meet and exchange ideas with other mayors, former mayors and elected officials from around the country!
Check out the Flickr feed from the conference: https://www.flickr.com/photos/usmayors/albums/72157663632894981, Your Akron Mayor Dan Horrigan participates in The Race Dialogue Summit at Buchtel CLC, Mayor Horrigan welcomes Rev. Dr. R. A. Vernon of the Word Church as this year's keynote speaker for the Akron Urban League's annual Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King Day Breakfast., Do you currently work from home? OSC Tech Lab, a coworking space right here in Akron, is partnering with inspiring venues around the city to let you experience what coworking can do for a community. Change up your work routine and join them for a Popup Tech Lab!, 10th Annual Chili Challenge hosted by Akron Firefighters set for Friday, January 15 at Lock 3. Enjoy!, Mayor Horrigan moves forward with campaign promise to reform human resources department at the City of Akron., Your City of Akron had 51 trucks on the road yesterday as we faced the first official snowfall of 2016. Local weather stations reported 1 to 3 inches of snow accumulations in the area., Congratulations to Akron's new Mayor, Dan Horrigan, who was sworn in today at Greystone Hall!, Wishing all of you a happy, healthy 2016 from the City of Akron!   May your celebrations this evening be joyful and safe., Call 330-376-RIDE for a free cab ride home starting at 5 PM tonight and ending at 3 AM tomorrow morning.  Rubber City Radio Group's "LifeRide"., Mayor Jeff Fusco was honored to host the Honorable Mayor Alfred Oko Vanderpuije of Accra, Ghana, as the two formally signed a Cooperative Agreement this afternoon.

May the future collaboration and cooperation between Akron and Accra prove to be mutually beneficial for both our communities., Akron's housing market ranked among the top 10 healthiest in the nation. 

"Nationwide Mutual Insurance Co.’s quarterly, forward-looking Health of Housing Markets analysis says Akron (No. 4), Dayton (No. 5), Springfield (No. 7) and Toledo (No. 9) are positioned to be among the strongest markets in the months to come, based on measures of employment, demographics, mortgage markets and housing prices.", Every year for the past 25 years, the City has had the honor of featuring the wonderful artwork of local Akron Public School students in City Hall to help the City celebrate the excitement and joy of the holiday season. 

     This artwork creates a warm, vibrant and welcoming environment for both our City workers and the public to enjoy. Seeing the splendor of the holidays through the eyes of our youth is a cherished experience.  

     On behalf of the City, we say THANK YOU to our students for your fantastic contributions and warmest wishes to all Akron residents for a happy holiday season.   

   See more of our talented artists' work here: http://www2.akronohio.gov/pictures/  

- Mayor Jeff Fusco, null, On behalf of Mayor Jeff Fusco and the City of Akron:
Congratulations to the new police Captains, Lieutenants, and Sergeants promoted this afternoon.  We are proud of your accomplishments and look forward to your continued service to the citizens of our great City., Akron Police Department Promotions
 
The Akron, Ohio Police Department will promote the following personnel today, Wednesday, December 9, 2015 at 1:00 p.m. in the Akron Summit County Public Library, Main Library Auditorium, 60 South High Street, Akron, Ohio 44326:
 
To the rank of Captain:

Lieutenant Brian Simcox
Lieutenant Christopher Brewer

To the rank of Lieutenant:

Sergeant Allen Fite, Jr.
Sergeant Nancy Vought
Sergeant Michael Yohe
Sergeant Steven Swartz.
Sergeant David Garro
Sergeant Mark Farrar
Sergeant David Laughlin
Sergeant Brian Harding
Sergeant Kris Beitzel
Sergeant Agostino Micozzi

To the rank of Sergeant:

Officer Robert Miller
Officer Guy Sheffield
Officer Ted Male
Officer Jeffrey P. Smith
Officer Albito Lopez
Officer Daniel Marks
Officer James Hentosz
Officer Joseph Danzy III
Officer John Ross
Officer Michael Miller
Officer Steven Prough.
Officer Darletta Rubin
Officer Forrest Kappler
Officer Brian Armstead, null, null, Akron Water Provides Water Education Events for
More than 140 Akron Public School Science Students

Akron, Ohio (December 1, 2015) – While the City of Akron is known for its excellent drinking water quality and robust drinking water treatment system, what is not generally known is the extensive water educational programs being provided to the Akron Public Schools.

This developing program began nearly 3 years ago and is now providing junior and senior high school students with a hands-on learning experience and facility tours at Akron’s Water Treatment Plant as part of the curriculum for the students Environmental Science Class. During a typical event, Akron Water professionals such as Operators, Engineers, Mechanics and Lab Analysts educate the students on the details of water treatment and are given the opportunity to take water samples to determine the quality and effectiveness of the treatment process. Also included are interactive lab exercises about treatment processes, watersheds, waste water pollution, storm water pollution and topographic mapping. Many students on the tours are very surprised to learn how much effort is involved in treating water, the volume of water Akron distributes daily, and that Akron water actually comes from many miles away from reservoirs located in Portage and Geauga County.

Akron Water offers these educational events during both the spring and fall semesters of a school year. During this current fall semester alone, five different schools with more than 140 students from North, Firestone, East, Akron Alternative Academy and the STEM High School were provided this unique educational opportunity. Other Akron Public Schools will be participating this coming spring semester.

In addition, Akron Water also offers other periodic educational events to the community such as open house facility tours and classroom lectures.

For more information about Akron Water visit http://www.akronohio.gov/water or contact the Akron Water Plant at 330-678-0077; email: AkronWaterSupply@akronohio.gov., Towpath Trail Rerouted 
Hickory Street Used During Construction

 Akron, Ohio (November 25, 2015) - Plans to implement a new route for the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail took effect Monday.
 
The trail, located on Hickory Street between Memorial Parkway and North Street, south of the Mustill Store, was developed in conjunction with many stakeholders, including the Ohio and Erie Canalway, Summit Metro Parks, National Park Service, Cascade Locks Park Association and the Mustill Store, Cuyahoga Valley Scenic Railway, local residents, and users of the towpath trail. 

The new trail will remain in place for the duration of the construction of the Ohio Canal Interceptor Tunnel, a 6000 ft. tunnel that will be bored under the City of Akron to create a 27 ft. diameter sewer. “We have worked diligently with our partners to create a safe and challenging new experience for our trail users,” said Mayor Jeff Fusco. “We will continue to re-evaluate the Towpath Trail Route as we move forward.” 

Travelers with small children and/or those with mobility issues should be aware of inclines on the Maple Street connector, as the steepest incline averages 15% on this new route, with another incline in the 10% range. The sections are walkable, and those with bikes may wish to walk them through this section. “Although this section of the Towpath Trail is more challenging than the previous one, it has been designed with the safety of the pedestrians and cyclists in mind,” said Dan Rice, President and CEO of the Ohio & Erie Canalway Coalition. “One cul de sac will be installed to stop northbound traffic on Hickory Street and the other cul de sac will be installed to stop southbound traffic. There also is a Railroad Crossing in this section, and the route will be clearly marked.”

The new towpath location will allow the popular “Bike Aboard” to continue at the Northside Station as well as to keep the 101 mile stretch of towpath trail open between Cleveland and New Philadelphia, Ohio. “Every effort will be made to create a signed, safe and enjoyable experience and the Towpath Trail will continue to do what it does best – helping users enjoy Akron’s culture, history, recreation and nature,” said Rice. 

At the end of the project, the Towpath Trail will be returned to its original location along the Little Cuyahoga River.

“This is a great opportunity for our users to see where the Towpath Trail can take them,” said Mayor Fusco. “This is also a great opportunity to explore new areas of Akron, and see what our beautiful and diverse city has to offer.” 
The Towpath Trail will be printed on maps and made available on the Ohio & Erie Canalway Coalition National Heritage Area visitor website, as well as on other Summit County and Akron websites. Maps will also be available at the Mustill Store, which will remain open during the duration of work. Clear signs will mark the path for users. 
For question or concerns, please contact Akron Waterways Renewed! program Communication Manager Heather Bolestridge at (330) 375-2501 or by email at hbolestridge@gstephensinc.com., ODOT Traffic Notices 
Ongoing in Akron:
 Interstate 77 in the City of Akron
(until further notice)
The ramp from I-77 northbound to I-277 westbound is CLOSED through late November for a bridge replacement and widening. The detour is I-77 north to I-76 westbound/Kenmore Leg. 
(until further notice)
I-77 southbound under the ramp from I-77 northbound to I-277 westbound has various nightly lane restrictions through mid-November for a bridge replacement and widening. This work is part of a $2.8 million project to widen and replace the ramp from I-77 northbound to I-277 westbound and the Chester Ave. pedestrian bridge over I-76/Kenmore Leg. The entire project is scheduled to be completed by mid-September 2016.

Spicer St. & Johnston St. in the City of Akron
(until further notice)
The following areas have lane restrictions or closures for the relocation of Johnston St. between Spicer St. and Brown St.
• Spicer St. between Thornton St. and Johnston St. is permanently closed for roadway relocation. The detour is Thornton St. to Grant St. to Morgan Ave. 
• The intersection of Brown St. and South St. is partially closed through early December for roadway reconstruction. The detour is E. Thornton St. to Grant St. to Morgan Ave. to Brown St. 
• Johnston St. at Inman St. is closed through early December for roadway reconstruction. The detour is Inman St. to Lovers Lane to Brown St. to Morgan Ave. to Grant St. 
This work is part of a $15.6 million project to remove three bridge on I-76/I-77 over Johnston St. The project also includes the relocation of Johnston St. between Spicer St. and Brown St. The entire project is scheduled to be completed by late July 2017., Rick Schmahl leaving City
Phil Montgomery new City CIO

 Akron, Ohio (November 20, 2015) -   Akron Mayor Jeff Fusco announced Friday that Rick Schmahl, the City’s Chief Information Officer, will be leaving the City effective November 20, 2015 to accept a position as the Multi Agency Radio Communications System (MARCS) Program Director with the State of Ohio, Department of Administrative Services.   Schmahl served the City for more than 30 years as a law enforcement officer and administrator with the Akron Police Department before being appointed to the position of Chief Information Officer by Mayor Plusquellic in 2012.   
          On his way home from a successful trip to a European trade conference, Mayor Jeff Fusco said, “I thank Rick for his many years of dedicated service to the City and wish him the best of success in his future position. The State is gaining a competent, experienced professional in Rick, and I trust that he will serve the Department of Administrative Services with the same professionalism and talent with which he has served the City of Akron.”
            Mayor Fusco also announced the appointment of Phil Montgomery to fill the position of Chief Information Officer. Montgomery has served as Deputy Director of Public Service since he was appointed to the position by Mayor Plusquellic in 2013. 
“Phil came to the City with a wealth of experience in audit, analytics, and information technology and he has continued to impress me with his comprehensive understanding of new technology and integrated processes,” Mayor Fusco remarked. “Phil has been an asset to the City since his arrival, taking a lead role in helping to manage and oversee the City’s CSO project and many other service operations.  In addition to his data technology and analytics experience, Phil’s intimate knowledge of City organization and processes will be an advantage as he assumes this new position.” 
       Montgomery brings to the position a Bachelor of Business Administration degree with a concentration in Business Information Systems from DeVry University and a Masters in Business Administration from Ohio Dominican University, as well as eight years of corporate internal audit experience with two international manufacturing firms and at Time Warner Cable here in Akron.   
        Montgomery is also deeply invested in the Akron community, serving on various boards and commissions, including chairing the County of Summit Alcohol, Drug Addiction and Mental Health (ADM) Services Board and the Community AIDS Network/Akron Pride Initiative (CANAPI). 
        Mayor Fusco indicated that he plans to fill the vacancy in the position of Deputy Director of Public Service in the near future., The following statement has been issued by Mayor Jeff Fusco:

I, on behalf of the City and its residents, want to publicly thank those safety officials who responded to yesterday’s tragic plane crash in Ellet. We particularly want to recognize the members of the Akron Fire Department, the Akron Police Department and the Ohio State Highway Patrol who arrived on the scene so quickly and worked so diligently to contain what might have been an even greater tragedy.

We extend our deepest condolences to the families and loved ones of the victims of this crash and ask the community to join us in remembering them in our thoughts and prayers. We also want to acknowledge the trauma and loss experienced by our local residents whose homes were affected and those who witnessed this terrible event. We urge everyone who observed the crash or was otherwise affected to take advantage of the support and counseling services being offered by the American Red Cross.

We are standing by to assist the National Transportation Safety Board and other authorities as they begin their investigation and will provide our full support to the community of Ellet during the coming days as it strives to recover from this heartbreaking event., Thank you to all our military personnel for the sacrifices you have made for our freedom., Small Jet Crashes in Akron 

 Akron, Ohio (November 10, 2015) - A Hawker H25 small jet crashed into an apartment building located at the corner of Mogadore and Skelton Roads in Akron Tuesday afternoon.  Additional buildings in the area were also affected.  
      
The Akron Police Department and Akron Fire Department have responded to the scene, along with the Ohio State Patrol, which has primary jurisdiction of all aircraft accidents in Ohio. The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) has also been contacted and is expected at the scene. Details of the occupancy or ownership of the aircraft have not been confirmed at this time.  
      
Forces of the Akron Fire Department have worked to extinguish a massive fire created by the crash.  Agencies responding have begun an investigation into all circumstances of the crash. First Energy was also on the scene addressing power outages in the area. 
      
Motorists traveling in East Akron may experience periodic closure of streets in the area of Mogadore and Skelton Roads. 
      
Mayor Jeff Fusco, on behalf of the City, extends his thoughts and prayers to all involved, as the first responders work to address this situation., Akron, Ohio (November 10, 2015) -– 

The large White Ash located on the southwest corner of Elmdale Avenue and West Exchange Street is scheduled to be removed on Thursday, November 12, 2015 for safety reasons.  The tree has suffered significant damage created by the Emerald Ash Borer.  

In 2002, the tree was scheduled to be removed for the installation of a new curb ramp.  The outcry from concerned residents resulted in the tree being saved, and alternative methods being used to construct the curb ramp.  Since then, the City has performed annual inspections of the tree and remediated any hazards or defects as they appeared.  

In 2012, the first signs of the Emerald Ash Borer were detected in the upper canopy of the Elmdale ash tree. Jon Malish, a Landscape Technician with the City, has watched the progression of this insect as it has spread throughout the City.  “The borer is devastating our Ash trees.  They tunnel galleries just under the bark and cut off the supply routes for water and nutrients to flow from the roots to the leaves.  When this happens, the tree begins to die,” Jon Malish said. 

This has happened to tens of thousands of White Ash trees in Ohio, including over 500 White Ash trees in Akron rights-of-way alone.  Unfortunately, the White Ash on Elmdale has met the same fate. 

The City’s Director of Public Service, John Moore, said “The safety of pedestrians, residents, and the traveling public are our primary concern.  The tree could come down during a storm, during heavy wind, or under its own weight or the weight of snow. The tree has dead limbs as thick as 24 inches hanging over West Exchange. No one in Akron wants to see this beautiful old tree taken down, but as it stands today, the tree poses a serious risk to the public.  We have no choice.”

But, while the tree may be ending its watch on the corner of Elmdale and West Exchange, it will live on through the collaboration between the City and local artists.  When informed that the tree had to be removed, Mayor Fusco came up with the idea to use the City’s Summer Arts Experience program to create a lasting tribute to the tree.   

“After the experts concluded that the tree had to come down, I decided we had to find a way to preserve and celebrate its history” said Mayor Jeff Fusco.  “Through the Summer Arts Experience, a local artist, with the help of Akron youth, will create an historical timeline of Akron by using the growth rings from the cross sections of the tree trunk.”  

 Jon Malish estimates that the tree is 125-150 years old and an extraordinary 60+ inches in diameter at its base.  “When you think about the historical events that occurred during the lifetime of this tree, it is truly remarkable.  We need to celebrate and respect this natural historical wonder, as we safely remove it from the neighborhood.”

The City’s hope is that these art installations will be displayed at various locations throughout the City.  The City will also be preserving the stump for possible use as a “permanent chair” or bench for pedestrians.  During removal, the tree will be cut into log-length sections and preserved and stored for future use in these types of projects.  

“I also invite and encourage any Akron citizens wanting to make creative use of this tree to submit proposals for other uses of the logs as carvings, benches, or other art.”  Mayor Fusco said.  The City would be willing to collaborate with residents in seeking out funding sources for projects.
   
The owners of the abutting property at 1492 W. Exchange recently submitted a proposal for funding to the Knight Arts Challenge for a potential project involving the tree and are awaiting a decision. "Regrettably, we are losing this beautiful tree which has watched over many generations of Akronites, but have been impressed with Mayor Fusco's ingenuity and cooperation to preserve its memory for our community," stated homeowner Megan Moreland. "My family and I look forward to playing a role in the development of the artwork that will tell the story of our dear ash and welcome our neighbors into the process so its passing will be given purpose."
   
The City will close Elmdale Avenue from Malden Street to West Exchange Street.  Detour signs will be posted.  The detour route will be west on West Exchange, south on South Hawkins to Mull Circle.  For more information, please contact Jon Malish, Landscape Technician III for the City of Akron, at jmalish@akronohio.gov or call 330-375-2731., Ohio Canal Interceptor Tunnel Groundbreaking Event

  
 The City of Akron began work on the Ohio Canal Interceptor Tunnel – the largest component of the city’s court-ordered Long Term Control Plan - with a “groundbreaking” ceremony this past Friday, Nov.6th  on the banks of the Little Cuyahoga River, north of Downtown.
 “This is the beginning of the largest construction project in the 190 year history of the City,” said Mayor Jeff Fusco. “It’s appropriate that we treat the start of this project as the historic event it is, as we embark on the work that will make our waterways cleaner than they have been since Akron became an industrial powerhouse in the 19th century.”
 Along with ceremonies launching construction, the City also unveiled the plans for the relocation of the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath trail through the area, and will announced the name of Akron’s Tunnel Boring Machine.
 More than 770 cities nationwide are remediating Combined Sewer Overflows (CSO’s) under the supervision of the U.S. EPA and federal courts. Akron’s Long Term Control Plan is the most stringent in the nation. The Consent Decree was entered by the Federal Court in early 2014 at a price tag of $1.4 billion (escalated).
 Since 1987, Akron has spent more than $390 million to improve its sewer system, to meet EPA requirements, including upgrades to Akron’s wastewater treatment plant, the Akron Water Reclamation Facility in the Cuyahoga Valley.
 Water quality in the Cuyahoga River has improved to a level that supports fish and bug life and facilitated the return of the Great Blue Herons at the southern gateway to the Cuyahoga Valley National Park. 
The Ohio Canal Interceptor Tunnel
 The Ohio Canal Interceptor Tunnel (OCIT) will have a 27-foot finished inside diameter and will be 6,240 feet long. It will begin at the Little Cuyahoga River north of the Mustill Store on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath, and extend to Lock 1 of the canal at West Exchange Street in Downtown Akron.  The tunnel will control combined sewer overflow at nine separate locations, and will store over 25 million gallons of combined sewer overflow.
 The City has awarded the tunnel construction contract to Kenny/Obayashi JV, a Joint Venture that brings two experienced tunnel construction companies together. 
“Their bid - well below our estimate- gives the City a formidable team to complete this intricate, yet massive, tunnel project.” said Fusco. The City Engineer’s estimate for the project was $252,212,193 and the accepted bid is $67 million dollars less. The tunnel is scheduled to be in operation by December 31, 2018.
Re Routing the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath
 “Akron and Summit County were the first to complete the Towpath Trail through its boundaries,” said Mayor Fusco. “It’s one of Akron’s most important recreational assets, and preserving it during this construction project has been a high priority.”
 The trail will follow Hickory Street between Memorial Parkway and North Street for the duration of the construction. The new route was developed in conjunction with the Ohio & Erie Canalway Coalition, Metro Parks, the National Park Service, residents, numerous community meetings, and the Cascade Locks Park Association which operates the Mustill Store.
 Hickory Street will be closed to through traffic to promote the safety of walkers and cyclists alike. A cul de sac will be installed to stop northbound traffic on Hickory Street and a second cul de sac will be installed to stop southbound traffic.   The S-curve and steep topographic section of Hickory Street will be reserved for towpath traffic only.  
 “We have been part of the planning from the beginning,” says Dan Rice, President & CEO of the Ohio & Erie Canalway Coalition. “This route will provide the thousands of users each year with a fresh way to look at the trail through the City.” 
One change will be the inclines on Hickory Street, the steepest averaging 15% with another incline of about 10%. Some cyclists may choose to walk their bikes through this section of the new trail. 
 While the route is more difficult than the existing one, the detoured trail has been designed with the safety of Hickory Street residents, pedestrians and cyclists in mind.  
Every effort will be made to create a signed, safe and enjoyable experience and the Towpath will continue to do what it does best – help users enjoy Akron’s culture, history, recreation and nature.
 The new towpath location will allow the “Bike Aboard” program to continue on the Cuyahoga Valley Scenic Railroad at Northside Station.
 The changes will keep the 101 mile stretch of canal open between Cleveland and New Philadelphia, and at the end of the project, the Towpath will be restored to its original location along the Little Cuyahoga River. Towpath maps with the new route will be available online at http://www.ohioeriecanal.org. The Mustill Store will remain open during the duration of work.

Naming of the Akron Tunnel Boring Machine
 Akron Waterways Renewed!, the City’s  initiative to address the City’s combined sewer overflows, announced  the results of a contest for Akron residents to name the giant Tunnel Boring Machine (TBM) that will excavate the 27-foot diameter, mile-long tunnel under Downtown Akron.
 Phil Montgomery, Akron’s Deputy Service Director, said Akron’s machine will be named “Rosie.” The nomination from Ellet resident Michael Flynn recognizes Mary Rose Jacob and the hundreds of other “Rosies” that worked at Akron’s rubber factories during World War II, who turned out material and armaments for the allied effort.
 Jacob died in December, 2014 at the age of 88. She was a junior at Kenmore High School when she began working at Firestone, where she helped rivet wings for C-47 warplanes.
Goodyear, Firestone and Goodrich recruited people from Akron high schools to work on the war effort. Rosie (as her friends called her) Jacob was quick to volunteer, even though it meant she had to attend school in the mornings and work an eight-hour shift until late at night. The desire to help the war from the home front was also personal to Jacob, as her two older brothers fought in the war. Jacob worked at Firestone Aircraft until the war ended in 1945. 
 Around the world, large tunneling projects have names for their machines that recognize local icons or the community’s historic individuals, and according to tunneling tradition, a TBM cannot start work until it is given a name.  “Since this is the largest construction project in Akron history, we asked our residents to come up with a name that is meaningful and one that honors someone who has meant something to this City,” said Mayor Fusco. ”Rosie Jacob and the hundreds of women war workers who share the title ‘Rosie the Riveter’ certainly meet that test.”
Jobs Created by the CSO Project
 Mayor Fusco reiterated at the ceremonies that Akron is using new construction delivery methods that will increase our chances of meeting our local labor and minority participation goals. The City of Akron has partnered with the Akron Urban League and Akron Summit Community Action, to provide job training to local residents. The proposal submitted by Kenny/Obayashi will exceed the city’s 35% requirement for employment on the tunnel project. The joint venture is committed to employ 37.26% of its workforce from local residents. The contractor will exceed the City of Akron’s and the State of Ohio’s inclusion program goals - economically and socially disadvantaged women businesses at 3 percent and minority business enterprises at 12 percent. Project Labor Agreements will be used to promote efficiency of construction of the projects and providing for settlement of any labor disputes.

BELOW: Mayor Jeff Fusco, City Council President Mike Freeman and   Students from the National Inventors Hall of Fame STEM School., OFFICIAL GRAND OPENING OF WINTER FEST AT LOCK 3
                 FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 2015
 NORTH EAST OHIO’S MOST POPULAR FAMILY FRIENDLY   DESTINATION FOR WINTER FUN

Akron OH (November 9, 2015) For the 12th consecutive winter, the City of Akron will provide residents and visitors a season of outdoor fun and activities for adults and children starting Friday, November 27th. Brand new this year is Zippy's Little Roo Rink presented by the University of Akron, Ohio's Polytechnic University. Also brand new is The Akron Children's Museum Pop-Up location and our first ever Lock 3 Jingle Bell Bash on December 12th. Returning is Lock 3’s main winter attraction: Ohio’s largest outdoor seasonal ice skating rink, as well as the Holiday Tree Lighting Ceremony, the Welcome Santa Parade, Reindeer Run, Polar Putt-Putt, Countdown to First Night, Breakfasts with Santa, the Magical Train and Special Weekend Events. For a complete list of attractions, calendar and hours of operation visit www.lock3live.com.

THE ICE RINK: The Lock 3 ice rink opens Friday, November 20, 2015 through Presidents Day, February 15, 2016. Admission to the ice rink is free to everyone. Skates can be rented for $3. Skate rental closes ½ hour before rink closes.

ZIPPY'S LITTLE ROO RINK: Presented by The University of Akron, Ohio's Polytechnic University. The 28' x 48' rink designed for beginner skaters, age 14 and under, is an all weather, indoor/outdoor synthetic skating surface and is one of our newest attractions to Lock 3. Zippy's Little Roo Rink will operate during the same hours as the Ice Rink.

AKRON CHILDREN'S MUSEUM POP-UP SITE: Explore the emerging Akron Children's Museum Pop-Up Site, presented by PNC at Lock 3 this winter. Families can explore, create, build, and move through our interactive exhibits designed to inspire the imagination. Admission is $3.Open Wednesday - Saturday 11 am – 7 pm and Sunday 11 am –5 pm. Check Akronkids.org for more information.

POLAR PUTT-PUTT:  Nine holes of indoor putt-putt golf that winds through festive holiday decor.
Fun for all ages. $3 for 9 holes.

THE HOLIDAY TREE LIGHTING FESTIVAL: On Friday November 27th at 7 p.m. the City of Akron and Downtown Akron Partnership will light up the night sky over Lock 3. The half hour program hosted by WONE's Jeff Kinsbach will feature North East Ohio native, The Voice's Jacob Rummel and end with the lighting of spectacular displays throughout Lock 3 as well as a must-see pyrotechnics show. It has been tradition for the guests to stay after the show and ice skate into the night.

THE WELCOME SANTA PARADE: Saturday November 28th at 11am. This annual family tradition features over 75 units including marching bands, floats, costumed characters, dance groups and area organizations. The parade will end with Santa coming to town. Santa will stop at the main stage for the entertainment at end of the parade; he will then come to Lock 3 to meet the children.  All Lock 3 attractions will be open.

REINDEER RUN: Enjoy 150 feet of downhill fun on our all-season polymer coated slide designed for children 14 and under. Adults may accompany children on the slide. Only sleds provided by Lock 3 may be used and are rented for $3 for 30 minutes. The number of sleds available each half-hour will be limited to ensure maximum fun. Wristband and time-slot purchases will be at the Skate Rental Desk.
BREAKFAST WITH SANTA: Enjoy Breakfast with Santa on December 12, 13, 19 and 20 from 9:30-11am. Breakfast is $10  and includes pancakes with lots of yummy toppings, sausage, hot chocolate and orange juice. A ticket to ride the Magical   Train, access to the Akron Children's Museum Pop-Up location, and your choice of a skate rental, Reindeer Run wristband, or a game of polar  putt-putt.  Bring  your  camera  for  plenty  of  photos  with  Santa!  Reservations  recommended  by  calling  Lock  3  at 330-375-2877.

COUNTOWN TO FIRST NIGHT: A celebration in diversity and the largest community visual arts display in Northeast Ohio is Lock 3's “Countdown to First Night,” featuring 40, hand-painted banners from schools, churches, community centers, ethnic organizations and civic groups, each one illustrating an expression of the winter holiday season. Lock 3 unveils a new banner on the State Street Parking Deck façade each evening, between Nov. 27 and First Night.

THE MAGICAL TRAIN: Enjoy a drive through Lock 3 on this trackless train that holds both adults and children. Fare is $3 for adults and children.

THE VINTAGE ONEIL'S WINDOW DISPLAYS: The famous classic department store animated window displays that Akronites remember from the 1960’s through the 1980’s will be displayed in the windows of the O'Neil's and Polsky buildings on Main St. Displays include The 3 Little Pigs, The Wizard of Oz, 3 Men in a Tub, Alice In Wonderland, The Cabbage Patch Kids, Raggedy Ann and more.

CRAFT IN SANTA'S WORKSHOP: December 3, 10, 17 from 5:30 p.m. - 8:30 p.m. in Santa's Workshop
(located inside Polar Putt Putt). FREE for children 3-12 years old. Looking for lots of holiday fun and an evening out with the kiddies? Join Santa and his helpers making crafts inside Santa's workshop. Lots of fun craft projects to choose from. You make it and then take it home with you. Enjoy photo opportunities with Santa and complimentary cookies and punch.

CRAFTY MART PRESENTS COTTAGE MART: For the first time, Crafty Mart is hosting a holiday pop-up market with a curated collection of our area's finest artists and makers in the outdoor wooden cottages. Enjoy ice skating, the new Children's Museum space, have a cup of hot chocolate, and stroll through the outdoor marketplace. Do your holiday gift shopping for locally-made items by small business makers for one weekend only. Saturday December 5th 11 a.m.-7 p.m. and Sunday, December 6th 11 a.m.-5 p.m.

AKRON2AKRON HOLIDAY WALKING TOUR: Join us for the Akron2Akron Downtown Christmas History Walking Tour and After Party on Saturday December 12th. The Walking Tour starts at 4pm and is free to the public and is led by Joanna Wilson the author of The Story of Archie the Talking Snowman and Akron's History of Christmas Attractions.

FIRST LOCK 3 JINGLE BELL BASH: To benefit Ronald McDonald House of Akron. December 12th at 6pm inside Lock 3. Admission is $10 and each  party goer  will  receive  2  tickets  to a  raffle, one  drink  ticket, and  food. There  will  be  coffee, hot chocolate, Thirsty Dog's Christmas Ale, soda, holiday cookies and hor d'oeuvres available. Guests will also have free access to ice skate and play putt putt golf during the event.

SPECIAL EVENTS: Need something to make your winter weekends a little warmer? Stay tuned to the website for more events and activities throughout January and February.

FOOD AND BEVERAGE: The concession stand at Lock 3 offers chili, soups and other hot items to warm skating and sledding enthusiasts. Akron’s own Thirsty Dog brews are offered, including Lock 3 Lager. Coca Cola soft drinks and hot chocolate are also available.

THE FINE PRINT:
• For group sales, party packages, private rentals and fundraising opportunities at Lock 3 call 330.375.2877 or e-mail inquiries to lock3@akronohio.gov.

• The City of Akron and Downtown Akron Partnership encourages visitors to make the most of downtown Akron. Have dinner and/or drinks at one of the over 30 restaurants and bars in downtown Akron before or after visiting Lock 3. Anyone who brings a receipt to Lock 3 will receive 1 free ice skating rental valid in January and February. (1 free skate rental/receipt).

• Guests can park free on State St. and Cascade parking decks for free after 6 p.m. on weekdays and all day on weekends.

• For a complete and updated schedule of events and attractions visit www.lock3live.com. We are always updating our .events throughout the winter.

• City of Akron Lock 3 contact: Tish Jernigan, Downtown Operations Manager,  330-375-2877 ljernigan@akronohio.gov, NORMAL CURB SERVICE WEDNESDAY, VETERANS DAY 
NO DELAY THE ENTIRE WEEK

 Akron, Ohio (November 9, 2015) - There will be regular curb service and NO DELAY on Wednesday, November 11, 2015, Veterans Day. There will be normal trash/recycle collection for the entire week., Akron RubberDucks win national award.
Akron area residents are not the only people taking notice of the hard work of Akron RubberDucks owner Ken Babby, General Manager Jim Pfander, and their staff. 
Minor League Baseball announced that the Akron RubberDucks are the recipients of the 2015 Larry MacPhail Award, symbolic of the top promotional team in the country. 
This is the first time Akron has won the award and just the sixth time for the Eastern League in its 50 year history.
RubberDucks owner Ken Babby said: “This is an extremely prestigious award and a true honor to be selected from among more than 160 Minor League Baseball teams.”  He went on to give credit to the Akron fans and the organization’s desire “to make Canal Park the epicenter of affordable family fun in Northeast Ohio.” 
Babby promised a number of new and creative promotions as well as fun-filled experiences at Canal Park when the Akron RubberDucks kick off the 2016 season next April 14th. The RubberDucks are the Double-A affiliate of the Cleveland Indians., Mushrush Contracting and Dominion East Ohio Gas will close Moore Street between E. Ido Avenue and E. Mapledale Avenue near E. Ido Avenue Wednesday, November 4, 2015 at 
approximately 7:00 AM until 5:00 PM for a gas main road crossing. Local traffic and emergency vehicle access will be from Mapledale Avenue. The posted detour route is: 
E.Ido Avenue, Bellows Avenue , Mapledale Avenue. 
Please remember to drive safely and to obey all road detour and closure signs., The Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail will remain OPEN to hikers, bicyclists, runners, and dog walkers throughout the construction of the Ohio Canal Interceptor Tunnel project.  The Towpath Trail, one of the premier recreation assets of this community, is being temporarily rerouted during construction of this project (to start next week and be completed by December 2018).  The City is committed to providing a continuous route for Towpath users and has collaborated extensively with its community partners to provide a safe, accessible, and identifiable new connection., Akron City Engineer and Water Supply Bureau Manager
Recipients of National and State Awards

Akron, Ohio (October 28, 2015) – James Hewitt, PE, City Engineer for the City of Akron was recently recognized as a national award recipient by the Water Environment Federation (WEF) at their annual technical exhibition and conference in Chicago.  This award, called the National Golden Manhole Award, is issued to individuals for distinguished and meritorious service for significant participation in one or more of the following areas: operations, maintenance, design, education, training, certification, management, and planning of sewer collection systems.
 The WEF national conference saw a record-setting 25,048 registrants from Sept. 26-30 at McCormick Place in Chicago and is the largest conference of its kind in North America. It offers water quality professionals from around the world water quality education and cutting-edge technology training. 
Hewitt, also a 2009 State of Ohio Water Environmental Association award winner, expressed gratitude for the national recognition, stating that this could not have been accomplished without the great support he has received throughout his career with the City of Akron.  

Hewitt has been employed by the City of Akron for 27 years, holds a Bachelor of Science in Construction Engineering Technology from the University of Akron as well as an Associate Degree in Applied Science in Surveying and Construction Technology. He has worked his way up from being an Engineering Projects Coordinator, Sewer Maintenance Superintendent, Water and Sewer Systems Manager, and Public Utilities Bureau Manager, to being named the City Engineer in 2012. He is a Registered Professional Engineer in Ohio, is an Ohio EPA Wastewater Collection Class II and Ohio EPA Water Distribution Class II operator, as well a member of various state and national professional organizations. 

The City of Akron is equally proud of Jeffrey Bronowski, the City Water Supply Bureau Manager.  Jeff was awarded the American Water Works Association’s (AWWA) Ohio Section 2015 Water Treatment Operator Meritorious Award at their annual gala dinner of more than 500 people held in Cleveland on September 17, 2015. The award is presented to an individual who has demonstrated consistent and outstanding contribution to water treatment plant operations and maintenance, installation of new equipment and training of water treatment plant operators.  Bronowski said he was very honored and humbled by the entire event stating: "I lead an amazing group of water professionals at Akron and get credit for their hard work and dedication. This award goes to Akron's 125 drinking water employees who provide high quality drinking water to our nearly 300,000 customers." 

Bronowski holds a Bachelor’s degree in Civil Engineering from the University of Akron, is a licensed Professional Engineer, and is a Class IV Water Supply Operator.  He has been with the City of Akron for 21 years, starting as an Engineering Co-op, a Civil then Senior Engineer, Water Plant Superintendent, and now as Bureau Manager supervises 125 people in the Water Bureau and three division managers.

 This year marks the 100th year that the City of Akron’s Water Supply Bureau has been treating drinking water at the existing water treatment plant. Today, the Bureau provides approximately 35 million gallons a day of drinking water to customers in the City of Akron and neighboring communities throughout Summit County. The Watershed Division is a division of the Water Supply Bureau with Lake Rockwell as Akron’s primary drinking water source and LaDue and East Branch reservoirs the secondary sources. Mogadore Reservoir is used for flood control and recreation while Lake Pippin is a wildlife preservation area., TRICK OR TREAT
  
Akron, Ohio (October 28, 2015) - The City of Akron's annual celebration of Halloween will be on Halloween Night, Saturday, October 31, 2015 from 5 to 7 p.m. 
Our children will be out that night for “Beggar's Night”, so please watch out for them and drive carefully. As always, Akron police patrols will pay special attention to children and families walking city neighborhoods to ensure their safety., Please be advised: Mull Avenue is closed from Hawkins Avenue to First Energy due to a large fire in the parking garage of the Fairway Manor Apartments on Mull Avenue., City of Akron Partners with Simple Recycling
For Curbside Textile Recycling Program

	Akron, Ohio (October 19, 2015) – Recycling for clothing and textiles will be available for curb service customers in the City of Akron starting next Monday, October 26, 2015.

The clothing and textiles will be picked-up on the normal trash and recycle collection day. Curb service customers were sent a Simple Recycle postcard last week briefly explaining the program and the basic items that will be accepted inside the green recycle bags. The green bags will be provided to Akron’s residential customers in a second wave of mass mailings this week. 

Simple Recycling will pick-up up the green bags of clothing on each customer’s normal trash/recycle collection day. The green bags are to be place on the curb 3 to 5 feet from (not in) Akron’s trash and recycle bins. Simple Recycling will supply replacement green bags to those participating in this program. 

Akron’s Mayor Jeff Fusco said that he “continues to encourage our employees to investigate and implement new innovative programs like this in order to provide better service to our citizens.” 

As part of the growing list of cost saving green initiatives, the City of Akron and Simple Recycling are partnering in this new, easy, and free service for Akron’s curb service customers. Acceptable recycling items include clothing, shoes, bedding, linens, socks, other textiles, and accessories.  

This service will be provided entirely by Simple Recycling at no cost to Akron or its citizens. It will actually generate revenue of a penny per pound (or $20 per ton) for textiles collected. The total savings to the City of Akron when adding in the solid waste disposal fees will be around $66 per ton. The average person throws away 68 pounds of clothing per year. Clothing and house wares account for approximately 10 percent of the municipal waste stream.  

“It’s a good way to keep reusable materials out of the landfills.  Clothing is 100 percent recyclable, but 85 percent still ends up in landfills,” said Representative Bill Wilk of Simple Recycling.  In Summit County, Norton, Bath Township, Green, Boston Heights, Northfield Center, Richfield Township, Twinsburg, Cuyahoga Falls and Tallmadge have all joined in this recycling effort.

 “We are not trying to take away from charitable organizations, and strongly encourage people to continue to donate to charity,” said Robert Harris, City of Akron’s Solid Waste & Recycling Manager. “But, Simple Recycling will prevent clothing and textiles that would otherwise be thrown in the trash from ending up in a landfill.” 

For more information, please visit the Simple Recycling website (http://simplerecycling.com/) or contact Robert Harris, Solid Waste & Recycling Manager for the City of Akron, at rharris@akronohio.gov or call 330-375-2801., What is your best idea to make Akron more successful?  

Calling all visionaries, innovators and change makers! The Knight Cities Challenge wants YOU to submit your biggest, boldest idea to improve Akron. 

Apply at www.knightcities.org.  The deadline to submit is October 27, 2015., The Summit County Health District will be sponsoring a Rabies Vaccination Clinic in the City of Akron at Lock 3 Park downtown on Saturday, October 17, 2015 from 10:00 a.m. until 2:00 p.m.
No appointment is necessary, the pet must be at least 3 months old, it is for dogs and cats only, and the cost of the rabies vaccine is $8 per animal.  Cash or check only, all pets must be on a leash or in a carrier. Questions: call Summit County Health District at 330-926-5600., Holiday Parade Units Wanted 

	Akron, Ohio (October 15, 2015) – The City of Akron Recreation Bureau is seeking parade units for the 29th annual Welcome Santa Holiday Parade on Main Street in downtown Akron on Saturday, November 28, 2015. The parade steps off at 11:00 a.m. and offers fun for the entire family.

It is free and easy to participate. Youth groups, businesses and organizations are welcome to sign up. Parade categories include marching bands, youth groups, animal units, specialty units, floats, costumed characters, and novelty units. Contact Greg Obringer at 330-375-2835 or gobringer@akronohio.gov to be included in the parade line-up.
Applications are also available on-line at: www.akronohio.gov/communityevents .

*end*, Cioffi Construction Co. and the City of Akron is closing the Union Street at East Market Street intersection starting Wednesday, October 14, 2015, for approximately one weeks for the repair of the sanitary sewer., “YOU AND THE LAW” WORKSHOPS

Akron, Ohio (October 14, 2015) –The Akron PeaceMakers and the Akron Police Department are offering free “You and the Law” community workshops at area branch libraries and City of Akron community center locations October through December. Teen and adult residents are invited to attend. No cost or registration is required to attend the workshops.

The 90-minute workshops will be facilitated by an Akron police officer and assisted by members of the nationally recognized youth civic/anti-crime program Akron PeaceMakers. They will present practical demonstrations as well as guidelines for having positive interactions with law enforcement officers. Listed below are the dates and locations of upcoming workshops.

AKRON LIBRARIES
12 p.m. - 1:30 p.m.
October 24, 2015 Ellet Branch Library, 2470 E. Market St
November 14, 2015 Maple Valley Branch Library, 1187 Copley Road

COMMUNITY CENTERS
6 p.m. - 7:30 p.m.
October 27, 2015 Summit Lake Community Center, 380 W. Crosier St.
November 10, 2015 Joy Park Community Center, 825 Fuller St.

Area churches, community organizations, and schools are also encouraged to schedule workshops for their group by calling 330-375-2712 or by completing a workshop request form at www.AkronPeaceMakers.org., Halloween  Trick or Treat
"Beggar’s Night" in Akron is: Saturday, October 31st  from 5 to 7 p.m. 
Drivers are asked to please watch for children. Additionally, Akron Police patrols will pay special attention to the safety of  children and families walking in city neighborhoods., K-9 Bronson Remembered
Every day for the last five years, Akron Police Officer Jeff Edsall spent his working and private life with his partner, K-9 Bronson.  Joining the APD in June 2010 and trained for human scent tracking and apprehension, patrol work, and narcotics detection, Bronson was a seven year-old Belgian Malinois police dog who died in his sleep from a liver tumor on September 25, 2015. Whether at home, on patrol, or visiting children in schools, Officer Edsall and K-9 Bronson were inseparable. The City of Akron joins Officer Jeff Edsall in saluting the life and unselfish service of K-9 Officer Bronson., CITY OF AKRON, OHIO 
AKRON ENGINEERING BUREAU 166 SOUTH HIGH STREET, ROOM 701 AKRON, OH 44308 
http://www.ci.akron.oh.us 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: September 30, 2015
 
UPCOMING PROJECT INFORMATION 
White Pond Parkway
IN THE CITY of AKRON, SUMMIT COUNTY 

Project Location: The City of Akron has received federal funding to construct the new roadway White Pond 
Parkway extending westerly off of White Pond Drive, directly across from Pine Grove Drive. The roadway 
will serve the new development area bound by White Pond Drive, Frank Boulevard and I77. 

Proposed Improvements: Proposed improvements include the construction of a new asphalt roadway 
approximately 1500’ in length, including concrete curbs and sidewalks, sewer, and water main. No 
interruption of current traffic patterns is expected. 

The estimated construction cost is $2,200,000. The proposed project will be constructed within the City of 
Akron property and will not result in substantial impacts to environmental (ecological, cultural, hazardous 
waste sites, etc.) resources. 

Construction is scheduled to begin in spring 2016. All interested persons are invited to provide comments, 
statements, and/or exhibits by mailing them to Christine Jonke, P.E., Project Manager – City of Akron 
Engineering Bureau, 166 South High Street, Room 701, Akron, Ohio 44308; or calling 330-375-2015. The 
final date for submission of comments will be October 30, 2015. 

For Further Information, Contact: City of Akron Contact: 
 Christine Jonke, P.E.
City of Akron, Project Manager 
(330) 375-2015 
CJonke@akronohio.gov 
PID 99051, City of Akron Seeking New PeaceMakers Class 
Fall 2015 Orientation

	Akron, Ohio (October 2, 2015) – The Akron PeaceMakers, a civic youth anti-crime program of the City of Akron Mayor’s Office, is seeking new members for their fall orientation. “We usually only offer the summer orientations, but due to the increased interest in the program, we decided that a fall session should be added,” said Willa Keith, the program’s coordinator. 
    Keith also noted that the word is getting out on how committed to service these teens are and the impact they are making, not only in Akron, but nationwide. Akron PeaceMakers have provided over 5,000 hours of service to local organizations in the past year while earning national attention for their “You and the Law” campaign. “You and the Law” brochures provide guidelines on interacting with law enforcement. 
     Akron area teens entering the 9th through 12th grades this fall are eligible to apply. The fall orientation will be offered in four sessions beginning Saturday, October 10, from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m.    All applications are due on or before next Thursday, October 8, 2015, and are available online at www.AkronPeaceMakers.org.
For more information, call Willa Keith at 330-375-2712 or Billy Soule at 330-375-2660 or send an email to PeaceMakers@akronohio.gov., CRAIN’S AKRON BUSINESS
With nearly 200,000 residents and over 700,000 in the Greater Akron area, Crain’s Cleveland Business has published the inaugural print edition of “Crain’s Akron Business.” 
Recognizing Akron’s tradition of industry and innovation in business, Crain’s stated goal is to provide Akron-area business leaders with the same quality of business news coverage about the people, companies and trends that other cities enjoy.   It will be delivered the fourth week of each month with the Crain’s Cleveland Business issue., The City of Akron would like to thank everyone who made this year's Akron Marathon a huge success. Thank you to all of the City of Akron employees ,Sgt. Michael Vavro of the Akron Police Department/Traffic Bureau, our citizens having neighborhood block parties along the route, and sponsors, who all volunteered their time and energy to welcome over 13,000 runners to our city.This year's marathon was even more challenging due to a new route, but a great amount of planning made it another successful event., City Wins GFOA’s Distinguished Budget Presentation Award

Akron, Ohio (September 25, 2015) – For the 31st  consecutive year, the City of Akron received the Government Finance Officers Association of the United States and Canada’s (GFOA’s) Distinguished Budget Presentation Award for its 2015 budget book.  Akron’s Director of Finance, Diane Miller-Dawson, was also awarded a certificate of Recognition for Budget Presentation for her role in the City’s nationally recognized accomplishment.
“We have achieved national recognition for our outstanding budget presentations every year since the GFOA established this award in 1984,” noted Diane Miller-Dawson. “Once again, the GFOA has confirmed that our method of budget reporting utilizes the best practices available.”  

The GFOA established the Distinguished Budget Presentation Awards Program to encourage and assist state and local governments to prepare budget documents of the very highest quality that reflect both the guidelines established by the National Advisory Council on State and Local Budgeting and the GFOA’s best practices on budgeting and then to recognize individual governments that succeed in achieving that goal. Documents submitted to the Budget Awards Program are reviewed by selected members of the GFOA professional staff and by outside reviewers with experience in public-sector budgeting.  
 In order to receive the budget award, the City had to satisfy nationally recognized expert’s guidelines for effective budget presentation.  Akron’s budget presentation rated “proficient” in all four categories designed to assess how well an entity’s budget serves as (1) a policy document, (2) a financial plan, (3) an operations guide, and (4) a communications device, as well as “proficient” in the fourteen mandatory criteria within those categories. 

Of the award, Akron Mayor Jeff Fusco said: “The GFOA consists of a prominent group of financial experts throughout the United States and Canada. For an extraordinary 31st consecutive year they have recognized that Akron continues to have an outstanding method of budget reporting. I commend our Finance Department for working hard to produce an exceptionally proficient budget presentation.”, 2015 AKRON MARATHON NOTES for 9/25 and 9/26: 
South  High Street Closure between E. Bowery and University Avenue will begin at Friday, September 25 at 7:00 PM 

Key Ramp Closures for the 2015 Akron Marathon on Saturday, September 26th 
•	Martin Luther King Blvd at State Street – East Bound: 5:00 AM to 1:30 PM
•	State Route 8 Exits to Tallmadge Avenue and Cuyahoga Falls Avenue - North Bound 6:30 AM to 8:30 AM

For the list of road closures and times for the 2015 Akron Marathon, see:  Akron Marathon 2015 Road Closures
http://www.rubbercityraceseries.org/media/13825/road-closure-grid-2015-akron-marathon.pdf, Akron Police Union President, Paul Hlynksy, Passes Away.

Akron, Ohio (September 24, 2015) –

Paul Hlynsky, President of the Akron police union, passed away on September 23, 2015, after a long and courageous battle with cancer. 

Paul started his career with the Akron Police Department on February 18, 1992. He was elected President of the Akron FOP in 1997, and was re-elected eight times. During his eighteen-year tenure as FOP President, Paul was committed to honoring active, retired, and deceased officers—attending every funeral and nearly every Akron and national police memorial service.

"Paul was a man of true conviction and a tireless advocate for his fellow union officers," Mayor Fusco said, "I extend my prayers and deepest sympathies to his family, friends, and fellow officers for their loss. Above all, I express the sincere gratitude of the City for Paul’s twenty-three years of dedicated service and leadership in this community.", AKRON AWARDED GRANT FOR BODY CAMERAS

City to receive $367,476 in federal funding to pay for body cameras for Akron Police Officers.

Akron, Ohio (September 22, 2015) –

The U.S. Department of Justice, Office of Justice Programs, Bureau of Justice Assistance awarded a grant of $367,476 to the Akron Police Department to fund the purchase and deployment of approximately 245 body-worn cameras for Akron police officers, over the next two years. The grant will require the City to provide matching local funds.

The City’s primary objective is to purchase and deploy these cameras over the grant period, while educating and engaging with the public and collaborating with community partners to formalize a policy on the use of the body-worn cameras. The City will be implementing this technology on those officers having continual, daily interaction with the public.

“This grant brings us one step closer to putting this important technology on the street on a significant scale,” Mayor Fusco said, “This is another fine example of our Akron Police Department creatively seeking out new ways to implement best practices and improve safety for both officers and the public. I applaud Chief Nice’s diligent efforts to acquire this funding and his efforts over the last few years to secure contracts to test body cameras from multiple providers, at no cost to the citizens.” Akron was one of only two agencies awarded funding in the State of Ohio, and one of only twelve mid-sized agencies awarded funding nationwide.

The City has been testing body-worn camera technology for months, and partnered with Kent State University to perform a controlled study to test the impact the cameras have on police
complaints and crime statistics in the City. 

Body cameras have been shown to reduce citizen complaints and uses of force while building community trust and increasing transparency. The City is working on a strategy to handle the substantial storage needed to store the data captured by these cameras, which is projected to be a large component of the overall cost of the body-worn camera program., AKRON AWARDS CONTRACT TO BUILD OHIO CANAL INTERCEPTOR TUNNEL

 Akron, Ohio (September 21, 2015) – The City of Akron took a major step forward to meet the conditions of a consent order in federal court  and reduce the impact on local waterways from the city’s combined sewer overflows(CSO).
 The project, Akron Waterways Renewed, will build infrastructure for the next century that will protect public health and maintain water of the highest quality in the most cost‐effective manner while providing local jobs.
 Akron Mayor Jeff Fusco recently announced that the City has awarded the contract to construct the Ohio Canal Interceptor Tunnel – the largest component of the Long Term Control Plan (LTCP) - to a joint venture with substantial experience in building such tunnels, Kenny/Obayashi V, a Joint Venture.
 “This bid not only came in well below our estimate,” said Mayor Fusco, “but the package submitted by these companies joining forces, gives the city a formidable team to complete this intricate yet massive tunnel project.”
 As part of the bidding process, the City pre-qualified four national and international experienced tunneling firms to propose on the project, which is the largest single job within the Akron Waterway’s Renewed program.
 The Ohio Canal Interceptor Tunnel (OCIT) will have a 27-foot finished inside diameter and will be 6,240 feet long. It will begin at the Little Cuyahoga River north of the Mustill Store on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath, and extend to Lock 1 of the canal at West Exchange Street in Downtown Akron.  The tunnel will control combined sewer overflow at nine separate locations along the waterways, and will store over 25 million gallons of combined sewer overflow.  
 The tunnel project is scheduled to be in operation by December 31, 2018.
 The Joint Venture that has been awarded the bid includes two well-known companies in the field. Kenny Construction was founded in 1927 in Chicago and is nationally recognized for projects in Tunnel, Civil/Construction Management, Underground and Power divisions. Obayashi Corporation was founded in 1892 in Japan. Its presence in the United States began in 1967 and its heavy civil presence in the US began in 1979. 
 Mayor Fusco said that the City Engineer’s estimate for the project was over $250-million ($252,212,193), and the contractors’ low proposal was $67 million under the estimate ($185,030,000.) The proposal submitted by Kenny/Obayashi V met all requirements required by the bid, and exceeded the following requirements:
• Exceeded the 35% local resident hiring requirement with a commitment of 37.26%;
• Exceeded the 15% local EDGE/DBE/MBE/WBE * goal with a commitment of 15.7%;
• Exceeded the 30% local business goal with a commitment of 40.8%; and,
• Exceeded the 1.2% USEPA Minority Business Enterprise  goal with a commitment of  1.3%.

The bidder also committed to make a good faith effort toward the 1.8% USEPA Women Business Enterprise goal with a commitment of 0.3% 
 Akron has one of the most stringent CSO Long Term Control Plans and Consent Decree requirements in the nation, in terms of level of control and schedule. The Plan was estimated to be $870 million in 2012. The Consent Decree was ultimately entered by the Federal Court in early 2014 at a price tag of $1.4 billion.
 Under the final Consent Decree, projects currently in design and construction include CSO Storage Facilities, Pump Station improvements, additional sewer separations, the Ohio Canal Interceptor Tunnel, full scale implementation of expanding biological treatment at the Water Reclamation Facility and the implementation of several projects utilizing “Green Technologies”.
 Akron is currently negotiating through the Integrated Planning process with the U.S. EPA and Ohio EPA, in an effort to reduce the cost of the overall program while maintaining equal or greater environmental benefits. Akron has continued to make significant improvement to the Cuyahoga Rivers’ water quality by increasing operation and maintenance activities, increasing the biological treatment at the Water Reclamation Facility through a pilot project and separating combined sewers to eliminate several combined sewer overflows.
 Water quality in the Cuyahoga River has improved to a level that supports fish and bug life and facilitated the return of the Great Blue Herons at the southern gateway to the Cuyahoga Valley National Park. 

* The State of Ohio’s EDGE program provides an EDGE to small businesses by Encouraging Diversity, Growth and Equity in public contracting. It is an assistance program for economically and socially disadvantaged business enterprises.
  DBE = Disadvantaged Business Enterprise
  WBE = Woman Business Enterprise
  MBE = Minority Business Enterprise, AKRON MOST AFFORDABLE
CNN Money lists AKRON, Ohio at the top of this year’s “The ten most affordable places to live.” 

Citing the on-line residential real estate site Trulia as its source, it said affordability is calculated on the percentage of median income a household would spend on housing (including property taxes and insurance), utilities and commuting. Akron came out on top in affordability among the 100 largest housing markets in the U.S.
 
According to Trulia, housing is still pretty affordable in the Midwest, especially in Ohio, where even though prices are rebounding from the recession, they are still reasonable relative to income., Blessings in a Backpack Day
Mayor Fusco to Fill Backpacks with Food and Press Conference to Bring Awareness to Childhood Hunger in Akron

	Akron, Ohio (September 15, 2015) -  Mayor Jeff Fusco will hold a Press Conference while packing bags of food Thursday, September 17, 2015 at 1:30 p.m. for children at the McEbright Community Learning Center, 349 Cole Ave., as part of a nationwide effort to bring awareness to childhood hunger.  
	Childhood hunger in America and poor nutrition contribute to shorter attention span, decreased attendance, and lower academic achievement. Blessings in a Backpack has a simple mission: to provide weekend food for children in the Akron area who are at-risk of childhood hunger. Akron is fortunate to have passionate volunteers, parents, teachers, community organizations and businesses supporting the effort through this non-profit organization. As a result, children who participate in Blessings in a Backpack have shown improvement in attendance, behavior and health. 	
	In Akron there are six schools that participate in Blessings in a Backpack - Akron. Thanks to the efforts of local volunteers and an annual budget of $64,000, approximately 820 children receive bags of food on Fridays to take home with them over the weekend.
 For more about the program, go to their website at: www.blessingsakron.org or contact Beth Hudak, Director, Blessings in a Backpack – Akron at Blessingsakron@gmail.com., TRAFFIC NOTES: • H.M. Miller Construction Co. will maintain the closure of South River Street between Case Avenue and Johnson Street  for an additional two weeks with the work finishing approximately September 25th.
• Kenmore Construction Co. has closed the intersection at South Firestone Boulevard and Wilbeth Road until further notice for roadway reconstruction., 311 CALL CENTER INTRODUCES
“CITYWORKS”

 Akron, Ohio (September 8, 2015) – The City of Akron announced that it has recently deployed a modern customer service request system to manage its 311 Call Center. 

The new software is called: “CITYWORKS” and replaces the 11 year old customer service system. This web-based software allows City staff to capture service requests ranging from pothole repairs and animal issues to reporting junk vehicles or requesting sanitation services. 

Previously citizens could only call the 311Call Center from land lines to ask questions or to request city service. This new software allows people in Akron to reach the Call Center by calling 311 from either their land line or their cell phone, as 311 cell phone calls are also now immediately transferred to the Call Center.

Akron’s Call Center has handled between 150,000 and 175,000 calls per year for the last several years. The most frequent calls are trash related issues, followed by snow and ice, pot holes, grass and weeds and animal complaints. 

When he was Akron’s Deputy Service Director, now Akron Mayor Jeff Fusco led the steering committee, met with vendors, and visited other cities to observe their customer service call centers before Akron’s opened in 2004. Of this new software system he said: “This system has given the Department of Neighborhood Assistance the ability to streamline and automate their procedures for handling nuisance complaints for such cases as tall grass/weeds, zoning, or trash complaints. This new system will enable us to provide even better 311 service to our citizens.”

This is part of a multi-phased approach to modernize Akron’s citizen support system, and, as a long-term investment, the “CITYWORKS’ software will allow Akron’s IT staff to maintain and expand the application without the need for direct contractor support.

This new system is geo-centric providing fully interactive mapping capabilities allowing City staff to geolocate service requests.
That means it provides the ability to visually analyze service needs across the City by directly utilizing the City's GIS mapping and database technologies. 
 
 In the second phase of implementation, Akron will deploy a mobile friendly web site which will permit citizens to directly input specific information to the proper department and staff member, further reducing response time.
..., The Akron Police Explorer Post #2001 is accepting new members.  The program is open to young men and women ages 14 to 20 who have an interest in law enforcement.
 
The opening night of the program is Tuesday, September 22, 2015.  If you know of any young men or women interested in joining the explorer program, please share the attached flyer with them.
 
As stated in the flyer, the individual does not have to live in Akron, must maintain a 2.0 grade point average in school and cannot have a felony record.
 
For more information about the program, please check the Facebook page Akron Police Explorers or their website http://akronpoliceexplorers.webs.com/
<Akron Police Explorers- Open Night Flyer.pdf>, • H.M. Miller Construction Co. will maintain the closure of Battles Avenue between 22nd Street and East Avenue. Work should be completed by September 18, 2015. 
• Kenmore Construction Co. will close the intersection at South Firestone Boulevard and Wilbeth Road on Monday, August 31, 2015 until further notice.
• H.M. Miller Construction Co. will maintain closure of East Bound I-76 Ramp 25B including Englewood Avenue for an extended period to December 31, 2015

Use Extra Caution when School’s in Session
As summer draws to an end, back-to-school season began last week. Remember to safely share the roads with school buses, pedestrians and bicyclists, and provide children with safe routes to school., CURB SERVICE DELAYED
FOR LABOR DAY HOLIDAY

 Akron, Ohio (September 2, 2015) - On Monday, September 7, 2015, there will be no curb service in observance of Labor Day. There will be a one day delay of trash/recycle collection for the remainder of the week, with curb service resuming on Tuesday, September 8th and continuing through Saturday, September 12th., Kenmore Place  Senior Housing
 Akron, Ohio (September 1, 2015) –Senior citizens are already lining up to pre-lease a unit in the new Kenmore Place, 894 Kenmore Blvd. While the new forty-unit senior housing apartment building is still being constructed, rental applications are now available in the Kenmore Senior Community Center. 

The new building, on the site of the former Heminger School, will be called Kenmore Place and features 20 one-bedroom apartments, 20 two-bedroom apartments, plus two community rooms with additional support spaces. The three story building features an elevator so that all apartments are accessible without stairs. A typical unit will be available for viewing by late October. 

Kenmore Councilman Mike Freeman (Ward 9) is energized about the center noting that the building features a tower and covered pathway as a new entry to the Kenmore Senior Community Center, which Freeman says is “a focus of activity for the Kenmore community.” 

The City of Akron was instrumental in making the project happen. The City acquired the land from the Akron School Board by trading properties, and then contributing the land, HOME funds, demolition funds, and critical support to make it happen. Mayor Jeff Fusco said: “The City of Akron has been 110% behind this senior housing project from its initial conception and this project would not be here today without the efforts of key city personnel and City Council.”
The project will be owned and managed by Buckeye Community Hope Foundation; a Columbus based nonprofit that specializes in the construction, renovation and management of low income senior housing. The property is being developed and built by Akron based Zumpano + Hanson Development., “YOU AND THE LAW” WORKSHOPS
Akron, Ohio (September 1, 2015) - The Akron PeaceMakers and the Akron Police Department are currently scheduling free “You and the Law” workshops to be held from September through December of 2015.
The 90-minute workshop will consist of facilitation by an Akron police officer assisted by members of the Akron PeaceMakers, a nationally recognized youth civic, anti-crime, program. Akron Police Officers will discuss and distribute guidelines for having positive interactions with law enforcement officers.
The PeaceMakers, along with the police department and Akron Public Schools introduced the “You and the Law” palm card in February with the promise of a more comprehensive booklet to come later. Those booklets will be distributed to all participants of the workshops.
For more information or to schedule a workshop for your group, call Police Community Relations at 330-375-2390 or the Akron PeaceMakers at 330-375-2712. Area churches, community organizations, and schools are encouraged to inquire.
A workshop request form is available at www.AkronPeaceMakers.org., Lockheed Martin to Conduct Tethered Aerostats Flights in the City of Akron 
  
(Akron, Ohio August 18, 2015) Lockheed Martin announced the test dates for its new lighter-than-air system that will take place in the City of Akron.
 
Beginning in August 2015 through the summer 2016, Lockheed Martin will begin periodic test flights of its latest aerostat system. Residents of the City of Akron may see tethered balloons flying over the City of Akron; these flights will serve solely as a technical demonstration of the latest lighter-than-air aerostat capabilities.

Beginning today Lockheed Martin will be preparing to test their aerostat system by moving the mooring system and control truck out to the center of the mooring circle. On Monday, August 24, the aerostat will be brought out and connected to the mooring system.  Lockheed Martin is planning on aerostat operations from August 24th through the 26th. 
 
 The balloon will be tethered at Akron Fulton Airport near Derby Downs.  It will be silent, and, per their FAA permit, the aerostat will be tethered at an altitude no higher than 800 ft. during daylight hours only, when VFR conditions are in effect. The aerostat should only be up a short period of time and then reeled back in to the mooring point.    

Lockheed Martin delivered its first lighter-than-air-based persistent intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance systems to the U.S. Navy more than 75 years ago. This legacy of lighter than air innovation, engineering and production has resulted in more than 300 airships and thousands of aerostats in support of military operations world-wide., DATE: Monday, August 17, 2015
North Howard RE: Street –Sewer Repairs
NEWS RELEASE
Page 1 of 1
Kathryn DeMuesy, Project Manager H.R. Gray
614-746-6531
This information is also online at the City of Akron Web Site - www.akronohio.gov
Canal Construction Co. and the City of Akron will close lane sections of North Howard Street
at West Glenwood Avenue at the intersection for sewer repairs. Work will take
approximately one week and will finishing approximately August 26th.
Traffic will be maintained north and southbound on North Howard Street but, no left turns will
be permitted onto West Glenwood Ave from the north or south. There will also be no left
turns permitted onto North Howard Street from West Glenwood Avenue to the north or south.
A detour route has been posted for the left turn restrictions.
Please remember to drive safely and to obey all road detour and closure signs., AMERICA’S BMX RACERS ARRIVE AT AKRON BMX FOR THE
 USA BMX BUCKEYE NATIONALS 

 Akron, Ohio (August 14, 2015) – One of America’s largest action sports, BMX Racing, is returning to the Akron BMX track this weekend and with it will be about 1,000 BMX racers and their families. Both boys and girls will participate in the non-stop races, as well as moms and dads, with ages ranging from as young as 2 years old, up to 70-plus.The USA BMX Buckeye Nationals will be held this Friday, Saturday and Sunday, August 14-16, 2015 at the Akron BMX Track located at 1000 Service Rd, Akron, OH 44306, adjacent to Derby Downs.
During the 11 month long season, the USA BMX national circuit stops in 22 different states, at 31 unique tracks and arenas and Akron BMX is thrilled to host this major sporting event here in the City of Akron. Akron Mayor Jeff Fusco said: “I encourage people from Akron and surrounding areas to go out to the BMX Track this weekend. This is another example of a fun, family friendly event in Akron.”
BUCKEYE NATIONAL SCHEDULE:
• FRIDAY: Action begins on Friday with practice throughout the afternoon and a pre-race at 5pm.
• SATURDAY: Practice continues in the morning, followed by an Opening Ceremony and national    racing kicks off promptly at 11:30am.
• SUNDAY: Competition starts at 8am, with the main events starting at approximately noon.
USA BMX racing is full of nonstop action and the 1,000-foot long Akron BMX track will challenge competitors of all ages. Each race can include as many as eight riders, and will send them speeding down the starting hill, maneuvering and sometimes flying over dirt obstacles, zooming around banked turns in hopes of gaining a spot on the podium. BMX Racing is exciting to watch for all ages.
 Admission is free; parking is $10/per day or $20 for a weekend pass.
 For more information contact: Ed Nelson, Akron BMX Track Director at: 330-417-7104., S. HIGH ST.  PARKING BAN:
 
     Beginning Wednesday August 12, 2015 at 5:00 a.m. there is to be NO PARKING of any vehicles on S. High St. from E. Market St. to E. Exchange St.  Crews will be milling and paving S. High St.    The restrictions will remain in effect until completion of the project, expected to be Saturday, August 15th. Vehicles parked on S. High St. during this time will be towed at the owners expense.  Any questions can be forwarded to:
 
Sgt. Michael S. Vavro
Akron Police Department / Traffic Bureau
Phone:  (330) 375-2506, PRESS RELEASE


City of Akron 166 S. High Street Akron, Ohio 44308
(330)-375-2345 Fax:(330)- 375-2468
Web: www.akronohio.gov

For Immediate Release
Contact:   Richard A. Merolla, Chief of Staff
rmerolla@akronohio.gov or 330-375-2345


Comments from Mayor Fusco regarding cost reduction announcements at University of Akron

	Akron, Ohio (July 30, 2015) –I have been asked by several people in the media to comment on the recent announcement by the University of Akron regarding budget cuts.  I plan on holding a press conference next week regarding other topics, but many in the media are asking for my comments now.

Here are my thoughts:
•	As Mayor, it is always troubling news when an employer announces layoffs.  It is not simply the loss of some tax base; it is the dramatic impact on the families of the affected university employees and students. My thoughts and prayers are with them, as it was with the City employees during the City’s painful layoff process in 2009. I understand the need for budget cuts.  The State has not been a friend of cities or higher education.  While the state is bragging about their large fund balance, a significant part of that was achieved by cutting funding to cities, counties, libraries, schools and universities.
•	I am not intimately familiar with U of A operations, so to comment on the particular areas they determined needed to be cut would be doing so without the facts.
•	Regarding the cuts at EJ Thomas Hall, that facility has hosted quality entertainment for Akron residents and has been a significant component of quality of life our citizens enjoy.
•	I firmly believe that the recent announcement by the University of Akron is not the last gasp for this magnificent performing arts center. 
•	In the short term, I trust the University will treat fairly those who already hold tickets to the cancelled events.
•	For the long term, we stand ready to assist the community to look for new venues to host the events that are being cancelled. We also stand ready to do everything possible to assist in the effort to look for alternative funding options to keep the events at EJ Thomas.  
•	I have heard comments from the public that Civic Theater might be able to host some or all of these events.  I am not sure that is possible, but I will discuss this issue with the leadership of the Civic., TRAFFIC NOTES:
• Tallmadge Avenue  work will be extended one week due to more extensive repair and should be complete by July 31st.

• Portage Path and South Highland Avenue will take an additional week due to more extensive work and should be complete by July 31st., TEEN EXPO AT LOCK 3 HIGHLIGHTS WORK OF PEACEMAKERS
Entertainment and Attractions Reward Youth Volunteers
	Akron, Ohio (July 24, 2015) - The City’s premiere youth volunteer group, the Akron PeaceMakers will hold its 9th Annual Teen Expo, Thursday, July 30, 5:30 to 9 p.m. at Lock 3 in downtown Akron.
          The event is FREE to middle and high school students and is open to all teens in Northeast Ohio and will include music and prizes. There will be various sport activities, including an interactive mobile game truck, the Extreme Obstacle Course Challenge and the Adrenaline Rush Obstacle Course.  There also will be a free photo booth, airbrush tattoos and much more.
Exhibitors from local organizations will also be on hand to provide teens with information on education, health, safety and volunteer opportunities.
          A one-hour block of entertainment will close the event.  The featured act will be Quintavious Johnson, a finalist last year on NBC’s “America’s Got Talent.” He will be accompanied by a four-piece band and has selected the PeaceMakers Teen Expo to premier his soon-to-be released single.  Also on the Lock 3 stage, local teens will be singing, dancing and providing other forms of entertainment as well.
          

	“The PeaceMakers are doing a fantastic job inspiring teens throughout greater Akron,” said Akron Mayor Jeff Fusco. “I hope young people will come Downtown with their friends and find out what the PeaceMakers program is all about. These teenagers - who attend area high schools - promote peace in our community; and this year are helping to forge better relationships between police and community through their You & the Law campaign.”
	“Our teen expos are getting better each year,” said Billy Soule, the program’s creator and Assistant to the Mayor for Community Relations. “We hosted 1,500 teens last year, and are preparing for upwards of 2,000 or more this year. We are encouraging every youth-oriented organization in our area to bring their teens out for a wholesome evening of free fun and entertainment.” The only costs for attendees are food and concessions.
	The Akron PeaceMakers program has more than 100 active and alumni members.  In 2014 they volunteered and participated in more 60 different community projects and provided 5,000 volunteer hours.
	The Akron PeaceMakers are supported through funds provided by The Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company, the Akron Community Foundation, and contributions from the general public.
	For more information on the Teen Expo or the PeaceMakers, call Billy Soule at 330-375-2660 or Willa Keith at 330-375-2712 or visit the website: www.AkronPeaceMakers.org., ODOT says the following ramps will remain closed through mid-September for median drainage repairs on Interstate 76/Kenmore Leg in the City of Akron:
• The ramp from I-76/Kenmore Leg eastbound to Kenmore Blvd. The detour will be I-277 eastbound to I-77 northbound.
• The ramp from Kenmore Blvd. to I-76/Kenmore Leg eastbound. The detour will be Kenmore Blvd. to SR 93/Manchester Rd. to I-277 eastbound to I-77 northbound.
• The ramp from 22nd St. to I-76/Kenmore Leg/ westbound. The detour will be Kenmore Blvd. to SR 93 south to Waterloo Rd. to I-277.
This work is part of a $9.6 million project to make pavement repairs and resurface I-76/Kenmore Leg between I-77 and I-277 in the City of Akron. The entire project is scheduled to be completed by October 2015., The Ohio Department of Transportation  has issued a Traffic Advisory for TODAY:

Interstate 77 in the City of Fairlawn and Copley Township
(Friday, July 24)
On Friday, July 24, between 9 a.m. and 3 p.m. the ramp from I-77 northbound to SR 21 southbound will be closed for resurfacing. The detour will be I-77 north to SR 18 west to I-77 south to SR 21 south., FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Contact:
DATE: Saturday, July 18, 2015
South Portage Path and South Highland RE: Avenue Intersection Closure
NEWS RELEASE
Page 1 of 1
Kathryn DeMuesy, Project Manager H.R. Gray
1-614-746-6531
This information is also online at the City of Akron Web Site - www.akronohio.gov
Cioffi Construction Co. and the City of Akron will close South Portage Path at the
Intersection of South Highland Avenue starting July 20, 2015 for approximately one week for
the construction of a sanitary manhole on an existing sewer within the intersection
The posted detour route is: Dodge Avenue, and West Market Street, back to South Portage
Path and vice versa. Local traffic will have access up to the of South Portage Path and of
South Highland Avenue Intersection.
Please remember to drive safely and to obey all road detour and closure signs.
City of Akron Contact is Kathryn DeMuesy, Project Manager H.R. Gray – Phone 614-746-
6531, AKRON ORGANIZATIONS JOIN TOGETHER TO PRESENT “FLAIR FEST”
City, University, LGBT Groups Welcome Entire Community to Weekend Events

	(Akron, Ohio. July 16, 2015) The City of Akron will extend the welcoming tradition of 2014’s International Gay Games in Akron and Cleveland with “Flair Fest on Main Street,” August 14-15 in Downtown Akron.

	“We saw some remarkable collaboration last year when we hosted GG9 in Akron,” says Mayor Jeff Fusco. “We again want to showcase Northeast Ohio as a welcoming place. The spirit of inclusiveness of the Gay Games continues to enhance our community as a place to live, work and play.”

	Weekend events begin with a conference at The University of Akron on Thursday, August 13. On Friday and Saturday, Lock 3 will host an art show, food and entertainment. There will be golf at the city-owned Mud Run course Friday and a 10k bicycle ride Saturday.

	“With events like these, Akron demonstrates that we can be family-friendly and inclusive,” says Phil Montgomery, Deputy Service Director for the city and board president of CANAPI. “For a hundred years we’ve been an international city with four Fortune 500 companies establishing their global headquarters here. In the 21st century, we are signaling to the world that we welcome everyone to our community.” CANAPI is the beneficiary of the week’s events. It is an organization supporting LGBT rights and was formed out of the Community AIDS Network and Akron Pride Initiative.

GAME CHANGE CONFERENCE
	A professional development conference that began as an outgrowth of GG9 in 2014, a series of workshops and lectures will be held Thursday, August 13, at The University of Akron Student Center from 8am to 4pm. There will also be opportunities for networking among social workers, educators, health care providers and students. CEU’s are available. Multiple topics focus on working with and understanding LGBTQ communities.  The opening speaker is Chris Seelbach, named by the White House as a “Harvey Milk Champion on Change.” He is a member of Cincinnati City Council and was named “Public Official of the Year” by the National Association of Social Workers. Also speaking is Elyzabeth Holford, Executive Director of Equality Ohio.
	 
	The conference is sponsored with the Gay Community Endowment Fund of Akron Community Foundation, the Gay, Lesbian & Straight Education Network of Northeast Ohio (GLSEN), Jewish Family Service, The Akron chapter of PFLAG, Plexus LGBT & Allies Chamber of Commerce, CANAPI, Equality Ohio, The University of Akron School of Social Work and The University of Akron LGBT Union. Registration is $30. Advance registration is offered on Eventbrite by going to www.canapi.org/gcc/, or e-mail info@canapi.org.

FLAIR FEST ON MAIN STREET
	A juried art show, food trucks, vendors and beverages are available for all at the second annual “Flair Fest on Main Street,” Friday, August 14 and Saturday, August 15, 11am to11pm. The Four Swedes - the Abbamania Experience - perform on the Akron General Stage Friday, with Mystic Taxi at 7pm. Gates open at 6pm. Admission is free to the Main Street activities and the Friday night Rock the Lock concert.
	
	On Saturday, Lock 3 Live features Taylor Dane and Alex Newell, with Akron’s own singer/songwriter Rachel Roberts opening at 7pm. Gates open at 6pm. There is an admission charge for the Saturday night concert; it is $10 and can be purchased at the gate only, no advance sale.

	Newell has been seen on TV in the recurring role as transgender student Wade "Unique" Adams on Fox's “Glee.” Taylor Dane had a string of hits in the late 80’s and early 1990s, with her debut single "Tell It to My Heart" reaching No. 7 on the Billboard Hot 100. Other hits included the No. 1 Billboard hit "Love Will Lead You Back". She has had 18 individual hit songs reach the top ten in Billboard magazine. The 2008 song "Beautiful" reached the top spot on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart. 

LINKS AND DRINKS AT MUD RUN GOLF COURSE
	Everyone is invited to join Flair Fest’s golf scramble on Friday, August 14 at the City of Akron’s award-winning Mud Run Golf Course in southwest Akron. Registration is at 1pm, with a shotgun start at 2pm.

	The $40 fee includes 9 holes of golf, plus golf cart, a bucket of balls for the driving range and the cocktail reception at Mud Run. Non-golfers may enjoy the 4pm to 6pm cocktail reception only, for $25. Prizes will be given for closest to the pin, long putt and long drive. Links and Drinks is sponsored by the Akron-Summit Convention & Visitors Bureau, a key participant in 2014’s Gay Games.

SUMMIT PRIDE 10K RIDE
	You can saddle-up your old or new bike or rent one for the Summit Pride Ride, Saturday, August 15, 10am to noon, sponsored with the Summit Cycling Center, the Akron Zoo, the Ohio & Erie Canalway Coalition, and The University of Akron School of Sport Science and Wellness Education.

	The ride begins at Lock 3 and gathers at the Akron Zoo before returning to Lock 3. It is not a race. Prizes will be awarded for best animal costume and the best decorated bike. The ride starts at Lock 3 at 10:30am. Registration is $20 per person, children 12 and under ride free with an adult participant. A limited number of rentals bikes will be available for $15.

REGISTER NOW 
	The deadline to register for the golf event is August 7. Advance registration for the bike ride and the golf are available at Eventbrite, at www.canapi.org/flairfest.  For information, call the CANAPI office, 330-252-1559 or go to www.canapi.org .


FOR FURTHER INFORMATION, CONTACT: Phil Montgomery, 330-375-2270., Health Education & Awareness Fair
  
Last year, the City of Akron committed to participating in My Brother’s Keeper (MBK) Communities Challenges, as proposed by President Obama. MBK Community Challenges requires participating cities to execute a plan of action with community input, in order to provide expanded opportunities for Akron’s young men of color. Opportunities that teach team-building, provide social services, motivate through mentoring and coaching, and that also link young men to a network of local resources so that they can succeed in school and in life. In accordance with MBK’s mission, the City of Akron created the now underway My Brother’s Keeper Basketball Plus Program. 

As a member of the MBK Community Challenges planning committee, Mayor Jeff Fusco recommended that it include a Health Education and Awareness Fair. Mayor Fusco said: “My idea is that we should try to prepare these boys and their coaches for a safe and healthy start as they begin practicing for fall sports. We also need to raise awareness of illness prevention, community resources, and to promote good health for all men of color throughout the City.”

 As a long time supporter of minority health initiatives, Robert DeJournett of Summa Health joined the committee working with participants and planning the Health Education and Awareness Fair.  Partnering in the Health, Education and Awareness Fair initiative are:  Summa Health, Akron Children’s Hospital, Akron General Health System, Akron Black Nurses, and Summit County Public Health. 

The My Brother’s Keeper Basketball Plus Health Education and Awareness Fair will be held at Buchtel CLC on Saturday, July 18, from 11:00 A.M. to 2:00 P.M. with the All-Star basketball games beginning at 2:00 P.M. and 4:00 P.M. This event is open to the public and there is no admission charge for the
All-Star games., Fresh is Healthy at the Lock 3 Market
Enjoy some fresh air, fresh produce, food and activity, every Friday this summer from 11:30 am to 1:30 pm Downtown at Lock 3. 
Everyday Health: Get Out. Get Healthy. Stay Healthy. 
Each Friday, come to The Market at Lock 3 for a weekly recipe card featuring the produce of the week. Visit the Everyday Health table each week and be entered to win great prizes! After 5 visits, get a FREE reusable produce bag. Everyday Health Series is sponsored by SummaCare in conjunction with Downtown Akron Partnership. For more information, email Kimberly Beckett.

Cycle the City
Enjoy guided bike rides throughout Downtown during the Friday’s Market at Lock 3. Bike and helmet provided to the first 10 participants. Sign in at the Bike Kitchen at Lock 3 at 12 p.m. Ride is 12:15-12:45 p.m. Pre-register with Anthony Long at along@downtownakron.com

Why Buy From Local Farmers Markets
Delicious and Nutritious
Fresh, locally grown foods can not only taste delicious, but they are better for you, your community, and your planet. Low mileage from farm to plate reduces the cost to the environment (fossil fuel, packaging, processing) and increases freshness. Local food usually arrives in markets within 24 hours of being harvested. Fresher foods keep longer, reducing waste in the kitchen, and providing better value for our food dollar. Because locally grown foods are so fresh, they are also more nutritious, containing higher levels of vitamins, minerals, and other nutrients that our healthy bodies need.

When it comes to food, variety is the spice of life and nutrition. Local farmers cultivate mouth-watering varieties of delicious foods like Green Zebra tomatoes, Northern Spy apples, Purple Dragon carrots, Buckeye chickens, and many more. These fruits, vegetables, and livestock varieties are bred for flavor, nutrients, and suitability to our local climate and soils rather than for uniformity and ability to withstand a cross-country road trip. Biodiversity never tasted so good! By selling locally, a greater portion of our food dollar stays home supporting farms and businesses which strengthen the local communities and regional economy. 

Local Farmers Markets
Countryside Weeknight Farmers' Market at Highland Square
Thursdays, 4pm to 7pm 
May 28th through October 1st 
Conger Avenue and West Market Street

Countryside Farmers' Market at Howe Meadow
Saturdays 9am to Noon 
May 2nd through October 31st
4040 Riverview Rd.
Peninsula, OH 44264

List of Northeast Ohio Farmers’ Market
http://northeastohiofamilyfun.com/farmers-markets-in-northeast-ohio/, CITY OF AKRON, OHIO 
AKRON ENGINEERING BUREAU    166 SOUTH HIGH STREET, ROOM 701    AKRON, OH 44308
http://www.akronohio.gov
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: 	              July 8, 2015
UPCOMING PROJECT INFORMATION
Tallmadge Avenue/Dayton Street
IN THE CITY of AKRON, SUMMIT COUNTY

The City of Akron will conduct an open house public meeting to present and discuss proposed roadway improvements along Tallmadge Avenue between the limits of Main Street and State Route 8, and the Dayton Street intersection.  

Proposed improvements will provide safer, more efficient traffic flow for vehicles on Tallmadge Avenue, by creating a ‘right sized’ roadway, which will also allow better options for cyclists and pedestrians.  The existing narrow four lane section will be reduced to three standard width vehicle lanes, with one through lane in each direction and a center two way left turn lane.  The pavement section will also include dedicated bicycle lanes.  Sidewalks will be reconstructed at their current width.  Additional improvements include sewer construction and repairs, signalization, and the realigning of the north leg of the Dayton Street intersection with the south leg, creating a traditional intersection.  The Dayton Street realignment will require the removal of two buildings and the relocation of their associated businesses.  

Construction is scheduled for July 2017 thru May 2018.

The public meeting is scheduled on July 22, 2015, from 5:00 PM to 7:00 PM at the Jennings School located at 227 East Tallmadge Avenue, Akron, Ohio, 44310.  The public meeting will be conducted in an open house format with no formal presentation.  Attendees may arrive anytime between 5:00 PM and 7:00 PM.

The purpose of the open house public meeting is to present and discuss the proposed project and to solicit public comments regarding its social, economic and environmental impacts. In compliance with Section 106 of the National Historic Preservation Act of 1966, as amended (codified as 36 CFR 800), City of Akron also requests information regarding the presence of any known cultural resources in the vicinity of the project. Cultural resources include prehistoric and historic archaeological sites, historic bridges and buildings, sites and districts. 

Maps and exhibits illustrating the project will be available for the public to view at the meeting.  Throughout the open house, representatives from the City of Akron Engineering Bureau and the project team will be available to discuss the proposed changes and address any questions and concerns.  

Written and/or oral comments may be submitted during the public involvement meeting.  Comments may be sent by email to CJonke@akronohio.gov or they can be mailed to:
Akron Engineering Bureau
Attn:  Christine Jonke, P.E.
166 South High Street, Room 701
Akron, Ohio 44308

The final date to submit comments is August 21, 2015.  

If you are unable to attend the public meeting, the meeting materials will be available for review at the Engineering Bureau at the above address., Italian American Festival July 9, 10, & 11 
The City sponsored Italian American Festival is this Thursday, July 9th through Saturday, July 11th.  There will be vendors with Italian food and live music. You want to stop down for lunch in addition to enjoying dinner and music in the evenings. 
Thursday at 6:30 is La Flavour, at 8:30 Crush a Bon Jovi Tribute; Friday at 6:30 will be Karri Fedor & Kerosene  and at 8:30 Separate Ways The Band, Tribute to Journey; Saturday  at Lock 3 Stage is Aaron Caruso at 6:30 and Ray Massa’s Eurorhythms at 8:30 plus fireworks at dusk.
This city-sponsored event is free as is parking at city parking decks., 40th Annual Rib, White & Blue Festival July 1st  – July 4th 
on South Main Street in Downtown Akron, Ohio
 
Akron, OH (June 26, 2015) - The City of Akron presents Rib White and Blue, Akron's National Rib Festival, July 1st through the 4th on South Main Street in downtown Akron. Admission is free all 4 days, and gates open at 11am. 
	
This year, twelve rib vendors from 6 states vie for cash prizes and bragging rights in the “Best Of” competition. The masters of the barbeque are coming from Texas, South Carolina, Georgia, Kentucky, Arkansas and Ohio. Vendors include:
	
Texas Pit BBQ: Texas
Sticky Ribs BBQ: Texas
Pig Foot BBQ: Ohio
Carolina Rib King: South Carolina
Big Boned BBQ: South Carolina
Cowboy's BBQ: Texas
Pig Tails BBQ: Ohio
Kentucky Smokehouse BBQ: Kentucky
BBQ Master: Georgia
Porky Chicks BBQ: Arkansas
Jack on the Bone BBQ: Ohio
Texas Smokehouse BBQ: Texas

In addition to barbecue, the festival also features the following other vendors:

The Pierogi Lady (pierogis and sausages)
Hatties Bakery (baked goods)
Judy's Concessions (sausage/steak sandwich, fries cheese, bloomin’ onions)
Quaker Corp Concessions (funnel cake, birch beer)
Gift Concessions (fries, roasted corn, lemonade, ice cream)
Otterbacher Concessions (candy apples, pop corn, cotton candy)
		
 
Music from Lock 3’s Akron General Stage during the 4-day festival features tributes to Led Zeppelin, Bob Seger and Fleetwood Mac; plus The Akron Symphony Orchestra will perform a July 4th pops concert ending with the City of Akron’s official fireworks finale at 9:45 p.m. The music schedule is as follows:

Wednesday July 1 
ZOSO The Ultimate Zed Zeppelin Experience with Joe Vitale Jr.

Thursday July 2
Hollywood Nights, The Ultimate Tribute to Bob Seger with The Juke Hounds

Friday July 3
Fleetwood Mix, A Tribute to Fleetwood Mac with JiMiller Band

Saturday July 4
Akron Symphony Orchestra with Freedom Brass Band and Alex Bevan		
	
There will also be inflatables for children. Rides are available by purchasing tickets at the site.

For complete details visit www.akronribfestival.org. For a complete list of Lock 3 concerts visit www.lock3live.com.  


Notes About The Festival and Concerts

•The Rib, White & Blue Festival is on South Main Street between University and Bowery Streets and this part of Main Street will be closed off to traffic.

•Parking is FREE after 6pm and on weekends at all city owned parking decks and lots plus the Summit County deck on South High Street.

•Handicapped parking is available at the State Street deck, which has an elevator to the Lock 3 level, or at Cascade Plaza, where handicapped parking is available by entering at Mill Street and following the ramp up to Lock 4 (parking level 2, Orange)

•South Main Street will be closed Wednesday night between Exchange and Market for the fireworks show. Traffic should enter downtown via Route 59, Dart Avenue, Bowery or Mill Streets.

Sponsors Make Free Entertainment Possible

Lock 3 entertainment in 2015 is supported by a grant from the John S. and James L Knight Foundation. The stage sponsor is Akron General Health System. 
Rock the Lock concerts on Fridays are sponsored by WONE Radio. 

Other sponsors include Metro PCS, Coca Cola, Hilton Garden Inn of Akron, G. Stephens Construction, Miller Rental, Downtown Akron Partnership, and Miller Light.
 
Editors: For interview opportunities and photos please contact Maria Nagel at 330-441-2493 or marianagel1776@gmail.com., City of Akron, Akron Community Foundation Announce Grants for Neighborhood Programs

	AKRON, Ohio (June 26, 2015) – The City of Akron and Akron Community Foundation have announced $214,680 in grants to help local residents improve their community through the Neighborhood Partnership Program. 
	These grants will go to 54 projects throughout Greater Akron ranging from community picnics and festivals to anti-crime initiatives and beautification projects. The funding targets neighborhoods from North Hill to Kenmore to University Park.
	The Neighborhood Partnership Program is a collaboration between Akron Community Foundation and the City of Akron’s Department of Planning and Urban Development. It funds grassroots, citizen-led initiatives that strive to revitalize and reinvent local neighborhoods. Each year, the community foundation commits $100,000 as well as grant-making assistance to the program, and Akron City Council chooses the recipients from the dozens of applications received. 
“The City’s Planning Department, under the direction of Marco Sommerville, vetted the applications in partnership with Akron Community Foundation based on neighborhood collaboration and the different needs within each distinct area,” said Mayor Jeff Fusco. “The long standing partnership between Akron Community Foundation and the City has strengthened our neighborhoods and fostered success throughout our community.”
	The following are the grants announced for 2015:	

BEAUTIFICATION
Centenary United Methodist Church, for Operation Springboard, a beautification project for inner-city vacant homes and land, $1,000
East Akron Neighborhood Development Corporation, to repurpose a vacant lot as an access trail to Homestead Park, $3,325
Ellet Women's Club, to maintain the hanging flower baskets on Canton Road, and for a community bulletin board on East Market Street, $7,500
The First Tee of Akron, for maintenance of the Mud Run Golf Course and facility, and to provide children with opportunities to golf, $7,500
LINKS Community & Family Services, to beautify the planters along Upson Street, $1,070

COMMUNITY BUILDING
Blessed Trinity Parish, for a fellowship program that offers entertainment, lunch and aging education to senior citizens in North Hill, $5,000
City of Akron PeaceMakers, for an anti-crime and youth civic program that teaches youth about local government, community organizations and law enforcement, $7,500
East Akron Area YMCA, for scholarships to attend the Neighborhood Leadership Institute of Summit County leadership development program, $7,500
Fathers and Sons of Northeast Ohio, for fatherhood education classes in Kenmore that encourage men to play an active role in their children’s lives, $1,000
Heart 4 the City, for a community lunch and food pantry, $2,000
North Hill Community Leaders, for a neighborhood website and signage around the community in several languages, $2,500
Project Ujima, for community programs and services in the Buchtel neighborhood, $5,000
Residents Improving Goodyear Heights Together (RIGHT), for community-building events and a bi-monthly community newsletter, $7,500
Williams Challenge, for the Man2Man Fatherhood Initiative, which helps at-risk men become a positive influence in their children’s lives, $5,000

COMMUNITY GARDENS
City Sprouts, for a youth gardening project in Mason Park for children ages 7-12, $5,000
Edgewood Village Resident Council, to expand and enhance the community gardens in order to provide more fresh, organic produce for residents, $4,000
Let's Grow Akron Inc., to support children’s community gardens in the Summit Lake and Lane Field neighborhoods, and to teach inner-city residents how to prepare healthy meals, $7,500
Neighborhood Network of University Park, for a community garden and gardening seminars, $3,170

FESTIVALS & EVENTS
Akron African-American Cultural Association, for the annual African-American Cultural Festival at Lock 3, which showcases local performers and highlights community resources by offering free health screenings and employment support, $7,000
Akron Community Service Center and the Akron Urban League, for Elegant Evenings, a dinner-dance for senior citizens that fosters healthy social interactions between seniors and youth volunteers, $2,000
Canal Park Condominium Owners Association, for a community picnic that builds positive relationships among neighbors in this inner-city development, $750
Caring and Miracles Ministry, for a community outreach parade and festival in West Akron, $2,500
DeBord's 20th Annual Community Halloween Party, for a family-friendly community Halloween party in Kenmore, $3,000
East Akron Unity Inc., for Jam Fest, a free community music festival that promotes unity, wellness and pride among residents, $2,000
East Akron Unity Inc., for a Labor Day festival, $2,500
Firestone Park Citizens Council, for the Firestone Park summer celebration and parade, $1,000
Greater Akron Lao Association, for two Laotian community events in South Akron that foster cultural pride, $1,000
Greater Bethel Community Development Center, for a community jubilee celebration in East Akron that promotes unity among neighbors and builds awareness of local health and education resources, $6,000
Greater Bethel Community Development Center, for a community celebration honoring community activists, $6,000
Heart to Heart Family Support Center, for the National Night Out Against Crime event in the Rosemary/Arlington neighborhood of East Akron, $2,000
Hereford/Highland Block Watch, for a newsletter and community-building events in the Highland Square neighborhood, $4,000
Highland Square Neighborhood Association, for the 2015 Porch Rokr Festival, a one-day music and arts festival that showcases local musicians and builds relationships among neighbors in Highland Square, $7,500
Joanna House, for a Founder's Day celebration in South Akron, $1,500
Kenmore Board of Trade, for community, holiday and seasonal events, $5,000
Kenmore Community Council Inc., for the 24th Annual Kenmore Community Days Festival, $5,000
Mountain of the Lord Fellowship, for the National Night Out Against Crime event in West Akron, $2,000
North Hill Community House, for the National Night Out Against Crime event in North Hill, $2,000
PathFinders, for the Community Awareness Summer Faire, which provides residents with educational, career and health information, $1,000
The Salvation Army, for a neighborhood block party in West Hill, $3,000
West Akron Community Organization, for the West Akron Community Day Parade and Festival, $3,000

YOUTH
Case Elementary School Parent Teacher Association, to provide after-school programs for students in kindergarten through fifth grade, including special needs children, $2,000
Charisma Community Connection, for the Midnight Basketball program, which teaches young males the importance of health, parenting, job readiness, and drug and alcohol abuse prevention, $7,500
College for Kids, to introduce inner-city youth in fourth through sixth grades to career curriculum and professionals from diverse fields, $6,000
First Grace United Church of Christ, for a youth reading program, $3,500
He Brought Us Out Ministry, for the Building Blocks Enrichment Program, which provides after-school and summer activities focusing on education, character and leadership development, $7,500
Koinonia Education and Family Resource Center, for two six-week reading skills sessions for third-graders, $3,000
LINKS Community & Family Services, for the Boys & Girls Afterschool Academy, which provides tutoring and family support services to at-risk students at Robinson, Mason and Leggett community learning centers, $2,000
Perfecting Saints Heart to Heart Ministries, for the Akron City Youth Council, which will plan, develop and implement two positive citywide events, $2,000
Project GRAD Akron, to support the 2015 Expo for Success academic enrichment program, which strengthens connections between home and school, $6,750
South Street Ministries Inc., for an education and recreation program for Summit Lake youth that includes tutoring, gardening and bike-riding, $6,000
University Park YMCA, for a teen leadership program for students in grades 6-12, and for “Make a Splash,” a water safety program for minority youth, $8,000
Woodland United Methodist Church, for the iStrive Outreach Project, which provides after-school tutoring and enrichment activities for underserved youth in the Zahn Drive neighborhood, $6,440
ZM Family and Life Services Center, for The Tutoring Project, which provides academic support for North Akron students in kindergarten through 12th grade, $1,175

About Akron Community Foundation
Celebrating 60 years of building community philanthropy, Akron Community Foundation embraces and enhances the work of charitable people who make a permanent commitment to the good of the community. In 1955, a $1 million bequest from the estate of Edwin Shaw established the community foundation. Today, it is a philanthropic endowment of more than $191 million with a growing family of nearly 500 funds established by charitable people and organizations from all walks of life. The community foundation and its funds welcome gifts of all kinds, including cash, bequests, stock, real estate, life insurance and retirement assets, just to name a few. To date, the community foundation’s funds have awarded more than $124 million in grants to qualified nonprofit organizations. For more information about Akron Community Foundation or to learn more about creating your own charitable fund, call 330-376-8522 or visit www.akroncf.org.
-30-, Akron Celebrates 42nd year of Free Summer Dance Performances

The 9th Annual Heinz Poll Dance Festival

Sunday Symphonies with Akron Symphony Orchestra top-off weekend arts experience

	Akron, Ohio (June 26, 2015) - Residents of the City of Akron will enjoy professional dance performances and orchestra concerts in city parks at no charge again this year thanks to support from the City of Akron and local foundations. 

	The 2015 Heinz Poll Summer Dance Festival is the 9th season that the City of Akron has sponsored free-admission high quality professional dance performances. This summer the festival features the nationally-known Philadanco! company of Philadelphia, now in its 45th year of performing and preserving predominantly African-American traditions in dance.

	“There isn’t another community in the United States that has the tradition that Akron has established in presenting dance,” said Mayor Jeff Fusco. “To sustain something this important for 42 years makes a statement about Akron’s appreciation for the performing arts.” 

	In 2014, the festival attracted over 10,000 people from Summit, Portage, Medina, Wayne and Stark counties. The festival’s partnership with the University of Akron will also continue, which includes master classes by the visiting companies during the festival. The UA Dance Institute presents interactive programs for children each performance night.

	New in 2015 is a shift in scheduling - for the first time, Hardesty Park’s annual Akron Arts Expo will not feature dance during its long weekend of arts activities. “Arts Expo has grown to the point where it is no longer practical to include the ballet on the same weekend,” said Festival Director Jane Startzman. “We will perform at Hardesty on a later weekend when both events can enjoy the full use of the park.”

	The dance programs will be presented July 24 – August 15, at 8:45pm on Friday and Saturday evenings, with the children’s program starting at 7:45pm each night. The dates, the companies, and the locations:

July 24, 25   	Neos  Dance Theatre at Firestone Park. The regional company will revive Chichester Psalms, by Hernando Cortez, and feature Artistic Director Bobby Wesner’s Searching for the Find, as well as Penny Saunders’ Berceuse. Neos will premiere a
new work by Joseph Morrissey.

July 31, Aug 1 GroundWorks DanceTheater  at Glendale Cemetery. The Akron-Cleveland company will premiere a new piece of choreography by Eric Handman of the University of Utah. Also featured will be Artistic Director David Shimotakahara’s blues tribute Boom Boom and Rosie Herrera’s House Broken.

August 7, 8	Verb Ballet  at Hardesty Park. The Cleveland-based company with many Akron dancers will perform new works by Daniel Precup, Royce Zachary and Laura Edson. A contemporary ballet Similar by Anthony Krutzkamp  ill be on the bill, as well as a classical duet Spring Waters by Asaf Messerer. 

August 14-15	Philadanco! at Goodyear Metro Park will perform the ballet Latched by Christopher Huggins and Ray Mercer’s Guess Who’s Coming to Dinner.	

	
BACKGROUND

	On a summer’s day in 1974, Heinz Poll, the Artistic Director of what was then called the Chamber Ballet, gathered his dancers and crew at Cascade Plaza in Downtown Akron, and had them build a stage with donated lumber. Hundreds of people showed up for the free performance that night 41 years ago. 

	In 2014, over 10,000 people attended the free performances in Akron parks.

	In 2006, Ohio Ballet was forced to close due to financial reasons. Mayor Don Plusquellic asked then-Deputy Mayor Dave Lieberth to convene a group of Poll’s former dancers, many of whom had become leaders of dance companies in the region, to find a way to continue the tradition. 

	In 2007, the Heinz Poll Summer Dance Festival debuted with the support of Akron area charitable foundations to honor the legacy of the founding artistic director of Ohio Ballet.

	In the first eight years of the festival, some 76,000 residents and visitors have enjoyed the dance performances. In 2012, the Martha Graham Dance Company of New York was a guest performer, and in 2014 – the nation’s most important interpreter of Latin culture, Ballet Hispanico.  

Heinz Poll

	The German-born Heinz Poll came to Akron in 1967 and offered classes to promising students. In 1974, with lighting designer Thomas Skelton, he founded Akron’s first professional company, which eventually became Ohio Ballet. Poll died in April, 2006. His works are included in the summer repertoire.

DANCE STAGE TO BE SHARED WITH AKRON SYMPHONY ON SUNDAYS, KNIGHT FUNDS INTERACTIVE CHILDREN’S PROGRAM, THE RHYTHM EXPERIENCE

	The City of Akron, with support from the John S. and James L. Knight Foundation, will extend the use of its weekend dance stage to Sunday nights again this summer for a series of four free admission concerts by the Akron Symphony Orchestra, under the direction of Christopher Wilkins. 

Symphony performance time is 7:30pm.
	July 26                   Firestone Park
	August 2              Glendale Cemetery
	August 9              Hardesty Park
	August 16            Goodyear Park	

	The Akron Symphony and The University of Akron Percussion Program have received additional funding from the John S. and James L. Knight Foundation for The Rhythm Experience, an interactive children’s program that will precede each evening’s concert at 6:00pm.

	Symphony percussionist Matt Dudack, who is also on the faculty of the University of Akron, will lead five student/alumni percussionists in the program of world music. The program builds upon the artistic and cultural universality of percussion to foster dialogue and awareness of other cultures.

	Using materials supplied by the project, children will be able to build their own rudimentary version of the instruments, learn how to play them, and then join with the Akron Symphony during the second half of the concert.

	"Besides creating a professional dance company of national stature and taking it to New York City for five seasons, Heinz Poll created this special summer experience," says Startzman. "Everyone told him that he was crazy, but he was accustomed to accomplishing what others thought impossible."
SPONSORS

	The City of Akron is providing support for the Heinz Poll Summer Dance Festival and the Akron Symphony concerts. The Dance Festival receives support from the Ohio Arts Council, the John S. And James L. Knight Foundation, the GAR Foundation, and the Ohio Ballet Endowment of the Akron Community Foundation. Significant support also comes from Friends of the Festival - individuals who have made contributions in Poll’s memory and in support of continuing the summer tradition.

STAFFING

	Again this year, the Heinz Poll Summer Dance Festival will be produced for the City by two of its co-founders, Dave Lieberth, and the Festival Director Jane Startzman, a former dancer and ballet mistress with Ohio Ballet. Tuesday Musical Association of Akron is the presenter of the festival, and fiscal agent for the dance and symphony performances.

	Jane Startzman joined Heinz Poll’s Ohio Ballet in 1969, during its second year and danced major roles in nearly all of his ballets until her retirement from dance in 1989.  She traveled with the company on tour throughout the United States, South America and Central America.  From 1989 – 1999, Jane was Artistic Administrator/ Company Manager. She has taught for the Dance Institute of The University of Akron.  

	For Dave Lieberth, the Festival is a personal matter. Not only was he the stage announcer for Ohio Ballet’s final performance on August 6, 2006 at Goodyear Metropolitan Park, but in 1968, as a 21 year old junior at the University of Akron, he was a technician, overseeing the audio playback of music for the very first performance of Heinz Poll’s company.

       Lieberth has been a trustee of Cuyahoga Valley Youth Ballet, Groundworks Dance Theater and the Akron Symphony Orchestra. His daughter Kate Lytton – who got her first exposure to dance at a free summer performance by Ohio Ballet at age 5 - had a professional ballet career with companies in Richmond, Memphis, Oakland and the Bay Area; for three years was Dance Program Manager for Google in Mountain View, California; and now teaches in Akron and administers the Reach Out and Dance Program for Ballet Excel Ohio. 

For More Information: 

www.akrondancefestival.org.

Jane Startzman, Director, Heinz Poll Summer Dance Festival, 330.535.3179 janestartzman@gmail.com 

Paul Jarrett, Manager, Akron Symphony, 330.535.8131.

Dave Lieberth, 234.738.0003, david.lieberth@gmail.com

-end-, Larry Graham Concert relocated from Lock 3 to Akron Civic Theatre

Akron, OH Due to the threat of severe weather the Larry Graham concert scheduled for this Saturday night at Lock3 will now be held inside the Akron Civic Theatre. The Civic is located at 182 S. Main Street, next door to Lock 3. Tickets are $10.00 at the door and all seats will be general admission. Seating is limited and tickets will be issued on a first come first serve basis. Doors will open at 6pm and the show will start at 7pm. No outside food or beverage may be brought into the theatre.

Visit  www.lock3live.com for a complete concert and event schedule., Akron Waterways Renewed! going green to improve costs and help our environment., There will be NO day delays with curb service next week. Normal trash/recycle collections will occur on Monday, June 29th thru Friday, July 3rd with no interruptions of curb service., Akron Paint and Varnish, Inc., to Expand and Add Jobs

 Akron, Ohio (June 22, 2015) – Legislation will be presented tonight to Akron City Council that, if passed,  will bring Akron Paint and Varnish, Inc. (APV) one step closer to an expansion of its facilities and addition of full-time manufacturing jobs.  Akron Paint and Varnish currently employs approximately 100 people, and after the expansion, intends to hire another 10 full-time employees in the first year, and a total of 30 to 40 new full-time employees in the first three years.  
 To facilitate the expansion and creation of jobs, the City of Akron proposes to sell to APV approximately 4.5 acres of land and its structure for the purchase price of $25,000/acre.  APV agrees to construct an approximately 32,000 square foot warehouse, renovate an existing 30,000 square foot structure, for warehouse and testing facilities, and add full-time manufacturing jobs. 
 The two parcels being sold to APV are part of the Firestone North Urban Renewal Area Renewal Plan. The City acquired one of the parcels from Bridgestone, when Bridgestone built their new technical center.  The other parcel was part of the former Burger Iron property, which the City had acquired through Sheriff’s Sale. 
 “It has always been the City’s intention to redevelop the corridor along Firestone Parkway,” noted Mayor Jeff Fusco.  “Akron Paint and Varnish, a company that has been in Akron since 1878, now wants to expand on these parcels. This is exactly the type of use we had in mind and we are excited that APV will stay in Akron, continue to expand, and hire our residents.”, Arts & Culture just got better in Akron - New Art Group in Akron!, City of Akron Recognized as 2015 Playful City USA Community
241 Communities Exhibiting Playability to be Recognized as part of 2015 Playful City USA Program

	Akron, Ohio (June 17, 2015) – Akron Mayor Jeff Fusco has announced that the City of Akron is being honored with a 2015 Playful City USA designation for the first time. The national recognition program honors cities and towns across the country for making their cities more playable. 
	The City of Akron and its many community partners have created opportunities for active play in our neighborhoods and during all seasons.  As many of our residents have found out, there are numerous no or low-cost programs, events, and playful venues throughout Akron, such as the new playground equipment at our Elementary Community Learning Centers, tennis courts and ball fields at our community centers, free outdoor summer concerts and ballet performances throughout our City, Fall Hiking Sprees in our Metro Parks, and many other activities sponsored by our Akron Summit County Public Library.  

	Summer at Downtown Akron’s Lock 3 features weekend concerts, Akron's biggest festivals and community events (complete with portable bouncy houses and rock climbing walls), a weekly farmers’ market, and hosts the City of Akron's official 4th of July fireworks display.
	Winter at Lock 3 begins with our the Downtown Holiday Tree Lighting Ceremony, fireworks, Ohio's largest seasonal outdoor ice skating rink, Reindeer Run sledding hill, Polar Putt-Putt, and our historical Archie the Snowman. First Night Akron events include several family fun activities including a life size light bright as one example of creative indoor play.
	“Akron has been mindful to engage in unique and fun projects to make our City playful,” noted Mayor Fusco.  “Through no and low cost interesting and interactive programs, we are trying to appeal to our residents of all ages, and to attract and retain residents.” 
 	“Playability is crucial to the success of our future communities, and we are proud of the work these cities and leaders are doing to provide a better quality of life for all residents, and especially families,” says KaBOOM! President, James Siegal. “Play provides a competitive advantage for cities looking to attract and retain residents. With these esteemed leaders, and our friends and partners across the country, we continue to prioritize play for all kids.”
	To see the full list of the 241 communities named 2015 Playful City USA honorees, or to gather more information on the Playful City USA program, visit www.playfulcityusa.org. We also encourage you to take part in the conversation on #playability with these thought leaders on Twitter and Facebook.  

# # #

About KaBOOM!
KaBOOM! is the national non-profit dedicated to giving all kids – particularly those growing up in poverty in America – the childhood they deserve filled with balanced and active play, so they can thrive. Since 1996, KaBOOM! has collaborated with partners to build, open or improve nearly 16,300 playgrounds, engaged more than one million volunteers and served 8.1 million kids. KaBOOM! creates great places to play, inspires communities to promote and support play, and works to drive the national discussion about the importance of play in fostering healthy and productive lives. To learn why #playmatters: visit kaboom.org or join the conversation at twitter.com/kaboom or facebook.com/kaboom., City of Akron’s Housing Appeals Board Meeting Cancelled
Matters Scheduled for June 16, 2015 Meeting will be Rescheduled

 Akron, Ohio (June 9, 2015) - Due to unforeseen and unavoidable circumstances, the meeting of the Housing Appeals Board of the City of Akron scheduled for June 16, 2015 is CANCELLED.  All matters scheduled for the June meeting will be rescheduled with notice provided in the Board’s normal course of business.
###, Statement of Resignation of Mayor Garry Moneypenny

Akron, Ohio (June 8, 2015) – Upon reflection, I believe that staying on as interim Mayor is not in the best interests of the citizens of Akron.  I believe under the circumstances I would not be able to operate effectively and move the City forward during the next seven months.  Therefore, I am resigning from the office of Mayor effective Midnight, Wednesday, June 10, 2015.
###, Statement of Mayor Garry Moneypenny, Press Release:  Summer Food Service Program, Press Release:  City of Akron Seeking New PeaceMakers
	Akron, Ohio (June 3, 2015) - The Akron PeaceMakers, a youth civic/anti-crime program of the City of Akron Mayor’s Office, is seeking new members.
	“We are looking for teens who want to take an active role in keeping Akron viable and are committed to service,” said Willa Keith, the program’s coordinator.  “Twenty-two members graduated from high school this June and we need to grow and replace them.” 
	In the past year, PeaceMakers have provided over 5,000 hours of service to local organizations and have gain national attention for their “You and the Law” campaign which provides guidelines for teens on interacting with law enforcement. 
	Teens residing in the Greater Akron area and who will be entering 9th through 12th this fall are eligible to apply.   Two orientations are offered on July 21-24 or August 4-7. The deadline for applications is July 20.
	Application forms are available online at www.AkronPeaceMakers.org. 
For more information, call Willa Keith at 330-375-2712 or Billy Soule at 330-375-2660 or send email to PeaceMakers@akronohio.gov.
###, Press Release:  Akron Water Department is Going Green
City’s Annual Water Quality Consumer Confidence Report Available Online

	Akron, Ohio (June 3, 2015) - The Akron Water department is going green.  The City’s Annual Water Quality Consumer Confidence Report (CCR) is now available online at www.akronohio.gov/water/ccr.  The 2014 CCR contains information about the source and quality of Akron’s drinking water. A paper copy is still available upon request by calling: (330) 375-2748. Previous annual reports are available at www.akronohio.gov/water., Mayor Moneypenny spends his first day talking with 20 executives ensuring them that the City is here to help them find and keep employees.  Mayor Moneypenny wanted to hear suggestions on what is needed to entice people to come to Akron, and what is needed to keep our young people here too., Come witness the historical moment when Garry Moneypenny becomes Akron's 60th Mayor. Everyone is welcome. Sunday, May 31, 2015. Doors open at 3:15, Oath of Office ceremony at 4:00PM., It's here!Lock 3 Schedule!, Akron PeaceMakers Youth Peace Walk

 Akron, Ohio (May 19, 2015) - The City of Akron PeaceMakers, Mayor Plusquellic’s youth civic/anti-crime program dedicated to promoting peace and anti-violence in Akron, will hold its 5th Annual Youth Peace Walk on Memorial Day, May 25th, at Lock 3 in downtown Akron. The public is invited to participate.  

 The cost is $5.00 per person. Registration is at 11am. The walk is from 11:30 to 1:00 pm. 

 Proceeds benefit local veterans and the Akron PeaceMakers anti-violence initiatives.  For more information call (330) 375-2772 or visit the website at: AkronPeacemakers.org., Press Release:  On Monday, May 25, 2015, there will be no curb service in observance of Memorial Day. There will be a one day delay of trash/recycle for the remainder of the week, with curb service resuming on Tuesday, May 26th and continuing through Saturday, May 30th., My Brother’s Keeper Basketball Plus
Sign-Up Now!

 Akron, Ohio (May 20, 2015) - Last year, Mayor Plusquellic committed to participating in President Obama’s My Brother’s Keeper (MBK) Communities Challenges.  MBK Community Challenges requires participating cities to execute a plan of action with community input, in order to provide expanded opportunities for Akron’s young men of color.  Opportunities that teach team-building, provide social services, motivate through mentoring and coaching, and that also link young men to a network of local resources so that they can succeed in school and in life.
 In accordance with MBK’s mission, the City of Akron has created the My Brother’s Keeper Basketball Plus Program.  MBK Basketball Plus is a free summer program that will provide young men with are recreational, informational, and skill building activities.  
 “The committee that recommended this basketball program wanted to provide something extra this summer for our young men that is interesting to them, that keeps them physically active, that allows for spirited competition, and that will help build lifelong skills,” noted Mayor Don Plusquellic.  “This is a way to providing young men with social services, role models, and mentors, in a fun, safe, and sports-oriented environment.”   
 MBK Basketball Plus will enroll at NO COST to the participants (enrollment available to the first 100 kids and first 100 adults.)  The MBK Basketball season starts June 8th, and runs through July 16th.  Adult games (ages 18-30) will be played on Mondays and Wednesdays starting at 6:00 pm. Young Adults (ages 13-17) games will be played Tuesdays and Thursdays starting at 6:00 pm.   All games will be played at Mason Park community Center, 700 E. Exchange Street, Akron.
 Registration will be held at all of the City of Akron Recreation Department’s Community Centers. Last day for sign-ups is May 29th, 2015.  For more information please contact Audley McGill at 330-375-2821 or Pat Littlejohn at 330-375-2826.
###, Press Release:
Akron Beacon Journal’s Commemorative Section Not Authorized by Mayor Plusquellic

 Akron, Ohio (May 19, 2015) - It has come to Mayor Don Plusquellic’s attention that the Akron Beacon Journal has been contacting businesses to solicit ads for a commemorative Section on May 31, 2015 featuring the Mayor.  For purposes of full disclosure and transparency, the Mayor feels it is important for the business community to know that he has not authorized, and in fact, was not asked about this special issue.  The Mayor appreciates all of the letters of support he has already received, and if businesses wish to donate, he would prefer a donation be made to the Akron Community Foundation, 345 West Cedar Street, Akron, Ohio 44307, or the Donald L. Plusquellic Scholarship Fund c/o Terry Albanese, 2530 Cedar Creek Lane, Akron, Ohio 44312, so that the Akron community benefits from these donations. 
 It is worth noting, that Community Leaders have already reached out to the Mayor about having an appreciation dinner later in the year. 
###, We need your help!  Have you seen trucks dumping grease into our sewers?  Please let us know!, Please check out our Akron Waterways Renewed Facebook page!  Like us!, Coming this summer...Shivering Timbers!, Akron Better Block Event details..., Akron Rubber Ducks play at home all weekend!, "APD Ahead of the Curve?"  You bet, especially when it comes to Community and Police Relations., The Summit of Sustainability Awards applications are available.  Does your company do enough to win?  Find out!, Akron ranks 15th "most affordable" city in the United States, according to Forbes., Mayor Plusquellic has fun discussing important regional issues with Representative Marcia L. Fudge, http://www.akronohio.gov/cms/news/653581b714a8086e/index.html, Mayor Plusquellic accepts last check totaling $26,000 from the Japanese Association of Northeast Ohio (JANO) for the planting of Cherry Trees!   (with City arborist Bill Hahn and Dr. Fukuo Hashimoto, President of JANO, and Senior Scientist, Process Technology with The Timken Company), More diverse group to review Officer shootings.  Check out press release here:, Open streets Akron.... Coming soon!, There are plenty of things to do in downtown Akron!, Congratulations to Akron's Fire Department for this prestigious award!  You certainly earned it, and we thank you for your hard work., All American Baseball Parade will be held on Saturday, May 9, 2015!, King James Shooting Stars Classic Basketball Tournament is HERE this weekend!  Check it out., Environmental Festival, Blue Herons, and Science Madness!  What more could you ask for?  It's a family affair and its free!, Monday concerts in the park...., Tuesday concerts are starting!, City leaders working the trade show in Hannover., Thank you Lippman School for the gorgeous thoughtful gift of 50 trees!, Want to be more environmentally friendly?  Come to the Green at Lock 3!, Here it is folks!  Lock 3's summer schedule!, City of Akron Green Fair!!!, Chief Nice shares some stats!, Blue Heron Homecoming!  Volunteer, participate, and have some family fun!!!, Congratulations to Akron's first woman Law Director, Cheri Cunningham, on her retirement from the City of Akron!, Scam Alert... Please be aware and careful!, Press Release: 2011 and 2013 campaign finance reports have been reviewed by outside counsel and the results are here., Seven New Akron Police Officers took the Oath of Office today!  Congratulations!, We got ourselves TWO NEW DEPUTY POLICE CHIEFS!  Congratulations Deputy Chief Ball and Deputy Chief Calvaruso!, Akron's North Hill getting a lift with Pop-ups!, This Friday at 1:00 PM in the Ocasek Atrium, 161 S. High Street,  Mayor Plusquellic will swear in seven police officers. Also at that time, two Police Captains will be promoted to Deputy Police Chiefs., Press Release: Call for Talent - Gospel Sundays, Press Release: The Bit Factory Launches!, Press Release: Public meeting on roadway improvements., Watch as Mayor Plusquellic makes promotions in the  Akron Fire Department!, Yes we did!  Fire Promotions, that is. It was a great first step!!, Mayor Plusquellic administers the oath of office to one new Deputy Fire Chief and 10 new District Fire Chiefs. First permanent promotions in Akron's Fire Department in nearly 12 years. Congrats to all!!, Mayor addressing the crowd at the State of the City.  Sold out crowd, as usual., We won the second round in this battle to safeguard our right to hire residents for local projects, at least for now., Congratulations to Patricia Ambrose Rubright, Akron's new Law Director, starting April 1, 2015., Thank you Acting Lt.  Schueller  for your dedication to the people of Akron. You are a great role model and we wish you the best in retirement., St. Patrick's Day parade today!  Step off at noon. Join the fun!, We are training our residents and they will have lifelong skills to get good jobs!, Mayor Plusquellic poised to promote up to 10 Fire District Chiefs.  Meeting to occur on Monday with Union, when all candidates are available., The Agreement that Judge Adam's rejected would have allowed for over 100 fire fighters to be immediately promoted.  Now, Mayor Plusquellic is limited to promoting up to 10 District Chiefs, which he will do as soon as possible, hopefully Monday!, At the Torchbearers Akron Anniversary last night., Mayor Plusquellic authorizes promotions of up to 10 fire District Chiefs. Expected to happen on Monday, but Mayor was prepared today to make promotions., City Personnel Director and Assistant Director of Law, Patricia Ambrose Rubright's Statement Regarding the Federal Court Fire Fighter Decision., Yes, pre-apprenticeship training graduation is today!  Congrats to Akron's first class., Our pothole patching work was hampered by Tuesday's rain, however we patched 1,049 potholes in addition to addressing ice and drainage issues. We are continuing our 24 hour pothole patching efforts., Did you know the best way to get your pothole fixed is to notify the Mayor’s Action Center?  Go to http://online.akronohio.gov/MayorsAR/ or call 330-375-2311 or 311 to get the pothole on OUR list for patching!, City crews patched approximately 2,051 potholes on Monday 3/9/2015 splitting time between snow and ice control CSRs, Potholes and other required work., That's only the tip of the iceberg, so to speak. 3-4 other crews were out doing the same on our other streets! Crews working around the clock to fill those potholes!!!, Today, in a span of around 5 hours, our afternoon crews filled 35 potholes on Kenmore Boulevard;
22 potholes on West Market and Hawkins Avenue;
13 potholes on Canton Road;
1 pothole on Armore Avenue and Everett Avenue., Good Luck to Ken Babby in his new venture and expansion of teams!  We are proud of our Akronite and his success!, Around 15 Akron PeaceMakers, accompanied by Billy Soule and Willa Keith, travelled by bus to Chicago to pick up their National Award from the American Society for Public Administration!  Congratulations Akron PeaceMakers!, Looking for something to do?  Want to learn more about Akrons' neighborhoods?  This month's walking tour is all about Wallhaven.  Check it out!, Snow and Ice Update: 
The parking ban has been lifted as the residential plow operation has been completed.  Crews are currently working in the primary and secondary routes due to the wet conditions from all of the melting snow and temperatures near freezing. Once their work in the primary and secondary routes is complete, they will return to the residential streets and begin providing service to the Customer Service Requests to the Mayor’s Action Center (http://online.akronohio.gov/MayorsAR/ or 330-375-2311)., Akron's snow parking ban has been lifted., Traffic alert., Frozen underground house lines a problem for Akron Water Customers

 Akron, Ohio (March 3, 2015) - Due to the recent record setting subzero temperatures and snowfall, the Akron Water Department has been responding to a historic number of customers experiencing frozen meters and frozen underground house lines.    We are suggesting that customers that have experienced any freezing at any time in the past, to run “a pencil stream” of water, at all times, around the clock, from the faucet closest to your water meter (usually a sink in the basement), to alleviate repeat freezing or even initial freezing from occurring.   
 With warming temperatures predicted beginning this weekend, it is anticipated that frozen lines will begin to thaw on their own, possibly this week and into the weekend.    
 If you are experiencing problems with your waterline and/or meter, call 330-375-2420.
###, We will be the exclusive platform for high-tech Israeli companies looking to land in the United States.  Five companies and three Israeli Institutions to sign on to start!, Akron will be Exclusive US Partner to Monumental Israeli Project, Akron PeaceMakers Win National Award, About snow and ice removal in the City of Akron-

The City of Akron has three basic roadway classifications for our snow and ice control operations: Primary Routes (1,100 centerline miles), Secondary Routes (370 centerline miles) and Residential Routes (160 centerline miles).

Primary Routes include interstates, expressways, arterial streets, heavily traveled collector streets, Metro bus routes, hospitals, schools and severe hills. 

Secondary Routes include collector streets, heavily traveled residential streets, brick and dead end streets that slope toward the dead end. 

Residential Routes include all public streets not on a Primary or Secondary route.
 
In any snow and ice event, our efforts are focused on the Primary Routes first. Once these are complete, we then focus on the Secondary Routes. We begin servicing the Residential Routes after both the Primary and Secondary routes are complete. 

If weather conditions require, we will shift back to the Primary Routes and begin the process over again. 

For snowfalls less than five inches, we service the Residential Routes by service requests to the Mayor’s Action Center (330-375-2311 or http://online.akronohio.gov/MayorsAR/). 

For snowfalls of five inches or greater, we will issue a parking ban and service all of the residential streets with a call for a Residential Plow operation. This includes clearing the drive aprons for residents that are part of our trash and recycling assistance program., City Snow Emergency Parking Ban TODAY, SUNDAY, March 1, 2015
 
          Akron, Ohio (March 1, 2015) –  The City of Akron has issued a Snow Emergency Parking Ban for ALL CITY STREETS effective immediately TODAY, Sunday, March 1, 2015.  The ban is in effect until further notice.   Snow parking bans are issued for the purpose of the public’s safety and the efficiency of snow clearing efforts on city streets.
     Snow parking bans are issued for the purpose of the public’s safety and the efficiency of snow clearing efforts on city streets.  A Snow Emergency Parking Ban means the City has the power to tow cars parked on city streets if they impede the progress of snow clearing operations. All cars should be removed from parking spots on city streets regardless of whether city crews are still plowing main roads or have moved to the residential side streets. Cars not moved may be towed by the City.
           As always, drive carefully., City Hall goes Red for the American Heart Association!, Won the battle... the State's war against local home rule rages on., Come to the Town Hall Discussion to discuss how the State is trying to prevent the City from hiring Akron residents for work on the sewer project.  It's our money and we want to continue training our residents to work on our sewer project., The State is trying to usurp our right to hire Akron residents for the big sewer project - we are going to Columbus to tell our story., All residential streets have been plowed and Akron's parking ban is lifted., The Big Dig!  2/27/15, Details about the State of the City. Click on link under "Additional Resources", City Snow Emergency Parking Ban TODAY, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 2015
 
          Akron, Ohio (February 22, 2015) –  The City of Akron has issued a Snow Emergency Parking Ban for ALL CITY STREETS effective at 1:00 p.m. TODAY, Sunday, February 22, 2015.  The ban is in effect until further notice.   Snow parking bans are issued for the purpose of the public’s safety and the efficiency of snow clearing efforts on city streets. 

           Snow parking bans are issued for the purpose of the public’s safety and the efficiency of snow clearing efforts on city streets.  A Snow Emergency Parking Ban means the City has the power to tow cars parked on city streets if they impede the progress of snow clearing operations. All cars should be removed from parking spots on city streets regardless of whether city crews are still plowing main roads or have moved to the residential side streets. Cars not moved may be towed by the City.

           As always, drive carefully., Be careful today. Summit County Sheriff has issued a snow emergency. Travel only if necessary!, Please help spread the word:

Due to inclement weather, All City of Akron LBJ Youth Basketball games at Mason Park Community Center are canceled for today, Saturday February 21st., An Akron Waterways Renewed Project. The Merriman Road Project. Greener and leaner., Akron Law Director Cheri Cunningham retiring April 1., Learn about Better Block Akron at this event..., The City of Akron has issued a job bulletin for the position of Golf Course Laborer. This bulletin may be viewed on our website  at http://agency.governmentjobs.com/akron/default.cfm
You can apply online through our website or through www.governmentjobs.com., Mayor Plusquellic to form construction company so more locals are hired for huge sewer project., Due to the extreme temperatures, Lock 3 will be closed today.  Please stay inside and safe., Plain Dealer's Brent Larkin sits down with Mayor Plusquellic....., Normal curb service will occur on President’s Day observance next week. There will be no day delays with trash/recycle collection all next week., Akron PeaceMakers, Akron Police Department, and Akron Public Schools Collaborate on Informational Campaign., PRESS RELEASE
 
 
Update:  Boil Water Advisory Lifted for
Akron Water Customers in portions of the City of Hudson and Twinsburg Township
 
Akron, OH (February 7, 2015) – The City of Akron’s boil water advisory for Akron Water customers in portions of the City of Hudson and Twinsburg Township has been lifted.  Water testing completed over the past 24 hours has confirmed the drinking water is safe.  Customers are no longer required to boil their drinking water.
Questions should be directed to Akron Water Distribution Dispatch at (330) 375-2420.  
###

Sent from my iPad, Judge Adams' owes Akron's residents better, as duly noted by the ABJ editorial board., Construction Workforce Pre-Apprenticeship Program 
Orientation & Kickoff Ceremony

An Akron Waterways Renewed Undertaking

Akron, Ohio (February 6, 2015) – The largest construction project in the history of Akron will continue to provide jobs for Akron residents as the City begins its Construction Workforce Pre-Apprenticeship Program this Monday. After several outreach events, the selection process for this first class was completed in mid-January.  This City is proud to announce that the first class will consist of fifty-two participants, all Akron residents, who were chosen by a committee based on a set selection criteria and an interview process.  

In conjunction with local Trade Unions (Operative Plasterers’ and Cement Masons’ International Local 109, International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local 306, Laborers’ International Union of North America Local 894, International Union of Operating Engineers Local 18, Plumbers & Pipefitters Local 219, United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America Local 285, and the Teamsters Local 348) and the Akron Summit Community Action, Inc., these students will complete a 5-week program designed to train and upgrade their skills for potential entrance into a local construction trade apprenticeship program. 

Training will include an Introduction to Trade Requirements and Union Memberships, OSHA-10 certification, and other introductory courses in the areas of hand and power tools, materials handling, and other skills training. Soft skills training will include problem solving, communications, fitness, nutrition, mental toughness, and more.

The program kickoff Orientation Ceremony will take place on Monday, February 9, 2015 at 4:00pm at the Akron Summit County Public Library in the auditorium.
 
“One of our goals is to train our residents so they have the necessary skills to work on our sewer projects.  Our residents will be learning lifelong skills that they can use even beyond our sewer project,” said Mayor Don Plusquellic.  “Our goal is to get our residents the training they need so that they can get jobs that pay well and become careers.”
###, The precautionary boil alert that was recently reported will continue for a minimum of 24 hours, not 48 as originally reported., Akron Precautionary Boil Water Advisory

Akron Water Customers in Portions of the City of Hudson and Portions of Twinsburg Township 

 Akron, Ohio (February 6, 2015) - At approximately 9:45 AM this morning during the emergency repair of a 24” force main, an unexpected loss of water supply occurred in portions of the City of Hudson and portions of Twinsburg Township. The water supply has since been corrected and service has been restored.  
 As a precaution, and in accordance with EPA regulations, those customers who experienced the loss of water supply have been placed on a precautionary boil water advisory.  Those customers include most Akron water customers who reside in the City of Hudson and Twinsburg Township.  
 The advisory does not include and is not necessary for those customers in Hudson who reside on the following streets: Corporate Drive, Hudson Drive, Sapphire Drive, Norton Road, Weston Drive, Longfellow Lane, Deacon Court, Hemingway Court, Alsace Court, Westchester Court, Duffield Drive, Bristol Court, Brooklands Drive, Brafferton Avenue, Humelsine Drive, Cottager Drive, Young Road, Georgetown Road and the Trails of Hudson housing community.  Also excluded are only customers residing on Darrow Road south of Terex Road.
To ensure customers’ safety, please boil your drinking water for a minimum of two minutes.  This alert will continue for a minimum of 24 hours, and will only expire upon further notice.  
Questions should be directed to Akron Water Distribution Dispatch at 330-375-2420.  
###, PRESS RELEASE

Court Monitor Again Approves the Arbitration Settlement Process in the Firefighter Case

Akron, Ohio (February 4, 2015) - This evening, the Court Monitor  in the Howe v. City of Akron case reaffirmed his approval of the Arbitration Settlement Agreement.  This decision will permit the City to make promotions of firefighters based on "time in service" seniority and certification(training), while the promotion-by-examination process winds its way through the courts. 

"I am extremely appreciative that the monitor recognizes how important making a quick decision is to the safety of our firefighters and our citizens, and that he did not take the entire 14 days allotted to him by Judge Adams in which to make his decision," noted Firefighters Local 330 Union President Russ Brode. 

"Being able to fill the management level positions is extremely vital to the efficiency of the fire department. We have been without permanent promotions for far too long and I am glad that at least the monitor can see the need for expediency in the process," said Mayor Don Plusquellic. 

The Court Monitor's decision now goes back to Judge Adams for his consideration and approval. 

###, Craft Project for the Community!  Join the Peacemakers and make Valentine's Day extra special for someone!, The City of Akron's parking ban has been lifted. Thank you for your thoughtful consideration during our road plowing., Mayor presenting a proclamation to Rotary Club of Akron., Mayor Plusquellic asks Judge Adams to step down from hearing City cases., Annual Art Show Accepting Artist Applications

	Akron, Ohio (February 2, 2015) - The Akron Arts Expo is now accepting applications for the 36th annual event being held July 25 – 26, 2015 at Hardesty Park (1615 West Market Street).  Over 160 artists will be juried into the show from the following categories: 2-dimensional art, 3-dimensional art, functional craft and ornamental craft.  Artists must apply online at www.AkronArtsExpo.org.  The deadline to apply is March 31, 2015., Take a walking tour...you won't regret it!, News release from Akron Municipal Court: Due to inclement weather and for the safety of the citizens we serve, the Akron Municipal Traffic Court and Small Claims Court will be closed tomorrow, Monday, February 2, 2015.

Arraignment Court Proceedings will go forward as scheduled.  

Please advise individuals to contact the Akron Municipal Court at 375-2120  with questions about the schedule., PRESS RELEASE
 
 
City of Akron 166 S. High Street Akron, Ohio 44308 
(330)-375-2345 Fax:(330)- 375-2468
Web: www.akronohio.gov
 
For Immediate Release
Contact:   Stephanie York, Director of Communications, syork@akronohio.gov or 330-375-2345
 
City Issues Snow Emergency Parking Ban
Ban starts at 1:00 p.m. SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 2015 and Lasts Until Further Notice
 
Akron, Ohio (February 1, 2015) - The City of Akron has issued a Snow Emergency Parking Ban for ALL CITY STREETS effective at 1:00 p.m. on Sunday, February 1, 2015.  The ban is in effect until further notice.   Snow parking bans are issued for the purpose of the public’s safety and the efficiency of snow clearing efforts on city streets.
A Snow Emergency Parking Ban means the City has the power to tow cars parked on city streets if they impede the progress of snow clearing operations. All cars should be removed from parking spots on city streets regardless of whether city crews are still plowing main roads or have moved to the residential side streets. Cars not moved may be towed by the City.
###, Congratulations to Chief Ross. What a legacy., City Anticipates Snow Emergency Parking Ban on SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 2015 
Parking During Super Bowl Sunday Recommendation

  Akron, Ohio (January 30, 2015) – The latest forecasts are calling for snowy accumulations that would warrant issuing a snow emergency parking ban this on Sunday and continuing through Monday.  
 This release is being put out solely to warn our residents of the impending storm, and advise them, before Super Bowl Sunday of the high potential of a parking ban – as this is a day where people tend to have gatherings and park on city streets, or leave town with their cars already parked in the street.  In order to avoid potential ticketing or towing, please make alternate parking arrangements in the event there is a snow storm on Sunday.
  Snow parking bans are issued for the purpose of the public’s safety and the efficiency of snow clearing efforts on city streets.  A Snow Emergency Parking Ban means the City has the power to tow cars parked on city streets if they impede the progress of snow clearing operations. All cars should be removed from parking spots on city streets regardless of whether city crews are still plowing main roads or have moved to the residential side streets. Cars not moved may be towed by the City.
 Please keep this in mind when parking on the streets this weekend, and as always, drive carefully.
###, Emergency Water Main Repair
 Akron, Ohio, (January 30, 2015) - The City of Akron, Drinking Water Supply Bureau is performing an emergency maintenance repair on a 24” force main which primarily serves Akron water customers who reside in the City of Hudson.  During the repair, customers in Hudson may notice minor variations to their water pressure.  The work is not expected to cause any interruption in water supply or quality.  
 The repair is extensive and may last multiple days and involves the correcting of a force main leak at State Route 43 and Ravenna Road just north of Kent.  
 The Akron Water Supply Bureau provides approximately 35 million gallons a day of drinking water to customers throughout the City of Akron and many neighboring communities. If you have any additional questions, please call the Akron water distribution dispatch office at (330) 375-2420. 
###, Mayor Filling Vacancies in Fire Department

 Akron, Ohio (January 29, 2015) – For the past 11 years, the Akron Fire Department has been unable to fill supervisory ranks due to the Plaintiffs’ unreasonable demands in the firefighter lawsuit, and Federal Judge Adam’s lack of understanding of the dire situation he has created in the Akron Fire Department.    
 In an effort to keep the Fire Department running properly and to maintain the high level of service Akron’s citizens have come to depend on, Mayor Plusquellic is making a provisional promotion of Akron’s only District Fire Chief, Dennis Stoneman, to Deputy Fire Chief.  Additionally, the Mayor’s idea to bring back a recently retired Akron Deputy Fire Chief to fill the second Deputy Fire Chief position has been accepted by Chief Hiltbrand.  Chief Hiltbrand has officially made that offer and is awaiting the personal decision of the former Deputy Chief.   
 District Fire Chief Stoneman’s promotion will become permanent as soon as the Federal Judge stops delaying decisions in this case.  The Mayor also made the return of the retired Deputy Chief conditioned on the fact that it will only be for the period until the Judge stops delaying and permanent promotions can be made.  To show his good faith, the Mayor has directed the Personnel Department to post the test for the Deputy Chief position as quickly as possible under Civil Service Rules.  However, if the Plaintiffs or the Union objects, the posting will be pulled.
 “There is no question that there is a massive void in the Akron Fire Department’s supervisory ranks because of the unreasonable demands of the Plaintiffs and the irrational delays by the Judge.  The retirement of Chief Ross has pushed the Fire Department’s already emaciated ranks to its limit,” said Mayor Don Plusquellic.  “I am only trying to fill those positions that have been historically filled, and that I am legally allowed to fill, so that the Department can function at the high level our citizens have come to expect.  It’s important to note that I could have gone completely outside the Akron Fire Department for both the Chief position and Deputy Chief positions.  But I recognize we have very competent people, just not enough have been allowed to be promoted. I know this may be an unusual solution, but I needed to once again propose something to try to resolve these issues.  It’s vitally important that the Judge realizes the horrible situation that he has created.  The Akron Fire Department will be down to only one District Chief and no Deputy Chiefs.  We need to go back to following the Charter by giving tests, and he needs to put his personal bias against the City aside.   What is so disturbing is that Judge Adams and the Plaintiffs have prevented the City from using the Charter required Civil Service test for promotions.  Instead, Judge Adams several years ago ordered the City to promote firefighters who did not pass a test over firefighters (white and black) who had passed the test.”
###, Mayor Names New Fire Chief and New Deputy Mayor for Public Safety

Deputy Fire Chief Edward Hiltbrand Promoted to Fire Chief
Fire Chief Robert Ross Appointed to Deputy Mayor for Public Safety

 Akron, Ohio (January 29, 2015) – Today, Akron Mayor Don Plusquellic announced that Deputy Fire Chief Edward Hiltbrand will be promoted to Fire Chief, after serving in Akron’s Fire Department for 29 years, the past nearly 12 years as Deputy Chief.   The Mayor also announced that he is tapping soon-to-be retired Fire Chief Robert Ross to be his Deputy Mayor for Public Safety.  For budgetary reasons this position has not been filled for the past four years. Given the exigent circumstances in the Fire Department, this step is being taken to help fill the leadership void throughout the Department.

“Hiltbrand has the experience, temperament and skills to do this job well,” noted Mayor Plusquellic.  “He will be able to hit the ground running and competently serve the citizens of Akron.  I look forward to working more closely with Hiltbrand in his new role as Chief.”  
“I am honored to be the next Fire Chief for the City of Akron,” said Deputy Chief Hiltbrand.  “I understand the great responsibilities of a Fire Chief and I am looking forward to this new challenge.  I have to admit though, that I am also relieved that Chief Ross is continuing in some capacity with the City of Akron.  He is an invaluable resource and mentor.”

 Although these moves are necessitated by Chief Ross’ retirement, the tumultuous and lengthy firefighter litigation has also played a role by preventing supervisory positions in the Akron Fire Department from being filled.  Due to the Plaintiffs’ unreasonable demands in the firefighter lawsuit, and Federal Judge Adam’s lack of understanding of the dire situation he has left Akron’s Fire Department in for the past 11 years, Akron’s Fire Department has a massive void in its supervisory ranks.  The upcoming retirement of Chief Ross has pushed the Fire Department’s already emaciated ranks to its limit.  

 “Chief Ross has given the City of Akron Fire Department over 33 years of dedicated service and has earned his right to retire.  But, with the huge vacuum created in the supervisory ranks of the AFD, Ross’ institutional knowledge and mastery of the issues facing the Fire Department are still needed,” said Mayor Don Plusquellic.   “Chief Ross will still be available for guidance, and he will continue to be the City’s representative in the Summit County Emergency Management Agency’s (EMA) Domestic Preparedness Steering Committee, the Summit County EMA Executive Committee, and the Summit-Akron Radio System Committee.  This will permit Hiltbrand to be able to spend more time directly on the tough issues in the Fire Department.  However, with Hiltbrand moving up, the supervisory positions are left in an even more stressed state.  These vacancies are putting the safety of our firefighters and our citizens in jeopardy and, at this point, I blame both the Plaintiffs and Judge Adams.”   

 “I am honored to be able to keep serving the citizens of Akron as Akron’s Deputy Mayor for Public Safety.  Besides the Mayor, there is nobody that wants to see the Fire Department back at full strength more than me, and I believe I can help get us there.  Mayor Plusquellic has tried everything possible to properly get the high ranking supervisory positions in the Fire Department filled,” noted Chief Robert Ross.  “It is not for lack of trying, negotiating, or imagination on the Mayor’s part that these ranks remain vacant.  After proposing every well-recognized method, as used in other cities, to fairly promote (i.e. written tests or seniority), the Mayor has even gone so far as to suggest picking names out of a hat just to fill the positions – and he was not kidding.”

 To keep the Fire Department running properly and to maintain the high level of service Akron’s citizens have come to depend on, Mayor Plusquellic is now considering other creative ways to fill the high ranking supervisory fire personnel positions throughout the Department.  He will be working with the new Chief and the Union President, Russ Brode, to implement these ideas and move the Fire Department forward.
###, null, Akron's snow parking ban has been lifted., Students take the top 3 Awards by focusing on Greenprint for Akron CSO Runoff Issue.  Get the scoop here., Highland Square sees changes --And it just keeps getting better., City Issues Snow Emergency Parking Ban
Ban starts at 4:00 p.m. Today and Lasts Until Further Notice

 January 27, 2015 (Akron, Ohio) - The City of Akron has issued a Snow Emergency Parking Ban for ALL CITY STREETS effective at 4:00 p.m. today, Tuesday, January 27, 2015.  The ban is in effect until further notice.   Snow parking bans are issued for the purpose of the public’s safety and the efficiency of snow clearing efforts on city streets.  Particularly, with weather reports predicting snow and ice on Thursday, City plows are now moving to residential streets for clearing.
 A Snow Emergency Parking Ban means the City has the power to tow cars parked on city residential streets if they impede the progress of snow clearing operations. All cars should be removed from parking spots on city streets regardless of whether city crews are still plowing main roads or have moved to the residential side streets. Cars not moved may be towed by the City., Deadline is today!, Concerned about sewer rates? Don't blame the City, read this...., Reminder, tonight is an informational session regarding the police officer application process.  Friday is the deadline to apply., Get your application in by Friday if you want a chance at becoming a City of Akron Police Officer!, Akron is fighting for lower sewer costs through green solutions. Asks federal court to make EPA treat the Akron as it does other cities in the same predicament., You still have a week to apply!, Annual Firefighter’s Chili Challenge at Lock 3
Benefits Akron Children’s Burn Unit

 Akron, Ohio (January 15, 2015) - The City of Akron is sponsoring its 9th annual Firefighter’s Chili Challenge, on Friday, January 16th, 2014 from 11:00am to 1:30 pm (or until the Chili runs out) at Lock 3 on South Main Street in Downtown Akron.
 Akron firefighters have once again challenged others to see who can concoct the best chili for Downtown employees and visitors.  The famous firehouse chili-makers will square off against other chili cooks, with all proceeds benefitting Akron Children’s Hospital’s Burn Unit.  
 Eight dollars buys chili eaters five servings of chili and a beverage.  Beer, soft drinks, water, and coffee will be available.  Additional chili samples will be available for $1.50.  
 A panel of celebrity judges will decide the best of the bunch, and all entrants will compete for bragging rights with the “Peoples’ Choice” award, voted on by those attending.   Last year the Akron Fire Department won both.  There is a new category this year, as teams will be vying for the “most spirited team award,” the Joe Smith Spirit Award, in honor of Detective Joe Smith that passed away this past year.  Detective Smith was very involved with the chili challenge from its inception.  
 This year’s contestants include the Akron Fire Department, Akron General Medical Center, the Akron RubberDucks, Liberty Mutual Insurance, and Akron’s Office of Engineering Company, ARCADIS.  
 In a new twist, Lock 3 employees will make up a large batch of the People’s Choice winner to sell Jan. 17 at Lock 3. It will vie against chili from Whitey’s Booze N’ Burgers in Richfield. Five dollars will buy two 8-ounce bowls of chili and water, hot chocolate or coffee.
  Free parking is available in the State Street parking deck.  
“End”, Phone & Internet Service May Be Interrupted Today at City of Akron Offices
  
        Akron, Ohio (Wednesday, January 14, 2015) – Due to a problem in an AT&T switching office in Akron, there could be issues with telephone and internet service today, Wednesday, January 14, 2015, at City of Akron Offices located in downtown Akron. This problem could result in difficulty for the public calling those offices and accessing the City’s web services.  Please be patient as AT&T workers are addressing the issue. 
###, Akron's all City parking ban has been lifted. Thank you, Although most service  is up and running, there are still some remaining issues being addressed. In the event your 911 call does not connect, please call 330-620-7275. Thank you, Most, if not all, Cell phone service should be restored.  ATT still working to resolve a few remaining issues., Here's more coverage on the ATT outage., AT&T is experiencing a widespread technical failure which is affecting Akron and surrounding communities. Emergency 911 dispatch is unavailable in some areas. If you have an emergency and your 911 call does NOT connect,  please hang up and call 330-689-5890 from a land line only., If 911 is not working for you, here are Numbers to call if you have an emergency., Cell phone, land line, and 911 lines down in some areas. Power outage at ATT facility in downtown source of issue., Barberton High School is retiring Officer Justin Winebrenner's soccer Jersey number tonight.  Here are the details....., City Issues Snow Emergency Parking Ban
Ban starts at 6:00 p.m. Today and Lasts Until Further Notice

          January 12, 2015 (Akron, Ohio) - The City of Akron has issued a Snow Emergency Parking Ban for ALL CITY STREETS effective at 6:00 p.m. today, Monday, January 12, 2015.  The ban is in effect until further notice.   Snow parking bans are issued for the purpose of the public’s safety and the efficiency of snow clearing efforts on city streets.
            A Snow Emergency Parking Ban means the City has the power to tow cars parked on city streets if they impede the progress of snow clearing operations. All cars should be removed from parking spots on city streets regardless of whether city crews are still plowing main roads or have moved to the residential side streets. Cars not moved may be towed by the City., City finds way to generate income by using idle asset., City of Akron Ice Rink Closed Today

 Akron, Ohio (January 8, 2015) - Due to the inclement weather, Akron’s Lock 3 Ice Rick will not be open today.  Weather permitting; it will reopen tomorrow at 3:00pm.  We encourage people to stay inside and safe., Check out the new Rubber City Race Series!  Bring it!, Firefighters chili challenge!!! Don't miss it!, Have a safe New Year's Eve tonight, and Happy New Year!  Welcome 2015!, Fundraiser on Saturday for fallen Akron Officer Justin Winebrenner., There IS lots to do!, Akron Helps With Extra Holiday Trash., Arlington/Waterloo Intersection Project News Release, Editorial: Regarding a loan that would have potentially provided a free college education for all Akron students, the Mayor did the right thing., Welcome Back Latin American Goodyear!, It was a full house!  We are making a difference in people's lives, by training and employing them., Officials from Qing Dao University of Science and Technology are touring Akron today with City, County, and Chamber officials!  Part of our very successful technology bridge., Prosecutors will seek death penalty against Officer Justin Winebrenner's killer., Press Release:  Akron Police to Test 30 Body-Worn Cameras., Another very worthy Officer Justin Winebrenner fundraiser., Informational Meeting for Workforce Training Coming Monday., Mayor Joins with Other Mayors Pushing for Nationwide Policy Regarding Police/Civilian Shootings  (and more), Great and easy fundraiser for today., A "road diet" for the Akron Innerbelt planned.  Get details here:
http://www.akronohio.gov/cms/news/db13080b46360d2c/index.html, Fundraiser for Officer Winebrenner.  Details here., Control Your Destiny. Apply to take the Akron Police Exam., City of Akron to Give New Police Officer Examination
Intent to Hire Twelve New Officers Initially 

          Akron, Ohio (December 3, 2014) – The City of Akron is now accepting applications for the position of police officer and will continue to do so through January 23, 2015.  The City will give new police exams in the third week of February with the intent to hire approximately 12 new police officers initially.   The eligible list generated from the test is good for 18 months from the date it is established, and historically the City has hired more than one class of officers from an eligibility list.
            Among the qualifications candidates must meet: 
•	21-35 years old (at the time of examination)
•	Accredited high school or GED
•	Physical and medical standards 
•	Valid driver’s license 
Candidates must also pass written tests, physical skills test, medical and psychological tests, background investigation and a polygraph examination.
The City of Akron also awards bonus points for those recruits who meet a residency requirement, have served in the armed forces of the United States and were honorably discharged, and/or completed accredited college course work.
            Compensation for an entry level police officer begins with a training wage then increases   to $50,000 a year, and includes a generous benefits package consisting of comprehensive medical insurance, life insurance at no cost, paid vacation time, sick leave and 14 paid holidays.
“These are tough jobs and they certainly are dangerous at times; but, being a police officer can be an incredibly rewarding career,” said Mayor Plusquellic. “Not only that, but we offer one of the strongest benefits packages in the State, if not the nation.  I highly encourage our residents who meet the qualifications to take the test so that they may have the opportunity to join our highly regarded Police Department and enjoy a meaningful career.”
            For more information, please contact the City of Akron Personnel Department at (330) 375-2720 for details; or toll free: 1-888-588-5417, or go to the City of Akron’s website at www.akronohio.gov/personnel
###, Inside/out Art coming downtown today., Crafty Mart and Lock 3 are open today if you are looking for something fun to do!, Have a peaceful and happy Thanksgiving., Akron Mayor Don Plusquellic and Council President Garry Moneypenny Ask for Review of Campaign Finance Reports, Pursuant to Executive Order #8-2014 – Municipal Offices will be closed on Thursday, November 27, 2014, and Friday, November 28, 2014, in observance of Thanksgiving., null, null, null, null, null, In loving memory...., Summit County Public Health holds open house at their new West Akron location., Details on the City's 27th Holocaust Arts & Writing Contest., Want to learn a new skill?  Interested in working on the big Akron sewer projects?  Come to this information workforce training meeting next week!, How can you help?  Here's one way. Thank you for your selfless service Officer Winebrenner. We will never forget you., City and Union's agreement does not violate Federal Court Order, rules Court Monitor in Howe case., There are no words... Our police department lost a wonderful man and officer last night. Our officers work day and night to keep us safe, please keep them in your thoughts and prayers., City and Union agree on a fire promotion process....now it's up to the federal court monitor., APD is recruiting....do you have what it takes?, Thank you to our veterans and those currently serving in our military. We appreciate you and what you have done for us and our country., Holiday Fest at Lock 3 is PACKED with fun stuff to do!  It's all laid out here for you!, City of Akron receives award! Check this out!, Are you a smart recycler?  Take the quiz!, Mayor Plusquellic was there to witness this event.  He also met with Mr. Gorbechav and the Mayor of Berlin.  Happy 25th Anniversary to the Fall of the Berlin Wall., http://www.akronohio.gov/cms/news/07c419f6e5a20e71/index.html, http://www.akronohio.gov/cms/news/07c419f6e5a20e71/index.html

Mayor and Mr. Gorbachev and Mayor of Berlin, Klaus Wowereit, There will be no day delays of curb service next week on Veterans Day, Tuesday,  November 11th. Normal trash & recycle collection will occur all of next week with no interruption of curb service., Yes, our outstanding Akron Art Museum is FREE on Thursdays!, The City of Akron is proud to be a founder of The Summit of Sustainability Awards.  Congratulations to this years winners!, Have you taken a ride on Akron Metro RTA lately? - All about that bus!, Yes, the store closed for three weeks.  It's up to our community to help it reopen and flourish!, Welcome and Congratulations to our new Akron Police Officers that were given the oath of office today!, The City of Akron is happy to support Coming Attractions Bridal Shop as it reopens tomorrow.  The Mayor will be visiting, talking with the owner and patrons, and encouraging everyone to support this local shop!, The winners of the Soundwall Icon Contest are announced.... Coming in first place?  Akron Marathon runners!, He never left Akron. Always gave back. Welcome home LeBron., Akron Mayor Don Plusquelluc and County Executive Russ Pry teach class with class at the University of Akron!, Congratulations Akron and the Greater Akron Chamber!, Akron Leaf Pick Up Schedule.  Pickup starts in Ward 5 on Monday., His first game back was at Akron's Patterson Park.  Amazing!, Looking forward to new ideas from this group!, Ebola in 1 minute., More art coming our way!!!, We recognize that blimp!, Mayor Proposes Proactive Plan re: Ebola Response, Ebola FAQ (Updated 10/17/14; 1:25pm)

What if I attended the bridal shop Coming Attractions Bridal & Formal? 

If you attended the bridal shop Coming Attractions Bridal & Formal, Inc. (located at on 1220 East Tallmadge Ave) on Saturday October 11, 2014 between the hours of 12-3:30, please call the Summit County Ebola Information line at 330-926-3939 to be put in contact with an investigator.

Should the schools be shut down?

Summit County Public Health does not advocate for the closure of schools or the cancellation of events.  The ill healthcare worker had no known visitation at any public or private grade school, secondary school or higher education institution. 

What if I, or someone I know, was on Frontier Flight 1142 from Dallas to Cleveland on October 10th?

For those who traveled on Frontier flight 1142 from Dallas to Cleveland on October 10th please call the CDC information line at 1-800-CDC-Info for more specific information.
What if I, or someone I know, was on Frontier Flight 1143 Cleveland to Dallas?

For those who traveled on Frontier flight 1143 from Cleveland to Dallas please call the CDC information line at 1-800-CDC-Info for more specific information.

How does someone contract Ebola?

The virus is spread through direct contact (through broken skin or unprotected mucous membranes in, for example, the eyes, nose, or mouth) with the blood or body fluids such as, but not limited to, feces, saliva, urine, vomit, and semen of a person who is sick with Ebola, or with objects like needles that have been contaminated with the virus, or infected animals.

How many Akron hospitals have contamination rooms / negative air flow rooms?

All hospitals have negative air flow rooms for the purpose of containing an infectious patient. All hospitals have been advised to complete an Ebola prep exercise. Hospitals will review infection control policies and procedures and incorporate plans for administrative, environmental, and communication measures, as well as personal protective equipment (PPE) and training and education. Hospitals will also define the individual work practices that will be required to detect the introduction of a patient with Ebola or other emerging infectious diseases, prevent spread, and manage the impact on patients, the hospital, and staff.

What about the water supply?

Ebola is not spread through water.  The ill healthcare worker did not have any known contact with water supply sources.  Please see http://www.scphoh.org/PDFS/PDF_Ebola/water%20release.pdf for more information about the safety of drinking water. 

Is there concern about flushing the toilet?

There is no concern about flushing toilets.  Flushing toilets is a basic hygienic practice that must be maintained.

Is the Cleveland-Hopkins airport safe?

There is no reason to be concerned that the airport is contaminated.  Based on interviews, the ill healthcare worker may not have been contagious at the time of travel.   If the healthcare worker was ill, nearly 48 hours has elapsed and there would no longer be concerns of viable virus on surfaces.

Are planes safe?

Any plane having transported a known infected person will be cleaned to very strict standards.  Anyone flying should always practice good hygiene, covering mouth when sneezing or coughing, wash hands after using toilet facilities. 

How long are surfaces contagious if the sick person touched or sat there?

Ebola is killed with hospital-grade disinfectants (such as household bleach). Ebola on dried on surfaces such as doorknobs and countertops can survive for several hours.
 
For Health Care Professionals

What if I suspect my patient has Ebola?

If a health care professional is concerned that a patient has signs or symptoms and meets the screening criteria for Ebola, the patient should be evaluated at the hospital. Before sending patient to hospital, the health care professional should contact the hospital to notify them that a potential case is coming for evaluation so the emergency department can put in place their policies for patient isolation and personal protective equipment for staff. Do not send the patient to the hospital without first notifying the emergency department or EMS if patient is transported.  

What are the screening criteria for Ebola?

• Assess the patient for a fever (subjective or ≥ 100.4°F / 38.0°C)
• Determine if the patient has symptoms compatible EVD such as headache, weakness, muscle pain, vomiting, diarrhea, abdominal pain or hemorrhage
• Assess if the patient has a potential exposure from traveling to a country with widespread Ebola transmission* or having contact with an Ebola patient in the 21 days before illness onset

Please see the following website for additional information on screening. 

http://www.cdc.gov/vhf/ebola/pdf/checklist-patients-evaluated-us-evd.pdf 


What if my patient is not from Summit County?

Contact the board of health for the county in which the patient resides., Icon contest coming this weekend., Ebola Update:

Below are some updates you may find useful:
 
CDC, ODH and Summit County Health Dept are seeking to identify any customers who may have visited the Coming Attractions Bridal Salon, 1220 E. Tallmadge Ave., Akron, 44310 on Sat., October 11, between 12 and 3:30p.  Anyone who visited the store then should call 330-926-3939.
 
Please help us get the word out on this by sending this tweet: If you visited Coming Attractions bridal salon on Tallmadge Ave on 10/11 between 12-3:30p pls call 330-926-3939 #CDCEbola, #Ebola
 
The Ohio Department of Health has recommended hospital again conduct a round of Ebola preparedness drills with their frontline health care workers.  Read more here: 
http://www.odh.ohio.gov/~/media/ODH/ASSETS/Files/news/EBO%20News%20Release%20Ebola%20Hospital%20Drill.ashx
Ohio issued enhanced recommendations for quarantine protocols.  Read more here:
http://www.odh.ohio.gov/~/media/ODH/ASSETS/Files/news/EBO%20News%20Release%20ODH%20Quarantine%20Protocols.ashx
Ohioans who have questions about Ebola can call the Ohio Department of Health’s 24/7 hotline at 1-866-800-1404.  More information is here: http://www.odh.ohio.gov/~/media/ODH/ASSETS/Files/news/Ebola%20ODH%20call%20center%20media%20release.ashx
Below are is a collection of recent Ohio and national news that you might find useful:
The Columbus Dispatch, HED, http://www.dispatch.com/content/stories/local/2014/10/16/State-Ebola-hotline-busy.html
WLWT-TV, Cincinnati, HED, http://www.wlwt.com/news/state-health-officials-encourage-ohio-hospitals-to-conduct-ebola-drills/29173302
WEWS, Cleveland, HED http://www.newsnet5.com/news/state/ohio-department-of-health-issues-enhanced-ebola-quarantine-protocols
NBC News, HED http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/ebola-virus-outbreak/officials-seek-customers-bridal-shop-during-ebola-nurse-visit-n227621
ABC News, HED lhttp://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/ebola-probe-expanding-nurses-flight-ohio-26252948
 
The Department of Health continues to operate 24/7, and can be reached at  1-866-800-1404., Ebola.  Here are the latest facts...., 
City of Akron Leaf Pickup Schedule

Akron, Ohio (October 10, 2014) – The City of Akron’s Leaf Pickup is scheduled to begin October 27 and will continue thru December 6, or until we complete one full round of pick-up (weather permitting). The City of Akron has scheduled Leaf Pickup for each ward as follows:  

			Ward 5 	October 27
			Ward 3	October 29
			Ward 9 	November 1
			Ward 7 	November 5
			Ward 8	November 8
			Ward 4 	November 17
			Ward 1 	November 21
			Ward 2 	November 25
			Ward 10 	December 1
			Ward 6 	December 4

Residents should watch for the signage in the tree lawns giving advanced warning of pickup dates. Residents are reminded to NOT rake leaves into the street until the day before scheduled leaf pickup.  Each of the wards takes more than one day to complete, so leaves should be on the street by the dates listed (BUT NOT BEFORE), so that city workers do not pass over your house.  

The City is making one round through each ward, and will attempt to stay on the schedule listed above.  As is common in Ohio, weather does not always cooperate, so changes in pickup may occur.  The most up to date information can be found at www.akronohio.gov, or you can call 3-1-1 (330 375-2311) for up-to-date information.
###

, Trick or Treat
Beggar’s Night in Akron

The City of Akron's annual celebration of Halloween will be the last Saturday in October.   Beggar's Night is October 25, 2014 from 5-7 p.m. Akron police patrols will pay special attention to children and families walking city neighborhoods to ensure their safety., Getting it done, in Akron. Great read., As Akron Police cruisers get replaced, they are taking on an updated look., Want to know where to eat in downtown Akron?  Well, here's a guide!, Big Day of Serving This Saturday!  Cleaning and Painting on the Agenda!, Police Department gets two grants!  Congratulations!, Read about downtown Akron's new theater, the NightLight, Akron makes Top 10 list of Affordable Markets for Millennials!, Parade Units WANTED for the 28th Welcome Santa Holiday Parade!, Michael Douglas spot on regarding the energy in Akron surrounding the Arts., null, Akron marathon!  Good luck runners!, Congratulations to our Akron Global Business Accelerator!  2.5 million is a great boost!, Akron's art initiatives get a boost from the Knight Foundation. Thank you! #artsinakron, We made a good list!  #opportunityknocksinakron, It is sad that so many kids go hungry in our area; but, it is inspiring that Blessings in a Backpack does so much to help. #blessingsinabackpack, Check out downtown Akron's movie theater.  Didn't know we had one?  Now you do!  Showing independent films, twice a day, six days a week.  A hidden gem., Now here's a challenge I hope you are up for!  Let's bring some of that money to Akron.  Submit your ideas folks!, Can you imagine?  A truly bikeable city?  This may not happen here, but we can get closer., Very interesting breakfast event.  Everyone should definitely check it out!, North Hill to Experience "The Better Block" Transformation.  Now THIS is cool!, Akron Receives Water Fluoridation Quality Award!, Cascade Village Groundbreaking Today.  We moved some dirt!, International Consulting Firm teams up with Local Firm to Manage Akron's Sewer Project, Did you know this?  Go Akron!, Mayor Plusquellic appreciates all Ken Babby is doing to bring affordable family fun downtown!, Many members of the City's administration volunteered at the food bank Friday!, Welcome Ravizza Packaging!, Square Fest goes from 11 am - 7 pm, but it doesn't end then!  After hours concert from 7-9 too!, City employee arrested for theft in office.  Press Release., Goodyear not building tire factory in Ohio.... not a surprise, but disappointing anyways., City giving cash prizes. Will you enter this contest?, Did you know that to preserve the urban canopy, the City of Akron, as part of the Combined Sewer Overflow construction projects, will replace 2.5 trees for everyone 1 tree that must be removed?, Square Fest, Just a reminder about the concert on Friday!, Mayor Plusquellic and County Executive Pry to Co-Teach Political Science course at the University of Akron.
, Free Concert in the Park Friday., Square Fest Announcement!, Request for Proposals to Provide Services/Programming to Residents of East Akron.
, Great weekend indeed!  City of Akron shined bright!, Lots of things to do in the upcoming weeks. Hamburger festival thus weekend along with GG9 Opening Ceremony!, Plans for “Welcome Home LeBron” Event at UA’s Infocision Stadium
Sponsored by City of Akron, LeBron James Family Foundation
 
 
            (Akron, Ohio. August 6, 2014) Plans are set for the public Akron event welcoming home LeBron James, who is returning to the NBA Cleveland Cavaliers this season.
            The event, at 7:15pm, Friday, August 8 at InfoCision Stadium and Summa Field is sold-out, and no additional tickets are available. A capacity crowd is expected. Fans took advantage of two ticket releases through Ticketmaster, and free seats for the event were distributed within a matter of hours of each release.
            All seating is General Admission, and there are no reserved seats for the event. Accordingly, attendees should plan on arriving early, since seats are on a first-come-first-served basis. Gates Open at 6:15pm. All attendees at this free event must have a valid ticket to enter. Parking is available in lots surrounding the University of Akron campus. (See http://www.uakron.edu/parking/      
            The University will enforce the usual restrictions at the stadium. Prohibited items include outside
food and beverages. Food and beverage concessions will be open. Other prohibited items include
signs of any type, alcoholic beverages, bottles, coolers, Frisbees, laser pointers, backpacks, bags larger than 10” x 10” x 12”, weapons, pets, umbrellas, fireworks, and clothing with inappropriate or offensive language.     
            The evening’s program will focus on LeBron’s positive impact on his hometown. For many children and families in Akron, LeBron has had a daily presence in their lives through his “Wheels for Education” program and the “I Promise” campaign, which has reached more than 800 Akron Public school children and their families.
            The evening is being shared with LeBron’s 3rd annual Family Reunion for nearly 3,000 of his WFE kids and families, who will occupy Summa Field. In addition to LeBron and his and a recitation of his “I Promise” pledge, there will be special performances by local community groups and remarks by notable individuals who have been a part of LeBron’s journey. The event will celebrate LeBron’s return to his hometown, and more importantly, the many kids and families in Akron that have been positively impacted by his philanthropic efforts. 
            Community sponsors that are supporting the event include Akron General, the City’s lead sponsor, as well as Bridgestone Americas, Inc., FirstEnergy Corp., Summa Health System, GoJo, Akron Children’s Hospital, and FirstMerit Bank, all of whom have made contributions.
###, This weekend check out the burgers downtown!, So much going on in our area!  Enjoy the day, and be proud of Akron!, Another downtown Akron event., Akron Fire Department Awarded Federal Grant in the Amount of $1,328,169  
, Road Closure

Due to the Lebron James Family Foundation house restoration event at 190 Rhodes Avenue, the City of Akron will close a portion of Rhodes Avenue between Crosby Street and West Exchange Street. A detour route has been posted for this event using Crosby Street, South Portage Path and West Exchange Street.
The closure will begin at 8:00 AM, Saturday, August 2, 2014 and plans to be open around 8:00 AM, Monday morning August 11, 2014., You are welcome !, Second Round of FREE Welcome Home LeBron Event Tickets Sell Out Within Hours

Akron, OH, July 30, 2014 --- Following the release of a second round of tickets for the community event marking LeBron James' return to his hometown, the City of Akron, the LeBron James Family Foundation, and The University of Akron announced that tickets for the free event officially sold out again within a matter of hours. Due to safety and seating restrictions, no additional tickets will be made available. 

All event attendees must have a valid ticket to enter the event on Friday, August 8th at InfoCision Stadium-Summa Field on the University of Akron's campus. Doors will officially open at 6:00pm., Additional Welcome Home LeBron James Tickets will be available tomorrow evening.  Get details here!, Welcome Home LeBron Event Tickets Sold Out

 Akron, Ohio (July 25, 2014) - Due to the overwhelming demand for tickets to the community event marking LeBron James' return to his hometown, all available tickets sold out within hours of their release.

 The City, The LeBron James Family Foundation, and The University of Akron are working to make a small amount of additional tickets available. More details will be released when available. 

 The City of Akron wants to thank everyone for its enthusiastic support for what is sure to be a memorable event!, 46 countries and 48 states represented in the upcoming Gay Games, and along Main Street!, How to get your LeBron tickets through ticketmaster, https://oss.ticketmaster.com/aps/zips/EN/buy/details/14LEBRON
, Congratulations to Akron's newest police officers!  You are joining a great department., Tickets for the Welcome Home LeBron Celebration Available Monday!

City of Akron, LeBron James Family Foundation and The University of Akron to Commemorate LeBron’s Return in a Community-Wide Celebration at UA’s InfoCision Stadium 

All attendees at this FREE event must have a valid ticket to enter.
Tickets available through Ticketmaster beginning 10:00am, Monday, July 28

	(Akron, Ohio. July 25, 2014) The City of Akron will join with the LeBron James Family Foundation in welcoming LeBron James back to his hometown team at a free public event Friday, August 8, at 7:15pm at InfoCision Stadium-Summa Field on The University of Akron’s campus.
	Admission is free, but every person planning to attend must have a ticket, obtainable only through Ticketmaster, beginning at 10:00am, Monday, July 28. Go to https://oss.ticketmaster.com/aps/zips/EN/buy/details/14LEBRON for tickets.
	““LeBron has always remained dedicated to Akron and his Wheels for Education kids.  Our entire community is happy to celebrate with him and welcome him back to his hometown, Akron, Ohio,” said Akron Mayor Don Plusquellic. “We plan to do that in a big way by celebrating those aspects of our community that LeBron himself values most.”  Mayor Plusquellic also said that the event has received strong community support from Akron General, the City’s lead sponsor for the event, as well as Bridgestone Americas, Inc., FirstEnergy Corp., Summa Health System, GoJo, Akron Children’s Hospital, and FirstMerit Bank, all of whom have made contributions to support the August 8 event.
	The August 8 event will focus on LeBron’s positive impact on his hometown. For many children and families in Akron, LeBron has had a daily presence in their lives through his “Wheels for Education” program and the “I Promise” campaign, which has reached more than 800 Akron Public school children and their families. 
	The evening is being shared with LeBron’s 3rd annual Family Reunion for nearly 2,500 of his WFE kids and families, who will occupy Summa Field. In addition to LeBron and a recitation of his “I Promise” pledge, there will be special performances by local community groups and remarks by notable individuals who have been a part of LeBron’s journey. The event will celebrate LeBron’s return to his hometown, and more importantly, the many kids and families in Akron that have been positively impacted by his philanthropic efforts.  
	Individuals who plan to attend must have a valid ticket to enter. Gates to InfoCision Stadium will open at 6:15pm. Parking is available in lots surrounding The University of Akron’s campus. (See http://www.uakron.edu/parking/ )
	Media must apply for credentials to Stephanie Rosa at srosa@mercuryllc.com.
###






, Congratulations to the Akron Fire Department in securing a Federal grant for fire prevention and safety., Good Luck to the Super Kids today. Derby Downs is the place to be!, Get the facts about the Proposed Additional Summit County Sales and UseTax., Welcome Home LeBron Community Rally set for August 8, 2014 at the University of Akron's InfoCision Stadium from 7:15-9:00 pm., null, Akron stayed the course because we KNOW that LeBron is a great athlete, but an even better man.  , He's coming home.  ABC News reports about James' emotional decisions..., Saving Money.... Becoming More Green.
, Statement from Mayor Plusquellic on LeBron's announcement:

"No matter where LeBron played basketball, he never stopped giving back to his hometown, Akron.  We are thankful for his generosity and excited to continue partnering with him on projects that help our children and enrich our community.  As good of a basketball player that he is, he is an even better person.  I am thrilled that he has decided to continue his outstanding career in Cleveland, where he will be even more accessible to his Wheels for Education kids and family.", Gay Games 9 will be here before you know it.  August 9-12. Check out the line-up of events and make plans to attend!, Yes, we are courting  Goodyear and would LOVE to be home to its new tire plant.  Read the story here...., Come downtown and get your stromboli!  The Italian-American Festival kicks off today!, When was the last time you were close to a goat? Please join City representatives and Councilman Rich Swirsky in the upcoming Great Glendale Goat Graze event - goats, music, educational activities, AND meet with your Councilman.

This Saturday, July 12, local activists Karen Wilkie Edwards and Tom Crain, in conjunction with the 4-H Club, the City of Akron, and the Akron Fire Department will be holding a special community event to demonstrate sustainable, earth-friendly practices. 

A herd of goats will be camped out on the Glendale Steps across from Glendale Cemetery on July 12 and 13. They will be eating obnoxious and hard-to-kill weeds which plague the historic Akron landmark.

Also, Rich Swirsky will be holding office hours at the bottom of the steps on Saturday, July 12, from 11:00 a.m. until 2:00 p.m. Please come with any city concerns to share and also to observe and support the goats in their efforts to clear the weeds., Check out Akron Zoo's Vice President of Planning and Conservation in Smart Business Magazine!  Great article!, Our Deputy Director of Public Service, Phil Montgomery makes the news today.  May want to catch him bowling in GG9!, Great bike tour through Akron. Try it sometime!, Ribfest starts TODAY!  Come downtown for lunch!, The Best of Akron Edition of Akron Life, with Akron Mayor Don Plusquellic on the cover!, Cuyahoga Valley Scenic Railroad is back on Track!  Check it out!, The City welcomes the Bit Factory...., New Reach Opportunity Center to Open July 1st!, The First Tee of Akron has a new board, new programming, new sponsors, and is looking for an Executive Director!  Find out more here...., First Tee of Akron announces new programming, new board members, and a search for a new executive director!, Find out about all of the Downtown Akron Fourth of July Festivities right here!, Applicants who need help filling out their The Summit of Sustainability Awards application, can get help here!, Canal Park has come alive in Akron thanks to Ken Babby and Jim Phander., Akron 311 Marks 10 Years of Service!
, Deputy Mayor Bob Bowman retiring at end of month., Experience Akron..... what's going on in your town!, Akron Looking for PeaceMakers!  , Experience Akron.... your weekly newsletter.  Find out about this week's events!, Playing at a field near you! Firestone Stadium that is... Girls' State Softball Championship., Mayor Speaks at the New York Stock Exchange., Is your company GREEN?  Are you taking steps to become GREEN?  Check out this news release, you could be a 2014 winner!
, Mayor's Day at Canal Park and Family Fun Day!  2:05 game time., Check out Akron's New Weekly Newsletter --- things to do, in the upcoming week...., Fugitive Safe Surrender is back!  If you or someone you know has outstanding misdemeanor or felony warrants from Summit County, help is available June 25-28 at The House of the Lord.
, City of Akron Hydrant Flushing - Northeast Akron and East Akron, There will be no curb service this Monday, May 26th, 2014, in observance of Memorial Day. There will be a one day delay of trash/recycle for the remainder of the week, with curb service resuming on Tuesday, May 27th and continuing through, Saturday, May 31st., 
Heinz Poll Dance Festival Back -- Free Summer Performances!, Buckle Up.  That is all., happening this Saturday, all around town!, Neighbors Day is Saturday -- find out where the Community Events are taking place!  , Akron wins National Bronze award for being a bicycle friendly city., Two roads closed for couple of weeks for repairs due to severe storms on Monday night., They will be in your neighborhood looking for vacant homes!, Storm Update; Road Closures
, Glad everyone is safe in Cuyahoga Falls.  It will take a while for City Hall to get cleaned out.  , Severe Storm Press Release


, Mayor Plusquellic Wants to Proceed With Fire Exams and Promotion Cycle, Saturday is Akron's 5th Annual Downtown All City Baseball & Softball Parade, Mayor Requests Federal Investigation into Schisemos files.
, Lock 3 Downtown Summer Schedule is Released!, Welcome and congratulations to Akron's newest 9 police officers!, Officer Chris Crockett and Officer Derrick Jackson are honored for risking their lives by running into a burning house and saving an Akron resident!, Gary, George, and Garrison Hearst get recognized at Akron City Council for attaining the rank of Eagle Scout!  Congratulations!, City to act as General Contractor -- hopes to hire Akron residents., Listen to Mayor Plusquellic right now...., Packed house at the multiple-agency anti-drug (meth/heroin) campaign. It's an aggressive and shocking campaign!, Big Day at Lock 3 and Downtown tomorrow as the Green Fair and Clean and Green Teams Converge!
, Deputy Mayor for Economic Development retiring....other staff changes announced., Downtown Arena coming to Akron?  Breaking news!  Check this out!  , RubberDucks bringing big time baseball to WABL!  Thanks Ken Babby!, Ask for ID. Legitimate employees carry them!, Neighbors' Day in Akron is May 17th.  A great time to host an event for those living nearby., A group of interested, experienced leaders are willing to step up and help out., Task Force formed to Guide the City with respect to EACH., The Akron Zoo and Hattie Larlham team up to bring fresh produce to our citizens.  Great idea folks!, The City of Akron Department of Planning and Urban Development Team in Hannover, Germany.  This  industrial technology showcase is the best in the world!, Beginning at 4:30 AM traffic barricades will be deployed to CLOSE High St between Bowery and Church streets.  A crane will be blocking High St until approx 2PM, various other large trucks will be in the area to service and assist the crane crews., Due to an Akron Art Museum Project, a portion E. Market St. will be closed in front of the Museum.  The closure will begin after 9:00 AM, Wednesday, April 9, 2014 and plans to reopen by evening rush hour, Friday Wednesday, April 11, 2014.
East and west bound traffic will be restricted but maintained.
East bound Market Street traffic will be merged into one lane beginning at Dart Avenue. West bound Market Street traffic will maintain two lanes., Just to advise, on Saturday April 12, 2014 between the hours of 07:00 to 17:00, S. High St. will be closed between E. Bowery St. and Church St., Akron Fire personnel are in Wisconsin inspecting the city's new ladder truck. It's a beauty!, What are you waiting for?  Get Your Business Online!
, Mayor Plusquellic is delivering his State of the City speech today at the John S. Knight Convention Center.  Find out what's on his mind, and what's next for Akron., Here is a unique opportunity to vote for a MyAkron project!, Hundreds of Volunteers ready to beautify Akron!
, Affordable Health Care Deadline Approaching., Today's Press Conference on signing up for the Affordable Health Care, with County Executive Russ Pry, Canton Mayor Healy, Akron Mayor Don Plusquellic, Regional Director Falk, and Summa's Dr. Varley.  , Congratulations to Dr. Proenza, certainly deserving of the 2014 H. Peter Burg Community Leadership Award., Workers to come from within Akron on huge sewer project -- City mandates 30% to rise to 50%, State of City Press Release, Mayor Plusquellic's State of the City is scheduled for Wednesday, April 2, 2014 at the John S. Knight Center.  Reserve your tickets NOW!
Registration and networking begin at 10:30 a.m., with the program and lunch beginning at 11:30 a.m.  To make a reservation, call the Greater Akron Chamber at (330) 237-1237 or register at www.greaterakronchamber.org, though the events calendar.  RSVP by Noon on Friday, March 28th, 2014.  The cost is $22 for individuals and $220 for a table of ten people.  , Mayor Plusquellic and Superintendent James Attend Education Conference in Washington., Pre and Post Parade Events Downtown with the Mayor., Help name the new RubberDuck Mascot!  And win a cool prize!, "Enroll Akron" month.  , Celebrate with the Mayor., Teens & Money!, Boil Water Advisory for Affected Coventry Township Residents has been LIFTED!,  
 
PRECAUTIONARY BOIL WATER ADVISORY
Limited Number of Properties Affected in Coventry Township
 
Coventry Township, Ohio (February 24, 2014) -  Due to a water main break in Coventry Township, the Akron Water Department has issued a precautionary boil water advisory for Akron water customers between 2900 and 3011 Manchester Road, between 2974 to 2991 Cormany Road and a single resident on South Prior Road.  This advisory includes the following specific locations:
• 2900 Manchester Road
• 2923 Manchester Road
• 2960 Manchester Road - All residents of Lakeside Mobile Home Park
• 3011 Manchester Road – AutoZone
 
 
• 2974 Cormany Road - American Legion Post #566
• 2981 Cormany Road
• 2991 Cormany Road
 
• 3037 South Prior Road
 
              Only locations listed above are included in the advisory. 
 
As a precaution, and in accordance with EPA regulations, customers are advised to boil their water until further notice.   Water used for drinking or cooking should be brought to a full boil for a minimum of 2 minutes and returned to the proper temperature before use.  This advisory will be in effect until further notice, but for a minimum of 24 hours. 
This advisory is only in effect for these limited customers on Manchester Road, Cormany Road and South Prior Road.
Please refer to http://www.akronohio.gov/water  or call the Akron Water Distribution Dispatch at 330-375-2420 for further updates.
###
 
 
, The emergency snow parking ban in Akron has been lifted., Executive Director of Gay Games 9 to Address Akron City Council

Akron, Ohio (February 19, 2014) -   The Executive Director of the Gay Games 9, Thomas Nobbe, will be giving a GG9 presentation to Council in Akron Council Chambers, 166 S. High Street, 3rd Floor, this Monday, February 24, 2014 at 3:30 p.m.  Media is welcome.  
WHAT:    Gay Games 9 Cleveland + Akron Presentation

WHEN:    Monday, February 24, 2014, 3:30 pm 

WHERE:  Akron Council Chambers, 166 S. High Street, 3rd Floor
 
WHO:       Thomas Nobbe, Executive Director Gay Games 9, February 18, 2014 (Akron, Ohio) - The City of Akron has issued a Snow Emergency Parking Ban for ALL CITY STREETS effective immediately. Snow parking bans are issued for the purpose of the public’s safety and the efficiency of snow clearing efforts on city streets. A Snow Emergency Parking Ban means the City has the power to tow cars parked on city streets if they impede the progress of snow clearing operations. All cars should be removed from parking spots on city streets regardless of whether city crews are still plowing main roads or have moved to the residential side streets. Cars not moved may be towed by the City., Check out what our police are doing!, Akron's emergency parking ban has been lifted., City Issues Snow Emergency Parking Ban
Ban starts at 11:00 a.m. Today and Lasts Until Further Notice

 February 10, 2014 (Akron, Ohio) - The City of Akron has issued a Snow Emergency Parking Ban for ALL CITY STREETS effective at 11:00 a.m. today, February 10th, 2014.  The ban is in effect until further notice.   Snow parking bans are issued for the purpose of the public’s safety and the efficiency of snow clearing efforts on city streets.
 A Snow Emergency Parking Ban means the City has the power to tow cars parked on city streets if they impede the progress of snow clearing operations. All cars should be removed from parking spots on city streets regardless of whether city crews are still plowing main roads or have moved to the residential side streets. Cars not moved may be towed by the City., Welcome Akron's 16 new police officers!  Sworn in on February 5, 2014., Bruce Ford, city of Akron photographer. Check it out., null, Emergency Snow Parking Ban, The City of Akron has removed its Emergency Snow Parking Ban., Thank you Ken Babby and the Akron Rubber Ducks  for making our downtown fun and affordable!, Snow Parking Ban. Don't get towed!, Press Release. Mayor Plusquellic receives national arts award at USCM event today. 
, Mayor Plusquellic wins prestigious national arts award. , One Day Curb Service Delay Next Week., The 1:00 pm  Kenmore Seniors meeting at Kenmore Community Center has been canceled due to no running water in the building., New bio-medical company to open up headquarters in Akron.  Company to develop device to help stroke victims., Eat good  on Friday at Lock 3, and support a GREAT cause!, Proud of our police., Akron City Council Meetings Canceled today and tonight., City provides places to warm up., Citywide Snow Parking Ban starts Friday, January 3, 2014 at 8:00 a.m., What is a Barnes Dance?  Pedestrian Scramble?  Find out!, Holiday Curb Service Advisory....., Bridge over Mud Run Ditch --- Project Information, Article on the City's stance re: CSO's, End of Leaf Pick Up in sight...., You can put out extra trash after Christmas.... see what's allowed..., Holiday Trash Pick Up Schedule, Press Release regarding City's Combined Sewer Overflows., City Seeking Nominations of the Charles Salem Award.  Do you know someone you want to nominate???, Where to buy the Akron book???? Check it out..., Water Shut-Offs Shut Off for the holidays.  Press Release...., New Akron-Centric Book Released.  Check it Out!, New Leaf Pickup Schedule, null, The Holiday Market at Lock 3, sponsored by Downtown Akron Partnership, features local artisans who offer hand-made items for sale as well as 2 German craftsman bringing hand-crafted goods from the Erzebirge Mountains near Akron's sister city of Chemnitz, Germany. For more information: http://ow.ly/qOGlc, Reaffirming that Akron is doing everything right, but still can get hit with a setback.  Tea Party is a factor as noted by the writer., Proud of our Akron Zip's Men's Soccer Team., Mayor Don Plusquellic gives the oath to 42 new firefighters!, Israeli companies out.pick Akron over Philadelphia! Check this out., Mayor's Statement on Lockheed Martin's Closing Akron Operations, Lock 3 Ice Skating starts tomorrow!, Watch Out for Holiday Hacks!, Mayor Plusquellic a Keynote Speaker at Worlds Largest Water Conference, I LOVE A PARADE!  Join us in the parade...., Health Care Assistance Still Available, but Call for Appointment Please, City expands educational partnership with Akron Public Schools., Investigations into the misuse of City funds lead to disciplinary actions., Akron Bans the Box, What we are doing to make Akron "green" is nothing short of fantastic!  Check it out., Woot Woot!, Summit of Sustainability Speaker was quite impressive!, To our citizens who travel Bath Road:

– Alan Brubaker, P.E., P.S., Summit County Engineer, would like to alert residents and motorists of a four day, daytime only, closure of the Bath Road Bridge over the Cuyahoga River, located between Akron-Peninsula Road and Riverview Road, in the City of Akron. The closure will be in effect starting Thursday, October 24, 2013 and is scheduled to be complete on Tuesday, October 29, 2013. The bridge will be open at night and during the weekend. Daily closures will start at 8:30am and end at 3:00pm. 

Motorists should anticipate using detour routes. The closure is necessary for bridge maintenance work. Summit County Engineer’s office workers will be reinforcing the bridge railing.

The official detour will go from Riverview Road to Ira Road to Akron-Peninsula Road. All work is subject to inclement weather., Proud of our Water Supply Bureau!, City of Akron LEAF PICK-UP SCHEDULE -- REVISED!!!!, Congratulations to the City's Finance Department for a job well done!, Akron in Top 10 BEST Places to Retire on $75/day.  Check it out!, Northeast Ohio and downtown living!, Sign Up for the Affordable Care Act, with help from the City of Akron and the County of Summit., Congratulations to the City of Akron!, Welcome and Congratulations to our 7 new Akron police officers!, Press Conference --- Free CDL training for City of Akron residents., Big Day of Serving is this Saturday in Akron -- News Release, Trick or Treat!, CDL Training Applications Available By Wednesday., 10 more on top of the new 40!  Here we go!, CDL Job Training for our Residents!, Check out our new website!  Just rolled out!, It was 12 years ago, but Akronites, and the rest of the Nation, will never forget...., Mustard Seed Market Breaks Ground at Highland Square!, Way to go Ken Babby and our Akron Aeros!  The City of Akron is proud!, PRESS RELEASE: 

CURB SERVICE ADVISORY
HOLIDAY SCHEDULE

On Monday, September 2nd, 2013, there will be no curb service in observance of Labor Day. There will be a one day delay of trash/recycle for the remainder of the week, with curb service resuming on Tuesday, September 3rd and continuing through Saturday, September 7th., Press Release: Mustard Seed Market Deal Done

Akron, Ohio (August 23, 2013) -  Today, Akron Mayor Don Plusquellic and Mustard Seed Owner Phillip Nabors signed the final paperwork completing what has been a long and complicated process to bring a grocery store to the Highland Square neighborhood.   The new grocery destination will be a two-story, 23,000 square foot grocery store, with a second floor terrace and restaurant.

“This has been a challenging project because the space we had to work with was very small and irregularly shaped,” noted Mayor Plusquellic.  “However, the City and the Nabors worked hard to come up with a design that fit the unusual footprint.  The end result is a distinctive store that will fit perfectly with the character of the neighborhood.”

There will be a ground breaking ceremony late next week.  As details become available, they will be relayed to the media and the community. 
###, Thumbs Up! for Safer Neighborhoods and Schools!, null, Street Closings for the 8th Annual National Hamburger Festival 

Friday, August 16 beginning at 10:00 AM:
South Main Street - from Bowery Street to State Street
University Avenue - from High Street to Main Street
Church Street - from High Street to Main Street
Main Street - from Bowery Street to Mill Street (Evenings only)
All roads will re-open Monday, August 19 at 4:00 AM, Akron police officer Russ Long will be missed by so many in our City.  Our thoughts are with his family and friends.  May he rest in peace., Press Release: Hamburger Festival Schedule for Aug. 17-18, Press Release:  42 New City of Akron Firefighters Start Training TODAY!, Thank you LeBron James for all you do for our kids., Coming soon..., Akron, Ohio 1957.   Really neat footage., Press Release: 
Akron PeaceMakers 5th Annual Teen Expo is August 1, 2013
Activities Geared for Teens 13-18 
 
Akron, Ohio (July 24, 2013) - The City’s premiere youth volunteer group, the Akron PeaceMakers will hold its 5th Annual Teen Expo from 6 to 9 p.m. on Thursday, August 1, at Lock 3.  Exhibitors will provide area youth with information on education, teen health, safety and volunteer opportunities in the Greater Akron area.

The event is FREE to middle and high school students and is open to all teens in Northeast Ohio.  Along with music and prizes, there will be various sport activities, 2 interactive game trucks (Diamond Heist Laser Maze and the Mobile Video Truck).  In addition, teens can experience the Iron Man Obstacle Course, the Basketball Switch Game, volleyball, Cornhole as well as various carnival games.  

During the evening, local teens and teen oriented music bands will provide entertainment.  One of the performers, Libby Etherton,  is a 14 year old pop/country singer from Hartville, Ohio, who has performed at the Canton Rib Festival, 2013 Teens Rock Akron competition, and many other N.E. Ohio venues.  Etherton not only sings, but also plays piano, guitar, and ukulele.  

Closing the evening will be Akron inspirational/Hip Hop artist, Emmanuel.  He will deliver his ultra-positive message to teens in attendance.  Fellow Akronite, Jovan, a Neo Soul singer will perform solo as well as with Emmanuel.  

“I hope our young citizens take advantage of this great opportunity to come downtown, hang out with friends, learn some things, and see what the Akron PeaceMakers are all about,” said Mayor Plusquellic.  “Our PeaceMakers have done a terrific job of successfully promoting peace in our city, and they have actively made Akron a stronger, safer community.”    

For those interested in joining the Akron Peacemakers, the group is seeking new members.  Applications for the August 6, 2013 PeaceMakers Orientation will also be available at the Expo.  
The PeaceMakers’ program has grown to 85 active members.   In 2012, members of the Peacemakers volunteered and participated in more 54 different community projects and provided 3,800 volunteer hours.  

Sponsors of this year’s event include the City of Akron, Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company, and Dominion East Ohio Gas.  The game trucks and teen inflatable games are provided through a gift from the Akron Community Foundation.

Gates open at 5:30 with festivities starting at 6:00 pm.  All activities are free and food will be available at affordable prices.  

For more information, go to AkronPeaceMakers.org or call (330) 365-2660 or (330) 375-2712.  
*end*, Moving right along with the Highland Square Development....., Your Akron Weekly...., Press Conference Video! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMlQjV5fmO8, Press Release: New Downtown Hotel 

Akron Mayor Don Plusquellic, Greystone Partners LLC and Amerimar Realty Company Announce Plans to build a Destination Quality Hotel using Greystone Hall 

The project will be the first new hotel construction in downtown Akron in 40 years
Akron, OH – July 16, 2013 – Akron Mayor Don Plusquellic, Greystone Partners LLC and Amerimar Realty Company, announce plans to build a destination-quality hotel using Greystone Hall in Downtown Akron.   This project fills a long-standing need in the central business district.  Investment in the project is expected to be $40 million.  

The Hotel will feature approximately 160 upscale rooms and suites, a 125-seat casual restaurant and bar with sidewalk seating, extensive space for meetings and weddings, and a state-of-the art fitness center and indoor swimming pool.  The restaurant will serve breakfast, lunch, dinner and Sunday brunch.  The meeting and event space includes three ballrooms and multiple smaller meeting rooms, available for local and regional corporate meetings and a destination venue for weddings and other social events.  The historic Greystone building will be fully renovated and integrated into the hotel, housing the function space and the restaurant, while continuing to be the venue for live theater productions.  

The Greystone Hall, built in 1917 as a Masonic Temple, is located at Mill and High Streets.  Its approximate 60,000 square feet contains numerous meeting rooms, dining and ballrooms.  Owned by the City of Akron, and operated by the Convention Center, it has functioned as a meeting and event venue.  

“Getting the right Developer to come in and create the kind of quality hotel that downtown Akron deserves has been a daunting task,” recognizes Mayor Plusquellic. “But I truly think that we found the right people in Amerimar Realty Company, David Marshall, and Greystone Partners LLC.  This hotel will work closely with the John S. Knight Convention Center and preserves the historic Greystone facility.  It will help to bring many more guests, conventions, and groups to visit and convene in our great City.  This is exactly what we hoped for in a hotel plan – a great facility close to the convention center, more jobs for our citizens, and a substantial investment in our downtown.”

Greystone Partners LLC, comprised of five greater Akron-area business people, has executed a Memorandum of Understanding with the City of Akron that will lead to the purchase of Greystone Hall.  They have also secured the rights to purchase High Street Christian Church, adjacent to Greystone Hall, which will be the site of new construction.  

Greystone LLC has partnered with Amerimar Realty Company of Philadelphia, PA, who among their many national properties, own and manage more than 3,000 hotel rooms.  An affiliate of Amerimar Realty Inc. will operate the hotel as an independent hotel.   

“Downtown Akron is in need of a quality, full-service hotel.  We are impressed with the quality of the Greystone ballroom, and the uniqueness and beauty of the meeting rooms.  We can’t imagine that there is a more perfect location in the city,” said David G. Marshall, Chairman of Amerimar Realty Company.

The architect, Braun and Steidl and construction manager, Welty Building Company, will incorporate LEED requirements into the design and construction of the new hotel.  This will be representative of the eco-friendly and sustainable initiatives that the hotel will practice throughout its operation.  

The Development Finance Authority of Summit County will be participating in financing the project.  


About The City of Akron
With a population of around 200,000, Akron is an international city, with residents from around the world who add to the diversity and vitality of its community.   For more than 100 years, Akron was the rubber and tire capital of the world, and it still boasts being the city where every super-engineered tire for the Indy 500 is assembled, and where the wheels of NASCAR are made.   However, Akron has also developed into a center of research and advanced manufacturing, polymer engineering and bio medical R&D.  Its Downtown hosts a billion dollars of new investments including the newly redesigned Akron Art Museum, and its newly designated Biomedical Corridor.   For more information visit www.akronohio.gov

About Greystone Partners LLC 
Greystone Partners LLC is a developer focused on historic preservation in greater Akron.  Individually, and collectively, they have managed, owned, built or redeveloped millions of square feet of commercial, retail, and residential properties. Historic Redevelopment has been a focus with the Old Akron Post Office, now Summa Center in Akron, as an example. In addition, the Mercantile Lofts and Journal News in Hamilton, Ohio were recently completed. 

About Amerimar Realty Company
Amerimar Realty Company is a Philadelphia-based real estate investment/development company that is a recognized leader in the renovation and repositioning of office, hotel, retail and multi-family properties.  The firm originated in 1976 when David G Marshall began to acquire properties on behalf of the Bass family of Texas as David G. Marshall & Co.   Marshall subsequently acquired the company in 1987 and it was renamed Amerimar Realty Company.  Amerimar recently entered the northeast Ohio market with its acquisitions of Huntington Bank Plaza, a 160,000 square foot Class-A office building, and the New Market Parking Deck, a 488-space parking garage, both located in downtown Canton.  Other notable Amerimar investments include: The Rittenhouse Hotel in Philadelphia; Denver Place, a 2.5 million SF complex in downtown Denver; and Pier 39 in San Francisco.  

About the Development Finance Authority of Summit County (DFA) 
DFA attracts private capital for public good in Northeast Ohio.  DFA specializes in using bonds, tax credits and non-traditional sources of capital including our Jobs & Investment Bond Fund (Rating: BBB+ by S&P) to create and retain jobs and finance projects that enhance the quality of life throughout the region. In addition, as a certified community development entity (CDE), the DFA is authorized to deploy New Markets Tax Credits that specifically benefit low-income communities throughout an 18-county service area in Northeast Ohio. More information about our investment tools, successful projects and partners is available at www.developmentfinanceauthority.org., Press Release: 
Places to Cool Off in Akron

 Akron, Ohio (July 16, 2013) - The City of Akron is urging residents with no air conditioning or fans to seek shelter and stay cool. Akron will provide cold water and extend hours of operation in some of their Community Centers for those that need to get out of the heat.   Residents should stay cool by visiting the following Community Centers: 
  Hours of Operation thru 7/19:

1. Patterson Park – T-W-TH  9:00am – 9:00pm, Fri. 12 – 5
2. Ellet – T-W-TH  8:00am – 8:00pm, Fri. 8 – 4 
3. Lawton – T-W-TH 8:30am – 8:30pm, Fri. 8:30 – 6  
4. Summit Lake – T-W-TH-F 8:00am – 8:00pm 
5. Firestone – (air  being repaired today)  W-TH 9:00am – 8:00pm, Fri. 11 – 4     

 “I am urging people to go to the mall, a friend’s house, or our Community Centers to get out of the heat,” said Mayor Plusquellic.  “We do not want our residents that cannot tolerate this heat to risk their health by staying in their homes, without air conditioning or fans.”, It's Here!  SQUARE FEST!  Vendors... SIGN UP NOW!, Akron Aeros game tonight!, Self defense class for women! Check it out., Guided Canoe Adventure starting in downtown Akron...., County of Summit Executive Russell M. Pry
Summit County EMA is conducting damage assessments & providing assistance for the communities across the County. http://ow.ly/mTJUR, Remembering West Akron Baseball....., Lock 3 being cleaned up for the Italian-American Festival!, Press Release: Severe Storm Update
 Akron, Ohio (July 11, 2013) - On Wednesday afternoon, July 10, the City of Akron experienced 3 to 4 inches of rain in a very short period of time.  Flooding occurred causing the closings of roadways and expressways.  Along with the roadway flooding, the City received reports of nearly 200 flooded basements. 
 As a result of the severe weather, the Summit County Emergency Management Agency (EMA) activated the Emergency Operation Center for several hours yesterday.  Currently, the EMA is conducting damage assessments for communities across the County and providing any needed assistance to those communities.  The hardest hit areas of yesterday’s severe storms were Coventry Township, Springfield Township, Copley Township and Barberton.  
 Also, the American Red Cross of Summit and Portage Counties opened a shelter at its facility at 501 West Market Street in Akron.  Emergency housing and food will be provided as needed to all who were forced to evacuate their homes as a result of the flooding. The shelter will remain open until all individuals have found alternative accommodations or can return to their homes.  Citizens in need of shelter can call the Red Cross at 330-535-6131.
 As reported earlier, the City is permitting Akron curb service customers to place damaged material on the curb strip where your normal trash is placed.   The City asks that customers who do so call 311 from a home phone or (330) 375-2311 from outside the City or from a cell phone to schedule a free pickup.  Pickups will occur on the customer’s normally scheduled pickup day.  
 Normally you cannot put material out before 4:30 pm the day before normal pickup.   Due to the severity of the flooding the City has waived that rule until July 26.  City curb side customers are encouraged to bring the wet and damaged material out of their basements as soon as possible and put it on the curb strip.  This special pickup will not count against the three special pickups the City offers to its customers each year.
 The U. S. Environmental Protection Agency Website (www.epa.gov ) provides these tips for flood clean-up and mold and mildew elimination:
• Stop the source of leak or flooding. 
• Remove excess water with mops or wet vacuum. 
• Whenever possible, move wet items to a dry and well ventilated area or outside to expedite drying. Move rugs and pull up areas of wet carpet as soon as possible. 
• Open closet and cabinet doors and move furniture away from walls to increase circulation. 
• Run portable fans to increase air circulation. Do NOT use the home's central blower if flooding has occurred in it or in any of the ducts. 
• Run dehumidifiers and window air conditioners to lower humidity. 
• If water has soaked inside the walls, it may be necessary to open wall cavities, remove baseboards, and/or pry open wall paneling. 
• Spraying with a household disinfectant on fungi and mold will not remove the organisms and can exacerbate breathing problems. 
• Provide adequate ventilation, air circulation near cold surfaces, dehumidification or other methods to minimize the production of moisture in the home and control high humidity that frequently causes mold growth in our cold climate. 
Follow these steps to clean mold: 
• Begin drying all wet materials. As soon as possible, begin drying any materials that are wet. For severe moisture problems, use fans and dehumidifiers and move wet items away from walls and off of floors.
• Remove and dispose of mold contaminated materials. Items which have absorbed moisture (porous materials) and which have mold growing on them need to be removed, bagged and thrown out. Such materials may include sheet rock, insulation, plaster, carpet, carpet pad, ceiling tiles, wood products (other than solid wood) and paper products. If there was flooding, sheetrock should be removed to a level above the high-water mark. Visually inspect the wall interior and remove any mold-contaminated materials. Likewise, any such porous materials that have contacted sewage should also be bagged and thrown away. Non-porous materials with surface mold growth may be saved if they are cleaned well and kept dry 
• Remove moldy items as soon as possible. Spores are more easily released when moldy materials dry out. 
• Clean surfaces. Surface mold growing on non-porous materials such as hard plastic, concrete, glass, metal, and solid wood can usually be cleaned. 
• Disinfect Surfaces (if desired). After cleaning has removed all visible mold and other soiling from contaminated surfaces, a disinfectant may be used to kill mold that may have been missed by the cleaning. In the case of sewage contamination, disinfection must be performed. 
a. Mix 1/4 cup bleach per gallon of water and apply to surfaces where mold growth was visible before cleaning. The solution can be applied with a spray bottle or garden sprayer, be sponged on or applied by other methods. Using bleach straight from the bottle is actually LESS effective than diluted bleach. 
b. Allow the bleach solution to dry on the surface, typically 10 minutes is recommended for a bleach solution. 
c. If you use another commercially available disinfectant follow the label instructions. Keep the disinfectant on the treated material for the prescribed time before rinsing or drying. 
d. Allow all disinfected items to dry thoroughly or mold will return. 
• Always handle bleach with caution. Never mix bleach with ammonia - toxic chlorine gas may result. Bleach can irritate the eyes, nose, throat, and skin. Provide fresh air (for example, open a window or door). Protect skin and eyes from contact with bleach. Test solution on a small area before treatment, since bleach is very corrosive and may damage some materials. 
• Remain on MOLD ALERT. Continue looking for signs of moisture problems or return of mold growth. Be particularly alert to moisture in areas of past growth. If mold returns, repeat cleaning steps and consider using a stronger solution to disinfect the area again. Re-growth may signal that the material should be removed or that moisture is not yet controlled. 

 The City of Akron is working to evaluate all available options for assistance to residents affected by the severe weather, including coordination with the Summit County Emergency management Agency (EMA) on possible resources within the County and State if necessary.
###, Press Release: Extra Curbside Pickups for Flooding Victims

Additional Curbside Pickups Available for Flooding Victims

 Akron, Ohio (July 11, 2013) - On Wednesday afternoon, July 10, the City of Akron experienced 3 to 4 inches of rain in a very short period of time.  Flooding occurred causing the closings of roadways and expressways.  Along with the roadway flooding, the City received reports of nearly 200 flooded basements.  In response to these reports, City crews will pick up the flooding debris from our curb service customers through Friday, July 26.  
 If you have experienced flooding in your basement and you are a City of Akron curb service customer, you can put damaged material on the curb strip where your normal trash is placed and call 311 from your home phone or (330) 375-2311 from outside the City or from a cell phone to schedule a free pickup.  Pickups will occur on your normally scheduled pickup day.  
 Normally you cannot put material out before 4:30 pm the day before your pickup.  Due to the severity of the flooding the City is waiving that rule until July 26.  City curb side customers are encouraged to bring the wet and damaged material out of their basements as soon as possible and put it on the curb strip.  This special pickup will not count against the three special pickups the City offers to its customers each year.
###, Turn around... DON'T DROWN!, Press Release:

Akron Experiencing Current Flooding Conditions, Use Extreme Caution

 Akron, Ohio (July 10, 2013) - A National Weather Service Flood Warning has been issued for our area.  Due to the sudden downpour, manhole covers have become dislodged and City crews have been dispatched to correct the situation.  However, other manhole covers may become dislodged during this storm and citizens should use extreme caution while driving.   
 The areas that have been reported are:  Cuyahoga Street, Diagonal Road, Arlington/Market, Rt. 8 at the Central Interchange, and Memorial Parkway.  If you encounter other areas where manhole covers have been dislodged or extremely dangerous, please contact 3-1-1 from your home phone, or 330-375-2311 from you cell phone.  If you are in immediate danger, please call 911.
###, Events at Lock 4’s Opening tonight, which include Wanda Hunt, are rescheduled for September 11, 2013 due to current and predicted extreme weather., The Black Keys and WABL make the Huffington Post!, West Akron Baseball (WABL) and Akron's own Black Keys make national news!  TMZ!, Pickle and Salsa making....., Detour Alert!!! Water main break on W. Wilbeth closes road., Lock 3 Listing of Summer events!, Leadership Akron announces Class 30!  Congratulations!, Akron makes the New York Times.  Go Go Goodyear!, Lock 3 Fun tonight... check it out!, Sunday is Orbit's Birthday!  Come downtown to Canal Park and see the mascot parade!  It's a family funday...., Good weather AND Good music!  Check out Lock 3 on Friday Night!, Neat video about our Akron...., Leaders Rock the Lock 5K Run... details below., Lock 3, 7:30am, Downtown Akron, Founders Day. Trip to Mt.Peace and Dr. Bob's grave by 2,000 bikes., Credit Freeze Refunds Available...., Heinz Poll Summer Dance Festival schedule. ...check it out!, Reminder: The City of Akron business offices will be closed today in observance of Memorial Day. Regular business hours will resume tomorrow, May 28, Tuesday., Check out latest release about the city's website at www.akronohio.gov, PRESS RELEASE

Attorneys Available to Answer Questions
311 Staff Expands Again

Akron, Ohio (May 21, 2013) – Today and tomorrow (Tuesday and Wednesday), City of Akron attorneys will be at different Akron community centers to talk to residents about what they can do if they are on the list of people whose information was compromised by the cyber-attack that occurred last week.  These attorneys will be able to look up whether citizens are on the list of people whose information was stolen, and they will be able to explain what a person should do to secure their accounts and credit.

The following community centers will have help available from 10 am to 3 pm:

Lawton Street Community Center, 1225 Lawton Street
Patterson Park Community Center, 800 Patterson Avenue
Firestone Park Community Center, 1480 Girard Street
Kenmore Community Center, 880 Kenmore Boulevard
Ellet Community Center, 2449 Wedgewood Drive
Reservoir Park Community Center, 1735 Hillside Terrace

Also, the City is bringing in extra help to answer the deluge of 311 calls the City has encountered.  The City had already added extra man-power and extended its hours at the 311 call center throughout the weekend, but more help is being utilized today.

“We are treating this cyber-attack as we would any other attack on the City and its residents,” said Mayor Don Plusquellic.  “Although we already had extra people manning the 311 phone lines, we are significantly expanding our staffing in the hopes that everyone can get through easily.  We are also providing help at our community centers for those people who want to sit down and talk with someone.  At this point, we are doing everything we to keep our citizens informed, and we are trying to help them prevent misuse of their sensitive information.”

To recap, a cyber-attack was launched last week against networks across the country, including the City of Akron.  The attackers infiltrated the City of Akron’s computer network in spite of all of the efforts by the City to meet top national standards of intrusion protection systems, firewalls, and virus protection software.   The City is continuing to work closely with the FBI to determine how the City’s site was accessed and to determine the full extent of the information hacked.

The City of Akron filed a police incident report, Report Number 13-011564, which is available at www.akronohio.gov.  Citizens can access this report for use with banking institutions, credit agencies, and to keep on file.

Also the stolen information has been removed from the public website as of Saturday, May 18, 2013.  The City and the FBI continues to monitor and investigate whether the information is elsewhere.

The City has already contacted some individuals by email (those who had valid emails on file) and other individuals by Reverse Alert phone calls (those who had valid phone numbers on file).  All affected individuals will receive a letter by mail informing them that their information was compromised. 

To find out whether your information was compromised, you should call 3-1-1 (330-375-2311 from a mobile phone), call the City’s income tax office at 330-375-2290, or visit one of the community centers listed above between 10 am and 3 pm to talk to an attorney. 

If you are on the list of individuals whose information was released, the FBI recommends that at this point, you monitor all your financial accounts very carefully until we have more information.  

In the meantime, here are some resources to help you protect your credit:

•  The Identity Theft Resource Center, a nonprofit agency in San Diego, offers free victim assistance at 888-400-5530 or online at www.idtheftcenter.org.

•   The Ohio Attorney General’s Consumer Identity Theft Unit can assist consumers after they’ve been ID theft victims by helping them straighten out accounts. Also, the office can provide a self-help assistance guide. A police report must be filed. Call 800-282-0515 or go online to www.ohioattorneygeneral.gov.

•   Your Homeowner’s Insurance may include ID theft coverage.  If not, you may be able to add that coverage
You can also contact one of the Credit Report services and put a freeze on your credit. 

•   Equifax: 800-685-1111 (Option 3), Equifax Security Freeze, P.O. Box 105788, Atlanta, GA 30348 or www.equifax.com
•   Experian: 888-EXPERIAN (888-397-3742), Experian Security Freeze, P.O. Box 9554, Allen TX 75013 or www.experian.com

•   TransUnion: 888-909-8872, TransUnion, Fraud Victim Assistance Department, P.O. Box 6790, Fullerton, CA 92834 or www.transunion.com, PRESS RELEASE


Hacked Akron Website Updates:  
Police report filed
Information removed from public website
Letters to be mailed to all affected individuals

Akron, Ohio (May 20, 2013) – Late last week, a cyber-attack was launched against networks across the country, including the City of Akron.  The attackers infiltrated the City of Akron’s computer network in spite of all of the efforts by the City to meet top national standards of intrusion protection systems, firewalls, and virus protection software.   The City is continuing to work closely with the FBI to determine how the City’s site was accessed and to determine the full extent of the information hacked.

Yesterday, the City of Akron filed a police incident report, Report Number 13-011564, which is available at www.akronohio.gov.  Citizens can access this release for use with banking institutions, credit agencies, and to keep on file.

Also, the public website where the cyber attackers originally posted the stolen information has been disabled as of Saturday, May 18, 2013, and currently contains no City of Akron taxpayer information.
The City has already contacted 5,369 individuals by email, 5,714 individuals by Reverse Alert phone calls, and will follow up by sending a letter by mail to all affected individuals.

To find out whether your information was compromised, you should call 3-1-1 (330-375-2311 from a mobile phone) or call the City’s income tax office at 330-375-2290. 

If you are on the list of individuals whose information was released, the FBI recommends that at this point, you monitor all your financial accounts very carefully until we have more information.  

In the meantime, here are some resources to help you protect your credit:

•  The Identity Theft Resource Center, a nonprofit agency in San Diego, offers free victim assistance at 888-400-5530 or online at www.idtheftcenter.org.

•   The Ohio Attorney General’s Consumer Identity Theft Unit can assist consumers after they’ve been ID theft victims by helping them straighten out accounts. Also, the office can provide a self-help assistance guide. A police report must be filed. Call 800-282-0515 or go online to www.ohioattorneygeneral.gov.

•   Your Homeowner’s Insurance may include ID theft coverage.  If not, you may be able to add that coverage

You can also contact one of the Credit Report services and put a freeze on your credit. 

•   Equifax: 800-685-1111 (Option 3), Equifax Security Freeze, P.O. Box 105788, Atlanta, GA 30348 or www.equifax.com

•   Experian: 888-EXPERIAN (888-397-3742), Experian Security Freeze, P.O. Box 9554, Allen TX 75013 or www.experian.com

•   TransUnion: 888-909-8872, TransUnion, Fraud Victim Assistance Department, P.O. Box 6790, Fullerton, CA 92834 or www.transunion.com, Akron Website Update: Find Out if Your Information Was Compromised 

Affected individuals will be notified by email, Reverse Alert, or letter 

Akron, Ohio (May 17, 2013, updated 8:30 pm) – Yesterday afternoon, a cyber-attack was launched against networks across the county, including the City of Akron. The attackers infiltrated the City of Akron’s computer network through its system of firewalls, intrusion protection systems, and virus protection software. The City immediately contacted the FBI Cybercrimes division and the FBI has been assisting in analyzing what happened and how.  

It is clear that the cyber attackers (a group named Turkish Ajan) accessed a section of the City’s taxpayer files and posted sensitive taxpayer information affecting approximately 25,000-30,000 individuals.  The exact number of individuals affected is not determinable at this time due to continuing forensic investigations.   

The City has already contacted 5,369 individuals by email (those affected taxpayers who have previously provided the City with valid email addresses), and will notify 5,714 individuals by Reverse Alert tonight (those affected that provided valid telephone numbers on their tax efile forms).  The City will notify by letter those affected individuals who do not have a valid email or phone number on file. 

PLEASE NOTE:   IF YOU DO NOT GET A NOTIFICATION, YOUR INFORMATION STILL MAY HAVE BEEN COMPROMISED.   

To find out over the weekend whether your information was compromised, you should call 3-1-1 (330-375-2311 from a mobile phone) on Saturday, May 18, from 9 am to 2 pm, or call the City’s income tax office at 330-375-2290 on Sunday, May 19, from Noon until 4:00 pm.  

If you are on the list of individuals whose information was released, the FBI recommends that at this point, you monitor all your financial accounts very carefully until we have more information.  

In the meantime, here are some resources to help you protect your credit: 

The Identity Theft Resource Center, a nonprofit agency in San Diego, offers free victim assistance at 888-400-5530 or online at www.idtheftcenter.org. 

The Ohio Attorney General’s Consumer Identity Theft Unit can assist consumers after they’ve been ID theft victims by helping them straighten out accounts. Also, the office can provide a self-help assistance guide. A police report must be filed. Call 800-282-0515 or go online to www.ohioattorneygeneral.gov. 

Your Homeowner’s Insurance may include ID theft coverage. If not, you may be able to add that coverage 

You can also contact one of the Credit Report services and put a freeze on your credit.  

Equifax: 800-685-1111 (Option 3), Equifax Security Freeze, P.O. Box 105788, Atlanta, GA 30348 or www.equifax.com 

Experian: 888-EXPERIAN (888-397-3742), Experian Security Freeze, P.O. Box 9554, Allen TX 75013 or www.experian.com 

TransUnion: 888-909-8872, TransUnion, Fraud Victim Assistance Department, P.O. Box 6790, Fullerton, CA 92834 or www.transunion.com 

“No matter how sound a network security is, rogue groups continually look for ways to attack networks,” said Mayor Don Plusquellic. “We are doing all we can to minimize the impact of this attack. I encourage all of our citizens to please be diligent in monitoring your accounts while we continue our investigation with the FBI.”, PRESS RELEASE

City of Akron Website Hacked

Akron, Ohio (May 16, 2013) – Today, the City of Akron’s website, along with other cities’ websites, including Mobile, Alabama, were compromised by an unknown source in Turkey.  City officials are working closely with state and federal authorities to assess the situation and to determine who hacked into the city’s system and the extent of the intrusion.

Until a full understanding is reached regarding the website and the extent of the invasion, citizens are encouraged to keep a close eye on their personal information.  This includes monitoring bank accounts, using secure passwords (using random upper and lower case letters, and numbers), and reviewing credit reports.

“The City has enlisted the help of state authorities and the FBI,” noted Mayor Don Plusquellic.  “We are taking all necessary steps to assess the damage, remedy the situation, and protect our citizens.”, The Mayor offers his congratulations to a great group and, of course, to his friend Elizabeth Bartz!
, There's a Whole Lot of Fun going on at Lock 3 this Summer!, Another Great Deal!, null, City of Akron Softball and Baseball Parade on Saturday!, City to Host Annual Highland Square Festival., Neighbors' Day in Akron --- Be Part of the Action!, Akron is so lucky to have this gem in our City!  , K-9 Challenge coming to Lock 3!, The New Memorial Parkway Bridge is going up today and tomorrow... good job Akron!, Remember, Memorial Parkway closes tomorrow morning.  I will re-open Sunday evening., Memorial Parkway to Close for Two Days!  News Release., Akron Aeros' own Ken Babby on SportsTime Ohio!, Did you know the City of Akron has a dog park?  Have you been there?  What do you think?, Thank you KAB!, Jim Tressel Bobblehead GiveAway, this Saturday at Canal Park!, GREEN FAIR!!!!!  Don't miss out!, Hydrant Flushing Starts Next Week., Mayor celebrates Arbor Day with students at Bettes!, Akron Marinas Open in May!, Clean Up Month in Akron!, Akron Based Whitewater Techonologies Recognized as a Worldwide Leader, Statement by the Mayor, Your Akron Weekly...., Interstate 77 southbound near Wilbeth Road in Akron is closed due to an accident., FirstMerit to Bring Jobs to Akron; Cascade Plaza to be Renovated., Yes, it's true, Income Tax Division of the City of Akron is open until 6:00 p.m. for those who need the extra hours!, Removal of Precautionary Boil Water Advisory - (April 13, 2013) -  The precautionary boil water advisory that was issued on April 11th, for Akron water customers in Fairlawn and Copley (and parts of West Akron with low water pressure), has been removed for all water users.  Testing is completed, and all tests came back clean., Your Akron Weekly Events...., Boil Water Alert for Akron Water Customers in Copley and Fairlawn.  West Akron water customers that have experienced low pressure should also boil drinking and cooking water., Akron dog park update...., West Hill/West Akron Areas by North/Valley, and Aquaduct affected by large water main break., Come and get your clean on! Join Downtown Akron Partnership as a volunteer on Friday, May 3 from 9a.m.- 4 p.m. to help spruce up Downtown Akron. Lunch is provided from 12-1p.m. along with entertainment. www.downtownakron.com/greenandclean The deadline for application is fast approaching. Don't miss out on your chance to be a part of the great event.
, traffic alert, Aeros Opening Day Roster!, Buy a Discover Downtown Passport and get two reserve tickets for opening day at Canal Park this Thursday!, Press Release: Akron BioInvestment Funds backs companies., Your Akron Weekly...., Akron... in the movies!, Calling all artists! First night performers needed!, Box Office Opens this week!, Mayor Plusquellic speaks about what is important.... our kids., Community gardens...., Akron Weekly...., Do Downtown this weekend..., Last year's award recipient, Steve Marks, presented Mayor Don Plusquellic with this year's H. Peter Burg Leadership Award, Summit County Historical Society Award Recipients News Release., Touching speech tonight by Mayor Don Plusquellic at the GAC event. , Mayor Appoints Deputy Mayor for Labor Relations - Press Release, Recycling Neighborhood Education Spree Next Week- Press Release, Public Notice - Water Pollution Control Press Release, Akron will not release weapons to Modic., News Release Police Investigating Criminal Incidents, Akron tightens law regarding sale of property.... seeks to sue seller of property that sold home without revealing housing code violations to buyer., Opening day is just a month away...., null, City Attorneys Withdraw Motion, Accident cleared., null, Free Building --- You Move It, Mayflower Press Release, check it the council discussion, Press Release -- New Water and Tax Sharing Agreement between Akron and Mogadore, See what's going on this week, in your Akron Weekly!, Akron Hosts Lithuania Officials, Lithuanian technology bridge., Your Akron Weekly......, Boil Water Advisory Lifted., Statement by Mayor Don Plusquellic on Recent Lawsuit Filed by Six Captains of the Akron Police Department., Boil Alert for Akron Customers that live in HUDSON., Looking for summer work? Akron Aeros are holding a job fair!, null, Those of you in the Akron area going through a rough time with Home Foreclosure should think about attending Council President Garry Moneypenny's Ward Meeting Tuesday Night (the 12th) at 6:30pm at the Goodyear Branch of the Akron Public Library, 60 Goodyear Library. His guest speaker is Michelle Colopy a Home Foreclosure Prevention Advocate, she works for a non profit agency. Very helpful with getting loans remodified and showing you the way to stay in your home when facing threats from the Banks. This Financial Crisis has hit a lot of people and she can help show you how to get back on your feet with your Mortgage Company and stay in your home. Please pass the word., Accident closes Interstate., Akron seeking nominations for Global Youth Service Awards., Mark Urycki did an amazing job with this story!, Accident at 176 and Innovation Way, expect delays...., Support our Aeros!, Congratulations to KAB's Paula Davis!, Akron Council wants to go paperless...., No Shadow, Spring around the corner?, Your Akron Weekly...., Oh Yes!  That's OUR ballpark!, null, Way to go Akron's own KAB President and CEO Paula Davis!, Charge your car downtown....

http://akronohio.gov/news_releases/Display.asp?RecNum=608, New Legislation proposed regarding transfer of property in Akron.
http://akronohio.gov/news_releases/Display.asp?RecNum=607, null, This is our New Akron Aeros!, Three new police officers sworn in by Mayor Plusquellic yesterday!  Congratulations to our new officers!, New investment in Canal Park!  , Ken Babby of the Akron Aeros is making a substantial investment in Canal Park.  Thank you Ken Babby!, We had a visitor!, Martin Luther King Day... a good time to revisit his famous speech., null, Akron to Plant More Cherry Trees Thanks to Grant from JANO, Your Akron Weekly...., Our offices will be closed on Monday, January 21, 2013 in observance of Martin Luther King Day., Curb Service delayed 1 day next week, no curb service on Monday., null, null, Mayor Plusquellic hanging out with Orbit., And the winner is?  Akron Children's Hospital Burn Unit!, Firefighter CHILI challenge today at Lock 3, 11:00 a.m., and more events this week... check it out!, Year-End Review of Crime in Akron - Decreases across the board., null, Assistant Chief of Police Named., The Tax Man Cometh.... CCA pursuing Akron taxpayers that failed to file City taxes., Akron ranked 5 in cities where home prices rose the most., Firehouse Chili Challenge Next Weekat Lock 3!, null, Happy New Year!  Have fun and be safe tonight.  If you need a free ride home, call 330-376-RIDE, Mayor's Travels Bring Investment to Akron.  Check out tomorrow's editorial about our Mayor and City., null, null, null, ATTENTION AKRON RESIDENTS!

The City of akron is applying for a Fire Prevention & Safety Grant. 

If you are an Akron resident please take just a few minutes and complete a very short survey. ( 8 Easy Questions) Your responses are completely anonymous and will only be used to assess community need.

Survey link: https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/HelpAkronFire

We appreciate your cooperation and wish everyone a Safe and Happy New Year!, The Akron Emergency Snow Parking ban has been LIFTED!, null, null, City of Akron issues an snow emergency parking ban., To our friends that celebrate, Merry Christmas!, null, null, Akron Global Business Accelerator's CEO Mike LeHere Retires., TubaChristmas.  That is all., null, Good Luck to all the candidates!, LeBron gives back to Akron school children...., null, Holiday Trash Schedule and Assistance., null, City wins prestigious budget award., null, Things are happening in Akron this week!, Water Shut-Off Moratorium, Get your nominations in for the Charles Salem Award!, Farmers' Market?  You Betcha!, null, City of Akron Holocaust Arts & Writing Contest -- Details!, null, The Holiday Market!, Did you hear?  More changes at the City...., Mayor Names New Planning Director.

http://akronohio.gov/news_releases/Display.asp?RecNum=593, null, More Changes at City Hall!, Hard to believe that tomorrow is his last day!, null, null, Akron's Chief of Staff/Deputy Mayor retiring.  He will be missed!, Slovenia's Center of Excellence PoliMaT opens up innovation headquarters in Akron's Global Business Accelerator., Modified Leaf Removal Schedule for the City of Akron., Game day!  Fill the hill!  Support our local men's soccer team - Our Champion Northeast Ohio Sports team!, Support our local men's soccer team.  FILL THE HILL!, Happy Thanksgiving to You!   Please note, that the City of Akron offices are closed on Thursday and Friday.  Have a safe and happy holiday weekend., Did you know?, Traffic Alert., Support Akron's Men's Soccer Team!  Fill the Hill!, Holiday Market at Lock 3!, Curb Service delayed for Thursday and Friday!, Lots going on downtown...., Don't miss your chance to see what it takes to meet the fitness level for the upcoming Akron Police exam. , School House Rock!, Wintertime in Downtown Akron.  Lock 3 is going to be hopping!, Your Akron Weekly......, Holidayfest at Lock 3, Go Akron Zips Men's Soccer!, Lock 3 Holiday Market Opening Soon!, Our deepest thanks and gratitude to the brave men and women who are serving - or have served - our country. Happy Veterans Day., Hiring!!!!!!, Akron Safety Job Fair, It is Election Day and we are encouraging all of our citizens to get out and exercise your right to vote!  

And, when you are done, vote for Gary and Luke, so Akron can win $500,000 for its dog park., PeaceMakers Host College Essay Writing Workshop., Please vote.  Akron could use a $500,000 dog park upgrade!, Travel Advisory: Avoid I76 East at Exit 26 (Market Street) due to a multiple vehicle crash. Expect delays., News Release - Storm Cleanup Update, Prepare for Storm.  Press Release., Special Ward Meeting Called -- Monday at 5:30., Akron Weekly----- have a booooo-tiful weekend!, ABJ spotlights the Aeros new Owner, Ken Babby!, Welcome to Akron Ken Babby!!!!, Please VOTE today for the Akron Dog Park Contestant.....Our dog park could win 1/2 Million Dollars!!!!!, Dog Park Event!  It's a blast!, Akron Weekly....., Akron's Global Business Accelerator Number 1 in Ohio, Beggars' Night in Akron on Saturday, October 27th!, Saturday is Akron's Big Day of Serving!, Summer Arts Experience Press Release!, Saturday's Press Conference re: Akron Aeros., null, Akron Beacon Journal today., null, Akron Aeros Sold!  Team to stay in Akron for at least the next 25 years!  Improvements to the stadium coming too!, Great Job APD!, Delay on 77N. Traffic crash.  , The City Reaches Agreements with ALL 4 UNIONS!  Great news for our City., Last week, Akron got three new officers!  Watch them take their oath of office., Watch Akron's newest officer take his oath of office., Akron's newest round of Police hires!  Welcome!, Congratulations to David Michael White, Akron's newest Police Officer!, Another great weekend in Akron!, Good Luck runners!  Akron is proud of you!, Downtown will be hopping tomorrow!
, Akron Changes the Way it Responds to Vicious Dog Attacks, Oath of Office to 3 New APD Officers!, null, Akron Mayor Don Plusquellic Greets the President of the United States!, null, Congratulations Akron Aeros!, null, Rubber City Gravity Games Coming to Akron!, Part 2 of Press Conference, discussing Tax Amnesty for Delinquent Individual Taxpayers, Part I of City of Akron Press Conference announcing the upcoming testing and hiring of approximately 40 police officers and 38 firefighters., Great addition to our already great City., Aeros All the Way!, Watch part of the announcement....., null, null, null, City seeks applicants to take entrance exam with the hopes of adding approximately 40 police officer positions and 38 firefighter positions., Delinquent Taxpayers --- relief is available in Akron!, Press Release!  Akron Police Go High-Tech to Catch Criminals., Your Akron Weekly....., Learn about Downtown Akron Restaurant Week , null, Big Weekend at Lock 3!, Grand Opening Event on Romig Road -- ActionLink. Congratulations Bruce Finn!, No Curb Service on Labor Day.  Services delayed one day, please read the attached advisory., Our own hometown hero.  , Pickle Making Contest Judges...., 10 Years of the Lock 3 Summer Arts Experience!, What's happening this week in Akron....., John Valle to Hold Office Hours at Community Centers in the Month of September., STOMP BIKE RIDE, Thank you Chrystin and Heidi for pushing us to 600!, Can we get two more "likes?"  Tell your friends to "Like" the city of Akron and get updated city news, events, and stories!, Director of Neighborhood Assistance to Hold Office Hours Next Week at the Firestone Park Community Center., Archie the Snowman coming to LOCK 3!, Highland Square Grocery Store Project to Get Federal Funds., Director of Neighborhood Assistance to Hold Office Hours in Community Centers Next Week., Fun Fact:  First person was in line at 6:00 a.m. to see the President speak today  - note, the doors open at 1:30 p.m., President to Visit Akron, expect road closings thoughout downtown., null, No. 1 Female Competitive Eater in the World Coming to the National Hamburger Festival!  She is challenging lreigning Champion and Akron Firefighter Matt Askea!, What's happening this weekend and next week in Akron!  Your Akron weekly...., An easy way to support our TOWPATH!, Teen Expo is Next Week!, Block Party!, Charter Change Proposed -- Four Year Election Cycles will Save Money, Teen Expo Time!, Check out Lock Bottom's newest edition taking form...., Water Main Break in East Akron, water may be discolored, avoid washing clothes but safe to drink., Way to Go David!, Congrats to the Akron Accelerator!, Your Akron Weekly...check it out., Leaders Rock the Lock -- this Friday, Join the 5K race!, Happy Birthday Senator John Glenn., Akron seeking a Veterans' Court!, Taste of Akron, Coming Soon!, Jazz and Gospel come to Downtown Akron - Lock 4., Soap Box Derby Week., Your Akron Weekly!, Dedication Ceremony honoring Susan L. Hamo.  John S. Knight Plaza now dedicated to a remarkable woman., null, Italian-American Festival starts at 11 a.m. Friday!  Also, the Market at Lock 3 will  be in full force.  Check it out!, Something to shoot for!  Rock the Lock 5K!, Listen to John Valle talk about the new Department of Neighborhood Assistance, It's back!  The exciting Heinz Poll Dance Festival!, There is no such thing as Obama paid Utility Bills, so say the Police., A Taste of Italy is coming to Akron...., What's happening this week!, Watch Akron Police Department make the National Nightly News for their use of social media to catch criminals., President Obama stops at Akron's Ann's Place for breakfast., Congratulations to Akron's Police Department --- APD made the NBC News tonight for their use of Youtube to catch criminals., West Market will be closed between Smith Rd & Ghent Rd starting tonight around 7:15pm until visiting President Obama completes his overnight stay in Fairlawn and leaves tomorrow morning.., Last nights fireworks in downtown Akron.  Tonight is the BIG SHOW!, Akron Fire Station No. 7 Thanks Girl Scout Troop 90160!, Downtown Rib, White and Blue Festival in the ABJ!, Happy Fourth of July!  Come downtown and enjoy the Rib, White and Blue festival.  Tonight there are FIREWORKS!  Be Safe!, Editorial about the fencing and its purpose.  Unfortunately it cannot save everyone.  The entire community and its resources must come together to help our struggling citizens., Akron provides Summer Breakfasts and Lunches for Qualified Children., Looking to add to our police and fire forces., New downtown restaurant!, No curb service on WEDNESDAY, JULY 4th....., Tonight at Lock 3!, City receives COPS grant to hire 12 police officers (veterans).  See Grant Letter., What's going on this week in Akron!, Calling all Akron Teens!  Akron PeaceMakers want YOU!, Job Fair at the Akron Urban League., Lock 3 Change of Schedule., Mayor Plusquellic and Governor O'Malley, Mayor Plusquellic and Governor (Maryland) O'Malley, Photos from today's Press Conference with Hydrogen Energy Systems., Part II of the Press Conference today--- Check it out!, Part I of the Press Conference today by Hydrogen Energy Systems -- Check out the new Hydrogen Powered engine --- AMAZING!, Watch Today's Press Conference --- FBI uncovers Indictment.  Sting brings 8 Count indictment; uncovers three drug conspiracies; money laundering; structuring; and nets 11 arrests, 1 still at-large.  7 indicted from Akron area; 2 from Canton; 3 from out of state., Today's Press Conference - Involta Grand Opening, Part II, Today's Involta Press Conference - Part I, Video of Press Conference -- Greenstar Recycling, Greenstar Recycling Grand Openining Event, Akron's new police officers., Akron has 9 new police officers...that makes 17 new officers sworn in just this year., null, Ribs, Music, and Fireworks, a perfect combination for the Fourth of July., Something to do downtown at lunchtime tomorrow!, All City Musical TONIGHT!!! Listen to cast members on Raymond Horner show., Your Akron Weekly...find out what's going on this week in Akron., Do Downtown, Akron that is...., May want to stop by Akron Children's Hospital around 11:30 today!, Housing Summit at Lock 3.  , Watch the Press Conference!  Rob Ross gets Sworn In as Fire Chief., Mayor Plusquellic administers Oath of Office to Fire Chief Rob Ross, And here are the winners of the High School Academic Challenge!  Firestone High School., Congratulations to Akron's Firestone High School!  , Soon it will be easier to catch the Metro at Chapel Hill..., Check out Derby Downs this weekend....., Very excited for this new facility right on Kenmore Boulevard!, Oath of Office...., Congratulations Chief Ross!, Akron's New Fire Chief!, Wednesday's press conference. Greenstar opens up a state-of-the-art single stream recycling facility in Akron, OH, Tribute to our Mayor.  Check it out if you haven't seen it!, Find out what's going on this week in your Akron Weekly....., Dowtown Akron is full of surprises!, Congratulations to Akron Officer Bassett, who was named Optimist Officer of the Year!, Are you the master of the grill?   Enter the Steak Cook-Off!, They are back and now they are banded!, Mason CLC Community Garden, check it out!, Here's a little more information about the great statue at Firestation 2....., Four very special guests and their families visited Akron City Council Monday night.  These Case Elementary second graders were ranked No. 2 in the Statewide Math Counts competition.  Congratulations to the students and their teacher,  8th Ward Councilwoman Marilyn Keith., Anyone know what firestation this is at?  Take a guess...., Please help Akron Police identify a suspect., Check out Lock 3....  10th year anniversary season kicks off tonight!, Grandparent/child Day at the All American Soap Box Derby --- Sign up now!, Press Conference on the Neighborhood Assistance Deparmtment and John Valle's new responsibilities., METRO Transfer Station Renamed for its Executive Director Bob Pfaff.  Watch the Press Conference...., This is good news!, New City Department, Neighborhood Assistance Department, announced.  John Valle tapped to be its Director., Akron Fire Department Receives Paid/Combination Agency of the Year, K-9 Challenge at Lock 3 this Saturday!  Come watch these spectacular teams in action., 10th Anniversary Season for Lock 3, Here is a schedule of events!, The City of Akron and 25 years of leadership with Mayor Don Plusquellic.  This is a MUST SEE video., Chief Nice answers question about the "no snitch" rule.  Says people are talking...., Mayor answers question at press conference about the "no snitch" rule.  Urges EVERYONE to talk to police with information, and to stop the violence in Akron., The rest of the press conference. Part II.
, Watch the entire Press Conference on Targeted Policing in Akron and the collaboration with the Sheriff's Department, the DEA, the FBI, ATF, and U.S. Marshals, among others.  Part I here.ht, Major Crime Crackdown.  Read about it here., $3 Million Dollar Grant Press Conference,  on You Tube., Akron receives $3 million grant from HUD for lead abatement.  Story attached., Green & Clean Day!, All American Baseball and Softball Parade, May 12 at 11:00 am
, Check out the GREEN FAIR this Friday, and Green and Clean Day!, Mayor Plusquellic celebrates Arbor Day at Miller South!, Akron Global Youth Service Winners being Honored Tonight, Statement of Mayor Don Plusquellic.  R.I.P John Ballard, Mayor of Akron, 1966-1980, Happy Birthday to the Akron Civic Theatre, Congratulations Akron-Canton Regional Foodbank!, APD arrest teens who were attempting to rob children., Akron police bust meth lab., Ambulance and SUV collide near Akron General Hospital, one killed., Woman crashes into Church in Akron., West Side shooting, no fatalities., Note from Councilman Jeff Fusco:

"Akron At Large" is a series of community meetings planned to inform,engage and improve Akron's neighborhoods. I will be hosting these meetings that will begin at East Community Learning Center, 80 Brittain Rd., April 24 at 6:30. Kristen Scalise Summit County Fiscal Officer will discuss the functions of her office. APD will talk about Meth Labs., Clean Up Akron Week starts Saturday!, Good Job APD., Old Firestone Headquarters in the ABJ., From the ABJ on the new green initiatives...., The City of Akron, County of Summit, the Greater Akron Chamber, Keep Akron Beautiful and Downtown Akron Partnership, going GREENer for the good of our community., null, Akron Weekly...events happening, in your town!, RIP Liberty and thank you for your service to the citizens of Akron., Press Release:  New Business Awards Program, plus 3 other upcoming GREEN events., Today's "Green" Press Conference about the new Summit of Sustainability.  Check it out!, Don't miss this!, Maple Street Closed through Thursday/Lane Restriction on I--76/US 224 eastbound, This movie should be seen in every school.  But until then, let's bring it to our Akron students.  Please vote to bring Bully to Akron., Recycle Day...., Downtown Akron Events in April!, Harvest for Hunger - Singing Contest comes to Akron!, Message from Superintendent David James., Cans for Ca$h has started in Akron!, Press Release:  Bureau of Worker's Compensation recognizes the City of Akron at Award Ceremony., null, null, Akron has amazing talent in all areas.  , Deadline to Enter Art Expo is tomorrow., News Release: Akron Named Tree City USA, again!, Congratulations Gert Wilms, Akron's new Chief Prosecutor., Press Release: New City Chief Prosecutor Named, Press Release: FirstEnergy is New Title Sponsor of All-American Soap Box Derby, FirstEnergy i the new Title Sponsor for the All-American Soap Box Derby!, Help Akron see BULLY!  Please vote., Press Release: More Cherry trees coming to downtown Akron., The Akronist discusses the Downtown Akron New Commercial Recycling Program!
, Mayor Don Plusquellic is asking Representatives Vernon Sykes, Tim Ryan, and Betty Sutton to help pass the #TransportationBill before it expires Saturday.  The construction season is now upon us.  Pass this legislation so Northeast Ohio, and especially Akron, can create jobs and move forward with needed projects in our City!, null, Today's News Conference: Video, Press Release:  City collaborates with Downtown Akron Partnership and dowtown businesses to start new commercial recycling in downtown Akron., Press Release: Cash for Cans Contest - Akron PeaceMakers Collect Cans in the Month of April, ALL CITY musical!, Press Release:  City Planning Commission Approves Option to Purchase City-owned Property --- former Bridgestone Technical Center and Club House.
, Press Conference- Akron Water Department turns 100 years old!  Akron celebrated with the NIHF-STEM learners!, Press Release: Akron Water Department celebrates 100 years with Akron's STEM learners.  , Avoid White Pond/77 Northbound,  Let's clean up our community during the Great American Cleanup. , Traffic Alert for Glenwood Avenue., Check this out and sign up!, Come on Akron, a few more votes and we can overtake Boston!, Where will you watch March Madness?, Deputy Service Director John Valle talks snow and ice., Congratulations to the three Akron Police Officers who received the Red Cross' Acts of Courage Award!, Congratulations to our Award Winning Firefighters!  We are proud of the work you do for our citizens., The City partners with Israel.  Hear Mayor Plusquellic explain...., What's going on in Akron this week...., Watch Mayor Don Plusquellic talk about Akron and its relationship with Israel. This speech was shown to 13,000 attendees at the AIPAC convention in Washington this week., Nobody hurt...., City seeking applicants for lead remediation grants., Akron Ranks Sixth "Top Metros of 2011", Downtown construction work., If you didn't catch it live, you can watch it here: Mayor's State of the City Address., null, Akron Weekly.....what's happening in and around Akron this week., Full text of Mayor Don Plusquellic's State of the City Address. A record 700 people attended this great event!, News Net 5 reports on the State of the City too., Akron Beacon Journal reports on the State of City...., About the State of the City...., Tonight you can watch the Mayor and other City officials, including Abraham Wescott, LIVE on WEWS News Channel 5 in a roundtable discussion on housing.  Be sure to tune in!, Did you know that today is Doug Powley Day in the City of AKron?  Wishing Doug the best in his retirement., null, null, Akron's Chief Prosecutor, Doug Powley, retiring., Police Update on July Homicide - Arrests made., Our hearts are heavy.  Prayers to the families in Chardon., Please consider donating pet food or kitty litter throughout the month of March!, City of Akron Booth at Home and Garden Show, Home and Flower Show...., Downtown Akron Partnership, check out what they do!, Israel Trip a Success., There is a LOT going on this week in Akron....check it out!, A Girl's Guide to Coffee., Water Pollution Control Station information., null, Here is what's happening this week in Akron...., No soup for you!, Congratulations to the 8 new Akron Police Officers., Yes!, Good job Councilman Jeff Fusco, leading the effort to stop the Akron post office closing!, Something to do downtown tonight...., There will be no day delays of trash/recycle collection the week of Monday, February 20th (President’s Day). Normal curbservice will occur on President’s Day and the rest of that week., To those who celebrate, Happy Valentines Day!, New Medical Office Complex planned for White Pond Drive., null, Snow Emergency Parking Ban starts tomorrow, Sunday, Feb. 12th at 6:00 a.m.  Please remove your parked cars from the street!, Mayor administers oath of office to 8 new police officers., Here's what's happening around town!, null, Chief Nice recognizes Officers with at least 25 years of service!, What do you guys think about this?, This City READS!, Walk Downtown!, Congrats to APD with 25 years and thank you to Chief Nice., Yost pronounces City's accounting plan "workable.", Lock 3 Sets Attendance Record!, Road Closure...., See what's happening in Akron this week...., Listen to Customer Service Manager John Eaton discuss pit bulls in Akron., Mayor speaks at press conference on new tax collection effort, tax amnesty, and police anti-violence unit, among other things...., News Release: City Files Unfair Labor Practice Charge Against FOP, Enhanced Collection Efforts -- Tax Amnesty Program, Good news again Akron!, City seeks HUD funds for Highland Square Grocery Store., This was a very moving event., News Release: Trailblazer Signs Point the Way , Holocaust Arts and Writing Contest Deadline Tomorrow., Take advantage of the Akron Summit Earned Income Tax Credit Program., Go Akron!  Akron is one of the Top 5 promising real estate markets., null, Mock City Council Meeting, Nice article about a true Akron hero., Avoid I-76 in the Central Interchange Akron, null, Today, Akron lost a true hero.  Rest In Peace Officer Frank Mancini., RIP Shane., City of Akron is seeking nominations for Global Youth Service Day!, City's Public Works Manager addresses plowing concerns. A local plow driver also wrote to the editor, see what he has to say too.
, Akron Beacon Journal reports on the City's Long Term Control Plan., Article on AkronNewsNow about the City's Long Term Control Plan., Power outage in Ellet., Upcoming events....., null, null, null, null, Community Center Re-Opens Tomorrow!, null, Earned Income Tax Credit Information - Press Conference!, Check out events happening in Akron this week...., Part II of the Press Conference...., Akron Biomedical Corridor welcomes Apto Orthopedics!, null, null, Lock 3 featuring Ice Carving this weekend!, Grand Opening of Rochling!  Watch the event now!, null, One day curb service delay next week., Summit Lake Community Center Closed., City responds to the State Auditor., null, null, null, Mayor Plusquellic asks local churches to ring their bells!, null, null, Please be careful., null, null, null, 7th term for Plusquellic!, Don't drink and drive tonight.  Get your free Ride Home on New Years Eve instead.  If you need a free ride home from a Summit County bar or restaurant, you can call (330) 376-RIDE for City Yellow Cab's Life Ride service. They will be operating from 5:00 p.m. through 3:00 a.m. on New Year's Eve., null, Happy New Year!, null, Oath of Office, Remarks, Akron Weekly....Happy New Year!, Watch Mayor Plusquellic take his oath of office!, null, null, Akron's Christkindl market gets a shout out!, Firefighter's Chili Challenge Coming to Lock 3!, City to allow boxes and wrappings to be set out with trash!, Good things happen in Akron!, null, null, Good morning!  City offices are OPEN today., Coming to First Night!, null, null, No Curb Service on Monday, December 26th.  One day delay for remainder of week., null, null, The Akron police are working with many agencies to capture the suspects in this week's homocides.  Today, one suspect was caught., Statement by Mayor Don Plusquellic, A night of Jazz...., Five more months to save the post office...., Still no charge for residents using EMS services., null, Nominations being sought for the 20th Annual Charles Salem Humanitarian Award.  , null, The Ten Best Cities to Find a Job -- Akron Number TWO!, The Fiscal Times ranked the 100 largest metro areas in the U.S. by the rate of new job generation over the past year. Akron was in the TOP 10! Yes, Akron, Looking for something to do this weekend?  Try the Holiday Market at Lock 3!, The Beacon Journal highlights a successful Akron business and businessman!, New restaurant coming to downtown!, null, null, null, null, Happy Thanksgiving!, 25 new police officers, Akron to hire 25 new POLICE OFFICERS!, Happy Thanksgiving and enjoy this week's events!, null, Home Builders Association and Akron Board of Realtors Press Conference  - Funeral for a Fiend (the Housing Crisis).  Mayor Don Plusquellic announces a new housing development at Guinther Elementary., Home Builders Association Ground Breaking --Funeral for a Fiend (Housing Crisis), 80 Akron homeowners get new smoke detectors!, null, Council to vote on Supporting Akron's After School Programming., Holiday Lighting Spectacular!, Things to do in Downtown Akron this week!, null, null, null, null, Upcoming Events in Akron!, Lots of activities at Lock 3! Check it out!, Akron Fire Department Rating Improved!, Don't forget...., null, Check it Out! New Senior Community Center Coming to Kenmore., Video of the Swearing in ceremony today...., null, http://akronohio.gov/news_releases/Display.asp?RecNum=476, null, Watch the Mill Street Bridge go up....., This will be a sight to see!, null, Happy November, 11/1/11, To those who celebrate, be safe and have a Happy Halloween!, null, null, null, http://www.akronohio.gov/News_Releases/Display.asp?RecNum=473, null, Today's Press Conference -- Ohio & Erue Canal Towpath Ribbon Cutting, Ribbon Cutting Ceremony Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath in Akron, Today's Press Conference, Towpath Ribbon Cutting , You can now subscribe to cityofakron on YouTube and watch all of the City's press conferences, shortly after they happen.  Get connected, Stay informed!, null, null, Watch his press conference on youtube!, Dedication Ceremony Tomorrow!, October 25, 2011

Starting TODAY at 9:00 AM, Glenwood Avenue will be closed between Dayton Street and Howard Street between 9:00 AM and 3:00 PM for repairs to the underside of the All-America Bridge above the street.  Daily closures will occur through November 8, 2011.  

Westbound Glenwood is detoured via Dayton Street, Tallmadge Avenue and Howard Street.  Eastbound detoured via Howard, North and Dan Streets.
., Improvements Coming...., null, null, The City of Akron also endorsed this issue at City council!, Congratulations Coach Porter, you make Akron proud!, null, The City of Akron will now be posting their press conferences on facebook and youtube, and a link on Twitter.  Follow us on YouTube., null, null, Happy Halloween, Stay Safe., Obama Administration Official & Mayor Plusquellic
Visit Akron Global Business Accelerator, Talk American Jobs Act
, null, null, Israeli medical technology start-up company to establish North American Headquarters in Akron!   Thank you Joe Kanfer, Mayor Plusquellic, Neil Wyant, Zev Gurion, Ilene Shapiro, and Bob Johnson for your dedication to Akron!, null, State Audit Press Release., Trick or Treat in Akron, More good news...., Friday's News Release, null, null, null, Desiree Bolden and LeBron James talking about Wheels for Education...., Check Out MSNBC at 11:15 for  an interview with Desiree Bolden and Lebron James about Wheels for Education!, Akron 311, How can I help you?
, Thank you Keep Akron Beautiful for the reminder!, null, 1/2 Marathon Winner, Akron 1/2 Marathon winner , null, Akron's award winning after school program!, Everything you need or want to know about the Akron Marathon is here!  Please go out and cheer on our runners!, Here is a new weekly newsletter with upcoming Akron events.  Hope you enjoy.  , null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Reminder about the commemorative ceremony today.... , Proud of OUR town, Akron., null, On the right path...., null, 150,000 sq foot facility, and 200 new jobs!, null, Check out Akron...., null, APD gets Federal Grant!, Interesting site...., New Press Release today, 9/7/11., null, null, null, null, null, null, Thanks Downtown Akron Partnership for some great downtown Akron photos!, Yes, its true. This is just one of the several parking options downtown for our visitors!   More on-street parking, and free two-hour parking for the next several weeks!   , Market at Lock 3 today, fresh produce from your local farms!  Home grown in Ohio. , 50 and Over the Hill!  Come to Derby Downs and watch Akron's Active Adults race down the Derby Hill!  , Press Conference Today....Executive Russ Pry, Mayor Genet, and Mayor Plusquellic all shared good news about their collaboration., FYI, Mill Street is closed today due to a water main break.  It will re-open as soon as the break is repaired., Linking Downtown with the University....., Downtown Akron is hot, hot, hot this weekend!, The largest tire manufacturer in China, bringing in more than $3 Billion in annual sales, opens up their American Headquarters in Akron, Ohio!, HISTORIC SIGNING CEREMONY ON ESTABLISHING THE FRIENDLY COOPERATIVE-CITIES RELATIONSHIP AGREEMENT.

, On Thursday, August 4, Deion Sanders was at Ellet High School.  Three of Deion’s youth football teams (ages 9 & under; 11 & under; 13 & under) played three teams of the same ages from the Akron Chargers. The Chargers are an Akron based youth football group on the west side of Akron. Mayor Plusquellic was on hand to welcome the Sanders’ group who travelled by bus from Dallas, Texas to play here in Akron prior to Deion’s enshrinement in the Pro Football Hall of Fame in Canton. , Hamburger Festival Starts on Saturday!!!!, http://www.ci.akron.oh.us/News_Releases/Display.asp?RecNum=448, Akron Beacon Journal, News Briefs.  , Akron Beacon Journal Article., Fox 8 News reports...., Have you gone to any Lock 3 concerts this year?  Tell me about your favorite...., More good press on this fantastic news!, null, Another new company, with new jobs coming to Akron., New company, MINIMUM 45 new "green" jobs!, We reached 200 fans.  Thanks everyone., Go Akron!, Akron's PeaceMakers Teen Expo!, Akron Ranked 3rd Nationally in Manufacturing Job Growth., More infected mosquitoes., Six mosquitoes carrying the West Nile virus have been captured in Akron.  Read Press Release here...  , Alice Cooper Downtown......, News release
, Cascade Locks event., null, null, null, Statement of the Mayor., Another mosquito with West Nile Virus captured....
, null, null, null, null, Mosquito Spraying Schedule., Mayor Don Plusquellic's travel is worth it!, Check this video out -- Plusquellic on International Travel.  From this week's press conference.
 http://t.co/O7HmCQa via @youtube, Mason Park - Sprite Sparks Park - Press Release, Follow the City of Akron, Ohio on Twitter!, Mason Park Renovation going on today with a generous check from Sprite.  30 local Coca Cola and Habitat for Humanity volunteers are installing the equipment.  Press Event today at 1:00., National Night Out, August 2!  New Press Release. http://www.ci.akron.oh.us/news_releases/Display.asp?RecNum=437, Mayor Plusquellic attended the launch of Lockheed-Martin's High Altitude Airship early this morning, with his stepfather Mel Channel (left) who worked at the former Goodyear Aircraft/Aerospace company for over 37 years until retiring. The High Altitude Airship is an unmanned aerostat-type lighter-than-air-craft that may eventually provide the U.S Army with a communications and surveillance platform at 60,000 feet. The "demonstrator" launched at Akron Municipal Airport this morning, was assembled inside the historic airdock, and will be aloft for a number of days to test the concept of the solar-powered vehicle. Both the City of Akron and Summit County, along with the Summit County Port Authority have provided funding for the project infrastructure, which has brought high-paying technical jobs to the facility with the possibility of many more such jobs in the future., New Downtown Hotel Owner.  Press Release 7/26/11.  , Ohio.com reporting.... http://www.ohio.com/news/break-news/akron-mayor-releases-analysis-he-says-shows-value-of-his-travel-1.226641#, WKSU reports...., The Mayor's International Travel...what does it mean to you?  New Press Release., Mayor Seeks to Move Vane-Sorin Development.  Press Release 7/25/11, Press conference tomorrow at 11.  Check this page afterwards to see the press release., Another Press Release Today!  Mosquito Spraying!, New Press Release ---- 7/2/11----Update on Flooding Efforts.  , New Press Release 7/22/11  Lock 3 Summer Arts Experience, New Press Release 7/21/11, null, null, Want to follow Akron on TWITTER?  Then click HERE!, I will also be posting my "Akron Weekly" email that goes out to City of Akron employees here.  It tells you of upcoming events in Akron.  Look for it later today!, ALL of the City's Press Releases can be found on our website.  I will be posting NEW releases to facebook, so check back often!, New Press Release.  )