List(It's official- A MANO will be featured this Saturday on the Phantom Gourmet! Make sure to tune in at 11am Saturday, Your requests have been overwhelming and now one of our most popular pasta dishes of all time is making a comeback! Raviolo al'Uovo- ricotta raviolo with a soft egg yolk over wild mushrooms with a black truffle & red wine sauce. It's on the menu tonight!, We will be closed tonight for the holiday. Sorry for any inconvenience. Enjoy the holiday weekend. See you at A MANO Tuesday night!, It's the last day of Restaurant Week, so tonight is your last chance to take advantage of this great menu and great deal. Plus, come in and check out the new pasta dish coming onto the menu tonight! Beer, wine, cocktails, and great food., Only 3 days left to take advantage of our restaurant week menu! With favorites off the regular menu, a few special additions, and a three course or a four course option, you can't go wrong. Doors open at 5!, It's a good day to let someone else do the cooking. We will be serving our regular menu as well as our restaurant week menu . See you soon. #salem #restaurantweek #madebyhand, Restaurant Week kicks off tonight! We have some favorites on the menu and some amazing additions. Door opens at 5....here is a sneak preview..., Restaurant week starts this Sunday! Call now to make your reservation and enjoy this great deal at A MANO!, What a beautiful day for our "Think Spring" wine pairing. There is still some room tonight so call us and come in for some great wine and fantastic food to pair with it. 🌸🍷, Those of you who have come before, you know how fantastic our wine pairings are.  Katherine does a great job. For those of you that haven't, here is another chance. Our "Think Spring!" Wine pairing is this Wednesday the 9th of March. 4 wines paired with four bites. Come for an appetizer before hand, stay for dinner after, or just come for wine. We will see you then 🍷, Our good friends at Gentile Brewing in Beverly are celebrating the Grand Opening of their tap room. Head down, taste some beer and wish them luck, but if you aren't able to get there swing by A MANO as we'll be pouring their Blond Ale on tap tonight!, Spring restaurant week starts next Sunday! Celebrate the end of winter with a great deal!, If you're in the mood for pizza, you're in luck. It's Wednesday which means buy one pizza and you get another free. See you soon!, Join Katherine for our next Wine Pairing at A Mano Italian Kitchen- "Think Spring!"
March 9th at 6 PM.  Call to reserve a seat 9787440062, Making spaghetti in the kitchen, Buy a pizza, get a pizza free tonight at A MANO. Of course there are delicious appetizers, pasta, and amazing desserts too. See you tonight., In the kitchen making some toffee puddings for tonight. Happy Friday!, A huge thank you to James Reed and the Boston Globe for such a nice review of A MANO! Come in tonight and try everything that was featured in the review and taste for yourself., We've got some spectacular specials tonight!
Ricotta Crostino
Wild Mushroom Risotto 
Chitarra Nero, We want to hear from you. What's your favorite dish or cocktail at A MANO? Leave us a comment!, In the mood for something romantic tonight? This is the heartbreaker. 
Happy Valentine's Day, Time's running out! We still have a few reservations available for Sunday, but you need to call 978-744-0062 soon!, Wednesday winter special!, It's Wednesday! That means it's buy one get one free pizza night at A MANO! Come in and eat in the dining room, the bar, or the lounge, and if you order a pizza, you'll get a second one free. 🍕🍕
See you at 5, Don't feel like cooking tonight? Let us do it for you. We open at five for dinner., We are closed today for the Super Bowl. Have fun with your families today, and we will see you Tuesday!, On top of your usual favorites, come in and see what great specials Chef Tony has for you tonight.  Doors open at 5!, What better way to warm up on a day like this than with a glass of wine and some fresh pasta. We open at five tonight for dinner., Phantom Gourmet spent some time in the kitchen with Tony making pasta.  They will be filming in our dining room tonight.  Come in and try our amazing hand made pastas and see if they stop by your table tonight!  Here are some photos from their time in the kitchen today!, Phantom Gourmet is here filming tonight! Come on down and try to get on TV!, Our monthly wine tasting series takes place again tonight! Join us at 6pm for a tasting of chocolate and wine. We'll pair four wines with four tastes that incorporate chocolate. It won't all be sweet, though as chef Tony has some surprising savory uses for chocolate as well! See you at 6., Here's your chance to possibly be on TV! Phantom Gourmet will be here on Thursday shooting a segment that will feature A MANO Italian Kitchen! They'll be filming in the dining room at about 5:30 and we'd love to have all of you here. Hey, you might even get on TV!, We have 2 fabulous handmade  pasta specials for tonight! Ricotta gnocchi with broccoli rabe, sausage & a little peperoncino and a lasagne of fresh pasta layered with meat sauce, balsamella & Parmesan. 
Doors open at 5., null, It's Wednesday and we're offering our popular "buy one, get one" pizza special! Dine in, at the bar or dining room. Every Wednesday. See you tonight!, Thank you to the Boston Globe for visiting A MANO!
Now you know where to have dinner tonight after the Pats game!, Ok everyone, it's official. This snow storm is going to be a dud. Less than 2 inches of snow expected. So no need to stay indoors this weekend. Get out and get warm at A MANO. If you haven't been to A MANO yet read what North Shore Magazine had to say
http://www.nshoremag.com/January-February-2016/salems-italian-pizza-kitchen/, After weeks of testing, here's the newest addition to our menu- the classic tiramisu! Espresso and rum soaked ladyfingers, mascarpone and cocoa., Winter blues special! Buy one pizza get one free. Join us every Wednesday night for this comforting deal! Just mention this post to claim the goodness.., What better way to warm up on such a cold night than with our fresh handmade lasagne with a rich meat sauce and parmigiano. Get in here tonight and try it before we sell out!, null, Don't forget our monthly wine tasting series continues Wednesday at 6pm with "Italian Cheeses and Wine". 
Spots are still available so call now to reserve., Thank you so much to North Shore Magazine for such a nice write up of A MANO!
http://www.nshoremag.com/January-February-2016/salems-italian-pizza-kitchen/, Just incase you were wondering... We are open tonight!, There are still a few reservations left for New Year's Eve. Come ring in the new year at A MANO. We'll be offering our a la carte menu and a menu of specials for that evening., Another classic that we're offering this weekend- tortelli in brodo. Stuffed with chicken, mortadella & parmigiano in a rich chicken broth., Tonight we have a fantastic grilled ribeye with roasted potatoes & grilled asparagus and of course we always have our warm toffee pudding!, A MANO Italian Kitchen is the perfect place for your next private event! Whether it be a holiday party, business meeting, wedding rehearsal or even wedding reception, we can tailor a menu to fit your taste and budget. From small intimate gatherings of 15 guests to larger events. We can offer a seated meal or cocktail reception. Evening functions or luncheons are available. Call now to let us help with planning your special event 978 744 0062., Now that lunch time is over, its time to start planning for dinner! Check out A MANO Italian Kitchen and try our roasted beets with whipped ricotta and pistachio or the crostini misti. Grilled ciabatta with buffalo mozzarella, white bean & rosemary puree and roasted red pepper & fennel crostini., Tonight starts our Wine Tasting Series!
Join us tonight, December 9th @ 6pm for a Holiday Cocktail tasting.
Learn to make festive holiday cocktails with sparkling wine and champagne that are sure to wow your guests! Call 978-744-0062 to reserve your spot!, Here's our pasta price list and a few more details- we do request a preorder for pasta (if possible). We're here each and everyday rolling our fresh pasta by hand and with a preorder we can ensure that your order will be part of that morning's production. You can order by calling the restaurant or via email- Tony@amanoitaliankitchen.com  .  If you can't preorder, that's totally fine, we have pasta on hand for service but may have to limit the amount we can sell depending on the night. Thank you, A MANO'S Wine Tastings premier is tomorrow, Wednesday December 9th at 6pm! Up first, specialty holiday sparkling cocktails, featuring four sparkling wines from around the globe. Call to book a seat, can't wait to see you all!, Rumor has it chef Tony cured his own mortadella for the weekend! You definitely want to try this. Perfect with a glass of wine tonight., Here's our pasta price list and a few more details- we do request a preorder for pasta (if possible). We're here each and everyday rolling our fresh pasta by hand and with a preorder we can ensure that your order will be part of that morning's production. You can order by calling the restaurant or via email- Tony@amanoitaliankitchen.com  .  If you can't preorder, that's totally fine, we have pasta on hand for service but may have to limit the amount we can sell depending on the night. Thank you, We're so happy to announce that you can now buy our A MANO Pomodoro sauce and Bolognese Sauce! These make great gifts or just take them home and make a traditional Italian dinner in just minutes. You can even buy our hand made pasta! Call the restaurant for details or ask your server next time you're in., Come in tonight to try this fantastic pork chop Milanese- lightly breaded, pan fried and finished with fresh lemon juice & parmigiano ! Don't miss out get here tonight before they sellout!, We're so excited to get the word out about our fantastic pizzas that we have a special offer for you tonight! Buy one, get one! That's right, buy one pizza and get a second one free! Have 2 of the same or mix and match. You choose. See you tonight!

(Dine in only), 'Tis the season to give the gift that's always in good taste- a gift certificate to A MANO Italian Kitchen! you can purchase in person or order online! http://www.amanoitaliankitchen.com/gift-certificates/, A MANO'S Wine Tastings premier Wednesday December 9th at 6pm! Up first, specialty holiday sparkling cocktails, featuring four sparkling wines from around the globe. Call to book a seat, can't wait to see you then!, Last week of restaurant week! Call us for a reservation. 978-744-0062
http://amanoitaliankitchen.com/restaurant-week/, For all of you who have been asking, here's our restaurant week menu- http://amanoitaliankitchen.com/restaurant-week/, Don't forget this Sunday is the first night of restaurant week! Sunday through Thursday we'll be offering a great 3 course set menu for $28. Call today for reservations.http://www.salem-chamber.org/restaurant-week, Come and celebrate Boston Interiors' new store makeover!
Check out their amazing new look while sampling some of  A Mano's most popular antipasti., Halloween is over!! Thank you to everyone who helped to make it a great season. Next up- Salem Restaurant week! Check it out here- http://www.salem-chamber.org/restaurant-week., We're in the home stretch of Haunted Happenings! A MANO will be open for lunch today and tomorrow at 12 o'clock. Come to Salem and celebrate Halloween and stop in for lunch or dinner!, We're official now- had our ribbon cutting with Mayor Driscoll! So thankful to be a part of the Salem restaurant community., Tagliatelle in the making! #amano, Saturday night smackdown!, Potato gnocchi prep...https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B6FB3LfInWh6Vi1yZktBSmJra3M/view?usp=docslist_api, Its going to be a beautiful fall afternoon here in Salem and we'll be opening for lunch both today and tomorrow at 12 o'clock. Come in and try us out!, Just another day rolling out pasta.. #handmadepasta, http://www.nshoremag.com/A-MANO-Italian-Kitchen-Pizzeria-Opens-in-Salem/, Our website is up! Still adding to it everyday but you can now see the menu online. http://amanoitaliankitchen.com/
For now our hours are the same as when we were 62. Tuesday thru Sunday and we'll be serving lunch on Saturdays and Sundays in October. If you wouldn't mind, help spread the word!, null, null, null, Nice little mention in Eater Boston today
http://boston.eater.com/2015/10/13/9520889/a-mano-italian-kitchen-salem-62-wine-bar, Some of our hand rolled pasta- come in today and try one, or maybe a little bit of all of them., "Out with the old"...
Thanks for the memories., A MANO menu session. 
Remember, opening Saturday!
Getting nervous., Finally! 
Introducing A MANO Italian Kitchen & Pizzeria.
We'll be opening next Saturday featuring honest, soulful Italian cooking from Chef Tony Bettencourt. Our emphasis will be on handmade pasta, simple antipasti and pizza. 
Stay tuned for our menu & website. I'm so excited to go back to my roots of true Italian cooking. See you next week!, Stay tuned for updates and photos..., A MANO. An exciting new restaurant coming soon to Salem, MA.)