List(We will be closing this evening from 6pm until 10pm for this private fundraising event with the folks at Parent Talk. We will be reopening our doors to the public at 10pm for some eats off our regular menu until 11pm then our late night pub menu until midnight. Catch our Saturday live music featuring Nonplussed with no cover from 10pm to closing!, For a limited time, at the Biltmore Bar and Grill we have a variety of  Ballast Point beers... Mango Even Keel, Grunion Pale Ale, and Pineapple Sculpin.
If you haven't tried Ballast Point yet... come on over!, Today's special at the Biltmore Bar and Grill 
Spicy Creamy Mussels. 
White wine sauce, Andouille Sausage, garlic, tomatoes & a side of Garlic Bread, Always a great show, Our newest sibling and exciting news about another family member as well! Go TNRG Boston!, Morgan White Improv Trivia tonight! 7pm in the Biltmore bar.
Get your thinking caps on to win some cool schwag., Dessert is served! German Chocolate cake or chocolate mousse you choose!, Dessert is served! German Chocolate cake or chocolate mousse you choose!, Fourth course Jerk Chicken with curried rice! Pairs perfectly with the sculpin IPA!, 3rd course Shrimp Skewer over arugula salad with pickled onions and honey vinaigrette paired with ginger big eye!, 3rd course Shrimp Skewer over arugula salad with pickled onions and honey vinaigrette paired with ginger big eye!, Course two. Stilton cheese and andouille sausage!, Course two. Stilton cheese and andouille sausage!, Welcome beer to start off our Ballast Point dinner pairing! Stayed tuned for course by course playbook!, Today's Menu Item is Misty Point, VT oysters. Come in today and tomorrow for $1 oysters starting at 4 PM! #menuitemmonday, Today's menu Iitem is Misty Point, VT oysters. Come in Mon & Tues for $1 oysters starting @  4 PM! #menuitemmonday, Sunday Funday photo booth at the Biltmore with my minions!!! Love them!, Check out the awesome art at our sister restaurant Local 149 in South Boston as they prepare for their reopening! Looking pretty sweet Southie!, Meet Sammy, our Staff member of the Week at The Biltmore Bar & Grill. (Sammy recently was promoted from hostess to server)

Q: If you were to explain your personality through a drink, what would it be and why?
A: The Biltmore Heater, (our cocktail of the moment) because it is sweet, but has a kick to it.... just like me!

Q: How did you get your start in the restaurant industry? How long have you've been at The Biltmore?
A: A friend of mine was working in a restaurant and told me about a hosting position, which is also the job I started with here at The Biltmore, about 8 months ago. 

Q: Tell us about a great experience you've had here at the Biltmore.
A: The overall experience here is such a family environment, not only with the rest of the staff... but with all the guests I meet. I cannot pick just one!

Q: What is your favorite item on the menu?
A: Without question.... it is the Gobbler sandwich, a side of fries or mashed potatoes make it even better., Still some time to book a reservation for our Easter dinner specials.Spiral Ham with mashed potatoes and sauteed veggies. Also featuring Grilled Shrimp over rice and garlicky spinach. Feeling like brunch we always have a brunch menu and brunch specials like Mama Jos French Toast Supreme Breakfast 3 slices of griddle texas toast with strawberries and whipped cream, two eggs how you like em with, breakfast potatoes, choice of meat and side of toast. Wow I'm in are you! There might just be some special chocolate love around the house as well., Jodi is as cool as a cucumber and so is this drink!, Make your reservation while you can for this dinner! It is sure to be a blast!  Monday March 28th at 7pm
#BallastPointBrewingCompanyBeerDinner at #thebiltmorebargrill

Welcome Brew : Ballast Point Pineapple Sculpin IPA 7%abv

Starter: Mango Even Keel Session Ale 3.8%abv
Stilton & Andouille Sausage Plate

1st:  Big Eye IPA with Ginger Root 7%abv
Seafood Spring Roll
stuffed with crab & shrimp topped with a sweet & spicy sauce

2nd: Grunion Pale Ale 5.5%abv
Grilled Shrimp Skewer
over an arugula salad with pickled onions & honey vinaigrette

3rd: Sculpin IPA 7%abv
Jerk Chicken Wings over curry rice

Dessert: Victory at Sea Imperial Porter 10%abv
Mini German Chocolate Cake
Chocolate Mousse

Aperitif: Ballast Point Opah Herbal Liqueur
$55 per person
Doees not include tax & gratuity
Book your seats 617.527.2550, Working the room with these cats at the spring tasting at the Newton Marriot!!, We're so excited for tonight's Chamber Taste of Newton & Needham event! We hope to see you there!, Meet Ben, our Staff member of the Week at The Biltmore Bar & Grill. Ben is 20 years old, and is currently a food runner.

Q: If you were to explain your personality through a drink, what would it be and why?
A: I'd say that i am a tall drink of water. (Ben is 6'5")

Q: How did you get your start in the restaurant industry? How long have you've been at The Biltmore?
A: This is my first restaurant job, but so far it's been great.

Q: Tell us about a great experience you've had here at the Biltmore.
A: Once I brought a Chocolate Mousse to an elderly couple and they thought I made it. That made me feel pretty good.

Q: What is your favorite item on the menu?
A: The nachos are top notch!, Tonight at 9pm! Don't miss this band!!, Boiled dinner and $5 Guinness pints while they last. Celebrate St. Patrick’s with the Biltmore Bar & Grille!!!, Happy St. Patrick's Day from all of us here at The Biltmore Bar & Grille!, THIS is reason enough to spend St. Paddy's Day with us at The Biltmore Bar & Grill
Guinness bread pudding, talk about Luck of the Irish, you'll be the lucky one when you finish your Brisket W/ Cabbage with this delicious dessert., Here is our St. Patrick's Day lineup at the Biltmore Bar and Grill...
4pm - Dave Anthony (From the Nemes) https://www.facebook.com/nemesband/
6pm - Greg Adams 
https://www.facebook.com/gregadamsmusic/?fref=nf
8pm - Morgan White Improv Trivia
It all starts TOMORROW at 4pm!, Find me if can and win a special prize from Harpoon & The Biltmore! Don’t forget to mention the post if you find me!, Be the first to find me and get a bar snack for free when you mention seeing this post!, Thought I saw a leprechaun go through the kitchen earlier today. Hmmmm! Where could he be hiding???? Stay tuned for your first clue in finding the hidden leprechaun..., Come on down tomorrow for #MarchMadness and get a FREE order of wings with the purchase of a Bucket O' Beers!  Fill out your bracket as you wash down your beer and watch the games!, Who says you can't have dessert first? Try our Fried Fluffer with Peanut Butter and Fluff! #MenuItemMonday, Meet Eamon, our Staff member of the Week at The Biltmore Bar & grill.

Q: If you were to explain your personality through a drink, what would it be and why?
A: I'm not 21 yet, so a virgin Moscow Mule so I can pretend I'm drinking to look cool.

Q: How did you get your start in the restaurant industry? How long have you've been at The Biltmore?
A: The Biltmore is my first gig in a restaurant, and I've been here one year & 2 months.

Q: Tell us about a great experience you've had here at the Biltmore.
A: Just meeting new people or seeing people I already know from Newton, makes being here really fun.

Q: What is your favorite item on the menu?
A: The Half Chicken w/ seasonal veggies, It's on!!!! Get your brackets ready for the Biltmore Bar & Grille challenge! More to come!!!, Our St. Patrick's Day hunt starts tomorrow. Check our social media pages throughout the week to keep updated on where you can find a prize!, Celebrate 312 day with Goose Island and The Biltmore from 4 - 5:30 PM tonight featuring beer and giveaways!, Ever wondered how to make the perfect margarita? Sammy will show you how!, St. Patrick's Day is just a week away and we're ready to celebrate! We'll be featuring a special menu & have ladder ball out on the patio!, Saturday is 312 day! Come to The Biltmore and enjoy cold beers and awesome swag from 4:00 - 5:30 PM., Will there be a 5th straight victory tonight? 
Last week when they were named "Mike Drop" they squeaked out the win on the final question, can they do it again?
Do you have enough trivia knowledge to dethrone them?
Find out at 8pm in the Biltmore Bar and Grill's front room.

50.00$ gift card for first place!, It’s baaacccckkkk! Taco Tuesday is here and we’re excited are you?, Tonight's the night! Sam Adams Nitro Project Pint Night starts at 7 PM & music bingo starts at 8 PM. See you there!, Monday Mussel Fra Diavolo and Troegs Nugget Nectar! If this was my last supper then I’m already in heaven!, Monday Mussel Fra Diavolo and Troegs Nugget Nectar! If this was my last supper then I’m already in heaven!, It's #MenuItemMonday again and today's featured menu item is Meatloaf! Try it today!, Meet Leigha, our Staff Member of the week @ The BIltmore Bar and Grill.

Q: If you were to explain your personality through a drink, what would it be and why?
A: A Bloody Mary! Because who doesn't LOVE brunch?

Q: How did you get your start in the restaurant business, how long have you been at the Biltmore?
A: I started serving after college at a small restaurant in Boston's South End. I've been at the Biltmore for 18 months.

Q: Tell us about a great experience you've had here at the Biltmore.
A: After serving the same couple, the same appetizers, at the same table for three weeks... it became more of a friendship than a  "server/guest" relationship. That is my favorite part about working here, the friendships that are made.

Q: What's your favorite item on the menu?
A: Brussels Sprouts! Bacon & green veggies - What could be better?, Head in to the Biltmore for this sweet pairing! Moules Frites- IPA steamed PEI mussels with our house fries., Just two more days until our Sam Adams Nitro Project Pint Night. Don't miss out on the samplings, pint glasses and music bingo!, Who doesn’t love a waffle slider and $5 bloody mary’s for brunch! We’re all about the comfort food at the Biltmore!, Greg Adams is back in the house for our Saturday night live music session from 9 to 12:30! Come warm up with Greg!, Grilled Chicken & creamy veggie risotto or Baked Seafood plate! How do you Friday!!!, Grilled Chicken & creamy veggie risotto or Baked Seafood plate! How do you Friday!!!, Our sister restaurant, Article 24, is looking to hire for all positions. If you're interested email your resume to jobs@tnrgboston!, Mark your calendars! It's Pint Night on Tuesday! Come in starting at 7 PM for Samuel Adams Nitro Project samplings and music bingo., We here at the Biltmore owe a HUGE thank you to Jason Koenighaus for saving Stump trivia tonight!, It's Wednesday again, time for Stump Trivia! Will we have a 4peat or will some other wicked smart team de-throne our current champs? Be here at 8pm to find out. Don't forget to try the Revolution Brewery selections, 4 varieties available for a limited time., Prayers for all guests, staff and families affected by the terrible accident at Sweet Tomatoes. Today is a terrible day for Our community., Super Taco Tuesday! Get out there and vote then swing into the Biltmore to catch some all you can eat taco Tuesday from 4 to 10pm! As well as our long awaited tap take over with Revolution Brewing Company 7 to 9pm and ListenUp Music Bingo 8 to 10pm!, Every Monday and Tuesday we have $1 oysters so don't miss out on the Crows Creek Oysters this week! #MenuItemMonday, Thank you for all of your great suggestions. We will announce the winner shortly!, Sunday special @BiltmoreNewton Grilled Salmon with rice cakes, sautéed veggies finished with a balsamic drizzle!, Just a little teaser for our upcoming tap takeover with Revolution Brewing Company Tuesday March 1st 7pm!, Just a little teaser for our upcoming tap takeover with Revolution Brewing Company Tuesday March 1st 7pm!, Our Goose Island launch part is tonight! Come in starting at 6PM for tastings and giveaways!, Interested to know how we make The Biltmore Heater? Check out our video to find out how!, Only a few days left before we announce a winner! Comment your menu ideas below before Monday for a chance to win a $50 gift card!, Does Mr. White have any trivia questions about National Clam Chowder Day? 
We will find out at 7pm tonight, Improv Trivia w/ Morgan White at the Biltmore Bar and Grill., It's National Clam Chowder Day and we're celebrating accordingly! Come in today for some soup and try our cocktail of the moment while you're here! The Biltmore Heater isn't for the faint of heart. Can you handle it?, This Friday! Goose Island is having a Four Star Pils launch party Biltmore Bar and Grill, giving out  samples and giveaways starting at 6pm. Get to the bar early to try this awesome new beer first!, It's National Margarita Day and we want to celebrate with you. Enjoy our Mango Habanero Margarita tonight for just $5! #NationalMargaritaDay, Each Monday we'll be featuring a different menu item. This week it's Chicken & Waffles! Try it today
#MenuItemMonday, TONIGHT! @BiltmoreNewton My Mother's Moustache 9pm Live acoustic music. @MMMoustacheband #awesomebandname, Moules-Frites and 3 Bear Beers specials tonight at the Biltmore Newton! Yum TGIF!!!, Tuesday March 1st, come by the Biltmore to taste beers from the brewery that has taken over Chicago... Revolution Brewing! 
For this Pint Night we will be pouring Cross of Gold, A little Crazy, and Anti-Hero. It all starts at 7pm! Music Bingo starts at 8, for a chance to win some Revolution Brewing swag., Age old question... do Mac Fritters pair better with white or red wine? Find out tonite @BiltmoreNewton, Stump Trivia tonight at 8pm at the Biltmore Newton. 50.00$ gift card for the winning team. Test your knowledge of trivial facts every week against new & returning teams., Special announcement coming soon from the Biltmore Bar and Grill.
Stay tuned to our Facebook and Twitter..., Best day of the week.....#tacotuesday #allyoucaneat, Taco Taco Taco! It’s Taco Tuesday!! Favorite day of the week! All you can eat tacos 4 - 10pm!!, Every Tuesday,  Listen Up Music Bingo @BiltmoreNewton 8pm start time, prizes awarded for bingo!, There's still time to enter your ideas for our spring menu! Reply to this post for a chance to win a $50 gift card., Delicious Valentine's brunch!, Happy Valentine’s Day from all of us at the Biltmore Bar & Grille in Newton!, Happy Valentine’s Day from all of us at the Biltmore Bar & Grille in Newton!, Happy Valentine's Day from The Biltmore Bar & Grille! Come in today with that special someone and enjoy our Valentine's heart themed brunch!, It's day 2 of our #3dayheartfest. Tonight at The Biltmore Bar & Grille, try either the Scallop Risotto or the Shrimp Scampi special. You could bring your Valentine and get BOTH!, It's day 2 of our #3dayheartfest. Come spend tonight at The Biltmore Bar & Grille with great food and live music from Greg Adams!, Nothing says love like dessert at the Biltmore Bar & Grille!!, Nothing says love like dessert at the Biltmore Bar & Grille!!, Nothing says love like dessert at the Biltmore Bar & Grille!!, Just tapped Sam Adams Nitro White Ale! Come in and feel the warmth of spring!, Come on in for some extra pre-Valentines day loving from the Biltmore Bar & Grill crew. Jo Jo and the rest of the kitchen crew are sending out some extra special love with their #3dayheartfest Valentine's Specials for dinner beginning tonight Friday 2/12 in thru the loving holiday on Sunday with some extra love brunch! Saturday evening we are happy to announce that Greg Adams will be in house to serenade you from 9-12:30!, Improv Trivia w/ Morgan White 2nite at 7:30 @ the Biltmore Newton. If you haven't played it yet, you are missing out, Try our Salmon special tonight! Chef Juan sautes fresh veggies adds roasted potato and tops it with a beurre blanc, 8pm tonight at the Biltmore bar & Grill... Stump Trivia!
50.00 gift card is up for grabs for the team that knows more random facts than anyone else. Come say hi to our host Josh, and our awesome staff, while you enjoy great food & great drink., 8pm tonight at the Biltmore bar & Grill... Stump Trivia!
50.00 gift card is up for grabs for the team that knows more random facts than anyone else. Come say hi to our host Josh, and our awesome staff, while you enjoy great food & great drink., Listen Up! Music Bingo tonight at the Biltmore. Play in the bar or in the dining room., We are open, come hang out with us!, Free SB50 squares at our bar. Biltmore gift card give away for each Qtr & Score change. Must be present 2win #goCam, We are giving away squares today for chances to win $25 gift cards each quarter and $10 for every score change. All you have to do is put your name on the sheet and be present to win! Go Pats!, Now that you're done shoveling!!!.....  Come out and re-fuel at the Biltmore!  Tonight's special 10 oz steak is served over garlic mashed & green beans and then smothered with sauteed brussels, cherry tomatoes and shallots. DEEElish!!!!

Why not try it with a pint of Harpoon's THUNDER FOAM.  The latest in their 100 barrel series is a porter made with poblano peppers and cocoa nibs.  So good and perfect on a chilly winter night!, $20 bucket of brews Super Bowl feature. 6 bottles of Coors Light! Or try our Tailgate beer punch!, Features.
Panther Pulled Pork Sliders or The Denver Franklin. Fried chicken, bacon, & gravy on a buttermilk biscuit!, Super Bowl 50 Starters $.50 wings Carolina BBQ or Kickin’ Bronco Buffalo! Buffalo chicken dip with corn tortillas!, Biltmore Super Bowl 50 Tailgate Bash! Catch all the action at 3:25. Stay tuned & we get’ll you the playbook details., We got what you're looking for a bucket of beers and of course, everyone's favorite The Memphis 2 step burger with some straight cut fries. YOU KNOW YOU WANT IT!!!!!! so come on down. #snowday #burgersandbeers #foodcoma, Two perfect combinations to power you thru your snowy rush hour commute!, Two perfect combinations to power you thru your snowy rush hour commute!, null, The snow isn't stopping us from being opened. Come on in and enjoy our Great Food and Cold Beer what more can you ask for on a snowy day.
#snowday #Beer #Food, Our new menu is coming out next month and we're looking for you to help us out!
Comment your suggestions below for a chance to win a $50 gift card to The Biltmore Bar & Grille. The winner will be announced February 29th., Come in and enjoy our Salmon Special, served with rice cakes, brussel sprouts, been greens, cherry tomatoes, and our new MONSTER SALSA!!!!!!! Pair this entree with a Harpoon Long Thaw #foodcoma #beer #awesomesauce #harpoonlongthaw, Pan seared Salmon & Scallops over mashed potatoes and green beans. Comfort food yo!, Salmon burger on a toasted brioche roll topped with poblano pepper aioli! Tasty feature for tonight!, Show time! Nonplussed at the Biltmore., You have about 30 minutes to get down to the Biltmore bar to see Nonplussed! 9pm start. #NoCover #LiveMusic, Check out the boys from Nonplussed tonight from 9 to 12:30! It's sure to be a whale of a tale time!!!, Check out our sister restaurant Biltmore and Main on Phantom Gourmet at 11am today!, Celebrate National Corn Chip Day with an order of our fresh house-made guacamole #cornchipday #yum #Biltmore, Looking forward to a Saturday night with Nonplussed! Check out this fun cover!!!, Special tonight at The Biltmore - Shrimp & Mussel Fra Diablo, tossed w/ a spicy tom sauce and tagliatelle pasta. 19$, null, Listen up - Music Bingo @8pm tonight!  We cannot guarantee that you will not be Rick Rolled. #cantGIVEyouUP, Creamy Seafood a Risotto! Add Taco Tuesday and Music Bingo & you’ve spelled FUN!!!, $1 oysters 4 to 6pm in the Biltmore Barroom! Every Movday and Tuesday!, This trio is ready!!! Come hang out with Melody, Jodi, and Sammy!, 2 for 1 Biltmore Burgers and Conference Championship battle against Peyton Manning and the Broncos what more could you want on a Sunday afternoon? Oh did you say a bud light promo.. Shazam! Wish granted!, Tomorrow!  Two for one special on our Biltmore Burgers during the football games!  Dine-in only. #goPats, don't forget, the best country music in New England will keep you warm this evening., Hot sauce junkies & chilli heads unite for National Hot Sauce Day! Try our chicken wings with David’s hot sauce if you dare! Spicy!!!!! Love it!, Tonight's special - BBQ Chicken Ranch Flatbread. Topped w/ B.L.T. and mozz cheese. Only at the Biltmore. #Yum, It's on! #letsgo! #patriotnation  #brady #roadtothesuperbowl If this video doesn't get you pumped up then you might as well stay home on Sunday with you pjs on and watch The Sound Of Music!, Stump Trivia tonight, 8pm - 10pm. Winner gets a 50$ Biltmore gift card. Get here early to secure a spot at our bar., On a cold night, warm up with this hot & spicy pasta special. Shrimp Fra Diavolo, w/shallots, garlic & tomato #Yum, This Saturday night 9PM!, TONIGHT! Oskar Blues IPA pint night & Music Bingo. Get to The Biltmore by 7pm to participate in both #pintnight, TONIGHT! Oskar Blues IPA pint night & Music Bingo. Get to The Biltmore by 7pm to participate in both #pintnight, Tomorrow at The Biltmore 7-9pm Oskar Blues IPA pint night. Get a free glass with purchase of 16oz IPA. @oskarblues, What snow? This is not snow. A dusting maybe but not enough to keep us from whipping up something good to warm you up on a Monday Holiday! Come check out what's happening at the Biltmore in Newton!, A huge cheer erupts from the Biltmore in another Patriots victory!, Almost game time! Watch the game at the Biltmore bar and grill & enjoy some Hog Wings at the bar., We have the game, the sound, and wings! What else could you need?, Anyone feeling lucky today?!? Like any of our pages - The Biltmore Bar and Grill, Local 149, Biltmore & Main, Article 24, and The Neighborhood Restaurant Group and if we win Powerball so do you!! Happy Hump Day!!, Tiki drinks and Hawaiian shirts! This crew brought it Biltmore Style!, Tiki drinks and Hawaiian shirts! This crew brought it Biltmore Style!, Tiki drinks and Hawaiian shirts! This crew brought it Biltmore Style!, Today marks our 4th annual fundraising event for the John M. Barry Boys & Girls Club of Newton. We will be closing the dining room at 3pm but the bar will remain open to the public. We will have our pub menu available for the duration of the event. If you would like to participate in the fundraising event you can purchase a ticket for $20 at the door and enjoy the complimentary items that are for the fundraiser crowd only! It is a TIKI Party yo! Come have some fun with us!, Hello Newton ( and surrounding towns) We will be closing at 7pm on Monday January 11th for our company holiday party. We will not be taking any reservations after 5:30. Thank you and Happy Holidays from the Biltmore Staff, Come on out of the rain for some comfort food and playoff football action!, Tonight Munk Duane owns the bar room and will mesmerize you with his musical words for national nerd word day! Come on in and stay warm and have yourself a Harpoon Hoppy Adventure while your snack on some hog wings or even the brisket nachos! A house favorite of course!, Happy National Word Nerd Day! What's your word of the Day? The Newton crew's is Cerveza! Yes, we are as simple as that.. All about the beer!, Everyone loves Friday!!, Perfect time for Mama Jo’s Grownup Hot Cocoa!, Tickets are on sale now for our 

4th Annual John M. Barry Boys & Girls Club of Newton 
Tiki Themed Gala Fundraiser..
Help us raise some dough for a good cause and great organization..

Tuesday January 12th at 6 to 10pm

We are proud host this annual event and are rolling out the fun with a Tiki Party theme!!

Enjoy complimentary food, open bar, raffles and more

- all for only $20/ticket!

This is a ticketed event and all proceeds go to the 
John M Barry Boys & Girls Club of Newton! 

By Phone 617.527.2550

Email- rsvp@thebiltmoregrill.com

Or at The Biltmore 1205 Chestnut St, Newton, Finish this season strong! #letsgo, Tonight’s Live Music featuring Jeff Royds 9pm to 12:30am. Come on in and rock out Saturday night with this guy!, Happy New Year! Come welcome 2016 with us! We are open!, Chef Juan Grilled Chicken & Pesto  Risotto! Perfecto!, Celebrate bacon day tonight with a Biltmore BLT Taco! Hmmmmm Bacon!!!!!, Celebrate bacon day tonight with a Biltmore BLT Taco! Hmmmmm Bacon!!!!!, Still undecided on what to do to ring in 2016? Come ring it in Biltmore Style! From 7 to 9pm we have the Triva Extraordinaire Morgan White followed by DJ Saucytron from 9 until the close of 2015. Champagne toast at midnight! We'll be running our ala carte menu with some festive features until 10:30pm and then we'll have our pub menu along with some special bar snacks to keep you content!, It's Taco Tuesday! All you can eat veggie, beef, or chicken tacos from 4 to 10pm! Get out of cold, sloshy stuff and come warm up with a cocktail or brew and the Tuesday crew here at the Biltmore Newton! Oh and don't forget it's $1 oysters from 4 to 6pm as well!, Looking for something to do on this rainy Tuesday evening, how about you come on in and play music bingo. Starting at 8pm and get a chance too win 5$ bar bite for each round that you win. Come in and enjoy the fun., Do you love oysters? Well if the answer is yes then we have a deal for you. Come on down and get Crows Creek oysters for $1 Mondays and Tuesday from 4-6 #oysters  #loveforoysters, A little short rib sandy for Sunday Funday dinner! Add a Biltmore Blondie for dessert to sweeten it up!, Thank you #Harpoon for the support you have shown us this year, by providing a phenomenal amount of good beer. Thank you for this lovely card.Happy Holidays from the Biltmore staff and friends., Happy Holidays! Come in for our new winter sangria even though it feels like summer!, Take a shopping break and come on in for some fisherman’s stew!!, Taco Tuesday has begun! All you can eat beef, chicken or seasonal veggie! What more could you want? Hmm  maybe pair it with a Rogue Good Chit Pils! Now that sounds nice!, Tick tock tick tock! Times ticking for those of you who still need gifts ideas. Swing on in to the biltmore for a gift card that your favorite craft beer drinking friend might really enjoy! Or for that someone that is hard to buy for. Who doesn't love comfort food and a good cocktail? Spend $100 and get a $20 gift card mailed to you after the first of the new year!, It's the first day of Winter and National Humbug day! And it's 50 degrees! Oldman winter hasn't shown his ugly mug yet so let's enjoy while we can. Celebrate with a Left Hand Milk Stout or if you prefer something lighter try a Weinstephaner Hefeweiss bier! It feels like a windy summer evening! I'm in are you?, #Cioppinoseafoodstew warmup from the inside out!!, Stress free stocking stuffers, buy $100 in cards and get a $20 gift card for FREE! Bonus, the Patriots are on at 1!, 2016 brings new and exciting news for The Neighborhood Restaurant Group!!! http://bit.ly/1Ie2F2A, Live music at the Biltmore Bar & Grille with Greg Adams from 9pm to 12:30am!, Congratulations to our 2nd annual Holiday Cocktail Competition grand prize winner Erick Donoghue of Comedor Newton!, T minus 6 and 1/2 hours until the Merry Mixology throw down begins!, Jojo's amazing double chocolate stuffed cookie. Homemade cookie dough, chocolate chip cookie, stuffed with chocolate mousse, topped off with a nice chocolate drizzle and whip cream....Get before it's GONE!!!!!!!!, Just tapped Founders Breakfast Stout! MMM, MMM GOOOD!!, null, #LetsGo boys #doyourjob #noexcuses Head on into the the Biltmore Bar & Grille to cheer the Patriots as they take on the Texans! Catch all the action on all our tvs with the sound streaming through the speakers! #gronkisback!, How FARGO would have ended if those two ended up at the Biltmore! Come on down to build your own pancake stack this morning: Banana, Blueberry, Strawberry, or Chocolate Chip! Brunch starts at 11:00 am!!!!, Come on in and chill with some good tunes from our live music feature Dan Masterson at the Biltmore Bar & Grille from 9pm to 12:30am!, Saturday Seafood Scampi! Spice it up to celebrate national Gingerbread House Day with a Harpoon UFO Gingerland!, Saturday Seafood Scampi! Spice it up to celebrate national Gingerbread House Day with a Harpoon UFO Gingerland!, Cheesy Polenta for Friday features at the Biltmore. Bacon wrapped scallops over cheesy polenta with sautéed spinach!, Celebrate national lager day with a gansett and say Hi neighbor! Pair it with our Tex mex burger!, Celebrate national lager day with a gansett and say Hi neighbor! Pair it with our Tex mex burger!, It's almost time! Quick swing on in grab a bingo card and your off to some musical fun with the Listen Up Music Bingo crew and the Biltmore trio of Saul, Amber, and Fay rocking the bar room!, Looking for something fun to do on this dreary Tuesday evening? We've got Listen Up Music Bingo in the bar room with Fay & Amber slinging the drinks and Emily spinning the bingo tunes from 8 to 10pm. If you win you get a $5 off your food coupon to use tonight or save it up for another rainy day! Who doesn't love coupons!!, It's Taco Time! From 4 to 10pm come on in and enjoy our all you can eat beef, chicken or veggie tacos! Tuesday is a great day for all you can eat tacos. Pair it with Harpoon 100 Barrel EHOP Collaboration brew  or two!, It's National pretend to be a time traveler day! Where and when would you travel to past or future?, Come on in and catch the action Patriots vs Eagles! Let's go boys, do your job and get done!, Chef Oscar’s Sunday Paella!! Pair it with a Mad Elf pint and you’ll be happy you did!, Feature bar snack for the game Chicken Tostada! Pulled chicken, fresh salsa, eggs, and jalapeños!, Brunch makes Sunday Funday the best day of the week, go Pats #tb12, Come in out of the cold and warm up with Beautiful Tuesday from 9pm to 12:30! Enjoy some housemade Spinach & Feta Dip with tortilla chips or a tasty brew! Just tapped the Lake Placid Ubu Ale and who can pass up Troegs The Mad Alf Holiday Ale! Tis the season ya'll!, Special tonight. Seafood Cioppino with Calamari, Cod, Shrimp, and Mussels. In a spicy tomato broth topped with white rice. 
Try it with a Harpoon Winter Warmer to keep you warm on a chilly night., It's National Cookie Day! Stop by for dinner and drinks, so you can end your night with Grandma Bren's monster cookie. You get two Oatmeal, Chocolate Chunk & Mini Marshmallow cookies topped with whipped cream. Yum!, Tonight The Biltmore has whipped up something you won't forget: a delicious brisket risotto! This savory dish of housemade brisket, smoked gouda, cherry tomatoes, & pickled onion is just the thing! Pair it with a Tröegs Independent Brewing Mad Elf for a truly unforgettable meal! It's the Holiday season! Best get to eating & drinking like it!!!!, It's HERBIE HANCOCK! Think you can beat our best team at Trivia!? It starts at 8:00 pm!, Jo Jo’s Strawberry Shortcake! Yum!!, Oscar’s Seafood Medley! Perfecto!!, Listen Up Music Bingo tonight 8pm!! Don’t miss it you’ll be sad!!! Plus Amber & Fay are rocking the bar too!!, #troegsmadelf has arrived!, It's gonna be a FIGHT! Come down to the Biltmore and watch the Patriots defend their undefeated season against the Denver Broncos. Does a Peyton-less offense have what it takes?? Kickoff at 8:30 PM. 

AND! If you come by the Biltmore tonight and sing "Biltmore Burger Tastes So Good!" to your server, you get a free order of Mac Fritters! But you got to sing it like Peyton!!, Got a turkey hangover and need a pick me up? Tired from all that shopping and the Black Friday crowds? We got your back on that Jack! Come on in for some Seafood Fra Diavolo or some tasty fried Nauset Oysters. Top it off with some live music from Annie Brobst sure to be a rocking night to get you energized for the holiday weekend!, For fun!!! https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=lqGkbVXSaKU, We are closed today in observance of the Thanksgiving Holiday!, Mama Jo’s turkey dinner! It’s Thanksgiving at the Bilmore!!, Mama Jo’s turkey dinner! It’s Thanksgiving at the Bilmore!!, Check out our new Meatloaf Bakery Starter! Mmmmmm Comfort food!, T-Minus 15 minutes and it's on.... That's right...Taco Tuesday returns at the Biltmore with all you can eat beef, chicken or fall veggie tacos from 4pm until 10pm!, Seafood Arrabbiata looking spicy good for specials! Dig in!!, Ahhhhh! Biltmore Chicken & Waffles to warm you up on this rainy Sunday night!, Rain, rain go away! Come on  in to the Biltmore to play! We've got comfort food specials and lots of football warm you up! If that's not enough go with liquid warmin and try the Lagunitas Brown Shugga and or Harpoon's 100 Barrel EHOP series!, Sunday Funday! Football & Brunch perfect pair if you add a beer or two!!!, Sunday Funday! Football & Brunch perfect pair if you add a beer or two!!!, Run, run as fast as you can and catch a Harpoon Brewing Company Gingerland UFO to celebrate National Gingerbread Day!, The Holy War continues tonight as BC has to defend Boston's honor against Notre Dame! The Fighting Irish comes to Boston with the audacity of calling Fenway their home field?! Come and show your support of our BC Eagles! Or if you're a Fighting Irish, come on down and show your colors and make the Biltmore your home turf., Celebrate National Gingerbread Day with a #harpoongingerlandufo can., TGIF!!! This is how we all look on Friday! Swing on into the Biltmore for some good ol' comfort food to kick off your weeekend. Wash it down with a Lagunitas Brown Shugga! Oh yes it has made it's return!, @stbcbeer dinner @BiltmoreNewton. 2nd course fall salad, Oh man! It's Taco Tuesday Again!? Has it already been a whole week!?!, Come on in and catch some Monday night action with Houston vs Cincinnati with the sound blasting thru the Biltmore Bar Speakers!! Oh yay.. We're ready for some football!, T Minus one hour and it's on. Patriots vs Giants on wtih sound! Get your bar snack on or feed the need with our popular comfort food favorite Biltmore Meatloaf!, National Clean Out Your Fridge Day! So what's your excuse? Come on in for some football and fresh grub while your fridge thaws and self cleans! Hog wings sound deliscious right now. Or go for the 1205 Breakfast and feed your face while washing it down with a $5 bloody mary or Mimosas!! Brunch lasts until 3pm then it's on with our main all day menu!!!, Remember, Remember, the 14th of November... it is National PICKLE Day! We have a delicous Fried Pickle small plate appetizer ready to warm you up tonight!, Still time to reserve your seats for @BiltmoreNewton and @stbcbeer beer dinner #fallharvestdinner, Friday live music at the Biltmore with Cape Cod based singer - Grace Morrison! 9pm to 12:30. Come on in and catch the show along with some good beer and lots of fun with the Biltmore crew! It Friday and why not show some kindness for National World Kindness Day! 

https://youtu.be/QQOSXQDZzIs, Rumble in New York tonight as Rex's old New York Jets host the Buffalo Bills..... Watch the action at the Biltmore Bar and Grill!! Thursday Night Football, It just won't stay away! We will have to put it BACK on the menu! The Biltmore Meatloaf is making it's triumphant re-return to the line up tonight! Buttery mashed potatoes, honey glazed carrots and a creamy bacon BBQ gravy..... Come on in and see what all the fuss is about!, Happy Veteran's Day Everyone! We Salute our Armed Forces by offering free burgers and fries to those who served and continue to serve our Country on Veteran's Day!!, Catch all the Monday night football action here at the Biltmore! Bear vs Chargers battle it out tonight on the big screen. We have sound and lots of good beer to wash down some of our tasty favorite bar snacks too! Personal fav is the ribs!!! But you can't go wrong with our wings either. Take you pick Hog or Chicken! Both finger licking good! Also feature two fabulous dips onion with housemade bagel chips or our spinach & feta with tortilla chips! Perfect snack food for the game!, We Salute our Armed Forces by offering free burgers and fries to those who served our Country on Veteran's Day!!, Congratulations to our sister restaurant Local 149 on being named the best brunch in Southie! #brunchlife #biltmorebrunchrocks  #$5bloodymarys, Fall Harvest with the Warlock and Pumking!!! Don't miss this dinner reserve your seats now while you can!!!, It's BAAAAAAAAACK! Our famous Biltmore Meatloaf returns with a vengeance!! Our signature meatloaf with creamy mashed potatoes, honey glazed carrots, and a BBQ Bacon Gravy! Pair that with the Hoosac Tunnel Pale Ale from our friends at Berkshire Brewing Company. Add Thursday Night Football and it sounds like a perfect night!, It's the Battle of Ohio tonight on Thursday Night Football! Come and watch the game and enjoy good food, good friends, and COLD BEER!, Is really Tuesday again? Oh joy...That means it's TACO TUESDAY at the Biltmore! All you eat tacos for $12. Can't resist that! Even Minions love Tacos!!!, Oolala! St Louis Ribs and Biltmore Porky Flatbread. Just two of our new items to wet the whistle and keep the tummy happy! Can't go wrong with either for a snack or dinner! Pair it with Lagunitas Brewing Co's One Hitter Series Born Yesterday and you'll thank us just for suggesting it! Uber fresh with a nice citrus finish!, Just tapped 3 new beers this morning! Lagunitas One Hitter Series Born Yesterday Fresh Hop, Harpoon Brewery EHOP Collaboration Brew with Deschutes Brewing Company, and Berkshire Brewing Company Hoosac Tunnel Amber Ale! Lost of deliciousness flowing from our taps on a Monday afternoon! Actually, par for the course on a daily but this is all very exciting for me!, Having trouble shaking that sugar crash or ghoulish hangover! Come on into the Biltmore Bar & Grill and recharge with a $5 Bloody Mary or $5 Mimosa and some brunch goodness to help you feel like yourself again! We open at 11 am and brunch goes until 3pm. You know you want to... Wakey wakey zombies and ghouls!!!, This gourd clearly had one too many last night!!!!!, The moment when you realize some of your posts didn't post! Had a blast last night at our annual Halloween bash! Beetlejuice was my favorite dancer who I failed to get a video of his epic moves. If you see this please send us some video to share!, Grand prize group costume winners! Fresh out the Morgue!, Incognito Minion pouring out the cider pumpkin style!, Halloween is already in full swing at the Biltmore, Incognito minion pumpkin waiting to be filled with some Harpoon Pumpkin Cider for our Halloween Prohibition extravaganza!, Happy Halloween from the Biltmore lunch crew!, Ready for the big game tonight? We are! Come on in to catch all the action on the tvs with the volume of course! (sorry loyal juke box followers. Patriots game will be streaming through our speakers beginning at 8:25 game time)!!, Still haven't figured out what to do with yourself on Halloween! Check out our spooktacular Prohibition/Speakeasy/Halloween party. DJ, prizes for costumes, tricks and treats for the 21+ crowd. It's sure to be a fun evening recreating the old BIltmore from prohibition days!!! Or as close as we can get without breaking any rules!, Feeling a little bit like this cat? Then come on in to the Biltmore Bar and Grill and we'll shake off the sleepy Monday feeling with some tasty treats and some Monday night football action! Seriously, can't go wrong with our Brisket Nachos or our St Louis ribs! That'll wake you up! If that doesn't then add a little pumpkin to your day with a Southern Tier Warlock or Pumking! If that's a little too much for you then go for the Harpoon UFO pumpkin. $3 for a 12oz can is a deal for sure. You can betcha your gourd on that one!, Check out our new menu at thebiltmoregrill.com or roll on in for some Sunday night football with Madisen and Amber slinging the liquid libations and the rest of the Biltmore crew serving up some beauties like the Biltmore BBQ Belt or the Half Roasted Chicken! We got $3 Harpoon Cans or mix it up and grab a bucket of brews and throw in a Narragansett's Allie"s Donuts Double Chocolate Porter tall boy can or a Two Road Road 2 Ruin tall boy as well. It'd practically a steal!!!!, Scrumdiddlyumptious Boston Cream Pie dessert special at the Biltmore Bar and Grill! Not just a dessert but a great breakfast alternative to the corner donut shops donut!!!, Ready for some brunch, Patriots vs Jets, and some brews? We are! Come on over and get your pregame or game time grub on and catch the game at the bar with Fay!
https://youtu.be/PFyHcDDKJOg, null, Taco Tuesday paired with North Coast Brewing Company's petite saison Puck the beer!!! Can't go wrong with all you can eat tacos and a 4% saison to compliment the spiciness of our tacos!! Can I get a Whoot Whoot for taco tuesday? Simply liking this post will do too!, So in case you missed it because you are lame! We had a Bud Light promo for Monday night football last night and Emily was the  winner of two Patriot tickets! Lucky girl! Stay tuned to our page and you'll see we do fun things and you can cash in on some for sure!!! Have fun at the game Emily!!!, Go Pats! Games at 8, 3$ harpoon cans, Annie rocks the house at the Biltmore tomorrow night at 8pm. Come on in to kick start your weekend Biltmore style!!, Steak tips with house made cream corn, and Parmesan truffle fries.  Come on by patio is beautiful with the heaters going. Our roll up to the bar and claim a spot for some Stump Trivia at 8...see how smart you are or take a chance you and your friends could win a $50 gift card if you take first or how about a second place $25 gift card..., Oh yeaa!!! It's here again!!! Taco Tuesday at the Biltmore Bar & Grill in Newton!!! Just want to squeeze this little guy!!!, Can't say fall any better than this Gourdgeous-tini! That's right a pumpkin martini with pumpkin spiced vodka, pumpkin pie cream liqueur, and EVOL spiced liqueur created by Janette our fabulous bartender. Come on by and hangout on the patio with this delish martini and maybe a bar snack or two.. It's Monday night football if you feel like watching the Steelers take on the Chargers! It's on people! Grab a bar stool and hang with Ashley who will be slinging the cocktails and brews all night long!!!, Come on  into the Biltmore and get your brunch on from 11am to 3pm. Cheer on your favorite team or fantasy players! Fay will keep you company in the bar room as you pregame thru brunch  with cocktails and bar snacks or just some comfort food brunch style. We'll be ready for the 4pm show down between the Patriots and Cowboys with the sound streaming thru our speakers and beers from our taps as well as some tasty food coming out of our kitchen! Insert da.da.da....da.da.da! Football and fall our favorite time of year!!!, Beautiful Tuesday in the house tonight 8 to 11pm! Come in out of the rain and start off your long weekend with some tasty brews, comfort food and the soulful voices of this duo!!, Want to find a place to hang out and listen to some good music with some great food, cocktails and brews? Come in out of the rainy gloom and brighten up your Saturday night with the Biltmore crew and Greg Adams from 8 to 11. Have a Southern Tier Brewing Company Warlock or Pumking to put you in an October kind of mood and just groove on in to the weekend!, We have a fun night at the Biltmore! Live Music and amazing fall offerings! Tonight Chef Shane has prepared for us an Autumn Half Chicken served with cheese raviolis, butternut squash, and a apple cider sage butter sauce! Pair that with Fay's delicious Harvest Cider!, This could be the game that decides who will lose to the Patriots in the AFC Championship game! Just kidding, the Ravens won't make it that far! Come on down and check out the Biltmore special: 12 wings and a pitcher of Narragansett for $20! (limited to parties of two or more), Question: Who has Bar trivia on Wednesday night? Answer: THE BILTMORE, OF COURSE! 8 PM!, It's been pouring all day, you just got soaked heading out of work!! Who wants to cook on a day like today!? Let us do the cooking for you! Tonight we have a delicious pork loin with a butternut squash puree and savory brandy fig sauce!, Join as at the best new restaurant in Boston! Bonus, it is in Reading!, Monday night action promo brought to by Bud Light and who else, well us silly! Come on in for some free swag...Opps catch is you need to purchase a Bud Light 16oz Aluminum bottle! Action begins at 7:30. Oh and did I mention there's a game on too?!!! Who knew it was Monday night football too!!!, Brunch and the Patriots at the Biltmore Bar & Grill!! What's not to like? Wachusett Bella Czech Pils flowing from the taps.... Come on by and help support the boys and enjoy some good eats and brews!!, The Nonplussed is playing at the Biltmore tonight!! Swing by, show starts at 8 pm!!, If you like our fried fluffernutter, your sure to like our sister restaurant Local 149s! Check it out on Phantom Gourmet!!

https://www.facebook.com/phantomgourmet/videos/10153632741424138/, It's Thursday Night Football TONIGHT! Come down to the Biltmore  for our special, a pitcher of Narragansett and 12 of our AMAZING wings! 2 or more for the pitcher! Starts at 5:00 PM!!, Had to be done!!, Don't forget! It's hump day! Best way to get over that hump is with some tasty brews (Backlash Pint night 7 to 9pm) and Stump Trivia from 8 to 10pm. First place team wins a $50 Biltmore Bar & Grill gift card! #stumptrivia #backlashbeer #biltmorebarandgrill #humpday, Backlash Beer Company will be taking over 3 of our taps tonight at 7pm for a Backlash Beer experience with Scotty the Bearded Salesman and the BIltmore Bar gals too! We will be pouring Oath (while it lasts), Overthrow, monster of a double ipa and their Ricochet as well! Free Backlash pint glass while supplies last with purchase of one of the three brews!, In the mood for some fall beers! Join us for our fall harvest beer dinner with Southern Tier Brewing Company on October 5th at 7pm. Reserve your seats at rsvp@thebiltmoregrill.com do it now and don't be left out in the cold! Lots of Pumking love and even a Warlock to get you into the October spirit!, Football Special. 12 wings and a pitcher of Narragansett Lager for $20. Are you ready for some Monday Night Football? Come on in and cheer on your team or your fantasy players and bring a friend to share the beer and wings with. Don't be greedy!!!, Our good friends George Woods are playing! Swing by and check them out!, A little fresh look to add to our outdoor seating., Rocking out the bar room tonight with live music from George and Heather Woods! They will sing to your soul and you will surely want to dance and sing along with them!, Hello Friday! We've missed you! Come kick off the weekend with us at the Biltmore in Newton and try out the Woodchuck Fall Harvest Cider with a cinnamon sugar rim! Fay will teach you the way to start your weekend off right!!, It's a great match-up tonight on Thursday Night Football!! Come and grab a beer and watch the game!! Better yet, come on down and grab our special BBQ Brisket Sandwich! It's to die for!!! BBQ, Beer, and Football - this is a great time of year!, What kept Mayweather fighting so strong last night? The thought of our Croissant Doughnut Waffle Stack, of course! Come on down to the Biltmore and have it yourself!!!, Saturday and Beer.... Need I say more? Come on down to the Biltmore and check out our rotating drafts! The only tough decision is whether to get a 10, 16, or 23 oz!, "Keeping Company" is keeping us company tonight in the bar room at the Biltmore!! Show starts at 8:00 pm! We hope to see you there!!!!!, Patriots Game 1 Special! From 7:00 PM on we have lowered the price of our Chicken Wings to 25 cents! What's another word for "lowered"? Shrunk? Dropped? Defla.......? Let's just go with LOWERED!!!!!, Why not come in out of the heat and cool off with an ice cold Oculto Lager and some tasty tacos. It's all you can eat Taco Tuesday at the Biltmore Bar & Grill. Chef Brennan is slinging tacos and Ashley and Amber are slinging the drinks! What more could you want on a hot and steamy Tuesday!, Hey everyone, we are hiring all positions! Please share with everyone that is looking for a great job at a great restaurant! Please send resume to gcastrios@tnrgboston.com or jobs@tnrgboston.com for our other locations in South Boston and Reading., Just tapped Backlash Beer Company's Oath! It's their 4th anniversary saison and it's mmm, mmm, good!, How you feeling?.. I said how you feeling? You said HOT, HOT, HOT!! Well come in and cool down with a cold beverage and some tasty bites. And if your feeling wicked smaht, then grab a seat at the bar or a table in the bar room for some stump trivia tonight at 8pm. But you'd better do it soon before the room fills up and your left out in the heat to melt away!!!, Taco, taco, taco...Taco, taco, taco... It's taco Tuesday! All you can eat tacos. MMMMMMMM!! Pair it with an Oculto lager! And you got WOW!! Taco's aren't your thing.. No worries tonight's feature is a BBQ Pork Tenderloin with country potato salad and garlicky sauteed spinach!!, Our final installment in the 30 days 30 burgers for the Boston Health Care for the Homeless Program.. The Big Finish Taco Burger brings it home with our taco seasoned chargrilled all beef patty topped with spicy aioli, pico de gallo, Monterey jack cheese, and pickled cabbage on grilled burger bun with a side of hand cut fries. Pair it with a Ballast Point Sculpin IPA and celebrate a great month of giving to a good cause!, Tonight we have the wonderful and talented Sarah Borrello playing LIVE in our Bar!!!! Show starts at 8:00 PM!! Come and Get the three "B's" at the Biltmore: BURGERS, BEER, & BORRELLO!, Hop on the Gravy Train tonight at the Biltmore! Our 30/30 Burger is topped in gooey mushroom gravy, swiss cheese, onion rings, and bacon! Our 30 Burgers in 30 Days is almost at an end, so if you haven't tried it out, what are you waiting for!?!?!, Check out our mention in #ZagatBoston for our 2 new fall openings for TNRG, Biltmore & Main and Article 24!!, Happy Hump Day!!  All kinds of good stuff happening at the Biltmore tonight....starting with tonight's 30/30 burger the Wild Forest!  Mushrooms, arugula, and goat cheese atop our house burger YUMMMM!!!  Pair this up with a pint of oatmeal stout from Otter Creek for a smorgasbord of delicious flavors....and stick around for STUMP! Trivia starting at 8!!  But best be on your game because the Upper Falls competition is fierce!  So come on in and celebrate we are half way to the weekend wahoooo!!, Tonight's 25th addition of our 30 days 30 burgers fundraising efforts in none othert than the Italian Hero. Our chargrilled all beef  patty topped with grilled capicola & salami, pickles, lettuce, tomato, onions, and cherry peppers with garlic aioli on burger bun with a side of hand cut fries! Pairs well with Roaring Brooks Gold Rush HPA!!! Come on in and help us finish the final push for our fundraising promo for The Boston Health Care for the Homeless program!!! And bonus it taco Tuesday! All you can eat tacos is a win win for everyone!!, Tonight's 30/30 Burger is the Jalapeno Cream Cheese Burger! Our chargrilled beef patty smothered in roasted jalapeno cream cheese! MMM...... so delicious!!!, Sunday 30 for 30 burger....Refried bean burger. A chargrilled all beef burger topped with refried beans, avocado crema, pico de gallo, queso fresco on a burger roll with hand cut fries! Pairing it with an Oculto Lager would be a perfect choice!, August's 22nd burger at the biltmore.....the BLT!!  Yum!  Nice and simple, yet satisfying and delicious!  Enjoy tonight's burger with a tasty HPA from Roaring Brook Brewing--an American Pale with a crisp citrus hop!  What a great summer night to relax on the patio and then come on in for drinks and enjoy the live tunes with Dan Masterson!, Tonight we got George Woods in the house from 8 to 11pm.. Come on in and kick with George & Heather and the Biltmore crew!!! We'll help you kick start the week Biltmore style!!!!, #21Crabbypattyburger for the Boston Healthcare for the Homeless program. A chargrilled all beef patty topped with a crab cake, tomato, mixed greens and Dijonnaise with a side of hand cut fries. Pairs perfectly with a Ballast Point Sculpin IPA on this steamy, stormy Friday!!! Ready for the weekend!!, Get to the Biltmore and grab a Greek Burger!  Tomato, feta, arugula, olives and homemade tzatziki sauce top tonight's burger for #30days30burgers!  AND it's pint night!  We are pouring three delicious beers from the Newburyport brewery.  And you better start working on your team name now for Stump! Trivia!  The competition is fierce!  Come on everybody our shirts don't lie..."good food, great friends, and cold beer..."  See you tonight!!!, Don't forget Hump day trivia with Josh from Stump Trivia. Room fills up fast so get in as soon as you can to claim a spot where you can catch the action! Starts at 8 and Josh rocks the room until 10pm!!!, Join us tonight for pint night with Newburyport Brewing Co.  6 to8pm! Three drafts and one can to round out a wild & wacky Wednesday like only we know how!!, Looking good Rachel!!!!, The Rachel! Burger #18 in our #30days30burgers promotion to help out the Boston Healthcare for the Homeless Program! Chargrilled burger patty topped with Swiss, coleslaw, and Thousand Island dressing with a side of hand cut fries! Showcased here with a Roaring Brook Brewing Company Gold Rush HPA (hoppy pale ale). The right amount of hops to bring out the flavor elevator in your palate!!! Going up on a Tuesday!!! Hey ya'll it's taco Tuesday too! All you can eat tacos for $12 is a steal!!!, Check out some of our restaurant week offerings!! Cowboy BBQ Plate, Grilled Caesar, Beef Skewer, Grilled Flank Steak. Just a few options for you to admire! Wipe the drool and come on over! We'll be running it all week. $30 for 3 courses paired with 3 Newburyport Brewing beers! One special on of course brewed only for The Neighborhood Restaurant Group Pinky's Neighborhood IPA! What a Deal!!!, The German Burger! Chargrilled patty topped with sauerkraut Swiss, whole grain mustard, and pickles! Das hört sich gut an! Not sure about that translation of that's good but sounds pretty darn close. Even better when paired with the refreshing Weihenstephaner Hefeweissbier!, Restaurant Week starts today! Swing by the Biltmore for an amazing menu paired with fantastic beer by the Newburyport Brewing Company!, Everything But The Kitchen Sink is a mountain of a burger that will pair perfectly with The Shed Mountain Ale. Our chargrilled patty topped with bacon, gooey cheddar, gravy, pickles, spicy cherry peppers, lettuce, tomato, and onions on burger roll with a side of hand cuts fries!!! Oooo boy coronary for sure tonight!!!, Tonight's 30/30 Burger is the Street Corn Burger! Delicious sweet corn, queso freso, jalapeno aioli, and tomato salsa on our chargrilled burger! Delicioso!, #30for30burger number 13 is the Chestnut Street Porkie. An all beef chargrilled burger topped with cheddar, our house made pulled pork, BBQ sauce, coleslaw, and pickles. Pair it with Newburyport's Pinky's Neighborhood IPA! Oh yayyyy!!! It's Thirsty Thursday!!!, Check out tonight's delicious dinner for a great cause...the Philly Burger!  Our classic burger smothered in peppers, onions, mushrooms, and finished with cheddar cheese...you won't even miss the steak!  And don't forget with every mouth-watering bite, you are helping to support a great cause - healthcare for homeless.  Also pictured is a creamy nitro coffee stout from Otter Creek.  Sip on this Couch Surfer side by side with your Philly Burger tonight!, A classic style cheese burger with a northern twist. Chef Brennan candied up some bacon and whipped up a maple aioli to bring some sweet and salty flavors to your palate on this rainy Taco Tuesday!!! Burgers and tacos, burgers and tacos!!!!, Boston Restaurant week is coming quick and we've got a sweet deal for those of you who love indulge in the tasting season. Check out the menu!, Salty and sweet it is the #PeanutButterCrunchBurger our 10th burger feature to help us raise money for the Boston Health Care for the Homeless Program. Come on you know want to try it!!!, Aloha! Tonight's 30/30 Burger is the Hawaiian Burger! Our chargrilled burger piled high with cheddar, bacon, pineapple, lettuce, tomato, and onion topped with an asian barbecue sauce!, Another champion of the Hell's Fire Wing Challenge! Nic Rhodes take a bow! Who is next? Can you handle the heat??, Tonight we have the talented Annie Brobst Music playing live in the bar! The fun starts at 8:00 pm! 30/30 Burger Charity, Hell's Fire Wings, & live music? There is always something going on at the Biltmore!!!, It's a beautiful Friday night!  Come relax on the patio and try tonight's 30/30 burger.  Chef Brennan has whipped up a super indulgent "Truffle Butter Burger" and it's delicious!  Swiss cheese and sauteed mushrooms make this a flavorful dinner you don't want to miss.  Enjoy it with our newest addition to the cocktail menu--the Southern Belle--our spin on a mango iced tea with a hint of cinnamon.  A perfect summer refreshment!, We aren't calling you chicken..... but.... if you can't handle the Biltmore's Hell's Fire Wings..... then we don't know what to say.... but if you can take the heat, and eat 12 with no assistance, you get yourself a cool $15 gift card!, Who said Bloody Mary's are only for Brunch? Come and try tonight's 30/30 Burger - our famous burger topped with our housemade bloody mary mix, cheddar, lettuce and tomato. Don't forget the olive garnish! Pair this with our signature cocktail, the Southern Belle - mango vodka, peach liqueur, lemon juice, cinnamon, and iced tea! Sooooo refreshing!, And it has begun! We had 4 challengers tonight for the Biltmore Hell Wing Challenge and 2 successful completions of consuming all 12 of Chef Shane's Fire Wings! Congratulations to Cody and Jeff for completing the challenge! Phewww they we smokin' when they finished! Very impressive boys!!! Well done!!, Talk about an angry burger! Try out our 5th burger creation for our 30 for 30 promo! This is our Fried Pepper Frenzy Burger. Grilled all beef burger topped with fried jalapenos, fried cherry peppers, cheese sauce, and bacon on a burger bun with a side of our hand cut fries! Yum YUM!!!, Burger and Beer have always been an amazing combination!  So why not put them together? Swing by the Biltmore for our Brew Burger! Our famous burger topped with swiss cheese, lettuce, tomato, and STOUT BEER CARMELIZED ONIONS, all covered in housemade STOUT BBQ SAUCE., Jimmy Pesto Burger for a good cause. $1 donation from each burger sold during our 30 for 30 promo goes to the Boston Health Care for Homeless Program! Look at how tasty it is! You know you want one!!!, Tonight's 30 for 30 burger special comes to you from Chef Shane with a little name love from one of our bartender's Madisen! It is the Jimmy Pesto Burger. A grilled beef patty topped with fresh mozzarella, grilled tomato, and pesto on a burger bun. Why Jimmy Pesto you ask? Well if you what tv I guess you would know but if you would like a hint. Bob's Burger has a nemesis and his name is JIMMY PESTO. It's so good our staff is fighting over our premeal taste! Jacob and Melanie are gonna throw down for a bite! I got money on Melanie!!, Think you can handle heat!!! Well then come on in for some of our Biltmore Hell's Fire Wings and take the Hell Wings Challenge. Eat 12 of Chef Shane's Hell Wings in his secret spicy sauce and get your photo posted here on our wall of fame facebook page and get a gift card for your next appetizer at the Biltmore (valued at $15)! You have to eat them all (alone, no help from friends or a glass of milk or bread until all the wings are gonzo!!) We're serious!!! We'll be running this promotion for as long as the hell sauce lasts!!!, 30 for 30 burger special for Sunday fun day!
Big Mac Press... Biltmore version of an undisclosed burger (you know the one we're just not telling you) Our's comes with an all beef grilled patty folded in a flat bread with gooey cheddar, pickle, lettuce, tomato, onion, and Thousand Island dressing! Taste even better with our hand cut fries! Yum!!!, Tonight at the Biltmore! The amazing and talented Annie Brobst Music. Come on down and check us out! She starts at 8:00 pm!!!, TONIGHT! We start the "30 Days - 30 Burgers" event off the right way with the Black and Blue Burger! Our famous burger covered in blackening spice topped with blue cheese, lettuce, and tomato! And remember, $1 goes to charity, so what are you waiting for???!!!!!, Ooolala! Big MacDonald Flatbread and Diablo Queiros Hell Wings on the feature specials tonight at the Biltmore! Add the rockin" tunes from Heather & George Woods with their percussion specialist and you got yourself a party! Pair it all with the White Birch Berliner Weisse and beat the heat Biltmore style!, Their back!! And will be rocking the house tonight from 8 to 11pm. Come hang out with George & Heather and keep yourself cool with a White Birch Berliner Weisse or a Bucket of Brews to share with your crew! It's Friday and we're ready for the weekend are you?, Tonight, do you have what it takes to eat Chef Shane's "Burn Your Face Off Wings" These seriously spicy wings are straight from the pits of Hell., ONLY A FEW MORE DAYS UNTIL........, null, GET READY! During the month of August the Biltmore is supporting Boston Health Care for the Homeless Program! Come in and try a signature specialty burger every day and $1 will go to this amazing program! www.bhchp.org!!, Come on in and kick it with Tammy Laforest jammin' the acoustic tunes tonight on Chestnut Street from 8 to 11!, This is the perfect way to celebrate the tequila holiday on the patio at the Biltmore!!!, All You Can Eat Taco Tuesday
Choice of chicken or beef, or summer veggies
With pico de gallo, guacamole, spicy aioli, pickled cabbage $12

Pair your tacos with an Oculto $5
A lager infused with blue agave and aged on tequila barrel staves, Wondering what you should do next Monday? We can help you decide that. Join us for a collaboration of Vermont breweries for a dinner you won't want to miss! Reserve your seat at rsvp@thebiltmoregrill.com and you are sure to have some fun as well as learn a thing or two about how things are done at 4 different breweries in Vermont. We'll be showcasing a collaboration brew from Otter Creek and Jack's Abby brewing as well as Long Trail's Limbo IPA, Otter Creek's Fresh Slice IPA, The Shed's Mountain Ale which was a previous house favorite here at the Biltmore. Also we'll have something from Wolaver's Brewing company as well. 5 brews, 4 courses and some surprise tastings along the way too! Grab your seat while there are still seats available!!!! Set your calendar to Monday July 27th for 7pm and come on in to the Biltmore to catch a ride on the Vermont beer trail Biltmore style!!!, Come in out of the heat wave and enjoy one of tonight's featured specials. Heat Wave Salad- grilled chicken and fried proscuitto over a mixed green salad tossed in a house made shallot dressing. And for bar snacks grab our fried zucchini fries with house marinara sauce while they last! Monday munchie maddness! Cool down with a frosty brew like the Jack's Abby Hopstitution #9 XPL made with Meridian and Caliente hops!, Sunday brunch is a glorious event in which diners can have a delicious breakfast like waffles, or a mouth watering lunch like a burger. But how to decide!? Our chef made the decision for you with our delicious Maple Waffle Burger! The best of both worlds! Brunch!!! Come in to try it today!!!, null, Roaring Brook Brewing in the house tonight 6 to 8pm! Come meet the brewer and chat about the Gold Rush HPA that will be flowing from our taps. Buy a pint and get a raffle ticket for a chance to win a brewery vest! Then if your feeling wicked smart stay for our Wednesday night trivia night with the Stump Trivia crew from 8 to 10pm!, Feel the rush! Gold Rush HPA... A hoppy pale ale from Roaring Brook Brewing with a refreshing flavor that will quench your thirst and please your palate! Hitting our taps soon and if you would like to meet the brewer come out to our pint night this Wednesday July 15 from 6 to 8pm., Just Tapped! Founders Brewing Co.. Dirty Bastard Scotch Ale and Victory Brewing Company Hop Devil on Nitro!, Coming to our tap lines next week for a pint night with Howard from Roaring Brook Brewing out of Killington, VT. Wednesday July 15th from 6 to 8pm you'll get to meet the brewer and taste their Gold Rush HPA! Don't miss it!, Ooooo this should cool you down a little! Come on in for some cold brews and tasty grub too!, Wednesday night pint night at the Biltmore Bar & Grill in Newton. Tonight's feature brewery is Sierra Nevada Brewing Company of Chico, CA. We will be pouring their Nooner German Style Pilsner and the India Farmhouse Ale. Come get some and if you buy a pint of either you get a free pint glass while supplies last. 6 to 8pm then stick around to catch some Stump Trivia from 8 to 10 pm! Wild wacky Wednesday are tons of fun at the Biltmore!, Industry peeps looking for work in the Reading/ North Shore area check out our newest sibling who is hiring now for FOH and BOH staff. Check out the link to their Facebook page for more info.   https://www.facebook.com/biltmoremain530, Wash the Post-Fourth of July sadness away with our signature mimosa or bloody mary! Hurry! We serve brunch until 2 and the patio is open!!!!, We are open in case you are craving some draft beer or some hog wings!!! Happy Independence Day from the Biltmore! Enjoy and be safe!!, Pint Night Tonight featuring Jack's Abby Brewing's Hopstitution #9 American Pale Lager brewed with meridian and caliente hops. Also have the always on tap Hopinius Union India Pale Lager. From 6 to 8 meet the rep get a taste of their beer and buy a pint. Why not it is pint night!!! Stick around following the event for some Stump Trivia Fun!!!, Just tapped a fresh from the barrel 100 Barrel Series Nordic Saison. And had a very special visit from one of the collaborating brewers Anders Kissmeyer! It is sooooo good!!!, It's on tonight! Must win for the #uswnt in the quest for the world cup! #shebelieves do you!!! Come on in and support the USA along with catch the Budweiser promo as well!, Getting ready for some Down the Road Beer Company fun at the Biltmore! Come on in from 6 to 8pm and get a taste of some wicked local beer! #dtrbeer, #dtrbeer Wednesday Pint Night with this beer!!!!, Another successful "All You Can Eat Taco Tuesday" at the Biltmore. Our record stands: one guest ate 9 tacos! Think you can beat that? Come and find out next Tuesday night!!!, Tomorrow evening come in and drink wicked local beer with our Pint Night Featuring Down The Road Beer Co.'s Rasenmaher Kolsch from 6 to 8pm.Followed by our weekly Wednesday night Stump Trivia from 8 to 10pm!!  #biltmorebarandgrill #pintnight #kolschale #stumptrivia, On to China and going in without #rapinoe will hurt but the #uswnt is strong and will need to step up their game. Catch the action here Friday night to support the US in their quest for the cup!, We are getting a little brother! We are excited to announce that our newest sibling Biltmore&Main is about to join our family!, Lamb Sloppy Joe! Slop-Sloppy Joe! Come on down to the Biltmore tonight!, Happy Father's Day to all of the great Dad's in the world!  Celebrate with a little beer fest!, George Woods band is setting up now to go live in our bar room at 8 PM! Enjoy some Tröegs Brewing Company Sunshine Pilsner while they play!, Tuna Poke Stack appetizer special for Thirsty Thursday, Come in tonight and watch the #uswnt give it their all to finish out number 1 in their group and advance on in the World Cup!! #uswnt #gooousa #womensworldcup #wwc2015 #shebelieves Budweiser will be in the house for a special promo and it's Taco Tuesday!!! Can't go wrong with all you can eat tacos and some tasty brews too!!!, Watch the U.s. women's soccer team take on Sweden tonight at the Biltmore! We will have Budweiser on hand with some giveaways as well as live music at 8 PM!, Coming this Wednesday for our Summer Pint Night Series we'll be featuring Ipswich Brewing Company and their Route 101 India Pale Ale for 6 to 8pm! Buy a pint and get a glass while supplies last!!!, Come to the Biltmore tonight to watch the USA's Women's team play Australia at 7:30! #uswnt #gooousa #womensworldcup #wwc2015 #shebelieves GOOO USA!, What you couldn't see, was American Pharoah was chasing after our Croissant Doughnut Waffle Stack! Hurry! Come to the Biltmore for our new Brunch menu!, Beautiful Tuesday in the house right now at the Biltmore!!! Love these two!!!!, Can't take the anticipation of this historical race! On with it American Pharaoh let's make history!!!!, Are you having one of these days?, Come watch the Women's World Cup action at the Biltmore Bar & Grill in Newton! We will be running promos each match that the USA women's team plays. First match for USA is Monday June 8th at 7:30pm! Stay tuned for promo details.... #uswnt #gooousa #womensworldcup #wwc2015 #shebelieves  GOOO USA!, About to get crazy at the B with our Battle of the Beers Light IPA Throw Down!! Don't miss out on your chance to vote for your favorite Session IPA and brewery to be featured as our People's Choice Tap line for the next three months., Here is a sampling of some of our new menu items. You can check out the new menu on our website! http://thebiltmoregrill.com/eat, Come try our new Brunch menu!!! Croissant Doughnut Waffle Stack??? YES, PLEASE!, Swing by the Biltmore for our sandwich specials tonight! The classic Reuben Sandwich and Uncle Pat's London Broil!!!!, Taking reservations for our beer dinner with Tröegs Brewing Company on Monday June 15th at 7pm. Kicking off our summer dinner series Pennsylvania style! RSVP@thebiltmoregrill.com, Tonight  George Woods and Heather Woods with their percussionist to rock the Biltmore crowd from 8 to 11pm!, null, null, Tonight's SPECIAL: Lamb Meatball Sub Sandwich!, You know what day it is! ALL  YOU CAN EAT TACO'S at the Biltmore! Come and eat your post-Memorial Day Blue's away with your choice of beef, chicken, or veggie! Can't decide, have them all! ALL YOU CAN EAT! Only $12.00! (Served until 10:00 pm), Saturday night specials at the Biltmore!!! Perfect Patio Salad, BBQ Marinated Turkey Tips, mixed greens, tomatoes, cucumber couscous in a lemon olive oil vinaigrette and Summer at the Greek Grilled Shrimp mixed greens, toasted almonds, goat cheese, strawberries and our homemade Greek dressing!, Thursday Specials at the Biltmore tonight!, It's Thirsty Thursday and the long weekend is upon us! Sunday is coming and what better way to celebrate than with this tasty dark saison from #Ommegang and #Game of Thrones! #ThreeEyedRaven!, #Tacotuesday fun! 6 to 8pm!, Tasting tonight to kick off Taco Tuesday with Sonoma Cider and their Anvil! 4-6pm Followed by Oculto from 6-8pm! Taco Tuesday madness!!!, Beer and Taco's tonight at the Biltmore! Our endless tacos for $12, and we will also be showcasing Oculto and Sonoma Cider!, New Brunch menu!!!! Mimosas, bloody marys!! Patio brunch is the best way to start your Sunday., New brunch menu today! Come check out our croissant doughnut waffle stack! Yum!!!!, Jojo's desserts include a super rich red velvet with sweet cream cheese icing, blood Orange "dreamiscle" panna cotta, decadent chocolate mousse with fresh whip cream, and Heath toffee bar cheesecake with Heath toffee pieces baked in!, We've got a few of these kicking around from our beer dinner. Come enjoy one out on the patio or while catching some sweet tunes from our live music Friday feature band!, Cinco de Mayo, all you can eat tacos starts at 4! Check out our new margaritas and the patio is open!, Big day at the Biltmore! Beer, liquor, and food specials based around the derby! The weather is nice enough to enjoy yourself outside on our patio! We also have the Red Sox, Hockey playoffs and the draft on TV's!, Swing by the Biltmore for our delicious SHRIMP RISOTTO!!!, This Saturday night! Great show!, Lagunitas Brewing Co Waldo is tapped at the Biltmore!, Cheer on the Marathon runners then meet us for lunch.  #bostonmarathon #allagash #LagunitasWaldo Going to be a great day on Chestnut St!, Still have tickets left for the Allagash 420 Munchie Madness Beer Dinner for Marathon Monday! We got our hands on some very limited release drafts for the dinner. Just tapped the Golden Brett for a preview tasting. If you  are hunkering for a dark golden American wild ale this is one you don't want to miss., Matt Borrello in the barroom tomorrow at 8pm!, The Jackie and Jeff Experience will be playing tomorrow in the bar room, starting at 8 PM!, Join us for Stump Trivia tonight at the Biltmore!, We will be one of the select few in Massachusetts offering Lagunitas' Waldo Specialty Ale on Monday 4/20! Join us for the limited release!, Reserve a spot now for our Allagash beer dinner on 4/20! The menu can be seen on the events page. Something a little bit different from us!, This time tomorrow, all you can eat Tacos!, The Boston Globe mentioned The Biltmore!, NESN's Dinning Playbook reviewed the Biltmore! Check it out!, Today we celebrate the expansion of Newburyport Brewing Co., the brewer of our very own Pinky's Neighborhood Pale Ale.  Cheers to Chris, Bill and Mike!, National Beer Day!! Thanks to the great crew at Allagash for this awesome picture, 'Murica!, We are celebrating Easter and Passover today with a beautiful buffet.  Bring your family to celebrate with ours., At this time next week you could be eating all you can eat #chicken #tacos. $12 from 5 PM to 10 PM at the Biltmore. Every #Tuesday!, #Easter #Brunch #Buffet this #Sunday! Few spots left!, #Baseball season is still a week away, but that doesn't mean you can't enjoy one of our pearl #hot #dogs now!, #Busted #bracket? Come to the Biltmore and talk it over with others in the same boat about what it could have been while enjoying the rest of the #tournament!, The Nonplussed make their return to The Biltmore tomorrow at 8 PM for #live #music in the #bar!, Tomorrow, George Woods in the #Bar room starting at 8 PM for #live #music!, What are you doing #Tonight? #Stump! #Trivia every #Wednesday at 8 PM!, Starting in 2 weeks we will be offering all you can #eat #chicken #tacos for $12 from 5 PM to 10 PM every #tuesday! Join us April 7th to kick it off!, Local 149 has something special going on #tonight! Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits #tap #takeover and #dinner!, One Week until our Wachusett Brewing Company Beer Dinner! Call us at 617-527-2550 or email rsvp@thebitlmoregrill.com to reserve a spot!, Now taking #reservations for our #Easter #Brunch! Call 617-527-2550 or email rsvp@thebiltmoregrill.com for a slot!, Want to keep up with what's happening at the Biltmore? Sign up for our newsletter in the apps tab and don't miss a thing!, Annie Brobst performing right meow in the bar room, Fried Oysters on our bar snack menu are delish!!!, Tomorrow Keeping Company is performing in the bar room at 8 PM!, A little trivia action tonight, spilling over into the dining room!, null, Kicking off our St Patrick's Day live music with Joe Sabourin of My Mother's Moustache at 4pm. Rolling into one of our house favorites George Woods at 6pm and capping off the night with Life Got Busy. Lot's of green beer, $3 Harpoon cans, and some Irish themed cocktails and dinner specials. See you there!, Munk Duane kicking off our night. Where are you?!, St Patrick's Day weekend is in full swing today. Live music starts at 5 with Munk Duane followed at 7 by Keith McEachern and headlining is Comanchero featuring the Moon Brothers. Green beer, whiskey, great shirts and even better company! Come sing the night away, Kicking off our 5 day St Patrick's Day Experience tonight at 9pm with #georgewoods!, Our 5 day St Patrick's Day Party starts tomorrow night with George Woods. Saturday we have music starting at 5 PM and finishing with Comanchero going on at 9.  Sunday, Live music brunch 12-3, Monday night Irish Trivia and Tuesday is March 17 and music starts at 4.  Green Beer, Beer Week, Corned Beef and Cabbage.  Plus, these great shirts are for sale!, First three people  that mention this sign at lunch today when free lunch, no drinks because that is against the law.  See you for lunch today!!, Check out Beautiful Tuesday tonight beginning at 8pm!, Looking to celebrate St. Patrick's? Why not start early with these awesome events!!!, Friday Night Live music coming from Annie Brobst! Check it out!, We have some new items on the lunch and dinner menu! Featured is the pesto pappardelle which is a vegetarian option here at the Biltmore!, Check out the Ballast Point Dinner at our sister restaurant Local 149 on March 23., Have you tried one of our farmers plates yet? Come in tonight for the chef's selection from our charcuterie board, grab a beer, and listen to some live music!, Swing on in today and this evening to check out our new menu as well the #acousticpoprock sounds of Beautiful Tuesday  8pm tonight in our barroom. #Beautiful2sday #comfortfood #goodbeer #biltmorebarandgrill 
https://www.facebook.com/ginger.castrios/posts/10204646936707758, Today is a great day to stop by and try our Pinky's west coast style IPA that Newburyport Brewing made just for us.  See you soon!, do you REALLY need brunch this morning?, Just tapped Troegs Nugget Nectar 2015! A juicy imperial amber ale that makes our palates scream for more, please!!, We have tapped some new beers including Allagash Brewing Company's James Bean and Sierra Nevada Brewing Company's Narwhal. If you haven't been out in awhile due to the snow, than  #digoutdineout for trivia tonight!, Valentine's Day Part 2 This Friday!!!, Remember When..., null, Good morning, we will be open at 3 today. When you are done shoveling out, head down and let us feed you. Mention this post and we will buy you one of our bar bite appetizers. See you soon, We are having Valentine's Day Part 2 this Friday for everyone that could not make it out in the snow last weekend. We will have great dinner specials and a captain's wine list with bottles starting at $25 ! Call 617-527-2550 to reserve a spot!, null, We have decided to close today, Monday the 9th. Snow stinks., Chef is offering a BBQ smoked brisket and angry sliders tonight! Get out of traffic and stop in!, Happy Snowy Super Bowl Monday!! We are open and beers are flowing. These two guys may have enjoyed the Patriots victory a little too much!!, Due to the snow we will not be opening until 4 PM today. Stay safe out there!, We have a private party going on for the Super Bowl tomorrow (2/1) and will be shutting down at 3 PM. We are sorry for any inconvenience this may cause! Go Pats!, Sorry for the delay in posting, technical difficulties! But the number we have is 26 inches! Our friend outside took a beating! We will reach out to the winners today!, We will be opening at our regular time today! And we will get a measurement from our patio as soon as we can!, Guess the amount of snow we get on our patio and the closest in inches without going over will receive a free gift card equal to the amount inches of snow we receive! #snowgate2015, Due to the Blizzard Juno, we will be closing tonight at 9PM to allow our staff and guests to get home safely. We hope everyone stays warm and safe during the storm., The George Woods Band live tonight at 8 PM in the Bar Room! Cocktails, bar snacks, and music... what more could you ask for?!, What a great crew!! Happy holidaze a little late, Tonight's special is Chef Matt's Coulotte à la Bordelaise with slice steak, potatoes gratin, mushroom duxelle, sautéed spinach, and bordelaise sauce!, Check out the news about our restaurant group growing!, Opening at our regular time today of 11:30 AM. We will be serving some brunch items all day that include: chicken and waffles, breakfast burrito, pancakes, and our Biltmore Breakfast!, Come in tonight for some live music from Beautiful Tuesday while drinking on one of our popular cocktails, The Pomegranate Smash!, Stop by the Biltmore tonight and enjoy some of our classic bar snacks: fried pickles, popcorn chicken, and the crowd favorite hog wings!, Live music every Friday and Saturday, 8-11 PM in our bar room. Listen to the sounds of George Woods and Beautiful Tuesday while snacking on some chicken and waffles and having a cocktail! Full schedule is on our website!, Tonight's special is a seafood risotto with salmon, scallops and shrimp!, Are you ready for some football? Biltmore prediction;  Patriots 31 Ravens 17
GO PATS!!!!, null, This is what's happening at the Biltmore right now! Where are you?!, Our events page on the Biltmore website is fully updated for January! See who we have playing for live music every Friday and Saturday Nights, when we have Stump Trivia, and which night is our beer dinner with Allagash Brewing Company!, Don't forget to make your New Years Eve reservations!, Come by and try our Snowbeard's Eggnog which is featured on boston.com!, null, Have you had a chance to meet Pinky yet? Our own signature #IPA made for us special by Newburyport Brewing Co.! TONIGHT come by, grab a beer, & view a live painting of Pinky himself by Markus Sebastiano!, null, Congratulations to the #winners of last nights #holiday #cocktail #competition! Peoples choice went out to Alessia from Cambridge Common in #Cambridge. The overall winner went out to Mike from Comedor in #Newton!!, null, A big thank you to everyone who came out to the Boys and Girls Club Holiday Fundraiser last night!, null, First Annual Christmas Cocktail Competition - Tuesday December 16 at 8 pm. Features Rough Rider Whiskey and Napoleon Mandarine!, null, Come check out all of our renovations!, Tomorrow night is our 3rd Annual Boys and Girls Club Holiday Fundraiser! Come join the festivities! Starts at 6PM and tickets are only $20!, TONIGHT IS THE NIGHT! after ten long hard working days will are finally #reopening our doors at 5pm for then new and #renovated Biltmore Bar and Grill! we will be having #complimentary #beer, #wine, and #food!, Tomorrows the day! the Grand Reopening! Join us 5-7 pm for complimentary wine, draft beers, and appetizers! If you can't make it tomorrow we're at it again Friday 5-7pm!, Who doesn't like free food, beer, and wine?! Join us for our two night reopening party! #reopening #party #food #beer #wine #newton #boston, We will be debuting our new look this Thursday from 5-7 PM.  Come one Come all!! We are going to have passed apps and some tasty beverages for everyone to enjoy.  Please, tell everyone.  You will be able to find us if you follow the bat signal which we will have in our parking lot!, Work Begins Today!, The Countdown Continues!
Historic Closing and Grand Re Opening Details... http://bit.ly/15GVrlp, Happy Thanksgiving from the crew at Biltmore!, null, Join Us This Sunday for our Day Long Renovation Party!
We close at 8PM to begin a massive round the clock Reno/Redo/Refresh.  Daily Updates http://bit.ly/1xUYzpo, Right Now! Biltmore Burgers for Breakfast with Brady.  Try our custom built Biltmore Standards cocktails & enjoy Pats Lions action!, Join Friends & Family Thanksgiving Eve at Biltmore's Annual Homecoming Gobble. pssst...no work next day!, TGIF! Tim Ko will be rocking the Biltmore this evening from 6-9 while the Bruins take on the Blue Jackets! Here he is http://ow.ly/EGFu1, Start your weekend early with the musical stylings of @benknightLife back by popular demand from 6-9pm. Check him out http://ow.ly/ECfpo, Biltmore Kitchen Report.... Look what you missed last night!
Just a sample of the great plates!  Kitchen was rockin'. More tonight!, Here's the latest moments from Bar...., Part of the great Biltmore Crew getting ready for another week of new nightly dinner specials and custom "Biltmore Standards" cocktails!, Berkshire Brewing Co joins Biltmore for the final Beer Dinner of Year.  Check out the Menu... http://bit.ly/1tYjxzo
Reserve Now- 617 527 2550, TGIF!  Start your weekend with us and George Woods, Justin & Victoria. Part of the Wed Biltmore FOH crew getting ready for Stump Trivia at 8PM!, null, Last Time, In Prime Time, Was Big Time.  
Get Here In Time!, Right Now!  Boyan Live at Biltmore's After Work Party., Just a few of the Thursday Night Crew.  Biltmore's Front of House Team is the best! Stop in for live music, Bruins, Football, Food & Drink., Big Music..Big Sports...Biltmore!
After Work/Pre Game Show with Alex Raven   
Then Bruins & Thursday Night Football
Where will you be?, Come test your knowledge tonight at the Biltmore with Stump Trivia!, Biltmore Wednesday Crew- Denise, Jamie & Melody  
Ready for Stump Trivia Tonight!, Melody & Saul- Part of Biltmore's Monday Crew!, Be here from the begining.
The showdown of epic proportions...or..enjoy a beer 'n burger!, Side door entrance for our prohibition party tonight!, Biltmore Staff In Costume Ready For A Big Night!
JUST ADDED- DJ Carlos will rock the B 'til late...., This Friday...After Work, Dinner or Late Night.
Prohibition Style Halloween with Vintage Cocktails & Bar Snacks
Grand Costume Contest & More Details- http://bit.ly/12Q7X0v, Our Biggest Event of The Year! Come after work & stay late...In costume or as you are... Don't miss this one!!  Details- http://bit.ly/12Q7X0v, Brand New "Biltmore Standards" Custom Cocktails- http://thebiltmoregrill.com/drink

Brand New "Sweet Treats" Biltmore Built Desserts- http://thebiltmoregrill.com/eat#tab2

Plus- Bears @ Pats!, Major League Triple Play Tonight-
Live After Work/Pre Game Music w RAVEN
Then ThursNFL & Bruins!!
Biltmore The Place To Be...., Kitchen Open Late Tonight!
Great Snacks 'n Apps for the Game!, Breakfast? Burger? Beer? Football?
All right here...., Biltmore Welcomes Andersen Valley Brewing & You!
Fun & Delicious 4 Course Dinner 7PM This Monday!
RESERVE NOW!, This Thursday! Massive Night!  Live After Work/Pre-Game Show with Ben Knight.
Then Pats & Jets in full Stadium Experience.
Big Screens, Big Sounds, Cold Beer, ...A Great Way To End A Long Holiday Weekend!, This Sunday at The Biltmore! 
One Night!  5 Top Breweries! 
No Work Next Day!
Details-  http://bit.ly/1s34ipc, This Sunday! One Night! 5 Brewers! 
 And Football! No Work Next Day!
Details- http://bit.ly/1s34ipc, Join Us Tonight!, Find Out Tonight!
Biltmore Stadium Experience
http://bit.ly/1pXudcA, Begins This Sunday!
Donate Now! http://cancer.dartmouth.edu/dv/donate.html, Don't miss these two after work shows!
Only at Biltmore,,,,,, Big Prizes...Big Fun...Biltmore!, BIG Screens....BIG Sound...NO Commercials..
Better Than Being There!, This Monday!
First in our series of American Whiskey Dinners!
Complete Menu Details- http://bit.ly/1wdtHfY, This Sunday- $15 Tailgate Buffet Brunch!  Experience The Game "Stadium Style"! Only at The Biltmore!, All This Thursday- BOGO BiltmoreBurgers All Day/Night, Live After Work Music & Thursday Night Football!  http://bit.ly/1m8IOqq, ALL DAY/NIGHT THIS THURSDAY! Buy 1 Biltmore CB & Get1Free!, Biltmore!   $15 Tailgate Buffet Brunch! Sunday from 11AM...           Pats @ Vikings 1PM....., Live Music After Work?....Thursday Night Football?  Biltmore!  http://bit.ly/1pawyjQ, Just Announced!...Bigger Prizes.. Get Stumped Tonight at Biltmore  http://bit.ly/1nLkLcu, Our First Fall American Wiskey Dinner!  Details- http://bit.ly/1wdtHfY, This Sunday! New Season. New $15 Tailgate Buffet...  Details- http://bit.ly/1tbekCD, ...today after work?.....Biltmore!  http://bit.ly/1rF16Qa, After Work?  Join Us!  http://bit.ly/1r6VNow, Tonight!.....Don't forget....just in case, click for more- http://bit.ly/1poiGT5, This Sunday-  FOOTBALL FANATIK!   RU1?
 For more... http://bit.ly/1B91SIi, Perfect Cold Beer Weather...Updated Drink Menu! http://thebiltmoregrill.com/drink, Summer Nights on the Patio...Delicious Enjoyment....., Brunch This Weekend?.....Biltmore!, Friday After Work Rocks at Biltmore..., This Wednesday. Where do they come up with these questions?  Great music while you come up with an answer......, Tonight could be the best night of the summer for al fresco dining!, Complete Menu & Tickets- http://bit.ly/1kJZgg0, This Monday.  Purchase Tickets & Complete Menu- 
  http://bit.ly/1kJZgg0, Join Us!, Tickets at eventbrite.com
Complete Details & full menu at thebiltmoregrill.com, We at the Biltmore have challenged our counterparts at the Local 149 in Southie to a ice bucket challenge in support of ALS. Lets see it!, Live Music After Work    This Thursday!, Next Monday....Tix at eventbrite....Don't miss this one....., Brunch?.....Biltmore!......Patio?
......Perfect!, Could this be the best weather weekend of the summer? Biltmore Patio is Ready!, Throwin it Back Thursday- Bar in The Back 'n High Tops Everywhere, null, null, null, null, null, null, Beer will be chillin 
food will be grillin
& our big house sound will pumpin!
THIS THURSDAY, null, null, Perfect Patio Tuesday, If you know?.....you'll know!, A great Sunday choice!, Thanks Newton!, Gettin Ready For The Weekend!  And...it's National Tequila Day!, I feel like such a dummy, but always good for laughs...oh yeah and education!, Perfect Time For A Cool Summer Drink...., Lookin forward to this one....., Big Night Monday 21st-  An oustanding 100% Gluten Free Menu Prepared For The Downeast Brewer's Dinner....then INDUSTRY..., null, Perfect Patio Weekend, Throwin it Back Thursday: Biltmore's 1st renovation circa 2007- Original white ceiling and bar at the back wall...., Old and Really Old Beer Neon...still workin..., null, Chef Chris has put together some duck fat biscuits and gravy for our brunch buffet! Make sure you grab some before 2pm and stay for the World Cup!, null, Our Mayflower Brewing Company Beer Dinner on June 30th, 2014, The patio's waiting...where are you?!, We are selling a good amount of our seafood risottos tonight! Better get here quick to get one!, Freshly Tapped Narragansett Beer Del's Shandy!, Fish Taco Tuesday! Fried Catfish with corn tortillas, pico de gallo, guacamole, and lemon rice, We have four new desserts! Tiramisu, coconut cream pie, ginger snap bread pudding, and berries and cream lemon cake!, Tonight's Bolognese Pappardelle...rich beef ragu and lots of parmesan. Perfect for a rainy night., Come in tonight and enjoy our beautiful patio! Try our Cool as a Cucumber and a new entree...perhaps the Grilled Swordfish Kabobs with parsnip puree, orzo, green olives and sunflower seeds!, Come in tonight to try our new dinner menu! Featured here is the Burrata Caprese with torn basil, grilled salami and heirloom tomatoes. Also new...Broiled Gloucester Lemon Sole with warm quinoa succotash, chili butter & fried leeks!, Have you tried any of our new cocktails? Pictured here is our Mexican Sangria. We make it with sauvignon blanc, tequila, agave, mint and lots of fresh citrus...so refreshing!, Brunch buffet is underway! Our Bloody Mary bar is all stocked up and ready to go!, Tonight's special: duck confit bistro salad with honey roasted carrots, green olives, jalapeño, grilled ham, mustard vinaigrette, and a fried egg., Don't let the weather dampen your holiday weekend. Come enjoy our new cocktails featuring the Biltmore Storm!, Monday's North Coast beer dinner was fantastic. If you weren't here this is what you missed! Next up is Mayflower Brewing Company on June 23rd. Menu coming soon!, Come try out new Spring/Summer cocktail menu. Featured here is the 12 Mile Limit and the Cool as a Cucumber!, Stump Trivia is cancelled for the evening due to game 7 of the Bruins playoffs. The sound will be on and the taps will be flowing...come on in! Go Bruins!, Stop in for a brew and a taste of our special tonight! #prixfixetuesday, null, HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL OF THE LOVELY MOTHERS OF THE BILTMORE. There is still an hour and a half to make yourself the best bloody in town!, It's BRUINS TIME!!!, Did you know our moments boards change weekly?! Come checkout our drafts, bottles, and cocktails of the moment!, Summer beers are here!! Come check out the seasonal selection!!, At the Spring Seasoning event with Newton Needham Chamber serving Lamb Terrine with Sweet Pea Purée and Sautéed Honshimeji Mushrooms #dinelocal, Wicked excited about attending the Spring Seasonings event hosted by the Newton Needham Chamber. #yum #dinelocal, Take a look at the new Lagunitas Brewing Co Beer we have on our rotating line! , null, Saturday Duck Confit Special!!! Served over Turkey Chili!! #yum #specials, Join us for a SPORTS FILLED WEEKEND of Bruins, Red Sox, and The Kentucky Derby!! Kicking off tomorrow with a 12:30 puck drop!, Kentucky Derby is this Saturday! Bring your fancy hats and sip on some Mint Juleps at the Biltmore!, Photos from our beer dinner!!, Tonight we are hosting The Newburyport Brewing Company Beer Dinner!!! 

Bar will still be serving the regular dinner menu along side out Hot Turkey Sandwich special for $10!!!!, Have you been in for our Sunday Brunch Buffet yet? If not you're missing out on made to order omelettes and pancakes, fresh salads, Island Creek oysters, freshly made desserts and much more! We're serving it every Sunday from 10am to 3pm., This Monday look out for our Beer Dinner featuring beers from Newburyport Brewing Co.!! For $50 join us for a Clam Bake inspired menu, friends, cold beer, and good times.

1st: Plum Island Belgian White
Ipswich steamers, salt cod fritter, Fresno chili butter, citrus & coriander broth

2nd: Newburyport Pale Ale
Stuffed Quahog, grilled razor clams, Andouille, lemon aioli
Newburyport Pale Ale

3rd: Green Head IPA
Shucked Kittery Lobster, warm potato salad, little neck chowder, baby back ribs  
Green Head IPA

Dessert :Joppa Stout
Smoked Bacon & Corn ice cream, warm chocolate stout cake

You can make a reservation by calling the restaurant directly at 617-527-2550 or sending an email to RSVP@thebiltmoregrill.com, The Sox are on and the beers are flowin'. Come on down for a wicked good time., Tonight's Lamb Burger Special with Grilled Eggplant, Tomato, Arugula, and a Mint Yogurt!! #LambBurgerMonday, Our App Special tonight made with Quinoa! #yum, We are proud to be one of five places in Massachusetts to offer Lagunitas Brewing Co's Waldos' Special! Stop by before we run out!, Tonight's Duck Confit Special with Spanish Style Basmati Rice and Sauce Mole for $20!!, Trivia tonight! Join us at 8pm for Stump! Trivia and a bar snack!!, Tonight's Prix Fixe! First Course Panzanella Salad, Second Course Sheikh el Mishi, and Greek Yogurt Cake for Dessert!!, Saturday's Duck Confit Special! Marinated Artichoke Hearts, Katamala Olives, Sweet Red Pepper, Petite French Lentils, Mascarpone! #yum #saturdayspecial, COME CHECK OUT OUR NEW LUNCH MENU FOR SPRING!! Pictured is our Mediterranean Plate with house hummus, marinated feta, olives, and romaine leaves., Tonight's Special: Slow Braised Pot Roast with Creamy Grain Mustard Spaetzle, Caramelized Fennel & Red Onion, Leeks, and Spring Peas!, Have you heard of Lost Nation Brewing in Morrisville, VT? Well we've got their Gose on draft now. Brewed with coriander and sea salt it's unique and delicious! Come in and have one with some Island Creek Oysters for a truly great pairing., Truffled Mushroom Toast, whipped ricotta, shaved truffle, button mushroom, and sherry, all for $6, We are back up and running!!! Pictured here is the Jack's Abby Brewing Mass Rising!, We are closed for construction today. We'll be reopening tomorrow at 4pm for dinner. See you then!, We will be closing at 6pm today, April 6th for scheduled construction. We will re-open at 4pm on Tuesday, April 8th., Here at the Biltmore Bar and Grill we put the fun in Fundito!, Gearing up for the beer dinner!, We will be closing at 6pm on Sunday, April 6th for scheduled construction. We will re-open at 4pm on Tuesday, April 8th., Late night has started!!  Come grab a brew and some Thai Chicken Wraps! #barsnacks, Tuesday night Prix Fixe menu: scallion pancake with apricot duck sauce, orange chicken and fried rice, and green tea cake for dessert!, null, Beer Flight + Opening Day = Prefect Afternoon #openingday, Current Charcuterie and Cheese selections! Available until midnight!, Don't forget tomorrow is Industry Night!! 50% off late night food!!!, Upcoming Events:
April 28th- Newburyport Brewing Co. Beer Dinner
May 19th- North Coast Brewing Company Beer Dinner
June 23rd- Mayflower Brewing Company Beer Dinner
and in July we are partnering with Downeast Cider House for a Gluten Free Beer Dinner!!

You can make a reservation for all of these by calling us directly or sending an email to RSVP@thebiltmoregrill.com!

We hope to see you soon!, Tonight's Braised Pot Roast with truffle polenta, roasted fennel, morels, kale and jus., Tonight's App Special Crispy Truffle Polenta with Smoked Ham Broth, and Preserved Peach for $11! #sosogood, Our dessert on our three course Prix Fixe menu tonight, Baked Alaska!, Fontanafredda Wine Dinner is in full swing! Don't forget our dinner menu is still available. Stop in for a bite!, New cocktail moment!! Lime In The Coconut, made with coconut tequila! #IsItSummerYet?, Spring is in the air and so is March Madness! We have wings, and other great Bar Snacks to enjoy the games with. Come grab a cold one and a spot at the Bar! We open at 11:30!, Don't know about yours, but our Billion Dollar Bracket is already busted. Come cheer up with a brew and a late night bar snack!, Don't forget that Stump Triva starts at 8pm! Yuengling's returning on draft today, too...two great reasons to be here tonight!, Here is the first course of our Tuesday Prix Fixe menu. Caramelized onion and duck rangoons with apricot glaze and beet mustard!, We still have seats left for our Fontanafredda wine dinner Monday, March 24th! Sign up now by emailing rsvp@thebiltmoregrill.com!
$70/person plus tax&gratuity
6:00pm

Creamy Fontina Risotto
White asparagus salad, truffle honey, fried oregano
2012 Arneis "Briccotondo"
 
Seared Golden Trout
Ham hock & green garlic scampi, prune jam, ricotta aioli
2010 Dolcetto d'Alba "Briccotondo"
 
Handmade Saffron Tagliatelle "Tajarin"
Brodo di capra, toasted morels, mustard cabbage, Parmesan
2009 Langhe Nebbiolo
 
Whole Roast Wild Goat
Truffle polenta, borlotti beans, funghi cocao, cherry peppers
2008 Barolo "Serralunga"
 
Hazelnut Cake
Warm Nutella, peach preserves, orange glaze
2012 Moscato "Briccontondo", Celebrate St. Paddy's Day with our House Corned Beef, Braised Cabbage, New Potato Hash, and Buttered Radish! #ComfortFood, Come join us for some Baked Shepherd's Pie and  a Guinness!, It's National Potato Chip Day! In celebration, Chef has made some delicious potato chips for his Boursin & caramelized onion dip... $5 on the bar snack boards tonight! Mmmm..., End the week with a GREAT lunch at The Biltmore! 
Start your Lunch Loyalty card today!, Eggs in Purgatory is on the Bar Snacks! Come in for a #LateNightSnack, Wednesday Night Risotto Special! Grilled Lamb & Eggplant Roulades, Baby Tuscan Kale, Ricotta Salata, Paprika Oil all for $20!, Hey, come here often?

We have a NEW LUNCH LOYALTY PROGRAM! Ask your server about it the next time you are in!!!, What are you doing tonight?! Call your friends because tonight is Wednesday night trivia at The Biltmore Bar and Grill!

Starts at 8 get here early to get a spot!, Our Prix Fixe menu tonight! First Crispy Ricotta Gnocchi, Second Spiced Lamb "London Broil", and to finish Caramelized Banana and Chocolate Mousse Trifle all for $30!, It's industry night! You have a half hour left to get your half priced pub menu!!, Tonight's special Braised Beef Pot Pie, with a Crispy Pastry Shell, and Ginger Infused Braising Jus. #yum, Just a reminder that we will be closing for a private party at 3pm today!, We will be closing TOMORROW, Saturday, March 8th at 3:00pm for a private event. We will be serving lunch starting at 11:30am., In addition to our Thursday special of Bolognese we are serving a Spicy Shrimp Salad with Roasted Vegetable Bruschetta, and Pistachio Gremolata., Tonight's Prix Fixe
1st: Grilled Salami Bruschetta with chilled eggplant salad, roasted peppers, red wine mozzarella and pistachio pesto. 
2nd: Broiled Gloucester Flounder with jumbo lump crab tossed in sea urchin butter, fried leeks and fingerling potatoes.
3rd: Whoopie Pie, chocolate mousse, whipped cream
All this for $30!, 27 minutes until DOLLAR  Island Creek Oysters! 4-6pm in the bar room!, Get ready for another fantastic Prix Fixe Menu Special tonight! Stay tuned for a post about the menu!, Happy Friday!  Come kick your weekend off with us!  Warm up with a beer flight or some chicken noodle soup 🍻🍴👍, It's only 2 days away from our next Sunday brunch buffet! Book your reservations now! The $18 includes some of our house-made charcuterie!!! #brunch, Tonight's special is a prix fixe menu for $35!  First course: Tasso Ham with Broccoli, Tomato Brown Butter Sauce and Polenta Croutons. Main course: Short Rib Carbonara.  Finish that off with a house-made Sweet Potato Ice Cream Sundae!  🍴👍🍨, Our Oskar Blues Brewery beer dinner from start to finish!  See you all next time! 🍻, We can't wait for our beer dinner tonight with Oskar Blues Brewery!  🍻 We will have room for regular dinner service tonight as well.  See you soon!, Tonight's special: Pot Pie Cassoulet with Braised Beef, Sausage, Bacon, white beans, Gravy, Roasted Vegetables, Crispy Potato Shell, and a Drizzle of Truffle Oil. All for $17!, Here's the Bloody Mary bar! We've got all the fixings!, It's our first Brunch Buffet! Made to order omelettes & pancakes, Maple Mustard Roasted Chicken, Atlantic Salmon with Caper Brown Butter and much more. And a dessert table!, Join us tonight for Crispy Duck Confit with a Jasmine Rice & Lentil Cake and Tomato Brown Butter... Trust us you don't want to miss this! 🍴, Starting today we are serving our lunch menu on Saturdays! You'll still have some brunch-y options...Smoked Salmon BLT, Biltmore Breakfast Sandwich and Chicken & Waffles!, What are you doing Monday night?  Join us for our dinner with Oskar Blues Brewery! There are still a few spots left!  

Family Style
Crispy oysters with remoulade
Ham and biscuits with honey butter
Okra beignet with spicy mayo
Dale's Pale Ale

Liver and Onions
Pate de campagne and caramelized Vidalia onion tart 
with arugula, pistachio gremolata
G'Knight Imperial Red IPA

Shrimp and Grits
Grilled head on prawn and seared cheddar grits 
with warm chorizo vinaigrette
Deviant Dale's IPA

... and Waffles
Crispy whole fried Quail with roasted garlic and thyme waffles
braised collard greens, tasso
Old Chub Scotch Ale

Buttermilk Pound Cake
Sweet potato ice cream with pecan praline
Ten Fidy Imperial Stout, Our first Stump Trivia night starts at 8pm! Come enjoy some beers and bar snacks while participating in a little friendly competitive gaming!, Our first prix fixe Tuesday! First: Duck Rillette with a soft cooked egg and truffle vinaigrette. Second: Seared Duck Breast with apple squash butter, baby carrots and pomegranate gastrique. Third: Ice cream sandwich with strawberry puree, whipped orange mascarpone and aged balsamic. Get this for $30!, Our Monday special! Lamb Burger with Cucumber Yogurt, Arugula, Tomato, and Crispy Carrot Strings on Brioche Bun! Can you say yum?!, OH BOY, OH BOY!!! We have a lot planned for today!
We are opening at 11 am for lunch with some brunch specials to celebrate President's Day!!

It's also our 3rd industry night. Celebrate "Washington's Birthday" with 50% off our bar snacks and late night menu. Cheers!, We have some awesome late night bar snacks! Celebrate no work tomorrow with some Ribeye Carpaccio! #HappyPresidentsDay, Kitchen is open till 11! Plenty of time to come on down and grab some pub fries!, Quick! Get here for brunch and Bloodys before bunkering down for the next snowstorm!, Happy Valentine's Day from your friends at The Biltmore Bar and Grill !  Get your sweetheart something special and reserve two spots to our beer dinner with Oskar Blues Brewery on Monday, February 24th !  💕🍻👍❤️, Getting all of our ducks in a row for  Chef's prix fixe Valentine's dinner! (you can order from the full dinner menu as well), Cure your snow woes with a nice big bowl of bolognese! ❄️🍴🍷 We are open, just be careful of the parking ban!, Weather got you down?  Cheer yourself up by reserving a spot to our upcoming Beer Dinner with Oskar Blues Brewery !  Here's a peek at the menu our Chefs came up with this time: 

"Blues & Soul"
Monday, February 24th, 7:00pm

Family style
Crispy oysters, remoulade
Ham and biscuits, honey butter
Okra beignet, spicy mayo
Dale’s pale Ale

Liver and Onions
Pate de campagne, caramelized Vidalia onion tart, arugula,
pistachio gremolata
G’Knight Imperial Red IPA

Shrimp and Grits
Grilled head on prawn, seared cheddar grits, warm chorizo vinaigrette
Deviant Dale’s IPA

… and waffles
Crispy whole fried Quail, roasted garlic and thyme waffles, braised collard greens, tasso
Old Chub Scotch Ale

Buttermilk Pound Cake
Sweet potato ice cream, pecan praline
Ten Fidy Imperial Stout

$55 plus tax & gratuity, Wait for the call over a few #BrewsAtTheBilt, Do you love our Bloody Mary's? Do you love brunch? 
The Biltmore is starting a NEW BRUNCH BUFFET!

Featuring:
-Bloody Mary Bar 
-House Charcuterie
-Omelette Station
-Raw Bar 

On February 23rd we will be debuting our creatively loaded Brunch Buffet! Be there or be square!, It's new menu roll out day!!! Join us tonight for some of our awesome new dishes!  Pictured here: our new seared yellowfin tuna nicoise... Healthy & delicious! 🍴, Sneak peak of our new dinner menu debuting tonight...Lamb Shank served with French lentil ragout, marinated ricotta salata and shaved fennel., Don't forget about industry night tonight!  Half off all of your food and of course the chance to hang out with these two! 🍻👍 🍴 See you tonight!, Awesome weekend at the Biltmore full of Good times, good friends, and cold beers! Join us any time of the week for some #BrewsAtTheBilt. We take reservations online, and over the phone! Cheers!, Tonight's Pot Roast. Braised and served with beet & golden raisin purees, seared cauliflower & stout foam., Good news for brunch-goers!  We are switching up our brunch game on Sunday the 23rd.  We're going buffet-style, including a bloody mary bar and a build-your-own omelette station. Stay tuned for more details!, We're open! Serving our newly extended pub menu, bar snacks, cheese and charcuterie and oysters! Pictured with our new Saledo Pomelo., Come on down for some snow day fun! We open at 11:30!, You have 40 minutes left to get here for $1 Island Creek Oysters!, Have you tried our Cider Braised Pork Shank yet?, Follow us @thebiltmoregrill on Instagram!  And don't forget about $1 Island Creek oysters from 4-6pm today in the bar room,  or industry night from 10-12pm tonight!  See you later 🍻👍, Join us for the game and tonight's special: Slow braised balsamic glazed beef with maple carrot purée, whipped ricotta, roasted pistachios and herb salad 🍴, Tonight's special: 16 oz Pork Porterhouse with carrot stuffed mushrooms, cauliflower purée, and soy balsamic glaze.  Heck yeah! 🍴👍, NEW OYSTER ARE IN TONIGHT!!! Battle of the oysters, which do you prefer?!, Did you know?  Effective immediately Monday late night is industry night at the Biltmore!  Join us for half off any late night menu item, bar snack, cheese and charcuterie as well as $1 Island Creek Oysters!  See you then! 🍴🍻😄, If you'd like a little taste of our beer dinner with Jack's Abby Brewing from Monday night, join us for some house made Smoke & Dagger ice cream and pair it with a Lashes Lager 🍻🍨, Tonight we have our Lamb Sliders with tzatziki sauce, arugula, tomato, and crispy shallots! Come on down and give them a try!, Thank you to everyone who made last night's Jack's Abby dinner so successful!, Pictured here the second course of our Jack's Abby Brewing beer dinner:  seared venison with trumpet mushrooms, toasted almond crema and winter citrus, Our dining room will be closed at 7pm tonight for our beer dinner with Jack's Abby Brewing.  The bar room will still be open so come check out the fun!  Stay tuned for pictures from the beer dinner.  Cheers! 🍻, Come warm up with a brew and tonight's special: house made merguez sausage with rice pilaf🍴🍻🍷, Island Creeks and Well Fleets tonight!, Come warm up with tomato basil soup! ❄️🍵, Our Cheese, Charcuterie and Oyster selection for the evening, The count down to dollar oysters is over! Beat the storm and join us in the bar from 4-6 for dollar Island Creek Oysters!, Closing up shop at 4:00 today to throw our staff a much deserved holiday party! We'll be back tomorrow for lunch., We will be serving lunch until 4pm today, after which we are closing for our staff appreciation party. Thank you for your understanding!, Come checkout our inventive nightly specials! Tonight we have whipped up a fantastic Pork Milanese with pumpkin bisque, crispy cauliflower, and a fennel apple slaw., Tonight's special: Grilled Pork Loin with Apple, Golden Beets and Potatoes 🍴, To correct our earlier post we will be closed for dinner on Monday the 20th. On a brighter note we ain't closed tonight! Come out for some #BrewsAtTheBilt and our house made Hog Head Rillette!, null, Hello friends. We will be closing at 4pm on Monday, January 21st for our staff appreciation party. We will be serving lunch so come grab a bite and a cold one! Sorry for any inconvenience., Join us for dessert!  Tonight's special is cinnamon bread pudding with Kahlua, coffee and ricotta cream.  Yes, please! 🍴, Tonight's Cioppino: Pollack, shrimp, mussels and squid with a risotto cake and black Tuscan kale chips., We've got two new suspects on the Meat & Charcuterie boards tonight!  In front is a Hog Head Rillette with Shallot Jam, and an Eggplant Terrine (vegetarian friendly) with Pea Tendrils. 🍴, Rain got you down? Brighten up your night with a brew and our delicious Lamb Slider Special., We've got the perfect duo to cure your Monday blues!  Join us tonight for basil pistachio pesto risotto with bacon lardons & Burrata.  Follow that up with apple cranberry crisp topped with salted caramel ice cream 🍴See you soon!, Join us for salted caramel ice cream tonight.  Gluten free and delicious!, Tonight's special is a house made sausage plate.  Finish that with some salted caramel ice cream- also made here in house! 🍴🍨, Tonight we're offering Island Creeks and Rocky Nooks. Come enjoy some with a glass of Cava or Muscadet., Start your week off right Monday the 27th!  We've teamed up with Jack's Abby Brewing Company for another awesome beer dinner.  See the menu below.  Call and make your reservations today!

Jack’s Abby
Monday, January 27th, 7:00 pm
$65 per person, all inclusive

Passed hors d’oeuvres
Island Creek oyster shooter, crème fraiche gelato
Crispy fried haloumi 
Cotechino sausage, pickled mustard seed
Jabby Brau

1st
Pan seared rainbow trout, chorizo parsnip puree, 
warm golden potato salad, Brussels sprouts leaves
Hoponius Union

2nd 
Seared venison, trumpet mushroom,
 toasted almond crema, winter citrus
 Jack’s Evil Brew

3rd  
Pot au feu
 Braised beef cheeks, oxtail, marrow, root vegetables
Framinghammer 

4th 
Smoke & Dagger ice cream float, salted sassafras caramel swirl
Smoke & Dagger / Lashes Lager, Did you know?  We offer $1 oysters in the bar room from 4-6pm, Monday through Friday.  Tonight serving Island Creeks and Rocky Nooks!, Come in and watch the Rose Bowl tonight!  We will have the sound on! On our bar snack boards tonight: Polenta Cake with Mushroom Ragu and Braised Beef 🍴🍷🍻, null, Tonight's addition: Pan Seared Monkfish with polenta crouton, cioppolini onion, brussel sprout leaves and roasted walnut & jalapeno puree, Today's lox plate is coming with timbale- yum!  See you soon! 🍴🍳☕️, Going to try and get the patio open, but the rest of our restaurant will be open at 11:30!, We are open! ❄️, Happy New Year! If your New Year's resolution involves drinking better beer and eating delicious food then join us today! We're serving lunch starting at 11:00 am with several brunch specials. And as always our draft lines are pouring the good stuff., Our Prix Fixe menu price tomorrow night has changed.  Enjoy three creative courses for $45.  Call us and make your reservations today!  We will be offering a festive beverage menu as well including: Aviation, French 75, and a Champagne Cocktail.  What better way to ring in 2014?🍴🎉🍸, Come in for a house-made sausage plate with mustard spatzle and apple celery root slaw 🍴👍, Have you made your reservations for our New Years Eve special Prix Fixe dinner? It is $65 per person for three courses.  Then join us in the bar for a complimentary Champagne toast to ring in 2014!

First

Carrot soup
Crispy oysters, watercress, tarragon cream, scallion batons
~
Charcuterie
Lamb rillette and merguez, oyster mushroom, herb salad, charred fennel 
~
Timbale
House smoked salmon, bluefish pate, horseradish, caviar, golden potato blini 
~
Kale Salad 
Warm bacon vinaigrette, Boucherone, radish, apple, toasted walnut
~
Fondue
Grafton cheddar, house made Andouille sausage, brioche
~
Gnocchi
Butternut squash puree, sage brown butter, roasted walnut oil
~
American Caviar 
Accoutrements

Second

Monkfish 
Toasted spätzle, ciopollini, pancetta, charred eggplant purée
~
Long Island Duck Breast
Confit and mushroom Wellington, Swiss chard, pickled cranberry, game reduction
~
Braciole
Kabocha squash purée, braised endive, torched hollandaise, demi glace
~
Jumbo Shrimp
Miso butter, baby bok choy, coconut rice, sweet hoisin glaze, hazelnut
~
Pork Shank
Root vegetable ragout, kale, apple chutney
~
Roasted Half Chicken
Chorizo stuffing, Brussels sprouts, maple mustard glaze

Third
 
Warm Chocolate Cake 
Mint ice cream, candy cane anglaise, Tonight's bolognese is coming with polenta cake and crispy fried Brussels sprouts leaves on top!  Yum! 🍴🍷👍, We will be closed on Christmas Day but will be open at 11:30 am for lunch on Thursday. Have a very happy and safe holiday!, We're open! Take a break from last minute shopping and grab lunch and a beer! We'll be open until 9pm., Have you made your New Years Eve plans yet?  Join us for a prix fixe three course menu for $65, then stick around in the bar for a complimentary champagne toast at midnight! 🎉🍴🍻, Island Creek in the house!, Tonight's Special is the Slow Roasted Pot Roast. Scarlet Lentil Ragout, Crispy Shiitake, and Braising Jus., It's bolognese night!  Coming with shells tonight 🍴🍷, How will you be ringing in the New Year?  Join us for a Prix Fixe 3 course menu!  $65 per person, tax & gratuity not included.  Then stick around for a complimentary champagne toast!  Make your reservations online today!, We are open!  Come in for a draft of the moment:  Blue Hills Black Hops, Abita Macchiato Stout, or a Troegs Mad Elf 🍻, Thank you to everyone who came to the Holiday Fundraiser tonight!  Hope you all had as much fun as we did!  Thanks for helping us raise money for a great cause! ❄️⛄️👏🍻, We will be closed for lunch and dinner today. For those of you with tickets for tonight's Boys & Girls Club fundraiser, we'll see you at 6:00! We'll have a very limited number of tickets available at the door. We will reopen for lunch at 11:30 am tomorrow. See you then!, Have you made plans for NYE yet?  Here is a sneak peek at the special prix fixe menu we are offering that evening.  Make your reservations today!

First

Carrot soup
crispy Oysters, watercress, tarragon cream (scallion batons)
~
Charcuterie
Lamb rillette and merguez, oyster mushroom, herb salad, charred fennel 
~
Timbale
House Smoked salmon, bluefish pate, horseradish , caviar, golden potato blini 
~
Kale Salad (chopped)
Warm bacon vinaigrette, Boucherone, radish, apple, toasted walnut
~
Fondue
Grafton Cheddar , house made Andouille sausage, brioche
~
Gnocchi
Butternut squash puree, sage brown butter, roasted walnut oil
~
American Caviar, accoutrements

Second

Monkfish
Toasted spätzle, ciopollini, pancetta, charred eggplant purée

~
Long Island Duck Breast
Confit and mushroom Wellington, Swiss chard, pickled cranberry, game reduction
~
Braciole,
Kabotcha squash purée, braised endive, torched hollandaise, demi glace
~
Jumbo Shrimp
Miso butter, baby bok choy, coconut rice, sweet hoisin glaze, hazelnut
~
Pork Shank
Root vegetable ragout, kale, apple chutney
~
Roasted Half Chicken
Chorizo stuffing, Brussels sprouts, maple mustard glaze

Dessert

Warm chocolate cake, mint ice cream, candy cane anglaise, Stay safe and warm everyone!  We'll be here if you feel like venturing out! 🍻🍴⛄️❄️, New to the charcuterie boards tonight:  Lamb Rissole! Lamb meat, chorizo, garlic, herbs, onions and bread crumbs all fried together and served with crostini 🍴, We are nearly sold out for this years Holiday Party to raise funds for the Boys & Girls Club of Newton!  The limited amount of tickets left will be available at the door on Monday first come, first serve!  Thanks everyone!!! See you Monday! 👏⛄️😄🍷🍻, Tonight's Farmers Plate: Burrata, Chèvre rolled in Herbs de Provence, house made Merguez and house made Chicken Liver Mousse, What a game!  Come see us for a victory beer and tonight's  special: Turkey Pot Pie 🍴🍗, Have you bought your tickets yet to our holiday party?  All proceeds will go to the John M. Barry Boys & Girls Club of Newton.  The party is Monday the 16th from 6-9pm.  We'll have food, open bar, prizes and more!  Email, call or stop in to get your tickets today! ⛄️❄️🍻, Chef Frank's apple cake with hard cider caramel is back tonight!, Come in for a deep fried turkey leg-- King Arthur's Fair style!, Bar Snacks today: pumpkin goat cheese arancini to the left and Thanksgiving croquettes!  Confit turkey, mashed potato and chorizo stuffing battered and fried and covered in gravy! Yes, please!, null, We took down our fall decorations and our chefs turned the pumpkins into a sauce for our special tonight!  Join us for pumpkin risotto with bacon lardons, apple, arugula and goat cheese!  Skip the lardons to make this vegetarian friendly., Tonight's special is a house made sausage plate, including the lamb rillette featured in the Boston Globe today, http://www.bostonglobe.com/magazine/2013/12/01/two-shakes-lamb-biltmore-newton/TV55TRHYvJkvsDHuKWYenN/story.html, We've got prime rib and the Bruins on!  What more could you need?  Cold beer?  We've got plenty of that too! 🍻, We hope everyone had a nice Thanksgiving!  Sick of turkey yet?  Come in for some pot roast!, Bar snacks tonight: gravlox canapé and sriracha fries!  Come in for a pre-Thanksgiving beer and some snacks! 🍻👍, We will be closed tomorrow for the holiday.  Wishing everyone a safe and happy Thanksgiving!  We will be open again Friday morning at 11:30am for lunch. 🍁🍴🍷🍗, Have you purchased your ticket to our Second Annual Holiday Party to benefit the  John M Barry Boys & Girls Club of Newton yet?  Monday, December 16th from 6-9pm join us for complimentary food & drink, the usual friendly faces and fun, plus prizes-- all for $20 toward a great cause.  Call 617-527-2550, email rsvp@thebiltmoregrill.com or simply ask the next time you're in!  

Happy Thanksgiving to all of our friends!, Tonight's special is risotto-- steak and eggs style!  We'll see you soon!, Tonight's special is beef & chicken stew!  Perfect for this cold weather ❄️🌀⛄️🍴, Tonight's dessert special: Chef Frank's Apple Cake with Hard Apple Cider Caramel and Whipped Cream, Bolognese night at The Biltmore!, A few shots from the wine dinner Monday!, On the bar snack boards tonight: Wild Mushroom Croquettes with Honey Aioli and Basil Oil, First Course at the Groth Wine Dinner: Red Snapper Tartare, What are you doing tomorrow night?  Join us for our Groth Vineyards and Winery Dinner! $65 all-inclusive.  See the menu below!

1st course
Groth Sauvignon Blanc
Red Snapper Tartare
Pink grapefruit syrup, oregano toast, mustard vinaigrette

2nd course
Groth Chardonnay
Crispy Fried Oysters
Sweet potato butter, apple & celery root slaw, honey aioli

3rd course
Groth Cabernet Sauvignon
Roasted Vermont Pheasant Breast
Braised pheasant thigh “coq au vin”, basil whipped potatoes, wild mushrooms, bacon, blue cheese cream

4th course
Dessert
Warm Chocolate Cake
Gooey peanut butter sauce, peanut praline

There are still spots left!  Email us at rsvp@thebiltmoregrill.com, Come in for dessert!  Chef Frank's Rocky Road Pie Trifle pairs perfectly with the keg of Sierra Nevada Narwhal Imperial Stout we just tapped!, There are just a few spots left for our dinner Monday night with Groth Vineyards & Winery! Reserve yours today- email RSVP@thebiltmoregrill.com 🍷🍴, Thursday night is Bolognese night!  Coming with polenta and goat cheese tonight-- perfect cure for this cold weather we've been having.  See you soon!, Whipped Bologna Stuffed Donuts?  What will our Chefs come up with next? Yes, we have donuts stuffed with bologna tonight. See you soon!, Sunday night is Prime Rib night!  Coming with crispy onions and blue cheese crema.  Happy holiday weekend!  Come celebrate with one and a few glasses of wine! 🍴🍷, null, Purchase Your Tickets Today! $20 per person - all money raised goes directly to the John M. Barry Boys & Girls Club
 
How to purchase:
In-Person: at 1205 Chestnut Street, Newton Upper Falls Email: RSVP@thebiltmoregrill.com
Phone: Call 617.527.2550, Monday, November 18th is our dinner with Groth Winery!  $65 all-inclusive for 4 courses and 3 wines.  There are still spots left!  Reserve yours today!  rsvp@thebiltmoregrill.com, Snow in Newton?!!  We've got the perfect cure on our bar snacks tonight: spicy brisket cheddar chili!  See you soon! ❄️, Join us Monday November 18th at 7 pm for our dinner with Groth Vineyards & Winery!  

1st course
Groth Sauvignon Blanc
Red Snapper Tartare
Pink grapefruit syrup, oregano toast, mustard vinaigrette

2nd course
Groth Chardonnay
Crispy Fried Oysters
Sweet potato butter, apple & celery root slaw, honey aioli

3rd course
Groth Cabernet Sauvignon
Roasted Vermont Pheasant Breast
Braised pheasant thigh “coq au vin”, basil whipped potatoes, wild mushrooms, bacon, blue cheese cream

4th course
Dessert
Warm Chocolate Cake
Gooey peanut butter sauce, peanut praline

$65 All-inclusive
Reserve your spot today!
info@thebiltmoregrill.com // 617.527.2550, Check out our new Roasted Half Chicken with Chorizo Stuffing, Brussels Sprouts and Maple Mustard Glaze, They're ready... 🎃🍻🍸👻🎉, Dinner service will end at 9pm tonight for our Speakeasy Halloween bash!  Join us for free snacks, special cocktails, live music and an all-around great time!, Halloween is in full swing at the Biltmore!  See everyone for the speakeasy party!, Sox win!!!! 2013 World Series Champs!  All smiles at the Biltmore!  Thanks everyone for being here with us tonight! ⚾️👍😄🍻, Do you have dinner plans yet?  We debut our new dinner menu tonight!  Come fill up on Cider Braised Pork Shanks,  Roasted Half Chicken or a Meatball Sub before Game 6 tonight!, Have you got your costume ready yet?  Thursday night is our Halloween speakeasy party!  Free bar snacks, special cocktails, live music and more!  See you then!, Serving all of your favorites until mid night!  Go Sox! ⚾️👍🍴🍻, Tonight's First Course: Pan fried mascarpone polenta in a spicy sausage tomato broth, Claim your seat at our bar for tonight's World Series game!!! Half priced bar snacks starting at 8pm!!!! Bar room only, see you tonight. Go Sox!!!, Sneak peek at our specialty speakeasy cocktails for the Halloween party a week from today!  Bacardi Cocktail, Ward 8, South Side and the Aviation., Tonight's World Series Special is half off bar snacks!  Bar area only.  We'll have the game on with sound!  See you then!, Start your Sunday with a brunch flight!, We've got Cioppino, awesome house made bar snacks, 25 draft lines... Everything you need while the Sox & Bruins are on tonight!  See you soon!  🍻🍴👍⚾️, We have only 10 spots left for our Stone Brewery Beer Dinner Monday!  Claim yours before we're all full! 🍻, “Newton is home to so many fine restaurants – and amazing bartenders – that it’s no longer necessary to go to downtown for a fantastic night out,” said Greg Reibman, president of the Newton-Needham Chamber of Commerce.  

We couldn't agree more!  Good luck to our own Brian Beattie tonight in the 1st Annual Newton's Best Bartender Competition at Mr. Sid!, There is still time to reserve a seat for our:
Stone Beer Dinner
Monday, October 21st,13 @ 7pm

1st Course “Family Style Sampler”
Coconut IPA
Sticky Coconut Rice Cakes, Lobster Pineapple Salsa
Foie Gras & Mushroom Hot Pockets
Lardo Wrapped Roasted Dates, Hazelnut Stuffing

2nd Course
Saison Du BUFF
Handmade Sweet Potato Gnocchi
Rosemary Brown Butter, Parmesan Brittle, 
Turnip Crema

3rd Course
Levitation
Grilled Bronzini “Loup di Mer”
Spicy Sausage “Aqua Pazza” Broth, 
Creamy Mascarpone Polenta, Black Olive Parsilade

4th Course
Arrogant Bastard
Sirloin “Contra” Roast
Ricotta Stuffed Eggplant Roulade, Potato Veloute, Oven Dried Tomato Tapenade, Olio Verde

5th Course
Vertical Epic 12.12.12
Pumpkin Bread Sundae
Apple Ice Cream, Pecan Caramel Sauce, 
Toasted Pumpkin Bread, Candied Pumpkin Seeds

$65 All-inclusive
Reserve your spot today!
info@thebiltmoregrill.com // 617.527.2550, It's officially halloween at the Biltmore! And yes we are open today, come in for lunch or dinner!, We've got the Patriots playing and tonight's special: prime rib!, Get your speakeasy costumes ready!  The Biltmore is celebrating Halloween speakeasy style!  Free bar snacks, Prohibition cocktails, prizes and more!  Costumes encouraged!, null, Fall has officially hit the Biltmore!  Come get cozy at your favorite table🍁🍂, null, null, Have you made Halloween plans yet?  The Biltmore is celebrating speakeasy style on Thursday the 31st, Halloween night!  Stay tuned for details!, Come beat the rainy day blues with a beautiful prime rib!, Attention Beer Lovers!  

Our next Beer Dinner is with Stone Brewing Company and it is just a few weeks away-- Monday October 21st at 7pm.  Here is the menu our talented Chefs have come up with this time: 

1st Course “Family Style Sampler”
Coconut IPA
Sticky Coconut Rice Cakes, Lobster Pineapple Salsa
Foie Gras & Mushroom Hot Pockets
Lardo Wrapped Roasted Dates, Hazelnut Stuffing

2nd Course
Saison Du BUFF
Handmade Sweet Potato Gnocchi
Rosemary Brown Butter, Parmesan Brittle, 
Turnip Crema

3rd Course
Levitation
Grilled Bronzini “Loup di Mer”
Spicy Sausage “Aqua Pazza” Broth, 
Creamy Mascarpone Polenta, Black Olive Parsilade

4th Course
Arrogant Bastard
Sirloin “Contra” Roast
Ricotta Stuffed Eggplant Roulade, Potato Veloute, Oven Dried Tomato Tapenade, Olio Verde

5th Course
Vertical Epic 12.12.12
Pumpkin Bread Sundae
Apple Ice Cream, Pecan Caramel Sauce, 
Toasted Pumpkin Bread, Candied Pumpkin Seeds

$65 All-inclusive.  Call and reserve your spot today!, Bruins, baseball and Thursday Night Football-- we'll have it all!  House made bar snacks, cheese & charcuterie and ice cold beer too! See you soon!, Thank you to all who joined us for the Troegs beer dinner this evening!  We hope you had as much fun as we did!, Tonight's special is prime rib!  We've got our Sunday football menu and of course we will have the Patriots game on tonight!  See you soon!, Patio season is dwindling!  Come enjoy this beautiful weather while you still can!  We'll also have college football on all day in the bar.  See you soon!, Have you heard about any of the exciting events coming up at The Biltmore?  Tomorrow at 7   our new neighbor, the Lot F Art Gallery has it's grand opening right next door!  Monday night we team up with Troegs Brewery for another awesome beer dinner!  Very few spots left, call today to reserve yours!  Finally our Speakeasy Halloween party plans are in the works!  Prohibition-era cocktails, snacks and costumes.   Can't wait!, Tonight's special: Risotto with sweet potato purée, Great Hill blue cheese, bacon and arugula.  Follow that up with apple crisp!  We love fall food!, A week away from our next beer dinner with Troegs Independent Craft Brewery and there are only a handful of spots left!  Claim yours today!  $65 for a 5 course pairing, all inclusive!  info@thebiltmoregrill.com, New menu roll out day!  Pictured here: Chocolate Nutella Bread Pudding.  Great way to kick off your weekend!, We've got buffalo wings and BBQ ribs on for bar snacks tonight!  Everything you need to enjoy the Sox game!  See you soon!, Tonight's bar snack offerings!  See you soon for Monday Night Football!, Introducing our new and improved brunch menu!  Pictured here: Brioche French Toast with Apple Streusel, Sweet Potato Butter and of course, plenty of maple syrup!, Happy Friday!  Two of our bar snacks tonight: Grilled Pizzetta and Bacon, Corn and Potato Croquettes.  New brunch menu rolls out tomorrow!  Make your reservation today!, Happy Friday the 13th! What's your superstition?, Hope to see everyone for the Patriots game tonight!  Bar snack additions this evening: Potato & Bacon Croquettes , Fried Okra, and Salmon & Tuna Poke.  And don't forget about half off cheese & charcuterie and $1 oysters in the bar room from 4-6 on week nights!, Kick off your football season at the Biltmore! Serving up Sunday Football specials starting at 1:00pm. And as always our stellar draft menu awaits you!, Happy Friday!  Come in for an ice cold Draft of the Moment! Currently: Lagunitas Sumpin' Wild, Avery Karma Belgian Pale and Ballast Point Black Marlin Porter., Summer might be coming to a close but you know what that means-- football season!!!  Come kick off this NFL season with us tonight!  We've got ice cold Pumking, house-made bar snacks and tonight's special: bolognese!, Introducing the Biltmore BBQ Platter: ribs, wings, clams, cornbread, watermelon feta salad.  We've got all of your bases covered., Happy Labor day from The Biltmore and YES WE ARE OPEN TODAY at 11:30AM, serving lunch until 4PM, Dinner 4:00PM - 10PM and our bar-snack/late night menu until 12PM (every-night!)., We are SO excited about this menu change!  Pictured here: Braised Chicken Thigh Pepperoni with broccoli rabe, fresh mozzarella & grated parm.  The perfect comfort food for those end of summer blues!, Wishing everyone a fun & safe long weekend from your friends at the Biltmore!  For those of you staying in town, come in tomorrow night for our new dinner menu debut!  Spoiler alert: Biltmore BBQ Platter, Lamb Ribs & Lazy Man's Lobster... Hungry yet?, See you soon for bolognese night! Pair that with a glass of Barolo or Chianti, sounds like a good rainy day cure to us!  And don't forget BSC members to bring your key chain for 15% off your food, Now serving Puligny Montrachet made by Needham-native Alex Gambal for $65!  Beautiful wine at a beautiful price on a beautiful evening!, Tonight's Fat Tuesday special: Jumbalaya!  Mussels, Allandale Farm veggies, jasmine rice and house- made merguez sausage., Tonight's special: Porchetta with potato and kale hash and olivade.  Come save your spot on the patio!, In case you missed our Southern Tier dinner Monday night, here are some of the dishes Chef Ben and Chef Dave turned out!  Up next: Troegs, September 30th.  Reserve your seat today!, Did you know about our neighborhood partnership with Boston Sports Club?  Just show your server or bartender your BSC key chain to receive 15% off your food!, We are excited to be partnering up with Southern Tier for a private beer dinner tonight!  But we still will have plenty of room for walk-ins in the bar room and on the patio.  See you soon!, We have a limited amount of Alex Gambal's Puligny-Montrachet (a fantastic bottle of French Chardonnay) and we're selling it at the unbelievable price of $65/bottle! Get down here and grab a bottle with a Farmer's Plate or our Misty Knolls Chicken Two Ways entree., Make your reservations today for our Southern Tier Beer Dinner! Menu as follows: 

1st: Pig Terrine
BLACK GARLIC, LEMON, MUSTARD
Southern Tier Iniquity

2nd: Late Summer Vegetable Salad
ALLANDALE FARM VEGETABLES, HOUSEMADE ITALIAN DRESSING
Phin & Matt’s Extraordinary Ale

3rd: Shrimp & Grits
SHRIMP SAUSAGE, CHESTNUT HONEY, POPCORN
Southern Tier Live (Bottle Conditioned Pale Ale)

4th: Surf & Turf
BRAISED SKIRT STEAK, SMOKED MUSSELS, FONTINA, ONION
Southern Tier 2x IPA

5th: Fig Gateau
FIGS, CREPES, CRÈME ANGLAISE
Southern Tier Crème Brulee

7:00PM   •   $65 ALL INCLUSIVE  • Email: RSVP@thebiltmoregrill.com to reserve your seat today!, Come in tonight for a house-made sausage plate with romesco and grilled scallions or our salmon, tuna and bass poke with sesame and avocado! The patio is ready for you!, Make your reservations today for our Southern Tier Beer Dinner - Monday, August 19th @ 7:00PM 

Menu as follows:
1st : Pig Terrine
BLACK GARLIC, LEMON, MUSTARD
Southern Tier Iniquity

2nd: Late Summer Vegetable Salad
ALLANDALE FARM VEGETABLES, HOUSEMADE ITALIAN DRESSING
Phin & Matt’s Extraordinary Ale

3rd: Shrimp & Grits
SHRIMP SAUSAGE, CHESTNUT HONEY, POPCORN
Southern Tier Live (Bottle Conditioned Pale Ale)

4th: Surf & Turf
BRAISED SKIRT STEAK, SMOKED MUSSELS, FONTINA, ONION
Southern Tier 2x IPA

5th: Fig Gateau
FIGS, CREPES, CRÈME ANGLAISE
Southern Tier Crème Brulee

$65 ALL INCLUSIVE | To reserve your seat today, email:  rsvp@thebiltmoregrill.com or call 617.527.2550!, After all the rain.... What a beautiful day to enjoy house-made brunch favorites on our Patio!, Come in for your lobster fix- no crackers or bib necessary, our kitchen does all the for you.  Coming with Allandale Farm veggies and brown butter vinaigrette, yum!, Tonight's first course: Allandale Farm heirloom tomatoes, house made ricotta, purslane and olive oil, Tonight's bruschetta: olive tapenade and avocado. Perfect to munch on while watching the Sox!, What a beautiful breeze this morning on our patio! Join us for house-made brunch favorites until 3pm!, Tonight's bar snack addition: focaccia fritters stuffed with whipped pork belly, wrapped in salami with tomato jam, Join us Monday, August 19th at 7pm for our Southern Tier beer dinner. Tickets are $65 all inclusive. Email rsvp@thebiltmoregrill.com or call 617.527.2550 to reserve your seats!

1st
Pig Terrine
Black Garlic, Lemon, Mustard
Southern Tier Iniquity

2nd
Late Summer Vegetable Salad
Allandale Farm Vegetables, Housemade Italian Dressing
Phin & Matt’s Extraordinary Ale

3rd
Shrimp & Grits
Shrimp Sausage, Chestnut Honey, Popcorn
Southern Tier Live (Bottle Conditioned Pale Ale)

4th
Surf & Turf
Braised Skirt Steak, Smoked Mussels, Fontina, Onion
Southern Tier 2x IPA

5th
Fig Gateau
Figs, Crepes, Crème Anglaise
Southern Tier Crème Brulee, Tonight is bolognese night!  Pair that with our new Chianti or  Dolcetto D'Alba by the glass.  Sounds like a good Thursday night to us!, Biscuits & Gravy tonight!  Duck fat biscuits, bierwurst, Allandale Farm tomatoes, pursulane.  Come claim your spot on the patio! See you soon!, Our newest addition to our Biltmore starters.... Grilled Lobster Tail with peach panzanella salad and caramelo!, We are thrilled to have been voted Best Bar West of Boston by Boston Magazine!, Tonight's Bar Snacks..., Have you made your reservations for dinner tonight? Call 617-527-2550 and we'll reserve a table for you!, Perfect night for paprikash on the patio!, Tonight's first course: scallop ceviche with crispy pig skin, roasted jalapeños and shaved radishes.  See you soon!, Tonight's addition: Grilled Lobster Tail with grilled peaches, arugula, lemon croutons and caramelo sauce, Tonight's Biscuits & Gravy with housemade chicken & pork sausage, Allandale Farm veggies, duck fat biscuit and an egg on the sunny side., What a beautiful day for eating on our patio and enjoying our refreshing new house-made Strawberry Lemonade! Yum..., Tonight's chef's special... Porchetta with Allandale Farm carrots, dragons beans and dried fruit vinaigrette. Call 617-527-2550 to make your reservations!, What a beautiful day to enjoy Biltmore House-made favorites on your patio! Serving Brunch until 3:00pm. And make your reservations for dinner tonight!, Designed to cool you off, pictured here: Striped Bass Poke & Chilled White Bean & Tomato Soup with grilled veggies, goat cheese & charred jalapeños. See you soon!, Introducing our newest House-made Biltmore Treats... Strawberry cheesecake, Peach Crisp and Chocolate Mousse! See you all tonight!, Two lucky tables tonight enjoyed Chef's Pork Shank for Two with pickled veggies and hoisin sauce. It's basically a super sized hog wing...jealous?, We hit 1,000 likes! Thanks everyone, keep it coming!, Come in tonight for one of our ice cold limited drafts... Lagunitas Lucky 13, Dogfish Black & Blue, and Stone Arrogant Bastard!, Tonight's Fat Tuesday Special... Gumbo Salad with crab, sausage, white beans, and creole salsa!, It is striped bass season! Ours is served with Manilla clams, barley, kimchee and English peas., Come in tonight and enjoy our house made bar snacks and apps! Pictured here Steak tartare, Crab cake and Bruschetta!, Who wants to cook in this weather!?!?! We are serving house-made brunch favorites until 3pm, come on in!, Come sit on the patio and enjoy the weather before next week's heat wave...might as well have a House Bloody or Mimosa while you're at it., Or if sweetbreads aren't your thing, how about a Lazy Man's Lobster with roasted summer veggies and brown butter vinaigrette., Join us tonight for sweetbreads with roasted vegetable barley and black garlic puree., Come have some duck fat biscuits and gravy on our new patio!, It's the perfect night to enjoy dinner on our brand new patio! Come have Chef's Shrimp Po' Boy with a Pimm's Cup!, Tonight's daily special: Chef's Cubano with roasted pork, pickles, mustard and cheese all pressed on a baguette. Pair that with our Pineapple Mojito and you've got yourself a pretty good Monday night., Hope everyone had a great weekend!  It's a little too hot out to cook so we've got you covered.  And to top off your meal, a special stone fruit pie a la mode!, Come in and cool off with a strawberry mint margarita or tonight's first course: chilled zucchini & white bean soup with grilled shrimp, crispy chickpeas and mint. Fresh and seasonal- perfect cures for the heat!, We're open for lunch at 11:30...come get out of the heat and have a cold beer!, We are extending our dinner service until 11:00PM tonight... Come in and get our Atlantic Salmon, Steak Frites, Misty Knolls Chicken or any of our other locally sourced seasonally fresh entrees, before all that grilling tomorrow... We will be closed for the Fourth of July! And re-open at 11:30AM on July 5th. Happy Fourth Everyone..., Ribs, fried oysters, Allandale Farm veggies, BBQ beans... Summer Gumbo on Fat Tuesday at The Biltmore! Paired with our twist on a Pimm's Cup. See you soon!, We still have a few seats left for tonight's Blue Collar BBQ - give us a call if you want to come join in the fun! 617.527.2550, Tomorrow is our Blue Collar BBQ and a few seats are still available!

Blue Collar BBQ - Monday, July 1st at 7PM $45 per person plus tax and gratuity; Menu as Follows; 

1st, Ambrosia Salad - Schlitz
Grilled Fruit, Marshallow, Cured meats

2nd, Fish Kebab - Pabst Blue Ribbon
EEL Pesto, Summer Veggies

3rd, Baby Racks _ 'Gansett
Spoon bread, beans, pickeld watermelon

4th, Blue Collar Burger - battered and deep-fired - Budweiser
Pimiento Cheese, Brioche

5th, Ice Cream Sandwich (a surprise!)
Bacon Beer Brittle

Email RSVP@thebiltmoregrill.com to reserve your seat!, Now serving pan roasted striped bass with English peas, barley & kimchee, New menu addition... Bierwurst served with bone marrow, shallot jam, mustards and duck fat biscuit!, Yesterday we rolled out our 2013 Summer menu, with seasonal changes and a few new additions! Featured here our new Misty Knoll Chicken Two Ways, Confit leg, roasted breast, lentils, watermelon and English Breakfast radishes, and garlic scapes., It's official, as of tomorrow we will be serving Pepsi!, Have you made your reservations yet? Space is limited... 

Blue Collar BBQ - Monday, July 1st at 7PM $45 per person plus tax and gratuity; Menu as Follows; 

1st, Ambrosia Salad - Schlitz
Grilled Fruit, Marshallow, Cured meats

2nd, Fish Kebab - Pabst Blue Ribbon
EEL Pesto, Summer Veggies

3rd, Baby Racks _ 'Gansett
Spoon bread, beans, pickeld watermelon

4th, Blue Collar Burger - battered and deep-fired - Budweiser
Pimiento Cheese, Brioche

5th, Ice Cream Sandwich (a surprise!)
Bacon Beer Brittle

Email RSVP@thebiltmoregrill.com to reserve your seat today!, Cocktail time at the Biltmore! Come on in..., Join us for brunch!  Chef's pain perdu pictured here with fresh blue berries., We've got hog wings, ice cold beer and sound for the Bruins game...we're all geared up...go B's!, Come in and have chef's Bolognese and finish up with tonight's dessert addition: Summer Pudding with lemon zest and fresh whipped cream., The patio is almost ready... stay tuned for updates!, Upcoming Events... For more information about any of our upcoming events email: RSVP@thebiltmoregrill.com.

New Date! Blue Collar BBQ - Monday, July 1st @ 7:00PM; $45 plus tax and gratuity. Menu as follows

1st, Ambrosia Salad - Schlitz
Grilled Fruit, Marshallow, Cured meats

2nd, Fish Kebab - Pabst Blue Ribbon
EEL Pesto, Summer Veggies

3rd, Baby Racks _ 'Gansett
Spoon bread, beans, pickeld watermelon

4th, Blue Collar Burger - battered and deep-fired - Budweiser
Pimiento Cheese, Brioche

5th, Ice Cream Sandwich (a surprise!)
Bacon Beer Brittle

Our 3rd Paleo Dinner - Monday, July 22nd at 7PM, Menu as follows;

Starter – Jerky, dried fruit, ad nuts
1st, Deviled Eggs - smoked trout, sambal

2nd, Forest Mushroom Soup - English peas, radish, balsamic

3rd, Scallop Ceviche - celery, lime, watermelon radish

4th, Beef Rib - summer ratatouille

5th, Brownie Bomb - pistachios, dates, chocolate mousse

Southern Tier Beer Dinner - Monday, August 19th at 7PM (Menu coming soon...)

For more information about any of our upcoming events email: RSVP@thebiltmoregrill.com, null, Come in for one of our new cocktails or bar snacks! Pictured here: Mayan Sunrise, Strawberry Fields, Pork Liver & Onions and Panzanella., Tonight we are launching our new cocktail menu... Come in and try our new additions, like the Biltmore Smash! Whiskey blueberry, lemon and mint., Cold beers, Housemade bar snacks and the Bruins... See you all tonight for the game!, Have you tried our bone marrow? From local butchery Savenor's, we roast the bone and top it with pickled vegetables and candid walnuts. Tonight it's being served with house made buttermilk biscuits., Bring your dad in for today's brunch special: house made biscuit with grilled shrimp, knockwurst gravy and sunny side egg. Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there!, Tonight's first course options:Grilled shrimp with haricot verts and arugula salad or caprese salad with fried mozzarella, local hothouse tomatoes and arugula pesto., Tonights bar snack addition... Tuna tartare! See you tonight..., Tonight's bar snack addition: house-made corn dog with jalapeño aoli, Make your reservations today for our upcoming BLUE COLLAR BBQ featuring throw-back beers (Schlitz, PBR, Narragansett, & Bud)  - Monday, June 17th, 2013 @ 7PM. 

Menu as follows;
1st Course
Ambrosia Salad - Schlitz
Grilled Fruit, Marshmallow, Cured meats

2nd Course
Fish Kebab – PBR
Eel Pesto, Summer Veg

3rd Course
Baby Backs - Narragansett
Spoon bread, beans, Pickled Watermelon

4th Course 
Blue Collar Burger (Battered and Deep fried) – Bud Heavies
Pimiento Cheese, Brioche

Dessert –
Ice Cream Sandwich
Bacon Beer Brittle

$45 plus tax and gratuity.
To hold your spot email rsvp@thebiltmoregrill.com, Who wants a bloody? The Biltmore is serving up brunch today and every Sat and Sun until 3pm!, Look at all of those bar snacks! We're ready for game 4!  Come claim your seat!, Introducing the Sloppy Biltmore... Bolognese sauce, bologna, blue cheese, waffle fries... all on a sandwich! Hungry yet?, Rolling out our newly expanded lunch menu! See you all soon..., Join us tonight for the Bruin's game and Chef Johnny's CBLT... Fried chicken breast, grilled English muffin, poached egg, avocado purée, tomato hollandaise, chopped lettuce and of course, bacon. Yes, please!, Hope everyone survived the heat this weekend!  Fay and Stevie will be here all night serving up cold ones!  Current Draft Moments:  Kentucky Bourbon Barrel Ale (yep, it's back!), Sierra Nevada Hoptimum IPA, and Boulevard Tank 7 Farmhouse Ale.  See you soon!, Tonight's Bar Snack addition... Salmon Ceviche! All our TVs will be tuned in to the Bruins game and we have 25 stellar beers on draft! See you tonight..., Tonight's Cheese and Charcuterie! Always half price Monday - Friday 4:00 - 6:00pm in our bar!, It's official our new patio will be open soon! We will keep you posted..., Tons of bar snacks to munch on while watching the B's take on the Ranger's in game 4! See you soon!, Tonight's Bar Snack Addition... BBQ Chicken Burrito with avocado purée and BBQ fried onions rings!, How good does grilled cheese and tomato soup sound for lunch today? $9 for the perfect rainy day lunch duo! Doors open at 11:30, see you then!, Go Bruins!!!, Come in tonight to try one of our new menu additions.... Grilled Lamb Leg with baby fennel, spinach, nicoise olives and polenta croutons. See you tonight!, Where are you watching the Bruin's Game??? Come on in to the Biltmore and enjoy a cold Lagunitas IPA on draft and house-made bar snacks while watching today's game! We'll save you a seat..., Meat Candy...it's back! Come in and get some! Why not listen to some live music while you're at it? Tonight we have Adam Waxman from 10 until close., Come in tonight and try Chef Johnny's seasonally inspired Ramp Bread Pudding!, Tonight's first course: hummus plate with marinated eggplant and house made foccacia.  Come snack on one and watch game one! Go Bruins!!!, We are closed until 3pm today for a private event... We apologize for any inconvenience!, Tonight's first course addition: Roasted tomato stuffed with homemade ricotta, nicoise olives, fresh herbs and peas., We will be closed for a private event on Thursday 5/16 until 3PM. Sorry for any inconvenience..., Come in Monday thru Friday 4:00 - 6:00pm for our Happy Hour offerings... $1 Oysters and half priced Cheese/Charcuterie!, Happy Mother's Day from all of us at the Biltmore!, Chef Johnny and Chef Dave last weekend at the B&G Oyster Invitational...with the Naked Cowboy! Now proudly serving Naked Cowboy Oysters!, First coconut cream pie for the One Fund!  Thanks Gunther!, Order Chef's Coconut Cream Pie now through June 2nd - 100% of the proceeds going to One Fund Boston., The Biltmore is hiring! We're looking for a few team members to join our front of house staff...hosts, servers and food runners. Come in and fill out an application or forward your resume to info@thebiltmoregrill.com, Chef having a blast at Spring Seasonings!, Starting tomorrow we are launching "Eat Pie for Charity"... Come in and  Purchase a slice of Chef Johnny's Coconut Cream Pie for dessert. All proceeds will go directly to One Fund Boston. Show your support and eat pie!, Tonight's chef special... Choucroute!, Tonight's app specials... Broccoli Rabe Flan (vegetarian) with carrot and roasted red pepper puree. Also Duck and Pistachio sausage with fig jam, walnut and golden raisin mostardo. And just tapped ultra limited Lagutinas "Fusion 16"., Who wants to cook a BIG Sunday dinner on a beautiful spring day like today?!?!?!?! Come in and let us take care of the cooking and cleanup. Tonight's Special Chef's Roasted Prime Rib. See you tonight at the Biltmore!, We've got Greg Luttrell tonight at 10pm...don't miss out on a great show!, Tonight's app special: Octopus de provence, carrots, pesto, lime croutons, There is still time to make your reservations for our Mother's Day brunch. Call 617-527-2550 or email info@thebiltmoregrill.com today, space is limited!, Tonight's app special... A Scotch Egg!, Make your reservations today for our 2nd Paleo Dinner - Monday, April 29th @ 7:00PM - Tickets are $45 per person (plus tax and gratuity). Menu as follows;
First
Local Greens Salad
mesclun, pepitas, miso

Second
Duck and Pistachio Sausage
black mission figs, mustards

Third
Pan Roasted Cod
P.E.I. mussels, fennel, piquillo peppers

Fourth
Misty Knoll Chicken
broccoli rabe, golden raisins, walnut and Kefir pesto

Fifth
Housemade Almond Joy

Call the Biltmore @ 617.527.2550 or email info@thebiltmoregrill.com to reserve your spot!, Come in and try one of our draft /bottle moments.... We're open all day and serving food until midnight!, Open for brunch at 11:30am!, Due to the unpredictability of recent events we will be closed until further notice. Stay inside and be safe., It's cocktail time! Come in and try one of our new signature cocktails today!, Come in and try our new cheese & charcuterie or tonight's daily special: Cioppino!, Lunch special: Sweet & sour chicken meatballs, house pickled veggies, cilantro and spicy aioli with house chips., It's on! Come and get it before it's gone!, Upcoming... Very limited Troegs Nugget Nectar. Stay tuned!, Tonight's special... Lobster Mac & Cheese!, Easter Brunch at the Biltmore!, We're going old school tonight: Paprikash. Come and get it - you will not be disappointed., One of our new menu additions... The Biltmore's own grilled ham steak!, Make your reservations today for our Lagutinas Beer Dinner - Monday, March 25th @ 7PM (Tickets are $55 - All inclusive) Menu as follows;
First: Lagunitas Czech Pils 
Crab Louis Salad
torched iceberg, cocktail sauce, avocado sour cream

Second: Lagunitas Copper Ale
Mortadella Taco
onion relish, copper ale braised cabbage, cilantro

Third: Lagunitas Sumpin Sumpin
Tempura Shrimp
romesco, caramelo

Fourth: Lagunitas Pale Ale
Biltmore Baked Beans
black beans, molasses, head cheese

Fifth: Lagunitas Imperial Stout
Beer Float
burnt caramel

To purchase tickets or for more info, email RSVP@thebiltmoregrill.com, Adjusted lunch hours today (in preparation for our brand new dinner menu tonight): serving lunch until 3pm, between 3pm-5pm bar snacks only, dinner service to start at 5pm.
Hope to see you in soon to try the new dinner menu!, Live music starts at 10. Sean Von Clauss will be rockin' out tonight!, Corned beef, confit shallots, roasted root vegetables and cabbage, pickled mustard seed., Are you ready for St. Patty's day?!?!? We are, with Guinness on tap all weekend and Traditional Corn Beef and Cabbage (Saturday and Sunday)... Come on by and celebrate #Irishstyle!, Come join us!!! Lagutinas Beer Dinner - Monday, March 25th @ 7PM (Tickets are $55 - All inclusive) Menu as follows;
First: Lagunitas Czech Pils  
Crab Louis Salad
torched iceberg, cocktail sauce, avocado sour cream

Second: Lagunitas Copper Ale
Mortadella Taco
onion relish, copper ale braised cabbage, cilantro

Third: Lagunitas Sumpin Sumpin
Tempura Shrimp
romesco, caramelo

Fourth: Lagunitas Pale Ale
Biltmore Baked Beans
black beans, molasses, head cheese
 
Fifth: Lagunitas Imperial Stout
Beer Float
burnt caramel

To purchase tickets or for more info, email RSVP@thebiltmoregrill.com, Come in and try the limited edition Dogfish Imperial IPA collaboration with Sierra Nevada,  brewed with a new strand of hops!, Saturday night at the Biltmore!  First course : La Mer en Croute, ... and créme caramel for dessert!, Friday night at the Biltmore! Start your meal with Chef Johnny's Bacalao (salt cod fritters, confit shallots, olivade, Worcestershire aoli), Did you see that burger we just posted? Come in tonight for our sloppy snow day special and get one for $8!, Coming soon! Bacon. BBQ onions. Gooey cheddar. House bistro. Boom., The Biltmore's infamous Chicken and Waffles!, Join the Newton Needham Chamber of Commerce as they host "Casino Royale" at Mr. Sid on Thursday, March 21st. There are lots of great prizes and great food provided by The Biltmore! All to benefit the Newton Cultural Alliance., Tonight's bar snack addition-- corn dogs!, Who wants a bloody?, Tonight's addition: grilled Pearl hotdog, Biltmore baked beans, housemade head cheese. Boom., Tonight's first course addition: grilled iceburg, confit lemon, housemade bacon, blue cheese, Come in and try one of our draft moments... Uinta Baba Black Lager, CBC Sgt. Pepper and Founder's Red Rye Ale., Tonight's offerings.... Come get out of the rain!, We still have a few seats left for Biltmore Goes Bouchon tonight at 7pm. Email rsvp@thebiltmoregrill.com or call 617.527.2550 to sign up. You don't want to miss this exciting dinner!, What are YOU doing tomorrow night?  Join us for The Biltmore Goes Bouchon!  Featuring a special four course menu by Chef Johnny, each paired with a different Jean Luc Colombo wine.  $65 all inclusive.  Email info@thebiltmoregrill.com to reserve your spot!, Start your weekend off right with a brunch flight! House mimosa, red beer & bloody mary., First course tonight: Foie gras torchon, blueberry compote., The Biltmore is now hiring servers with day and night availability... Message us for more information or stop by the restaurant to fill-out an application and speak with a manager today..., null, Join us today for a turkey burger with Chef Johnny's special cranberry relish!, Our Golden Tee has a brand-new screen! Come on down for a cold draft and play..., Today's Cheese and Charcuterie offerings..., A little bite of heaven., Chefs plating our contribution to TV Diner's Platinum Plate Gala: chicken rillette and waffle bites with house hot sauce and maple salt, Ohh no, you didn't forget it was Valentine's did you!?!?! Head to the Biltmore for chef Johnny's three course Prixe Menu. And your sweetheart won't think anything of it., Drinks of the moment, Come celebrate Fat Tuesday with Chef Johnny's take on Gumbo...with house kielbasa, mussels, mahi and scallops., Our kitchen will be closing tonight at ten.  We apologize for any inconvenience.  Come by for a drink still please! But unfortunately our late night menu will not be available this evening., We are all shoveled out and open for business! :), We are open serving brunch and complimentary hot chocolate to all our guests! Take that nemo..., Unfortunately we will remain closed for all of Saturday due to the travel ban and lack of public transportation. We apologize to anyone who had reservations for this evening. We are planning on re-opening for brunch tomorrow morning. We will keep you posted!, Due to the storm we will be closed for brunch tomorrow. We will be re-opening at 4pm for dinner. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause. Stay safe!, With the safety and concern of our employees and guests in mind, we have issued a snow day starting at 2pm. Sorry for any inconvenience this may have caused. Please join us tomorrow for guest appreciation night featuring happy hour food specials and our ever popular grab beer. Check back for updates! 
Stay safe!, Serving lunch until 2:00 today - come in and grab a sandwich and a beer before you bunker down for the storm!, Who's serving up from scratch bar snacks and burgers until Midnight every-night???? The Biltmore of course.... Come in after 10PM (11PM on Fri/Sat) and ask about our half priced late night menu!, null, Tonight we launched our late winter menu...come in and try Parisian Gnocchi with dates, roasted pearl onions and parsnips or Roasted Pork Shoulder sandwich with house spicy coleslaw and pickles. Pictures to come!, Don't forget to come in Monday - Friday from 4:00 - 6:00pm for our $1 oysters and half priced Cheese and Charcuterie in our bar area., Stay tuned for all our upcoming events... Fat Tuesday 2/12, Valentine's Day 2/14 and our Ruby Wine Pairing 2/25. Details and menus to follow..., Where are you watching the big game??? Come on down to the Biltmore, our beers are cold, TVs/sound is on and we are serving up bar snacks/house favorites all day!, There are a few seats left for our Caveman dinner tomorrow night...go to ticketleap.com for your tickets - the fun starts at 7pm!

1ST
Pork Shanks
plantain, harissa, apricot
blueberry acai margarita

2nd
Tenderloin
avocado, walnut gremolata 
parducci pinot noir

3rd
Lamb Shank
cauliflower, superfood za’atar
parducci zinfandel

4th
Zucchini, Carrot and Cacao Crepe
coconut water mocktail, Tonight's Catch of the Moment: Swordfish chop with basil butter, tomato purée and Jasmine rice., Braised Lamb Shank, cannelini beans, roasted red peppers, parsnips, Fish moment: Swordfish Chop, parsnip puree, forest mushrooms, kalamata olives and green goddess, Come warm up with our lunch special today, chili in a bread bowl!, There's still time to book your spot to next Monday's Ommegang/Duvel Beer Dinner! Call 617 527 2550 & check our website for details!, What's your prediction on the final teams to compete in the Super Bowl? Got party plans? Ask us about our Super Bowl Party Packs available to go and stay tuned to find out how YOU can win a Super Bowl Party for you and 15 guests!, In the spirit of our 1st annual resolutions dinner (Tues. Jan. 29) we wanted 2 share w/ you a little something 2 get rid of the holiday hangover & back into the swing! Enjoy!, We'd love to hear about your New Years' Resolutions! 

Later this month we're throwing a resolutions dinner of sorts - The Caveman Dinner! Find out about the Paleo Diet here and what make it so great! (Save the Date: Tuesday, January 29!), We close tonight at 10pm so that our awesome staff members can go home and rest or have their New Years celebration tonight!! Thanks for all your hard work everyone! You made this one heck of a holiday season! Woot! Woot!, HAPPY NEW YEAR! 2013! We are rocking brunch today until 4pm! Join us for hangover helpers and also healthy options to start your resolutions off right!, Here we are December 31, 2012! What an incredible year it has been.  

THANK YOU to all our friends, family and fans that make every day possible. It is a pleasure serving you and being a part of your community. Here's to the good times of 2012 and onto the bright future that awaits us in 2013! Cheers!, Nice job on LIVE TV Chef! "Dubois shows us a killer way to make holiday brunch unique and delicious utilizing seasonal ingredients." Thanx 2 NECN for having us!, Make your New Years Eve reservation now and be entered to win brunch for two on New Years Day!

Call 617-527-2550 to book your spot today!, Don't have plans for a New Year celebration? Join us on New Years Eve for a wonderful three course prix fixe menu that has something for everyone. Classic Biltmore favorites with very special additions for the occasion! $45!

SPECIAL OFFER: All reservations made ahead of time will be entered for a chance to win New Years Day Brunch for Two! 

Call 617-527-2550 to book your spot today!, Tune in to the NECN morning show RIGHT NOW! Chef Leah Dubois will be featured in a short but sweet Christmas segment! Tune in on TV!, TV DEMO tomorrow morning! Tune in to NECN tomorrow at 8:45am to see our Culinary Director, Chef Leah Dubois, as she makes a guest appearance on the NECN morning show!, We are closed today for Christmas! We will reopen tomorrow at 11:30am for lunch.

Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays to all!, Special Christmas Eve Hours tonight! We'll be open all day for lunch, Holiday pub, dinner and bar snack offerings from 4pm until 7pm. 

We are closing early so that our dedicated team can be home with their families! 

Happy Holidays for all of us at The Biltmore!, Tonight! Music by Nate Watkins begins at 10pm!, C'mon, you know we have a 12/21/12 cocktail for you!

"Apocalypse" - tequila, aperol, clear creek cherry liquor, lemon - served up with a lemon twist. 

Happy Hour starts in an hour! 1/2 OFF charcuterie and raw bar until 6pm., If the world's ending tomorrow than may we suggest: Mac Fritters, Hog Wings, Chicken & Waffles, Biltmore Burger w/ Bacon... What would your last meal be?, Holiday Party Pics are up! Thank you 2 everyone who came to support the John M Barry Boys & Girls Club of Newton w/ us! What a blast!, Biltmore Holiday Fundraiser for John M Barry Boys & Girls Club of Newton 12/17/12, In the spirit of our new HappyHour launch, see 5 tips to happy-houring from PR Daily to enjoy without regret!
 
“Having a casual drink with co-workers helps reinforce the friendly vibe we all hope to establish in the workplace and people will often feel more at ease to chat when they aren't in their offices...", SPECIAL OFFER: We are always looking for ways to give you snacks for free! Stop in any time before Christmas to buy a gift certificate and receive a free bar snack! Happy Holidays!, We will be closed tonight for a private party from 4pm-9pm. Pub menu and bar snacks will resume at 9pm! 

Private message us for last minute access to our Holiday Fundraiser!, Tonight! Our much anticipated 4th annual Holiday Fundraiser to benefit the John M Barry Boys & Girls Club of Newton! To find out how to gain access to this Invite Only event, please private message us!, Tonight! Music by Brian Burrill begins at 10pm!, Soft launch of our new brunch menu! Amazing things are happening the Biltmore! Come taste for yourself!, Join us in Newton Upper Falls as we ring in the New Year with a gorgeous prix fixe menu for $45! 

Book ahead of time for a chance to win brunch for two!, SPECIAL OFFER! Still trying to get your holiday shopping done? Buy a gift certificate from us now through December 24th and get a free bar snack. Place your gift order by phone and we'll put a bar snack voucher in the mail to you!, NEW! Introducing the Biltmore Bar and Grill's Industry (and night owls!) Late Night Happy Hour! Join us from 11pm to midnight every night of the week for half priced pub menu!, A very special THANK YOU to our vendors for their donations and support in planning for our 4th Annual Holiday Fundraiser and Ugly Sweater Contest to benefit the John M Barry Boys & Girls Club of Newton! We couldn't have done it without you! Happy Holidays! 

Berkshire Brewing Company, Dogfish Head Brewery, US Foods, John Dewar and Kinnealey Meats, Island Creek Oysters, Harpoon Brewery, Brewtique Beverage, Ommegang, Michaela and Ruby Wines, Oscar Blues Brewery, State of Maine Cheese Co./Rockport Marketplace and Long Trail Brewing., Not too early to be thinking about your celebratory plans for ringing in the New Year in style! Ask us about how to win brunch for two on January 1, 2013!, Save the date! Monday December 17th, Biltmore Bar and Grill's 4th annual Holiday Fundraiser and Ugly Sweater Contest to benefit the John M Barry Boys & Girls Club of Newton! 

Email info@thebiltmoregrill.com or private message us to find out how to get on the guest list! Raffle, open bar, passed snacks and an oyster boat!, Proud to offer made-from-scratch, seasonally changing menus., Awesome Post Prohibition art by Adam Brandt in our bar room.

Here at the Biltmore every day is a day to celebrate the end of prohibition., Prohibition in the US lasted from January of 1919 until December of 1933! Not surprisingly it wasn't very popular during the Great Depression!

A FREE BAR SNACK goes to anyone who can name a country that still prohibits alcohol by law!, Party like it's 1933! Today marks the 79th anniversary of the End of Prohibition! The Twenty-First Amendment was added to the US Constitution on December 5th, 1933. 

We have a lot to be thankful for!, Need some holiday gift ideas? How about a Biltmore Bar and Grill gift certificate? Stop in between now and December 24th to receive a FREE BAR SNACK with your gift purchase!, Rocking lunch today! Thanks to everyone who stopped in!, Tonight! Live solo acoustics by Chad LaMarsh starting at 10pm! Join us for good times, good friends and cold beer!, Did you know that the Biltmore Bar and Grill won Best Brunch West for Boston Magazine's Best of Boston Awards? 

Swing by this Saturday & Sunday for chicken & waffles, egg-white omelets and our brunch cocktail flight., Anyone know where the term "Black Friday" came from?, For those of you who have had it with shopping today stop in to see us in Newton Upper Falls and start drinking! 

Fun fact: Black Friday is usually not the busiest shopping day of the year. Thanks to last-minute shopping, the last Saturday before Christmas is usually the busiest., What is your favorite thing on the Thanksgiving Dinner table?, Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at The Biltmore Bar & Grill!, Closed tomorrow so that all our dedicated staff can enjoy the night off with their friends and families! Happy Thanksgiving!, What's this? Live Music on Wednesday? Yes!

Thanksgiving Eve is one of our favorite days of the year and to celebrate we're hosting live music at 10pm tonight by Guy!, A HUGE THANK YOU to Berkshire Brewing Company, Centre Street Food Pantry and all our generous guests for making our beer dinner and food drive such a success last night! We can't wait to work with you again in the future!, BBC beer dinner starting soon!, Last chance to help us collect cans for our food drive tonight with Centre Street Food Pantry. Still a few spots left in the beer dinner portion of our drive with BBC, $55 all inclusive!, Live music tonight by Nate Watkins! Join us for good times, good friends and cold beer., For those who may have never heard of soubise (accompanying our Monkfish entree addition tonight) we wanted to be sure you got the definition!, Tonight's menu additions include Roasted Acorn Squash Salad with Chipotle Lime Vinaigrette and Pan Seared Monkfish with Polenta, crispy Kale and Sauce Soubise., Help us help our community! Biltmore staff is having a friendly little competition to see who can bring in the most canned goods for our event with Centre St Food Pantry! Bring in your canned goods to give to your favorite Biltmore staff member and help them win $50 and a bottle of wine!, Bar Snack Debut! Tuna belly, carrot, pickled mustard seeds and crispy lentils $6!, Congratulations to Upper Falls Variety store (our neighbor) for selling a $1 million Lottery Ticket at 7am this morning! Wonder who the lucky winner is!, Today for lunch: Hot pressed Cubano with Swiss and pickles!, Steak tartare with house made chips! New to our bar snack boards, What a beautiful day in Newton!, Lets go Patriots! Your win makes brunch so much more delicious!, Friday night entree addition! House made Chicken Pot Pie! Thanks Chef!, Friday night plans? 

We are rocking with some incredible new additions this evening...Sausage Stuffed Olives debut our bar snack boards and tonights appetizer addition is Whole Grilled Sardines with Eggplant and Cauliflower Caponata..., Save the Date! Monday November 19th is our Berkshire Brewing Company beer dinner to benefit the Center Street Food Pantry. 

$55 all inclusive for the dinner PLUS a raffle ticket for each non-perishable food item brought in to be donated! 

http://www.facebook.com/CSFPNewton, Proud to offer made-from-scratch, seasonally changing menus., The Biltmore's Chef Leah & Sam donate their time, ranch and feta cheese to help raise funds, Our awesome crew where all the magic happens!, Happy Monday everyone! We have some fabulous menu additions, limited brews, delicious cocktails and good tunes to share with you! What are YOUR plans this week?, Tonights additions! salt and pepper shrimp with roasted garlic buerre Monte for starters. Entree addition is lemon sole with chips and salsa criolla. Thank you Chef!, Tonight! Live music by Rich Brewer! Join us at 10pm!

Music Trivia Weekend CONTEST! For a Free Bar Snack.

In the song by the Everly Brothers, "Wake Up Little Susie," what time is it when they ask their date to wake up?, Boycotting Saturday breakfast items? How about a fried chicken bistro sammie? Hot n fresh all afternoon!, This weekends Egg White Omlette! Fire roasted tomato and eggplant with Hombolt Fog cheese. Chef is rolling out a new one every week!, Check out this great publication by Foodies of New England! Thanks to the Boston Brunchers for the shout out! 

"..we were all amazed that a restaurant we hadn't heard of before the event could be so amazing with every bite.", Closing kitchen at 4pm! Every one get home safe!, What is everyone's plans today? No work, no school? We're open all day if you get bored at home! Everyone be safe today and the this week!, ATTENTION: Biltmore Beer Dinner participants! Due to the severe weather forecast we are postponing tomorrow's beer dinner with Ommegang/Duvel until further notice. Stay tuned for more details. Please be safe!, Tonight! Music starts at 10pm by Brian Burrill.

Music Trivia Weekend! CONTEST: For a free bar snack...

Which Allman Brothers song was the only one to hit The Billboard Top Ten? This song was the last one recorded by bassist Berry Oakley before his death in 1972., Volunteers needed to join the Department of Conservation and Recreation and The Friends of the Hemlock Gorge Reservation, a nonprofit organization for the Annual Fall Clean Up of the Hemlock Gorge Reservation on Saturday, October 27, 2012 from 10:00AM to Noon.

Think of us after you work up an appetite!, There is still some time left to get your tickets to Monday's beer dinner with Ommegang at Biltmore Bar and Grill. Festivities start at 7pm, tickets $55, all inclusive. Here's a sneak peak at our offerings...

Duvel Single w/
Sweet & sticky BBQ duck

Ommegang Witte w/
Salt and pepper shrimp 

Ommegang Abbey Ale w/
Braised lamb, beets and kraut

Ommegang Rustica w/
Chicken ballantine and fondue

Duvel Triple w/
Lime meringue, Get your tasks done early so you can make it out for the final day of Newton Restaurant Week promo: HALF PRICED raw bar and charcuterie from 4pm to 6pm. 

Show us some love and we may just make this a regular weekday thing!

Thanks to the Newton Needham Chamber for organizing this new annual event., Anyone hear about Newton Restaurant Week organized by the Newton Needham Chamber of Commerce? 

We are so excited to be participating! Come get some HALF PRICED charcuterie and raw bar from 4pm to 6pm now until Thursday!, Free Cider Alert! We're teaming up with Crispin Hard Cider TODAY for brunch as we collect gently worn shoes for Soles4Souls, Inc.. Bring in shoes, get free booze. And then have brunch!, Today is St. Crispin's Day. Saint Crispin was a preacher by day, shoemaker by night. Help us celebrate tomorrow during brunch as we help collect SHOES for Soles4Souls, Inc. Bring your gently worn shoes and get a free cider from Crispin Hard Cider., Short Ribs are back at Biltmore Bar and Grill! Braised in cider, smooth parsnip and celery root, pickled cranberries and chili!, Homemade Chicken Pot Pie today for lunch! Twelve bucks!, Looking forward to our debut on BostonChefs.com! Full portfolio coming very soon to their website!, If you are like us and are already thinking about brunch this weekend, stop in on Sunday as we give out free Crispin Hard Cider for every pair of shoes you bring in to help benefit Soles4Souls, Inc.. We'll have a rocking brunch with fabulous menu additions! Hope to see you!, Catch of the moment tonight: pan seared cod fish with lemon and horseradish, served with rice and asparagus. Fried clam bellies also debut on our bar snack boards!, Did you know that every election year kids vote for president through the Scholastic Student Vote? They have only been wrong in their predictions twice since this exercise began in 1940! See their results here..., What a tease this weather was today! Did anyone get to have some fun outside? For all you adventurers out there check out Charles River Canoe & Kayak for a scenic trip through some of Newton's hidden beauty. These guys are ranked #1 on TripAdvisor for local attractions. Be sure to work up an appetite and come see us for dinner!, Tonight! At 10pm! Music by Nate Watkins! Stop by for some tunes!, CONTEST! Hot off the presses from the Bostonphoenix! October ad by Biltmore Bar and Grill! First person to guess who the model featured in this advert is gets a free bar snack on us!, Ever been to one of our monthly beer dinners? Save the Date! Monday, October 29th we are teaming up with Ommegang to bring you 5 courses of great beer and amazing food! Call or email rsvp@thebiltmoregrill.com to reserve your spot soon! We sell out fast!, Wonderful article from Newton Patch on our down home favorites, but also fresh twists on great ideas. "[everyone wants to be able to grab their favorite stand-by brew or bite ...But they also want to help their [guests] learn to embrace new beers and unfamiliar flavors and expand their dining and drinking repertoire.", Brunch today and tomorrow!, New Fall Cocktails! Here we have the "Pumpkin 75" (champagne flute) and "FIGetaboutit" (cocktail glass). One's got Pierre Ferand cognac, pumpkin puree and prosecco, the other: bourbon, amaretto and fig jam. Cheers!, Music tonight! 10pm. By a band called Guy. Ever heard of them? They are awesome! Stop in for a bite, a brew and some tunes! But not until you answer this question (for a free bar snack) in honor of Music Trivia Weekend: Which band did Tony Iommi play for just before his famous foursome formed Black Sabbath? (Hint: Clapton & Page were also in this band), This weekend's bar snacks... see you soon!, Long weekend starts right now! Stop in for brunch any day this weekend (Monday too!) and try our brunch flight! Perfect for a deliciously lazy few days of indecisiveness!, Feeling the love in this article from Dirty Water News. "It’s always nice to have a good place to eat with the family or grab a drink with the guys/gals in the neighborhood. What makes The Biltmore different is that many people come from other neighborhoods to try it out. But with so much good food and easygoing good times, why not?"

http://www.dirtywaternews.com/index.php/component/content/article/207-in-this-issue/restaurant-profile/1711-youll-wish-theyd-bilt-more, Working on a very seasonal ad for the Bostonphoenix this month! Can't wait to share with you! Once released, we'll have a little contest to see who is featured in the image! Hint: circa 1930, We love private parties because we get to make platters like this! Email info@thebiltmoregrill.com to book your office/holiday/anytime party with us!, IMPORTANT NOTICE! Our dining room will be closed tomorrow at 4:30pm for a private party. The bar room will remain open for normal dinner service. Normal business hours will resume on Wednesday. Thank you!, No October at Biltmore Bar and Grill would be complete w/o Southern Tier Brewing Company's PumKing on draught! Check out it's video review from BeerGeekNation!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IwPf2oRjLBU, If you're accustomed to or want to cross over to the darker side of beers then our current Bottle Moment by Stone Brewing Co. is perfect. Help us celebrate their 16th Anniversary with this intense, bottle-built-for-two IPA.

Here's last month's review from Boston.com., For a limited time only! Saranac Black Forest on draught! This Bavarian-style black brew w/ caramel sweetness was inspired by the deepest, most-feared sections of the Adirondack's. Are you afraid of the dark?, Back by popular demand! Pumpkin Risotto w/ pan seared sea scallops! Chef decks it out w/ spiced cider glaze, crispy leeks & serves it in a roasted acorn squash., Did you know that Oktoberfest in Munich, Germany is the largest festival in the world? More than 6 million people are in attendance annually! Just in case you can't make it this year the guys over at Berkshire Brewing Company have provided us with "BBC Oktoberfest," a Marzen-style lager using German hops and yeast. 

(Rumor has it that BBC is also throwing their own Oktoberfest party, we hope we're invited!), New this week! Cocktail moment! "Septembeer" is house infused cinnamon bourbon, root beer, apple cider and ginger syrup on ice., CALLING ALL MUSICIANS! If you or someone you know has musical talent and would like to be booked into our weekly gigs, let us know! We are always looking for stellar additions to our existing stars.  

Email info@thebiltmoregrill.com 
(extra points if you can comment on who this guitar once belonged to), A HUGE thank you to all who came out for our Dogfish Head Brewery Beer dinner last night! Be on the look for for details on next month's event with Duvel on October 29th!, Welcome Dogfish Head Beer! We can't wait to sample your selection of brews tonight in good company., Dogfish Head Beer Dinner 9/24/2012, Today is the Newton Farm Festival on corner of Winchester and Nahanton Streets. Stop between 11am - 3pm for some delicious Street Corn., It's Friday night and we've got a cold drink with your name on it. Have you picked out your seat yet?, Our Beer Pairing Dinner with Dogfish Head Beer is just around the corner, on Monday September 24th. Check out our crafty menu below, then email rsvp@thebiltmoregrill.com to reserve your seat.

Course 1: Namaste (Belgian-style white beer) paired with Delaware crab.

Course 2: 90 Minute IPA paired with venison poutine and Maine cheese curds.

Course 3: Punkin Ale paired with sweet potato dumplings, duck confit and fennel.

Course 4: My Antonia (imperial pilsner) paired with tart cherry BBQ roasted ribs.

Course 5: Sahtea (modern take on a 9th-century Finnish beer) paired with espresso pot de creme with almond foam., It's a great day to come in and try our new Fall menu. The Chef can't wait to hear what your favorite seasonal dish will be., The Patriots are on at 1pm today - Go Gronk!, Tonight we have Sean Von Clauss in the house. Stop in for his all new set, starting at 10pm!, Autumn offerings will arrive on Monday. We hope to see you this weekend for your favorite Summer dishes., Watching the Bears vs Packers game tonight? Stop by for it and indulge with our Crazy Delicious Pub Fries... instead of shouting at the TV at home., For all you Biltmore old school fans - Ribs En Fuego are making an appearance on our bar snacks board tonight - come get 'em before they're gone!, Our five course Dogfish Head Beer Dinner is coming up on September 24th at 7pm. Chef Dan just announced the menu and boy is it looking good. Here are the course details...please email RSVP@thebiltmoregrill.com to reserve a seat. The cost is $55/person all inclusive.

Course 1: Namaste (Belgian-style white beer) paired with Delaware crab.

Course 2: 90 Minute IPA paired with venison poutine and Maine cheese curds.

Course 3: Punkin Ale paired with sweet potato dumplings, duck confit and fennel.

Course 4: My Antonia (imperial pilsner) paired with tart cherry BBQ roasted ribs.

Course 5: Sahtea (modern take on a 9th-century Finnish beer) paired with espresso pot de creme with almond foam., Today there will be a local remembrance and groundbreaking of eight Newton residents lost on 9/11: http://newton.patch.com/articles/committee-sets-groundbreaking-date-for-newton-9-11-memorial, We're all wishing local Olympian Aly Raisman a speedy recovery: www.boston.com/sports/blogs/thebuzz/2012/09/aly_raisman_inj.html?camp=localsearch:on:twit:HLnewton&dlvrit=183139, Football season is in full swing and we have the NFL package on all our TVs. Step out of the clouds and rain, warm up with some dynamite Hog Wings and sports fun with us.

http://www.nfl.com/, Attention craft beer drinkers, have you heard of this awesome new brew: Left Hand Brewing Co.'s Oktoberfest? It is a featured draught (while it lasts) and perfect to ease you into the Fall season.

Learn more here: www.lefthandbrewing.com/beers/oktoberfest, One of our seasonal brews of the moment include Wachusett Brewing Company's Pumpkan in a 12oz can. This is a tasty ale brewed with pumpkin & spices., If you missed Sunday's broadcast, you have one last chance to catch Chef Dan Lane's radio spot with Radio Brunch today at 12 noon on 1530AM., Good luck to all of the students starting classes today! And for the parents, here is a quick read article with tips: http://newton.patch.com/articles/ten-things-to-know-for-the-first-day-of-school-in-newton-2012-2013, Have a great Labor Day everyone! We're open today too... http://newton.patch.com/articles/whats-open-whats-closed-on-labor-day-in-newton, Turn your radio dial to 1530AM this morning at 11AM to hear summer BBQ and expert cooking tips from Chef Dan Lane on Radio Brunch with Host Nicole Cormier., Labor Day is a traditional sign to the end of summer. Lucky for us it looks like a breezy and refreshing weekend, better to ease into Fall..., It's finally Friday. So take a deep breath, drive on over, pick out your bar spot and settle in for some awesome tunes from Brian Burrill this evening., The two local ladies at @ratemypumpkins are on a mission to  taste and review 61 pumpkin brews in 61 days, starting September 1st. Sound like a fun challenge!

Or follow them here www.twitter.com/RATEMYPUMPKINS, Grilled pork chop with thyme polenta fries, sauteed green beans and balsamic pickled figs..., Baked stuffed lobster with rosemary mashed potatoes and swiss chard..., Hmm, this is an interesting debate... www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2012/09/does-tequila-make-us-crazy/309058/, And now you can keep the spirit of gourmet cooking alive with Julia Child candles - how fun! http://instagram.com/p/O15Hgwo7Yy/, Have you heard? We're already working on next month's Beer Pairing Dinner with Dogfish Head Beer on September 24th. Mark your calendars now, menu to come soon.... http://www.dogfish.com/brews-spirits/index.htm, House apple butter waffles with macerated berries & champagne grapes and blueberry-pomegranate maple syrup...the perfect way to start your Sunday!, Did you see the Globe's G section today? Excellent write up about Harpoon's latest addition to their 100 Barrel Series - White IPA. Very limited availability...guess who has it on draft...WE DO! Come try it before it's gone!, And what do you all have planned for this lovely Saturday? We're serving up brunch over here and ready for the day :), It's FINALLY Friday!! You know what that means... Live tunes... Great eats... Cold drinks... We're open until midnight... Be there or be square..., It's going to be another beautiful summer day. Why not stop in for an ice cold bottle of Full Sail Brewing Company's Session Lager. Yum... http://www.fullsailbrewing.com/session.cfm, Have a food mill sitting around the kitchen and no clue how to use it? A few helpful tips... http://www.chow.com/digest/123498/what-can-you-do-with-a-food-mill/, Heck yeah, Newton knows how to do it: http://newton.patch.com/articles/newton-ranked-no-4-in-cnn-money-s-best-places-to-live, It's Monday. Don't forget to Take it Easy: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xhaBgyPdI7c, On draught we have a very limited supply of Boulevard Brewing Company's Stingo, an old style brown (strong) ale. This is their 3rd beer in a collaboration series... stop in and try this classy brew. 

More flavor details here... www.boulevard.com/BoulevardBeers/collaboration-3/, Tonight's tunes will be provided by Matt Giorgio. Come on down for some slammin' blues, good eats and great company., Are you staying in-the-know with our email newsletter? If not head on over and sign up, so you can hear all about our awesomeness (and fantastic food + drink, too)... 

www.thebiltmoregrill.com/content/info.html, Happy birthday to a longtime favorite chef, Julia Child! Here is a fun story from Boston.com about Julia when she still lived in Cambridge: www.boston.com/lifestyle/food/2012/08/14/dinners-with-julia/sNBlkHmc3mpY1UlWgliTzL/story.html?camp=misc:on:twit:mostpop, A Boston.com recap of the best and worst in the London 2012 Olympics. Check it out here: www.boston.com/sports/other-sports/olympics/2012/08/13/best-and-worst-the-london-olympics/Ir9rcSkBOac6ha0vfPKeZL/pictures.html, Earlier this summer we participated in the Chef In Shorts event. Check out these fun shots of Biltmore Bar and Grill's Chef Dan Lane and Chef Leah Dubois of Local 149. , 15th Annual Chefs in Shorts , Our Upper Falls Cooler made the cut in this Newton Tab article, stating "service is personalized to make a patron feel like they’re the only ones there." 

See more here: www.wickedlocal.com/newton/news/x866120591/Cool-summer-drinks-in-Newton#axzz23GvcN5rg, Our featured draught beer is Oskar Blues Brewery's Gubna Imperial IPA. "This beer will greet you with a pungent citrus blast, provide a spicy yet round middle and finish with a brisk, clean bitterness." 

Watch a cool video about the Gubna here: www.oskarblues.com/the-brews/gubna, We are proud to offer Harpoon Brewery Rich & Dan's Rye IPA in a bottle. It was originally released last spring as a one-time thing, and is now part of Harpoon's 100 Barrel Series., Today's temperature is expected to reach high 80s. Why not cool off with our Cocktail of the Moment... An August Moon. Made with Moon Mountain Vodka, Combier, pomegranate juice, dry vermouth and Kings Ginger Beer. Crisp goodness at $9/glass., This is SO cool. Olympic gold medalist Aly Raisman got her start in Newton. Thanks to our friends at Newton Patch for sharing the article: http://newton.patch.com/articles/aly-raisman-it-all-started-in-a-newton-gym, Great old time cartoon, courtesy of our friends at Saranac., Tonight is our sold-out Oskar Blues Beer Dinner. If you have a ticket we look forward to seeing you! If not, please know that our dining room will be closed to the public at 6pm. Cheers!, It's Sunday Fun-Day. So before you ship off for a day of activities stop by and enjoy Boston Magazine's Best Brunch west of Boston., Yum! Delicious ways to mix up your sweet corn dishes this summer from SAVEUR Magazine http://www.saveur.com/gallery/Summer-Sweet-Corn-Recipes/1, And tonight's live entertainment is by Nate Watkins Music. Stop by after work for some good eats, cold drinks and great tunes., Today is National IPA Day. Stop in and celebrate with one of our icy  cold draught brews., Joining us on Monday for the Oskar Blues Beer Dinner? All five courses will be delightful, with dishes from Pan Seared Trout to BBQ Brisket Tacos. Check out the menu here: http://www.thebiltmoregrill.com/content/news.html, The Olympics are fun to watch with a group (ok, maybe yelling is a little fun too). We've got London 2012 on our TVs round-the-clock. 

Here is a quick wrap up in case you've missed anything big: http://www.boston.com/ae/tv/2012/07/30/olympic-viewing-coverage-london-games/bhHzBq8z82Mstg3epPclZK/story.html, We love the local Farmers Market scene... especially during summer months. Check out this article from Bon Appétit Magazine on how to look hip toting your crops home: www.bonappetit.com/blogsandforums/blogs/badaily/2012/07/cool-market-totes.html, This week we are proud to feature Fatty Bampkins Hard Cider from Maine on draught.  They "use six apple varieties which are pressed separately, fermented in bourbon and rye barrels with three different yeasts and aged for four months in the barrels." 

If that isn't a thirst quencher on a hot summer day, what is?, Chef Dan Lane's newest offering, Mango Kiwi and Spicy Watermelon Layered Gazpacho. Available all weekend, just ask your server about it!, Tonight's live music will be provided by Sean Von Clauss. If you find yourself in the neighborhood stop by for some great tunes and good company., Check out our newest Beer Dinner, coming up in early August. Five delightful courses, each paired with a crisp and distinct beer from Oskar Blues., null, Apparently you REALLY love our burger because we're in the running for Best Burger on The A List with WGBH! When you have a chance, please drop us a vote here: http://boston.cityvoter.com/best/burger/food/boston, Have you been following Newton's Olympic Rower, Gevvie Stone? Here's an article about her practice sessions on the Charles River and trip to the London Olympics: http://www.wickedlocal.com/newton/news/x970405166/Newton-rower-Gevvie-Stone-on-her-way-to-London-Olympics#axzz21XulJZl7, Thank you for nominating us, we are a finalist in two categories of Newton's Best on Newton Patch. Please take a moment to cast your vote in either the Best Burger category or Best Pub or Restaurant category .... http://newton.patch.com/articles/vote-newtons-best-for-patch-readers-choice-2012, We have a unique Beer Dinner with Oskar Blues Brewery coming up on Monday, August 6th. This is a five-course pairing event that will awaken the taste buds and delight your palette. 

Tickets are $55 each and the menu is available here: http://www.thebiltmoregrill.com/content/news.html, It's Sunday Fun-Day... Wishing all our Facebook friends a day filled with good, clean fun., We are pleased to introduce you to Big Bertha II.... our Cocktail of the Moment that features Sauza Blue Agave Tequila, ginger tea syrup and lime juice over crushed ice with a float of Malbec. Mystical goodness at $9 each., Tonight's musical entertainment is by the always awesome Brian Burrill Music. Our dinner additions from Chef Dan Lane include Lobster Ravioli with house-made vodka sauce and baby romanesca along with a Pretzel Burger with house-made beer cheese and blue cheese (pictured). Stop in for a bite, a brew, and some great tunes!, Today is the 200th day of the year. In honor of this, we are offering $2.00 Fried Clams and Thai Calamari bar snacks. All day, and all night!, We just tapped a new keg of Tröegs Brewing Company Perpetual IPA. A brew that is “straw in color and bittered with an abundance of citrus and spicy hops." Stop in for one today... you know you want to., Here's what Beantown Eats has to say about us... "The Biltmore brings quality comfort with a neighborhood feel, and that delicious combination can be hard to find." 

Read more about their experience here: http://beantowneats.com/harpoon-dinner-at-the-biltmore/, BAR BITE CONTEST: 91 years ago, a secret knock or handshake would get you in the door of a speakeasy like The Biltmore during the Prohibition. 

What would be the house rule to grant admittance to your speakeasy? Leave your shoes at the door, $1 entry fee, no cursing...? Most creative answer by 5pm EDT today wins!, Our Cocktail of the Moment is a Coconut Crush, it adds a little burst of tropical paradise to your day., One of our featured dishes for tonight...Tuna Sashimi with a sesame and pepper crust accompanied by fried wonton and seaweed salad. All topped with a strawberry chipotle vinaigrette. YUM., Straight from the dock to your plate, Chef Dan Lane's tasty addition for this weekend...Grilled Wahoo from Hawaii, with sweet potato puree and local arugula salad., Did you know The Biltmore Bar & Grille originally opened as a speakeasy in 1921? The Prohibition ran from 1920 - 1925 and banned the national sale, distribution and consumption of any substance with an alcohol content greater than 2.75%., Like this post if you tried our special Buffalo Chicken Sandwich at lunch today. Did it rock your world?, We hope you find time to stop in this week for a bite to eat and a cold beverage. On tap you'll always find a wide variety of craft beers, including Plymouth, Mass. based brewer Mayflower Brewing Company., null, Here's a little Clapton to start your Monday... Hope it's all smooth sailing: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YiNUZTyukC4&feature=related, House sausage and bacon on home made banana bread with devil egg and cherry tomato! Stop in for brunch this weekend!, The Newton Patch is accepting nominations for the Best Pub in Newton and we need your help! If you find a few moments on this lovely Friday please nominate us here: http://newton.patch.com/articles/nominate-newtons-best-for-patch-readers-choice-2012, What's cold, refreshing + perfect on a HOT July day? 

You guessed it! The always popular Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project on tap right here at The Biltmore Bar & Grille. Pretty Things is one of our local favorites., Happy 4th Of July! Here's one of our favorite patriotic tunes from Ray Charles...

Wishing all our friends a safe and fun-filled day: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gOvA-Hn4_ZM., Stop in for lunch today and enjoy a Red, White and Blue Burger for lunch. It's totally delish with RED tomato, charred WHITE onion, BLUE cheese and sweet fries. 

Remember we're closed tomorrow for Independence Day..., Perfect day to check out our summer menu! Watermelon salad with sherry vinaigrette and codfish tail with white bean cassoulet! Light and delicious!, Saw The Bride just now and she wanted to remind the servers to do their sidework., Fizzy Lifting Lemonade!, Coffee Porter! Due out this winter!! Perfect ending!!, What's this?? A secret beer course??? @harpoon_brewery !!!, Quad Leviathan! Dark chocolate cupcake!, Rabbit confit grilled cheese!!!! Rye ipa!! Life is goooooood!!!!, Back! New back label, new beer, different stories for each beer!, Front, Ginger wheat brew with spicy Tom yum by Dane Lane!!, Whole belly fried clams with oregano and Cajun remoulade! And unfiltered pale ale!!, Pomegranate glazed chicken and harpoon cider!!, Thanks @Mallory Dana for the outstanding art work!!!, For those of you under a rock: Harpoon Brewery is invading our dining room tonight from 6-9pm...so no regular menu, just BEER DINNER. Enjoy our new Summer menu in the bar room!, SUMMER MENU LAUNCH TONIGHT! Available in the bar room only as we are partying with Harpoon Brewery tonight! @harpoon_brewery @rawleah, Speaking of parties...Check out this event at our sister location: Local 149 next month..., null, null, null, Biltmore Brunch Staple! Sausage Fritters with house made apple butter! Yes please!!, Superfood brunch! Hearty sautéed greens with olive oil and quinoa hash!, Biltmore Bloody's!! Secret recipe with Aquavit! Cures anything that ails ya!, The coolest!! No wonder we are selling out! Justl a few more seats left!!!, Cool little blurb about the dinner this Monday.., So excited about our ALMOST SOLD OUT beer dinner with Harpoon Brewery on Monday! Please note: our dining room will not be available for regular dinner service, we'll be too busy partying!!, It's hot out. Our A/C works splendidly. Come cool down for lunch with a nice, cold 'Gansett Summer., null, If you love our burgers as much as we do nominate us on Newton Patch! While you're at it...how about best pub/bar!

http://newton.patch.com/articles/nominate-newtons-best-for-patch-readers-choice-2012, Happy Father's Day!, Great sunny day in Newton!, null, null, null, null, Game 7 tonight! Come watch the Celts send the Heat home for the summer!, Tonight's Catch - Grilled Bluefish with basmati rice, heirloom tomatoes and roasted corn vinaigrette., Holiday brunch! Come get some!, Game 7 hangover is tremendous but we can't wait to take down the Heat. Stop by and say hey on your way to the beach or bbq!, Matt Gorgio is live in the bar tonight! 10 pm and no cover, Friday night. Celts/Sixers. Hog wings. We've got the start of your weekend covered!, null, Celts are looking to take game 2. Where are you going to be?, Happy Mother's Day!, What an awesome Friday! Come down and have some grub from our spring menu. What's your new fave?, Join us as the Celts try to close out the Hawks tonight! Tipoff is 8pm and we've got the coldest beer and best bar snacks for the game, Join us at 5pm tonight as we tap into our barrel of extremely limited "Marvin" by Crispin Cider. A Crispin rep will be on hand with fun giveaways - she may even buy a few for some lucky guests..., Derby Day! Bust out your seersucker and big hats and come watch the race and enjoy some mint juleps! Oh, it's also cinco de mayo!, Game 3 tonight! We've got all your faves for the game: hog wings and cold beer! Come down and watch the C's with us!, null, Wireworks 75 - freaturing GrandTen Distilling's Wireworks gin...spash of St. Germain, muddled grapefruit and topped with prosecco., null, null, Now accepting reservations for Mother's Day brunch...call soon before we fill up! And while you're at it, vote for us as "Best Place in Newton for Mother's Day Brunch!" , We'll have the sound on for the Bruins game so come have a snack and something delicious on draft...Go B's!, Pan Roasted Grey Sole with white bean cassoulet, sauteed kale and preserved lemon, Spring Vegetable Flatbread with chipotle goat cheese and oregano oil, Ancho Rubbed Pork Chop with smashed sweet potatoes, brussel sprouts and caramelized onions, Sauteed PEI Mussels with fennel, chorizo and white wine, Roasted Half Chicken with lemon & rosemary - roasted spring potatoes and bright lights swiss chard, Top Sirloin with roasted crimini mushrooms and spring potatoes, grilled spring onion and red wine reduction, Red Sox and Yankees at 3:05. If you're not at the game you better be here!, Bruins versus Caps, new spring menu, cold beer. We've got you covered for tonight, Chef Dan's spring menu starts tonight: rabbit ravioli, pei mussles, spring veg flatbread and a ancho double pork chop! Can you handle the double pork chop?, Good luck to all the runners today!, B's playoffs start tonight! Come eat a grilled cheese, have some beers and cheer 'em on!, National Grilled Cheese Day means you should have our smoked duck grilled cheese: duck confit, fontina, blue cheese mustard and apple butter! Oh yeah!, Happy Easter!, Nate Watkins live tonight in the bar. 10 pm. Be there or be square., Let's get this weekend started: beer and hog wings please!, Time to make those Easter brunch reservations! Call us at 617 527 2550, We've got our Mega Millions tickets. Do you?, You know what Sundays are for? Brunch and bloody mary's!, We've got Matt Giorgio live tonight! Fun starts at 10., Munch Madness 2012 is upon us! Help our sister restaurant Local 149 advance - voting today and tomorrow only! , Happy St. Pats! Seann von Clauss live tonight! 10 pm sharp!, Sadly we had Harvard going all the way to the Final Four. Lucky for you we're much better at food and cocktails. Come down for some March Madness!, Just a reminder: we are closed today for some renovations. We look forward to seeing your for lunch tomorrow., You lost an hour of sleep, have a bloody mary!, Brian Burril live tonight, 10pm. Be there or be square!, Hey everyone! We will be closed this Monday for some repairs. Sorry for any inconvenience., Hungry? Come let us make you dinner: chicken & waffles, smoked duck grilled cheese, braised short rib. We've got all your faves, Tonight in the bar we've got Chad Lamarsh! 10pm and no cover!, Hey everybody! Our beer dinner with Brooklyn Brewery had to be rescheduled to March 26. Sorry for any inconvenience., Nate Watkins live tonight at 10! Don't miss it, Still some spots left for Monday's beer dinner with Brooklyn Brewery. RSVP now breanne@thebiltmoregrill.com!, Sazerac? Hurricane? Ramos gin fizz? What's your favorite n'awlins drink? Happy mardi gras!, Enjoy your day off with some holiday lunch and cocktails. We're here all day and night, Enjoy the holiday weekend with some good food, cold drinks and live music! Adam Waxman takes the stage at 10pm and rocks til close, Mark your calendars! Our next beer dinner is 2/27 with Brooklyn Brewery! $55 for 5 courses and 5 beers. RSVP today breanne@thebiltmoregrill.com, We still have a few spots left so call now! Gnocchi with wild mushroms and red snapper for two are just some of the tricks up our sleeve. 617 527 2550, Saturday night means live music! Tonigh Sean Von Clauss is back at 10pm in the bar. No cover, Don't be last minute! Make your Valentine's reservations now: 617 527 2550, We're closing early tonight for our holiday staff party. The dining room will close at 8 and the bar soon after. We'll be back at it tomorrow for lunch, (2/2) chos, ribs en fuego and ball park sliders. Go Pats!, (1/2) Our dining room closes at 5:30 tonight for a private party. However the bar is open all night Pats fans! We've got your favorite snacks: pulled chicken na, Cameron Robbins makes his Biltmore debut tonight! 10pm start and no cover. Let's go Pats fans let's start the party early!, Super weekend here we come!, Come get the Gronk burger Pats fans! Our awesome burger topped with kurabuta ham, fresh mozzarella, lettuce, tomato and our blue cheese mustard!, Brian Burrill live at 10pm for your weekend live music pleasure!, Dwight Howard isn't Superman?! Chef Dan is! Celts/Magic 8pm., B's vs Caps tonight 7 pm! We'll be serving up your favorite bar snacks and beer all night long, Brunch, Pats playoffs, 'gansett & hog wings. What more do you need?, Chad Lamarsh live tonight in the bar 10pm. No cover!, Brunch and a matinee B's game: perfect Saturday afternoon, You've got the day off, we've got to work. Let's call it brunch and get started., Brunch, bloody's, football and tomorrow is a holiday!, So our music tonight will be...the sounds from Foxboro! Come watch the game with the sound on with some cold beer and plenty of hog wings! Go Pats, Brunch is the most important meal before the big game. Go Pats!, The long weekend starts now with ice cold 'gansetts and hog wings!, Oysters are only $1 at the bar from 3-5pm today!! Come on down!, Happy birthday Chef Dan!, Happy New Year! Come to brunch!, Have a happy and safe New Year. Come in tonight to celebrate or stop by tomorrow for the first brunch of 2012!, Come celebrate NYE with us! Matt Giorgio live, menu specials like stuffed lobster tail, champagne toast, party favors and NO COVER. RSVP today!, NFL Saturday? A Christmas miracle perhaps. We're open all day some come down and watch some football!, Whoops! Too much egg nog already. Matt will not be here tonight but we'll still have plenty of holiday cheer!, Happy holidays friends! Matt Giorgio live tonight bringing the holiday cheer. Starts at 10, We will be closed tomorrow from 6-9 for a private event. We will reopen after for full bar and late nite menu. Happy holidays!, Saturday night means live music! Greg Lutrell at 10pm in the bar. No cover, ever, We don't care if you're naughty or nice. Come down and get started on the weekend with some drinks and dinner., Thirsty Thursday is here: skip the holiday shopping and stop in for some dinner, drinks and NFL football., Happy birthday Jason!, Brunch, 1pm games, Pats game, hog wings, dinner, late game, fernet shot. That's our day, what are you doing?, 86 turkey sub hog wings and beer. Brian Burrill live in the bar tonight, 10pm sharp!, Big congrats to Bree and Nate!, Happy Thankgiving! We will be closed tomorrow for the holiday but will reopen for lunch Friday., Pats are on MNF. We've got the beer chilled and the grill fired. Come on down, No Pats, no problem. We've got all your brunch favorites and the NFL ticket. Come down and enjoy your Sunday Funday with us!, Greg Lutrell is back at the Biltmore tonight at 10! No cover, Happy Beaujolais Nouveau Day!, College football all day and Nate Watkins live tonight at 10pm!, Beer dinner with BBC Nov. 14! 5 courses and 5 brews for $55. RSVP breanne@thebiltmoregrill.com today, Beer dinner with BBC Nov. 14! 5 courses and 5 brews for $55. RSVP breanne@thebiltmoregrill.com today, LSU vs 'Bama and Chad Lamarsh live at 10pm. We got you covered., Come celebrate National Sandwich day with a Biltmore burger, smoked duck grilled cheese or our awesome salmon burger!, Whoops! We are honored to have Randall Vera live in the bar tonight. No cover and still wear your halloween best, No live music tonight but come down in your halloween best!, Game 7 is tonight! Who are you rooting for? We'll have plenty of beer and bar snacks to keep you full so stop on in., Brunch, Pats/Cowboys and NFL ticket. Sunday funday starts now!, Join us tonight from 7-9 as we launch our exclusive lemongrass saison made by our friends at Cape Ann Brewing!, Matt Giorgio is live tonight in the bar starting at 10pm. No cover, so come on down!, What's your new fave off the fall menu? Duck drumsticks? Braised oxtail? Veal chop? All of the above?, Come try our new fall menu and let's get the weekend started!, Our next beer dinner is with Brewery Ommegang on Oct. 3. Get your tickets online at www.giltcity.com/boston today!, Brunch, bloodys and the NFL Ticket: Perfect Sunday., Nate Watkins live in the bar tonight! 10pm and no cover!, Greg Lutrell tonight in the bar! Kicks off at 10 so why don't you stop in early for supper. It's going to be a long, fun night., Happy Friday! It's almost 5 o'clock time for some hog wings and drinks., Our next beer pairing is with Rapscallion and is 9/19! Only $35 and starts at 7:30pm. RSVP breanne@thebiltmoregrill.com, Happy Labor Day! We're open at 11:30 for brunch and bloody's., Sox/Yanks, 'gansett and hog wings. What else do you need?, We don't close for tropical storms! We're open all day so if you need beer, food or a safe port in a storm stop in. Be careful out there, Tonight's fish of the moment: pan seared turbot filet with sweet potato mashed, grilled asparagus and roasted corn vinaigrette. Yum!, One...two...three...brunch!, Tonight live: we've got Nate Watkins! Kicks off at 10 and goes til close., What an awesome night! Thanks to Chris, Berkshire Mountain Distillery and everyone that came out., Still some seats for tonight's pairing with Berkshire Mountain Distillery with owner/master distiller Chris Weld! 4 courses and 4 cocktail pairings for $35. RSVP breanne@thebiltmoregrill.com, Tonight live: Sean Von Clauss in the bar! Starts at 10 and goes til close. No cover, Who wants brunch? We've got all your favorites so stop by and treat yourself right., Matt Giorgio live tonight at 10! Don't miss it, Our next beer pairing is 8/8 and is with Ommegang/Duvel! Rsvp with breanne@thebiltmoregrill.com, Brian Burrill is back tonight, live in the bar. Fun starts at 10. No cover, Let's go Bruins! Game 7; bring the Cup home!, Break out the black cards! For the convenience of our guests we are now accepting American Express!, We're gonna have the Bruins on and we've got hot food and cold beer so wear your black and gold and watch the game with us!, The beer dinner may be sold out but you should still come down and watch the Bruins and eat hog wings!, Who's ready for game 1? Ice cold 'gansetts, hog wings and Bruins; what more do you need?, Looking for plans for tonight? Come check out our beer pairing with Haverhill Brewery! 4 courses and 4 beers for $35. RSVP breanne@thebiltmoregrill.com, DJ Just Joan brings it starting at 10. No cover, Join us this Monday as our next beer pairing is with Haverhill Brewery! 4 courses & 4 beers for $35; 7:30. RSVP breanne@thebiltmoregrill.com, Happy Mother's Day!, Happy Derby Day! We've got tons of mint for juleps and we'll have the race on so come on down!, Friday night means Just Joan bringing the best rock, pop and soul. She starts at 10 but we're here all night., Salt or no salt. Where do you stand on this important issue of the day? Happy cinco de mayo!, Our first farm to table dinner was a great success! Thank you to Tom and TJ and everyone else at Cape Ann for everything! The Lemongrass-Pink Peppercorn Saison was amazing!, First farm to table dinner kicks off in a few minutes. So pumped for Cape Ann Brewery beers and Chef Dan's dinner from Tendercrop farm!, Matt Giorgio back tonight live in the bar. Kicks off at 10. No cover!, Hope to see everyone out on this beautiful Friday. Chef Dan is going to cooking up the food and Just Joan will be cooking up the rock n roll., Sean Von Clauss live tonight at 10 pm. Plus we still have some spots for Easter brunch. RSVP 617-527-2550, Friday night means Just Joan brings the rock, pop, and soul for your listening pleasure. The fun starts at 10., Book your resveration for Easter brunch or dinner now: 617-527-2550, Happy Patriots Day!, Chad Lamarsh live tonight! The fun starts at 10. No cover, Just Joan and our new spring menu. Who's down?, Kick off the weekend early with some 'gansetts and hog wings. You know you should., Just Joan drops the rawk at 10. Be there, Game day special the next three days in the bar: 2 ballpark sliders and a PBR for $9. Go Sox!, Still some seats for tomorow's wine pairing with Ruby Wines! Starts at 7:30 and is $40 for 4 courses. RSVP breanne@thebiltmoregrill.com, John Hanson live tonight in the bar! 10pm, It's Friday so that means it's time for Just Joan and Backtrack. Starts at 10. No cover., Chicken and waffles and bloody mary's. Who's comming down?, Greg Lutrell back at the Biltmore tonight! He kicks things off at 10. Hope to see everyone out tonight., Friday night means Just Joan bringing you the best rock, soul and pop. Kicks off at 10, Tonight, all the way from Maine, our friends Adam Waxman and Lyle Dyvinsky. The fun starts at 10 pm, Just Joan tonight at 10pm!, U2? Thin Lizzy? Pogues? What will you be playing on the juke while you enjoy the Dubliner burger? Irish bacon, irish cheddar, fried onions and herb mayo! Yum., Get ready for tomorrow by stopping by for some cold ones today. St. Practice Day, Matt Giorgio back at the Biltmore tonight! 10pm, DJ Just Joan is back at it tonight: spinning your faves that you crave. 10pm, It IS thirsty Thursday. Come out and drink 'gansetts., Rapscallion Brewing's fourth beer Blessing is debuting here tonight! Don't miss out on this unique beer pairing where you can try all four Rapscallion brews on draft for tonight only! RSVP breanne@thebiltmoregrill.com, It's almost brunch o'clock. What are your plans?, Whoops! Seann von Clauss is playing at 10, Matt Giorgio live tonight! 10pm, Special guest DJ Monster Carl tonight! Check it out at 10, Check us out this Saturday on TV Diner on NECN! The show airs at 10 am & 7 pm., Good morning everyone! Just a heads up: our kitchen will be closing at 9 pm tonight so that the staff can attend our holiday party. Don't worry the bar will be open til 1., No need to dig the car out today, just drive through the snow and head over. We've got brunch ready for you., Chad Lamarsh back tonight! 10pm. No cover., Backtrack Friday with Just Joan at 10pm. See you tonight!, Happy birthday to our good friend John Dewar!, Happy National Margarita Day!, Still some spots left for tomorrow's Brooklyn Brewery beer pairing! RSVP breanne@thebiltmoregrill.com, Check us out in the Herald's food blog: http://bostonherald.com/blogs/lifestyle/fork_lift/?p=3934, Happy Valentine's Day! Dinner plans? Come down and have dinner with us. We have some spots still open in the dining room and the bar will be open all night., RSVP today for tomorrow. 4-course pre fixe with a bottle of red/white/prosecco for $100 per couple. 617-527-2550, Plans tonight? How about dinner and drinks with us and then have Just Joan play your favorite music from the '70s and '80s?, Still time to make Valentine's Day reservations: $100 4 course dinner for two that includes a bottle of red, white, or sparkling wine. RSVP today!, Sadly we have to cancel tonights beer pairing w/ Blue Hills Brewery. We'll let you know when it is rescheduled. We apologize for any inconvenience., Do you like us? Take a minute and let the Phoenix know: http://thephoenix.com/thebest/boston/vote/, Who you like? We got Cheddar cheese & potato stuffed perogies topped w carmelized onions. :), You need brunch before the Super Bowl. We've got brunch AND the Super Bowl. Come down, Come watch the game tomorrow with us on our 9 TV's! Also, Super Bowl app special: Cheddar cheese & potato stuffed perogies topped w carmelized onions. Oh yeah!, Just Another Guru returns tonight! Live at 10pm. No cover, Sick of being stuck in the house? It's Backtrack Friday so Just Joan will be playing your favorite songs from the '70s and '80s. No cover, 10pm, Beer pairing this Monday with Blue Hills! 4 beers/4 courses $35. RSVP: breanne@thebiltmoregrill.com, Yelena, Tracy and Stevie are working and are ready to serve you spicy bacon tots and 'gansetts. Come on down., Hog wings, mac fritters, chicken & waffles. We've got all your snowstorm favorites, Tonight: Matt Giorgio, live in the bar. 10pm, no cover. Ever, DJ JUST JOAN in less than an hour!, Check out the new Stuff magazine for Mike's recipe of the Belle Femme, inspired by Gillian Darmody from Boardwalk Empire: http://stuffboston.com/stuffboston/archive/2011/01/24/empirical-formulas-top-boston-bartenders-create-cocktails-straight-out-of-boardwalk-empire.aspx, Come warm up with us tonight at 7:30 for the Peak Organic beer pairing! RSVP to breanne@thebiltmoregrill.com, New brunch items! Scotch eggs, cinnamon sugared bananas foster and smoked toma & ham on marbled rye!, Greg Lutrell live at 10!, Get out of the snow and into Backtrack. DJ Just Joan spins the best rock/pop/ soul from the 70's and 80's. Starts at 10pm; no cover., null, Valentine's Day is less than a month away! Make your dinner reservation today: 617-527-2550, Come try our new menu items...start with beef brisket tacos, followed by organic cornish game hen with cornbread and jalapeno sausage stuffing or herb butter poached lobster...yum!, Come join us for holiday brunch today!, Come down and watch the Pats and enjoy some game time snacks: bbq boudin sausage, onion dip, and Chesapeake wings! Go Pats!, Live in the bar at 10pm: Chad Lamarsh! Come on down, Plans for the playoffs? Watch them with us and enjoy some special snacks: onion dip, Chesapeake wings, bbq boudin sausage and more!, Plans for the playoffs? Watch them with us and enjoy some special snacks: onion dip, Chesapeake wings, bbq boudin sausage and more!, Weekend lineup: Backtrack with Just Joan on Friday, 10 pm. Chad Lamarsh returns on Saturday night, 10 pm. See you then, Kitchen opens at 11:30 if you are out and about. Hog wings, pub fries, mac fritters; we've got all your cold weather favorites., Kitchen opens at 11:30 if you are out and about. Hog wings, pub fries, mac fritters; we've got all your old weather favorites., Good luck Olivia! We will miss you :), Pouring the Woodstock Wassail for our beer of the moment. Try one today., Still some seats for tonight's beer pairing: cheese & charcuterie and belgian beers! RSVP breanne@thebiltmoregrill.com, Brunch & football. We've got both., Good morning! Time for brunch, It's Friday. It's Backtrack with Just Joan. You know what to do., Make sure you RSVP for this mondays beer pairing featuring belgian beers and cheese and charcuterie. 7:30 pm and $35. breanne@thebiltmoregrill.com, Eat hog wings and drink 'gansetts., Happy birthday Jana!, 3...2...What? Too late? Happy new year anyway! Brunch starts at 10., Come celebrate NYE with us tonight: offering our awesome dinner menu, DJ Just Joan spinning the best tunes, and champagne toast at midnight! No cover!, Drink of the Moment: Spiced Rum Alexander!, NYE plans yet? Join us as we serve our dinner menu and then listen to DJ Just Joan ring in the new year with your favorite tunes. No cover; champagne toast., Holiday hours: Christmas Eve 11:30am-???, Christmas Day 5pm-1am, New Years Eve 11:30am-1am, New Years Day 10am-1am. Merry Christmas!, Drink of the Moment is a hot buttered rum, perfect for the chilly days and nights. New on draft is Southern Tier's Krampus Imperial Lager. Come check 'em out., Holiday hours: Christmas Eve 11:30am-???, Christmas Day 5pm-1am, New Years Eve 11:30am-1am, New Years Day 10am-1am., The Biltmore will be closed Monday from 6-9 for a private party. Plenty of time to catch Monday Night Football and eat hog wings., Take a break from all your Christmas shopping and stop by for some brunch and a bloody mary., Brian Burrill live tonight! 10 pm in the bar, The weekend is here and that means Backtrack! DJ Just Joan spins your favorites while the bartenders make your favorite holiday drinks., Check out the current issue of the Improper Bostonian for news about Local 149. Opening soon!, Go check out Stuff mag for news on Local 149: http://stuffboston.com/get/archive/2010/12/13/southbound.aspx, Awesome time last night with Pretty Things! Thanks to Dann and Martha and to everyone that came out. Cheers, Brunch. Brunch. Brunch., Special Edition of backtrack tonight! DJ Just Joan will be joined by Monster Carl on the 1's and 2's! The fun starts at 10. See you there., Check out our friends at American Provisions next week: http://boston.grubstreet.com/2010/12/southie_gets_a_fancy_new_marke.html, Beer pairing this Monday at 7:30! $35 gets you 4 courses and 4 beers from Pretty Things. This is the one not to miss! RSVP breanne@thebiltmoregrill.com, Burger of the Moment: Korean BBQ Burger. Try one today with a cold 'gansett!, Come celebrate repeal day with a cocktail, it's your Constitutional right!, Come check out Backtrack Friday with DJ Just Joan spinning your favorite rock/pop/soul in the bar at 10pm, New Beer of the Moment! Come check out Geary's Winter Ale!, Thanks Dennis for celebrating your birthday with us!, Chad LaMarsh live tonight, 10pm!, Come get over your turkey hangover tonight with Backtrack. DJ Just Joan spins your favorites starting at 10 pm., Happy Thanksgiving everyone!, Take a break from your Thanksgiving prep: Dining room is open til 11, Night Owl menu til midnight, and bar til 1., We will be closed tomorrow for the Thansgiving holiday but will be back at it Friday for lunch. Have a happy and safe Thanksging!, Check us out in the Globe: http://mobile.boston.com/ae/food/restaurants/articles/2010/11/17/scrumptious_pumpkin_dessert/  Go Bree!, Backtrack Friday is here and you know what that means: DJ Just Joan spinning all the best rock/pop/soul starting at 10. See you there., Hold onto your hats the Burger of the Moment is a Turducken burger: ground turkey and chicken, duck confit, gravy, american cheese and a side of cranberry sauce, Come down for Monday Night Football! Game is at 8; dinner menu til 10; night owl menu til midnight; bar til 1., Brunch and football = perfect sunday., Here comes the weekend! Kick it off tonight with Backtrack and DJ Just Joan, 10pm. Tomorrow night we've got live music with Brian Burell also starting at 10., Many thanks to Gary, BBC and Chef Dan for a wonderful night of beer and food. Next beer pairing is 11/22 with Dogfish Head. RSVP today: mills.breanne¡gmail.com, A few seats left for our beer pairing tonight with BBC. 7:30. 4 courses and 4 beers for ¤35! RSVP mills.breanne¡gmail.com, Still a few spots left for the BBC dinner Monday night at 7:30! Join us with Gary Bogoff as we try 4 of their brews with inspired cuisines. $35 RSVP to breanne@thebiltmoregrill.com, We are very excited to have Greg Luttrell live in the bar tonight! Starts at 10 p.m. Don't be late for this one!, Friday night so that means it's Backtrack with DJ Just Joan in the bar at 10 p.m. Start your weekend off right!, Next beer pairing is with BBC, Monday Nov. 8, 7:30. 4 courses and 4 beers for ¤35! RSVP mills.breanne¡gmail.com, Next beer pairing is with BBC, Monday Nov. 8, 7:30. 4 courses and 4 beers for ¤35! RSVP mills.breanne¡gmail.com, Happy Halloween!, Come celebrate Halloween with us tonight at our Flapper and Dapper costume party. Dress to impress; there is a prize for best costume., Play Ms. Pac-Man and eat hog wings., Get Halloween started early as DJ Monster Carl spins the best classic rock, pop, and soul. 10 pm tonight., Peter, Amanda and Katie are on the bar tonight. Come down and watch the Bruins and drink some 'gansetts., Many thanks to Smuttynose and everyone that came to last night's beer pairing. Great brews and great food., Still a few seats for our beer pairing Monday with Smuttynose! 4 courses/4 beers for ¤35. 7:30 p.m; RSVP mills.breanne¡gmail.com, Fridays mean it is time for Backtrack with DJ Just Joan, 10 p.m. Bringing all the beats and all the heat from old school rock, pop and soul., Happy birthday to our good friend Matt! Have a great weekend., Sorry for the inconvenience but the Smuttynose beer pairing has been postponed until Monday, Oct. 25., There are still a few seats for our beer pairing with Smuttynose. 4 courses/4 beers for ¤35. 7:30 p.m; RSVP mills.breanne¡gmail.com, Kitchen is firing on all cylinders for your brunch needs and there is plenty of space at the bar for football and bloody mary's., Christie Leigh live in the bar at 10 p.m. tonight, DJ Just Joan in the bar tomorrow at 10 p.m. Hear her spin classic rock, soul and pop. No cover!, Join us tonight from 6-10 as we host a fundraiser with the Newton Tanzania Collaborative for the Kwala Ed. Fund! Food, drinks, silent auction and raffle prizes!, You've got the day off and we don't. Come down and have brunch with us :), Join us Tuesday from 6-10 as we host a fundraiser with the Newton Tanzania Collaborative for the Kwala Ed. Fund! Food, drinks, silent auction and raffle prizes!, Chad LaMarsh returns tonight! 10 p.m. in the bar, DJ Just Joan tonight at 10. Be there or be square., Tonight at 10 in the bar: Matt Mysliwicz and Friends!, Come play Ms. Pac Man! 50 cents a game!, The new fall menu is out! Also, DJ Just Joan tonight in the bar, 10 p.m., Fall menu is available! Good bye lobster tacos, hello pumpkin gnocchi. What's your new fall favorite?, Still have some spots available for tonight's beer pairing with Cisco! Give a call or email breanne@thebiltmoregrill.com, Amanda and Peter are on the bar to take care of all your brunch needs. Come down and watch the Pats., Live music tonight in the bar! Brian Richard ¡ 10 pm. Be there., DJ Just Joan plays your favorite music from the '70's and '80's tonight in the bar, 10 pm., Fish of the Moment: pan seared salmon with roasted fingerling potatoes, haricot verts and mustard cream sauce. Come get some!, Pats game and 'gansett Fest? Sounds like a winning combo to us!, Just Another Guru returns to the Biltmore! Tonight 10pm, null, Come hear DJ Just Joan spin the best of '70's and 80's rock and pop. Tonight 10 pm., Looks like friend chicken and waffles are coming to Southie: http://bostonherald.com/business/general/view.bg?articleid=1282069&srvc=business&position=2, Check us out in today's Herald! http://www.bostonherald.com/entertainment/food_dining/food/view/20100915cocktail_arty_hub_bartenders_keep_drink_menus_fresh_with_creative_colorful_garnishes/, Burger of the Moment is a chicken burger: ground chicken with onions, peppers and basil. Soooo good., Thanks to Tom from Cape Ann Brewing and everyone that came to tonight's beer pairing. Great night of beer and food!, Duck confit ravioli...pumpkin bread pudding with cinnamon ice cream...you can have it all if you join us for our Cape Ann/Fisherman's beer tasting Monday night at 7:30. RSVP to breanne@thebiltmoregrille.com, Come get brunch today! All of your favorites and college football. Also, tonight live music in the bar from Sean Von Clauss ¡ 10pm!, DJ Just Joan in the bar tonight playing rock/pop/soul ¡ 10 pm! Tomorrow kicks off Sat. brunch so come down and watch college football and have breakfast w/ us!, Good looking staff tonight as most of the guys are at fantasy football draft. Come watch the game with us and drink 'gansetts!, Just over an hour until Night Owl menu! Lobster rolls, chicken & waffles, raw bar and all our bar snacks til midnight!, Join us on Monday for our next beer pairing with Cape Ann Brewing's Fisherman's brews. ¤35 and starts at 7:30. RSVP ¡ mills.breanne¡gmail.com, Come try our new Beer of the Moment: Southern Tier's Harvest ESB., Come see Amanda on the bar for holiday brunch. She would love to make you mimosas and bloody mary's., Jazz brunch today and holiday brunch tomorrow! Come see us :), We're thinking Dark & Stormys are the order of the day., Beer of the Moment: Star Island Single, a Belgian-style ale, from Smuttynose., It's too hot to cook. Come let us make you dinner as you sit in the comfort of A/C. :), Fish of the Moment: Grilled mako shark with swiss chard and roasted fingerlings. Come get out of the heat and have dinner with us. :), Good luck in Chicago Allegra! We will miss you!, Congrats to Patrick who won Best of Show with his 1929 Model A Ford Wagon "the Woody". Thanks to everyone for coming out!, Vintage car show ¡ Biltmore tomorrow! 12-4. Come out for some cool cars and some hot bbq! Prize for best of show!, We've got Mike, Andy and Katie on the bar tonight and they would love to make you the new Drink of the Moment: the Deauville :), Join the Biltmore for our First Vintage Car Show Sunday, August 29th at noon. There will be a prize for "favorite of show" and a BBQ!, Burger of the moment: Italian burger with fontina cheese, genoa salami, LTO, oil & vinegar, pickles and hots. Scared? You should be., Having a lazy Saturday? Us too. Come on over and watch baseball; Amanda is on the bar and she would love to pour you a Narragansett or Wormtown Pale Ale., Night Owl menu til midnight! Come hear the juke box tunes of DJ's Suz & Phil!, Having a lazy Saturday? Us too. Come on over and watch baseball; Amanda is on the bar and she would love to pour you a Narragansett or Wormtown Pale Ale., Come in for Grilled Lobster with Acorn Squash Risotto...Lobster Bake Fridays and Saturday 'til Labor Day!, Weekend Lobster Bake!!
August 20, Chefs in Shorts, RW workers! Come seek late night refuge with our Night Owl menu available until midnight! Regular folks are welcome too :), Burger of the Moment: Au Poivre Burger; Beer of the Moment: Worm Town Pale Ale. Try them both tonight!, Fish of the moment: Pan-seared, bacon-wrapped blackfish with jasmine rice! Mmm...bacon., Eat hog wings and drink 'gamsetts., Come watch the 2nd half of the Pats game and try our new bar snacks: shanghai sliders, popcorn chicken and stuffed dates. Yum!, Happy birthday Francisco!, Night Owl menu available until midnight! Hog wings, chicken & waffles, flat-top burgers and more in the bar., Many thanks to Mike from Duvel and everyone that came out last night!, Still a few more spots available for tonight's Duvel and cheese/charcuterie pairing. Starts at 7:30 and is $40. RSVP @ mills.breanne@gmail.com, Mon., Aug 9th join us for a great beer pairing: Duvel beers with local charcuterie and cheese! The night starts at 7:30 and is $40. RSVP mills.breanne@gmail.com, Burger of the Moment? Glad you asked: Stuffed Phily Burger! Great with a ice-cold 'gansett., Fish of the moment: Ancho-crusted bass with arugula and fennel salad, pickled beets and orange. Sooo good., Catch of the mment: Local striped bass with a corn and black bean cake, arugula salad  with a Costarican sauce. Yum!, Biltmore golf team at George Wright GC for a tournament benefiting Camp Hale.
Matt Camilleri, Ben Sharpe, Andy Fadous, Adam Kopplin, We still have some seats for tonight's Southampton beer pairing! $35 and it starts at 7:30. RSVP @ mills.breanne@gmail.com., Come celebrate Belgian Independence with Ommegang & Duvel tonight ¡ 5:30! There will be complimentary tastings and t-shirts, glassware & more to be given away!, Free Southampton beer tasting today @ 6 pm!, Complimentary beer tasting tomorrow from our friends at Southampton! Woo-hoo! Starts at 6 p.m. Don't be late!, Come celebrate Belgian independence this Wednesday w/ Duvel & Ommegang! They'll be giving away glasses, shirts and other cool stuff!, Thanks to Brooklyn Brewery and everyone that came out last night!, Still some seats left for tonight's beer/food pairing with Brooklyn Brewery. RSVP @ mills.breanne@gmail.com. Starts at 7:30 and is $35. Hope to see you tonight!, Too hot? Come try our new watermelon salad. That and a glass of wine...perfect dinner in the summer heat., We just got named best neighborhood bar for Newton in the current issue of the Improper Bostonian! Big thanks to our staff and our guests for making this true., Hope everyone had a fun 4th. We're back at it so stop by and have some lunch!, We will be closed tomorrow for the 4th of July. Have fun and be safe and we'll see you for lunch Monday. Happy birthday America!, Sara and Matt are coming in for dinner. You should too. Eat hog wings and drink 'gansetts., Paraguay v. Spain tomorrow at 2pm. Sound will be on!, Couldn't get away this weekend? Neither could we. Regular hours today and tomorrow w/$1 oysters and flat top sliders today from 4-6 in the bar!, US v Ghana today @ 2pm. Sound will be on!, Chef's in Shorts rocked! Thx to everyone who came out. Nice meeting new friends: Brian from Poe's Kitchen, Jay from Bambara (thnx 4 Fernet), and Josh from KO!, US v. Ghana tomorrow @ 2pm. Sound will be on!, Head down to the Seaport World Trade Center tomorrow for Chefs in Shorts and stop by our table and say hi. The grills will be hot and drinks will be cold!, Get out of the heat and into the AC and have some ice-cold 'gansetts!, New summer menu has been out for over a week now. What are your new favorites?, Come join the Biltmore at the 13th annual Chefs in Shorts event this Friday at the Seaport World Trade Center! Starts at 7pm. See you there!, There are still a few spots for our beer dinner tonight w/ Gritty McDuff's. $35 @ 7:30 for some amazing food and delicious beers. RSVP mills.breanne@gmail.com, Beer dinner with Gritty McDuff's tomorrow @ 7:30 pm! RSVP @ mills.breanne@gmail.com, Sound will be on and beer will be cold! Go Celts!, Happy St. Botolph's Day! Enjoy a St. Botolph's Town from Pretty Things while trying out the new summer menu!, Come watch the C's win and try out the new summer menu: lobster napoleon, tomato gazpacho, bison burgers, skirt steak & tater tots and more. Go Celts! Beat LA!, Jazz brunch tomorrow 10-3. Mimosas, red beer, fried dough & fried salami sandwiches! Yum!, Much like Big Baby, we're drooling over last nights win and the thought of $1 Pat Woodbury oysters and flat top sliders from 4-6 in the bar., Let's go Celts! Beat LA!, Many thanks to Steven and our friends at Global Beer Network for letting us try so many great Belgians last night. Troubadour Magma was our favorite. Yours?, Nothing going on tonight? Come check out our Belgian beer/food pairing. $35 and it starts @ 7:30. RSVP @ mills.breanne@gmail.com., We still have some room for Monday! Awesome Belgian beers and delicious food. RSVP @ mills.breanne@gmail.com, $1 oysters and $1 flat top sliders in the bar from 4-6 pm, Monday-Friday!, Monday June 7th is our next beer pairing! Come try some delicious Belgian beers and amazing food from Chef Dan! RSVP @ mills.breanne@gmail.com, Surf N Turf Happy Hour starts today! From 4-6, Mon-Fri there are $1 oysters and $1 flat top sliders in the bar!, Jazz brunch today and holiday brunch tomorrow. Stop on in and say hi, Take a break from planning the BBQ and stop by for some cold beer and fried pickles., Come celebrate National Burger Day at the Biltmore! We will be serving a Bison burger and a Surf & Turf burger all day. Also, from 4-6 pm $1 Flat Top Sliders!, Mark your calendars: June 7th is our next beer pairing! Beers of Belgium, here we come!, Still a couple spots open for tomorrow's Blue Hills Brewery beer & food pairing. It's $35 and starts at 7:30. RSVP @ mills.breanne@gmail.com., Beer of the Moment: Southern Tier Hop Sun. Come try one!, Join us Monday May 24 @ 7:30pm for our next beer pairing with Blue Hills Brewery. Tickets are $35. RSVP at mills.breanne@gmail.com., Come down and watch the Bruins win!, Sound will be on, 'gansetts will be cold and hog wings will be hot. Let's go Bruins! Drop the puck!, Cheer on the Celtics tonight. Game sound will be on!, Make Mom happy tomorrow. There are still a few reservations available for our jazz brunch, 10-3. RSVP at 6175272550., Chad Lamarsh back at the Biltmore live! Tomorrow, Saturday @ 9:30 pm., Happy Cinco de Mayo! Come down for some ice-cold Sols and some amazing specials from Chef Dan: Pupusas, Grilled bavette steak and talapia in a mango salsa!, Water crisis? Come down and eat hog wings and drink 'gansetts., Don't forget to make reservations for our Mother's Day jazz brunch, 10-3, next Sunday> Also follow us on Twitter @ http://twitter.com/BiltmoreBarGril, Stop by the Biltmore and celebrate Derby week with some cold mint juleps!, Chad Lamarsh is back on Saturday, April 10th at 9:30pm! Come over and check out our new spring menu as well :), Baseball season starts at The Biltmore Bar&Grille on Sunday April 4th when the Red Sox beat down the Yankees???? Well come over and cheer for the Sox!, Ready for some live music at your favorite bar? Come to see Chad Lamarsh on Saturday, Feb 20th at 9:30. See you there!, The Biltmore Crew @ MySecretBoston.com launch party last week., We hope to see you all tomorrow at Haiti Relief Super Bowl Party!!!! Need more info? give us a call at 617-527-2550!, Biltmore
Super Bowl Party to Help Re-Build in Haiti!!!! fundraising
opportunities through the sale of Super Bowl Squares and raffle prizes.
Come over on Super Bowl Sunday or contact me asap if you can donate
anything for the raffle. Thank you and visit www.thebiltmoregrille.com
for more info., Come and enjoy a full brunch on MLK Day, Monday January 18th and any upcoming Monday Holidays from 11:00am to 3:00pm., Celebrate New Year's Eve at The Biltmore!!!  http://thebiltmoregrill.com/press.php, Great Xmas party at the Biltmore last night! Thank you all for coming! Pictures will be posted soon :), The Biltmore, now a beer snob’s heaven. I love it! 
http://blogs.wickedlocal.com/newton/2009/12/11/the-biltmore-now-a-beer-snobs-heaven-i-love-it/, Buy One Get One Brunch Entree Free Every Sunday in December! Holidays are all about giving aren't they?, The Biltmore will be closed on Thursday Nov 26th! Happy Turkey Day to everybody!!!, Come to see Chad Lamarsh at The Biltmore on Saturday Nov 28th at 9:30pm!!!!, Come on by and chcek out our new winter menu!!! I would go for some fresh Maine lobster tail poached and finished in a sherry tomato cream sauce stuffed in a homemade popover and served with a Boston bibb salad!!!!! Oh yeah!, Lolonis wine tasting went great last night! And everybody left with little cute lady bug :) , Lolonis Wine Tasting 
Tuesday Nov 10, 7pm

Enjoy 5 Lolonis wines with exquisite food pairings and a fun, interactive presentation by Maureen Lolonis.$39 per person.

Limited availability.  

Call the Biltmore and make your reservation today!)