List(Thursday Night Comedy, Friday Night Play (and Saturday)

This Thursday is comedy night with funny man Kneel Bryant.  Doors open at 7pm.  Show starts at 8pm. Flatbread pizzas, deserts, salads.  Cash bar. 

Friday and Saturday night - dinner and play.  2 course dinner followed by the play, 'I Can't Remember Anything' by Arthur Miller.  Tickets available from Avenue Stage or Brown Paper Tickets. For more information please visit  www.avenuestage.org  Seating from 6.30pm.  Play starts at 7.45pm.  

Thank you to all who joined us for the Supper Club No. 1.  It was a very enjoyable evening and a chance to meet other people in our neighbourhood.  Thank you all for accommodating my request to sit together.  I think it worked well and we will definitely be hosting another supper in April., 'SIP AND SHOP AFTER DARK' this Friday

Don't forget this Friday is your chance to shop locally for some great deals with the Boston and Vicinity Club.  Their mission statement reads: 

B &V's ORGANIZATION  
The Boston and Vicinity Club are women who are committed and dedicated toward improving the quality of life for Women of Color  in our community and the greater community of Boston, MA where we reside. We welcome you to our website and we look forward to hearing from you and seeing you at one of our events and programs.

So, if you are looking for a relaxed evening of shopping, food and time to enjoy a glass or two, with friends, all under one roof,  please come and join us this Friday.  The event starts at 6.30 pm and is free.  Cash bar is available. 

Other events to look out for - this weekend (Saturday 26) Revolutionary Women and Reggae event.  If you are looking to buy tickets, please ask at the cafe. 

Thursday March 31 - Comedy night with Kneel Bryant
YouTube/kneel bryant, Supper Club this Friday - still a few seats available but limit is 20. Please come and represent your community. 

Last few days to get your vote in for Best Brunch - it would be wonderful if we could get this accolade and put our stretch of Dot Ave on the map.  Please help if you think we should get it by visiting Boston.com/Uncommon  Votes in by March 21.

Thank you., I have been a good girl this month and updated the website, the google calendar, emailed the list and now this. I have probably disturbed at least 2 people at the domain help line (?) who didn't know anyone could be such a troglodyte in this day and age.  If you know me, you know I AM NOT A COMPUTER SAVVY PERSON so now that I have gone cross-eyed staring at this screen, please, please, please humour me by checking out our events page or the website or, if you are on our mailing list, open the damn email!  And anyway, why can't I just yell at the screen and have it do what I want it to do?  I thought we were very technically advanced?

March 17 - Knitting Brunch
March 18 - Supper Club No. 1 http://dot2dotcafe.com/supper-club-no-1-friday-march-18/
March 25 - Sip and Shop file:///C:/Users/dot/Downloads/Flyer%20.pdf
March 26 - Revolutionary Women and Reggae
March 31 - Comedy Night with Kneel Bryant
April 1/2 and 8/9 - Avenue Stage presents: 'I Can't Remember Anything'.  2 course dinner and play. 
https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/#search/stageavenue%40gmail.com/1534db5092ca65fb

Keeping it in the Hood., PLEASE NOTE: SUPPER CLUB NO 1 DATE SHOULD READ AS FRIDAY MARCH 18 NOT MARCH 11.  
For full menu details, please visit our website events page.  To make a reservation, call the cafe or email dot2dotmanager@gmail.com 
http://dot2dotcafe.com/supper-club-no-1-friday-march-18/, CAN YOU HELP US WIN??

Dot 2 Dot Cafe has been nominated for a 'Best Brunch' award by Boston.com.  If you think we are deserving, you can vote by logging on to Boston.com and placing your vote no later than March 21.  Thanking you in anticipation., SUPPER CLUB NO 1 - FRIDAY MARCH 11. Doors open at 6.30. Supper begins at 7pm. 

Dear All,

I have been wanting to do this for quite some time, and I am hoping that you will be as excited as I am to see this take off.  I believe in community and that, by bringing people together, we can create stronger communities with a like minded goal.  In my time here I have met so many of you who have wonderful stories - artists, poets, musicians, photographers, teachers, dog rescuers, knitters, doctors, architects, lawyers, and the list could go on.  I have had the pleasure of introducing strangers to each other and watched the conversations that grow out of such meetings. I have seen pregnancies turn into babies and babies into young children who now order their own food.  If it takes a village, then we are that village and, by coming together, we can continue to build and strengthen our community. 

On this note, I would like to announce our first supper club.  Dot 2 Dot will provide a, very reasonably priced, three-course meal and a space for you to meet with others in your community.  Think of it as dining in an Italian pensione - a place to enjoy the food and company of others. I would like to encourage you to book a seat, as there will be a maximum of 20 diners only. 

Come with an open mind and a good appetite. I hope that you will join us. 

Supper Club No. 1 – Friday March 11

Curried squash and lentil soup with garlic flatbread (v)
OR
Fatoush – Middle Eastern salad (v)
OR
Crisp cheese tarts with Provence chutney

Chicken with sherry vinegar , shallots and tarragon served with horseradish potatoes
OR
Pan fried salmon with spicy tomato drizzle and couscous
OR
Wild mushroom risotto with roasted vegetable salad (v)

Turban d’Argen ( a set rice pudding with wine poached prunes)
OR
Hot Caribbean fruit salad (v)
OR
Banoffee pie
Doors open from 6.30 pm. Supper begins at 7pm.  $25 per head (excl meals tax), If you are looking for something to do tomorrow night, come and join us for Open Mic.  The floor is open to all performers - particularly interested in snake charmers, fire eaters, belly dancers, acrobats and jugglers but will also be happy to see musicians, comedians and poets. Great food, lots of Dutch courage available and the floor is all yours. 

Doors open at 6 pm with a $5 cover charge., I would like to say a huge thank you to those of you who braved the extremely cold weather on Valentines Day to come out for dinner at Dot 2 Dot.  We really appreciated your support and hope that you enjoyed the food, the Barry White tribute that seemed to be going on (Deborah and Mills were certainly grooving in the kitchen!) and the evening as a whole.  

We enjoyed creating the dishes and it certainly made me remember why I trained to be a chef.  This Friday we will be open for dinner and hosting our first open mic of 2016.  The menu will include a duck and mango salad, stir fried rice with sweet chilli pork ribs, wild mushroom risotto and other delights.  Doors open at 6pm.  $5 cover charge.  We hope you can join us., Dear All, 

We are back on track with the Open Mic for this month and will be hosting on Friday, February 26.  This is your community space to raise your voice whether it be in song, poetry or spoken word.  Please come and join us. 

Dot 2 Dot is proud to present: 

SAY IT OUT LOUD FRIDAY’S

A night of Music, Food and Fun. Live performances by local artists, spoken word , poetry and enjoy the culinary delights that Dot 2 Dot has to offer. 
This is a regular live event scheduled to take place on the last Friday of every month starting on February 26 from 6-10 pm.
Hosted by:  BOSTON BLACK 
$5 cover charge at the door.  Smart, casual dress. Artists who want to be showcased should email or drop in and write your name on the sign up list. If you are a live band, please bring your own equipment. 

  Your host  - Charles T White
www,dot2dotcafe.com / dot2dotmanager@gmail.com / 617-436-2368, Please accept our apologies for the short notice, but we will be closed today (Tuesday , February 16th).  We will re-open tomorrow.

Thank you., Dear All, 

Please note that we will be closing at the earlier time of 1pm today to prepare for the Valentines Dinner this evening.  

We apologise for any inconvenience. 

Thank you.  
http://dot2dotcafe.com/valentines-day-dinner/, VALENTINE NIGHTMARES - 'What do you mean you haven't booked a table yet?!!'
With three days to go here are some things you might want to consider: 

If you haven't already booked a table for Valentines, you will be hard pushed to a) not be packed in like sardines; b) not be involved in the next door couples conversation (pray that they are not breaking up); c) have to use the loo and, while squeezing past your fellow diners, know that at some point your handbag or your bottom is going to be in another diners face.  

Unless you have a chauffeur driven car, you will a) be paying the price of a dinner for parking; b) have to dress like a Yeti so that you can brave the cold while walking from A to B; forego that last glass of wine because, hey, the chauffeur took the night off.  

If you truly can't remember what you ate the last time you 'fine dined' then let us give you a dining experience to remember in an atmosphere that won't be pretentious, with lighting that allows you to see your food and prices that won't make you blanch.  Stay local, hang out with some friends (Valentines can be about friendship, not just smoochie), relax and enjoy your evening.  

Ladies - remember this year's a Leap year (so anything could happen!). 

DON'T FORGET -  We have one seating only so space is limited.  

To make a reservation, please call the cafe or email dot2dotmanager@gmail.com

http://dot2dotcafe.com/valentines-day-dinner/, Valentine's Dinner - Sunday 14  - 6pm

If you want to have a relaxed dining experience for Valentines, look no further.  We have one seating for the evening so that you can enjoy your meal without feeling pressured to leave.  This does mean that we have limited availability so don't wait until it's too late.  To make a reservation please call the cafe on 617-436-2368 or email dot2dotmanager@gmail.com. 

We look forward to seeing you on the night. 
http://dot2dotcafe.com/valentines-day-dinner/, Valentine's Day Dinner Menu

Time to start getting all smushy (or not).  If you want to keep it in the hood, then look no further .....

VALENTINE DAY DINNER MENU
Starters
Spiced chickpea soup with roasted garlic foccacia (v)
OR
Vegan mezze platter – houmous, dolmades, olives, roasted peppers, tabbouleh, flatbread
OR
Fig, bleu cheese and caramelized walnut salad with arugula, baby spinach, red onion with a reduced balsamic dressing

Main Course
Pan seared duck breast with vanilla bean risotto and sour cherry jus
OR
Swordfish in a coconut curry sauce with coconut sambal and rice pillaf
OR
Asian style eggplant with spicy mixed rice and green papaya salad (green beans, cherry tomatoes, cucumber, chilies, lime, cilantro, beansprouts)

Dessert
Fallen chocolate soufflé with Armagnac prunes and crème fraiche sauce
 (gluten free)
OR
Vanilla panna cotta with raspberry coulis
OR
Vegan crepes with Calvados apples, chocolate drizzle and soy ice-cream

 
Price per head - $40
Seating from 6pm
To reserve your table, please call 617-436-2368, or 
email dot2dotmanager@gmail.com, Open Mic tomorrow night - cancelled

I am very sorry to announce that we have to cancel this Friday's Open Mic Night due to a scheduling problem and the lack of an MC.  We hope to announce our next date as soon as possible, so please watch this space.  

Thank you., Follow us on Twitter at Dot 2 Dot @d2dcafe, DINNER AND OPEN MIC TONIGHT 
Don't forget it's Open Mic tonight.  Menu includes flatbread pizzas, garlic parmesan chicken, sweet potato wedges with hot chilli or sour cream, apple pie, vegan crepes, and more.  $10 min spend per person.  Doors open from 6.00.

Are you looking for a job in the the food service area?  We are currently looking for front of house, wait staff at the cafe.  If you have the relevant experience, and would like more information,  please contact me on 617-436-2368 or send a resume to dot2dotmanager@gmail.com., HAPPY NEW YEAR DOT 2 DOT FAITHFULS AND WELCOME TO OLD AND NEW FOR 2016.

We're back in the saddle and ready to roll in 2016.  Happy New Year to all you loyal faithfuls.  Watch out for some events this month.  

Friday, January 8 - Open Mic in collaboration with Boston School of Music Arts.  The talent was phenomenal last time so come out and see what you missed.  Minimum spend $10 per person (cheap night out on any level).  Doors open for dinner from 6pm.  Music starts at 7.

Thursday January 21 - Knitting Brunch.  Bet you are wishing you could be wearing a warm woolly scarf now!  Join our knitters for some socialising, knitting tips and the best French toast in town. 

Friday, January 29 - In The Mix open mic.  I've snagged a guest performance from Mel King for this one.  Mr King writes his own music and poetry and will be performing (with accompanying singers = you and me).  I'm thinking this might not be the night you want to miss.  Other performers tba. Dinner served from 6pm and music starts at 7.  $10 minimum spend.

Here's an article that will bring a smile to your face - I think I might write the British version!

https://www.romper.com/p/15-words-only-a-boston-kid-will-learn-because-its-jimmies-never-sprinkles-1802?utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=outreach&utm_campaign=outreach, Rise and shine - we are back open and ready to make your favorite breakfasts. For those of you who have been banging down the door for French Toast, omelette and our home fries, the doors are open. See you all soon and we wish you a very Happy New Year., Dear All,

Please note that the cafe will be closed from 1.00 pm tomorrow (Thursday 24th) to Friday January 1st.  We will resume business on January 2nd.  

May I take this opportunity to thank you for all your support throughout the year and, from both the staff and myself, we wish you a very happy and relaxed holiday season. We look forward to seeing you all again in the New Year.

Karen Henry-Garrett - Chef/Owner, Looks like Christmas is already taking its toll. Apologies for very short notice but our organizers for tonight have had to cancel the 'In The Mix' open mic. We will stay open until early evening with a scaled down dinner menu. Please come and join us for a relaxed evening., KNITTING BRUNCH THIS MORNING

If you haven't yet had a chance to join our group of knitters for brunch, this will be your last opportunity in 2015.  Brunch starts at 10 am. 

HEALTH WARNING: Possible side effects are knitted gifts for your loved ones, laughter, socializing, nimble fingers, knitting tips, unleashed cravings for French toast, and a previously unknown desire to sit still and let the world go by for a couple of hours.  Dot 2 Dot Cafe pleads the 5th and cannot be held responsible for any of the above., Designer wrapped Christmas gifts, Spoken word and live music and those Christmas Pies!!

If you want to make your Christmas gifts look extra special, come and join us this Thursday , 17th,  for a designer gift-wrapping session with On The Dot Books and Lusterity.  Starting from 7.30 to 10pm.  For information and tickets please contact Lusterity.

On Friday, 18th, we will be hosting the last Open Mic for this year.  Spoken word and live music from local musicians as well as delicious food.  A $10 minimum spend per person is required (pretty damn cheap for a Friday night out!!) and doors open from 6.00 pm. 

For anyone requiring pies for the holidays, we will be offering the apple, apple/blueberry, deep lemon tart and pumpkin/caramelized walnut as well as mini minced fruit pies (6 for $10).  I know it's short notice, but if you want to order a pie, please call the cafe by Friday or send an email.

Thank you., Lots of talent in the house tonight! Come and join us for Open Mic and dinner. Beef chili, squash, carrot and ginger soup, open faced cheesy sandwiches, flat bread pizzas. Have a drink and step up to the mic., DINNER AND OPEN MIC THIS FRIDAY - DECEMBER 11

This Friday we are hosting an Open Mic in collaboration with the Boston Music School of Arts (located in Lower Mills).  Come and join us for dinner, drinks and live entertainment from local musicians and students of the school. 

We will be offering flatbread pizzas, beef chilli with crusty garlic bread, winter vegetable soup, and a special grilled cheese sandwich (Welsh Rarebit) with salad.  A range of desserts will also be available. 

Doors open from 6pm for dinner.  We hope to see you there., FRIDAY DECEMBER 4 - AUTHOR DINNER EVENT

Please come and join us this Friday for a 3-course dinner and your chance to meet the author of 'Dirty Old Boston', Jim Botticelli. Doors open from 6.30 pm. 
Menu:

Butternut squash, carrot and ginger soup (v) with garlic flatbread
OR
Piedmont roasted pepper with tomatoes, garlic and fresh basil (v)

Moussaka with crisp green salad
OR
Seafood risotto
OR
Pasta Puttanesca (v)

Apple crisp (v) with soy ice-cream
OR
Dark and white chocolate roulade
OR
Bread and butter pudding with fresh whipped cream

Tickets available from dirtyoldbostondinner.bpt.me, Thanksgiving pies!, Great smells coming from the kitchen. The stage is set for live music. Come on out and support Musicians Making A Difference and socialize in your neighborhood. Relax with a glass of wine or beer or cocktail and enjoy the fact that we have things happening right here in your community., Oooh this Friday looks to be shaping up to be a bit of a music fest! Celebrating the 5th annual charity concert hosted by MMAD (Musicians Making A Difference).  Please see attached information and COME ON OUT AND SUPPORT., DINNER AND LIVE MUSIC THIS FRIDAY - NOVEMBER 20

If you are looking for somewhere to go on Friday night, this week we have dinner and live music.  Singer-songwriter Anne-Margaret from New York with Emmanuel Escobar on keyboards and saxaphone.  
Caribbean chicken with rice and peas, pasta puttanesca (v), flatbread pizzas and more.  Doors open from 6pm for dinner. 

Caribbean chicken with rice and peas, pasta puttanesca (v), flatbaread pizzas and more.  Doors open from 6pm for dinner. 

Any last minute debates on whether or not to order a Thanksgiving Pie should be put to rest because either a) you have already tasted one and know how good it is,  or b) still have no idea what to take as your contribution to the Thanksgiving table. You have until the weekend to get your order in.  

I can still take orders from anyone considering the take-home Thanksgiving Dinner.  Share dinner  with your friends, family and you only have to argue over who's doing the washing up.  Any last minute orders should be in by Friday. 

http://dot2dotcafe.com/thanksgiving-pies/
http://dot2dotcafe.com/a-perfect-thanksgiving-dinner/

Thank you., I am truly struggling with the idea of cajoling people into coming out to dinner/buy pies/listen to live music, when I can't read a newspaper without wanting to weep.  There are people I know who are hurting.  There are people we don't know whose lives have been forever changed.  In France we are seeing people embracing total strangers as a result of a shared grief.  And I wonder if we, as a community, can embrace each other, if we can take the time to stop and listen to another persons pain. Because there is too much of it, both near and far., Friday Night Dinners at Dot 2 Dot

If you are looking for somewhere local for a family night out, come and join us for dinner tomorrow night.  Home-cooked food, freshly prepared - we will have a range of dishes on offer from butternut squash soup with basil aioli,' Welsh rarebit' (an open-faced melted cheddar cheese sandwich with caramelised onions, crispy bacon (optional) and a mixed leaf salad, Pasta Puttanesca (vegan) and a vegetarian/vegan mezze platter as well as flatbread pizzas, bread and butter pudding and our D2D apple pie. 

Bring a board game, your knitting, a good book, or some good friends, and relax for a couple of hours.  The best bit is not having to wash up!

Dinner from 6pm. 

THE COUNTDOWN IS ON - DON'T FORGET TO ORDER YOUR PIE FOR THANKSGIVING!!!, IF ANYONE KNOWS JESSICA BOHN, could you please ask her to contact Dot 2 Dot for a reimbursement on her credit card.  My apologies for the mistake and I would like to rectify this situation as soon as possible. 

Thank you., Getting creative on the Halloween kids plates!, Halloween kids supper and 'In The Mix' dinner and open mic. 

So here's my thinking on Halloween. Why is there only one day in the year when adults get to dress up however they want and parade around in public just for the heck of it? If you are going to invest in a costume, why not get to wear it all week? Or once a month? Or out to breakfast/dinner and lunch? If you are in the same frame of mind, then join us tonight for dinner and open mic and come show off in your 'pre-Halloween' gear. We already have a witch in the house. I'm thinking of doing flapper style and Mills really wants to be ...... a what? I don't think that's actually allowed. 
Dinner from 6pm with open mic featuring spoken word and live music from local jazz musicians., PRE-HALLOWEEN SUPPER AND 'N THE MIX' OPEN MIC

Give your tiny tots a chance to wear their costume twice and join us for an early 'kid friendly' meal from 4pm.

6pm to 10pm we will be hosting our first dinner and 'N The Mix' Open Mic.  With spoken word and live music, come, listen and be heard, enjoy some community time and EAT some really good food. 

If you are breaking a sweat about Thanksgiving, check the website for details of our fully prepared Thanksgiving Dinner and don't forget it's time to start ordering those pies. 
http://dot2dotcafe.com/a-perfect-thanksgiving-dinner/
http://dot2dotcafe.com/thanksgiving-pies/, Tonight's Dinner Menu:

Savoury:
Garlic, parmesan chicken with roasted squash and mixed salad - $14
Chinese style eggplant with basmati rice and fried plantain (v) - $12
Flatbread pizzas – pepperoni, pineapple, banana peppers, onions OR baby spinach, feta, olives, tomatoes, peppers - $10
Mezze platter – houmous, roasted stuffed pepper, Kalamata olives, marinated artichokes, sundried tomatoes, garlic flatbread (v) - $12

Sweet:
Bread and butter pudding with fresh whipped cream - $6
Dot 2 Dot apple pie with ice cream - $6
Fresh fruit cobbler (gluten free) with soy ice-cream (v) - $6), LOTS HAPPENING AT DOT 2 DOT CAFE

Tonight we are open for dinner, next week we have a Halloween supper for your little ones, followed by our first 'N the Mix Open mic.  Time to order Thanksgiving Pies and, this year, we are also offering a full Thanksgiving Dinner for you to take home and present.  All the trimmings are prepared and cooked and all you have to do is pop the turkey in the oven (full instructions given).  Flyers available at the cafe and Thanksgiving menu posted on the website www.dot2dotcafe.com

If you would like to attend the dinner and theater event of 'Shared Bath, Full English' on the 5th, 6th or 7th of November, please contact www.avenuestage.org (NOT DOT.COM)  for tickets. ., IN THE MIX - SPOKEN WORD AND LIVE MUSIC OPEN MIC
FRIDAY OCTOBER 30.

We flailed for a while without the energy and talents of Alexi and his band but we are back up and running with a new name and a lot of talent coming to you from your community.  Please come and join us on the 30th for dinner, spoken word and live music. Event starts at 6pm.  

TONIGHT send out good vibes for Alexi who is performing at the Apollo's Amateur Night.  I'll be there cheering as loudly as I can on everyone's behalf.  GOOD LUCK ALEXI!!, So Farmers Market is over and Friday nights are abuzz with possibilities.  We will be open for dinner this coming Friday (October 23) and those of you who know how I cook - you know what NOT to expect.  Maybe we'll do a food mashup with flatbread pizzas and some chinese style eggplant with basmati rice and fried plantain (calling all you vegans who are tired of beans).  I've been wanting to experiment with a vegan fruit cobbler (why the hell do you call it cobbler? - there are no shoes here) and my son keeps beggng me for ribs.  So, yes, all over the place but we'll keep it real in the kitchen.  Look out for upcoming events:

Friday October 30th - from 4pm
Halloween family dinner for you and your little vampires/frankensteins/princesses/ power rangers  - the most horrifying thing about all of this is the price of the costume.  

From 6pm (October 30th)

'In The Mix' - a  dinner and spoken word/ live music event open to local poets, musicians, anyone with something to say (YES, YOU BRYAN B) and anyone who just wants to be there.    I am assured that the flyer will be posted today.  If not, I will give you the organizers details and you can bombard him with questions!! This will be a regular event at the cafe so please come and join us and make Dot 2 Dot a unique venue for cutting edge community events. 

NOVEMBER 5TH, 6TH AND 7TH - AVENUE STAGE PRESENTS:
 
'Shared Bath, Full English' a one-act comedy performed in the round. The play is preceded by a 2-course, fixed price dinner.  For ticket prices and more information, contact www.avenuestage.com. 

If Thanksgiving is looming and things already seem out of control, check out the Dot 2 Dot website for an option you just might consider. 

Thank you all for your likes, comments, support and persistence - I appreciate all of it., Come get some of our (vegan-friendly!) sweet potato and chickpea stew, along with sage focaccia, ginger scones, fresh wheat bread and more at the Ashmont Station Farmer's Market!, Welcome back to Tuesdays.

Just to let all you good, and very patient, people know, Dot 2 Dot will be open on Tuesday again, beginning this week (September 22).  We will be ready with your iced coffees, hot coffees, lattes, pastries, breakfast sandwiches, quiche, and anything else your hearts desire (as long as we have it).  See you tomorrow., Tea time at Dot 2 Dot Cafe. Crisp sweet pastry with a creme patissiere filling, topped with fresh fruit and finished with a grape jelly glaze. Look out for the next tea time date., Are you ready for the Mad Hatters Tea Party?

A quick reminder to put this Friday, September 18, in your diaries/calendars/smart phones/ i-pads/apple watches(?!! - I'm sorry but am I the only one who thinks its strange to see someone talking to their arm?).  Please do come and join us for tea at 3pm and wear your finest head gear.  I always find that dressing up in any form allows you to be whoever you want to be, so if anyone wants to come as Carmen Miranda ......

Menu: 
Finger sandwiches - smoked salmon and cucumber with cream cheese, egg mayonnaise with dill, turkey breast and cranberry
Scones with clotted cream and strawberry jam
French tarts with crème patissiere and glazed fruit
Dark and white chocolate roulade
Tea of your choice*

*Loose leaf teas - additional $1.50 charge per pot

$15 per person, $10 for children under the age of 10., My apologies for having been silent for so long.  My body keeps fighting me and its getting rather tiring.  However, I am excited that we have some events in the pipeline.  A huge thank you to those who turned up for our first British Tea Time.  Are you ready for some more?  Keep reading ......

The Mad Hatters Tea Party
September 18 – from 3pm to 6pm

‘Trust me.  I know a thing or two about liking people, and in time, after much chocolate and cake, ‘like turns into ‘what was his name again?’”
The Mad Hatter from Alice in Wonderland

Dot 2 Dot is happy to announce its second tea party.  Please come and join us for assorted finger sandwiches, clotted cream scones, French pastries, and lots and lots of tea.  The theme for this tea party is HATS.  Wear any kind you like – casual, elegant, OTT.  The wearer of the best hat will take home some tasty goodies. 

To make a reservation, please call the café on 617 436 2368 or email dot2dotmanager@gmail.com.  $15 per head (less for children under 10). 

We hope to see many of you there. With a hat!, PRIVATE EVENT TOMORROW (AUGUST 20) FROM 12.30 PM

Dear All, 

Tomorrow afternoon we will be catering for a private event for a company having their seminar in the café.  We will have to close the doors from 12pm to allow for set up at 12.30.  

I apologise for any inconvenience and hope that you will bear with us for the day.  Regular hours resume on Friday morning.  

Thank you., HONEST WORDS OPEN MIC - THURSDAY 30, 6PM
TEA FOR TWO - FRIDAY 31, 3PM

Please join us this Thursday evening for the Honest Words open mic event, hosted by Oskar Jeuvens.  Freshly prepared salads, quiche, open faced sandwiches, beer and wine.  Food for the belly and then food for thought. 

'There are few hours in life more agreeable than the hour dedicated to the ceremony known as afternoon tea' - Henry James

We have had much interest in this Friday's Teatime event and hope that it will be a great success, leading to a monthly event.  Come and imbibe, enjoy some British fayre and good company and help make it an event to remember.

 'Where there's tea, there's hope.' Arthur Wing Pinero

 Adults - $12, children under 10 - $6.  Tea served from 3pm.  Beer and wine also available. To make a reservation, please call the café or send an email to dot2dotmanager@gmail.com, So if you haven't already figured out that I am hell bent on seeing Alexis Paraschos become a superstar - here's my next mission. 

Alexi is taking part in a competition that could really help to further his musical career.  ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS VOTE!!!! 

Go to the following link, create a user name and password and you can vote up to 12 times each day.  He is totally worth the effort and you couldn't be voting for a nicer guy. Help us put him out in he universe - pleeeeze😬
http://www.alexisongs.com/Alexi/Blog/Entries/2015/7/16_How_To_Vote_For_Me_For_Music_Meets_Video_Contest_(MMVTeamAlexi).html

Don't delay - we are up against different time zones and every second, and vote, counts. 
THANK YOU., HONEST WORDS AND A VERY BRITISH TEA TIME

While we are all trying to stay cool in this wonderful weather (no complaints - six feet walls of snow aren't too distant a memory yet), here's a couple of events to watch out for.  Thursday July 30 - Honest Words open mic hosted by Oskar Jeuvens - your chance to express yourself verbally, publicy and without judgement.  Come and enjoy an ice-cold beer or a glass of wine, listen and be heard.  Food served, doors open from 6pm.  Spoken word from 7pm. 

I thought it might be nice to throw an afternoon tea so that we can all practice cocking our little pinky's while drinking copious amounts of tea.  I'm in the mood for making Victoria sponge cake, chocolate  profiteroles and fruit scones with jam and whipped cream.  Throw in a few finger sandwiches (smoked salmon and cream cheese, egg mayonnaise and watercress etc.) and Bob's your uncle.  Please come and join us on Friday July 31st.  Bring your little darlings or join friends for some down time.  And we can always go prohibition style and serve beer in the teacups.  Children under 10 years - $6, adults $12.  Please call to make a reservation.  Tea served from 3pm., Soulstice Open Mic - Saturday June 27, 7pm

If you have never come and joined us for a Soulstice Open Mic - WHAT'S STOPPING YOU?? The talented performers are definitely worth coming to see,  the live band is amazing, the food is really good and you can now have a drink and chill out right on your doorstep.  

This Saturday, not only will be celebrating our first year of the Soulstice event, but also saying goodbye (for now) to Alexi Paraschos who has been the mastermind behind these gatherings.  His energy and passion for making music happen has been the foundation for bringing other musicians together.  Please come and join us to wish him every success in his future endeavours and to thank him for all his hard work and commitment.  While he may be seeing out the first year of this open mic, it will continue to run under the auspices of his colleague Arafat, a well known community organizer, and members of the original band. 

Doors open at 7pm.  Minimum spend per head is $10 - Caribbean food on the menu.  Let's make this one a night to remember!, JUNE 19 - ROXBURY FILM FESTIVAL AT THE MFA

Last week I was lucky enough to attend the premiere of the documentary 'An Unexpected History: Hennessy and African Americans' held in the AMC cinema in Times Square.  The film is the work of documentary maker Llewellyn Smith in collaboration with his wife, Annie Stopford, both local Dorchester residents. Tonight the film is being shown at the Roxbury Film Festival followed by a Q&A session with the director. Tickets are still available and the film starts at 6pm. 

Please take the time to check this out (as well as many other wonderful offerings at the film festival).  It's a great story, with some real surprises for those who might think that Hennesy's is all about hip hop and bling. 
http://www.mfa.org/programs/film/an-unexpected-history-hennessy-and-african-americans, JUNE 18 - LIVE MUSIC FROM DINQUINESH MUSE:IC

Quick reminder to those of you who love live music. This Thursday we have Dinquinesh Muse:ic performing at the cafe with her band, guest appearances from local artists, art showcase and Caribbean menu.  Doors open at 6.30 pm.  Tickets available at the door - $25 per person.  Funds go towards helping Ms. D get her album produced and out to the public.  Here's your chance to hear her sing in an intimate venue right on your doorstep.  Please come and support., JUNE 18 - LIVE MUSIC FROM DINQUINESH MUSE:IC

As many of you know, Dot 2 Dot likes to support local artists and musicians.  This talented singer/songwriter is trying to raise the funds to produce her album.  The proceeds from the evening will go towards this goal.  It is my hope that many of you will come out to support this evening and help to put Dinquinesh and her amazing voice out into the universe., null, Dot 2 Dot Cafe - Closed on Tuesdays

Dear All, 

After some deliberation, I have decided to close the cafe on Tuesdays for the summer months.  As this is often one of our quietest days, I can use this time to be more productive on the catering side of the business.  As we have just been granted a wholesale licence, I am gearing up to produce some of our baked goods on a larger scale and will be able to use the cafe on a Tuesday to get a lot of work done. By September I will have a clearer perspective on how much time and space I will need, and expect to have staff on board to run the cafe for the regular six days a week. 

I realise this will be an inconvenience for many of you but I hope you will bear with me and wish me luck in this endeavour.  We will be open for business as usual for the rest of the week.  

Thank you., Bear with us - the café will be open today.  The floor just needs another hour or two to be firmly fixed in place.  Expecting to open at 10am - please do call ahead for an update. 

Thank you., Café closed today for kitchen repairs. 

My apologies to any of you looking for that cup of coffee, French toast or pancake works BUT we need some work done on the kitchen floor and it is still in progress.  I have to say he's a very lovely man, who I absolutely trust to do an amazing job, and is very professional about his work, so if anyone is looking for a tiler, he's your man.  
All that said - we cannot open today but look forward to greeting you all through our doors tomorrow.  Many apologies for the inconvenience. 

Thank you., Small plates menu for tonight's Soulstice Open Mic., Home tonight and wondering what to do? It's Soulstice open mic at Dot 2 Dot from 7pm. Come and join us for live music and delicious small plates. It won't break the bank, you'll be home before the carriage turns into a pumpkin and you get to be crooned to by some amazing talent. What more could you want??, Our deepest apologies: we have an extensive catering job to complete tomorrow, Thursday May 21st. As we only have very limited kitchen space that cannot accommodate regular service as well as outside requests, the restaurant will not be open. If you were planning to visit the Third Thursday knit and crochet group, please contact Beth regarding alternate accommodation. We look forward to seeing you all on Friday!, Happy Mother's Day, HAVE YOU SORTED OUT MOTHER'S DAY YET????

Words of advice: 
When we say 'No really, don't go to all that trouble just for me', we mean 'Of course you should push out the boat, in fact you should push out the whole damn navy and you still wont come anywhere close to knowing what it's like to be in labour'.  When you suggest a foot rub we will be oh-so-grateful and continuously pray that it will last for more than the five minutes it will take you to fall asleep. When you offer to cook dinner, we know that we have chosen a good partner/have done an excellent parenting job, and will surreptitiously snack for the next  2-3 hours that it will take before it is actually served (add extra 2 hours if shopping has not already been done).  If the words 'I didn't realise it would be so busy and they don't have any more tables' come anywhere near to being issued from your mouth, find your best friend and ask them to ziplock/superglue your lips.  Better to spend the day miming for comic relief than to be relegated to the basement for lack of forward planning. 

Check list: 

Flowers - yes
Chocolates - yes
Bubbly - yes
Brunch/lunch/dinner (take your pick) - yes

And when you have congratulated yourself for having pulled off an amazing Mother's Day, close the door quietly and mind your own damn business.  We are all on the phone calling the other mothers - because it's time to get our jam on. 

Don't get caught out this Sunday - make a reservation now for our special Dot 2 Dot Mother's Day Brunch.  Check the website for details  - http://dot2dotcafe.com/mothers-day-brunch-sunday-may-11-2014/.  Tables are still available and children are always welcome. We will be opening at the later time of 9am and closing at 3pm., Stomach Bug

Dear All. 

I guess I was foolish enough to think that I would go unscathed after having a sick child in the house. Just when I thought the coast was clear it came back to get me with a vengeance. My son Is typing this for me (so excuse any typos) . And giving me great advice as he considers himself to be a survivor!! 

Any one else who is suffering will know exactly where I'm coming from my apologies for any unforeseen closures. 

Thank you for your understanding.
Karen, MOTHER'S DAY ALREADY???

I can't believe this day is already approaching and how quickly it has come around again!  A special Mother's Day menu has been put together and now you can celebrate with a glass of bubbly or a coffee-based cocktail.  Please come and join us and treat the Mother in your life to a gourmet brunch. 

MOTHERS DAY MENU
MAY 10, 2015
Doors open from 9am to 3pm

Breakfast fruit medley with Greek yogurt and crunchy seeds - $7
Pesto eggy bread with Parma ham, roasted tomatoes and marinated peppers topped with your choice of egg - $11
Potato rosti topped with arugula, smoked salmon, roasted asparagus, poached eggs, hollandaise sauce and toast - $12
8oz steak served with roasted vegetable medley, potato rosti, choice of eggs and toast - $17.50
Spinach, garlic and potato ‘pancake’ served with roasted cherry tomatoes, zucchini and Portabello mushrooms (v) - $10
Lobster salad (arugula, baby spinach, cherry tomatoes, cucumber, pepperoncini, soft boiled egg, spicy garlic, avocado, grapes) with lemon vinaigrette dressing - $17

Apple cinnamon pancakes with toffee sauce (v) - $8
Deep lemon tart with fresh whipped cream and  berry coulis - $6
Hot blackberry and apple trifle - $8
To make a reservation, please call the café on 617-436-2368 or email dot2dotmanager@gmail.com.  Children are welcome and can be accommodated with other menu options., So after a day of projectile vomiting from my only child, I have a conflict as to whether we will be open tomorrow.  As I am effectively single-parenting while my better half is on the road, I will make an executive decision to stay home until I am certain my son will not be crying into the toilet bowl or lying lethargic on the sofa.  I take my hat off to all those who single-handedly bring up their children, particularly in times of illness.  I have an end in sight within the next 48 hours.  I have no idea how you do it when there is no one else coming to pick up the pieces.  More power to you.  

If I am able to organize cover for the day, we will be open, but, if not, I hope you will forgive the inconvenience and understand the situation.

KH-G, Please note: the café will be closed today (Tuesday April 14) due to staff illness. We apologise for any inconvenience. We will be open tomorrow at 8am. 
Thank you., For anyone interested in eating out this Friday, our menu is as follows:

Appetisers:

Butternut squash, sage and cannellini bean soup (v) - $6

Vegetarian mezze platter (roasted pepper salad, houmous, vine tomatoes with basil, dolmades (stuffed vine leaves), cacik (Greek yogurt) and Lebanese flatbread - $8

Bruschetta with roasted cherry tomatoes, pesto and ricotta cheese - $6

Main Course:

Lemon roasted chicken with mixed vegetable medley (zucchini, tomatoes, garlic, red onions, green beans) - $14

Garlicky shrimp (shell/head on) with spicy grits - $16

Vegetable kebabs with rice pillaf - $10

Dessert:

Bread and butter pudding with vanilla ice-cream - $6

Kiwi and lemon sorbet (v) - $5

Apple pie with fresh whipped cream or vanilla ice-cream - $6

Doors open from 6pm. Reservations not required although a heads up would be nice!!, So before my birthday month is over I have a lot of thank you's to send.
 
Thank you to all of you Happy Birthday wishers and, yes, I am 75 again and look damn good on it!  

Thank you for all those comments on us winning the Dorchester Chili Cook-Off for Best Non-Beef Chili.  I don't often get a chance to participate in these events, so it was especially nice to be there and then receive a prize.
  
Thank you also for the lovely comments on my dress code for the Oscars on the Avenue event.  Again - not my usual cup of tea but boy do I love to dress up when I get the chance! I guess it did the trick and I am quite chuffed to have received Best Dressed Female.  My little Oscar stands proud on my dresser. 

The biggest thank you must go to all of you who have supported us over the last few months through some of the worst weather Boston has seen in many years (I'm not a veteran so you will have your own notes to compare).  You made it out through ice and snow and treacherous roads and helped us to survive.  All small businesses have a tough time in the first part of the year but this one was brutal and we are only just getting back to normal turnover.  We could not have made it without you - so take a bow and give yourselves a round of applause and keep on coming!!

May 2015 bring us all much happiness and success in reaching our goals., Ridiculously long day yesterday and now I've overslept! My apologies - we will be open by 9am. SORRY😢, Don't forget we are open for dinner this evening - 

Salmon fillet with cilantro,ginger and garlic topping served with couscous and roasted vegetables - $15
Stir-fried beef  and vegetables with noodles - $15
Black bean and squash chilli with Lebanese flatbread (v) - $9
 
 Bread and butter pudding with vanilla ice-cream - $6
Crushed meringues with blackberries and Greek yogurt - $6
Apple and blueberry crisp (v) - $6  

Hope you can join us. 

Last shout out for tomorrow nights celebration of Harriet Tubman with 'Revolutionary Women and Reggae' for International Women's Month.  Call the café for further details and how to get tickets.  $25 includes live music and 3 course dinner. 


--, What's Happening At Dot 2 Dot This Week??

Calling all Earthlings:

Just so you can't say 'what shall we do tonight?', Dot 2 Dot Café has a few options lined up for you.  

This Thursday is our first 'Honest Words' spoken word event.  Doors open from 6pm and event kicks off at 7.  Bring your oratory talents and put it out there.  If you are in need of some Dutch courage, we can at least supply the needed beverage! Hosted by Oskar Jeuvens - please come and check it out. 

Friday night we will be open for dinner - salmon fillet with cilantro, ginger and garlic topping served with couscous and roasted vegetables, stir-fried beef with noodles, our prize-winning black bean and squash chilli (thank you judges from the Dorchester chilli cook-off!) and some sweet treats along the lines of bread and butter pudding, crushed meringues with blackberries and Greek yogurt, apple and blueberry crisp.  Join us for drinks and stay for dinner.  Dinner served from 6pm. 

Saturday 28 -  'Revolutionary Women and Reggae' - The 11th annual tribute to Harriet Tubman.  The event starts at 6pm with a live reggae band with guest performers, guest speakers and an art showcase.  Tickets are $25 which includes a 3-course meal and are available from the three Essential Body Herbs stores located in Dorchester (1282 Blue Hill Avenue), Mattapan (555C Washington Street) and Roxbury (30A Warrant Street).  For more information you can contact Royal Black Goddess Enterprises on 781 479 8382.  And ask yourself one question - 'when is the last time you heard live reggae music?' Or could this be the first? Come for a great event in your neighbourhood and don't say there's nothing to do on a Saturday night in the hood. 

Nano nano

Attachments area
Preview attachment revolutionary women and reggae.png
revolutionary women and reggae.png, Good evening, friends! Alexi and the Soulstice Band are here tonight, soothing your ears while we fill your bellies! Menu options include vegetarian and meat flatbread pizzas, chicken wings with a side salad, and butternut squash soup. Desserts are merengue with fruit and bread and butter pudding. Beer and wine, too! $10 minimum charge., Events this week to watch out for:

Thursday March 19
10.00 am - The Knitting Brunch.  Bring your creativity and your appetites and hang out for a few hours of down time.

7pm - Dinner and Book Club.  'Where'd You Go Bernadette?' by Mariah Semple.

Saturday March 21 - Soulstice music event hosted by Alexis Paraschos.  $10 minimum spend helps to keep this event going, so please support.

Sunday March 22 - Dorchester Chilli Cook-Off.  Yes, we will be participating and NO I can't give you the recipe - not just yet anyway. Vegans get happy!!, If you are interested in attending this event, please contact the cafe for further details or pick up a flyer from the front counter.  All are welcome and it promises to be a great event with live reggae music, spoken word, a three-course meal and great company.  Tickets - $25 per head., Come join us for supper tonight! We have just a few options available: moussaka with ground beef, chickpea and sweet potato stew, and squash and black bean chili. For dessert, Eaton Mess (an English dessert consisting of crushed merengue, fruit, and creme fraiche) or rice pudding! We hope you'll come and enjoy an evening with us, or take something home with you!, Friday night dinner (eat in or take home) WITH BEER AND WINE!!!

If you are looking for Friday night's dinner this week, I will be making Moussaka (a layered dish of eggplant and seasoned ground beef cooked with tomatoes, onions, topped with a home-made cheddar cheese sauce and served with a Dot 2 Dot salad (tomatoes, cucumber, arugula, baby spinach, banana peppers, red onion, avocado, blueberries).  Price - $14
Butternut squash and bean 'chilli' topped with a coconut sambal  and served with coconut bread (v) - $12
Order yours to take home or come in and have an early supper with our new beer and wine licence.  We will be open until 7.30 pm. 
And yes there will be dessert options - I just haven't made up my mind yet., Countdown to Soulstice Open Mic. Alexi and the band are heating things up, the featured performers are running through their numbers and the food is smelling good! Come on in and join us for tonight's event. $10 at the door goes towards your food or drink and supports us to keep this amazing music happening in the hood. Doors are open NOW!!, A big shout out to Meghan Overton of SMAMS who organized last Sunday’s Oscars on the Avenue event, held at Tavolo.  It would take a fair amount of cajoling to prise me away from Downton Abbey on a Sunday BUT Meghan has been so incredibly supportive to local businesses and been a huge advocate for the liquor licences staying in the neighbourhood (not to mention that she is just such a darling) – how could anyone turn her down? So thank you Meghan for a very lovely evening (where you seemed to have to do an awful lot of work) and thank you for my prize.  For those of you who think I exist only in the kitchen dressed in yoga pants and Dot 2 Dot tee shirt, when I am allowed to dress up I go completely OTT.  

Tonight is dinner and book club and the door is open for you to join us. 
Saturday 28th is the Soulstice Event hosted by Alexis Paraschos.  $10 at the door gets you in for a great evening of live music and home-cooked food.  Enjoy our new beer and wine licence while you're at it.  Doors open at 7pm., Last shout out for Caribbean Night - TONIGHT

I am going to be far too busy finishing off the curried goat and making roti to do another blast later - so if you are still sitting on the fence about tonight just ask yourself when did you last get to eat coconut bake or phoullori, never mind the curried goat and chicken?? 

I do hope you can join us.  I have had so much fun making mauby and sorrel and can't wait to shake a leg to some good old Kitchener. Wrap up warm and get yourself out of the house for a few hours.  I promise you won't regret it., Caribbean Night with Live Music - this Friday (Feb 20)

I'm thinking of handing out 3D glasses through which you can only see palm trees, blue sea, sunshine and lots of sand.  Short of that working I can offer the following menu for this Friday's Caribbean Night and we can all pretend that those piles of snow are sand dunes.  If you get up and shake a leg to all that socca music that will be playing, you might even feel hot!

Phoullori with tamarind sauce - $5 (v)
Stewed chicken with rice and peas, fried plantain and salad - $10
Curried chicken with roti and dhal - $12
Curried goat with roti and dhal - $14
Curried squash with coconut, roti and dhal - $12 (v)
Saltfish salad with coconut bake - $10

Tropical fruit salad in ginger syrup - $6
Rice pudding - $6
Brioche bread pudding - $6

$5 cover charge on the door goes to the band - Charleston Sarjeant and the Pan Jazz Collective.  Doors open at 6.30, show starts at 7pm., Still all quiet on the dot2dot front! Come visit for some coffee (maybe with a little something extra in it?), delicious food at a great price, Bring your significant other, your friends and family, or come and spoil yourself! We're serving a set menu only today, main course and dessert for $20 each, until 4:30. We have a selection of beer, cider, and wine available, as well as some valentines-themed cocktails. steel-pan performer Charleston Sarjeant is here to create some atmosphere, as well! No wait right now, so come relax with a drink and beat the valentines evening rush (and do something special before the catastrophic snow hits us!), Just a quick note to remind those of you looking for Brunch tomorrow - we will be opening at 11 am for the Valentine Blunch and staying open until 5pm.  Come out and enjoy a very good menu (if I say so myself), live music and try a champagne cocktail BEFORE that next storm comes in. 




http://dot2dotcafe.com/valentines-day-blunch-menu/, YES WE ARE OPEN!!! But be careful out there on the Avenue because they are handing out tickets. IN  THIS WEATHER. SERIOUSLY!!, VALENTINE BLUNCH AT DOT 2 DOT - FEBRUARY 14, 11.30 AM TO 4 PM

If you haven't yet thought about 'that' day and are challenged by what to wear on a 'romantic' date when it's sub-zero degrees and 5 feet of snow - we have the answer for you.  Come to BLUNCH at Dot 2 Dot this Saturday.  Why?  Because you won't have to drive for ages looking for parking spaces in town.  Because you won't have to pay exorbitant prices to be squeezed in between 50 other diners.  Because Breakfast/Lunch is so much less stressful than the 'all or nothing' Valentine dinner. Because you can do this with lots of friends and have fun.  Because you can wear your snow boots, head-to-toe winter coat, woolly bobble hat, fluffy ear warmers and we will still serve you without falling over laughing.  

We will be open from 11 am for a special menu, live music and you can celebrate with some specially concocted D2D cocktails.  One word of advice: if you literally roll out of bed for this date, wear your best pajamas and make every effort to make bed head look sexy.  

Check out the menu and make your reservation - http://dot2dotcafe.com/valentines-day-blunch-menu/, Shhhh – a little birdy (or maybe a great big seagull) should be telling you that we finally have a licence to sell alcohol.  I didn’t go for the full liquor licence, for which I was soundly berated by my aunt at the Christmas dinner table.  But then I’ve never thought of the café as a bar and I’m rather in the dark as to what constitutes a favourite tipple that will bring the hordes back for more.  Answers on a postcard please – it might ensure that you get to have your bevvie in stock.  I will do my best in the meantime to please everyone and no one and, oh my goodness, what will 2015 be like starting from tomorrow? Beer and wine now available at the café.  Be patient – it’s a big learning curve. 
Soulstice event this Saturday - live music hosted by Alexi Paraschos, good food at great prices and ..... drinks!!!! Doors open from 7pm. Don't forget your ID., Apolgies folks but we will be closed tomorrow, Tuesday February 3rd, due to all that wonderful white stuff that keeps falling out of the sky and no school AGAIN.  Have they considered how much therapy they will be paying for??

Don't forget to check the Valentine's Blunch Menu - http://dot2dotcafe.com/valentines-day-blunch-menu/ - and make a reservation.  Live steel pan music and excellent food - what more could you ask for?  Well, maybe an open school ......, Despite water pouring into my kitchen this morning (all that lovely snow on the roof), we are open and serving.  Open to 5pm today and, for those of you craving, chickpea and sweet potato stew is on the menu - while it lasts ......, If I know me - this probably didn't come out on the first post!!, I’m loving being snow bound – such a fantastic way to slow things down for a few hours.  Trying not to perch on the edge of the chair as though I have to imminently fly off to cook something.  Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow.
A few things to watch out for in February:

February 7 – Soulstice Music Event
The weekend Soulstice music event has been re-scheduled for February 7th.  Come out to support great talent, eat good food and we may even be able to serve you a beer! 
February 14 – The Valentine’s Day BLUNCH
Far be it from me to adhere to the rules.  No one said THIS day had to be smoochy.  No one said you couldn’t have fun.  I always think if you want to get to know that ‘special someone’ better, the best way is to see them in a group setting.  Less pressure, more time to watch from a distance.  Get my drift?  So why not double date this Valentines?  Or just come and have fun – lots of fun.  Doors open at 11.30 am, serving until 4pm. 
February 20 – Caribbean Night Pt. 2
My aunt will be shaking it up for real in Trinidad and I see no reason not to be doing that here even if I have to pretend that the sun is shining.  Join us for our second Caribbean night with live music courtesy of Charleston Sargeant and the Pan Jazz Collective.  Island food, mauby, sorrel, Carib – be there or miss out and stay cold.  $5 cover charge on the door goes to the band.

Stay warm and enjoy the luxury of not being able to do anything ......

2 Attachments 
 
Preview attachment THE VALENTINE day blunch.pdf
PDF
THE VALENTINE day blunch.pdf
Preview attachment Caribbean night 2.pdf
PDF
Caribbean night 2.pdf, null, SOULSTICE MUSIC EVENT - JANUARY 24, 7PM

If you can hustle yourself out of your home and mosey on down the street to the cafe, you will be fortunate enough to enjoy some local talent performing at Dot 2 Dot tomorrow night.  Alexis Paraschos will be hosting the first 2015 Soulstice music event.  Small plates and beverages available and some really, really good music.  Come and get your groove on and quit complaining about the cold!! This is New England  doing it's best to make us all hibernate., Apologies to everyone this morning.  I have an unexpected appointment and won't be able to open before 10 am.  SORRY!!!, All you hungry people we are back in business this morning. Scones in the oven, hollandaise just made, looking forward to see you all 😉, Opening tomorrow - Friday December 19

If you have been standing outside our doors with your jaw dropping in disbelief that we could possibly be closed for such a long time, you can shut your mouth now and come join us for breakfast tomorrow.  There is only one caveat, we will be opening a little later to ensure that we actually have food to feed you with.  We will open at 9.30 to give our suppliers time to deliver and then look forward to welcoming you back with your favourite foods.  See you in the morning., Yes - we should be open today but I humbly apologise for this not being the case.  I have been delayed in the UK but will definitely be back later this week, ready to open on Friday.  Thank you so much for your patience, and if you only knew how much I would rather be there it might go some way towards forgiving this prolonged absence. 
Back in the kitchen this Friday, honest, pinky promise, cross my heart., Sorry folks - my lack of computer skills seems to have made many of you think I am back! I just wanted to post the photo because it was such a great moment. It's only taken me several weeks to work out how to do it!! Perhaps I could ask the Mayor and Mel King to do a celebrity stand-in in the kitchen. Hmmmm now there's a thought., And now with the photo - it really doesn't get much better than this!! Thanks to Mel King and Mayor for photo op and to 'wreck it Ralph' for capturing the moment., It doesn't get much better than this! 

Mel King and the Mayor (Marty Walsh) in for brunch, Thank you to all who ordered pies for Thanksgiving.  I hope they are savoured and enjoyed. There will be a second opportunity to buy pies as we will be offering them again for Christmas.  Send an email to dot2dotmanager@gmail.com if you are interested in ordering one.  Choices are: apple, apple/blueberry, pumpkin/caramelized walnut, deep lemon.  Priced at $18 plus tax (lemon - $20 plus tax). 

Off to 'dear old Blighty' which necessitates the café being closed for the next few weeks.  My apologies for those cries of woe (whoa where the hell do I think I'm going ....) but needs must and it gives us the opportunity to have some maintenance work carried out.  The book shop will continue to be open for a 4-day week from Thursday through Sunday so check out the website for 'On the Dot' for opening hours.  

Have a wonderful Thanksgiving, spend time with your loved ones, eat but don't overdo it and take time to say 'thank you'., Just thought you all might like to know - WE JUST GOT APPROVED FOR THE LIQUOR LICENCE. AAAAGGGHH I am jumping for joy and only just stopped myself from screaming into Dennis Quilty's ear. Thank you, thank you to all of you well wishers. We wait for the State to do their bit and then we CELEBRATE, Second hearing at licensing board this morning! Words of wisdom from Mel King: "Do not keep your fingers crossed, but keep your hands open in order to receive." Amen to that! All of you out there, keep your hands open!, My apologies - my body is refusing to move and I can't make it happen to open today. 
 
Knitting brunch this Thursday from 10 am.  Come and get some tips, share your secrets, make lovely warm things and enjoy some breakfast while you're at it. 

Friday 21 and Saturday 22 - last chance to see final performances of 'Home' by David Storey presented by Avenue Stage theatre group.  Doors open from 6pm for dinner and play starts at 7.15.  Tickets available through Brown Paper Tickets or www.avenuestage.com. Check out their website for menu details. 

Absolutely last day to order pies by end of tomorrow (Wednesday 19).  Send an email to dot2dotmanager@gmail.com., Order your Thanksgiving Pies from Dot 2 Dot! 

Apple
Apple/Blueberry
Pumpkin/Caramelised Walnut
Deep Lemon

All pies are 10" deep made with our hand-made sweet pastry and our own prepared fillings and are $18 plus tax, except the Deep Lemon is  $20 plus tax. Order by Sunday, November 16. 

We can accommodate gluten-free orders if they are given early enough!, It was a busy weekend at the cafe - Mel King and Mrs King (a truly wonderful woman) came for breakfast.  Dan Hunt and his girlfriend joined the melee and the police man at the door was not there to arrest anyone but  detailingl for Marty Walsh, who also joined the scrum.  The guest celebrating her birthday was sung to by all three local luminaries - I'm sure she will be treasuring that memory! It  definitely felt like Dot 2 Dot was the place to be that morning. 

If you haven't already checked out David Storey's 'Home' from Avenue Stage, the play we are hosting on Friday and Saturday night for the next 2 consecutive weeks, be sure to read the review that was kindly given in the Dorchester Reporter.   http://www.dotnews.com/columns/2014/dinner-and-drama-dot-dot-caf-home-avenue-stage-theatre-troupe. 

Time is running out for those Thanksgiving Pies - you have been duly told.  Come and talk to us if you are interested in ordering. 

Tomorrow (Tuesday 11) we will be CLOSED.  Yes, CLOSED for the Veterans Day Holiday.  I will be catching up on some much needed sleep and time with my family.  I hope you will all be enjoying some quality time of your own.  Back to work on Wednesday - see you then., Dinner and Theatre - Friday November 7/Saturday 8th
Opening night tomorrow for the Avenue Stage production of 'Home' by David Storey.  There are still a few tickets left for Friday night and more available on Saturday.  Visit the Avenue Stage website for more details.   www.avenuestage.org.
Menu:
Sweet potato and chickpea stew with coconut bread (v)
Caribbean 'stewed' chicken with rice and peas, mixed salad
Wild mushroom risotto with mixed salad (v)

Apple pie with whipped cream
Brioche bread pudding with caramel sauce and whipped cream
Tropical fresh fruit salad in a ginger sauce

Don't forget those Thanksgiving Pie orders.  On offer:
Apple
Apple/Blueberry
Pumpkin/Caramelised walnuts
Lemon tart
You have until the 16th to order.  

Running late this morning - my apologies., Hi Everyone- please note that we will close at 12pm today (Tuesday November 4th). Apologies for the inconvenience. We will be open as normal- 8am-2pm- on Wednesday.

Karen, Several events to look out for at Dot 2 Dot in the coming days/weeks.

Thursday October 30, 3-4 pm.  Halloween Story Time with local illustrator, Jannie Ho at the On The Dot Books corner. 

Friday 7 and Saturday 8 November.  2 course dinner and play.  Avenue Stage present 'HOME' by David Storey.  Tickets - $30 include dinner.  Seating from 6 - 6.30pm.  Play begins at 7.15pm. Tickets on sale from www.avenuestage.com or by calling Brown Paper Tickets on 1800-838-3006.  Information available at the cafe. 

Thanksgiving Pies: Selection - apple, apple/blueberry, pumpkin and caramelized walnuts, deep lemon tart. All pies are hand made with a sweet, egg enriched pastry and fillings prepared in-house.  Gluten free options can be ordered.  Final orders need to be given by November 16.  For more information, please ask at the counter., If you're looking for something to do tonight, come and join us for the next Soulstice event hosted by  Alexi Paraschos and band.  Enjoy some good food, company and great music from talented folk wanting to get their sound out there.  

Doors open from 7pm.  
Menu:
 Stewed Caribbean chicken, rice and peas, mixed leaf salad - $8.50
Chickpea and sweet potato stew with Lebanese flatbread - $7.50

Hot beverages, iced coffee, fruit juices available. 

You know where to find us - just follow the music and the smells coming from the kitchen!, Liquor Licence Hearing - Wednesday October 15

A very big thank you to all of you who have shown your support for our application for a beer and wine licence.  The hearing takes place tomorrow (Wednesday October 15) at 10am, Room 809A, City Hall.  The cafe will be closed tomorrow and will re-open for business as usual on Thursday at 8am.  

Thank you for all the kind words, the encouragement and the signatures.  The hearing is open to the public, so anyone wishing to attend is very welcome.  Watch this space for any updates!, Dear All,

It would seem that my superwoman powers are deserting me and I must go in search of more kryptonite. Hopefully one day of recharging will have me back in the kitchen wielding wooden spoons and spatulas. I apologize for any inconvenience.

Confirmation on the liquor license hearing: Wednesday October 15, 2014, 10am, William F. Arrigal Jr. Library, Room 809A, City Hall. All are welcome. We'd appreciate your support. You can also sign our petition in the cafe. 

Wanning Wonder Woman, LIQUOR LICENCE HEARING

Dear All,

We (Dot 2 Dot) have been given a hearing date for October 15 at 10.00 am.  This is a public hearing and is open to anyone who wishes to attend.  I would be very happy for any/all of you who have been such strong supporters to come along.  

There are huge thank you's to be given for all the work that Meaghan Overton (St. Marks Main Streets) has put in to help make this process less difficult (a gargantuan task on her part) and I will have butterflies for the next 2 weeks until we know if have the real deal but, right now, I am like the girl in the Trio box (only for the oldies among us) who is yelling at the top of her lungs - aaaaaaagggggghhhhhh THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU. 

Put it in your calendars - yaaaay., We're off to see the wizard - the one at City Hall to deliver (finally) an application for a liquor licence.  Apologies to anyone waiting this morning but I will be back asap - we should be open by 11am.  
Sorry for the inconvenience but as much as I try to be in two places at once - my teleportation device keeps letting me down.

DON'T FORGET - Soulstice event TONIGHT.  Small plates available.  7pm start., So here we are in September with precious little time to enjoy that last glass of wine outdoors.  We may be a few steps closer to serving you the honeyed beverage ourselves – but don’t hold your breath.   Being British (and therefore non-US citizen)  is apparently a rather huge stumbling block but we are keeping our fingers crossed for a resolution.  Unless I get thrown overboard with the tea first.

On offer for this month -  one grand opening for a book corner, two live music events, one knitting brunch, one book club dinner and maybe the start of our evening knitting club. (?? anyone?)

Come in and check out the new book corner currently occupied by Yooree Losordo of On the Dot Books.  Annie Weatherwax  (author of ‘All We Had’) helped celebrate  the opening of the book corner  with a reading and signing of her novel. Copies of the book are available at the café. 

Thursday September 18 – knitting brunch.  With cooler weather arriving, now’s the time to knit some nice warm wraps as Christmas presents. Enjoy some breakfast while you're at it. 

Friday September 19 - live music from local musician Nadia Alves and her group Cabo Soul.  Suggested donations of $5 go to the band.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2PYWqred34w

Thursday September 25 – dinner and book club.  ‘Oryx and Crake’ by Margaret Atwood.  The dinner menu will be posted on-line the week of the book club. Discussion starts around 7pm.   We are also hoping to start an evening knitting club on this date. 

Friday September 26 - live music from Alexi Paraschos and band as they host another soulstice evening.  Your chance to be invited to sing your music with a full band behind you. A bit like 'Later with Jools Holland' - look it up.  Well, we aspire.  Amazing talents showcased over the summer so if you missed it then, now's your chance to come and hang out with some inspiring musicians and be a part of a community activity. 

That's all for now folks - fade out to music from Bugs Bunny ........
 
, Holidays anyone?

As the summer holidays approaches its end and our little darlings will all be back at school within the next week or two, I am taking this opportunity to take some time out and give my staff a little time to find the nearest beach and veg for a few hours.  Therefore, please note the following times for closing:

Wednesday August 20th (re-opening on Thursday 21st - never fear, our trusty knitting group)

Tuesday August 26th (re-opening on Wednesday 27th)

We will be closed at 2pm for the rest of this week and into next week.  Next week Thursday will be the regular dinner and book club discussion, starting at 7pm. 

Thank you for your cooperation and do compliment any staff that may have managed to acquire a tan with such speed., Please note that the cafe will be closed tomorrow (Tuesday August 12) for cooker hood cleaning. Boring but true and it keeps the Health and Safety Inspector happy!! See you all on Wednesday and many apologies to anyone craving brunch., Oh - and this is the link.  Duh!
http://www.bostonmagazine.com/best-of-boston/2014/dot-2-dot-caf/, BEST OF BOSTON VOTED DOT 2 DOT  BEST CAFE FOR DORCHESTER IN 2014!

It seems that we have hit the radar and been recognized by the Best of Boston magazine.  Thank you kind sirs/ladies - we are very honored to have been acknowledged.  

For those of you who do not already know - yes, we showcase local artists and host Open Mics.  We also host live music events (recent Summer Soulstice), small theatre productions (Pariah Company's 'For Colored Girls'), a knitting brunch, a book group, and occasional cooking classes and dinner movie nights.  

We look forward to seeing many more of you through our doors.  And thank you again to Best of Boston., Thursday July 24 - Summer Soulstice III - the final chapter???? 

 Apologies for the short notice (actually the flyers have been out for the past month now) but tomorrow, July 24, is the final Summer Soulstice for the season. The energy has been fantastic, the talent well worth seeing/hearing and all those of you who have attended, I'm sure will agree with me that this musical venture is just what we need in the 'hood. Bringing people together through music and spoken word creates such a community spirit that I would host this again in a heartbeat. Featured artists for tomorrow are Tolieth Marks, Bobby Wesley and Chei Afrique. 

 Although we wrap this up tomorrow evening, our hope is that we, with Alexi and his bands help, have created an event that we will want to re-create again and again ...... and again. We can do this only with your help. Spread the word. Come out and support. Eat and help fund the next one. Bring your talent and that of others. Understand that by building a community we become strong and can advocate for eachother, either as a business or a performer, an artist or a member of the audience, who just might know someone who knows someone else - and you know how the rest goes. 

 So, yes, tomorrow night is the last opportunity to support the Summer Soulstice FOR NOW. A huge thanks to the greatly talented Alexi Paraschos, his band - Stephen Allsop (fellow vocalist) and drummer, Ryan Scalia - without whom this could never have come to fruition. LISTEN UP - if we're going to continue to make this happen - IT'S UP TO YOU!!!! Thank you all for your continued support. Doors open 7pm. Small plates menu., Apologies to any of you banging down the door tomorrow.  Attending a meeting at City Hall and Kerrie is on holiday.  Back in the saddle bright and early on Thursday.  Don't forget it's the knitting brunch on Thursday - all are welcome.  Group meets from 10am., SUMMER SOULSTICE PART II - THURSDAY JULY 10, 7PM

 Alexi and his band are back in the house this Thursday bringing the sounds of soul, rap, jazz funk and Old School. We enjoyed a great first show with featured musicians contributing to a night that showed just how communities can be brought together. Now you have the opportunity to bring your talents to the second show this Thursday, or just come out and support those who have something to say. 

 A small menu will be served. This enables us to continue to support such events - so please eat and enjoy!

 Menu:

 Salmon fillet with garlic, lime and cilantro topping served with roasted vegetable and arugula salad - $14
 Garlic and parmesan chicken served with roasted butternut squash and arugula salad - $12
 Wild mushroom risotto served with mixed leaf salad - $10 (v)
 Brioche bread pudding with caramel sauce and vanilla ice-cream - $6
 Tropical fresh fruit salad - $5 (v)
 Coconut apple blueberry crisp with soy ice-cream - $6 (v)

 If you would like to reserve a table, please call the cafe (617 436 2368)., SUMMER SOULSTICE PART II - THURSDAY JULY 10, 7PM

Alexi and his  band are back in the house this Thursday bringing the sounds of soul, rap, jazz funk and Old School.  We enjoyed a great first show with featured musicians contributing to a night that showed just how communities can be brought together. Now you have the opportunity to bring your talents to the second show this Thursday, or just come out and support those who have something to say.  

A small menu will be served.  This enables us to continue to support such events - so please eat and enjoy!

Menu:

Salmon fillet with garlic, lime and cilantro topping served with roasted vegetable and arugula salad - $14
Garlic and parmesan chicken served with roasted butternut squash and arugula salad - $12
Wild mushroom risotto served with mixed leaf salad - $10 (v)
Brioche bread pudding with caramel sauce and vanilla ice-cream - $6
Tropical fresh fruit salad - $5 (v)
Coconut apple blueberry crisp with soy ice-cream - $6 (v)

If you would like to reserve a table, please call the cafe (617 436 2368).  

4 Attachments

Preview attachment summer soulstice 1 female.jpg

summer soulstice 1 female.jpg

Preview attachment summer soulstice 1 group.jpg

summer soulstice 1 group.jpg

Preview attachment summer soulstice 1 male.jpg

summer soulstice 1 male.jpg

Preview attachment summer soulstice 1 male2.jpg

summer soulstice 1 male2.jpg, Dot2Dot will be closed on Friday, July 4th and will reopen at 9:00an on Saturday, July 5th. Have a great and safe holiday!, Looking for somethiing to do tonight?  Wander down to Dot 2 Dot Cafe and join us for dinner and Open Mic.  Last Friday of the month - miss it tonight and you'll have to wait a whole month for the next one!

Menu:

OPEN MIC DINNER MENU
(Minimum spend per person - $10.  Thank you for your support)

SAVOURY
Mezze platter : grilled marinated eggplant, roasted stuffed pepper, D2D houmous and garlic flatbread - $12 (v)
Squid and mussel medley in a coconut, cilantro broth served
 with sourdough bread - $14
Couscous salad with arugula, feta, oven roasted tomatoes and 
caramelized onions - $8
Open grilled cheese, bacon and tomato - $8 (add caramelized onion - $1)

SWEET
Brioche bread pudding with caramel sauce and ice-cream - $6
Coconut apple and blueberry crisp - $6 (v)
Fresh fruit smoothies - $4.50, FIRST SUMMER SOULSTICE EVENT AT DOT 2 DOT - 6/26/14 @ 7pm. 

Alexi Paraschos and band will be hosting tomorrow night at Dot 2 Dot.  Guest appearances from several artistes and a lot of talent to go around.  Small plates menu available. Doors open at 7pm. 

SUMMER SOULSTICE – SMALL PLATES MENU
Piedmont roasted peppers (stuffed with tomatoes, basil and garlic) with mixed vegetable couscous.(v) – $5

Arugula salad with caramelised shallots, sundried tomatoes, feta and a balsamic dressing – $5
Griddled marinated squid with garlic aoli and roasted vegetables - $6
Marinated eggplant and D2D houmous with garlic flatbread - $5
Steamed mussels in coconut and cilantro broth – $8
Chorizo and black bean chilli with garlic flatbread – $6, ENTERTAINMENT COSTS HOW MUCH??

Did you hear the one about the small business and the entertainment licence?  No?  Well let me fill you in.

Firstly, did you even know that a small business pays to play the radio, cassette or cd player?  Judging by the looks of shock and bemusement on some of my customers faces - that would be a negative. 

Secondly, did you know that in order to have a guy with, let's say, a banjo, a woman with a triangle and maybe add a vocalist in of an evening it costs the small business owner $415 per year?  Never mind that this may be a way for the trio to get some much needed exposure and could, perchance, even give pleasure to the listeners - all of which, from those involved, is given freely - and yet it must be paid for????

Now let's throw into the mix a passing bass player and a drummer who just want to get happy jamming with the rest of the crew.  Whoa - hold on a second there.  Five happy people playing music, because it's what they do, and they like making others feel good when they stop to listen. No, no, no.  If you, small business owner, want to make that happen you must now pay $1000+ per year for the privilege of listening to others sing or play an instrument. And, well, if you are already in possession of a current licence that still has 6 months to run, too bad for you.  You will just have to pay the excess and, please, don't look for a reimbursement for the licence you already have because "that's just not how it works".  

Wait - so let me see.  What you are telling me is that the small business owner should pay for a new licence on top of the one they already hold but that the 6 month overlap does not warrant a reimbursement on the first licence? "I cannot agree with the way you are putting it".  But it is essentially what you are doing? "I cannot agree with the way you are putting it".  And after all, the small business owner should be grateful - you have just paid the pro-rata fee for the annual licence ($1000+) and only been charged $425.  But you're still out of pocket by $200. "I cannot agree with the way you are putting it".

Noone is arguing with the need for licences - the ones that protect the consumer and the business are absolutely vital hence the building inspections, health and safety inspections, fire inspections, etc. and these services need to be paid for.  But how do you licence and control a musicians desire to perform and an audiences desire to listen? What is being provided here that needs to be overseen by the city? 

So - did you hear the one about the small business owner and the entertainment licence?  The small business owner went bust and the coffers of City Hall went $$kerching., FRIDAY JUNE 20 AT DOT 2 DOT CAFE.  SEE POST BELOW FOR MORE DETAILS., 'FOR COLORED GIRLS' - FRIDAY JUNE 20 and 1st SUMMER SOULSTICE - THURSDAY JUNE 26

A reminder to our Dot 2 Dot supporters that this Friday we are hosting a performance of 'For Colored Girls' by Ntozake Shange from the Quincy-based Pariah Theatre Company.  Doors are open from 7pm and the performance starts at 7.30pm.  Tickets are $12 which includes complimentary small plates and a D2D smoothie.  Age restriction - 13 years and older. 

We still have some tickets available and do hope that as many of you as possible will come out to see this outstanding piece of work.  A discussion of the play with the cast members and director will be held afterwards. This is a unique opportunity to discuss pertinent issues, that we are all very aware of, in a community venue right on your doorstep.  

PLEASE NOTE: Correction to the first 'Summer Soulstice' event - this is being held on Thursday June 26th and NOT Thursday June 19th.  My apologies. 

Let's keep it happening in the hood., Father's Day this Sunday!!

Buck the trend and pull your old man out of his Lazeboy (??) and buy him some brunch at Dot 2 Dot this Sunday. (See menu below) Avoid all DIY shops and go and fly a kite.  We all have memories of making our first kite and all the guys I knew always thought they could do it better.  Only after great physical exertion should you allow your Pater to return to his LazEboy so that he can watch THE WORLD CUP!!!!!  YEAAAAAH. IT' S THE WORLD CUP.  DID I MENTION THAT IT'S THE WORLD CUP.  AAAAARRRRRGH
Okay - now I've got that out of my system, it's also Gay Pride this Sunday so hat's off to the LGBT Dorchester representatives.  Hope to see great photos and amazing costumes. 

FATHER’S DAY SPECIALS
Sunday 15th June

Chorizo  chilli hash with  wilted spinach, poached egg and toast - $14

Big breakfast - 8 oz steak with home fries, roasted tomatoes, portabello mushrooms, roasted shallots, choice of egg and toast - $17.50

Fish breakfast - Pan fried cod with lemon butter, home fries, roasted asparagus, wilted spinach, choice of egg and toast - $16

English muffin topped with arugula, smoked salmon, poached egg and our home-made hollandaise sauce, served with roasted asparagus - $10

Crisp potato rosti topped with arugula, roasted shallots, oven roasted tomatoes, asparagus and portabello mushrooms in a fresh herb and lemon sauce  - $13 (v)

Banana Foster brioche French toast with, strawberries, blueberries, mango, fresh whipped cream or vanilla ice-cream - $10

Dot 2 Dot apple pie with ice-cream - $6.50

Fresh fruit salad - $6.50

A selection of regular menu items is also available. 

To make a reservation, please call the café on
 617 436 2368 or email dot2dotmanager@gmail.com, Free up your Friday with a Gourmet Take Home Dinner

If you don't see why you should be slaving over a stove this Friday - take advantage of our Gourmet Take Home Dinner service.  Put your order in by tomorrow afternoon and pick up a ready made meal for one or family style (ask for prices) on Friday afternoon.  Check our website for details (http://dot2dotcafe.com/gourmet-take-home-dinners/) and make your Friday night a much more relaxed event.  , Welcome warm weather!!!! Come and get your freshly squeezed lemonade!!!!, You may (or may not) have worked out by now that I don't tend to communicate much when I don't have anything to tell you.  I'm all for talking about Scandal and Greys but that doesn't have anything to do with the business of making Dot 2 Dot work and, honestly, I am quite happy to keep my head down and cook in the back. Which begs the question - why on earth would you open a café/restaurant where you have to confront customers every day.  Did I say 'confront'?  Well, there's a few years of therapy to come yet I guess. 

This month I am pleased to tell you that we have some really great events happening on your doorstep.  As community is a word often associated with Dot 2 Dot, I think music, and the ability to convey a message, go hand in hand with this concept. The café will be used as a  venue for a series of live music events featuring Alexi Paraschos and his band BUT the difference here is that this event is for you to come and perform.  If your heart is in music but life has taken you down a different path, this is your chance to come and jam with fellow musicians, to showcase your talents and be a part of a community that uses music to forge alliances.  So, no, NOT American Idol - this is not about competing but about bringing unsung (ha ha sorry) talent together, in whatever shape or form, and creating community. The first event will be held on JUNE 19 with doors open from 7pm. Small plates and drinks will be on sale.  

Another 'absolutely must' date to put on your calendar is JUNE 20 when we will be hosting a spoken word, choreopoem performance of 'For Colored Girls Who Consider Suicide When The Rainbow is Enuf by Ntozake Shange. This amazing piece of work will be performed by the Pariah Theatre Company (based in Quincy).  The artistic director, Tara Brooke Watkins, came in for breakfast one morning for a meeting, liked the space and asked if we would be interested.  I jumped at the chance - and I hope you will too.  Tickets are only $12 and there is an age limit of 13+.  To purchase tickets, come and see us at the café, telephone or email me at dot2dotmanager@gmail.com.  Space is limited so book early to avoid disappointment. 

Enjoy the sunshine!, Good morning.  Just a quick note to say that the cafe will be CLOSED today as we are attending the career day at the Holmes Elementary School.  My chance to be inspired by 11 year olds who already know they want to be the next president!

Apologies for any inconvenience and we will be open for business as usual tomorrow (Thursday) at 8am. 

Thank you., Treat yourself to dinner from Dot 2 Dot this Friday night-- at home! We're launching a new take home dinner service this week. Order by Wednesday and come pick up your food on Friday afternoon between 4 and 7pm. 

Barbecue salad - baby spinach, arugula, cherry tomatoes, fennel, olives, roasted herbed potatoes, French beans,  boiled eggs, cannellini beans, crispy bacon (optional) with balsamic dressing served with honey barbecued chicken (split breast) and crusty bread - $13

Vegan option of the above is available served with D2D houmous, sundried tomatoes, focaccia bread - $12

Chicken pesto pasta with mozzarella, cherry tomatoes and parmesan - $12

Lemon glazed salmon fillet served with puy lentil salad with crispy leeks, baby spinach and goats cheese (optional). - $15

Chocolate brioche bread pudding with crème fraiche - $6  

Vegan apple and blueberry coconut crisp - $6

Fresh fruit salad - kiwi, strawberries, pineapple, mango, cantaloupe melon, grapes, papaya - $6

Call or email your order in before 2pm tomorrow!, DINNER AND BOOK CLUB - THURSDAY MAY 29
DINNER AND OPEN MIC - FRIDAY MAY 30

It's that time again - and how we suddenly got to the end of the month so fast I don't know.  The book up for discussion is 'The Interestings' by Meg Wolitzer.  Dinner and discussion from 7pm. If you want to just bring your knitting and start an evening club, feel free to join us.  There is plenty of space in the cafe to accommodate other groups. Menu is as follows:

Miso glazed salmon with Asian noodle salad - $16
Spiced duck breast with coconut kerabu salad - $16
Fried chilli tofu with peanut sauce with vegetable tian (v) - $13

Creme caramel with fresh whipped cream - $6
Apple blueberry coconut crisp (v) - $6
Fresh fruit salad (v) - $6

Open Mic this Friday, hosted by the Boston School of Music Arts, kicks off at 6pm for dinner and music starts at 7pm.  Music, spoken word, comedy (keep it clean folks), mime - whatever takes your fancy and you're willing to give it a go. A $10 min spend helps us continue to host these evenings, so show your support for fellow artists and for us by stuffing your face in some kind of appropriate fashion. If you've ever wanted to eat breakfast for dinner - now's your chance.  

Dinner and book club - May 29 - doors open from 6.30pm 

Dinner and Open Mic - May 30 - doors open from 6pm, COOKING CLASS, WEDNESDAY MAY 21, 7PM

LET'S MAKE HOLLANDAISE!

If you have ever wanted to master the technique to making hollandaise sauce - now's your chance.  Tomorrow evening (Wednesday, May 21) from 7pm I will be teaching you how to make this sauce which can elevate an ordinary dish to a definite dinner party offering.  

This is a hands-on class - everyone who signs up will be making the sauce from scratch.  I will show you various foods that it can be paired with and there will be a sampling of the dishes during the class. The cost per person is $25.  

I apologise for the late notice and we are keeping the class size to a maximum of 25.  Half of these spaces are already booked. If you would like to join us, please email me at dot2dotmanager@gmail.com.  I will send you a confirmation or let you know if the class is full. 

Thank you., THE COUNTDOWN IS ON - 2 MORE DAYS TO MOTHER'S DAY

So, no sweat but you only have 48 hours to go before you need to look a mother in the eye and say 'Of course I've done something special for you'.  And here's how you do it: 

Call Dot 2 Dot or email (asap) and book your table.  Bring your flowers (we will have something pretty on the table) and, if you want to go the extra mile, have a song request up your sleeve that we can play.  I will applaud ever so loudly if you get up and sing it  so make sure you've got it down.  If you are a little shy for that, I would stick to favorite memories of how fantastic your mother is, never forgetting that she is, in fact, a superhero for having pushed you out into the world in the first place. 

The clock is ticking - 47.5 hours and counting........

Mother's Day Brunch menu - http://dot2dotcafe.com/mothers-day-brunch-sunday-may-11-2014/  Children are very welcome and will be accommodated with a kid-friendly menu.  , Sunday May 11 - Mother's Day Brunch - only 5 more days to go!!!

For those of you who are still procrastinating as to what to do, where to do it and how much time is left to do it in - PULL YOUR FINGER OUT AND GET ON WITH IT!!!

We have a wonderful menu this Sunday at Dot 2 Dot (http://dot2dotcafe.com/mothers-day-brunch-sunday-may-11-2014/) and all you have to do is sit back and enjoy.  Mother will be happy.  You will be happy.  Now you can go home and find an epic movie to fall asleep to.  Radio BDC did a hard sell for us and I think we managed to mention everyone and their aunt, so if you want to take a listen click on the following link.  http://bdcwire.com/?s=dot+2+dot 

Sunday May 11 - Mother's Day Brunch.  Seating starts from 9am.  That way we get to cheer on the Mother's Day Walk before we start feeding you.  To make a reservation, please call the cafe on 617 436 2368 or email dot2dotmanager@gmail.com

I've provided the water, now you just have to get yourself there to drink it. , RADIO INTERVIEW THIS MORNING AT 10 AM. 

Quick note to any of you who might be interested in tuning in.  Dot 2 Dot Café will be featured in a live interview on Henry In The Grub on Radio BDC, an on-line radio show broadcast by the Boston Globe.  

It's a great opportunity for us to showcase our food and the events that take place at the café.  All comments about my accent and any oddities of the English language (Brit side) can be saved for later! And, yes - I promise I will try to speak slowly., MOTHER'S DAY - SUNDAY MAY 11 

Mother's Day has typically been one of our busiest Sundays and we hope this year will be no exception.  In anticipation we have decided to arrange the day a little differently to be able to accommodate everyone and give the best service we possibly can.  

We will have three separate seatings, each lasting 1 hour and 45 minutes.  Seating 1, from 9am to 10.45 am; seating 2, from 11am to 12.45pm and seating 3, from 1pm to 2.45pm.  By doing this we can avoid any lengthy queuing or 'table snatching' (yes, it has been known) and keep your focus on your mother for the day.  We will be staggering the seating, so when you make a reservation you will be offered several time slots as close to the starting hour as possible.  A special menu has been posted on our website -[http://dot2dotcafe.com/mothers-day-brunch-sunday-may-11-2014/] and we do hope that many of you will join us.  Reservations are steadily coming in, so please book your space early to avoid disappointment. Tel: 617 436 2368 or email dot2dotmanager@gmail.com.

Thank you all, yet again, for supporting Dot 2 Dot Café. 

, Happy Friday!  Come celebrate the weekend with us! Dinner and Open Mic tonight at 6:00, live music at 7:00.

*no cover charge. $10 min spend required.*, Come and get your freshly baked hot cross buns! Happy Easter from all of us from Dot 2 Dot., HOT CROSS BUNS AND EVENTS TO WATCH OUT FOR THIS WEEK

If tomorrow is the last day for all those restrictive diets, why not pop in and enjoy a freshly baked hot cross bun and a hearty breakfast.  Open from 8am until 2pm for brunch.

Watch out for the 'Taste of Dorchester' happening this week on April 24th at the IBEW building on Freeport Street.  A great fundraiser for MAHA and a lot of fun - wander round all the food stalls and familiarize yourself with what's on offer in Dorchester.  Unfortunately, this is the first year Dot 2 Dot is unable to participate due to unavoidable, external circumstances but we strongly encourage you to go and enjoy a really great evening with fantastic food and live music.  If you haven't visited before,  I guarantee you will be pleasantly surprised. Doors open from 6pm. 

This coming Friday (April 25) is our monthly Open Mic in collaboration with the Boston School of Music Arts, located in Lower Mills. Come out and support our local musicians, poets, comedians, et al and enjoy some home cooked food.  We're thinking pasta dishes and hearty soups with something fruity or chocolatey for dessert.  I will just about be back from colder climes and enjoying the heat in the kitchen. 

To make a reservation, please call the café or email dot2dotmanager@gmail.com.

PLEASE NOTE THAT WE WILL BE CLOSED ON TUESDAY APRIL 22 FOR THE EASTER VACATION. THANK YOU., COME AND GET YOUR GROOVE ON - DANCE CLASS AT DOT 2 DOT THIS FRIDAY

Ladies and Gents, 

Don't forget this Friday is your chance to improve your dance techniques (or maybe get some) courtesy of Carl Alleyne of Boston Mobile Dance Company.  We will be clearing the floor but space is limited so if you are thinking of joining us, send an email or telephone the café to book your spot.  John Travolta's - $20, Johnny and Baby - $30.  Ticket price includes lesson, light snacks and fruity smoothies. Hang out after the lesson to practice your moves.  

Friday April 11 from 7 to 9.30 pm. I'm off in search of my white trousers., CAFE HOURS - SUNDAY APRIL 6

Dear All, 

Tomorrow we have a private function taking place in the café and beginning at 2.30 pm.  To avoid disappointment, chagrin, hunger pains and general malaise, I am notifying you, hopefully early enough, that we will be taking final orders no later than 1.15pm. 

We appreciate your custom and apologise for any inconvenience. We look forward to seeing you all before 1.15 pm tomorrow. 

Thank you., Okay - I think there is actually something for you to see now!! Does anyone want to give me a lesson on how to get information from one place to another?  Idiot guide only please.  Yes, I am a dinosaur when it comes to technology., null, FRIDAY APRIL 11 - TIME TO GET YOUR GROOVE ON

A quiet week this week as we build up for next week's dance class with Carl Alleyne of Boston's Mobile Dance company. If you want to learn some new dance moves to good old-school music, come and join us next Friday (Friday April 11) for an innovative and energetic dance lesson. Come as a couple or come on your own.  This is a great way to meet new people, meet your community and one of the best ice-breakers I know. Smoothies and light food are included in the ticket price.  See flyer below for details. 

Don't forget we are open until 5pm on Thursday and Friday.  If you want to pick up some freshly baked bread, pop in and buy a loaf on Friday, sit and have a latte and enjoy a pastry.  Just sit and breathe for a little while because whatever you put down for those few minutes will still be there when it's time get back up. 

Party Night at Dot2Dot April Part II.jpg, DINNER AND OPEN MIC THIS FRIDAY.  DOORS OPEN 6PM. MUSIC FROM 7PM. 

Yes folks, it's that time again. Come and join us for an evening of talent, determination and sheer guts and support our local music school (Boston School of Music Arts) while enjoying mini pizzettes, sweet potato and chickpea stew, apple pie, and home made chocolate mousse. There is NO cover charge but we do ask for a $10 minimum spend.  Pretty good deal for a Friday night out in your neighbourhood.   So get out your guitars and harmonicas because, if this cold weather continues much longer, I think we might all be singing the blues. 

If you wish to reserve a table, please call the café on 617 436 2368., LAST SHOUT FOR DINNER AND MOVIE NIGHT THIS FRIDAY - MARCH 21
So instead of eating pizza out of a box and still being able to smell it the next day, come and join us for some really good Irish stew with 'proper' dumplings and hang out with your neighbours while watching a great movie.  Reserve your seat today so that we can definitely make this happen on Friday.  Call 617-436-2368 or email dot2dotmanager@gmail.com

Doors open from 6pm for dinner, movie starts at 7pm - 'Into the West' with Gabriel Byrne and Ellen Barkin (a large white stallion and 2 little boys, not to mention all the Irish travelers with extremely thick accents and a great adventure).  

Oh - and do you really want to eat that pizza for breakfast?


Dinner menu: http://dot2dotcafe.com/pre-st-patricks-day-dinner-and-movie-night/


, For anyone interested the hearing takes place in Room A1 in the State House and starts at 1pm., LIQUOR LICENCE HEARING.  PLUMBING WORK - CAFE CLOSED.

We apologise for any inconvenience but the café will be closed today for some plumbing work to be carried out.  

Today I will be testifying at the State House for the liquor licence hearing.  This is a public forum and all are welcome to attend.  We hope you can come along to show your support. 

Thank you., AFTERNOON TEA ANYONE?

It feels like a cream tea kind of afternoon so check us out today for fresh scones with jam and cream, Victoria sponge cake, fruit mince pies with some 'proper' cream from Thatcher Farms.  It's only taken me 8 years to find it!!

We need min 20 bums on seats for next week's dinner and movie night and now you have an extra 6 days to make a reservation.  Friday March 21, St. Patrick's Day menu.  Eat while you enjoy 'Into the West' with Gabriel Byrne and Ellen Barkin.  Great family movie so bring the kids. 
Reservations by phone (617 436 2368) or email: dot2dotmanager@gmail.com NO LATER THAN WEDNESDAY MARCH 19.  
http://dot2dotcafe.com/pre-st-patricks-day-dinner-and-movie-night/, PRE-ST. PATRICK'S DAY DINNER AND MOVIE NIGHT - POSTPONED TO FRIDAY MARCH 21. 

Please note that we will be postponing the dinner and movie night until next Friday (March 21).  For menu details, please visit the website under St. Patrick's Day.  We apologize for any inconvenience and hope that you will be able to join us next Friday.

Thank you., PRE-ST. PATRICK'S DAY DINNER AND MOVIE NIGHT - Friday March 14.  Doors open from 6pm. Movie starts at 7pm. 

With St. Patrick's Day falling on a Monday (and us being closed on that day) we thought we would offer a pre-St. Patrick's Day menu and an evening for all the family to enjoy.  

We are offering a 3 course, fixed price, menu this Friday which you get to enjoy while watching the movie 'Into the West' starring Gabriel Byrne and Ellen Barkin. 

Its the story of a gigantic white stallion who appears mysteriously to a Traveller grandfather and his two grandsons in an Irish slum. The younger grandson is the only one who can control him so he becomes its owner.  Having nowhere to keep the horse, the two young boys take it to their apartment block where they live with their alcoholic father.  And now you will have to come and see what happens because, of course, the horse will have to be saved from some unscrupulous person and the boys will have an adventure.  But enough said .....

To make a reservation for this Friday, please call the café or email dot2dotmanager@gmail.com. Please see attachment below for the full menu. 
http://dot2dotcafe.com/pre-st-patricks-day-dinner-and-movie-night/ , FRIDAY NIGHT LIVE MUSIC 
The countdown is on to tomorrow night's performance from Alexi Paraschos and band.  

$20 tickets include entry and following small plates menu:

Mini assorted pizzettes (feta and cherry tomato with basil oil; ham, pepperoncini and pineapple; blue cheese, bacon and caramelized onion; roasted garlic with hummus and roasted peppers)
Parmesan polenta triangles
Bacon wrapped apricots
Honey mustard sausages
Brioche with chicken pate, caramelized onion and hollandaise sauce
Smoked salmon and dill tartlets with lumpfish 'caviar'
Brie and pear puffs
Fresh fruit skewers
Mini bread puddings

Bring some friends and come hang out for a great evening of live music and yummy food. 21+, FRIDAY MARCH 7TH - LIVE MUSIC FROM ALEXI PARASCHOS

We are very glad to welcome back our favourite local musician - Alexi Paraschos - who has just released his second CD, 'Something Greater'.  This Friday he, and his band, will be performing at Dot 2 Dot and we invite you to join us to support him in his efforts to get his music out there. 

Tickets are $20 which includes the cover charge and a variety of small plates for the evening. Special Dot 2 Dot brews will be on offer.  I'm hoping to shake a leg.  Anyone care to join me?

Doors open from 6.30pm.  Music starts at 7/7.30pm. To make a reservation, please call the café on 617 436 2368 or email dot2dotmanager@gmail.com., null, Tonight (Friday Feb 28) is our regular Open Mic night with dinner served from 6pm.  Minimum spend per person is $10 please. 

Friday March 7 - live music from Alexis Paraschos and band. For those of you who are fans of Alexi, we are very pleased to have him back to play for one night.  Alexi has just released his new CD 'Something Greater' and, having seen him perform live last week at Johnny D's, I can tell you it will be an evening NOT to miss.  Tickets @ $20 include cover charge and tapas style plates for the evening.  Some special Dot 2 Dot brews will be mixing.  21+, come ready to get your groove on. Doors open from 6.30pm. 

Friday March 14 - The pre-St. Patrick's dinner and movie night.  We will be serving an Irish stew with crusted dumplings, Shepherds Pie, colcannon, apple pie, to mention a few things.  Full menu will be posted on the website.  The movie is 'Into the West', a lovely family film about a white horse, a band of Irish travelers, and two young boys who go to great lengths to keep the horse safe.  And if you're a fan of Gabriel Byrne, need I say more ...... Adults - $25, children under 14 - $12.  Please call or email to make reservations. 

Sunday March 16 - Look out for Irish fiddlers, full Irish breakfast and lots of corned beef hash at our pre-St. Patrick's Day brunch.  

Keep warm., THURSDAY NIGHT DINNER AND BOOK CLUB - 'Life After Life' by Kate Atkinson. 

Menu:
Rosemary and lemon chicken with polenta and roasted vegetables - $13
Stir-fried shrimp with quinoa and kale - $14
Squash, sage and borlotti bean soup served with vegetarian/vegan anti-pasti plate $12

Chocolate bread and butter pudding served with crème fraiche - $6
Tiramisu - $6
Hot Caribbean fruit salad with coconut (papaya, pineapple, mango and lime) - $6

All are welcome to join this group discussion or bring your own book group and start a monthly club at the café.  Call in advance to place your food order so that we can keep interruptions to a minimum.  

FRIDAY NIGHT - DINNER AND OPEN MIC IN COLLABORATION WITH BOSTON SCHOOl OF MUSIC ARTS.

Where did this month go????? Come on out and join us in support of all those budding talents. Minimum $10 spend per head - it's what keeps this event going!!  Doors open from 6pm. 

Menu as above., Ladies and Gents - the Edible Stories event is almost sold out so hopefully we can do it again in the not too distant future.  If you are looking for something else to do this weekend, check out Alexi Paraschos playing live at Johnny D's in Somerville this Saturday to release his new CD.  You know how much we love him at Dot 2 Dot so get out there and support him.  If there's one guy who I'd love to see it happen for, it would be him.  Looking at a date in March for him to play at the café.  Watch this space., HAVE YOU BOOKED ANYTHING YET?????
So, girls and boys, they are predicting a storm for Thursday.  One to make the morning commute a bit more challenging than usual.  While you are sitting in that metallic daisy chain on I93 you can go through your check list for Valentine's Day:

Flowers - a dozen red anything?

Chocolates - no, you can't use the ones collected at Halloween.

A nice bottle of wine - don't leave it on the back seat.  It might freeze. 

A dinner reservation - ah, are you banging your head against the steering wheel yet?

Unless you are willing to be squeezed in next to the bathrooms, able to eat 3 courses in 90 minutes or at 11pm, and can afford a month's rental on parking, you might want to start screaming now.  Alternatively, you can give us a call and book a table for Friday night where you won't have to move for the evening, you can enjoy live music from Ali Manion, you can byob, and you won't be in any danger of proposing to the wrong person.  Just a thought ......

http://dot2dotcafe.com/valentine-day-dinner-february-14/

Phone or email for your booking - one seating only so space is limited.  , VALENTINE'S DAY?  No pressure .......

So ladies, here we are with less than a week to find out where you are being taken to dinner, deciding what to wear, putting  the over-sized teddy bear into storage and throwing out last year's dead roses.  BUT my question is this:  WHY ARE YOU WAITING FOR ANYTHING??? In this age of sexual equality why are YOU not making the decisions.  Plenty of men out there would welcome being asked out to dinner, would happily avoid the tension of teddy bear v roses and would really enjoy a non-pressured night out with his girl/partner/friend(s).  Come as a couple or group of friends - and have some fun.  Celebrate friendship and the love that comes with that.  There's only so long you can stare into someone's eyes without getting a headache.   

So come join us this Friday - as friends, as lovers, as groups or even on your own.  There are enough of us here to make you feel welcome and you can always sing along with Ali.  Check out our website for the menu and call or email to make a reservation.  

P.S.  When you know you are looking like the bomb, don't forget to compliment the other person too.  We are all a bunch of peacocks., DOT 2 DOT CAFE CLOSED TODAY - WEDNESDAY FEBRUARY 5 due to adverse weather conditions.  We will be open again tomorrow.  We apologise for any inconvenience. Guess we'll all be getting a work-out shoveling today!, VALENTINUS - How's that for a name?

DID YOU KNOW ……

Saint  Valentine’s Day began life as a religious celebration of one or more early Christian saints named (wait for it) VALENTINUS.  Put that one down on your ‘possible baby names’ list.  The collective Valentinus’s with February 14 birthdates became the subject of several invented martyrdom stories.  One popular ‘biographical’ account points to Saint Valentine of Rome, stating that he was imprisoned for performing weddings for soldiers, who were forbidden to marry, and ministering to Christians who were persecuted under Roman rule.  He is supposed to have healed his jailer’s daughter, and the story goes that he signed himself as ‘Your Valentine’ in a farewell letter before his execution.  

The romantic element came about in the Middle Ages with the likes of Geoffrey Chaucer.  This is somewhat surprising given that the Canterbury Tales is bawdy enough to make one blush without getting anywhere close to the heart.  But this was also a time of courtly love, expressed by way of flowers, confectionary and greeting cards, known as “valentines”.  At what point martyred saints were replaced by beating hearts, doves and naked babies with arrows, I’m not sure but Mr Hallmark must have been ecstatic..  

We are, first and foremost, a restaurant with a mission to serve good food.  We have devised a special menu for the night and there will be live entertainment, courtesy of acoustic singer, Ali Manion.  WE PROMISE not to pack you in like sardines.  WE WILL NOT ask you to eat and move on.  Come for the evening, relax and enjoy your meal.  Listen to the music and join in if you want to.  Come with friends, or your special date, and make it a night to remember.  I will, unfortunately, be too busy in the kitchen to perform any impromptu marriage ceremonies. 

Reservations are required as space is limited.   Reserve by phone – 617 436 2368 or e-mail: dot2dotmanager@gmail.com.  Please see website for Valentine Dinner Menu. http://dot2dotcafe.com/valentine-day-dinner-february-14/
, So let's talk about the Grammy's.   When you no longer have the ability to do a job, you retire.  When you're voice can't make it anymore but you've already made your millions, perhaps it's time to listen, reminisce and be grateful for your achievements. Time to move over and let the new talents have a chance.  And if you can sing, why on earth would you feel the need to be cavorting around with a chair while ludicrously underdressed.  I make no apologies for being old fashioned.  I would have been highly distressed if Luther had started stripping down to his underwear while performing.  George Michael can dance (omg can he dance!) but looks mighty fine dancing fully dressed, without the use of any furniture.  'Video killed the radio star' was portentous in many ways.  Over-indulgence in anything can kill the good it set out to do.  Maybe its time to reintroduce a bit of old fashioned stardom (Adele - we pay homage to you) when artists just sang and didn't feel it necessary to give a Cirque du Soleil audition or do impressions of lap dancers.  Being ogled in your underwear can only be a distraction from the real deal.  Why do that if you can deliver the goods?  And you can - right?  And on that note .....

Open Mic this Friday - chairs are only available to sit on.  Oh - and if you give me 24 hours notice, I might be able to marry off a few of you while you're here., OPEN MIC THIS FRIDAY AND VALENTINE DINNER MENU NOW POSTED 

A quick reminder to all that you can expose your talents this Friday at our regular monthly Open Mic, held in collaboration with the Boston School of Music Arts.  Doors open from 6pm for dinner (min. spend $10 per person) and performances start at 7pm. 

You either love it or hate it but Valentines Day is almost upon us and if you haven't got your act together yet, consider this.  Dot 2 Dot is offering a relaxed dining experience (one seating only) with live music, courtesy of Ali Manion. Ali is an acoustic jazz singer and guitarist who has performed at the café in the past. As always, we offer vegan options for every course. Book your table before February 5th and receive a 10% discount. Please see attached menu below.

VALENTINE DINNER MENU - FRIDAY FEBRUARY 14
 LIVE MUSIC FROM ALI MANION

Appetisers
Sesame and soy glazed duck breast served on top of Asian salad
Potted shrimp pate served with herbed focaccia
Piedmont roasted pepper (red pepper stuffed with tomatoes, basil, garlic) served with herbed focaccia (v)

Main Course
Chicken with sherry vinegar, tarragon and crème fraiche served with potato gratin and roasted asparagus 
Salmon fillet in filo pastry with garlic, ginger, cilantro and raisins, served with herbed polenta and baby spinach 
Sweet chilli tofu served on top of a roasted garlic and quinoa ‘pancake’ with stir fried kale (v) 

Desserts
Grand Marnier cheesecake with fresh strawberries 
Chocolate espresso mousse with fresh whipped vanilla cream
Coconut rice pudding served with prunes macerated in Marsala (v)

One seating only!  Reservations required - tel: 617 436 2368/email dot2dotmanager@gmail.com.  $45 per head
10% discount with reservations made before February 5th. 
Doors open from 6.30pm., DOT 2  DOT CAFE WILL BE CLOSED ON WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 22 DUE TO THE INCLEMENT WEATHER - don't you just love that word?  Inclement - does it start at light rainfall and build to flood proportions? When does it move from snowfall to snowstorm?  Oh and delight of delights - no school tomorrow.  My child will be feigning extreme tiredness when asked to do anything that involves moving from the verbal wallpaper and exercising his,apparently, self-given right to treat me as his personal chef.  All with a look of extreme innocence and a charming smile.  Need I wish you all good luck?, https://www.facebook.com/events/442219279233183/, FRIDAY JANUARY 24 - DINNER AND LIVE MUSIC 

This week is set to be a little nippy by all accounts so postmen/women please put your long trousers back on.  We have somewhere warm for you to hang out on Friday night - I mean everyone, not just the postal service - live music from local musician, Bethel Steele, and great food, very reasonably priced.  We are always very happy to collaborate with local artists, theatre groups, musicians, etc. It gives us a chance to create an event and offer dinner (which many of you often ask for) and provides a free venue for artists trying to get themselves out there.  We cannot do this without your help.  When you eat our food you help to create the next event, you help to showcase the next musician, the next artist, the next play.  Then you can go home with not only a full stomach but a good feeling of having done something for your community.  Then we can all do group hugs and chant Dorchester slogans - NOT. 

Doors open from 6pm.  $5 cover charge to go to Bethel Steele. 

Menu: (min spend per person $10)

Caribbean stewed chicken with rice and peas and mixed salad - $13
Chilli shrimp with pasta and arugula - $14
Sweet and sour eggplant with steamed rice and stir fried vegetables (v) - $12

Brioche bread pudding with caramel sauce and ice-cream - $6
Tropical fruit salad (pineapple, kiwi, Sharon fruit, grapes, Gallia melon, papaya, kumquats, passion fruit) - $6
Crème brulee - $6, null, AFC CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES - Do I know what I'm talking about?  Of course not BUT I do know this:
Guys - if you want to ensure an afternoon of peace and uninterrupted viewing you take your family/partner etc. out to brunch at DOT 2 DOT CAFE first.  During this family fest you do not consult your watch every 5 minutes. You do not make everyone order the same meal. You do not make multiple calculations in your head based on the time it takes to eat x the maximum number of chews it takes to swallow a piece of bacon versus sausage.  You participate in the conversation without resorting to glazed eyes/ rolling eyes, completely closed eyes and huge animal-like sighs. THEN, AND ONLY THEN, can you ascertain whether you have enough beer in the cooler, remember where you hid the remote control and pull out all the Halloween candy that you have been promising the kids in exchange for sitting in their team shirts for hours and only making noise when you raise your hand. 
See you all here bright and early. :-), DINNER AND MOVIE NIGHT - Sung to the tune of 'Mama Mia' 
(Bring the kids)

To be sung loudly, without cynicism, with forgiveness for any out-of-sync pentameters and with much applause for the fact that I am having to do this.  And, NO, there will be no live demonstrations.

Oh my goodness!
Here comes Friday night,
Want to take in
Dinner and a movie?

Dot 2 Dot is
showing 'Mama Mia'
Sounds fun.
Could be kinda groovy.

Menu sounds quite div-i-ine,
Bring your own beer and wi-ine.
My, my, how can we resist this.

No cabs, no parking,
It's just a walk from here.
Who knew?
They had so much fun in there. 

Eat, drink and sing if you want dear,
I'll put some cotton wool in my ear.
My, my, and no washing up to clear.

Mama Mia,
Here we come right now,
My, My you don't wanna miss this. 


Health warning: Dot 2 Dot Café can take no responsibility for high jinks, dancing on tables, off-key singing and general revelry.  We reserve the right to record any such behavior for future promotional material. 

Dinner and movie night - Friday January 17.  Dinner served from 6pm. See website for menu. Movie starts at 7pm.  $25 per head, excl. meals tax. Kids menu available - $12 per head.  Book your table before space runs out.  Tel: 617 436 2368 or email: dot2dotmanager@gmail.com., null, Lots of you on the ball - unlike me.  Ahem. 

DINNER AND MOVIE NIGHT - FRIDAY JANUARY 17.  Doors open from 6pm. Movie is 'Mama Mia' and starts at 7pm.  Menu is posted below with all relevant details.  (Separate post).  

Thank you for all those nudges., DINNER AND MOVIE NIGHT AT THE DOT

If you need a little more persuasion to join us for dinner and movie night, check out the menu below.  

Goats cheese, arugula and walnut salad with raspberry vinaigrette
or
Roasted carrot and ginger soup (v)

Black pepper and caramelized pork belly with steamed rice and stir fried vegetables
or
Shrimp and pumpkin coconut stew with steamed rice and bok choi
or
Sweet and sour eggplant with black beans and cilantro with stir fried rice (v)

Crème brulee
or
Blueberry cheesecake
or
Apple and blackberry crisp (v)

Price per head - $25 (excl. meals tax).  Reservations can be made by phone( 617 436 2368) or email - dot2dotmanager@gmail.com, JANUARY EVENT CALENDAR AT DOT 2 DOT CAFE

If you are looking for things to do locally, then look no further.  Bundle up and come and  join your community for some (or all!) of the following events.

Thursday January  16 – The Knitting Brunch. This weather is ideal for knitting hats, gloves and scarfs.  Welcome to the knitting brunch – a chance to catch up with fellow knitters and enjoy a gourmet breakfast. Group gathering from 10 am. 

Friday January 17 – Dinner and Movie Night.  Want to forget how cold it is outside for a few hours?  Come and join in the fun with ‘Mama Mia’  - I had no idea this movie was so funny and hats off to Ms. Streep for being such an all-rounder.  Sing along and enjoy a 3-course gourmet meal for $25 per head.  Reservations only. 

Thursday January 23 – Dinner and Book Club. ‘NW’ by Zadie Smith.  Join our regular group of readers or feel free to bring your own book club and enjoy great food and discussion in a quiet atmosphere. Doors open from 6.30 pm. 

Friday January 24 -  Dinner and live music.  Local musician Bethel Steele - Dorchester resident and nationally touring singer/songwriter - will be performing at Dot 2 Dot Café.  Please come out and support her because it doesn't get much closer to home than this. Tickets: $5 at the door (to go to musician).  $10 minimum spend per person for dinner menu.  Doors open for dinner from 6pm.  Performance begins at 7.30 pm.  Make your reservation by email or phone: 617-436-268/ dot2dotmanager@gmail.com 

Friday January 31 – Open Mic Night, in collaboration with the Boston School of Music Arts.  Dinner from 6pm – $10 minimum spend per person.  Music starts from 7pm., GLOBE FOOD REVIEW AND SNOW ANGELS
It's a first for both and I have yet to make the snow angel but there's an awful lot of snow to play in out there.  Thanks to the Boston Globe for starting the New Year off for us with a review in their food section on January 1st. Thank you also for all those congratulatory messages - we couldn't do it without your support.  It's a great way to start the year with a lot of hope and energy AND A LOT OF SNOW....... 

http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2013/12/31/this-cafe-celebrate-most-important-meal-day/FqmqIYvx3KjID0XFppPsuJ/story.html?s_campaign=8315

If you have been wondering about the window display, it was our nod to Christmas by way of exotic handmade birds (?!) and branches from the garden.  We had lots of fun making them which is probably why the birds ended up looking so 'unique'.  Thank you to Diane Sawyer (plus friend) and Fin for all the time and effort. We came second place in the 'Deck the Window' competition for Dorchester which was an added bonus. 

 As Boston is looking like a winter wonderland and I don't happen to possess my own snow plough, I cannot guarantee what time the café will open tomorrow but will put out a notice as soon as it becomes clear whether we can open or not. Meanwhile enjoy that national pastime of shoveling and this magical transformation, if only for a few hours.  I'm off to make my first snow angel., DOT 2 DOT CAFE CLOSED ON NEW YEARS DAY

Whether you're cozying up under the mistletoe or catching frostbite out on the Common (while not smoking ANYTHING) - have fun, be safe and keep warm.  Wishing you a very Happy New Year from all of us at Dot 2 Dot.  

P.S.  If you are coming in on Thursday, don't forget to wish Kerrie Happy Birthday.  Loudly.  She'll still be recovering., So the kids in here tell me that Instagram is the way to go.  I have no idea but we are giving it a go.  Apparently you now have to like me.  Wrong!  You now have to follow me.  Well not me personally because I'm not putting myself up as the Pied Piper of Dorchester.  But please FOLLOW Dot 2 Dot  to get special deals and updates on what's happening.  Give me a couple of years and I'll have this down.  I think., HAPPY HOLIDAYS FROM DOT 2 DOT

Thank you, thank you to all the honorary Trini's and Bajan's that came out to support Caribbean Night Pt. II.  We hope you had a good time and look forward to hosting more events in the New Year.  Watch this space - time to bring back dinner and movie nights, live music from local musician Bethel Steele on January 24, Open Mic on last Friday of the month - and how about another play?? 

Time to take a short break for the holiday. Closed from Tuesday 23 to Thursday 26.  All those of you suffering from brioche French toast withdrawal - hang in there.  We'll be back at the griddle on Friday.  Have a wonderful, peaceful and relaxed Christmas.  I'm off to watch 'It's a Wonderful Life' ...... again., It's that time again: CARIBBEAN NIGHT part II!!

Turn the snow into sand, stand behind some glass and feel the warmth of the sun, put on your shades and make the sky bluer.  Not doing it for you?  Then get your togs over to Dot 2 Dot tomorrow night and feel some warmth from the pepper sauce, some heat from the kitchen and shake a leg to live socca music courtesy of Charleston Sargeant.  We'll be lyming with the parang, socca and calypso and feeling hot, hot, hot.  

We are offering- coconut bread, phoullori & tamarind sauce, curry chicken, curry shrimp, Bajan fish cakes, rice & peas, fried plantain and calaloo. Dessert- Choice of tropical fruit salad, bread pudding or apple pie. $25 per person (includes a complementary drink of sorrel or mauby). 

Please call us at  617.436.2368 to make a reservation. Spots are filling up fast!, CARIBBEAN NIGHT, KNITTING BRUNCH, BOOK CLUB THIS WEEK.

'It may be winter outside, but in my heart it's ....... playing parang, socca, calypso and eating some serious Caribbean food.  This Friday (20th) it's Caribbean Night Pt. II and we are rolling out the curried crab, Bajan fishcakes, calaloo, stewed chicken, rice and peas, coconut bake, sorrel and mauby .... need I say more!  
Doors open from 6pm for dinner, music starts at 7pm.  Please call or email to make a reservation. 

Get those winter gloves finished cos it looks like you're going to need them.  Knitting brunch this Thursday (19th) from 10am.  

Did you cheat and watch the film?  Are you polishing the silver and dusting the chandelier?  Come and join the book club to discuss 'Remains of the Day' by Kazuo Ishiguro and enjoy a great meal while you chat.  Dinner and book club - Thursday 19th from 6.30 pm. 

PLEASE NOTE: WE WILL BE CLOSED ON TUESDAY 17TH FOR MAINTENANCE WORK. APOLOGIES FOR ANY INCONVENIENCE., Open Mic this Friday with the Boston School of Music Arts 

So if the snow sticks we will be making ice sculptures and creating a maze which guests can get lost in while some overwrought staff member runs around with an axe screaming 'Honey I'm home' - all in aid of playing to the fact that it will be Friday the 13th, and if you can't beat them, you might as well join them. Bring it on you wanna-be stand-up's.

Menu for the night:

Beef and black bean chilli with avocado salsa and basmati rice - $13
Pasta puttanesca  (v)(tomatoes, olives, capers, onions, garlic, anchovies (optional), basil) - $11
Kid's choice - Pasta with tomato sauce, pepperoni, mozzarella and fresh basil - $8
Chickpea soup with cumin and coriander - $6.50 (v)

Bread pudding with caramelized bananas and vanilla ice-cream - $6
Apple crisp with soy ice-cream - $6 (v)
D2D apple pie with fresh whipped cream or vanilla ice-cream - $6

Doors open from 6pm for dinner, minimum spend $10 per head.  Music starts from 7pm. See you there., Check out the Milton Art Center for their Holiday Artisan Fair tomorrow (Saturday, December 7).  We will be there selling apple cinnamon pies, minced fruit pies, flapjacks, scones and bread.  The weather is supposed to be nasty tomorrow so enjoy your breakfast at Dot 2 Dot and then come and buy some unique gifts and get your holiday gift shopping out of the way nice and early.  And you get to stay dry.  Can’t say I don’t try., WHAT'S HAPPENING AT DOT 2 DOT IN DECEMBER?

If you have now prised yourself off the sofa, put the last gallon of turkey stock in the freezer, battled through the shopping malls and are resting your index finger from several incomplete purchases on Cyber Monday, here's a few dates you can put in your personal thingummy doodah. 

Friday 13 - Open Mic - hoping for some comedic relief amongst all the other shining stars on this night.  Lots of fodder to work from on this date. 

Thursday 19 - Knitting brunch.  Join our intrepid group of knitters and enjoy a gourmet breakfast at the same time.  Starts from 10 am and all are welcome.  

Thursday 19 - Dinner and book club.  'Remains of the Day' by Kazuo Ishiguro.  A lot of text, so get reading.  The book/film is a masterpiece in repressed British behavior (apparently we are pretty good at it) and eye candy for anyone interested in stately homes. Menu tbd.  Doors open from 6.30pm. Discussion starts around 7pm. 

Friday 20 - The first Caribbean Night was such great fun that we've opted for squeezing another one in before the end of the year.  Those of you who missed out the first time, get your act together and sign up for this one.  Caribbean food, live steel pan music and a great atmosphere to keep out that winter cold.  Stop the Christmas shopping for an evening, get out and join your community and shake a leg!  Curried chicken, Bajan fishcakes, fried plantain, calaloo and much more.  $25 per head, half price for children under 14.  Reservations only by calling café or sending an email. 

We will be making traditional Christmas sweet minced fruit pies - box set of 6 for $10 -  as well as our range of fruit pies.  If you are interested in ordering one (or several), please call the café or send an email.  That should just about finish me off for the year.  One last thought:  am I the only one flummoxed by the realisation that a 20 pound turkey is the size of two rather large babies?  Hmmm., Thank you to all of you who supported Dot 2 Dot Café by buying your Thanksgiving Pies from us.  I hope they were all enjoyed.  Please note that the café is closed today (Friday, November 29) and will be open for business as usual tomorrow (Saturday, November 30).  We look forward to seeing you over the weekend.  And if you are going Black Friday shopping remember - nobody needs 5 55" flat screen TV's when they only have one pair of eyes.  HAPPY THANKSGIVING., Reasons to buy a Dot 2 Dot Thanksgiving Pie:

1.  The perfect way to ingratiate yourself with the new in-laws, girlfriend/boyfriend, new boss, puppy and anyone you are persistently late for.

2.  The smell of a freshly baked pie will precede you and go a long way to cover the fact that you came out with a bed head. Not to mention that everyone else on the train will be jealous and will want to know where you go it from.  Which, of course, is good advertising for us. 

3.  You can pretend that you made it yourself and when you are, inevitably, caught out in this untruth you can say, truthfully, that you would have if you could have, and this is the next best thing. 

4.  For those not bowled over by the thought of eating an oversized bird, this can be the carrot on the end of the stick.  Giving it first does not work as an inducement to eat cooked feathered friend. 

5.  On the third day of eating turkey - you can now eat as much pie as you want. 

6.  Do not try to stage an armed attack on the person who nabbed the last piece of pie.  There is plenty more where it came from. 

Deadline is this SUNDAY my friends.  I've done my bit - now it's up to you. 

10" - $16.  12" - $22.50.  Excluding meals tax. 
Apple Cinnamon, Apple Blackberry, Apple Minced Fruit, Pumpkin and Caramelized Walnut, Deep Lemon Tart. Call the café or email your order to dot2dotmanager@gmail.com.  Orders of 10 or more receive a 10% discount., Boston Businesses: Thinking of a way to thank your staff this holiday? Want to do something more special than a generic, mass produced pie? This Thanksgiving we are offering handmade AND homemade pies! Everything is made from scratch in our kitchen! Order 10 pies or more and you will receive a 10% discount.

10" pies = $16 (excl. tax)
12" pies= $22.50 (excl. tax)
Available flavors are:
Apple Cinnamon
Apple & Blackberry
Apple & Minced Fruit
Pumpkin & Caramelized Walnut
Deep Lemon Tart

Orders must be placed by Sunday, November 24th and collected by 5pm on Wednesday, November 27th. Please contact us by phone 617.436.2368 or by email at dot2dotmanager@gmail.com

PLEASE SPECIFY IF YOU NEED YOUR PIE BEFORE THE PICK UP DATE AND WE WILL MAKE IT HAPPEN!, Brioche is done for the weekend! Come and try our award winning Brioche French Toast. Also, freshly baked wheat bread available for sale tomorrow until 4:30., While you are still trying to pull your child off the ceiling from their sweetie high, here's a couple of dates to put in your alternative diaries:
November 15/16 - 2 course dinner and a play.  'A Betrothal' by Lanford Wilson, from the Avenue Stage theatre group.  A BETROTHAL is a 30-minute, two-character, one-act comedy that takes place in a rain-soaked flower show in the far northern suburbs of New York City. Two disgruntled exhibitors -- the baffled Mr. Kermit Wasserman and the furious Ms. J.H. Joslyn -- share their disappointment at being passed over by the judges over a cold cup of coffee.  But could this chance meeting bring about a new and dazzling hybrid that will take the horticultural world by storm? 
Tickets for November 15th performance are already SOLD OUT. You have another chance to catch the show on November 16 with dinner seating from 6-6.30 pm with the performance starting at 8pm. Tickets, menus, press photos, and further information can be found at www.avenuestage.org

The questions are already being asked and the answer is YES.  We are offering Thanksgiving Pies again this year and thank all of you for your continued support with your orders. Choices are: 
Apple cinnamon; apple blackberry; apple and minced fruit; pumpkin and caramelized walnut, deep lemon tart.  All pies are made with our egg-enriched, sweet pastry and all fillings are made in-house.  We can also provide gluten free pies.  Orders must be in by Sunday November 24 and pies must be collected no later than 5pm on Wednesday November 27.  Please see website for pricing details. 
And now it's time to take out the padding from your batman costume, remove the Liberace wig, the Red Riding Hood cape, put away the Dorothy shoes and gorge yourself on bad candy that you confiscated from your kids. Happy Halloween - belatedly., This week at Dot2Dot:

LUNCH SPECIALS
●Chicken Noodle Soup w/ rice noodles, mushrooms, bok choi, scallions & cilantro-$7.00
●Wild Rice w/ Veggie Stir Fry- $7.50
● Spinach & Goat Cheese Quiche w/ small salad- $7.00

EVENING EVENTS
No evening events this week
HAPPY HALLOWEEN!, Open Mic Night in full effect!  Come on down for some hot soup and hot talent!, D2D Cafe will open at 9am on Friday, October 25th. Thank You!, DINNER AND OPEN MIC NIGHT - TOMORROW - FRIDAY 25
Gearing up for Open Mic and looking forward to connecting with all that talent out there (courtesy of Boston School of Music Arts and anyone else wanting to put it out there). Weather's turning cold so lots of warming dishes (chicken/vegetable ramen) and chocolatey desserts.  Doors open from 6pm - I've got my fingers crossed for some tap dancing.  
Oh - and am I supposed to be saying something complimentary about the Superbowl?, OH WHAT A NIGHT! OPEN MIC THIS FRIDAY.  NOVEMBER 15 - 2 course dinner and performance of  'A BETROTHAL' - a comic, one-act play by Lanford Wilson. 

Sending out a big thank you to all who came out and supported Caribbean Night last Friday.  A lot of fun was had (certainly by me) - great feedback on the food and drinks (mauby anyone?) and the general consensus seems to be  - 'when are we having the next one?'  Thinking some time in December, slotted between the chaos of Thanksgiving and the madness of Christmas.  The big question is:  Will I have to dance on my own again? Seriously people??? How can you even sit still while listening to steelpan? Watch this space for the next Caribbean event and get your groove back out of the cupboard. 

Open Mic this Friday in collaboration with the Boston Music School of Arts.  Doors open from 6pm.  
Menu:
Assorted flatbread pizzas - $10 and up. 
Wild rice salad with vegetable stir fry (v) - $11
Chicken ramen soup with rice noodels,  bok choi, scallions, cilantro, garlic - $12.50
Vegetable ramen soup with rice noodles, fried tofu, (as above - (v)) - $10

Bread pudding with caramelized banananas and whipped cream - $6
Dark and white chocolate roulade - $6
Apple crisp with soy ice-cream (v) - $6

Please call the café for reservations for November 15., PLEASE NOTE: Dot 2 Dot Café will be closed from 12 noon today for a rather large catering job.  We apologise for any inconvenience and will be open again at 6pm for CARIBBEAN NIGHT.  Get out your flags and practice your moves., CARIBBEAN NIGHT - SOLD OUT.
Shaping up for a great night tomorrow with live steel pan and plenty of choice on the Caribbean menu.  One small alteration - the crab got away and had to be replaced with saltfish.  My apologies - I will take the boat out much earlier next time. We have a full house so, again, sorry if we have to disappoint some of you.  We will certainly do it again.  Doors open from 6pm - music starts from 7pm.  Hunting out my Trini flag as I write.  See you there., null, FEELING HOT, HOT, HOT ........
FRIDAY OCTOBER 18 - CARIBBEAN NIGHT with live steel pan music from Charleston Sargeant, leader of Pan United, one of Boston's best known steel bands. The nights might be getting cold but we will be summoning the warmth of the Caribbean with  authentic soca and calypso music.  On the menu will be 'stewed' chicken, fried plantain, calaloo, coconut bake, rice and peas, curried crab, phoullori* and anything else I can remember from my childhood.  I'll be dancing in the kitchen. Please call or email the café to make a reservation. Price per head: $20.  Children under 12 - $10 *All dishes subject to availability.
Space is limited so please make a reservation - 617 436 2368 or dot2dotmanager@gmail.com., RELEASE YOUR INNER WEREWOLF - HALLOWEEN MASK MAKING AT DOT 2 DOT CAFE

For those of you who still welcome the chance to unleash your child's inner creativity, and have a lot of fun along the way, this is your chance to sign up for 3 weeks of Halloween mask making.  Under the tutelage of Leslie MacWeeney, kids aged 8 and up (adults also welcome) are invited to create their own mask.  With access to art materials to create elongated noses, ears, with the use of plaster, plastics, glass eyes, fur - you could be the ultimate werewolf or a hobbit or Kristen Stewart - it's between you and your imagination. 

The course takes place over 3 weeks with a total cost of $30 per child on Thursday 10th, 17th and 24th, from 4pm to 6pm, at Dot 2 Dot Café.  We will be offering a complimentary snack to attendees.  Students who have produced a finished piece by the end of the 3 week course will be invited to display their masks in the café windows, the week before Halloween until October 30th. 
Please call the café for further information on pre-registration and payment or e-mail macweeney.leslie@gmail.com for registration forms.  
Can't wait to see what my Taylor Lautner turns out like., KERMIT OR MISS PIGGY??
If your kids are like my son, they are already counting down to that somewhat strange non-holiday dress up day and planning on costumes that will make the iparties of the world very happy.  Getting into the spirit of mouldy pumpkins and pintsized witches, we are offering a 3 week session of mask making, hosted by Leslie MacWeeney,  for your little darlings to get creative (boo hoo to Iparty) and showcase their designs in the café windows for the week before Halloween.  

The classes are $10 each, running from 4pm to 6pm on October 10th, 17th and 24th and include a complimentary snack.  Age requirement is 8 years and up and adults are welcome.  Pre-registration is required and payment and registration MUST be made by October 8.  Registration forms are available by e-mailing the instructor at macweeney.leslie@gmail.com 

Can't wait to get messy with the  papier mache!, Busy week at The Dot - kicking off on Thursday with dinner and book club.  'The Woman Upstairs' by Claire Messud - insightful and more than a little creepy.  Good read with great references (I like being made to work at it).  Come and join us for dinner and discussion.

Friday night is dinner and  Open Mic night with lots of talent coming from the Boston School of Music Arts.  Sharon and Yury will be MC's for the night and the more participation, the more fun to be had.  All are welcome.  Doors open from 6pm.  Check out the menu - do you think I could institute a policy of 'singing for your supper?  Let me see if I can get it on the next mayoral Q&A session. 

Menu:
Lemon roasted chicken with sumptuous 'barbecue' salad (arugula, baby spinach, cherry tomatoes, fennel, French beans, cannellini beans, roasted potatoes, boiled eggs) with balsamic dressing - $14
Maple glazed salmon with spiced lentils, spinach and fried polenta - $14
Galicky Portobello mushrooms, artichokes and sautéed spinach 'gratin' with crisp breadcrumbs with arugula salad - $12 Flatbread pizzas - tomato sauce, mozzarella, basil - $10
Add meat - $1, assorted cheese - 50c, assorted veg/fruit - 50c.

Deep lemon tart served with crème fraiche - $6
Strawberry and cream meringues - $6
Chocolate crepes with chocolate hazelnut filling with soy ice-cream (v) - $6, Check out our expanding lunch menu - flatbread pizzas, paninis, definitely NOT boring salads, our range of sandwiches on homemade wheat or focaccia or your choice of wraps, croissants, bagels.  And to the lactose intolerant, vegan lady who "just wanted something sweet" and ended up with vegan crepes with caramelized bananas in an orange caramel sauce - YES, WE ROCK.  

Looking for something to do in your neighbourhood?  We are getting back into the groove - so watch this space. 

This Thursday (September 19) is the Knitting Brunch. It’s time to get those balls of wool out and get creative for cooler days. Our circle of knitters (female and male) will be banding together again for brunch, clacking needles and good conversation. Come and join them, and us, for a relaxing morning among friends. 

Thursday September 26 – Dinner and book club. ‘The Woman Upstairs’ by Claire Messud.  Meeting starts at 7pm.  Dinner menu will be available by Monday.  All are welcome. 

Friday September 27 – Open Mic Night.  This month’s Open Mic will be hosted by the Boston School of Music Arts.  The school, launched in 2010, is located in the Lower Mills and provides professional-quality music education to adults and children of all ages and levels. With over 200 student families,  studying everything from voice, piano, guitar , drums, saxophone - right through to recording, songwriting and performance, to name a few. We are very pleased to have Sharon and Yury join us at Dot 2 Dot for this month’s event.  Everyone is welcome to perform – all we ask is that you support Dot 2 Dot by purchasing something from the dinner menu (minimum spend $10 for adults, $7 children up to 12 years). Doors open from 6pm., It's hot out there.  It's cool in here.  Flatbread pizzas, sandwiches, quiche, salads, paninis and lots of iced coffee.  Come in and get some lunch.  If you're in a rush - call ahead and we'll hook you up., The chef and the car enthusiast tied the knot, jumped over the broomstick, limboed under the wooden pole, ran three times around the wishing well and celebrated their union with the launch of the pizza on wheels (not to be mistaken with a well-known game of rectangular wooden pieces with dots on them).  The gown has been packed away, the tux has been dry-cleaned, the faces massaged back to normal with vows taken never to crack another smile.  ‘The first six months’, ‘the first year’, ‘the first five years’ – depending on which wise sage you choose to listen to – will be the hardest but in this modern age of ‘hell I’m not marrying you unless we live together first’ one should already know about the hairy toes, the whistling snore, the grinding teeth, and the exchange of vows and rings is only to cement what you already know – that I take this person in sickness and in health because I love him/her. 
Let’s raise a glass/cup of coffee to Kerrie and Myles and wish them many, many years of marital harmony.  Do you remember your wedding song/dance?  Send it in and we will celebrate everyone’s special day this weekend.  With all the other nonsense that’s going on out there, sometimes it’s nice to spread a little joy., Hello to all you lovely supporters.  If you know of anyone who might be looking for a part time position locally, please feel free to pass the following on.  Thank you. 

Dot 2 Dot Café is looking for someone to join our front-of-house band of merry workers for a part-time position. Duties include serving tables, preparing hot and cold beverages, washing up and end of day clean up.  We are a small family so the right person must be willing to carry out whatever work is necessary at any given time. Serious applicants must be available to work weekends. 

Please call the café for any further information (617 436 2368) or email dot2dotmanager@gmail.com.

 

Thanks for your help everyone!, There are times in our lives that we are programmed to forget - giving birth when we think a family of four is the perfect size, dental work when we want that piece of chocolate, picking up after a dog when we see that cute puppy.  So here we are again at Labour Day Weekend and have managed to forget the queues of traffic heading out of everywhere, the last of the summer that will be burning the top of your head through the sunroof, (that you will have to have open because the a/c isn't working properly) and the eternal question of 'Are we there yet'.  BUT you have options - put off the pain until later and come join us for Open Mic.  Stay cool in the a/c, enjoy some good nosh -  look it up -  (min spend $10 per person) and finish off with some sweet freebies courtesy of Sifted Cakes.  All of that while accompanied by who knows what talent that local Boston has to offer.  Close your eyes, flip a coin and weigh up drooling dog breath in your ear and hanging out at Dot 2 Dot.  
Open Mic - doors open from 6pm, dinner followed by cake tasting.  Music starts from 7pm.  

Speaking of taking off - giving the staff (and me) Sunday off so that we can enjoy Labour Day too!!!  This Sunday - Dot 2 Dot closed.   You'll survive!!  Kerrie says I'm not even American.  And her point is ......., Dinner and Book Club - Thursday August 29
Tomorrow nights offering is 'Gone Girl' by Gillian Flynn.  Doors open from 6pm. All are welcome. 
Menu: 
Seared duck breast with mango salad and sesame, rice wine and cilantro dressing - $16
Sweet chilli shrimp with jalapeno polenta and stir fried bok choi - $16
Cherry tomato  tatin with seared marinated vegetables and arugula salad - $13

Apple tarte tatin with crème fraiche - $6
Banana Foster with banana walnut bread and vanilla bean ice-cream - $6
Crisp cinnamon puffs with blueberry coulis and soy ice-cream - $6

DINNER AND OPEN MIC - FRIDAY AUGUST 30
Yes, I actually managed to get the date right this time.  You have to understand - I still picture a piano keyboard to remember left and right.  Perhaps I just want the year to be longer ..... and the left/right thing?  Well, I AM perpetually on the wrong side of the road here. Sign up sheet available or send me an e-mail if you would like to perform.  
Friday night menu:
Flatbread pizzas - basic mozzarella with tomato sauce or pesto
add 3 topping - $12
fresh tomatoes, goats cheese, blue cheese, ricotta cheese, ham, sausage, pepperoni, anchovies, arugula, baby spinach, red onions, basil
Cherry tomato tatin with quinoa and arugula salad (v) - $12
Duck and mango salad - $14
Free cake samplings from 'Sifted Cakes'., OPEN MIC AND FREE TASTINGS FROM ‘SIFTED CAKES’
This Friday (August 31) we have a treat in store for you.  Not only do you get to strut your stuff at the mic but we have a guest appearance from Julius Johnson – the entrepreneur behind ‘Sifted Cakes’.  Julius majored in Baking at Madison Park and received a Culinary Arts Certification from Bunker Hill Community College.  Trained under Joanne Chang, owner of Flour Bakery, he left after 6 years to become Executive Pastry Chef at Boston Common Coffee Company.  Julius has found his own niche with innovative cake decorating skills (see his website www.siftedcakes.com) and has plans to open a storefront in 2014.  
Join us at Dot 2 Dot from 6pm on Friday for an evening of entertainment and great food from the Dot 2 Dot kitchen (minimum $10 spend per person), taste- test free samples from ‘Sifted Cakes’ and meet the chef in person., Trini's and Bajan's in the kitchen for tomorrow's breakfast.  Take a break after jouvert,  come and fill up before you shake your thang (or wuk up - according to Kerrie) at the Blue Hill Carnival.  My English/British side is still trying to find 'wuk up' in the Star Wars character list but the Urban Dictionary leaves no room for confusion or maybe just creates more confusion.  Like I said - better come and eat first!!!   Open from 8am., null, Open Mic is back! Come support local musicians! We will have flat bread pizzas, salads, quiche and sweet treats available for purchase. $10 minimum spend per person. Doors open at 6:00. See you there!, Dot2Dot open until 5 tomorrow (Friday) for coffee and light snacks. We will also have bread available to purchase by the loaf., Freshly baked goods!, PLEASE NOTE: Dot 2 Dot will be closed tomorrow (Wednesday 14) so that I can prepare for the hearing at City Hall.  I have two minutes to speak and have to slow down (apparently) so that you can all understand what I am saying.  Kerrie will be there to translate in an emergency.  Fun, fun, fun.  Come and join us if you can - should be very interesting!
City Hall, Ianella Chamber, 5th floor, 2-5pm., Thank you so much to those of you who have signed our petition asking for changes to be made to the current regulations on alcohol licences in order to help small businesses.  Councillor Pressley has filed a Home Rule Petitition that would lift the cap on liquor licences.  The hearing takes place this Wednesday (August 14) at City Hall, Ianella Chamber, 5th floor from 2 – 5pm. It is open to the public and is your opportunity to testify on this matter. 
For those of you who would still like to sign the petition, please go to Change.org, look for Dot 2 Dot Café and say what you think needs to be said., I take it as a great compliment that many of our patrons see Dot 2 Dot as a safe haven, a peaceful place, somewhere to switch off and relax for a while.  After yesterday’s drama, the need for community seems even stronger. Rationally, we all know that this is not about us.  This is a small part of our neighbourhood who choose to live a different life and, sometimes, pay the consequences.  A dead 20 year old is a life barely lived and the tragedy is that these children haven’t yet learned to value life itself. Even if this isn't about us, we can take the time to make others feel valued.  Pay someone a compliment today, smile at your neighbor, talk to another mother or father.  Be a part of the fabric that holds us together.  Maybe that will be the turning point for a child to turn away from a gun instead of embracing it.  

Dot 2 Dot Café – open until 2pm today.  Come on in and enjoy some down time.

Today’s specials:
Gluten free dark and white chocolate roulade
Tomato tarte tatin with baby spinach and arugula salad
Quinoa salad
Bacon and caramelized onion quiche, So Pinky has left for more dramatic pursuits and we wish her good luck in her venture.  We also welcome on board our new chef, Kerrie (pseudonym yet to be discussed) who hails from South End eaterie, Picco, and has many years of culinary experience under her belt.  With the 5 year post behind us, it's time to get organized and really start putting ourselves out there.  Not my greatest strength but Kerrie assures me she will still be smiling while she kicks my butt. 
One first, very small, step - lunch menus.  How many of you even know we do lunch?  Along with the spanking new coffee machine offering lattes, cappuccinos, mochas, espressos and all those authentic sounds of steamed milk we have many goodies to eat. 
This weeks offerings along with the regular sandwiches, flatbread pizzas, salads and quiches:
 Roasted vegetable frittata with arugula and cheddar cheese served with wheat toast – $10
 Quinoa salad with cherry tomatoes, arugula, cranberries, toasted almonds, feta cheese (optional), peppers, scallions -  $7 (v)
Quinoa and lentil ‘burger’ with arugula and baby spinach salad and salsa – $8.50 (v)
Fresh fruit salad (kiwi, pineapple, mango, grapes, papaya, strawberries, blueberries) – $5
Stop scratching your head with indecision - if your little heart desires something that isn't listed above, chances are we can make it if we have the raw ingredients.  Note to self - that's yourself not me - if anyone ever tells you that they can't make something in their kitchen, it's probably because it never started in their kitchen.  Make of that what you will - or should I just tell you?   YEEEUUUCCH., I'm not sure how fast you have to turn the pages to stay cool but this Thursday is Book Club and the chosen tome is 'Death of the Heart' by Elizabeth Bowen.  Please feel free to join us for dinner and book discussion.  Doors open from 6 pm. 

Menu:
Burmese tomato, shrimp and fish curry served with naan bread and basmati rice - $15
Spicy stuffed chicken thigh with sautéed swiss chard, lentils and sweet potato - $14
Broad bean and mint cakes with roasted peppers and swiss chard - $12 (v)

Crème brulee - $6
Baked nectarines stuffed with ricotta and amaretti - $6
Griddled pineapple with maple and mint glaze with mint granita $6 (v)

Please call the café to make a reservation - 617 436 2368 or email dot2dotmanager@gmail.com, Looking for a great place to cool off and have a nice meal? Come on over to Dot 2 Dot to enjoy a delicious lunch in this air conditioned environment! Check the Dot 2 Dot website for the usual lunch menu. Today's Lunch specials are:
 >Italian cold cuts with mixed salad and focaccia bread (arugula, cucumber, grapes, banana peppers, tomatoes, and Dot 2 Dot dressing) $ 9.00
 >Fresh fruit salad cups (pineapple, mango, kiwi, melons, and blue berries) $4.00
 Come on over!, Here's what Wednesday is looking like for me: 

Take my son to the airport at ungodly hour for his flight to the UK. Try to contain whoops of joy at the prospect of just over 2 child free weeks. 
Catering job for 60 people for company in downtown Boston to be delivered by 11.45. 
3 pm - Cooking class for the under 10's at St. Marks summer camp programme.
Figure out belated birthday present and restaurant for my better half.
Prep for book group dinner on Thursday. 
Did I say that at some point I might need to take a loo break, drink something and, perish the thought, eat some food. 
So the good news is that we have a catering job and the bad news is that we will have to close the cafe to get it done. So come and get your French Toast and flapjack fix tomorrow because I can't promise I'll be able to open the door on Wednesday., You are as young as you feel right? Well, apparently I must be about 75 having taken a tumble on a pair of rollerblades and ended up with a kneecap that's doing a good impression of severe bruising, old lady style. Back in the kitchen tomorrow for as long as I can stand. Be nice. I have high pain threshold but it won't extend to 'I want' or 'Gimme ...'  See you tomorrow., Café closed July 16 - July 23

Apologies to the good people of Dorchester and beyond.  I am closing the café for the coming week (somewhat unexpectedly) but will take the opportunity to get some overdue work done to the electrics while we re-group.  

Bear with me - circumstances do sometimes serve to remind us that we are mere mortals and that's not a bad thing.  Do try to stay cool in the coming days.  See you all next week., Fresh Bread Fridays
I have been promising to make Friday a bread baking day for you (our loyal customers) to buy - so this Friday we will be selling bread (sundried tomato focaccia (v), pumpkin seed wheat bread, whole wheat bread, coconut bread (v)).  If you would like to pre-order a loaf, call the café on 617 436 2368 and leave a message or e-mail dot2dotmanager@gmail.com. Freshly baked bread will be available after 2pm, priced between $5 - $6 per loaf.

So I saw a woodchuck - aka groundhog - wandering through my garden.  Nobody said these things were that big!!! and there will be war if it starts eating my vegetable patch.  Between that and the deer, the flying squirrel (I kid you not) and the resident chipmunk,  we practically have a menagerie.  All I'm waiting for now is a herd of wildebeest.  

P.S.  If you see a groundhog in summer do we get a solar eclipse and 100 days of sunshine?

Don't forget - Thursday and Friday we are open until 5pm for coffee and pastries. Come in for an iced coffee, latte, mocha, cappuccino, fresh lemonade, iced tea., No I am not American but Yes I will be closed on July 4 so as not to incite anarchy among my staff (and plus I want a day off).  Happy July 4 - have a relaxing day.  
P.S. Having to do drop off to camp in the morning so I am apologizing in advance for not being able to get to the café before 9am. Sorry., OPEN MIC AND PLENTY OF GOOD THINGS TO EAT
Getting happy in the kitchen.  Brainstorming (another way of saying that I am remembering what I forgot) - wild mushroom risotto (vegan), flatbread pizzas any way you like.  Just ask, because you never know what's in the genies box., It's hot out there.  It's cool in here.  And Alexi's on the keyboards.  It's a no brainer.  OPEN MIC TONIGHT. 

Menu:
Mixed chicken salad with warm flatbread - $8

Quinoa salad (scallions, grapes, peppers, Spanish onion, tomatoes, banana peppers, arugula, toasted almonds) - $8.50
Add shrimp - $3
Add chicken - $2

Garlic parmesan chicken with sugar snap and arugula salad - $10

Dark and white chocolate roulade - $5
Home made apple pie with ice-cream - $6
Brioche bread pudding with caramel sauce - $6

Iced lattes, mochas, triple shot iced coffee - it's all here., SSSSHHHHHH - it's Open Mic this Friday.  I think we should play this prohibition style.  See no evil, speak no evil when the powers that be try to tell you what you can and can't sing.  Maybe we should all mime the song.  Humming?  Is that an offence?  Only if it sounds like a Yellow Submarine.  Whatever the song is in your heart/head/mind/soul - sing it loud and proud .... quietly.
Alexi's on the mic folks - come out and party.  Dinner from 6pm. 

If you want to join the literary ladies this Thursday, the choice of book is 'A Thousand Splendid Suns' by Khaled Hosseini. All are welcome. 
Dinner Menu
Garlic parmesan chicken with French bean, Spanish onion and peach salad - $14

Porcini and portabello mushroom risotto with arugula salad (v) - $13

Salmon and quinoa salad with arugula, flaked almonds, peppers, scallions - $14

 

D2D apple pie with crème fraiche - $6

Lemon and mint granita with fresh fruit - $6

Dark and white chocolate roulade with fresh strawberries - $6, DON'T FORGET PEOPLE ..... TTO performing with excerpts from their musical '99% Stone'. 2 pm today.  Specialty drinks to raise funds for their work - Pink Lemonade, Lattes and triple shot iced coffees - all priced at $4.  And the A/C is keeping it cool in here ....., Giving a shout-out for our favourite crooner - Alexi Paraschos - who will be performing at the Midway Café, 3496 Washington Street, Jamaica Plain, this Sunday.  Tickets are under $10 and you get to support a local talent who deserves to be heard.  How cool would it be if he won the solo artist award!!!
Click on the link and get out there.  
DON'T FORGET WE ARE OPEN UNTIL 5PM TODAY.

http://bridgingthemusic.com/bridging-the-music-presents-massachusetts-solo-artist-awards-623-13/, 5pm Fridays
So we have this spanking new coffee machine for your lattes, mochas, espressos and a triple shot iced coffee which should see you straight for a few hours - now all we need is YOU.  Come in and enjoy pastries and coffee tomorrow afternoon when we will be open until 5pm.  (Maybe even 6pm if you keep on coming).  

Don't forget this Sunday (June 23) we have The Theatre Offensive performing at the café so we will be extending brunch until 4pm. They do some great work in our communities, so come out and support them - funds from all signature drinks purchased will be donated to TTO., Sorry. This link should have gone out with the last post but I hit the button by mistake.  Wouldn't happen with a pen!!!
http://www.thetheateroffensive.org/?p=661, Dot 2 Dot and TTO - Sunday June 23, 2-4 pm

Here's one to put in your post-paper/scroll/quill ipad thingummy whatsit.  The TTO (The Theatre Offensive) and Dot 2 Dot are collaborating for a late brunch on June 23, which will feature performances from TTO including an excerpt from their original musical '99% Stone'.   Dot 2 Dot will be creating a signature drink for the occasion, with all proceeds going to TTO in support of their work with OUT.  Join us for an afternoon of fun and community., null, Father's Day Brunch - Sunday June 16

Yes folks, that's this Sunday!! Did Father's Day suddenly sneak up on you too?  With all this rain it's hard to imagine barbecuing anything, so bring your beloved in to have brunch and then let him go and have fun unblocking the drain. Live jazz from Muse Stew and a great menu.  See you there. 

Father’s Day Brunch at Dot 2 Dot - Sunday June 16
 
Savoury cornbread French toast topped with avocado, crispy bacon arugula and your choice of egg – $14
 
Sourdough bread brushed with garlic oil, topped with chorizo sausage, tomato, melted goats cheese, poached egg and balsamic drizzle – $14
 
Crisp potato rosti topped with arugula, roasted shallots, and portabello mushrooms in a fresh herb and lemon sauce  – $13 (v)
 
Frittata with caramelised onions, roasted cherry tomatoes, zucchini, arugula and cheddar cheese- $12 (option of goats cheese and smoked salmon – $2)
 
8oz steak with roasted vegetables, garlicky roasted potatoes, eggs (of your choice), toast – $17.50
 
Sweet
 
D2D Apple pie with vanilla ice-cream – $8 
 
Tropical fruit salad with ginger wine and ginger snap biscuits  – $8 (v)
 
Banana Foster brioche French toast with, strawberries, blueberries, fresh whipped cream or vanilla ice-cream – $10
 
To make a reservation, please call the café on 617 436 2368 
or e-mail dot2dotmanager@gmail.com, I am about to have a rant so tune out now if you’ve ever sung Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds while taking a shower and then found some little Magoo type man standing outside your shower curtain with a bill in his hand that states you must now pay copyright fees to the Beatles (what’s left of them).  Take a breath (that’s me, not you) while I backtrack.  
In case you didn’t know, in order to play the radio, a cd, your ipod, mp3, etc., in a public place you must pay a fee to the city in order to obtain an entertainment licence.  If you should extend your entertainment to include live music, live performances e.g. spoken word, comedy, open mic, you must pay an additional fee and pray that no one decides to strip off while performing (‘there must be no frontal nudity’ – what happens if someone moons I can’t say).  So we pay our dues to create an ambience and hope that it pays off.  BUT if I decide to give a stand-up, spontaneous performance of, oooh, let’s say Benny and the Jets, really classic stuff from the man with the big glasses before he got eaten by the lions, I would be obliged to pay an additional licence fee to the corporations representing the artists/writers.  Don’t get me wrong – some talented person wrote something beautiful and fully deserves the credit, kudos and money but how far can property rights be extended?  If we all started singing ‘we will, we will rock you’ on a busy Saturday in the café, wouldn’t that be an utterly amazing tribute to the late Freddie Mercury – and we would all be grinning like idiots at each other until the little Magoo guy came round demanding that you put 25 cents into the music meter to pay for the pleasure of listening to your own voice.  Freddie is dead, so is Luther, Teena, Michael, Teddy, Whitney and the joy we still derive from their music can’t be equated with a dollar amount when we want to lift up our voices and sing with them.  If imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, then this is our way of saying we love this music and the talent that made it. Those of you who have been blessed with a voice that can give pleasure to so many, remember how you felt when you first created that song, that sound.  Did it fill you with joy? Or was it just about the dollar. 
P.S. Message to George.  You can only paint one Sistine chapel and you painted something so beautiful that it still stands the passage of time.  Sing something that makes you happy and when it makes you smile, we will smile too. 
Dot 2 Dot Café will be open until 5pm this Friday  (June 7).  Come in and try out our new espresso machine, enjoy a pastry and just breathe for a little while., 5 YEAR CELEBRATION WITH SPECIAL OPEN MIC THIS FRIDAY

A quick reminder to all of you who have befriended Dot 2 Dot over the past 5 years – this Friday we will celebrate with a special Open Mic being hosted by Alexi Paraschos – keyboards, guitar, vocals; Ali Manion – ukulele, vocals; and Patricia Gately – jazz trumpeter, three great talents.  We have a set menu: $20 for adults, $10 for children and a complimentary Bucks Fizz.   I hope many of you will join us to enjoy the evening’s entertainment and to raise a glass to another 5 years.  I was trying to think of a celebratory song but all I can hear is Bowie singing ‘5 years – that’s all we’ve got’ – which is a great song but feels like it should
 be played to lemmings.  Any other suggestions?

To make a reservation, please call the cafe on 617 436 2368 or email dot2dotmanager@gmail.com.

SAVOURY
Saltfish salad (salted cod with peppers, scallions, tomatoes, cucumber, olive oil) served with coconut bread and fried plantain
Caribbean ‘stewed’ chicken served with rice and beans, fried plantain
and mixed salad
Chickpea and sweet potato stew served with coconut bread and fried plantain (v)

SWEET
D2D Bread and Butter Pudding
Creamy rice pudding with griddled peaches
Lemon sorbet with crushed mint (v)

Complimentary D2D celebratory drink – ‘Bucks Fizz’, null, null, null, I have been somewhat remiss in organising Friday night events but it's time to get back on the wagon - so here goes:

5TH YEAR ANNIVERSARY CELEBRATION
FRIDAY MAY 31ST
OPEN MIC - A NIGHT WITH OUR STARS
From the concept of hosting an Open Mic, we have been privileged to hear some of the really great talent that is out and about in Boston.  This Open Mic we are bringing a few of those talents together to celebrate 5 years of being in business, to give them a round of applause for continuing to pursue their dreams, and to thank you all for your wholehearted support of Dot 2 Dot and helping us to get to our 5th anniversary. 
I hope many of you will come and join us for an evening of music, food, celebration and being a part of this vibrant community. 

We will be serving a set menu ($20 adults, $10 kids) and focusing on some of the dishes that have become firm favourites over the years.  To make a reservation, please call the cafe (617 436 2368) or send an e-mail to dot2dotmanager@gmail.com.
http://dot2dotcafe.com/menus/#dinner

Don't forget Thursday (May 30) is dinner and book club.  The chosen book is 'Dear Life' by Alice Munro.  All are welcome.  Dinner from 6pm. 

June 4 - Creating New Pathways from the Inside Out: Women Evolving Together. Dinner and group discussion. For more information see Events page on website.  Please rsvp to Samanthajtan@gmail.com, no later than May 27, to receive the Evite., KNITTING BRUNCH THIS THURSDAY - May 16, from 10 am 
NEXT OPEN MIC MUSICAL BONANZA - Friday, May 31, Dinner  from 6pm. 

We had a great Mothers Day - so thank you to all of you who turned up.  Judging from the feedback, I might have to put the cornbread French toast on as a regular!  If you're taking it a little easier this week you might want to come and join Beth and her knitting ladies this Thursday for brunch and group knit.  Lots of advice given for those of you who are beginners.  Everyone is welcome.  

This month marks 5 years of being in business and I thought it might be nice to celebrate with some of the musicians that have performed since we established an Open Mic night.  We are very
lucky to have Alexi Paraschos (vocalist/keyboards/guitar), Ali Manion (vocals/ukelele) and Patricia Gately (jazz musician - trumpet) who will be collaborating and performing at Dot 2 Dot on Friday, May 31 - last Friday of the month.  It promises to be a really fun night so if you would like to join us for dinner and live music from three very talented musicians, please RSVP to dot2dotmanager@gmail.com or leave a message on 617 436 2368., MOTHER'S DAY BRUNCH - SUNDAY 12, 8 - 3 pm

Last shout out for tomorrow’s Mother’s Day Brunch.  A very nice menu, if I say so myself and lots of potted plants for sale if you have to come up with a quick ‘No I did not forget darling’ kind of present.  If you are bringing along the beings that turned your other into a Mother, we are happy to accommodate them with simpler fare if necessary.  We are also delighted to have Alexi Paraschos performing for some of the time, so if you get the urge to sing you have full accompaniment or someone to drown you out depending on your ability.  So if you really haven’t made plans for Mother’s Day, look no further.  The 99th call to the umpteenth restaurant isn’t going to get you brownie points.  The look on your wife’s/mother’s/partner’s face that may range from disbelief to quiet relief will be worth it and she’s not muttering to herself – it’s a silent ‘thank you’ to a higher being.  

http://dot2dotcafe.com/events-2/, null, null, Come out all you book lovers and join us for dinner on Thursday, May 9.  This month's choice is 'The End of Your Life Book Club' by Will Schwalbe.  Feel free to join in discussion or bring your own book club along with you.  http://dot2dotcafe.com/menus/

It's time to give it up for those, often, unsung heroines who are the leaders of multi-tasking, juggling several roles of nurse (Mum I have a booboo), accountant (Mum, I need some pocket money), chef (Mum, what's for dinner?), cleaner/washer woman/ironer (Mum, I can't find any socks, do you know where my homework is???), story-teller (Mum, can we read it again?),  chauffeur (soccer, baseball, hockey, countless birthday parties), baker (Mum, can I have a spiderman cake for my birthday?)  ..... need I say more? 
This is your chance to get in the good books without having to make a mess in your own kitchen (which you will not be asking Mum to clean up).  So here's how you do it.  You make a reservation for Sunday 12 at Dot 2 Dot Cafe. You wake up Mum with large cup of coffee and Mother's Day card.  You wait patiently while she takes an hour to do her hair, without commenting, and stifle any stomach rumblings with the thought that you will soon be eating.  You tell Mum how wonderful she looks and escort her to preferred form of transportation, opening door, if necessary, and try not to leave drive with tires squealing.
 
Brunch: Yes, of course, your mother orders first and you do not get to rush her.  Over brunch you make stimulating conversation which requires more than the answer 'good' in response to any questions. You do not rush your mother over breakfast (I don't care which game is being played), and you make her feel like a queen for the rest of the day. 
 
Not that hard is it!  You have six days to get your act together.  Don't say you weren't warned.  
 
DO NOT FORGET Mother's Day (this Sunday).  Check out our menu and make a reservation.  http://dot2dotcafe.com/events-2/, TODAY. MAY 5, LIVE MUSIC AND FRESH HERB SALE.  If you didn't get a chance to look in last Sunday, here's another chance.  The potted herbs look beautiful!

If you are looking for somewhere special to take your Mother on Mother's Day (NEXT SUNDAY, MAY 12 - GOT THAT?) we will be hosting a special brunch with live music from our favourite crooner, Alexi Paraschos.  Menu:
MOTHER’S DAY BRUNCH AT DOT 2 DOT CAFE
Sunday May 12th
Savoury cornbread French toast topped with avocado,
crispy bacon, arugula and your choice of egg - $14

Sourdough bread brushed with garlic oil, topped with chorizo sausage, tomato, melted goats cheese, poached egg
and balsamic drizzle - $14

Potato scone with roasted Portabello mushrooms, wilted spinach, roasted shallots and cherry tomatoes - $13 (v)
Eggs Benedict with smoked salmon, arugula and hollandaise sauce on top of an English muffin or potato rosti - $12
8oz steak with potato gratin, glazed shallots, sauteed               cherry tomatoes, eggs (of your choice), toast - $17.50 
Sweet
Blueberry and cream cheese pancakes with
blueberry sauce - $8

Chocolate crepes filled with brandy sautéed apples with passion fruit sauce – $8 (v)
Banana Foster brioche French toast with, strawberries, blueberries, fresh whipped cream or vanilla ice-cream - $10

To make a reservation, please call the café on 617 436 2368
or e-mail dot2dotmanager@gmail.com, Come on down to Dot2Dot CAfe for an Open House Art Exhibit! The artwork is INCREDIBLE and so is the food! 
Here's what we're serving tonight: 

Kisir salad (bulgur wheat, scallions, peppers, mint, flat leaf parsley,  spanish onion, cumin, lemon, olive oil, tomato juice and walnuts) with D2D houmous and warm flatbread. - $8 
Mezze plate- kisir salad, houmous, spinach and feta parcels, roasted peppers with dill honey dressing and warm flatbread. -$12
Chickpea and Sweet potato stew -$6

Bread and butter pudding with vanilla ice cream- $6
Banana Walnut Bread with cream cheese (optional) -$4
Ginger scones with strawberry jam and whipped cream - $4

Coffee: 
Espresso, Cappuchino, Lattes and Iced. 

The even starts at 7 pm!, null, null, So a little birdy (no make that a bald eagle) tells me (and you) that we now have a new espresso machine. All those requests for skinny lattes, frothy cappuchinos and triple espresso shots are now served at Dot 2 Dot.  Ooooh and the machine is soooo pretty. Come grab a pastry and a coffee and spread the word.  

OPEN HOUSE ART EXHIBITION AT DOT 2 DOT THIS FRIDAY – MAY 3RD  , 7-9 pm.
Please come and join us this Friday to enjoy the new artwork that is gracing our walls, courtesy of Diane Sawyer (local artist).  You will be able to talk with the artist about her work, influences, motivation and relax with a mezze platter and coffee from our new espresso machine.  
LIVE MUSIC AND FRESH HERBS – SUNDAY MAY 3RD. Live music from Ali Manion and Mashashi Haginoya, 12-2pm and another chance to buy fresh, potted herbs for your garden from Ruth Roudiez, who will be on hand to give you expert advice., null, It wouldn't have been me if I hadn't forgotten to mention something!!  
The event on Friday - Professional Women of Color Network - Movie screening, dinner and discussion, takes place this Friday, April 26,  from 6pm to 8.30 pm.  

Sunday April  28 - Ruth Roudiez (our in-house expert gardener) will be selling potted fresh herbs and offering advice as to how to tend them and other plants.  Please feel free to ask her questions.  All plants in the cafe are for sale. 

Thanks everyone for being on the ball!!, A couple of things for you good folks to look out for. 

This Friday (April 26) Dot 2 Dot is hosting the Professional Women of Color Network for a Movie Screening, Dinner, and Discussion as part of the YWCA's Stand Against Racism. The evening will include canapes, catered by Dot 2 Dot Café, and a screening of Cracking the Codes: The System of Racial Inequality. Following the dinner and screening, we will engage in a thoughtful discussion facilitated by Katrina Huff-Larmond, MSW, Adjunct Professor for the School of Social Work at Simmons College.
YWCA Stand Against Racism Movie Screening & Discussion
$18 Admission fee (includes dinner)
Find more info about the film at http://crackingthecodes.org/news/.
To register in advance please rsvp to www.pwocnetwork.org 
Alisa Hunter, Founder & President
Professional Women of Color Network, Inc.
Strategy~Support~Strength
pwocnetwork.org
857.220.7577

Celebrate the month of May with Dot 2 Dot. This year marks our 5th anniversary and we would like to say a big thank you to all our supporters.  Come out and meet your neighbours, make new friends, make yourself a part of a community that cares about eachother in these very sad times.  Dot 2 Dot would not have made it to 5 years without that same community spirit and the many encouraging words that have urged us to keep going. 

The first Friday in May we would like to celebrate a local artist, Diane Sawyer, who will be exhibiting her work at the cafe through May, June and July.  Please join us at her opening where you will be able to talk to the artist and find out what influences her work.  Small savoury plates, deserts, coffee and drinks will be available for purchase.   7pm - 9pm - May 3rd.  Please rsvp to dot2dotmanager@gmail.com or diane@sawyerdesign.net or call the cafe on 617 436 2368., Kids movie afternoon - Friday April 19, 3pm.  'The Tale of Desperaux'.

Time for some escapism - kid's style.  Cute movie about a mouse with oversized ears and a mission to save the princess (well, of course there's a princess) and the entire kingdom from darkness.  Parent's come and take a load off - enjoy a cuppa and a bite to eat,  and we will feed your little angels with flatbread pizza, freshly made popcorn and juice.  $10 per child.  If we time it just right, they will be full, just getting tired and you could pretend that it's 8pm and time for bed.  Go out and buy some black-out blinds now.  
3pm tomorrow afternoon - please call the cafe if you would like to reserve a space.  Children are welcome to bring their own chairs., Last shout for today's cooking class.  Feel free to drop off your child (ages 8-12) for a 2.5 hour class.  Sensible clothes/shoes should be worn, bring an apron if you have one.  Cost per child - $20 Class starts at 2.30 pm., COOKING CLASS FOR KIDS AND MOVIE AFTERNOON

WEDNESDAY 17 - 2.30 pm
In this coming week of sun, rain and cries of 'what shall we do now' Dot 2 Dot is offering a cooking class to all those little darlings.  We will be making scones, pancakes and fruit cups which they will be able to take home.  Age requirement: 8 - 12 years old.  This will be a very hands-on class so sensible dress is advised.  The group will be a maximum of 12 children. Cost per child - $20  

FRIDAY 19 - 3pm

Come and join us with your kids for an afternoon movie.  We will be showing 'The Tale of Desperaux', an animated movie about the adventures of a mouse.  Kid's menu - flatbread pizza, freshly made popcorn and juice boxes.  Children must be accompanied by a parent.  Cost per child - $10

To book a space for either of these events, please call the cafe on 617 436 2368 or e-mail dot2dotmanager@gmail.com., Thursday April 4 from 6pm - Dinner and Book Club. 'Round House' by Louise Erdrich.  

Menu:
Risotto with saffron, lemon and basil with lemon sauteed shrimp - $16
 Sweet potato and chestnut mushroom gratin with arugula salad - $13
Moroccan baked chicken with chickpeas and basmati rice - $15
Mini pavlova with fresh fruit and whipped cream - $6 
Ginger and mint fruit salad - $6
Creme brulee - $6

If you would like to join us and want to reserve a space, please call the cafe on 617 436 2368 or send an e-mail - dot2dotmanager@gmail.com, null, null, Picture if you will a brave, courageous band of women*, going fearlessly where so many no longer dare to go – to a BOOKSHOP? A LIBRARY? As they don their hypo-allergenic bodysuits to protect them against the hazardous germs nestled in the book spines and risk potential allergic reactions to previous use of the said tome (tome now being anything that cannot be scrolled down) they go one step further into the unknown …… A DISCUSSION.  WITH OTHER REAL PEOPLE!!! Star Trek eat your heart out – here we risk paper cuts, dog-eared pages, having to listen to another’s point of view and not giving a monkeys whether half a million unknowns like it or not.  Could there be others out there Captain?  Who knows Scotty, who knows. 
All references bear no relation to any human being, animal, insect or alien, alive or dead.  
*The exclusion of men from this scenario is correct at the time of publishing as we have yet to have any join.  They are, of course, welcome at any time. 
DINNER AND BOOK CLUB - THURSDAY APRIL 4 FROM 6PM., Ali is here and some people have wandered in with their kids so maybe you guys are paying attention.  OPEN MIC TONIGHT - PROMPT START AT 6PM.  YES - I AM YELLING.  

Sweet potato, chickpea stew (v) - $10
Beef chilli with kidney beans - $12
Quinoa salad  (v) - $10
Brioche bread pudding - $6
Meringue with fruit and whipped cream - $6
Apple and blueberry crisp (v) - $6, DINNER AND OPEN MIC THIS FRIDAY - MARCH 29. PROMPT START AT 6PM. 
 So we have a bit of a conundrum.  Jeff  (our very loveable MC) has upped and moved away to Haarvaard (the one that’s an hour away) and won’t be able to get back to Barstan to strum along with the musical wannabees.  The very lovely Ali Manion has stepped into the breach for this Friday but maybe there’s someone out there who fancies themselves as a host.  Just putting it out there.  Send me an e-mail or call the café if you are interested. Open Mic starts promptly at 6pm this Friday.
  
On another thought …..   I have kept silent but now we have to talk about Les Mis.  Wolverine meets the Gladiator and neither resorts to metal claws or ball and chain.  Not a motorbike in sight or a metal skirt.  And they sing – quite passably even – for almost 3 hours. There would have been no movie without the pair of them.  BUT WHO DO THEY GIVE THE AWARD TO???  Whatserface just because she pulls out a tooth and gives herself a bad haircut?!  She’s only in the film for about half an hour.  By the end of the movie I’d forgotten all about her.  No, I take that back – by half-way through the film. Oh yes, and she sings (very well) and cries and we see all the snot and saliva but if you want to see completely uncontrolled sobbing, watch Truly, Madly, Deeply.  I was trying to push the tissue box through the screen.  Mr Jackman and Mr Crowe – I had 3 hours of complete escapism and, although I can’t remember any of the songs, it was a very enjoyable experience. Thank you gentlemen. 

“There are no such things as flying monkeys” my son tells me condescendingly.  “They’re called sugar gliders.” What does he know – there were plenty of them flying around in The Wizard of Oz., Friday night is LIVE MUSIC night this week with the ever-talented Tolieth and Austin Marks.  Door open from 6pm for dinner and music starts at 7pm.  Cover  charge of $5 goes to the band and please eat so that we can continue to be a venue for so much talent.  

Menu

Beef chilli with kidney beans and garlic bread - $12
Quinoa salad with arugula, cucumber, cherry tomatoes, feta cheese, red currants, toasted almonds, spanish onion, D2D dressing and warm flatbread - $10
Sweet potato and chickpea stew with warm flatbread - $10
Brioche bread pudding with caramel sauce and vanilla ice-cream - $6
Pavlova (meringue) with fresh fruit and whipped cream - $6
Apple and blueberry crisp (v) - $6

See you there!, I'M BACK FROM PLAYING WITH THE JOEYS and had a wonderful time down-under but I guess it's time to get back in the saddle. Lots of bits of information that I will keep doling out so that anyone heading out that way will have a fantastic experience, as we did.  When I have figured out how to get photos on, I will bore you all to death with pics of kangaroos who are just too too cute (especially the smaller females who eat straight from your hands just like little ladies) but the wombat - who we got to cuddle like a baby in a blanket - and the koala may have stolen the show.  Then again there were the flying monkeys ..... 
Flapjack junkies - promise there will be lots this weekend!, Morning everyone! Just a little reminder that Dot2Dot Cafe is open Thursday through Sunday, from 8 am until 2 pm! This schedule will remain until MARCH 19th. QUESTION IS, WHERE ARE YOU ALL? The griddle is waiting!, Gone in search of marsupials in the Outback. Apparently they can be found working on their abs on Bondi beach.  I can think of worse things to be watching in 80 degrees.  Celebrating my mmmph birthday while out here (courtesy of my better halfs expertise in the higher ed market) so don't get too mad.  It's not often that one turns 150 and I had to provide the light relief on the oh-so-long journey.  Watched Anna Karenina (loved the format of a stage play that was used but Keira K lacked the gravitas for the lead role - good only if you want to admire some great costumes), the Bond movie (Skyfall?) great action and a lot more real from the personal perspective, 'The Perks of being a Wallflower' - some interesting topics in otherwise run of the mill coming-of-age movie and 'Life of Pi' - just read the book, there was so much they couldn't cover.  Get the picture?  Down Under is a long, long, way away.  All this to say that the cat is on leave and the crew will be operating on a four day week until I return (Thursday through Sunday, 8am to 2pm). Thank you to the many well-wishers that somehow knew about my aging - Fey is that your fault??? Better hide yourself away with those smelling salts before I get hold of you.  I'm off to see a man with a paintbrush, a large canvas and a worthy rendition of 'Tie Me Kangaroo Down'.  Any takers?, OPEN MIC FRIDAY MARCH 1 - TOMORROW!!!

So we pushed it out by a week but for our troubles we did get the ever-excellent Alexi to host.  Which means you get to be accompanied by a lovely guy with a great voice (who can eat like a ..... wait words are failing me).  We love him, your going to love him so drop in and show us your talent or show your support for those brave enough to take the mic.  No cover charge but please eat ($10 min) as this is how we get to keep on doing this.  

Menu:  Thank you Leo for prompting me.

Garlic and parmesan chicken with pesto roasted butternut squash and a mixed salad - $14
Sweet chilli shrimp with stir fried noodles - $14
Piedmont roasted pepper (red pepper stuffed with tomatoes, garlic and basil) served with wild rice salad - $12
Flatbread pizza (ask for toppings) - $10
Brioche bread pudding with caramel sauce and vanilla ice-cream - $6
D2D Apple pie and vanilla ice-cream - $6
Vegan crepes with fresh fruit and chocolate sauce - $6

Doors open from 6pm. See you there., null, null, Many apologies to those of you who may be banging on our door at 8am tomorrow BUT our coffee machine is on the blink and I am trying to get hold of the technician so that he can wave his magic wand and charge me an arm and a leg for doing so.  It's that almost-5-year bug which is giving me a continuous headache - the timer on the oven has gone awol, the tap in the washing up area refuses to turn off and someone melted a hole in the bin (that's trash barrel to you all).  Yes, it absolutely takes a certain amount of insanity to run your own business but this is my bed and I will lie in it.  So - I'm just off to take a crash course in plumbing, another one in electrics and when I'm tired (ha ha) I'll take a break and plug the hole in the bin with my thumb.  Fingers (if I have any left to spare) crossed for all to be put to rights tomorrow and see you all bright and early on Wednesday. 
Thank you, thank you, thank you, to all those who turned out for Thursday's 'What does it take to build a village' discussion and the 'Gaining Ground' documentary on Friday.  I can supply the venue and food but it takes you all to make it an event.  Next step: positive actions. 
Dinner and Book Club - Thursday Feb 28, 6pm.
Dinner and Open Mic - Friday March 1, 6pm., TONIGHT – FRIDAY 22, 6.30pm - GAINING GROUND: BUILDING COMMUNITY ON DUDLEY STREET
Be the first to see the sequel to the ‘Breaking Ground’ documentary produced 20 years ago. The film shows how the residents , young people and community activists of Dudley Square fought to keep their community alive, worked together to fight the problems of arson for hire, illegal dumping, drugs and gangs.  20 years later, theirs is a story of success – with major funding allotted to the DSNI, the building of the Kroc Center, and nil foreclosures on properties that were reclaimed by the community. 
This is an important piece of work created by local film makers Llew Smith and Kelly Thomson of Vital Pictures and will be broadcast on PBS later this year.  After the screening, you are invited to take part in a discussion with the film makers, members of the DSNI and local residents. Admittance is free.  There is a hot buffet meal for $10 per head. 
Please call the cafe (617 436 2368) or e-mail dot2dotmanager@gmail.com if you would like to reserve a seat., Want to make your voice heard? Do you have something to say about your community?  Come in tonight and meet like-minded people who want to keep in touch with their neighbourhood and talk about strategies on how to build a village mentality.
DOT 2 DOT CAFE - 1739 Dorchester Avenue - right now!, null, null, EVENTS AT DOT 2 DOT CAFE THIS WEEK

THURSDAY FEBRUARY 21 – 6.00 pm
WHAT WILL IT TAKE TO BE A VILLAGE? 
An evening with Mel King, and other local participants, to discuss ideas and strategies on what it means to be a Villager, to change our perceptions of eachother and embrace the responsibility of dealing with issues in our neighbourhoods. Please come and join this discussion at Dot 2 Dot Café from 6pm on February 21.  Food and beverages will be available to purchase. 

FRIDAY FEBRUARY 22 -  6.30 pm 

“GAINING GROUND: BUILDING COMMUNITY ON DUDLEY STREET”
BY LOCAL FILM MAKERS LLEW SMITH (DORCHESTER) AND KELLY THOMSON (JAMAICA PLAIN)
What do you know about your neighbourhood?  Were you involved in any of the changes that have occurred over the past 20 years? Do you remember the Dudley Street initiative?  Do you have a story to share?  Please come and join us at Dot 2 Dot Café for the premiere screening of the follow-up documentary to “Breaking Ground” made over 20 years ago.  This sequel charts the progress of the DSNI and an area that has lived to survive, and celebrate, its change because of the people who were invested in their neighbourhood.  This documentary shows many inspiring stories and will be followed by a discussion with the film makers and members of the DSNI.  
There is no charge for the movie.  There will be a full buffet dinner available for $10 per head.
To RSVP, please call the café on 617 938 9342 or e-mail dot2dotmanager@gmail.com. 

PLEASE NOTE: OPEN MIC WILL TAKE PLACE ON FRIDAY MARCH 1, STAY HOME FOLKS.
Looks like Edward Scissorhands can't stop his hands from moving so here's another chance for building snowmen, igloos, shovelling, going sledding, making ice sculptures, more shovelling, having snowball fights, more shovelling ...... I'm afraid I have to call it on the cafe opening today as there are already weather warnings in place and I would like my staff to get home safely.  Stay home, keep warm, fingers crossed for no power cuts and enjoy ....... shovelling?, Ditch your wallet and pay with your phone at Dot 2 Dot Cafe! Get $1 the first time you pay here with LevelUp:

https://www.thelevelup.com/c/EU1H8Y5C6QDN4SGPALMVIJZ, VALENTINE DINNER - LAST CALL
So here’s the scenario.  You can’t get through to Winston Flowers because NPR has them solidly blocked and you’re not sure if the whole dozen red roses thing hasn’t been done to death.  Every restaurant has a double sitting for the evening so you are either going to be doing the fast/slow eating  scene from “Sleeper”, to the strains of Beethoven, or snoozing into your soup.  Not a good look.  
Perhaps it’s time to think outside the box. We have your back at Dot 2 Dot with a wonderful menu, http://dot2dotcafe.com/valentine-day-dinner-february-14/, a live band crooning your favourite song (if you put your request in) and enough time to take your time and enjoy some time spent with your loved one.  All you have to do is show up and look good.  Doors open from 6.30 pm – please make a reservation.
We’ve even got you covered if you didn’t get the flowers.  Courtesy of ‘Gardens by Ruth’ we have some beautiful examples of unusual-looking cacti (use your imagination – ‘Darling, this is for you because you are unique - and prickly’, or ‘This plant reminds me of you – something that can grow even in the toughest conditions and will blossom under my care’.  Yeah, okay, even my finger is down my throat – but you get my drift.  Roses are beautiful, but they die and these beauties will continue to live as long as you take care of them.  Yes, there’s a comparison there – don’t make me work too hard now.
Oh, and there’s more.  You can still save the day with some of our heart-shaped cupcakes which can be decorated with your message.  This is not the time to wax lyrical – it’s a cupcake okay! Cute and succinct should do the trick.  You have until tomorrow to order.  A prickly plant and monogrammed cupcakes – you might still be able to breathe easy. 
So, if after all that you still didn’t get organized, – stay home and watch “Sleepers” courtesy of the great Woody Allen.  At least you’ll have something to laugh about., February 10th  - 9am opening at Dot 2 Dot. 

If you're ready to do business with the white stuff out there, pass in and have some nosh first.  We will be open from 9am tomorrow (Sunday, Feb 10) and a good, hearty breakfast can do wonders for your aim with a snowball.  Away from the windows ok ......, LAST CALL FOR 10% DISCOUNT ON VALENTINE DINNER / ORDER YOUR PERSONALISED VALENTINE CUPCAKES

Between wanting to villify Comcast for their mind-numbingly slow pace at fixing the internet and wanting to eject my laptop through the nearest open window, I managed to forget to post the final reminder for the 10% discount on the Valentine dinner if booked before February 5.  So here's your final chance - if you book before midnight tonight (Feb 7) we will honour that offer.  Take a look at the website for the menu -  http://dot2dotcafe.com/valentine-day-dinner-february-14/ - and please note: there is only one seating and we are now up to half full.  Doors open at 6.30pm. Please call or e-mail to make a reservation. 
Valentine cupcakes will be available this weekend.  Put your special message on 3 cupcakes for $5.  Orders for Valentine Day must be placed by Sunday 10.  
If I feel like venting today, guess who I'll be calling ...., Craving Dot 2 Dot Cafe? Get $1 off when you pay with your phone. Join LevelUp here:

https://www.thelevelup.com/c/EU1H8Y5C6QDN4SGPALMVIJZ, LIVE MUSIC WITH BRUNCH (FEB 3), VALENTINE DINNER (FEB 14) AND PREMIERE OF GROUND-BREAKING DOCUMENTARY (FEB 22)
So one of the compensations for working in a kitchen is that while it’s lockjaw temperature outside, in here it’s nice and cosy.  This is very fortunate as I have seriously contemplated hibernation (isn’t that what you all do anyway) which would have to be an underground hidey-hole complete with back-to-back Gray's Monotony sound proofing to block out the ‘what do you mean you’re not open’ comments.  And here’s a thought: Why is Valentine’s Day in February? It’s not romantic to have to dress up with 3 layers of clothes and thermal underwear so that you’re teeth aren’t chattering like a monkeys and giving off all the wrong signals.  And that naked baby with the wings and bugle would have died of hypothermia before he even got off the ground. Not to mention his guest appearance in Gray's Autonomy for losing parts of his anatomy through frostbite.  But February it is, and the countdown is most definitely on.  We have a wonderful menu, live music from Ali Manion and band, one seating only, so no reason to rush, and a 10% discount if you order before February 5.  We have limited space and at least six tables have already been booked so if you want to join us for the evening, better get in there quick.  
If you are a local and are interested in the history of this area, then look out for the premiere of ‘Gaining Ground: Building Community on Dudley Street’.  We will be hosting this event on Friday, February 22 at 6.30 pm.  The movie is free and there is a full buffet dinner for $10. The documentary will be followed by a discussion from members of the DSNI and the film makers Llew Smith (Dorchester) and Kelly Johnson (Jamaica Plain)., I know it's freezing cold outside, but if you're getting cabin fever come on over and join us for OPEN MIC tonight - Friday Jan 25.  Dinner from 6pm - OM from 7pm. 

Menu:
Butternut squash and sage soup with borlotti beans served with warmed garlic flatbread (v) – $7.50
Quinoa with vegetable stir fry – peppers, zucchini, scallions, oyster mushrooms, bok choy, garlic, ginger, fried tofu and sweet chilli (v) – $9.50
Salmon ramen – fish soup with bok choi, scallions, garlic, ginger,  noodles, and teriyaki glazed salmon – $14
Roasted and sundried tomato risotto served with arugula and baby spinach salad (vegan) - $9.50
 Desserts:
Apple and blackberry crisp (v) – $6
D2D brioche bread pudding served with vanilla bean ice-cream – $6
Strawberry and kiwi pavlova – $6

$10 minimum spend per person - cheaper than a glass of wine downtown!!!, Whoops!  Sorry - Jan 25 for Open Mic (tomorrow).  Thank you Dot Stop!!, OPEN MIC THIS FRIDAY - FEBRUARY 25

If you are trying to ward off those winter blues while hugging a radiator and reaching for a box of tissues, I'm right with you. I have already had serious concerns about the potential risk of fingers snapping off and wonder why the steering wheel of a car isn’t heated, and how far can I drive without actually touching it. 

I was lucky enough to be interviewed on Touch 106.1 Wednesday morning by Mel King..It was a great opportunity to put Dot 2 Dot back out there and remind our community of the many other ways in which this space can be used.  I was very honoured to be asked by Mr King to join him – but I think that will be quite enough open mic for me. 

For those of you looking to get in everyones face – this Friday is your chance at Open Mic. Seems we might have a few comedians in the audience, judging by the e-mails. Bring it on people - just watch your language, there may be kids in the house. Sing, play an instrument, make us laugh, make us cry, come and eat! The $10 min spend per person helps us to continue to host these events and, given that a coke and a bag of popcorn would cost that before you even got to see the movie - I think it's pretty reasonable. Open Mic - this Friday, January 25. Dinner from 6pm. 

I know it seems like ages away, but before you (and I) know it , the big V day will be upon us. Depending on where you are standing it is either threatening, beckoning or about to blow up in your face. So, in helping you out, I have had to be super-organised and actually have a menu - see website, live acoustic music - courtesy of Alison Manion and band (www.alimanion.com) - and will be sellling our heart-shaped cupcakes which can be customised (if you are organised enough). If you can compose a three word sonnet, then Bob's your uncle. Otherwise succinctness will be greatly appreciated. Balls in your court now .......
(Valentine dinner - one sitting and reservations only. Tel. 617 436 2368 or e-mail dot2dotmanager@gmail.com), Radio interview with Mel King on Touch 106.1 tomorrow morning (Wednesday 23) at 9am. This is as close to Open Mic as I will ever want to be.  Notes to myself: don't talk too fast, don't mumble, try not to cackle (?).  Whatever.  You get what you get. Tune in if you can., This just in: you can now pay with your phone at Dot 2 Dot Cafe! Grab $1 now to spend when you pay with LevelUp:

https://www.thelevelup.com/c/EU1H8Y5C6QDN4SGPALMVIJZ, PLEASE NOTE: We will be closed for a private function this Friday evening (January 18).  Open for business as usual during the day.  HAPPY BIRTHDAY GRACE!!!  Or should I say Gwace., Don't miss the fabulous TOLIETH MARKS live at Dot2Dot Cafe this Friday (or technically this evening), and enjoy dinner as well! And if you're worried about seating, it's not too late! You can call the shop at 617 436 2368 or email dot2dotmanager@gmail.com, to make a reservation. $5 dollar coverage charge for band and $10 minimum spend per person. 

To go along with Miss Marks fantastic voice, we have some very tasty dishes! ON TONIGHT'S MENU IS: 

Butternut squash and borlotti bean soup served with
warm garlic flatbread - $7.50
Roasted and sun-dried tomato risotto served with arugula and baby spinach salad - $9.50
Beef and black bean chilli served with basmati rice
and avocado salsa - $13
Lemon chilli shrimp served with quinoa salad - $13

Tiramisu - $6
Lemon ricotta cheesecake with blueberry coulis - $6
Vegan apple and blueberry crisp - $6

Dinner starts at 6 pm! Come one, come all and most importantly, come hungry!, DINNER AND LIVE MUSIC THIS FRIDAY (11TH) AT DOT 2 DOT.  $5 cover charge and $10 minimum spend per person. 

Welcoming back the talented Tolieth Marks and band this Friday.  The $5 cover charge goes to the band and, as we are first and foremost a restaurant, we do ask that you eat, and eat, and then eat some more because, actually, our food is pretty damn good and the more you eat the more you make it possible for us to host music nights, art events, movie nights, etc.  Take a look at the menu below and if you would like to make a reservation, please call the cafe on 617 436 2368 or e-mail dot2dotmanager@gmail.com. OK, stop eating now and leave some room for Friday. 

Butternut squash and borlotti bean soup served with
 warm garlic flatbread - $7.50
Roasted and sun-dried tomato risotto served with arugula and baby spinach salad - $9.50
Beef and black bean chilli served with basmati rice
 and avocado salsa - $13
Lemon chilli shrimp served with quinoa salad - $13

Tiramisu - $6
Lemon ricotta cheesecake with blueberry coulis - $6
Vegan apple and blueberry crisp - $6, Live music today at Dot 2 Dot Cafe.  Come and have brunch and listen to Alison Manion (vocals and ukelele) and Mashashi Nakamura (guitar).  Don't think you are going to find that anywhere else on the Avenue! And it's a great way to wake up (??!!)
12-2pm - Be there, OPEN MIC - TOMORROW NIGHT - JANUARY 4 7PM

I agree, you would have to be crazy to come out in sub-zero temperatures, but crazy is as crazy does.  So if cabin fever is doing your head in - come out and join us for a few hours of live entertainment, great food and good company. Then you can all go back and hibernate ....

Menu:
Chicken noodle soup with bok choy, scallions, ginger, garlic, cilantro and lime - $8.50 

Butternut squash and sage soup with borlotti beans served with warmed garlic flatbread (v) - $7.50

Quinoa with vegetable stir fry – peppers, scallions, oyster mushrooms, bok choy, garlic, ginger, fried tofu and sweet chilli (v) - $9.50

Lemon peppered shrimp sauteed and served with quinoa salad – arugula, tomatoes, banana peppers, feta cheese, cucumber, grapes - $10.50

Bread and butter pudding served with vanilla ice-cream - $6

Vegan crepes with chocolate sauce and candied kumquats - $6

D2D apple pie served with vanilla ice-cream - $6

Sunday brunch with live music from Alison Manion and Mashashi Nakamura - 12 noon to 2pm, I’m in danger of losing my joy. 20 dead children took the Ho HoHo out of Christmas. While I watched my son and my friends children gathered around our table I couldn’t tell them how much I loved them for fear of crying and not being able to stop.  I know I’m not 
the only one who tucked their child into bed and wondered how those parents who lost their children would get through another day. There is no way to imagine their pain when it is the thing we most dread. It was the saddest way to end 2012.  
This Friday we will host an Open Mic.  I invite you all to express yourselves, whether it be by song, poetry, humour, spoken word.  I invite you to share in a community – to break bread with your brother be he black, white, yellow or red, gay or straight, young or old.  Take some time to find out who it is you live amongst and identify yourself as part of a community that cares about its people, cares about its children.  Together we can welcome in 2013 and make a positive choice to look out for our fellow men or women, to treat others as we would like to be treated, to be sure in our hearts that, right now, we can begin to make a difference. 
OPEN MIC – FRIDAY JANUARY 4TH FROM 6PM. 
SUNDAY JANUARY 6TH – BRUNCH WITH LIVE MUSIC FROM ALISON MANION and MASHASHI NAKAMURA, To all our budding musicians, poets, comedians et al, please note that tomorrow night's Open Mic session has been postponed until the following week due to this simply filthy weather, which is still better than an avalanche of snow.  Apologies for any inconvenience but now you can practice for an extra week.  Stay home and keep warm.  A very merry Christmas to you all. 
OPEN MIC NEXT FRIDAY - JANUARY 4TH., LAST CHANCE TO VOTE FOR BACK TO LIFE'S WINDOW DISPLAY

Come on people, if you haven't already voted you have just about 45 minutes more before the polls close.  Back to Life is in the lead at the moment, but let's make it a clear winner. Go to http://www.cityofboston.gov/deckthecity/windows/
and do your bit., DECEMBER (WHAT'S LEFT OF IT) EVENTS. 

A great turn out for the art event for Tracy Powell which took place on Friday evening. The exhibition will be on show for the rest of this month, so do come in and take a look - all work is for sale. 
 
Thank you for all the support on Sunday 9th when we were treated to live music from Ali Manion on vocals and ukelele and Mashashi Nakamura playing guitar.  They are both truly talented and it was a real pleasure to have them play.  If you missed them this time they will be back on January 6th. Check her out on www.alimanion.com or www.reverbnation.com/alimanion. 

FRIDAY DECEMBER 21 - Dinner and movie night - do we go with a big Christmas story, 'White Christmas', It's a Wonderful Life', 'The Shining' (lots of snow?), multiple versions of Scrooge (if Johnny Depp has played Scrooge, with the darkness of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, let me know). Or maybe a big musical?  I could watch Barbara Streisand in anything.  Maybe she and Johnny could collaborate. A mash-up of Sweeney Todd and Hello Dolly??? I will put my mind to it and have a selected movie by the end of  ...... soon. All suggestions are welcome. 

FRIDAY DECEMBER 28 - Escape from the 'Return of the Turkey - Part II, Nightmares of a Turkey Farmer' and join us for the last 2012 Open Mic. I am asking/blackmailing my trusty staff to get involved so we have a tuba player, a violinist and a theater major who will be treading the boards.  One not to be missed, I think. 
  
Oh - and DON'T FORGET THE PIES. We will be selling more of our pies for the holidays - choices are: apple, apple and blueberry, pumpkin and caramelised walnut and individual sweet minced fruit pies. 10" pies - $16 and box of 6 mince pies - $10.50 (excl. tax). Deadline for orders is December 19.  We will be closed for the 24/25/26th so pick-up for pies is Sunday 23rd. 

Have a good one!

 

That's it for now folks.  I'm dancing off down the road to the soundtrack of Loony Tunes. Cheers Eric., WE'RE HAVING LIVE MUSIC WITH BRUNCH! TODAY! GET DOWN HERE AND COME HUNGRY!, EVENTS FOR DECEMBER AT DOT 2 DOT AND HOLIDAY PIES

Before all the holiday madness begins, here's a few dates to put in your virtual diaries:

FRIDAY DECEMBER 7 - private event for art showing, by invitation only.  Sorry guys, but do come in any other time and see the beautiful photography on the walls, courtesy of Tracy Powell.  They will be on show for the rest of the month.  All work is for sale. 

SUNDAY DECEMBER 9 - Ali Manion on vocals and ukelele and  Mashashi Nakamura playing guitar.  Check her out on  www.alimanion.com  or www.reverbnation.com/alimanion and then come and see her live!!

FRIDAY DECEMBER 21 - Dinner and movie night - give me some feedback here.  Do we go Christmassy or how about a great big, sing your heart out, musical.  What's your poison? 

FRIDAY DECEMBER 28 - Escape from the 'Return of the Turkey - a never-ending story' and join us for the last 2012 Open Mic. 

Oh - and don't forget the pies.  We will be selling more of our pies for the holidays - choices are: apple, apple and blueberry, pumpkin and caramelised walnut and individual sweet minced fruit pies. 10" pies - $16 and box of 6 mince pies - $12 (excl. tax).  Deadline for orders December 19., EVENTS FOR DECEMBER AT DOT 2 DOT AND HOLIDAY PIES

Before all the holiday madness begins, here's a few dates to put in your virtual diaries:

FRIDAY DECEMBER 7 - private event for art showing, by invitation only.  Sorry guys, but do come in any other time and see the beautiful photography on the walls, courtesy of Tracy Powell.  They will be on show for the rest of the month.  All work is for sale. 

SUNDAY DECEMBER 9 - Ali Manion on vocals and ukelele and  Mashashi Nakamura playing guitar.  Check her out on  www.alimanion.com  or www.reverbnation.com/alimanion and then come and see her live!!

FRIDAY DECEMBER 21 - Dinner and movie night - give me some feedback here.  Do we go Christmassy or how about a great big, sing your heart out, musical.  What's your poison? 

FRIDAY DECEMBER 28 - Escape from the 'Return of the Turkey - a never-ending story' and join us for the last 2012 Open Mic. 

Oh - and don't forget the pies.  We will be selling more of our pies for the holidays - choices are: apple, apple and blueberry, pumpkin and caramelised walnut and individual sweet minced fruit pies. 10" pies - $16 and box of 6 mince pies - $12 (excl. tax).  Deadline for orders December 19., TIE A KNOT IN YOUR ELEPHANT TO REMEMBER THAT TONIGHT IS OPEN MIC.  Hope we haven't left-footed too many of you by changing the day - it's only for this month. The multi-talented Alexi Paraschos is helping us out tonight so, even if you dont want to sing, you know he's worth listening to.  Come in out of the cold and grab the mic for your 5 minutes of (relatively inconspicuous) fame.  

DINNER AND OPEN MIC – THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 29

Butternut squash soup with borlotti beans and garlic aoili(v) - $6.50
Seared beef salad with pears and blue cheese - $7
Flatbread with sundried tomato tapenade, anchovies, capers, caramelised onions and arugula - $6.50

Glazed pork belly with roasted apples and sage polenta - $15
Pan fried cod with savoy cabbage and bacon served on a potato rosti - $15
Wild mushroom risotto - $13

SWEET
Deep lemon tart with creme fraiche - $6
Cardamom infused rice pudding with honeyed peaches - $6
Caramelised apples with vegan crepes and drizzled chocolate - $6

Help us to keep Dot 2 Dot Open Mic nights running by spending a $10 minimum per person.  Thank you., WHAT'S HAPPENING AT THE DOT THIS WEEK?

I know this is the time for everyone to start hibernating and praying for underground malls, but if you feel so inclined to venture out in your neighbourhood, we will be serving dinner on Wednesday and Thursday of this week. 

WEDNESDAY 28 - Dinner and book club (no, you don't have to be a member and you can choose to read or not).  Everyone is welcome and if you just want to come and hang out for dinner, start your own book club, wax lyrical on whatever episode of Scandal/Grays Anatomy/Mad Men/Glee you have watched (sorry, I meant read) - then all the  better. My motto is - the more, the merrier. Would anyone like to discuss Downton Abbey with me??!

THURSDAY 29 - Dinner and Open Mic Night.  We had to shift it up a day because both my MC's are away playing gigs and the only way we could get someone here was to change the date.   Tattoo the date on your forehead, start gargling, floss those pearly whites and mosey on up to the mic. To make a reservation, please call the cafe or send an e-mail.   Hope to see you there. 

Dinner menu is up on the website - not a hint of turkey anywhere. 
http://dot2dotcafe.com/menus/#dinner, APOLOGIES TO THOSE OF YOU WHO MAY HAVE TURNED UP THIS MORNING.  YES - WE ARE CLOSED TODAY AND IT LOOKS LIKE I FORGOT TO POST THE NOTICE ON THE DOOR.  VERY, VERY SORRY.  WE WILL BE OPEN AGAIN TOMORROW., POST GOBBLING EVENTS CALENDAR - BOOK CLUB 11/28 
 - OPEN MIC 11/29 - LIVE MUSIC AND BRUNCH 12/9

If you are lying prostrate over a large carcass of a once feathered friend, you may need something to do this coming week other than running from turkey pie, turkey sandwiches, turkey pot roast,
turkey soup.  
SATURDAY NOVEMBER 24 - Small Business Saturday.  Go and check out what's happening on your doorstep - raffles, prizes, Cash Mob christmas party.  A $7.50 spend at Dot 2 Dot will get you a free small coffee or small pastry. 

DINNER AND BOOK CLUB - WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 28TH. 'The Sandcastle Girls' by Chris Bohjalian.

**** STOP PRESS ***** NEXT OPEN MIC IS THIS THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 29TH.  
Both MC's have gigs this Friday so we have moved Open Mic to Thursday for this month.  ALEXI PARASCHOS will be manning the mic and encouraging you all to get up and do your thang. 

DECEMBER 9 - LIVE MUSIC AND BRUNCH.  Alison Manion - vocal and ukelele and Mashashi Nakamura on guitar.  Check out her website www.alimanion.com., LAST CHANCE TO ORDER THANKSGIVING PIES.

I hope there are lots of you out there reminiscing about Oliver Twist!  I did think about having my D2D colleagues perform one of the numbers from the film but with only 5 of us it was somewhat challenging to be milk maids, road sweepers, delivery boys and flower girls simultaneously, all singing in cockney English.  Ah well .... next time. 

If you haven't already ordered your pie and are now desperately scrambling around for something to take to your Thanksgiving party - YOU HAVE UNTIL MIDNIGHT TONIGHT TO ORDER.  You can call the cafe on 617 436 2368 or email dot2dotmanager@gmail.com.  See - I've got your back.  The clock is ticking ......., THANKSGIVING PIES
SUNG TO THE TUNE OF ‘FOOD, GLORIOUS FOOD’

Pies, glorious pies, 
Four flavours to choose from.
Apple, blueberry, pumpkin,
Lemon too, if you want some. 
There is no-thing better than
Fresh apple and ice-cream,
(read ‘proper’ cream if you’re a Brit)
Pâté sucre so crisp and sweet
Think I’m in a day-dream.

Pies, glorious pies, 
Which one is the question?
Can I eat all four
With-out indigestion?
I could be the perfect guest
Bring-ing one to din-ner,
Thanksgiving is just next week
It’s a win-ner.

So pies, glorious pies, 
Fabulous pies, 
Wonderful pies
Look at those eyes
What a surprise
They’ve almost gone
And I’ve had none ……….

Next year, I’ll have to remember to order more!!

Keep 'em coming folks - deadline for ordering is Sunday 18th.
Apple, apple and blueberry, pumpkin with caramelised walnuts, deep lemon tart - $16 each

A big thank you to those who came out to support Tolieth and her band.  It was a fun evening with a lot of foot tapping, hand clapping and singing along.  The blank stares that met my exhortations to dance were, I realise, because nobody understood a word I was saying.  So what's new?  Dance/dance - I can't see me adopting an American accent any time soon so I may have to give practical demonstrations.  Don't all rush the doors now .....

Knitting brunch tomorrow I believe.  Please call the cafe for details. 
'And it's goodnight from me.  And it's goodnight from him'.  Who said this at the end of each show? Answers on a postcard,napkin, loo roll, hand. First correct answer gets a free flapjack. G'night., PLEASE NOTE: DOT 2 DOT CAFE WILL BE CLOSED FOR COOKER HOOD AND RESTAURANT CLEANING ON TUESDAY 13 AND WEDNESDAY 14 NOVEMBER.  WE APOLOGISE FOR ANY INCONVENIENCE.  
THANK YOU., For those fans of the sweet potato and chickpea stew - it's on tonights menu.  I forgot to put it on the last post. Wow - I may actually get to understand the usefulness of social media!, TONIGHT - LIVE MUSIC AT DOT 2 DOT CAFE - MS. TOLIETH MARKS AND BAND.  SOUL, JAZZ, GOSPEL, CONTEMPORARY POP.
$5 COVER CHARGE TO GO TO BAND. DINNER FROM 6PM, MUSIC FROM 7PM. 

Does anyone remember the Trio advert with the girl with the really big mouth who they shut in a sound proof box? Imagine this is me - yelling through a loudspeaker getting the word out to those of you in the hood who want something to do this evening. (If you didn't have to imagine too hard, keep it to yourself.)
Live music - really good live music - right here on your doorstep (well not quite, I'll leave that to the carol singers) and great food at very, very reasonable prices.  Come on out and see what Friday night at the Dot is like!
Tonight's menu:
SAVOURY
FLAT BREAD PIZZAS WITH ITALIAN COLD CUTS, ARUGULA, TOMATO OR PESTO SAUCE - $12
VEG. FLAT BREAD PIZZA WITH TOMATOES, SPINACH, CARAMELISED ONIONS, MUSHROOMS, BASIL - $10
PASTA SALAD – GRAPES, CHERRY TOMATOES, SUNDRIED TOMATOES, ARUGULA, BANANA PEPPERS, BLUE CHEESE, GARLIC  OIL - $10   ADD BACON - $12
‘WELSH RAREBIT’ – OPEN GRILLED EGGY CHEESE SANDWICH WITH SUNDRIED TOMATO, ROASTED ONIONS AND ARUGULA - $8
DESSERTS
BANANA AND WALNUT BREAD WITH CARAMELISED BANANAS AND VANILLA ICE-CREAM - $6
CREAMY RICE PUDDING SERVED WITH POACHED PLUMS - $6
APPLE AND PLUM CRISP (v) SERVED WITH SOY ICE-CREAM - $6, What's happening down at the Dot this week?  Put this one in your diary:
LIVE MUSIC THIS FRIDAY (NOVEMBER 9)
 FROM TOLIETH MARKS
Ladies and Gents please come and join us this Friday for an evening of good food and great music, courtesy of Tolieth and Austin Marks.  Tolieth can nail any tune from gospel, soul, jazz and some very cool renditions of mainstream pop.  Look out for some very funky music, serious jazz on the keyboards and some drumming to get those toes tapping.  $5 charge on the door to go to the band.  Accessible menu, great family atmosphere so come eat, drink and boogie if the music moves you.  
To book a table, please call the café on 617 436 2368 or e-mail dot2dotmanager@gmail.com.  Dinner from 6pm, music from 7pm. 

And not forgetting those pies - dream pies, sleep pies, think pies but start getting your orders in cos, if I say so myself, they are pretty damn good., Thanksgiving Pies

After consuming vast amounts of sweeties and extricating yourself from costumes that seemed like a good idea at the time (Batman had wardrobe dressers you know), you may want to think about
pies for Thanksgiving.   Past reviews have ranged from the 'OMG that was amazing', to 'I hid it because I didn't want to share it' (that's the spirit of Thanksgiving!) and unprintable expletives to describe just how good it was (?!).  So, I guess people like them. 

If you are interested in purchasing Thanksgiving Pies, Dot 2 Dot will be offering the following assortment:
Apple
Apple and Blueberry
Deep lemon
Pumpkin and caramelized walnut* 
*walnuts optional
There has also been some interest in ordering the D2D Bread and Butter pudding.  
All pies will be priced at $16 (excluding meals tax) and come in one 12” size.  We use our home made pate sucre (sweet, egg enriched pastry), slice fresh apples and coat them in cinnamon and sugar, make the creamy lemon filling and caramelize the walnuts.  All pies are made with our tenet – everything made from scratch. 
Please place your order by Sunday, November 18.  Pies must be collected by 6pm on November 21.  If you wish to pick up your pie earlier than the 21st, please talk to a staff member and we will be happy to accommodate.  Orders can be taken by phone (617 436 2368) or e-mail (dot2dotmanager@gmail.com).  
Thank you for your continued support.  To all you Batmen out there - check that your tights are on the right way and have a great Halloween., Open Mic Menu

Angel hair pasta with D2D pesto and garlic shrimp - $13
Flatbread pizzas (ask for choices) - $10
Sweet potato and chickpea stew (v) with warm pita bread - $8.50
Vegetable stir fry (scallions, peppers, bok choi, ginger, garlic, 
mushrooms) with marinaded tofu and coconut rice - $11
Beef stir fry (as above) with coconut rice - $13

Bread and butter pudding with vanilla ice-cream - $6
D2D apple pie with vanilla ice-cream - $6
Double chocolate brownies with coffee ice-cream - $6
Vegan plum and apple crisp with soy ice-cream - $6

If you wish to reserve a table, please call 617 436 2368.  Thank you., Open Mic Menu

Angel hair pasta with D2D pesto and garlic shrimp - $13
Flatbread pizzas (ask for choices) - $10
Sweet potato and chickpea stew (v) with warm pita bread - $8.50
Vegetable stir fry (scallions, peppers, bok choi, ginger, garlic, mushrooms) with marinaded tofu and coconut rice - $11
Beef stir fry (as above) with coconut rice - $13

Bread and butter pudding with vanilla ice-cream - $6
D2D apple pie with vanilla ice-cream - $6
Double chocolate brownies with coffee ice-cream - $6
Vegan plum and apple crisp with soy ice-cream - $6

If you wish to reserve a table, please call 617 436 2368.  Thank you., Oooh so people do get excited about Open Mic.  To those of you who have enquired – YES, TOMORROW (FRIDAY) IS OPEN MIC NIGHT SO COME ON DOWN.  I actually really need you to turn out in large numbers otherwise I may be forced to cook with My Little Pony in the kitchen.  Our Pinky is surpassing herself in her search for the ultimate Halloween costume and a throw-away comment about having the perfect hair for MLP has resulted in a major search for a pink adult romper suit.  You get the picture, right?  And what about songs for Halloween?   ‘Thriller’ (of course), ‘Monster Mash’ (please, please, please someone come and perform that), ‘Werewolf in ….. somewhere?’  I can hear the song in my head and there‘s a lot of ‘aah wooos’ . Blue Oyster Cult’s ‘Godzilla’ – thanks to Kid’s Place Live – Dirk, (the 4th and forgotten chipmunk) we love you.  
The floor is open for all you musicians, poets, comedians (MLP will give you enough comic fodder (ha ha – sorry), and anyone who has something to say.  Join us for dinner at 6pm, music kicks off at 7pm.  There is no cover charge but we do encourage you to eat ($10 min per person) so that we can continue to host Open Mic’s at Dot 2 Dot. And if anyone wants to come in costume, go for it.  Pinky will be tickled …… pink.
OPEN MIC – FRIDAY OCTOBER 26.  DINNER FROM 6PM., ‘HOCUS POCUS’ - Dinner and Movie Night – October 19
Three witches resurrected after 300 years wanting to be forever young pre lipo suction.  A black cat who can’t get rid of his 9 lives.  Two teenagers who haven’t yet purchased Gameboy 125 so their heads are still up, and trying to get rid of the chaos-making witches is better than a night in front of the TV.  And where are the adults?  Apparently putting down their ‘Night Fever’ moves at the Halloween Ball where they can’t stop dancing even if they wanted to.  So if you want something else to occupy your brain other than the Presidential debates – this might just about do it.  Fancy dress? Your call. 
Serving dinner from 6pm.  Movie starts at 7pm.  Adults: $20  Kids: $12  Menu on D2D page
PLEASE RSVP TO ALLOW US TO ARRANGE SEATING.  THANK YOU., Dinner and Movie Night at Dot 2 Dot Café
FRIDAY OCTOBER 19TH.
Dinner starts at 6 and the movie starts at 7. 

‘HOCUS POCUS’

Set menu – adults, $20 – kids, $12

Appetisers

Arugula and baby spinach salad with cherry tomatoes, grilled fennel, grapes, caramelized walnuts, banana peppers and D2D dressing*
(*blue cheese or feta, optional)

Warmed garlicky flatbread with D2D houmous and vegetable platter

Main course

Angel hair pasta with garlic shrimp and pesto
Parmesan garlic chicken with roasted vegetables
Quinoa with roasted vegetables and arugula

Desserts

Bread and butter pudding served with vanilla ice-cream
Tropical fruit salad 
D2D warm apple pie served with vanilla ice-cream

Kids menu – choice of 1 savoury and 1 dessert
Sweet and salty popcorn
Flatbread pizza (choices: pepperoni, mozzarella, tomato, mushrooms, ham, pineapple)
Spaghetti with crispy bacon and parmesan OR fresh tomato and basil sauce
Caramel bananas with vanilla ice-cream 
Tropical fruit salad

PLEASE RSVP FOR MOVIE DINNER NIGHT SO THAT WE CAN ARRANGE ROOM ACCORDINGLY. THANK YOU, THIS FRIDAY – OCTOBER 12
THE LATE, LATE ? MENU

SAVOURY
8 oz Steak with Béarnaise sauce, roasted herb potatoes, sautéed spinach and grilled asparagus -$18
Smoked Salmon and poached eggs with hollandaise sauce and arugula on a potato and scallion rosti -$15
Roasted Vegetable Frittata with roasted sweet potato wedges - $13
Savoury Vegan Crepes stuffed with roasted vegetables, portabella mushrooms, spinach and sweet chili sauce.-$15

SWEET
Brioche French Toast Sundae! - $7
(Includes vanilla ice cream and freshly made chocolate sauce.)
D2D Bread & Butter pudding with ice cream. -$6
Warm apple pie with ice cream. -$6
Vegan Crepes with caramelized bananas, freshly made chocolate sauce
 and soy ice-cream -$6

There is a ten dollar minimum per person, Apologies for late schedule.  I think it may have something to do with the whole mañana complex or maybe my days feel so much longer than 24 hours that I really think I have a week to tell everyone what’s happening.  Anyway, before Pinky has a meltdown in the kitchen here’s what we have for you this month:

Friday 12th – The Late Late ?  Call it what you like but come out and join us for a very grown-up twist on breakfast.

Thursday 18th – Knitting brunch, 10am to 1pm. 

Friday 19th – Dinner and Movie Night.   Working up to Halloween, here’s a night out for the family with the movie ‘Hocus Pocus’ (rated PG).  After 300 years, three sister witches are resurrected in Salem Massachusetts on Halloween night, and it us up to two teenagers, a young girl, and an immortal cat to put an end to the witches reign of terror once and for all. Dinner from 6pm, movie starts at 7.  Set menu: adults $20, kids $12.

Thursday 25th – Dinner and book club, ‘Great Expectations’ by Charles Dickens

Friday 26th – Dinner and Open Mic.  Here’s your chance to strut your stuff in costume or not.  How many versions of ‘Monster Mash’ do you know? Are there any good Halloween songs out there? Pinky is desperate to dress up for this one – feel free to join her., If you didn't make it to 'Ragtime' - shame on you.  Right here in the hood, in that beautiful old Strand theatre, they gave us a night to remember.  Great music, wonderful dancing, gripping story.  Yes, I'll grant that I could not understand every word and have been mulling over the UK/USA divide (or was it just bad diction which, honestly, applies to at least half of what I listen to on the radio.  At least on the stage I had a 50/50 chance of lip reading.) A truly good night out and BRAVO to John, the cellist.  I told you we would come!, It's all quiet at the Dot this Friday.  Babies  have their own agenda and baby showers be damned - 'I'm on my way out Mama and there's nothing YOU can do about it'.  Congratulations to new Mum and Dad.  So here I am with a free Friday evening and while we may be quiet, check out what else is happening in your part of the hood.  
If you are a regular in the Ashmont neighbourhood you have to have seen the new Chiropractor (next door to Tavolo) and you definitely couldn't find a nicer guy to take away some of the physical stress we all carry around with us.  Congratulations Anil and Philippe - you made it.  Go by and say hello, and when you see the place, you'll be booking your first appointment without a second thought.
At that beautiful grande dame of theatres - The Strand - they are performing ‘Ragtime’ , a musical that tells the story of three separate groups living in the USA; African-American, White and Jewish  represented by three families, each in search of their own dream which, ultimately, are one and the same.  You only have until Sunday to catch this play and if you have a chance to read a synopsis, you will not want to miss it.  Oh, and sending out a big HELLO to the cellist who came in a couple of weeks ago when the production was still in rehearsals.  I hope the French toast, fresh fruit and whipped cream had you all set for that afternoon.  See you tomorrow.  I’ll be the one yelling ‘GIVE IT UP FOR THE CELLIST’, IT'S TIME TO MAKE SOME NOISE PEOPLE.  This Friday is Open Mic at Dot 2 Dot and the mic is yours if you have something to say, sing, laugh about or ... mime? Whatever your chosen form of communication is, if you want to put it out there Friday night is the night.  All in favour say Aye.  Or is that Ay?  Definitely not 'eye' but then again it is all about the 'I'.  See you/ewe/yew there.  
DINNER AND OPEN MIC THIS FRIDAY (SEPTEMBER 28) FROM 6PM., What is a tea cosy?  For all you coffee drinkers it might as well be a flying saucer but think war time grannies sheltering in the underground (it's a long story) and you are half-way there.  Wise words from my better half - 'it's a waste of time from an era when everything was covered in doilies'???? Yes, we strange Brits found it imperative to keep our cuppa hot by placing a knitted hat over the teapot (why have a microwave when you could dress up the teapot?)  Join us for knitting brunch and knit for Queen and country or for your dog, your chair leg, your plant, your TV .........  

Knitting brunch - tomorrow (Thursday 20) from 10am. All are welcome., Dinner and Movie Night - 'The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert'. 
It would appear that the large white rabbit is still with me but I am going to have to make a huge effort to get him back in the box before it all gets a little Darko.  Thank goodness for others who are paying more attention.  Yes - it is this Friday (definitely this Friday, definitely the 14th) (OF SEPTEMBER) we will be hosting another Dinner and Movie Night.  DOORS OPEN FROM 6PM FOR DINNER, MOVIE STARTS AT 7PM.  It would be very helpful if RSVP's were sent, so that we can re-arrange the cafe to accommodate the screen and make sure that everyone can see. 

I have to go now and shrink myself down to the size of my thumb so that I can fit through the looking glass in search of Bugs Bunny., DINNER AND MOVIE NIGHT  - FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 14
Three men, a bus and the Australian outback.  No fishing, no hunting, no crocodiles.  Think loud, raucous, exotic and totally OTT and you get three men in drag, a bus called Priscilla, and a road trip from Sydney to Alice Springs.  ‘The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert’ is a road trip with laugh out loud comic moments as well as being tender and thoughtful.   Released in 1994, it was implemental in bringing Australian cinema to world attention and its positive portrayal of LGBT individuals helped to bring LGBT themes to a mainstream audience. It won an Academy Award for Best Costume Design.  Outstanding performances from Terence Stamp, Guy Pearce and Hugo Weaving – rated R. 

DINNER MENU – Set menu $25 per person
Appetisers
Za’alouk (eggplant with tomatoes, garlic, harissa, paprika, cilantro, lemon) and warmed pita bread (v)
OR
Zucchini and caramelized onion ciabatta ‘pizza’
OR
Savoury crepe with roasted vegetables, sundried tomato and parmesan
Main Course
Chilli-Mojito Quinoa Salad with black beans, Dot 2 Dot houmous and Lebanese flatbread (v)
OR
Seared steak salad with arugula, baby spinach, watercress, Spanish onion, peach, roasted sweet onion and cucumber
OR
Shrimp noodles with cilantro pesto
Dessert
Plum clafoutis 
OR
Rosemary panna cotta with apricot compote
OR
Poached peaches and raspberries with coconut ice-cream (v)

PLEASE RSVP FOR THIS EVENING TO ALLOW US TO RE-ARRANGE THE CAFÉ FOR THE MOVIE. THANK YOU., THIS IT FOLKS! WWE ARE OFFICIALLY OPEN FOR BREAKFAST TONIGHT! Here's what's on the menu: 

-8 oz Steak with Béarnaise sauce, roasted herb potatoes and sautéed spinach. -$18
-Smoked Salmon and poached eggs with hollandaise sauce and arugula on a potato rosti or English muffin. -$15
-Roasted Vegetable Frittata and roasted herb potatoes. - $13
-Savoury Vegan Crepes stuffed with roasted vegetables, portabella mushrooms, spinach and sweet chili sauce.-$15

Dessert: 

-Brioche French Toast Sundae! - $7
(Includes vanilla ice cream and freshly made chocolate sauce.)
-D2D Bread & Butter pudding with ice cream. -$6
-Warm apple pie with ice cream. -$6
-Vegan Crepes with caramelized bananas with freshly made chocolate sauce. -$6

We'll also be doing coffee shakes and milkshakes! 
COME ONE. COME ALL. AND COME HUNGRY. 
Dinner starts at 6., Be grateful you haven't had to read several e-mails from yours truly because I have had great difficulty aligning the day with the date.  

So has anyone else seen the lifesize rabbit running around with a stopwatch?  Clearly I am in denial that we are anywhere near September, never mind the date.  

Apparently, in a parallel universe, normal people are happy that it is Friday the 7th because it is the introduction to their weekend.  Thank you to those of you who are trying to ground me in an attempt to make me realise that today, YES TODAY, is FRIDAY.  I'm taking slow steps but maybe by next month I'll have it down that we are in 2012.  Maybe ......

LATE, LATE BREAKFAST - FRIDAY 7TH - TODAY!!!! DOORS OPEN FROM 6PM., Well I don’t know, and you will have to forgive me for trying to 

Well I don’t know, and you will have to forgive me for trying to get this baby to run, but I really think the Late, Late Breakfast could be a winner.  I know I have, on more than one occasion, wanted to eat pancakes or French toast for dinner without any problem.  I have witnessed many a hang-over that has been cured by a quantity of bacon, home fries and some eggs over easy and, no, D you were not (over) indulging in the name of scientific research.  Granted we may be offering these culinary delights before your evening has really started but at least you have left with your stomach lined.  I would love to be providing the libations  but, alas, the powers that be have yet to look down on us with a beneficient smile and the words ‘Go forth ye purveyors of fine food and make some real money’.  For those of you with a mathematical bent (or just the ability to think outside the box) perhaps 2,25,15,2 will unlock the door.  The first person to give me the correct answer IN PERSON will receive a free Irish breakfast – or a vegan equivalent.  
So girls and boys, come out to play, enjoy some great food and get happy with the old school sound track.  Requests can be taken if you e-mail them in advance.  The menu?   Trust me, I’ve got your back!, This is it folks! Open Mic Night has arrived, and dinner is looking positively delicious! Tonight we will be doing: 

Flatbread Pizzas with Italian cold cuts or veggies, both ranging from 10 to 12 dollars, vegan pasta salad also 10 dollars or you could have the open grilled cheese sandwich for 12 dollars. Dinner is a minimum ten dollars per head. 

Dinner starts soon, so come hungry! Music begins at 7, so don't leave your talent at home!, Just a quick reminder to everyone - this Thursday (tomorrow - where did this week go?) is dinner and book club, Edith Wharton's  'The House of Mirth' is up for discussion but feel free to attend.  Bring your own book club or just hang out and have dinner.  
Friday night (Aug. 30) is Open Mic.  We are very pleased to have Alexi Paraschos as our MC this Friday.  Apparently I have to stop embarrassing him when I mention that he is very talented and such a nice guy and his music makes us really happy and how we all just sit and sob into our napkins because ........ well, just because.  Even better - we have a visitor from my home town who is also a singer/songwriter putting her stuff out there on the music circuit.  Charlene you better not be late because of that 'just one more cuppa'.  I can make you tea here!!  So it would seem that all the stars are aligned to make it a great night. All talents are welcome - if you want to throw some spoken word or stand-up comedy into the mix, be my guest. Where is Simon Callow when you need him - apparently in cahoots with the X Factor which sounds like some kind of male deodorant don't you think ?
Open from 6pm both nights - no cover charge but minimum spend $10 per person., Every so often we have to say goodbye to some of our friends at Dot 2 Dot and in the coming weeks we will lose Nii Ayetey and Izak (apparently at least one of them is my son – I did tell you I'm close on 70 yrs young).  All of this to say Dot 2 Dot is looking for another staff member to join our team of crazies.  Someone who can laugh after the 500th ‘gimme', not afraid of hard work, can sing along with George Michael/Jackson while cleaning at the end of a shift.  Punctuality, responsible attitude, good customer service and a willingness to do anything and everything that might be thrown at you during a regular day.  Hours are 7.45am  –  2.30pm (or later), some evening shifts required.  SERIOUS APPLICANTS ONLY PLEASE – send resume to dot2dotmanager@gmail.com. May the force be with you., Apologies for the silence at this end – it’s taken about a week to readjust and I am still getting into the passenger seat looking for the steering wheel and the gear stick.  But, yes, we’re back (me and Lizzie) from the euphoria that threatened to turn everyone on that side of the pond into smiley, happy people who wanted to share the news in their daily paper instead of hiding behind it.  Did I consume a lot of ‘proper’ cream? What do you think?  There was no way to get 10 pints of clotted cream past customs so I’m thinking of buying a Jersey cow and installing her in the back of the café.  Any suggestions on how to get a permit for this before the chosen cow dies of old age would be greatly appreciated. 
We have lots in store for you – newcomers and faithful loyals.  Next week (August 30) it’s Dinner and Book Club with the chosen title from Edith Wharton – ‘The House of Mirth’.  All are welcome to join or bring your own book club.  Friday August 31 – it’s OPEN MIC.  Judging by the amount of e-mail enquiries I have received, there’s a whole host of people who want a venue to perform at.  Let the games begin people.  Looking forward to a packed house and lots of wannabees strutting their stuff.  
Keep your diaries clear for next month’s events:
September 7 - the Late, Late Breakfast (breakfast with a twist)
September 14 – Dinner and Movie Night – ‘Priscilla, Queen of the Desert’
September 20 – Knitting brunch
September 21 – Live music (tbc)
September 27 – Dinner and Book Club
September 28 – Open Mic
It’s nice to be back., Well folks, it's time to get all British on you and visit dear old Blighty in search of Robert Downey Jr who is still lost in the fog and smoking way too many hookahs.  Flapjack fiends - I've got your back.   Chef Bluehead (soon to be purple) is more than capable of satisfying every other culinary need and there will be guest appearances from Shaq who can autograph basketballs while flipping pancakes.  Listen, she gets asked all the time so she might as well have some fun.   If I slip away very quietly, I’ll be back before you know it.  Open Mic back on for last Friday in August so get gargling. Might be something else going on in the cooker hood so watch this space.  I’ll give your regards to Lizzie and bring back some Olympic dirt.  It’s hot so stay cool. 
Dot 2 Dot Café will be open from Thursday through Sunday only,  from week starting July 30 to Tuesday, August 21, regular hours from 8am to 2pm., Dear friends and citizens of Boston - we have  been nominated by the Dorchester Reporter in the 'Favourite Breakfast' section.  As I am (slowly) beginning to learn the power of Facebook (I pleaded Not Guilty when they said something about viral) I gather it is in your hands to make Dot 2 Dot a rockstar in some kind of culinary/breakfast stratosphere so please go to: http://www.dotnews.com/survey/restaurants and vote today!, I tried to be Batwoman today but just can't get into the costume.  Apologies to all for being closed today -  back in action tomorrow.  Watch out for the French Toast insignia projected on to the State House.  Stay Cool., My brain went to bed several hours ago so this is in snore-language:  
 sssshhhhhlllllllllgggrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeeeee(yyyyyyaaaaaawwwwwwnnnnn)p.  Translated by higher intelligence, who switch on to the earth channel any time they need a good laugh, as - "there will be good music (hahahahahaha) and really good food that you have to chew (hahahahaha) and interaction between bipeds in strange external coverings - aaaaaaggggghahahaha".  

Check us out for our first Late, Late Breakfast. http://www.dot2dotcafe.com/dinner.html  RSVP's will get a 10% discount.  Let's keep it in the hood.  Goodnizzzzzzzzzzzz, The Late, Late Breakfast Show at Dot 2 Dot – Friday, July 20th
Needs more clarification my significant other says.  In this heat I can barely construct a sentence, never mind getting my grey matter to work.  But here goes: 
The Late, Late Breakfast Show is going to be our answer to those of you who can’t make it here because (a) we are not open at 5am for the truckers and (b) because you don’t get out of bed before 2pm at the weekend.   Breakfast food with a twist – steak and egg burritos, roasted vegetable frittatas, spicy fried tofu with blackbeans and D2D salsa – call it what you will, it’s breakdinner (?) and if you’ve only just woken up, what do you care so long as it’s great food at your local café and you won’t get thrown out for turning up in your pajamas.  Unless they are Star Trek pajamas in which case they may border on obscene – too short, too tight and can only be accessorized with knee length boots. 
The vision is to have this once a month and each evening will be accompanied by an Old School soundtrack – feel free to send in suggestions for music and we’ll put it on the playlist.  Coyote Ugly it ain’t and there will be no piano player to shoot – but if you feel like singing and it won’t be accompanied by howling pooches, then go for it and we’ll give you a complimentary D2D smoothie or a ‘guinness’ milkshake.  Thinking outside the box – let’s make it happen. Doors open from 6pm – RSVP’s get a 10% discount.  Please call the café on 617 436-2368 to make a reservation or e-mail dot2dotmanager@gmail.com .     STAY COOL., Thanks to everyone who attended the Cash Mob yesterday! It was great seeing our good friends, and some new faces. We look forward to seeing you all soon!, We've got a sweet and savory Mother's Day brunch menu that's sure to put a smile on your mom's face (and make up for all the times you forgot to clean your room)! Call 617.436.2368 for reservations., Hey guys, just a heads up that we're going to be closed while we do a bit of spring cleaning this Tuesday and Wednesday. We'll be open bright and early for breakfast on Thursday, April 12., Spring is in the air, and we've got your Easter sweets and treats! Stop by for ready-to-go flower arrangements and hot cross buns., Calling local musicians & artists! Looking for somewhere to showcase your talent? We're always looking for new artwork for our walls and we love having live music with our weekend brunch. Contact us for more details., Tonight is Open Mic Night! You provide the talent, and we'll provide the food. See you tonight!, Join us for dinner and book club tomorrow night. We're going to be discussing "Unbroken" by Laura Hillenbrand. Hope to see you there!, We still have some open spaces for our Friday Dinner and Movie Night. We're watching "Strictly Ballroom" and have a great menu planned. RSVP today!, It's officially Spring! To celebrate, we're decorating the cafe with "ready to go" bouquets from Harmony Floral Designs!, Happy St. Patrick's Day to our Dorchester family. We're serving a traditional Irish breakfast with some good old Irish tunes to sing along to. Have a great day!, Welcoming back Tolieth Marks and her blend of jazz, soul and gospel. $5 cover charge to go to band. Dinner and live music right on your doorstep. See you tonight!, Knitting/crochet brunch today at 10am, jazz dinner tomorrow and St. Patty's brunch on Saturday. We hope you can join us!, If soul, jazz and gospel is what you are looking for, then we have the gal for you! We are delighted to have Ms. Tolieth Marks back this Friday, the 16th with her band. Make your reservations today!, We've got some great events coming up this week - Knitting brunch, jazz dinner, St. Patty's Day brunch! http://dot2dotcafe.com/EVENTSCALENDAR.html, This month's book club will focus on "Unbroken" by Laura HIllenbrand, the story of a young lieutenant's survival during the Second World War., Going to be quiet this week at the cafe, but we've got some great events planned this month!, Open Mic Night tonight! Calling all local artists, performers and hungry folk for a night of great food and good times., Working on some yummy treats for tonight's book club, including molten chocolate cake and poached pears for our vegan friends. See you tonight!, Book club this Thursday featuring "Tin Drum" by Gunther Grass. Dinner at 6pm, discussion starting around 7. We hope you'll join us!, Join us this Sunday for brunch featuring Muse Stew, one of our favorite local lazz bands!, Get your tickets for Thursday's staged reading of "Wednesday Double" here at the cafe! Doors open at 6:30. $15 with reservation, $20 at the door., Made a small change to our dinner menu for Friday's Anti-Valentine's Party. We're still taking reservations for the rest of the day., Our March book club will feature "The Tin Drum" by Gunter Grass. Still a few weeks away, but here's the link if you haven't read it., Don't forget to book your table for our Anti-Valentine's Party on Friday! Take your ideas about what Valentine's Day is supposed to be and throw them out the window. No broken hearts here!, Happy Valentine's Day everyone! Love is in the air at the cafe. We'll be here til 7pm today for late pick ups on orders. Stop on by!, Thank you to everyone who placed orders for Valentine's Day baked goods and baskets! For those who haven't yet, today's your last day!, Bit of advice for Valentine's Day shoppers: People like to eat and look at beautiful things.  Go for the senses - tasting yummy treats, smelling pretty flowers, seeing beautiful baskets. I'm leaving the other two senses up to you!, Our February events list is up! Jazz brunch, book club, knitting group...won't you join us?, "Yours, Mines and Ours" custom cupcakes for your sweetheart. We're still taking orders for a few more days., Looking for something special for your Valentine? , It's Super Bowl Sunday! Start your day with some Patriots Pancakes and coffee (or tea). We want to see your touchdown dances!, Happy Saturday! We're here serving brunch featuring our Patriots Pancakes. If you imitate a touchdown when you order, we'll give you a third pancake for free!, To show our support for the Pats, we're adding Patriots Pancakes to our menu - blueberry pancakes w/ fresh strawberries and 'proper' whipped cream. Let us know what you think!, One of our fans dug up this photo our our 2011 V-day sweet treats. We're doing cupcakes, bouquets and baskets this year. Have you placed your order yet?, Sunday jazz brunch featuring Muse Stew starting at noon. Pancakes and eggs (or tofu scramble) - what better way to start your day?, You either love it or hate it but Valentines day will soon be upon us. Looking for something sweet for your loved one? We've got your covered. Bouquets from Harmony Floral Design and we're making cupcakes and baskets. Call us at 617 436-2368 for more info!, First open mic night of the year is tonight! Bring your talent and appetites. See you at 6pm., Book club tonight at 6pm and our first Open Mic Night of the year is Friday. Come out and celebrate the end of the week with us., Book club is back on Thursday night. We've chosen "Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close" by Jonathan Safran Foer, which inspired the Oscar nominated movie. Dinner at 6pm, discussion at 7. All are welcome!, A very late Happy 2012 to you all! Lots of big things coming up. Stay tuned and keep track by following us on Twitter: @dot2dotcafe, Open Mic Night tonight featuring Alexi and a cozy chickpea and sweet potato stew with warm coconut bread. Dinner at 6, singing at 7! http://www.dot2dotcafe.com/dinner.html, Oh, and here's a link all about "The Warmth of Other Suns" on Amazon - http://www.amazon.com/Warmth-Other-Suns-Americas-Migration/dp/0679763880/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1317299252&sr=8-1, Happy Thursday everyone! Hope to see you all later tonight for dinner and Book Club. We're reading "The Warmth of Other Suns" by Isabel Wilkerson and serving a nice cozy menu. http://www.dot2dotcafe.com/dinner.html, Happy Friday! Look forward to seeing you tonight for dinner and music with Alexis Paraschos and Band. Dinner at 6pm, Music at 730. http://dot2dotcafe.com/dinner.html, We're pretty excited that Alexi Paraschos and his band will be performing this Friday at 7:30pm. Dinner starts at 6, and this week we're going Caribbean! $5 cover to see the band. Bring your requests!, I’m going to stick my neck out and suggest that there is nowhere else on Dorchester Avenue that you can go and listen to such good music from such a great guy while eating the “best French toast” you can find in Boston (thanks Boston Phoenix).  So, while Alexi is crooning, please come and join us for brunch Sunday, August 7th and if you think he’s as good as we do, then give it up for him with lots of applause and good will in the tip jar., This Friday is Family Movie Night featuring the Pixar movie "Ratatouille"! 6pm - 9:30pm. RSVPs are encouraged., Open Mic Night is tomorrow from 6-9:30! Quite the yummy menu in store this week. $10 plates ans $6 sweets. See you there!, Thank you to everyone who came out last night for our dessert party! We love you guys and thanks again for your support., Happy Birthday to us! We're three years old now. Look forward to seeing you all tonight!, Our three year anniversary shindig is this Friday! Have you RSVPd yet? We look forward to seeing you there :), This week's book club will be reading "Lord of Misrule". Check it out on Amazon and stop by Thursday at 6pm for dinner and discussion!, You can still vote for Dot 2 Dot for Best Brunch as a write-in if you are so inclined: http://thephoenix.com/thebest/boston/vote/brunch/, Tuesday is the last day to order Thanksgiving pies. This year’s lineup: Apple, Apple and Blueberry, Pumpkin with toasted walnuts and Lemon Tart.

Our pies are made with pate sucre (sweet, egg-enriched pastry). Regular size - $12.  Large size - $16. Please call the cafe on 617-436-2368 or email dot2dotmanager@gmail.com to place your order., Having had a couple of weeks break from dinner due to some holiday, private functions and a storm that never happened, we are now ready to roll again.  I hope that some of you will join us on either Thursday or Friday for food, conversation, music and just generally hanging out in your neighbourhood restaurant.  On Friday we will be treated to an acoustic performance from Savin Hill twins - Grace and John Carney known as 'The Siblings'.  John plays acoustic guitar and Grace has an amazing voice (no pun intended) which you really dont want to miss. They cover popular, contemporary music and have some of their own material too.  I'm excited to have them perform and hope that you will come out and show your support.  Don't forget to check the website for the dinner menu (www.dot2dotcafe.com) and feel free to BYOB., Not only is Motown legend Wali Ali playing tonight, beer and wine will be available with dinner; tonight's menu: http://bit.ly/xMFiB, This week's dinner menu: Piedmont roasted peppers served with quinoa salad; Chicken cassoulet served with salt-baked new potatoes; Salad Nicoise with seared tuna and anchovies.

Desserts: Strawberry granita (sorbet) in brandy snap baskets; Chocolate brandy torte served with vanilla ice cream; Exotic fruit salad with mint and lemongrass.

Details at http://www.dot2dotcafe.com/dinner.html., Tonight's dinner menu is up; check it out! Entrées include salmon, roast chicken and sweat pea ravioli. Details: http://bit.ly/xMFiB, is having a jazz brunch on Sunday, May 30 from 12–2pm. Come hear Nick Merriam and his jazz trio—acoustic bass, saxophone, drums. Enjoy some jazz with your brunch and come and support some our local Berkeley musicians., Dinner menu for tonight and Friday: Butternut squash, tofu and pea curry served with pilaf rice; Steamed mussels in a light coconut curry broth served with sweet potato wedges; Green chicken curry served with sticky coconut rice. Dessert: Fallen chocolate souffle with prune and creme fraiche sauce; Luxury bread and butter pudding served with creme anglaise; Vegan apple crisp., Desserts for tonight: Fallen chocolate souffle with prune and creme fraiche sauce; Vegan pancakes with caramelised apples and blueberry sauce; Vanilla Crème brûlée., In addition to Dessert Night, the dinner menu is up: Moyashi soba—vegan soup with ramen noodles, zucchini, leek, sugar snaps, beansprouts, mushrooms, tofu; Pork raviolis with arugula, orange confit, mushrooms and parmesan; Salmon ramen - with fish stock, noodles, spinach, menma, ginger and grilled teriyaki salmon., Tonight is the continuation of last week's 2nd Anniversary Dessert Night celebration; anyone who came by last week, please drop by tonight., Tonight’s menu: Roasted pork tacos; Sweet potato and chickpea stew with basmati rice and fried plantain; Cod with black beans, fried chickpeas, lime, avocado and chipotle sauce. Dessert: Vegan crepes with caramelized bananas; Apple and raisin strudel served with whipped cream; Pears poached in red wine with cinnamon, Hello everyone. It's Thursday, so that means dinner at Dot2Dot Café. Bonus: there’s also book club tonight as well; we’ll be discussing “Netherland” by Joseph O’Neill., Happy Earth Day! To celebrate, we're serving vegan apps, entrees and desserts today and Friday. Check out the menu: http://bit.ly/xMFiB, To celebrate Earth Day, Dot2Dot is serving a delicious all-vegan menu April 22-23: Tofu & mustard green ravioli; Vegetable tacos; Chickpea and sweet potato stew served w/ basmati rice & fried plantain. Desserts: Vegan crepes w/ caramelised bananas; Citrus refresher (ruby grapefruit, orange, cantaloupe melon & pomegranate in an orange/lemon syrup); Pears poached in red wine with cinnamon. Details: http://bit.ly/xMFiB, Read about what someone thinks about our bread pudding, which is on tonight's dessert menu: http://twitter.com/rawrmeans143/status/11852460865, The latest dinner menu looks great: Salmon with avocado, lemongrass, thai basil, pickled eggplant and horseradish Israeli couscous; Chicken with braised lettuce, apple cider mustard, bacon and shell beans; Mustard greens and smoked tofu raviolis with oyster mushrooms, cauliflower, lemon and miso and horseradish sauce. The rest of menu, including desserts: http://bit.ly/xMFiB, On the dinner menu for tonight and Friday: Cocoa-rubbed chicken breast, Walnut-encrusted salmon and Carrot and miso risotto with smoked tofu: http://bit.ly/xMFiB, is having Book Club tonight! Tonight's book to discuss is “Censoring an Iranian Love Story”: http://bit.ly/9vDjFm, Latest dinner menu: braised pork belly, catfish with polenta and smoked tofu with squash: http://www.dot2dotcafe.com/dinner.html, Fixed-price St. Patrick's Day dinner--half-price for young people under 15: http://bit.ly/D2DStPatsDinner, Desserts: Macadamia and vanilla tart; Blackberry and apple trifle with white chocolate cream; Crepes with caramelised bananas and chocolate sauce: http://bit.ly/xMFiB, Dinner menu: Cod with confit potatoes; Braised short ribs with pickled thai eggplant; and Roasted squash raviolis with collards: http://bit.ly/xMFiB, just updated tonight’s dinner menu: Almond-encrusted salmon with confit potatoes, pickled Thai eggplant, carrot and miso puree and basil oil; Grilled sirloin with garlic mashed potatoes, arugula and miso pepper sauce; Sweet potato and chickpea stew with basmati rice and fried plantain., Three events this week: Thursday, Feb. 25: opening by local artist Vincent Crotty. Friday, Feb. 26: open mic session starting at 6pm. Come early to sign up! Sunday, Feb. 28: live jazz by Muse Stew from 12-2pm., Our new small plates menu debuts on Thursday, each priced at $10 or less: Chickpea and sweet potato stew with fried plantains; Tuna pastels with spicy remoulade; Fennel and orange salad with olive, sun-dried tomato and garlic dressing; Assorted bruschetta - ricotta cheese with roasted cherry tomatoes and basil oil, with feta, caramelized onions and arugula. Details at http://bit.ly/xMFiB., Thursday is dinner night at Dot2Dot! Cod with confit potatoes, Braised short ribs and Roasted portobello raviolis: http://bit.ly/xMFiB, Don't miss our Valentine’s Day brunch—special menu (at http://bit.ly/SjWVJ) and live music from Noon-2pm. Brunch happens from 11am-4pm., Tonight's dinner menu: Porcini mushroom risoto, salmon with turnip and bacon choucrute and grilled steak with roasted garlic mashed potatoes: http://bit.ly/xMFiB, Dinner menu: roasted red pepper and saffron risotto, salmon  with turnip and bacon choucrute, and grilled steak: http://bit.ly/xMFiB, Two more nights of our Dorchester-Milton Restaurant Week menu; don't let a little snow stop you: http://bit.ly/8CGT5q, appeared in this recent Boston Herald article: http://bit.ly/6nMfNB, is participating in Dorchester-Milton Restaurant Week, January 26-29; see our menu at http://bit.ly/D2DRestaurantWeek., is hosting the Boston Vegetarian Society’s Dining Out event Thursday, January 20th with an all-vegan menu: bit.ly/xMFiB, Dinner menu for tonight and Friday: catfish, braised pork, and risotto. Details: http://www.dot2dotcafe.com/dinner.html, No dinner tomorrow--but we are open for breakfast and lunch., Okay folks--we’re open today and the rest of the week, except for Friday, New Year's Day., is closed this weekend. We’ll be open Tuesday, December 29 through Thursday, December 31. We’ll be closed on New Year’s Day; we’ll reopen on January 2nd., Dot2Dot Café is closed for dinner tonight due to a private party. We'll be open again for dinner tomorrow--Friday, December 18th., is hosting a charity event on Saturday, December 12, 4–7 pm for Malibongwe House, a program that supports homeless mothers and their children in South Africa. We’ll have handicrafts, food, drink, music and a chance to socialize., Check out the latest dinner menu: short ribs, sautéed shrimp, sautéed tofu: http://bit.ly/xMFiB, Please join us for Dot2Dot book club and dinner. We'll discuss "American Savior" by Roland Merullo on Thursday, December 10, 7-9 pm., There's still time to order a pie for Thanksgiving! $12 for a deep 9" pie; $18 for a large pie. Choose from Apple, Apple-Blueberry, Sweet Potato-Pecan and Lemon Meringue. Last day for orders: Sunday, Nov. 22; pickups by 5 pm, Wednesday, Nov. 25. To order, call 617-436-2368 or email dot2dotmanager@gmail.com., Updated hours: we're now open on Tuesday, 8:00 am - 2:00 pm and brunch lasts until 3 pm on Saturday and Sunday., We've been doing Thursday dinner for a while; starting tomorrow, we're adding Friday as well, which we're pretty excited about. This week's dinner menu: http://bit.ly/xMFiB, Tonight is "An Evening with Neil Jones" who's work has been exhibited for two months in the Cafe. He's appeared in "Hello Dolly" and "Liza with a Z" among and spent many years performing on Broadway. His work is multi-layered with a focus on religion, sexuality, war, drugs, often depicted in vibrant colours and abstract forms. The cost per head is $12.00; the buffett menu can be found at http://www.dot2dotcafe.com., received another 5-star review on Yelp:, just received a 5-star review on Yelp: http://www.yelp.com/biz/dot2dot-cafe-dorchester#hrid:pdwhnI2CYCsYudnUPicgnw, Lobster ravioli, cocoa rubbed chicken breast and pumpkin seed-encrusted tofu on tonight's dinner menu: http://bit.ly/xMFiB, has portuguese fisherman's stew, polenta with chicken confit and roasted vegetables on the dinner menu tonight. Polenta with grilled vegetables is one of the options for vegetarians and vegans:  http://www.dot2dotcafe.com/dinner.html, won't be at the next two Ashmont/Peabody Square farmers market until baker-in-chief Karen returns from England., There's lemon balm-braised veal and scallops with pea and mint ravioli on the July 30th dinner menu: http://www.dot2dotcafe.com/dinner.html., Tonight's dinner menu has some great stuff on it—braised chicken with fresh rosemary and thyme, root vegetables and kolrabi puree, steak (cooked to order), hot and sour pickled shrimp with Asian salad and stuffed zucchini with feta and fried zucchini blossoms. There's great desserts too; visit http://www.dot2dotcafe.com/dinner.html to see what they are., New lunch items include beef or shrimp stir fry fruity chicken salad; desserts include mini meringues with strawberries & cream, mini chocolate truffle cakes, each three to a serving. Check http://www.dot2dotcafe.com/LunchMenu.html for details., is a stop on the "Eat Fresh, Live Well" Health Walk. The walk, created to showcase healthy shopping options in the St. Mark's Area, starts at 5:30 pm on Friday, July 17 at the Ashmont/Peabody Square farmers market, ODWIN Learning Center, 1943 Dorchester A, was selected as St. Mark’s Area Main Streets Small Business of the Year! Read about it on the Dottie Hottie’s weblog:, Tonight's dinner menu is up: http://www.dot2dotcafe.com/dinner.html, is selling bread, cookies, pastries and pies at the Ashmont/Peabody Square farmers market on Friday, July 10th, 3 to 7 pm. The market is located at the ODWIN Learning Center, 1943 Dorchester Ave., directly across from Ashmont Station and the Carruth Build)