List(Join us at 6PM today for a taste of delicious Askinosie Chocolate . We're tasting the 70% Ecuador Bar with cacao nibs. A robust dark chocolate with notes of coffee and red fruit. The pure chocolate is deliciously smooth, Askinosie is one of the few American chocolatiers that presses their own cacao butter. The cacao nibs give a delightful crunch with potent bursts of flavor. A truly fantastic chocolate.

Learn More: http://www.gourmetboutique.net/blogs/tasting-room/75356099-chocolate-happy-hour-askinosie-ecuador-nib-bar, Hey chocolate lovers! GB has a new treat for you. Follow us on our instagram account @gourmetboutiqueboston to participate in our ALL NEW weekly #CacaoQuiz! How it works: we post a chocolate-themed question every Wednesday and the first person to respond (via email, info will be provided on instagram) will earn a free prize to pickup in store that day! The first question will be posted tomorrow at 10AM, Time to touch up on your chocolate facts!, Join us this Thursday for #ChocolateHappyHour for some truly delicious Askinosie Chocolate!

Askinosie is one of our favorite companies, not only is the chocolate incredibly good, but they work directly with cacao farmers to make sure they get a fair price for their beans. As a result, Askinosie gets first pick of some truly spectacular cacao, and it makes an incredible difference in the quality of the chocolate.

Learn More: http://www.gourmetboutique.net/blogs/tasting-room/75356099-chocolate-happy-hour-askinosie-ecuador-nib-bar, Vosges Haut-Chocolat has come up with a fabulous chocolate concoction, flavor infused #marshmallows with dark chocolate. Rich chocolate with a delightful, fluffy sweetness. They come in a variety of flavors, but we absolutely adore the blood orange hibiscus!!, Maxim's de Paris, our most distinctive brand, is back in stock! We have a full inventory of their chocolates and deserts as well as their wonderful teas and drinking chocolates. 

Stop by our store to enjoy chocolates from a pillar of French Culinary Culture,

or, you an order Maxim's from our website at

http://www.gourmetboutique.net/collections/maxims-de-paris-chocolates, Join us this Thursday for #ChocolateHappyHour where we'll be tasting the decadent, creamy flavor of the Dolfin Ginger Dark Chocolate.

Dolfin has been around for a long time, blending interesting flavors with a high quality Belgian chocolate. Looking for some high quality chocolate with a unique twist? Join us Thursday at 6PM for your bit of chocolate. 

Learn More: http://www.gourmetboutique.net/blogs/tasting-room/75013315-chocolate-happy-hour-dolfin-ginger-chocolate, Like a little salted crunch in your chocolate? We've got a taste for Chuao Chocolatier and their salted chocolate bars. Salt and chocolate has a long legacy in baking, pan du chocolat, biscotti, and chocolate chip cookies. Everyone loves a little savory with their sweet., Tomorrow is #Halloween! Looking for the perfect party treat for all your ghouls and goblins? Try out Nordic Sweets Raspberry Licorice Skulls, delicious gummies perfect for a night of fright., Join us tonight at 6PM for #ChocolateHappyHour for a taste of delicious Mulate Chocolate.

Their delicious peanut bar with milk chocolate is luxuriantly smooth and 100% organic. Mulate puts a lot of work into sourcing only the highest quality beans for their chocolates. 

Learn More: http://www.gourmetboutique.net/blogs/tasting-room/73779139-chocolate-happy-hour-mulate-peanut-butter, @mammatus marshmallows are a heavenly treat! Each marshmallow is hand-made and 100% natural, guaranteeing sweet satisfaction from every bite. Fluffy and filling, Mammatus marshmallows now come in salted caramel, enriching each cloud-like treat with sweet and salty delectability., Join us this Thursday at 6PM for #ChocolateHappyHour where we'll be tasting the smooth decadence of Mulate peanut butter chocolate. Blended together, the warm flavor of peanuts melds beautifully into the delicious milk chocolate. Mulate is a great company that uses fabulous artwork to showcase their supremely tasty chocolates.

Stop by this Thursday for a bite of exquisite chocolate.

Learn More: http://www.gourmetboutique.net/blogs/tasting-room/73779139-chocolate-happy-hour-mulate-peanut-butter, True to its roots in Denmark, Anthony Berg's chocolate covered marzipan rounds are only of the most exquisite quality. Here, the symphony of strawberry preserves in champagne alongside a sweet marzipan then dipped in rich dark chocolate keeps ones taste buds singing until the very end. The harmony between this chocolate rounds inner layers will not disappoint., We hear a lot about pairing chocolate and wine, but did you know that it's actually a great experiance to pair chocolate with a good craft beer!

http://drinkcraftbeer.com/editorial/articles/craft-beer-and-taza-chocolate-beer-and-chocolate-meet-again.html, Join us this evening at 6PM for #ChocolateHappyHour and have a bite of chocolate from La Chocolaterie de Provence. A 52% cacao, blending just the right amount of creamy sweetness and potent flavor alongside richness of pomegranate.

Learn more at : http://www.gourmetboutique.net/blogs/tasting-room/71596419-chocolate-happy-hour-dark-chocolate-pomegranate, After along time without, we've brought in the phenomenal #SwissChips from Neuchatel. Delightfully crunchy potato chips that have been puff baked to give it a distinctive crispness. The lightly salted chips pair perfectly with the decadently smooth and creamy Swiss Chocolate. These treats are double dunked with a very generous amount of chocolate. Stop by and sink your teeth into this sweet and salty treasure., Join us this Thursday at 6PM for #ChocolateHappyHour , where we'll be tasting the decadent dark chocolate and pomegranate bar from La Chocolaterie de Provence . A fantastic combination of 52% cacao with the complex fruity and tart notes of pomegranate.

Learn more at http://www.gourmetboutique.net/blogs/tasting-room/71596419-chocolate-happy-hour-dark-chocolate-pomegranate, Everyone loves French #macaron ! Delightful almond flour cookies with decadent creamy centers. We just received a new Fall Flavor, Caramel Apple. The bright red cookie gives way to an incredibly flavorful apple cream. Drop by the Boutique to enjoy your favorite fall flavors!, Cacao Sampaka is a beloved brand we carry in our lovely boutique, but if you're in Spain it's a great to visit the chocolatier in person.

http://gastronomyblog.com/2010/07/02/cacao-sampaka-madrid/, Join us at 6PM today for #ChocolateHappyHour , where we'll be tasting the luxuriant chocolate from @amoredimona . Decadently smooth dark chocolate made with nothing but the highest quality pure ingredients, making it both delicious and completely hypoallergenic!

Join us for a taste of this fantastic chocolate!, null, Boston loves its Sweet Sloops. From Harbor Sweets these delectable bite-sized boats are the perfect combination of sweet, creamy and crunchy. Butter Toffee wrapped in cacao butter, dipped in milk chocolate and pecans. A true New England Delight!, Join us this Thursday for #ChocolateHappyHour, where we'll be tasting the fantastic chocolate from #AmoreDiMona. A fantastic company with a penchant for silky smooth dark chocolates. Looking for an inclusive chocolate? Amori Di Mona is very careful when it comes to their chocolates, all naturally gluten free, dairy free, and peanut free. Their hypoallergenic chocolates use nothing except for the pure cacao ingredients, and process in a certified sterile environment.

The pure ingredients give this chocolate a wonderfully potent flavor, sweetened with agave nectar. The sweet flavor is remarkable, and makes it a low glycemic, and great for diabetics.

Looking for a great chocolate that everyone will love? You can't go wrong with Amore Di Mona. Stop by our shop to taste yourself, Thursday at 6PM., With the leaves starting to turn, and a chill nip to the air, it seems that Autumn is upon us. October isn't complete without a delicious #pumpkinspice #macaron. Stop by the store for a these  Fall delights!, Join us at 6PM today for #ChocolateHappyHour where we'll be tasting the chocolatey goodness from the #GrownUpChocolateCompany

We'll be tasting their scrumptious take on Cadbury's fruit and nut bar. A thick bar filled with a chocolate and peanut center, and a healthy dose of dried grapes for sweetness. The blended chocolate center is a texture wonderland with just the right of crunchy peanuts, chewy raisins, brought together with smooth chocolate! 

Stop by today at 6PM for a delicious bite of chocolate while supplies last!, Join us this Thursday at 6PM for some serious grown up chocolate for grown ups. The Grown Up Chocolate Company specializes in thick milk chocolate with scrumptiously creamy cores. 

Out of the United Kingdom, it certainly has a Cadbury feel to the flavors. Our favorite is their take on Fruit & Nut. Blended nuts give the bar a satisfying crunch, while dried grapes provide a burst of fruity flavor. The rich, truffle-like bar has a unique texture we're sure you'll enjoy, so stop by Thursday at 6PM for a bite at #ChocolateHappyHour, Cinnamon, cayenne, and vanilla give the Mulate spice bar a potent kick. The mild flavor of vanilla helps soften the flavor of the chocolate to mesh with flavorful combination of cinnamon and cayenne. More spiced than spicy, this bar delivers a richly decadent medley of flavors., Come celebrate #ChocolateHappyHour with us at 6PM where we'll be sampling delectable chocolate from Hachez.

Today we're sampling their delicious 55% bar with Rasberry and Almonds. The 55% is just barely a dark chocolate, full of flavor but still wonderfully smooth and creamy. Coupled with the sweetness of raspberry and the nutty notes from the almond, this bar will really satisfy your sweet tooth!, Hachez has been making chocolate for over 100 years, their secret? Roasting their cacao beans low and slow for a mild, smooth flavor.

Join us this Thursday as we taste some decadent German Chocolates for #ChocolateHappyHour!

Learn More: http://www.gourmetboutique.net/blogs/tasting-room/66831299-chocolate-happy-hour-hachez-rasberry-almond-bar, New for the store, we've brought in delectable Cadbury Crunchie Biscuits. Delightful little rounds of crisp honeycomb dipped in delicious milk chocolate. A sweet treat from the UK to satisfy a sugary craving., Looking for more reason to love chocolate? The folks over at Natural News have written up a fantastic article outlining the health benefits of cacao butter.

http://www.naturalnews.com/037906_cocoa_butter_chocolate_health_secrets.html, Join us today for #ChocolateHappyHour where we'll be tasting a delectable dark chocolate infused with Lapsang Souchong Tea. 

We bring out the samples at 6PM, so come give this tasty chocolate a try.

The warm smoky flavors of the tea overlay on top of the rich dark chocolate, building the very potent character of the bar. A touch of salt gives the flavor a boost, waking up the taste buds to give your tongue the full chocolatey burst., Autumn is right around the corner and with it comes the sweet taste of #maple syrup…. and #bacon!  Chuao Chocolatier, a company well known for its inclusion bars, features a brilliant bar that combines both of these flavors.  It is known as Baconluxious.  What sets this bacon #chocolate bar a part from other bars like it is a sweet and salty blend of the smoky bacon flavor with the delicate taste of maple syrup.  This combination creates a rich experience for the consumer and even highlights more of the bacon flavor., Join us this Thursday at 6PM for #ChocolateHappyHour where we'll be sampling the delights of The Tea Room Chocolate and a personal favorite, their Lapsang Souchong in Dark Chocolate.

Lapsang Souchong is a robust smoky tea, that combined with salt and chocolate makes for a truly divine combination. 

Stop by the boutique on Thursday at 6PM for a taste!, When you're looking for a pure #chocolate experiance The Chocolate Conspiracy delivers with the 74% Dark Chocolate. Chocolate Conspiracy chocolates have a distinctive flavor that comes from carefully selected beans that are not roasted and not overly processed. With their pure, no frills, recipe the deliver a potent earthy chocolate flavor., Interested in a true treat for your tastebuds? Look no further than Bissinger's Handcrafted Chocolatier and their Balsamic Fig Chocolate Bar.

The layers of flavor begin with the sweet succulent flavors of fig, with a delicate fruitless and intense sweet taste. This pairs with the aged balsamic, more full bodied and flavorful than tart. The combination is held together with the robust character of a 75% chocolate. Truly a #chocolate worth remembering., Boston.com gives us an excellent tour through local chocolate manufacturer Taza Chocolate. If you've had a bite of this fantastic stone ground chocolate, the link below gives a good look at Taza's process.

http://www.boston.com/business/gallery/taza_chocolate_prepares_for_valentines_day/, Join us today for #ChocolateHappyHour where we'll be offering a taste of Alcove's sweet sweet #RedVelvet Chocolate Bar.

A delicious melt in your mouth milk chocolate with cream cheese icing mixed in. As a bakery and chocolatier Alcove can experiment mixing the rich flavors of their pastry batters with spectacular chocolates.

Stop by our boutique at 6PM to indulge in some delicious chocolate sweetness., Join us this Thursday for #ChocolateHappyHour where we'll be tasting the decadent warm flavors of Alcove Cafe & Bakery 's Red Velvet Chocolate Bar. 

A brilliant red chocolate bar perfectly blended with sweet cupcake batter. Rich creamy chocolate has distinctive cream cheese frosting mixed in.

Stop by our boutique any Thursday and join us for tasting some delicious chocolate samples., Bissinger's Handcrafted Chocolatier has given us some fantastic flavors, and their Coconut Caramel is a store favorite. Creamy delicious milk chocolate, filled with a scrumptious caramel blended with red Hawaiian sea salt and coconut. The layers of creamy flavor in each element of the bar reinforce each other, creating an incredibly rich and decadent bar of chocolate., With Autumn Flavors on the way, we love to recommend the Dolfin Cinnamon Bar. Dolfin uses the milder, more flavorful Ceylon cinnamon to give their milk chocolate a full bodied roundness without the sharp bite of some of the harsher cinnamon. The bar is richly decadent and has the perfect blend of spice for fall., We love our local Chocolatiers Taza Chocolate, with their uniquely stone-ground chocolate and their commitment to quality.

A stone ground chocolate has a corse texture, as the cacao beans aren't completely pulverized. As you munch your way through a bar, your releasing more flavor as you break up the chocolate even more. Their Raspberry Nib bar adds cacao bids to the mix for an even fuller flavor with a bit of crunch. The raspberry flavor fills the gaps, completing a truly phenomenal chocolate experience., From the Pffefferminz to the Dunkle Voll Nuss, we love a good Ritter Sport Deutschland #Chocolate as much as anyone. With so many flavors it's hard to choose a favorite.

Fortunately, the good folks over at Chocolate Reviews have done a good job at summing up a good deal of Ritter's many flavors.

https://chocolateratings.wordpress.com/2011/11/11/ritter-sport/, Join us at the Boutique for #ChocolateHappyHour today at 6PM, where we'll be offering a taste of Cacao Sampaka and their phenomenal Gin and Tonic Milk Chocokate Bar.

Thin slices for superb melt, and an incredible array of ingredients that create an intense flavor sensation.

Join us for a taste of chocolate every Thursday for Chocolate Happy Hour, starting at 6PM. We'll save a piece for you!, Rozsavolgi Csokolade makes amazing chocolates, but their Tricheeas 70, is truly world renowned. The cocoa beans for this bar originate from Trincheras, Venezuela, and are roasted at very low temperatures to preserve its natural taste. Though a dark chocolate, the profile of the beans and the light roasting give the chocolate a delightfully delicate flavor. The Academy du Chocolat high praised the Tricheras 70 with the Silver Award. A truly decadent bean-to-bar experience!, This week for #ChocolateHappyHour, we're tasting the elegant construction of Cacao Sampaka 's Gin and Tonic Milk Chocolate. For Sampaka, the combination of flavors is always more than the sum of its parts.

Learn More: http://www.gourmetboutique.net/blogs/tasting-room/61948739-chocolate-happy-hour-caca-sampaka-gin-and-tonic, Madre Chocolate has some truly spectacular dark chocolates, #Organic and cared for from #beantobar. The Genmaicha uses cacao  from the Dominican coast, blended with a nutty Genmaicha tea with roasted rice and delicate green tea leaves. This chocolate has an incredibly buttery flavor with strong notes of the toasted rice tea., Brittany is famous for it's incredible salted butter and the fountain of delectable cookies and pastries that spring from it. St. Peter's Confectionary uses such luscious Brittany butter to create the Grande Galette. A cookie wheel of pure buttery bliss. Delightfully flaky and perfect with tea or coffee., If you're looking for an incredible chocolate experience look no further than Cocoa Puro. They have deliciously crisp flavorful cacao beans dipped in layers of creamy cacao butter, sweet milk chocolate, decadent dark chocolate, and rolled in flavorful cacao powder. Chocolate rolled, powdered, and pressed into every permutation combined into a perfect bite. This is an extravagant chocolate to be savored., Think you know #Chocolate? 7 Things You Didn't Know About Chocolate. XPost from Food and Wine.

http://www.foodandwine.com/fwx/food/7-things-you-didn-t-know-about-chocolate, Today at 6PM, we're celebrating #ChocolateHappyHour with delicious dark chocolate and sea salt. Salt and Chocolate have had a long history in baked goods; biscotti, pan du chocolate, choclate chip cookies, and chocolate covered pretzels. The chocolate we're tasting today is actually from a bakery that experiments in chocolate as well. So stop by for a delectable taste treat.

Learn More: http://www.gourmetboutique.net/blogs/tasting-room/60856899-chocolate-happy-hour-alcove-fleur-de-del-dark-chocolate, The Beniano wild cacao is only found on cacao forest islands in the Bolivian Amazon, where it is hand-picked by indigenous collectors. The small beans only weigh half as much as usual cacao beans and have a mild, yet fruity flavor.   Original Beans uses these cacao beans to create a bar that is delicate, yet expressive, with notes of floral honey, apricot and a hint of jasmine., This week, we're tasting a delectable dark chocolate with sea salt from #Alcove Chocolates. A touch of Fleur de Sel lends a gentle sparkle that enriches and uncovers the flavors of the chocolate.

Drop by our little boutique for #ChocolateHappyHour this Thursday at 6PM, At 72%, Dick Taylor pairs two unusual ingredients to create a simply delicious bar. Shredded coconut caramelized with maple syrup gives this bar a sweet yet tangy flavor profile.  All of which is enhanced with an added touch of sea salt. A potent mix of Tropical smoothness with New England flavor.

Stop by the boutique to pick up this distinctive craft chocolate., Chuao delivers a decadent array of your favorite nuts in their Triple Nut Temptation Bar.  Nestled in their dark chocolate, you will find whole roasted almonds, hazelnuts, and pistachios.  The nuts give their luscious dark chocolate a perfect crunch to finish off this bar., If you thought that America doesn't have good chocolate, Estelle of 37 Chocolates means to change your mind. She's working through 37 reviews about 37 American chocolates before her 37th birthday. We wish her luck!, Join us at 6PM today for #ChocolateHappyHour where we'll be tasting the sublime sweetness and spice of #Ethereal Confections Mango Chili bar. A luscious dark chocolate with layered flavors of sweet mango and tart strawberry, that build wonderfully with a potent kick of chili spice. Stop by our Boutique at 6PM for a free taste.

Learn More: http://www.gourmetboutique.net/blogs/tasting-room/58795011-chocolate-happy-hour-ethereal-mango-chili, The crushed husks of cacao are dense with flavor for decadent tea. Deliciously nutty and warm, Tikal chocolate tea has a full bodied cacao flavor, with zero calories. Combined with peppermint, this tea becomes a whirlwind of deeply refreshing flavor. 

If you've not had chocolate tea before, stop by our shop to see what you've been missing out on., Join us this Thursday at 6PM for #ChocolateHappyHour where we'll be offering up a taste of Ethereal Confections Mango Chili Bar. A light dark chocolate the Mango Chili is rich with layers of fabulous fruity sweetness and a potent splash of spice. 

Learn More: http://www.gourmetboutique.net/blogs/tasting-room/58795011-chocolate-happy-hour-ethereal-mango-chili, Many cities lay claim to the original creators of marzipan, but none use a percentage of almond paste as high as Lubeck, Germany.   Niederegger Marzipan Lübeck  is a phenomenal company with truly extravagant marzipan, hearty, sweet, and with a texture like fresh baked bread.

Stop by our shop for some real quality marzipan., Alcove Chocolate 's Mimosa Bar is the essence of sophistication.  By combining flavors of orange and champagne with their rich dark chocolate, they create a fruity yet simply delicious bar.  The citrus notes pop on your taste buds as the creamy chocolate melts in your mouth., We love Amedei! They make some of the most spectacular chocolate! The good folks at Wayfaring Chocolate have an excellent review of it!

http://wayfaringchocolate.com/2011/09/17/amadei-porcelana/, Join us for #ChocolateHappyHour today at 6PM where we'll be tasting the illustrious Rovsalgyi Csokolade Milk Chocolate with Lavender and Star Anise. A decadent bar layered with phenomenal flavor!

Learn More: http://www.gourmetboutique.net/blogs/tasting-room/57212035-chocolate-happy-hour-rozsavolgyi-csokolade, Chocolat Moderne New York uses some of the finest French dark chocolate to create truly unique chocolate experiences.  This bar has bits of delicate butter toffee to give a little crunch.   The lime flavor gives your taste buds an unforgettable cooling sensation that pairs perfectly with the sweet dark chocolate., For #ChocolateHappyHour this week, we'll be tasting an illustrious chocolate from Budapest, Milk Chocolate with Lavender and Star Anise from Rozsavolgyi Csokolade. Sweet and sophisticated. 

Learn More: http://www.gourmetboutique.net/blogs/tasting-room/57212035-chocolate-happy-hour-rozsavolgyi-csokolade, Askinosie Chocolate ensures high quality by finding the finest cocoa beans and then finding the finest licorice in Sweden.  The licorice adds an unbelievable texture as well as a unique flavor to this chocolate bar, while the added Fleur de Sel Sea Salt gives this bar a balance to the myriad of flavors., Vosges Haut-Chocolat creates a unique flavor profile in the Red Fire Bar. The chili gives a warmness as you take a bite to complement the rich chocolate.   By combining ingredients such as Mexican ancho and chipotle chilies with cinnamon and dark chocolate, this bar delivers the sweetness of cacao with a potent spice rounding out the finish., Neuhaus combines its sophisticated recipes with quality ingredients to deliver some of the finest crafted chocolates.  In their Dark Orange bar, Neuhaus uses intense yet creamy dark chocolate and pairs it with a candied orange peel shred.  The combination of rich and fruity is a sheer delight for all chocolate lovers., When you want the best chocolate, you want someone to spend a lot of time and effort making sure it really is the very best. The folks over at The Nibble wrote an excellent article about micro-batch chocolatiers. 

http://www.thenibble.com/zine/microbatch-chocolate.asp, For #ChocolateHappyHour today at 6PM we'll be tasting the smoldering heat of Alcove Chocolate 's Chipotle Dark Chocolate. Rich Smoky Flavor with a fair amount of heat, make sure to stop by and grab a piece.

Learn More: http://www.gourmetboutique.net/blogs/tasting-room/55690563-chocolate-happy-hour-alcove-chipotle, Marieblle combines delicate dark chocolate with pieces of pistachio in their Dark Chocolate Pistachio Bark.  The richness of the chocolate complements the subtle yet satisfying pieces of pistachio.  The pistachio also gives this bar a much needed crunch to balance the creaminess of the chocolate.  

Got a craving for those phenomenal pistachios? You can order the bar online!  http://www.gourmetboutique.net/collections/mariebelle/products/mariebelle-pistachio-dark-chocolate-bar, This week we're tasting the smoky spiced flavors of Alcove's Chipotle Dark Chocolate.

Join us Thursday at 6PM for #ChocolateHappyHour.

Learn More: http://www.gourmetboutique.net/blogs/tasting-room/55690563-chocolate-happy-hour-alcove-chipotle, Sunny Seeds are a perfect blend of chocolate and sunflower seeds. No need for shelling, you can eat these by the handful. The candy chocolate coating gives a bit of sweetness to the delightful nutty crunch of Sunflower Seeds. 

Stop by the store for this fun Summer treat!, Made from the highest quality criollo beans, Domori Chocolate takes dark chocolate to another level.  The Puertofino has notes of caramel, walnuts, and dates. Doromi has a dedication to quality, they hand select and roast their cocoa beans to ensure the very best taste and aroma. 

Stop by the store for some truly spectacular #chocolate., Pure 7’s Dark bar has been handcrafted with your health in mind.  Not only is this bar organic and unrefined, but it is also sweetened with raw honey to provide the sweet notes.  This bar has all the taste of your favorite dark chocolates without the added sugar!

A phenomenal local chocolate we're proud to carry in our store., Our craft obsession of the week is Dick Taylor's black fig Madagascar bar! It's wrapped in absolutely gorgeous packaging and even more astounding flavors! Stop by to try some before they're all gone!, The good folks at Wayfaring Reviews, have an excellent description of Valrhona Chocolate 's Blond Dulcey.

Check it out: http://wayfaringchocolate.com/2013/10/26/chocolate-review-valrhona-dulcey-blond-chocolate-and-michel-cluizel-mangaro-dark-chocolate/, Join us for our #ChocolateHappyHour where we'll be tasting a sophisticated symphony of texture and flavor: Sweet Design's Ginger Rocky Road.

Join us today at 6PM for a bite of dark chocolate, candied ginger, and walnuts. 

Learn more: http://www.gourmetboutique.net/blogs/tasting-room/54203139-chocolate-happy-hour-ginger-rocky-road, Poco Dolce creates a unique combination by pairing olive oil with their savory dark chocolate.   The Californian olive oil gives this bar a creamy texture along with an indulgent flavor.  The pinch of added sea salt gives this bar a perfect finish to a remarkable chocolate experience., When you take the fun of Rocky Road Ice Cream and turn it into a sophisticated artisanal chocolate bar, you get our distinctive chocolate of the week by Sweet Designs.

Learn More:  http://www.gourmetboutique.net/blogs/tasting-room/54203139-chocolate-happy-hour-ginger-rocky-road, Michel Cluizel USA 's single origin, Mangaro bar from Madagascar highlights the rich and fruity notes characteristic of the region.  The inclusion of vanilla delivers a smooth texture and balances the bar's flavor.

A truly excellent example of chocolate delicately crafted from bean to bar., At 70% dark chocolate, Heidel creates a truly exquisite bar.  The richness and silkness of this bar sets it apart from other dark chocolates.  With its German roots, Heidel ensures the highest quality while delivering a strong cocoa flavor.  This bar simply cannot be missed., Sweetened with honey, Chocolate Conspiracy’s Maca Bar has all the taste of a decadent chocolate bar without the added sugar.  The maca root from Peru makes this bar one of the most nutrient-dense foods in the world.  One bite of this creamy bar, you will only remember the delicate taste., The good folks over at NPR have a great article in-depth about some of the best American "Bean to Bar" Chocolatiers, like Askinosie Chocolate!

http://www.npr.org/sections/thesalt/2013/02/13/171891081/bean-to-bar-chocolate-makers-dare-to-bare-how-its-done, We're having a #Chocolate Happy Hour today at 6PM, and we're tasting intense 70% dark Mole Bar. A sharp cacao kick right off the first bite with a roiling cauldron of mole spice. Smoky chipotle, ancho, and pasilla chiles.

Learn More: www.gourmetboutique.net/blogs/tasting-room/52680643-chocolate-happy-hour-artisan-mole-bar, At a light 36% Omnom Chocolate Dirty Blonde creates a bar in between milk and white chocolate. This blend creates a creamy texture while giving this bar sweet tastes of caramel.  The silky cacao is perfectly complemented by its one of a kind flavor., The Aztecs enjoyed their chocolate with an abundance of spicy chili peppers. While we don't take it quite so hot, we do enjoy the sweet smolder of Mole Poblano, a traditional mix of spices in our tasting bar for this week's Chocolate Happy Hour.

Learn More: http://www.gourmetboutique.net/blogs/tasting-room/52680643-chocolate-happy-hour-artisan-mole-bar, Vosges takes all the health benefits dark chocolate has to offer and amplifies them in their Super Dark Matcha Green Tea bar.  With added spirulina and green tea, this bar deliver antioxidents, protein, and detoxifiers.  The dark chocolate gives this bar a potent kick, but does not overpower the sweetness of the green tea., With the finest Vietnamese ingredients, Marou's Dong Nai 72% dark chocolate delivers a smooth texture and aroma.  Its mellow flavor balances with its subtle hints of spice to evoke an almost citrusy taste.  Marou’s single origin beans bring an oriental backdrop adding to its high quality chocolate. 

Stop by the Boutique to enjoy a truly spectacular dark chocolate., Rozsavolgyi Csokolade is a husband and wife operation out of Hungary with some spectacular chocolates. Their latest bar combines milk chocolate with caramelized lavender flowers and star anise to create a decadent chocolate experience.  The caramelized lavender not only gives this bar a unique texture, but also surprising hints of cinnamon.  This bar delivers flavor profiles that simply cannot be found elsewhere., BBC recently published an article about the health benefits of chocolate. In this 12 year study, people who consumed chocolate had higher rates of health.

http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-scotland-north-east-orkney-shetland-33145215, Join us today for our Chocolate Happy Hour  and sample the sublime smoothness of Dolfin's Green Tea Chocolate Bar: a smooth milk chocolate with a sophisticated depth. A perfect mixture of chocolate and tea flavor from the masters of the art of blending. 6-7PM while supplies last.

Learn More at: http://www.gourmetboutique.net/blogs/tasting-room/50371267-chocolate-happy-hour-dolfin-green-tea, At a 60% dark chocolate, Cacao Atlanta delivers a sweet combination of flavors in their Citrus bar.  The candied lemon and orange peels add a citrusy tang while the dried blueberries give this bar a unique texture that can only be found in Cocao Atlanta’s bean- to bar process., Dolfin is one of our favorite chocolate companies, combining high quality ingredients to create chocolates with interesting flavors. We're opening up a bar for this week's Chocolate Happy Hour. Join us at the store, this Thursday from 6-7PM

Learn More at: http://www.gourmetboutique.net/blogs/tasting-room/50371267-chocolate-happy-hour-dolfin-green-tea, Gourmet Boutique Quality Control has a new favorite Kinder! We just brought in a massive shipment of all the good chocolates like the Kinder Bueno (milk, dark, white) and the brand new Kinder Country Cups! To celebrate, we're running sales on our Kinder product, stop by and pick up all your favorites!, Whether or not you enjoy white chocolate, Cacao Sampaka’s White Strawberry Rose bar will leave you wanting more.  The strawberry gives this bar fruity notes that align perfectly with the sweetness of the white chocolate.  The rose gives a floral essence that complements the sweetness to perfectly bring this bar together.   

Want to give this wonderful white chocolate a try? Order now: http://www.gourmetboutique.net/products/cacao-sampaka-rose-strawberry-white-chocolate-bar, Milka blends its much-loved German chocolate with America’s favorite Oreo cookie to create an experience of a bite! With a creamy interior and a smooth chocolate shell, the Oreo pieces give this bar a needed crunch. 

Need a little double chocolate in your life? Grab a Milka Oreo Bar today!

http://www.gourmetboutique.net/collections/gourmet-chocolate/products/milka-oreo, Looking for some fantastic chocolates? Read what the folks over at Chocolate Ratings think of one of our favorite companies: Original Beans.

https://chocolateratings.wordpress.com/2011/02/25/original-beans/, Join us today for Chocolate Happy Hour where we'll be tasting the decadent dark chocolate almond bar from Côte d'Or: an intense bar with good texture and snap, overflowing with wonderful whole almonds. Côte d'Or is one of Belgium's more well known chocolate companies, earning commendations from royalty and a reputation for truly rich and flavorful chocolates. 6-7PM while supplies last., Venchi takes typical flavors of Italy and pairs it with some of the finest dark chocolate.  Lavender gives this bar a floral essence against a more bitter dark chocolate while the orange delivers a zest.  The salt enhances both the tang and sweetness of this bar for a perfect finish.

Come by our store to get your own bar of this delicious Italian Chocolate., Ever wonder what makes a Belgian chocolate so good? We're opening up some Cote d'Or for our Chocolate Happy Hour this week to show our customers what good chocolate is all about.

Learn More: http://www.gourmetboutique.net/blogs/tasting-room/48623043-chocolate-happy-hour-cote-dor-dark-choclate-almond-bar, Alcove takes the essence of a traditional German Black Forest cake and blends it with a decadent dark chocolate.  The tartness of the cherries gives this bar a stimulating kick while blending with the sweetness of the chocolate to create a fruity yet flavorful experience. 

Want a bite of our chocolate spotlight? Check out our site: 

http://www.gourmetboutique.net/collections/chocolate-bars/products/alcove-chocolate-california-black-forest-cake-bar, Come grab some chocolate before they become some bunnies you used to know., Meet the new quality control agent at Gourmet Boutique 
Operation Milka Loffel Ei - creamy milk chocolate shell with a rich vanilla cream- Yum!, With Easter right around the corner, we've absolutely fallen in love with Loffel Eggs.

Creamy milk chocolate eggs from Milka filled with either decadent vanilla custard cream or a rich chocolate ganache. So overflowing with cream that they provide a spoon!

Want a traditional Easter freak that is sure to delight? Try a Loffel Egg., Spring is (allegedly) here and Easter is less than two weeks away!  If you're looking for a new treat or two to include in your basket, Gourmet Boutique has a wonderful collection of both artisanal Easter-themed chocolates and old favorites in egg form.  You're sure to find at least one confection that makes you hop for joy!, So, in case the world needed more reasons as to why Gourmet Boutique is the best place to work and shop, Steven Tyler stopped by today for a treat and said he loved the store!, We've figured out why the Mona Lisa is smiling:  She knows that Amore di Mona chocolates are a luxurious experience that virtually everyone can enjoy!

Made from Belgian cocoa and raw Madhava agave nectar, Amore di Mona chocolates are vegan, low-glycemic, and free of dairy, nuts, soy, and gluten.  Some of their flavors include a Caramela bar, a Caramela with cranberries, and Dark Chocolate, which can also include coffee beans or currants.

This recent addition to our collection has already attracted quite a following, so come to Gourmet Boutique today and taste why luxury and health don't have to be mutually exclusive!, When enjoying a piece of chocolate, have you ever wondered what goes in to the process of making it?  Where its beans originate from?  Who figured out that this bean could be made into something so delicious in the first place?

 At Gourmet Boutique we can answer these questions and provide you with even more information (and samples!) at one of our chocolate tastings!  You will meet with one of our expert staff for a sweet tasting tour of the chocolate world and come out of the event with even more appreciation for chocolate than you had going in (yes, it is possible).

Gourmet Boutique has Sunday tasting dates available in January.  Please contact us with any inquiries!, Because it is finals week, you should test your knowledge of chocolate and consider whether it's time to review!, We're doing something special for our last day of 10 year anniversary celebration week. We are giving away some mysterious holiday gifts! Spend $10 or more in our store and use the phrase "gift mystery" at checkout to unlock our gifts for you!, Day 4 of our 10 year anniversary celebration week comes down to one of our most popular chocolate products: Milka bars! We have a wide variety of flavor selection in store. You can get 1 for free for every three bars you purchase today ONLY!, We all love Christmas trees, and they just get even better when they are made of macarons! Today in our store you can enjoy your favorite macaron for free with any purchase $10 or more (including some seasonal flavors)! Come grab one now!, We heard you love our beautiful artisan chocolates, so we set the day 2 of our 10 year anniversary secret giveaway: enjoy your favorite gourmet boutique chocolate for FREE with any purchase $10 or more, including all the Christmas special flavors! 
Follow us on Facebook and Instagram (@gourmetboutiqueboston) to enjoy our amazing anniversary giveaways!, Day 1 of our 10 year anniversary specials is here! You can get 10% off any purchase of $10 or more! 

Just use the phrase, "Chocolate Decade" at checkout to receive our appreciation discount.

There will be more daily discounts revealed on each day of this week. So keep your eyes on our Facebook and Instagram (@gourmetboutiqueboston) and enjoy your chocolates with some amazing savings!, Our delicious Copley store turned 10 today and in celebrating a decade of providing boston with unusual and distinctive chocolate indulgences. We invite you to follow us on Facebook and Instagram for daily promotional announcements. 

Between December 8th and December 12th be on the lookout for the "phrase of the day", use the phrase at checkout in our little store to unlock amazing savings!

We want to send out a big thanks to our awesome customers, we wouldn't be here without your love of chocolate!

The codes start rolling out tomorrow, we'll see you soon!, We are so excited to celebrate our 10th year anniversary with a secret promotion on its way. Follow us on Instagram and Facebook to unwrap the birthday gift!, Did you overindulge over Thanksgiving weekend?

So did we!  It was fantastic.  But as Monday rolls around, we're craving something a bit lighter.

As we begin a new week (and month), let's celebrate both healthier treats as well as the unseasonably mild weather we're currently experiencing with some offerings from Venchi and Bissinger's.

Bissinger's products include Dark Chocolate-Covered Pomegranate as well as antioxidant-packed Apricot Green Tea Gummy Pandas, while Venchi offers Italian dark chocolate blended with orange, lavender, and Mediterranean sea salt.  All will make you feel as bright and sunny as this Moonday, and you definitely won't feel as stuffed!

Have a wonderful week, Facebook family, and consider starting it with a treat from Gourmet Boutique!, We are less than 24 hours away from Thanksgiving!  If you're still looking for the perfect dish to bring to the table, why not bring some extra dessert?  We have fresh macarons (try our seasonal favorites Pumpkin Spice or Caramel Apple!) as well as an assortment of handcrafted, handpainted truffles, including our chocolate turkeys.  With our selection of delectable desserts, you're sure to be properly stuffed this holiday!

From our Gourmet Boutique family to you and your loved ones, we wish you a safe, happy, and delicious Thanksgiving., The Countdown to Christmas is coming! Do you have your advent calendar yet?

Make sure to get you kids (and kids at heart what they really want) a chocolate Advent Calendar. We have all the good ones! Stop by the store to hear our special chocolate countdown specials., Everyone's favorite part of Thanksgiving is, of course, the pie! Apple, pumpkin, chocolate, rhubarb, peach, cherry ... we love them all.

Can't wait for a slice to make its way around the table? Satiate that desire with one of our Pie Crazy Truffles.

A Taste of the Orchard is our Apple truffle with mulled cider in a thick butter ganache with cinnamon.

Our Pumpkin Cheesecake truffle is incredibly sweet and fluffy, giving a potent pumpkin spice kick.

But my favorite is our Drunken Pecan Pie Truffle, a thick nutty pecan ganache in dark chocolate with a splash of Brandy for good measure., As you're reading this post, the world is running out of chocolate?!How can science save this most endangered treat: 
http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2014-11-14/to-save-chocolate-scientists-develop-new-breeds-of-cacao.html?hootPostID=027c7d47f3d71ffc1c17c3261ceaef58, Looking for a sumptuous treat to celebrate the weekend? We've got you covered with the amazing Pistachio Pralines of Yves Thuries.

The ornate flavor of pistachio billows out of their overstuffed white chocolate shell. The white chocolate provides a deluxe creamy backdrop that really accentuates the warm nutty flavor of the pistachio.

Truly a delectable treat from the renowned pastry chef, given numerous awards for his innovation and creativity. Let his vision celebrate the joy of taste with you., Check out our feature in Improper Bostonian! A selection from Gourmet Boutique can give anyone a crash course in how to take a bite of the good life! Read the whole story here: http://www.improper.com/features/guides-to-the-good-life/P5/, December 1st is almost two weeks away, can you believe it? Well Gourmet Boutique can and and we have just the thing to kick start your holiday season - Advent Calendars! 

Kinder, Milka, Haribo and more know how to get you in the holiday spirit with festive advent calendars featuring some of their classics. Kinder is featuring a Kinder Friends calendar and Haribo is spreading their holiday cheer with an assortment/variety calendar.  

Come in today and grab your's before it's too late! They're going fast and December 1st will be here before you know it!, Have a long week ahead of you? Ward off the Monday blues with an assortment of our delicious truffles.

Give yourself a touch of elegance with a mimosa cream enrobed in white chocolate, or embrace your inner child with a peanut butter cream cone truffle. Whatever it takes to push through the work week and keep on smiling through., The moment you bite into a macaroon your taste buds dance and you're flooded with good memories. Whether it be apple pie with your family after a bite of candy apple or Christmas time after a bite of peppermint, every bite resonates with a happy memory. We've got a new shipment of macaroons waiting for you with some festive flavors. Come experience some happy! 

From the left: white chocolate, candy apple, vanilla, pistachio, mocha, and peppermint., With Thanksgiving on the horizon, it's got me thinking of my Uncle's famous Apple sauce. Delicious and sweet, he makes them with the skin still on, so it comes out pink.

The center of our Caramel Apple Macarons have that same sweet creamy texture and really pops with delicious Fall flavor. There are only so many more days to enjoy the crisp Autumn air alongside one of these amazing Macarons., Love marzipan? Then you need to come in soon because the limited edition Niederegger have arrived! Niederegger is known for its exquisite marzipan, once you try it, other marzipan will never be the same.
There are an assortment of mini loaves from caramel brownie and espresso to pineapple and pistachio. And the Marzipan Weihnachtsschokolade, the Christmas marzipan bar, has also arrived! 
With cinnamon, almonds and honey cake wrapped in the finest milk chocolate, it melts in your mouth., Looking for a quick, pick me up this Monday, how about an award winning chocolate for the award winner in you to power through the Monday blues.

Chocolate and Love is a Swiss company that has won the very prestigious Silver Award from the Academy du Chocolat. The premier authority on chocolate.

Their bar certainly shows their love and passion, with a rich decadent milk dark chocolate. At once, both creamy and incredibly flavorful. They use fair trade organic cacao beans out of Peru, hand selected to create an exquisite flavor profile.

Add in a robust, dark roast coffee, for the kick. You're left with an incredible chocolate, sure to get you through the week., Quite the snow storm flurried on through Boston today, and had residents quickly reaching for the hot cocoa and little marshmallows.

If we're in for an early winter, I might recommend keeping warm like they do in Finland: with delicious Fazer chocolates.

We have "right sized" milk chocolate bars, for when you need a very specific amount of chocolate to escape the cold. The Fazer bar has delightfully crisp peppermint pieces, to remind us that winter isn't all bad.

Fazer's most popular chocolates, though, are their Vodka truffles. A dark chocolate shell with a liquid vodka center. A potent kick that'll get us through until spring ... Even though it's only now November., TRICK OR TREAT YO'SELF!

Why should kids have all of the fun?  And do you really want to sneak candy out of their bags again (they've probably caught on)?Come in to Gourmet Boutique today and get yourself an adult-sized Chuao Chocolatier Pretzel Toffee Twirl bar!  This delicious confection boasts mini pretzels and buttery toffee mixed together in a 100 % natural dark chocolate.  Salty and sweet?  What a Halloween treat!

We hope you all have a safe and spectacular Halloween!, Spice up a plain old s'more with Butter's Homemade Marshmallows! We've got classics like chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry, as well as rose, pistachio, and toasted coconut. And we have pumpkin spice for the PSL lovers. My favorite is the toasted coconut, come find out what's yours!, Want to be known as the cool house this Halloween? A pack of German Kinder bars is sure to wow trick-or-treaters, with sweet, smooth real chocolate. 

Just make sure to save some for yourself., Board Game or tasty treat? Why not have both! http://www.purplepawn.com/2014/10/edible-chocolate-board-games/, With Fall upon us, and my way to work paved in orange and yellow leaves, I can't help but smile at the crinkles and cracks that dog my footsteps.

They've put me in the mood for a treat that's crisp and crunchy, and none are so delightful as the crispness of Manner Wafers.

The warm, crunchy hazelnut  wafer is a perfect snack for fall. Layers of sweet creamy nutella cream between thin layers of perfect crisp. When you're thinking of taking a bite out of fall, consider Manner Wafers., Join us on an excursion across France by tasting the Essential French Confections. We travel through Brittany, Paris, and Provence with some truly awesome sweets!

Let us know what your Favorite French Confections are!

https://gourmetboutique.wordpress.com/2014/10/24/french-essentials/, Kusmi Detox and Wellness Teas are the new hottest form of detox and relaxation and people everywhere are trying to get their hands on it. 

Luckily, Gourmet Boutique sells it exclusively in the Boston area with great variety. Sold individually, the BB Detox or Beauty Beverage green tea with a hint a grapefruit, helps aid your skin, giving you a flawless glow. The original Kusmi Detox is an amazing blend of green tea and lemon grass, excellent for cleansing the body and mind. 

Along with these great individual packs (which come with 20 bags inside per box) Gourmet Boutique also sells a variety Wellness pack, perfect for any occasion. Busy and need a moment of relaxation? Try the boost tea. Looking for the perfect detox tea? The original detox blend comes in this variety pack as well!, In 2004, Cecilia and Alessop Tessieri obtained an exclusive contract to cocoa sourced from Chuao, a small village located on the northern coastal range of Venezuela that is famous for its cacao. There was born the exclusive Amedei Chuao bar: only a few of the world's finest chocolate makers, use this chocolate due to its high price. The Amedei Chuao chocolate bar is classed as single origin and single variety chocolate. 

Amedei is now on the list of world’s best chocolate makers and Cecilia is the world’s first female master chocolatier. Amedei also remains the four time winner of the prestigious Golden Bean chocolate award from the Chocolate Academy of London. From their Porcelana Bar to their Latte bar, Amedei is a Gourmet Boutique favorite!, Gourmet BOOtique loves Halloween! Come in today and try one of the various Moonstruck Halloween truffles. 

Both festive and delicious, the truffles are available both individually and in variety packs that are perfect for a sweet treat or a yummy gift on Halloween night. 

All the truffles are filled with a variety of milk or dark chocolate, creamy peanut butter filling, creme brûlée and much more, molded into spooky or festive shapes like pumpkins and ghosts! 

These are so tasty, it's almost scary!, With the weather turning colder, drinks are getting hotter, and if you haven't yet broken out your Winter Emergency Capacity Tea Pot, expect to do so soon.

Whether you're enjoying your tea by yourself or with company, having a little sweet to go alongside really helps brighten the day.

Do as the French do, and have some milk chocolate Gavottes with your tea.

Melty indulgent milk chocolate with the light crispness of baked crepes on the inside brings your tea party to the next level.

Looking to pick out a tea too? We've got a whole wall to choose from at the boutique!, Carnations have followed humanity throughout history at weddings, in myth and legend, even fermented into liquor (chartreuse). But our favorite use of carnations is in Artisan du chocolat 's Carnation and Orange Milk Chocolate.

Carnation provides an aromatic vegetal flavor, almost spicy when mixed with chocolate. It pairs very nicely with the potent orange flavors, giving it an incredibly rich and fragrant chocolate., At the end of the week, who doesn't enjoy a sumptuous treat. Chuao Chocolatier has a bar, dark chocolate mixed with sea salt and toasted pastry crust. Inspired by the French desert, pain du chocolat, this bar delivers a potent concoction of salty and sweet, with a delightful crisp texture; a light crunch, just enough to give this bar a distinctive texture while maintaining a very smooth experience., For our Milk Chocolate Monday, we're digging into the delicious flavors of Fall with Prestat Chocolade Pecan and Maple Milk Chocolate.

Prestat is the chocolate company for the Royal Family in England, and produces some particularly scrumptious chocolates.

The combination of maple and milk chocolate absolutely explodes with rich unending streams of flavor. The maple gives the bar a bit of a bite, which comes and goes as it is broken up by the soft crunch of pecans. The pecan adds a bit of texture and warm nutty notes that wraps this bar up with a delicious ribbon.

A perfect chocolate to eat while watching the leaves turn., We're enjoying our "Swiss Chocolates and Love" that just came into the store, in particular they have an incredibly rich and creamy 55% chocolate mixed with the perfect dash of savory sea salt.

We often see a dark, dark chocolate augmented with a splash of salt to bring out the flavors of cacao, but with a 55% (a light dark, or a dark milk) the salt serves to emphasize both the delicious chocolate, and well as the rich flavor of the Swiss cream used in this deliciously smooth chocolate bar., We've just received an absolutely phenomenal Matcha Chocolate Bar from Spanish Chocolatiers, Cacao Sampaka.

The matcha they use is so authentic and concentrated, you can almost see  the tea froth in the surface of the chocolate.

Green tea has a clean delicate flavor, greatly amplified by a high quality matcha. The chocolatiers combine it with a pure cacao butter to fill out the richness of the chocolate and ensure that this chocolate doesn't intrude upon the pure flavor of the tea., The Serendipity 3 burger was recently named one of the most expensive is the world. A perfect storm of pampered Japanese beef, nutty Italian Truffles, and exquisite Russian Caviar, this burger takes some of the most sought after ingredients, mixes them together, the dusts the whole thing in Gold.

The Serendipity 3, follows a modern trend of caviar reaching into wider ranges of cuisine, heartening back to the hey day of caviar in America, where Caviar was considered commonplace at all level of American eateries.

The price of caviar, however, is not quite what it was in the 1920's, contributing to the burgers $300 price tag.

A smart chef can whip up their own fantastic Caviar Burger for a fraction of  the cost by following a few simple tips.

-Use high quality beef, cooked rare and chilled briefly before applying caviar.
-Use a buffer between the caviar and beef, creme fraiche or whipped egg whites. Thinly sliced cucumber also add a refreshing crunch.
-Use a warm flavor to bring the flavor of the caviar and beef together, truffle oil or high quality butter will do the trick.

We love the interesting and fantastic caviar recipes, share your favorites in the comments!, We love yoga, it does for the body what chocolate does for the soul. A good workout gives you that much needed boost! We took a trip to an amazing new yoga studio in Roslindale called STARR YOGA. The instructor Julie was incredibly knowledgeable and gave us a super workout customized to different levels in our group! She kept a good pace and the hour flew by. It was such a great experience we're thinking about trying to integrate a little yoga into our chocolate tasting. Chocolate and Yoga – talk about a true Zen moment. If you get the chance, make it up to Starr Yoga in Roslindale we highly recommend it., We're just nuts about Hazlenuts, though not as popular as peanuts here in the states, they reign supreme in Europe, where this versatile nut is whipped up into a wide variety of delicious chocolates.

In Northern Italy Hazlenuts are blended into a cream and mixed in equal parts chocolate liquor to create incredibly luxurious Gianduja bars. Or you can enjoy them whole in a Belgian milk Chocolate, giving the bar a delightfully soft crunch. Lastly, enjoy a Hazlenut praline whipped into a creamy center for a Neuhaus Dark Chocolate bar. Regardless of you preference, it always feels good to find the right blend of hazlenut for you., It may be dreary and wet outside, but indoors we're heating things up with Alcove's Dark Chocolate with Chipotle.

Did you know that chipotle chilies are Jalapeño peppers that have been smoked and dried? Jalapeño's, with their thick skin, need smoke and heat to dry properly, and the result is tangy, flavorful chipotle chili.

The process mellows some of the spice of the jalapeño and gives it a touch of sweetness that blends very well with the flavors of cacao.

If you're looking for a good spiced chocolate with a mild sweet burn, I recommend a good chipotle chocolate bar., Hachez has been making high quality chocolate for a very long time; a German Company incredibly well known for it's incredibly smooth chocolate. Despite a very dark chocolate the flavor delivers an intensity of cacao while retaining a mild finish.

They mix an impressive array of flavors, and at our little boutique we're partial to their Blackberry and Cacao Nibs bar.

With a 77% dark chocolate, this bar delivers a potent kick of chocolate, but doesn't overpower the sweet tangy flavor of the blackberry. The fruit flavor evokes a vein of silky sweetness that entwines into the cacao. The addition of cacao nibs, really broadens the tastes of the chocolate, and gives the bar a needed crunch to break up the experience so that it comes to your tongue with waves of flavor.

A delicious fruity taste treat , will quite a lengthy pedigree. We can't recommend it enough!, It's officially Fall and we have fallen in love with our latest macaron flavor: Candy Apple! Flavors of cinnamon and nutmeg mingle with crisp apple for a bold and irresistible flavor. Come get your's today before their all gone!, With a bit of Autumn chill in the air, sometime a touch of Irish whiskey in your chocolate is all you need to keep warm.

We've just received a new shipment of Butlers Chocolates with flavors from the Emerald Isle: honeycomb, butterscotch, and whiskey chocolates.

Butlers uses Irish Milk in heir chocolates that give even their dark chocolates a rich creamy flavor. Pair that with the smooth flavors of Irish Whisky, and you have a treat sure to delight!, Just in from MarieBelle, we've received their decadent chocolate saucisson. Thick rich chocolate blended with a variety of robust flavors in a whimsical loaf shape.

The chocolate itself is absolutely superb, and we expect no less from Maribelle; dark chocolate, heavy with cacao butter, with a luscious melt in your mouth texture that will draw you instantly to a second bite.

The Saucisson is also packed with a blend of fruit and nuts, giving it a delightful mixture of chew and crunch with shifting tides of salty cashews and almonds and sweet orange peel and cranberry.

A potent and robust chocolate with a wonderful mix of flavors perfect for the heralding of Fall!, While we import a great many chocolates from far off lands, it's nice to know we have some pretty excellent local chocolates here in Boston.

Taza specializes in stone ground chocolates much In the style of early Mesoamerican chocolates. They recently released a whole slew of new flavors with a great new look.

My favorite of these is their Raspberry Cacao Nib dark chocolate bar. Stone ground chocolate has a particular texture, course with magnificent bursts of flavor. The addition of cacao nibs breaks up the texture of the chocolate even more with a delightful crunch. The combination of these two features turns the chocolate into a confetti of chocolate with every bite, releasing an incredibly potent raspberry flavor. The dark, decadent raspberry really gives this bar an amazing depth without overshadowing the flavors locked with the chocolate.

Truly a taste sensation that we highly recommend., As the first cool air warnings of fall's impending arrival hit New England, many might start craving a cup of hot tea. The geniuses at The Tea Room in San Francisco have managed to quell both tea and chocolate cravings with their tea-infused chocolates!

These organic, Non-GMO chocolates have finely milled teas swirled into rich chocolate. Try the popular Green Earl Grey, which boasts notes of bergamot jumping out of a decadent dark chocolate base, the soothing Chamomile and Honey white chocolate bar, or bring the bonfire to your palette with the Lapsang Souchong dark chocolate bar, which combines the richness of dark chocolate with a smoked wood tea taste for a beautiful mix of sweet and savory. 

Welcome the change of the season with a bar of Tea Room chocolate today!, Les macarons sont ici!

We just received our newest shipment of macarons, filled with all of your favorite flavors including honey lavendar, Nutella, pistachio, crème brûlée, and cassis. Come pick up one or two (...dozen) today!, With the price of cacao butter increasing, many chocolate companies are switching their recipes to include more CBE's (Cacao Butter Equivalents) most often palm oil and derivatives. 

http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/09/05/us-asia-cocoa-substitute-idUSKBN0H009X20140905

The inferior palm oil is high in saturated fats, low in nutrients, and lacks the same chemical structure as cacao butter to create the same great texture and flavor. Fortunately, companies like Askinosie still use pure cacao butter, and, in fact, they press their own cacao butter to ensure the highest quality. Cacao butter contains an arrangement of crystalline structures that puts a chocolate bars melting point above external body temperature, but below internal body temperature, so despite what M&M's would have you believe, any true chocolate with pure cacao butter wont melt in your hand but will melt in your mouth. If you're looking for any of the health benefits of chocolate, you'll need to look for any pure chocolate with cacao butter and cacao solids, anything less is closer to frosting than a true piece of chocolate. Check the ingredients for the good stuff, Askinosie goes a step further and makes sure the cacao solids and cacao butter used in his bars comes from the same beans., For our Chocolate Trivia Tuesday, did you know that cacao beans are roasted before they go into the chocolate making process. The cacao roasting process, though not as popularly known, is just as important to the flavor as roasting coffee beans  for coffee. The more you roast the beans, the more flavorful they become, but they also become more bitter. A precise recipe and process is called for to ensure the proper flavor, interestingly, different countries tend to roast their beans differently. The French tend to over roast their beans, bringing out a more flavorful but biting flavor, while the Belgians tend to prefer their beans under roasted and mild. Regardless of country, however, they say that a 72% cacao chocolate bar is the best percentage to taste the subtle arrangements of flavor present in a properly roasted chocolate bar., Cacao nibs are the crushed bits of delight that come from the cacao bean, one step before becomes delicious decadent chocolate. Cacao nibs carry a ton of intense chocolate flavor tempered with an equal part cacao butter. They have a light flavorful bitterness followed by a nutty after note. 

Double Premium reintroduces their chocolate to the cacao nibs for an bar that stands out as a flavor sensation. The rich dark chocolate fills in between crackle crunches of the cacao nibs, each with a flavorful burst. This bar feels very down to earth with a satisfying taste and crunch. Double Premium Confections doesn't skimp on the ingredients, and makes for a remarkably tasty chocolate!, We're taking a new look at an old favorite.

Marzipan was first created by a Persian doctor who lived from 852 to 923 who praised the healing benefits of almond and sugar paste. Then in 13th century Italy, spices and confectionery were traded in small boxes, the word for box, Mataban, came to be used for its contents: Mazapane (Italian), Massepain (French), and Marzipan (German).

Originally, Marzipan was a delicacy saved for the wealthy and noble, but in the first half of the 19th century it became more affordable when sugar could be extracted from sugar beet. 

The first Niederegger store was opened in 1806 in Lubeck, their recipe for Marzipan was as many almonds as possible and as little sugar as necessary; the same recipe you can find in our stores today!, Everyone loves popcorn and everyone loves chocolate, so why not combine the two? With Chuao's pop corn pop bar you can have it all! The salty and buttery flavor of the popcorn combines with rich, decadent milk chocolate provide an irresistible package. Pop on over and get your's today!, We're going bananas for chocolate with a delicious selection of two chocolate bars that use the yellow fruit in positively delightful ways.

MarieBelle keeps it simple.  A light dark chocolate and an abundance of real banana give this bar a thick frothy texture as you taste your way through it. The light creamy banana evens the flavor of the chocolate giving it a very unique flavor profile.

Vosges Haut-Chocolat pairs their banana chocolate with coconut ash. The smoky flavors of the coconut really even out as the banana's fruity flavors really blends it into the chocolate itself.

Banana has a sort of unique creaminess to it's texture that gives chocolate a fantastic distinction that is worth a try., Neuhaus is a much beloved brand here at Gourmet Boutique, a premier Belgian Brand that really stands for quality. So we were overjoyed at receiving their newest snack bars. Milk Chocolate with Speculoos.

Speculoos is a traditional Belgian Cookie, often blended into a delicious praline. The have a tasty warm flavor with an aroma of spices, and an absolutely heavenly texture.

Paired with Neuhaus Milk chocolate heavy with decadent cacao butter, this chocolate bar is an absolute sensation. Come on in and grab a taste of Belgium., It's a sad fact of life: people can't enjoy certain foods due to sensitivities and allergies. Luckily, we can help those with a gluten sensitivity with the help of CocoMira!  

CocoMira comes to our shop from Canada, where chocolatiers craft chocolates topped with a variety of butter crunches that are not only free of gluten, but also of any artificial flavors or colors, preservatives, or high-fructose corn syrup. 

We have a great array of flavors that are just begging to be enjoyed, so come by and try one today!, It's the last day of August! Fall is almost here and we are definitely falling in love with Bissinger's Gummy Pandas. In a great assortment of flavors and all natural ingredients, what's not to love? Blackberry Hibiscus, Pomegranate White Tea, Blueberry Acai, Raspberry Yumberry, Pink Grapefruit with grapeseed, and Apricot Green Tea: it's sheer panda-monium!, Today's tasting's theme was gluten free chocolate. We had a smooth Caffarel Latte milk chocolate, an exciting Quinoa and Agave dark chocolate from Bissinger's, and CocoMira's Maple Pecan Crunch, which was the clear favorite amongst the crowd.., At Gourmet Boutique, we have a wide variety of international chocolates, but today we'd like to focus on a local gem: Taza Chocolates. 

The Taza factory is located in Somerville, where expert chocolatiers handcraft fair trade, organic chocolates in a traditional stone-ground Mexican style. While the texture might vary from your usual chocolate bar, the taste might turn this chocolate into one of your favorites!

We carry dark chocolate bars with a cacao content of up to 87%, or try one of the company's flavor discs. Combine the three pictured for a traditional Mexican chocolate that will dance a Jarabe Tapatío on your tongue!, A member of the Gourmet Boutique team was vacationing in Portland, OR last week and was thrilled to discover that her hotel was a mere five-minute walk from the Moonstruck Café, a café that specializes in handcrafted chocolates and a featured chocolatier at Gourmet Boutique!

Many truffles were sampled, and two of the winners were the cone truffles. The Peanut Butter Cone features creamy peanut butter and French milk chocolate buttercream combined and dipped in milk chocolate, then topped with peanuts. The Cookies n' Cream Cone boasts chocolate cookie chunks swirled into French vanilla buttercream, surrounded by dark chocolate.  It was like ice cream without the brain freeze!

Good news for everyone on the East Coast: these truffles (and many more) can be found at the chocolate bar in Gourmet Boutique!  Come try one (or both, or everything) today!, There is more to Brazil than soccer! Master Chocolatier Francois Pralus uses exclusively Brazilian Cacao Beans in this fantastic single origin bar.

Pralus sticks to 75% cacao, for a very rich dark chocolate, just light enough that you can pick out the subtle nuances of the flavor.

Pralus sources his beans from a plantation with over 100 years of tradition along the Rio de Contas. The river provides a very comfortable location for cacao to grow. The Brazilian locale, imbues the chocolate with an oaky flavor with a very woody aroma. The chocolate packs quite a wallop from the moment it touches your tongue. As a very aromatic chocolate, it goes right to your head, with a very long and smooth finish.

An excellent chocolate to finish off an eventful weekend!, Our Chocolate Tour is definitely in for a treat today with three interesting and wonderful milk chocolate bars! First, Niederegger Milk Bar, the best when it comes to delicious German marzipan in a smooth milk chocolate shell. Next, Dolfin's Milk Chocolate and Cinnamon bar, a spicy chocolate experience. Concluding our chocolate adventure was the Bissinger's Dulce de Leche bar, gooey caramel covered with milk chocolate and adorned with salt. Come and share the experience today and pick up your own Milk Chocolate Adventure!, We found Nemo, and he was filled with delicious sweet peanut butter. We just received a full shipment of all our favorite truffles as well as a few new flavors. Feel free to drop in and give them a try., The end of summer doesn't have to mean the end of fun! Spice things up by combining your favorite chocolates into a scrumptious dessert! Here we have a Kinder chocolate cupcake that might be the most beautiful thing we've ever seen. Get creative in the kitchen and share the chocolate love!, We would like to thank all of our chocolate lovers out there for voting us to be Boston A-List's #1 Chocolatier! Thank you for all of your votes and we hope to see you soon!, Neuhaus chocolate boxes are a great gift for any occasion! It's common knowledge that there is no creamier milk chocolate, but did you know Neuhaus has a rich history as well?

Jean Neuhaus settled in Brussels and opened a pharmacy in 1857 where began the practice of coating his medicines in a layer of chocolate to make them more palatable. 

Expanding on his ingenuity, his grandson replaced the medicines with fresh cream in 1912 and gave birth to the first filled chocolate, naming it "praline"

From there Neuhaus grew and expanded into the world's most well known luxury Belgian chocolatier and remains the market leader in the Belgium chocolate sector! We have a great selection of the world's best here at Gourmet Boutique, come try some for yourself!, There's nothing better than a glass of wine after a long day of work, and nothing better to pair with it than a bar of Valrhona chocolate. A luxury French chocolate, Valrhona has a bar for every taste from their Blond Dulcey to the Abinao. A simple rule of thumb: complimentary pairings are dark chocolate with red wine and milk/white chocolate with white wine; contrasting pairings are the opposite. Grab a couple bars and host your own chocolate and wine tasting today!, Last night, a Gourmet Boutique employee made a risotto using Sabatino products from our shop. The rice was sautéed in a white olive oil, and as it cooked in place of any butter, cheese, or milk, truffle flour was added to thicken the risotto. Finally, a summer truffle carpaccio was stirred in, adding a meaty texture while still keeping the recipe vegetarian. Mama mia, was it good. 

While we don't have the rice you need, we have the goods to turn a basic meal into a decadent Mediterranean experience here at Gourmet Boutique!, As the summer winds down, soak up those last bits of sunshine with Tea Forte's Nantucket Sampler. Tea Forté makes some of the most delicious teas and their presentation is second to none! Pick up a set for yourself or a friend, and we promise you'll absolutely love it!, Lavender had widespread use in Roman and Ancient Greek Culture, but wasn't used as a part of culinary culture until medieval times.

Today, I'm enjoying a Lavender blended chocolate bar, from Belgian company Dolfin. They get the Lavender to Chocolate ratio just right, for a delightfully floral taste in a decadent dark chocolate., Come one come all! Macarons are in! Stock up on your favorite flavors before they're all gone!, Our truffle flavor of the week is from our new line of truffles, Moonstruck, and gives new meaning to "Chocolate Lab".

These adorable pups are filled with a delightful milk chocolate ganache. The chocolate is incredibly smooth, decadent, and buttery. We've carried many truffles that are almost too cute to eat, but these guys take the cake! 

Drop by and adopt a box of chocolate puppies, we're trying to make sure they make it to a good home., Come by and check out our new selection of Moonstruck chocolates! A company out of Portland, Oregon that set out with a goal to make chocolate that tastes as good as it looks. They succeeded in creating a truffle that's almost too cute to eat but definitely too delicious to resist. This summer treat is guaranteed to put a smile on anyone's face!, Sweet Sloops have sailed into Gourmet Boutique!  

Made by local chocolatiers at Harbor Sweets, these tasty little ships feature an almond butter crunch toffee that is enrobed in white chocolate and then dipped in dark chocolate for a tasty, aesthetically pleasing treat that is authentically New England. 

Sweet Sloops are available as individual pieces as well as in bags at our shop. Come sail the tasty seas today!, Michel Cluizel is known for their amazingly delicious chocolate. Always simple and elegant, they never disappoint. Sometimes Michel Cluizel has a little fun with their sweets and gifts us with chocolate sardines! These little guys bring a smile to everyone's face! Adorably sweet and deliciously scrumptious, these chocolate sardines make a fun gift for all ages!, Gold has had a long history of medicinal properties and innumerable uses in a multitude of industries. 

And now you can use it to wow your dinner guests when it comes to dessert presentation.

ChocoMe has released a wide range of delicious chocolates, but none of them so decadent as their Golden Bar.

A combination of dark chocolate and pistachios, merged with crystallized rose petals, cherries, and actual 23 karat gold. 

The flavor is a bombastic symphony, a chocolate bitterness with tart cherries, that gives way to the salted tumble of pistachios. As the crystal rose petals break upon your tongue , they release a burst of sweetness and a potent floral accompaniment.

Visually, the bar is absolutely stunning, and the gold leaf really stand out.

Break apart and serve with ice cream, or perhaps a decadent Black Forest Cake. Either way, it is a chocolate not easily forgotten., Looking for something new and exciting to bring to a summer party? Add some gourmet flair with a bar from chocoMe! A Hungarian brand with humble origins, chocoMe set out to create the perfect bar of chocolate. With beautiful details and fresh ingredients, chocoMe bars provide rich flavor and a stunning visual. Touches like edible gold, unique spices and freeze-dried fruit provide an experience that tastes as good as it looks!, Looking for a treat that contains sweeteners alternative to sugar?  We have some delicious options!

Made locally in Jamaica Plain, Apotheker's makes small batch chocolates that are sweetened with raw honey. Currently, we have these bars in mint as well as cherry and almond chocolate bars (both 79% cocoa). 

Bissingers is another domestic (though not local) chocolatier that has tapped into other natural sweeteners when making some of their chocolate. Their Quinoa Agave Crunch combines puffed quinoa as an alternative to rice as well as 75% cocoa, finished off with agave nectar in place of sugar. 

All three bars prove that the road less taken can be delicious!, It is absolutely beautiful outside! To celebrate, grab some mini-crostinis from O&CO! Jazz these bite sized treats up with a savory or sweet twist! These make perfect snacks for a picnic outside or a tapas style dinner. Stop by and pick up a pack before they're all gone!, Is it just us, or is this summer flying by?  Luckily, the season lasts until September 21st, which means that it's still s'more season!

Give your classic s'mores a gourmet twist with marshmallows from Butter Baked Goods.  We have rose, toasted coconut, and strawberry flavors, as well as classic vanilla. 

In the mood for a classic s'more but on the go?  Enter Askinosie S'more Bark!  This treat boasts a dark milk chocolate made with goat's milk that enrobes bits of marshmallow and graham cracker. 

   Come to Gourmet Boutique and try either of these confections today!  Campfire optional., Today is national milk chocolate day! Did you know milk chocolate was developed by a Swiss man working very closely with Nestlé, grab a European KitKat to enjoy a piece of milk chocolate history., Need a little something to get you through this rainy Monday? Come by the store and pick up a tin of Kusmi BB Detox tea! Bursting with delicious grapefruit flavor, this tea will have you feeling refreshed and ready to take on the rest of the week!, On a rainy New England Sunday, we like to reach for a good local chocolate.

Harbor Sweets has been around since 1973, making fine chocolates with a nautical flair. We just received a fresh batch of their gift boxes and their most popular item: the Sweet Sloop.

A Sweet Sloop is an almond toffee, dipped in white chocolate, then dipped in milk chocolate and a pecan spindrift. Delicious sweet crunchable ships that are not afraid to brave the seas of flavor!, Do you know your tea? There's actually quite a bit to know about green tea! Check out these green tea 101 facts provided by Sencha! Sencha clearly outlines all the different personalities and qualities green tea can have. So, the next time you take a sip of green tea, remember how special and uniquely delicious it might be! 

Also, don't forget to keep voting for us on Boston A-list for "Best Chocolatier"! 
http://boston.cityvoter.com/best/chocolatier/food/boston, Conditions continue to decline for chocolate growing, and the price of cacao has gone up so much that even Hershey's can't ignore it, raising prices by as much as 8%.

As prices increase chocolate begins to look less like a fun snack and more like an indulgent experience. When you pick out your chocolate, keep an eye out for the higher quality stuff. Don't take your chocolate for granted, find the delectables that truly live up to chocolate's potential.

http://www.slate.com/blogs/moneybox/2014/07/24/chocolate_is_getting_expensive_hershey_and_mars_both_raise_prices.html, We all know that the lower the sugar and the darker the chocolate, the higher the health benefits upon consumption.  Unfortunately, the bitterness of chocolate can be a turn off to many palates. Enter science!

http://www.businessinsider.com/r-chocolate-too-bitter-swap-sugar-for-mushrooms-2014-21

While we wait for this to possibly become a regular practice with chocolatiers, here are a few suggestions on making darker chocolate more palatable: put chunks of it into a fruit smoothie for a little extra bang for your health buck, or stir some into black bean soup to add richness and an antioxidant boost.  As you can see, we have some great options for your to try here at Gourmet Boutique!, Good morning chocolate lovers! We are excited to let you know that our latest shipment of macarons are in! They go quick so get your favorite flavors while you can! We can't wait to see you :), Not much time to cook but still craving a light, flavorful and simple dinner tonight?  Try a pasta with one of the truffle-based sauces from Umbra, an authentic Italian line that we carry here at Gourmet Boutique. Both black and white truffle sauces are available, with or without cream.  Add a side salad tossed with a basil-infused olive oil and a dessert of fruit and dark chocolate, and presto! In less than 30 minutes you've taken a trip to Italy via Umbra products and Gourmet Boutique!, Did you know it's national ice cream month? We did and we scream for ice cream! Sometimes it's hard to choose what flavor you want, but an easy solution is to buy a tub of plain vanilla and grab some fruit jams or fun fudge flavors to add in to create some amazing summer flavors! Lucky for you, we've got those fun flavors! Stop by and pick up a jar of dark chocolate with candied orange peels, Rhubarb or Black currant jam to add to your ice cream. We can't wait to celebrate with you :), We recently received another shipment of Dolfin, the Belgian Company that specializes in the art of mixing. Their lavender in dark chocolate strikes the perfect balance of rich flavorful aromatic chocolate with light aromatic lavander. This chocolate is balanced on the edge of a knife; anymore of one ingredient and it would overshadow the others. It takes a keen chocolatier to create a chocolate so even and delicate. We recommend this chocolate whole heartedly., Neuhaus produces some of the best truffles around. Their Belgian confections are truly works of art! The Sommelier collection is a unique and elegant experience of the world's greatest duo, wine and chocolate. The Sommelier collection comes with a booklet outlining exquisite wine and chocolate pairings. This magnificent product makes an excellent gift for those summer dinner parties that'll surely impress!, Historically, Trinidad is home to some of the finest cacao, particularly the rare Criollo bean. However, plague in the 1700's wiped out all of the island nation's delicate criollo plants, falling back to the more common Forrestario.

When Criollo was rediscovered, it was brought back to Trinidad. The criollo was cross bred with the native cacao and resulted in a hybrid species, now known as the Trinitario. 

Valrhona Chocolate embraces the interesting history of Trinidad with their Gran Couva Estate Bar. Not only are all cacao beans from Trinidad, but they all come from a single cacao plantation, enriching the flavor, giving it a flavor profile of fresh mint and spices., Pile those German Chocolates high! We just received a massive order of Milka and Kinder! Our shelves are literally overflowing with German Chocolates! Come and enjoy a Kinder Bueno or the incredibly addictive Oreo Milka!, Today is National Caviar Day, want to celebrate with some last minute Sturgeon Roe? Stop by our little shop we're open till 9:30PM.

My two favorite caviar facts:

Did you know that not all fish eggs are caviar? Only the eggs from the White Sturgeon Fish are considered true caviar, oftentimes called Black caviar or Russian caviar.

Also, it may be hard to believe, but in the 1800's the American Caviar Industry experienced such a boon that caviar was popularly given away for free at bars, very much how they pass out peanuts today.

For more Caviar Info, you can check out the Official National Caviar Day Webpage: http://www.nationalcaviarday.com, Introducing our macaron of the day: the Salted Caramel Crunch macaron. The Salted Caramel Crunch macaron has a delectably delicious taste that will have you begging for more! These little guys pack a sweet punch and are the perfect treat for a cloudy day like today. They'll put the pep back in your step and have you feeling like you're walking on sunshine!, Here at Gourmet Boutique, we are all obviously huge fans of chocolate, but there is something singularly seductive about lemon-flavored desserts in the summer.  That combination of tart and sweet can give one quite a craving, but we're happy to report that we can help you quell said craving in a most delicious way. 

Enter the Meyer Lemon truffle. It's a delicious ivory chocolate infused with that distinctively fresh Meyer Lemon juice. It's like a bite-sized burst of sunshine for your day. Come on in and try one today; it will brighten up your afternoon no matter what the weather brings!, We just had a chocolate celebrity stop by! Joe Harberg from Eat More Chocolate stopped by to pick up a couple Milka bars! We were delighted to confirm that being a chocolate connoisseur doesn't mean being a chocolate snob, but rather a chocolate lover through and through. So, if you love chocolate, stop by the store to pick out anything from your childhood Kinder to our prestigious Amedei bars!, We're setting up for our private chocolate tasting tonight, and we're using a little bit of our new inventory of local Taza Chocolates. We're running a Chocolate History 101, and Taza's stone ground Guajilo Chili is the latest addition to our tasting, representing the early origins of spicy Mayan Chocolates. 

Interested in joining us for a tasting?

You can make a reservation at: http://touch.groupon.com/deals/gourmet-boutique, We've been receiving tons of new chocolates and flavors this summer, but one we're very excited to have in the store is Taza Chocolate! These amazing chocolates come in a disk shape because they can be ground up in your mug and made into hot chocolate by just adding some hot milk! Taza has some incredible flavors like guajillo chile and salted almond, which add a delicious twist to your classic hot chocolate. Stop by the store to see what all the buzz is about!, After a long wait, we finally have our full inventory of Alcove Chocolates including three new flavors: Pomegranate, Chipotle Chili, and Kung Pao Peanut.

The decadent chocolates from Alcove continue to amaze with interesting and unusual chocolates, absolutely bursting with flavor., We just got in a delightfully delicious and wonderfully wondrous new product! We present to you, Askinosie's S'more Bark! S'more bark is delicious dark chocolate with crunchy graham cracker bits and perfectly bite-sized roasted marshmallows. S'more bark is one of a kind and will have you feeling like you're sitting 'round the campfire happy as can be!, Though Chocolate began with the Aztecs and early Mesoamerican Societies, it was quite different from the dessert we know and love today. Aztecs used chocolates in two major ways.

The husk and pulp from cacao pods were harvested and fermented to create an alcoholic beverage akin to beer: a more common drink for the general populace.

The cacao beans were used to create a liquid drinking chocolate, though very different from the hot chocolate we enjoy today. Aztec drinking chocolate did not use milk or sugar, but were also very high in cacao butter. The mixture would be thick and decadent, but also incredibly bitter. This beverage was called xocolātl, meaning “bitter water”, and is commonly believed to be the etymological root of the word chocolate.

Additionally, xocolātl was flavored with a variety of spices and chiles. Making it an incredibly intense beverage.

In today’s world, the company Mariebelle makes a variety of hot chocolate mixes in the style of Aztec xocolātl, incredibly thick with tiered levels of spice. Mariebelle certainly does not make it’s product as bitter or as spicy as it’s historic predecessor, but if your look for intense flavor with a little kick, Mariebelle is a go to brand.

In Aztec culture, cacao was so revered that drinking xocolātl was considered a religious experience for the wealthy and the elite. Drinking chocolate was a nightly ritual for the Aztec leader Monteczuma.

So when you drink chocolate, pause a moment to appreciate that divine flavor., We're starting a little pet project here at Gourmet Boutique, a new blog focusing on "The History of the World in Chocolate". Join us as we travel from ancient South America, through to the chocolates of today, discovering all the fun chocolate trivia along the way.

http://www.chocohistory.tumblr.com, For our tasting today we picked a lot of unique bars, all things we thought our tastees would enjoy. The Prairie Dog Chocolate Bar from B.T. McElrath, a Camel Milk bar from Al Nassma, and an Inclusion Bar from Ethereal., On America's birthday we enjoy the true tastes of Summer. Chuao Chocolatier has several backyard barbecue flavors to get you into the spirit of the 4th of July!

Snack on some salty potato chip chocolate, a great combo with a light crunch, enjoy a bacon bar, with maple syrup stirred right into the chocolate, and for the big finish try a Chuao Firecracker with chipotle spices and pop rocks!

Happy Fourth of July!, We just got in some macarons and our macaron flavor of the day is Nutella! The nutella macaron is an understated masterpiece. The light and fluffy almond flour cookie goes perfectly with the hazelnut perfection of Nutella to create a chocolate and nutty heaven!, Looking for a little something to put spring into your step? A Chardonnay Caramel Truffle is the perfect way to treat yourself. The light buttery Chardonnay folds nicely into the sweetness of the caramel, creating a delicate, sophisticated flavor. A layer of creamy milk chocolate adds to the body of the truffle, and sea salt sprinkled on top accentuates the flavors and brings them all together. A taste treat, not to be missed., With 4th of July right around the corner, it's time to start thinking of what you'll bring to those backyard BBQ's! A fan favorite is the classic chewy chocolate chip cookie! This weekend we used Askinosie's Malted Milky Dark Chocolate bar to create perfection in cookie form! Askinosie's amazing bittersweet chocolate melts in your mouth and is a wonderful substitute for your traditional chocolate chips!, Today we had a visit by the lovely Back Bay Chocolate Tours, and we had them sample some real American salted chocolates with the Fourth of July coming up.

We eased in with a buttered toast milk chocolate by B.T. McElrath. Lightly salted with bread flakes to give the chocolate a satisfying crunch. Next, we moved onto Alcove's Fleur de Pretzel bar, a heavy hint of salt, with pretzel flour mixed in. The pretzel mixture gives the chocolate an incredible warm and full bodied flavor. Lastly, we sampled Vosges Haut-Chocolat latest bacon combination with a rich dark chocolate, bacon, and cinnamon sugar. The zesty cinnamon acts as a delicious bridge between the salty smokey notes of the bacon, with the smooth sweetness of the chocolate.

No matter how you do it, a little salt can really bring out the deep flavors of cacao and give you a potent chocolate experience., Looking for a dessert that will really wow your guests this Fourth of July? Try an assortment of our delicious Macarons, light and buttery with a variety of decadent flavors. 

Our Macarons go quick this time of year , so make sure to call ahead of time to reserve your order! 

Gourmet Boutique (617) 266 2906., We just got in some amazing chocolates! These might be the cutest products we've ever carried! Handcrafted in Portland, Oregon, these gourmet chocolate truffles will put a smile on your face. Here's a picture of their toffee clownfish and milk chocolate lab!, Sometimes, one just needs a bite or two of chocolate instead of an entire box or bar (I've heard of this but have never personally experienced it - give me the whole thing!).  For such occasions, we'd love for you to consider two of the newer bonbons we have in stock:

The Madagascar (L) has the famous rich Madagascar vanilla whipped into a ganache and enrobed in milk chocolate, while the Haiku (R) boasts green tea blended with a creamy white chocolate ganache, which balances it perfectly. All of the bonbons are handcrafted, hand painted, and ready for consumption (specifically, yours). Come try one or both today and get your chocolate fix!, It's a beautiful day outside! Celebrate with Haribo's Happy Cola gummies. These little guys make the perfect snack and won't melt in the heat! Happy Cola gummies are a classic and actually taste just like the drink. They're the perfect treat for a picnic in the park or a stroll down Newbury street!, Our chocolate collection is incredibly extensive, and it can be easy to get lost. Fortunately the Gourmet Boutique Staff is expertly trained to help you navigate the amazing wonders of the world of chocolate. Whether it's dark, milk, or white chocolate, we'll make sure you get a chocolate that's a perfect fit. Just consider us your chocolate Sherpa.

Want to learn more about the deeper mysteries of chocolate? You can sign up for one of our informative chocolate tastings.  http://touch.groupon.com/deals/gourmet-boutique, LIMITED TIME ONLY! Buy one get one FREE on select chocolates!, The King of Dark Chocolates, the Chocolat Bonnat 100% contains two ingredients: cacao solids and cacao butter. This robust and flavorful bar is not for the faint of heart, as it does not dilute the pure cacao with milk or sugar. The temper of this chocolate is impeccable, and the cacao butter keeps it decadent and smooth. Prepare your tongue for an impressive array of flavors, darker and richer than even the finest French espresso., Do you know what makes a Belgian Chocolate so good? It's all about the cacao butter. Belgium has a long tradition of using high percentages of pure cacao butter in their chocolate, in fact Belgians don't consider it chocolate if it contains any substitutions like vegetable fats.

In 2003, there was some controversy as the EU passed a bill that countries allow a chocolate be labeled as chocolate even if it contains up to 5% vegetable fats. This was met with public outcry in Belgium, but you can bet that any Belgian company worth their cacao is going to make their chocolate pure. That's the Belgian difference.

So stop by our shop where we offer a variety of Belgian lines, like Cote d'Or, Dolfin, and Neuhaus Créateur chocolatier since 1857. Enjoy the extraordinary texture that pure chocolate supplies., Every Good Boy Deserves Fudge, and this tune rings true especially on Father's Day. If the dad's in your life have been good, treat them to an assortment of our delicious chocolate truffles.

We love to celebrate great dads, so make sure you let him know you care today., No need to feel unlucky today on Friday the Thirteenth, when you can have the delicious taste of dark chocolate.

Don't worry the black cats, and enjoy our particularly dark truffle: Midnight in Maracaibo.

This truffle is a 70% dark chocolate ganache with a dark chocolate shell. Flush with cacao butter, the Maracaibo is smooth on the tongue, but absolutely bursting with flavor.

Even if nothing seems to go your way today, this truffle will melt your cares away., Did you know that Black Forest Cake is not named directly after the Black Forest, but rather from the cherry liquor that is common to the region: Kirschwasser. The cherry tree is common to the Black Forest, because it was a German tradition for a new couple to plant one at the start of their married life.

Looking to give your loved one something sweet? You don't need to plant a tree to enjoy the delicious flavor combination of cherry and chocolate. Alcove Chocolatiers make a delicious Black Forest Chocolate Bar with a bit of cake batter and cherry mixed in . Lightly tart, but also decadent and delicious.

Enjoy imported chocolate? Don't forget to vote for us on the Boston A List! 

http://boston.cityvoter.com/best/chocolatier/food/boston, Our latest shipment of macarons are in! Come and get 'em before they're all gone! These guys make the perfect summer treat.

Also, don't forget to vote for us for "Best Chocolatier" on Boston A list! 

http://boston.cityvoter.com/best/chocolatier/food/boston, Anna Anna Shea Chocolates has an incredible bar in their Dark Chocolate with Sea Salt. A smooth and decadent dark chocolate embedded with a tasty sprinkling of sea salt.

Chocolate has a lot of dense protein structures, and the salt helps tease them apart for a powerful chocolate kick. Don't fear a little salt, and jump right into a tasty chocolate, tongue first., Today's a beautiful day for a walk in Boston, especially if you're on a Chocolate Tour.

Don't want to ruin your exercise? Well don't sweat the chocolate, especially if you're looking for health benefits, we picked out some superfood chocolates for our tour today.

Begin with Bissingers Quinoa Agave Crunch Bar, Quinoa is pack full of all the nutrients and fiber your body needs to keep energy up and promote aerobic health.

Next we have Ethereal Confections Mango and Chili bar. Chocolate and the capsaicin in Chili Pepper contain neural active compounds that promote a healthy brain. Grab a spicy chocolate for a mood boost and to help memory retention. There are continuing studies looking at the possibilities of chocolate combating diseases like Dementia and Alzheimer's.

Lastly we have a Mate Infused Bar from The Tea The Tea Room Chocolate Co. Mate is a popular South American Drink, used by many as a cleansing beverage. Mate has shown to be very high in antioxidants, and when coupled with chocolate show signs of fighting off cancer.

So before you write off chocolate as a desert snack, remember that you can have your chocolate and be healthy too., We've been nominated for best chocolate shop in Boston, and we'd love to win the distinction again, but we need your vote starting June 9th!

http://boston.cityvoter.com/best/chocolatier/food/boston

So if you enjoy imported chocolates, the fun delights like Milka and Kinder, the delicious taste combinations of Vosges Haut-Chocolat and Chuao Chocolatier, and the super high quality of Askinosie Chocolate and Valrhona Chocolate be sure to drop our name on the ballet for best chocolate shop in Boston.

http://boston.cityvoter.com/best/chocolatier/food/boston, We've got some new Milka flavors in that are just asking for a little lovin'! These 3 new flavors are absolutely delicious. The pear is pleasantly piquant, the orange is overflowing with goodness, and the plum is practically perfect with every bite! Pick one up for yourself or share the love and grab a gift for a friend! It has been said that you can't buy love, but these guys sure do come close!, The best before and after picture you could ever see! Come and help us enjoy the delicious full stocks of kinder, milka, and haribo!, Feeling a little chocolate fatigue?

On the rare occasion that chocolate has short circuited my flavor receptors, I reach for Manner Apricot Vienna Wafers.

A little fruit helps revitalize the palate and Manner can't be beat for the tender crispness of their wafers., Our macaron flavor of the day is the timeless and classic pistachio! Pistachio offers a delightfully creamy and subtly sweet experience that'll have your tastebuds craving more! Pistachio macarons are perfect for any beginners looking to jump into the delicious world of macarons. So, come on by and see what the craze is all about!, Heidel takes the straight forward approach to their chocolate, good ingredients and no filler. This German chocolate takes a simple path of cacao solids, cacao butter, and not much else.

Heidel Chocolates have a magnificent temper with a hearty snap. Give the chocolate a few big bites, and let it melt slowly on the tongue. They also have bars flavored with chili or orange oil. A light accompaniment to a delicious chocolate., We hope that everyone is having a relaxing Memorial Day and would, of course, love to take the opportunity to express our gratitude to all those who have served and defended their country. 

We will be open for regular business hours today (10-9), and would love to see you!  Included in this photo are some of our favorite American chocolatiers., Preparing a selection of chocolates for tonight's private chocolate tasting. We'll be exploring the origins of chocolate, and how it came to be the delicious treat we know and love. Interested in getting a head full of chocolate knowledge (and a mouthful of chocolate) check out our latest offer on Groupon for chocolate tastings!

http://touch.groupon.com/deals/gourmet-boutique, With the long weekend approaching, stop by the store to pick up one of Tea Forté's Skin smart teas! It's the perfect time to treat yourself to a relaxing cup of tea that will leave you feeling refreshed. These flavors are not only delicious, but are packed with antioxidants. So, grab a box and treat your mind, body, and soul to some well deserved rejuvenation., Vosges Haut-Chocolat has been around for 16 years, now. Making phenomenal chocolates, I often find myself gravitating to their classic Naga bar. A deep milk chocolate, full of the aroma and flavor of curry spices and creamy coconut. A delicious bar that's not to be missed!, Our macarons are finally in and they're going quick! Grab one before your favorite flavor runs out! These little guys are the perfect snack for such a perfect day!, Warm weather is fast approaching and with it comes barbecues and campfires! Celebrate the sunshine with Butters Baked Goods gourmet marshmallows! Choose from a variety of flavors: the ever popular vanilla marshmallow, tropical toasted coconut marshmallow, fruity strawberry marshmallow, and fresh rose marshmallow! These soft and fluffy marshmallows make a great addition to the graham cracker for the perfectly flavored s'more!, Have a bad case of the Mondays? Here's a little pick me up! Marich premium chocolates presents two selections of chocolate covered espresso beans! The first is a delectable selection of Italian roast espresso beans lavished a a rich dark chocolate. The second is a barista blend of Italian roast espresso beans lavished in premium milk, dark, and white chocolates. Give your Monday a kick start with these delicious blends!, We recently received a shipment of a very unusual chocolate made right here in Boston. Apotheker's is a company that handcrafts small batches of delicious chocolate using an unusual ingredient: raw honey.

Apotheker's chocolate in incredibly soft and tender with a smooth melt for a dark chocolate. You also notice right away how aromatic this bar is. 

As you sink your teeth into this bar, your senses are flooded with the heady floral notes of the honey and the robust flavors of a surprisingly dark chocolate. 

Their choices of flavors emphasize the powerful aromatic nature inherent in the honey. A powerful mint chocolate and a cherry almond bar.

Apotheker's has a strong sense for health benefits, and use only natural ingredients. They're passionate about their decadent chocolate and dedicated to healthy living., Our latest shipment of Macarons came in today, and we could hardly get them unpacked without folks grabbing them up.

Our flavor of the week? Passion Fruit. Sweet and tangy with a hint of citrus, the layers of aromatic passion fruit flavors give this macaron a taste worth remembering., We’re shedding a little extra light on chocolate these days with a few accessory upgrades for our little boutique. A fabulous atmosphere for fantastic chocolate lovers., Come in and grab some of latest Chuao Chocolatier bars! Their fun flavors are absolutely amazing. Today's best seller is Ravishing Rocky Road. This dreamy bar has everything you're looking for and more! Its delicious dark chocolate will melt in your mouth, and the almonds and marshmallow add tons of fun and sweetness! So, come on in and grab one before they're all gone!, Come in and try our newest truffle products! These new truffle sauces from Umbra come in 4 delectable flavors: Black truffle, Porcini & cream, White truffle, and White truffle & cream. Each flavor could bring a new and exciting edge to some of your favorite foods! If you haven't tried truffle pizza or fries, then you're definitely missing out! So, stop by today and see for yourself what all the fuss is about, you won't regret it!, It's warming up outside! Come in for a break from the sun and enjoy some of pur favorite ice-cream themed chocolates by #Askinosie and #Tcho. #yumm #spring #icecream #chocolate, Happy Mothers Day to all those wonderful mothers out there. May your special day be filled with flowers, chocolate, and the combination of the two.

You deserve it, we wouldn't be hear without you!, Tomorrow's Mother's Day!  Stop by and get your amazing mother a box of our beautiful gourmet chocolate to tell her you love her :), Not only do we have Hamptons   unprocessed raw honey, we also have a new line of honey-sweetened chocolate to complement it! Apotheker's handcrafted chocolate bars stress chocolate fit for a healthy lifestyle and are created using organic cocoa and pure raw honey! Choose from two decadent flavors, mint and cherry almond., Looking for the perfect bouquet of flowers for your sweet-tooth mother this Mother's Day? How about some candied roses and voilets from Sweets of France? They're edibly beautiful!!, With Mother's Day right around the corner, stop by and pick up the perfect gift. Vosges Mo's bacon chocolate chip pancakes will make the perfect breakfast in bed treat. Treat your mom to this delightful treat and give her a chance for her to rest her feet! After all, they've got the worlds toughest job!, For Cinco de Mayo get into the spirit with Dear Cocoa's Oaxaca Toffee Bar.

Smoky and spicy, the toffee adds both impressive flavor and texture to the chocolate. Dear Cocoa Toffee always has a delightful snap that matches the rich dark chocolate. Roasted pepitas and sea salt round out the bar with a warm nutty flavor and a solid crunch., "Not too long ago, in a galactic chocolate not far away....

It is a chocolate of minty goodness. Mint 
space gelato, striking from a delicious dark chocolate, have won their first victory
for the TCHO Chocolate Empire."

TCHO has wowed us with the quality of their chocolates, and their dark chocolate with astronaut ice cream is the perfect treat to celebrate national Star Wars Day!, Is there any greater pleasure than weekend brunch? (Aside from chocolate, of course) Rather than spend the time making crepes next time, pick up some of Gavottes baked crepes from France! Plain, milk chocolate, or dark chocolate, they are quick and perfect to add to any breakfast!, Today is National Truffle Day! While we enjoy our Belgian Chocolate Truffles, today we celebrate their namesake: savory Italian Truffles.

Beyond chocolate, we carry a wide variety of Sabatino Tartufi Truffles products. These delicious, buttery truffles are hard to find (and harder every day), but when they reach your plate you'll encounter the some of the highest culinary cuisine.

Drizzle a little truffle oil on your salad or popcorn, for a touch of elegance.

Or for the chef in a hurry, we carry truffle dinner kits. The truffled Mac and Cheese is particularly extravagant with smooth creamy sauce and the distinctive nutty flavor of truffles. A perfect option for when you need good food pronto., Tired of this dreary weather? Settle in for the night with a steaming cup of MarieBelle's Aztec Hot Chocolate or a delectable bar of gourmet chocolate with flavors such as Caramelized Almond Bark or Dark Chocolate Strawberry!, Our macaron flavor of the day is passion fruit! This macaron is delightfully sweet and fluffy! Its creamy, buttery filling melts in your mouth, and the black sugar sprinkles add a little crunch and texture. This macaron is a fan favorite, and you should definitely stop by to try one!, Creme Brûlée can really buoy my spirits, and having a few Creme Brûlée truffles by my desk helps with the Monday doldrums.

A thick, eggy custard with flecks of caramelized sugar with a smooth Belgian milk chocolate.  This creamy treat is just what you need on that Monday lunch break., The delicate flavor of Rose water is a perfect compliment to Macarons, Pastries, and Chocolate. 

KNIPSCHILDT CHOCOLATIER makes an excellent dark chocolate with Rosewater. The chocolate has a full, robust flavor both powerful and decadent.

The flavor of the rose has a very penetrating flavor that still gives a light sweetness without taking away from the bars overall flavor. The blend of flavor is particularly unique, as the rosewater is composed of very complex oils, which do not compete for the same space as chocolate within the palate.

The result is a delicious and very intricate combination of flavors. I highly recommend it., As much as we love chocolate, nothing helps brighten a rainy day better than a home cooked meal! Stop by and grab some of our amazing multicolored pastas from Sapori Antichi! These pastas are naturally dyed with vegetables, and are just as good as they look!, Looking for a simple milk chocolate pick me up to get you through to the weekend? Stop by for the smooth, rich taste of Cadbury that is sure to make your Friday a little bit sweeter!, With Easter behind us, we are often faced with a dilemma. An  over abundance of sad and broken Easter figurines. 

These guys have encountered a little turbulence in the trip from Germany to the U.S. Tails missing, ears often crushed to dust, many of these chocolate figures don't find a home before Easter.

Fortunately, they are still delicious. Kinder chocolate is still kinder chocolate after all.

They made their way into my kitchen, and with a little heat found themselves drizzled on top of caramel popcorn and outs. A touch of Speculoos to keep it all together and you have a incredible crunchy treat.

Don't let Easter Chocolates go to waste, they make perfect ingredients for a little chocolate experimentation., Happy Wednesday! I pulled out some of our favorite coffee/espresso products to help you power through the rest of the week: Marich espresso beans, mokaccino by TCHO, an espresso flavored macaroon, and Ritter sport!, As the night winds down, grab yourself a little bedtime snack to either make today great! We've got everything from milka to kinder to Mars bars galore! Treat yourself to a little something, you deserve it!, Runners are finishing up the Marathon, no matter your speed, you've got to keep your energy up with a nutrient rich snack. Save a little room for a very dark chocolate, it has the nutrients you body needs.

Swing by our shop for a quick truffle. I recommend the Dark Chocolate Ganache with Sea Salt., Our Foodie Friend Ashley is running today in the Marathon today. Best of Luck Ashley!!, Few Events in Boston compare to the Marathon. The enthusiasm and solidarity that these runners bring to the city is nothing short of incredible. 

On my way to work, I hear folks talking about the event, sharing stories, and connecting. The event reminds all of us that Boston is one big community, and we're proud to do business here in Back Bay.

Good luck Runners., Even with Easter upon us, there is still time to whip up an Easter Basket. We have a wide variety of delicious animals made up of imported chocolate. With such beautiful spring weather, you should grab a little chocolate for yourself to go.

Happy Easter Everybody!, Today's Macaron Flavor of the week is brand new and selling fast: the Jasmine Macaron.

This incredibly fragrant macaron is tempting for all the senses. The sweet scent of Jasmine with the sweet cookie is enough to make mouths water.

The floral taste of jasmine fills your mouth at the first taste, the jasmine has a strong bite to it. As I sunk my teeth into this macaron, I was reminded of just how light and tender a macaron cookie can be.

If you've not tried a tea infused macaron, I highly recommend them., We received a treat today, a brand new bar from Vosges Haut-Chocolat, a delicious twist on their bacon bar with the addition of cinnamon.

A little spice goes a long way, really perking up your taste buds to get the full impact of that sumptuous smoky bacon.

At 62%, this bar stradles the line between milk and dark chocolate, adding to the allure, both creamy and flavorful.

A brand new flavor from Vosges? You've got to try it!, Good news! A whole new shipment of Amedei just came in! This Italian company makes some of the best dark chocolate we have in the store so make sure to grab a couple bars to help make it through the rest of the week!, On a dreary day like today, unwind and relax with our BB Detox Kusmi tea. This tea is good for the mind, body, and soul. It's delicious grapefruit taste is like sunshine on a cloudy day!, Dear Cocoa is the latest company to come to our little cafe. These delicious bars use a scrumptious toffee embedded into a delicious chocolate with many great flavors.

I got the chance to try their Savannah Bar, a bite of Southern Hospitality.

The bar begins with generous chunks of crumbly toffee infused with pecan pie spice. The chocolate itself has an incredibly smooth Belgian temper. With roasted pecans and a touch of sea salt this bar has all the evocative features if eating a pecan pie, and with this bar, you don't need to share., Come one, come all! Don't let these April showers get you down. Instead, give yourself a little pick me up with one of our adorable and beautiful hand painted truffles. These little beauties are just as good as they look!, It's time to celebrate because our latest shipment of macarons are in! Come quick before they're all gone :), The Cadbury Flake bar was developed in the 1920's when an employee notice that steaming chocolate that was poured off of a mould, folded nicely into an unusual layered chocolate bar.

After refining the process, the result was "the crumbliest, flakiest chocolate, that tastes like chocolate never tasted before." This decadent chocolate bar melts marvelously in you mouth, turning to an alluring chocolate syrup.

The bar had such a sensual nature that Cadbury promoted the bar with a series of commercials featuring an ever popular "Flake Girl". A couple of these advertisements were so sultry that they were pulled off the air.

Goes to show the emotionally charged power of chocolate., Easter seems to be creeping (or, maybe more accurately, hopping) up on us pretty quickly this year!  Instead of filling your basket with just one kind of Easter egg, why not try all of the options we have to offer. These include the classic Cadbury Crème Egg (authentic from across the pond and king-sized compared to its American counterpart), a Cadbury egg filled with Flake bars, Smarties mini eggs and a real eggshell filled with a hazelnut and chocolate cream truffle. 

Hop in to the store today and stock up on goodies that would make even the most discriminating bunny happy!, Looking for an elegant chocolate bar? Baratti e Milano is an Italian Company that specializes in Wine and Chocolate infusions.

Their Pinot Nero is a luscious treat, smartly constructed to emphasize the flavors of the chocolate and the wine.

Pinot Nero (Pinot Noir) is a light to medium bodied wine that has a dry fruity flavor with hints of blackberry and cherry. Blended into a very creamy milk chocolate you taste a lot of the wine's depth, bringing out some of the tangy berry notes. Great care is give to keeping the bar from being overly sweet, and the result is an incredibly creamy bar with a world of flavor beneath the surface. An elegant bar, just for you., Our featured flavor of the week is our Tropical Rum Punch Truffle. As the week ends we can all use a dose of Caribbean  Summer, warm beaches, and fruity drinks.

With a strong splash of rum and blended fruits, this truffle is glowing with flavor. It emanates a warmth throughout the whole body. The dark chocolate shell provides a touch of depth to wrap the whole thing up. A delicious treat while waiting for the warm weather., After a long wait, our French Macarons have returned. Swing by for a buttery light cookie sandwiching delicious cream fillings!, In for a little white chocolate this Wednesday? Try some White Chocolate Ritter Sport Bars to get your sweet fix.

Ritter Sport uses quality cacao butter without all the chemicals you're likely to find in American white chocolates. German-made Ritter has a smooth cream flavor and melts just like heaven.

Try the Weiss Crisp, with bits of corn flakes mixed in for a textured crunch. Or the Schoko-Duo, a balance of milk and white chocolate to emphasize the smooth flavor of cacao butter.

Either way, you're in for a treat.

Want to learn more about Ritter Sport? Check out this article on our Choco-Blog 

http://gourmetboutique.wordpress.com/2013/04/27/better-with-ritter/, Check out our new Kinder Easter chocates! We hope this warm weather isn't an April fools joke from Mother Nature! So, come in and celebrate the start of true spring weather with some delightful Easter chocolates!, Looking for a light chocolate to buoy your spirits at the start of the week? Look no further than the Milka Bubbly Bars.

Delicious German Milk Chocolate aerated with delightful chocolate bubbles. This chocolate will absolutely melt in your mouth, it comes on Milk Chocolate and one infused with caramel. Stop by and take part in our sale, buy 2 and get the third free., Fazer is a chocolate company from Finland where the cold nights require a little chocolate. 

Fazer's Geisha Bon Bons are a delicious bite of dark chocolate filled with a soft hazelnut cream. The sumptuous cream gives a warming sensation, a delicious salty, nutty combination. The dark chocolate shell give just a touch of bitterness and depth as contrast to the hazelnut cream. A delightful taste treat., Perugina, an Italian company, makes little chocolate kisses that are perfect if you just want something small. Inside the chocolate shell is a whole hazelnut and hazelnut cream. These are perfect to silence the little chocolate cravings that sneak up all the time. So feel free to take as many as you want! 😉, Friday means it's time to treat yourself for making it through the week! Stop by and try our new truffle flavors including peach Bellini, hurricane, and a personal favorite, carrot cake!, Brighten up your morning toast with Les Confitures a l'Ancienne jams. Choose from a dramatic selection of flavors include Rose Jelly and Rhubarb. One of our favorites is the simple yet delectable pear with vanilla., Although it is officially spring, the Boston winds have agreed to disagree. Settle down tonight with one of our specialty teas and our new unprocessed raw honey by The Hamptons Honey Company. Choose between the original honey or creamed spring blossoms to give an added sweetness to any tea!, According to our calendars, Spring has officially sprung. With cold windy weather outside and another snowstorm due tomorrow, it's getting pretty difficult to believe that!  Escape Winter's stubborn stronghold with a cup of Tropical Green Tea from Octavia Tea, a company that prides itself on providing flavorful and gourmet loose teas. This particular flavor blends passion fruit, mango, and grapefruit with a light green tea for a mini-vacation in a mug!  As a bonus, green tea is full of antioxidants, which will keep your skin healthy when it's finally warm enough to spend time outside. 

Come pick up a tin of Tropical Green Tea today. Passport not required!, Looking for a delicious milk chocolate to start off your week? The Wild Ophelia Peanut Butter Banana Bar is the perfect lunch break snack.

Hearty peanut butter with a warm milk chocolate; blend in some banana to smooth out those flavors and you have a delicious bite of nostalgia., We just received a shipment of Droste Dutch Chocolate. Chocolate from the Netherlands is known for it's mild flavor and smooth, creamy texture. Try their pastilles in both milk and dark chocolate., Happy Thursday everyone! In case you didn't know, today is international macaron day! Celebrate by grabbing your favorite flavors today!, Ever wonder what the secret is to whiter teeth, glowing skin, and a healthier heart? Look no further! Doctor Will Clower has examined several of the aforementioned health benefits and found that they can come through eating more dark chocolate! 

http://healthyliving.msn.com/nutrition/7-legitimate-health-benefits-of-dark-chocolate, There are some flavor combinations that will always taste amazing when combined, and the Chicago-based Vosges has knocked it out of the park with bars that celebrate the old faithfuls of flavor combining. 

We especially love the Peanut Butter Bonbon, which combines organic peanut butter, deep milk chocolate and sea salt to create a grown-up version of a childhood favorite, as well as the salt, caramel, and dark chocolate bars. Black Hawaiian sea salt is a volcanic salt that boasts a nutty, smoky flavor, and the Pink Himalayan sea salt is a more delicate flavor with rumored healing and balancing benefits. 

Come by Gourmet Boutique and fall in love all over again with your standby favorites today!, We have some fantastic truffles for you this St. Patrick's Day. Stop by and try.

Guinness Truffle: A dark chocolate ganache infused with the thick robust flavor of Guinness.

Irish Coffee Truffle: A white chocolate shell with a Bailies and Coffee cream. 

Rye Whiskey Truffle: A sharp bite of whiskey in a flavorful dark chocolate.

Emerald Isle Truffle: Pistachio marzipan in a milk chocolate shell with a splash of Amaretto.

As you enjoy the streets of Boston, you should stop by for one of our delicious truffles., Happy St. Patrick's Day! Boston's favorite holiday, so make sure you're wearing green. If you don't feel up for a meal of corned beef and cabbage, may we interest you in a variety of Irish chocolates, green truffles, and liquor filled Bon Bons. Remember to celebrate responsibly and eat lots of chocolate., With St. Patricks Day tomorrow, everyone's getting into the spirit. In our little chocolate shop, we're celebrating with a little Jameson Whisky Chocolate.

Butlers Chocolates is a fantastic company out of Ireland with decadently creamy chocolates. The Jameson Whiskey chocolate makes a perfect companion as you tour Boston tomorrow. The strong bite of Jameson works incredibly well with the dark flavors of cacao.

Get into the spirit on the day where everyone's a little bit Irish., With flickers of warm weather coming our way, there is hope that Summer may arrive some day. Until it does, our Truffle Flavor of the week is a delicious chocolate filled with the promise of summer: the Bananas Foster Truffle.

A thick milk cream ganache, with caramelized banana enrobed in a dark chocolate shell. All the ice cream shoppe flavor in a mini chocolate bundle. Perfect as a reminder that Summer will come., We just received a delicious shipment of Lindt from Austria: their decadent dessert bars. Looking for some tasty fresh baked flavor on the go? These three dessert bars are designed to satisfy. 

Warm and smooth cookies and cream, thick and fudgy caramel brownie, or sweet sweet strawberry cheesecake. Try one or all and you'll be glad you did., Just in time for this warm weather, we received our long awaited shipment of Kusmi teas! With new flavors like caramel and mint green tea, try something new and make these teas iced! Celebrate the warm weather with an ice cold glass of Kusmi tea! You'll thank us later :), What a fun Ladies Night Out fundraising event at Urban Grape! Of course, we supplied plenty of chocolate to pair nicely with Chelsea’s flawless selection of wines. Thank you Marissa at E3 Artisan Confections, Alana at Tcho and Joanna at the Tea Room for all your hard work. Best of Luck to Amy – we will be there cheering you and your MGH Marathon Team. Thank you all for coming!, Francois Pralus is a name synonymous with excellent dark chocolate. Chocolatier Pralus himself pays close attention to every detail of the chocolate making process personally. From the selection of the beans, to their roasting, and their journey to a bar of chocolate, Monsieur Pralus personally screens each step.

His attention to detail has awarded him many times over. Each of his bars is single origin and a 75% dark chocolate.

His bar using cacao from Columbia is a hearty and robust bar. Colombian soil, world renowned for growing coffee, imparts an aromatic quality to the chocolate. The flavor has a deep sense of intensity with a buttery smooth mouthfeel.

With an expert craftsman like Monsieur Pralus, you can tell the roast and temper of the bar have been carefully created to match the flavors unique to the cacao growing region. If you are looking for a finely crafted dark chocolate, you can never go wrong with Francois Pralus., Our newest shipment of Easter chocolates are just waiting for you to take them home! Bunnies, ducks, and chocolate, oh my! These little critters are too cute to pass up on. So, do yourself a favor and come in on a beautiful day like today!, Our truffle of the week is our beautifully hand crafted Jewel of the Nile. A Walnut Butter truffle infused with walnut liqueur and cinnamon. The warmth of flavor in the truffle is absolutely superb. The combination of walnut butter and liquor gives a strong salted flavor with a mild bite on the finish. The addition of cinnamon keeps the walnut flavor from being too heavy. 

It is a chocolate perfect for pairing with sweet wines or fruit. In particular I recommend this truffle be served alongside a plate of fresh dates. The full bodied spectrum of flavors is a unique and intense experience., Whole hazelnuts encased in thick squares of smooth, milk Belgian chocolate brought to you by Cote d'Or. This bar is so good you'll want more than just one. 
So lucky for you, we are currently having a sale! Get 2 for just the price of one! Don't miss this opportunity to stock up on some delicious Belgian chocolate., Come in and enjoy our new Easter chocolates! These adorable eggs are actual eggshells filled with hazelnut chocolate. Cute and delicate, these chocolates taste as good as they look!, We just received out latest shipment of Ethereal Confections including two of their incredible chili chocolate bars. Don't let the innocuous packaging fool you, these chocolate bars pack quite a kick and are not for the faint of heart.

The first bar has a major sweet heat, combining Cayenne peppers with Strawberries and Mangoes. Cayenne is hot enough for the average person, but on the low side for your average chili enthusiast. The spice hits just above the sweetness of the fruit flavors and keeps all the flavors in line with the chocolate. It is an incredibly vibrant flavor with a smooth finish that stays with you.

The next bar is for serious chili lovers and uses a dash of spice from the Trinidad Scorpion Pepper, that for a few years held the title of Worlds Hottest. Combining with Bourbon, Smoked Sea Salt, and Caramelized pecans with the peppers, this bar seeks to emphasize the sweeter nature of the pepper, if you can handle the spice. Upon first bite, the Scorpion pepper doesn't seem so bad, but it has a way of building the spice up to incredible heights. This is not a chocolate to try blindly. 

As dark chocolates, both of these bars remove milk from the equation that would dampen the combination of cacao and chile. The hybrid flavors actually pair quite nicely, and the nutrients present in both chocolate and chilis do a great deal for our brain chemistry. If you'd like to learn more about the benefits of cacao and capsaicin, you can check out our blog article: 

http://gourmetboutique.wordpress.com/2013/09/06/cacao-capsaicin-and-the-happy-button/, Any Guinness fans? We just got a brand new truffle that you would love! A chocolate shell filled with an incredibly creamy mousse infused with Guinness! But don't fear the Guinness, it's subtle and not at all overwhelming. This truffle really just melts in your mouth, and would be a perfect with an evening drink or St. Patrick's Day treat!, Need a little pick me up? Stop by and try our delicious truffles! Two particular favorite flavors are birthday cake and red velvet rapture!, We received our latest shipment of chocolates from the Tea Room. A customer tipped us off that they pair very nicely with wine. 

It makes sense, the smooth temper of Tea Room chocolates and very aromatic flavors have a tendency to fill the mouth in a way that would merge with the robust flavors of wine. 

We'll experiment and get back to you :D, We are now fully restocked with Kinder! Stop by and snag your favorites before they're gone!, Today I brought my Hot Chocolate in to work, and decided it needed a little help. I felt a need for exotic, full bodied flavors.

I broke a few square of Al Nassma Chocolate LLC Arabia bar off into my drink and stirred while it was still piping hot.

The result was magical. The Arabia bar uses a spice assortment of cinnamon, cardamom, and cloves. As I stirred, my drinking chocolate thickened considerably with puffs of delicious spiced aromas. 

Camel milk has a warm flavor, almost like a caramel that imbued my beverage with unbelievable warmth and depth. Combined with the sumptuous spices native to the Arabian peninsula, this made for a phenomenal treat!, Interested in the finest of chocolates? Check out our latest blog post where we explore some of the nuances to the Criollo cacao bean. The most rare and delicate of cacao.

http://gourmetboutique.wordpress.com/2014/01/26/criollo-cacao-bean/

Domori is an Italian Company that has dedicated itself to this fantastic bean. If you're looking for light, flavorful cacao, Criollo is the name to remember., St. Patrick's day is only a few weeks away so make sure to stop by and pick up some treats straight from Ireland! Butlers Chocolates is an Irish owned company that makes a variety of milk and dark chocolate bars, including one made with Jameson Irish whiskey!, Valentine's day might be over, but St. Patrick's day is fast approaching! Celebrate in style with Weinrich's whiskey-filled milk chocolate bar. The ooey-gooey center only adds to the delectable taste of smooth milk chocolate., Our delightful Macarons come from Macaron Cafe. I stopped by their shop the other day to say Hello, they do excellent work., We are fully stocked once again with the most delectable macarons around! Stop by to pick up your favorite flavors!, Put luxury back in your meals with an array of Sabatino Tartufi Truffles. Everything from black truffle oil to truffles Mac and cheese can make dinner time the best moment of the day!, We have a fun new truffle for all of you! A dark chocolate with sea salt shell is filled with thick and incredibly creamy ganache with smoky chipotle and popping rock candy!
Don't underestimate this one- as soon as the shell is broken, all the spices are released and you'll immediately feel the pop rocks tickling the inside of your mouth. The sensations continue even after you're done, crackling while also cleansing your palate. You really don't want to deny yourself of this extraordinary treat! Who knew chocolate could be so much fun?, Just because Valentine's Day is over, it doesn't mean we're not still feeling the love here!  In fact, with the addition of our newest bonbon, our love affair with chocolate has gotten even stronger. 

  The Lovechild is comprised of luscious strawberries enrobed in a port wine-infused dark chocolate ganache. The combination of flavors makes for a decadent experience. 

  If you'd like to keep the romance with chocolate alive, visit us today and leave with a bonbon of your own!, Looking for something fresh to revitalize you in the last stretch of winter? Mademoiselle de Margaux makes incredibly crisp and refreshing chocolate pear twigs.

Mademoiselle de Margaux formed in a fertile wine valley in France. The chocolatier, so inspired by the passion of those around her, set about making aromatic chocolates that drew strength from the flavored of nature.

These twigs are solid chocolate all the way through, infused with the natural flavors of pear. Pear is a delicate flavor that accompanies the flavor of chocolate without overpowering it. The lightness of the twigs ensure that you get a quick blast of fruit flavor that melts into delicious milk chocolate. A perfect combination., With Valentines day behind us, we're offering a 30% discount on our Valentine stock. We've also just received the first of our Easter chocolates.

As Spring approaches, we'll be looking forward to a Chocolate covered Easter. We'll have Kinder mini eggs, cream filled, and delicious English smartie eggs. Remember, the early bunny catches the chocolate eggs., If you need a little pick me up on valentines day, drop by Gourmet Boutique and treat yourself! 

We will be delivering all day so be sure to show your loved ones how much you appreciate them! 

Happy Valentines Day!, Valentines Day is tomorrow, but you still have options! Drop in to check out our romantic collections of chocolates. We're running our last minute V-Day promotion. Come in and see which chocolates will be the best fit.

Maybe some Marich Chocolate Caramel Hearts, a mix of milk and dark chocolates filled with a decadent caramel. Make sure to say "I love you" with chocolate this year., Don't get snowed in tomorrow! Valentine's Day is only a couple days away and you don't want to be caught empty-handed! If you still need a gift for that special someone, make sure to stop in and check out our Neuhaus Truffles. The Sommelier collection in particular would be the perfect way to turn your gift into an occasion. The box includes 16 Belgian chocolates along with a brochure to guide you in choosing the wines that would compliment the chocolates best! So grab your favorite bottle of wine, start a warm fire, and have a delicious Valentine's day!, Valentine's Day is just around the corner and we've got the perfect gift for you! Come in and celebrate love with our amazing wedding almond macaron! If you love macarons as much as we do, then just one won't be enough. Stop by and pick up a pre-made box of 6 or 12 macarons with our favorite flavors!, Want to start your week as chipper as a chipmunk? Try an Almond Milk Chocolate Bar.

Gerard of Artisan du Chocolat has a long standing project to attempt to create "cacao milk" through extensive processing and conching. In his work he began to experiment with other unusual milks, including almond milk, which produced a very fine temper of chocolate.

The result is a fantastic bar of milk chocolate fit for vegans, people with lactose allergies, and chocolate lovers of all kinds to enjoy.

The flavor of the almonds is very strong, but very tightly woven into the taste of the chocolate itself. It creates a warm flavored bar with an unforgettable taste. Just what you need to start your week., Bissingers is a name that goes way back into the history of chocolate in France. The name followed an immigrant to America where he started a chocolate institution that stands to this day.

Looking for a treat this Valentines day? You can rely on this heavily French-influenced company to wow your loved one. Their flagship item is their chocolate covered wine grapes, and with good reason. These high quality grapes are infused with Shiraz and then enrobed in chocolate. The chocolatiers pay close attention to the ratios, to ensure the perfect pairing of chocolate and wine.

They apply such attention to detail to all of their products, and they have a lovely assortment for Valentines Day. A chocolate to help with your own perfect pairing., Here at Gourmet Boutique, we're huge fans of giving chocolate as a Valentine gift, but if you want something different for that special someone, give them the gift of luxury with our wonderful selection of caviar!  We have both domestic and Caspian caviar ranging from Paddlefish to Golden Osetra, as well as blini and crème fraiche for a decadent experience. It's a gift your loves ones won't forget!, V-day is only one week away! With that, GB will be running an early bird special with 15% off any HEART-SHAPED box of chocolates in the store! Stop by to see us today!, Now that the storm is over, come in and celebrate with our new shipment of macarons! Come in and get some before they're all gone. These little treats also make a wonderful gift for Valentine's day! Only 8 days left until chocolate's biggest day of the year!, We hope you're all safe and warm this morning! 

Due to the winter storm, Gourmet Boutique will be opening a little later today, but you can come visit us starting at 1 to stock up on hot cocoa and other treats to keep you happy as the snow falls!, The countdown to Valentine's Day has officially begun! Don't stress because we've got some great gift ideas! Check out this amazing recipe we found from Bakepedia (Bakepedia.com)! They've got some great recipes for you chocolate lovers to try out this Valentine's Day. Their Cocoa-dusted bittersweet chocolate truffle is simply amazing! However, if you're crunched for time or you can't get this homemade gift just right, we've got you covered with a variety of gourmet truffles in the store. Stop in to order a personalized box or one of our handmade gift baskets full of goodies! 
http://www.bakepedia.com/cocoa-dusted-bittersweet-chocolate-truffles-recipe/, Our latest shipment of Milka came in, just in time for Milk Chocolate Monday.

These particular bars all use Milka Alpine Milk Chocolates with a delicious creamy texture, and each of these bars pairs that chocolate with a delicious snack from a different company. I like to think of them as crossover bars.

DAIM is a Swedish company that makes an incredibly flaky toffee. So light that it delivers a satisfying crunch without sticking to your teeth.

LU COOKIES are tasty German butter cookies with such warm sweetness you'd think they came right out of the oven. 

TUK crackers are a popular digestive in Europe and the buttery cracker crumbles into the chocolate with every bite. The touch of salt adds a bit of depth to the smooth milk chocolate.

OREO COOKIES in a chocolate bar? This is easily the most popular Milka bar, with Oreo cream and bits of chocolate cookie. Looking for something to really satisfy that sweet tooth? The Milka Oreo Bar is a guaranteed to please., With all the talk of throwing the pigskin this Super Bowl Weekend, we've got bacon on the brain. 

Looking for a delicious treat that is sure to delight your football fans? Try Vosges Haut-Chocolat Caramel Toffee. A sweet buttery toffee with a flaky crunch that doesn't stick to your teeth. A single bite explodes into a into that tangy smoked bacon flavor. A touch of smoked sea salt help bring out the flavor for a real extravaganza of taste.

When the game comes on, you want to make sure your snacks are up to the challenge., This is your official two-week warning!  Valentine's Day is nigh!

     Sometimes our sweetheart feels like they're missing out on Valentine's chocolate due to allergies or dietary restrictions. Enter Ethereal Confections, an artisanal chocolate company based out of Woodstock Illinois. All of their chocolate is small batch,  preservative free, all-natural, as well as dairy and gluten free. It is also out-of-this-world delicious!  

     Some options to get your heart beating include dark chocolate with cherries, cacao nibs and cayenne pepper, strawberries, rose petals and pink peppercorn, as well as the addictive Chocolate Ambrosia, a bark made of dark chocolate, smoked sea salt, chiles and caramelized pecans. It's har not to fall in love with their chocolates once you've tried them!, Brighten up your Thursday with the fresh taste of strawberries and whipped cream. Taste the decadence of Weinrich's white chocolate and strawberry crisp bar are sure to bring a tart and sweet moment to your day! 

If you are interested in learning more about the world of chocolate, please come by for our guided chocolate tasting on February 17th!, Anyone care for some white chocolate? Our new truffle hearts are filled with white chocolate ganache that's infused with banana purée, then layered with bourbon caramel! 
Don't be intimidated by the banana though- it's not overpowering at all! These truffles are actually very light. The hint of banana is refreshing and sweet, providing the perfect base for oozing, luscious caramel. These would make beautiful and decadent Valentine's Day treats!
Have a wonderful Wednesday and enjoy the end of your week!, The art of creating chocolate is demonstrated in the refined flavors of Artisan Du Chocolat's bars. These fine milk chocolate creations are create with ingredients that are ground, conched, and refined in their very own atelier in Kent. Their Creme Brûlée bar is velvety smooth with a rich taste of custard, caramel, and vanilla. 

To learn more about how chocolate is created, come to our guided chocolate tasting where we will explain all of the steps of making a perfect chocolate bar before tasting some of the most famous chocolate from around the world! Save the date of February 17th to join us!, Did you know that cacao beans are roasted before being made into chocolate. The process is called conching, and in the world of fine chocolates the roast can have a dramatic impact on the flavor of the chocolate.

Pralus is old French company that is known for giving it's cacao a longer heavy roast that imparts a robust taste with light caramel notes. A layer of flavor on top of some very fine cacao beans. The result is a light coffee taste.

Domori on the other hand uses a very minimalist approach, lightly conching their beans, an effort to let the cacao speak for itself with greater clarity. The taste is lighter, but many would say it is also incredibly flavorful.

Next time you pick up a bar, consider the flavor and see if you can taste the subtleties of the roast., Valentine's Day is one of those holidays that tends to sneak up on us. Avoid a panicked last-minute rush by visiting us today and stocking up on some wonderful Valentine-appropriate chocolates!

  One great option is the Roses and Strawberry bar by Cacao Sampaka, a company based in Barcelona. The roses and strawberries play off of each other beautifully, with the roses' strong floral notes and the tartness of the strawberry balanced out by a smooth but not too sweet white chocolate. It's an edible bouquet that the object of your affection will love!, Domori is an Italian company that has specialized in chocolate making with the delicate flavors of the criollo cacao. We have a full collection of the Domori line, and their very fine chocolates. Domori is one of the companies that have been instrumental in the preservation of criollo. 

The Domori Javablond and the Puertofino use a robust strain of Criollo with decadent flavor profiles. The Criollo used for each has it's roots in a specific region of Venezuela. The Puertofino is grown where it is native and has a fruity light taste, with hints of caramel and walnut. The Javablond the same strain grown in the volcanic soil of the island of Java. The different soil imparts a mild spice flavor profile with a smoky hint of tobacco.

The third bar, the Porcelana, is from the subspecies of Criollo of the same name. The Porcelana is the species of Criollo with the purest ancestry, and closest to a plain Criollo bean. The Porcelana had been thought to have died out, but a single plant was rediscovered and is the source of all present day Porcelana cacao trees. The taste profile is said to resemble bread, butter, and jam. It's texture and smoothness are unmatched by any pure chocolates., Our Macaron Shipment just came in, we nearly a dozen flavors of our decadently delicious Macarons:
Vanilla
Chocolate
Pistachio
Violet
Lavander
Nutella 
Passion Fruit
Rose Lychee
Creme Brûlée
Caramel Crunch
Green Tea, Are you ready for Valentine's Day? We sure are! Surprise your loved one with one of Heidel's Superior Dark bars with flavors like spicy chili chocolate or subtle orange chocolate.

If you and a loved one share a mutual interest in the background of the chocolate world, sign up for our guided tasting on February 17th! A great way to learn about chocolate and share a special night together!, What would be perfect on a night like tonight? How about rich, creamy chocolate? Or a nice strong cup of coffee while curled up on the couch? Or maybe both? 
TCHO Mokaccino bar will surely do the trick! Pairing it's own chocolate with San Francisco's Blue Bottle coffee, it really tastes like biting into a cappuccino! Though the caramelized milk chocolate is smooth, it certainly does not take away from the richness of the coffee. It's a sharp, addicting combination you don't want to miss., Looking for a way to get your taste buds ready for the weekend? Try Valrhona Chocolate's Lait Caramelia a tempting concoction of crunchy pearls and Caramelia, a milk chocolate with a hint to creamy caramel and a touch of cocoa., Whoever made this: we like the way you think. 

Chocolate is actually full of antioxidants and has many other health benefits. To learn about them, as well as many other fascinating facts about chocolate, please attend our "Chocolate 101" seminar on February 17th!  More information and tickets can be found here:

http://www.gourmetboutique.net/GiftClb.htm

There will be chocolate tastings included in the seminar, as well. We can't help but sweeten a deal!, Don't fret on this snowy evening because we have the perfect thing to keep you warm! Indulge in MarieBelle's Aztec hot chocolate. Mariebelle's Aztec hot chocolate is easy to prepare and in no time you'll be snuggled up with a cup of pure joy. So, do yourself a favor and delight in its velvety smooth warmth! 

Also, don't forget about our exciting Chocolate Tasting Classes coming up! Join fellow chocolate enthusiasts for a fun night of chocolate learning and even more chocolate tasting. Our guided tasting will take place on February 17th from 7:30-9 pm. At the Westin Copley Hotel: 10 Huntington Ave, Boston. 

Reserve a seat today: http://www.gourmetboutique.net/GiftClb.htm, We're all familiar with the classic song "Love Potion No.9". I have a sneaking suspicion that Leiber and Stoller were inspired by chocolate as they were writing it! One bar that will absolutely make your heart melt and taste buds sing is the "9" bar by Amedei Tuscany. This 75% dark chocolate is a blend of beans from 9 different plantations, which come together to make a bar that is truly the best of the best. 

If you're wondering what chocolate tastes like from different plantations, what percentage constitutes a true dark chocolate, or are just looking to add a new favorite chocolate to your regular mix, we will have answers (and chocolate!) at our "Chocolate 101" seminar, which will take place at the Westin Copley the evening of February 17th. More information and tickets can be found here: 
http://www.gourmetboutique.net/GiftClb.htm

We hope to see you soon!, A brand new chocolate to our little store: Artisan du Chocolat Creme Brûlée Fine Milk Chocolate.

Artisan du Chocolat is a fine English company with an eye for interesting flavors, including almond milk and orchid. The Creme Brûlée Chocolate bar is a particularly interesting and elegant.

Creme Brûlée is a 18th century desert with two major elements, the cream custard and caramelized sugar crust.

Combined into a milk chocolate you get a very full and velvety experience. The caramelized sugar gives the sweetness of the chocolate an unusually deep flavor profile, with just a hint of salt.

For many people, fine chocolate goes hand in hand with dark chocolate. By evoking the classic desert Creme Brûlée, Artisan du Chocolat makes the case that bitter may not always be better. In the right hands, milk chocolate can be as ornate and artisanal as any., We're offering Guided Chocolate Tastings and Classes.

Have you ever wondered where your favorite indulgence: CHOCOLATE comes from? Does it grown on trees? How is it made? Wonder how to read a chocolate label to find just the right treat for your taste buds? Our chocolate connoisseur will delight you with the story and tastes of chocolate.

Join fellow chocolate enthusiasts for a fun night of chocolate learning and even more chocolate tasting. Our guided tasting will take place on February 17th from 7:30-9 pm. At the Westin Copley Hotel: 10 Huntington Ave, Boston. 

Reserve a seat today: http://www.gourmetboutique.net/GiftClb.htm, Some delicious chocolates picked out for the Back Bay Chocolate Tour that is coming through today. Creme Brûlée, Red Velvet, and Strawberry Rhubarb Pie., Treat yourself this snowy weekend to Askinosie Chocolate white and cocoa nibs bar. Made with goat's milk, the smooth white chocolate base is sprinkled with crispy cocoa nibs, resulting in a crunchy yet creamy bar! And not only is it incredibly tasty, but Askinosie's products are bean-to-bar, so he has a direct relationship with the farmers who grow the beans used in production! Also Fair Trade and sustainable, there are plenty of reasons to reach for his chocolates., Today's truffle of the week is one of my absolute favorites: Aged Basalmic Caramel Truffle.

Fine basalmic vinegar is an art to itself, and rare combined with chocolate. Before you dismiss it, understand that an aged Basalmic has none of the acidic flavor you might imagine, in fact the Basalmic has a lighter flavor than citrus in chocolate. I like to describe it on a similar scale to cheesecake, sweet with a touch of tartness.

Blended with a rich liquid caramel, the combination of the two create a potent flavor profile that is incredibly diverse without overpowering the flavor of the chocolate.

And if you're interested in tasting some very fine chocolate, we are beginning to run fine chocolate tastings, here in the heart of Boston. You can order tickets here: 
http://www.gourmetboutique.net/GiftClb.htm, Check out this article to see the more serious side of chocolate! 
If you are inspired by the article, stop by to try the Pralus bars to see if you can discern the different flavor nuisances made from the finest beans around the world. 

If you are interested in learning more please check out our tasting on February 17th! Tickets are on sale now! 
http://www.eurekalert.org/pub_releases/2014-01/acs-faw011514.php, A big shipment of your favorite Kinder treats is in! Come stock up on Bueno, Delice, Doplo, Riegel bars, Happy Hippos and more to snack on during the end of the week!, Did you know? The making of quality caramels can be as complex and varied as the chocolate making process.

The foundation of caramels lies within the caramelization of sugar, cooking it for a specific amount of time at a specific temperature until the sugar melts and browns giving it a distinctive flavor.

Sugar can be further reduced to create caramel sauce and caramel coloring, which are often added to a variety of chewy candies that are called caramels. 

True French Caramels focus on the perfect cooking time and temperature. There is quite a gradient, from light colored tame flavors to rich nearly burnt dark caramels.

When the sugar is ready, milk and butter must be added at a precise amount and temperature. They are heated alongside the sugar, and only combined when the time is perfect.

It takes a true artisan to find the perfect variables, and strike while the caramel is hot, so to speak.

From there the caramels can be dipped in chocolate or mixed with other ingredients. We sell an assortment of French Favorites: rose, parsley, and violet. Excellently crafted caramels with floral flavors make for a unique experience seldom found in the States., Temperatures are supposed to hit 50 today. After last week, that's practically tropical!

Gourmet Boutique has many products with fun fruity flavors (such as these gummy pandas by Bissingers, which feature flavors such as pomegranate and blueberry acai) to help you dream of warmer days to come and remind you that spring isn't as far away as it sometimes feels!, Sometimes, on a Sunday, we want to escape, travel the world, and have an adventure. Until your next journey, there's chocolate.

Vosges Haut-Chocolat has the mantra: travel the world through chocolate, so today we're taking a quick jaunt to India with the Vosges Naga Bar.

The lands of India bring forth some of the most potent spices in the world. Vosges mixes a sweet curry spice into the chocolate itself. The spice has a bit of a kick, and the heat heightens the senses. A combination of coconut and milk chocolate helps keep the spices from overwhelming the palate creating a potent flavor profile that lightly simmers upon the tongue.

It's rare to see a spiced milk chocolate ( spicy is traditionally combined with dark chocolate) but the strong creamy flavor gives this chocolate an unforgettable texture and taste.

Don't have time to hop on a flight halfway around the world? Grab a chocolate bar instead., Saturday's treat is our sparkly drunken pear truffle! This dark chocolate shell contains a creamy ganache with sweet pear, aromatic Riesling from the Rhine Region of Germany, delicately blended with warm cinnamon, honey and vanilla., Our truffle flavor of the week is White Peach and Persimmon.

A dark chocolate shell contains a thick and decadent ganache, equal parts white peach and persimmon, two deliciously decadent flavors that create a unique combination.

Both fruits dabble in the very sweet side of the spectrum. White peach gives a very crisp bite with a cool aftertaste, and, on the other hand, persimmons give a very full bodied warm flavor. The tannins present in a persimmon give it a succulent depth unlike most other fruit.

The combination is an orchestra at full volume, an eye opening array of fruity sweetness barely contained within the chocolate shell.

A perfect way to treat yourself at the end of the week., Did you know that different beans create different flavor profiles? For example, Tcho has created a lush and fudgy milk chocolate bar inherent in the milk chocolate tradition! 

If you are interested in learning more about the world of chocolate, please stay tuned for our upcoming events!, Do you love chocolate but tire of having to worry about it melting in your pocket as you go about your daily life? Cadbury has recently come up with a solution to your problem! They have created a chocolate bar that stays solid at up to 104 degrees! 

If you are interested in learning more about the creation of different kinds of chocolate, please stay tuned for our upcoming events! 

http://www.gizmag.com/cadbury-heat-resistant-chocolate/25221/, Looking for some tasty chocolates to start your week? B.T. McElrath has a pair of chocolates that are sure to please. The Milk Chocolate Prairie Dog Bar and the Dark Chocolate Salty Dog Bar.

Both these bars use a unique combination, butter toffee within, and sea salt crystals embedded on one side. The result is a highly textured chocolate. As you take a bite, the chocolate easily breaks along the seams between pieces of toffee. As the chocolate breaks apart, it has greater surface area to your taste buds, melting quickly and giving you a good chocolate burst.

The salt helps tease apart the deeper flavors of the cacao bean, and as a result you're given a richer, fuller experience.

Enjoy it in Milk or Dark Chocolate., With a little warmth returning to Boston this Sunday, people return to New England's favorite meal brunch and brunch beverage, the mimosa.

A combination of orange and champagne is a perfect mix for chocolate as well as mile high pancakes at noon.

Alcove does an excellent job with it's fusion flavors, and this bar is no exception. Orange can be a heavy flavor that can weigh a chocolate down. However, with champagne, the orange flavor is rounded out and buoyed up into a lighter crisper taste.

The dark chocolate is rich and full bodied, standing apart from the orange, and letting the flavor of the champagne really shine through.

Can't make it to brunch next weekend? Try this tasty Alcove Chocolate, you can even get it beyond Sunday between 11 and 3., When you're just looking for something light but very creamy, Heidi Chocolate's walnuts and honey bar is the perfect choice.  Velvety milk chocolate is infused with crisp walnuts sweetened with honey. They add the crisp without being too crunchy! It's a great way to satisfy your sweet tooth without overwhelming it!, A sweet treat with a coffee twist. Our Macaron Flavor of the Week is Expresso. 

The sweet coffee cream gives a light nutty taste with a toasted mouthfeel. Paired with the delicious Macaron cookie this is a pastry that'll keep you warm inside and out., Chocolate lovers rejoice!  Gourmet Boutique will be open from 12-9 today. Neither cold nor snow can stop us from indulging in our love for everything delicious., We hope you're all staying safe and warm during this Nor'easter!  Please check this page for Gourmet Boutique's hours over the next couple of days. Today we are open from 10-5. 

If you're downtown, stop by and get some hot chocolate to keep you warm tonight!  We're big fans of the cocoas by Chocolat Moderne, which include flavors like "Snake Charmer" (with anise and cinnamon), "Kama Sutra" (with coconut, cardamom and clove), and "Madame Xtasy" (with espresso, caramel and fleur de sel). They're sure to keep your taste buds happy as they keep you warm!, One of the most delicious resolutions to keep is the one to eat more dark chocolate. Dark chocolate is full of antioxidants - a health benefit hidden in a tasty package! We're big fans of the Criollo bar by François Pralus. The bar, which is a 75% dark chocolate treat, uses the Criollo bean, a bean that makes up only 5% of the world's chocolate. This unique and healthy indulgence is waiting for you here at Gourmet Boutique!, We hope that you're all having a wonderful 2014 so far!  This year, resolve to treat yourself well by treating yourself to some quality chocolate!  We're always getting in fun new brands (along with the brands you've come to love), so every visit is a new adventure. We look forward to seeing you soon!, No New Year's Eve celebration is complete without champagne, and here at Gourmet Boutique, we also feel that no celebration is complete without chocolate! Have the best of both worlds with a box of Marc de Champagne truffles by Maxim's, a Parisian café that serves up delicious teas, pastries, and chocolates. Ring in 2014 with a taste of the Champs-Élysées right here in Boston!, Looking to impress your guests this New Years Eve? There's nothing quite so elegant or traditional as caviar.

Serve with creme fraiche on warm blini. The superior appetizer for your event, and one your guests will mention for years to come., Customers went wild for French Macarons this year! We couldn't keep enough in stock. With our latest batch we've brought in a new flavor: Dark Chocolate Coconut.

The creamy coconut flavor permeates the delicious Macaron cookie, making it more creamy and succulent than any other. The scent of coconut carries the memories of warmer climes, a hint of a tropical breeze. 

As your teeth pass through the cookie and sink into the chocolate cream center, your mouth is flooded with decadent chocolate warmth. The combination of chocolate and coconut gives you a flavor that is deep, flavorful, and smooth., After indulging for the holidays why not start off your Thursday with a relaxing cup of Kusmi Detox Tea. Choose between a blend of mate, green tea, and lemon grass or a green tea mate with a hint of grapefruit., As evening falls, and the malls begin to close, we wish a Happy Holiday to one and all, especially to all the kids (big and small) who will wake up tomorrow to stockings full of delicious chocolates., Looking for some Last Minute Shopping? Stop by the Boutique, we're open until 7 o' Clock tonight., One of my absolute favorite flavors this time of year is gingerbread. Luckily, we have a new gingerbread macaroon that is perfect for the holidays! This cookie is delicately spiced and topped with festive sprinkles that will look beautiful on your tray of holiday treats while adding a touch of elegance. Come grab some for your family and friends (and maybe a couple extra for Santa too) today!, Spice up your sunday with Ethereal Confection's All Natural dark chocolate bar infused with red hot cayenne pepper and embedded with sweet cherries and crunchy caco nibs.
Test your spice levels with this bitter-sweet bar because you will certainly feel the cayenne peppers the moment you take a bite. Of course the cherries make up for the spiciness to create a warm and soothing after-taste!, We have a new truffle! Swiss cocoa powder and marshmallow mixed with creme de cacao is wrapped up in these adorable holiday boxes of milk and white chocolate. What a beautiful, and delicious, gift!, Our Macaron Flavor of the Week: Dark Chocolate and Passion Fruit.

This Macaron is absolutely bursting with the signature tangy fruit flavor of passion fruit. A touch of tropic taste to shake off some of the frost of a New England winter. The dark chocolate flavor follows, warm and smooth. A hint of bitterness gives the Macaron a satisfying bite. Best enjoyed on a warm beach in the French Riviera., Get into the holiday spirit with a handcrafted Christmas Lozenge! A scrumptious dark chocolate  filled with a smooth dark chocolate, Jamaican rum, and cinnamon ganache that is sure to put you in a celebratory mood!, When it comes to white chocolate accept no substitutions. Too many white chocolates are cut with fillers and shortening. Fatty chemicals that only cheapen the experience.

Askinosie Chocolate 's white chocolate bar has 3 ingredients: Cane Juice, Cocoa Butter, and Goat Milk. The purity of taste in this bar is unparalleled. A smooth creamy bar with a warming touch. The cane juice is a higher quality alternative to sugar that doesn't impair the chocolate's texture. The goats milk adds a hint of salty flavor, as a result Askinosie doesn't even need to mix in additional salt.

Askinosie's is committed to quality at every step of the process, whether it's setting up agreements with individual cacao farmers to select the best beans, or the fact that they press their own cacao butter. Take a bite, you'll see how that hard work pays off., We know that there's nothing better on a snowy night like tonight than kicking back with some creamy eggnog, so tonight we are featuring our eggnog dome truffle. With a chocolate coating and a creamy eggnog and nutmeg filling this is a perfect wintery treat!, This weekend, try a truly spectacular chocolate. One of my personal favorites: Ethereal Confections Sweet Basil and Cherry Blossom Meltaway Bar.

Ethereal is an interesting company, they make sure their chocolates are naturally vegan and gluten free. They use a touch of olive oil to ensure their chocolates are smooth and decadent. The meltaway bars are particularly good, they have a layer of rich flavored ganache at their heart.

The Sweet Basil Cherry Blossom Bar, is a phenomenal fusion of flavors. It begins with a light dark chocolate, a 66%. Dark enough for a robust flavor, but light enough to not overpower the other tastes. The basil has a crisp, clean flavor, that serves to bring out a more woodsy notes in the chocolate. The cherry blossom is a very light flavor, a hint of sweetness and tartness. That sweetness keeps the bar from becoming too herbal or medicinal. All in all it is a delightful and unusual chocolate with a profound crispness and potent flavor., On this cold and snowy sunday night, TCHO's Tchunky Tchotella will warm your hearts. Velvety milk chocolate blended with roasted hazelnuts and hazelnut butter from the Piedmont region of Northern Italy brings out a rich, creamy, and nutty flavor the moment you take a bite.

Let the deluxe hazelnuts and milk chocolate satisfy your Sunday sweet cravings!, Still looking for stocking stuffers? You can never go wrong with Milka, and our new Daim bar is perfect for milk chocolate lovers! Incredibly smooth with a little stick, the velvety chocolate envelopes little pieces of toffee.  
Plus, if you buy 4 bars you get the fifth for free! 
Happy Saturday!, Any peppermint-lovers out there? Special for this holiday season, we have a new limited edition bar from B.T McElrath you don't want to miss! 
The Peppermint Crunch Bar stuffs 70% dark chocolate squares with crunchy peppermint pieces! A delicious taste of winter. 
And what better to pair chocolate with than tea? Harney and Sons provides the perfect match: chocolate mint, black tea with chocolate and peppermint! This duo is the perfect evening treat!, TCHO Chocolatiers is a new brand to enter our store. The bill themselves as "The New American Chocolate" and have some really phenomenal chocolates.

TCHO goes beyond fair trade, and establishes business relationships directly with cacao growers, putting them in a very small circle of chocolatiers that really put stake in the people who grow cacao beans. As a result, they have first pick of some if the finest cacao beans.

The quality of the chocolate is very high, but they also offer a variety of interesting flavors. One in particular caught my eye, and I needed a bite immediately: Strawberry Rhubarb Pie

This bar begins with a tender milk chocolate, that then immediately erupts into the sweet and tangy flavors of rhubarb and strawberry. Just a hint of tartness from the strawberries that is smoothed out very nicely by the warmth of the milk chocolate. A bit of pie crust gives the bar a crumbly mouth feel, and a touch of salt bridges the sweetness of the chocolate and the tangy flavors of the fruit. An absolutely amazing bar, delicious chocolate and smartly constructed flavors. This company is really making a statement and I highly recommend them., Here's a blogpost written by someone that met us by fate on her journey to find some Calissons! We were happy to help and check out her research on all things Provence. Just remember that good things come in small packages, so stop by and be surprised by the things you can't find anywhere else! 

http://moderntroubadours.blogspot.com/2013/12/calissons-croquettes-beaumes-de-venise.html?utm_source=The+Modern+Trobadors+12-8-2013&utm_campaign=Calissons&utm_medium=email, We carry, in our little boutique, some of the finest chocolates you're likely to find. Single origin bars of dark chocolate with delicately selected beans and a supreme temper.

But after a hard Monday, sometimes we just crave those things we loved as kids. Sweet, creamy, chocolately.

Milka makes delicious milk chocolate bars you'll find all across Europe. Their most dangerous offering, is through a partnership they have: The Oreo Filled Chocolate Bar.

It's as addictive and tasty as it sounds, the sort of bar that ends up all over your face and you can't have just one.

Fortunately, we're running a sale, if your planning to stock up, buy 4 and get the 5th free., Brand new to the store, Vosges Haut-Chocolat Matcha Super Dark Bar is a phenomenal addition to this new line.

The combination of Matcha green tea, spirulina, and cacao nibs gives this bar a potent boost to brain function and the immune system.

Don't let the health benefits throw you though, this chocolate bar tastes phenomenal. The addition of cacao nibs helps give this chocolate a full bodied chocolate flavor. This richness is accented by the smooth flavor and texture of the Matcha green tea. Matcha is served frothy with a consistency similar to milk. That creamy nature is very apparent in this rich dark chocolate.

The gentle tea taste of the matcha is very much in the background of this bar, emphasizing and accenting the flavors already present in the chocolate. It broadens the flavor considerably, but come through most in the aftertaste. The tea flavor turns a gentle chocolate fade into a punchy hybrid flavor with bite.

Looking for a new experience? This Matcha Dark Chocolate bar is a blast of both health a flavor., "I'm dreaming of a white Christmas..."
and I was so excited to see a little snow on the ground this morning that I wanted to continue the white theme by presenting you with Butler's vanilla white chocolate bar! 
All the way from Ireland, this bar is incredibly creamy, adoringly sweet, and surprisingly fresh like the cool air outside! 
If you're not a white chocolate fan, try melting it down to coat your favorite cookie in! White chocolate covered Oreos are always a big hit, or turn your traditional gingerbread man into a festive snowman!, For our truffle of the week we're showcasing our Dark Chocolate Peppermint Truffle.

A potent kick of peppermint gives this truffle a delightful chill, but it does not overpower a rich and decadent dark chocolate. The mint is mixed in with a luxuriant ganache that coats the mouth and fills the senses with wintertime pleasure., Time for a brief foray into chocolate literary time. A quote from Neil Gaiman's Neverwhere:

" Dagvard walked over to a vending machine on the side of the platform. He took off his metal helmet. Then he rapped, with one mailed glove, on the side of the machine. "Orders from the earl," he said. "Choc'lits." A ratcheting whirr came from deep in the guts of the machine, and it began to spit out dozens of Cadbury's Fruit and Nut chocolate bars, one after another. Dagvard held his helmet below the opening to catch them."

The scene takes place in a momentary pause along our heroes' journey. A bit of Cadbury is always good for a break. The fruit and nut is a delicious combination of creamy milk chocolate, almonds, and raisins., Michel Cluizel is universally known for a high quality plain dark chocolate with a beautiful temper and in a multitude of percentages and origins. I recently tried their dark chocolate with sea salt and glazed hazelnuts, and found it truly amazing.

A 55% cacao, this bar is a light dark, flavorful and smooth . Hazelnuts are traditionally paired with milk chocolate, but the addition of the sea salt acts to mix the nutty flavors together of both the hazelnuts and the cacao. 

A soft nut, the hazlenut does not intrude upon the texture of the chocolate, and when caramelized it smooths the texture out completely, creating a well crafted experience worthy of the name Michel Cluizel., Guess who's coming to town! We're counting down to Christmas with these great little helpers. They're sure to make your stockings a joy!, Looking for something delicious to start your week off? Try the Anna Shea Chocolates Bacon Bar: affectionately dubbed "Bringing Home the Bacon" Bar.

This is the bar that has the strongest flavor out of any of the bacon products in our store. On a scale from one to bacon, it's an Elevan.

The sweet milk chocolate blends in the salted smoky notes of bacon seemlessly, creating a very rich and potent combination. They are well combined, and while the bacon flavor is distinct, it is not overpowering. An excellent gift for the bacon lovers in your life., With December, we've begun our winter hours: 9AM-10PM everyday except Sunday 10AM-9PM., We've entered December, and when Winter weather treats us to dreary rain and slush, we ought to treat ourselves to chocolate extravagances. One of my favorites is the Niederegger Marzipan Bar with Dark Chocolate and Williams Christ Birne.

William's is a pear brandy, traditionally made in the regions at the border of France and Germany. The liquor has a vibrant flavor with all the delicacy and crispness of the fruit it is made from.

As a liquor, Williams has an incredibly smooth sweetness, and when you combine it with marzipan that fruity flavor explodes. A fine marzipan like Niederegger uses very little sugar, so the pear flavor doesn't have to compete for your taste buds' attention.

The chocolate comes in as a nice finisher to the flavor, a robust contrast to the lightness of the Pear Brandy, but not so bitter as to drown out the pear after taste.

If your looking for a cold weather treat, this Pear Brandy Marzipan Bar is something special. As delicate as a snowflake, but as stunning as a Winter's dawn. Something to truly enjoy., Our shipment of Octavia Tea has arrived, and with it more new flavors than we have ever carried before, including the illustrious Jin Xuan Oolong Tea.

Produced in the mountains of Taiwan, this tea has an incredibly light and creamy texture, leading it to being often called a Milk Oolong.

Octavia emphasizes the creamy notes with a hint of freesia, with a fruity after note.

For enjoying such a wonderful tea, we recommend a good milk chocolate, preferably a Belgian origin heavy with cacao butter. A smooth chocolate won't infringe upon the taste of the oolong, but will   accent some of the deeper, more robust flavors.

Looking for a fantastic way to treat a guest of honor? A little chocolate at tea time will go a long way., Starting to look for the perfect holiday gift? Chuao Chocolatier's selection of mini chocolate bars make the perfect stocking stuffer for any age! Enjoy all of your favorite flavors in miniature or try new ones!, Warm up on this dreary day with Tea Tea Forté's winter spice collection of teas! Settle back into your favorite chair with steaming mug filled with flavors such as Harvest Apple Spice and Sweet Ginger Plum., No Chocolate is more contentious than White Chocolate, especially this time of year when long removed relatives come together to give and receive food and treats.

Technically, for a treat to be considered "true chocolate" it requires at least two ingredients: cacao solids and cacao butter.

White chocolate just contains cacao butter, not the solids that give chocolate it's warm nutty flavor.

So white chocolate is close, but not technically chocolate. There are importers out there that parade as white chocolate, when they use vegetable shortening instead of cacao butter, and as a result use 0% of the cacao plant.

Look for the good stuff with cacao butter, for both the quality of the taste and health benefits. If you've only tried imitation white chocolate, you haven't found the good stuff.

Cacao butter has a way of heightening the flavors of otherwise subtle ingredients. For instance, Butlers is an Irish company that uses a high quality cream in the production of their chocolate, and their white chocolate emboldens that flavor. Add a touch of berry fruitiness and you are in store for a fantastic treat., Looking for a delicious milk chocolate to put the finishing touch to your Monday Workday? Why not try Lindt's Irish Cofee Truffle Bar to unwind after the days work. A delicious creamy milk chocolate with a potent coffee on the inside. Coffee and Chocolate have a long history, with their warm complimentary flavors.

Add a little Irish Whisky into the mix, and you have a chocolate bar to help keep the chill off. An important chocolate to have around when it appears that Thanksgiving is a Winter holiday this year in Boston., null, Askinosie Chocolate introduces this chocolate with a prose poem.

DARK MILK CHOCOLATE
ON MY TONGUE MINGLING
WITH A
SWEET
VELVETY
LICORICE

The Askinoise Licorice Bar is an elegant take on an unusual concept.

It starts with a dark milk chocolate, a 60% or higher chocolate that still uses milk in the ingredients. The result is a robust chocolate without the bitter bite you expect from a dark chocolate.

This smooth, well rounded chocolate lays the perfect foundation for the unique sweet flavor of the licorice. Askinoise partners with Lakritsfabriken, a Swedish company dedicated to quality. The deep flavor of a licorice has a placid sweetness with an herbal accent that gives this bar a distinctive taste.

The flavors of the rich chocolate and smooth licorice work in concert to create a full bodied taste that will truly make an impression., Happy Saturday! Celebrate the weekend by indulging in the festive and delicious Reber Marc de Champagne Truffle chocolate bar. The creamy champagne ganache center will have your taste buds celebrating for sure. This decadent bar would be the perfect dessert for the holidays!, Like Nutella? Try the next level of Nutella: Gianduioso.

The combination of cacao and hazelnuts into a delicious spread is a long tradition that has it's roots in Northern Italy.

Leone is a company that has been making delicious chocolate and hazelnut products for over 150 years, and their flagship product is the decadent gianduioso.

Using only the highest quality piedmont hazelnuts of the region, each gianduioso tube is at least 45% hazelnuts.

Great to have on toast, but even better to use as an accent on pastries or cakes. For flavor and texture, Leone's Gianduioso can't be beat., Hailing from the beautiful state of Vermont, Lake Champlain Chocolates come in all of our favorite flavors (including creamy coconut). Their chocolates are all natural and all delicious, making for a perfect chocolate bar to get you through to the weekend!, Our latest batch of Macaron's have arrived, a perfect compliment to drink with tea on a cold Wednesday. Our latest flavor of Macaron: Peppermint., Ever wonder about the difference between Hot Cocoa and Drinking Chocolate? Check out our latest blog article to learn about our favorite winter beverage. http://gourmetboutique.wordpress.com/2013/11/20/drinking-chocolate/, Stop by the store to pick up some treats for your holiday table! Here we have the mini Chuao bars wrapped in a festive goodie bag that would surely brighten any anyone's day or holiday table! Pre-order gift baskets and more to avoid the last minute chaos of holiday shopping. Don't be afraid to get creative and share some treats with friends and family this holiday season!, Looking for something filling and delicious to reward yourself after a hard Monday? You could do no wrong with a chocolate covered marzipan loaf with a creamy layer of hazelnut cream.

Niederegger is some of the finest marzipan in the world, with one of the highest percentages of almond paste, and no filler ingredients.

The sweet and savory marzipan pairs perfectly with the nutty hazelnut mousse. The combination makes for an incredibly warm and inviting flavor with a hearty heft.

Enrobe the whole thing in chocolate and you have a cure for the Monday blues., A new line comes to the Vosges Haut-Chocolat brand: Super Dark. The underlying principle to the Super Dark Flavors is a commitment to the taste of cacao and the health benefits of super fruit.

We recently tried the Super Dark Pomegranate and Goji Berry Bar. 

The rich, succulent flavor of the pomegranate is a perfect companion to the dark 72% dark chocolate. The sweet fruity flavor gives strength to the power of the chocolate. The goji berries give it a little red fruit tangy flavor. A touch of sea salt rounds out the bar and fuses the flavors together.

The health benefits packed into this bar are a marvel on top of the phenomenal flavors. The concoction of pomegranate and dark chocolate boasts an impressive concentration of antioxidants. The Goji berry has long been a staple in Chinese medicine. It has higher concentrations of carotene than carrots and more iron than spinach.

The Super Dark is a delicious way to get the nutrients your body needs but are often hard to find. Chocolate and health makes an excellent combination., Looking for a fun, new way to mix up some hot chocolate this winter? CocoaPlanet chocolates are small discs sized to fit at the bottom of your mug. Pour in steamed milk, stir, and enjoy! 
They come in a variety of flavors! All based in 64% chocolate, we offer salted caramel, vanilla espresso, mandarin orange, chocolate olive, and peppermint! You can even layer them to create a whole new experience of your own!, Our macaroon flavor of the week is our new peanut butter and jelly macaroon. While it may not be the most authentic flavor we carry it's sure to  bring you back to your playground days. With its creamy layered filling of pb&j it's just like mom used to make (maybe even better but we wont tell her that)!, Turn the heat up on this chilly winter day with MarieBelle's Aztec hot chocolate! Mariebelle used the whole bean, true to the Aztec tradition and is made entirely of pure chocolate rather than cocoa powder. What better way to enjoy your Wednesday than with a steaming cup of authentic hot chocolate that is believed by the Aztecs to have bridged heaven and earth?, Did you know that chocolate contains caffeine? It's true, but only a trace amount, it contains a teensy bit more of a similar substance known as theobromine. Mildly psychoactive, theobromine gives a nice boost to your mood without a caffeine crash afterwards.

Have a little chocolate with your coffee for a lift that won't let you down, or even better have a little coffee with your chocolate., The holiday season is beginning and we've just begun to offer this year's Chocolate Advent Calendars.

Count off the days till Christmas with a delightful Milk Chocolate each day. We have Calendars from all you European favorites: Cadbury, Milka, and Kinder., No chocolate is quite as crisp or sincere as Dolfin's Dark Chocolate with Pear and Almond. 

The common citrus fruit found in chocolate is orange, and it causes quite a controversy in chocolate enthusiasts who either love it or hate it. Pear provides a nice citrus flavor that is far lighter and more clear than orange. It creates just a touch of fruity flavor and a complex sweetness that marries beautifully to the chocolate.

The chopped almonds give a little texture to the bar and ground the flavor with a delightful savory taste., Nothing beats a steaming cup of hot cocoa on a cold, weekend evening. Try our decadent chocolate powder from Maxim's to create a soothing, Parisian experience. We also carry almond and caramel flavored powders for when you want to stray from the plain chocolate!
Then try pairing the beverage with our Dutch Stroopie waffles. Two thin baked waffles sandwich a sweet, caramel syrup. When placed on a hot drink, the steam melts the syrup, turning your hot cocoa or coffee into an even sweeter dessert!, Continuing with Chai week, we're featuring the Dolfin Cinnamon Bar.

Chai Masala roughly translates to mixed spice tea, and one of the most common spices found in Chai, is Cinnamon.

In Dolfin's milk chocolate cinnamon bar, they mix in some of the finest cinnamon from Ceylon, Sri Lanka. A region long known for it's cacao, cinnamon, and Chai. In succulent Dolfin Chocolate, the cinnamon acts as a compliment, providing complex flavor without overshadowing the chocolate. Extravagant in its simplicity., In lieu of chai week we're featuring two of our chai tea infused bars by The Tea Room Chocolate! On the spicy side we have the Mayan pepper chai dark chocolate bar. This bar has all the spices of chai tea with an added kick from Mayan chili peppers infused in a decadent dark chocolate. Our second chai bar is a black masala chai in milk chocolate, this bar provides a warmer flavor wrapped up with indulgent milk chocolate. Come in and celebrate with these delicious bars!, Did you know that it's chai week? In many languages, "chai" simply means tea! The beverage is generally made with black tea that is softened with milk and a sweetener, then enlivened with a variety of spices, such as cardamom, cinnamon, ginger, cloves, and pepper. Our Kashmir Tchai tea from Kusmi follows the traditional Nepalese recipe, blending black tea and six different spices.
So as the days get shorter and the nights get colder, warm yourself up with this sweet, creamy cinnamon embrace! It's the perfect way to end any day., Looking for a delicious start to your week? We've recently fallen in love with Bissengers Milk Chocolate Bar with Banana, Pecan, and Peruvian Pink Salt Caramel.

For a bar bursting with ingredients, it has a smooth and subdued flavor. The creamy banana, ties the flavors together to create an interesting singular taste.
The sea salt caramel has a good salty flavor that does not overpower the chocolate, and the crisp pecans break up the texture to give each bite a good crunch., There are spicy chocolates, and then there are chocolates designed to melt your tongue. The B.T. McElrath Chile limon bar is not for the faint of heart. 

This bar is evocative of the ancient South American traditions of chocolate, a rich cacao flavor with a splash of lime and an incredible bite of spices.

This bar is a volcanic eruption of flavor, the combination of lime, chile, and chocolate hits every button on the tongue, with an overwhelming tide of flavor.

Dried chile powder is embedded on the flat side of the bar and reaches an impressive skoville rating. In many ways this bar is more about the quality of the chile than the taste of the chocolate. Spice takes the forefront, and the chocolate and lime temper and shape the spice of the chile.

Not a bar for everyone, but if you can handle the heat, it's an incredible experience .

Also check out this article for more information on the health benefits of chocolate and chiles. 

http://gourmetboutique.wordpress.com/2013/09/06/cacao-capsaicin-and-the-happy-button, Happy Saturday! In honor of the Red Sox parade and their world series win, keep the celebration going with Chuao's Firecracker bar! This all natural bar has pop rock candy exploding in a delectable dark chocolate. This bar will really give your tastebuds something to celebrate about!, Yesterday I stopped by a spice store on a whim and picked up a package of rose petals to experiment with some of my robust black teas.

A few prepared rose petals in with Harney and Sons English breakfast created a very clean, crisp flavor, bursting with sweet floral notes.

Such a tea should be celebrated with a rich dark chocolate. I had a bar of 70% with cacao nibs by Dolfin that fit the bill perfectly.

Rose is an indomitable flavor. Though light, a rose aftertaste is clear even in the face of a bitter dark chocolate. With the cacao nibs in the Dolfin bar, the dark chocolate is broken up, and through the cracks the rose tea flavor shone brightly. An excellent chocolate pairing for your weekend., HAPPY HALLOWEEN! We hope your night is filled with plenty of sweet treats! We know ours will be!, Give your taste buds a head start on the tastiest holiday of the year! In preparation for Halloween try our assorted collections of Marich jelly beans and Cafferel chocolates!, Being an adult doesn't mean you pass on Halloween Chocolates, it means you get the good stuff! 
http://gourmetboutique.wordpress.com/2013/10/28/gourmet-boootique/, Our Macarons came in this morning, and with them a new flavor that we were excited to try: Honey Lavander.

Sugar provides a tricky flavor; sweet is a taste that we crave on a instinctual level, but we also have a built in aversion to food that is too sweet. 

The perfect sweetness is one that is layered in interesting a complex flavors. The Honey Lavender Macaron takes this concept to it's ultimate conclusion. The sweetness comes from the honey cream in the center, layered with the deep notes that come from a Sage honey. It is a potent sweetness without being cloying or overbearing. The Lavender fill in the rest of the Macaron with delicate floral notes balanced upon the deep flavors of honey. It is a spectacular combination of perfect sweetness., We just got in our Butlers Irish Chocolates, so for this Milk Chocolate Monday lets look at one a little more in depth.

As an Irish Chocolatier, Butlers uses some of the highest grade milk, to ensure a creamy dairy taste. The smooth chocolate is a particular compliment to the flaky aerated toffee in their Honeycomb Bar. Bits of sweet toffee turn to powder with every bite of this chocolate, giving a strong burst of flavor followed by the delicious silky smooth chocolate. A delightful chocolate start to your week., There are many bacon and chocolate options in the world, but none so appropriate for a New England Autumn than Chuao's Maple Bacon Bar.

We just recently received a new shipment of Chuao and the Maple Bacon Bar is back in stock. The tender Venezuelan cacao beans give this bar a marvelous texture to showcase it's phenomenal flavor combination.

The Bacon presents a strong smoky salty flavor on a backdrop of milk chocolate, the Maple acts as a bridge between the tangy notes of the bacon and the sweetness of chocolate. The result is a decadent full bodied flavor that is more than the sum of its  parts.

With the Chuao Shipment we also received their new ChocoPods, the same great flavors, but miniaturized. Excellent for handing out this holiday season., Happy Saturday! Come in and enjoy one of the many delicious flavors of Butler's chocolate bars. Indulge in Ireland's favorite luxury chocolate! There's an Irish saying that says, "May your heart be light and happy, may your smile be big and wide, and may your pockets always have a coin or two inside!" So, do yourself a favor and listen to the Irish by enjoying one of our amazing Butler Chocolate bars that will have your heart overflowing with joy and your smile stretching from ear to ear., Our Illustrious Mozart Kuglens are back in stock, a sensuous Marzipan snack. There are five layers to an Austrian Kuglen, from the outside in: dark chocolate, milk chocolate, hazelnut cream, pistachio marzipan, and almond marzipan. 
In terms of pure extravagance, the Mozart Kuglen can't be beat., This just in, a moscato flavored milk chocolate bar that will have wine and chocolate lovers everywhere drooling. The combination of the light milk chocolate and fruity crispness of the moscato makes for a crave worthy bar!, New from Caffarel- mini dark chocolate ganaches with lemon liqueur filling! The dark chocolate shell breaks instantly to release the slightly sour lemon filling, producing a mini treat that is both sweet and savory. They would go wonderfully with a steamy cup of tea after dinner! These flavors are the perfect complements, and are also the perfect way to wrap up your Wednesday!, A little chocolate trivia for Tuesday. We all know that chocolate makes us happy, but did you know it helps our brain in other ways as well?

Cacao promotes the production of neurotransmitters in the brain. Neurotransmitters are what allows different brain cells to communicate with one another. Increased levels of neurotransmitters mean that you brain works faster and absorbs information better.

To maximize these health benefits, you'll need a cacao rich dark chocolate. Few dark chocolates can match Michel Cluizel for smoothness or temper. An 85% cacao bar is a bit darker than most people are used to, but it's the perfect thing to wake up those brain cells., Looking for a delicious milk chocolate to start your week off right? Try a Belgian chocolate, internationally known to use some of the highest percentages of cacao butter, Belgian chocolate can't be beat in terms of texture and pure creaminess.

Cote dOr is a Belgian brand that specializes in bars. Their milk chocolate connoisseur bar is an incredible offering. In the States, it is a common thought that milk chocolate is for kids and that only dark chocolate can be "fine" chocolate. A single bite of this bar will dispel that myth.

The package contains two thick cut bars, the chocolate itself is almost tender in how smooth its texture is. It melts in its only time and goes down like heavy cream. A delicious way to start your week!, A quick news article for your Monday perusal. Chocolate company uses excess cacao husks to make its paper packaging. 

http://www.packagingeurope.com/Packaging-Europe-News/55611/Cocoa-Waste-is-Transformed-into-Chocolate-Wrappers.html?utm_source=buffer&utm_campaign=Buffer&utm_content=buffer3ddf3&utm_medium=twitter, The Chocolate in Spain falls mainly in the category of absolutely fabulous. Delavida is a well known Spanish chocolate maker, known for fantastic execution of great chocolate concepts, their Dark Chocolate Bar with Red fruit is a fantastic example of a bar well thought out and well made.

The Dark chocolate is a smooth 51%, combined with Strawberries, Cranberries, and Raspberries. The delicious dried fruits burst forth with flavor upon every bite.

The trio of fruits each has a distinct flavor profile that improved the bar. The tartness of the cranberry brings out the deeper flavors of the cacao. The strawberry smooths some of the cranberry tartness and gives the bar a pleasant sweetness. Finally the raspberries round out the flavors of the bar, filling in with a deeper flavor and decadent aftertaste that follows the warmth of the chocolate flavor.

The combination makes for an exceptional chocolate., Enjoy this morning's coffee with our delicious chocolate covered butter cookies! Offered in both dark and milk European chocolate, these treats are sure to make every morning a little sweeter., We're well into Fall, so treat yourself to the Macaron flavor of the week, that seasonal favorite: Pumpkin Spice.

The light cookie of the Macaron is a delicate container for so bold a flavor. The pumpkin spice taste explodes upon the first bite, both potent and creamy. The touch of cinnamon, cardamom, and cloves perks up the tongue and keeps the pumpkin flavor from overwhelming. Lightly sweet and incredibly decadent, the Pumpkin Spice Macaron is the flavor of Fall., As halloween sneaks up on us get into the spirit with some of our halloween themed treats! Our favorites include these spooky chocolate skulls available in both milk and dark chocolate!, Did you know that the ancient Aztecs did more than just eat cacao beans, they traded them as a currency.

Early Aztec chocolate was consumed as a drink, without milk or sugar. A bitter beverage with a wide variety of chili spices.

You can hearken back to that ancient culture with a spicy chocolate bar. Cacao Atlanta's Aztec Aphrodisiac is an excellent example, using a secret blend of spices to create a truly flavorful chocolate bar., Something new and unusual for the gift giving season, check out our latest blog post about Bacon Peanut Brittle. http://gourmetboutique.wordpress.com/2013/10/13/sir-francis-bacon-peanut-brittle-a-southern-non-tradition/, Looking for a little Milk Chocolate to get you through this Monday? One of my favorites is a Milk Chocolate with Jasmine by the Tea Room. A fusion of tea and chocolate, this bar melts wonderfully in your mouth releasing a powerful tea flavor. Perk up your taste buds at the beginning of the week., Why not have chocolate for breakfast? NEWTREE's lime and granola bar is the perfect amount of sweet and tangy that will get your day started with a zing of rejuvenating flavors!, It's Saturday night- time to sit back with one of Weinrich's liquor truffle bars and relax!
Milk chocolate with Cognac, Whiskey, Rum, Marc de Champagne, or Orange-Liqueur filling, you can have both your favorite liquor and coveted creamy, milk chocolate wrapped into a single bar! Could it get any better than this?, Mariebelle is a fantastic company, with their rare and delicate chocolate bars, in addition to their decadent Aztec Drinking Chocolates. 

There's one more reason to love Mariebelle, they're committed to Fair Trade. The Fair Trade Logo certifies that the people who harvest the cacao are paid fairly and working in livable environments. We want to make sure that everyone involved in the chocolate process is rewarded for their sweet devotion., As you may have heard, October is Fair Trade month. Here at Gourmet Boutique, we are committed to sourcing Fair Trade products whenever possible, and will continue to seek out fair trade chocolatiers to share with our fellow chocolate aficionados! In the meantime we will be featuring some of our favorite fair trade brands that we carry! Today we focus on Askinosie Chocolate where they are not only committed to fair trade but also to producing creative and delicious bars such as this store favorite the white chocolate and cocoa nibs bar., Ever get caught in the decision: chocolate or cookie? How about both? Hanuta, a German snack, sandwiches chocolate and hazelnuts between two crunchy wafers. It's the perfect combination to satisfy your crunchy and sweet cravings! The perfect size to fit in your pocket, they're great for on-the-go. And still better yet, there are 2 per pack!, Did you know that recent science suggests that chocolate is more effective at combating a cough than codeine? The chemical theobromine present in chocolate has been shown to make a marked difference in persistent coughs.

The texture of the chocolate itself helps sooth and calm us. The combination makes for an impressive cough suppressant.

To maximize the effects, I recommend Ethereal Meltaway Bars. Dark Chocolate with a layer of ganache in the center, these bars are incredibly decadent and smooth. Nothing better to coat the throat and sooth the soul., This Monday, lets see who knows their chocolate with a Kinder Quiz, can you correctly match the following descriptions to their corresponding chocolates.

1. I have a crisp wafer shell, filled with delicious vanilla and chocolate cream. A kid favorite, I wade into crispy chocolate pebbles.

2. With a crisp snap, you'll know me by my flaky cookie wafer. People compare me to the American Kit Kat, but a little bit of Nutella really makes me shine.

3. I stand up straight, and am a perfect mixture of chocolate and cream. Take a bite and I'll melt away with warmth and sweetness.

4. Filled with hazelnut cream, I'm a lonely Kinder, so I never travel alone. People seem to like me since my name means "good"., Read a little about Askinoise Coffee Chocolate, from the good folks at Candy Blog http://www.candyblog.net/blog/category/askinosie_chocolate, Declared the best fudge in Canada, Laura Secord celebrated it's centennial this fall. That's 100 years of making delicious chocolates, tasty Ice Cream, and decadent Fudge.

Today I tried their Butter & Cream Fudge, and quickly understood their reputation. The fudge was sweet, with a warm caramel flavor, but the foremost player in the confection is the cream. The quality of the cream reminded me of visiting a dairy farm, that's the level of creamy decadence at play in this fudge.

Looking for a treat to keep warm in Fall? Try Laura Secord Fudge., Happy Saturday! After a long exhausting week, nothing helps me relieve stress like baking! Come in and enjoy one of our many amazing Octavia teas. Pick out your favorite flavor and get creative. Personally, with the warm weather coming to an end, nothing warms my heart more than fall spices. One way to stay cozy is indulging in a chocolate chai tea cupcake! Come in and pick up some tea, follow the recipe, and sit back and enjoy in the blissful perfection of these cupcakes! 

http://bakingdom.com/2013/07/chocolate-chai-cupcakes.html, Maxim's makes its triumphant return! The centerpiece of our little boutique, Maxim's represents the height of French chocolate elegance.

Maxim's is a famous Paris restaurant on the Champs Elysee, their desserts were so popular that they decided to get into the boxed chocolate business.

We at Gourmet Boutique are the exclusive importer of Maxim's, so stop by today for some Parisian flair., Fall is upon us, time to celebrate October with an Autumn favorite: The Pumpkin Pie Truffle. A succulent pumpkin ganache filling spiced with cinnamon, ginger, and cloves. The truffle is enrobed in milk chocolate, which adds to the creamy texture. The combination of spices really perk up your tongue and keep the other flavors from being to heavy. A perfect bite of Fall., Want something sweet and fruity to savor these fleeting days of sunshine and warmth? Come in and try out orange blossom macaroon! With a soft chewy outside and a creamy orange filling it is a delicious treat to help say goodbye to summer weather., Looking for an elegant hot chocolate with a seductive twist? Try Mariebelle's White Drinking Chocolate with Vanilla. White chocolate is primarily cocoa butter, thus Mariebelle's White Hot Chocolate has a decadent texture beyond compare. The splash of vanilla only adds to the incredibly creamy experience. A perfect beverage when you want something light, decadent, and creamy., Happy Tuesday! Today we're bringing all you chocolate lovers an interesting fun fact. Did you know that the shape of a chocolate bar can change the taste of the chocolate? Check out this article to learn how!
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-24223182, Looking for a milk chocolate to get you through the week? Few chocolates are as comfortable as the Cadbury Flake. Using high quality English Milk Chocolate, Cadbury manufactures the Flake by layering a wide ribbon of chocolate into a mold. The creamy chocolate melts instantly, turning to syrup in your mouth. A absolute pleasure to start your week with., Satisfy your sweet tooth this Sunday with Bissingers pomegranate! Sink your teeth into the savory, sweet flavor of pomegranate seeds delicately dipped with a thin layer of dark chocolate. Enjoy the rest of your weekend!, As we near the end of September we can more fully enjoy the hearty rich flavors of fall, this week we received our Fig and Port Wine Truffles, just in time to provide a sultry snack in the chilly weather of Fall., The Kugel is a traditional Jewish desert, a sweet casserole made with egg, cream, and noodles. Give a classic recipe a twist with the chocolate treatment. Use our Italian cacao pasta, processed with cocoa beans in the noodle dough. Combine into a casserole, drizzle on your favorite chocolate, and you'll have an easy chocolate confection that is sure to impress!, Our latest shipment of Macaron just arrived, want to learn a little more about the decadent Macaron? Check out today's latest blog post.

http://gourmetboutique.wordpress.com/2013/09/23/macarons-by-cecile-cannone/, Askinoise is the first US chocolate company to press its own cocoa powder and cocoa butter, which means that a single bar gets both ingredients from the same bean. Not only does this amplify the flavor profile of the specific single origin beans, but it reduces their carbon footprint by shipping fewer ingredients and keeping all of their production in-house. Askinoise is a fantastic chocolate by every account, delicious and environmentally conscious., Too busy or tired to slave over the stove for dinner? Don't worry, we have you covered!
Our truffle Mac&Cheese is made in Italy and easily prepared in less than 20 minutes! Have it with our white truffle infused olive oil, and this family favorite is sure to sweeten your Wednesday!, Come in and enjoy one of our many melt in your mouth caramels! Whether they're decadently wrapped in chocolate, or delicately sprinkled with sea salt, any one of these delicious and delightful caramels will have you smiling from ear to ear. Audrey Hepburn once said. "Paris is always a good idea." So, if hopping on a flight is too much of a commitment, treating yourself to one of Paris Caramel's truly amazing Fleur de Sel caramels will feel like the next best thing., Start your week off right with the festival of flavor locked within this delicious milk chocolate bar: Sucre's Sicilian Pistachio & Rose Petal.

This combination of flavors is a stellar example of chocolate done right. Each bite is a trifecta of perfectly balanced tastes. The creamy milk chocolate blends the salty flavors of the pistachios and the delicate sweetness of the rose petals: candied to bring out fuller flavors. This New Orleans chocolate has all the potency that city is known for, and it is a perfect cure for the Monday blues., On this Sunday afternoon, as you laze around on your couch or venture outdoors, why not indulge in Wild Ophelia's Smokehouse BBQ Dark Chocolate bar with crunchy, salty potato chips? It's time to savor the flavors of the "Wild Wild West" with this bar. 

As you take a bite, you will encounter a mildly spicy taste, gushing down your throat unleashed by the ripple-cut potato chips sprinkled with hot and spicy BBQ seasoning. The dark chocolate creates a warm after-taste when accompanied by the smoky flavor.

Why not engage in some Sunday BBQ fun, while the climate is still warm and breezy!, Why not try something spectacular this Saturday. My love of pistachios is no secret, but combine it with a French chocolate couverture and it becomes a little slice of heaven.

L'Epicurien Chocolate Pistacio Spread makes a fantastic addition to cakes and pastries, adding a level of decadence that your houseguest a are sure to notice., We just got in our latest batch of truffles, let me tell you about our truffle flavor of the week: Grapefruit. 

The La Dolce Grapefruit truffle is an unexpected delight.

Orange is a common citrus found in chocolates, but grapefruit adds a unique spin to the concept. The tart grapefruit flavors pair very well with the richness of a very dark chocolate. The fruity sweet flavors provide an elegant touch to your chocolate experience., For a Thursday treat we bring you our new fall inspired chocolate creations. Our resident taster Ms Nika happily indulged in a 70% dark chocolate filled with persimmon & white peach caramel. She also took a bite of the fig & port wine indulgence. Both passed her taste test with flying colors., null, If making it through Wednesday isn't reason to celebrate, then I don't know what is. And how better to celebrate than with our birthday cake truffles?
Reward yourself with velvety cake folded into a layer of cozy milk chocolate, and have a wonderful Wednesday! :), Gavottes are a French Brand of Crepes Dentelle, delicious crisp pastries. In the same ball park as the more common Pirouettes, but infinitely more light and delicate. Crepes Dentelle start as regular Crepes, folded, glazed with butter, and then baked. An elegant French snack., A little milk chocolate to get you through the week. Reach for a Dolfin Belgian Chocolate Bar. They use a higher percentage of cacao butter in their chocolate to ensure a decadently smooth chocolate that melts like heaven in your mouth. A perfect pick me up to fight off the Monday Blues., Here is something special to celebrate coming of fall. Heidi's  gourmet white Chocolate bar with orange and pumpkin seeds will transport you to fall festivities. 

Made in Romania with the finest white chocolate, as smooth as silk, you will be see how velvety this bar is, the second you open the wrapping.

Aromatic candied orange peel and dried pumpkin seeds blend perfectly with the white chocolate, creating a uniquely fresh flavor. 

With this bar, you will encounter a mixture of smooth and creamy on one side, and crunchy and woody on the other. A perfect treat to accompany you as you relax on this breezy Sunday!, LM Montgomery once said, “I believe the nicest and sweetest days are not those on which anything very splendid or wonderful or exciting happens, but just those that bring simple little pleasures, following one another softly, like pearls slipping off a string.” As temperatures begin to drop and fall approaches, nothing could be better than Tea Forté's Swiss Apple tea. Antioxidant rich, this tea not only warms your soul, but is amazing for your skin! So, come in and make the most of your Saturday by indulging in the little pleasures of a simply blissful cup of tea!, Fall is almost here! Get in the spirit with Heidi's white chocolate bar mixed with orange and pumpkin seeds!, As summer winds to an end what better way to savor the last few days then to indulge in a chocolate bar with a hint of citrus! Our three uniquely flavored Artisan du Chocolat bars are perfect, with flavor infusions like orange blossom and lime we think they're the perfect way to end a delightful summer season!, What day is it? It's hump day! 
Now that you've made it through half of the week, we offer you our espresso truffles to help you conquer the rest. Tanzanian coffee is blended with dark chocolate ganach to produce these beautiful truffles that are sure to give you that kick to conquer the final stretch!, Our camel milk chocolates have walked back into the store! Al Nassma's rich and creamy chocolate bars and camels have trekked all the way from Dubai and back into our lives. Be sure to pick up the date bar and all of the other wonderful flavors Al Nassma has to offer!, How about a cup of intense, flavorful coffee, sprinkled with a dash of cinnamon and cardamom? To celebrate the advent of the Fall season, here is Cacoa's 60% dark chocolate bar infused with aromatic roasted coffee, cinnamon and cardamom. Sprinkled with crushed coffee beans, this bar is velvety smooth on one side, and crunchy on the other. The additional coffee beans create an extra warm, robust and bitter-sweet after-taste.

With just one piece of this chocolate, you will be able to satisfy your choco-coffee cravings. We must say, this is a great dessert to bite into after dinner, or a perfect afternoon wake-me-up!!, Happy Saturday! Come in and enjoy one of our many Haribo gummy and candy flavors! They're colorful, fun, delicious, and sure to brighten your day! So, do yourself a favor and stop by! Make the most of your Saturday and treat yourself to a little bag of joy., Did you know there are only two foods associated with an endorphin response in the brain? Chilies and Chicolate. Check out our latest blog article. http://gourmetboutique.wordpress.com/2013/09/06/cacao-capsaicin-and-the-happy-button/, Our Macaron Flavor of the Week is that distinctive nut, the pistachio. A whimsical emerald Macaron declares to the world a potent and sultry flavor. Pistachio has a warm salty flavor without the dryness that comes from other nuts. The flavor shines through the Macaron's delicate sweetness. Buy some Macarons as a gift for a friend, but get a pistachio one for yourself., In Belgium, Neuhaus is the premier company in term of chocolate Bon Bons, Truffles, and Confections. If you're looking for a good bar of chocolate, though, I might suggest Côte d'Or. Founded only 20 years after Neuhaus, Côte d'Or is still a very old and well established chocolatier. They were one if the earliest companies to use whole nuts in their chocolate bars. They've expanded their line, but still always put chocolate first. My personal favorite is their dark chocolate bar with coconut, using both coconut milk and flesh in the bar gives it a robust coconut flavor that almost borders on a red fruit aftertaste. Côte d'Or is a commitment to chocolate., September is here, which means that we can start looking forward to more robust Fall Flavors. Chai tea is an excellent pairing with chocolate, and few Chai's are so rich or so decadent as the Kusmi Kashmir Chai. Pair this with a chocolate that can match the tea's potent creamy nature with a sharp cacao blast. Chocolate Bonnat makes very strong dark chocolates, and their single origin bar from Ceylon has a flavor both clear and strong. Sip of tea, nibble of chocolate: Perfection., Did you know that most cacao is roasted before it becomes chocolate, giving it it's signature flavor. Yet un-roasted cacao has a very robust taste as well, one that the Chocolatiers at Antidote thinks should be showcased. Using a combination of roasted and unroasted beans, chocolates by Antidote have a robust and unique flavor, made better by masterful combinations like Banana Cayenne and Ginger Goldenberry., On this Labor Day, lets us celebrate the hard work of a chocolate company called Cacao Atlanta. Relatively young, this business has received international acclaim and numerous awards! The care and devotion that goes into these bars shows an intense level of passion and expertise. Take her Aztec Aphrodisiac Bar, a secret blend of chiles and spices, layering on levels of pepper taste, with a long lasting burn that does not overpower the chocolate. A unique chocolate with an enveloping warmth, from a spectacularly talented chocolatier., On this fabulous long weekend, we present to you Alcove's Banana Cream Crunch. Rich milk chocolate filled with crunchy rice crispies will dance in your mouth, combined with the fresh and sweet taste of tropical bananas. Whether you're outdoors or just lounging indoors, this is a creamy bar of chocolate to take with you and celebrate the last few days of summer.
                 
Add pieces of the Banana Cream Crunch to a bowl of vanilla ice cream   and experience the joy of indulging in a banana split without actual "bananas"!, A Chocolate pairing for your Saturday afternoon. Manner Hazelnut wafers from Austria, and a potent Chocolate Stout. There is nothing more crisp and flaky than a Manner wafer, with a smooth and decadent Hazelnut cream within. The texture deserves the light bubbling refreshment of a cool chocolate stout. The deep robust chocolate flavor of the stout, is a perfect accent to the sweet nuttiness of a Hazlenut cream wafer. Bite for sip, taste for taste, a perfect combination., Our Marcaron Flavor of the week is Black Currant. Black Currants have a distinctive flavor that evades description. Fruity like a berry, but instead of a tartness, currants have a rich sultry flavor. Common in teas and jams, the Black Currant has a tradition of sophistication, and makes a superb Macaron., Savor the last days of summer with Octavia's delightful white tea with strawberries. This flavor is especially delicious when paired with Maxim's rose strawberry jam!, Don't tell mom! We're having chocolate for dinner! Our latest chocolate-inspired newcomer is a sweet and savory treat. Pair with with a rich and creamy sauce and a full-bodied wine and enjoy an exciting new way to experience chocolate. And, if you love chocolate as much as we do, pair with chocolate hazelnut cream or fresh berries for a full night of chocolate fun!, Do you know what the percentages on chocolate bars mean? The higher the number, the darker the chocolate, that's because the percentage tells you how much of the bar comes from cacao beans. Not all percentages are made equally, as some companies skimp on the non-cacao ingredients. A high quality chocolate company like Michel Cluizel makes sure that 100% of the ingredients are premium and delicious.

They say that 72% is the best percentage to taste chocolate, but I prefer my 85%, it's a bit darker and more rich., A Monday Milk Chocolate from Cafarel, this delicious bar from Italy has all the rich creamy texture of a milk chocolate, but at 45% cacao their Venezia bar is still robust and flavorful. Did you know that Italy is one of the countries with the highest reports of gluten sensitivity? As a result, most high quality Italian Chocolates are Gluten Free, in addition to being absolutely delicious., Kick start your Sunday with Lake Champlain's aromatic Coffee Truffle Dark Chocolate Bar.

As you tear open the wrapper, you will instantly take in the flavor of robust, freshly ground coffee, along with rich dark chocolate.
 
Encounter a smooth, velvety texture on the outside, followed by a creamy dark roast coffee ganache, that is bound to wake you up.

Melt a tiny portion of the bar, and spread it on your toast for a delicious chocolaty breakfast. So pamper yourself today, with this sensual treat that will not fail to disappoint!, Craving something sweet? Our milk chocolate Florentine bar is sure to satisfy! Incredibly smooth milk chocolate is glazed with a layer of honey-caramelized almond brittle, bringing you a bar that is creamy with a light crunch. Come sweeten your Saturday with this golden treat!, Happy Friday, everyone! What better way to conclude the week than by curling up on the couch with a good movie and our pop corn pop bar by Chuao? This bar wraps your favorite pop corn flavor in a soothing coat of milk chocolate with a fun pop in every bite! So sit back, relax and enjoy! 
And if you buy any four Chuao bars you get the fifth one for free!, null, Look who loves us...check out local love at  Free People Boston, Sit back and relax with a hot cup of Mighty Leaf tea this afternoon. Their variety packs are sure to contain mixtures of all your favorite flavors! Bonus: if you purchase 4 boxes of tea, you get the 5th box free!, Ever find yourself craving that sweet tart goodness of cherries and chocolate? Well we do, and what better to satisfy that craving then our 'mon cheri' truffle! Featuring a full cherry surrounded by liquid fondant and milk chocolate we'd say this is the perfect fix!, Treat yourself to a refreshing dessert after a hot day of work like today! Come in and grab one of our many confits and jams that turn any regular ice cream flavor into a glamorous experience. Coconut passion fruit jam and vanilla ice cream is the perfect pick me up for the Monday blues., Put some fun back into Sunday by trying Lake Champlain's rum caramel bar. This bar features a bittersweet dark chocolate enveloping a rum infused caramel center. Enjoy your Sunday!, If you've got some free time and a creative mind, try turning your favorite bar into a cupcake! By simply melting your bar down and adding it to your batter or frosting, you can wow your friends and family with a one of a kind dessert!, Looking for a sweet treat this Friday morning? Stop by and try our new Harvest Sweets cranberry almond cookie snaps! These cookies are served best with freshly picked berries, whipped cream, and chocolate shavings from a bar such as the Hachez almond and raspberry bar. Happy Friday!, This just in! Stop by and check our new shipments of Milka, Kinder, and Haribo and see if you can spot your favorites!, What better way to enjoy tea than in a chocolate bar? Dolfin captures the sensational taste of tea in their Earl Grey bar, or add a little spice to your tea by melting pieces of their Ceylon cinnamon bar into your regular beverage!, On a cloudy day like today, nothing will warm your soul better than a cup of tea. Come in and enjoy a wide variety of some of the worlds greatest teas! With classics like Maxim's and exotic teas like Kusmi, your body will be thanking you in no time for that cup of pure relaxation and delicious tranquility. 
Peace, love, & tea, If you've ever wondered what the classiest cookie of the cookie world is, then inquire no further. The macaron is the Audrey Hepburn, the Jackie Kennedy of desserts. A classic and timeless indulgence, the macaron's light and fluffy texture will have you floating on a cloud of pure bliss. Our mocha macaron will put a little pep in your step, and our delicate rose-lychee macaron will have you head over heels in love with it with your first bite. So, come in and try one of our many flavors; you've got nothing to lose and only happiness to gain!, Alcove is a chocolate line inspired by their own history as a bakery. Check out their Red Velvet and Fleur de Pretzel bars in our latest blog post. http://gourmetboutique.wordpress.com/2013/08/11/a-new-spin-on-bakers-chocolate/, Toast is an essential part of every breakfast, right? Chocolate lovers can now enjoy the taste of toast at any time of day with BT McElrath's Buttered Toast Chocolate Bar. Use pieces of this bar when making pancakes for a well-balanced breakfast!, Chocolate is like the best friend, spouse, and dependable person we've always wanted in our life. This sucré bar will have you wishing you could marry it. It's decadent white chocolate and perfect balance of dried strawberries and amaretti cookie crumbles will have you jumping for joy. Marcel Proust once said, "let us be grateful to people who make us happy, they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom." So, let yourselves indulge in this chocolate and let your souls bloom with happiness!, New from the Tea Room: their Lapsang Souchong Tea in Dark Chocolate is one of the most marvelously layered bars in our collection. The smoky Souchong gives the bar a full body that supports the rich dark chocolate. A touch of Himalayan Salt salt, brings the flavors together with a touch of caramel taste. A phenomenal bar worthy of praise., Introducing our new line of chocolate bars: Antidote. Antidote names its bars after Aztec and Greek gods and goddesses that are known as the "antidotes" to emotions such as fear and describe the flavors in each unique bar. These chocolate bars are sustainably crafted with blends (and raw!) roasted Arriba cacao beans from certified organic farms in Ecuador. They are both potent and invigorating through antioxidants, raw nutrients, and hand-selected ingredients. Empower your taste buds with these delectable, and meaningful, chocolate bars!, Looking for a quick chocolate hit? Cadbury makes the delicious SNACK bar, with a buttery shortbread biscuit, layered in chocolate. Excellent finisher to a quick lunch., Our macaroon case is looking far too full! Stop in and try our new flavors: black currant and half and half mocha!, Looking for something a little more interesting for Breakfast? Cacao Nibs can add a lot to a breakfast without a lot of sugar or fats. Askinoise provides ready to eat nibs, perfect with cereal or granola. http://www.thekitchn.com/cacao-nibs-for-breakfast-10-delicious-rise-and-shine-recipes-171686, The Chocolate Praline was invented in 1912 by Jean Neuhaus II, the first chocolate shell filled with a delectable cream center. Neuhaus is still one of the most well known names in high quality chocolates, you need only taste one of their truffles to understand why., We have the full line of new Lake Champlain chocolates, incredibly smooth and creamy bars win some phenomenal flavors. The Aztec Spice has been particularly popular, but the Creamy Coconut is my favorite, texture like silk., We have another exciting blog post for you to read this evening. Take a look at what 12 year old Maya Kannan, our newest guest blogger has to say about her favorite summer time chocolates. Enjoy!

http://gourmetboutique.wordpress.com/2013/08/04/summer-chocolates-part-2-a-12-year-olds-favorites/, Take a look at our latest blog post on the top summer time chocolates at Gourmet Boutique!
http://gourmetboutique.wordpress.com/2013/08/04/summer-time-favorites/, Charles M. Schulz once said, "All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt." So, fall in love with Cacao Atlanta's decadent cherries and crushed almonds dark chocolate bar. The chocolate will melt in your mouth and the cherries and almonds go so perfectly, you'll realize it's what your life has been missing all along., null, Watermelons sure do top our list of favorite #summerfruits. Cool of on this sunny #Saturday with ice-cold watermelon wedges dipped in melted chocolate! A juicy, appetizing and refreshing treat. http://www.giverecipe.com/chocolate-dipped-watermelon.html, It's National #Raspberry Cake Day! Did you know a single raspberry is made up of 50 - 150 tiny fruitlets that grow together?

Here is an easy-to-make recipe for a soft and fluffy raspberry cake! Guess how many of those mini fruitlets you would be eating in this cake.
http://www.food.com/recipe/downeast-raspberry-cake-301597, Our new line Sucré features an exciting range of flavors sure to please every chocolate fan! From a bar featuring rose petals for the curious to their pretzel bar for the sweet and salty lover. Come in to find out what other flavors await you!, Happy Milk Chocolate Day everyone! There is no better way to celebrate this day than with one of the finest and luxurious milk chocolates of this season. Behold Caffarel's rich milk chocolate truffles filled with an aromatic ganache made with real strawberries and cream.

Smooth and velvety on the outside, as you take a bite, this Italian chocolate will melt in your mouth and you will encounter the fresh smell of real strawberry bits that bring crunchiness to the creamy filling. 

We all love strawberries and cream for dessert. How about strawberries and cream enrobed with chocolate? Now that's an irresistible Sunday dessert!, Ready to try something totally different and unique? 

Well, we have the right bar for you! Askinosie's deep dark goat's milk chocolate bar, embedded with pistachios, sprinkled with salt flakes and Ancho chiles will take you on an adventurous journey. Perfect to much on if you like a semi sweet-n-salty mixture., Happy Friday Everyone! Here is an easy to make yet delightful recipe for you to try this weekend. Indulge in a Cadbury's Cappuccino Mousse - a well deserved dessert after a long week at work! http://www.cadburykitchen.com.au/recipes/view/cappuccino-mousse-with-cadbury-chocolate-finger-biscuit/3/, The macaroons have arrived! Stop by and try our new flavors honey & lavender and passion fruit!, We at Gourmet Boutique sure do enjoy a dash of chili in our chocolate.

So it's time to spice it up a notch with this recipe for Chocolate and Chili Tart with crème fraîche and lime. Take your taste buds on an adventurous journey with this rich chocolate tart infused with red-hot chilis, sprinkled with tangy lime and served with a dollop of fresh creme to cool you off. 

Curious to try spicy chocolate? Visit or store and check out our chili-chocolate collections.

http://www.greatbritishchefs.com/recipes/chocolate-tart-recipe-chilli-creme-fraiche#sthash.0gCa480g.dpuf, Looking for a little salty to go with your sweet? Stop by and try our new Alcove Fleur de Pretzel bar! A milk chocolate creation scattered with pieces of pretzel that add the perfect amount of salt for that salty-sweet kick!, Happy Friday! Check out this cool recipe for Ice Cream Pretzel cake to beat the heat this weekend. Enhance the taste by using dark-chocolate covered pretzels by  Ethereal Confections 
http://www.tasteofhome.com/recipes/ice-cream-pretzel-cake, Celebrate National Caviar Day by stopping by and trying our amazing American and Imported caviars!, It's SNACK time! We can't think of anything more scrumptious than the #Cadbury's Snack bar. A rich chocolate center sandwiched between crunchy biscuit and coated with a layer of divine Cadbury milk chocolate. Now that's what we call Snack-Attack!, You don't need to be a musician to "get" Mozart Kuglen . . . by the handful. Delicious chocolate covered marzipan from Salzberg., Today, it's time to indulge in a splash of an All-American and All-Organic chocolate bar from Wild Ophelia. Just as the rays of the sun would bring joy on this summery day, Wild Ophelia's Sweet Cherry Pecan will add delight to your day.

Made with deep milk chocolate, embedded with soft, mellow Del Valle Pecans from New Mexico and dried cherries from Michigan that will make you blush, this bar of chocolate is smooth, velvety and comforting from start to finish. Let's just say, this is certainly a "sweet" treat!, Love your #Saturday with an iced Mocha! http://pinterest.com/pin/146367056610863047/, On special sale today is NewTree's fabulously fruity Superfruit bar. Hurry to the store and grab your 15% discount on this all-organic Belgian delight!, We all scream for...Macaroons!  These feather-light confections are sure to beat the heat. Our personal favorite? Rose lychee. Think: rose with notes of exotic lychee., WE <3 #SUMMER!, It's time for a little snack and there is nothing better to munch on today than Ethereal's organic and gluten-free dark chocolate covered pretzels. A crunchy, crumbly, bitter-sweet treat that will take you through the rest of your Tuesday. Perfect with a cup of "wake-me-up" coffee., Artisan du Chocolat's Ginger and Lemongrass fusion bar is a perfect summery combination! The zing of the ginger melded with the earthiness of lemongrass creates a refreshing mix when added to the creamy sweetness of milk chocolate. A summer must try!, Behold New Tree's Superfruit Belgian Dark Chocolate. Made with the finest cacoa from Latin America, this rich, creamy and organic dark chocolate is power-packed with Mother Nature's energy boosters.

Infused with tangy pomegranate, papaya, cranberries and grape extract, all rich in antioxidants, you will not only relish the exquisite taste of fine chocolate, but also take in nutrients to recharge your body.

As you savor a piece of this earthly delicacy, you will immediately sense the crunchy pomegranate granules, that are most prominent in this bar.

Enjoy the pleasure of indulging in gourmet chocolate and strengthening your body with nutritional treasures, all at the same time!, Happy 4th of July!, Celebrate the 4th of July by stopping by and trying our fleur de sel, red velvet, and Hanna paulina truffles!, Looking for a snack but don't want to feel guilty about it? Nothing puts the "blue" in red, white, and blue like blueberries! Stop by and try Harvest Sweets' dark chocolate covered blueberries and almonds!, Cooking for a crowd this holiday? Give them something different to try by putting in chunks of Tea Room's Chamomile and Honey White Chocolate Bar to give a subtle flavor to plain sugar cookies. Now that's sweet!, Chocolate as a gateway into our pasts and our minds. Check out our latest blog post. gourmetboutique.wordpress.com/2013/07/02/chocolate-takes-us-back/, Brighten up this dreary day with Ethereal's black cherry lemonade bar! It puts the "red" in red, white, and blue!, It's time to relish Cocoa Planet's all-natural and gluten-free Chocolate Olive. 
This is not "just another" olive oil infused chocolate bar. What makes this experience more adventurous is the presence of 3 different dark chocolates, carefully blended together with fresh, aromatic Arbequina olive oil and a hint of Pacific sea salt, to form a rich ganache truffle filling.
This creamy filling is layered between thin wafers of premium dark chocolate, giving you a velvety-smooth and luxurious dessert, best accompanied with a glass of red or sparkling white wine.
Cocoa Planet's Chocolate Olive is bound to offer a satisfying end to your relaxing weekend!, Looking for a way to spice up your weekend? Try pairing our new handmade marshmallows with the Vosges Red Fire bar made up of Mexican ancho, chipotle chilies, and Ceylon cinnamon. It really turns up the heat!, Tired of the same old boring s'mores? Turn up the flavor with our new Saxon homemade coconut, lemon, strawberry, and Tahition vanilla marshmallows!, New truffle arrived today, Butter Pecan: as tasty as it is elegant., It's wine Wednesday! Kick back and relax with our refreshing sparkling sunrise mimosa, summer sangria, and zesty margarita truffles!, It's time for an afternoon indulgence! Devour this delicate and delightful hand-made chocolate filled with a luscious passion fruit and caramel ganache., Bacon and Chocolate. From curious novelty to artisonal delicacy, this has been the decade for Bacon. http://gourmetboutique.wordpress.com/2013/06/23/bringing-home-the-bacon/, Sir Francis Peanut Brittle, a combination of smoky, salty sweetness that is sure to be a hit at your next summer BBQ., Awaken your senses with The Tea Room's rich and aromatic white chocolate bar infused with calming Chamomile tea and soothing wild honey. 

This creamy white chocolate from Europe has been delicately blended with warm organic honey and Chamomile tea from Egypt. As you take your first bite, you will encounter a distinct sweetness, that comes from the white chocolate and honey. The Chamomile tea adds a floral, toasty taste which is absolutely refreshing.

Explore a medley of flavors bound to relax and rejuvenate you on this summery Sunday., Explore the world of Cadbury with our latest blog post! http://gourmetboutique.wordpress.com/2013/06/20/cadbury-love/, Forgot dad on Father's Day? Maybe a Chocolate cigar will help make up for it., Spice up your evening with this ravishing red chocolate heart, filled with a sizzling chili pepper ganache. Just the right amount of hot chilis to awaken your taste buds., This might look like a cake for a special occasion but every day is a special day to celebrate. Try this heavenly recipe for smooth and creamy Milka chocolate filled with Milka Noisette to satisfy every inch if your dessert cravings. Check out the recipe here http://honestcooking.com/milka-chocolate-cake-recipe/, On this Father's Day, do him a favor, watch those old movies with him you don't understand and give him a popcorn chocolate as good as he is. The Chuao Popcorn Bar, a mix of toasted grain, pop rocks, butter, and chocolate. A surprising symphony of novelty and nostalgia., Vosges Chocolate Bacon Pancakes are be the perfect option for Father's Day Breakfast., Ooey-gooey, banana, and chewy! Come and try Bissingers new banana pecan caramel Peruvian pink salt bar (tastes like banana bread dipped in chocolate)!, How about a sweet-something to munch on as you curl up on the couch to relax? Try this quick and tasty recipe for chocolate-dipped salted caramel popcorn clusters using your favorite Cadbury's chocolate. A perfect way to end your day. Enjoy! http://www.cadburykitchen.com.au/recipes/view/chocolate-dipped-salted-caramel-popcorn-clusters/1/, Looking for an unusual treat to make this cloudy day a little more exciting? Our new manchego truffle has been a staff favorite here at Gourmet Boutique since the day it arrived! Its unexpected combination of manchego cheese, figs, and pistachios is sure to surprise your taste buds and satisfy both your sweet and savory cravings!, Have you ever wondered how it would be to bite into lemonade rather than drink it? Well here is your chance to savor lemonade with a twist.
Ethereal Confections' Black Cherry Lemonade Bar is  a dairy and gluten free bar of smooth velvety bitter-sweet artisan chocolate filled with a concoction of creamy black cherries and citrus.
As you take in the fresh and fruity aroma of the bar, behold the luscious taste of cocoa combined with sweet and tangy flavor of citrus. Infused with a pinch of olive oil and vinegar completes the bar and gives you the kick you are looking for.
While you relax on the patio on this sunny  day, sipping a glass of icy lemonade, make sure to bite into this bar of chocolate for a summery treat., On a gloomy day, it's nice to curl up with a nice cup of tea, or at least a tea infused chocolate., Happy Friday everyone! Escape the rain and snuggle up to a delicious cup of heart-warming hot chocolate. Take a look at this recipe from Valrhona - simply divine! http://www.valrhona-chocolate.com/hot-chocolate-recipe, A big order of Kinder, Ritter, and Milka came in today. All our favorite flavors and a few new ones! Drop in the store to see our new selection., It’s time for a Sparkling Sunrise. Refresh yourselves as you bite into a smooth and creamy filling of tangy citrus combined with aromatic champagne enrobed in a shimmering chocolate shell. A fabulous mimosa awaits, just for you., Want to know about Turkish Delights and why they are so popular? Read our latest blog post! http://gourmetboutique.wordpress.com/2013/06/02/turkish-delights-a-legendary-sweet/, A trip to Madagascar converted Nicole Coady from being a renowned pastry chef into the creator of the fabulous Fixx Chocolates. 
Take a look at Bud's Peanut Butter Nougat with Sea Salt. The inspiration behind this chocolate is Nicole's Grandpa Bud who always had a jar Virginia peanuts by his side.
Bud's Fixx is an epitome of peanut fantasy with a creamy peanut butter nougat filling with roasted peanuts enrobed in semi-sweet chocolate and sprinkled with a hint of sea salt. A sophisticated version of Snickers and Reese's Peanut Butter Cups is what you will encounter as you take in these delicate delights. Get ready to be "fixx-ated!", As you soak up a little sun today, enjoy a Summer Sangria, perfect for the warm and pleasant afternoon. Bite into a glittering red dark chocolate shell filled with juicy Zinfandel blended with vibrant summer fruits and a dash of brandy for some summer-time fun., This Memorial Day weekend was surely a memorable one for Gourmet Boutique. Thanks to everyone who helped us raise funds for the The One Fund Boston this weekend.We couldn't have done it without you all!, Interested in how Chocolatiers turn blocks of raw chocolate into a cornucopia of treats? Check out our latest blog post. http://gourmetboutique.wordpress.com/2013/05/28/the-chocolate-process-from-block-to-bar/, Happy Memorial Day everyone! On this sunny day, let's celebrate with mouth-watering Berry Trifles. 
http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/sunny-anderson/patriotic-berry-trifle-recipe/index.html, Imagine melting marshmallows by the campfire and eating them with graham crackers on a starry night in the woods. That's the feeling you will embrace with Bissinger's Campfire S'mores Caramel Truffles. Smooth milk chocolate sprinkled with real sea salt is filled with delicate layers of graham crackers, marshmallows and chewy caramel which oozes out as you take a bite. You will first taste an intense burnt smoky flavor brought by the mineral seal salt, followed by warm and sweet marshmallows and caramel. The crunchy bits of graham crackers will add to your S'more-eating experience, transporting you to a virtual camping trip!, Happy Friday everyone. Have a fabulous weekend and of course with some chocolate!, It's time to recharge yourselves with mesmerizing Maragaritas - not the drink but with these frosty green, bittersweet chocolate truffles filled with tequila-lime infused white chocolate and sprinkled with sea salt and lime. A sweet and tangy Thursday treat indeed!, This Sunday we're helping out with the Boston Strong Chocolate tour with a raffle to support the Boston One Fund. http://www.bostonchocolatetours.com/, On this sunny afternoon, indulge in these precious Taroccos. Creamy caramel entwined with the fresh flavor of blood oranges and wrapped in a dark chocolate shell is the perfect treat for the day., On this pleasant Sunday, we share with you one of Christopher Elbow's finest creations - 63% dark chocolate bar with toasted coconut. 
The velvety smooth texture of the artisan bar combined with crunchy coconut will give your taste buds a warm treat. The toasted coconut flakes are spread evenly in the bar, giving it a rather smoky flavor and adding to the overall taste of dark chocolate. If you're a coconut lover, and enjoy bittersweet chocolates, then this is a bar to try., Ever wonder how they turn a bean into the raw ingredients that some day become chocolate, and how that process can influence the taste? Check out the first of two articles exploring the Chocolate Process http://gourmetboutique.wordpress.com/2013/05/16/the-chocolate-process-bean-to-block/, Indulge in Valrhona wonder today. Take a look at this recipe for a delightfully light and fluffy coconut-raspberry with Valrhona Manjari mousse. This is ought to take your breath away on this warm summer day! 

http://www.valrhonaprofessionals.com/coconut-recipe.html, Today is National Fruit Cocktail Day! To celebrate and cool off on this bright and sunny day, check out this recipe for Peach Chai Crush by Tea Forté. http://www.teaforte.com/tealiving/peachchaicrush.cfm, On Mother's Day, try a New Tree Black Currant Dark Chocolate Bar. Belgian chocolatier, New Tree uses health conscious processing methods that give their chocolates more nutrients per bite. Black currants add a sweet jam-like flavor. A smooth combination of sweet, like preserves on a chocolate gelato., Happy Mother's Day!, Happy Friday everyone. As you gear up for the weekend and of course Mother's Day, take a look at this recipe for a cool and crunchy Vanilla Cream Pie by Cadbury. Bon Appetite...
http://recipes.cadbury.co.uk/recipes/sweettreats/Pages/Vanilla-Cream-Pie-by-Hanna.aspx, Boston Chocolate Tours is hosting a Boston Strong Back Bay Chocolate Walking Tour benefitting the One Fund on Sunday, May 26th. As the last stop on the tour, we will have an extra special tasting in honor of this event. Click on this link to get your tickets - http://www.bostonchocolatetours.com/tours/boston/boston-strong-bay-chocolate-tour/, Mother's Day is just a few days away and here is a great dish that can be in your mommy's brunch menu. Take a look at this recipe for fluffy fruit foccacia, an adaptation of Little Dom's restaurant's famous Fruit Foccacia with olive oil and seasonal fruits. A fabulous way to say "I love you Mom!" http://www.latimes.com/features/food/la-fo-sosfruitfocaccia-20100930,0,2572086.story, Mother's Day is just a few days away and here is a great dish that can be in your mommy's brunch menu. Take a look at this recipe for fluffy fruit foccacia, an adaptation of Little Dom's restaurant's famous Fruit Foccacia with olive oil and seasonal fruits. A fabulous way to say "I love you Mom!" http://www.latimes.com/features/food/la-fo-sosfruitfocaccia-20100930,0,2572086.story, How about enjoying a cup of tea with tea-infused cookies? Try this warm and soothing recipe for Earl Grey Tea Cookies from Tea Forté http://www.teaforte.com/tealiving/teaearlgreycookies.cfm, Spring is in finally here and ladybugs are out in full swing! Finding one crawling around you is known to be good luck, and the chocolate ones we have are just plain good! Coming in two delectable flavors our adorably delicious ladybugs are sure to brighten any spring day! The pink ladybugs have a dark chocolate outer shell and a creamy Nutella filling and the red ones are filled with peanut butter and coated in milk chocolate, what's not to love about these little bugs?, Nothing like a splash of orange citrus to accompany a sunny Sunday Boston afternoon. Chuao's bar "Orange-a-go-go" has your mouth a'goin' wild. As soon as the first bite settles in your mouth, hints of citrus escape the confines of the dark chocolate. Bergamot oranges add subtle lemony notes, while candied oranges sweeten each bite. Who knew a dark chocolate bar could taste like sunshine?, Happy Friday! In the mood for cupcakes? Check out this recipe for delicious and creamy Haribo cupcakes.
http://uktv.co.uk/food/recipe/aid/646862, Three new flavors of the large Milka Bars have just arrived, and they're absolutely scrumptious! The Triolade, Luflee Caramel and Nuss-Nougat-Creme are calling out to your taste buds! Since they are always buy 2, get the 3rd free, why not come in today and grab all three new flavors?, It may raise an eyebrow or two, but potato chips and chocolate is a winning combination. Read the Review.
http://gourmetboutique.wordpress.com/2013/05/02/potato-cacao-and-something-very-new/, We've got another dessert idea for you to try on Mother's day...For those gourmand mom's, try a Foie Gras Peanut Butter and Jelly Sandwich! We personally love Chef Jose Andres' version at Bazaar Miami Beach. 

Use an English muffin or your mom's favorite soft white bread and put a generous slice of block foie gras, a layer of peanut butter and a layer of raspberry jelly.  Then, finish off this luxe sandwich in a panini press to meld all those amazing flavors together. This is definitely not-your-average pb&j sandwich and is sure to satisfy your mom's exquisite taste buds!, To celebrate National Raisin Day, treat yourselves to Weinrich's delicious milk chocolate bar with crunchy hazelnuts, freshly dried raisins and a hint of rum!, Take a look at this mouth-watering recipe for chocolate-stuffed French toast with raspberry sauce that will keep you smiling for the rest of the week. http://www.vancouversun.com/life/food/Recipe+chocolate+stuffed+French+toast+with+raspberry+sauce/8309933/story.html, With the beautiful weather out today, you should treat yourself to one of the finer chocolates. Cacao Sampaca is an acclaimed Spanish chocolate, and their Milk Chocolate with Bergamot is an excellent example of their work. 

The milk chocolate has a nice stiff texture laid into very thin bars of chocolate. A bite sends pearls of chocolate across your tongue that quickly melt into delicious rain drops. The bergamot adds a hint of citrus, that emphasizes the sweeter notes in the cacao., Take a look at our latest blog for a taste of the much loved Ritter SPORT!
http://gourmetboutique.wordpress.com/2013/04/27/better-with-ritter/, Craving for something sweet with a little twist? We are back with another all-natural chunky chocolate from Ethereal Confections. This dark chocolate bar with crunchy cacao nibs and caramelized almonds, topped with sea salt will definitely wake you up!, Thinking of what to make for dessert on Mother's Day? We think Caramel Budinos with a Salted Caramel sauce would be absolutely perfect! It has a cookie crust, creamy custard-like pudding and an absolutely divine salted caramel sauce on top. It is a wonderful merriment of texture and an incredible depth of rich flavors all melded into a perfect dessert....we can't think of a better way to celebrate with your mom on her day!

http://www.bonappetit.com/recipes/2011/09/caramel-budino-with-salted-caramel-sauce, Happy Cherry-Cheesecake Day! An easy recipe that is bound to be a true delight!
http://www.marthastewart.com/356348/no-bake-cherry-cheesecake?center=276943&gallery=275742&slide=284526, Happy Earth Day! Let us join hands to save Mother Earth because she is the only planet with chocolate. 
As an Earth Day special, we have a special go-green offer today. Buy any two of our all-natural or fair trade favorites and get a third one (lesser value) absolutely free.
Our list includes a wide range of milk and dark chocolates and gummies. Don't miss out!, Earth Day is just a days away, so today, we share with you an all-natural earthy bar of chocolate. Ethereal Confections, started by two trendy women in Illinois, bring to the world organic and gluten-free chocolate inspired by flavors from all over the world. 
Their Akasha bar is an 85% dark chocolate bar topped with freeze dried apples, pumpkin seeds and cinnamon. While the the dark chocolate carries a strong woody texture, the sweetness of the dried apples and salty pumpkin seeds accentuate the overall taste making this a great piece of chocolate to bite into this Sunday!, We wanted to take a moment and thank all the law enforcement who kept our city of Boston safe and commemorate those who have been injured or lost their lives this week. On this bittersweet Saturday, our bittersweet chocolate, Poco Dolce sounds like the perfect companion. This San Francisco artisan chocolate line's focus on the savory side of sweet is perfectly portrayed in the Olive Oil Sea Salt Bar. The olive oil adds fruity hints and gives the bar its creamy, melt-in-your-mouth texture, and the sea salt harvested from the coast of Brittany provides that savory kick. Come in and try one of these bittersweet concoctions - they are absolutely divine., Thinking of munching on something sweet to get you through the rest of day? Why not try these soft and chewy yuzu lemon citrus and ginger gummie pandas by Bissinger's? They are all-natural made with organic sweeteners. The citrus and ginger, together create a warm, refreshing and energetic flavor that will definitely satisfy your sugar rush for a Happy Friday., Today's healthy indulgence is Berry Allure's gourmet black currants coated in rich European dark chocolate. These naturally candied black currants will trigger your taste buds with a tangy twist and a mild crunch at the end. They taste great when accompanied with champagne and cheese for a later afternoon spring time treat., A chocolate for every occasion, check out our article on the very stylish chocolates, Maxim's de Chocolate http://gourmetboutique.wordpress.com/2013/04/16/art-nouveau-chocolate-and-maxims-de-paris/, Starting today and continuing every Wednesday until Mother's Day, we will be posting delicious brunch recipes that you can use to spoil your mom. Today's recipe features steamy popovers (makes 12)...

Ingredients: 
4 cups milk, warmed
8 eggs
4 cups flour
1 1/2 heaping tbsp salt
2 1/4 cups grated gruyere cheese
Popover pan

Preparation:
Place the popover pan in the oven. Heat the oven and pan to 350 degrees. Gently warm the milk over low heat and set aside. Whisk the eggs until frothy and slowly whisk in the milk (so as not to cook the eggs). Set the mixture aside. Sift the flour with the salt. Slowly add this dry mixture and gently combine until mostly smooth. Once combined, remove the popover pan from the oven and spray with non-stick vegetable spray. While the batter is still slightly warm or room temperature (definitely not cool), fill each popover cup 3/4 full. Top each popover with approximately 2 1/2 tbsp of grated gruyere. Bake at 350 degrees for 50 minutes, rotating pan half a turn after 15 minutes of baking. Remove from the oven, remove from the pan and serve immediately. 

*We love to drizzle a little bit of our Sabatino White Truffle oil over the tops of these steamy popovers, right as they come out of the oven to open up all of the different flavors!

Stay tuned next Wednesday for our next scrumptious Brunch recipe!, With the warm weather today, we've really been craving something tropical. So, we pulled all of our apricot and chocolate combinations to share with you today. We love the complex, sweet and tangy flavor of apricots in chocolate, gummy and even marzipan form, and we know you will as well!, A healthy treat for the day is Ethereal Confections' all-organic, dairy and gluten free dark chocolate bar topped with pistachios, dried cranberries and sprinkled with salt crystals. Experience sweet, salty and crunchy along with mild bitterness from the dark chocolate all in one bite - absolutely satisfying and guilt-free!, Our thoughts and prayers to all those affected by the explosions in Boston today. Stay safe everyone., It's Marathon Monday! As the Boston Marathon kicks off today, here is a bar that will boost the adrenaline rush. Ritter Sport's Olympia bar was created in 1980 during the Moscow Olympics. Filled with hazelnut, honey, yogurt and grape sugar, this bar is a combination of sweet and tangy with all the ingredients for long-lasting energy!
With this we wish all the runners the very best!, Mother's day is just a few weeks away! What better way to honor your mother than with these amazing Parisian treats from Maxim's. These beautiful heart-shaped tins are are filled with individually wrapped nougats and have different flavors depending on the tin color. The gold tin featured here is filled with milk chocolate bites scattered with crunchy nougat chips that are infused with almonds and honey. There's no better way to tell your mom that you love her., "While marzipan isn't as popular in the U.S. as it is in Europe, we're starting a personal campaign to fix this grave oversight." - We are totally with the Huffington post on this one! We have a bunch of different kinds of marzipan, including the original almond and even ones infused with different flavors. You can eat these straight or even make them into baked goods - check out this article for some awesome photo recipes!
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/02/05/marzipan-recipes-dessert_n_2617815.html, It's Friday Feature Day! Ferrero's Pocket Coffee's can give you that kick you need to start this weekend off right. These chocolate pralines are filled with a rich Italian Espresso coffee syrup that will come oozing right out. Bite it and drink the liquid, pop the whole thing in your mouth or melt it right in your coffee - whichever way you chose to eat these, we know you will enjoy them. Refer back to Sunday's Product review for another image that shows just how messy these little things can really be...Today only, come in and get 20% Ferrero's Pocket Coffees!, Check out our latest blog post on the wonders of hazelnut! http://gourmetboutique.wordpress.com/2013/04/10/the-wonders-of-hazelnut/, The sun is shining so it's time to celebrate with some refreshing desserts. Try this fabulous rice pudding with juicy peaches. The secret ingredient that brings this sweet treat to life are crumbled Gavottes infused in the rice pudding. Bon Appetite!
http://www.gavottes.fr/en/recipes/gavottes-recipes/rice-pudding-peaches-and-gavottes
--, Who said Balsamic Vinegar was only for salads? Here at Gourmet Boutique, we love drizzling our Tondo Balsamic Cream on ice cream, fresh fruit (especially figs and strawberries) and even baked into cakes! Check out the link below for some great dessert recipes featuring balsamic vinegar...
http://www.yummly.com/recipes/balsamic-vinegar-dessert, Check out our latest blog article - "Milk in Chocolate: Milk Creams and the Myth of the Milky Way"
http://gourmetboutique.wordpress.com/2013/04/04/milk-in-chocolate-milk-creams-and-the-myth-of-the-milky-way/, It's time to spice up your breakfast routine! Try our wonderful Vosges' Bacon Chocolate Pancake mix - it is sure to satisfy all of your sweet and salty cravings. Here is an awesome blog that offers some great tips when making these fluffy treats...
http://www.peaceloveandchocolate.com/2009/06/08/chocolate-spotted-bacon-pancake/, From the people that brought you Nutella, here is something else that you're sure to love! Ferrero's Pocket Espressos are individually wrapped chocolate pralines filled with a real liquid Italian Espresso coffee syrup. There is a wonderful crunch and flavor from the caramelized sugar shell that encases the liquid, but be careful! They're messy and pack quite a punch - the caffeine kick of three of these is equivalent to a cup of espresso. If you're looking for an afternoon pick me up, definitely give these a try!, It's Friday Feature Day! Ethereal Confections is an all natural, dairy and gluten free artisan chocolate line that is reconnecting people to pure and natural ingredients. We love the Dark Chocolate Ambrosias, which are healthy chocolate barks. Some are packed with cherries, hazelnuts, and espresso beans and others with smoked sea salt, chiles and caramelized pecans.  Salivating yet? Ya, we thought so! Today only, get 20% off your Ethereal Confections purchase - so, come in and get your healthy chocolate fix!, Here is some cultural indulgence for today, all the way from India. Try out this simple, yet delightful "chocolate barfi." Barfi,  a traditional Indian milk sweet, served cold, is inspired by the Hindi term for snow. This dessert is as magical and refreshing as snow flakes falling from the sky. Try this recipe for chocolate Barfi and relish the Taste of  India.
http://aspertaste.com/chocolate-burfi/, New Ritter Sport arrivals just in time for National Chocolate Mousse Day, Creme brûlée vs. Neuhaus Chocolate... 
Neuhaus won., null, We're ending this countdown with a big bang! Check out this cute Easter basket we made featuring our new line, Ethereal Confections. This chocolate company based in Woodstock, Illinois focuses on reconnecting people with food by using organic ingredients and no preservatives. Their chocolates are dairy free, gluten free and all natural. Today's feature is the Blood Orange and Vanilla Bean Chocolate Meltaway Bar. This handcrafted dark chocolate bar is filled with a luscious and tangy blood orange cream blended with sweet vanilla bean. The infusion of olive oil and vinegar adds to the amazing depth of flavor and makes the bar literally a melt-in-your-mouth treat. Happy Easter, everyone!, Only one more day till Easter! Come and build your very own Cow Corner and farmyard animals with Nestle's Milkybarn! This cute little farm house can be expanded for farmyard adventures with Bluebell, the white chocolate cow and large egg figurine. Don't forget about your taste buds after all your fun adventures and treat them to a little fun with these decadently creamy treats!, It's Good Friday, that means only two days left for Easter. Germans gift each other marzipan pigs on new years eve for good luck. Why not give out marzipan bunnies and eggs this Easter to make this year all the more lucky! Try these delicious and intricately designed  marzipan figurines by Funsch - the gourmet marzipan makers from Germany., The much awaited Easter brunch is only 3 days away! Check out these appetizing and scrumptious brunch options that will make this Easter egg-stra special!
http://www.brit.co/12-eggs/, The clock is ticking and there are only four more days for Easter Sunday. Thinking of ways to fill your Easter basket with amazing goodies? Why not pop in a few of these animated lollipops by Belfine, made with rich Belgian chocolate? These choco lollipop bunnies, chicks, ducks and seahorses have an irresistible smile on their face that will lighten up any Easter celebration., Five fabulous days left for Easter and today, take a look at this unique chocolate egg from Milka. Once you bite into the ever-delightful alpine milk chocolate shell, feast your palates to a thick and fluffy milk creme filling that will just melt in your mouth. An ideal Easter gift because you can never go wrong with Milka when it comes to kids!, With only six days left to Easter, it’s time to uncover more of the special sweet treats. Today, we present to you an Easter delight from Confiserie Heidel, all the way from Germany. A creamy milk chocolate egg, wrapped in shimmering gold is nestled inside a classic ceramic cup, all tied together with shining yellow ribbon. A great gift for Easter Sunday and right after relishing the chocolate use the cup as a decorative piece, a pen holder or fill it up with small Easter eggs to pass around!, Seven more spectacular days left until Easter and this Sunday, take a look at this stellar way to celebrate Easter the European way  Gut Springenheide, traditional German chocolate makers have created a delicious chocolate hazelnut truffle enclosed in a beautifully decorated eggshell. Real egg shells are emptied, sterilized and filled with a blend of rich, dark and hazelnut chocolate to create a smooth, velvety truffle. The eggshells are decorated with fresh pastel colors that are refreshing to the eyes. Chill the egg for a few minutes and scoop out the mouth-watering truffle from inside - a perfect Easter dessert to share with your loved ones., Eight enlightening days left for Easter, so why not try these adorable chocolate bunnies from the specialists of kids' treats - Kinder and Milka! You will light up your Easter basket with Kinder's milk chocolate blended with creamy hazelnut Easter bunny and Milka's hollow bunny made with 100% alpine milk. Now who can say no to these cheerful bunnies?!, Nine more days to go and today we bring to you Easter goodies from Marich. These colorful chocolate eggs bring out the spirit of the spring season. If you are a caramel lover, then the Caramel Robin Eggs are the perfect treats for you. Each mini caramel egg covered in dark chocolate and a crispy bright blue candy shell will keep you asking for more. If you are looking for something on the nuttier side, then try the roasted Jordan almonds coated with a layer of milk chocolate and encased in a beautiful pastel sugar shell. You definitely cannot stop with just one!, Our Easter countdown begins! With only 10 more days until Easter Sunday, it's time to think about yummy chocolate eggs and bunnies. How about this beautiful Easter basket filled with smooth and creamy chocolate eggs and bunnies? A perfect way to say Happy Easter to your kids., Hope you have an appetite for pasta because today is National Ravioli Day! 
Did you know ravioli was created back in the 14th Century when Francesco di Marco Datini, a merchant from Prato, Tuscany included a recipe for ravioli in an ancient manuscript? 
Vegetarian ravioli is a popular meal in Italy on Fridays and during Lent when people refrain from eating meat.
Since chocolate makes everything a hundred times better, here is a sweet way to celebrate National Ravioli Day. Try this scrumptious recipe for raspberry-filled chocolate ravioli. Enjoy!
http://recipes.howstuffworks.com/raspberry-filled-chocolate-ravioli-recipe.htm, null, What better way to celebrate St. Patrick's Day than with our Irish inspired truffles! Starting on the left, we have our Jameson's Fire Whiskey truffle, which has a slightly sweet and woody aroma. It is a creamy ganache blended with Jameson Irish Whiskey enrobed in milk chocolate. The center gem is A Wee Bit of Baileys Irish Coffee, which is a silky white chocolate ganache blended with roasted coffee and a hint of baileys and Jameson. Finally, we have the Pint of Guinness, which is a smooth milk chocolate blended with the famous extra stout Irish beer. All three of these are sure to transport you and your taste buds to your favorite pub on the Emerald Isle., Cioccolato Fondente Con Mandrole – dark chocolate with almonds by Amedei is this Sunday's special. 
One of the finest creations by  Cecilia Tessieri and her quest for the best chocolate, this bar is more on the traditional side and showcases the union of an exclusive cocoa blend made in Tuscany, and famous almonds grown in the Avola region of Sicily. 
With one bite, you will be convinced that you can never go wrong with such chocolate. Savor this delicious bar while enjoying your alcohol on St. Patty's Day!, Look what just came in. Don't miss out on these cute and colorful bunnies, the perfect goodies for Easter. The bright colors show that Spring is in the air, and each one is uniquely flavored. We have for you, delicious strawberry cream, caramel toffee, PB & J as well as traditional milk chocolate. Which bunny do you choose?, Looking for some chocolate indulgence? Try this fabulous recipe for Gianduja Cold Chocolate Cake, given to you by Venchi - the makers  of finest Italian chocolate. Enjoy!

http://www.venchi.it/en/ricette/gianduja-cold-chocolate-cake.html, Begin your week with our new blog post. Here's some insight on the Mediterranean Diet! http://gourmetboutique.wordpress.com/2013/03/11/its-time-to-go-the-mediterranean-way/, This Sunday, we bring to you, Bissinger's premium wine grapes infused with Shiraz wine and coated with a layer of dark chocolate. You will be transported to a vineyard where you pick delicious grapes and create your own bottle of exquisite wine. The rich flavor of dark chocolate is accentuated by aromatic red wine. Great to pop in your mouth after dinner or enjoy with a glass of vintage port. 
Relish the taste of real wine in every bite!, Just when you thought chocolate chip cookies couldn't get any better...we made some Not-so-average Chocolate Chip Cookies with our Neuhaus Milk Chocolate Bar with Feuilletine Flakes. The creamy milk chocolate is so decadently gooey and the feuilletine flakes seem to caramelize from the oven heat giving the cookies a bit of a toffee taste. So, what are you waiting for? Fire up those ovens!, We can never say no to Cadbury's melt-in-your mouth crumbly Crunchie bar. Here is a must try recipe for honeycomb cake using Crunchie and Dairy Milk - a simple and tasty sweet treat to relish! 

http://recipes.cadbury.co.uk/recipes/browniesandmuffins/Pages/Honeycomb-cakes-by-scarlettsnoopy.aspx#, Who says you can't start your day with chocolate? Here is a simple, healthy and delicious breakfast recipe for you!
http://www.includingcake.com/2012/01/indulgent-chocolate-breakfast-oats.html, This Sunday, we're bringing you a special bar in celebration of our 250 likes! This Bar from Venchi is packed with the perfect trio: almonds, pistachios, and hazelnuts. The creamy white chocolate is complemented by the salted pistachios and the combination of nuts, making it a bar of texture and flavor that will have your tastebuds jumping! Thank you for your support here on Facebook, we hope to continue bringing you wonderful sweet treats! Have an amazing Sunday, everyone!, Today, we're taking you all the way to Germany with Weinrich's Edel-Vollmich mit Mandeln + Trauben bar. This is one of Weinrich's takes on the classic fruit and nut chocolate combination with an almond and raisin milk chocolate bar. The creamy milk chocolate is scattered with crunchy almond bits and topped off with chewy tart raisins that add a refreshing twist to help cut the sweetness of the milk chocolate. It is a wonderful medley of both flavor and texture that will cause your taste buds to do a little happy dance., null, This is a unique take on spaghetti and meatballs from Ted Allen! What says "comfort food" more than a steaming bowl of pasta and flavorful meatballs with the perfect sauce? http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/ted-allen/spaghetti-and-meatballs-recipe/index.html, Don't let the snow keep you inside all day... If you're looking to "Make Believe You're in Rome", check out this Boston Globe article featuring ways to taste la dolce vita in Boston! We're the first stop! 

http://www.bostonglobe.com/magazine/2013/02/17/destination-rome/lmrHEhwV7XJSSw2S6qJsII/story.html?event=event12, On this snowy Sunday, let Gourmet Boutique take you away to the Mediterranean. We present you with Bissinger's Fleur de Sel Truffles with Kreta Olive Oil. These milk chocolate truffles are sprinkled with a caviar of salts and filled with a creamy olive oil blend from the Isles of Crete. The extra virgin olive oil's fruity hint is a wonderful contrast to the creamy milk chocolate and sharpness of the sea salt. We think they pair perfectly with white whine, like a Sauvignon Blanc. So, come in today and grab your little box of paradise., Happy Valentine's Day everyone ♥ ♥
Still looking for something for your sweetheart? How about a box of Gourmet Boutique's collection of bright and vibrant chocolate hearts infused with passion fruit, strawberries, caramel, cherries, cashews, vanilla and more. Every piece will take your special someone by surprise. A perfect way to say "I Love You.", From the city of romance and dreams where love is always in the air, we bring to you individually wrapped fondant milk chocolate filled with delicious nougat, almond and honey by Maxim de Paris. Placed in shimmering red and golden heart shaped boxes, these are great Valentine's Day gifts that will be treasured forever., Valentine's Day is just one day away. Show your love to your loved one with the perfect, easy home-cooked meal, and you can never go wrong with a plate of spaghetti. Mom's Spaghetti Sauce is a savory and flavorful sauce that can go great on top of any pasta from spaghetti to ravioli!, Two days left until Valentine's Day, and here's a great gift or hostess idea for any gathering you might be planning. Emily's Fortune Cookies are full of wonderful messages that are a unique twist on the classic Valentine!, There are 3 days left for Valentine's Day, and Gourmet Boutique brings you a savory yet sweet treat. Balsamic Vinegar is among the most versatile of ingredients. In a balsamic reduction, it can be warm, creamy, and tangy, while drizzled on strawberries for dessert, it can help give contrasting flavors. Adding this to a basket arrangement can add an elegant, savory touch when paired with a box of chocolate truffles, risotto, and other delectable items from our store. Utilizing this in your Valentine's Day meal can make it surprisingly sweet and tangy! Enjoy!!, We bring to you an all-time favorite from the Champagne province of France especially when there are only 4 more days for Valentine's Day. 
Biscuit Rose De Reims by Maison Fossier are a depiction of fine biscuit making dating back to 1690, when bakers created a recipe that can be accompanied with champagne. That is when these rose biscuits, famously called as "ladyfingers" because of their delicate appearance, were born. 
Considered to be the jewels of Reims, the soft pink color is a result of cochineal, a natural food coloring. The pink dough, infused with vanilla is cooked twice so that the biscuits do not flake when broken and sprinkled with powdered sugar for that magical touch.
Crunchy yet soft, the moment you take a bite, you can sense the warmth of these sweet biscuits as they melt in your mouth. With the power to absorb any liquid, they are delicious when accompanied with champagne, coffee or tea.
Even more exciting for those who are planning a romantic meal with their Valentine - stay tuned for an extraordinary recipe for strawberry tiramisu using Biscuits Roses De Reims that will ensure love is in the air!, It's cold outside and only 5 more days left for Valentine's Day. Surely, these precious chocolates will warm your hearts.
Delicious handmade-chocolate truffles by Prestat are embedded inside this pretty pink heart box. White, dark or milk, each one is rich, creamy and filled with love.
"Love and chocolate go hand in hand. Where there is love, there has got to be some form of chocolate involved!", T-6 days until Valentine's Day, and a wonderful, romantic savory treat could be enjoyed with Les Aristocades biscuits. Served on a cheese plate with some creamy Brie, Roquefort, or goat cheese, these crackers are an elegant way to kick off a romantic dinner for two. It can even be included in a romantic basket arrangement with other items from the store! No matter what, it can be featured as a flavorful part of your Valentine's Day!, Only 7 more days left and you are nuts about your Valentine. Then how about giving your special someone "nuts for you?." Rich and creamy cashew butter infused with amaretto and blended in delicious white chocolate will ensure your love is always nuts over you!
Remember love makes people strong but when chocolate is involved the bond becomes stronger!, With 8 days left for Valentine's Day, we bring you another flavorful, decadent dinner staple. Creamy Truffled Risotto is excellent when paired with a tender grilled steak and steamed vegetables. With that dinner on the table, and two candlesticks as the centerpiece, it's sure to be a romantic evening!, Our Valentine's Day countdown continues with 9 days left! If you're thinking about sending a care package to your loved one in college, Chocolat Moderne's hot cocoa line is a perfect idea. Whether your student loves chocolate and heat, chocolate and spice, or chocolate and caramel, this line has something for everyone!, Want to add a touch of something unique to your Valentine's Day dinner? Perhaps a dash of truffle salt, or a drizzle of white truffle oil can be just what you need! Come check out our line of truffle- infused products, and add another layer of flavor to your Valentine's Day feast !!, How about something sweet and exotic for your Valentine? There are exactly 12 more days left and The Lumi Bar by Artist Du Chocolat from U.K. could be "THE BAR OF CHOCOLATE" for you and your love.

Commonly found and grown in the Gulf, Lumis are dark and aromatic limes that are boiled in salt water, then sun-dried for a week and used as a common ingredient in Persian cooking to bring out an aromatic and luscious flavor to food.

This concept is what chocolatier Gerard has used in his Lumi bar. Once dried, they are crushed and ground along with the cacao beans to bring out a smooth, velvety and tangy taste to the chocolate. 

When you bite into this creamy fusion, you will instantly relish the wonders of dried limes and who doesn't love a little lemon in their chocolate?

"Love is like the Lumi Bar- a little sweet, a little sour but absolutely fresh and electrifying.", Only 13 more days to decide what will make your valentine blush. How about these rich and delicious truffles by Saxons? Inside this box are 16 creamy cocoa butter truffles dusted with dark chocolate. Now that's a gift of love! "No matter what the question is, chocolate is always the answer.....", It's February and love is in the air! Exactly two weeks to Valentine's Day and there is no better way to celebrate love than with chocolate.

Today, we bring to you Chocopologie's Valentine Collection. Embedded inside this heart shaped box are a delicious assortment of dark, milk and white chocolate truffles infused with coconut, sea salt, caramel or strawberries.

"Love is like swallowing hot chocolate before it has cooled down. It takes you by surprise at first but keeps you warm for a long long time.", null, And so begins the Gourmet Boutique 14-Day Valentine's Countdown!! Sapori Antichi's pasta line is elegant and delicious, not to mention simple to prepare! Nothing says romance like Paris, and the Eiffel Tower-shaped pasta is perfect for a romantic version of Mac & Cheese! Pair it with garlic chicken or a citrusy salmon, and you have a romantic meal! Check out this recipe from Epicurious, and see where your Valentine's Day culinary adventure takes you!
http://m.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/Baked-Macaroni-and-Cheese-10183, In the chocolate world, if Hawaii and Italy ever had a child, it would undoubtedly be the Hanna Paulina truffle. This is a nut lovers truffle with a creamy Gianduja filling of hazelnut milk chocolate in a thick white chocolate shell rolled in toasted coconut flakes and macadamia nuts. It's crunchy, it's creamy, it's rich and it's nutty and you've definitely got to come in and try it!, We've finally got a perfect lactose free, gluten free and vegan bar that is absolutely delicious! All the way from London, Artisan du Chocolat is a bean to bar manufacturer that has brought us their Almond Milk Bar. This is a wonderfully creamy bar as expected from any "milk" chocolate bar, but is made entirely with almond milk and absolutely no moo. The almond milk gives the bar its smooth, melt-in-your-mouth texture but also adds a subtle sweetness and nuttiness, which is sure to tantalize your taste buds., Boston University Sorority Recruitment has begun! All BU recruits, come in and enjoy a sweet discount!! Just show a BU ID and proof of participation in the recruitment process and enjoy a sugary delight!, Cacao Sampaka makes its Gourmet Boutique debut with its White Chocolate Roses & Strawberries Bar. This Spanish chocolate bar is part of a luxurious chocolate line, and it definitely packs a variety of flavors and textures. The mellow, creamy white chocolate works its magic as the floral flavor of the roses coats your mouth. The tart strawberry crisps are what help make this bar well-rounded in flavor, as well as texture. Enjoy this bar, as well as the two other bars in the Cacao Sampaka line!, For those who are still in the holiday spirit, here's a delicious chocolate from the case. Refreshing peppermint and dark chocolate ganache? A match made in heaven!, The exclusive line Amedei has officially arrived at Gourmet Boutique! Come in to try one (or all) of our four new bars - Gianduja, Toscano Red, Toscano Blond and Toscano Black! One bite and you'll feel like you've traveled all the way to Tuscany..., Make this Valentine's Day extra special with chocolates filled with love at the Gourmet Boutique..., This is a store favorite from Chuao. Fireworks brought us into 2013, so it seems fit to enjoy the Firecracker bar! Heat from chipotle pepper, crackle from the pop rock candy, and crunch from the sea salt make each dark chocolate bite a wonder. This multi-sensory chocolate experience is an exemplary combination of classic and surprise, since the pop rock candy acts as a palate cleanser, so each bite is experienced as if it were the first. What a way to bring in the New Year!, Wishing everyone a Happy and Prosperous New Year!, This week, we take you to Switzerland to endeavor the magical Swiss Dream Caffe Latte bar by Goldkenn, located in the Swiss side of Lake Geneva. 
Just as the name suggests, this fine chocolate will surely take you all (especially coffee lovers) to dreamland. Who needs a latte when you can savor fine Swiss milk chocolate infused with crunchy and crumbly coffee crisps? The smooth and creamy texture of milk chocolate, along with the strong and aromatic flavor of coffee will last in your pallets until the last bite. Simply irresistible and is bound to wake you up!, Try out Godiva's delicious Butterscotch Walnut Cake topped with rich butter cream this Christmas. It'll be a white Christmas indeed thanks to @GodivaChoc.http://www.godiva.com/recipes-butterscotch-walnut-cake/RecipeArticle3,default,pg.html, Have a sweet, warm Merry Christmas, everyone!
-Gourmet Boutique, It's Christmas Eve and here is something that will warm your hearts as you spend time with your loved ones. "By the Fire", glowing in shiny red is a smooth silky caramel infused with a rich flavor of cognac., Askinosie does wonders with this bar. The poem on the front of the package describes the creamy malted dark chocolate found inside. Each morsel of chocolate coats your mouth with smooth, uniquely simple and classic chocolate with a malted twist., The clock is ticking and there are only 2 more days (48 hours) to Christmas!! 
We're taking you to Italy today to explore the wonderful world of Caffarel and their Gianduia chocolate bar. Gianduia is a specialty of Turin, located in the Piedmont region of Italy and is traditionally chocolate blended with high quality hazelnut paste that comes from the famous hazel trees of that region. The Gianduia bar is a rich, creamy and velvety smooth milk chocolate bar blended with a deeply nutty hazelnut paste that simply melts in your mouth. Nutella wishes it tasted this good..., Can you believe it, only 3 more days to Christmas and today's treat for you while you are busy shopping and getting set for the big day, is @MichelCluizelUS dark chocolate bar embedded with refreshing crystallized mint leaves. Definitely for the holiday season because when you take a bite, you'll think you're eating snow!, Now that there are only 5 more days till Christmas, it is definitely time to get to the good stuff! Today's countdown special is the Yo Ho Ho! Rum Raisin Truffle from our Truffle case. Today's treat is an exhilarating truffle that is guaranteed to trigger your imagination with its beautiful sparkles and tantalize your taste buds with the tartness of the rum soaked raisins enrobed in a creamy milk chocolate shell. It has the perfect kick and will surely keep you cozy., Come countdown the 6 more days till Christmas with our Peppermint Truffle! This is a delicious dark chocolate ganache infused with peppermint covered in a layer of milk chocolate and white chocolate rolled in crushed peppermint. It doesn't get more Christmasy than that!, 7 days til Christmas!! Want to know your Christmas fortunes? Try Emily's Chocolate Coated Peppermint Fortune cookies for a fun holiday bite!, Only 8 more days! Make the best of this rainy Monday by enjoying today's Christmas countdown special - Harney & Sons Holiday Tea Blend. This black tea is spiced with notes of almond, cinnamon, clove and orange peel making it wonderfully aromatic. We recommend brewing it for 4 to 5 minutes for the perfect medium to strong body flavor., Today we're going to Turkey with Ulker Golden's Milk Chocolate with Pistachios Bar. The nut-to-chocolate ratio is absolutely phenomenal as this bar is loaded with fresh pistachios that seem to just melt away with the creamy milk chocolate that delicately blankets them. The pistachios are definitely the star of this bar, so be sure to come grab one for yourself!, Only 9 days left till Christmas, can you believe it?? Instead of sipping your eggnog from a mug, enjoy the Holiday countdown with this Egg Noggin truffle from our Truffle Bar. This is a rich and creamy white chocolate ganache heart infused with eggnog and a dash of fresh nutmeg., 10 DAYS TILL CHRISTMAS! Get in the spirit with this Limited Edition Peppermint Candy Cane Bar by Vosges! It is an invigorating blend of fresh peppermint flavor in dark chocolate, sprinkled with crushed peppermint candies to give it an extra refreshing flavor. Perfect for an after dinner mint or even as dessert!, These chocolate penguin lollipops are bundled warm for the Boston holiday season! Santa joins them as they continue our countdown with their chocolate goodness!, This Kinder Cottage is as adorable as it is delicious! Our Christmas countdown continues with chocolate Santa and Frosty the Snowman!, Ho ho ho! Santa Clause has arrived to Gourmet Boutique, but not through the chimney! Come try these chocolate jolly treats!, Can you believe that there are only 15 more days left until Christmas? Today's countdown special is the Kinder Mini Mix! This Holiday themed Kinder package has an assortment of all of Kinder's best: the bueno, schokolade, country and schoko-bons! These are perfect stocking stuffers, so make sure to come pick some up today!, We just got one of Chuao's newest bars, and you've definitely got to come in and try it! The Ravishing Rocky Road is a merriment of textures and flavor with crunchy, salted and caramelized almonds mixed with chunks of fluffy marshmallow that cover this unbelievably creamy and smooth milk chocolate bar. This might just be heaven in a bar..., 16 days til Christmas! For today's countdown, we have Vosges' delicious Gingerbread Toffee bar. Jam packed with Christmas flavors, it is a sweet butter toffee spiced up with a touch of ginger, cinnamon, and nutmeg covered in a melt-in-your-mouth dark chocolate., 17 more days left - Nothing says Christmas quite like peppermint candies! Make sure to snag this B.T. McElrath Limited Holiday Edition Peppermint Crunch Chocolate Bar - a  delicious 70% dark chocolate bar sprinkled with crushed peppermint candies., Only 18 days left until Christmas! You can find today's little treat in our chocolate case. If Christmas could wrapped up into one little chocolate, it would be this white chocolate bon bon with a cinamon sugar snickerdoodle ganache. Come treat yourself to a little early christmas present!, Today's Christmas Countdown continues - 19 days left till Christmas! Today's countdown special is the White Christmas Tea by Harney & Sons. This is an exquisite white tea blended with almond, vanilla and cardamom flavors, accented by white chamomiles. Cozy up to a fire and enjoy this warm and nutty blend of tea., Nothing like keeping warm on the countdown toward Christmas with these spice-rich teas! The familiar flavors of apple, cinnamon, and holiday spices come through to bring smiles and warmth to your kitchen., 21 more days to Christmas and today's chocolate surprise for you all is the Kinder Scholkolade Minis designed specially for this season. 

Inside the Santa Claus and the Christmas cottage house, you will discover an assortment of tiny, creamy Kinder milk chocolates. Which one will you choose?, 22 more days to Christmas and today's special is Reber's Winter Dreams with Christmas spices chocolate bar!

The Winter Dreams chocolate bar is exquisitely filled with a smooth and creamy hazelnut praline that is perfectly blended with warm Christmas spices and pieces of cinnamon biscuits all enrobed in a delicious milk chocolate. It is a warm, luscious and aromatic bar that is perfect for keeping you toasty on those cold winter days leading up to Christmas!, 23 more days to Christmas and today’s special is Niederegger’s  seasonal bar – the Marzipan Weihnachtsschokolade, a  spiced Marzipan chocolate bar.

Founded in 1806, by Johann Georg Niederegger, in Lubeck, Germany, this brand is known as the “marzipan of world renown.” Niederegger creates more than 300 fabulous varieties of marzipan and its secret to success is using the finest almonds and mixing them with the right proportion of sugar.

This Christmas special- milk chocolate bar consists of a spiced marzipan filling and a hint of alcohol. The marzipan paste has a soft texture and is mixed with famous winter spices such as cinnamon and star anise. These flavors brilliantly blend with each other and enhance the taste of the marzipan.
Once you take a bite, the chocolate will just melt in your mouth as you relish the subtle mixture of the spices, sweetness, milk and almonds till the very end., Christmas countdown begins today and we would like to share with you, delicious seasonal favorites available at our store. It's one special treat everyday all the way till Christmas day.

24 more days to go and today's special is Milka's Weihnachts-Schokolade. 
A taste of Christmas awaits in this bar of milk chocolate blended with nutmeg, hazelnut, almond, cinnamon, figs, cloves, ginger and orange peel., Just another 25 days until Christmas. 'Tis the season to be jolly..and of course choco-laty!, It has been so exciting at Gourmet Boutique today! This beautiful couple, Gerardo and Alexa got engaged in our store this afternoon! We wish them a lifetime of joy and happiness together, filled with lots and lots of chocolate too, of course!, We all know those classic spicy aromas of the season: cinnamon, peppermint, and of course, nutmeg. Check out this article, complete with a delicious recipe, all about this warm spice used in everything from pumpkin pie to hot chocolate!, Gourmet Boutique is now on Pinterest! We want you to see what you love to eat. So if you are on Pinterest and love pinning photos of delicious chocolates, food and fun recipes, follow Gourmet Boutique! Click on the link to see our exciting pin-boards. http://pinterest.com/gourmetboutique/, The perfect tea & chocolate blenders at The Tea Room have done it again with the Raspberry Rooibos bar. This fragrant bar will please your entire palate with its fruity yet herbal flavor, enhanced with the bite from the dark chocolate. This bar is smoothly blended for well-rounded taste with every bite!, We wish you a very happy Thanksgiving! Here's a Martha Stewart recipe to try this holiday season. Yummy!! 

http://www.marthastewart.com/868885/pumpkin-mousse-cheesecake, Inspired by the land of the Midnight Sun is the LingonBerry Parfait by Karl Fazer's Nordic Gourmet in Finland.
This high quality milk chocolate is filled with famous lingonberry, (sister of raspberry) grown in the Eastern European countries. 
A layer of lingonberry and cream  is sandwiched between the chocolate, providing you with the same taste as eating an actual parfait!  Just one piece of this chocolate will make your day as sweet as ever., These beautifully designed, cute little Maple Brown Butter chocolates are this season's favorite. Rich maple syrup mixed with nutty brown butter and wrapped in a white chocolate shell is the treasure you will discover as you bite into this delicious chocolat., Feel like munching on something to satisfy that sweet tooth?
Try the Lemon Shortbread Cookie by Babycakes and Confections. Founded by a mommy of three who loves to bake, all of her melt-in-your mouth from cookies,cupcakes to pies and brownies are filled with abundant love.

The Lemon Shortbread Cookie is for all the citrus lovers out there. Smooth and crumbly all at once, this buttery cookie is has the right blend of tart lemon and sweet orange and is glazed with thick icing made of orange and lemon zest. This brings out the perfect lemony flavor which will not make your face twitch to tangy-ness!

Have it during the day, with coffee or tea or as a quick dessert., Saxon Chocolate's Crisp bar is a creamy Belgian milk chocolate bar topped with dark chocolate coated crispy cereal. It is an amazing merriment of textures that begins with the smooth and luscious milk chocolate that coats your mouth and follows with the spiky crunch of the dark chocolate pearls. It is an exquisitely gourmet experience that would make the perfect gift with its beautiful packaging and definitely leave you lingering for more., This rain is perfect weather to curl up with a good book, like Chocolat by Joanne Harris, and a hot cup of tea or hot chocolate :) Stay warm!, Cadbury is an all time favorite whether you are young or old.

Try this quick and easy recipe for chocolate-raspberry crumble using Cadbury's Dairy Milk chocolate bar. Enjoy the delicious, warm pudding that will just melt in your mouth. A perfect treat on this cold and windy day!

http://recipes.cadbury.co.uk/recipes/puddings/Pages/Chocolate-and-Raspberry-Crumble.aspx#, As Mozart mastered the piano, so too has the company Reber mastered an elaborate combination in chocolate. The Mozart Piano Bar,  by Reber has a delightful crisp layer followed by a parade of nougat and marzipan. The warmth of the hazelnut nougat expands the flavorful mix of dark and milk chocolate in this bar, and the combination of almond and pistachio marzipan emphasizes both the almonds’ sweetness and the pistachios’ unique nutty flavor. The Mozart Piano Bar is a quick way to get your fill of something both elegant and unusual., It's the festive season and nothing indicates celebration better than chocolate and fancy liquor. 
In the 18th century, Anthon Berg, a green grocer from Denmark, tried his hand in making high-quality chocolate which soon became a famous delicacy among Copenhagers. His trademark is his liqueur collection - elegant miniature dark chocolate bottles filled with some of the world's most famous spirit brands such as: Rémy Martin®, Cointreau® and Grand Marnier®. The alcohol syrup enhances the richness of the dark chocolate and leaves behind a delightful flavor after every bite. 
The chocolate bottles are individually wrapped in foil to represent the brand of liquor they contain. Give them as gifts or share them with friends after dinner., Did you know, tea is the most consumed beverage in the world! 
Here is something for tea and chocolate lovers -try The Tea Room's Green Earl Grey dark chocolate bar. Made with 60% cacao and infused with organic tea that has been blended with fragrant Bergamot oil, this bar of chocolate will surely lighten up your day!, null, Chocolate covered heaven! Marich carries everything from chocolate covered berries to expresso beans! Don't forget their gummy zoo animals!, Happy Halloween everyone!
If you're going to be indoors, snuggle up and keep warm with a cup of rich hot chocolate from Marie Belle, New York - the ideal cocoa drink for this season. 
Treat your palates and savor every sip to either white hot chocolate combined with aromatic vanilla or dark hot chocolate made with 72% single origin South American cacao., Nothing like some delicious, buttery, melt-in-your-mouth cookies to get into the holiday spirit! This selection of German sweet treats is great with coffee or tea, or to have as dessert after a holiday meal., To everyone residing in areas in Hurricane Sandy's path: We hope you stay warm and dry in the wake of this storm.
-Stay safe!, It's Halloween Weekend and with just three more days left for the "Spooky Day," get set to go trick-or-treatin' with these            choco-li-cious goodies from our store., null, Nothing says "cute" and "delicious" like this box of chocolate lady bugs!! Too adorable for words! A great gift or party favor!, B.T. McElrath is the culmination of a beautiful love story between a chef de cuisine and server who met at a country inn on the Mississippi River. Their Salty Dog Chocolate Bar is a 70% dark chocolate bar with bits of butter toffee pieces and sea salt perfectly blended in. For a more mellow experience, eat it salt-side up, and you're immediately invited into the allure of the rich, dark chocolate with subtle undertones of the crunchy, crispy toffee and sea salt. For a bigger bang, eat it salt-side down and feel how the sharp pop of salt ushers in notes of chocolate and buttery caramel. So, what will your chocolate indulgence experience be: mild or bold? Or both?, Elegant. Creamy. Delicious. These little bonbons are sure to be a hit. Scrumptious ganache filling in a flawlessly decorated white chocolate casing. These "Tiffany's" boxes are surely little chocolate jewels., Halloween is approaching, and these individually wrapped treats from Kinder, Milka, and Cadbury will make even the spookiest trick-or-treater smile!, Adorable marzipan piggies all way from Germany! Cute, delectable, a great treat... What's not to love? :), A bag that speaks the truth:
"Chocolate Doesn't Ask Silly Questions... Chocolate Understands.", Are you ready for Christmas? Because we sure are! If you want to count down the days with us, perhaps a Milka Advent Calendar will help!, We've received a new chocolate from the land of IKEA and ABBA. Marabou's Cookies and Cream Sensation is a creamy Swedish milk chocolate. The exterior chocolate is soft and melts quickly in the mouth. A bite releases a liquid chocolate syrup within the bar, and a warm cookie dough filling. The melding of flavor and texture is a unique joy, given structure by sugary bits of chocolate cookie blended within., The third Saturday of October is  known as The Sweetest Day, so share some sweets with those loved ones and friends who have been "sweet" to you!
Happy Sweetest Day from the Gourmet Boutique Family :), Make sure to come and check out our Chocolate Happy Hour tonight from 5:30-7pm! We will be sharing samples of a few of our favorite chocolates, so bring your sweet tooth!, Need some inspiration to keep doing good in this world? 

This quote may help you: 
"Help to save Earth, its the only planet with chocolate!"- Anonymous, Whether you're in the dorm with a sweet & salty craving, or about to crowd around a laptop to watch a movie with your floormates, chocolate covered potato chips from Neuchatel are a creamy and crunchy treat., The latest arrival from Reber is a milk chocolate bar with yogurt and
lime. This bar delivers a burst of flavor that is both instant and
surprising. The lime is incredibly vivid, but subdued by the thick
creamy yogurt, creating a taste, not unlike key-lime pie. It has a
mild kick without being tart or bitter, to blend  with the milk
chocolate that rapidly overcomes the initial lime filling. At the
finish, the bar leaves a clean citrus memory, made all the sweeter by
creamy milk chocolate., Tyra Banks shopping for chocolate at Gourmet Boutique!, Mariebelle's croquette au chocolat dark

In this delicious dark chocolate bar, Mariebelle adds the flakey European cookie, the croquette, to create as many textures as possible. As the smooth dark chocolate melts away on your tongue, you are left with the crunchy and buttery crisp of the croquette that lightens up the bold flavors still lingering. This bar pairs spectacularly with a nice hot cup of tea or coffee to warm you up with the cold weather vast approaching., Mariebelle's croquette au chocolat dark

In this delicious dark chocolate bar, Mariebelle adds the flakey European cookie, the croquette, to create as many textures as possible. As the smooth dark chocolate melts away on your tongue, you are left with the crunchy and buttery crisp of the croquette that lightens up the bold flavors still lingering. This bar pairs spectacularly with a nice hot cup of tea or coffee to warm you up with the cold weather vast approaching., Christopher Elbow No 17: Macadamia Hawaiian Red Sea Salt Bar
This chocolatier prides himself on using only 100% Venezuelan cacao beans in his artisanal chocolate.  The Macadamia Bar is creamy and melts slowly in your mouth. The 63% dark chocolate leaves a strong chocolaty taste, which is counteracted by the salty crunch of the Macadamia nuts. When you least expect it, the strong Hawaiian Red Sea Salt mingles into the flavor, a mix of textures and tastes that plays with your palate. Christopher Elbow’s flavors are never lost in his chocolate; they are skillfully layered, adding something new to each chocolate experience. The bars come in a variety of flavors, each a new adventure for your mouth and your soul to enjoy., Looking for a good read on a rainy Friday night? Take this suggestion from Marie: http://bit.ly/QxrOrU, Have you tried tropical Carica fruit? It's like summertime in a jar..., Our latest blog post might leave you thirsty: http://bit.ly/VA2e6b, Aren't we all attempted to go to this show?
http://www.thedailymeal.com/new-york-chocolate-show-returns, "All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt." - Charles M. Schulz, Smooth milk chocolate with crunch feuillentine flakes on top make for a chocolate bar that's simple yet delicious. This bar is made by Neuhaus, the Belgian brand that stands out as one of the world's top quality chocolate brands. The chocolate is rich and creamy, and the flakes add a subtle crunchy texture. Square silver packaging makes this bar unique treat to grab to satisfy your chocolate fix., Yesterday's answer: Neuhaus Créateur chocolatier since 1857. Happy White Chocolate Day!, Can you guess what famous brand of chocolate this is?, Just a snapshot of what we have to offer in our always freshly restocked selection, A game for chocolate lovers: http://bit.ly/QoOx9d, Oh la la! Have you heard the news? Maxim's de Paris is back at the Boutique. Stop by for some chocolat Francaise aujourd'hui!, Have you tried a Calisson? Candied orange and melon flavored marzipan topped with white sugary icing makes a sweet midnight snack. Buy individual or in boxes., Life is like a box of chocolates, meant to be shared of course! For every 6 chocolate truffles you buy, the 7th is on us., "Smooth" by Santana ft. Rob Thomas - click to watch: http://bit.ly/Kbr7Q - would be the soundtrack to Poco Dolce's Peanut Butter Bar - it's just that smooth. Hand-made in San Francisco, this bittersweet chocolate melded with pure peanut butter is a true dessert delight for the peanut butter fan. Just a hint of sea salt makes this fudge-like bar complete. For more well blended melt-in-your-mouth chocolate by Poco Dolce, be sure to try Mayan Spice and Sea Salt Olive Oil., happy healthy chocolate news makes us here at GB smile: http://abcnews.go.com/blogs/health/2012/08/29/chocolate-may-help-men-dodge-strokes-too/, Pick a night this to watch this great chocolate film - and don't forget to stock up on some chocolate to enjoy with it!, Chocolate is really for everybody - check out our latest post:, You might be asking, woolloo–what? By the end of this paragraph you’ll get the hang of it. Vosges’ Woollomooloo is named for the land of kangaroos and Vegemite: Australia. The word stems from the Aboriginal word for kangaroo, and today, Woolloomooloo is harbor-side town outside of Sydney. Although it may look like your ordinary milk chocolate bar, the Woolloomooloo Bar has bits of shredded Indonesian coconut and salted macadamia nuts embedded into a deep milk chocolate. Also, hemp seeds add a subtle crunch, making this bar more than it more than just your average joey. A true delight inspired by the land down under., "There's nothing better than a good friend, except a good friend with chocolate." - Linda Grayson, Ever wonder about the history of the Mars Bar? http://bit.ly/QjM5QJ, Currently, Gourmet Boutique is the only seller of Al Nassma Chocolate LLC in the U.S. Read what Mack has to say about it here: http://bit.ly/Q1keCQ, This exotic Hawaiian treat by Madre Chocolates comes from the magical island of O'ahu. A concoction of rich coconut milk, Hawaiian cacao, and organic ingredients makes for an ultra smooth and silky chocolate. Bits of crispy caramelized ginger sprinkled within are left for you to nibble on once the chocolate melts. Let your mind escape to an island getaway with this unique bar., Can you guess what famous chocolate bar this is?, null, Clever cartoon from the New Yorker:, null, Unfold the golden wrapping of Al Nassma’s Macadamia Orange Camel Milk Chocolate bar, and a strong citrus scent immediately fills the air. Just one bite is bursting with orange flavor, complemented with chopped macadamia nuts embedded in a smooth, rich milk chocolate. Let the desert flavors take you in. Camel milk, a Bedouin delight, is known for its high levels of nutrients such as iron, and Vitamin C. This exotic chocolate bar is a true delicacy, and comes in several varieties, including Whole Milk, Date, and Arabian Spice, Stop by this Saturday and bite into a Strawberry Fields Forever Heart - we're sure you'll fall in love!, Before 1847, chocolate bars didn't exist. Read about it here in our new post: http://bit.ly/MSmdvy, These cherries are happy it's Friday - and we are too. Happy Friday everyone!, We scored 15/20. Here's a hint - not Europe. Click here to take the quiz: http://bit.ly/n9Mbgy, Feeling reminiscent? Check out our latest Tasting Room post: http://bit.ly/No9GeO, Al Nassma Camel Milk Chocolate imported from Dubai is now in stock at Gourmet Boutique., http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/08/18/chocolate-benefits_n_1803450.html?ncid=edlinkusaolp00000003, It’s chocolate thyme, we really mean it! NewTree, a health-conscious Belgian chocolate brand makes a variety of savory chocolate bars, including this one: Dark Chocolate Thyme. Bite into this bar with a crunch, and taste the immediate thyme flavor. It’s guaranteed, every time. A combination of quinoa crisps and flax seeds gives this bar double the fiber than most bars. Not only does NewTree Thyme make us think about the possibilities of chocolate flavors, it also makes us think of cooking. This bar surely provides a new kind of taste for your palate., Blood Orange Caramel Hearts, No, we don't sell this tea but we thought you'd might like to read about it: http://bit.ly/SMCn9F, Huffington Post - on the benefits of dark chocolate: http://huff.to/QYhGrY, Chocolate World Records - have you set one yet? http://bit.ly/PkoaQA, What kind of chocolate do people eat in Czech Republic??
At Tesco, Czeck Republic :), At Tesco, Czeck Republic, Spice up your life! Read all about spicy chocolate in our new post: http://bit.ly/R0u9LD, Have you ever smelled  Octavia Tea? Here at GB, we consider it a must., Check out our new Tasting Room post featuring some sweet and summery chocolate bars, from brands like Wild Ophelia and Askinosie Chocolate: http://bit.ly/RaeThs, This is a bar to give to someone you love. If you know someone who adores strawberries dipped in dark chocolate, Double Premium Confection’s “Just Strawberry” bar is a great variant,  it tastes just like it sounds. Big beautiful red strawberries adorn the creamy rich handcrafted dark chocolate. They add a tangy flavor and chewiness to the otherwise smooth chocolate that melts away with every bite., "Nine out of ten people like chocolate. The tenth person always lies." - John Q. Tullius, The sign speaks for itself..., Pink Peppercorn - think you'd be a fan? Our taster Mack tells it like it is in today's post: http://gourmetboutique.wordpress.com/2012/08/10/in-defense-of-the-pink-peppercorn/, Stay in the loop, and know what's good. For all our product reviews, check out our new page on our blog: http://bit.ly/PI3ONj, Mints by Oral Fixation. Flavors include: Mojito Mint, Peppermint Mocha, Fabulous Fruit, Mimosa Mint, Night Light, Spare Mint, Classic Peppermint, and 7 Deadly Cinnamon. Which would you like to try?, Restocking the Dark Chocolate Sea Salt Ganaches..., Chocolate: You Can't Survive Without It. Read why and learn a bit about chocolate history in our latest post:http://bit.ly/QiVN2d, We are half way through the week!
Some chocolates will definitely help you have another great half week :), Have you seen our Odds and Ends Trunk? You never know what you might find., Powdery and dusky, chalky and dark. That's what Madecasse's Exotic Pepper dark chocolate bar, a product of Madegascar, looks and feels like. An immediate punch of pungent peppery taste combined with bitter dark chocolate - 70% cacao - makes for an intriguing bar, that, in effect, won't melt but must be chewed. Stay away if you're a sweet tooth, but if you're looking for a unique bar with a savory tang, by all means, indulge., Sardines, or sardines? Which do you prefer? :-), Did you know GB has a blog? 

Come visit the "Gourmet Boutique Tasting Room" at: http://gourmetboutique.wordpress.com/, Are you a Super Star Taster? Check out our latest blog post for a great try-at-home experiment to find out: http://wp.me/p28j1e-1K, Just a snapshot of what we have to offer in our always freshly restocked selection, Check out our newly restocked truffle case, and feel free to ask for recommendations! Also, click for a preview of whats in stock: http://on.fb.me/PmFxw4,  Planning a picnic? Why not! Pack along some of our favorite summer snacks as a special treat on your next summer picnic or walk in the park. , "Chocolate is nature's way of making up for Mondays" - Anonymous, Snack on some of your British favorites by Cadbury in celebration of the Olympic Games!, Producer: Askinosie
Country: USA
Notes: This week we bit into Askinosie’s White Chocolate + Pistachio bar, a chocolate so cleanly presented and visually appealing that it was almost too pretty to break. Square blocks spell out ‘chocolate’, letter-by-letter, and are coated with lightly salted, chopped pistachios. Creamy but light white chocolate c’s and ‘l’s are not overly sugary, and are carefully complemented by the pistachio nut. This is bar in which everything melts minus the pistachios, which we are left to chew on, leaving a clean aftertaste in our mouths and a great impression on our taste buds., Olympic Sale: Choose from a variety of our brands from all over the world, including Cadbury, Milka, Vosges, Chuao, Dolfin, Prestat, and many, many more! Buy 4 bars and the 5th is free., Don't miss our sale - the Olympics end tomorrow- buy any 4 chocolate bars and get the 5th free!, New at our store: Pocket Espresso-to-Go by Ferrero, imported straight from Italy. Little packets of dark chocolate espresso, mini-straw included. Great for a Monday afternoon pick-me-up!, “Make a list of important things to do today. At the top of your list, put 'eat chocolate.' Now, you'll get at least one thing done today." - Gina Hayes, Producer: Dolfin
Country: Belgium
Tasting notes: Sultry, smooth, and delectable are words to describe the Hot Masala Milk Chocolate Bar by Dolfin, a Belgian chocolate company that masters the art of blending. Unfolding the envelope-like packaging reveals a soft, unassuming bar of milk chocolate – until you put it in your mouth. The presence of heat is immediate, but not overwhelming. No sharp kick of spice found here; rather, a sparkling touch of hot masala evenly infused in a rich concoction of creamy milk chocolate, underscored with a warm and aromatic fusion of cinnamon, clove, vanilla, and ginger spices. One piece left us craving more., Some of our favorite hot and spicy chocolate bar picks for July - it sure is fun to spice things up! , Some like it hot! Over 900 years ago, the Aztecs were the first to combine hot chile pepper spices with chocolate - taste the sweet with the heat in Chuao's Spicy Maya, Vosges Red Fire Bar, or the Chipotle Butter Toffee bar by Moderne., Bissinger’s Coconut Caramel & Red Hawaiian Sea Salt Milk Chocolate Bar 
This chocolate originates from St. Louis, Missouri made from ingredients sourced from Rainforest Alliance Certified Farms. At first sight, smooth milk chocolate with just a sprinkle of toasted coconut reveals an oozing salty caramel with the first bite. The explosion of flavors transport your taste buds to a tropical paradise. Silky milk chocolate pouches with just the right amount of sweetness break into a gooey and salty caramel mixture that melts away, leaving you to savor crunchy shavings of toasted coconut. This socially responsible, Rainforest Alliance certified bar is gluten free. We may suggest enjoying this bar with a refreshing mint and lime iced tea ;)
 
*Rainforest Alliance is NGO works on sustainability issues linked to markets. Their work largely affects farm families, the community, the environment and wildlife. Learn more at http://www.rainforest-alliance.org/, In celebration of Bastille day, GB will be having 20% off purchases of $25 or more on all "Made in France" products. Choose from delightful selection of chocolates, cookies, teas, coffees and even Foie Gras all imported from France. Also don't be shy to share any photos or traditions your friends or family have on Bastille day with us! GB cherishes all celebrations as we celebrate all gourmets around the world!, Bastille Day
July 14th is French national holiday called Bastille day. Bastille day celebrates beginning of the French Revolution which resulted in the change to a new form of government in France from absolute monarchy., Chuao Firecracker Bar
We will be reviewing Chuao's Firecracker Bar in honor of the recent July 4th festivities. Chuao Chocolatier got its start in San Diego, California. Two Venezuelan brother, Michael and Richard Antonor created this chocolate with the idea of pairing the wonderful Cacao de Chuao from their homeland of Venezuela with delicious yet unexpected ingredients.

Sound: When breaking this bar, you hear a clean snap and a little bit of a pop, foreshadowing what’s to come. 

Smell: Taking a whiff of this bar gives you the pleasant aroma of dark chocolate with a hint of the chipotle pepper encapsulated inside. 

Touch: When first putting a piece in your mouth, the chocolate melts slightly, coating your tongue in a deep dark chocolate. With more and more of the chocolate melting, you start to feel slight popping against the roof of your mouth. This popping eventually grows, sounding (a feeling) like a miniature version of July 4th Festivities.

Taste: This bar has a subtle heat that grows as the chocolate melts. At first, you focus on the popping of the candy within the chocolate. But as that fades, the chipotle hits you hard and lingers on your tongue for quite awhile. Eventually the heat subsides, leaving you with a delicious taste of deep dark chocolate without the acidic note often associated with deep dark chocolate., Happy 4th of July!
It is not too late to get chocolaty treats for your 4th of July celebration. 
We are open for 3-8pm. So do not forget to stop by Gourmet Boutique on your way to the Fireworks and grab some sweets that you will be able to enjoy throughout the festivities! 
Our special, buy any 3 Chocolaty BBQ products (any chocolate products combined with smoked salt, beef jerky, bacon, firecracker, or potato chips ), and get the 4th one for free is still on!, Stop by Gourmet Boutique for all the treats you will need for your 4th of July celebration! Buy any 3 Chocolaty BBQ theme products (any chocolate products combined with smoked salt, beef jerky, bacon, firecracker, or potato chips) and get the 4th one for free! As we say at Gourmet Boutique it is not a party without lots of chocolates., Happy weekend everyone :)
Gourmet Boutique is back with Facebook!
Starting today, we will be uploading weekly product review, and having different online competitions through the Facebook page.
Also if you have any questions about our products or suggestions for our Facebook page, you can write on our page, and we will get back to you as soon as possible.
Lastly, do not forget to 'Like' our page for all upcoming news and events!
Thank you, GB, If you don't try, you will regret..., null, null, null, Gourmet Boutique is in the Boston Herald: http://www.bostonherald.com/entertainment/food_dining/food/view/20220404what_does_your_sweet_tooth_crave/srvc=home&position=also
, All of the new Vosges Haut-Chocolat flavors are in!!! wow!!!, The full Maxim's de Paris line now in stock at Gourmet Boutique!, Cadbury Milka Kinder Nestle Sale stop by this does not happen often, Gourmet Boutique is on Living Social today - get your chocolate and more... @ 50% off!!!
, Palais des Thes teas now available at Gourmet Boutique!, The full Valrhona line now available at Gourmet Boutique!, Gourmet Boutique featured on Stuff at Night Boston! (funny article), Chocolate for your Dad on Fathers day!!!, What new chocolate lines would you like to see in Gourmet Boutique?, buy 1 get 1 free sale at Gourmet Boutique going on now!, Kinder and Milka Advent Calendars have arrived!, We have Milka, Kinder and Ritter chocolate in stock!!!, Maxim's de Paris products have arrived at Gourmet Boutique!, Maxim's de Paris products have arrived at Gourmet Boutique!, You enjoyed Tcho's dark chocolate bars, now enjoy their dark chocolate covered fruits, nuts, and cacao nibs. Available now at Gourmet Boutique., We are now carrying gluten free toffee! Stop by Gourmet Boutique for a sample., Visit Gourmet Boutique for sweet summer treat! Enjoy 20-40% off some of your favorite products.)