List(Big Daddy’s getting Greener                                                                                                                                                          

During the next 3 months Big Daddy will be transitioning to an Environmentally friendly pizza box.

Our new Pizza box will be constructed from ( 95%-100%) recycled paper.- 

Environmental Savings Estimated for 2016* 
 
# of Trees / Year   Assumption: 17 Number of trees used to produce one ton of cardboard
    Savings:                                    251  Trees saved / year based on est'd prod'n
         
Acres of Trees / Year   Assumption: 200 Average number of trees planted per acre
 Savings:                                         1  Acres of trees saved / year based on est'd prod'n
 
Gallons of Water / Year   Assumption: 7,000  Gallons of water saved per ton of paper recovered 
    Savings:                            103,513  Gallons of water saved / year based on est'd prod'n
         
KWh of Energy / Year   Assumption: 4,100  KWh of energy saved per ton of paper recovered 
 Savings:                               60,629  KWh of energy saved / year based on est'd prod'n
 
Barrels of Oil / Year   Assumption: 2.0  Barrels of oil saved per ton of paper recovered 
    Savings:                                      30   Barrels of oil saved / year based on est'd prod'n 
         
Landfill Yd3 / Year   Assumption: 3.2  Cubic yards of landfill saved per ton of paper recovered 
 Savings:                                      47  Cubic yards of landfill saved / year based on est'd prod'n
 
Pounds of Reduction in Air Pollution / Yr Assumption: 587  Pounds reduction in air pollution per ton of paper recovered 
(GHG - CO2, methane, nitrous oxide) Savings:                                 8,680   lbs red'n in air pollution saved / year based on est'd prod'n 
         
 
• Numbers are generated by Green Box , assuming big daddys 2015 usage, and the difference between old and new pizza box construction
1. Because of printing issues, our complete transition will happen over the next 3 months, BUT these boxes ( with  generic printing)  are available now if requested 
2. Big Daddy already uses friendly Environmentally napkin dispensers, and catering containers made from 100% recycled plastic, Big Daddy Now offers 10 INCH Individual sized pizzas.
Our new 10-inch cheese pizza will be offered at a new low price of $7.99
Big Daddy’s will be discontinuing our 12-inch size pizza.

Now you can custom order ALL your Big Daddy’s favorites pizzas
In the new 10-inch size.

Our new 10-inch pie is quite the value vs other 10 inch pies
The same size pie at Dominoes cost $8.99 (Brighton location), 20 oz Dr Pepper Now at Big Daddy's  $1.85

 

Dr Pepper  The drink was created in the 1880s by Charles Alderton in Waco, Texas and first served around 1885.

It was introduced nationally in the United States at the 1904 Louisiana Purchase Exposition as a new kind of soda pop, made with 23 flavors. Its introduction in 1885 preceded the introduction of Coca-Cola by one year

you cannot tell anyone what Dr Pepper tastes like because it's so different. It's not an apple, it's not an orange, it's not a strawberry, it's not a root beer, it's not even a cola. It's a different kind of drink with a unique taste all its own.

It was formulated by Brooklyn-born pharmacist Charles Alderton in Morrison's Old Corner Drug Store in Waco, Texas. To test his new drink, he first offered it to store owner Wade Morrison, who also found it to his liking. Patrons at Morrison's soda fountain soon learned of Alderton's new drink and began ordering a "Waco". Alderton gave the formula to Morrison

  U.S. Census records show a young Morrison working as a pharmacy clerk in Christiansburg. supposedly living near to  a Dr Pepper and daughter Malinda or Malissa, and hence the name, BAMM ! Our Homemade Chili over Ziti w Melted Cheddar & Romano. An explosion of flavor -to match the best American Chop Suey dish I ever had
$9.75

Our Homemade Chili, The Way Grandma Would Make It If She Were From Texas. Loaded With Melted Cheddar Cheese Sauce, And Finished With Romano Cheese., Chicken Ranch and Bacon Pizzas have arrived at Big Daddy's
Our Favorite Chicken is Fried and Buffalo, But if you ask nicely you can also get either Grilled Chicken or BBQ Chicken

12" Med16" Large
 
 
Fried Chicken Ranch And Bacon Pizza
$13.45$16.85

Fried Chicken, Crisp Bacon, Scallions and mozzarella Cheese Topped With a Creamy Ranch Dressing Sauce
 
 
Buffalo Chicken Ranch And Bacon Pizza

Buffalo Chicken, Crisp Bacon, Scallions and mozzarella Cheese Topped With a Creamy Ranch Dressing Sauce, A&W Root Beer is
now at Big Daddys

In 1919, at a parade honoring returning World War I veterans in Lodi, California, Roy Allen set up a roadside drink stand to offer a new thick and creamy drink, root beer. His creation was such a success, he decided to take on a partner, Frank Wright. In 1922, Allen and Wright combined their initials to name the beverage A&W Root Beer, Red Bull has wings.  Big Daddy has Red Bull

12 oz Red Bull-- On Sale at  $2.99

until July 31st 2015, NEW Bacon Ranch Salad with Chicken $8.95
Garden Fresh Salad Topped with Crispy Oscar Mayer Bacon. Includes Fresh all White Meat " Popcorn Chicken" or Fresh Grilled Chicken. Sprinkled with Cheddar Cheese. Served with a side of Buttermilk Ranch Dressing and Pita Bread, Be Like Mike Red Gatoraid at Big Daddy's

Gatorade was formulated in 1965 by a team of scientists at the University of Florida College of Medicine, including Robert Cade, Dana Shires, Harry James Free and Alejandro de Quesada.[6] Following a request from Florida Gators football head coach Ray Graves, Gatorade was created to help athletes by acting as a replacement for body fluids lost during physical exertion, Mountain Dew NOW at Big Daddy's

In the 1930s Tennessee brothers Barney and Alley Hartman had trouble getting a mixer to mix with Wiskey, so they created Mountain Dew.

In May 2015 we brink Dew and Diet Dew to Big Daddy's

Cold 20oz Bottels

$1.75, Support Our Breakers, NEW!!! Asian Chicken Salad $8.95

NEW!!! Fresh mixed greens, sweet craisins and Mandarin oranges with crunchy slivered almonds and crispy house wonton strips all topped with our fresh and juicy, all white meat, 'popcorn' chicken (OR fresh grilled chicken breast). Served with our homemade creamy plumb, sesame-ginger dressing on the side., NEW!!! Asian Chicken Salad  $8.95

NEW!!! Fresh mixed greens, sweet craisins and Mandarin oranges with crunchy slivered almonds and crispy house wonton strips all topped with our fresh and juicy, all white meat, 'popcorn' chicken (OR fresh grilled chicken breast). Served with our homemade creamy plumb, sesame-ginger dressing on the side., NEW!!! Truffle Fries with Rosemary and Romano

Lg $6.25

NEW!!! Extra crispy french fries tossed with an amazing white truffle oil, fresh rosemary, parsley and Pecorino Romano Cheese. The Key to these flavorful fries is in the exceptional quality of our white truffle oil. And we don't skimp either. You will taste the difference!, Big Daddy's Pizza Brighton Ma  NEW!!! Coney Island Corn Dog

A delicious hot dog coated in a sweet Corn Bread batter, deep fried with a crispy crust and served on a stick! 1 $1.95 3 $5.50, Happy Passover from Big Daddy's!, CRAZY FAT BASTARD SANDWICHES

FAT BASTARD SANDWICHES HAVE ARRIVED WELCOME THEM
............................................................................................
BY POPULAR DEMAND- SO WE'RE MAKING THEM FOR YOU- BETTER THAN ANYONE ELSE !!!

........................................................................
CRAZY FAT BASTARD POPCORN CHICKEN PARM
.......................................................................

FRESH POPCORN FRIED CHICKEN COMBINED WITH HOMEMADE MOZZARELLA STICKS AND SPICY FRIES- TOPPED WITH OUR SAN MARZANO MARINARA SAUCE AND PARM CHEESE.

SERVED ON TOASTED GARLIC BREAD !

.............................................................................
CRAZY FAT BASTARD CHICKEN ALFREDO SANDWICH
.............................................................................

FRESH SAUTEED CHICKEN BREAST, TOSSED IN OUR HOMEMADE ALFREDO SAUCE AND A TOUCH OF SPICY SRIRACHA, COMBINED WITH JALAPENO POPPERS AND SPICY FRIES.

TOPPED WITH PROVOLONE CHEESE 

SERVED ON GARLIC BREAD !, As always, we're open and delivering! Thanks for your patience as we navigate the snowy streets of Boston!, Steve and Roberto plot out zip codes for the latest Big Daddy's direct mail campaign. Watch your mailbox for some awesome coupons!, NEW!!! The Popcorn Chicken Caesar Salad

$7.70

NEW!!! Our fresh 'tossed-to-order' Caesar Salad (just dive in!) now topped with lots of ONLY FRESH, skinless, all white meat, chicken breast. We hand coat these big meaty nuggets with our secret flour recipe and cook golden and juicy!, NEW!!! The Popcorn Chicken Salad

$7.70

 

 

 

 

NEW!!! Our super-fresh GARDEN SALAD now topped with lots of tender chunks of ONLY FRESH, skinless, all white meat chicken breast. We hand coat these big nuggets and cook them golden and juicy., NEW!!!! The 'Popcorn-Chicken' Sandwich
 $7.25

 NEW!!! Big, golden, juicy nuggets made from only FRESH, skinless, all-white meat chicken breast. Hand coated and cooked golden, to order. Served over lettuce and tomatoes as a submarine sandwich (can be a wrap) with your choice of Honey Mustard, Chipotle Mayo Sauce, Ranch Dressing, or simply mayonnaise. (Also available Buffalo style - please select next sandwich), NEW!!! The Buffalo 'Popcorn-Chicken' Sandwich
 $7.25

 Our FRESH, never frozen, made to order 'Popcorn-Chicken', tossed in our homemade, original buffalo NY recipe sauce and served over lettuce, tomatoes and blue cheese dressing as a submarine sandwich (can be a wrap), NEW!!! The Buffalo 'Popcorn-Chicken' Sandwich
$7.25

Our FRESH, never frozen, made to order 'Popcorn-Chicken', tossed in our homemade, original buffalo NY recipe sauce and served over lettuce, tomatoes and blue cheese dressing as a submarine sandwich (can be a wrap), NEW!!!! The 'Popcorn-Chicken' Sandwich
$7.25

NEW!!! Big, golden, juicy nuggets made from only FRESH, skinless, all-white meat chicken breast. Hand coated and cooked golden, to order. Served over lettuce and tomatoes as a submarine sandwich (can be a wrap) with your choice of Honey Mustard, Chipotle Mayo Sauce, Ranch Dressing, or simply mayonnaise. (Also available Buffalo style - please select next sandwich), Snowed in? We've got you covered. We are open and delivering. Thanks for your patience with longer delivery times (can be 45-90 minutes) and we will do our best with food temperatures! Everything depends on our drivers getting safely through the streets. Stay warm!, Big Daddy's is hiring an expeditor. Check it out and come in and apply! http://boston.craigslist.org/gbs/fbh/4288620576.html, What's your number? , Snowed in?  We've got you covered. We are open and delivering. Thanks for your patience with longer delivery times (can be 45-90 minutes) and we will do our best with food temperatures! Everything depends on our drivers getting safely through the streets. Stay warm!, Big Daddy's is open and delivering! Happy New Year to all!, Happy New Year from Big Daddy's!  We're open regular hours this week, including New Year's Eve and New Year's Day!, Just a reminder, we are closing at 10pm tonight for our staff holiday party.  Cheers!, Big Daddy's gift cards make a great last-minute gift!  We're open until 3pm tomorrow (Christmas Eve), so come and get 'em!  We'll be closed on Christmas Day at closing at 10pm on Friday for staff holiday party.  Regular hours for the rest of the year, including NYE and New Year's Day. Cheers!, Our holiday hours: Christmas Eve, open until 3pm. Closed Christmas Day.  Friday 12/27, closing at 10pm for staff holiday party.  Open regular hours for New Year's Eve and Day. Wishing a safe and happy holiday season to all of our customers!, We'll be open and delivering tonight! It's a great night to snuggle up with a pizza or our new "damn good chili!", Did your roommate eat all your Thanksgiving leftovers?  Our Patriot sandwich is made with 100% real turkey breast; juicy and delicious with homemade stuffing, cranberry sauce, and your choice of mayonnaise or our own spicy chipotle mayo sauce. Look under "Boston Sandwiches" on our menu to order., Wishing all of our customers a very Happy Thanksgiving!  We'll be closed tomorrow (Thurs) but back in action on Friday when you're ready for a shopping break., Somebody get Ridley a scarf and a hat. It's gonna be cold on his side of the bench., The DJs at 103.3 AMP RADIO had a little fun with our delivery driver Eric (one of the nicest guys we know).  Listen here: 
http://www.4shared.com/music/4DYEihQ0/Amp1033.html, Get in fighting shape for Thanksgiving with our homemade turkey dinner! Juicy (100% real) turkey breast on top of our HOMEMADE stuffing and mashed potatoes both made from scratch. Served with a side of whole berry cranberry sauce and maybe the best brown gravy you have ever had! $8.99, Chili cheese fries: Crispy french fries smothered with our melted cheddar cheese sauce and damn good chili with a sprinkle of romano & shredded cheddar on top - maybe the best you have ever had! Small: $4.75, Large: $5.75, Homemade 'damn good' chili! No skimping - very meaty and completely from scratch! Not too hot, just a little kick, no maple syrup bacon and no pineapple or anything crazy - Chili the way grandma would make it if she was from Texas. Just traditional but damn good! Medium  (11oz) $4.75; Large (16oz) $6.50, Technical issues. Online ordering is temporarily down, so please call us at 617-787-1080 to place your order or come in and see us! Thanks for your patience and support., When you stop in today, wish owner Steve a Happy Birthday! You'll never guess his real age..., Ordering via your smartphone just got SOOO much better. Check out our new mobile-enhanced website at www.bdpizza.com!, The daily bread delivery is here. We only put out subs on the best! Love Piantedosi!, Who's going to the parade?, null, null, Owner Steve is all loaded up with candy and will be in full costume tonight! Come by and check out what it is!, Loved seeing Kat (in her appropriate costume) and Geoff from Mix 104.1 picking up lunch for the radio station on us at Big Daddy's. Enjoy and Happy Halloween!, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqKHqWaTv9g, Koji time!, Too tired from all the late night baseball to cook dinner? Let Big Daddy's Pizza & Sub Shop take care of it tonight.  Then catch up on your sleep. Tomorrow is must-see TV., It's 10:30 am and we are ready with slices...for those who started work early or stayed up really late!, Why did the hipster burn his mouth on the pizza? "Like" for the punchline..., Caught our fearless leader Steve making his top-secret seasoning bags for use in marinara and pizza sauces. Only he knows the recipes!, The only delivery service in town that might beat ours..., Big Daddy's new Delivery Fees Go into effect today

Deliveries under $75.00 will be charged $4.00 ($2.00 delivery fee and $2.00 driver tip)

Dear Valued Delivery Customer:

This note is to explain the $2 delivery service fee as of Monday 10/14/13 placed on all deliveries under $75* 
 (and a $2 minimum driver gratuity fee, seen as $4 total on 
 your receipt) *currently under $15

Like most quality places today, due to the escalating costs associated with quality ingredients, staffing, and operational overhead, it has become impossible to offer free delivery (for us: on orders under $75). You should know that I would never compromise on the quality and freshness of my food or unfairly over-charge like some places do. And yet I want to be able to provide delivery service for your comfort and convenience. 

I also don’t want to raise prices to absorb the fee because that would be unfair to you and other customers when you come to pick up your food or when dining in. To be honest, the $2 service fee doesn’t even cover the total cost of keeping a delivery staff and the other costs just associated with delivery, but it helps, and 
 I can maintain the quality you have come to expect and deserve. 

In addition, in order to keep a quality driving staff, there will be 
 a $2 minimum driver gratuity attached to orders under $75. 
 (Of course you are free to tip more to reward excellent service!) 

As always, I will strive to bring you only the best in quality and freshness for a fair, everyday-affordable price. This is my mission and you deserve nothing less! Thanks for being a great customer and taking care of our drivers.     

- Steven Weinstein, owner, Big Daddy’s Pizza, Pizza lovers, Big Daddy is now open at 10:30 am for slices, 11am for everything else, message for pizza lovers,

 Big daddy's is not open at 10:30 am for pizza slices, Red Velvet Cake

NEW!!!! Moist and yummy, layered with lots of creamy, cream-cheese frosting., The Best for Less----Fillet Mignon Steak tips at Big Daddy’s

 

  

Foodler.com rates Big Daddy Steak Tips #1 in Boston”

 

  

Our steak tips are trimmed from the Chateaubriand Steak or Short Loin. Others ( including what you buy in the super market) is trimmed from the “ Chuck”

 

 

Becouse Big Daddy’s is one of the busiest Restaurants in town we can afford to offer this Great Steak, at an affordable price.

 

Compare Dinner Prices 

 

Big Daddy                   $11.95

Silvertone                    $12.00

 BrickHouse Pizza        $12.50

 Floramos Chelsea       $13.75

 NewBridge Cafe          $15.95

 

 

* Steak Tips Avalible as 

 

1. Steak Tip Dinner 

 2. Steak Tip Salad

 3. Steak Tip Sub

4. Steak Tips on the Side, Lets Go Bruins

 

Tweet or Facebook  the Correct Final Score of Tonights B's Game, Before the Game Starts and Win 2 ( Second game of series) Free , Boston Best Steak & Cheese Subs.

 

" Bs X, Hawks Y, Give me 2 Free Boston's Best Steak and Cheese Subs from Big Daddy's" 

 

1 guess per customer, Today's CheeseSteak  was originally prepared without cheese; Olivieri claims provolone cheese was first added by Joe "Cocky Joe" Lorenza, a manager at the Ridge Avenue location."[, Philadelphians Pat and Harry Olivieri are often credited with inventing the sandwich by serving chopped steak on hoagie rolls in the early 1930s.[3] They began selling this variation of steak sandwiches at their hot dog stand near south Philadelphia's Italian Market. They became so popular that Pat opened up his own restaurant which still operates today as Pat's King of Steaks, The cheesesteak was developed in the early 20th century "by combining frizzled beef, onions, and cheese in a small loaf of bread," according to a 1987 exhibition catalog published by the Library Company of Philadelphia and the Historical Society of Pennsylvania.[2], Thanks to you eating our great subs

 
Urbanspoon.com  Rates Big Daddy's #1 Steak and Cheese Sub Shop in Boston & Cambridge
 
 
 
Steak and Cheese
 
Lots of tender shaved Steak perfectly cooked up with plenty of 
 
EITHER
 
Melted Land O' Lakes 4 quart american cheese.
 
 
Or 
 
 
Kelly's style melted chedder cheese sauce. 33% MORE than our classic steak and cheese, Bruin Hockey , Champions League final, Great sports day, Free Pizza ?

 

At 2pm Soccer-Bayern meet Dortmund in all-German Champions League final

 

At 5:30pm The Boston Bruins will end the N.Y. Ranger season ( I hope) 

 

Facebook or Tweet  the score of 1 or both of these games. Correct score submitted before game will win a free pizza

 

“ Bs X, NYC Y, Give me my Free Big Daddy Pizza” 

 Guess MUST be in before game time, 1 guess per game per person.

 
Tweet @bdpizzabrighton   Facebook  Big Daddy’s Pizza & Sub, null, Great Food , Great Charity, 33% more cheese on our NEW Steak and Cheese Sub With Kellys Style Chedder Cheese Sauce   $7.34

Lots of tender steak perfectly cooked with Kelly's style melted chedder cheese sauce. 33% MORE Cheese than our classic steak and cheese sub, can't find the strength to open a jar

The weather is so nice out, you say? Please stay indoors and write more about it on 

Sarcasm should have its own font

Anytime a bird takes a crap on my car, I eat an entire plate of scrambled eggs on my porch. Just to show the birds what I'm capable of., Heck No Celtics Won't Go

While No NBA team has come back from 0  to 3, rember the 01 Red Sox

Tweet/FB the correct score of this afternoon's Celtics Game, Before Game starts and get 3 free pizzas.

"Cs X, Kicks Y, Give Me 3 Free Big Daddy's Pizzas"

1 guess per customer, Cheesy Broccolli
 
 $2.59 

Fresh Broccolli Brushed With Butter And Covered With Kellys Style famous Chedder Cheese Sauce, Girl: I have changed my mind. Boy: Thank God! Does the new one work?

You call it back talking, i call it questioning authority

Saying that you're okay is so much easier rather than explaining all the reasons why you're not.
r
I bet Chris Brown's snooze button takes a beating, Don't get mad when someone else starts to appreciate the person you took for granted.

My daily workout is getting up to close the door after my parents leave it open.

I wish I could have a happy and full of laugh life like spongebob

My parents think I'm bad, but if they saw how half my friends treat their parents, they'd appreciate me more, It's all fun and games until someone calls the cops. Then it's a brand new game . Hide and seek

It takes me like 3 days to wake up in the morning

You call it "jealousy". I call it "fear of losing you".

When someone says they have to ask you a question, you think of all the bad things, Candles will burn longer and drip less if placed in the freezer a few hours before using.

Ancient Romans used to wear socks with their sandals.

The clearest English in the United States is spoken in Colombus, Ohio

A fact of life after Monday and Tuesday even the calendar says Wtf, NFL Draft Day

 
Facebook or Tweet the top 10 Draft Picks , In the right order and win a Free Big Daddy Pizza.
 
 FacebookBig Daddy'
s Pizza & Sub Shop
Twitter @Bdpizzabrighton

1 guess per customer, Guess must be submitted BEFORE 1st name in Draft is named. 
 

Fried Dill Pickles

 
Only
 
$4.99 
Crispy Fried Seasoned Dill Pickles done right, juicy on the inside,light coated!! Served with our homemade chipotle dipping sauce.
 
 
 
Other Fried Pickles- Why pay More???
 
 
Boston Beef Works $6.95
Half Way Cafe $6.75
Fat City $6.00
Hooters $5.99
Boston Burger $5.75
 
 
And Yes we Deliver for FREE, No matter how hard you try, you can never remember how your dream started.

Ian McKellen says whenever he stays in a hotel with a bible in the room, he rips out the page from Leviticus that is against homosexuality

The Beatles had to stop touring because their music couldn’t be amplified loud enough to play over the screaming fans

Conan O’Brien was once stalked by a Catholic Priest who followed him and his family after he was denied a spot in the Late Night audience, Homemade Meatloaf Dinner

$8.99
Our Homemade Meatloaf served with mashed potatoes and gravy made completely from scratch! Great stuff like your family would make. comes with one other side
 
Not only is our Mealoaf Dinner Delicious 
 

 
But Great Value. When you can find a Meatloaf Dinner ( Not offered at many places)
It cost alot more than ours
 
Silvertone  $12

 

City slicker $11.25

 

Town Diner  Watertown $10.75, In London, most hair stylists use a bull's semen for conditioning. They say "it leaves your hair looking gorgeous & soft

In Japan, theres 1 vending machine for every 20 people. Inside these machines are: rice, porn, cell phones, pets, flowers,& toilet paper

85% of men say they like to leave the light on while having sex.

99% people backspaces their whole password when they just mess up one letter, There's "hell" in hello, "good" in goodbye, "lie" in believe, "over" in lover, "end" in friend, "ex" in "next", & "if" in life

That awesome moment when the person you miss randomly texts you.

Watch 'South Park' with close captioning on and you'll be able to read everything Kenny says.

You are more likely to be killed by a champagne cork than by a poisonous spider, Sorry, I can't hangout. My uncle's cousin's sister in law's best friend's insurance agent's roommate's pet goldfish died. It was tragic.

Currently having an “out-of-money” experience.

Well, I'm off to club Bed. Featuring DJ Pillow and Mc Blanky.

A little girl seeks revenge. A real woman moves on while karma does the dirty work., There's no "share" in Nutella

Listen, if we get caught, here's the story...

Pain is temporary, love is forever; don't make it the other way around

I saw a baby wearing a t-shirt that said, "just did 9 months in solitary confinement.", Visitors to the bill gates mansion receives a unique code that automatically adjusts lighting, music and temperature according to their mood.

A house isn't a home unless there's wifi.

You know you're amazing when people you don't even know hate you

I don't care if it's 4 A.M. I don't consider it "tomorrow" until I wake up., Found a piece of cake in the fridge with a note saying DO NOT EAT! Now there's an empty plate and a note saying DON'T TELL ME WHAT TO DO

Being Irish, he had an abiding sense of tragedy, which sustained him through temporary periods of joy. William Butler Yeats

Sometimes I look at my friends and think to myself "Where did I meet these crazy people?" Then I think "What would I do without them?"

Happy St Paty's Day We have always found the Irish a bit odd. They refuse to be English. Winston Churchill, When a man becomes rich he becomes naughty. When a woman becomes naughty she becomes rich.

Being Irish is very much a part of who I am. I take it everywhere with me. Colin Farrell

If a turtle doesnt have a shell, is it naked or homeless ?

Love is never defeated, and I could add, the history of Ireland proves it. Pope John Paul II, I'm Irish, so I'm used to odd stews. I can take it. Just throw a lot of carrots and onions in there and I'll call it dinner. Liam Neeson

I'm at my most ninja-like when I see a new checkout opening up at the supermarket.

If one could only teach the English how to talk, and the Irish how to listen, society here would be quite civilized. Oscar Wilde

Sex without love is like ice cream without sprinkles - still pretty awesome., I think of myself as being Jewish and Irish, despite the fact that I'm English. Daniel 

111,111,111 x 111,111,111 = 12345678987654321 MIND= BLOWN!

I'm Irish. I think about death all the time. Jack Nicholson

You can't be ugly and play hard to get. It just doesn't work that way. You're already hard to want." - Peter Griffin, That's what the holidays are for - for one person to tell the stories and another to dispute them. Isn't that the Irish way? Lara Boyle

I can always count on you to be totally unreliable.

Irish poets, learn your trade, sing whatever is well made, scorn the sort now growing up all out of shape from toe to top.William Yeats

You don't truly know someone until you see how they react to their bag of chips getting stuck in a vending machine, Sleep is for people without access to the Internet

It's easy, for me to do Irish because we've got Irish heritage where I come from. Brad Pitt

Two wrongs do not make a right, but three lefts do.

for British folks Irish people were all terrorists. And that's why U2 came to America. Bono, You don't just spontaneously end up this drunk at this hour. It takes several years of practice.

Irish women are always carrying their husbands home from pubs. Such things are the greatest posture-builders in the world. Peter O'Toole

Anything you can do I can do drunker.

People do think I'm Jewish. But we're Irish Catholic. My father had a brogue. Martin, People who say I'm hard to shop for don't know where to buy beer

I had that stubborn streak, the Irish in me I guess. Gregory Peck

I don't trust anyone who chooses a side salad over french fries.

Yancy is actually a Native-American name, but I'm Irish. Go figure. Yancy Butler, Homemade "Truffled" Mashed Potatos
 
"Garden at The Cellar" Style 
 
Infused With Rosemary White Truffle Oil
  
 Onl y  $3.49
 
 New Homemade Mashed Potatoes Infused With Rosemary Truffle Oil
  
Prosciutto and Mushroom Pizza with Truffle Oil
 
 
NEW!!! and Super flavorfulul - A cullinary white pizza topped with thin sliced Prosciutto, fresh Mushrooms and finished with our delicious White Truffle oil, Investing in stocks would be nice, but all my money is tied up in food & shelter right now & when I can I like to dabble in car insurance

I'm just a loud Irish guy. Bill O'Reilly

I don't like that tone of voice you're texting me in

If this humor be the safety of our race, then it is due largely to the infusion into the American people of the Irish brain. William Taft, Sobhuza II, the king of Swaziland, who ruled for over 82 years had 70 wives, 210 children, and more than a 1000 grandchildren

Eminem’s mother sued him for $10M because he made offensive remarks about her in songs but she only received $1600.

From the moment I saw you, I knew I was gonna spend the rest of my life avoiding you., Mc 10:35" is a secret McDonald's item, served exactly at 10:35am. It's an Egg McMuffin combined with a McDouble

Narcissism originated from a Greek man named "Narcissus" who was cursed by gods to fall in love with his own reflection for breaking hearts

Money can't buy life" were the final words said by Bob Marley to his son Ziggy on his death bed

There is a kind of mouse in Mexico who howls at the moon just like wolves., Koolickle is a pickle made from cucumber after soaking it in Kool-Aid.

One out of every three babies born in 2012 will reach the age of 100.
In Malaysia the ad of Toyota Altis featuring Brad Pitt was banned because the good looks of the actor made the public feel inferior

You can reduce the pain from a headache by rubbing a cut lime on your forehead., A study showed that observing anger through sarcasm improves analytical thinking and makes a person more creative

World's shortest horror story consists of only two sentences. "The last man on Earth sat alone in a room. There was a knock on the door."

Crows are able to remember the faces of people who harassed and abused them -- They invite other crows to join them to take revenge.

The vibration of a cat's purr can speed up the healing process of wounds and fractured bones, Prosciutto and Mushroom Pizza with Truffle Oil
 
 
NEW!!! and Super flavorfulul - A cullinary white pizza topped with thin sliced Prosciutto, fresh Mushrooms and finished with our delicious White Truffle oil., Fried Dill Pickles  Only   $4.99
 

Crispy Fried Seasoned Dill Pickles done right, juicy on the inside,light coated!! Served with our homemade chipotle dipping sauce.
  
Other Fried Pickles- Why pay More???, the practice of send out while smoke to announce new pope was started by ancient cardnels Cheech and Chong

The first mascot of Mountain Dew was Willy the Hillbilly with the slogan, "It'll tickle yore innards!"

Halley's Comet last appeared in 1986. It will next appear in mid-2061.

The color red can make your heart beat faster, 92% of songs that make it onto the Top 100 are about sex.

You can request a copy of the records the FBI has on you.

Hong Kong has more Rolls Royces per person than anywhere else in the world.

Cats can survive falls from 20 stories high that would kill any other animal., Elvis Presley appeared in 33 motion pictures in his lifetime.

Kissing is good for your teeth.

Esodophobia is the fear of losing your virginity.

According to the Dunning-Kruger effect, the less you know, the more you think you know., Miley Cyrus, and Liam Hemsworth have broken up he cited, irreconcilable haircuts

Facebook makes you depressed, because it leads you to believe that your friends are happier than they really are

When the Pope was announced you knew he was from s. american becouse it was said " We have a Pooooooooooooooooooope

America's high school graduation rate currently ranks 19th in the world. 40 years ago, the U.S. ranked 1st, A 24-year-old Chinese man recited pi to over 67,000 digits.

In north caroline a truck overturned spilling pizza on the high way, 1st responders where heard to have said its not a disaster its digiorno

The price of gas in Venezuela is only 18 cents per gallon.

All of Pixar's 13 films have opened at No. 1 at the box office., Failed PEZ flavors include coffee, licorice, eucalyptus, menthol, and flower.

The human brain can store about 100 terabytes of information.

A sapiosexual is a person who is sexually attracted to intelligence in others.

Shopping improves your self-esteem and opens your mind to other choices and points of view., Biblical tv shows #9 Gomorrah Five 0
\

Biblical tv shows #10 Leviticus and Shirley

Mickey Mouse almost committed suicide in the 1930's because Minni Mouse considered leaving him for another mouse.

The most commonly used online password is "password," followed by "123456.", Biblical TV shows # 4 Parks and resurrection

Biblical TV shows #5 I Dream of Jesus

Biblical TV shows #6 Monk

Biblical TV shows #7Abstinence and the city, Pope frances was runner up to Pope Benidict , which means there is still hope for mitt romney

You will need to drink 12,646 gallons of water in your lifetime to stay alive.
Expand Collapse 

You produce enough saliva every day to fill a wine bottle.

At least 16 million women in China are married to gay men, It takes 450 to 700 years for a plastic bottle to start decomposing in a landfill. Recycle!

Tiger shark embroyos fight each other in their mother's womb. The survivor is born.

It is possible to see a rainbow as a complete circle from an airplane.

The Bible has been translated into Klingon, the alien language used in Star Trek, Coca-Cola would be green if colouring were not added to it.

Singer Mariah Carey was nicknamed "Mirage" in high school because she never showed up for class

The first slave owners in America were African-American.

12% of the work force has sex at work,,Or the reason why there is never any one avalible, The left side of your face is your "good side."

Some teachers have their students play the "Heads Up, Seven Up" game so they can figure out who the cheaters are.

You can survive solely off drinking beer. It contains all 13 essential nutrients of life.

Keeping eggs inside the fridge isn't necessary, they're just as fine in room temperature., The most expensive pizza in the world is the "Louis XIII" from Italy - it's topped with lobster and caviar and costs $12,000.

The hottest temperature ever recorded in the world was 136 degrees F (58 °C) in Libya in 

An average American lives 13 years longer than the average celebrity.

You can donate blood to your future self., Homosexual behavior has been found in over 1,500 species. Homophobia is found in only one.

Each year, nearly 600,000 college students are unintentionally injured while under the influence of alcohol.

You will throw up 31 gallons of vomit in your lifetime. That's enough to fill 280 sick bags

Actor James Caviezel was struck by lightning while portraying Jesus in "The Passion of the Christ.", The Eagle has landed .. Boston  College Sandwich

$7.99 

Big Daddys Homemade Chunky Chicken Salad With Bacon,  Lettuce And Tomato, WD-40 stands for "water displacement - 40th attempt."

not over you? I have take more time getting over speed bumps

Three U.S. presidents - John Adams, Thomas Jefferson, and James Monroe - all died on the 4th of July.

One in 50 women and one in 100 men have extra nipples., American Founding Father, Thomas Jefferson invented Chicken and Waffles.

shark tank is the number 1 show , watched by familys together

According to research about two percent of females possess super vision and they can see 99 million more colors than a normal human, Photic Sneeze Reflex or "Sun Sneezing" is a condition affecting a quarter of the population and makes them sneeze after looking into light

Scientifically, blue-eyed people are mutants, the mutation occurred between 6,000 and 10,000 years ago.
More

A new research suggests that Genghis Khan, by killing 40 million people effectively reduced 700 million tons of carbon from the atmosphere

The "smell of fear" is real, all humans give off a detectable scent when they are sufficiently scared, Hollywood stars actually sniff powdered vitamin B when you see them sniffing cocaine in the movies.

Twyndyllyngs" is the longest English word without the use of any vowel, it means "twins".

A new york state judge overturned nyc's ban on super sized drinks, based on a expert doctor...Dr Pepper :)

The weight of a simple white puffy cloud is around 200,000 lbs and a hurricane cloud can weigh even more than 100,000,000 lbs., I'm having a hard time getting over the relationship that we were never in.

I need you. I want you. I love you.... Food

There is a Vibrator that connects with your iPod and vibrates accordingly to the rhythm and beat of a song

google sneakers tell you to move if they have not moved in a while, falling that they will kick you in the a...s, iPhone covers are like condoms; you don't want to, but you kind of have to.

Roses are red, Violets are blue. Garbage is dumped, now so are you ;)

Roses are red,violets are blue. We're breaking up beacause i never loved you.

My mom likes to play this game called "yell from four rooms away and get upset when I can’t hear her, 31% of women claimed to have dined at three or fewer quick-service restaurants in a six-month span, while 41% of men claimed the same.

scientist have figured out how to get rats to stop having sex, force them to get married

On a daily basis, the Americans spend approximately $1.7 billion at one of the country's 970,000 restaurants. or $1752 a restaurant

restarunt spending 2008 - $2,6982009 - $2,619 (a 2.9% decrease)2010 - $2,505 (a 4.4% decrease), last month,63% fast food, 50% casual chain. 18%local fine dining ,9% fine dining chain.13% haven't dined out at all

rejected pope names #1 francis ford poppolrejected pope names #2 sponge pope big hat

102 chain restaurants. (110,517 meals)19 chains received high marks for taste,1 in 4 were deemed too noisy1 in 10 service bad, The new pope says he is against preist getting married , but will run a pilot programs with dating :)

If school has taught us anything, it's texting without looking.

I wish I could go back to the day I met you... and walk the hell away.

Consumer reports serves too much food: Maggiano's Little Italy, The Cheesecake Factory, Black Bear Diner, Buca di Beppo, Claim Jumper, There is a hidden alien in every episode of South Park.

Dimples are caused by an abnormally SHORT facial muscle!

While sleeping the human sense of smell is switched off by the brain.

A dolphin was seen in the east river in nyc, when asked why, coast gurard said he was trying to escape a carnevl cruise, the filling in twinkies is the same substance that they use to embalm the body of hugo chavez

Iran offers "temporary marriages" that can last for as little as a few minutes.

A polar bear's skin is black. Its fur is not white, but actually clear.

Jingle Bells was originally a song for Thanksgiving, According to Guinness World Records, Madonna is the world's most successful female recording artist of all time

The average supermarket in the U.S. wastes about 3,000 pounds of food each year

There is no evidence that vikings had horns on their helmets

One million billion billion billion billion billion billion: the number of new drugs that could still be made, 44% of men tailgate to speed up the driver in front of them.

The U.S. has the highest dog population in the world.

About 10% of women have never experienced an orgasm.

More people die by suicide at the Golden Gate Bridge than at any other site in the world - about once every two weeks, Didaskaleinophobia is actually the fear of going to school

Dolphins have been witnessed masturbating.

About 40% - 42% of people fantasize about being watched by others while having sex, If the Universe reaches its Critical Velocity and begins to contract, then time will actually reverse.

People tend to view others who are openly embarrassed as nicer people.

Before being used on people, breast implants were tested on dogs

Worrying about math triggers the same response in the brain as physical pain, J.K. Rowling was the first person to ever become a billionaire from writing books.

Lights” by Ellie Goulding was inspired by her fear of the dark as a child.

There’s a bridge in Paris made entirely of trampolines!

Bumble bees do a warm-up exercise before they take off., Thanks to school, I now know how to deconstruct and reconstruct any pen.

Dora, stop asking 6 year olds for help and get a GPS already

I must be getting old, I was watching porn the other day and I thought to myself, WOW thats a pretty nice bed.

hate texting with my frozen fingers when it's cold outside., Yes, I've made mistakes. Life doesn't come with instructions

There's only one of me. So therefore I'm an endangered species

Pausing in the middle of a sentence, to let everyone know that what you said just rhymed.

Obviously, the person who came up with the phrase "The freaks come out at night" has probably never been to Walmart during the day, Facebook - Where people go from SINGLE to IN A RELATIONSHIP to MARRIED to IT'S COMPLICATED then SINGLE in one day

When I like someone, I compare their last name with my first name incase we ever get married.

If you don’t come home and immediately either take off your pants or change into pajamas then I’m sorry but you’re living life wrong.

Dear Girls, please bring your own jacket, we get cold too. Sincerely, all Boyfriends, I wouldn't say you're stupid.. I mean you are, but I wouldn't say it.

You're almost as irrelevant as the t in the word tsunami.

Dear fridge, I'll be back in 35 minutes, please go shopping. Sincerely, hungry

Admit it, none of us know how to play Minesweeper. We just click randoms boxes, I wouldn't say you're stupid.. I mean you are, but I wouldn't say it.

You're almost as irrelevant as the t in the word tsunami.

Dear fridge, I'll be back in 35 minutes, please go shopping. Sincerely, hungry

Admit it, none of us know how to play Minesweeper. We just click randoms boxes, I always unfollow people that post song lyrics, because they remind me of somebody that I used to know

Dear girls that go tanning, it's called 'sunkissed', not 'dorito raped'.

Opinions are like orgasms, as long as I get mine, I couldn't give a hoot if you have one.

Dear Teachers, I wasn't sleeping. I was praying. Sincerely, A very spiritual student., Awkwardly putting a dish in the sink while a person is washing the dishes. And staring at you like "REALLY?"

Some women are terribly hard to please, ... . . . . . the rest are Impossible

The awkward moment when the dictionary's definition is even more confusing than the word

When I'm waiting in line for my food I tend to rehearse my order in my head
Expand Collapse, March 14th is Pi Day and it is also Einstein's birthday.

The final words spoken by Apple founder Steve Jobs were "Oh wow. Oh wow. Oh wow.", as revealed by his sister.

Why do pretty faces happen to bad people?

Dear Santa, You watch them sleep too? Glad to know I'm not the only one. Sincerely, Edward Cullen, cases in the last 300 years have been reported of spontaneous human combustion, when a person bursts into flame for no apparent reason.

Organized cheerleading was originally an all-male activity which began in 1898, while women only started participating since the year 1923!

In 2010, a group of Maths students at MIT figured out how to win entire jackpot in a single drawing -- They won $8 million in state Lottery

The Nazi leader, Hitler, from 1942 until his death in 1945, was addicted to crystal meth.
Expand Collapse, Every year, about 86,000 people are injured by tripping over their pets

Bugs Bunny was the second cartoon character to receive a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Mickey Mouse was the first.

Falling icicles kill about 100 people every year in Russia.

Jack Daniels ran away from home at the age of 6 and learned to make whiskey from a Lutheran minister, 1 in 3 people say they would rather give up sex than give up their smartphone.

Stuffing bacon up your nose is actually an effective way to treat a nosebleed!

Chewing gum can actually raise your metabolic rate by about 20%.

People with ADD/ADHD tend to have a better sense of smell due to increased odor sensitivity., The world’s oldest person lived to be 122-years-old. Her diet was olive oil, port wine, and 1 Kg of chocolate a week.

A woman from South Korea failed her driving test 771 times.=sponge barbara

Utah is the state with the highest number of porn subscriptions and downloads

There is a National Air Sex Championship where people are judged on their ability to, http://Dishtip.com rates Big Daddy's Fresh Fried Dough Bites. # 1 in Boston & 

USA.Better than 98% of any dish, at any price, in Bos
.Dishtip.com has rated Big Daddy's Popcorn Chicken. Number 1 in Boston and in America http://www.dishtip.com/food/search?what=popcorn+chicken+&where=Boston%2C+MA&_f=form&forceRestaurantId= … …


.Dishtip.com has rated Big Daddy's Chick Parm Sub. Number 1 in Boston and in America http://www.dishtip.com/food/search?what=chicken+parm+sub&where=Boston%2C+MA&_f=form&forceRestaurantId= … …



Most mammals, except humans, have a bone in their penis which helps them stay erect., 41% of French people admit to engaging in group sex. Ooh la la! Seems very fitting for the country that's home to the City of Love!

Austria & New Zealand are the 2 busiest countries ! Austria's men ave 29.3 sexual partners in Life T, New Zealand women ave 20.4 partners

average age of virginity loss is 19.25. Western cultures lose it earlier than average (18) and earlier than Asian cultures, average is 22.

USA get it on more than anyone in the world-ave 132 times a year! Russia is #2, an ave of 122 times a year(Jap,Malaysia,& China the least), Penguins go limp and play dead when attacked by seals to avoid being eaten

The odds of a coin flip are not 50-50, but actually 51-49. It will most likely land facing the same direction as it started

Germany was found to have the worst lovers in the world.They're too smelly!The same poll found that Spain has the best lovers in the world.

In 06, 250 men and 250 women gathered @ a werehouse and proceeded to have sex,every move was choreographed and filmed. There's is a DVD, Zain Javadd "Zayn" Malik ("the quiet and mysterious one") born in England on 1, 12, 1993, to a British Pakistani father & an English mother

1 Direction started when they all entered UK X Factor individually & failed judge Scherzinger suggested they form boy band to continue on

Chronophobia is the fear of time moving forward

Charlie Sheen was expelled from high school due to poor attendance and bad grades, Liam James Payne ("the sensible one") : Liam took boxing lessons after being bullied in school

Harry Edward Styles ("the charming one") you can thank him for the band name One Direction.

Niall James Horan (The cute little Irish one) After attacked by a pigeon while on the toilet as a child, Niall developed a fear of birds.

Playing video games can sharpen a person’s decision making abilities by 25% as well as improve focus and boost creativity, You are 13% more likely to die after getting a paycheck.

Laughter increases the activity of antibodies by about 20%, helping to destroy viruses and tumor cells.

Younger men usually have a higher alcohol tolerance than younger women, but this reverses with age.

The “Google Effect” is a cognitive bias - You are more likely to forget information that can easily be found using a search engine, Chimps are given human birth control pills in zoos.

Most people do not smile until about 11:16 on Monday morning, If the world population consumed as much as the average American, we would need the resources of 5 Earths to survive.

Rovio says Angry Birds has been downloaded 1.7 billion times; cartoons coming March 

“Gaylord” is another term that can be used for a large shipping box.

Elephants are actually terrified of bees and mice., The online dating industry generates $4 billion per year

Due to Earth's gravity, it's impossible for mountains to be higher than 49,000 feet (15,000 meters).

Infantilism is the desire to wear diapers and be treated like a toddler for sexual pleasure

The oldest person in the world is actually 127 years old., Although difficult, it's possible to start a fire by rapidly rubbing together two Cool Ranch Doritos

The cuckoo bird doesn't make its own nest. Instead, it lays its eggs in other bird's nests and leaves them to care for it

Evolutionary biologists say that all humans will eventually look like Brazilians.

On average, there are 86 unmarried men for every 100 unmarried woman, 25% of all Twitter accounts have n Finding Nemo" is the bestselling DVD of all time..

Humans, chimps and dolphins are the only species that have sex for pleasure.

29% of Americans have had sex on the first date

1. Starbucks has the most Facebook "likes," Twitter followers and Google+ followers of any restaurant., MCCheese Katsu in Japan, this sandwich is fried pork, stuffed with cheese, with cabbage 

McRice Burger In Singapore, they don't use buns. It's the same juicy beef or chicken, just 

The hardest working muscles in the human body are in the eyes

One quarter of the human brain is used to control the eyes., Kiwi Sundae In Malaysia, they finish off their meal with this green delight

Green Tea McFlurry South Korea offers Green Tea McFlurries for dessert.

Poutine Would you like fries with that? In Canada they like their fries with cheese curds and gravy

McTurco This one is unique to Turkey. Pita bread, burger patties, cayenne pepper sauce,, Why is Monday so far from Friday and Friday so close to Monday?

It's ridiculous how so much of your future depends on how successful you are as a teenager

me: *does nothing all day* me: "i'm so tired"

I hate it when you offer someone a sincere compliment on their moustache then, suddenly, she's not your friend anymore, How come when your wife is pregnant all her female friends rub her tummy & say congratulations but no one rubs your balls and says good job

Summer 2013. Hurry up

I'm not fat .......... my stomach is just 3D.

I'm not stupid. I'm just too lazy to show how smart I am.
Expand Collapse, Sexually rubbing the wall until you find the light switch

Skinny= anorexic, thick= obese, virgin= too good, non-virgin= slut, friendly= fake, quiet=rude. You can never please society.

Why do some couples make their status "single" every time they fight. I don't put "orphan" when I get into fights with my parents

I like how the Ninja Turtles wear masks. Good way to hide your identity. Its not like you're a giant turtle or anything, My bed gets mysteriously more comfortable in the morning... anybody else?

Admit it..... You've Googled yourself

Periods are ridiculous. Girls shouldn't be punished for not being pregnant

If someone texts "K", just reply with "L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z"., Friendly reminder that Adele and Taylor Swift are the same age

I'm TIRED. (T)icked off. (I)rritated. (R)eady to cry. (E)xtremely upset. (D)one

Blanket on, too hot. Blanket off, too cold. One leg out, perfect. Till the demon of Paranormal Activity grabs it and drags you down the hall

Me: "I think I'm dying!" Mom: "I don't care, you're still going to school!", You never know what you have until..... You clean your room

When I hear myself eating crunchy food, I wonder if people can hear it too.
 

Mom: *Gets into car* Me: *Violently shakes door handle to remind mom to unlock the car*

Everything happens for a reason, the hard part is finding out what that reason is., You never know what you have until..... You clean your room

When I hear myself eating crunchy food, I wonder if people can hear it too.
 

Mom: *Gets into car* Me: *Violently shakes door handle to remind mom to unlock the car*

Everything happens for a reason, the hard part is finding out what that reason is., We all have that gay friend, that doesn't know they are gay yet

Mom: Go tell your brother/sister it's time to eat. You: *Walks two inches and yells up the stairs* MOM SAYS IT'S TIME TO EAT!!!

I'm not saying you're fat, but your shirt size has more x's than Taylor Swift
Expand Collapse 

Yeah. I'm WEIRD. (W)onderful, (E)xciting, (I)nteresting, (R)eal, (D)ifferent, A "smart ass" is someone who can sit on an ice cream cone and tell you what flavor it is.
Expand Collapse 

My other three stove burners are becoming jealous of the front-right burner

Awkward moment: When you're in an elevator with a fat chick and she catches you staring at the Weight Limit sign

If you don't curse when you drive, you aren't paying enough attention to the road, I love it when a girl starts pulling your shirt up when you are kissing.

Why don't we take this relationship to the next level and you loan me some money?

One Direction: The reason why we should've killed Justin Bieber before he could lay 

Women can be so confusing. One minute they're making you breakfast and the next, eating your soul, Right now I'm having amnesia and deja vu at the same time - I think I've forgotten this 

Yeah, just hit me up on Google Plus." - Nobody

"But they dared me to do it" is always a valid excuse.

dotn dirnk and tWeeett, GymPact” is an app that pays you for working out and penalizes you for missing days

Psychological fact: People will automatically assume that you're mad at them when you're quiet

Babies will instinctively dance when they hear music, and smile more when they are on time with the beat.

Cows really do have best friends and become anxious when they are separated, http://Dishtip.com has rated Big Daddy's Popcorn Chicken. Number 1 in Boston and in America 

http://www.dishtip.com/food/search?what=popcorn+chicken+&where=Boston%2C+MA&_f=form&forceRestaurantId= …, http://Dishtip.com rates Big Daddy's 

Fresh Fried Dough Bites. # 1 in Boston & USA.

Better than 98% of any dishes, at any price, in Boston, Gravy Fries have arrived at Big Daddy’s please make them feel at home

Our Home Made Gravy Served on our delicious French Fries

$4.45 small
$5.25 large, Friendly reminder that Adele and Taylor Swift are the same age

I'm TIRED. (T)icked off. (I)rritated. (R)eady to cry. (E)xtremely upset. (D)one

Blanket on, too hot. Blanket off, too cold. One leg out, perfect. Till the demon of Paranormal Activity grabs it and drags you down the hall

Me: "I think I'm dying!" Mom: "I don't care, you're still going to school!", NEW!!!! Cheesey Fries

 NEW!!!! French Fries With Kelly's 'Style' Melted Cheddar Cheese Sauce, you can even add Oscar Mayer bacon on top!, Why did the priests leave the church of cheese?   Because there was a stinking bishop

Commetn  if you love Cheese Fries, What is a cannibal's favourite cheese? Limburger

Comment  if you love Cheese Fries, Hope you feel feta soon, chill for a while and take in the bries.

Comment  if you love Cheese Fries, Comment if you love Cheese Fries What is a lions favourite cheese? Roar-quefort, Comment if you love Cheese Fries. Which genre of music appeals to most cheeses? R'n'Brie, Comment if you love Cheese Fries  what does a cheese say on someone's birthday?... 'Have Edam good day!', Comment if you love Cheese Fries  What did the cheese say to the other cheese after the 1 cheese told him a joke? Thats a gouda one!, Cheese Jokes sponsored by New Cheesy Fries, Comment if you love Cheese

What is Lance Armstrong’s favourite cheese?

 

 Double Gloucesteroid, Cheese Jokes sponsored by New Cheesy Fries

Why do Findus use lots of cheese on their Lasagnes?

 

 To Mascarpone, CHEESY FRIES have arrived at Big Daddy's

 CHEESY FRIES Kelly’s style Seasoned French fries w melted Cheddar cheese sauce, You never know what you have until..... You clean your room

When I hear myself eating crunchy food, I wonder if people can hear it too.
Expand Collapse 

Mom: *Gets into car* Me: *Violently shakes door handle to remind mom to unlock the car*

Everything happens for a reason, the hard part is finding out what that reason is., We all have that gay friend, that doesn't know they are gay yet

Mom: Go tell your brother/sister it's time to eat. You: *Walks two inches and yells up the stairs* MOM SAYS IT'S TIME TO EAT!!!

I'm not saying you're fat, but your shirt size has more x's than Taylor Swift

Yeah. I'm WEIRD. (W)onderful, (E)xciting, (I)nteresting, (R)eal, (D)ifferent, On playing cards, the only king without a mustache is the king of hearts.

McHotdog A breakfast sausage from Japan, with your choice of toppings.

An ear of corn always has an even number of rows.

Dolphins have been witnessed torturing porpoises to death for pure fun., When the past calls you, don't answer. It has nothing new to say.

why periods? why can't mother nature just text me and be like "waddup girl. you ain't pregnant. have a great week. talk to you next month

Yes, I’ve made mistakes. But you know what? Life didn’t come with instructions

Is everything expensive or am i just poor, Why is Monday so far from Friday and Friday so close to Monday?

It's ridiculous how so much of your future depends on how successful you are as a teenager

me: *does nothing all day* me: "i'm so tired"

I hate it when you offer someone a sincere compliment on their moustache then, suddenly, she's not your friend anymore, How come when your wife is pregnant all her female friends rub her tummy & say congratulations but no one rubs your balls and says good job

Summer 2013. Hurry up

I'm not fat .......... my stomach is just 3D.

I'm not stupid. I'm just too lazy to show how smart I am, Sexually rubbing the wall until you find the light switch

Skinny= anorexic, thick= obese, virgin= too good, non-virgin= slut, friendly= fake, quiet=rude. You can never please society.

Why do some couples make their status "single" every time they fight. I don't put "orphan" when I get into fights with my parents

I like how the Ninja Turtles wear masks. Good way to hide your identity. Its not like you're a giant turtle or anything...
Expand Collapse, Admit it..... You've Googled yourself
Periods are ridiculous. Girls shouldn't be punished for not being pregnant

If someone texts "K", just reply with "L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z".

Sexually rubbing the wall until you find the light switch, Friendly reminder that Adele and Taylor Swift are the same age

Blanket on, too hot. Blanket off, too cold. One leg out, perfect. Till the demon of Paranormal Activity grabs it and drags you down the hall

Me: "I think I'm dying!" Mom: "I don't care, you're still going to school!"

My bed gets mysteriously more comfortable in the morning... anybody else?, You never know what you have until..... You clean your room

When I hear myself eating crunchy food, I wonder if people can hear it too.

Mom: *Gets into car* Me: *Violently shakes door handle to remind mom to unlock the car*

Everything happens for a reason, the hard part is finding out what that reason is., We all have that gay friend, that doesn't know they are gay yet

Mom: Go tell your brother/sister it's time to eat. You: *Walks two inches and yells up the stairs* MOM SAYS IT'S TIME TO EAT!!!

I'm not saying you're fat, but your shirt size has more x's than Taylor Swift

Yeah. I'm WEIRD. (W)onderful, (E)xciting, (I)nteresting, (R)eal, (D)ifferent, When the past calls you, don't answer. It has nothing new to say.

why periods? why can't mother nature just text me and be like "waddup girl. you ain't pregnant. have a great week. talk to you next month

Yes, I’ve made mistakes. But you know what? Life didn’t come with instructions

Is everything expensive or am i just poor, The famous Disney World Cinderella castle is modeled after the Neuschwanstein castle in the German mountains

Walt Disney calculated that trashcans needed to be no more than 30 feet apart to minimize littering in his parks!

Roses are violets. Red is blue. I like donuts. Donuts are good

There's "hell" in hello, "good" in goodbye, "lie" in believe, "over" in lover, "end" in friend, "ex" in "next", & "if" in life., Whitney Houston was the number 1 search on google in 2012

Andrew Jackson, the face on the $20 bill, though paper money was inherently evil!

James Minder CEO Smith & Wesson resign in 2004, when it was revealed he had spent 15 years in prison for armed robbery & attempted escape

A class of 8 – 10 year olds got their paper on bee behavior published in a scientific journal!, Genghis Khan murdered so many people that Iran’s population didn’t recover from it until the 20th century!

Canada has 56% of the entire world’s coastlines!

Firebombing of Tokyo was more destructive than the awful Hiroshima or Nagasaki atomic bombings

The risks of birth defects are the same for babies of first cousins and any woman over 40, If you wake up in the middle of the night, keep one eye closed so you can still see when you turn the light back off.

John Adams is said to have drank hard cider for breakfast every day to the day he died

Gears of War is the 5th best-selling Xbox 360 game of all time!

Brazil prisoners ride Stationary bikes to generate electrcty Iinmates get 1 day reduced from their sentence for every 16 hours of pedaling, On weekends after Harry Potter books were released, kid emergency room visits were reduced by almost half

6, 3,1957, the 1st recipe for "German's Chocolate Cake" appeared in the Dallas Morning News. It got its name from Sam German's Chocolate

Incubator babies were once an attraction at Coney Island!

The first college t-shirt was from University of Michigan, 1 out of 10 students drop out of school because they are bullied. Bullying is Wrong.

Wyoming was the first state to allow women to vote, Fish that live more than 800 meters below the ocean surface don't have eyes

Canada has over 3 million lakes, more than every other country in the world combined.

Sharks used to follow slave ships from Africa so they could eat the dead that fell off.

Sixth sich sheik's sixth sheep's sick" is the world's hardest tongue twister, according to Guinness World Records., On average, 100 people choke to death on ballpoint pens every year.

1 in 50 people claim to have had sex in an airplane

Most people will usually kiss on the second date as opposed to the first

There is a company that will turn your cremated ashes into a diamond which can be used by your loved ones, Big Daddy online ordering is disabled , till 2 pm, call us up and order pizza and cold sandwiches, Big Daddy is open but only serving pizzas and cold sandwiches untill further notice, we will make an other announcement when all is normal, Big daddy's is having tech difficulties , And for the minuet are only serving hot pizzas and cold sandwiches. we will make an other announcement  when all is normal, You can treat facial blemishes by washing your face daily with cool potato juice

Chocolate can increase your sex drive by 60%

Mount Waiʻaleʻale in Kauaʻi, Hawaii is the wettest place on earth.

The names of all the continents end with the same letter that they start with., Maintaining good posture can burn up to 350 calories each day.

Every 8 out of 10 people online has a Google account.

The warmest temperature ever recorded on Antarctica was 3 degrees Fahrenheit.

Eminem is the most popular person on Facebook with over 60 million "likes, I hate when people say “you’ve barely touched your food” like what do you want me to do stroke it

Apples happened to be Steve Jobs' favorite fruit.

Japanese researchers have built a mind gun that can stop people from speaking mid-sentence

Listening to music helps reduce the amount of time you think you're waiting, When girls call their boyfriends “daddy” I just want to vomit

I prefer not to think before I speak. I like being just as surprised as everyone else by what comes out of my mouth.

Stop complaining about being single. We have bigger problems here. Like why McDonald’s doesn’t serve breakfast after 10:30.

I want to go on a shopping trip where i am the only one in the shopping mall and everything i want is free, Chimps are given human birth control pills in zoos.

Most people do not smile until about 11:16 on Monday morning

I believe in equality. If we have five days of school, then we should have five day weekends as well.

I'm in a committed relationship with my bed, If the world population consumed as much as the average American, we would need the resources of 5 Earths to survive.

Rovio says Angry Birds has been downloaded 1.7 billion times; cartoons coming March 16th-17th

“Gaylord” is another term that can be used for a large shipping box.

Elephants are actually terrified of bees and mice., The online dating industry generates $4 billion per year

Due to Earth's gravity, it's impossible for mountains to be higher than 49,000 feet (15,000 meters).

Infantilism is the desire to wear diapers and be treated like a toddler for sexual pleasure

The oldest person in the world is actually 127 years old., Although difficult, it's possible to start a fire by rapidly rubbing together two Cool Ranch Doritos

The cuckoo bird doesn't make its own nest. Instead, it lays its eggs in other bird's nests and leaves them to care for it

Evolutionary biologists say that all humans will eventually look like Brazilians.
Expand Collapse 

On average, there are 86 unmarried men for every 100 unmarried woman, There's actually inhalable cupcakes that have 0 calories, which makes you inhale the flavors instead of eating them, Jack in the Box sells approximately 315,360,000 tacos every year.or 143k per store, or 400 tacos a day for each store

The most common bird on the planet is the chicken.

Humans lose an average of 40 to 100 strands of hair a day.

The average man has 9 sexual partners in his lifetime, while the average woman has 4.
Expand Collapse, 7 out of 10 houses in the U.S. are painted white.

Approximately 48% of online daters reported that their breakups occurred via email.

The MGM Grand in Las Vegas is the largest hotel in the U.S

Orgasms reduce risk of breast cancer by 20%., The term "nerd" originated from Dr. Seus's 1950s book, "If I Ran a Zoo

Astronauts can't burp - there's no gravity to separate liquid from gas in their stomachs

Kiwiburger A favorite in New Zealand, this burger is topped with beetrot, egg, tomato, lettuce, cheese, onion, and mustard

McAloo Tikki Burger A veggie burger from India made with potatoes, peas, and spices, advanced kiss-blowing maneuvers:

• The Train Whistle
• The Heart-Shaped Puff
• The Over-the-Shoulder Bolder Smolder
• The Taste the Rainbow (Skittles trickle out)
• The Take Back JK Here You Go Don’t Cry
• The Silent but Deadly but Romantic
• The Indecent Proposal (blows wedding ring directly onto finger), Only 6% of the autographs in circulation from members of the Beatles are estimated to be real

In English comic strips, the person on the left always speaks first.

Maine is the only state whose name is just one syllable.

The average male will shave at least 20,000 times in his lifetime, The typical lead pencil can draw a line that is 35 miles long.

Studies have found that watching reruns of your favorite TV show can help restore your self-control and willpower.

Studies show that sexual arousal allows you to accept things you would otherwise find disgusting.

Bakersfield, California has the worst cell phone reception of any city in the U.S, 3 out of 4 Americans store their dollar bills in rigid order with singles leading up to higher denominations.

Ivory bar soap floated by mistake, but customers loved it, so they have floated ever since.

Both Adolf Hitler and Osama Bin Laden were announced dead on May 1

The longest eyebrow hair ever recorded was 3 1/2 inches (8.8 cm) long, Dogs and cats, like humans, are either right or left handed

Egypt's Great Pyramid weighs an estimated 6,648,000 tons.

The box jellyfish kills more people than any other marine creature.

Coconut water can be used (in emergencies) as a substitute for blood plasma., The Shell Oil Company began as a novelty shop in London that sold sea shells.

Most U.S. automobile horns honk in the "F" key

47% of people have a nightmare at least once a month.

30% of smartphone owners have never downloaded an app., The first Internet domain name ever registered was http://symbolics.com on March 15, 1985.


It takes about 63,000 trees to make the newsprint for the average Sunday edition of The New York Times.


Children who are breastfed tend to have an IQ seven points higher than children who are not.



80% of 10-year-olds in the U.S. have been on a diet., There are 240 dots in Pac-Man

When it first appeared in 1886, Coca Cola was advertised as an "Esteemed Brain Tonic and Intellectual Beverage."

12 million people in the world today were born with tails.

The song "Happy Birthday to You" generates approximately $2 million dollars in licensing revenue each year, Fewer people have died at the age of 10 than at any other age

Cherophobia is the fear of fun.

The total number of steps in the Eiffel Tower is 1,665.

The most expensive bra is the Red Hot Fantasy Bra that is made by Victoria's Secret. It is worth $15 million., Snoop Dogg recorded voice turn-by-turn directions for GPS navigation systems

80% of adolescents reported bullying incidents during their school years.

A new poll shows that 62% of Americans support same-sex unions.

The sole purpose of a drone bee is to mate with the queen bee., On playing cards, the only king without a mustache is the king of hearts.

McHotdog A breakfast sausage from Japan, with your choice of toppings.

An ear of corn always has an even number of rows.

Dolphins have been witnessed torturing porpoises to death for pure fun., A fetus develops fingerprints at 18 weeks.

The average person's left hand does 56% of the typing.

The shoestring was invented in England in 1790. Prior to this time, all shoes were fastened with buckles

A honey bee visits 50 to 100 flowers during a collection trip., A Gorilla named Koko was taught sign language, lied to trainers by blaming the pet kitten after tearing down a metal sink out of the wall.

Tupac Shakur's album "Me Against the World" was #1 on the Billboard charts making him the first artist to accomplish this while in prison.

There are only 3 under 30 billionaires in the world and two of them made their fortune from Facebook.

The Original names suggested for the Character of "Hannah Montana" were Anna Cabana, Samantha York, and Alexis Texas, High school students in Korea study as mush as 16 hours a day, six days a week.

MDR" is a French version of "LOL", a short form of "mort de rire", which means "dying with laughter".

Young male dogs intentionally let female pups win during puppy play.
Expand Collapse 

A company called Browning is selling knives specially designed to combat a zombie apocalypse., When we married she treated me like a god. As time went by, the letters got reversed.

Facebook should invent a relationship status that says "Only when I'm drunk

It's not fair that people get smoke breaks at work but I don't get a vodka break. Addiction is addiction,

In a 1930s Mickey Mouse comic, Minnie cheated on Mickey with another mouse -- Mickey tried to kill himself by jumping off a bridge, I'm really very timid - I was beaten up by Quakers." - Woody Allen

Nothing is ever so bad that I can't make it a little worse.

There's no I in team, but there are two in schizophrenia.

The wife and I sat in a hot car and bickered for six hours. It was the same as going on vacation execpt we saved $1,000.
Expand Collapse, One-third of Americans believe UFOs are real.

You are legally entitled to $500 every time a telemarketer calls you after you tell them to 
Touching money can reduce physical and emotional pain.

Straight marriage, gay marriage, whatever. Just stop showing me pictures of your kids and we're cool.

If you wake up feeling funny, you should call in shtick., Watching an hour-long soap opera burns more calories than watching a three- hour baseball game.

About 10 to 20% of people can wiggle their ears.

The modern bikini was invented by two Frenchmen

Mormons believe that the Garden of Eden was located in Jackson County, Missouri, The youngest pope was 11 years old.

40% of all people who come to a party in your home snoop in your medicine cabinet.

54% of people don't know how to swim.

For $45, the U.S. Bureau of Engraving and Printing will sell you a 5-pound bag with $10,000 worth of shredded U.S. currency., Go Harvard Basketball, Win 2 Free Pizzas

No. 14 Harvard will be the lowest seed on the floor at the NCAA Tournament Today

 

Can Harvard go further than the 4th round ( Princeton did in 1965)

 

Tommy Amaker has coached Harvard Basketball further than Tom “Satch” Sanders,KC Jones and Tom Thibodeau ever did.

 

 

Point Spread: Arizona -9.5 Over/Under 132 (March 23rd 2013)

 

Just Cheer and Guess ( Tweet/Facebook us) the right score , Before game time, and win 2 Free Pizzas " Crimson X Cats Y, Give me 2 Free Big Daddy's Pizzas", Male octopi die after ejaculating, while female octopi die after giving birth.

Everyone’s brain starts out as female - About 8 weeks after conception, the brains of males become masculinized by testosterone.

The World Population is expected to reach 9 billion by the year 2050.

On average, undergraduate students who major in economics have more sex partners than those studying any other subject, Frigging" was originally Middle English slang for masturbation.

Metathesiophobia" is the fear of change.

Putting sugar on a wound or cut will greatly reduce pain and speed up the healing process

All of Pixar’s staff had to take a graduate class in Fish Biology before making the movie “Finding Nemo, Mosquitoes prefer biting people who are drunk.

George Washington had taphephobia and was afraid of being buried alive.

Bill Gates has enough money to send every single 18-year-old person in the country, to a 
The average woman will spend nearly one year of her life trying to decide what to wear

Homosexual behavior has been witnessed in over 1,500 species - Homophobia has only been found in one, James Harrison spotted on sofa making illegal hits on quart of Chunky Monkey while watching Steel Magnolias

Bubba Watson buys Tiger Wood's former Orlando home. Was a steal except for the drywall divots and blood spatter traces.

Since 1958 Sweetwater Tx rattlenake roundup gets 5,000 lbs of rattlesnakes and is watched by 30,000 & brings in $5 million to Sweetwater.

Disney Teachs About Relationships Love Looks Beyond Social Status Aladdin & Jasmine, & Lady & the Tramp, love will find a way, Dwight Howard wins Tour de France of backpedaling

Anquan Boldin rejects pay cut, prepared to make Joe Flacco richest intentional grounder in NFL history.

More than 100,000 killed in the derailment of the Blackhawks bandwagon last night

Steelers release James Harrison knowing they could sign Manti Te'o with Monopoly, Dark side of the Moon was 1st called Eclipse. Because Medicine Head had already used the name, M Head's album failed and Pink Floyd got title

Happy 40th anniversary of "dark side of the moon".The designer went to Egypt to shoot infra-red photo of the pyramids for inside poster.

Happy 40th anniversary of "dark side of the moon". The band members spent three months deciding on the front cover

Rory McElroy struggles and posts a 73, likely due to gingivitis., Dark side of the Moon was 1st called Eclipse. Because Medicine Head had already used the name, M Head's album failed and Pink Floyd got title

Happy 40th anniversary of "dark side of the moon".The designer went to Egypt to shoot infra-red photo of the pyramids for inside poster.

Happy 40th anniversary of "dark side of the moon". The band members spent three months deciding on the front cover

Rory McElroy struggles and posts a 73, likely due to gingivitis., A company called Browning is selling knives specially designed to combat a zombie apocalypse.

A Gorilla named Koko was taught sign language, lied to trainers by blaming the pet 

Tupac Shakur's album "Me Against the World" was #1 on the Billboard charts making him the first artist to accomplish this while in prison.

There are only 3 under 30 billionaires in the world and two of them made their fortune from Facebook., In a 1930s Mickey Mouse comic, Minnie cheated on Mickey with another mouse -- Mickey tried to kill himself by jumping off a bridge

High school students in Korea study as mush as 16 hours a day, six days a week.

MDR" is a French version of "LOL", a short form of "mort de rire", which means "dying with laughter".

Young male dogs intentionally let female pups win during puppy play.
Expand Collapse, The wife and I sat in a hot car and bickered for six hours. It was the same as going on vacation execpt we saved $1,000.

When we married she treated me like a god. As time went by, the letters got reversed.

Facebook should invent a relationship status that says "Only when I'm drunk

It's not fair that people get smoke breaks at work but I don't get a vodka break. Addiction, If you wake up feeling funny, you should call in shtick.

"I'm really very timid - I was beaten up by Quakers." - Woody Allen

Nothing is ever so bad that I can't make it a little worse.

There's no I in team, but there are two in schizophrenia., Urban Spoon Rates Big Daddy’s #1 Pizza Delivery in Boston

 

# 1 Big Daddy's Pizza & Sub Shop91% *

# 2 Galleria Umberto North End 90%

#3 Santarpio's Pizza East Boston 89%

#4 Coppa South End 89%

#5 Antico Forno North End 89%

 #6 Veggie Planet Harvard Square 89%

#7 Figs Beacon Hill 88%

#8 Emma's PizzaKendall Square 88%

#9 Picco South End87%

#10 Pizzeria Regina North End 85%

 
 
 

*% of reviewers who gave “Thumbs Up”


 

http://www.urbanspoon.com/f/4/344/Boston/Pizza-Places, One-third of Americans believe UFOs are real.

You are legally entitled to $500 every time a telemarketer calls you after you tell them to stop.

Touching money can reduce physical and emotional pain.

Straight marriage, gay marriage, whatever. Just stop showing me pictures of your kids and we're cool.
Expand Collapse, Watching an hour-long soap opera burns more calories than watching a three- hour baseball game.

About 10 to 20% of people can wiggle their ears.

The modern bikini was invented by two Frenchmen

Mormons believe that the Garden of Eden was located in Jackson County, Missouri, The youngest pope was 11 years old.

40% of all people who come to a party in your home snoop in your medicine cabinet.

54% of people don't know how to swim.

For $45, the U.S. Bureau of Engraving and Printing will sell you a 5-pound bag with $10,000 worth of shredded U.S. currency, Nomophobia (no-mobile-phone phobia) is the fear of being without your cellphone or losing your signal.

Scientists estimate that 86% of all land creatures and 91% of sea creatures remain undiscovered

It’s estimated that there were 5 different human species living on the planet about 30,000 years ago.

It costs about $10,000 to have your picture taken with Michelle Obama, Before he became famous, James Franco would practice different accents on the customers he served at McDonald’s.

There are 3 volumes of The Hunger Games: 23 people die each year in the game and there are 12 districts - The movie also came out on 3-23-12

If you were to spell out every number starting from "one", you wouldn't see the letter "A" until you reach "One Thousand."

According to a study of over 1,000 Canadian adults, 43% of them would choose bacon over sex., A pregnant goldfish is called a “twit.”

The government once spent $325,000 to make a Robosquirrel!

Dolphins have the ability to recognize and admire themselves in the mirror.

Girls who trust their fathers to tend to have better communication and longer, Heroin, Cocaine, and LSD are 3 of the 10 most expensive materials in the entire world.

There's a Russian game show where contestants steal cars and if they're not caught by the police within 35 minutes, they get to keep it.

There is a Titanic II currently being built and it's scheduled to set sail in 2016.
Expand Collapse 

Selfies” and food pics are the two types of photos most often uploaded to Instagram., I want to throw a party with fake alcohol and see how many morons act wasted

The offspring of two sets of identical twins are legally cousins, but genetically, they are siblings.

Having a swimming pool at home is 100 times more likely to lead to accidental child death than having a gun in the house.

Sometimes, baby turtles will go for joyrides on jellyfish!, RT if you think bubblewrap is the best part of the package

I'll call it a "smart phone" the day I yell, "Where's my freaking phone?!" and it answers, "I'm here! Under your jacket!"

I feel lazier than the guy who drew the Japanese flag.

There is no “U” in awesome. But there is a ‘me’., Breaking up with your Chinese boyfriend because it feels Wong.

If sleep is SO important.. Then why does school start so early?

That stage in a friendship where you can start insulting them

Wouldn't it be crazy if at the end of the last Harry Potter book, J.K Rowling wrote, "and then Harry suddenly woke up, Don't send me a ;) face and then wonder why I show up at your house naked, Americans throw away about 40% of their food.

Children are more than twice as likely to be killed by a car on Halloween than on any other night.

Women who are stressed during pregnancy are more likely to give birth to short-tempered children.

Babies will instinctively dance when they hear music, and smile more when they are on time with the beat, One Direction has a rule that they aren't allowed to hook up with groupies while on tour

A fortune cookie company once got the lottery numbers right, resulting in 110 winners and an investigation.

marijana cannon fires pot from mexico to the usa

people who 1st measured Mount Everest lied and added 2 feet to its official height= 29,002 ft, becouse they thought 29,000 was unbelvable, If at first you don't succeed, Sky diving is definitely not for you

Twice a year the sun perfectly lines up with the streets of New York, creating a phenomenon known as Manhattanhenge.

Beer is drinkable even after a nuclear explosion!

There is a mushroom that grows in the wild that tastes nearly identical to chicken/fried chicken, Politicians and diapers have some things in common. They should both be changed regularly and for the same reason.

Politicians and diapers have some things in common. They should both be changed regularly and for the same reason

We live in a society where pizza gets to your house faster than the police

Getting engaged before you're 20 is like leaving a party at 9 pm, be who you want your children to become

Fake friends buy you a pregnancy test. Real friends say, "Name it after me."

If bartenders can't serve drunk people then I want McDonald's to stop serving fat people

On a scale of 9 to 10, how would you rate me?, Researchers have now figured out what caused the crash of the Hindenburg = time traveling lindsay lohen

Marriott is teaming up with ikea , to open a hotel chain,, and will do it again in 5 years, when the hotels fall aprart

Waiting for the new pope, tune in to " Vatican has talent"

Breast size , is a good indicator of childs sex, if a woman gains 2.5 inches, its a boy, 3.1 inches its a girl, Couples were often given ecstasy during marriage counseling in the 1970’s to help strengthen communication.



North Korea lists 28 hairstyles to keep capitalism at bay - The Times ...http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com › World



red meat can reduce the symptons of pms



In Assassin’s Creed 3, every victim as well as the time and location of their death were inspired by real-life events, Applying pressure to an itch is the best way to get rid of it - The reduced blood flow will cause it to go away.

Dolphin’s actually form “gangs” and will assault others to show authority

Bubble wrap was first manufactured to be sold as wall paper.

Drugs prescribed by doctors kill 6 times as many people every year than the number of people who died on 9/11, In 2008, a married couple realized they were actually twins separated at birth.

Farting can actually help reduce high blood pressure and is beneficial to your health.

Athazagoraphobia is the fear of being forgotten or ignored by someone you once cared about

Atelophobia is the fear of not being good enough or having imperfections, Studies suggest that eye contact must be held for about 8.2 seconds for that “Love at first sight” feeling to occur.

The Nintendo Wii, Playstation and XBox are all banned in China, even though they are all manufactured in China.

Chicken McNuggets come in four different shapes, each having its own name. (Boot, Bone, Bell, and Ball)

Bill Gates has given away approximately $28 billion and has saved about six million lives since 2007, King Tut became a pharaoh at the age of 9, died when he was 18, and was buried with 145 pairs of underwear.

Not caring whether or not there actually is a god is called Apatheism.

There are sign language equivalents of tongue twisters - They are called “finger fumblers.”

Vodka can be used as hair conditioner, to treat jellyfish stings and also makes an effective bug repellent., Bracketology 

Big Daddy Style

Facebook or Tweet us,  the NCAA basketball 2013 Final 4, Before the tournment starts tonight.

If your right you get a Free Pizza,

1 guess per customer, and guess must be in before tourny starts, Making faces to a random baby when their parents aren't looking. 

Whoever said, 'It's not whether you win or lose that counts,' probably lost

Girls want a lot of things from one guy. Conversely, guys want one thing from a lot of girls

.I'm like a Fireman. I turn the hoes on., In Poland, spiders are common Christmas tree decorations because (according to legend) a spider wove a blanket for Baby Jesus

The most successful pirate captain was actually a Chinese prostitute - She had 80,000 sailors working for her

Peter B. Lewis, chairman of the Progressive Insurance company, donated over $2.3 million towards to the legalization of marijuana.

More tigers are living as pets in the US than there are living in the wild in Asia, "If someone has a problem with you, always remember, it's their problem."

"A man who does not think for himself does not think at all." - Oscar Wilde, Never interrupt someone doing what you said couldn't be done." - Amelia Earhart

Sometimes adversity is what you need to face in order to become successful." - Zig Ziglar

"Winners, I am convinced, imagine their dreams first. They want it with all their heart and expect it to come true." - Joe Montana

Don't ever mistake my silence for ignorance, my calmness for acceptance, and my kindness for weakness, Do the thing you fear and the death of fear is certain." - Ralph Waldo Emerson

Every day of your life is a page of your history." - Arabian Proverb

Never interrupt someone doing what you said couldn't be done." - Amelia Earhart

Sometimes adversity is what you need to face in order to become successful." - Zig Ziglar, We cannot become what we need to be by remaining what we are." - Max Dupree

"A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination." - Nelson Mandela

My doctors told me I would never walk again. My mother told me I would. I believed my mother." - Wilma Rudolph

There is an immeasurable distance between late and too late." - Og Mandino
Expand Collapse, It's what you get from games you lose that is extremely important." - Pat Riley

The only reason we don't have what we want in life is the reasons we create why we can't have them." - Tony Robbins

About the only thing that comes to us without effort is old age." - Gloria Pitzer
Expand Collapse 

"You can't do it unless you imagine it." - George Lucas, You have to have a dream so you can get up in the morning." - Billy Wilder

My thing is to go where I've never been." - Diane Arbus

"To gain that which is worth having, it may be necessary to lose everything else." - Bernadette Devlin

Time heals what reason cannot." - Seneca, Bad habits are easier to abandon today than tomorrow." - Yiddish Proverb

Life is a challenge, meet it." - Mother Theresa

I'd rather lose myself in passion than lose my passion." - Jacques Mayol

"Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly." - Robert F. Kennedy, "Eventually one of two things will happen; either they will realise you're worth it, or you'll realize they aren't

There are no regrets in life, just lessons." - Jennifer Aniston

There may be people that have more talent than you, but there's no excuse for anyone to work harder than you do." - Derek Jeter

Don't judge me by my past, I don't live there anymore.", Laugh a lot... so that when you're older, the wrinkles will be in all the right places."

Be thankful for what you have. You have no idea how many people would love to have what you've got

The artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work." - Emile Zola
Expand Collapse 

"You cannot raise a man up by calling him down." - William Boetcker, "If you really want to do something, you'll find a way. If you don't, you'll find an excuse." - Jim Rohn

Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something else is more important than fear." - Ambrose Redmoon

We spend our days waiting for the ideal path to appear in front of us but what we forget is that, paths R made by walking, not by waiting."

"Solitary trees, if they grow at all, grow strong." - Winston Churchill, Aerodynamically the bumblebee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumblebee doesn't know that so it goes on flying anyway." - Mary Kay Ash

Don't spend the rest of your life wondering if you can do it. Start now."

"If you hate starting over, stop quitting

Be yourself, fill your life with good people, and don't get a big head. It can all be gone tomorrow." - Shannon Elizabeth, I've learned that the only way to get respect from people is to give them respect." - Tommy Lasorda

Never mistake motion for action." - Ernest Hemingway

You just shouldn't depend on next times and second chances. You never know if they come

I have decided to be happy because it's good for my health." - Voltaire, Never give up on your dreams, so keep sleeping.

I always think of the BEST comeback..... the next day., If Wikipedia was made into a book, it would be over 2.25 million pages long, and would take about 123 years to read.

When offered a new pen to write with, 97% of all people will write their own name.

The average friendship lasts for about 5 to 7 years.

The first to apologize is the bravest. The first to forgive is the strongest. The first to forget is the happiest, Putting extra dot or comma while copying homework from someone so that it would look different

According to The American Medical Association, more than 60% of all human illness and disease is caused by stress

George Washington wore size 13 shoes.

If a mosquito is biting you, and you flex that muscle, it will explode, Roses are red, Facebook is blue, You look likable, So I'll add you

I have a condition that makes me eat when I cant sleep. Its called Insom-nom-nom-nia.

Daughter - iPod. Son - iPhone. Mom - iPad. Dad - iPay.

If you watch an Apple store get robbed, are you an iWitness?, A man asked a fairy to make him desirable & irresistible to all women. She turned him into a credit card.

Closing all the internet windows by the time your boss gets to your desk is like getting the keys into the door before the killer gets you.

Emotionally breaking down when you can't get your hair right.

In life, never look down on anybody, unless you arw getting a lovely view of the Cleavage, Erin Go Bragh." (Ireland Forever), "The longest road out is the shortest road home.", "If you're lucky enough to be Irish, then you're lucky enough.", May your thoughts be as glad as the shamrocks. May your heart be as light as a song. That stay with you all the year long.", I showed my appreciation of my native land in the usual Irish way by getting out of it as soon as I possibly could. 

George Bernard Shaw, For an Irishman, talking is a dance. 

Deborah Love, Other people have a nationality. The Irish and the Jews have a psychosis. 

Brendan Behan, For the young Gaels of Ireland Are the lads that drive me mad, For 1/2 their words need footnotes And 1/2 their rhymes are bad.  

Guiterman, An Irishman is the only man in the world who will step over the bodies of a dozen naked women to get to a bottle of stout., Only Irish coffee provides in a single glass all four essential food groups: alcohol, caffeine, sugar, and fat. 

Alex Levine, St. Patrick's Day is an enchanted time -- a day to begin transforming winter's dreams into summer's magic. 

Adrienne Cook, Politics  is the chloroform of the Irish people, or rather the hashish.

Oliver  St. John, To  marry the Irish is to look for poverty.

J. P.  Donleavy, I went to Ireland once. I found it to be very  much like NYC, a beautiful country, & both the women and men  were good-looking

James Cagney, I'm  proud of my Irish heritage and culture and this show will feature a lot of Irish  dancing.

Michael  Flatley, Ninety  percent I'll spend on good times, women and Irish Whiskey. The other ten percent  I'll probably waste.

Tug McGraw, I  had a very happy childhood, which is unsuitable if you're going to be an Irish  writer.

Maeve  Binchy, You  think the Welsh are friendly, but the Irish are fabulous.

Bonnie  Tyler, Sometimes  the archaism of the language when it's spoken is why we are all in love with the  Irish today.

Diane  Wakoski, The  Irish gave the bagpipes to the Scotts as a joke, but the Scotts haven't seen the  joke yet.

Oliver  Herford, Me  and Johnny Rotten have been talking about doing a movie of his book, No Irish,  No Dogs, No Blacks..

Penelope Spheeris, I'm  just a loud Irish guy.

Bill O'Reilly, If  this humor be the safety of our race, then it is due largely to the infusion  into the American people of the Irish brain.

William Taft, I  had that stubborn streak, the Irish in me I guess.

Gregory  Peck, Irish  women are always carrying their husbands home from pubs. Such things are the greatest posture-builders in the  world.

Peter  O'Toole, People  do think I'm Jewish. But we're Irish Catholic. My father had a  brogue.

Martin  Short, Life would be so much easier if everyone had the same cell phone charger

I have a 6 pack under my fat. It's kinda shy.

Instead of 'lol', why don't you try LOLWKASF? "Laughing Out Loud While Keeping A Straight Face."

Attention Fat People: Having a diet coke with your super-sized meal doesn't make it a "healthy choice.", It's  easy, for me to do Irish because we've got Irish heritage where I  come from.

Brad  Pitt, for British folks Irish people were all terrorists.  And that's  why U2 came to America.

Bono, Irish  poets, learn your trade, sing whatever is well made, scorn the sort now growing  up all out of shape from toe to top.William Yeats, I  think of myself as being Jewish and Irish, despite the fact that I'm  English.

Daniel  Radcliffe, I'm  Irish. I think about death all the time.

Jack  Nicholson, I'm  Irish, so I'm used to odd stews. I can take it. Just throw a lot of carrots and  onions in there and I'll call it dinner.

Liam  Neeson, If  one could only teach the English how to talk, and the Irish how to listen,  society here would be quite civilized.

Oscar  Wilde, Ireland  sober is Ireland stiff.

James Joyce, Being  Irish is very much a part of who I am. I take it everywhere with  me.

Colin  Farrell, Love  is never defeated, and I could add, the history of Ireland proves  it.

Pope  John Paul II, Being  Irish, he had an abiding sense of tragedy, which sustained him through temporary  periods of joy.

William Butler  Yeats, Happy St Paty's Day

We  have always found the Irish a bit odd. They refuse to be English.
Winston  Churchill, Happy St Paty's Day

Our Pizza and Irish Beer , Yumm!!!

Chef Boyardee catered Woodrow Wilson's wedding at age 17

North Korea is one of the largest counterfeiters of US$50 and US$100 bills

Woody Harrelson ate custom made twinkies in Zombieland, because he's vegan

When my little brother doesnt stop crying, I show him his birth video in reverse & tell him that's what happens to bad kids who cry to much, Bs, Pens for lunch , Preview of Eastern Confrence Finals

Time for NHL Hockey and Free Pizza

 

FaceBook or Tweet the Correct score of any Bs  game today and win a Free cheese Pizza

 

Bs X, Pens Y, Give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza,

 

. All guesses must be in before game starts, Don’t make decisions when you’re angry. Don’t make promises when you’re happy

Dan Harmon, creator of Community, based the series off of his real-life experiences at Glendale Community College

Coke goes flat in aproximately 34 minutes

The rapping granny from The Wedding Singer turns 100 years old this year!
Expand Collapse, Alice Cooper paid to restore the O in the Hollywood sign in honor of his friend, Groucho Marx

The famous line in Spider-Man 'With great power comes great responsibility' has been around since at least 1817!

Jackie Chan fought the Triad influence in Chinese entertainment.His life was threatened & he carry multiple guns & sometimes grenades!

L.A. requires all buildings over 75ft to have a helipad. Becouse Most fire truck ladders only reach heights of about 80 feet, The Backstreet Boys and Nsync had the same manager. And he defrauded both out of millions!

The Disney Channel doesn't accept outside ads. The only commercials it airs are for its own shows and Disney products.

The original Karate Kid is now the same age as the actor who played Mr. Miyagi was in the movie

College tuition has increased up to 3 times the rate of inflation since 1978, "Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach." - Tony Robbins

"People know you for what you've done, not for what you plan to do."

There is no one giant step that does it. It's a lot of little steps." - Peter A. Cohen

Better to do something imperfectly than to do nothing flawlessly." - Dr. Robert Schuller, Action is the real measure of intelligence." - Napoleon Hill

The only difference between stumbling blocks and stepping-stones is the way you use them."

You do not have to be superhuman to do what you believe in." - Debbi Fields

If you want to stand out, don't be different, be outstanding." - Meredith West, Sometimes you just outgrow people. Don't try to fix or repair, just accept it and move on." 

When something seems to go wrong, it's invariably part of a larger right." - Jed McKenna

"Once you forget what you're worth, you forget what you deserve."

Excellence is not an accomplishment. It is a spirit, a never ending process." - Lawrence Miller, Every new McDonald's creates 40 jobs. 20 dentists and 20 heart surgeons!

Who else had one of those pens with a million colors, and tried to push all the buttons at 

Closest I've gotten to murder is holding Oreos under the milk until the bubbles stop

The only exercise some people ever get is: running their mouths, jumping to conclusions, Are children who act in 'R' rated movies allowed to see them?

To the lady behind me, inching slowly closer to my back will not make the line move any faster.

If it weren't for law enforcement and physics, I would be unstoppable.

Laziness is nothing more than the habit of resting before you get tired.
Expand Collapse, Slut jokes are whoreable

Simba was walking too slow, so I told him to Mufasa

If I had a dollar for every time I thought about you, I would start thinking about you

Roses are red, violets are blue, I thought voldemort was ugly, but then I saw you, pope Benedick said he is not abandoning the Church :) like most Catholics he will be back for x-mas and Easter

At age seventy, 73% of men are still potent

Bananas can help prevent and cure hangovers.

Studies have shown that most break ups occur right before the Holidays, 40% of women admit they have thrown shoes at a man.

Couples who cuddle regularly are eight times less likely to get depressed

The toothbrush was invented in China in 1498.

50% of U.S. pizzas are sold with pepperoni on them., 1.3% of the entire female U.S. population have fake boobs.

Endytophilia is the desire to keep one's clothes on during sex.

66% of runners think about sex while running; only 8% think about running during sex.

Carvival cruise motto, " the ship that feels like home' = "Because it has only one working bathroom" :), Hallmark's new motto' When you care enough to send the very best. " and you want to 

Sheep can recognize other sheep from pictures.

New slogan for ps4 " see the future" ...... " Its in your mom's basement"

Orgasms are 20 times stronger than pain medications, Japan’s favorite pizza topping is eels.

There is a death metal band whose lead singer is a parrot.

A sneeze can exceed the speed of 100 mph.

The ashes of the average cremated person weigh nine pounds, Smokers die earlier than non-smokers: 13.2 years for men and 14.5 years for women

77% of men look for girlfriends with "wife potential."

In a fight between a polar bear and a lion, the polar bear would win.

Blondes have more hair than dark-haired people, More than 8 million Americans sleepwalk.

4 in 10 people who begin drinking before age 15 become alcoholics

Couples who marry in January, February and March tend to have the highest divorce rates.

Car airbags kill one person for every 22 lives that they save, Reindeer like to eat bananas.

Fruit salad trees are real. They can grow up to 7 different fruits at the same time.

88% of High School Dropouts had passing grades, 47% were bored in class

50% of giraffes are bisexual, 3 horrible things in life: 1) Seeing your mom cry. 2) Seeing the love of your life fall in love with somebody else. 3) Slow Internet.

I need a 6 month vacation, twice a year.

"I wrote a song about a tortilla. Well actually, it's more of a wrap."
 

Cacophobia is the fear of ugliness, The average friendship lasts for about 5 to 7 years.

Over $43 billion worth of unopened, edible food is thrown away in the U.S. every year.

Mangos can enhance a marijuana high and allow you to get “higher” more effectively

While he was under contract to play James Bond, Pierce Brosnan was not allowed to wear a tuxedo in any other non-Bond movie, The word “nice” originally meant foolish or stupid

Babies that are 4-6 months old naturally know how to swim - This instinct disappears after that time and they need to be re-taught

About 35.9 million Americans (aged 12 and older) have tried cocaine at least once in their lifetime.

After pandas mate, the females chase the males out of their territory and raise the cubs on, Approximately 450 people die from falling off their bed every year in the U.S

In the 1950’s, people laughed an average of 18 minutes a day - Currently, we laugh an average of 4-6 minutes a day.

Pocahontas was 11 years old when she met John Smith - He was 28.

Marvel Universe has created over 9,000 superheroes and other characters within the 74 years its been publishing, Trying to look happy when no money falls out of your birthday card.

Dear Mama” by Tupac Shakur, is one of 25 songs that have been added to the Library of 

Whenever a YouTube video is buffering or is paused, you can play a game of “Snake” by 

Between the a male’s human and sperm cells, the bandwidth of the human penis is, Most girls on Facebook have more problems than a math book

That annoying moment when you can't get your straw in.

My Talents: speed texting, procrastination, and sarcasm

Mosquitoes are just vampire flys., It's a shame when you sit down and your thighs squish out to twice their size.

Dear Glee, I'm pretty sure cheerleaders don't wear their uniforms 24/7. Sincerely, an actual high school student.

Bees are a good example of Karma; once they sting someone..... they die

Longest minute of life: waiting for food to come out of the microwave., Elementary School: "he told me to!" Middle School: "it was a dare!" High School: "I was drunk!"

I'm painting a blue square in my backyard. So that Google Earth thinks I have a pool
 

?Toaster = Bread's tanning salon.

Lord, give me patience, GIVE IT TO ME NOW!!, iPhone covers are like condoms; you don't want to, but you kind of have to., Welch’s grapefruit juice was originally created as a non-alcoholic wine for churches

Dolphins have been known to go on killing sprees when sexually frustrated.

researchers have discovered a chemical in the brain that causes woman to talk more than men, it is called Chardonnay

Thank you pres Obama for proposing to get rid of penny, Dose that make any sence?, You can’t hum while holding your nose closed.

Studies have found that women’s faces are most beautiful once a month - When they are menstruating.

On average, girls apologize about 5.2 times a day - Guys apologize about 3.6 times a day
Expand Collapse 

Unicorns were mentioned in the Bible., 80% of Earth’s natural forests have been destroyed.

A group of rattlesnakes is called a “rhumba.”

Forgiveness is the trait that is most strongly linked to happiness.

There are over 15,000 videos listed under “hit in the balls” on YouTube., Mexico City is sinking as much as 8 inches per year.

You will receive about 31 prank phone calls in your lifetime.

On average, you'll have 3000 thoughts every day.

Babies can cry before they're born, Smoking wild carrots will get your high.

72% of Pinterest users are female.

The Statue of Liberty wears a size 879 sandal.

Only 1 out of 700 identity thieves gets caught., If swimming keeps you in shape, then explain whales.

If you can't continually answer a question with a question then marriage may not be for 

If a genie ever gives me three wishes, goodbye Kardashians., The longest recorded flight of a chicken is thirteen seconds.

The odds of a mother having twins are 90 to 1.

Out of all colored diamonds, red diamonds are the rarest.

Sony originally developed the PlayStation for Nintendo., You our Great Customers have rated Big Daddy's

Chick Parm Sub

Popcorn Chicken

Fresh Fried Dough "Bites"

Number 1 in Boston, In Fact your support of these dishes has made them number 1 ( in thier catagory) in the United States.

Thank you

This is reported by dishtip.com

DishTip is a sophisticated food discovery application that analyzes millions of reviews, photos, and related content across the web to help you find the best dishes at restaurants.

take a look at the results

http://www.dishtip.com/food/search?what=popcorn+chicken+&where=Boston%2C+MA&_f=form&forceRestaurantId=

 

http://www.dishtip.com/food/search?what=chicken+parm+sub&where=Boston%2C+MA&_f=form&forceRestaurantId=

 

http://www.dishtip.com/food/search?what=fried+dough&where=Boston%2C+MA&_f=form&forceRestaurantId=, Cherry is the most popular flavor of edible underwear.

80% of people who begin an exercise program will quit.20% keep going :)

Animals, such as whales and toads, can naturally explode

German Shepherds bite humans more than any other breed of dog, On average, you'll have 3000 thoughts every day.

Babies can cry before they're born.

The Pokémon Hitmonlee and Hitmonchan are based on Bruce Lee and Jackie Chan

The darker the color of your alcoholic drink, the more likely it is to give you a hangover, The Statue of Liberty wears a size 879 sandal.

Only 1 out of 700 identity thieves gets caught.

Mexico City is sinking as much as 8 inches per year.

You will receive about 31 prank phone calls in your lifetime., "If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. There's no point in being a damn fool about it." W. C. Fields

Mister Rogers car was stolen, he filed a police report & within 48 hours the car was left in the exact spot where it was taken,+ an apology

Smoking wild carrots will get your high.

72% of Pinterest users are female., Japan holds the record for the world’s biggest orgy ever - 500 people all had sex in the same place at the same time

A Facebook poll in 2012 indicated that Beaker is the favorite Muppets character, beating Kermit, Miss Piggy and Animal

Brazilian Bikini Waxes are Making Crab Lice an Endangered Species.

Muggsy Bogues, one of the shortest NBA players of all time at 5’3”, once blocked a shot by Patrick Ewing, who at 7’0”,, About 8,000 men underwent breast reduction surgery in the U.S. in 2008.

Orgasms can help lower a woman’s risk of heart disease, breast cancer, stroke and 

Goofy, the Disney Character, had an unnamed wife who died in the late 1950s.

Ilunga” is a word for someone who will “forgive abuse the first time, tolerate it a second time, but never a third time" in Tshiluba, Just like humans are left or right-handed, elephants are either left or right-tusked.

Oprah Winfrey is chiclephobic - She is scared of gum.

99% of women say real men cry, while only 39% of men agree.

Coulrophobia is the fear of clowns and Santa Claus., common female equivalent for “morning wood” is “morning dew.”

US eggs would be illegal in a British supermarket because they are washed. British eggs are illegal in US markets because they're unwashed

McDonald’s rejects a higher percentage of applicants each year than Harvard.

It would take about 76 8-hour work days for the average person to read through all the “Terms and Conditions” they agree to in a year., KY Jelly, the WD-40 of the bedroom.

The problem with the world is that everyone is a few drinks behind." -Humphrey Bogart

NY times reports that 4 million seniors have joined dating sites

My lesbian friends asked me what I wanted for my birthday. They gave me a Rolex. I think they misunderstood when I said I wanna watch, She has PMS & a GPS; which means she's a b!tch & she will find you

Disney parks are now going to serve alcohol , says new spokesman , extreamly buzzed lightyear

I'm on the "Starts Tomorrow" diet.

You know how sometimes you fall asleep your whole body jolts you awake? That's a ghost finishing sex with you., 99% of my parents questions can be answered with "Google it."

Child: "Dear Santa, please send me a baby brother!" Santa: "Send me your mother." ;)

Vegetarians, stop eating my food's food!

Man dressed as elmo was seen make anti semtic remarks, or Mel Gibon in his new role, When a person cries and the first drop of tears comes from the right eye, It's happiness, when it's from the left, It's pain. #fact

Dear math, You have too many X's so stop being a player and choose one

That awkward moment when you take a bite into a slice of pizza and all the cheese comes off.

My room was clean. But then, I had to deiced what to wear, amish- themed TV shows # 6 " I dream of electricty"

amish- themed TV shows #7 " that 1870's show"

amish- themed TV shows # 8 "cash buggy"

amish- themed TV shows # 10 "churn" your enthusaiasm", My alarm clock probably thinks I have anger management issues

That sad moment when someone attractive is grammatically deficient.

amish- themed TV shows # 2 " How I met my second cousin"

amish- themed TV shows # 4 "win lose or plow", Morning wood acts a type of exercise for the penis - Lack of sleep can lead to erectile dysfunction

My interest in a social networking site is directly proportional to how long it takes for it to be blocked at work

If you are stuck at a red light, try texting. Boom, green light. Works like a charm.

Remember when using "protection" meant wearing your helmet?, About 90-95% of phones sold in Japan are actually waterproof.

People with a higher number of moles tend to live longer than those with fewer moles.

When Charles Darwin first discovered the Galapagos Tortoises, he tried to ride them.

match .com says TEETH are the most importaint thing when looking for a date, A male lobster’s bladder is located in it’s head - When 2 males fight, they squirt each other in the face 

Neophobia is the fear of new foods or new things.

The character for Luke Skywalker was originally written as a girl.

BMW had to recall their original GPS system because male German drivers were refusing to take directions from a female voice, 94% of people who die while working are men.

America exported $124,021,998.00 worth of dairy cow semen in 2011.

 “Flo” from the Progressive Insurance commercials makes about $500,000 a year from them

Google actually makes more money from Apple’s iOS than it does from the, Next time a blocked number calls you answer like this: "Jim's whore house. You got the dough, we got the hoe."

You call it multiple personalities. I call it social networking in my head.

NBC no longer has reruns, " nobody sees the shows the first time"

Vegas sees over 100,000 weddings every year, making it the top wedding destination in the world., KY Jelly, the WD-40 of the bedroom.

The problem with the world is that everyone is a few drinks behind." -Humphrey Bogart

NY times reports that 4 million seniors have joined dating sites

My lesbian friends asked me what I wanted for my birthday. They gave me a Rolex. I think they misunderstood when I said I wanna watch, While our in store Cash Registers are working slowly , Big Daddy's Online ordering is working fine. So get your order proccessed fast and take advantage of our 79 cent 20 oz coke special online, Online ordering is back up at big daddys, She has PMS & a GPS; which means she's a b!tch & she will find you

Disney parks are now going to serve alcohol , says new spokesman , extreamly buzzed lightyear

I'm on the "Starts Tomorrow" diet.

You know how sometimes you fall asleep your whole body jolts you awake? That's a ghost finishing sex with you., Big Daddy's is open our computers are down, no online ordering , pls call at 617 787 1080, and we will get your food, 99% of my parents questions can be answered with "Google it."

Child: "Dear Santa, please send me a baby brother!" Santa: "Send me your mother." ;)

Vegetarians, stop eating my food's food!
4. 
Man dressed as elmo was seen making anti semtic remarks, or Mel Gibon in his new role, The level of trust between two people increases by simply hugging for 20 seconds due to the release of a chemical called Oxytocin

Google is opening new stores, “ for people that have wanted to ask for Porn and spell check “ in person

The next bruce willis movie involves rescuing people from a Carnival Cruise

Facebook should invent a relationship status that says "Only when I'm drunk.", In order to get usps clothing on time they have signed up fed ex :)

To save money the usps is coming up with a line of clothing " going postal" :)

Everyone is Online Except the Only Person I Actually Want to Talk to. -.-

Realizing in the middle of telling your story that it isn't actually funny, Big Daddy's is open our computers are down, no online ordering , pls call at 617 787 1080, and we will get your food, Sesame Street songs were played over and over again to torture and interrogate prisoners at Guantanamo.

There exists a secret McDonald's sandwich named McGangBang -- It is a McChicken Sandwich in the middle of a double cheeseburger.

A stray dog nicknamed Xiaosa covered 1700km across China with the cyclists when he joined a cycle race after one of the bikers gave him food

Tik-Tok”, one of the first songs by Ke$ha, outsold any of the singles from the entire albums of The Beatles, Big Daddy's is open, but our computers are not,so please bear with us, The reason eating a Big Mac or a Whopper makes you tired is because our bodies have to work harder to digest all of that grease and fat -

With 248.8 million records sold, The Beatles have sold more CDs than any other music artist in history

The goo from snails is a common ingredient in many facial and body moisturizers.

Ernest Hemingway and Benjamin Franklin both enjoyed writing while naked., The average person gets 9,672 minor injuries in a lifetime.

After only being in existence for 5 years, the iPhone is the second best selling product of all time - the 1st is the Rubik’s Cube

The first patent for the Apple iPhone was created in 1985 - It was a flip phone that was shaped like an apple

Pink dolphins actually exist!, The average U.S. woman is 5’4” and weighs 140 pounds - The average model is 5’11” and weighs 117 pounds

The average school textbook costs $175 - Enough to buy a full month of groceries

Male and female rats can have sex up to 20 times in a day - Male rats will mate with as many females as possible.

Originally, Cookie Monster was green, had sharp teeth and he only ate electronics, Oh, so now I'm invisible to you? Well that's cool. I've always wanted a superpower

"Are you free tomorrow?" "No, I'm damn expensive."

Marijuana has a much greater effect on the brains of teenage females than teenage males

There is an episode of Family Guy that Fox isn’t allowed to air in the US because it centers around Lois’ decision to have an abortion, Your clothes are making me extremely uncomfortable. Please, take them off.

Boss: "We need you to do a drug test..." Me: "Great! Which drugs am I testing?"

Holding your cat in the air and singing The Lion King song

Dear Tuesday, don't feel special, you're just Monday's ugly cousin., What did the blanket say when it fell of the bed. Awwww sheet!

Dear YouTube, Please explain how your ads stream perfectly, but the videos take forever to load...

If you watch Jaws backwards, it's about a shark who throws up so many people, they have to open a beach

Conclusion: The place where you got tired of thinking., Roses are red, Facebook is blue, You look hot, So I'll add you.

Hillary Clinton is the cover of the new Sports Illustrated pant suit edition

Dear Tetris, Thanks for making me good at loading my dishwasher.

Studying" is just a combination of the words "student" and "dying"., Some people don't change, they just learn to lie better.

A reminder to all of the people saying You Only Live Once: Just so you know, You Only Die Once too

One tequila, two tequila, three tequila, floor.

Obviously whoever came up with the phrase "The freaks come out at night" has never been to Walmart during the day, Always tweet people the way you want to be tweeted.

If history repeats itself, then I'm definitely getting a dinosaur

Sarcasm is the mind's natural defense against stupidity

The only yoga stretch that I’ve perfected is the yawn, So, I heard that Oxygen and Magnesium are going out, and I was all like, OMg.

I am not fat, I am just so sexy that it overflows

Mum: Why is your room always so messy? Me: So that if someone comes in and tries to kill me, they’ll trip over something and die.

"I'm okay" = "No, really I'm not and I wish you knew.", my relationship status: went from being "single" to "still single".

Never mistake my silence for weakness. No one plans a murder out loud

Wearing Crocs is a great way to protect your virginity.

If you think I hate you, there’s a 98% chance you’re right so leave me alone, gas is so expensive , it is now sold at " whole foods"

Roses are red, Facebook is blue, No mutual friends, I'm not adding you

*Missed a call* *Calls back* *No answer* What, did you die within 3 seconds?

Whoever invented yoga pants, I thank you, The song “Lights” was inspired by Ellie Goulding's childhood fear of the dark

crazy blind date, new ap for smart phone

In Russia, September 12th is celebrated as the "Day of conception" in which couples are given a holiday to have sex.

Nick Offerman and Megan Mullally, 'Parks and Recreation' are really married, Some people are afraid of being too happy because they think something tragic is going to happen soon -- This is known as Cherophobia

#2 way to turn woman on Dress To Impress

First things first. What is the #1 thing that women usually cite as the most attractive thing about a man, Make Her Laugh

Adriana Lima, Victoria Secret’s model was a virgin when she married at 27., McDonald's is no longer the world's largest restaurant chain -- Subway now has more outlets opened worldwide than McDonald's.

Each episode of TV series "The Walking Dead" has a budget of $2.8 million.

#3 way to woo a woman Woo Her With Eye Contact

Scientists noticed that children, who are avid watchers of the cartoon SpongeBob Squarepants, tend to have learning problems later on, cruise victim asso, reports that since 195 , 165 people are missing while at sea

Throughout his life Hitler ate strict vegetarian diet, never smoked a cigarette and didnt try alcohol

Gas is so expensive it is now worth more than a working toilet on a carnival cruise

There are sex doll brothels in Japan, where you can pay to have sex with your favourite anime and manga characters, Eating excessive amount of blue M&Ms can turn your skin bright blue temporarily.

High school students in New York City can have free "Morning-After Pills" from their schools.

Dolphins, crows and parrots name their babies -- They produce unique sound for each of their group member

American sitcom "Friends" was initially titled "Insomnia Cafe"., The price of gas is so high, it is no longer sold by the gallon, now sold in grande, and venti cups

New gallop poll says 70% of Americans think things are heading in the wrong directions, the other 30% are thinking of going back to Mexico

4th best way to woo a woman Be Chivalrous

The pH value of diet soda is about 3.2,If you drink multiple diet or regular sodas you're at a high risk for dental problems., 1. OMG are you serious?! No, I just wanted to see your reaction.

I go deaf when I am texting

Number 6th way to wow a woman, Listen to her

In China, a man hired in-game hitmen to assassinate his lazy son's video game characters, Oreos are the best-selling cookies in the US

$30 million was awarded to the person who tipped off U.S. forces to the whereabouts of Saddam Hussein's sons

Andrew Jackson beat his attempted assassin with a can after TWO pistols failed to kill him!

Andrew Jackson's parrot was ejected from his funeral for swearing too much!, That "like a boss" moment when you throw some thing in the trash and make it in.

Waking up in the night, and then realizing you still have hours to sleep

Be careful of reading health books. You may die of a misprint.

"We have a history" sounds a lot better than "we used to bang and now it's awkward.", *people speaking different language* They're obviously talking about me

Why do midgets laugh when they run? The grass tickles their Bs

Keep your head held high because the floor isn't very interesting to look at

The awkward moment when you look both ways down a one way street., Ugh... I know what I wanna say. I just can't explain it.

Regret setting your phone on 'Silent' or 'Vibrate' once you misplaced it.

Pretending you're the host of a cooking show, when you're home alone cooking.

I Don't Care If There's Plenty More Fish In The Sea. I Want THAT Fish!, Getting to that part of the song that you dont know and you mumble

Yawning is contagious- even thinking about yawning is enough. After reading this fact, there is a 50% chance you will yawn.

Wanting someone to say a certain thing because you have the perfect answer.

Thank You, Hand Sanitizer, For Telling Me I Have a Cut On My Hand., Yawning is contagious- even thinking about yawning is enough. After reading this fact, there is a 50% chance you will yawn.

Wanting someone to say a certain thing because you have the perfect answer.

Thank You, Hand Sanitizer, For Telling Me I Have a Cut On My Hand., How about a Nobel Prize for the creator of the bed.

1 billion kids are eligible for low cost computers

tiger played golf this the president over the weekend, The predident's handicapt . Dose not understand Economics

92% of Pakistans hate Americans, the other 8% have seen the Kardashians, We're not lost, we're on an adventure.

I'd rather carry 10 grocery bags in each hand than make two trips.

If history repeats itself, I really want a dinosaur.

Awkwardly Saying "you had to be there" After Telling a Dumb Story, Time for NHL Hockey and Free Pizza

 

FaceBook or Tweet the Correct score of Bs  game tonight and win a Free cheese Pizza

 

Bs X, Caps Y, Give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza,

 

1 guess per customer All guesses must be in before game starts, When life gives you melons; You'll end up working at hooters.

Good girls go to heaven. Bad girls go everywhere!

Fat people are just harder to kidnap.

Facebook will be much more interesting if only they let you decide which part of the body you wanna Poke., Ice cream never asks silly questions. Ice cream understands

I know it may seem hard right now, but better days are coming. They're called and Saturday and Sunday

Doing weird faces & sounds in an elevator & then realizing it has a camera.

If someone texts "K", just reply "L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z". Just to irritate, Groucho Marx performed a two-minute Charleston on Adolf Hitler's bunker, the site of Hitler's death,

Times Square has a rich harmonic sound texture emerging from the north end of B way between 45th&46th Streets in New York City
8. 
The world’s largest treehouse is 10,000 square feet and supported by 6 trees!

I could win American Idol if they just let me bring my shower on stage, Honey Boo Boo's mother has a boyfriend and you're single... Just let that sink in

The Pocahontas Myth by Disney is pretty much 100% false according to the Powhatan Nation

No US president has lived and died without a new state being added in their lifetime!

Jalisco New Generation Cartel &“The Knights Templar Cartel welcomed the Pope Benidick when he visited Guanajuato mEXICO, The first use of the word "cheese" to encourage a smile was used on students of the Oundle School in England in 1920

India Will Exceed China’s Population By 2030!

Houston airport received many complaints about baggage wait times. They moved baggage claim further away so the walk was longer

I loved the Titanic. My favorite character was the iceberg, Bill Gates flew coach almost exclusively in 1997!

Salt Lake City, Utah consumes the most Jell-O per capita in the US

Hypersonic means five times the speed of sound

to combat low literacy rates .Brazilian prisoners can shorten sentences by reading books. 4 days are taken off per book, Max 48 per yr, Einstein urged Rooservelt to invent the bomb before the Germans.But was denied security clearance to help, due to his left-wing views
2. 
5 worst places to date 3. Medford, Ore.

5 worst places for dating 4. Punta Gorda, Fla.

5 worst places for dating 5. McAllen, Texas, A thumbs down gesture would be used to save a gladiator, while a thumbs up meant to kill him.

If you can't stand the heat, get out of the kitchen. Harry S. Truman.', All that I am, or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother. Abraham Lincoln

People in relationships dream about their significant other about 20% of the time.

You want a friend ? Get a dog. Harry S. Truman 

Chuck Lorre, the creator of Two and a Half Men, composed the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles theme song., Hey auto-correct, stop messing with my damn curse words. You mother forklift.

The things I want to know are in books; my best friend is the man who'll get me a book I ain't read. Abraham Lincoln

I'm pretty sure I had a good time last night. Let me just finish reading the police report and I'll let you know.

The Marine Corps is the Navy's police force ...They have a propaganda machine that is almost equal to Stalin's. Harry S. Truman, TRY THIS: If you type "askew" in google search, the page will tilt slightly clockwise.

If the doctor says you only have six months to live, get married immediately. This will make the six months seem like forever

A woman is the only thing I am afraid of that I know will not hurt me. Abraham Lincoln

If you're gonna replace me, at least try and find someone attractive. I'm supposed to be jealous, not nauseated., Facebook : Posting 100's of statuses in a day = OBSESSED, Twitter : Posting 100's of tweets in a day = NORMAL.

No man has a good enough memory to be a successful liar. Abraham Lincoln

It's a recession when your neighbor loses his job; it's a depression when you lose yours. Harry S. Truman

Richard Nixon is a no good, lying bastard. He can lie out of both sides of his mouth at the same time, Harry S. Truman, Even though Star Wars has an incredibly complex and deep universe, Yoda's species was never named!

Friday the 13th superstition costs businesses between $800 and $900 billion!

Two-thirds of UK teenagers don’t believe in God

Searching for something and then realizing that it's in your hand., Time for NHL Hockey and Free Pizza

 

FaceBook or Tweet the Correct score of any Bs  game tonight and win a Free cheese Pizza

 

Bs X, Cs Y, Give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza,

 

. All guesses must be in before game starts, The unluckiness of 13 may come from a Norse myth about a thirteenth guest who becomes a murderer

People avoid scheduling on Friday the 13th because they think things are more likely to be unlucky and go wrong.

12/24/55 Sears ad told kids they could Call Santa & gave them Continental Air Defense Center Number, They have tracked Santa since that day

Slash Refuses to let Glee use Guns ‘N Roses Music. . He’s a Glee hater, Don't give up at half-time. Concentrate on winning the second half." - Coach Paul "Bear" Bryant

There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you." - Maya Angelou

Roman Empire # 19th 2,51mm s/m , British #1 13.01mm s/m. Mongol Russian ,Spanish ,Qing Dynasty, and Japanese Empire.all biggger than rome’s empire

Extreme Makeover Home Edition causes foreclosures! luxurious homes w high taxes and utility rates.cause Many families to lose their homes, Give a man a fish; you have fed him for today. Teach a man to fish; and you have fed him for a lifetime." - Chinese Proverb

Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second." - William James

The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams." - Oprah Winfrey

Winning builds character, losing strengthens it." - Tristan Davies, 85% of people are good at giving advice but find it difficult to follow their own.

El Chapo Guzman (world's most powerful drug lord) sometimes walks into a restaurant, eats his meal, & pays everyones table when he leaves!

Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle." - Plato

Only you can control your future." - Dr. Seuss, First contestant to win the “Who Wants to be a Millionaire” used the phone a friend lifeline on last question just to tell his dad he won

A study shows that, teenagers who listen to Lil Wayne's music has scored lowest in their SATs compared to the fans of any other artist

There is a coffee shop in South Carolina where every customer only pays for the next customer’s drink.

In London, there's a "rain room" that makes rain fall everywhere in the room except the spot you're standing in!, Although the world is full of suffering, it is full also of the overcoming of it." - Helen Keller

When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way." - Wayne Dyer

Today, give a stranger one of your smiles. It might be the only sunshine he sees all day." - H. Jackson Brown

the bruins have trailed more than led this season, amzazing for a 8 2 2 club-Edwards, Thomas Edison, the inventor of the light bulb, was afraid of the dark. Perhaps fear really can drive success!

Leonardo da Vinci had a form of dyslexia, which caused the artist and inventor to often write backwards.

"You never really know your friends from your enemies until the ice breaks." - Eskimo Proverb

I've got a theory that if you give 100 percent all of the time, somehow things will work out in the end." - Larry Bird, 61% of the population of Hong Kong claim to visit fast food restaurants at least once a week, the most out of any nation

There are 300,000 fast food restaurants in the U.S

William Shatner 1st person to utter the word "hell" on American television in the Star Trek" series.episode"The City on the Edge of Forever

The average dream lasts only two to three seconds., People are more likely to fall for one another if the location of their first date is more exciting

Dairy Queen actually has its own clothing line.

White cars are stolen more often than any other colored car.

There are more Starbucks in America than there are McDonald's., the bruins have trailed more than led this season, amzazing for a 8 2 2 club-Edwards

No matter how good you get you can always get better and that's the exciting part." - Tiger Woods

You drown not by falling into a river, but by staying submerged in it." - Paulo Coelho

If you want to fly, you have to give up the things that weigh you down.", I've got a theory that if you give 100 percent all of the time, somehow things will work out in the end." - Larry Bird

Although the world is full of suffering, it is full also of the overcoming of it." - Helen Keller

When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way." - Wayne Dyer

Today, give a stranger one of your smiles. It might be the only sunshine he sees all day." - H. Jackson Brown, The average dream lasts only two to three seconds.

Thomas Edison, the inventor of the light bulb, was afraid of the dark. Perhaps fear really can drive success!

Leonardo da Vinci had a form of dyslexia, which caused the artist and inventor to often write backwards.

"You never really know your friends from your enemies until the ice breaks." - Eskimo Proverb, 61% of the population of Hong Kong claim to visit fast food restaurants at least once a week, the most out of any nation

There are 300,000 fast food restaurants in the U.S

William Shatner 1st person to utter the word "hell" on American television in the Star Trek" series.episode"The City on the Edge of Forever

a "timley" johnny rocket ,,,eh brick, Dogs are sometimes placed with cheetahs to help keep them calm.

It takes only $34,000 to be one of the world’s richest 1% - It takes $200,000 to be in America’s richest 2%

One study suggests putting pictures of cute puppies and kittens in your workspace enhances productivity

Advertisting Age called Ronald McDonald the number two advertising icon of the twentieth century, after the Marlboro Man, Having a stare-down with the clock when it's 11:10.

The Bacon Bling sandwich, dubbed by the World Record Academy as the worlds most expensive bacon sandwich, clocks in at $237

Putting dry tea bags in a pair of smelly shoes will help absorb the unpleasant odor

Air Jordans were banned from the NBA, however Michael Jordan always wore them as Nike was willing to pay the fine for each game, With its aproximate 4,000 locations across the globe, Dominos was able to rake in $3.4 billion in profit last year. # 2 ff restraunt

Santa started wearing red after a Coca Cola's advertising campaign in 1920, before that he used to wear blue, green or yellow.

There should be a "stop talking button on Facebook.

If the camera adds 10 pounds, does that mean Victoria Beckham doesn't exist?, I like doing my own thing, except when I can get a date.

"having children is so rewarding"= "having children was the worst idea ever"

Playing video games before bedtime gives an ability to control dreams -- Gamers are more likely to have lucid dreams than non-gamers

sonic rake in about $3.68 billion from 3,500 locations., Iran's largest airport had a Star of David on its roof. They didn't know until Google Earth

If you have an itch, don't scratch. Apply pressure. The reduced blood flow will stop the itching

It's amazing how much more money I have when I'm drunk.

A slut is just a woman with the morals of a man, Denmark has a roaming sand dune named Rabjerg Mile. The wind moves the dune about 18 meters a About 250,000 people come visit the dune

The CIA attempted to mimic nature and make spy devices that looked like bugs, birds and other animals

Hillary was in the White House at the same time Monica and Bill were making their own history!

Women are unhappiest in their life around the age of 37; men around the age of 42., 1. Winning is nothing more than a few simple disciplines, practiced every day." - 

Benjamin Franklin was the oldest signer of the Declaration of Independence. He was 70 years old

The United States government owns about 34% of all land in the U.S. according to the Department of Agriculture

soc security #s,1st set indictes the location you applied from. The 2nd set is the year you applied, in code .3rd set is your citizen number, I got 99 problems and money could solve at least 73 of them.

I'm not lazy, I'm on energy saving mode, How to cut a pizza pic.twitter.com/BVC1cuoh


That awkward moment when you have nothing left to talk about and you're just sitting there like... :|

That awkward moment when you think someone is ignoring you when in reality you just didn’t press send.


In the morning there's a huge difference between 6:00 and 6:05, Anybody ever had this conversation before, "OK if we get caught, here's the story....."

more than half of the country's honeybees are brought to California at the end of February for almond pollination,

That moment when you know you're going to see someone you like, so you plan multiple conversations in advance

That awkward moment when you hear a recording of your voice and you wonder how you even have any friends, Ignoring the house phone because you know its not for you.

That one kid in class that can ask the teacher random questions to get them off topic : We love you dude :)

Why do we feel safe under blankets? It's not like a murderer will come in thinking "I'm gonna kill- ahh shit! She's under a blanket."

The awkward moment when you see a dog humping something., They say there are plenty more fish in the sea..... but until I catch one, I'm just stuck here holding my rod

You are 9 and you have a phone? ..... Who do you call? Dora?

She has a boyfriend"..... Just becuase theres a goalie dosn't mean you can't score!

That baby dinosaur noise you make when you stretch, Housework: No one notices when you do it, but everyone notices when you don't.

My friends don't care if my room is messy. They only care if I have food.

That annoying moment when one earphone stops working.

Your clothes would look nice on my bedroom floor., Dear fruits and vegetables, Stop pressuring me to pick a side. Sincerely, tomatoes

Did you realize that a woman's "I'll be ready in five minutes" and a man's "I'll be home in five minutes" are exactly the same?

Don't follow my footsteps; I run into walls.

There's a difference between smelling good and smelling like you just went swimming in perfume., The word "nightmare" is derived from "Mare", a Germanic folklore goblin who rode on people's chests as they slept.

Drinking warm liquids can make a person feel more generous and trusting.

Both men and women tend to settle for mates that are generally in their own class of attractiveness.

Social psychologists have found that the more a city's radio station plays country music, the higher the suicide rate becomes., Dairy Queen actually has its own clothing line.

White cars are stolen more often than any other colored car.

There are more Starbucks in America than there are McDonald's.

39% of welfare recipients are white, while 37% are black., Research shows that it takes women 14 dates to know if they're falling in love, while it only takes men 3

On free dating sites, at least 10% of accounts are scammers

Four out of ten workplace relationships result in marriage, Every month, 90% of Americans visit a McDonald's restaurant- Y

French fries are the most popular food in America, surpassing the sale of regular potatoes in 1970

Over 50% of all singles in America have not had a date in more than two years

According to a recent study, people are twice as likely to find a date through friends and family than bars or clubs, Pope Benedict resigns, saying his neck was bothering him, all those years of looking the other way:)

The McRib is only sold when pork prices are low

In 19th century Egypt, they started using their excess of mummies as fuel for train engines.

Ranked by geographic size, the Roman Empire was only the nineteenth biggest ever!, That extremely annoying moment when you’re behind a slow walker and there's no way around them.

If Manhattan had as many people per sqmi as Alaska it woud have 14 people!
14. 
Victorians photographed their dead because they could seldom afford a picture of them alive.

After Star Trek was cancelled, Nichelle Nichols/Lieutenant Uhura was hired to work at NASA!, I'm going to change my name on Facebook to 'Benefits', so that when you add me, it will say, "You are now friends with benefits."

I think I've fallen in hate with you.

carnival cruise's new motto," you cruise, you lose"
12. 
I was in the card store , in the belated section, no belated valentines day cards !!!!!!!!, When the Carnival Triumph landed today it almost capsized “from all the lawyers rushing to get on”

It's true, alcohol kills people, but how many are born because of it?

Dear grades, get well soon...

You're about as useful as the P in psycho., Pursue the things you love doing, and do them so well that people can't take their eyes off you." - Maya Angelou

I was brought up to believe that how I saw myself was more important than how others saw me." - Anwar el-Sada

"There are only two options regarding commitment. You're either in or you're out. There's no such thing as life in-between." - Pat Riley

Passengers said the worst thing about being on the Carnival Triumph , was when the went the bathroom , choosing between paper and plastic, Never let your memories be greater than your dreams." - Doug Ivester

There isn't a person anywhere who isn't capable of doing more than he thinks he can." - Henry Ford

Go after your dream, no matter how unattainable others think it is." - Linda Mastandrea
8. 
"The man who is prepared has his battle half-fought." - Cervantes, Opinions are like a mustache. It's bad when women have one.

We know there's plenty of fish in the sea. It seems like fishing with a dollar bill is the best way to catch em' these days.

The only thing under 4 inches that can satisfy a woman is a credit card.

Consider the postage stamp: its usefulness consists in the ability to stick to one thing till it gets there." - Josh Billings, I fell in love at first sight. Sometimes, I wish I had taken a second look.

If you have to explain the joke, I probably wrote it.

I make myself laugh, I should date me.

Nothing livens up a speed dating event like a whoopie cushion., I often think, "Do women even understand women?"

If the U.S. defaults will China repossess our elected officials? Just thinking out loud here

That awkward moment when you delete someone off Facebook then they try to add you again

A dyslexic man walks into a bra, I hate when I forget to press send and I'm sitting there like an idiot waiting for a reply.

If a girl is silent, it's dangerous. They're either: about to blow up, need a hug, falling apart, crying inside or all of the above'

The resistance movement in the Philippines is called the "Moro Islamic Liberation Front" AKA "The MILF."

If people are trying to bring you down, all it means is that you are above them, That feeling you get when you understand something in Math

You never realize how offensive your music is until your parents are sitting in the passenger seat

That little dance your thumbs do when you don’t know how to answer to a text.

That amazing moment when you hear a song you haven't heard in years and you still know every word, 1. There is talk that the Red Sox may go with a 5 man rotation. They got the idea from taylor swift :)

2011: Every day I'm shuffling. 1836: Each and every riseth of the sun I will be moving thy feet in a whimsical manner.

The movie " A good day to die harder" opened or hugh hefner's honeymoon

That one friend that laughs at everything, even when its not funny, The Asian Giant Hornet is the size of your thumb, and stings with flesh dissolving acid that alerts other wasps to sting you until you die.

New Toasted Raviolis Delivered All Day Long 22.2% more , and better , than Regina Pizzeria

Study’s show that oral sex can cure morning sickness in pregnant women.

The Japanese have invented a robot that NEVER loses at Rock-Paper-Scissors., It takes your brain approximately 90 seconds to decide whether or not you like someone.

In 1995, a man stole a tank from the U.S. Army and drove it down a highway in California.

A used pair of Queen Elizabeth's underwear sold for $18,000 on eBay

Storm moving northward just offshore, snow will fall over New England w heaviest amounts likely in eastern areas later Sat night into Sun, Nestlé is the most profitable company in the world.

In 1997, Mattel released Becky, Barbie's friend, who's hot-pink wheelchair could not fit into the elevator of Barbie's $100 Dream House.

There are 22 different ways to replicate a woman's breasts with text symbols.
8. 

230,730,000 songs are illegally downloaded every day; 160,000 songs are illegally downloaded every minute, In Japan, women give men chocolates on Valentine’s Day. Men return the favor a month later on White Day (March 14th).

When a person lies, the temperature of their nose rises -- This is known as the “Pinocchio Effect

Vodka can be used to soothe jellyfish stings, as a bug repellent and used as hair conditioner

The more intelligent a woman is, the less likely she is to be fertile, The average four-year-old child asks over 400 questions a day.

The Cosmos Atrosanguineus is a type of flower that actually smells like chocolate

Jellyfish kill more people each year than sharks do.

In addition to love, St. Valentine is also the patron saint of plagues., I like to wave to the security cameras when I enter stores.

Making faces to a stranger's baby when the parents isn't looking.

Alcohol is the liquid version of Photoshop.

I don't have EX's, I have Y's. Like Y did I date you!, First thing a girl says when it rains: "MY HAIR!"

Always Wanted to go into an elevator full of strangers and say "I bet you're wondering why I've gathered you all here today."

Any time a bird craps on my car, I eat an entire plate of scrambled eggs on my porch, just to show the birds what I'm capable of.

That awkward moment when you ignore someone's phone call and they call you from someone else's phone and you answer it -.-, Mountain Dew was actually a slang term for "moonshine" and initially it was made to be mixed with "whiskey".

Backstreet Boys offered Ryan Gosling to become a member of their band but he refused the offer to pursue his acting career

How can Transformers 4 not be called Trans4mers?

I redo high fives if they weren't good enough the first time., If the story you are telling does not involve me in some way, you can be sure that I'm not listening and I sure as hell don't care.

Siri is male in the UK and France, it's female in the U.S -- Americans find women's voices more pleasing on digital devices than man's

Cheerleading accounts for 65.1% of all sports injuries among females -- 30,000 cheerleaders are sent to the emergency room each year.

There are gay SWANS who only mate with females to get eggs, once they get eggs they hatch them with their gay partner., At the eye doctor: Doctor: "Pleae read the lowest line you can." Me: "Made in China"

Marijuana does lead to harder stuff. Like trying to look inconspicuous carrying a plate of spaghetti topped with gummi bears at a buffet

apple just came out with an app to tell how smart your dog is : If you bought this app your dog is smarter than you :)

I don't have a bad handwriting, I have my own font, It's best not to marry a woman who refers to the rehearsal dinner as the "Last Supper."

LL Cool J, after the grammys , LL stands for lip linking

Why do women get to be called milfs and cougars when they get older, but men get called sex offenders and perverts?

Any food can be a superfood if you put a little cape on it., The moment for calm and rational discussion has passed. Now is the time for senseless bickering

Don't make fun of a fat man with a lisp. He is probably thick and tired of it.

"I don't think my parents liked me. They put a live teddy bear in my crib." - Woody Allen

The therapist told my wife to put some magic in our marriage. So she disappeared., Based on a psychological study: a crush only lasts for a maximum of 4 months. If it exceeds, you're already in love!

"Asthma" and "Isthmi" are the only 6-letter words that begin and end with a vowel and have no other vowels in between.

Pope is resigning : guess he took the N.D. loss to Alabama harder than anyone thought :)

Just remember, if the world didn't s-ck, we'd all fall off., 84% of women say they have sex to get their man to help with housework.

105 yr old woman in calf, is the oldest FB user, she says " your never too old to waste what litttle time you have left"

You breathe using one nostril at a time, switching every 30 minutes.

Rihanna is the most popular person on Facebook with over 60 million "likes.", Lil Wayne is the first artist who has surpassed Elvis Presley as the male with the most entries on Billboard's Hot 100 chart.

Most U.S. automobile horns honk in the "F" key.

Before September 11th, 2001 there was no airplane hijackings for over 20 years

75% of people have glossophobia, the fear of public speaking., There's an 84% chance that if you're 16 or older, you've already met the person you'll marry

Before brushing their teeth every morning, 95% of teens check their phones first.

It is estimated that over 80 people a year die from playing the game " Twister."

In 1932, Hitler designed the first Volkswagen Beetle while sitting in a restaurant, Hugh Jackman has founded a coffee company named Laughing Man, that gives 100% of profits to charity with a focus on education

The term "love" is from the Sanskrit lubhyati, meaning "desire."

Girls fart 3 times more than guys!

The Bronx Zoo offers to name a Madagascar cockroach (Largest and the Noisy roach) after your love for Valentine's Day!, 59% of people say they are "average-looking."

The youngest Pope was 11 years old.

The combination of an exclamation point and a question mark is called an interrobang (‽).

Nicotine bonds irreversibly with melanin making it easier for darker-skinned individuals to get addicted and harder for them to quit., In the game Monopoly, the space on which a player has the greatest statistical chance of landing is Illinois Avenue.

Turkey in 1876, gifted marijuana to the US and within 4 years Turkish smoking parlors covered the entire northeastern US

We can udnretsnad msseed up stneceens as lnog as the lsat and frsit lttrees of wdros are in crrcoet plaecs.

If every American recycled one-tenth of their newspapers, we could save about 25,000,000 trees a year=internet saves 250mm trees, •  A slice of pizza can effectively relieve stress

Several U.S. presidents, 26 of the first 29 astronauts and 85% of FBI agents were Boy Scouts.

Single men outnumber women Las Vegas; Honolulu; Palm Bay,Fla.Gary,Ind.& San Jose,Ca.Women outnumber men Bethesda, Wash,Bos,NYC; & Raleigh

A car's winshiled is 100s of times bigget than rear view mirror ,,, spend that much more time looking fwd vs backwards, Man was arrest for stealing a crispy cream donut truck and leading police on a high speed chase, he was arrested for grand thief irony :)

Cremations are bad for the environment as they pump dioxins, hydrochloric acid, sulfur dioxide, and carbon dioxide into the air.

ikea is giving a way a crib to any woman who has a kid exacly 9 months after valintimes day

Strict parents create sneaky children., A Mormon Book Club Once Featured 50 shades of grey

he didn't know how to end the date,so he saluted me

Burials in America deposit 827,060 gallons of embalming fluid into soil each year.

A company called Memorial Space Flights will now send your loved ones cremated remains into space for a fee, The CEO of Olympus was fired when he discovered that $1.6 billion of the company’s money had been paid to the Yakuza.

Dana Carvey had heart-bypass that was done wrong. He was awarded $7.5 million for medical malpractice which he donated entirely to charity

bruce willis has been over 70 movies

Cap'n Crunch used to include a prize whistle that unintentionally allowed people bypass international calling fees, The Yakuza operate openly in Japan: they have offices, make charitable donations, and even have large investments in mainstream companies.

Mel Blanc’s tombstone reads; “That’s all folks!”

Tetris is so addictive because of our deep-seated psychological drive to tidy up.

Bill Clinton lost the nuclear launch codes for several months. why am I not suprised, A slice of pizza can effectively relieve stress

Several U.S. presidents, 26 of the first 29 astronauts and 85% of FBI agents were Boy Scouts.

Single men outnumber women Las Vegas; Honolulu; Palm Bay,Fla.Gary,Ind.& San Jose,Ca.Women outnumber men Bethesda, Wash,Bos,NYC; & Raleigh

A car's winshiled is 100s of times bigget than rear view mirror ,,, spend that much more time looking fwd vs backwards, The United States has more aircraft carriers in service than the rest of the world combined.

Genghis Khan slept with so many women that about every 1 in 200 people today are descended from him.

The Mall of America is owned by Canadians.

To Italians, the correct way to eat Spaghetti is with only a fork. Eating Spaghetti with a fork and spoon means you’re an amateur, a child,, The United States has more aircraft carriers in service than the rest of the world combined.

Genghis Khan slept with so many women that about every 1 in 200 people today are descended from him.

The Mall of America is owned by Canadians.

To Italians, the correct way to eat Spaghetti is with only a fork. Eating Spaghetti with a fork and spoon means you’re an amateur, a child,, The Assassin bug wears its victim’s bodies as armor.

Women can see more colors than men can.

The Secret Service was created by Abraham Lincoln the day he was Assassinated

Sign language users have “accents”, and can often tell the region another user comes from through them, just like spoken language., Rapper 50 Cent says he’s never done drugs

In Korea, there is a cat cafe where you can go to drink coffee and hang out with cats for hours.

Eating Bananas with dark patches can help fight cancer.

An alligator’s immune system can fight HIV., One Alcoholic drink a day can reduce your risk of type 2 diabetes by up to 30 percent.

No engineers made it off the Titanic, they stayed and kept the power on so others could escape

A professional baseball pitcher threw a no-hitter high on LSD.

There’s a disease called “Exercise-Induced Anaphylaxis” which makes people allergic to exercise., People born blind smile like everyone else, even though they’ve never seen a smile to mimic it.

Cats are more likely to survive a fall from 32 stories than from 2 stories.

Kids who are good at lying are more successful as adults.

When in “panic mode” your eyes see more frames per second, which is why you perceive everything in a sort of slow motion., If you love as hard as we do this is amateur night

you must be yogurt, becouse I want to spoon you

Why can't my room stay clean for at least one day.

iPhone + iPad + iMac = iBankrupt.., If anyone could read my mind I'm pretty sure they'd be traumatized for life.

9 year olds have an iPhone, an iPad, an iMac, & an iMsg... When I was 9, I felt cool with my new iMarkers

You don't know heartbreak until you see the waiter coming to your table with food, but then take a sharp turn to a different table

Is Google a boy or a girl? Obviously a girl because it won't let you finish your sentence without suggesting other ideas, Humans are the slowest growing of all mammals.

In 2011, there were more violent deaths in Mexico than in Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia & Yemen combined.

1 in 12 people literally have sex in their sleep.

Researchers have found that flatulence produced by dinosaurs contributed to global warming, I'm Just saying, we'd make some good looking babies.

Screaming "NOOOOOOOOO" when the teacher starts erasing the board and you're not done copying

Looking at old pictures and thinking; "why did my parents let me leave the

Elephants have been known to keep standing even after they die., I hate it when I turn on the radio & it's the end of my favorite song.

No matter how amazing you are at something, there will always be an 8 year old Asian who is better.

Never tell a woman to calm down. It just makes her more angry

Say this fast - { I M 2 6 C 4 U } - RT if you get it., Once you forget what you're worth, you forget what you deserve."

The things which hurt, instruct." - Benjamin Franklin

We think about all of our tomorrows, but we don't know how many they are, so let's start making the most of our todays

Most of the things worth doing in the world had been declared impossible before they were done." - Louis D. Brandeis, There are actually some sex stores that sell sex dolls for dogs

Hummingbirds are the only creatures that can fly backwards.

I do good when people doubt me. When someone says I can't do something, I want to do more. I won't back down from anybody." - Kenyon Martin

"If you have the courage to begin, you have the courage to succeed." - David Viscott, A pigeon's feather weighs more than it's bones.

In 75% of U.S. households, women manage the money and pay the bills

39% of Americans spend more time socializing online than face-to-face.

Your mind spends the majority of it’s time replaying memories and creating scenarios of perfect moments, Back in 2003, French scientists predicted that bananas will be extinct by 2013.

In Cambodia, you can shoot a cow with an RPG for $350.

The average human with a full head of hair contains between 85,000 to 150,000 hairs

More than 2 million people visit eBay every single day., A lion's roar can be heard five miles away.

Cuddling during the night is actually 10 times more effective than sleeping pills

On average, 100 people choke to death on ballpoint pens every year

It is believed that diamonds fall like raindrops on Uranus and Neptune.., The lifespan of a taste bud is 10 days.

80% of adolescents reported bullying incidents during their school years.

The author of "Mary Had a Little Lamb," Sarah Hale, is largely responsible for making Thanksgiving a national holiday

After the age of 30, humans gradually begin to shrink in size., 59% of people say they are "average-looking."

The youngest Pope was 11 years old.

The combination of an exclamation point and a question mark is called an interrobang (‽).

Nicotine bonds irreversibly with melanin making it easier for darker-skinned individuals to get addicted and harder for them to quit, The longest recorded hangover lasted 4 weeks.

The man who provides the voice of Optimus Prime in Transformers is also the voice of Eeyore from Winnie the Pooh

The "#" symbol is called an octothorpe, the pound sign - or, on Twitter, a hashtag

91% of people depend on an alarm clock to wake up., In the game Monopoly, the space on which a player has the greatest statistical chance of landing is Illinois Avenue.

Turkey in 1876, gifted marijuana to the US and within 4 years Turkish smoking parlors covered the entire northeastern US

We can udnretsnad msseed up stneceens as lnog as the lsat and frsit lttrees of wdros are in crrcoet plaecs.

If every American recycled one-tenth of their newspapers, we could save about 25,000,000 trees a year=internet saves 250mm trees, Humans are the slowest growing of all mammals.

In 2011, there were more violent deaths in Mexico than in Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia & Yemen combined.

1 in 12 people literally have sex in their sleep.

Researchers have found that flatulence produced by dinosaurs contributed to global warming, I'm Just saying, we'd make some good looking babies.

Screaming "NOOOOOOOOO" when the teacher starts erasing the board and you're not done copying

Looking at old pictures and thinking; "why did my parents let me leave the house

Elephants have been known to keep standing even after they die, I hate it when I turn on the radio & it's the end of my favorite song.

No matter how amazing you are at something, there will always be an 8 year old Asian who is better.

Never tell a woman to calm down. It just makes her more angry

Say this fast - { I M 2 6 C 4 U } - RT if you get it., Once you forget what you're worth, you forget what you deserve."

The things which hurt, instruct." - Benjamin Franklin

We think about all of our tomorrows, but we don't know how many they are, so let's start making the most of our todays

Most of the things worth doing in the world had been declared impossible before they were done." - Louis D. Brandeis
Expand, There are actually some sex stores that sell sex dolls for dogs

Hummingbirds are the only creatures that can fly backwards.

I do good when people doubt me. When someone says I can't do something, I want to do more. I won't back down from anybody." - Kenyon Martin

"If you have the courage to begin, you have the courage to succeed." - David Viscott, A pigeon's feather weighs more than it's bones.

In 75% of U.S. households, women manage the money and pay the bills

39% of Americans spend more time socializing online than face-to-face.

Your mind spends the majority of it’s time replaying memories and creating scenarios of perfect moments, Back in 2003, French scientists predicted that bananas will be extinct by 2013.

In Cambodia, you can shoot a cow with an RPG for $350.

The average human with a full head of hair contains between 85,000 to 150,000 hairs

More than 2 million people visit eBay every single day., A lion's roar can be heard five miles away.

Cuddling during the night is actually 10 times more effective than sleeping pills

On average, 100 people choke to death on ballpoint pens every year

It is believed that diamonds fall like raindrops on Uranus and Neptune.., Daps @ Aevin Dugas for setting the record in September 2011 for the largest afro ever. How large was it? An astonishing 4 feet, 4 inches

Norman Perez, a Burbank resident who instant messaged for 96 hours straight with nothing more than a 5-minute break per hour.

Thomas Lackey,an old-timer born in 1920 who set a record in 2010 when he remained tie to the top of an airplane for the plane's whole flight

Head and Shoulders love Pittsburgh Steelers player Troy Polamalu's hair so much that in 2010 they took out a $1 million policy on it, the most pierced man. Say hello to Rolf Buchholz, a German with 453 piercings, 158 of which are on or around his lips.

David Alexander donned 121 t-shirts in August 2006, a record for the most shirts wore at one time.he sweat through the first 36 shirts!

Washington resident Robert Shields maintained a diary for 20 years. In 1994,his hard work was awarded when he won himself a Guinness record!

Like chocolate? Then you'll love Alain Roby, a pastry chef who in 2010 created a 2285-pound sculpture 20-2/3 feet tall. Yummy, Trying to sleep again thinking the dream will still continue.

Return on Investment: . The green properties, for example, are awful; the oranges and reds are superior. the rr get landed on the most

England 's Sarwan Singh set a new record in 2008 for having the longest beard.his beard measures 7.7 feet, longer than Shaq is tall!

from Australia, a Mr. Les Stewart, starting typing out number words (one, two, three) in 1982 and finally reached a million on 11/25/98, Hi, Can I help you?" "No, I just waited in line for 15 minutes to say hi.

Knowing the answer to the question but acting like you don't, just so the teacher will feel stupid when you get it right

I wasn't aware that answering any of my parents questions was talking back.

If I appear as if I'm deeply thinking, I'm probably just silently correcting your grammar., Coffee doesn’t taste like it smells because saliva wipes out half the flavor

I couldn't repair my brakes, so I made the horn louder.

So if I typed 'idiot' into Google, Would your picture come up?

Don't you HATE it when people bump into you & give you a dirty look like its your fault, Ben Stiller had hypnotherapy to cure his addiction to peanut M&M’s!

Reports say that Google will pay $1 BILLION to Apple just to remain the default iOS search engine

Roman military officers spent hours before battle getting their hair done and nails painted. This was a sign of status

The typical 22-year, or his employer, will pay $4,000,000 for health care and insurance in his or her lifetime, 15 other foods than big daddy's tonight #1Bluefin tuna/sushi can be sold up to $1,365 per pound

60% of babies are born before breakfast

Oklahoma has more man-made lakes than any other state, and has over one million surface acres of water

Cat show you their butt as a way of telling you that they are comfortable with you!, La Bonotte Potatoes much as $1,543. That's a handful of french fries for over $1,000.

Number 6 food outside of Big Daddys :Saffron can go for $2,700 per pound.

Number 3 foods outside of Big Daddys :Kopi Luwak coffee is shipped from Indonesia Archipelago, the beans can cost up to $230 per pound

15 other foods than big daddy's tonight #2Yubari King Melons are precious fruits sold in Japanese stores for around $50 to $100, Sometimes one finger isn't enough to let someone know how you feel. That's why you have two hands.

No#6 things to eat tonight other than big daddy's beluga sturgeon fetch up to $25,000 a tin

Questions on the application to become a sports illustrated swimsuit model #8 are you willing to kiss a tubby guy on a super bowl ad

Questions on the application to become a sports illustrated swimsuit model #10 how naked do you see your self in 5 years, What are the three words guaranteed to humiliate men everywhere? "Hold my purse."

Nipples: Nature's thermometer.

What's the difference between erotic and kinky? erotic = using a feather -kinky = using the whole chicken.

First I'm going to nibble your ears, then slowly lick your body, and end up with your toes in my mouth. Damn. I love chocolate bunnies, It took 220 years after the pencil was invented for someone to invent the eraser

Cars are the most recycled consumer product today. Almost 85% of the parts are recyclable.

In 1916, 55% of the cars in the world were Model T Fords

I just checked the health/weight chart at the gym. Found out I'm four inches too short., Zebras are just horses who escaped from prison.

If you don't want your iPhone to auto-rotate, double tap home button, scroll left and hit the circle arrow button

Mr. Potato head was the first toy advertised on television in 1952

Pope Benedict XVI announced that he's resigning from the papacy later this month. He's the first pope to resign since 1415, I hate it when I meow at cats and they dont meow back.

World's shortest joke: "I do" by Kim Kardashian.

Hardest job ever. Working in a bubble wrap factory

Katy Perry: Blue hair. Nicki Minaj: Pink hair. Rihanna: Red hair. Lady Gaga: Green hair. OMG, the POWER RANGERS are back!, If you can't, you must. If you must, you can." - Tony Robbins

Being powerful is like being a lady. If you have to tell people you are, you aren't." - Margaret Thatcher

I think my iPhone is broken. I pressed the home button and I'm still at work

When you were a kid, “I’m going to tell your mom” was the scariest sentence ever., Dreams and dedication are a powerful combination." - William Longgood

"True happiness consists not in the multitude of friends, but in their worth and choice." - Samuel Johnston

So often time it happens, we all live our life in chains, and we never even know we have the key." - The Eagles,

If you love someone, tell them. Because hearts are always broken because of words unspoken, mom: *gets into car*...... me: *violently shakes door handle until mom unlocks car

11 year old kids making Twitter accounts . what you gonna tweet about?! "Just leaving day care, about to go play outside."

Valentines Day is the day that the "V" and "D" come together

Dear tongue, Can't touch this. Sincerely, elbow, More people call in sick the day after the Super Bowl than any other day of the year

The division symbol (÷) is actually called an "obelus

The longest bar in the world is 684 ft long and is located at the New Bulldog in Rock Island, Illinois.

I hate it when parents ask me to do something, but then criticize how I do it..
Expand, Cats spend 70% of their lives asleep.

DC comics features a supervillain named "Captain Nazi."

Reading and dreaming are functions of two different sides of the brain - This is why you can't read in a dream.

In 2011 a man crashed his motorcycle and died because he wasn't wearing a helmet during a protest ride against mandatory helmet laws., That moment when someone you hate thinks their opinion is required

Super Mario Bros featured the first transgender video game character in history -- Her name was "Birdetta."

When you blush, the lining of your stomach also turns red.

Your lips are 100 times more sensitive your fingertips., When I drop my phone, I act like I dropped a new born baby.

Staying in your pajamas all day, because you don't plan on going outside

Who else speaks sarcasm as a second language?

Is Lebron James Better Than Micheal Jordan? LOL YEAH RIGHT! Get At Me When Lebron Saves The Looney Tunes From An Alien Race, Life is short. Smile while you still have teeth.

Do not touch MY iPhone. It's not an usPhone, it's not a wePhone, it's not an ourPhone, it's an iPhone

My biggest problem with the younger generation is I'm not in it.

If you need space then work at NASA., You can set the language on Google to Elmer Fudd

The compound where Osama bin Laden was shot can be found on Google Maps

After Google got $25 million from venture capitalists, they held their first board meeting... around a ping-pong table

The clicking noise the scroll ball in my Apple Mighty Mouse makes is generated by a speaker inside the mouse and not the physical hardware, Motorola created the first ever pager in 1956. They introduced the first two-way pager in 1995

Samsung means Three Stars in English

Before this January 1951 memo, married women were asked to resign from their IBM jobs

You can explore inside the White House on Google Street, It's  a recession when your neighbor loses his job; it's a depression when you lose  yours.

Harry  S. Truman, Richard  Nixon is a no good, lying bastard. He can lie out of both sides of his mouth at  the same time, and if he ever caught himself telling the truth, he'd lie just to  keep his hand in.

Harry S. Truman, With Malice toward none, with charity for all, with firmness in the right, as God gives us to see the right, let us strive on to finish the work we are in, to bind up the nation's wounds.

Abraham Lincoln, 4% of all the pictures ever taken are on facebook

Google didn't have a "submit" button in the beginning. Users had to hit the "return" key to generate a Google search.

Google has data centers that are twice as energy efficient as standard centers and has a carbon footprint below zero.

Facebook ads are not generated based on your specific liked pages. But instead they gather information from what you browse on the web, Average human gestation is 266 days from conception to birth

More people have a cell phone than a toilet, Matt Damon explains. The toilet, has saved 

In order to apply for a job with Apple you are required to sign in using your Apple ID

Microsoft developed a "see through" screen back in 2008 but never commercialized it, A group of flamingos is called a “flamboyance.”

When I say "nevermind" I really mean "You should have listened the first time."

There's a French company called Ultime Réalité that you can hire to kidnap you for $1,600, 1. George Washington

> Net worth: $525 million
> In office: 1789 to 1797
> 1st president

His Virginia plantation, Mount Vernon, consisted of five separate farms on 8,000 acres of prime farmland, run by more than 300 slaves. His wife, Martha Washington, inherited significant property from her father. Washington made well more than subsequent presidents: his salary was 2% of the total U.S. budget in 1789., President’s Day Sale  

 

Caramel filled cupcakes. Only 99 Cents while supplies last

 

 

 Vanilla cake filled with chewy caramel topped with vanilla butter cream and more caramel., When “Lose Yourself” won the Academy Award for Best Original Song, Eminem was home sleeping because he didn’t think he’d win.

Uganda has an “Anti-Human Sacrifice Taskforce” due to the amount of people being killed by witch-doctors.

In France, a megabyte is called a “mega-octet” because “byte” means “cock” and “megabyte” is unintentionally rude

Fashion Week and Westminster show in NYC, Bs coming and going, On February 8th, the meaning of life was auctioned on eBay - The winning bid was $3.26.

U.S. citizens can request that the White House send a greeting for a wedding, birthday, anniversary and other milestones for free!

Thomas Jefferson invented macaroni and cheese

The United States has more guns per person than any other country in the world!, 32% of single people claim they go to bed earlier on Valentine’s Day than they normally do

Home depot is going to hire 80,000 new employees, Skills needed , A avoiding customers, B. Hiding in break room

About 40 million people in the United States have medical conditions that marijuana can help treat

Nemo actually appeared in the movie “Monster’s Inc.” as one of Boo’s toys two years before “Finding Nemo” was released., man is suing an irs agent for forcing sex during an audit, An IRS audit with a Happy Ending :)

That awkward moment when you try to high five someone and you both miss.

A.Rod has been further tied to Miami Dr for PED, so now he is the faviorit for the tour de france

58% of single folk claim to hate Valentine’s Day., If practice makes perfect, and no one is perfect, why practice?

Girls are like drugs. We can get addicted to them and they ruin our lives.

I'm not a racist. I hate everyone equally.

Dinosaurs were lies fed to us to cover up the existence of Pokemon., We all have that one friend who never has money and just mooches off of everyone they're with.

You know what I call people who let a smile be their umbrella? Wet.

Parker Bros Updates Monopoly : In new version Banker never goes to jail:)

Iran President Ahmadinejad said he wants to be the first iranian in space to see how gravity effects anti-semitism, When skinny females bend over to tie their shoes, them girls look like flip phones.

She has a million dollar figure but the top half is counterfeit.

We can still be friends" is like saying, "The dog died but we can keep it".

I hope Keith Richards isn't an organ donor, We are judged by what we finish, not by what we start."

Apparently I've switched to a mobile carrier named "Searching".

My wife was so sick this morning that I had to carry her to the kitchen to make my breakfast

When skinny females bend over to tie their shoes, them girls look like flip phones, Everything will be okay in the end. So if it's not okay, it's not the end."

Believe deep down in your heart that you're destined to do great things." - Joe Paterno

"If you think adventure is dangerous, try routine, it is lethal." - Paulo Coelho

usps stops delvering mail on sat to save 2 billion dollars, postal workers responding " we were suppose to delver on sat" :), Speak when you are angry - and you will make the best speech you'll ever regret." - Laurence J. Peter

N. Korean leader Kim Jong Un got a new smart phone. You can tell its a smart phone, 1st thing it did was leave N. Korea

"One day your life will flash before your eyes. Make sure it's worth watching

I've done things I should never have dreamed of as a young man. Except I did dream of them. And that's the point." - Lou Holtz, Understanding is a two-way street." - Eleanor Roosevelt

I believe in rules. Sure I do. If there weren't any rules, how could you break them?" - Leo Durocher

Your biggest opponent isn't the other guy. It's human nature." - Bobby Knight

"A person with big dreams is more powerful than a person with all the facts." - Dayle Maloney, If people are trying to bring you down, it only means that you are above them."

My interest is in the future because I am going to spend the rest of my life there." - Charles f. Kettering

Idleness is sweet, and its consequences are cruel." - John Quincy Adams

Miracles happen to those who believe in them." - Bernard Berenson, Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice." - Wayne Dyer

Humility is a strange thing. The minute you think you've got it, you've lost it." - E. D. Hulse

Never be sad for what is over, just be glad that it was once yours."

Sometimes you've got to create what you want to be a part of." - Geri Weitzman, Don't assume my tweets are about you. But if you're affected by them, then that obviously means you're guilty of something.

Never judge a book by its cover. Example: 50 Shades Of Grey is not a book about colors

The awkward moment when you see a 10 year old with a cooler phone than you..

It takes about 3.4 seconds for me to go from "this is the best day ever" to "I want to stab every human being on planet Earth.", Thank you scratch tickets for letting me throw my money away and make a mess at the same time

If she thinks 69 is just a number, she's too young for you bro.

I would lose weight, but I hate losing.

If anyone could read my mind I'm pretty sure they'd be traumatized for life., thank you soccer players who do flips, so I can feel like i'm watching foosball

Your outlook on life & what you choose to do with your life accounts for 40 percent of your happiness levels

Sesame Street produces free DVDs explaining military deployment and injuries to children!

A 2005 U.S. survey showed ages 20-24 are sad for 3.4 days per month. Those aged between 65-74 are sad only 2.3 days per month, Your genes and family upbringing account for only half of your happiness levels.

50 Cent has set a goal of feeding 1 billion people in Africa by 2016!

The Nobel Prize was created by a man known as 'The Merchant of Death!

Thank you Subs for being a Sandwich , A Battle ship, or a Teacher who just shows movies all day long, The majority of Good Will Hunting was shot in Toronto not Boston. The classroom interior shots were at The University of Toronto, not MIT

Your genes and family upbringing account for only half of your happiness levels.

50 Cent has set a goal of feeding 1 billion people in Africa by 2016!

The Nobel Prize was created by a man known as 'The Merchant of Death!, American school buses are yellow because you see yellow faster than any other color, 1.24 times faster than red in fact.

Coffee is the most popular beverage in the world, with more than 400 billion cups consumed each year

By the time a person is 65, he would have seen an estimated 2 million commercials

Twister is the first game in mordern day history that uses a human body as a playing piece, When a person was about to die, they would kick the bucket that they were standing on from underneath their feet and die

George Lazenbyis perhaps the least recognizable James Bond He had never acted and lied to get the part!

The Star Spangled Banner' was written to the tune of a drinking song.

Ronald Reagan once said that Congress reminded him of Klingons from Star Trek!, Dear friends putting "no offense" in front of something offensive does not magically make it okay to say. Sincerely, very much offended.

OMG! I just discovered I have a super power! I can be invisible..... Oh no no wait, I'm just being ignored.

Volleyball is just a more intense version of "don't let the balloon touch the floor."

Consider this: the average European household sends 38% of their trash to landfills, in Sweden, it’s about 1%, I'LL DO WHAT I WANT WHEN I WANT! OH WAIT..... Unless mom says I can't.

I bet if the hole on Call Of Dudy disc was bigger, a lot of guys wouldn't even need girlfriends

Nothing sucks more than that moment when you realize your parents were right

Some people might as well post 'Wants Attention' as their status., That awkward moment when you can't tell if what someone just said was a compliment or sarcasm.

That awkward moment when you think someone was waving at you, so you wave back, then play it off like you were just scratching your head.

Looking more at yourself than at the other person while video calling on Skype.

When I was a kid, I hated going to bed. Now I cherish every hour of sleep, A day without sarcasm is a day wasted

Im not saying your stupid, im just sying youve go bad luck when it comes ot thinking

The number of U.S. babies born to teen mothers dropped to record lows in 2011, new data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention

That moment when you know you're going to see someone you like, so you plan multiple conversations in advance., On the internet you can be anything you want Is strange that so many people choose to be stupid

common sense: is like deodorant. theh people who need it most never use it

sorry, I refuse to engage in a battle of wits with an unarmed person

Of couse I talk like an idiot. how else could you understand me?, When I waas little my dad had me conviced that the ice cream truck only played music when it was sold out. ....Well played Dad

the first 40 years of childhood are alway the hardest

someone stole my identy last week . Today, they showed up at my door and pleaded for me to take it back

am I getting older or has the supermarket begun playing great music, organized people are just too lazy to look for things

I have sexdaily. I mean, dyslexia!

NASA's robot curiosity landed on Mars. Early pictures show no signs of ESPN, beer, or porn. Very clear that men are not from Mars.

I hate peole that say" he's a nice person once you get to know him. They should say He's a Jerk you'll get use to, •  some people are like Slinkies. They're not really good for anything, but they bring a smile to your face when you push them down stairs.

I have cdo , It's like ocd, but all the letters are in alpebetial order, as they should be

I hate being bipolar, is awesome!!

organized people are just too lazy to look for things, A study finds, most men believe that brunettes make good wives and blondes make better girlfriends.

In 1983 Marvel Comics published a comic ‘your friendly neighborhood Spider-Ham’ about a 'Spider-Pig' named Peter Porker

The chemical which turns the colour of water blue, if you urinate in the pool is only a fictional substance and doesn't really exist.

453 piercings have been placed on the body of the "World's Most Pierced Man, Creator of Pokemon has a fortune of $5.1 billion.

Walt Disney was a high school dropout and he was fired by a newspaper editor because, "he lacked imagination and had no good ideas."

Jimi Hendrix, Quincy Jones and Macklemore all went to the same school, James A. Garfield High School.

There is an anti date rape straw that detects the presence of date rape drugs to warn the victim, "Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers; a peck of pickled peppers Peter Piper 

In Germany, a football stadium is directly connected with a 5Km long beer pipeline for continuous supply during matches.

 “I want to go when I want. It is tasteless to prolong life artificially” said Einstein when asked to get operated, a day before his death.

Your IQ will be about 10 points higher if you were breastfed as a child than if you weren't., Android users are more likely to partake in one-night stands compared to iPhone and Blackberry users, a dating site survey concluded.

Research studies at Florida State University and in U.K reveal that men prefer brunettes over blondes

2013 is the first year after 1987 to have all 4 different digits, first time since the year 1432, it can be written with 4 consecutive nos.

A research done by NASA concludes that, an afternoon nap (between 1pm - 3pm) improves decision making ability by 50% and productivity by 35%, Talking to yourself is one thing but answering a question you asked is completely another

If lying was a job, I know someone who would be a billionaire

We say things in text messages that we would never do in real life.

Talking to your car just incase its a transformer., As the storm continues to organize while moving northward just offshore, snow will fall over New England with the heaviest amounts likely in eastern areas later Saturday night into Sunday, Snowfall from this evening into tomorrow afternoon will total 3-6 inches  Stay Home let Big Daddy's Deliver, Flurries in the Morning, Snow Showers in Eve, New Toasted Raviolis Delivered All Day Long

22.2% less expensive than , and better , than Regina Pizzeria

Delicious Cheese stuffed raviolis that are both tender on the inside and a little crispy on the outside tossed with romano cheese and Served with Big Daddy's Homemade Marinara Sauce, "I WASN'T THAT DRUNK!" "Dude, u went to the train station smashed yourself against the wall, trying to get to Hogwarts!"

Girls Dictionary: No=Yes. Maybe=No. We need=I want. We need to talk=I want to complaint.

Seeing someone you know from school at the mall and trying to hide.

I wasn't born with enough middle fingers to let you know how I feel right now., If I could have one super power it would be the ability to literally smack sense into people

*Low battery* *Low battery* *Low battery* Well apparently you have enough battery to remind me every 2 seconds

If someone ever asks you what your favorite kind of food is tell them "Free!"

Dear everyone, I JUST FEEL IGNORED :( . Sincerely, Terms and Conditions, Only in America where half the money is spent in buying food and the other half is spent to lose weight

Siri was programmed to give sarcastic answers when asked certain questions

First 5 days after the weekend are always the hardest.

Men will like each other until they have a reason to hate each other Women will hate each other until they have a reason to like each other, That awkward moment when your paying for someone & you can't find your money.

"Are you athletic?" "Yeah I surf..... The internet."

Me: "I'm hungry." Fridge: "I don't care." Cabinet: don't look at me." Freezer: "You like ice?"

Me: "I'm hungry." Fridge: "I don't give a sh*t." Cabinet: "B*tch, don't look at me." Freezer: "You like ice?", I tend to be awkward if I find you attractive.

Why Harry Potter is better than Twilight? What scares you more, LORD VOLDEMORT or James?

Best pick up line - Heads we have sex, tails we flip again?

If I can't find something, I consider it stolen until it's proven that I lost it., Happy Chinese New Year!

Dear twitter, Thank you for making me the most overused symbol on the keyboard. Sincerely, #

75% of my regrets involve hitting send.

I tend to enjoy long walks, but i especially enjoy them when they are taken by people who annoy me., top 10 things you hear from a couple married 80 years #2 its been more than 4 hours we better call the doctor

top 10 things you hear from a couple married 80 years #7 your wearing my teeth again

top 10 things you hear from a couple married 80 years #9 I've been thinking of something you said 75 years ago

Rubbing your ears can help relieve an itchy throat., •  In 10 minutes, a hurricane releases more energy than all the world's nuclear weapons combined.

Staying awake for 17 hours has the same effect on your body as drinking 2 glasses of wine.

You can live for weeks without eating, but will most likely die after 11 days without sleep.

top 10 things you hear from a couple married 80 years #1 what are you doing in my half of the hourse, After the death of her husband, poet Percy Shelley, Mary Shelley (the author of Frankenstein) kept his heart wrapped in silk until she died.

Mixing alcohol and diet soda can actually make you drunker.

A study of 16,000 women found that females with more curves are smarter than those who weigh less.

Nearly every top McDonald’s monopoly prize from the years 1995 to 2000, were fraudulently won by a group of inside workers, I will do anything humanly possible to reach the remote without getting up

that horrifying moment when you check your phone and you have 30 missed calls 

The awkward moment when someone catches you making faces in the mirror

The antioxidants found in bread crust can help combat and prevent cancer, That asdfghjksjdsl mood.

Alcohol and calculus don't mix so don't drink and derive

When you say you will do it tomorrow, face it you won't do it!

On a scale of one to Edward Cullen, how stalker-ish are you?, Anyone else hate tomatoes but like ketchup?

I got kicked out of the library today..... for moving all the womens rights books into the fiction section

3 words that can change a person's mood: "Tomorrow is Monday."

My friends think my attention span is too short. Well, I don't see why, M-C-A! IT'S FUN TO STAY AT THE, Y-M-C-A, "I know God will not give me anything I can't handle. I just wish that He didn't trust me so much." - Mother Teresa

Dear spoon, I really don't give a fork. Sincerely, knife

It's nice to ask Google all your stupid questions & not be insulted for them.

A little bit of powder, a little bit of paint, makes a girl’s complexion seem what it ain’t, If you keep trying so hard to be everything you're not, you'll miss everything you were meant to be."

Today's decisions are tomorrow's realities. Remember you have 3 choices: take it, leave it or change it." - Marsha Petrie Sue

"Nobody really cares if you are miserable, so you might as well be happy." - Cynthia Nelms

"Women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition." - Timothy Leary, In Japan, you can buy watermelons shaped like cubes, hearts, and pyramids

The richest man ever lived Mansa Musa had a fortune of $400,000,000,000 at the time of his death in 1331.

In Japan, rail companies will fine the families of those who commit suicide by jumping in front of trains

In South Korea, those who did not receive any gift on Valentine's day go to a restaurant on 14th April (Black day) to eat black noodles, 1. A ghost could be humping you right now and you would never know.

I don't understand why some snacks are "fun-sized", there's really nothing "fun" about having a smaller portion of food.

That moment when a food ad comes on TV, and you suddenly feel like you haven't eaten in weeks.

That awkward moment when you break something that doesn't belong to you., I hate how chocolate immediately melts in my fingers. I mean, am I really that hot?

"Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons." - Woody Allen

You know you are desperate for an answer when you look on the second page of Google.

Smokers tend to have difficult time achieving and maintaining an erection -- Nicotine blocks the veins that help maintain an erection, If Snooki & Kim Kardashian were stuck in a burning building, & you could only save one, would you do laundry or read the paper?

A Clean Room: Having a clear path from the door to the bed.

99% of girls are hot. The other 1% go to my school.

Of the world's many super-heroes, my favourite's The Ice Cream Man., Cocaine dealers are always sticking their business in other people's noses

Autocorrect is like that person who just graduated college and think they know everything

Don't make me mad then tell me to calm down. That's like stabbing someone and then wondering why they're bleeding.

First, it's one little white lie. Then they get easier & easier to tell. Next thing you know, you're a lawyer, Feeling like a stripper when you take off your clothes to get in the pool

Those awesome moments when you're home alone & you can sing at the top of your lungs to the lyrics of a song and dance like a maniac.

Friends buy you food. Bestfriends eat your food.

I'm a member of the C.S.I.: "Can’t. Stand. Idiots.", I log off because I'm bored. Then I log back on after 5 minutes because I'm bored.

Don't make me mad then tell me to calm down. That's like stabbing someone and then wondering why they're bleeding

Distance sucks... my room is so far from the kitchen.

I'm in shape. Just the wrong one, Davios Philly Steak & Cheese Spring Rolls

30% Less Expensive than Buying them at Davios Steak House

Davios: Crispy Spring Rolls stuffed with Scrumptious Steak and Cheese - These babies totally rock and are served with Big Daddy's Homemade Marinara Sauce, Nothing is sexier than a girl who laughs at your jokes.

If a man speaks in the forest, and there's no woman to hear him, is he still wrong?

" My love life is terrible. The last time I was inside a woman was when I visited the Statue of Liberty." - Woody Allen

There are two reasons why we don't trust people: 1) We don't know them. 2) We do know them, I have to stop saying, "How stupid can you be?" I think some people are taking it as a challenge

I consider the word Dodge on the front of my truck fair warning to jaywalkers.

What part of 01001110 01101111 don't you understand?

"Trust your gut" is terrible advice. How can I put trust in something that tells me to eat an entire pizza when I get drunk?, Gunfire has killed more Americans since 1968, than all the wars of this country’s history.

Couples are twice as likely to think about splitting between the winter holidays and Valentine’s Day than any other time of the year.

Some sex researchers say the maturity of a man can be judged by his underwear - Guys who wear “boyish” briefs may not be ready to grow up

There is an English word to describe that slight feeling of joy you get from the misfortune of other people - It’s “epicaricacy, Johnny Depp has played guitar for Oasis, Marilyn Manson and Aerosmith

The average American woman owns about 21 pairs of underwear - Approximately 10% of women own 35 pairs or more.

The cost of an average wedding is about $20,000 - The cost of an average divorce is also about $20,000, There is a small village named “Pussy” in France -- The people who live in the village are referred to as “Pussies.”

Drinking a banana milkshake can cure a hangover.

Within just 24 hours of it’s launch “Call of Duty: Black Ops 2” sold more than 5.6 million copies and generated more than $500 million

The Hunger Games” was the most talked about movie during 2012., Eminem gave Elton John a pair of diamond-studded penis rings as a wedding gift in 2005.

There’s a man who makes as much as $819 a week digging for gold and diamonds in the sidewalk cracks of NYC.

According to a National Survey on drug use, about 6,000 Americans try marijuana for the first time every day.
12. 

Watching a horror movie can burn up to 200 calories - The same as walking for half an hour, After the death of her husband, poet Percy Shelley, Mary Shelley (the author of Frankenstein) kept his heart wrapped in silk until she died.
Mixing alcohol and diet soda can actually make you drunker.

A study of 16,000 women found that females with more curves are smarter than those who weigh less.

Nearly every top McDonald’s monopoly prize from the years 1995 to 2000, were fraudulently won by a group of inside workers, I will do anything humanly possible to reach the remote without getting up

That horrifying moment when you check your phone and you have 30 missed calls from your parents

The awkward moment when someone catches you making faces in the mirror

The antioxidants found in bread crust can help combat and prevent cancer, That asdfghjksjdsl mood.

Alcohol and calculus don't mix so don't drink and derive

When you say you will do it tomorrow, face it you won't do it!

On a scale of one to Edward Cullen, how stalker-ish are you?, Drugs and alcohol are never the answer. Unless someone asks me, "What are you doing this weekend?"

I failed a safety test today. The question was what steps would you take to escape a fire. Apparently "Really Big ones" wasn't the answer.

China: 1.2 billion people. Only 50 last names

Dear parents, knocking WHILE you open the door to my bedroom kinda defeats the purpose of knocking. Sincerely, teenagers., Anyone else hate tomatoes but like ketchup?

I got kicked out of the library today..... for moving all the womens rights books into the fiction section

3 words that can change a person's mood: "Tomorrow is Monday."

My friends think my attention span is too short. Well, I don't see why, M-C-A! IT'S FUN TO STAY AT THE, Y-M-C-A, "I know God will not give me anything I can't handle. I just wish that He didn't trust me so much." - Mother Teresa

Dear spoon, I really don't give a fork. Sincerely, knife

It's nice to ask Google all your stupid questions & not be insulted for them.

A little bit of powder, a little bit of paint, makes a girl’s complexion seem what it ain’t, 3. If you keep trying so hard to be everything you're not, you'll miss everything you 

Today's decisions are tomorrow's realities. Remember you have 3 choices: take it, leave it or change it." - Marsha Petrie Sue
4. 
"Nobody really cares if you are miserable, so you might as well be happy." - Cynthia Nelms
5. 
"Women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition." - Timothy Leary, In Japan, you can buy watermelons shaped like cubes, hearts, and pyramids

The richest man ever lived Mansa Musa had a fortune of $400,000,000,000 at the time of his death in 1331.

In Japan, rail companies will fine the families of those who commit suicide by jumping in front of trains

In South Korea, those who did not receive any gift on Valentine's day go to a restaurant on 14th April (Black day) to eat black noodles, Money  can't buy love, but it improves your bargaining position.

Christopher  Marlowe, Love  will find a way through paths where wolves fear to prey.

Lord Byron, The  heart has its reasons of which reason knows nothing.

Blaise  Pascal, If  you have only one smile in you give it to the people you love.

Maya  Angelou, All  you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt.

Charles  M. Schulz, A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous.
Coco Chanel, The Valentine’s Day Blizzard of 07 dropped 3.5 feet of snow  from Feb. 12-15., According to The Zagat Survey 59% of respondents would rather dine out on another night, so why not avoid the hassle, expectations, and expenses that come along with Valentine’s Day?

But 43% of people do dine out to celebrate the Feast of Saint Valentine.

Valentine’s Day will reach $18.6 billion with the average person spending $130 on candy and gifts. Add that to the average expected dinner bill of $142 and you’ve got an incredibly expensive day on your hands
 
Remember Red Velvet Cupcakes only 99 Cents at Big Daddys, "Food To Un Die For" Big Daddys and Phantom Gourmet http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qdG-dPSlcc4, Happy Valentine’s Day 99 Cent Red Velvets Cupcakes for our Sweeties ( While Supplies Last), The awkward moment when you can't read your own writing and you're like "What did I just write?!,

If I died and went straight to hell, it would take me at least a week to realize I wasn't at work anymore.

Life is hard; it's harder if you're stupid." -John Wayne

1.23 billion chicken wings were devoured during the big game!, If you never jumped from one couch to another to avoid the lava, then you didn't have a childhood

No matter how much soda, candy or popcorn you buy, it will always be gone by the time the movie actually starts

Dear Math Book, Thank you for killing that spider. I knew you where good for something... Sincerely, Student

Russian Roulette: You win some, you lose one., "Mind your p's and q's" comes from when people would get rowdy at a bar, and the host would tell them to mind their pints and quarts

“Rule of thumb” came from beer brewers, who would stick their thumbs into the mix to find out if the temperature was right for adding yeast

Andre the Giant could drink 119 beers in six hours

In a poll of adults who drink, 54% of U.S men claim beer as their favorite alcoholic beverage compared to 27% of women, Once a year I do cardio, the other 364 days of the year I do couch squats

If Fed Ex and UPS were to merge, would they call lit Fed UP?

Lately I'm wondering how bad four years with no president would be

for the superbowl american consumed 1 billion dollars in snack food, A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable but more useful than a life spent in doing nothing." - George Bernard Shaw

HOW TO MAKE YOUR PARENTS THINK YOU'RE INSANE: Follow them around the house everywhere Moo when they say your name.

I get so emotional when you are not around. That emotion is called joy

The best way to get a woman to argue with you is to say something, Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on you again. And stop picking on me, I'm clearly an idiot.

If you love something let it go. If it comes back, maybe you love a boomerang.

I don't hate you. If you were on fire and I had water, I'd drink it

Life is hard when gas prices are higher than your GPA., Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can." - Richard Bach

Remember if people talk behind your back, it only means you're two steps ahead!" - Fannie Flagg

Do what you feel in your heart to be right - for you'll be criticized anyway." - Eleanor Roosevelt

Life is a cycle, always in motion, if good times have moved on so will times of trouble!" - Indian Proverb, Leftover Bacon" - a phrase you've never heard before.

Procrastinators of the world, UNITE! Tomorrow

If your parents never had children, chances are you won't either.

It is the greatest of all mistakes to do nothing because you can only do a little." - Sydney Smith, Ben and Jerry’s new flavor a scoop of law and order’s “special ’s Victims yogurt

I changed my car horn sound to gun shots, people move out of the way much faster now

Every female knows that one annoying boy who constantly asks "So when we gonna chill?"

When you choke a smurf, what color does it turn?, 75% of people have glossophobia, the fear of public speaking., searching plane tickets online, delete your cookies. Prices go up if you visit a site multiple times

Anger is such a wasted emotion. Half of the people you are angry with don't know it and the other half don't care about it.

I hate the new facebook chat, all it does is trick me into thinking my friends are online!

Dear Edward Cullen, You stay young forever and sneak into rooms of young girls? How original. Sincerely, Peter Pan., Drugs don't ruin your career. Drug tests do.

That stupid grin you can't get off of your face when you really like someone you are texting.

This milk expires tomorrow..... guess who's having 8 bowls of cereal tonight

You know it's time to go to sleep when you start dropping your phone on your face., Drugs don't ruin your career. Drug tests do.

That stupid grin you can't get off of your face when you really like someone you are texting.

This milk expires tomorrow..... guess who's having 8 bowls of cereal tonight

You know it's time to go to sleep when you start dropping your phone on your face., If A Rhino & a Pony had a baby, would that make it a Unicorn?

The last thing I do every night and the first thing I do every morning is check my phone.

I'm not lying, I'm just making the story better.

Respect old people: they graduated highschool without Google or Wikipedia!, words that kind of sound like harbaugh # 3 chutzpah

words that kind of sound like harbaugh # 5 raw bar

words that kind of sound like harbaugh # 10 hairball

Ever notice how the automatic flush sensors in public restrooms kinda look like hidden cameras?, We all have that friend who we can't be serious with.

S.T.U.D.Y = Sleeping, Talking, Unlimited Texting, Dreaming and Yawning.

ETC... simply means Ending of Thinking Capacity :)

words that kind of sound like harbaugh # 1 hoo- ha, Relationships used to be X's an O's , now its just Exes and Hoes

When you're walking then start texting and walk slower and slower and slower till you're just standing there texting.

Sorry your password must contain the entire alphabet, your left foot, a theme song to a television show, and the blood of your enemies

Retweet if you can't wait for Summer 2013., The awkward moment when you realize that every house has a particular smell, but you can’t smell the one at your house.

1 universe, 8 planets, 204 countries, 809 islands, 7 seas, 7 Billion people... and STILL SINGLE

Roses are red. Twitter is blue. I wanna get drunk and make bad decisions with you.

The awkward moment when Eminem raps faster than your internet speed., spread me on a cracker and put me on a trey, no way am I doing that

When I woke up today, I had no plans to be awesome, it just happened

That awkward moment when the garbage goes out more than you

Drunk people are the only honest ones left, Faking a smile has the ability to actually increase and boost your mood.

There’s a gay gun rights group named “Pink Pistols” - Their motto is “Armed gays don’t get bashed.”

Studies show that women are more attracted to men wearing blue, while men are more attracted to women wearing red

Dating specialists say that if a woman does not return a call after two messages, she’s not interested, The average person takes 23,000 breaths a day

If Mario (from the original Super Mario Bros) stood at 6 feet tall, he would have a jump height of 27 feet

7 in 100 men suffer from some sort of color blindness, but only 1 out of every 1,000 women suffer from it.

October 5th is America's most common birthday, Europe has banned more than half the cosmetics Americans use on a daily basis due to health risks

Beyoncés Halftime Show peaked at 268,000 tweets per minute - Last year’s Halftime Show peaked at 10,245 tweets per minute.

Korean high school students study for about 16 hours a day.

Natalie Portman studied psychology and neuroscience at Harvard, In 2011, researchers let 100 paper planes fly 23 miles above Germany - Since then, some have been found in Canada, USA and South Africa.

In Japan, women give men chocolates on Valentine’s Day. Men are supposed to return the favor a month later on White Day, March 14th

ESPN actually won an Emmy Award for the superimposed yellow line displaying the first down line for football games

About 79 million pounds of avocados were consumed during the Super Bowl, Britney Spears has the highest number of music videos pushed to late night due to explicit content - More than Marilyn Manson and Madonna
 
Every year, the U.S. congress plays a basketball game against one another: Democrats vs Republicans.

A “devil worm” has been found living about 2.2 miles below earth’s surface making it the deepest living animal ever found.

Beyoncé has been the most searched for person on YouTube so far this year, If alcohol isn't the answer, then obviously you're asking me the wrong question.

A day without Internet is like a year without rain.

Will Smith won the first ever Grammy awarded in the Rap category

Macklemore worked at a juvenile detention center to help the detainees express themselves by writing and creating rap lyrics, In Iowa, employers can fire any of their female employee for being too sexy or hot.

a kid holds the record for balancing 17 spoons on his face

The inventor of Rubik's cube himself took one month to solve it before introducing it to the world.

At Pittsburgh Children's hospital, window cleaners dress up as Spider-Man and Captain America to raise the spirits of the sick kids., Going to sleep with 2 socks on and waking up with just 1.

My friend said "Onions are the only food that can make you cry." That was before I hit him in the face with a watermelon.

You can be arrested and charged with driving under the influence (DUI) on a horse or a bicycle in the U.S.

Trees can send warning signals to other tree about insect attacks, You want confessions? Lock a person in a room with a laptop, a facebook account & a bottle of booze

I hate it when you have to be nice to someone you really want to throw a brick at.

Turning into a Ninja when your phone is ringing in another room

89% of the people fall in love, 64% out of them never get sure of the relation!, I get suspicious when I see "All of the above" on a test.

That awkward moment when everyone in class is laughing and your just like "What's so funny?"

Only a few people care. The rest are just curious.

I am the type of person who laughs at a joke for 3 times: 1) when it was told. 2) when it was explained. 3) when I finally get it., I'm not saying I am batman. I'm just saying no one has ever seen me and batman in the same room.

a relationship is like a shark, if you get too close it will kill you

That moment when you're about to leave the room, but an awesome song comes on and you have to finish listening to it.

Reading a quote on twitter and thinking "story of my life.", Oh, I'm a few minutes late to class? Please, stare at me like I just killed five people

Oh you miss me? I can tell by the way you ignore me

Never underestimate the power of an extremely pissed off woman

I will ignore you so hard, you will start to doubt your own existence, Oh, I'm a few minutes late to class? Please, stare at me like I just killed five people

Oh you miss me? I can tell by the way you ignore me

Never underestimate the power of an extremely pissed off woman

I will ignore you so hard, you will start to doubt your own existence, *does 5 situps* Me: where are my abs?"

Everything magically appears when your mom looks for it.

Biggest lie of all time: The doctor will be with you in a couple of minutes

Saying you'll wake up EARLY to get something done... then when you wake up, convincing yourself it's not important.., Peek-a-boo. I still hate you.

Twitter makes me want to have drinks with people I've never met, and Facebook makes me want to throw drinks at people I already know

Whenever I have a problem, I sing. Then I realize my voice is worse then the problem.

When I say "I wont tell anyone" My bestfriend doesnt count, *In school* Teacher: "Must be 5-10 sentences." Me: "Yeah, I'm only writing five then.."

I'm still waiting for the day that I will actually use x² + y +8 [(x + 2y ² = a-z] + 2x ³ + (- 2z = 2. 4) + 10y - 5Z ³= k= 9 in real life

Having those weird conversations with your friends and thinking, if anyone heard us right now they'd think we're crazy

When i was 5, sticking my tongue out was like giving someone the middle finger., Thank you Subs for being a Sandwich , A Battle ship, or a Teacher who just shows movies all day long, i don't have a dirty mind. I have a sexy imagination.

If Twitter were high school, I'd have perfect attendance

School for 12 years, college for 4 years, then you work until you die. Cool.

*Working hard on homework* Phone: 1 new message! *Picks up phone to reply and mom comes in* Mom: "So, You've been texting this whole time!, Who else does this? 1. wets toothbrush 2. puts toothpaste on toothbrush 3. wets toothbrush again 4. starts brushing teeth.

That awkward moment when you leave a store without buying anything and all you can think is “act natural, you’re innocent”.

I wish life had a "rewind-the-weekend" button

It takes me like 3 days to wake up in the morning, On average, happiness drops from around the age of 21 and doesn’t pick back up until the age of retirement.

Cream Soda is a different flavor and color in almost every country!

US Medium (M) shirts are larger than Extra Large (XL) Chinese shirts.

The most used 7 digit password is,1234567.8675309 is the 4th most common ,!the 1981 hit single ‘867-5309 Jenny’ by Tommy Tutone, Lindsay Lohan has a super bowl party every year, or as she calls it " an alibi"

Lindsay Lohan goes to court so much she has her own locker

Feeding lobster to prisoners in the 1800s was considered ‘cruel and unusual’ punishment!

It took Duffy 8 years and $40,000 to develop his new version of Velcro, 8x stronger than original, Jerry Jones OKs NFL to run extension cord from Cowboys Stadium over to Superdome.

Jim Harbaugh knocks out half the power in the Superdome trying to unplug the scoreboard

John Harbaugh is pretty sure someone swiped his team while the lights were down.

Deion Sanders changes name to Leon Sandcastle and gets drafted by Chiefs just to avoid his wife, Pilar, Ed Reed was not injured, just heard Beyonce was changing back stage.

False advertising, Coke. If we could really decide who wins in that commercial, it would be the hidden sniper.

It's like if One Direction were a bunch of black girls" - Explaining to 10 year old viewers what Destiny's Child was

Matthew McConaughey's voice tells us Reliant Energy just sent owner of Superdome a phone notification for excessive power usage, In 2011, it cost 2.41 cents to produce a penny and 11.18 cents to produce a nickel.

People who drink coffee are less likely to commit suicide than those who do not.

The root of the word "passion" is the Latin word "passio" which means "suffering."

Supplier says he never saw Ray Lewis use deer-antler spray. Ray Lewis has never seen God. Doesn't stop anyone's belief, In Germany, denying the reality of the holocaust is a criminal offense and can get you 5 years in prison.

Statistically, your chance of being murdered is 1 in 20,000.

Australia is the only continent without an active volcano.

Nearly 22,000 checks will be deducted from the wrong accounts over the next hour., That awkward moment when you’re just waking up from a dream and you’re not sure what’s real and what’s not

A snail that meows, a squirrel in an astronaut suit, a crab with a whale as a daughter, The creators of spongebob were obviously high.

Currently I don't have any vegetable jokes. But if I know one, I'll lettuce know

I get annoyed when people taking forever to order food while I'm in line, When I say "nevermind" I really mean "You should have listened the first time."

That awkward moment when someone is getting accused for something you did.

Look to the left. Now look to the right. I just virtually slapped you.

Using the word "Thingy" when you can't remember what something is called, Happy Chinese New Year!, If my mom saw my Twitter, she'd think I have serious problems.

Talking to a baby in his language to tease him.

My cell phone is pretty much my watch, camera, flashlight, calculator and so much more

Movies wouldn’t be half as scary or sad without the music, An arguement where you know you are wrong but still you want to fight.

Modifying the story and adding stuff to it just to make it more interesting.

Watching tv and suddenly realized someone is coming.. "TV switched off" "Books opened"

The moment when are talking to yourself and later on you realise someone was watching you over all the time., Wine & Food Phest March 2
 
Due to overwhelming demand, we're bringing the Phantom Gourmet Wine & Food Phest back to Boston on Saturday, March 2.  Ticket includes 42 outstanding wines and 10 of Phantom's favorite foods from area restaurants. Wine Snobs Need Not Apply. Full Press Release, My grandfather used to say: "P.G., never have a breakfast in a hotel." Was this good advice or bad advice? Phantom Gourmet Sunday 10:30 and 11AM on myTV38., Phantom Gourmet and Big Daddy's Pizza & Sub Shop shared a link.











Phantom Gourmet: Food To Undie For 
www.youtube.com.



Share




--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





Options


Phantom Gourmet

 
Everybody's favorite zombie show returns to TV today! See you at 10:30 & 11am on myTV38.

Like · · 93 · 2 hours ago ·, Dear LOL, thanks for being there when I have nothing else to say

No teacher, I don't know the answer, that's why my hand wasn't raised

If I don't practice the way I should, then I won't play the way that I know I can." - Ivan Lendl

All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing." - Edmund Burke, "It's not your circumstances that shape you, it's how you react to your circumstances." - Anne Ortlund

Was there ever a day that dawned more brightly than the day after a storm? Remember this next time it's raining

Don't let someone else's opinion of you become your reality." - Les Brown

Success is restricted only from those who restrict themselves from success." - Gillis Triplett, So spongebobs parents aren’t cookies, they’re mouldy sponges.

There's no ‘we’ in ‘bacon’.

The awkward moment when you're having an argument with someone and halfway through you realise you're wrong

That gangsta feeling when you rap your favorite song without messing up., Deval Laurdine Patrick has given Big Daddys Permission to open at 5:30 pm tonight deliveries too, There is a 9.7% increase happiness on Fridays compared to the most unhappy day of the week, Monday.

Applying a male’s underarm sweat to a female’s lips can help women relax, boost their mood and help regulate their menstrual cycle

Heavily hunted animals live in Chernobyl (the nuclear disaster site) because the lack of humans makes it safer for them.

Surgeons who play regularly play video games make 37% fewer errors and perform about 23% faster than their counterparts., That awkward moment when your best friend gets with your ex and expects you to be okay with it.

That awkward moment when someone says, "name a good song" & you suddenly forget all songs that were ever made

That awkward moment when you keep talking & you don't realize your friend walked away

The awkward moment when all the seats are taken and everyone is staring at you, That little tear that almost comes out your eye when you bite your tongue

I'm not totally useless. I can be used as a bad example.

don't know my friend's address, but I know exactly where their house is

Think of a number, double it, add six, half it, take away the number you started with. Your answer is three., Make love, not war. Hell, do both. Get married.

Mission Impossible - plugging your phone into its charger IN THE DARK.

Dear "cool people", They didn't name a candy after you, did they? Sincerely, Nerds

Holding your cat in the air while singing songs from "The Lion King, Who else speaks sarcasm as a second language?

If people winked in real life as much as they do in texts..... this world would be a pretty creepy place.

NEW!!! Davios Philly Steak & Cheese Spring Rolls Crispy Spring Rolls stuffed with Scrumptious Steak and Cheese - These babies totally rock

Why do women always ask questions that have no right answers?, Cameron Jibril Thomaz, better know as Wiz Khalifa smokes $10,000 worth of weed every month

It only costs Apple $168 to build an iPhone 5 16 GB -- The retail price in the market is $699.

Davios Philly Steak & Cheese Spring Rolls cost 30% less at Big Daddy's than at Davios & are delvered for Free

That moment when you clean your glasses and suddenly everything is in high definition, Drew Barrymore in the movie “50 First Dates” is based on a true story.

Michael Jackson desperately wanted to release the musical version of Harry Potter but J.K. Rowling turned down his offer

Drake finished his high school diploma at the age of 25 -- 10 years after dropping out.

Only after 8 years of inventing a telephone, in 1884, the first prank call was made., 36 Inches of Snow is On its way, We wil deliver as long as possible

Boston's record snowfall, 27.6 inches, came in 2003.

Blizzard of 1978, which dropped 27.1 inches

Airlines have already canceled nearly 2,500 flights for Friday, & 550 for Sat., Are you related to yoda? because yodalicious

I need you. I want you. I love you.... Food., I remember when Barbie was the only girl made of plastic

That moment when you try to sing both parts of a duet by yourself.

To Do List: 1] Buy a sword. 2] Name it kindness. 3] Kill people with kindness.

Proving a woman wrong is the most difficult thing in world, I will stop loving you, when Spongebob gets his driving license.

Sarcastic comment loading… ████████████ 97%. wait, just wait for it

I don’t think I could ever stab anyone, I mean, let’s be honest here, I can hardly get the straw through a Kool-Aid pack

Seriously, I feel like if you memorize an album, you should earn a free concert ticket, I hate it when you have to be nice to someone you really want to throw a brick at.

Speak English, kiss French, drive German, dress Italian, spend Arab, party Caribbean
3. 
I have to be funny, because looks aren’t an option.

You’re as useless as the ''ay'' in ''okay'', 1. When someone has a nickname, calling them by their real name doesn't sound right

I love how the Ninja Turtles wear masks to hide their identity. It's not like you're a giant turtle or anything

I hate math, but I love counting money.

When someone says "You just made my day," it makes my day, if you're talking behind my back that just means my life is obviously more interesting than yours

They say Marijuana is a gateway drug? To what? Taco bell?, NEW!!!!! Toasted Raviolis

22.2% less expensive than , and better , than Regina Pizzeria

Delicious Cheese stuffed raviolis that are both tender on the inside and a little crispy on the outside tossed with romano cheese and Served with Big Daddy's Homemade Marinara Sauce, Davios Philly Steak & Cheese Spring Rolls

30% Less Expensive than Buying them at Davios Steak House

Davios: Crispy Spring Rolls stuffed with Scrumptious Steak and Cheese - These babies totally rock and are served with Big Daddy's Homemade Marinara Sauce, And then Satan said, "Put the alphabet in math.."

I can't go to school mom. The blankets have accepted me as one of their own. If I leave now I might lose their trust.

Hush little white girl don't you cry, daddy's gonna buy you an iPhone 5

If I had a dollar for every bobby pin I've lost... I'd be one rich b, Best Threesome: Me. My Bed. My Pillow.

You could give me 43 years to do homework and I still wouldn't do it until the night before

If I had a dollar for every time I thought about you, I would start thinking about you.

You can't be old and wise if you were never young and crazy, 'Bathtub' spelled backwards is still 'bathtub'. It's not, but for a second there, you believed me...

Me opening the fridge: "Baby you light up my world like nobody else."

When life knocks me down, instead of getting back up I usually lie there and take a nap.

Pizza > people., I’m really good at keeping secrets because five minutes later I forget what you told me because I don’t care

How to prepare for exams: Cry

My music will tell you a lot more about me than my mouth ever could
4. 
My car broke down outside Pizza Hut last night. So I ordered a pizza to be delivered to my house and got a lift from the driver, People come and go but the internet is forever.

Around parents: Normal mode. Around friends: Silly mode. Around babies: Barney mode. Around crush: Retarded mode

Two blondes were driving to Disneyland. The sign said: "Disneyland Left", So they started crying and headed home.

School is pointless. English: We speak it. History: They're dead. Math: We have calculators. Spanish: We have Dora., Call Of Duty will really have a guy thinking about joining the army.... then you realize how many times you died.

Meowing at cats until they meow back.

I'm the kind of person who would come out of the gym... And go straight to McDonalds.

PE Teacher: why are you running so slowly.. Me: It does not matter how slow you go, as long as you do not stop - Wisdom of Confucius, Davios Philly Steak & Cheese Spring Rolls

30% Less Expensive than Buying them at Davios Steak House

Davios: Crispy Spring Rolls stuffed with Scrumptious Steak and Cheese - These babies totally rock and are served with Big Daddy's Homemade Marinara Sauce, NEW!!!!! Toasted Raviolis

22.2% less expensive than , and better , than Regina Pizzeria

Delicious Cheese stuffed raviolis that are both tender on the inside and a little crispy on the outside tossed with romano cheese and Served with Big Daddy's Homemade Marinara Sauce, 83% of prostitutes have Facebook pages

Some historians think Eleanor Roosevelt may have been in a same-sex relationship!

Adding the number 4 to the end of Facebook’s URL will automatically direct you to Mark Zuckerberg’s wall.

25 people on the iceland constitution council put their draft on Facebook for users to make suggestions about amendments, The "Quadruple Bypass burger" meal at the heart attact restaurant in las vegas surpasses 8,000 calories,

a las vegas hospital had to suspend workers who were betting on when their patients would die! 1 of the nurses was even accused of murder

A couple got murdered because they de-friended someone on Facebook

There is a "heavy equipment playground" in Las Vegas where you can drive bulldozers for FUN!, Having a slow Internet connection has got to be one of the most frustrating things ever

Monday: No. Tuesday: Ugh. Wednesday: Why. Thursday: Omg. Friday: Finally. Saturday: Yes. Sunday: Crying.

step 1: take out homework step 2: reward myself with 2 hours of internet for getting that far

Losing your phone is like losing your life., Google + Wikipedia = Homework

Me: Mom..Dad.. I decided to live on my own from now on. Them: Ok, cool. Me: Your luggage is outside.

I let the phone ring instead of rejecting the call because I don’t want the person to know I'm ignoring them

Perks of knowing me: You can stand beside me and look 100 times more attractive than you actually are., top lies from guys: I'm sorry, I love you, I won't hurt you. 3 top lies from girls: I'm fine, I'm not mad at you, I don't love you

Once a month, women go completely crazy for about thirty days

I love sleeping. Mainly because my life has the tendency to fall apart when I’m awake.

Any day when you can stay in pajamas the whole time is a good day, you're on twitter on a friday night? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! same.

I'm here on Twitter because my family is on Facebook.

When a girl says "no," a guy hears it as "try again tomorrow."

When I have a Sharpie in my hand, I just want to write everywhere, In 2002, there were no billionaires in China. In 2007, there were 106 billionaires

If i got paid to be annoying i'd be as rich as a Kardashian.

H.O.E = Hands On Experience

My Talents: speed texting, procrastination, and sarcasm., For the first time in U.S. history, more than half of all babies born in 2011 were nonwhite

Cows are able to sleep while standing up, but they can only dream when lying down.

Engineers have invented a bottle coating that makes thick sauces like ketchup pour as easily as milk

A U.S. dollar bill is .0043 inches thick. It takes 233 dollar bills to make a stack 1 inch high, The awkward moment when you're pretending you're talking to someone on the phone and then it rings.

Wow, you really going to fight with me on the internet? What's the worst you can do? Caps lock me to death?

Do the Chinese realize that when they're visiting America, they buy souvenirs made in their own country?

Those who kiss more frequently are less likely to suffer from stomach, bladder, and blood infections, When you lose your cellphone in your blankets and then have to throw the blanket around till it falls out.
8. 
That annoying moment when the person you hate is still breathing
 

If someone hates you for no reason, give that the a reason.

Friendship isn't about who you've known the longest. It's about who walked into your life, said "I'm here for you" and proved it., Me: *Breathes* Mom: I AM SICK AND TIRED OF YOUR ATTITUDE

My attitude in exams, they give me questions I don't know, I give them answers they don't know..

A relationship isnt like Twitter. you can't sign in and sign out whenever you want

Me: *Likes someone* Me: *Thinks I have a chance* Me: *Remembers what I look like* Me: *Cries*, Brb = Be Ready B

Dear Mom & Dad, thank you for all the good things you’ve done to me, I can never thank you enough

Cute underwear makes me happy.

Zac Efron could punch me in the face and I would thank him, NEW!!!!! Toasted Raviolis

22.2% less expensive than , and better , than Regina Pizzeria

Delicious Cheese stuffed raviolis that are both tender on the inside and a little crispy on the outside tossed with romano cheese and Served with Big Daddy's Homemade Marinara Sauce, Davios Philly Steak & Cheese Spring Rolls
Please choose a size:

30% Less Expensive than Buying them at Davios Steak House

Davios: Crispy Spring Rolls stuffed with Scrumptious Steak and Cheese - These babies totally rock and are served with Big Daddy's Homemade Marinara Sauce, Dear iPhone, I have typed "hahaha" like a million times, yet you continually give me "hagaha", "bahaha", "gagaha"... I hate you

Mirror: "You look cute today." Camera: "Lol, no." Instagram filters: "...Don't worry, I got your back."

When I try to wake up = I want to sleep again, When I try to go to bed = I'm wide awake

That awkward moment when you're at someone else's house and the toilet won't flush, If I don't mention you, then the tweet wasn't about you. But if the shoe fits, then lace that shoe up and wear it.

Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur, happy kitty, sleepy kitty, purr purr purr.

Yo momma so fat, her portrait fell off the wall.

Some people were dropped as babies. But YOU were thrown in the air, smacked by the ceiling fan, and tossed out of a window. so ugly., How am I supposed to make life choices when I still use my fingers to count and sing the whole alphabet to see what letter comes next?

I stopped understanding math when the alphabet decided to get involved.

If you were a vegetable you'd be a cabBITCH.

Me: " *types in password*, Password Doesn't Work" ** OMG I'M HACKED**.... *oh wait... never mind, CAPS LOCK WAS ON..*, I either eat nothing or eat everything there is no in between.

I am the uneven drawstring on the hoodie of life.

Don't leave room in your future for those who left you in their past.

New underwear is probably the most satisfactory purchase a girl can make, I either eat nothing or eat everything there is no in between.

I am the uneven drawstring on the hoodie of life.

Don't leave room in your future for those who left you in their past.

New underwear is probably the most satisfactory purchase a girl can make, NEW!!!!! Toasted Raviolis

22.2% less expensive than , and better , than Regina Pizzeria 

Delicious Cheese stuffed raviolis that are both tender on the inside and a little crispy on the outside tossed with romano cheese and Served with Big Daddy's Homemade Marinara Sauce, Davios Philly Steak & Cheese Spring Rolls
Please choose a size:

30% Less Expensive than Buying them at Davios Steak House 

Davios: Crispy Spring Rolls stuffed with Scrumptious Steak and Cheese - These babies totally rock and are served with Big Daddy's Homemade Marinara Sauce, Tropicana, Sierra Mist, Doritos, Mountain Dew, Gatorade and Aquafina are all owned by Pepsi

In 1948, the average price of a movie ticket was 36 cents.

What we wear affects the way people see us and how we think. This phenomenon is known as "enclothed cognition."

Choosing to spend money on experiences like trips, meals and concerts instead of material items means you're happier and probably cooler, If you multiply the number 21978 by 4, the product is the same number, but reversed

Pink Floyd’s “Dark Side of the Moon” spent 741 weeks on the Billboard charts from 1973 to 1988 - Longer than any other album in history

Slugs are attracted to the scent of beer so much that if you leave a cup of beer out, they will crawl in it and drown.
10. 
The muscles in the upper part of the face tend to move more when someone is lying, Being in a green setting or even glancing at the color green can make a person more creative.

Some people have a "natural alarm clock" allowing them to wake up when they want - This is actually caused by a stress hormone.
8. 
People who marry when they are over 25 years of age have a 24% decreased risk of divorce

Body language researchers suggest that if a woman crosses her legs while in conversation, she's probably not interested in you., Seriously, how can it be considered "stealing" when my neighbors WiFi signal was trespassing in MY house? I'm the victim here!


Big Daddy's In Phantom Gourmet Ad,, Take a Look http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qdG-dPSlcc4 … …


The actor who plays Creed Bratton in the U.S. version of "The Office" is actually Creed Bratton.


The "Last Name Effect" states that people with last names towards the end of the alphabet respond quicker to acquisition opportunities, I don't have a drinking problem. I have a drinking passion.

Checking your symptoms on Google and accepting the fact that you're going to die

Dear person blasting music from their car while they drive by: Wait! I like that song, come back!

If you watch Jaws backwards, its about a shark who throws up so many people, they have to open a beach., When choosing a ring tone, always ask yourself, "How embarrassed will I be when this rings in public?"

I'm having one of those days where my middle finger is answering every question.

Having a threesome tonight at my place. Just need 2 more.............. Ladies, call me!

When someone cancels on the last minute: " I Showered For You", Moonwalking away after mugging someone because you're a smooth criminal.

Shoving something into a cabinet, then quickly slamming it shut so it doesn't fall out.

Puts on too much lotion" You: oh crap *wipes half of it on the person next to you*

The awkward moment when you have to stare at a text for five minutes to figure out how to reply., When I was a kid, if you could go up the slide, you were cool.

I tried sniffing coke once, but the ice cubes got stuck in my nose.

That terrible feeling when your best friend is friends with your worst enemy.

That annoying family member that talks to you everytime you get on Facebook, 1. The toughest part of getting to the top of the ladder, is getting through the crowd at the bottom

You choose to act or procrastinate, believe or doubt, help or hinder, succeed or fail." - Lou Holtz

NEW!! Product alert Davios Philly Spring Rolls Stuffed w Steak and Cheese - These babies totally rock & served Homemade Marinara Sauce

Dear creepy noises, it's funny how you go away when my parents are back. Sincerely, home alone., I am Looking for a Bank which can "Give me a loan, and leave me alone!"

Yelling your own name during sex because your awesome.

The idiot in horror movies who suggests 'We should spilt up'

I hate having a conversation with someone and they don't even make eye contact because they're too busy texting, Dear Karma, I have a list of people you missed.

That awkward moment when you have a coughing attack in a silent room full of people.

The hardest part of being a kid was, opening a lollypop.

I hate mosquitoes just like everyone, but I love the fact that their presence allows me to slap anyone, at any time, for no reason at all, Dear Facebook, heard twitter is replacing you..... Karma is a b! Sincerely, Myspace.

I yawn all day at school. When it comes to the night, I'm not tired at all.

Twitter is now like home, if you don't come back in 24 hours it means you are either lost, dead, sick or had an accident.

What did the blanket say when it fell of the bed. Awww Sheet!, Typical ping pong game: 5% playing ping pong. 95% chasing the ball around the room

You know you're lazy when you get excited about cancelled plans.

That one annoying relative who comments on everything you do on Facebook.

You call it lazy, But I call it selective participation, The only man who never makes a mistake is the man who never does anything." - Theodore Roosevelt

Storms make trees take deeper roots." - Dolly Parton

I've learned that something constructive comes from every defeat." - Tom Landry

There's no reason to have a Plan B, because it distracts from Plan A." - Will Smith, Steve Jobs & Steve Wozniak prank-called the Pope with the 1st device they created, "the blue box". Wozniak pretended to be Henry Kissinger

Turn your face toward the sun and the shadows will fall behind you." - Maori Proverb

Unless a man undertakes more than he possibly can do, he will never do all that he can." - Henry Drummond
4. 
Building upon a shaky foundation is risky. Accept that there are things you will need to start over.", The country where "porn" gets searched the most often via Google Search is Papua New Guinea

Research In Motion (RIM), makers of Blackberry have just decided to rename the company from RIM to just Blackberry

I Restart The Song When I Miss My Favorite Part

In Asia, the number 4 almost never appears in any Nokia handset model number because it's considered unlucky in many parts, 1. One out of every three servers shipped worldwide is an HP server.

Antigua, blocked by the US from offering online gambling services, is setting up an online store for pirated music and movies

No one has received more U.S. patents than Thomas Edison – 1,093 to be exact.

Bill Hewlett won a coin toss against Dave Packard and that's why HP was called Hewlett-Packard and not Packard-Hewlet, To prepare for his role as Steve Jobs, Ashton Kutcher went on a fruitarian diet. He had to go to the hospital b/c his pancreas got sick

Suicides are most likely to occur on Monday.

Brazil is the first country in the world to totally ban indoor tanning for anyone of any age

Over 250,000 students around, 3 words, 8 letters... say it and I'm yours... "I got food."

That awkward moment when you were pretending to listen and now you realize a response is required.

Maintenance workers on the Golden Gate Bridge are first on the scene to talk down suicidal jumpers. They estimate having a 90% success rate

Only 26% of men and 17% of women wash their hands after using the bathroom., Is your face from McDonalds, cuz I'm loving it.

Smile more than you cry, give more than you take, and love more than you hate. ♥

The hardest thing is having to choose between internet and sleep.

Age 4: "I love Mommy." Age 16: "I HATE HER." Age 20: "Mom was right" Age 57: "I wish my Mom was still here." RT if you love your Mom..., I could never cheat in a relationship... That would require TWO people finding me attractive. I can barely find one

Elevator door doesn't open immediately. Sudden reaction: "TRAPPED FOREVER

That awkward moment when your mom compares you to another kid and she has no idea how much worse they are than you..

Wow, that's a nice looking pair of crocs!" - No one ever, If Monday were shoes, they'd be Crocs.

H.A.T.E.R.S = Having Anger Towards Everyone Reaching Success

Mom: Clean your room. We're having guests over for dinner. Me: I didn't realize that dinner will be held in my room.

That awkward moment when you can't decide if you're sad or mad., A soap called "Shower Shock" contains caffeine and supposedly gives you a caffeine kick as you take a shower

Those who kiss more frequently are less likely to suffer from stomach, bladder, and blood infections

Once you go Asian, you never miss an equation.

H.O.E = Hands On Experience, The whoopee cushion was invented by a Roman Emperor at age 14

It's been proven that kissing can help reduce the appearance of blemishes and acne

In a interview, Bill Gates told that he appoints the laziest person to do the hardest job, because they'll find an easiest way to do it.

Somniphobia" is the fear of sleep, love is composed of a single soul inhabiting 2 bodies

Japanese media reports adult diapers are increasingly popular among Japanese women who say wearing them saves them a lot of time.

Scientists estimate that 86% of land creatures and 91% of sea creatures remain undiscovered

Laughter helps kill viruses and tumor cells, Tom Kenny states that he came up with the voice for Spongebob after he heard an angry dwarf yelling

studies say it now cost 351,000 to raise a kid for 18 years

When kissing, high amounts of dopamine are released in the body - Effects are loss of appetite and inability to sleep (symptoms of love).

mama says pretty comes in all differnt sizes my size is cute,, honey boo boo, Our brains perceive difficult decisions (where we have many choices) as more important -- Causing to struggle over what sandwich to get.

Women are quicker at detecting danger before their periods.

80% of people in the world have low self-esteem, and when they do are more likely to put others down to make themselves feel better

We have warmer feelings toward words that useletters on the right side of the keyboard ,Words with a lefty bent are viewed as more negative, The Constitution only gives people the right to pursue happiness. You have to catch it yourself. Benjamin Franklin

Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go. Oscar Wilde

Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions. Dalai Lama, Dear Women, we don't know what we're thinking, so please stop asking us that. Love, Men.

How many girls does it take to change a light bulb? Three. One to change it, while the other two take pictures and put them on Facebook

Twenty years ago, we had Steve Jobs, Johnny Cash and Bob Hope. Now we have no jobs, no cash, and no hope.

o Happiness is like a kiss. You must share it to enjoy it. Bernard, Davio's Philly Steak & Cheese Spring Rolls

$7.49

The Same Hand rolled Crispy Spring Rolls stuffed with Scrumptious Steak and Cheese, that you get at Davio's Italian steakhouse for 30% less money than Davio's -

These babies totally rock and are served with Big Daddy's Homemade Marinara Sauce, Toasted Raviolis have come to Big Daddys

$6.99
Our New Raviolis are the Best in the area, And 22.2% ( my daughter loves 2s) less expensive than Regina's, and of course we deliver for FREE

Delicious Cheese stuffed raviolis that are both tender on the inside and a little crispy on the outside tossed with romano cheese and Served with Big Daddy's Homemade Marinara Sauce, 3. Medieval monks bitched a lot on the margins of books they wrote. 

Thirteen muscles are used to make a person smile :)

78% of people would rather die quickly than live in a retirement home

Hello, my name is what you'll be screaming tonight. ;), 1. environments and try to make changes in the world that they would like to see!

Minecraft has paired up with the United Nations for a game

Amazon sold enough HDMI cables during the holidays for 3 round trips to the Intl Space Station!

The average person will go on AT LEAST 100 dates before they finally marry!, The Milky Way is currently absorbing another smaller galaxy called “The Sagittarius Dwarf Elliptical Galaxy.”

Stolen iPhones (also known as Apple picking) account for 14% of all crimes committed in NYC last year, The awkward moment when your friend has a REALLY hot sibling and you want to tell them

Astronauts cannot burp in space because there isn't enough gravity to separate the gases from liquids in the stomach

Only about half of all men say they are satisfied with their size

The University of Victoria actually offers a course in the science of Batman, I use to put glue on my fingers and hand and wait for it to dry then peel it off anyone else..... just me?.....

I love Halloween. You get free candy without having to get into anyone's van.

Spiders - Natures reminder that we're all little girls

All the auto-tuning in the world will never sound as cool as talking into a fan, Realizing Sunday night that you have homework.

I can't just push the Elevator button once..... I need to push it like 5+ times!

Opening a box then realizing the other side said "pull here"

Twitter brings me news faster than CNN. #JustSaying, Discipline is remembering what you want." - David Campbell

A day without laughter is a day wasted." - Charlie Chaplin

"Most of the shadows of this life are caused by standing in one's own sunshine." - Ralph Waldo Emerson, Not all people are supposed to be loyal to you. Some are meant to come along as a reminder to watch the company you keep

"Life is something like a trumpet. If you don't put anything in, you won't get anything out." - William Christopher Handy

Even one small drop can make a ripple in the water, and one small decision can affect your life in the simplest way

Respect people who find time for you in their busy schedule. But love people who never look at their schedule when you need them.", men are Three times as likely to abuse alcohol

men are 10 times as likely to commit murder, Men are 10 times more likely than women to be murdered,

Even though there are 107 boys born for every 100 girls, the little guys are 25% more likely to die before they become toddlers., man are more likely to fall victim to loneliness than women

Boys in their teens are 4x more likely to drop out of school, and 75%+ of the special education kids in the United States are boys

men are 3 times more likely to be diagnosed with ADD or ADHD

men are Twice as likely to abuse drugs like cocaine and marijuana, Davio's Philly Steak & Cheese Spring Rolls

$7.49

The Same Hand rolled Crispy Spring Rolls stuffed with Scrumptious Steak and Cheese, that you get at Davio's Italian steakhouse for 30% less money than Davio's -

These babies totally rock and are served with Big Daddy's Homemade Marinara Sauce, Toasted Raviolis have come to Big Daddys

$6.99
Our New Raviolis are the Best in the area, And 22.2% ( my daughter loves 2s) less expensive than Regina's, and of course we deliver for FREE

Delicious Cheese stuffed raviolis that are both tender on the inside and a little crispy on the outside tossed with romano cheese and Served with Big Daddy's Homemade Marinara Sauce, Davio's Philly Steak & Cheese Spring Rolls

$7.49

The Same Hand rolled Crispy Spring Rolls stuffed with Scrumptious Steak and Cheese, that you get at Davio's Italian steakhouse for 30% less money than Davio's -

These babies totally rock and are served with Big Daddy's Homemade Marinara Sauce, Super Bowl Alert. 
 
From 4pm to  7pm on Super Bowl Sunday we are very busy.
 
Place your Super Bowl Food orders 
Ahead of time to insure prompt delvery, Toasted Raviolis have come to Big Daddys

 
 $6.99
Our New Raviolis are the Best in the area, And 22.2% ( my daughter loves 2s)  less expensive than Regina's, and of course we deliver for FREE
 
 
Delicious Cheese stuffed raviolis that are both tender on the inside and a little crispy on the outside tossed with romano cheese and Served with Big Daddy's Homemade Marinara Sauce, Swinging on a swing set for an hour burns about 200 calories.

Spongebob has worked at the Krusty Krab for at least 31 years., Swinging on a swing set for an hour burns about 200 calories.

Spongebob has worked at the Krusty Krab for at least 31 years., Before Michael Jackson’s “Billie Jean,” MTV did not air videos by black artists

Clean Slate is a charity in the U.S. that offers discounted tattoo removal for former gang members.

People are likely to spend more money in areas that smell good

Technically, a shoplifter can only be apprehended and approached once they have left the store - Outside. These rules are usually broken, That nervous feeling you get when you talk to someone you really like on the phone for the first time

"Toy Story 3" is the 5th highest grossing movie of all time - First is "Avatar."

About 86,000 people go to the ER after tripping over their cat or dog each year.

OMG 36% of young Japanese males consider themselves “herbivore men. Meaning they have no desire for a sexual relationship with either gender, Fake friends = Never ask for food. Real friends = the reason you don't have food.

Teacher: "YOU SHOULD KNOW THIS, YOU LEARNED IT 2 YEARS AGO!" , I don’t even remember what happened last week

My teacher is always talking to her imaginary friend named "class".

Drink until you're drunk then dance like it's not going on YouTube, I’ve decided to get in shape. The shape will be “potato”.

The awkward moment when even spellcheck doesn't know what you're trying to say

That nervous moment when the teacher asks 'Whats that in your hand?'

Teacher : " DO YOU WANT TO SPEND LUNCH IN MY OFFICe?!?!?!" Students: "Are you asking me out?", Everyone always says the book is better than the movie. Porn is the exception.

Dear Tequila, we had a deal last night. You were supposed to make me funnier, smarter and a better dancer. I saw the video, we need to talk.

The only yoga stretch I’ve perfected is the yawn.

There may be no excuse for laziness, but I'm still going to look anyway, When somebody says "10 years ago" I think about the 90's instead of 2002.

We can throw stones, complain about them, stumble on them, climb over them, or build with them." - William Arthur Ward

A man who has committed a mistake and doesn't correct it, is committing another mistake." - Confucius

"I have found that if you love life, life will love you back." - Arthur Rubinstein, bet you will read this twice, By the way, You read it wrong.

India has a Bill of Rights for cows.

I let the phone ring instead of rejecting the call because I don’t want the person to know I'm ignoring them

If your girlfriend is not a Psycho then she isn't in love, 1% battery left and you run like a ninja to get your charger

People: "I love it when my boyfriend tells me he loves me." Me: "I love it when my microwave tells me my food is ready.

Life is weird. You can go from being strangers. To being friends. To being more than friends. To being pratically strangers again

Vodka mixes well with everything, except decisions., There is a neurological condition called "Synesthesia" in which a patient can actually see, smell and taste lyrics while listening to music.

You say I’m "Dirty minded" but then how did you understand what I meant?

What the heck does the "z" in "LOLZ" mean.... "Laugh Out Loud.... Zebras?

The awkward moment when you realize that every house has a particular smell, but you can’t smell the one at your house., In 2005 in Turkey, a sheep committed suicide by jumping off a cliff and 1500 sheep followed the first one.

Hitler, in WW1 trimmed his handlebar moustache into his famous tooth brush style because his previous style didn't fit into the gas mask.

There is a mathematical formula which calculates how attractive your bum is

Sesame Street songs were played over and over again to torture and interrogate prisoners at Guantanamo., Davio's Philly Steak & Cheese Spring Rolls
 
 $7.49 

The Same Hand rolled Crispy Spring Rolls stuffed with Scrumptious Steak and Cheese, that you get at Davio's Italian steakhouse  for 30% less money than Davio's  -
 
 These babies totally rock and are served with Big Daddy's Homemade Marinara Sauce, If you search the phrase "Completely Wrong" in Google Images, it will bring up a page full of images of Mitt Romney

The girl playing Carol in movie “Poltergeist” died at age of 12 due to a medical error and is now believed to haunt the Paramount Pictures

If you watch all the movies from the SAW movie franchise, it'd take you a total time of 666 minutes

Hogwarts headache is a medical term used for headache due to spending many hours reading an unusually long volume such as Harry Potter books, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qdG-dPSlcc4, We live in a world, where weapons are legal, but weed isn't.

When you are lazy to pick up something so you just use your feet as your hand

If you're texting two people at the same time you are biTextual

If my room is clean, it means that Twitter isn't working, There’s no panic like trying to press “End Call” when you make an accidental call

Wouldn't it be ironic if a water park burned down?

Sadly, no matter how many times you say "Okay" your parents will keep on talking

I wonder if anyone ever goes "HEY, I SO WANNA BUY THAT TOOTHBRUSH" just after watching the TV commercial., The awkward moment when your parents don't appreciate the hilarious child they have been blessed with.

That awkward moment when you don't know any of the Trending Topics

Laughing at your own joke so hard that you can barely tell it.

The awkward moment, never make the same mistake twice. I make it like five or six times, you know, just to be sure

Dear homework, They may be doing you, but all they think about is me. Sincerely, summer.

Serial killers rarely answer questions like, “Who’s There?”

Dear freezer, You make me so hard. Sincerely, water, In the 1970s, in order to stop kids from sniffing airplane glue, manufacturers added an intense oil of mustard to the formula

There are 1.7 million homeless youth under 18 in the US. The #1 request? Jeans. Donate yours & help today.

That frustrating moment when you've ALMOST finished your bowl of flakes, and the last 5 are like: "Catch me if you can

There are only 2 types of honest people in this world..... small children and drunk people., NEW!!!!! Davios Philly Steak & Cheese Spring Rolls

 Crispy Spring Rolls stuffed with Scrumptious Steak and Cheese - These babies totally rock and are served with Big Daddy's Homemade Marinara Sauce, The world’s third biggest film industry is in Nigeria!
 
The more you hug your children, the happier they will be as adults. These moments count
9. 
A standard size slinky comprises 8 feet of wire.

The ingredient believed to give clay its unique smell is vanilla, We're not lost, we're on an adventure

I Speak Fluent Sarcasm

Hates when you are mad at someone and they make you laugh.!

There is at least 1 person i can never stay mad at no matter how hard i try, Ashton Kutcher studied biochemical engineering in college, before dropping out to become a model and actor

Taylor Swift first picked up a guitar at age 10 when a computer repair man showed her how to play three chords

My level of sarcasm is to a point where I don’t even know if I’m kidding or not.

Too bored to stay home. Too lazy to go out., Beethoven cut the legs off his piano and placed it on the floor to feel the vibrations

Freddie Mercury painted all of his cats on one of his coats, phoned them for hours while touring, and dedicated an album to them.

The guy who invented Frisbee was cremated and made into frisbees after he died.

Benjamin Franklin was an advocate of “air baths”, during which he would spend up to an hour reading or writing in his house completely naked, Hong Kong" is the only known place name which can be said without moving your tongue and lips

King of Movie Deaths is John Hurt, whose characters have ended up 6 feet under in at least 40 movies and miniseries since his career began

2-3 passionate kisses a day strengthen your metabolism and you are less likely to suffer from stomach diseases.

Keanu Reeves gave away almost all of his earnings from the Matrix to the special effects team, turning them all into millionaires, 1. Amazon is releasing a smartphone in mid 2013.

Google Glass is a headset that connects to your phone via Bluetooth and projects an image in front of your eye of what is on the screen
2. 

Which Hairstyles Will Get Guys to Notice You? long hair , Sideswept Bangs
3. 

A bolt of lightning can raise your body temperature more than the surface of sun and a man named, Roy Sullivan, has survived it 7 times, Antigua, blocked by the US from offering online gambling services, is setting up an online store for pirated music and movies

No one has received more U.S. patents than Thomas Edison – 1,093 to be exact.
4. 

Bill Hewlett won a coin toss against Dave Packard and that's why HP was called Hewlett-Packard and not Packard-Hewlet
5. 

The country where "porn" gets searched the most often via Google Search is Papua New Guinea, I don’t remember ever agreeing to this ‘school’ thing. It was probably in the terms and conditions

Before you “assume” try this crazy method called “asking”.

The librarian Jean Armor Polly coined the phrase "surfing the Internet" in 1992

One out of every three servers shipped worldwide is an HP server., Alcohol: Because no great story ever started with someone eating a salad

I don't hate you, it's just, if you were on fire... I would roast marshmallows..

If the whole world smoked a joint at the same time, There would be world peace for at least two hours. Followed by a global food shortage

Fake friends believe in rumors. Real friends believe in you, The High-Five was invented by a gay man! 

Today's Facebook users change their profile pictures 3 times as often as they did in 2006. 

On Facebook, users average a separation of only 3.74 people! 

About 20% of all photos this year will end up on Facebook, My therapist says I am socially awkward because I always misunderstand what people mean. I'm pretty sure she wants me.

Cool things only happen when I DON'T have a camera.
3. 
Making up a whole story in your head, and hoping one day it will actually happen.

I love doing my laundry and finding money that I didn't even know I had., you meet people in your life who  should come with a warning label.

Before Facebook, I had told maybe six people "Happy Birthday," ever

Why I turn on the tv: 10% to watch shows. 90% to use it as background noise so I feel less lonely while I'm on the Internet.

When it comes to relationship, my girlfriend is definitely 'the one'. On a scale of 1 to 10, The original name for the Disney Channel character “Hannah Montana” was actually “Alexis Texas.”

Leonardo Da Vinci had such a love for animals, he would often buy animals he saw caged, just so he could set them free.

Movie theaters markup the price of popcorn by an average of 1,275%

The average high school student has the same level of anxiety as the average psychiatric patient would in 1950s, Ostriches have been known to sometimes kill lions instead of trying outrun them.

The first movie to use the word “vagina” was actually a 1946 Disney film called “The Story of Menstruation.”

Jellyfish evaporate in the sun because they are 98% water.

There are no words in the English language that rhyme with purple, orange, silver or month., http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qdG-dPSlcc4, Shutting the computer off and realizing you need it again.

Writing down your negative thoughts and tossing them in the garbage can actually erase your bad mood!

Researchers have found that our Milky Way galaxy contains at least 100 billion planets, many of which can support life

Suicide is the leading cause of death for people in Japan under the age of 30, Saying "OKAY" just to get your parents to stop talking.

Twitter: That fine line between a "think tank" and a "drunk tank."

There's always that one song that fits the situation a little too perfectly.

An ugly personality can't be photo-shopped, Tell a girl a million times shes not fat... She'll never believe you... Call her fat once she'll never forget it

Having sex in a car with the seatbelt on does not mean you are protected.

I hate texting with my frozen fingers when it's cold outside

My computer is basically useless when it's not connected to the internet., Every pretty girl has an ugly friend. If you don't have an ugly friend then... this is awkward.

I must be getting old, I was watching porn the other day and I thought to myself, WOW thats a pretty nice bed.

Some women are terribly hard to please, ... . . . . . the rest are Impossible

Wives are indeed a Sex Object. Whenever husbands ask for Sex they Object, Am i the only one who sits in the car when it rains, picks a raindrop, and cheers for it to beat all the other ones to the bottom?

Yawn - The only time some married men ever get the opportunity to open their mouth

Dear Girls, please bring your own jacket, we get cold too. Sincerely, all Boyfriends

Its difficult 2 understand GOD, He makes beautiful women and then he turns them into neighbors Wives, Things I wish were real: 1) Krabby Patties. 2) Jimmy Neutron's inventions. 3) A school like PCA 4) Hogwarts. 5) Timmy Turner's goldfish

That awkward moment when you can't tell whether someone is a boy or a girl

IF YOU DON'T HAVE ANYTHING NICE TO SAY, come sit by me and we can make fun of people together

If you play with my hair until I fall asleep I will fall in love with you, NEW!! Product alert Davios Philly Steak & Cheese Spring Rolls

Same Great Davio Spring Roll BUT 30% Cheaper than Davios & Free Delvery

Crispy Spring Rolls stuffed with Scrumptious Steak and Cheese - These babies totally rock and are served with Big Daddy's Homemade Marinara Sauce, You cry, I cry, …you laugh, I laugh…you jump off a cliff I laugh even harder!!

Only at Mcdonalds do they say, "Sorry about your wait" and really mean "weight."

Knock Knock. "Who's there?" Doorbell Repairman.

Hey, did you ask yet?" "No, my moms in a bad mood.", NEW!!  Product alert Davios Philly Steak & Cheese Spring Rolls
 
Crispy Spring Rolls stuffed with Scrumptious Steak and Cheese - These babies totally rock and are served with Big Daddy's Homemade Marinara Sauce, You cry, I cry, …you laugh, I laugh…you jump off a cliff I laugh even harder!!

Knock Knock. "Who's there?" Doorbell Repairman.

Hey, did you ask yet?" "No, my moms in a bad mood."

A duck walks into a bar. Animal control is promptly called and the duck is released in a nearby park, More than 50% of college students never graduate.

45% of people believe in ghosts.

If you search 241543903 in Google images, you'll find tons of pictures of people putting their heads in the fridge.

Research shows men who marry younger women live longer., If you sneeze while driving at 70mph, you will have traveled about 300 feet with your eyes closed

The farther back you sit on an airplane, the greater your odds of survival in the event of a crash.

84% of women like men in pink T-Shirt. But ironically, 87% of men in pink T-Shirt don't like women.

Many believe that birth marks are where you were killed in your last life, Big Daddy's In Phantom Gourmet Ad,, Take a Look

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qdG-dPSlcc4, Humpback whales have been known to form lifelong friendships and visit their pals each year.

If you rearrange the letters in "The Titanic disaster" you get, "Death, it starts in ice". Coincidence? Probably

The Patriot , Thanksgiving sandwich $ 7.74 100% Real Turkey Breast; Juicy and Delicious With homemade stuffing, Cranberry Sauce,

Approximately 1 billion people (about 1/7 of the world) go to bed hungry every night., People who have perfect bodies but eat junkfood and don’t exercise is the reason I hate everyone..

There's no "we" in food. Get from me.

1) I woke up. 2) Went to school. 3) I saw him. 4) I ran to him and hugged him. 5) I kissed him. Actually, the right order is 2,3,4,5,1.

Fi yuo cna raed tihs whit no porlbem, yuo aer smrat. Rtewete fi yuo aer smrat., Are you single?" "No, I'm plural." "No, I meant are you free this Friday?" "No, I'm expensive."

1. Say "Dale!" 2. Mumble 3 Spanish words 3. List 4 cities. Congratulations, you just made a Pitbull song.

Clapping the longest during the assembly because you're a fearless
8. 
I never finish my eraser because it is either stolen, lost or cut in half., Girl's eyebrows nowadays look like Nike signs.

You'll never love yourself half as much as I love you" - One Direction

My maturity level depends on who I'm with

My ex? Yea I'd hit that... with a car, Spongebob will get his license before Taylor Swift finds love.

Roses are red, violets are blue, faces like yours belong in the zoo. Don't be mad, I'll be there too. Not in the cage but laughing at you.

Do not touch MY iPhone. It's not an usPhone, it's not a wePhone, it's not an ourPhone, it's an iPhone
4. 
That moment when you have so many things to do so you decide to take a nap instead, Fresh Fried Dough "Bites" A Phantom Gourmet Best! Our signature Dessert is brushed w Butter, dusted with Powdered Sugar, a hint of Cinnamon

If weed is ever legalized, I can't wait to see the commercials

When I have money, I have nothing to buy. When I don't have money, I want everything.

I hate when I'm singing and some idiot thinks they can join in with me... this is not High School Musical., In Italy, people wear red underwear on New Year’s Day as a symbol of good luck for the upcoming year

According to this survey, 40 to 45 percent of American adults make one or more resolutions each year

Ancient Romans had tools like Swiss Army Knives

A new iPhone app called Condom Size lets guys measure themselves. Best of all? It comes with a leaderboard so you can see how you stack up, I want to meet the teenage versions of my parents

Do you ever just want to scream “NO ONE LIKES YOU” in someones face, When I see your face I think... "Man, I need to give your parents some condoms so THAT doesn't happen again."

Hearing a song you really like on the radio and trying to remember part of the lyrics so you can Google it when you get home.

I never argue, I just explain why I'm right
13. 
Best friends are the siblings from different parents., Immature: A word boring people use to describe fun people.

When nobody's there for you I will -Food

I've really never heard a baby say Goo Goo Gaga

When you're at the top of a roller coaster, Life JUST GOT REAL!, We all have that one friend whose dad scares the h-ll out of you

That awkward moment when you don't wanna come out of you're room because your parents have visitors over

I love when I hear a song from years ago and remember all of the lyrics

Your momma is So stupid,, she puts Lipstick on her forehead to "Make up" her mind, I HATE it when my mom's mad at my sibling, so she decides to get mad at me too.

Awkwardly putting a dish in the sink while a person is washing the dishes. And staring at you like "REALLY?"

There's only one of me. So therefore I'm an endangered species. :D

Randomly remembering good times and smiling like an idiot., Yes, I've made mistakes. Life doesn't come with instructions

Filet Mignon Steak Tips Perfectly Marinated, Tender Cuts of Beef, Grilled Juicy and Delicious. Served over Homemade Rice + 1 more side

Facebook is my Friends. Youtube is my Voice. Google is my Brain and Twitter is my Heart.

Opinions are like orgasms, as long as I get mine, I dont care if you have one, Big Daddy and Phantom Gourmet.....Enjoy the Pizza  The Phantom did


http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qdG-dPSlcc4, ☯ "Miracles Come in Moments. Be Ready & Willing" ~Wayne Dyer

If you understand, things are just as they are; if you do not understand, things are just as they are." ~Zen Proverb
7. 
Everything we want is on the other side of fear. ~ #quote @RockChristopher

My door was closed when you came in, so I expect it to be that way when you leave., There is a time for many words, and there is also a time for sleep. ~ Homer

Happy are those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true.~ Leon Suenes

The only difference between me and a madman is that I'm not mad. #quote Salvador Dali

Relativity applies to physics, not ethics." -Albert Einstein, Vodka is made from potatoes. Which means “Once upon a time” someone looked a potato and figured out how to drink it. GENIUS.

It's funny how fast you can wake up when you realize you've overslept.

How long a minute is depends on which side of the bathroom door you are on

Avatars are just fully grown Smurfs., "Do what you say so others will say what you do." -Robert Connelly

Fresh Popcorn Chicken, The Best you have tasted Tender, Juicy Nuggets of Chicken Breast made with our special coating and cooked to order

Every man is his own chief enemy. ~Anacharsis

"The truth of a thing is the feel of it, not the think of it." ~Stanley Kubrick, Oh, you didn't get a text back after 4 minutes? You should send a question mark, that'll help

That awkward moment when someone says "OH MY GOSH, YOU TWO SHOULD DATE!" and you're sitting there like, "I wish."

I prefer not to think before I speak. I like being just as surprised as everyone else by what comes out of my mouth

The Big Daddy - Steak Deluxe $7.74 Lots of Grilled Steak With Fresh Mushrooms, Peppers, Onions, and melted Land O' Lakes American Cheese, Sorry, I can't hangout. My uncle's cousin's sister in law's best friend's insurance agent's roommate's pet goldfish drowned. It was tragic

Life and beer are very similar……..chill for best results.

Chicken Parmesan Sub $7.74 **WINNER OF THE PHANTOM GOURMET'S GOLDEN SANDWICH AWARD** Available Healthy-Style with Fresh Grilled Chicken

Immature? Please... I'll act my age when I'm 69
2., Strawberry Vanilla Cupcake
 

$0.99  while supplies last
 

Vanilla Cake With Fresh Strawberries Topped With Butter Cream And Preserved Strawberries, Feral Child" a human who has been raised by animals or any non human entity, more than 100 cases of such human have been documented so far.

A woman attempted suicide by jumping from the 86th floor of the empire state building, a sudden gust blew her right back onto the 85th floor

In 2006, a Sudanese man named Charles Tombe was forced to marry a goat, after he was caught having sex with the animal.

The full name of the character Arnold from Nickelodeon's Hey Arnold is "Arnold Shortman"., In 2002, on the first anniversary of 9/11, the winning numbers drawn in the New York Lottery were 911

The food inmates get in jail is more nutritious than the food served in school cafeterias

Women who play online games have more sex and tend to be more happy in their relationships than those who don't, a study suggests
4. 
McRib buns contain a chemical "azodicarbonamide" which is also used to make yoga mats and the soles of shoes, Feral Child" a human who has been raised by animals or any non human entity, more than 100 cases of such human have been documented so far.

A woman attempted suicide by jumping from the 86th floor of the empire state building, a sudden gust blew her right back onto the 85th floor

In 2006, a Sudanese man named Charles Tombe was forced to marry a goat, after he was caught having sex with the animal.

The full name of the character Arnold from Nickelodeon's Hey Arnold is "Arnold Shortman"., I'd rather look back at my life and say "I can't believe I did that" instead of saying, "I wish I did that."

I have more conversations in my head than I do in real life.

I don't care how old I am. If I lose my mom in the supermarket I will panic

Wrap rage" is an actual condition, when you feel extreme levels of anger and frustration because you are unable to open product packaging., Scientists have determined that counting sheep does not help you fall asleep - But, visualizing a calming landscape will help

The average person wakes up about 6 times every night.

Forgiveness actually has health benefits! It can reduce the risk of heart attacks and slow the spread of cancer, Paul McCartney's first name is James.

If Bart Simpson were a real person, he would be 34 years old.

Scientists suggest that the average person will fall in love seven times before they get married

A snail can stay asleep for 3 whole years., About 1 in 5 long term relationships began with one or both partners being involved with someone else
7. 
Falling in love raises levels of nerve growth in a person's brain for about a year and can improve their memory.

Studies show that before we even speak, the way we stand (slouched or not) counts for over 80% of a first impression

For about $2,200 you can get a gold iPad2. You can also get a platinum one for $2,400., randy jackson has Been the Best American Idol Judges?

Saddam Hussein was forced to watch the South Park movie over and over again after he was captured

The difference between a “gift” and a “present” is that a gift is simply given, while a present must be “presented.”

Zebras are actually black, with white stripes - If you were to shave one, it would be completely black, There are about 73,500 Gangnam Style parody videos on YouTube

Male puppies purposely let female puppies win when playing with each other

The French equivalent of ‘LOL’ is ‘MDR’ or“mort de rire” which actually means “dying with laughter.”

The oldest cat on record is 38 years old, I don't hate school I just hate the teachers, the homework, the exams and waking up in 

I hate it when someone is only nice to me because she/he wants something.

Going out, partying every night and hangovers. Reality: Stay at home, eating, sleeping, and internet

Attractive people are easier to read and understand. People are more likely to positively judge an attractive person., crush which only you and your friends know

Did you just say “Drug Test”? H-LL YEAH! What drugs we testing?

Dear Encyclopedia, Hahahahahahaha. Sincerely, Wikipedia.

I watched Transformers 3 today. I spent hours in my garage telling my car he can transform when he ready. He's shy, That awkward moment when someone says they wanna hang out, And you have to quickly think of an excuse not to.

When you accidentally hit the backspace button & it takes you back to the previous page while you were typing something long.

The French Resistance cut the elevator cables to the Eiffel Tower to keep Hitler from visiting it during his visit when Paris fell

NFL Stadiums have to be built North to South!, Phones get thinner and smarter. People get fatter and stupid

If NASA Scientists are so smart, why the hell do they count backwards?

      Dear Internet Explorer, Thank you for being the #1 browser that people use to 

Silly phone, that wasn't a "missed" call. That was a "Looked And Saw Who It Was And Pressed Ignore" call, Crystal Harris is Hef's third wife

Alligator blood may hold the key to cure a lot of diseases thought to have no cure!

Marriage: Betting someone half your stuff that you'll love them forever.

Are you as bored as I am?" Read that backward, and it still makes sense!!, Japanese media reports adult diapers are increasingly popular among Japanese women who say wearing them saves them a lot of time., Phones get thinner and smarter. People get fatter and stupid

If NASA Scientists are so smart, why the hell do they count backwards?

Dear Internet Explorer, Thank you for being the #1 browser that people use to download a better browser. Sincerely, Firefox and Chrome

Silly phone, that wasn't a "missed" call. That was a "Looked And Saw Who It Was And Pressed Ignore" call, Crystal Harris is Hef's third wife

Alligator blood may hold the key to cure a lot of diseases thought to have no cure!

Marriage: Betting someone half your stuff that you'll love them forever.

Are you as bored as I am?" Read that backward, and it still makes sense!!, Hef's inspiration came from the first Kinsey Report

The longest field goal in NFL history was kicked by a man who had only half a foot!

There's a group of "Science Cheerleaders," former NFL and NBA Cheerleaders who go around getting people interested in science!

Hef quit as a copywriter for Esquire,mortgaged his furniture for $600 & got $8,000 from 45 different investors, including $1k from mom, The Playboy Mansion has a zoo license

Hef has an IQ of 152

Hef owns the letter "Y" from the original Hollywood sign

Hef's parents were strict Methodists, The awkward moment when you're enjoying the cartoon more than the child sitting next to you.

Sex without protection is magic . Why? Because the baby appears, and the father disappears

Hefner owns the crypt next to Marilyn Monroe

there's an actual species of bunny out there that owes its name to Heffner Sylvilagus Palustris, Girls don't dress to impress boys, they dress to "out-dress" other girls. If they were trying to impress boys they'd just run around naked

Roses are red, violets are blue. I hate flowers and I hate you too.

That awkward moment when you're left alone with someone you just met.

Being a person is getting too complicated. Time to be a unicorn, abc = always be closing

There's "hell" in hello, "good" in goodbye, "lie" in believe, "over" in lover, "end" in friend, "ex" in "next", & "if" in life.

Some people need to realize that Facebook is a social network, not a diary

If you're talking behind my back that just means my life is obviously more interesting than yours., Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans." -John Lennon

☯ "Most of us Use our Heads way too much &amp; Don't Listen to our Hearts." ~Wayne Dyer

@ImDaPope nope just love hefner :)

Google + Wikipedia = Homework, Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep." Scott Adams

A man cannot be comfortable without his own approval. ~ Mark Twain

A man who is a master of patience is master of everything else." George Savile

☯ "Use Every Opportunity to Radiate Joy!" ~Wayne Dyer, Worry is like a rocking chair; it gives you something to do but gets you nowhere." -Glenn Turner

You can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get." - Michael Phelps

People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing ~ that's why we recommend it daily. ~ Zig Ziglar

It's not your job to like me - it's mine." - Byron Katie, The greatest danger to our future is apathy." Jane Goodall

I awoke this morning with devout thanksgiving for my friends, the old and the new. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

A strong, positive self-image is the best possible preparation for success. Joyce Brothers

"I would like to paint the way a bird sings." Claude Monet, Men have dreams about other men 70% of the time, while women dream about both genders equally

According to a Florida State University experiment, 75% of men would agree to sleep with a stranger

Risky behavior is contagious. Our bodies can detect this in the sweat of others near us, causing us to feel anxious and risky also.

When Justin Bieber was 11 he got arrested for possession of marijuana., More people die from human bites in South Africa than from snake bites

The average couple bickers about 2,455 times a year.

Hopeful people are more likely to eat fruit, while happy people tend to prefer candy bars

Chimpanzees, sea lions, and elephants all have better memories than humans, Cursing after hurting yourself can help reduce the amount of pain you feel by up to 50%.

A “moment” technically means 90 seconds.

Mosquitos are more attracted to the scent of smelly feet.

Splenda is actually 600 times sweeter than sugar, People with blue eyes are more intelligent and perform better in their academic careers than people with brown eyes

Passionate kissing involves 30 facial muscles -- Frequent kissing keeps them in shape and prevent saggy cheeks.

The world's fastest broadband Internet connection (40 Gigabits per second) is owned by a 75 year old woman in Sweden

The 10 billionth song on iTunes was downloaded by a 71 year old man, Steve Jobs personally called him and gave him $10'000 iTunes Prize., Every elder brother is 33% more likely to be gay than the very next younger brother

A research by OkCupid in 2010 concluded that iPhone users get laid twice as much as Android and Blackberry users.

The slang term "Crunk" used for someone who is under the influence of both marijuana and alcohol i.e Chronic plus Drunk = Crunk

An F1 car was engineered to compete in speed with a fighter jet!, When a movie says "based on a true story" its automatically 100 times scarier

Paranormal Activity was made with a budget of $11,000 and it has earned more than $65 million worldwide

SpongeBob is 26 year old, he was born on July 14, 1986 according to his driving license

People who went around correcting other people’s grammar are actually suffering from a form of OCD -- Grammar Pedantry Syndrome, Definition of Human Being: A creature that cuts trees, makes papers and writes "SAVE TREES" on it.

That amazing moment when you got a question wrong on a test but your teacher accidentally marked it correct

Dear Yahoo!, It's so cute how you keep trying... Sincerely, Google.

That song on your iPod you always skip but never delete, At what age do you just accept that your current haircut will be the one you have for the rest of your life?

5 most annoying words after a break up "Are you mad at me?". No!!! I'm perfectly HAPPY you broke my heart

What's that! An earthquake?" "YES!! RUN!!!""OMG, WAIT" *Runs to the computer and writes on Twitter* "EARTHQUAAAAAAKE!!"

Picking the most random username and thinking “How the heck does someone else have this!?!”, I feel ashamed saying the email address I made when I was ten, out loud.-but still use it

I forget that it's still day time when I come out of the Cinema.

That awkward moment when you realized you've spent your whole summer on the internet

That awkward moment when you add a new profile picture & someone Likes your old one, Life is very interesting… in the end, some of your greatest pains become your greatest strengths." - Drew Barrymore

Overcome the notion that you must be regular. It robs you of the chance to be extraordinary." - Uta Hagen

Everything we want is on the other side of fear

When someone says "It's getting hot in here" I automatically think, "So take off all your clothes, Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach. ~ Tony Robbins

Never make excuses. Always wake up with a smile knowing that today u are going to have fun accomplishing what others are too afraid to do."

"The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle." - Steve Jobs

"Waiting to develop courage is just another form of procrastination. The most successful people take action while they're afraid!", Whoever is winning at the moment will always seem to be invincible. ~ George Orwell

Happiness does not depend on what you have or who you are, it solely relies on what you think." - Buddha

Today seems like a great day to take a giant step in the direction of your dreams.

If you are never scared, embarrassed or hurt, it means you never take chances. Julia Soul, Never let success go to your head and never let failure go to your heart

You can make mistakes, but you aren't a failure until you start blaming others for those mistakes. — John Wooden

Your mind will answer most questions if you learn to relax and wait for the answer."~ William S. Burroughs

Don't be afraid of the space between your dreams and reality. If you can dream it, you can make it so, It doesn't matter if a cat is black or white, so long as it catches mice." -Deng Xiaoping

Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about." -Marilyn Monroe

Perhaps the worst sin in life is knowing right and not doing it." -Martin Luther King

Too often we enjoy the comfort of opinion without the discomfort of thought. ~John F. Kennedy, Dear mom and dad.. I love you, I'm out of money ;)

Coming late to a class and pushing your friend to go in first

Dear Website asking for my year of birth, 2011 doesn't seem like a very clever option

One of my life missions, is to read the Terms and Conditions, Chocolate Pie Crust Cupcakes
$1.99
Vanilla Cake Filled With Dark Chocolate Ganache Topped With Vanilla Butter Cream , Crushed Pie Crust And Drizzeled Chocolate Ganache, No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted." -Aesop

When you're a fast texter, two minutes is a long time to wait for a reply.

If someone doesn't like me, that's fine. It just means one less person I have to be nice to.

Dear mom and dad.. I love you, I'm out of money ;), Fiction is the lie through which we tell the truth."― Albert Camus

Even if you are on the right track, you will get run over if you just sit there. — Will Rogers

Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance." ~ Confucius

Every champion was once a contender that refused to give up." - Rocky Balboa, Why Is It Good to Play Video Games?The highly immersive nature of games causes the brain to forget about the pain. 

why its good to play vidio games.Stress Reduction.u typically receive instant gratification fora task.& usually get to blow a few things up 

Why Is It Good to Play Video Games.Critical Thinking.Teaching people how to think isn't an easy job, video games are one of the best methods 

Why Is It Good to Play Video Games Teamwork A common theme in video games is working together with others to accomplish a common goal, Claude Julien on playing Rangers: "I'd rather play one of the best teams in the Eastern Conference than not. My view is 'Let's got at it." 

Dougie: “[The battle level] is different…I like that. Cross-checking guys & things like that U can’t do in OHL because you’ll get a penalty" 

Why Is It Good to Play Video Games? factual infor is crammed into a fictional video game.taught in a fun manner & picked up subliminally 

Why Is It Good to Play Video Games? games give us a very important sense of purpose and accomplishment, didn't see your text or missed call...... lol just kidding, I was ignorig you. 

Tis' better to have loved and lost, than to have loved a fake girl and lost the BCS Championship. 

While in high school, Te'o dated the tooth fairy 

Top weekend sports news: 1. Manti Te'o 2. Lance Armstrong 3. Your kid's basketball game….42. NHL season debut, The problem with quotes on the internet is that you can never be sure who really said them. - Abraham Lincoln 

I throw my wand up in they air sometimes, saying: Ayo! Where'd my nose go - Voldemort 

If I had a British accent, I'd never shut up! 

Every girl is beautiful, it just takes the right guy to see it., If aliens ever land on earth and demand to see our leader, our best chance of survival is to bring them to Lady Gaga 

YouTube is so addictive, I stated off by watching a music video and half an hour later, I was learning how to make brownies 

I don't make typos.......I make new words. 

They say milk gives you strength.. Drink 3 glasses & try moving a wall..You can't.. But drink 3 shots of Vodka & the walls moves by itself, "Don't ever change yourself to impress someone, because they should be impressed that you don't change to please others 

If I had a penny for every time I thought about you... I would think of you more often. 

I've got 99 problems and I ain't dealing with any of them" - Lay-Z 

If a cockroach can survive a nuclear blast then what is in Raid?, Every passing minute is another chance to turn it all around." - From 'Vanilla Sky' 

It isn't enough to think outside the box. Thinking is passive. Get used to acting outside the box." - Tim Ferriss 

Some of the world's greatest feats were accomplished by people not smart enough to know they were impossible." - Doug Larson 

"Before you judge someone, imagine what the world looks like through their eyes." - Ken Petti, Promises are like crying babies in a theater, they should be carried out at once." - Norman Peale 

"If you have no will to change it, you have no right to criticize it." - Abraham Lincoln 

"It's a funny thing, the more I practice the luckier I get." - Arnold Palmer 

Take time to be sure, but be sure not to take too much time.", Please stop looking so attractive, I'm trying to stop liking you. 

When I Die, Someone Should Keep Updating My Status To Freak Out People 

Most people aren't really happy, but they aren't unhappy enough to do any thing about it. That's a dangerous place to be." 

"What I do today is important because I am exchanging a day of my life for it." - Hugh Mulligan, The city of Kennesaw, Georgia has a law that all families must own a gun 

Karhu Sports sold Adidas the three stripe trademark for 1,600 Euros and two bottles of whiskey! 

Harvard scientists are looking for "Adventurous" women to act as surrogates for cloned Neanderthal babies 

In 1967, the IMAX film system was invented by Canadian Ivan Grame Ferguson to premier at Expo 67, You're not fat, you're just.. easier to see. 

Black mambas are actually brown. They get their name from the blue-black coloring on the inside of their mouths 

Humpty Dumpty wasn't an egg or a person; it was a CANNON! 

Nothing RED can be worn or sold on Valentine’s Day in Saudi Arabia, When I'm bored, I eat. When I'm happy, I eat. When I'm sad, I eat. 

That awkward moment when you have a million tabs open and one of them starts to talk: "Congratulations you won!" 

if homework is a work, then why am i not getting paid? 

that fail moment when you realize you still count with your fingers, Trying to delete useless characters in a tweet to make it under the 140. 

That awkward moment when somebody is doing dishes and you slowly put another dish in the sink. 

When I kill a spider, I don't clean it up, I leave it there so the rest of the spiders know not to mess with me. 

writingggggg worrrddss wiiithhh unnneeeccccesssaaarryyy eexxtra lettterrsss, I wish my money would have sex in my wallet and multiply. 

Google: "I have everything!" Facebook: "I know everybody!" Internet: "Without me, you all are nothing." Electricity: "Keep talking, bit**s 

That awkward moment when you're actually telling the truth but you laugh during it, and everybody thinks you're lying. 

That awesome moment when you hear a song and the lyrics describe your situation perfectly.., Calories: Tiny little creatures that live in your closet and sew your clothes a little tighter each night 

H.O.M.E.W.O.R.K. [H]alf [O]f [M]y [E]nergy [W]asted [O]n [R]andom [K]nowledge. 

"I need to talk to you" is the one sentence that has the power to make you remember every bad thing you've ever done in your life. 

I wish my money would have sex in my wallet and multiply, Pretending to think hard when your teacher is looking at you 

Life is like a rainbow, you need both the sun and the rain to make its colors appear. 

Captain: "Sir, we're surrounded!" Me: "Excellent, we can attack in any direction!" 

Twitter is the one place where you go to say all of the random thoughts in your head and see if everybody else is as weird as you., When people ask stupid questions, I feel obligated to give sarcastic answers. 

Saving a file and then realizing you have no clue where you just saved it 

If you can’t laugh at yourself, then please allow me. 

Looking at your text book and thinking, "What a waste of trees.", Marlon Brando was paid $14 million for his cameo in Superman 

Ernest Hemingway used to shoot machine guns at SHARKS! 

That moment of panic when you've rocked too far back in your chair and think you're going to die 

The film “Psycho” was the first movie to show a toilet flushing – the scene caused an inpouring of complaints about indecency, The fastest growing nail is on the middle finger 

The first webcam was created to monitor a coffee maker 
A lifeboat is the 4th most popular place on a ship to have sex. The whirlpool bath is ranked the 1st. 

Multiple cast and crew members were struck by lightning during the filming of The Passion of the Christ, Lazy fact #936744769842065: you were too lazy to read that number 

Guy: Can I borrow a pen? Girl: Sure. Guy: It doesn't work. Girl: Yes it does. Guy: oh really? Then try writing your number here 

that moment when you miss one step on the stairs, and you think you're about to die 

The world's oldest documented prostitute was 82 years old, Happiness does not depend on what you have or who you are, it solely relies on what you think." - Buddha

Today seems like a great day to take a giant step in the direction of your dreams.

If you are never scared, embarrassed or hurt, it means you never take chances. Julia Soul

Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach. ~ Tony Robbins, You can make mistakes, but you aren't a failure until you start blaming others for those mistakes. — John Wooden

Your mind will answer most questions if you learn to relax and wait for the answer."~ William S. Burroughs

Don't be afraid of the space between your dreams and reality. If you can dream it, you can make it so

Whoever is winning at the moment will always seem to be invincible. ~ George Orwell, Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about." -Marilyn Monroe

Perhaps the worst sin in life is knowing right and not doing it." -Martin Luther King

Too often we enjoy the comfort of opinion without the discomfort of thought. ~John F. Kennedy

Never let success go to your head and never let failure go to your heart, Coming late to a class and pushing your friend to go in first

Dear Website asking for my year of birth, 2011 doesn't seem like a very clever option

One of my life missions, is to read the Terms and Conditions

It doesn't matter if a cat is black or white, so long as it catches mice." -Deng Xiaoping, No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted." -Aesop

When you're a fast texter, two minutes is a long time to wait for a reply.

If someone doesn't like me, that's fine. It just means one less person I have to be nice to.

Dear mom and dad.. I love you, I'm out of money ;), Fiction is the lie through which we tell the truth."― Albert Camus
16. 
Even if you are on the right track, you will get run over if you just sit there. — Will Rogers
17. 
Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance." ~ Confucius

Every champion was once a contender that refused to give up." - Rocky Balboa, Better to know and be disappointed than to never know and

Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them -Albert Einstein

Discontent is the first step in the progress of a man or a nation. Oscar Wilde

Some people like my advice so much that they frame it upon the wall instead of using it. ~Gordon R. Dickson, Peace is our gift to each other. ~ Elie Wiesel

How wonderful is it that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. ~ #Quote Anne Frank

If your heart is a volcano, how shall you expect flowers to bloom?" -- Khalil Gibran

Genius is the ability to put into effect what is on your mind." -F. Scott, Free Pizza ??
 
Tweet or Facebook the Corrrect Final score of tonights Bs Islander game, before game.
 
Bs X Islanders Y, " Give me a free Big Daddy Pizza" 
 
 1 entry per cust, You may not be responsible for being down. But you are responsible for getting up." -Jesse Jackson

Some people find fault like there is a reward for it." -Zig Ziglar

"The full person does not understand the needs of the hungry."

Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. ~ #Quote Albert Einstein, Karma has no menu. You get served what you deserve. 

When I find it, I don't need it. When I need it, I can't find it 

Twinkle twinkle little star, I want to hit you with my car, Teacher: "Use harassment in a sentence." Student: "I was in love with this girl and harassment a lot to me." 

Girls who say, "a lot of guys are after me", should keep in mind that low prices always attract many customers 

Does anyone else wake up in the middle of the night thirsty as hell and water tastes like it came from God's personal pond.. 

Almost killing the "Refresh" button when your connection is being stupid., I really need a day between Saturday and Sunday. 

Every night, it's an endless battle between Sleep and The Internet 

I can't get out of bed. These blankets have accepted me as one of their own and If I leave now I might lose their trust. 

The food channel is like porn for your stomach., 21. In areas near cities, it tends to rain more on Saturdays than in any other day of the 

Japan has such a groping problem, they have female-only train cars! 

I enjoy long romantic walks to the fridge 

7 minutes of extra sleep in the morning seriously does matter!, I cover my face while watching scary movies, then watch it through my fingers 

IBMs super computer Watson learned the entire Urban Dictionary and had to be filtered because it SWORE too much! 

eddie The dog from Frasier got more fan mail than any of the human actors! 

Japan has approximately 200 volcanoes and is home to 10% of the active volcanoes in the world, If you watch Titanic backwards, it is a heart warming tale of a ship which jumps out of the water & saves lots of drowning people 

Taking your phone out of your pocket a second before you get a text and feeling like God. 

I’m the type of person who eats all the popcorn while they’re still going through the trailers.....only me? 

The little dance your thumbs do when you're not sure how to reply to a text., I lost 150 pounds in one day, I breakup with her. 

My memory is so bad." "How bad is it." "How bad is what?" 

That one restaurant where you always order the exact same thing. 

That annoying moment when you start the same sentence at least three times, but someone keeps interrupting you., Anger makes you smaller, while forgiveness forces you to grow beyond what you were." - Cherie Carter Scott 

Life is not about who you once were, it is about who you are right now, and the person you have the potential to become 

Think highly of yourself, for the world takes you at your own estimate." 

Never make excuses. Always wake up with a smile knowing that today u are going to have fun accomplishing what others are too afraid to do.", "Take your life into your own hands, and what happens? A terrible thing, no one to blame." - Erica Jong 

Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out." - John Wooden 

The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any." - Alice Walker 

"Sometimes you just got to give yourself what you wish someone else would give you." - Dr Phil, All US Presidents have worn glasses. Some just didn't like being seen wearing them in public. 

Donald Duck's middle name is Fauntleroy. 

Matthew McConaughey sometimes has to stop eating because he claims to get too sexually aroused by the food. 

Kim Basinger once threw her modeling portfolio off the Brooklyn Bridge, Karolina Kurkova, a model for Victoria’s Secret, does not have a belly button. Navels are Photoshopped into her bikini shots 

Margaret Kerry is the name of the model who posed for Disney artists while they created Tinkerbell 

Burt Reynolds is a Cherokee Indian. 

Channing Tatum was a dancer in Ricky Martin's music video for "She Bangs, There are 6 NFL teams that do not have cheerleading squads. Can u name them all?? 

JFK's golf clubs sold for $772,500 at a 1996 auction. The buyer was Arnold Schwarzenegger 

The birdie has to have exactly fourteen feathers, in Olympic Badminton rule 

Honey is used as a center for golf balls and in antifreeze mixtures, 95% of women shave their p parts and only 16% of men do. 

According to psychologists, the shoe and the foot are the most common sources of sexual fetishism in Western society. 

Non-lubricated condoms are distributed among the armed forces not just for safe sex, but as an emergency water canteen 

The actual playing time in an MLB game is nine minutes and 55 seconds, despite routinely finishing at around three hours., While it take about 20 lb of potatos to make 1 lb of chips 

The sentence "the quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog" uses every letter in the English language 

The most popular boat name requested is "Obsession". 

Stalin's left foot had webbed toes, and his left arm is noticeably shorter than his right, 96% of all women have at one time in their life faked an orgasm 

The two longest one-syllable words in the English language is "screeched. & strengths." 

Caesar salad has nothing to do with any of the Caesar. It was first concocted in a bar in Tijuana, Mexico, in the 1920's 

In the United States, a pound of potato chips cost two hundred times more than a pound of potatoes, Elvis Presley died at the age of 42. Elvis' father died at age 42. 

Henry Ford flatly stated that history is "bunk." 

1 apple ads 5 minutes to a person's life. 

The worlds best known word is 'okay', the second most well-known word is 'Coca-Cola', Triskaidekaphobia is a fear of the number 13 

The total number of dots on a pair of dice is 42 
It is 4.2 light-years to the nearest star from our solar-system 

The angle at which light reflects off of water to create a rainbow is 42 degrees, If you Only 1/3 of the people that can twitch their ears can twitch only one at a time 

The word 'pixel' is a contraction of either 'picture cell' or 'picture element' 

The word 'byte' is a contraction of 'by eight 

A cat purrs at he same rate as a diesel motor, Most elephants weigh less than the tongue of the blue whale 

Birds do not sleep in their nests. They may occasionally nap in them, but they actually sleep in other places 

The word "set" has more definitions than any other word in the English language 

add up the numbers 1-100 consecutively (1+2+3+4+5 etc) the total is 5050, The name "cappuccino" was given to the drink, because the froth peaks resembled the hoods of Capuchin Monks 

Adolf Hitler wanted to be an architect, but he failed the entrance exam at the architectural school in Vienna 

A group of owls is called a parliament 
The original game of "Monopoly" was circular, Doors in London in the eighteenth century had up to ten keyholes to confuse burglars 

Trivia is the Roman goddess of sorcery, hounds and the crossroads 

new study says 60% of couples regularly have sex, the other 40% are married 

jonny depp girlfreind left him for an other girl, Jonny was both saddend and aroused, A group of kangaroos is called a mob 

A group of rhinos is called a crash. 

A group of frogs is called an army 

The "mer" in the word "commerce" comes from the God "Mercury" who was the God of commerce, A large bag of popcorn with butter at the movie theatre has about 1,500 calories - The same as 3 Big Macs 

Americans collectively spend $2.4 billion on toilet paper every year and costco's best selling product 

Standing while while doing work increases productivity and helps to keep you focused. 

The world's largest family resides in India -- Consisting of one man, with 39 wives and 94 children, Shakespeare’s wife was named Anne Hathaway 

Japan uses 24 billion pairs of disposable chopsticks each year, China uses 45 billion - That’s about 25 million trees used every year 

Goat meat is the most consumed meat in the world. 

A majority of American public school teachers come from the bottom 25% of their college classes., That annoying moment when the good part of a song is about to come, and your parents tells u to turn the music down 

A "dacryphiliac" is someone who gets sexually aroused from watching other people cry 

A "harpaxophiliac" is someone who gets sexually aroused from the thought of being robbed 

The Nickelodeon show "Hey Arnold!" originally began as a claymation short which aired often on Sesame Street, That annoying moment when the good part of a song is about to come, and your parents tells u to turn the music down 

A "dacryphiliac" is someone who gets sexually aroused from watching other people cry 

A "harpaxophiliac" is someone who gets sexually aroused from the thought of being robbed 

The Nickelodeon show "Hey Arnold!" originally began as a claymation short which aired often on Sesame Street, Girls Always Try To Impress Boys By Wearing Beautiful Dresses 

The moment of Preparation before STEPPING ON THE ESCALATOR. 

First Tab: Twitter. Second Tab: Facebook. Third Tab: YouTube. 

Age is just a number" - yeah well .. Jail is just a room, Cold Facts
 

 
 

Today Jan 24rd it was 3 f, at 6am the coldest day this year
And wind chill is -20 f
 Dont feel bad

 Prospect Creek, Alaska, ( americas coldest place) was -28f this morning
 

 

 
 

Things got worse for Bostonians in 1882. on Jan 24th it was -13 degrees. The coldest day ever in Boston.
 

 
 

Not to despair things are going to warm up to a more seasonal 22 by sunday ( by the way the ave low in Boston for Jan), I wish I could Google "things to eat in my fridge" so I wouldn't have to go downstairs and be disappointed. 

WOMEN: Scientifically proven to be right even when they are wrong! 

Horror movies… *always* girl: hello? Who’s there? Is she waiting for someone to say “Just someone who’s gonna kill you 

Unfortunately, Boys are Impressed Only When They Remove Those Dresses., During a visit to the US, the Russian President Yeltsin got madly drunk, went outside the White House in his underwear to buy pizza 

Specifically for the Nazis, Coca Cola decided to make a fruit-flavored soda when there was a shortage of syrup, and invented Fanta! 

In 1 to 10 million years man could build a flyable plane", was an Article in the New York Times published 8 days before the first flight 

When I say " It's a long story" It usually means I just dont want to tell you it., The Heart Attack Grill, a restaurant in Las Vegas offers free food to anyone who weighs more than 350 pounds 

The great boxer, Muhammad Ali protested against racial discrimination in the US by throwing his Olympic gold medal into the Ohio river. 

Sweaty feet and cheese smells alike because the bacteria used in making strong smelled cheese is the same one found on human feet. 

During their periods, women are actually quicker at detecting snakes., 'Nederland' is the name of a town in Colorado, USA where it is officially legal to possess, grow, transport, buy, sell or consume marijuana! 

Osama bin Laden's father married 22 times, fathering at least 54 children. Osama bin Laden is believed to be his 17th son 

An island country named Niue, had picture of Pokemon's Pikachu on their currency in 2001 

58 year old Peter Fowler holds the world record for drinking 1 liter of beer in just 1.3 seconds., 6 f, TODAY is the coldest day of the year. But in 1882 jan 23 was -6, and jan 24, -13,the coldest day ever in boston..Warm Pizza @ BigDaddys 

Hakuna Matata" the term used in Disney movie Lion King is actually a Swahili phrase which means “there are no worries 

US Marines tortured Saddam Hussein by forcefully made him watch South Park movie repeatedly after he was captured 

All the different colors of Froot Loops taste the same. Nobody knows what does different colored Froot Loops represent., Dying your cat yellow so your neighbours think you have a pet pikachu 

Don't judge a book by it's movie. 

Dear Butt, you managed to turn on my phone, put it on speaker & call Pizza Hut in the middle of class? Sincerely, I'm impressed. 

Don't you hate when you read in your head & you sound like a pro, but when it comes to reading aloud you sound like a complete idiot, Before air conditioning was invented, white cotton slipcovers were put on furniture to keep the air cool 

The Flintstones cartoon was the first thirty-minute cartoon to be aired during prime time 

A study by Google and Columbia found that people who download illegal music also BUY the most music online! 

Painting your child blue so your neighbours think you own a smurf., The word "comet" comes from the Greek word "kometes" meaning long hair and referring to the tai 

President Harding served bootleg liquor to his guests in the White House during Prohibition, after he voted for it as a senator 

Hot water can freeze faster than cold water. As impossible as it sounds, It's called The Mpemba Effect 

If everyone in the world lived in Texas, the population density would be the same as NYC, There is a restaurant in Stockholm that only offers all-garlic products. They even have a garlic cheesecake 

If India changed its agricultural techniques, the rice they produce could feed an additional 400 million people! How? 

Some studies show #flu causes as many American deaths per year as breast cancer in women 

In 1836, Mexican General Santa Anna held an elaborate state funeral for his amputated leg., Every year, approximately 5-20% of U.S. residents get the flu, and more than 200,000 of those infected get hospitalized for complications 

figures estimate that seasonal influenza A virus kills one person out of every 2,000 people infected. 

Men in their early twenties shave an average of four times a week 

Cisco is not an acronym. It's short for San Francisco, where the company was founded., we all have a friend with a stupid laugh =] 

That feeling you get when you hug someone you really really miss. 
screaming DIE when you spray bug spray on a bug. 

I laugh at my own funny text before i send it because im that damn funny, Can we just skip this whole "school" thing and go straight to the part where I have a really awesome job and spend all my time travelling. 

That awkward moment when your friend gets yelled at by their parents in front of you and you don't know what to do. 

I bet when Cheetahs race and one of them cheats, the other one goes "Man, you're such a Cheetah!" and they laugh & eat a zebra or whatever 

Knowing your family so well, You can tell who's coming down the stairs by the sound of their footsteps, The woman who invented the phrase, "All guys are the same." was a Chinese woman who lost her husband in a crowd in China. 

Sends risky text* 15 seconds later no reply. "Oh God what have I done!" 

Calling other people ugly, doesn't make you any prettier. 

Your virginity is like a pencil. Once you give it to someone you’re never getting it back, When I'm in the car and a sad song comes on the radio, I stare out the window and act like I'm in the music video 

Name your iPod 'Titanic', plug it into the computer, "Titanic is syncing", press cancel, feel like a hero 

Dear Microsoft word, I'm pretty sure I spelled my name correctly... 
18. 
That moment when you laugh so hard that no sound comes out and you sit there clapping your hands like a  seal, My hobbies include sleeping and disappointing everyone close to me. 

hey battery, why can't you be full for forever?! 

We all know that "Let’s watch a movie" really means "I wanna be in the dark with you" ;) 

I always open a text and mentally respond, but forget to actually respond, We all have that one friend who spends more time on planning how to cheat than studying for an exam 

Saying "we can still be friends" after a breakup, is like saying "hey the dog died but we can still keep it." 

We all have that one look we give to our friends when someone hots walks by. 

Stop Judging Justin Bieber! She has feelings too, Being a virgin these days is something to be proud of, you're a rare breed, you're like a unicorn. 

If I text a person in the same room as me, I stare at them till they get it. 

MATH = Mental Abuse to Humans. 

You inspire my inner serial killer, Four words that I never want to hear: There is no food. 

Dear Youtube, I will always "Skip this ad." 

Mirror: "You look cute today." Camera: "Lol, no." Instagram filters: "...Don't worry, I got your back." 

Me opening the fridge: "Baby you light up my world like nobody else.", 6 f, TODAY is the coldest day of the year. But in 1882 jan 23 was -6, and jan 24, -13,the coldest day ever in boston..Warm Pizza @ BigDaddys, I wish my bedroom had those lights where if you clap your hands, they'll automatically turn on or off 

Boy: "I wanna be a superhero, guess my name?" Girl: "Superman? Batman?" Boy: "Your man" 

I tried to be normal once... worst two minutes of my life. 

Oh Mickey, you're so fine, you're so fine you blow my mind. Hey Mickey. Hey Hey Mickey!.. face it you didn't read that, you sang it., I wish my grades smoked weed. They'd get higher 

Roses are red, violets are blue, faces like yours belong in the zoo. Don't be mad, I'll be there too. Not in the cage but laughing at you. 

That awkward moment when you can't read your own handwriting. 

Sarcasm is the mind's natural defense against stupidness., I am so broke I am being sponsored by a kid in Africa.. 

Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak. 

How to prepare for exams: Cry 

WHAT IT SAYS: "Do not touch." WHAT I READ: "Touch when nobody is looking.", If you rearrange the letters in "The Titanic disaster" you get, "Death, it starts in ice". Coincidence? Probably. 

I saw the most beautiful painting at the store the other day… but then i realized it was a mirror 

Simba was walking too slow, so I told him to Mufasa. 

Love" has 4 letters, but so does "Hate". "Friends" has 7 letter, but so does "Enemies". "Truth" has 5 letters, but so does "Lying, A very rare condition known as Hematidrosis takes place when a person faces extreme levels of stress. This results in the sweating of blood! 

Christmas, Thanksgiving and Easter are the 3 days of the year when Americans watch the least amount of pornography 

After an argument, over 80% people think of all the clever things they should have said! 

Fi yuo cna raed tihs whit no porlbem, yuo aer smrat. Rtewete fi yuo aer smrat., When you see gnats swarming around at one point in the air, they are actually having a big orgy. 

When you wake up around 2-3 A.M. without any reason, there's an 83% chance that someone is staring at you! 

Scientists have taken the first ever snapshot of an atom's shadow—the smallest ever photographed using visible light 

1 out of every 100 people are psychopaths and they look just like everybody else., Elvis Presley was a truck driver before he started singing. 

The chances of dying by laughter are 15 billion to 1. 

Go to Wendy's & Say "I'm not from this area. I'm lost & don't have money!" = Wendy's policy is to give a person free food if they say this! 

Slash of 'Guns N' Roses' refused to allow the band's music to be used on 'Glee', because he thinks the show is horrible., People born in 1995-1999 have lived in three decades, two centuries, and two millenniums. And they are not even 18 yet. You guys are awesome 

The rhyme “Step on a crack, break your mother’s back” was originally “Step on a crack your mother will turn black.” 

Unexpected text messages from the person you care the most can have a positive affect on your body and instantly improve your mood. 

Jay-Z states he has Barack Obama's cell number of speed dial, I hate when people don't know how to whisper. 

I want an iPhone with BBM and a Nokia battery. 
 
I'm not racist. I hate everyone equally. 

I always feel you hear me better when I'm not talking, taking the high road, and being stunned that it dose not involve getting high 

Interrupt my sleep and I'll interrupt your breathing. 

When I wake up in the morning and stretch, I make baby dinosaur noises. 

"I wasn't that drunk"...Dude you dove in my pool yelling "I'm coming Nemo!", Eating cheese before going to bed can help improve sleep quality. 

Someone gets divorced every 10 to 13 minutes, The earliest same-sex wedding ceremony performed was in 65 A.D. 

Research shows men who marry younger women live longer 

The average duration of a high school relationship is one month -- They usually do not end well. 

After 2 seasons, Nickelodeon cancelled the show "Invader Zim" because parents thought it was too dark and violent for preteens., About 1 in 6 men have had abusive sexual experiences before the age of 18. 

The first couple to ever be shown in bed together on prime time television were Fred and Wilma Flintstone. 

In 2013, you’ll be able to reuse calendars from the years 2002, 1991, 1985, 1974, 1963, 1957,1946, 1935, 1929 and 1918. 

The world record for the most marriages belongs to a man named Glynn Wolfe - He was married 29 times, The sad truth is that 40% of marriages end in divorce 

McDonald's nuggets has (TBHQ.) (TBHQ) is an anti-foaming agent made of silicone that typically goes into Silly Putty and cosmetics. 

McDonald's chicken nugget is comprised of less than 50% chicken, the chicken it has is pulverized chicken skin & mechanically reclaimed meat 

Making $464 million since the year 2000, “How the Grinch Stole Christmas” is the most successful holiday movie of all time, Studies show getting married greatly decreases testosterone production in men & women.means a vastly lowered sex drive & less passionate sex 

The average wedding costs over $28,000! Add buying a house, having kids etc. - and you can kiss your fun money goodbye! 

The average unhappy marriage lasts 12.3 years before divorce! You have a 1 in 2 chance of having a chunk of your life being very unpleasant 

Nearly one-third of women report being physically or emotionally abused by a spouse or husband., Frequent drinking is more likely to affect brain tissue than smoking marijuana 

Statistics show that the third Monday of January is the most miserable day of the entire year 

??A Roadrunner’s top speed is about 20 MPH - A coyote’s top speed is about 43 MPH. ?? 

Palm trees are not technically trees, they’re grass, Over 200 dead bodies are intentionally left on Mount Everest as landmarks to help new climbers find their way to the top 

Eating tomatoes helps prevent sunburn -- Tomatoes provide the best defence against sun damage 

Eggs are high in both Lutein and Zeaxanthin. These have been shown to reduce the risk of macular degeneration and cataracts 

Women who consume six eggs per week are 24% less likely to be diagnosed with breast cancer., 25 tons of weight can be lifted by an average human if combined force of all the body muscles is applied together. 

condom is 98% effective birth control method. 

Licking your own wounds actually speed up the healing process -- Human saliva contains many antibacterial compounds. 

Chuck Norris used to daydream about beating up other children who routinely taunted and teased him on his mixed ethnicity, Human cells are programmed to die after 120 years - No one can live longer than that. 

A study suggests that people who lose their virginity after the age of 19 tend to attain a higher level of education and a higher income 

Autospence is the world's first marijuana vending machine installed in California 

Lady GaGa has claimed that she can give herself an orgasm just by thinking about it., If you were happy before you knew someone, you can be happy when they're gone 

In the song "Sweet Child of Mine" when Axl rose sung "where do we go now?" he actually wanted to know the lyrics after this. 

There are GPS shoes available that will guide you home by simply clicking the heels together. 

A study suggests alcoholic students perform better in exams if they stay drunk while taking the test, You miss 100% of the shots you never take." - Wayne Gretzky 

"The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender." - Vince Lombardi 

If we threw all our problems in a pile and saw everyone else's, we'd grab ours back." 

Before you talk, listen. Before you react, think. Before you criticize, wait. Before you pray, forgive. Before you quit, try.", "Before you embark on a journey of revenge, dig two graves." - Confucius 

If you're going to be able to look back on something and laugh about it, you might as well laugh about it now." - Marie Osmond 

You must begin to think of yourself as becoming the person you want to be." - David Viscott 

Time goes by so fast, people go in and out of your life. Never miss an opportunity to tell people how much they mean to you.", Realizing you forgot to do something right as you get comfortable in bed. 

Oh, I'm sorry. I thought you meant what you promised. Silly me. 

I hate when ugly people say "I need my beauty sleep" they need to hibernate. 

The world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places." - Ernest Hemingway, 2011 Pick Up Lines: "I have a full tank of gas." 

Licking your fingers after eating a bag of chips. 

Trying to feel for your phone, and getting a panic attack when you can't feel it. 

Dear 30 open internet tabs, which one of you is playing the music? Sincerely, frustrated, Apple and Blackberry should team up and make a phone called the Pie. 

That moment when your mom calls to say she's almost home & you realize you haven't done anything that she asked you to do. 

When I’m always in my room, my parents complain. When I go out too much, my parents complain. 

Texting a person in the same room as you are, then staring at them until they get it., signs you have an imaginary girlfriend,  

#4 everone can tell you are arguing with siri

#3 She is nver upset when you forget her imaginary birthday

#2 always presuing you to pretend to buy engagement ring

#1 said she's too shy to meet your friends, your family , and you, 1/3 of people will bet on superbowl 47, that is over 100mm people

americans will eat over 1.2 billion wings on super bowl sunday

1.2 million pepole will catch the flu this season, I have a dream that 1 day live in a nation where children will not be judged by the color of their skin,but by character.MLK, Jr.

A man's beard grows faster when he is anticipating sex. 

Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that. Martin Luther King, Jr. 

In general, Mac users are 50% more accurate and 44% more productive than PC users, Our scientific power has outrun our spiritual power. We have guided missiles and misguided men. Martin Luther King, Jr.

Game of Thrones was the most pirated TV-show of 2012. 

The U.S. is the only developed country that does not have mandated vacation time for workers 

A man who won't die for something is not fit to live. Martin Luther King, Jr., In the End, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends. Martin Luther King, Jr. 

Super Mario Bros. is the second best-selling video game of all time - First being Wii Sports. 

I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear. Martin Luther King, Jr 

About 33% of women have sex on the first date with someone they’ve met online, Studies show that art and drama students tend to score better on SATs and exhibit improved performance in other academic areas 

Ken Jeong from the movie “The Hangover” graduated high school at 16 and had a medical degree by the age of 24. 

Ancient Japanese poets would engage in rap battle sessions to display their skill and wit. 

A group of owls is called a “parliament.”, One Direction was the 3rd most talked about public figure on Facebook in 2012 - Behind Barack Obama and Mitt Romney 

The Hunger Games” was the most talked about movie during 2012. 
Want to have Selena Gomez at your party? You’d probably have to pay her $100,000! 

More Frisbees have been sold than footballs, baseballs and basketballs combined., Gunfire has killed more Americans since 1968, than all the wars of this country’s history. 

Love” is the most frequently used word in Twitter user bios. 

Kim Kardashian was the most searched person of 2012 according to Yahoo & Bing. 

Justin Bieber has been the most tweeted about celebrity for the past year, There’s a gay gun rights group named “Pink Pistols” - Their motto is “Armed gays don’t get bashed.” 

Studies show that women are more attracted to men wearing blue, while men are more attracted to women wearing red. 

Dating specialists say that if a woman does not return a call after two messages, she’s not interested. 

20% of American households still do not have ready Internet access, We live in a generation where 'Deleting History' is more important than creating it., Steve Jobs was given the night shift at Atari because of he STUNK! 

John L Sullivan fought a 75 ROUND fight before finally winning! 

Donald Sutherland made $40k from Animal House. He left $1,4 MILLION on the table 

I wasn't drunk!" "Dude, you ran into a brick wall, yelling HOGWARTS, HERE I COME!", I really dislike stepping in water while I have socks on. 

When I say "I'll think about it", I really mean: "I'll forget about it completely until you bring it up again." 

OK, I'm getting out of bed in 10 seconds. 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,9,9,9,9,9, ...., If a prostitute gets pregnant, is it considered a work related accident? 

Drinking out of the orange juice container when no one is looking. 

We have to talk" - scares me to death. 

Dear Google, They are only using you to get to me! Sincerely, Wikipedia!, Here's to the girls who keep a smile on even at their worst. 

Paper cut: A tree's one final glorious moment of revenge. 

You've got higher grades than mine, not because you're smarter than me, but because I'm lazier than you. 

I wish I could trade my heart for another liver, so I could drink more and care less, Flirtationship , More than a friendship.. but less than a relationship. 

That awkward moment when you spell a word correctly, but it looks so wrong so you stare at it forever questioning its existence 

Friday. My second favorite F word. 

That depressing moment when no one retweets, favorites, or replies to your tweet.. And then wondering if anybody even read it, Dear Google, Could you sit next to me during an exam? Sincerely, Every Student. 

Best breakup line ever: Boy: "Wanna see a magic trick?" Girl: "Sure." Boy: "POOF, you're single!" 

Texting someone and falling asleep while waitin for the reply. 

A picture speaks a thousand words. But with photoshop, it tells a thousand lies, No matter how many pens I buy, they always mysteriously go missing 

Don't mistake my silence for ignorance. It's just that I don't care 

It takes 42 muscles to frown, but only 4 to lift your mid finger. 

Never Say Never" - I wonder if Justin Bieber realized he just said it twice., Dear Weekend, stay here with me forever. 

I’m not lazy, I prefer the term ”selective participation”. 

First day of school* Teacher: Ok tell the class a couple things about you "My name is _____ and uh follow me on twitter @ ____" *sits down* 

I study → I take the test → I pass it → I forget what I learned., I usually say the color of Gatorade I want rather than the flavor. 

That epic moment when you buy a bag of air and the store is nice enough to put in some chips. 

Cartoons: The only ones who can wear the same thing every day, and nobody cares 

That awkward moment when you can't tell if someone's using a Bluetooth or if they're just talking to themselves, Free Pizzia if you guess(fb or tweet to us)  the final score of either NFL game today before the game starts

 

 

“ Pats X, Balt  Y, Give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza,

 

One guess ,  per customer. All guesses must be in before game starts 

 

This coupon can not be combined with other coupons or used toward delivery minimum, Dear McDonalds, Why are all the people in your commercials thin? Sincerely, highly suspect. 

Dear person who finishes test in 10 minutes, I HOPE YOU FAIL! Sincerely, still on first question 

My parents should be proud of me because I'm addicted to Twitter & not drugs. 

That awkward moment when a package says "Easy open" & you end up using scissors, knife, hammer, gun & a lightsaber trying to open it., My ex sent me a picture of her and her new boyfriend having sex, So I sent it to her dad. 

I feel like the people who hand out flyers are really saying, "Here, throw this away for me." 
3. 
Admit it, No matter how many humans die in a movie, If the dog dies, Your crushed 

I miss being little, Falling asleep on the sofa & being magically transported to ur bed., About 55% of all movies are rated R 

We should be able to Text 911, You know, In case you're hiding from a psycho killer and can't talk. 

The awkward moment when the person you are talking to on the phone flushes the toilet 

I don't consider them as one night stands, they're auditions, Multiple cast and crew members were struck by lightning during the filming of The Passion of the Christ 

Marlon Brando was paid $14 million for his cameo in Superman 

That moment of panic when you've rocked too far back in your chair and think you're going to die 

The film “Psycho” was the first movie to show a toilet flushing – the scene caused an inpouring of complaints about indecency, The world's oldest documented prostitute was 82 years old. 

The fastest growing nail is on the middle finger 

The first webcam was created to monitor a coffee maker 

A lifeboat is the 4th most popular place on a ship to have sex. The whirlpool bath is ranked the 1st., Dear Fridge, I will be back in 15 minutes please go shopping. Sincerely, hungry 

Lazy fact #936744769842065: you were too lazy to read that number 

Guy: Can I borrow a pen? Girl: Sure. Guy: It doesn't work. Girl: Yes it does. Guy: oh really? Then try writing your number here 

that moment when you miss one step on the stairs, and you think you're about to die, Do you behave like this at home?!" "Yes, actually." 

Dear Facebook, Thanks to you I can know everything about a person, without even meeting them. Sincerely, A creeper 

heard you're good in algebra, can you replace my 'x' without asking 'y' 

I am just one step away from being rich, all I need now is money, That one minute party you have when the teacher leaves the room 

I want to be 21..... so I can legally be able to do everything I’ve been doing since 13. 

When you take a good new picture you automatically think, "That's my new profile picture 

"Hey, did you ask yet?" "No, my moms in a bad mood.", When I'm on my death bed I want my last words to be..... " I left one million dollars in the 

That awkward moment when a zombie is looking for brains and it walks right past you 

Naps are like good songs..... they're never long enough. 

I learn new things everyday, but I usually don't learn it from teachers, Just read an article about a lady who makes ice cubes out of left over wine. I was confused. What's left over wine? 

Be Optimistic: All the people you hate are going to die eventually 

The most impressive thing about marathon runners is how they don’t check their phone for 3+ hours. 

Sometimes, karma doesn’t work that’s why revenge is essential., Your my bestfriend because i wouldnt dare to be this weird with anyone else 

Boys get jealous it's cute. But when girls get jealous. it's world war 3. 

Sucking a cup to your face and then panicking cos it won't come off 

What happens when you say 'hi' to your friend on an airplane who's name is Jack?, Aren't people who are 'perfect' just failures at failing? 

A smart girl always has a backup man..... Oops, I mean PLAN 

Making up nicknames for people you don't know but see all the time. 

All those years i watched Arthur, I never knew what animal he was, Teacher: "Back in the days, we didn't have internet." Me: "Well that's just too bad for you." 

Feeling sorry for people who fall in love after dating for 2 days! 

If Facebook had a dislike button, there would be some serious drama 

Oh I’m sorry! I didn’t realise you were giving me a dirty look..... I just thought you were ugly like that all the time!, True friends don’t judge each other. They judge other people.. together. 

My room was clean, but then I had to decide what to wear. 

Relationships are like drugs, they either kill you or give you the best feeling of your life 

Page 404 not found." But I wasn't even looking for page 404..., You can survive solely off drinking beer. It contains all 13 essential nutrients of life! So drink up! 

If you see a guy opening car door for a girl, it's one of two things: either a new car or a new girl. 

Sex is like high school...you miss a period and you're in trouble. 

If nobody hates you, you're doing something boring, According to the law of Saudi Arabia, it is illegal for women to drive a car but are allowed to pilot airplanes 

Dogs and cats have a dominant paw -- Males are most likely left paw dominant and females are most likely right paw dominant 

 “You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.”Christopher Robin as told to Winnie The Pooh, Free Pizzia if you guess(fb or tweet to us)  the final score of either NFL game today before the game starts

 

 

“ Pats X, Balt  Y, Give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza,

 

One guess ,  per customer. All guesses must be in before game starts 

 

This coupon can not be combined with other coupons or used toward delivery minimum, "The big secret in life is that there is no big secret. Whatever your goal, you can get there if you're willing to work." - Oprah Winfrey 

Do not confuse motion and progress. A rocking horse keeps moving but does not make any progress." - Alfred A. Montapert 

On August 14, 2010, in China, world's longest traffic jam occurred which was about 60 miles long and lasted for nearly 10 days 
12. 
All the black actors casted in the movie 'Gone With the Wind' were not allowed to attend the premiere of the movie., "Every great story on the planet happened when someone decided not to give up, but kept going no matter what." - Spryte Loriano 

Life is like a game of poker: If you don't put any in the pot, there won't be any to take out." - Jackie "Moms" Mabley 

Nobody gets to live life backward. Look ahead, that is where your future lies." - Ann Landers 

Our thoughts and imagination are the only real limits to our possibilities." - Orison Swett Marden, I stand in the shower aimlessly for ages just because its warm. 

In Japan 75% of men get monthly pocket money from their wives. 

There was (briefly) an British remake of That 70′s Show, with the exact same characters and plot. 

Civilization IV was the first video game to ever be NOMINATED for and win a Grammy, "Is that your ex?" "NO..... That's the biggest mistake of my life." 

Mentally saying "Wed-nes-day" when writing the word "Wednesday 

"Why are you smiling?" "Do I need a reason?" 

"Your homework is to read these pages." "YESSS! No homework!", Everything happens for a reason, the hard part is finding out what that reason is. 

Pulling out gum in school is like pulling out crack in a rehab center. 

Dear Internet users, you're gonna regret not reading me one day, Sincerely, Terms & Condition. 

MIDDLE SCHOOL "Shut up, it was a dare!!" HIGH SCHOOL "Shut up, I was drunk!!, Takes picture, delete. Takes picture, delete. Takes picture..... haa finally! The perfect one! 

The awkward moment when someone you don't really know at all tries to hug you 

The awkward moment when you don't forward a chain message and you die 

1 hour with friends goes by so quickly, 1 hour at school lasts forever, The Médaille de la Famille française is an awarded by France to honour those who have successfully raised several children with dignity 

When Merriam-Webster added google as a verb to their dictionary, Google wasn't thrilled. They thought it would hurt their brand 

Freddie Mercury would talk to his CATS on the phone during tours 

When parents say "because I said so" you know you made a good argument., Anyone who uses the phrase “easy as taking candy from a baby" has never tried taking candy from a baby. 

A woman is helpless till Her nail polish dries 

My neighbors wi-fi connection is so slow, I will prefer going to Google's office and ask them questions in person 

That awkward moment when someone says "you two should go out", School has taught me how to sleep with my eyes open 

Promises are like babies: fun to make, but hell to deliver 

One day before exam, I become the most religious person in the WORLD! 

Mom says "Alcohol is your enemy"... Jesus says "Love your enemy" :D, Kings lift their Cup banner, then drop their pants and get spanked by the Blackhawks. 

dear wind, thankyou so much for raping my hair. sincerely, my hair was perfect 

I think FB should have some realistic relationship options...'happily single' and 'stressfully committed' 

If we're not meant to have midnight snacks then why is there a light in the Fridge?, Athletes can compete as independent Olympians (not under a country’s flag) at the Olympic Games 

The CEO of Red Lobster was fired over an all you can eat promotion, because he underestimated American gluttony! 

The actor who portrays The Most Interesting Man in the World lives on a sailboat in Marina Del Ray. 
O'Shea Jackson is the real name of rap singer/actor Ice Cube, Any South Korean male who wins an Olympic medal avoids the country’s mandatory two-year military service 

Wayne and Brent Gretzky share the record for two brothers combined point total in the NHL with 2461 

In 1905 Frank McGee of the Ottawa Silver Seven scored 14 goals in a Stanley Cup match against the Dawson City Nuggets.He was blind in 1 eye 

In the 60s female track athletes were required to be examined naked to verify their sex, In the 1900's megaphones came into play and the Pom Pons were invented in the 1930' 

Paintball guns were originally used by farmers and ranchers to mark livestock 

If you joined the waiting list for Green Bay Packers season tickets today, you would have to wait until 2966. 

There’s more soccer (football) fan clubs in Germany than any other country in the world, The 1st American Football university/college game, the initial sporting environment to witness the birth of cheerleading, was held in 1869 

 In the beginning all Cheerleaders were men. 

 97% of all cheerleaders are female, however, almost 50% of collegiate Cheerleaders are male 

 The Cheerleading capital of the US is Texas, Rupert Grint, Ron Weasley in the Harry Potter movies wanted to be an "Ice Cream Man", he bought an ice cream truck with his HP money. 

"No one has ever become poor by giving." 

Don't kid yourself: the pace at which the cursor blinks before a blank space in a document is the actual heartbeat of god., The company that owns Trojan condoms, Church & Dwight, also owns the First Response pregnancy tests 

Coconuts falling from trees in Hawaii causes 150 deaths a year! Falling out of bed causes 450 deaths a year in the US 

The psychological test results show symptoms of being in love very similar to severe OCD- Obsessive Compulsive Disorder 

Robert Downey Jr. was the voice behind Lois's long lost brother, Patrick (The Fat Guy Strangler) in Family Guy, Snow White and King Kong were Adolf Hitler's two favorite movies 

Russell Brand admitted that he lost his virginity to a prostitute when his father took him to a brothel in Hong Kong at the age of 17. 

The most successful porn star of all time Jenna Jameson initially worked at Disneyland 

On every mission there are cyanide pills packed with the luggage of NASA astronauts, in case they fail to get back to the earth, It was revealed in Season 4 of Spongebob Squarepants that Gary is actually the rightful king of Bikini Bottom and Patrick's cousin. 

The human brain can only stay focused on one task or person for 7-10 minutes before they lose our attention. 

The original Mr. Potato Head didn't include a plastic potato. It was a kit with plastic parts that were then stabbed into real potatoes 

In the original stage-play version of "The Wizard of Oz," Dorothy's companion was not Toto, but a cow named Imogene, It's okay to struggle, but it's never okay to give up on yourself." - John Zickefoose 

"I am who I am today because of the choices I made yesterday." - Eleanor Roosevelt 

Dr. Suess once wrote a book called "The Seven Lady Godivas" about seven sisters who rode around on horses with no clothes. 

All the pandas in the world come from China. When a baby panda is born, by agreement, it is sent back to China via FedEx., Snow White and King Kong were Adolf Hitler's two favorite movies 

Russell Brand admitted that he lost his virginity to a prostitute when his father took him to a brothel in Hong Kong at the age of 17. 

The most successful porn star of all time Jenna Jameson initially worked at Disneyland 

On every mission there are cyanide pills packed with the luggage of NASA astronauts, in case they fail to get back to the earth, Free Pizzia if you guess(fb or tweet to us)  the final score of Bruin Game today before the game starts

 

 

“ Bs X, NY  Y, Give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza,

 

One guess ,  per customer. All guesses must be in before game starts, It was revealed in Season 4 of Spongebob Squarepants that Gary is actually the rightful king of Bikini Bottom and Patrick's cousin. 

The human brain can only stay focused on one task or person for 7-10 minutes before they lose our attention. 

The original Mr. Potato Head didn't include a plastic potato. It was a kit with plastic parts that were then stabbed into real potatoes 

In the original stage-play version of "The Wizard of Oz," Dorothy's companion was not Toto, but a cow named Imogene, It's okay to struggle, but it's never okay to give up on yourself." - John Zickefoose 

"I am who I am today because of the choices I made yesterday." - Eleanor Roosevelt 

Dr. Suess once wrote a book called "The Seven Lady Godivas" about seven sisters who rode around on horses with no clothes. 

All the pandas in the world come from China. When a baby panda is born, by agreement, it is sent back to China via FedEx, 47% of Facebook users regularly use curse words on their profile 

The largest amount of text messages sent by a single person in one month was 182,689. 

Drinking water can help someone lose weight. This increases the rate at which our body breaks down fat

Mark Sanchez on the Super Bowl “ a guaranteed day off”, "One who walks in another's tracks leaves no footprints." 

"Fake people are like mirrors, you can see right through them." 

The biggest mistake people make in life is not making a living at doing what they most enjoy." - Malcolm S. Forbes 

"Yearning for the seemingly impossible is the path to human progress." - Bryant H. McGill, Free Pizzia if you guess(fb or tweet to us)  the final score of Bruin Game today before the game starts

 

 

“ Bs X, NY  Y, Give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza,

 

One guess ,  per customer. All guesses must be in before game starts, Left-handed people are more susceptible to negative emotions (like anger) and are more affected by fear. 

Abercrombie burns all it’s unsold clothes. They won’t donate because it is a bad image for the company for poor people to have their clothes 

Nothing happens unless first a dream." - Carl 

We don't do average. Average is the top of the bottom and the bottom of the top. We do excellence, Looking at your text book and thinking, "What a waste of trees. 

MENstruation, MENopause, MENtal breakdowns...Notice how most of women's problems begins with men 

We have all experienced the pain of watching a slow typer 

Schwarzenegger never blinks in Terminator 2., If caterpillars are placed in a circle, they will continuously follow each other around until death. 

The drug Scopolamine, aka “The Devils Breath”, is a substance so intense that it renders a person incapable of exercising free will 

There’s a sequel book to “Charlie and the Chocolate Factory” called “Charlie and the Great Glass Elevator.” 

Steven Spielberg had the cast of Privat Ryan do real military training,except Matt Damon. so the other actors showed real resentment to him, Never go to bed angry, stay awake and plot your revenge. 

Dear Kit Kat commercial, How come when I break Kit Kats they don't sound like that. 

*In a hotel* Seeing a "Do Not Disturb" sign and automatically saying "They're definitely getting it in right now." 

Sitting in a lesson thinking, why the hell will I need this in the future., Yawning Is your body's way of saying 20% of Battery Remaining. 

It's amazing how 3 words can change your day: I love you - I hate you - We are done - Twitter over capacity. 

Never go to bed angry, stay awake and plot your revenge. . 

Me: "Dad I want to go to a 50 cent concert." Dad: "Here is one dollar, And take your sister too., The world's largest Gothic cathedral is in New York City. It is the Cathedral of St. John the Divine on Amsterdam Avenue and 112th Street 

There is no I in a team! Unless you work for apple. 

If you can't "CHANGE" your girlfriend; Change your "GIRLFRIEND" 

Dear "think before you speak", You have been replaced..... Sincerely, "google before you tweet., 100,000 people DIE every year from medication mistakes! 

A 3-year-old girl was raised by DOGS until she was 8 

Before 1917, goalies (in hockey) were not allowed to fall to the ice to make saves or else they were penalized. 

Israel is one-quarter the size of the state of Maine., To “decimate” does not mean to obliterate or wipe out. It means to destroy one-tenth of something 

In the 2005 Tour de France, the FASTEST finisher never linked to doping came in 23rd 

A species of LIZARD that are 100 percent females and they’re nicknamed the Lesbian Lizards! 

The words “naked” and “nude” are not the same. Naked implies unprotected. Nude means unclothed, Anything in the fridge? Nope. Freezer? Nope. Cabinets? Nope. Time to check the fridge again. 

Dear people with eggs as their profile picture, No one takes your tweets seriously. Sincerely, Everybody with profile pictures. 

Writing an essay requires at least one Facebook/Twitter break 

The Sahara Desert comprises an area as large as Europe. It's total land mass is some 3,565,565 square miles, In 1934, the company adopted the name LEGO, which was formed from the words “LEg GOdt” meaning “play well.” 

Without Twitter we would refresh our Facebook page every 10 seconds. 

That awkward moment when you realize that you texted the wrong person. 

Why does Facebook give you the option to like your own status? Of course we do. Who would post something they don't like in the first place., Virgos are addicted to work and keeping busy more than any other sign. Their vices are drinking and smoking in order to try to relax. 

Leos partake in just about every addiction under the sun, gambling, drinking, chasing sex and using hard drugs all at the same time. 

Cancers tend to stress about body image and combat insecurity by smoking to stay thin 

Geminis are moody signs, and their moods feed a drive for sex, adrenaline and a passion for cigarettes., Capricorns are less likely to fall into addiction than other signs., being so uptight causes Caps are more likely to have eating disorders 

A Sagittarius is a notoriously restless , and she fills that need for activity with promiscuous sex, alcohol and cigarettes to stay happy 

Scorpios are more likely to be in the grasp of sex and pornography addictions than any other sign 
 
Libras are the most prominent idealists, but when they fall hard, they resort to recreational drugs more than most other signs, Chocolate Almond Cupcake
 

$1.99

Flourless Chocolate Cake With Toasted Almond Topped With Vanilla Butter Cream & Vanilla Cake Crumbles, Thanks phone, for being strong everytime i dropped you.. 

Accomplishing something before the microwave reaches :00.. 

A Pisces commonly drinks as a way of handling stress and enduring a failed romance 

The Aquarius is an adventurous sign. She is more likely to fall under the spell of recreational drugs than just about anybody else, I hate it when i sleep at someones house and wake up AGES before them. 

I always wonder what I look like from someone elses eyes. 

When I was a kid I........no wait, I still do that. 

Dear Math, Grow up and solve your own problems.., Top 10 things overheard at the golden globes #9 why cant every winner be a lesbian 

Trying To Tell My Parents A Funny Story ... And It Turns Into A Life Lesson 

Why is Monday so far away from Friday, and Friday so bloody close to Monday. 

Pandas are the least racist animal, they're black, white AND asian, I Dont care How Comfortable Crocs Are, You Look Like A Dumb. 

When i read ur text messages I can hear exactly how you would say it. 

Top 10 things overheard at the golden globes #2 sofia vergara just won for best globes 

Top 10 things overheard at the golden globes #6 really--another film about almon fishing in yeman?, I haven't lost it, I just Cant Find It !! 

Dear Homework, You're Not Attractive and I'm Not Doing You 

That awkward moment when you glance at someone staring at you. 

Im a good enough person to forgive you, but not stupid enough to trust you, Telling your mom something you find HILARIOUS..... and ending up getting yelled at. 

Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young. - Henry For 

Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking. William B. Sprague 

"My tastes are simple: I am easily satisfied with the best." -Winston S. Churchill, We ALL have that one ex that we thought was the one. 

Sometimes I wonder if that kid in the Dreamworks logo has caught a fish yet. 

Dear Facebook, I can't believe you still haven't gotten that dislike button. Sincerely, YouTube 

Throwing your phone in anger, and then checking to see if it's ok., I hate that sunday night school the next day feeling 

I'd rather do nothing at your house than at mine 

oh im sorry, i forgot i only exist to you when you need something from me 

Comebacks that make the whole room go OOOOOHHHHHH', talk to you all night, die from lack of sleep next day..worth every minute 

I forgot your name, so i'm waiting for somebody to say it. 

Apple's App Store has crossed the 40 BILLION download mark. About HALF of those downloads came in 2012 alone! 

Stopping the microwave before it hits 0:00 to avoid hearing the BEEPs, I would take a bullet for u.. Not the head but like in the leg or something 

If you ask me to hold your drink, I will drink it. 

realizing you're wrong in the middle of an argument but continuing to argue 

Sleeping with one leg out of the covers, Waking up in the night, and then realizing you still have hours to sleep 

Ohh thats a tan?.. I thought you got attacked by a mob of orange markers 

I Dont Need Anger Management ... You Just Need To Stop Pissin Me Off !! 

Why do we have to be quiet during a fire drill? Will the fire hear us?, I miss childhood, where the hardest decision was picking a crayon 

Flipping the Pillow Over to Get to the Cold Side 

Saying I'm almost there when you actually haven't even left the House 

After an arguement I think about clever things I should have said, Les Misérables won golden globe for best musical or comedy= musical, Anne Hathaway singing, Comedy =Russel Crow singing 

I've always wanted to mattress surf down a long flight of stairs 

In Kindergarten, we called it cooties. In High School we call it STDs. 

I just wrote you a long meaningful paragraph do NOT reply back with 'k', Don't worry, I also don't know what to do while they sing me Happy Birthday 

The urge to smile when someone is yelling at you 

I HATE when teachers say: From all the talking, I assume everyone is done 

Thinking Of Everything You Have Done When Your Parents Say Come Here Now!, BUT MOM...why would any of my friends jump off a bridge 

I change into sweatpants as soon as I get home. 

There Should Be A Nobody Cares Button. 

you remind me of a penny , beacuse ur two faced and worthless (:, •  I don't know which face to talk to, since you have two 

Mom/Dad, we're in public...don't....don't do that... 

Feeling like a ninja when I drop something and catch it. 

Finding a bruise or cut on your body and not knowing how you got it, The set of "Saved By The Bell" was never taken down completely and has been used for many other shows like "That's So Raven" and "iCarly." 

Until the early 1800s, the slang term for balls was "twiddle-diddles." 

The most push ups performed in one day by a single person was 46,001 

Everyday, Americans collectively buy 5 million products that are related to Mickey Mouse., Atychiphobia is the fear of failure. 

People are more likely to tilt their heads to the right when kissing instead of the left (65 percent of people go to the right) 
 
About 10 people a week are hospitalized from injuries suffered while playing Wii games 

Google was originally called BackRub, Johnny Depp dropped out of school at the age of 15 with hopes of becoming a rock star 

Atychiphobia is the fear of failure. 

People are more likely to tilt their heads to the right when kissing instead of the left (65 percent of people go to the right) 

About 10 people a week are hospitalized from injuries suffered while playing Wii games, After 2 years of use, 1/3rd of your pillow's weight comes from dead skin, bugs, dead dust mites and their droppings 

The rumbling/growling sound your stomach makes is called Borborygmus. 

NASA has developed an Office of Planetary Protection, in the event that life IS found on other planets 

All 13 minerals required to sustain human life can be found in alcoholic beverages, Metathesiophobia is the fear of change 

A single session of lovemaking uses the same amount of energy as 7.5 hours of standing around at a cocktail party. 

Sea otters have been ranked the cutest animal in the world by Animal Planet 

Falling coconuts kill 150 people every year., There are gay SWANS who only mate with females to get eggs, once they get eggs they hatch them with their gay partner. 

95% of the universe is made up of "Dark Matter" and no one knows what dark matter is. 

When iPhone 4s was announced, it was thought that the name is an acronym for " iPhone 4 Steve 

There is Dyslexia for math called Dyscalculia in which sufferer faces difficulty in understanding the numbers and mathematical calculation, By memorizing the lyrics of songs, you can reduce the risk of developing psychological disorders and increase memory capacity. 

A woman named Joan Ginther has won multi-million-dollar scratchcard lottery 4 times since 1993. 

Smokey, a cat from UK holds the Guinness Record for loudest Purr, measured at 92dB, louder than a lawn mower 

Siri is male in the UK and France, it's female in the U.S -- Americans find women's voices more pleasing on digital devices than man's., Be your best, and life will be too." 

"You've got one job, and that is to get better." - Derrick Rose 

If you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best." - Marilyn Monroe 

Everything is okay in the end. If it's not okay, then it's not the end.", Cupidtino” is a dating site only for Apple fans and you are not allowed to make an account using a Windows computer 

In the year 2000, there were 4 reality TV shows on air - By 2010, there were over 320. 

You can buy Holy Water on Amazon for $12. 

McDonald’s feeds 1% of the entire world’s population on a daily basis, On August 14, 2010, in China, world's longest traffic jam occurred which was about 60 miles long and lasted for nearly 10 days 

All the black actors casted in the movie 'Gone With the Wind' were not allowed to attend the premiere of the movie. 

According to the law of Saudi Arabia, it is illegal for women to drive a car but are allowed to pilot airplanes 

Dogs and cats have a dominant paw -- Males are most likely left paw dominant and females are most likely right paw dominant, Nobody gets to live life backward. Look ahead, that is where your future lies." - Ann Landers 

Our thoughts and imagination are the only real limits to our possibilities." - Orison Swett Marden 

"The big secret in life is that there is no big secret. Whatever your goal, you can get there if you're willing to work." - Oprah Winfrey 

Do not confuse motion and progress. A rocking horse keeps moving but does not make any progress." - Alfred A. Montapert, There was (briefly) an British remake of That 70′s Show, with the exact same characters and plot. 

Civilization IV was the first video game to ever be NOMINATED for and win a Grammy 

"Every great story on the planet happened when someone decided not to give up, but kept going no matter what." - Spryte Loriano 

Life is like a game of poker: If you don't put any in the pot, there won't be any to take out." - Jackie "Moms" Mabley, On August 14, 2010, in China, world's longest traffic jam occurred which was about 60 miles long and lasted for nearly 10 days 

All the black actors casted in the movie 'Gone With the Wind' were not allowed to attend the premiere of the movie. 

According to the law of Saudi Arabia, it is illegal for women to drive a car but are allowed to pilot airplanes 

Dogs and cats have a dominant paw -- Males are most likely left paw dominant and females are most likely right paw dominant, Doing your laundry, then realizing you forgot to wash the one thing you actually wanted to wear 

LEGO has a secret vault with all the sets they've ever made! 

Britain has a large number of GHOST TRAINS, which even have groupies 

"It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting." - Paulo Coelho, There is a Buddhist temple made out of an estimated 1.5 MILLION beer bottles! 

Shakespeare made the first KNOWN knock-knock joke! 

The Beatles stopped touring because their music could not be amplified loud enough to compete with screaming crowd noise 

The Topgun flight school has a FINE for any staff member who references the MOVIE, yz, I hate when someone tells me the ending of a movie I'm going to see. 

Worrying works! 90% of the things I worry about never happen. 

If we're not supposed to talk to strangers, how do we make friends? 

The most active person made the alarm and the most laziest made the snooze button, There's DIE in DIET. 

I hate when I'm eating something crunchy in a quiet room. 

I wish I could anonymously comment on people's facebook statuses. 

I hate when my friends change my phone setting., See, the problem is that God gives men a brain and a penis, and only enough blood to run one at a time 

If someones stupid enough to walk out of your life, be smart enough to let them go 

That moment when you have 5% battery left and you run like a ninja to get your charger., Just Preseason -Mike Brown's Fault -Just Nov. -Howard Isn't 100% -Wait Until Nash Is Back -Just Dec. -Wait Until Steve Blake Is Back 

Rob Ryan says he'll be out of work for 5 minutes. Dallas fast food employees who will now be out of work for 5 years find this insensitive 

Good thing Barry Bonds didn't get into Hall of Fame in his first ballot year, nobody wants to see him get a big head 

For the record, Kevin Garnett doesn't wake up early enough for breakfast, he just eats cereal as a snatch food., If at first you don't succeed, buy her another beer 

Even staring at a wall becomes interesting while studying. 

Sidney Crosby not sure if concussion symptoms will return in time to miss season opener 

Jets say they're willing to trade Sanchez, McElroy, Tebow, and 3 top picks to Redskins for RGIII strapped to a Roomba., Al Roker Revelations #9 joined the mile high club on the nbc traffic chopper 

Impotence: Nature's way of saying "No hard feelings." 

Texting the person next to you stuff you cant say out loud. 

Dear Human, You get mad when I wake you up, & you also get mad when I don`t wake you. Sincerely, Confused Alarm Clock., Al Roker Revelations #5 Disqualified from the weather hall of fame for gambling on the heat index 

Al Roker Revelations #7 willard scott has nailed half hte 100th birday ladies 

Al Roker Revelations #7 gets his forecast by watching the weather channel 

Al Roker Revelations #8 hd stomach stapled,kidney paperclipped, Waitress:Have i kept you waiting long? Customer: No,but did you know there are 3,296 squares on the ceiling? 

Al Roker Revelations #1 thinks cumulonimbus is something
you do for your wife 

Al Roker Revelations #2 NBC tour once walked in on him rokering himself 

Al Roker Revelations #3 gained 200 lb to land heavy-set weatherman gig, Top 6 things Musburger really wanted to say to mccarron girlfriend #5 If U could see me right now, Id be called for illegal use of the hands 

Top 6 things Musburger really wanted to say to mccarron’s girlfriend #6 Is this a hen house in the summer because that is 1 hot chick 

A man in Oregon has made a beer just for dogs, --Finally a way to get dog to lower their sexual inhibitions  

justin bieber caught smoking marijuana, bieber fans disapointed, marijuana fans embarrassed :), Bill Clinton on Django unchained “ what I call it when I’m not wearing pants” 

Top 6 things Musburger really wanted to say to mccarron’s girlfriend #1.Hey honey how about a Musburger with extra sauce 

Top 6 things Musburger really wanted to say to mccarron’s girlfriend #2 Id toss a hail Mary into her end zone 

Top 6 things Musburger really wanted to say to mccarron’s girlfriend #3 Id penetrate her secondary, Big egos are one of the top 5 reasons behind failed relationship 

A man named Tony Wright holds the record for the longest phone call, lasting over 40 hours straight 

Telephonobia is the fear of making or receiving phone calls. 

Ringxiety or is described by experts as a "psycho-acoustic phenomenon" when you hear or feel your cell phone ringing when it's not., About 10,000,000,000 male condoms are used every year worldwide 

Cleopatra's last name was Ptolemy and she was Greek, not Egyptian. 

The drop in serotonin levels in the body when in love, is what causes us to literally obsess about someone 

Married men change their underwear twice as often as single men, The girl who voiced Lilo from "Lilo & Stitch" was also Samara (the creepy long- haired girl) from The Ring. 

The average Canadian is richer than the average American 

Napoleon Bonaparte’s penis was sold to researchers for $3,000. 

Jellyfish and lobsters are considered biologically immortal - They don’t age and will never die unless they are killed., "Never take counsel of your fears." - Stonewall Jackson 

"The tragedy of life is not that it ends so soon, but that we wait so long to begin it." - W. M. Lewis 

"No relationship is a waste of time. The wrong ones teach you the lessons that prepare you for the right one 

"Sometimes the most ordinary things could be made extraordinary, simply by doing them with the right people, The future you see is the future you get." - Robert G. Allen 

"When fate hands us a lemon, let's try to make lemonade." - Andrew Carnegie 

"In one minute you can change your attitude and in that minute you can change your entire day." - Spencer Johnson 

"Failure doesn't mean you are a failure. It just means you haven't succeeded yet." - Robert Schulle, The world's most venomous living creature, Box Jellyfish has 24 eyes and 4 brains. 

David Parker Ray was a Serial Killer, he had built a $100,000 torture chamber in his home just like "Jigsaw" from "Saw" movies. 

Crows are able to remember the faces of people who harassed and abused them -- They invite other crows to join them to take reveng 

Human body is originally programmed for 2 four-hour sleep cycles that is why we often wake up in the middle of night and unable to sleep, Marijuana is now being used to treat Post Traumatic Stress disorder along with several other anxiety disorders 

There exist a technique of future forecasting by reading a person's ass. 

Walt Disney used to relieve stress by getting drunk and spend hours drawing pornographic cartoons featuring the Disney characters. 

Drinking banana milkshake is a perfect cure for hangover, Kobe and Vanessa cancel divorce plans, but Kobe's divorce from this year's playoffs is now final. 

Kobe and Vanessa cancel divorce plans. She is giving him what he loves the most: another shot. 

Dom Capers says Passer Rating Differential "most significant stat" in football. 
 
there are 1 million kids that drop out of school each year, drop outs are 8 times more likely to go to jail, Kim Kardashian never had a baby before, the only thing she knows how to change is husbands 

Customers complain Honey Nut Cheerios taste like the vagina of a woman who has slept with hundreds of NBA players 

France is, like, so Hipster. Hating Lance Armstrong way before it was cool. 

Jets place Tebow in box on side of country road with sign saying "FREE.", Jurassic Park IV will be released on June 13, 2014, produced by Steven Spielberg 

The Limbo world record is under 6 INCHES! 

A spider species in the Amazon makes DECOYS to protect itself from predators! 

Kim Kardashian says if it goes well with Kanye West she may add a kanye east, Sitting in a exam and all you can think of is song lyrics 

My teacher pointed at me a ruler and said:"At the end of this ruler is an idiot" I got detention after I asking which end he was referring 

hate when people ask me "What were you thinking!?" Obviously I was thinking that I'd get away with it and not have to f-ing explain it. 

Chest hair grows in mathematical patterns, How does this teacher manage to call on me to answer every question that I DON'T know!? 

I'll drink responsibly when there is a brand of vodka named Responsibly. 

Wouldn't it be nice if your ipod could detect your mood and make a playlist for it? ;) 

If tomatoes are fruit..... isn't ketchup technically a smoothie?, Taking a nap and waking up and thinking it's morning. Favorite 

The difference between a mosquito and a slut, when you slap a mosquito, it stops sucking. 

Pretending to think hard when your teacher is looking at you. 

The Hobbit used up all the gold paint in New Zealand, If you don't see me online on Facebook for 48 hours, Immediatly call the police. 

"If I were you, I would shut up." ; "Well you're not me, so get over it." 

BRB = I'm not really going anywhere, but neither is this conversation 

For a very short period of time, I was once the youngest person in the world., Saying "what?" and then realizing a second later what they said 

That moment of DISAPPOINTMENT when you don't get the color gum ball you wanted in the gum ball machine 

That moment of joy when you see your food coming in a restaurant. 

Man: will you marry me?? Woman: YES !!!! Man: *takes out phone* Woman: what are you doing?? Man: updating my relationship status on Facebook, The word Apron used to be Napron 

Al Capone's car was used by Pres Roosevelt- US Treasury seized the bulletproof car that Al Capone owned when he was sent to jail in 1931 

PS. A law in China states. You must be intelligent to attend college. That's a law we could use in the USA. 

Twitter is like high school; There are the famous, the popular, the haters, the noobs, and the people that no one listens to, Only about 1% of the population has a "genius" IQ of 140 or higher. 

Adele's album "21" was the best-selling album of 2011 in the U.S. -- As well as the best-selling digitally downloaded album of all time, Playing video games before bedtime gives an ability to control dreams -- Gamers are more likely to have lucid dreams than non-gamers 

The British television show "Top Gear" is the most watched show with an estimated 350 million viewers in 170 countries 

Bigorexia (Muscle dysmorphia) is a disorder in which a person becomes obsessed with working out because they are not muscular enough 

Celebriphilia is the abnormally intense desire to have a romantic or sexual encounter with a celebrity, Oliver Stone, at the time of writing the script for the movie ‘Scarface’, was battling himself in an attempt to stop his cocaine addiction. 

The is no record available that Steve Jobs has ever given any money to any charity 

A man died of heart attack by ingesting a bottle of viagra after he tried to win a bet of having 12 hour sex marathon with two prostitutes 

Backstreet Boys offered Ryan Gosling to become a member of their band but he refused the offer to pursue his acting career, Best erogenous zone is the neck. why so many women fantasize about vampires, Women love the tingly sensation they get from neck touches 

The scream of Nazgul in "Lord of the Ring" movies was actually Peter Jackson's wife screaming with a sore throat 

"And Then There Were None" the best selling detective novel of all time was initially published under the title "Ten Little N word" 

Cremaster muscle" is a muscle covering the testes which is involved with the sinking feeling you get when you look over the side of a cliff, Trace your finger around her navel when you're talking and maybe give it a kiss if you're already in the area. 

The breasts, (the nipples). Give them a lot of care to turn her on & see her squirm: •Squeezing •Licking •Sucking •Caressing •Pinching 

lips an erogenous zone for females. get a woman's mind racing. •Lick her lip •Bite her lip •Kiss her deeply and strongly 

2nd E zone is the Bottom, skin of this area is not extremely sensitive, it's the one area where you can ,Just grab, I want to be all used up when I die." - George Bernard Shaw 

Consider how hard it is to change yourself & you'll understand what little chance you have in trying to change others." - Benjamin Franklin 

inner thigh is extremely sensitive & contains a lot of nerve endings, touching it will turn a woman on. Do stroke slowly. Do grope/massage 

the woman is the one trying to nibble on the guy's ear, that's just a hint.•The area just behind the earlobe is usually the most sensitive, Google rents out goats from a grazing company to help mow their lawns b/c it's cuter to watch than a bunch of lawn mowers 

Your body can do anything. It's just your brain you have to convince." 

I always felt that my greatest asset was not my physical ability, it was my mental ability." - Bruce Jenner 

You're either in or you're out. There's no such thing as life in-between." - Pat Riley, 19% of spinal cord injuries are sports related, with close to 8,000 injuries every year. 

I Hate When One String of My Hoodie Becomes Longer Than the Other 

2012 had the warmest weather of any year on record , 357 new record warm records 

I Hate When One String of My Hoodie Becomes Longer Than the Other, That awkward moment when a two faced bit*h says she hates two faced bit*hes 

That long sarcastic laugh you give before you say NO! 

When I watch MTV Cribs, the feeling of guilt from illegally downloading songs goes away 

Your brain burns 20% of your daily calories, despite only being 2% of your body mass., Parents call it: "Talking Back" We call it: -----> EXPLAINING 

special achivement academy is being given to murry sugerman.... the inventor of Botox :) 

BBC News: Survey shows 8 out of 10 men have watched porn online. The other 2 were too busy to answer 

People are funny: They spend money they dont have, to buy things they dont need, to impress people they dont like, Parents call it: "Talking Back" We call it: -----> EXPLAINING 

special achivement academy is being given to murry sugerman.... the inventor of Botox :) 

BBC News: Survey shows 8 out of 10 men have watched porn online. The other 2 were too busy to answer 

People are funny: They spend money they dont have, to buy things they dont need, to impress people they dont like, Those who criticize our generation forget who raised it. 

I can't believe Google is cocky enough to start guessing after one letter 

The awkward moment when mid-argument, you realize that you are actually wrong 

Whatever = Women's way of saying FCUK YOU!, top 10 films not nomined for 85th academy wards . Life of Pie 

Teacher: Do you know what comes after 69? Boy: Yes ma'am, mouthwash. 

Dear Chair, I know you get more ass than me but I get more head. Sincerely, Pillow 

I say no to Twitter, but it doesn't listen, Some days my phone’s battery is like “I’m here for you buddy.” Other days its like “hey man, fu*k you. 

Top 10 films not reciving an academy nomination " story of vomiting robot" 

top 10 movies Not to recive academy nomination. " Donald Trump demands to see lincoln's birth certificate 

90% of the time when I say "brb" it just means I don't want to talk to you anymore., star of the las vagas tech show is a folk that tell you when your eating too much:) 

The awkward moment when you check the price tag..... and sadly, go away. 

If a cop stops me and says "papers" and I say "scissors" do I win? 

Facebook is the second most popular word that starts with an "F" and ends with a "K", Charging your phone 5 minutes before you leave, because you think it will make a difference 

Checking your phone to see what time it is and checking it again because the first time you weren't paying attention. 

No one is as ugly as their passport picture and nobody is as attractive as their profile picture 

apple is thinking of making a less expensive version of the iphone,,,,,,,they are going to call it a sansung :), Everyone is guilty of smiling and saying "yeah" when they have absolutely no clue what someone just said. 

❒ Single ❒ Taken ✔ Unable to find love because my standards have been set unrealistically high after mentally dating a celebrity 

My attitude in exams, they give me questions I don't know, I give them answers they don't know. 

There are 6,775,235,841 people in the world. Why are you letting one of them ruin your life?, I wish mirrors and pictures would get together and agree on what I really look like.. 

Not reading the Terms and Conditions and putting "I Agree" cause you're a fearless bastard 

If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of payments 

Justin beber is being sued for beating up an ex body guard……..why did beber hire a body guard that he could beat up???, Cowboys call Monte Kiffin on his Life Alert to let him know he's been signed. 

Tiger Woods wants a $3 million appearance fee to play in a shitty Qatar tournament, or what Elin would call $1.5 million 

Current Nielsen rating for Bobcats vs Raptors: 0.000003. 

Scientists say the universe is made up of protons, neutrons and electrons. They forgot to mention morons, Sales of Honey Nut Cheerios reportedly up 15% since Kevin Garnett comments. 

Jim Buss says Lakers are "very solid." The kind of solid that takes 3 laxatives to get rid of. 

Christian Ponder says he sat out because he couldn't throw further than 10 yards, which turned out to be 3 yards further than Joe Webb 

Picture reveals former Knicks coach Mike D'Antoni has a tattoo of a Honey Nut Cheerios box wearing a Jeremy Lin jersey, Blue color has a calming effect, releases calming hormones in the brain. Therefore many big co. like Twitter, Facebook, Skype etc are blue! 

Jaguars dismiss interest in Tebow. Tebow resumes his prayer for Skip Bayless to become an NFL GM 

Larry Bird is still complaining about the time Barkley said his wife tasted like unflavored oatmeal. 

After disappointing game of Truth or Dare with his 8 year old son, Rob Chudzinski becomes Browns head coach, The robot that 'NASA' sent to Mars has 14 years of battery. They should build smartphones 

There is a museum in Spain that shows two T Rex skeletons having sex 

Chocolate is good for your teeth. Chocolate can help fight against bacteria in the mouth and stop dental decay. 

The longest case of hiccups lasted 68 years, The average American breaks about 5 laws a day. 

In Ancient Greece, a brothel was called a "fuckery." 

2013 is the first year not to contain a repeated digit since ''1987'' 

One alcoholic drink a day can reduce your risk of type 2 diabetes by up to 30%, The fear of having, seeing, or thinking about an erect penis is called "ithyphallophobia." 

There is a spider in 'Brazil', whose bites can cause an erection that lasts for hours! 

Before going to bed, 93% people count that how many hours of sleep they're going to get! 

Georgians have a word for when you're full, but can't stop eating a good meal. It's "shemomedjamo.", The world's oldest dog on record lived to be 29 years old. 

After reading this tweet you will realize that the the brain doesn't recognize a second "the'' 

HECK" is a mixture of "hell and fuck 

In ancient Greece, throwing an apple to a woman was considered a marriage proposal. If she caught it, it means she accepted., my sister forgot her email password and the only clue she had to remember it was " you should know this" 

my friend put a bunch of meat ouside the tent while camping, claiming . " the bears willbe too full to eat us 

my mom wrote down our security system code and tacked it up above the alarm key pad so she wouldn't forget it 

my best friend asked a waitress at a mexican restaurant how to say " burrito " in spanish, I broke up with my boyfreind and he said" you'll never meet a guy like me." I said , Duh, that's the point!" 

my dad is convinced " hashtag" is another word for marijuana 

my brother asked me to pas the guatemala dip for his chips 

"Expect the best. Prepare for the worst. Capitalize on what comes." Zig Ziglar, The Universe, human brain cells and the internet all have similar network structures. 

Your leg can get paralyzed if you sit on your wallet too much. 

Bears to interview Texans OC Rick Dennison 

Never put off till tomorrow what you can ignore entirely., That awkward moment when someones telling you something & you have to pretend like your interested. 

That awkward moment when half way through telling a story you realise its pointless 

Your future depends on your dreams - So go to sleep! 

Few women admit their age. Few men act theirs., In about 20 years, the hardest thing our kids will have to find is a username that isn’t taken. 

Shhh! Did you heard that?” “What? I heard nothing.” “Exactly, it’s the sound of no one cares.” 

That annoying moment when someone tries to look at your screen while you're texting. 

If he only wants you for your breasts, legs and thighs..... Send him to KFC, Kissing is good for your heart. It helps stabilize cardiovascular activity, decreases blood pressure and decreases cholesterol

The NHL's revenue of $3.3 NFL ($9 billion), Major League Baseball ($7.5 billion) NBA ($5 billion), 

The fridge is a clear example that what matters is what’s inside. 

i had a dream it was monday morning and i woke up crying, People with blue eyes are better able to see in the dark. 

Each day, more than $40 trillion dollars are touched by human hands worldwide 

During a kiss, natural antibiotics are secreted in the saliva. Saliva also contains a natural anesthetic that helps relieve pain 

Three passionate kisses a day can double your metabolic rate and can help you lose up to a pound., things to do when your board google pacman 

Squirrels forget where they hide about half of their nuts. 

The typical person spends about 600 hours having sex between the ages of 20 and 70 

The average man has 11 erections per day and 9 per night, "It's okay to be scared. Being scared means you're about to do something really, really brave 

"Much good work is lost for the lack of a little more." - Edward H. Harriman 

things to do when your board you tube talking animals 

things to do when your board facebook farmville, Nudiustertian" is an actual English word to describe "The day before yesterday" 

Life is not the way it is supposed to be. It is the way it is. The way you cope with it is what makes the difference." - Virginia Satir 

"I am tomorrow, or some future day, what I establish today. I am today what I established yesterday or some previous day." - James Joyce 

The unhappiest people in this world are those who care the most about what other people think." - C. JoyBell, The "Blackout Haunted House" is a haunted house so terrifying few people actually make it through! 

@hateit2: Went to a restaurant, they asked me if Pepsi was OK 

During the filming of The Exorcist many actors were injured, the set burned down, and a priest was brought in many times to bless the set 

During the ancient Olympic Games a TRUce was made that no army would enter Olympia during the games, The medical term for "brain freeze" is "sphenopalatine ganglioneuralgia 

It is estimated that roughly 30 to 60% of all married individuals will engage in infidelity at some point during their marriage 

314 Americans underwent buttocks lift surgery in 1994. 

You can use your headphones as microphones by plugging them into the microphone jack of your computer., Sina Weibo china's largest socail network 400 million registraed users. 

Humans can reliably identify their blood relatives by smell! 

Men and women generally get angry at the same rate of speed, But it takes woman longer for nervous system to settle down & return to normal 

A Jackson was the 1st & Last president to invite the public to a White House inauguration ball . Only drinks on the lawn cleared the While H, Why do you own a DAMN cell when you never pick it up!!?? 

Laughing harder when you try to explain WHY you're laughing hard. 

The difference between men and boys is the price of their toys 

Success is like being pregnant. Everybody congratulates you, but no one knows how many times you've been fked before :'), Don't text me while im texting you, now i have to change my text. 

I always peek out of my 3-D glasses, just to see the difference. 

always think of good comebacks when it's too late! 

The Happiness You Get When You See Your Download Speed Increasing, Sex scene on TV + Parents in same room = Awkward atmosphere. 

What if Google didn't exist?" "Man we would all be screwed" 

"I'M SO FULL" *eats more* 

WHY DO MY PARENTS THINK IM DOING SOMETHING WRONG WHEN MY DOOR IS CLOSED!?, Kicking a stone along a street, then going out of your way to kick it again 

FREAKING OUT WHEN SOMETHING TOUCHES YOUR FOOT IN THE SEA. 

I walk aroung while brushing my teeth coz I get bored standing there 

Telling inanimate objects to STAY when they look like they're going to fall, The first condoms were a standard 8 inches long and tied securely at the base of the penis with a pink ribbon 

In Sparta, for a marriage to be complete, the bride had to shave her head and dress up as a man and have sex with her groom. 

The Boston Strangler, Jack the Ripper, and Osama Bin Laden were lefties 

Scientifically, blue-eyed people are mutants, the mutation occurred between 6,000 and 10,000 years ago., The "Blackout Haunted House" is a haunted house so terrifying few people actually make it through! 

@hateit2: Went to a restaurant, they asked me if Pepsi is OK 

During the filming of The Exorcist many actors were injured, the set burned down, and a priest was brought in many times to bless the set 

During the ancient Olympic Games a TRUce was made that no army would enter Olympia during the games, Sina Weibo china's largest socail network has 400 million registraed users. 

Humans can reliably identify their blood relatives by smell! 

Men and women generally get angry at the same rate of speed, But it takes woman longer for nervous system to settle down & return to normal 

A Jackson was the 1st & Last president to invite the public to a White House inauguration ball . Only drinks on the lawn cleared the While H, Why do you own a DAMN cell when you never pick it up!!?? 

Laughing harder when you try to explain WHY you're laughing hard. 

The difference between men and boys is the price of their toys 

Success is like being pregnant. Everybody congratulates you, but no one knows how many times you've been fked before :'), Don't text me while im texting you, now i have to change my text. 

I always peek out of my 3-D glasses, just to see the difference. 

always think of good comebacks when it's too late! 

The Happiness You Get When You See Your Download Speed Increasing, Sex scene on TV + Parents in same room = Awkward atmosphere. 

What if Google didn't exist?" "Man we would all be screwed" 

"I'M SO FULL" *eats more* 

WHY DO MY PARENTS THINK IM DOING SOMETHING WRONG WHEN MY DOOR IS CLOSED!?, Kicking a stone along a street, then going out of your way to kick it again 

FREAKING OUT WHEN SOMETHING TOUCHES YOUR FOOT IN THE SEA. 

I walk aroung while brushing my teeth coz I get bored standing there 

Telling inanimate objects to STAY when they look like they're going to fall, The awkwardness of standing in an elevator with strangers. 

Oh Google, you always seem to know what I mean to spell. 

Smart girls open their mind, easy girls open their legs, and foolish girls open their heart 

I didn't type that message to exercise my fingers, I want a reply, Don't mix your words with your moods, you can change your mood but you can't take back your words 

In boring classes, I always improve my tweeting skills 

"Awwww I love getting cute texts from the person I love :) <3" SOME OF US DON'T GET CUTE TEXTS. SOME OF US DON'T GET TEXTS AT ALL. 

That Weird Feeling you get when you think Someone's Behind You!, Pretending to text on your phone to avoid awkward situations 

Bill O'Brien claims decision to stay at Penn St. wasn't about money, it was about not coaching the Browns 

The Lakers have hit such a low that they can't even get a Kardashian to go down on them. 

Fat, single and ready for a pringle!, Free Pizzia if you guess(fb or tweet to us)  the final score of NFL playoff game today before the game starts

 

 

â€œ Pats X, Hou Y, Give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza,

 

One guess , per game, per customer. All guesses must be in before game starts, That awkward moment when you're at your friend's house and their parents keep asking you questions 

My back is not a voice mail. If you got something to say to me, say it to my face. 

That awkward moment when your grandma has more facebook friends than you. 

I really feel sorry for that person who writes the terms and conditions, The most ineffective workers are systematically moved to the place where they can do the least damage: Management 

F.L.I.R.T. = Fk Love I'd Rather Tease 

Dear Headphones, stop having rough sex on my pocket. Sincerely, Tired of Untangling wires 

HATE IT When Someones Infront Of You Walks Slower Than You, Top 10 things overheard from Hugh Hefner’s Honeymoon #8 :MY hip 

Top 10 things overheard from Hugh Hefner’s Honeymoon #9 “ Its 3pm ,we are late for dinner 

Top 10 things overheard from Hugh Hefner’s Honeymoon 10 “ oh look a gift basket from Pfizer “ 

Kim Kardashian, Kanye West do not care about the sex of baby, as long as he/she get thier own show, Top 10 things overheard from Hugh Hefner’s Honeymoon #2 Now will you blow on my soup? 

Top 10 things overheard from Hugh Hefner’s Honeymoon #3 ,911 its crystal again 

Top 10 things overheard from Hugh Hefner’s Honeymoon #4 thats what I called wrinkled 

Top 10 things overheard from Hugh Hefner’s Honeymoon #5 it will just take a minuet to inflate, Cleopatra owned one of the world's first vibrators. It was a small container filled with buzzing bees 

The music video for Britney Spears' “...Baby One More Time” was shot at the high school where the movie "Grease" was filmed. 

sansung has a TV so smart it refuses to record Honey Boo Boo 

A Calf Comp  wants to make lots of money opening up marijuana vending machines in Denver . I want to own the candy machine next to it :), Shakespeare invented the words "assassination" and "bump." also Puppy, and tons of other words 

Hitler was claustrophobic. He had the walls of his elevator covered with mirrors to make the space appear more open. 

Alloxodoxaphobia is the fear of opinions. 

Goosebumps" are technically called "piloerections." 

Cleopatra married, not one, but two of her brothers, You can extend the length of a free trial by pushing back the date on your computer. 

If you search for "Google Gravity" and press "I'm Feeling Lucky" the page will fall apart. 

During his or her lifetime, the average person will grow about 590 miles of hair 

Only 10-20% of the population can wiggle their ears and raise one eyebrow., The medical term for "brain freeze" is "sphenopalatine ganglioneuralgia 

It is estimated that roughly 30 to 60% of all married individuals will engage in infidelity at some point during their marriage 

314 Americans underwent buttocks lift surgery in 1994. 

You can use your headphones as microphones by plugging them into the microphone jack of your computer. ......, Free Pizzia if you guess(fb or tweet to us)  the final score of NFL playoff game today before the game starts

 

 

â€œ Pats X, Hou Y, Give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza,

 

One guess , per game, per customer. All guesses must be in before game starts, Joe Biden is probably the most infuentail VP in US history, But Isnt that like being the tallest Hobbet? :) 

congress is getting a pay raise,,like tipping a plummer who clogged the toliet in the 1st play :) 

Pres Obama was determined to raise the tax on rich americans right away, while there are a few left!! 

Top 10 things overheard from Hugh Hefner’s Honeymoon #1 "CLEAR", The eldest children in families tend to develop higher IQs than their siblings 

As of 2011, St. Louis, Missouri is the most dangerous city in America. 

Psychologists say a crush only lasts for 4 months - when feelings last longer, you are considered to be "in love." 

The average speed of a man's orgasm is 28 miles per hour, The "smell of fear" is real, all humans give off a detectable scent when they are sufficiently scared. 

In the final scenes of Titanic, wooden door would have supported both Rose and Jack if they had tied Rose's life jacket underneath. 

You can actually buy a perfume which smells exactly like marijuana. 

Schadenfreude" is a word for that feeling of joy and slight satisfaction you sometimes get from the misfortune of others, "You get to know who you really are in a crisis." - Oprah Winfrey 

I'm a true believer in karma. You get what you give, whether it's bad or good." - Sandra Bullock 

CIA once planned airdropping Extra Large condoms labeled “Medium” onto the Soviets to convince them that U.S army is anatomically superior 

There is a proposal of minting $1 trillion platinum coin to pay off the national debt of U.S., "Nothing is permanent in this wicked world - not even our troubles." - Charlie Chaplin 

"A dream is something that you set for yourself, not what other people set for you." - Natalie du Toit 

"Don't let what you can't do stop you from doing what you can do." - John Wooden 

Sometimes we stare so long at a door that is closing, that we see too late the one that is open." - Alexander Graham Bell, Nobody really cares if you're miserable, so you might as well be happy 

Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other one thing." - Abraham Lincoln 

We learn to walk by stumbling." - Bulgarian Proverb 

"If you've got a talent, protect it." - Jim Carrey, According to NASA, Las Vegas is the brightest city on Earth. 

Luxembourg’s education system is trilingual: the first years of primary school are in Luxembourgish, then German then French 

Filmmaker Mark Lewis had his mother's ashes scattered inside a Bloomingdales in New York 

In Tour de France's 1st 10 years, athletes cheated by taking the BUS!, Free Pizzia if you guess(fb or tweet to us) the final score of NFL playoff game today before the game starts

Pack X, Niners Y, Give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza,

One guess , per game, per customer. All guesses must be in before game starts, Kung-Fu Fighting was originally a B-side ,recorded in 10 mins! studio executive ,heard both & insisted that Kung Fu Fighting be the A-side. 

T.Roosevelt M.Twain, A.Carnegie, & B.Franklin supported the simplified spelling of words. through to thru, night to nite, and though to tho. 

Yeah Twitter becouse #Hashtag has been named The American Dialect Society Word of the Year. Beating out YOLO and Gangnam Style 

Frito-Lay discontinued 100% biodegradable SunChips bags due to the crinkling of the bags causing “noise complaints, Seems like if you're good at gambling, you're a professional. If you're bad at it, it's an addiction 

ADMIT IT - one of the best games of your childhood was not letting the baloon touch the floor. 

When life gets tough, remember: You were the strongest sperm 

If you need space then work at NASA, When I was young, I always thought that all cats are females while all dogs are males. 

The awkward moment when a teacher pronounces your name wrongly and you don't know if you should correct it. 

I always hate it when I'm having a long hot bath and I have to gather the courage to step into the cold air. 

Calling someone without texting first is the new showing up unannounced, Smelly cat..smelly cat..What are they feeding you? Smelly cat,smelly cat..IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT!!! 

Mom, make me some food?" "Get it yourself." "Never mind, I'm not hungry 

While studying I keep looking at my cellphone if any messages have come. 

That moment when you walk through a spider web and instantly become a karate master, girl logic: maybe if i wear this shirt that shows my boobs i'll meet a nice guy who wants me for my personality 

10 Times better than the leading brand! why isn't it the leading brand 

That AWKWARD moment when Notre dame thought they were playing flag football 

I’ve made some mistakes I wish I could make again, The awkward moment when someone buys you a present and you have to pretend you like it. 

duck tape had to be used to restain a drunck airline passanger, or a what south west would call a seat belt 

Wanting someone to say a certain thing because you have the perfect answer 

I LOVE SLEEPING but I never want to go to bed early, Free Pizzia if you guess(fb or tweet to us) the final score of NFL playoff game today before the game starts

Pack X, Niners Y, Give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza,

One guess , per game, per customer. All guesses must be in before game starts, Things I wish were real: 1) Krabby Patties 2) Hogwarts 3) My girlfriend 

Nicki Minaj looks like an unlocked character that you get on the last level of Mortal Kombat. 

I avoid making friends by being honest with people 

There is no "i" in "team." But there's an "i" in "Tim," and my friend Carlos pronounces it "team." So....there, Dwight. H & Kobe nearly came to blows, If  Dwight punches like he shoots foul shots, kobe has nothing to worry about 

HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!" "Aww, you remember my birthday!" "No, facebook told me." 

The 3 biggest lies : "I love you." "I'm fine." "Sorry, that was my last piece of gum." 

Dear Sneeze, Please come out of my nose already. Sincerely, my about-to-sneeze face looks weird., Metathesiophobia is the fear of change. 

Ochocinco is suing 2 web sites for Releasing Footage of him having sex with tattooed lady , 1st highlight reel Chad has made in 2 years 

Lindsay Lohan just got evicted from her B hills mansion, ,,,there is 1 place Lindsay can always crash..............her car:) 

jobless rate for 18-29 yr olds. is 11.5%. Parents that means your kids are not only home for the holidays, But for good, "Love at first sight" typically means falling in love with someone within the first hour of meeting them. 

People who are more likeable and attractive are generally perceived as more intelligent. This is called the "Halo Effect." 

We are more likely to love or hate people that are very similar to us. 

Gamophobia is the fear or marriage, Women who associate with males frequently find that their periods become shorter and more regular. 

A woman will spend about 3,500 days of her lifetime menstruating. 

As a group, 18 to 24 year-olds deprived of sleep suffer more from impaired performance than older adults. 

Left-handed people are more likely to be autistic or geniuses than right-handed people, Elvis recorded more than 650 songs in his career, "Heartbreak Hotel" first #1 and "Suspicious Minds" last. But he didn't write a song. 

Elvis Presley is the best-selling solo artist history . 18 songs made it to #1 on the Billboard charts between 1956 and 1969 -- " 

The average human produces 25,000 quarts of spit in a lifetime -- Enough to fill two swimming pools. 

There is a huge vault that keeps the secret to Coca-Cola, Sloths are so slow that they would take around 50 hours to finish their sexual intercourse 

Princess Aurora (Sleeping Beauty) was real in 1697. Her real name is L'Aurore 

Superglue Burns Cotton. and it releases a toxic smoke 

Superglue can be used to affix coral to rock beds in the ocean to allow for the growth of new corals. Who knew superglue was waterproof, Two people were killed in the process of finding the tree that was featured on U2’s album ‘The Joshua Tree’ 

You can buy glow in the dark pet cats in South Korea. 

The primary function of sleep in humans is to save the important info in permanent memory and delete all the unimportant junk from the mind 

Watching horror films can burn up to 200 calories, same as a half-hour walk -- Scary movies burn more calories than any other genre, Mother Nature, or the green Earth as we know it, is slowly turning into a desert at a rate of about 40 square miles a day. 

In 1893 the problem of whether tomato is a fruit or a vegetable was registered in the US Supreme Court. 

Famous scientist, Tesla was deeply in love with a female pigeon and once said "I loved that pigeon as a man loves a woman, and she loved me" 

The East German secret police, Stasi, effected and tortured their victims psychologically by sending their wives/girlfriends vibrators, Ignore those who talk behind your back, it simply means that you are two steps ahead 

Why are you going to choose failure when success is an option?" - Jillian Michaels 

It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting." - Paulo Coelho 

Shakespeare most likely smoked pot because his home garden was dug up and pipes containing traces of cannabis were found, That awkward moment when you realized they were waving at the person *behind* you 

The best revenge is just moving on and getting over it. Don't give someone the satisfaction of watching you suffer." 

It's not the situation... it's your reaction to the situation." - Bob Conklin 

You have a masterpiece inside you, you know. No one else can paint it. Only you." - Gordon MacKenzie, Statistically, 93 percent of marketing is based on visual appeal and 85 percent of shoppers place the importance on color 

a man used a whistel he got in a captin crunch box to hack into att's computers in 1971 

A pound of dimes is worth exactly the same as a pound of quarters. 

The NFL estimates that more than 100 children are conceived every year at tailgate parties in the Super Bowl parking lot, I wish music played during epic moments in my life and not just in movies 

I accidentally typed ;) instead of :) and now it’s awkward. 

Waving to the security cameras when you enter a store 

Bears are attracted to duct tape! it’s not the tape itself, it’s the adhesive (the sticky stuff) that they are attracted to, Microsoft Word Will Never Understand That My Name is NOT a Spelling Mistake 

Is 3x-7y+(1/2) b really gonna help me in life? 

Making your font type bigger so it looks like you’ve written more 

I wish music played during epic moments in my life and not just in movies, Vegetarians maliciously starve animals by competing with them for the same food 

HOT SURFACE, DO NOT TOUCH! “Hmmmm, I wonder how hot is hot..... AHHH!! 

Going to MacDonalds for a salad roll is like going to a brothel for a hug. 

 “Let’s eat Grandma” or “Let’s eat, Grandma”- Punctuation saves lives, That moment when Dora the explorer discovers Google maps. 

I hate when waiters ask, "Are you done with that?" When the plate is completely clear or half full 

I did it on my bed.. I did it on the couch.. I did it in the car... Texting is such an obsession. 

Forgetting towel before going into the shower., That awkward moment when you're at someone's house and you hate the food they have for dinner 

Great minds think alike but dirty minds work together. ;) 

When life gives Lady Gaga lemons, she makes a dress out of them. Expand 

Teenagers are the most misunderstood people on the planet. They're treated like children and expected to act like adults, Remember when using "protection" meant wearing your helmet? 

I'm not hiding anything, but stop looking at my phone while I'm texting. 

Dear music, thanks for being there for me when no one else was, Sincerely, Teenagers 

I want to thank all the pornsites for being there for me when things got hard, A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. Ayn Rand 

It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. Aristotle Onassis, France has a small population of wild Kangaroos. 

the senete swore in a record 20 female senators, congrats 

Some species of eels travel up to 4,000 miles to breed, a journey which can take up to seven months 

Piranhas are known for their sharp, pointed teeth and sharklike feeding frenzies, but the threat to humans is largely exaggerated, Fire ants link together to form a living, unsinkable raft during floods 

Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. Thomas A. Edison 

A castrated male toad will turn into a sexually functional female. 

If you're going through hell, keep going. Winston Churchill, I've worked too hard and too long to let anything stand in the way of my goals. I will not let my teammates down or myself down. Mia Hamm 

With the ability to sprint at speeds up to 40 mph even jackrabbits have a hard time staying ahead of a coyote. 

Male dolphins separate female dolphins from their families and deny them food until they agree to mate 

If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success. John D. Rockefeller, Be gentle to all and stern with yourself. Saint Teresa of Avila 

A tiger is most likely to win a fight against a lion. 

Quality is not an act, it is a habit. Aristotle 

The peregrine falcon is a powerful flier and attacks its prey in a steep dive, during which it may reach a speed of 145 mph., The highest jump by a pig is 70cm (27.5in), achieved by pot-bellied pig Kotetsu at the Mokumoku Tedsukuri Farm, Japan 

Btw 1939 and 1989 300,000 spanish new-born babies have been stolen in hospitals by a child trafficking network of hospital employees 

Old cats meow more because they have kitty Alzheimer’s. 

There is a cat in a Rhode Island nursing home that was able to predict 50 patient deaths and would curl up in bed with them till they passed, A snail can sleep for 3 years at a stretch 

Most elephants weigh less than the tongue of a blue whale 
 

there is no rib meat in McDonalds McRib, McDonalds thought the name was better than McSnout 

One of P!nk's dogs was named after a swear word, because when she found this dog, he started humping her leg., A “cork-tease” is someone who constantly talks about the wine he or she will open but never does 

The number of cricket chirps you count in a 15-second interval, plus 37, will give you the current air temperature 

The hummingbird is the only animal that can fly backwards 

Kissing has the biological purpose of passing on biological information to assess mating possibilities and status, Male bison live apart and only enter the female herds during mating season, when the males fight over access to females. 

Paintball guns were invented to mark livestock. 

Known in Europe and Asia as reindeer, the caribou is the only species of deer in which both sexes bear antlers 

Mosquitos are attracted to the color blue twice as much as to any other color, A study has found that the first two years of college are basically useless. 

There’s an internet-enabled jacket which gives you a “hug” every time a Facebook friend likes your status 

Camels have either one hump (Dromedary) or two humps (Bactrian). Both species store fat in their humps for use during lean times 

Dolphins go on killing sprees when they are sexually frustrated, There is a man made satellite orbiting Earth, to come back down in 8.4 million yrs, carrying maps of today’s Earth for future residents 

Betty White has been nominated for an Emmy in six different decades. 

No other animal has a longer pregnancy term than that of the elephant which is documented at an average of 22 months 

An elephant can smell water 3 miles away, Ladies, if a guy breaks your heart, break his XBOX. then he'll feel your pain 

4 STAGES OF LIFE: You believe in Santa Claus; You don't believe in Santa Claus; You are Santa Claus; You look like Santa Claus 

TEAMWORK means never having to take all the blame yourself. 

A red blood cell can travel around your entire body and get back to where it started in less than 20 seconds., The first Thanksgiving celebration lasted three days and was celebrated in Plymouth, Massachusetts. 

Bacon sandwiches really do cure hangovers 

Why is "porn" not a standard button on keyboards yet? 

Porn accounts for a third of all data transferred across the internet, Two guys drove from New York to Los Angeles in just 31 hours. 

Dear Overweight dog owners, Who's walking who? Sincerely, Bystanders 

Harrison Ford uses his personal helicopter in search and rescue missions. 

I'm in the process of developing a new diet where you basically drink tons of alcohol and just hope for the best, How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire? 

Evening news is where they begin with 'Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't. 

Hugh Jackman only accepted the cameo in X-Men Origins because he got to use the word “fuck 

Having sex is like playing bridge. If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand., Good girls are bad girls that never get caught. 

player Richie Ashburn hit a foul ball that struck a spectator and as they carried her away, he hit another foul ball and struck her again. 

I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks 

US Presidents must pay for their own food in the White House., If vegetarians love animals so much, why do they eat all their food? 

Neither of us are perfect, but we're perfect for each other 

The Guinness Book of Records was originally published by Guinness Breweries as a reference for settling bar arguments. 

Money is the root of all evil. For more information, send $10 to me., In 1996 both DC and Marvel comics published a crossover series where Batman and Wolverine were made into one character named Dark Claw 

Money doesn't buy happiness....But I'd rather cry in a Ferrari than on my bike 

Freddie Mercury never had his teeth fixed, because he was scared it’d change the sound of his voice. 

Casper the friendly ghost was a teenager who died of pneumonia after sledding all day, Disney World is serving alcohol to the public for the first time 

The average NFL game features just 10 minutes 43 seconds of action. 

Why do we bake cookies and cook bacon? 

Nintendo wanted Mario to ride Yoshi since the NES. It took 6 years for technology to make the concept possible, If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried. 

Without humor life is boring. Without courage life is hard. Without love life is hopeless. Without friends life is impossible. 

At my last job interview, I told my interviewer that I plan to give 110%.Unfortunately; I was applying to be a statistician 

The Millennial generation already makes up 1/5 of the electorate. By 2015, they will account for 1/3., It is illegal to be overweight in Japan. 

When everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane. 

78% of NFL players are bankrupt just two years after finishing their careers. 

It's lonely at the top, but you eat better, Ronda Rousey became the first female UFC fighter 

It's lonely at the top, but you eat better 

Before they mate, scorpions will grab each other by the claws and dance. 

When everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane, A dog sled race was demonstrated at the 1932 Winter Olympics & again at the Olympics in Oslo but it did not gain official event status 

Prior to 1900, prize fights lasted up to 100 rounds. 

Manute Bol's grandfather had 40 wives. 

Children who play with puzzles develop better spatial and math skills later in life, Smoking wild carrots will get you high. 

Table tennis balls can travel off the paddle at 105.6 miles per hour. 

Male non-smokers masturbate more than male smokers. Female non-smokers masturbate less than female smokers. 

Kobe Bryant's middle name is 'Bean', Teen pregnancy rates are actually at their lowest since the 1970s. 

In the early 80s, many people predicted the death of Sony. They changed course and developed the CD and the Playstation. 

The Internet is the fastest-growing communications tool ever. Radio took 38 years to reach 50 million people, TV 13 years. The Internet? 4 

Mr. T’s gold chains were taken from the people he beat up as a bouncer. He wore them openly so they could come back to get them., A study showed that 59% of people in the US use the Internet and TV simultaneously 

When Apple Stores were first announced, many thought they would be a huge failure. They now have the highest sales per sqft in retail 

Bay Area Googlers consumed approximately 5,500 pounds of handmade chocolates from the snack bins in the microkitchens in 2007 

The Wright Brothers waited 5 years after their first flight to show the technology to the public!, Internet addiction will be classified as a real mental dissorder in 2013 

Lara Croft's large breasts were an accident: a programmer set the chest size to 150% and he was persuaded to leave it that way 

Apple CEO Tim Cook's compensation for 2012 fell from $378 million to $4.17 million because he didn't receive any stock options this year 

Apple was once sued by The Beatles for copyright infringement and the Beatles won, Hotmail was originally referred to as HoTMaiL, because it was named after HTML, the language used to write web pages 

Apple was founded on April Fool's day, 1976. 

A kid used his Make-A-Wish to create a video game to help other young cancer patients cope with chemotherapy and fighting cancer 

Mini golf was invented in 1867 since women couldn’t play “real golf” because women souldn’t raise clubs over their shoulders on backswings., Just like new college students are at risk for the Freshman 15, Google employees joke about the Google 15 from all the snaks available. 

Oracle, the company, was founded after the CIA scrapped a secret project also called Oracle 

Samuel Morse, the inventor of the Morse code, was a painter as well. One of his portraits hangs in the governor’s mansion of Alaska 

KFC’s Colonel Sanders was once a lawyer, and assaulted a client. He also killed a man in a shootout., The Italian surname Esposito means "to place outside." People with that surname had an ancestor who was given it after being abandoned 

Lol" means "fun" in Dutch! 

Mario was an Italian landlord for Miyamoto when he chose to give Nintendo’s icon character a name 

Mr. Burns answers the phone “ahoy hoy”. This was Alexander Graham Bell’s original intended greeting when answering the phone, not ”hello.”, The flavors of the foods a pregnant woman eats end up in the amniotic fluid -- The baby might crave these tastes later in life 

The act of snapping your fingers has an actual name: "fillip." 

The disease that causes Stewie Griffin's head to be shaped like a football is called "craniosynostosis." 

In the 1300s people said "swive" instead of "fuck.", Kleine-Levin Syndrome is a disorder that causes people to sleep for weeks at a time. They wake up only to eat 

In 2009, "Twilight" scored just below "anal sex" in Wikipedia's "Top 100 Most Popular Searches." 

Men say the thong is the sexiest article of lingerie -- Women think it's the bra. 

Worldwide, pregnancy is the number one cause of death for girls aged fifteen to nineteen, Your nose runs when you cry because there are little holes in the corners of your eyes which drain excess tears into your nose. 

Young sloths have been known to fall to their death because they sometimes mistake their own arms for tree branches 

It is actually illegal to name your child “Ikea” in Sweden 

55% of people will yawn after reading the word “yawn.”, In the original version of "The Little Mermaid", Ariel does not marry the prince -- He marries someone else and she dies 

Mastrophobia is the irrational fear of breasts 

Suicide is the leading cause of death for people in Japan under the age of 30 

In Bali, twins would often marry each other - It was assumed they had sex as fetuses, Your future is created by what you do today, not tomorrow." - Robert Kiyosaki 

"Never let the fear of striking out get in your way." - Babe Ruth 

Your brain burns around 300 calories a day and burns slightly more calories when you think harder. 

Adolf Hitler took 28 different drugs for his chronic flatulence -- Among these were cocaine and amphetamines, You are very powerful, provided you know how powerful you are 

"It isn't where you come from, it's where you're going that counts." - Ella Fitzgerald 

There are no failures - just experiences and your reactions to them." - Tom Krause 

Never be afraid to laugh at yourself, after all, you could be missing out on the joke of the century." - Dame Edna Everage, Vaginal and clitoral orgasms are completely different -- Vaginal and clitoral stimulation 

A homing pigeon was given a medal for saving 200 US soldiers by delivering a message even after being shot during the WW1 

In “50 Shades of Grey” the word "sex" has been mentioned 275 times 

According to the story of creation in Greek mythology, women are sent to earth as a punishment for disobedience., You can text “SHELTER + your ZIP code” to 43362 to locate the closest shelter in your area in case of a nuclear attack. 

52 cards represent the 52 weeks in a year - 13 cards in a suit represent the 13 months of the lunar year - 4 suits represent the 4 seasons 

A country named Ladonia has national anthem which is just a sound produced by throwing stone in the water 

Twyndyllyngs" is the longest English word without the use of any vowel, it means "twins"., During winters, bumblebees perform warm up exercise before taking a flight 

Studies show that sarcasm enhances the ability of the human mind to solve complex problems! 

Homophobic men, people who have fear of homosexuals, gets more aroused by watching gay porn than normal men. 

A man can literally kill his wife after childbirth by performing oral sex on her, North Korea and Cuba are the only two countries left in the world which do not sell Coca Cola 

Humans have the longest and thickest penises when compare to other primates, when it comes to size and in proportion to overall body mass 

The voice behind Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck, Porky Pig, Tweety Bird and Sylvester the Cat -- Mel Blanc's tombstone reads; "That's all folks!" 

The first forms of breast implants started around 1895 and instead of silicone bags, glass balls or ivory were used, Nooglers = New and Google,R given a propeller beanie cap in Google colors that they are supposed to wear to the office on their first Friday 

google has mini-kitchens so you can snack any time you want &"innovation Time" where you spend 20% of your work time doing projects U like 

Exchange Bar & Grill in New York City has menu prices are set by demand, they have a ticker tape menu with flashing prices 

The daughter of Laurence Fishburne, best known for his roles as Morpheus in the Matrix, is a hardcore porn actress., If you place a stamp upside down, for example, it means I Love You; diagonally, it means I miss you. 

A pelican can hold about 25 lbs of fish in its pouch 

Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment. -Will Rogers 

B Obama is a comic book fan. He collects 'Spider-Man & 'Conan the Barbarian"Obama probably loves being featured in several comic book issues, Phil Jackson says he will give wedding invitation to Jim Buss, then at last minute, gives it to Mike D'antoni instead 

95% chance Andy Reid coaches the Cardinals next year." -Adam Schefter "So you're telling me there's a chance!" -Lloyd KC Christmas 

Now needing laser removal: Andy Reid's tattoo of his wife wearing a Mike Vick jersey eating a rib 

To increase chances of filling the position, Browns list head coaching job in local community college newspapers as a paid internship, Where did you learn how to whisper? In a helicopter?! 

used to have a life once..... but then some idiot told me to make a Twitter account 

HATE it when I try to catch something but I only hit it farther away. 

Have you ever noticed that the "lol" symbol looks like a drowning man? I bet he's not laughing out loud., Whoever said winning isn't everything probably didn't win 

Be decisive. A wrong decision is generally less disastrous than indecision. - Bernhard Langer 

Effort is a measure of a Man. - William James 

When I was young, I thought the heart was a heart shape, #Bears will interview Montreal Alouettes coach Marc Trestman 

Pagano writes letter to city of Indy: "Thank you for helping me heal" 

The vision of a champion is bent over, drenched in sweat, at the point of exhaustion, when nobody else is looking. -Mia Hamm 

Don't play for what your jersey says on the back, play for what it says on the front., J.K. Rowling has stated that Lord Voldemort is pronounced without the "t". 

Maybe Plain-Dealer would like to buy a nice Chip Kelly story. 1,100 words. Mint condition.” 

Chip Kelly will meet with the Eagles today, have lunch with the team's brass in Arizona. He has dinner scheduled with the Browns 

"I want to set the bar higher than 2,000 yards. I want to make it the 2,500 yard club.” -@AdrianPeterson, All clams are born as male. Some transition to female at some point in their lives. 

The U.S. used Metallica, "Sesame Street" and "Barney" to make prisoners in Iraq talk. 

The average person who stops smoking requires one hour less of sleep a night 

Achondroplasiaphobia is the fear of little people, 85% of people can curl their tongue. The ability to do this is genetic 

Plastybolsaphobia is the fear of plastic bags. 

Lepidopterophobia is the fear of butterflies 

Hippo milk is pink., Dumbledore is an early modern English word for "Bumblebee." 

A librocubicularist is someone who reads in bed. 

Every year about 2,000 people are injured by balloons. 

The longest beard ever recorded on a woman was 14 inches long, "Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live." - Jim Rohn 

We can't take any credit for our talents. It's how we use them that counts." - Madeleine L'Engle 

25% of people can compose a text message without looking at their phone. 

If A Google employee passes away, their spouse gets half of their pay for 10 years, The youngest girl to be a mother was 9 years old who also became the youngest grandmother as her daughter gave birth at the age of 9 as well 

"It's not that you can't. It's that you haven't 

Most people are extras in their own movies." - Bob Proctor 

If we look at the path, we do not see the sky." - Native American saying, Majority of the Asians have a blue birth mark on their butt, called the Mongolian spot 

Ryan Gosling was casted for the role of Noah in the movie "The Notebook" because director wanted someone "Not Handsome". 

A woman named Melanie Martinez lost 5 homes in 5 different hurricanes in U.S. 

90% of the people who outperform others at the workplace have high EQ (Emotional Intelligence) not IQ., A research showed that an average dog has the intellect of a 2 year old child and can understand up to 250 words and gestures 

The term "assassin" has its roots in the term "hashishiyya” which means users of hash 

According to a recent research done on 16000 women, the more curvy a woman, the more intelligent she is. 

In 1988, the deadliest drunk driving accident occurred in Kentucky, the crash killed 27 people and injured 34 others, Smoking marijuana double the chances of developing testicular cancer, schizophrenia, infertility and Lowers IQ. 

Known as 'ryukin', Japanese scientists have created a see-through goldfish whose organs are visible through its skin 

In ancient times, kisses were used to seal contracts, and this is where the idea of people kissing at weddings originated from 

The longest Penis ever recorded among all living things ever lived was of Tyrannosaurus Rex at 4 meters, That awkward moment when you know the full lyrics of over 100 songs, but can't remember 25 homework definitions. 

A man named his sons Winner and Loser. Loser became a policeman & eventually a detective, while winner fell into a life of drugs and crime 

The studio included Superbad “s McLovin’s fake Hawaiian ID. w the DVD. Hawaiian DMV asked Wal-Mart to stop selling the DVD, which they did. 

11 mo old Red Tibetan Mastiff breed named Big Splash was purchased by a coal baron from the north of China for a whopping $1.5 million, Adrian's message to @EricDickerson? "Enjoy the record while it lasts. Because it's going down 

Bears to interview Texans OC Rick Dennison 

Oregon booster Phil Knight makes his push to keep Chip Kelly 

Never put off till tomorrow what you can ignore entirely, An average man will spend 145 days of his life shaving. 

The hormone responsible for growth is produced while you sleep. 

There's enough carbon in your body to make 900 pencils. 

I still consider myself a little, fat kid from Hawaii. ~ Robert Kiyosaki, Men tend to start going bald at the age of 24. 

Men are able to make better spatial judgments than women because of their higher exposure to testosterone before birth 

Sophophobia is the fear of learning. 

You would have to consume 130 cups of tea consecutively to die of caffeine overdose, Google plans to have scanned all known existing 130 million unique books by the end of the decade. 

The Pokémon Koffing and Weezing were originally named NY and LA. 

Roses are red, but violets are not actually blue -- They are violet. 

The only sense that doesn't fully rest when we are sleeping is our hearing, Become who you are!" - Friedrich Nietzsche 

'Home' is any four walls that enclose the right person." - Helen Rowland 

A person who smokes a pack of cigarettes a day will on average, lose two teeth every ten years. 

The condom was invented in the early 1500s, originally made of lamb intestines and needed to be soaked in milk to soften before use, Every problem is a gift - without problems we would not grow." - Tony Robbins 

Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections 

Security is mostly a superstition. Life is either a daring adventure or nothing." - Helen Keller 

You were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win." - Zig Ziglar, BCS Football and Free Pizza
 
point spread is now 9.5
 
This is the biggest spread for a national championship game since 2003, when Miami was favored by 12 over Ohio State. Florida State was an 11-point favorite over Oklahoma in the 2001 title game. In both instances, the underdog won outright.
 
 
 
 FaceBook or Tweet the Correct final score of BCS football game today and win a Free cheese Pizza
 
 
 
“ ND X, Tide Y, Give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza,, It is our choices... that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities." - J. K. Rowling 

The pain of yesterday is the strength of today." - Paulo Coelho 

When anyone tells me I can't do anything... I'm just not listening any more." - Florence Griffith Joyner 

Make a decision today to do something wonderful with your life." - Brian Tracy, The Original names suggested for the Character of "Hannah Montana" were Anna Cabana, Samantha York, and Alexis Texas. 

There is fictional book named "The Haunted Vagina" in which a woman’s vagina acted as a gateway to the world of the dead 

Of all the creatures on Earth, the Praying Mantis is the only one with a single ear 

The first glass bottle made in 700 B.C hasn't even started to decompose yet, that's because glass takes almost 1-2 million yrs to decompose., You can drive a tank for your birthday or wedding in a place in Minnesota. They also allow smashing cars with it. 

All of the data created in the entire history, up until 2003, is less than what humans create today in just 2 days. 

When on his deathbed Steve Jobs refused to wear an oxygen mask until he went through 5 different designs and finally found one that he liked 

Orgasmic Birth is a documentary film which features many women who claim to have had an orgasm during labor., 0.625 inches is the size of the smallest human penis on record! 

The word "blow job" had a totally different meaning during the 1940's and 1950's. It was a slang for faster-then-the-speed-of-sound airplane 

During a baseball game, a couple engaging in sexual intercourse in a SkyDome hotel room was live broadcasted on the Jumbotron scoreboard 

Maned wolves use their urine to communicate with opposite sex and their urine smells exactly like marijuana, In an interview in 2007, President Obama told that his favorite cartoon character is Spongebob Squarepants 

Fritz Christen, a German soldier survived 3 days on the battlefield killing 100 enemy soldiers and finishing 13 Soviet tanks single handedly 

You would consume 2 calories, if you completely lick clean the fingerprints from the screen of your iPhone 5. 

A man got out of bed, drove to his inlaws' house and killed his father and mother in law while sleepwalking! Court declared him innocent, Strawberry Vanilla Cupcakes

99 Cents-While supplies last

Vanilla Cake With Fresh Strawberries Topped W Butter Cream & Preserved Strawberries, In 1951, after his plane crashed into the ocean, Clint Eastwood swam 3 miles to safety (along with his pilot). 

O.J Simpson was supposed to play The Terminator but James Cameron didn’t want him because he didn’t think he would be believable as a killer 

a woman's face seem smaller, shorter, and even makes the eyes more prominent in ways that are more feminine and attractive to men. 

Studies show that women like a man with an ideal BMI of 20.85, If you use a computer for work, your fingers will travel about 12.6 miles per DAY! 

Tolkien’s son hates The Lord of the Rings movies. 

Saddam Hussein’s bunker was designed by the grandson of the woman who designed Hitler’s bunker 

According to a Caribbean cruise line, 58% of the passengers are unable to wait more than 10 hours before making love., If you type "illuminati" backwards, followed by '.com' as a URL, you will be redirected to the U.S. government's national security page 

Rex Ryan appears to have a tattoo on his arm of his wife in a Mark Sanchez jersey. Nothing weird about that, right?

Lord of the Rings made $6 bill .The Tolkien’s family received $62,500 ,were supposed to receive 7.5%.then sued Warner Bros. 

2009 my space,encouraged Facebookers to unfriend 10 people on their friends list,and once they did,they’d receive a coupon for a free Whopper, There is a book called "The Snuggie Sutra" which contains 85+ sex positions that can be done with a snuggie. 

Eating asparagus, pears and drinking pickle juice can help ease a hangover! 

There are 47 people named "Lol" in the U.S. 

The average teenager spends 31 hours a week on the internet and 4 hours a week on homework!, Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards once snort the ashes of his cremated father after mixing them with cocaine. 

Sexologists has estimated that an actual orgasm burns about 112 calories, while faking an orgasm is said to burn off about 315 calories! 

Virginity is linked to your intelligence, kids with higher IQs are less likely to lose it in their teen years 

In a 1930s Mickey Mouse comic, Minnie cheated on Mickey with another mouse -- Mickey tried to kill himself by jumping off a bridge, Prince Charles owns a collection of toilet seats 

People COMPLAINED When Sears switched to glossy paper for its catalog! It wasn't good toilet paper 

One shouldn't brush the teeth after vomiting because the acid from the stomach weakens the teeth enamel 

Marijuana was actually used for medicinal purposes in Ancient China, to treat the 'illness' of absent-mindedness!, Mark Wahlberg, 41, never finished high school when he was growing up in Boston because of various run-ins with the law 

China has more English-speaking people than the United States 

Anthony Hopkins won an OSCAR for Silence of the Lambs. He was only on screen for 16 MINUTES! 

The world's largest Lego TOWER had 500,000 bricks, The State with the highest percentage of people who walk to work: Alaska 

Intel is reportedly preparing a 'cable-killing' service that will let you subscribe to only the channels you want. 

The average person falls asleep in seven minutes 

Masturbation can reduce the risk of prostate cancer by up to 33%., united started trend of hiring female nurses to work on airplanes, and they completely replaced men by 1936 

United Airlines hired the first female flight attendant in 1930. Her name was Ellen Church and she was a 25-year-old registered nurse 

The first flight attendant was a man, Heinrich Kubis, in 1912 

McNugget launched in 1979, every franchise wanted to carry them. The McRib for restraunts that couldn't get their hands on McNuggets., Amanda Holden made her debut TV appearance on the show Blind Date! Sadly, the male “chooser” decided to go home w/ someone else that night 

Before she found fame, Russian model Natalia Vodianova and her mother used to sell fruit on the street to keep the family out of poverty 

6 Degrees Fahrenheit ( temp this morning) seperates you from HOT delivered Pizza . 

1936 NYTimes stewardess requirements must be petite; wgt 100 to 118 lbs; hgt 5 ft to 5 ft 4 in; age 20 to 26 yrs. physical 4 x a year,, Nic Cage reportedly had two of his own teeth pulled when it called for his character to go through that immense pain 

Ke$ha claims that her song "Supernatural" stems from having sex with a ghost 

Britney Spears and Kevin Federline's exes are dating! 

Wayne Coyne of The Flaming Lips shut down OKC airport due to carrying a (dead) grenade in his luggage, "The pain of yesterday is the strength of today." - Paulo Coelho 

The cast of “Glee” has had more songs chart than the Beatles 

The name of the four ghosts in Pac-man are Blinky, Pinky, Inky and Clyde 

Woot," "noob," and "retweet" have been added to the Oxford English Dictionary, Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen both had to wear fake teeth while filming Full House 

As a teen Matt Damon would break-dance in Harvard Square to get some cash 

Lisa Kudrow has a degree in Sociobiology which she used to research headaches before she broke into acting. 

Cheryl Crow was one of Michael Jackson's back up singers, Time for Playoff NFL Football and Free Pizza
 FaceBook or Tweet the Correct score of either NFL football game today and win a Free cheese Pizza

 “ S Hawks X, RG3 Y, Give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza,, Don't limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as your mind lets you." - Mary Kay Ash 

Talent is God-given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful." - John Wooden 

"Adversity causes some men to break; others to break records." - William Arthur Ward 

"It is our choices... that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities." - J. K. Rowling, It was in 1994 when Gisele Bundchen was discovered at age 14 in a Brazilian fashion mall 

Ray Romano was classmates with comedienne Fran Drescher in high school and has even guest-starred as his Ray Barone character on 'The Nanny' 

At 18, Renee Zellweger was a waitress at Sugar's Go-Go lapdancing club in Austin, TX. 

Paul Rudd used to deejay Bat-Mitzvahs., Back in 2003, French scientists predicted that bananas will be extinct by 2013 

Kakakku kata kuku kaki kiriku kaku - ku kikis kuku kaki kiriku." is the toughest tongue twister in Malay 

A woman in UK, in 2005, delivered twins with two different fathers, a chance in 1 in 13,000 cases 

Pygophilia is a condition in which a person gets sexually aroused by the a-s, It was in 1994 when Gisele Bundchen was discovered at age 14 in a Brazilian fashion mall 

Ray Romano was classmates with comedienne Fran Drescher in high school and has even guest-starred as his Ray Barone character on 'The Nanny' 

At 18, Renee Zellweger was a waitress at Sugar's Go-Go lapdancing club in Austin, TX. 

Paul Rudd used to deejay Bat-Mitzvahs., Tom Cruise seriously considered becoming a priest. After a year he decided it wasn't for him. 

Marky Mark (Mark Walhberg) has a third nipple! 

James Cameron started as a school bus driver 

Cuba Gooding, Jr. was a backup dancer for Lionel Richie, Lady Gaga donated $1 Million dollars to Red Cross for Hurricane Sandy relief in New York 

If you're lost and sick of listening to the standard GPS voice, you can download Snoop Dogg to guide you through the city streets 

Jane Lynch started by doing commercials for Frosted Flakes 

Sarah Jessica Parker's tenth great grandmother was accused of witchcraft during the Salem witch trials, Taylor Lautner was a black belt by the age of 8 

Jessica Biel's first acting job was a Pringles commercial when she was 11 years old 

Michelle Obama attended Princeton and continued on to Harvard Law School, graduating in 1988 

Michelle Obama is tied for the tallest First Lady to have lived in the White House, I wish I had Kim Kardashians talent of not having any talent and making money out of it 

The iPhone 6 better be waterproof, fireproof, crack proof, dirt proof, bulletproof, and be able to charge itself and cook for me 

That awkward moment when preschool kids have a more successful love life than you 

Drew Barrymore was the youngest person to ever host SNL (7 years old), Time for Playoff NFL Football and Free Pizza
 FaceBook or Tweet the Correct score of either NFL football game today and win a Free cheese Pizza

 “ colts X, Ravens Y, Give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza,, I've always wanted to get in a taxi and yell, "FOLLOW THAT CAR!!" 

I'm not saying I hate you. I'm just saying if you got hit by a bus, I would be driving that bus. 

YOU are only a call/click away from The Best HOT PIZZA Being Delvered to your Door 617 787 1080
  

I think it's about time Taylor Swift wrote a song and called it "Maybe I am The Problem"., Chewing gum can help keep you healthy.it kills bateria in you mouth 

You are 16 times more likely to get killed in a car accident on the way to purchase a lottery ticket than you are to actually win it. 

Redheads may become extinct by 2060., Teacher: So where did you go this winter break? Student 1: I went to Australia. Student 2: I went to Hong Kong. Me: I left my room twice 

My career plans were much more exciting when I was five. 

Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings. Salvador Dali, An intellectual is a man who takes more words than necessary to tell more than he knows. Dwight D. Eisenhower 

If you send me one word replies, I assume the conversation is over 

Knowledge is love and light and vision. Helen Keller, Rule of math: If it seems easy, you're doing it wrong. 

Burger: $0.99 Salad: $5.99 And they wonder why everyone is fat. 

Always be smarter than the people who hire you. Lena Horne, When I don’t have money, I want to buy everything I see. When I do have money, I don’t know what to buy 

That like a boss moment when you drop something but catch it before it hits the ground. 

Give me a smart idiot over a stupid genius any day. Samuel Goldwyn, Time for Playoff NFL Football and Free Pizza
 FaceBook or Tweet the Correct score of either NFL football game today and win a Free cheese Pizza

 “ Minn X, Pack Y, Give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza,

 

One guess , per game, per customer. All guesses must be in before game starts, You have to be smart. The easy days are over. Robert Kiyosaki 

My neighbors listen to some excellent music. Whether they like it or not. 

I not only use all the brains that I have, but all that I can borrow. Woodrow Wilson, We all agree that pessimism is a mark of superior intellect. John Kenneth Galbraith 

Often the hands will solve a mystery that the intellect has struggled with in vain. Carl Jung 

"No offense" = "I'm about to insult you, but you can't get mad", On average, teens spend about 87 hours a year watching porn online. 

The top three destinations in the United States to ring in the New Year are Las Vegas, Disney World and New York City. 

In 1994 the Surgeon General was fired for advocating drug legalization and masturbation 

Strength does not come from winning. struggles develop your strengths. go thru hardships and decide not to quit” ~ Arnold Schwarzenegger, Women find 80% of men below-average looking. 

If Puerto Rico becomes a state, it will have more electoral votes than Mississippi. 

The Nigerian money scams we receive via email date as far back as the 1830s when they were attempted via post. 

There’s a tree so large in South Africa that there’s a bar inside it, Time for Playoff NFL Football and Free Pizza
 FaceBook or Tweet the Correct score of either NFL football game today and win a Free cheese Pizza

“ Hou X, Cinn Y, Give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza,

 
One guess , per game, per customer. All guesses must be in before game starts, Koi fish can live for centuries. One lived for 226 years. 

1 in 3 British Men can’t see their own Penis. 

Kissing under the mistletoe is thought to spring from Frigg, the Norse goddess of love, who was associated with the plant 

Physical touch makes you healthier. Studies show that massages, hugs, and handholding reduces stress and boosts the immune system, Achondroplasiaphobia is the fear of little people 

Joe Son, the actor , Random Task in Austin Powers (the parody of Odd Job from 007 films) is serving a life sentence for torture and rape 

Stimulation of female nipples causes goose bumps in the genitals. 

The Lonely Island’s song “Dick in a Box” won an Emmy award for “outstanding original music and lyrics.”, Bruce Willis had a stutter and became an actor because he could only speak properly on stage 

guy got arrested for having sex with a horse 2x, cant take nay for an answer 

The Earth’s crust is comprised of huge plates of solid rock slowly moving at about the same rate as a fingernail grows 

All the books in Dumbledore’s office are just the Yellow Pages rebound to look old, The condom company Durex reports that condom sales are 20-30% higher around Valentine’s Day 


MC Hammer once challenged Michael Jackson to a dance-off. 


the leading cause of wealth is captal gains, save your money 


Of the 1.5milllion people who visit facts and http://chicks.com , 60% are Male and 40% are Female, all between the Ages of 13-44, The condom company Durex reports that condom sales are 20-30% higher around Valentine’s Day 


MC Hammer once challenged Michael Jackson to a dance-off. 


the leading cause of wealth is captal gains, save your money 


Of the 1.5milllion people who visit facts and http://chicks.com , 60% are Male and 40% are Female, all between the Ages of 13-44, The condom company Durex reports that condom sales are 20-30% higher around Valentine’s Day 


MC Hammer once challenged Michael Jackson to a dance-off. 


the leading cause of wealth is captal gains, save your money 


Of the 1.5milllion people who visit facts and http://chicks.com , 60% are Male and 40% are Female, all between the Ages of 13-44, Super glue was originally invented to close cuts and wounds 

It takes twice as long to lose new muscle after you stop working out than it did to gain it 

Travel light,A million dollars' worth of $100 bills only weighs 22 pounds. 

All of the Rugrats were voiced by women., It takes 4 seconds for a silence to become awkward. 

A group of ravens is referred to as a "conspiracy." 

47% of people have a nightmare at least once a month. 

People tend to be more scared of frogs as opposed to rats, 51% of all turns are right turns. & in Ma, you can take a left on a red, if it is a one way street 

In one day, the average person will take about 18,000 steps 

The odds of being born male are 51.2% according to census 

Coffee drinkers have more sex than non-coffee drinkers, Teenagers are 50% more susceptible to colds than adults and elderly people---SLEEP deprevation 

A butterfly sees you through their 12,000 eyes. 

In Italy, people will wear red underwear on New Year's Day as a symbol of good luck for the upcoming year 

The average person uses the bathroom 6 times a day,, Victory is always possible for the person who refuses to stop fighting." - Napoleon Hill 

You get treated in life the way you teach people to treat you." - Wayne Dyer 

I'm motivated by fear, fear of fear. I hate being scared to do something." - Will Smith 

Cypridophobia is the fear of prostitutes., "Transformation happens right now, not yesterday and not tomorrow, in this very present moment, which is all you really have." - J. Michaels 

Will you look back on life and say, 'I wish I had', or 'I'm glad I did'?" - Zig Ziglar 

"I am amazed by how many individuals mess up every new day with yesterday." - Gary Chapman 

Not doing more than the average is what keeps the average down." - William M. Winans, The design of the Sonic Hedgehog's shoes were a concept taken from Michael Jackson's boots 

George Foreman, an American boxer, had 11 children, out of whom 5 were sons, all of them named “George 

I'm not trying to prove anybody wrong, I'm just trying to prove something to myself." - Mike Piazza 

Since everything is a reflection of our minds, everything can be changed by our minds."buddha, The name of famous American writer Dr. Seuss', is pronounced to rhyme with 'voice' 

The only time in history, the US was not in debt was in 1835 when Andrew Jackson was President 

The US air force planned a “gay bomb” which would spread the female hormones amongst enemies and make them sexually attractive to each other 

Until 1991, the computer which is responsible for the entire launch sequence of NASA's spaceships had only 1MB of ram, The currency of USA (US dollar) cannot have the picture of a living US President featured on it 

Every year, about 800 million porn films are rented all over America, which is more than twice the population of the US! 

The color red enhances attention, make people’s work more accurate, and blue color boosts creativity 

Clitoris has 8000 nerve endings twice as many as the penis and more than any other part of human body, The name of famous American writer Dr. Seuss', is pronounced to rhyme with 'voice' 

The only time in history, the US was not in debt was in 1835 when Andrew Jackson was President 

The US air force planned a “gay bomb” which would spread the female hormones amongst enemies and make them sexually attractive to each other 

Until 1991, the computer which is responsible for the entire launch sequence of NASA's spaceships had only 1MB of ram, An old Japanese superstition states that the first dream of a new year will come true. 

Ironically, slaves actually assembled the famous 'Statue of Freedom' in 1863, which sits on top of the U.S. Capitol building 

Deep voice is considered as a sex appeal in men but deep voiced men actually tend to have lower sperm counts. 

Einstein and Newton had been suffering from disorder called Asperger Syndrome which gives unusually advanced abilities in specific areas, If you farted consistently for 6 years and 9 months, enough gas is produced to create the energy of an atomic bomb 

Mattresses were once held in place by ropes. If the ropes were pulled, the mattress became firmer. Hence the phrase "goodnight, sleep tight 

There's no Betty Rubble in the Flintstones Chewable Vitamins. 

Playing Tetris games after a shocking incident significantly prevent the development of traumatic memories and flashbacks, 12 is considered the number of completeness (12 months, 12 hours, 12 Gods of Olympus, ). 13 is blamed with transgressing this completeness 

The earliest known reference to friday 13th occurs in a biography of Gioachionio Rossini who died on a Friday 13th 

In 2008 The NBA Players’ Association claimed that 60% of NBA players become broke within five years of retirement. 

1st NBA game was held in Canada! 11/14/46 the Toronto Huskies hosted the New York Knicks at Maple Leaves Garden in Toronto, Ontario, If you want a perfect girl, go buy a barbie doll. 

A Yubari King Melon will break your bank A melon sells for $50 to $100,But the first of the year are auctioned off as high as $26,000 each 

Boxing day grew out of St.Stephen’s day, a Christian holiday that commemorates the first Christian martyr 

According to Christians, Jesus was crucified on a Friday, thus making the day unlucky, "I'm going to bed" .. really means .. "I'm going to lie on my bed and be on my phone." 

Save a boyfriend for a rainy day - and another, in case it doesn't rain. Mae West 

I'll act my age when I'm 69. 

That awkward moment when your stomach gurgles loudly during the most quiet situations, When I clean my room: 1% Cleaning. 29% Complaining. 70% Playing with stuff I just found 

W/out women we'd still be squatting in a cave eating raw meat, we made civilization in order to impress our girlfriends. Orson Welles 

Smart women love smart men more than smart men love smart women. Natalie Portman 

I wish you could Google anything. Like, "Where is my phone?" and it would be like, "It's under the couch, dumbass, I'm not the girl who always has a boyfriend. I'm the girl who rarely has a boyfriend. Taylor Swift 

I didn't fall for you, you tripped me 

I don't have a girlfriend. But I do know a woman who'd be mad at me for saying that. Mitch Hedberg 

Falling in love and having a relationship are two different things. Keanu Reeves, Real magic in relationships means an absence of judgment of others. Wayne Dyer 

What concert costs 45 cents? 50 cent & Nickelback. 

Assumptions are the termites of relationships. Henry Winkler 

There's only two people in your life you should lie to... the police and your girlfriend. Jack Nicholson, "I'm going to bed" .. really means .. "I'm going to lie on my bed and be on my phone." 

Save a boyfriend for a rainy day - and another, in case it doesn't rain. Mae West 

I'll act my age when I'm 69. 

That awkward moment when your stomach gurgles loudly during the most quiet situations, Well, a girlfriend once told me never to fight with anybody you don't love. Jack Nicholson 

It's all fun and games until somebody gets pregnant 

If you can lie, you can act, and if you can lie to crazy girlfriends, you can act under pressure. Joe Rogan 

Today, I lost my mood ring... I'm not sure how I feel about that, Personally, I don't like a girlfriend to have a husband. If she'll fool her husband, I figure she'll fool me. Orson Welles 

Skinny = Anorexic, Thick = Obese, Virgin = Too good, Non-virgin = Slut, Friendly = Fake, Quiet = Rude. You can never please society 

I change my mind so much I need two boyfriends and a girlfriend pink 

I wish my money would have sex in my wallet and multiply, Sperm is good for your skin. When left behind, the protein can help reduce wrinkles. 

I like to go to parties where I know everyone. How are you going to have fun with people you don't know? Mary-Kate Olsen 

Anuptaphobia" is the fear of staying single 

When life gives you lemons.. squirt it in your enemies eyes, Sleeping on the left side of the bed makes you more positive and cheerful. 

Character is the ability to carry out a good resolution long after the excitement of the moment has passed. Cavett Robert 

Katy Perry has a cat named Kitty Purry. 

Most people couldn't be nicer. Every once in a while someone barks at me. My New Year's resolution is not to bark back. Tucker Carlson, Zebras are actually black, with white stripes - If you were to shave one, it would be completely black 

The average bra is designed to last for 180 days. 

We will open the book. Its pages are blank. The book is called Opportunity and its first chapter is New Year's Day. ~Edith Lovejoy Pierce 

"Whatever" has been voted the most annoying word in the world for 3 years in a row, Jackie Chan is actually a classically trained opera singer 

Saddam Hussein was forced to watch the South Park movie over and over again after he was captured. 

The difference between a “gift” and a “present” is that a gift is simply given, while a present must be “presented 

worried about what u eat between Christmas and the New Year, really worrie about what u eat between the New Year and Christmas, The impossible is often the untried." - Jim Goodwin 

Many years ago I resolved never to bother with New Year's resolutions, and I've stuck with it ever since. ~Dave Beard 

Life is like a taxi. The meter just keeps a-ticking whether you are getting somewhere or just standing still." - Lou Erickson 

Good resolutions are simply checks that men draw on a bank where they have no account. ~Oscar Wilde, Jan 1 walking through our lives, room by room, drawing up a list of work to be done,not looking for flaws, but for potential.~Ellen Goodman 

"Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers; a peck of pickled peppers Peter Piper picked" 

If the total amount of money generated by Star Wars is adjusted according to inflation, it would’ve earned $1.5 billion today. 

New Year's Eve, where auld acquaintance be forgot. Unless, of course, those tests come back positive. ~Jay Leno, He who breaks a resolution is a weakling; He who makes one is a fool. ~F.M. Knowles 

208 million copies of IKEA catalog were printed in the last year, more than double the number of copies of Bible 

Studies have shown that even the mere anticipation of an interaction with a woman can slow a man's thinking process temporarily! 

A research done by NASA concludes that, an afternoon nap (between 1pm - 3pm)improves decision making ability by 50% and productivity by 35%, New Year is not that we should have a new year. we should have a new soul and a new nose; new feet, a new backbone, new ears, and new eyes. 

There is an online black market for illegal drugs named Silk Road, they sell over $1.2 million worth of drugs monthly 

In right-handed men, the right testicle usually hangs a bit higher than the left one, which sags lower. The opposite is true for lefties 

2013 is the first year after 1987 to have all 4 different digits, first time since the year 1432, it can be written with 4 consecutive nos, The names of all the continents end with the same letter that they start with 

The 1st Playstation was to be an addon to the Super NES. When Nintendo scrapped the project, Sony built their console 

Time has no divisions to mark its passage, never a thunder-storm or trumpets to announce the beginning of a new month or year.Thomas Mann 

In the novel Lord of The Rings, Frodo Baggins was actually 33 years old when he started his journey which continued for 17 years, What Are Some Things Men Find Sexy About Women?#1 ans legs 

The only way to spend New Year's Eve is either with friends or in a brothel. Otherwise someone is bound to be left in tears. ~W.H. Auden 

The state of Florida is larger than England 

New Year's is a harmless annual institution,of no particular use to anybody save for promiscuous drunks, and humbug resolutions.-Mark Twain, Sean Connery was once threatened with a gun on set and swiftly disarmed the man before tossing him out the door! 

 ‘From Russia With Love’ was made thanks to JFK. It was also the last movie he saw before he died 

If you type "James Bond" into Google Translate and have it translated to Standard Chinese, it will translate to "007". 

Liam Neeson was reportedly offered the role of James Bond in Goldeneye. He turned it down because he wasn't interested in action movies, I dream of a world where it is totally legal and socially acceptable to slap stupid people 

If you're born in September, it's pretty safe to assume that your parents started their new year with a 'Bang' 

I have more conversations in my head than I do in real life. 

If there's one thing I hate about the new year, it's writing the date wrong for the first 3 months!, Happy New Year to everyone except Cowboys fans still counting down to Romo's balls finally dropping- hasn't happened yet 

RIP 2012 (2012 - 2012) 

That moment when someone asks you something and you know the answer, you just don't know how to explain it. 

I'm not stealing my neighbor's WiFi, their WiFi is trespassing into my house, Strawberry Vanilla Cupcake   $1.99
Vanilla Cake With Fresh Strawberries Topped With Butter Cream And Preserved Strawberries, Romo blames interceptions on broken PS3 controller. 

Cardinals flush their whiz 

Kanye will be pissed when Kim Kardashian's kid pops out looking just like John Clayton 

Sources confirm Andy Reid was fired via a note stuffed inside a Chipotle burrito., 6 Degrees  Fahrenheit  ( temp this morning) seperates you from HOT delivered Pizza, It's a good job Apple isn't in charge of New Year. We'd all be expecting 2013 and get 2012S instead. 

Broncos, Raiders and Chiefs mourn the loss of Norv Turner in the AFC West 

 
14 different Philadelphia restaurants have declared bankruptcy following Andy Reid's firing 

If the Cowboys are "America's Team", its because Dallas has been on a steady decline since 96. If thats not America, I don't know what is, I bet you vegetarians don't even feel guilty eating baby carrots. Barbarians. 

Whenever you correct someone's grammar just remember that nobody likes you. 

Hamburger Helper is powerless if the hamburger doesn't WANT to be helped. 

Before Twitter we used to call this "talking to yourself.", When a male penguin falls in love with a female penguin, he searches the entire beach to find the perfect "Pebble" to present to her. 

BREAKING: Gary Bettman's 2012 New Year's resolution to reach a lockout resolution 

Rex Ryan claims credit for Jets having not lost a game in 2013. 

Niners keep Akers and sign Cundiff, Michael J. Fox was not available for a tryout, It is proven that day dreaming about the bright future will instantly give you a boost, when you're feeling low. 

''WAS IT A CAR OR A CAT I SAW'' is the only full English sentence that, when read in reverse, will be the same! 

Yawning = Contagious". Thinking about yawning can be enough. After reading this fact, there is approximately 60% chance that you'll yawn 

Shakira signed with Sony Records and recorded her first single when she was just 13 years old, A kick in the balls is above 9000 del (units) of pain which is similar to giving birth to 160 kids and breaking up to 3400 bones at a time. 

Oprah Winfrey earns $315,000,000/year = $26,000,000/month = $6,000,000/week = $850,000/day = $35,000/hr = $600/minute = $10/sec. 

The "special sauce" in a Big Mac is essentially thousand island dressing 

Lady Gaga's real name is Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta, Research found that moderate drinkers were 23% less likely to develop dementia and Alzheimers. 

Most ball games are lost, not won. Casey Stengel 

"Tampon" is a french word for plug. 

You are twice as likely to be bitten by a dog on a full moon, You better cut the pizza in four pieces because I'm not hungry enough to eat six. Yogi Berra 

There is no sincerer love than the love of food. George Bernard Shaw 

A hug that lasts for 20 seconds releases oxytocin, which can make someone trust you more 

Human brain cells, the universe and the internet all have similar structures, Psychologists have proven that we tend to overestimate ourselves -- We are not as nice as we think we are 

I come from a family where gravy is considered a beverage. Erma Bombeck 

The ringing sound you hear in your ears after being somewhere loud, is caused by your brain trying to repair itself and failing 

90% people admit that at least once in their life, they have tried to balance the light switch between the on and off position., On Black Friday you can buy a big screen TV for $200. On Black Monday you can buy a big screen TV for $200 from a jobless NFL coach 

Eminem wrote and recorded, "The Real Slim Shady" three hours before his album was due 

91% of people say they get scared when a text says, "can i ask you a question?", Deep breaths are very helpful at shallow parties. Barbara Walters 

If you want an interesting party sometime, combine cocktails and a fresh box of crayons for everyone. Robert Fulghum 

Good parties create a temporary youthfulness. Mason Cooley 

Romo didn't think things could get worse until his wife called to tell him their son just said his first words- "RGIII, I doubt if you can have a truly wild party without liquor. Carl Sandburg 

I don't drink I can't stand the taste of alcohol. New Year's I try 1 drink & it makes me sick.- I'm the designated driver Kim Kardashian 

I never worry about being driven to drink; I just worry about being driven home. W. C. Fields 

At a dinner party one should eat wisely but not too well, and talk well but not too wisely. W. Somerset Maugham, Celebrate what you want to see more of. Tom Peters 

New Year's Resolution: To tolerate fools more gladly, provided this does not encourage them to take up more of my time. James Agate 

I get half a million just to show up at parties. My life is, like, really, really fun. Paris Hilton 

All of us every single year, we're a different person. I don't think we're the same person all our lives. Steven Spielberg, My parents threw great New Year's parties. an eclectic mix of showbiz people. Cool people always hanged out at our apartment. Ben Stiller 

I've had some lovely extraordinary experiences on New Year's Eve. Debbie Harry 

critics are your freinds, they point out your mistakes Ben Franklin 

To be an ideal guest, stay at home. E. W. Howe, There are 160 million girls "missing" from Asia due to sex-selection, abortion and infanticide 

Dogs walked by men are four times more likely to threaten other dogs than dogs walked by women. 

An elephant can die from a broken heart 

When high or "stoned" your IQ drops by 5 points. When attempting to multitask, it drops by an average of 10 points, A prostitute is more likely to have sex with a police officer than be arrested by one. 

A prostitute is more likely to have sex with a police officer than be arrested by one 

People find alcohol sweeter in noisy environments. This drowns out our ability to judge how much we're actually drinking 

Squidward appears in more episodes of Spongebob Squarepants than Patrick, Your earlobes line up with your nipples. 

The "Powerpuff Girls" were originally called the "Whoopass Girls." 

The average woman spends about 2 years of her lifetime looking at herself in a mirror. Men spend about 6 months. 

The French eat four times as much butter, 60% more cheese, and nearly three times as much pork compared to the rest of the world, Chocolate Orange Cupcake  99 Cents
 Today, while they last
Chocolate Orange Cake Topped With Orange Butter Cream And Dark Chocolate Ganache, The word “sex” appears 275 times in the book “50 Shades of Grey 

The French equivalent of ‘LOL’ is ‘MDR’ or“mort de rire” which actually means “dying with laughter.” 

The oldest cat on record is 38 years old. 

Male puppies purposely let female puppies win when playing with each other, you can brighten someone's mood by leaving them a positive message about how glad you are to have them around. 

Make everyone in your office smile by bringing in a plate of treats for them to enjoy! 

go through the drive-thru of a restaurant and see a car behind you in line, ask the cashier & pay how much they owe. 

By 2020, depression will be one of the leading causes of death and disability, "The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." - Ralph Waldo Emerson 

When you feel good about yourself, others will feel good about you, too." - Jake Steinfeld 

"Reality is negotiable." - Tim Ferriss 

person in line behind you only has one item. Or they have an armload of items, buckling under the strain. Let them go in front of you!, 83% of prostitutes have Facebook pages. 

Adding the number 4 to the end of Facebook’s URL will automatically direct you to Mark Zuckerberg’s wall. 

Iceland used Facebook to rewrite its constitution! 

In response to David Bowie' album 'Low,' Nick Lowe released an album called 'Bowi, There are 32 countries in which it is legal to be a lesbian but illegal to be a gay man! 

In 1945 when concentration camps were liberated, homosexual prisoners weren’t freed. 

Tom Hanks outed his high school drama teacher in his Oscar acceptance speech 

To crack down on gays in the Navy, FDR created a special unit that performed oral sex on men in order to out the gay ones, Big shout out to all the pot dealers willing to accept the Sears gift card your grandma got you for Christmas. 

Always so stressful trying to decide where you want to blackout and lose your phone on New Year's Eve. 

The story of life is quicker then the blink of an eye, the story of love is hello, goodbye. Jimi Hendrix 

Happy New Year To the best customers in the World Avoid Driving , Big Daddy's Delviers to 10 pm New Years Eve 10 Pm New Years Day, Andy Reid reportedly eyeing San Diego next year, as it's been ranked among whales as one of the top places to beach yourself. 

That awkward moment when the Clippers have more wins in a row than the Lakers have total

Some guys need chain wallets because they’re so badass their wallet is afraid of them & will try to run away 

Hey, y'all if you're out drinking this eve call AAA Tipsy Tow. Giving free rides for those who've had too much to drink. 1-800-222-4357, The average 78 year old has spent 3 months of their life waiting, 4 years cleaning and 16 hours having orgasms. 

Depressed people dream up to three times as much as non-depressed people 

Petting a cat helps lower blood pressure, not just for humans, but for the cat also. 

The rhyme “Step on a crack, break your mother’s back” was originally “Step on a crack your mother will turn black.”, RexRyan and the Hindenburg: two bloated hot-air ships that went down in flames over New Jersey 

Safe to say all-division Wk 17 #NFL format has backfired. One 16+ spread & 25 10+ spreads Wks 1-16; 2 and 4 in Wk 17 alone 

Only 5 of 32 teams fighting for playoff spot in Week 17. Parity does not exist in #NFL, folks. Sorry 

Seth Curry scores 31 points, helping No. 1 Duke remain insufferable, The average 78 year old has spent 3 months of their life waiting, 4 years cleaning and 16 hours having orgasms. 

Depressed people dream up to three times as much as non-depressed people 

Petting a cat helps lower blood pressure, not just for humans, but for the cat also. 

The rhyme “Step on a crack, break your mother’s back” was originally “Step on a crack your mother will turn black.”, Elephants and gorillas also purr like cats. 

The person looking back at you in the mirror is the one you have to answer to every day." - Dr. Wayne Dyer 

When people walk away from you, let them go. Your destiny is never tied to anyone who leaves you." - Marilyn Monroe 

"It's sad but sometimes moving on with the rest of your life, starts with goodbye." - Carrie Underwood, The notion that Playboy turns women into sex objects is ridiculous. Woman are sex objects.", said by Hugh Hefner in an interview 

According to law, if a baby is delivered on a flight, he/she can get the citizenship of the country the airline is registered in 

After 10 years of its launch, SpongeBob SquarePants became an $8 billion franchise 

The scene of a girl peeing in the movie Project X was real and shot without telling her,she received extra money for agreeing to include it, Happy New Year to the Best Customers in the World
Open and devlivering to 10pm New Year's Day, There’s a resort in Finland where you SLEEP in a glass igloo to watch the northern lights! 

In the US there are more statues of Lewis & Clark's Native American guide Sacagawea than any other woman 

Colleges had classes where they gave students REAL babies to raise as a group project 

The legendary Egyptian Pharaoh, King Tutankhamun, had a family of 5 sisters, of which one of them was also his mother!, There’s a resort in Finland where you SLEEP in a glass igloo to watch the northern lights! 

In the US there are more statues of Lewis & Clark's Native American guide Sacagawea than any other woman 

Colleges had classes where they gave students REAL babies to raise as a group project 

The legendary Egyptian Pharaoh, King Tutankhamun, had a family of 5 sisters, of which one of them was also his mother!, Having an orgasm a day can add up to 4 years to your life - 700 in a year can add up to 8 years to your life 

 “Ed, Edd n Eddy” is Cartoon Network’s longest running series, airing for almost 11 years. 

In 1995, the Nicktoon “Rugrats” surpassed Seinfeld and Frasier, having become the most watched show among adult males ages 18 - 31. 

Captain Crunch’s first name is actually Horatio, During sex, women are more likely to orgasm if they are wearing socks. 

The more men masturbate, the lower their chance of getting Prostate Cancer 

Happy Pizza" is a pizza sold in Cambodia topped with marijuana. 

Men are more aggressive kissers than women because the goal is to flood their partner with testosterone, Having an orgasm a day can add up to 4 years to your life - 700 in a year can add up to 8 years to your life 

 “Ed, Edd n Eddy” is Cartoon Network’s longest running series, airing for almost 11 years. 

In 1995, the Nicktoon “Rugrats” surpassed Seinfeld and Frasier, having become the most watched show among adult males ages 18 - 31. 

Captain Crunch’s first name is actually Horatio, A 1960 study found that LSD had the ability to cure 60% of alcoholic patients. 

Chinese parents have the ability to sue their children for not visiting them enough. 

The two most effective treatments for battling depression are exercise and spending times with pets. 

The average person farts 14 times a day., Stick to the fight when you're hardest hit. It's when things seem worst, that YOU MUST NOT QUIT." - C. W. Longenecker 

Free Pizza twt correct score of any nfl game 2day, B4 gametime " Pats x Fish Y give me a free Big Daddy Pizza. 1 guess per cust, per game 

Suppressing a sneeze can rupture your blood vessels and cause serious neck injuries. 

McDonalds feeds 46 MILLION people everyday!, Happy New Year to the Best Customers in the World
Open and devlivering to 10pm New Year's Day, In Ukraine, a teenage girl promised and agreed to give a blowjob to a random person if she got 10,000 likes on her social profile 

"I'm not going to limit myself just because people won't accept the fact that I can do something else." - Dolly Parton 

Most people are as happy as they make up their mind to be." - Abraham Lincoln 

Today I will do what others won't so tomorrow I can accomplish what others can't." - Jerry Rice, Your goals, minus your doubts, equal your reality." - Ralph Marston 

"You can have anything you want if you are willing to give up the belief that you can't have it." - Robert Anthony 

"Waiting hurts. Forgetting hurts. But not knowing which decision to take is the worst of suffering." - Paulo Coelho 

"There is nothing like a dream to create the future." - Victor Hugo, Hoarders to feature NFL Week 17 in upcoming episode after seeing how much garbage has already piled up. 

Ravens decide to suck for Luck today. 

Sanchez and Andy Reid fighting over who can go out with their head held lower 

Half the lies they tell about me aren't true. Yogi Berra, Bills say primary defensive strategy today is starting Mark Sanchez 

Coaches tell Vick he just needs to tweak his accuracy by a mile or so. 

Mark Sanchez determined to dethrone Matt Cassel from last place in QB ratings. 

Andy Reid spotted during halftime floating away on a life raft, #TB12 48 straight games with TD pass. Passes Johnny U (47) for No. 2 all time behind @DrewBrees

Calvin Johnson ends season with record 1,964 receiving yards -- for 4-12 team. More proof WR most overvalued position in sports. 

The @NYJets playing #MarkSanchez ahead of @TimTebow all year one of most clueless statistical decisions in #NFL history 

Tebow career 81.2 Real QB Rating would be No. 11 in NFL this year, Baseball players are smarter than football players. How often do you see a baseball team penalized for too many men on the field Jim Bouton 

Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second. William James 

Strange day: @ChicagoBears fans rooting for @packers; @Patriots fans rooting for @NFLColts, @Giants fans rooting for @Redskins

Patriots 416 first downs this year a new #NFL record., Everyone is guilty of smiling and saying "yeah" when they have absolutely no clue what someone just said 

If you never jumped around the furniture avoiding the lava on the ground, then you didn't have a childhood 

Where is the remote?" "All the way over there." "Guess I'm watching this." 

I'm a leader. Not a follower. Unless it's a dark place, then you're going first, In Hong Kong, a woman is allowed to kill her cheating husband, but only with her bare hands 

There is a village in England called "Bitchfield." 

Queen Victoria would use marijuana to relieve menstrual cramps. 

Men are born between a woman's legs and spend the rest of their lives trying to get back in them. Why? Because there's no place like home, Research shows that men tend to fall in love after just three dates, but women don't fall in love until date 14 

In Hong Kong, a woman is allowed to kill her cheating husband, but only with her bare hands 

There is a village in England called "Bitchfield.", The average woman smiles 62 times a day. The average man smiles only 8 times 

The opposite of déja vu is called 'jamais vu'. 

The average person burns 30 calories per hour while typing, Every year 1.2 million students drop out of school in the USA. That's about one every 26 seconds 

Babies born in Autumn or winter are more likely to develop a food allergy than those born in spring or summer 

You can stop mosquito bites from itching by running them under hot water, Movie theatres don’t let you bring in outside food because each theatre makes more money selling snacks, than selling tickets 

Walt Disney gave his housekeeper stocks every year for the holidays, and she died a multi-millionaire. 

If your throat tickles, scratching your ear can make it go away., Happy New Year 

To the best customers in the World

 Avoid Driving , Big Daddy's Delviers to 10 pm New Years Eve

 10 Pm New Years Day, A study suggests the higher your IQ, the more you dream. 

TIME Magazine and actually stands for “The International Magazine of Events.” 

Evan Almighty” was the most expensive comedy ever made, costing about $200 million to produce, Life is not a spectator sport." - Jackie Robinson 

I hated every minute of training, but I said: Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion." - Muhammad Ali 

Female porcupines have been witnessed using wooden sticks as dildos, 'The Lion King.' As the movie is still the highest-grossing traditionally animated film in history. 

disgruntled artist who drew a prominent phallic symbol on the VHS cover of 'The Little Mermaid' when the film was first released in 1990. 

There is a 5K obstacle race course themed after zombies, in which people run for their lives 

For almost 13 years from 1998 to 2010, Steve Jobs has been seen only wearing a black turtle neck, blue jeans and joggers, Jessica's Rabbit spinning causes a wardrobe prob: her red dress flies up past her thighs for a split second, her nether-regions are revealed 

The Little Mermaid - Clergyman Erection 

In Disney's 1977 'The Rescuers,' the sexual innuendo isnt an animated blunder l. It's actually a very real pic of a topless woman. 

Simba flops down in the dirt at the end of a cliff, the word "SEX" appears in a dust cloud. Animators say the cloud was meant to spell "SFX, 7 of the 9 writers of Mad Men are women. 

Trekkies Convinced the President and NASA to Name the Space Shuttle 'ENTERPRISE' 

The town F*cking, Austria had to MODIFY their signs to be theft resistant 

Baby Herman (Rogar Rabbit) is seen placing a folded up bill down the blouse of a voluptuous woman, the next frame she is all smiles, The Beatles had to dodge Jelly Babies thrown at them on stage because fans heard George Harrison liked them. 

A study showed that 59% of people in the US use the Internet and TV simultaneously 

Marijuana was1st illegal because cotton growers in the 30s lobbied against hemp farmers - they saw them as competitors 

If you type “Sell” in Google Finance, it’ll bring up Apple’s stock (AAPL), Two of the Beatles have children with the same birthday. 

None of The Beatles Could Read Music 

Yesterday" by the Beatles has been covered over 1,600 times. 

The Beatles wanted to star in a film version of the Lord of the Rings. They wanted Stanley Kubrick to direct, Friday night. Expectation: Parties, friends, and adventures. Reality: My bed, food, and my laptop 

You can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get. Michael Phelps 

The white Beetle in the famous Abbey Road photo got its license plate stolen countless times after the album got released 

The Beatles are the only artists to hold all of the Top Five spots on the Billboard charts at once., Show me a good loser, and I'll show you a loser. Vince Lombardi 

I want to rip out his heart and feed it t0 him. I want to kill people. I want to rip their stomachs out and eat their children. Mike Tyson 

If winning isn't everything, why do they keep score? Vince Lombardi 

Looking at a photograph and wishing you could re-live that moment over and over again, J.P.Morgan Bank has an exclusive NO limit card, 'Palladium Card' and it is made of 1 ounce of Palladium and 24K Gold. 

White tea, green tea, and black tea all are leaves of the same plant, only chemically treated differently 

Dysania is a term used for the situation when you are having a hard time waking up and getting out of bed in the morning 

Some are destined to succeed, some are determined to succeed." - H. H. Swami Tejomayanand, Cat in the Hat is the only move to receive a PG rating for double ENTENDRES! 

Plato's real name was Aristocles, 'Plato' was a nickname! 

John Lennon said Ringo Starr wasn't even the best DRUMMER in The Beatles! 

Chuck Norris occasionally volunteers as a cop, he has helped in some of the most notorious police raids., In 2008, 18,000 breast reduction surgeries were performed...on American men. 

The scientific name for ‘morning wood’ is “nocturnal penile tumescence”. 

There is a dress that becomes transparent when the person wearing it becomes aroused. 

The world's largest breast implants are size 38KKK, Go to your room" used to be the biggest punishment... But now we get pissed when our parents tell us to come out of our rooms 

Hardest job in the world: Police sketch artist in China 

10/16/04 Lisa Sparxxx had sex with 919 man in 12 hours as part of the World Gangbang Championship. part of Eroticon, in Warsaw, Poland. 

Depending on the variety, a condom can hold up to 7 gallons of liquid!, Happy New Year 

To the best customers in the World
 
Avoid Driving , Big Daddy's Delviers to 10 pm New Years Eve
 
10 Pm New Years Day, Behind every untrusting girl is a guy who made her that way 

Re: McElroy hiding concussion, Rex Ryan says it's important for players to be honest, except when it forces him to start Mark Sanchez. 

'Facebook is the people you went to school with whilst Twitter is the people you wish you went to school with 

Saying YOU'RE WELCOME really loudly when people dont thank you, Showing your friend a video and constantly 

Showing your friend a video and constantly checking their face to make sure their enjoying it... 

Teacher asks: "Why is your cat at school?" *Kid Crying* Kid: "I heard daddy say to mommy, 'Im going to eat that pussy when the kids leave' 

Student: Can I go to the bathroom? Teacher: You should've gone during the break. Student: I'm sorry I haven't planned out my pee schedule, Every time I see "explain" on a test a little part if me dies 

Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change. Stephen Hawking 

Common sense is not so common. Voltaire 

Disney Channel should just stop making new shows and replay all the old ones, Put the earphones on. Turn the music up loud. Close your eyes and escape from everything else. 

My ex texted me: "I Miss You..." So I replied: "We're sorry, the subscriber you are trying to reach doesn't give a fck." 

Don't you just love it when you have food and everybody is suddenly your best friend? 

I'm not offended by all the dumb blonde jokes because I know I'm not dumb... and I also know that I'm not blonde. Dolly Parton, I know that I am intelligent, because I know that I know nothing. Socrates 

If guns kill people, then pencils mispell words, cars make people drive drunk, and spoons make you fat 

The surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that it has never tried to contact us. Bill Watterson 

Some people make your life better by walking into it, while other people will make your life better by simply walking out of it., Kjรฆrlighet på pinne" is the Norwegian word for "lollipop" and translates to "love on a stick." 

 
Ariel is the only Disney Princess to have had a child 

A spouse's chances of becoming obese increases by 37% if his or her partner is obese, A survey found one in five women have ended a relationship because their significant other was too busy playing video games 

France is the leading country for people who get the most sleep. The U.S. is number 2 

When a man spots a woman he finds attractive, he holds his gaze for about 8.2 seconds, Goat meat is the most consumed meat in the world. 

A majority of American public school teachers come from the bottom 25% of their college classes 

Studies show women find smiling men less attractive 

Men are naturally more comedic than women because of the male hormone, testosterone, Boanthropy is a psychological disorder in which a human is convinced that they are an ox 

There's an Angry Birds theme park in China. 

Penis enlargement surgeries are free in Cuba. 

Japan uses 24 billion pairs of disposable chopsticks each year, China uses 45 billion - That’s 25 million trees used every year, For every human killed by sharks, 2 million sharks have been killed by humans 

The more coffee a person drinks, the more likely they are to hallucinate 

Nearly 40% of men do not feel confident when meeting a woman for the first time. 

Your nose can remember 50,000 scents, In 2011, for the first time in American history, non-white (Hispanic, black and Asian) births outnumbered white births. 

Silver-colored cars are least likely and white-colored cars are most likely to involved in a road accident 

The most rewarding things you do in life are often the ones that look like they cannot be done." - Arnold Palmer 

Failure is the tuition you pay for success." - Walter Brunell, In Japan, you can buy watermelons shaped like cubes, hearts, and pyramids 

You can prevent diabetes, heart diseases and many forms of cancer by eating popcorns regularly. 

Blue-eyed people tend to require more alcohol to get drunk compared to people with dark eyes 

 
Wealthy bureaucrats and businessmen in China have the choice to hire body doubles who’ll serve prison time sentenced to them, Nothing external to you has any power over you." - Ralph Waldo Emerson 

Stop and look around and realize just how many people are using your light to illuminate their path." - D. Carrizales 

There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul." - Ella Wheeler Wilcox 

If we don't discipline ourselves, the world will do it for us." - William Feather, Time Zones were developed by the RAILROAD industry 

Honeybees can be trained to sniff bombs and drugs just like sniffer dogs 

For $9.95, you can buy a pack of condom named "Obama Condom". 

Research has suggested that redheads require about 20% more anesthesia to get numb compared to other people, Time for NFL Football and Free Pizza
 
FaceBook or Tweet the Correct score of any NFL football game today and win a Free cheese Pizza
 
“ Pats X, Fish Y, Give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza,
 
One guess , per game, per customer. All guesses must be in before game starts, Of the past 14 presidents, 6 of them have been LEFT-HANDED and 1 ambidextrous! 

We never know the love of a parent till we become parents ourselves. Henry Ward Beecher 

There are 7 time zones in the USA Before 1883, almost every town decided their own times based on sunrise & sunset, which was inaccurate. 

Adolescence is not about letting go. It's about hanging on during a very bumpy ride. Ron Taffel, I would be a morning person, if morning happened around 3pm 

Telling a teenager the facts of life is like giving a fish a bath. Arnold H. Glasow 

Bank greet customer to change psychological of a would-be robber! .In 1979 11 of100 branches were robbbed. Since policy, 6 of 100 

Most American children suffer too much mother and too little father. Gloria Steinem, Children w a married mom & dad home have better well-being than kids of divorced, step-parent, single-parent,cohabiting homes. Todd Tiahrt 

Good girls are just bad girls that never got caught 

The interesting thing about being a mother is that everyone wants pets, but no one but me cleans the kitty litter. Meryl Streep 

Good girls are just bad girls that never got caught., figure that if the children are alive when I get home, I've done my job. Roseanne Barr 

Boyfri(end). Girlfri(end). Piz(forever)za. 

Having children is like having a bowling alley installed in your brain. Martin Mull 

A lion will never cheat on his wife, but a Tiger Wood, There are 80 million moms in the United States. Forty million stay at home with their children. Andrew Shue 

SARCASM: Because beating the hell out of people is illegal. 

My mother protected me from the world and my father threatened me with it. Quentin Crisp 

Why do we feel safe under blankets? It's not like a murderer will come in thinking, "I'm gonna kill- ahh damn! She's under a blanket, Love is staying up all night with a sick child - or a healthy adult. David Frost 

Whenever I delete an app on my iPhone the shaking icons make me feel like they're panicking over who's gonna go 

FACT: Kissing burns 6.4 calories a minute..... Ummm, wanna work out? 

My mother gave me my drive, but my father gave me my dreams. Thanks to him, I could see a future. Liza Minelli, Healthy citizens are the greatest asset any country can have. Winston Churchill 

No bastard ever won a war by dying for his country. He won by making the other poor dumb bastard die for his country. George S. Patton 

No one knows his true character until he has run out of gas, purchased on the installment plan and raised an adolescent. Marcelene Cox 

 
That annoying moment when people only respond to the last part of your text, and leave the first and middle parts unanswered, Time for NFL Football and Free Pizza

FaceBook or Tweet the Correct score of any NFL football game today and win a Free cheese Pizza

“ Pats X, Fish Y, Give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza,

One guess , per game, per customer. All guesses must be in before game starts, That awkward moment when your teacher asks you to read out loud, and you don’t even know what page they’re on 

"It's gonna be okay." ... "Yeah, because it's not happening to you." 

Cross country skiing is great if you live in a small country. Steven Wright 

Dear Internet users, One day you will really regret not reading me. Sincerely, Terms and Conditions., It may be true that you can't fool all the people all the time, but you can fool enough of them to rule a large country 

If I had Morgan Freeman’s voice, I would just sit around talking to myself all day 

My room may be a mess but i know where EVERYTHING is 

Addiction is not crime. It has to be treated as a health issue, Over 500,000 people are in jail as nonviolent drug users. Ralph Nader, The best thing about the future is that it comes one day at a time. Abraham Lincoln 

When i was 5, sticking my tongue out was like giving someone the middle finger 

2 + 2 = Fish. 3 + 3 = Eight. 7 + 7 = Triangle.

D.R.A.M.A. = Dumb Retards Asking for More Attention, If you don't have a dark secreat, its not to late to get one 

Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions. Dalai Lama 

Am i the only one who uses their foot to flush the toilet in public rest rooms 

Time is money. Benjamin Franklin, Happiness is nothing more than good health and a bad memory. Albert Schweitzer 

Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know. Ernest Hemingway 

Future. That period of time in which our affairs prosper, our friends are true and our happiness is assured. Ambrose Bierce 

Me opening the fridge: "Baby you light up my world like nobody else.", You’re as useless as the ''ay'' in ''okay''. 

Happiness is not a goal; it is a by-product. Eleanor Roosevelt 

Before sex, you help each other get naked. After sex, you only dress yourself. Moral of the story: No one helps you once you're fck-ed. 

The awkward moment when your parents don't appreciate the hilarious child they have been blessed with, I just want perfect skin and hair and teeth and body proportions and endless supplies of money and intelligence is that too much to ask for 

Karma has no menu. You get served what you deserve. 

Once I put on my headphones, my life becomes a music video 

computer viruses should count as life. it says something that the only form of life we have created is purely destructive. Stephen Hawking, Maple Bacon flavored coffee? It’s real! 

People take insults better when they're lying down. 

People take insults better when they're lying down 

The average amount of time a woman can keep a secret is 47 hours and 15 minutes, The number of nipples an animal has is approximately the number of offspring it can bear 

It takes about 12 hours for food to entirely digest. 

Ringo Starr was the voice of the narrator for "Thomas the Tank Engine 

Humans are the slowest growing of all mammals, The most rewarding things you do in life are often the ones that look like they cannot be done." - Arnold Palmer 

The earliest same-sex wedding ceremony performed was in 65 A.D 

Shakespeare’s wife was named Anne Hathaway. 

The average price of a slave worldwide is $90 - You would probably pay less for a slave than a new iPod, Jay Z, Busta Rhymes, DMX, and Notorious B.I.G were all schoolmates in George Westinghouse Career and Technical Education High School 

The reason why people give up so fast is because they tend to look at how far they still have to go, instead of how far they have gotten." 

It is not fair to ask of others what you are not willing to do yourself." - Eleanor Roosevelt 

Whenever something negative happens to you, there is a deep lesson concealed within it." - Eckhart Tolle, There are 18.6 million empty homes and 3.5 million homeless people in America meaning that every homeless American can own six houses. 

Lil Wayne is the first artist who has surpassed Elvis Presley as the male with the most entries on Billboard's Hot 100 chart. 

When petting, cats lift their butt as a way of inviting you to sniff their asshole 

Chimpanzees take only 10 to 15 seconds to finish their sexual intercorse, NEVER break into your car thru the small glass panels; they’re actually the most expensive 

'Nimrod' became a synonym for idiot thanks to Bugs Bunny! 

The caffeine nap" a nap right after intaking caffeine is considered to be the best power nap 

Android users are more likely to partake in one-night stands compared to iPhone and Blackberry users, a dating site survey concluded, I'll do my homework in 5 mins, In 10 mins, In 30 mins, In 1 hour,I'll just do it tomorrow. 

As a teenager you are at the last stage in your life when you will be happy to hear that the phone is for you. Fran Lebowitz 

Porky Pig once swore in a Looney Tunes cartoon! 

Bugs Bunny was originally “happy rabbit”., Twitter makes me want to have drinks with people I've never met, and Facebook makes me want to throw drinks at people I already know 

To an adolescent, there is nothing in the world more embarrassing than a parent. Dave Barry 

 
Our generation will be the weirdest grandparents. 

 
My kids idea of a hard life is to live in a house with only one phone. George Foreman, Chocolate Orange Cupcake
 $1.99
 Chocolate Orange Cake Topped With Orange Butter Cream And Dark Chocolate Ganache, "K" = the most powerful way to piss someone off while texting

Saying "I'm almost there" when you actually haven't even left the house.

Well, I could do it for a day, but I wouldn't want to be a teenager again. I really wouldn't. Jamie Lee Curtis 

a teenager is not about to listen to advice from an old person, defined as a person who remembers when there was no Velcro. Dave Barry, In 1995 a surgeon performed an operation on a airplane using a coat hanger sterilized in brandy

The record low temperature on New Year's Eve at the Times Square ball drop is 1 degree with a wind chill of 18 degrees below zero in 1917. The record high is 58 in 1965 and 1972., Chocolate Orange Cupcake
 $1.99
 Chocolate Orange Cake Topped With Orange Butter Cream And Dark Chocolate Ganache, Britons have to pay $230 for a “television license” every year as a tax to support the BBC

2010 was the first year since 1974 that Christopher Walken didn't appear in a movie! 

70% of Americans don’t have passports., Queen is the only band in which every member has individually written more than one #1 hit.

Every bridge & tunnel in Switzerland has built-in explosives so the entire country can be turned into a mountain fortress in time of war 

Idiot" originates from the ancient Greek word ἰδιώτης (idiōtēs)--a private person, a person who is not actively interested in politics

The Movie Shrek is based on an actual Children’s Book,shrek, All of Santa's Reindeer are probably FEMALE! becouse male reindeer lose thier racks by dec

A Wall Street Journal investigation found some Online Retailers raise prices based on your address. Prices can raise in as little as 2 miles

You will never see a UPS driver with a beard

Mensa Members have different colored 'hug dots' on their name tags to indicate their willingness to receive a hug at meetings, To live is to change, and to be perfect is to have changed often. John Henry Newman 

St. Nicholas- a generous Saint who gave presents to needy children

banans are used to make socks and also pillows and booms

Ice cream testers use gold spoons to be able to taste the product 100% w/o a slight percentage of 'after-taste' from typical spoons, Life is largely a matter of expectation. Horace

When I was a kid, I wanted to be older. This was not what I expected..

My maturity level depends on who I'm with.. 

That awkward moment when your walking down the stairs and think theres another step and you hulk stomp the ground, I need an extra day between Saturday and Sunday.

I don't always study. But when I do, I make sure my parents notice

Every man regards his own life as the New Year's Eve of time. Jean Paul

 School Faces: Monday :( Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday :) Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-, Acting like your texting when you see someone you don't want to talk to

Life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises. Samuel Butler

That fake laugh you do when you don't know what someone just said

What a wonderful life I've had! I only wish I'd realized it sooner. Sidonie Gabrielle Colette, Give me the luxuries of life and I will willingly do without the necessities. Frank Lloyd Wright 

There is only one difference between a long life and a good dinner: that, in the dinner, the sweets come last. Robert Louis Stevenson

Tall guy + short girl = cute. Short guy + tall girl = reaaally awkward

Life is a moderately good play with a badly written third act. Truman Capote, a wild beast may wound your body, but an evil friend will wound your mind. Buddha

I wish my friend's houses were connected to mine by secret tunnels..

I've lived through 1/1/1, 2/2/2, 3/3/3, 4/4/4, 5/5/5, 6/6/6, 7/7/7, 8/8/8, 9/9/9, 10/10/10, 11/11/11, and now it is 12/12/12. I'm cool 

Old enough to know better, Too young to care, Childhood is just like being drunk, everyone remembers what you did, except you.

A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same. Elbert Hubbard

Giving your friend the "what the fuck is this" look during a test

if you tickle me, I'm not responsible for your injuries, the US has the sixth-highest divorce rate. Russia, Belarus, Ukraine, Moldova and the Cayman Islands take the top five spots in that order

Roughly 67% to 80% of second marriages end in divorce, while third marriages crumble at an even higher rate 

My bed time is when my laptop battery dies

A single rose can be my garden... a single friend, my world. Leo Buscaglia, In 2013, you’ll be able to reuse calendars from the years 2002, 1991, 1885, 1974, 1963, 1957,1946, 1935, 1929 and 1918 

Sir Isaac Newton predicted that the world would end in the year 2060 

The creator of Pringles had his ashes stored in a Pringles can after he died. 

Phyllis Vance from the hit show "The Office" used to be an NFL, Honey can be deadly to babies that are less than a year old 

During WWII, Japan bombed China with fleas that had been infected with the bubonic plague 

The sun evaporates about one trillion tons of water each day 

Diet Pepsi was originally called Patio Diet Cola, No matter how much sleep I get, I'm always tired when getting up for school.

A mistake is simply another way of doing things. Katharine Graham

Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom. Thomas Jefferson

I have looked into your eyes with my eyes. I have put my heart near your heart. Pope John XXIII, Give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it, and I shall move the world. Archimedes

It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see. Henry David Thoreau

Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools, and accepted by idiots

Nothing is more disappointing than a birthday card with no money inside, A man begins cutting his wisdom teeth the first time he bites off more than he can chew. Herb Caen 

Admit it. This is how we explain our conversations, "I was like- then she was like- and then I was like- and she was like 

When I drop my phone, I act like I just dropped a new born baby 

"k", get back to me when you learn the rest of the alphabet, Wisdom begins in wonder. Socrates

Why do parents think it's so easy to get straight A's?

Remember when I asked for your opinion? Me neither

Honesty is the best policy. Benjamin Franklin, Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day; wisdom consists in not exceeding the limit. Elbert Hubbard

My life flashes before my eyes when my phone has 1% battery power left 

thought that test was really easy, until I saw my grade

You know you're really lazy when you get excited about cancelled plans, it oesn't matter how old I get, I'm still going to mentally sing the ABC's until I get to the letter I'm looking for

in Chinese, the word "crisis" is composed of 2 characters.1 represents danger & the other represents opportunity. John F. Kennedy 

Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one. Albert Einstein 

That awkward moment you realize you’ve been mispronouncing a word your entire life, Knowing others is wisdom, knowing yourself is Enlightenment. Lao Tzu

 don't care how small that spider is. I want it dead

Checking the time on your phone twice because you forgot it the first time 

Be happy. It's one way of being wise. Sidonie Gabrielle Colette, A good decision is based on knowledge and not on numbers. Plato

You know you're amazing when people you don't even know hate you 

In every walk with nature one receives far more than he seeks. John Muir

The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends. Friedrich Nietzsche, We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future. George Bernard Shaw

That look you give your friends when someone attractive walks in the room.

A poem begins in delight and ends in wisdom. Robert Frost

✔ Food ✔ Bed ✔ Music ✔ Twitter ✔ Cellphone = Perfect day, Saying "what" but then one second later realizing what they said

The awkward moment when your friend is friends with the person you hate

Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk. Doug Larson

I'm not weird, I'm limited edition., The less you talk, the more you're listened to. Abigail Van Buren

Awkwardly standing there while your friend is talking to someone you don't know

Turn your wounds into wisdom. Oprah Winfrey

Sexually rubbing the wall until you find the light switch, The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds. John F. Kennedy

Whenever I delete text messages, I feel like I’m deleting evidence.. 

A prudent question is one-half of wisdom. Francis Bacon

I hate it when parents ask me to do something, but then criticize how I do it, Impossible is not a fact. It's an opinion." - Muhammad Ali 

Until 1912, a regulation football field was 110 yards and a touchdown counted for 5 points

Most people want a perfect relationship... I just want a hamburger that looks like the ones in commercials

 totally take back all those times I didn't want to nap when I was younger, Success doesn't require everybody's approval." - Steve Whyte 

When you live for a strong purpose, then hard work isn't an option. It's a necessity." - Steve Pavlina

Being responsible sometimes means pissing people off." - Colin Powell 

You can hurt with your words, but you can also hurt with your silence." - Paulo Coelho, Never let the odds keep you from doing what you know in your heart you were meant to do." - H. Jackson Brown Jr

Conceit is bragging about yourself. Confidence means you believe you can get the job done." - Johnny Unitas

I've got a theory that if you give 100% all of the time, somehow things will work out in the end." - Larry Bird 

Success doesn't require everybody's approval." - Steve Whyte, Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. William James

Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice. Wayne Dyer

With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts. Eleanor Roosevelt

If you're going through hell, keep going. Winston Churchill, People who regularly help others are significantly happier and less likely to become depressed as they get older

A megalomaniac is a person who is extremely full of themselves and overestimates their abilities

The only cells that survive from the time you are born until death are in your eye

Too much stress and high blood pressure can lead to a condition called "hematidrosis" in which a person sweats blood, One in 5,000 babies are born without an anus

A woman once sued Cap'n Crunch because their "crunchberries" weren't real berries

Shakira signed with Sony Records and recorded her first single when she was just 13 years old

Spazzstick is a brand of chapstick that's made with caffeine to keep you alert, One in 10 mature couples still react to their partner with the same intensity as those in the first stages of romantic love 

The root of the word "passion" is the Latin word "passio" which means "suffering."

A condition called Micturition syncope can cause a person to faint from urinating

The average male will ejaculate 7,200 times in their life., Women have heightened sensitivity to the cold. 

The Truman Syndrome is a condition where an individual honestly believes that their life is part of a reality TV show.

Women tend to respond best to compliments about their lips.

Saying "pineapple" to someone as their about to sneeze can cause them to "forget" about sneezing, In 29 states in the US, it’s legal to fire an employee for being gay.

Men in love show more activity in the visual part of the brain while women show more activity in the area that governs memory

Studies show that having sex on the first date is more likely to have a negative effect on your relationships

People are more likely to kill themselves on a Monday than any other day of the week, Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you. Thomas Jefferson

We are more likely to help people who resemble us

Neil Armstrong sued his barber of 20 years after he sold his hair to a collector for $3,000

It generally takes longer to tell a lie than to tell the truth, The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best. Epictetus

Follow your dreams, work hard, practice and persevere. Make sure you eat a variety of foods. Sasha Cohen

By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail. Benjamin Franklin

Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward. Victor Kiam, 95% of The White House was built by slaves  

Elephants are the only mammals that cannot jump. 

Harry S. Truman was the last U.S. President to not have a college degree 

The first couple to ever be shown in bed together on prime time television were Fred and Wilma Flintstone, Christmas turns out to be the most lethal day of the year. By a long shot. Followed by New Year’s Day

Making $464 million since the year 2000, “How the Grinch Stole Christmas” is the most successful holiday movie of all time 

About 1 in 6 men have had abusive sexual experiences before the age of 18. 

It is illegal in 10 U.S. states to charge extra when a customer wants to use a credit card, Game of Thrones was the most pirated TV-show of 2012 

80% of schizophrenics are smokers as opposed to 20% of the general population 

The U.S. government monitors Facebook and Twitter for certain words such as “toxic, North Korea, cloud and pork.” 

The creator of the band-aid originally made it for his wife, who often cut herself while cooking, What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. Henry David Thoreau

Things do not happen. Things are made to happen. John F. Kennedy

I've worked 2 hard and 2 long 2 let anything stop my goals. I will not let my teammates down ,I will not let myself down. Mia Hamm

If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success. John D. Rockefeller, Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there. Bo Jackson 

What you do today can improve all your tomorrows. Ralph Marston

Never complain and never explain. Benjamin Disraeli 

Well done is better than well said. Benjamin Franklin, Shakira fluently speaks Spanish, English, Italian, Arabic, and Portuguese.

A study found that, people with lots of friends are 22 percent less likely to die than those with fewer friends

Adult cats do not meow to each other, they only meow to communicate with humans and only purr to the humans they love

The average vagina is 3-4 inches long, but the vagina can expand by 200% when a woman is sexually aroused, Disneyland secret: there's a basketball court & gym inside of Matterhorn Mountain!

If you hold the head of a chicken still and draw a straight line while chicken is looking at it, it will be hypnotized for 30 minutes

Since 2005, in Tennessee they have the “Crack Tax” which is a tax cocaine, marijuana and moonshine 

3,000 to 4,000 teenagers start smoking cigarettes or marijuana and 5,000 to 8,000 start drinking on any average day, The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph. Thomas Paine

The Oxford dictionary now officially includes the words 'chillax' and 'whatevs'

Every year about 32000 babies are born from pregnancies caused by sexual assault and rape in the US

The number of slaves present today exceeds 27 million, which is the highest number ever in the human history, Do your work with your whole heart, and you will succeed - there's so little competition. Elbert Hubbard

Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it. Dwight D. Eisenhower 

Go big or go home. Because it's true. What do you have to lose? Eliza Dushku

The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large. Confucius, More than 40 episodes of The Simpsons are just remake of scenes from different movies and TV programs 

Jesus Christ was not born on Christmas Day, or even during the winter, the actual date is September 11th, 3 BC. 

death rates slopes up for a few weeks pre-Xmas, then sinks after the big day 

The world's oldest dog on record lived to be 29 years old. 

Expand, Golgomath, the largest giant in the Harry Potter series, refers to the mathematical number googol (one followed by unlimited zeros). 

Drinking habits and education are directly proportional in women; The more educated a woman is, the more likely she is to drink heavily 

Taking LSD was one of the two or three most important things I’ve experienced in my life” was quoted by former Apple CEO, Steve Jobs, The "Middle Finger" gesture was first used in an ancient Greek play in 423 B.C, referring to "a male who submits to anal penetration". 

Santa would have to travel 221 million miles in one night to deliver Christmas gifts to all the children of the world 

Your ankle is the most satisfying place to scratch in your entire body and produce sensations similar to having sex 

Gays and lesbians are 39% more likely to be left-handed than heterosexuals., Disneyland is home to a huge cat pop. cats reduce rodent population . 5 feeding stations R in the park. 

Holder of the Guinness World record for the fattest woman, Pauline Potter, lost 100 pounds by having sex 7 times a day. 

drive disney's Riverboat. B 4 you board boat, ask cast member if you can visit the wheel house, to steer the boat and ring the bell 

Women are capable of reaching orgasm by simply kissing continuously, Be interesting, be enthusiastic... and don't talk too much." - Norman Peale 

You can do this, you have it within you. You need to be uncomfortable to grow." - Tara Costa 

Your chances of success in any undertaking can always be measured by your belief in yourself." - Robert Collier 

The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power." - Mary Pickford, Courage is like a muscle. We strengthen it with use." - Ruth Gordon 

Remember, if Christmas isn't found in your heart, you won't find it under a tree." - Charlotte Carpenter 

Disneyland has 300 security agents, more than the number of cops in Anaheim, watching out for drugs, & stopping flashing the ride cameras 

Many people have decided that dumping their loved one's ashes in Disneyland, particularly in the Haunted Mansion, There are nine Disney Princesses. It includes, Cinderella, Snow White, Sleeping Beauty, Jasmine, Belle, and Ariel 

Never let your past experiences harm your future. Your past can't be altered and your future doesn't deserve the punishment 

The only way round is through." - Robert Frost 

aBrighton 
Your life can't go according to plan if you have no plan, The will to succeed is important, but what's more important is the will to prepare. Bobby Knight

The dog that trots about finds a bone. Golda Meir 

Poverty was the greatest motivating factor in my life. Jimmy Dean 

You can't expect to hit the jackpot if you don't put a few nickels in the machine. Flip Wilson, Female Olympic athletes began competing in the freestyle swimming competition in 1912

Golf the only sport played on the moon - on 6 February 1971 Alan Shepard hit a golf ball

Bill Klem served the most seasons as major league umpire - 37 years, starting in 1905. He also officiated 18 World Series

Volleyball was invented by William George Morgan of Holyoke, Massachusetts in 1895, Chocolate & Caramel Cupcakes 

99 Cents Today

Vanilla Cake filled with Chewy caramel topped with vanilla butter cream and dark chocolate ganache, Four men in the history of boxing have been knocked out in the first eleven seconds of the first round

Mark McGwire's record-setting 70 home runs in the 1998 season traveled a total of 29,598 feet, enough to fly over Mount Everest

Bonnie Sloan was the first deaf person to play in the NFL

Wimbledon is the only major tennis tournament still played on grass, Female Olympic athletes began competing in the freestyle swimming competition in 1912

Golf the only sport played on the moon - on 6 February 1971 Alan Shepard hit a golf ball
Expand Collapse

Bill Klem served the most seasons as major league umpire - 37 years, starting in 1905. He also officiated 18 World Series

Volleyball was invented by William George Morgan of Holyoke, Massachusetts in 1895, King James II of Scotland banned golf in 1457 because he said it distracted the men from archery practice needed for national defense

In 1908 the Fédération Internationale de Natation Amateur (FINA), which is the world’s first swimming association, was formed

Mark Spitz in 1972 broke all records in the history of swimming at the 1972 Summer Olympics and won seven gold medals

The backstroke became an Olympic competitive swim event in 1900, The colors blue,red,yellow,black & green were chosen for the Olympic rings because at least one of them appears on the flag of every nation

The world's fastest racquet sport is badminton where the shuttlecock reaches speeds of over 200 mph

Horseback riding has a higher injury rate than motorcycle riding
Expand Collapse

The silhouette on the NBA logo is Hall of Fame Laker Jerry West, The first ice skates were simply animal bones tied to the feet

During a 1942 baseball game b/w pros & convicts at California's Folsom Prison, 2 life sentence prisoners escaped. They were later found

During his rookie year with the Atlanta Falcons, Brett Favre was 0 for 4 in his passing attempts and threw 2 interceptions

The Philadelphia 76ers hold the record for most defeats in a season with 73 during their 1972-1973 season, 11h Big Daddy's Pizza Big Daddy's Pizza @BDPizzaBrighton

In 1910 football teams were penalized 15 yards for an incompleted forward pass

Female Olympic athletes began competing in the freestyle swimming competition in 1912

Cleveland Indians shortstop Ray Chapman was the only man in Major League Baseball history to be killed by a pitch

The International Table Tennis Federation doesn't care what the table is made of as long the ball bounces to a certain height when dropped, In 2004, the minimum NFL salary was $230,000

The only professional sports team to be named after a person is the Cleveland Browns

The high jump method of jumping head first and landing on the back is called the Fosbury Flop

Since 1990 only three teams have started 0-3 and made the playoffs -- 1992 Chargers (11-5), 1995 Lions (010-6), 1998 Bills (10-6, Having someone hold your hot coffee can make them think you have a "warmer" personality 

Love" is derived from a Sanskrit word "lubh," which means desire 

Before 1912 in football, a forward pass couldn't be caught more than 20 yards past the line of scrimmage

 2004 the average NBA salary was $4.9 million, The word "Bromance" has been added to the new Merriam-Webster's Dictionary. 

Mageirocophobia is the intense fear of having to cook 

Scopophobia is the morbid fear of being seen or stared at by others 

The original working title of the show "The Big Bang Theory" was "Lenny, Penny, and Kenny, Studies show that if a man meets a woman in a dangerous situation (and vice versa), they are more likely to fall in love 

During the Middle Ages, children were given beer for breakfast 

Kyrofelonoshophobia is the fear of cartoon characters. 

Barack Obama has a Cadillac with 8 inch thick doors, equipped with shotguns inside of it, The Mayan apocalypse was a win /win, we all woke up on the 22nd, or we would have found a way to get rid of the Kardashians 

Avocados are known as the "fruit of the testicle tree" and are believed to have aphrodisiac qualities 

Esodophobia" is the fear of losing virginity. 

Playing “hard-to-get” can actually increase your chance of a serious relationship, The country of Ireland is producing a new version of cheers, Men drinking on a bar stool " Irish reality tv" 

pipin is coming back to B way, off since 1977. When the producer was ask " why such a long absence" he replied " pippin aint easy" 

Simon cowell is dating Carmen Electra, when asked if the low cut tops were embarrassing . electra said she will get use to them 

The good news about the Mayan apocalypse is that we are still here, Bad news got to finish xmas shopping, St. Nicholas, commonly known as Santa Claus, died on December 6, 346 

You can actually get a tattoo on your bt hole. -- Most popular area to get inked now a days 
• 

Intelligent people are three times more likely to suffer from depression and anxiety 

The correct plural of penis is "Penes" not penises in English language, The chances of getting a prostate cancer in middle aged men is reduced to one third if they had 3 orgasms a week in their 20's. 

The metal detector was invented by Graham Bell to find a bullet in President James Garfield's dead body. 

Superman celebrates his birthday on February 29th, he is currently 74 years old. 

The inventor of Rubik's cube himself took one month to solve it before introducing it to the world, In 1999, two women were burnt down by a lightning strike when the underwire in their bras worked as an electrical conductors. 

The founder of Apple, Steve Jobs was actually half-Arab from his biological father's side, but never got to see his father 

Every person that makes a profile on Facebook adds about $47 to the entire value of the company! 

Once Eddie Van Halen tried to play the guitar solo for Michael Jackson's “Beat it” and the speakers in the studio suddenly burst into flames, A Gorilla named Koko was taught sign language, lied to trainers by blaming the pet kitten after tearing down a metal sink out of the wall 

There is a remote control shortcut to skip unavoidable trailers, title screens and warnings in DVDs, simply press STOP STOP PLAY 

The song Gangnam Style actually describes "the perfect girlfriend who knows when to be refined and when to get wild 

In 1938, Adolf Hitler was Time magazine's man of the year and in 1939, he was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize, Happiness does not depend on outward things, but on the way we see them." - Leo Tolstoy 

Maybe you're far from where you wanna be, but each day forward is another step closer 

There's no substitute for guts." - Paul Bear Bryant 

The Swedish and Finnish government pays students monthly pocket money if they attend high school and university, Star Trek actors messed up a scene to FORCE the network to air one of the 1st interracial kisses on TV! 

Mars Rover Curiosity was NAMED by a 6th grader 

"If I have the belief that I can do it, I shall surely acquire the capacity to do it even if I may not have it at the beginning." - Gandhi 

Opportunities multiply as they are seized." - Sun Tzu, What was the FIRST online purchase? Lock in your answers! The correct answer is...Pizza! 

PSY paid $442,360 USD fines and served mandatory MILITARY service for 4 years 

Moviegoers in theaters tend to BLINK in unison! 

Parents of twins are slightly more likely to get divorced than parents without twins, Mayan excuses, why the world did not explode #10 wait for it , wait for it 

Osama bin lauden lived in a big house in Pakastan for 7 yr. With 3 wifes and 30 kids , so yes he was toutured 

 
Identical twins don’t have identical fingerprints 

The Death Star trench scene was INSPIRED by a film called The Dam Busters! Some say ripoff, Mayan excuses, why the world did not explode #6 uh, leap year? 

Mayan excuses, why the world did not explode #7 no apocalyspe prediction no sweet, pre-apocalypse sex 

Mayan excuses, why the world did not explode #8 mayan word for ‘ apocalypse very similare to mayan word for “ apple crisp” 

Mayan excuses, why the world did not explode #9 margin of error is +/- 5000 years, Mayan excuses, why the world did not explode #2 it was pretty cold and snowy there for a few minutes so we were kind of right 

Mayan excuses, why the world did not explode #3 apoca whoops 

Mayan excuses, why the world did not explode #4 Didn’t the world end when Justin bieber and selena Gomez broke up? 

Mayan excuses, why the world did not explode #5 intern hit send before double checking, News about cold spell, Tebow, ask to be traded to Miami for a warmer bench. 

News about cold spell, elmo hit on a furby 

Do you know what the mayan’s Now call dec 21.12…………April fools day 

Mayan excuses, why the world did not explode #1 just trying to get out of xmas with inlaws, Germans have a word "Backpfeifengesicht" for a face that badly needs a punch. 

Some psychologists conclude that we tend to fall in love with people similar to the parent whom we have unresolved childhood issues 

The human body is at its lowest ebb between 3 am and 4 am -- The most likely time for someone to die in their sleep 

Soruces say tebow and Camilla Belle broke up because tebow felt Camilla Belle was using him and rex ryan wasn’t, 25% of users say they have been dumped over Facebook at least once 

With 1.8 million fans on Facebook and his own book, Boo the Pomeranian is said to be the cutest dog in the world 

Students at a University in Canada are getting a puppy room to help them cope with the 

A pound of dimes has the same exact worth as a pound of quarters, Santa started wearing red after a Coca Cola's advertising campaign in 1920, before that he used to wear blue, green or yellow. 

The 3rd US President, Thomas Jefferson kept 2 pet Grizzly Bears at the White House 

Drinking 4 bottles (1 liter) of cola daily reduce sperm count in men upto 30% 

People who play videogames are less likely to have nightmares, Abraham Lincoln, the 16th President of the US, taught himself how to read and write as he only attended school for less than even a year! 

There is a fish named "Penis Head" who has penis attached on its head 

Karen the computer WIFE of Plankton in Spongebob Squarepants has 256GB of RAM installed in it 

YOLO” is actually a restaurant in Florida and was founded before Drake used the word for the first time., "It is not the solid wood that can become a flute, it is the empty reed." - Hazrat Inayat Khan 

Your biggest competition is the person in the mirror. Can you beat the old you and make a new you?" - Dolvett Quince 

If you suffer from constant depression, playing video games helps release stress much better than counseling does 

Santa would need 12 million employees to deliver all of his presents to 760 million children on Xmas, "It is not the solid wood that can become a flute, it is the empty reed." - Hazrat Inayat Khan 

Your biggest competition is the person in the mirror. Can you beat the old you and make a new you?" - Dolvett Quince 

If you suffer from constant depression, playing video games helps release stress much better than counseling does 

Santa would need 12 million employees to deliver all of his presents to 760 million children on Xmas, Dogs are capable of understanding 250 words and gestures! 

You've got to win in your mind before you win in your life." - John Addison 

To be number one, you have to train like you're number two." - Maurice Greene 

The people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do." - Jack Kerouac, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is Based on Pippi Longstocking! 

Al Capone started one of the first SOUP KITCHENS 

A brain condition can give you an uncontrollable desire to make PUNS! Do you have it 

The Catholic Church is the largest non-governmental provider of health services in the world, Hewlet-Packard ships more than 1 million printers per week 

Google's first tweet was their famous phrase: "I'm Feeling Lucky" written in binary code 

Microsoft traditionally celebrates major events by handing out and eating M&Ms 

When bacon is rolled into a plug and inserted into the nose, it can stop chronic and uncontrollable nose bleeds, Rugby balls were once made from pigs' bladders and had to be blown up by breath alone 

The sport of rugby is named after Rugby School, where the game was first played 

Michael Jordan scored an average of 28.2 points per game his first season in the NBA 

Rene Lacoste won 10 major titles over the course of his seven-year career in tennis, Facebook is testing charging you $1 to send an Inbox message to someone you're not friends with 

The first videogame to have a backstory behind the characters was Donkey Kong 

Humanity has spent a collective 200,000 years playing Angry Birds 

-) is considered the first emoticon is credited to Kevin Mackenzie in 1979, Rugby balls were once made from pigs' bladders and had to be blown up by breath alone 

The sport of rugby is named after Rugby School, where the game was first played 

Michael Jordan scored an average of 28.2 points per game his first season in the NBA 

Rene Lacoste won 10 major titles over the course of his seven-year career in tennis, Quarterback Joe Theismann changed the pronounciation of his name to rhyme with Heisman 

Despite being allergic to chocolate Ken Griffey, Jr. had a chocolate bar named after him 

The referee tossed a jump ball after every basket in basketball until 1937 

In July of 1934, Babe Ruth paid a fan $20 for the return of the baseball he hit for his 700th career home run., The chances of making two holes-in-one in a round of golf are one in 67 million 

NFL defensive lineman Jevon Kearse was nicknamed "The Freak" because of his huge hands and unusually wide arm span 

A form of synchronized swimming is as old as dancing in general; there's evidence of in-water performances in ancient Greece & Rome 

The spitball pitch was declared illegal in baseball after such a pitch killed a player, The Cleveland Indians have gone longer without a championship than any other team in the American League 

On February 7 1950, Ted Williams of the Boston Red Sox entered spring training as baseball's highest-paid player, with a $125,000 contract. 

On April 23 1950, the Minneapolis Lakers defeat Syracuse Nationals in the first National Basketball Association (NBA) championship. 

Catgut, used in the making of tennis racket strings, is made out of the intestines of various animals (but not cats!), The silhouette on the Major League Baseball logo is Harmon Killebrew. 

The tennis term love is derived from l`oeuf, the French word for egg, symbolizing zero 

Karate was first called "te". It was later influenced by martial artists from China and called "kara te" meaning "Chinese hand" 

The word 'jock' comes from 'jockstrap,' which were created for 19th century cyclists or 'jockeys', About 42,000 tennis balls are used in the plus-minus 650 matches in the Wimbledon Championship 

60% of NFL players suffer at least one concussion during their career 

The odds that an NFL player will suffer a major injury over the course of his career are 7 in 10 

President Howard Taft began a sports tradition by throwing out the first baseball of the season, Most anticipated new weather channel programs # 10 How I met your anemometer 

The Best sign of Apocalypse, the NYC Knicks are in first place 

NYC just raised subway fares from 2.25 to 2.50, on the bright side where else can you see live sex for that price 

AAA predicts that 93.3 million Americans will travel 50 miles or more this holiday season, an increase of 1.6 percent compared to last year, Most anticipated new weather channel programs #5 20/20 or (-7/-7) Celsius 

Most anticipated new weather channel programs #6 cumulomimbiformication 

Most anticipated new weather channel programs #7Two broke glaciers 

Most anticipated new weather channel programs #8 Downpour abbey, Time for NFL Football and Free Pizza

 

 FaceBook or Tweet the Correct score of any NFL football game today and win a Free cheese Pizza

 

“ Pats X, Jags Y, Give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza,

 

One guess , per game, per customer. All guesses must be in before game starts, Most anticipated new weather channel programs #1.5 Battle star galoshes 

Most anticipated new weather channel programs #2 High of five 0 

Most anticipated new weather channel programs #3 Two and a half feet 

Most anticipated new weather channel programs #4 The wet mentalist, To buy all the items listed in the song “12 Days of Christmas” would cost you about $107,000 

Today’s the winter solstice! 

Kermit was originally a lizard, not a frog 

Most anticipated new weather channel programs #1 Drizzle or no drizzle, The average person has 3 to 5 best friends, and usually hates one person in their social group. 

The Honey Badger is listed in the Guinness Book of World Records as the “World’s Most Fearless Creature 

Drinking helps to fight against Radioactive Poisoning - The survivors of Chernobyl were drunk at the time 

A British company has developed video games installed in bathroom urinals that men control with their stream of pee, Women and children tend to like creamy peanut butter while men usually prefer crunchy 

50% of men use the 5-second rule to eat food off the ground, while 70% of women do the same 

On average, adults watch double the amount of TV than most teenagers do 

There are actually 392 billionaires in the United States, Canada has a free service run by volunteers that will drive you home if you are too drunk to drive during the holiday season. 

About 200 calories are burned during an intense sex session - The equivalent of running for 15 minutes on a treadmill. 

Santa would need 12 million people working for him to make sure all of his presents are delivered on Christmas without using magic 

Santa would need to visit 1,178 homes every second in order to deliver presents to everyone on Christmas, A soap called "Shower Shock" contains caffeine and supposedly gives you a caffeine kick as you take a shower 

Orgasms can cure hiccups. 

Orgasms can cause bad breath for women. 

Redheads are more susceptible to skin cancer, even without prolonged sun exposure, Sylvester Stallone had to sell his dog for $50 to sustain, he finally sold the script of Rocky for $25,000, bought his dog back for $15,000 

"Anti Powerpoint Party", a political party in Switzerland, works for the reduction in the use of Powerpoint in professional presentations 

iLoo was a Microsoft project to develop portable toilet with WiFi Internet, plasma screen, wireless keyboard and speaker system 

Your can burn an extra 161 calories if you stay up all night and don’t go to sleep, If people believe in themselves, it's amazing what they can accomplish." - Sam Walton 

"Give every day the chance to become the most beautiful day in your life." - Mark Twain 

That which does not kill us makes us stronger." - Friedrich Nietzsche 

Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain – and most fools do." - Dale Carnegie, The billionaire who coined 'the costumer is always right' owned the first store that accepted 

One of the UK's biggest grocery stores have equipped grocery carts with iPad docks 

A female dude is a dudine, not a dudette 

The poorest americans spend 9% of their INCOME on Lottery Tickets, Our sun loses 4 million metric tons of MASS every second 

University of Utah researchers found that moms of twins tend to live longer than moms without twins 

A bad shot that turns out well is known as a 'Volkswagen' in golfing slang 

"The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it." - Richard Bach, The billionaire who coined 'the costumer is always right' owned the first store that accepted 

One of the UK's biggest grocery stores have equipped grocery carts with iPad docks 

A female dude is a dudine, not a dudette 

The poorest americans spend 9% of their INCOME on Lottery Tickets, Due to a global vanilla shortage, the price of ice cream is projected to increase by 10% 

A Dubai-based restaurant has designed a refrigerator magnet that lets customers order a pizza for delivery with the push of a button. 

There’s a 3D version of Tetris called WELLTRIS and it is much harder 

Sun Microsystems wasn't named after the Star. SUN is an acronym for Stanford University Network, Kissing for one minute burns 26 calories 

32% of Cosmo readers have lied about the number of people they've slept with 

In a number of cities in Texas, people on the sex offender registry have to keep their outdoor lights off on Halloween 

Pornstar Asia Carrera played piano at Carnegie Hall by age 14, taught English in Japan at 16, attended Rutgers University on a free ride, Harrison Ford used to work as a carpenter. He was working on a set when George Lucas asked him to read the lines for Han Solo 

PSY's Gangnam Style has become the first video in Internet history to hit 1 Billion views 

Taylor Lautner was a black belt by the age of 8 

The taste of semen after eating asparagus is said to be the foulest, Conan O'Brien was a writer and producer of The Simpon's from '91 to '93 

David Bowie's left eye is permanently dilated from getting punched in the eye as a kid 

Ashley Greene from Twilight practices marital arts 

Drew Barrymore was the youngest person to ever host SNL (7 years old), Taylor Swift grew up on a Christmas Tree farm 

Fergie is a former member of the kids' television series Kids Incorporated, and the girl group Wild Orchid 

2 Chainz was a standout basketball player and attended college at the University of Alabama State on an athletic scholarship 

Frank Ocean’s dog, Everest, was credited as “Executive Producer” on his latest album, Brad Pitt worked as a giant chicken mascot for a restaurant! 

When P!nk worked at McDonald's she was fired because she used to eat burgers while she was working 

Nicki Minaj attended La Guardia High School for the Arts 

One of P!nk's dogs was named after a swear word, because when she found this dog, he started humping her leg., Burt Reynolds was cast as Han Solo in Star Wars but dropped out before filming began 

June Foray, the voice of Rocky the flying squirrel, was also the voice of the Chatty Cathy doll 

Lincoln Logs were invented by John Lloyd Wright,the son of Frank Lloyd Wright. He got the idea from one of his father's building techniques 

Bulls player Derrick Rose goes by the nickname Pooh, Oak trees do not produce acorns until they are fifty years of age or older

Dart-boards are made out of horsehair

Virgina Woolf wrote all her books standing

Stalin was only five feet, four inches tall., India in Chess (Shataranja or AshtaPada) was invented in Indiavented the Number System. Zero was invented by Aryabhatta

The word "listen" contains the same letters as the word "silent".

The face of a penny can hold about thirty drops of water

A group of ravens is called a murder., Angel Falls in Venezuela is the worlds highest waterfall, The water of Falls drops 3,212 feet (979 meters).

FOUR has four letters; no other number has this property in English such that the number of letters in the name equals the number

The most destructive disease is malaria. More than 1.5 million people die from malaria every year

The Sumerians, who lived in the Middle East, invented the wheel in about 3450 BC, Ancient drinkers warded off the devil by clinking their cups.

The Earth travels at an orbital speed of 108,000 km (67,000 miles) an hour

When Albert Einstein died, his final words died with him. The nurse at his side didn't understand German

The acronym I.O.U. actually stands for 'Is Owed Unto', Puff Daddy/P Diddy throws away his trainers after wearing them for just one day.

The first group to be inducted into the Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame were The Coasters

Composer, Tchaikovsky was financed by a wealthy widow for 13 years, and at her request, they never met

The average American annually consumes 47.3 gallons of soda, 26.5 gallons of coffee, and 23.1 gallons of water, 'End-of-D-World' which was scheduled on 2012 Dec has been
postpond to 3012 due to technical problems!
Pls cooperate&continue with Life.
Inconvenience is regreted..
Good night

No one has been able to spend more than 45 minutes in the worlds quietest room. Source

Fat baby boys are more likely to have sex earlier in their lives. source

To win a gold disc, an album needs to sell 100,000 copies in Britain, and 500,000 in the United States, If you were to go on vacation for eleven days, you'd have less than one million seconds to enjoy it 

Licking your lips hurts more because digestive enzymes in your saliva irritate them, Girls who start dieting at a young age are more likely to engage in substance abuse later on in life. 

Bananas can reduce the swelling and irritation of mosquito bites and help with nicotine withdrawal 

Being close enough to kiss helps our noses assess compatibility. 

Stress can literally break your heart. "Broken heart syndrome" occurs when the bottom of the heart balloons into the shape of a pot, Astronauts often lose their sense of smell and taste while in space. 

The creator of “Hey Arnold!” (Craig Bartlett) is married to the creator of “The Simpson’s” sister 

As embryos, the first thing that develops is our anus 

People are more likely to return a lost wallet if they find a baby picture inside of it., Abraham Lincoln was the first cat owner to ever become president. 

Judge Judy actually makes more money than David Letterman 

Super Mario Bros. is the second best-selling video game of all time - First being Wii Sports 

One out of every 20 people have an extra rib., Tonight Mayans would be preparing for the new year celebrations, not the end of the World, if they would exist today. 

In Amsterdam, there are 220 cannabis coffee shops, where smoking marijuana is officially allowed 

In the early version of Batman comics, Batman actually used to carry a gun to shoot criminals 

It is already December 21, 2012 in Australia and nothing happened, Tillman the English Bulldog has the record for fastest 100M on skateboard by a dog: 19.678s 

75% of all the aluminum ever produced is STILL in use today 

Depressed and sad people tend to check Facebook notifications, Twitter replies and emails more frequently than happy individuals 

Lieserl Einstein was the name of the Einstein's daughter, of whom, after first year of her birth, no one knows what happened, We are BORN to smile: Those born blind smile even though they've never seen anyone to mimic it 

Each morning we are born again. What we do today is what matters most." - Buddha 

What do do with a mistake: recognize it, admit it, learn from it, forget it." - Dean Smith 

When you use &%#@$ instead of swear words, it's called a Grawlix!, Let's be naughty and save Santa the trip. Gary Allan 

What I don't like about office Christmas parties is looking for a job the next day. Phyllis Diller 

I once wanted to become an atheist, but I gave up - they have no holidays. Henny Youngman 

It costs MORE money to keep a prisoner in prison than to fund a student at Princeton, Santa is a mythic figure believed in by a large % of people. that most of the believers are under 8 , is a pity. Chris Van Allsburg 

Santa Claus has the right idea - visit people only once a year. Victor Borge 

That's the true spirit of Christmas; people being helped by people other than me. Jerry Seinfeld 

Nothing says holidays, like a cheese log. Ellen DeGeneres, A picture is worth a thousand words. Napoleon Bonaparte 

All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better. Ralph Waldo 

In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on. Robert Frost 

Christmas, children, is not a date. It is a state of mind. Mary Ellen Chase, An artist is somebody who produces things that people don't need to have. Andy Warhol 

You don't take a photograph, you make it. Ansel Adams 

Art is the only way to run away without leaving home. Twyla Tharp 

Ads are the cave art of the twentieth century. Marshall McLuhan, A pessimist is a person who has had to listen to too many optimists. Don Marquis 

A committee is a group that keeps minutes and loses hours. Milton Berle 

Everybody knows how to raise children, except the people who have them. P. J. O'Rourke, I buy expensive suits. They just look cheap on me. Warren Buffett 

The only time a woman really succeeds in changing a man is when he is a baby. Natalie Wood 

I am not afraid of death, I just don't want to be there when it happens. Woody Allen, Men who kiss their wives in the morning live five years longer than those who don't 

Dolphins nap with one eye open 

Geminis’ erogenous zones are the arms and hands. Feel free to kiss their palms and lick their fingers; you won't be sorry. 

Geminis are very willing and ready whenever and wherever you are! They are a handful, and it will take a lot to keep, A company in Taiwan makes dinnerware out of wheat, so you can eat your plate 

Jimmy Carter is the first U.S. President to have been born in a hospital 

9 out of 10 lightning strike victims survive! 

Thrity-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married, 7.6 million Christmas trees are sold each year 

Over 10,000 birds a year die from smashing into windows! 

Greyhounds have the best eyesight of any breed of dog 

New Jersey and Oregon are the only two states where it is illegal to pump your own gas, Each year 96 billion pounds of food is wasted in the U.S 

Kilts are not native to Scotland. They originated in France 

The Zip Code 12345 is assigned to General Electric in Schenectady, New York 

he WD in WD-40 stands for Water Displacer, Goodbye" came from "God bye" which came from "God be with you." 

Elvis Presley got a 'C' in his eighth grade music class 

Malaysians protect their babies from disease by bathing them in beer 

A chicken will lay bigger and stronger eggs if you change the lighting in such a way as to make them think a day is 28 hours long, Henry Wade never lost a case until Roe v. Wade. 

Because of an effort to curb the spread of sexually transmitted diseases, prostitution in Germany has been legal since the 1920s. 

1778/04/01 (Wed): Oliver Pollock - a New Orleans Businessman - creates the "$ 

The oldest patented company logo is the red triangle of Bass beers!, If two waves pass a given point simultaneously, they have no effect on each other's subsequent motion 

If a live sponge is broken into pieces, each piece turns into a new sponge like the original one 

Contrary to popular belief, women cause fewer road accidents than men do 

left-handed specialists in baseball frequently enjoy long careers because their pitching arms suffer less stress., Sonny and Cher were initially known as Caesar and Cleo. 

Chuck Berry holds a degree in cosmetology 

Jimi Hendrix was thrown out of high school for holding the hand of a white girl in class 

Strauss finished writing two of his published compositions before his tenth birthday, top 10 santa pet peeves 1 no time off for hannukah 

EMI stands for Electrical & Musical Instruments. 

More than 2,500 cover versions of The Beatles' "Yesterday" exist, making it the most recorded song in history 

Over 400 musicians applied for a part in The Monkees, including Stephen Stills, John Sebastian and Harry Nilsson, top 10 santa pet peeves 5 stores try to pay in colognes 

top 10 santa pet peeves 4. jan thru nov 

top 10 santa pet peeves 3 . When ever triplets show up they have to snap on a 3rd knee 

top 10 santa pet peeves 2 dumb people think they are kenny rogers, top 10 santa pet peeves 9 pretending to be jolly , gets old fast 

top 10 santa pet peeves 8 lap rash 

top 10 santa pet peeves 7, parents don't learn how to operate camera when in line 

top 10 santa pet peeves 6. restless beard syndrome, Lindsy lowen will host partys to help pay for bail 

largest pizza ever made , this week, 13,000 sq ft 

thanks to bain captal santa's workshop is moving to china 

top 10 santa pet peeves 10 know one ever asks what they want for x mas, Lindsy lowen will host partys to help pay for bail 

largest pizza ever made , this week, 13,000 sq ft 

thanks to bain captal santa's workshop is moving to china 

top 10 santa pet peeves 10 know one ever asks what they want for x mas, Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy. Benjamin Franklin 

As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it. Buddy Hackett 

Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company. Mark Twain 

feel sorry for people who don't drink. When they wake up in the morning, that's as good as they're going to feel all day. Frank Sinatra, The man who voiced Optimus Prime also did the voice for Eeyore and Nintendo's Mario. 

A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore. Yogi Berra 

Always end the name of your child with a vowel, so that when you yell the name will carry. Bill Cosby 

A two-year-old is kind of like having a blender, but you don't have a top for it. Jerry Seinfeld, People with ADD/ADHD tend to have a better sense of smell due to increased odor sensitivity 

Bugs Bunny was the second cartoon character to receive a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Mickey Mouse was the first 

Pistachios have been known to spontaneously combust when stored in large quantities 

In Ancient Ireland, subjects would routinely suck on their king's nipples to demonstrate their submission, More people are killed by hippos every year than sharks, bears and lions combined 

The average American will spend about $800.00 on Christmas presents. 

Mrs. Claus’ first name is actually Layla 

1 in 3 people say they would rather give up sex than give up their smartphone, Ryan Gosling was so impressed with the character of Rambo that once he was suspended from school for throwing knives on classmates. 

The Harry Potter books all take place in the 1990s. Harry Potter was born in 1980 

More Frisbees have been sold than footballs, baseballs and basketballs combined 

The whoopee cushion was invented by a 14-year-old Roman Emperor who was assassinated by the time he was 18, A study shows that, teenagers who listen to Lil Wayne's music has scored lowest in their 

Talking while you are chewing food is actually found to make your ears cleaner! 

53 years old Annie Hawkins-Turner holds the record of world's biggest natural boobs, her bra size is 102 ZZZ. 

The Muppet song “mahna mahna” was actually came from a Swedish softcore porn film, Their erogenous zones are the genitalia. Everyone is sensitive in this area, but Scorpios only need the slightest of touch to get them going. Sit back and enjoy this ride! 

Sex with a Libra is like a dream. It is enchanting and sensual and almost like being in a movie. They don't like trashy sex, so don't expect them to jump in that back seat of your car on a date -- won't happen.

Libras' erogenous zone is the small of their back. Gentle massage in that area will set the mood perfectly. A soft pinch or slap on the buttocks will have the same effect; but take it slow, not all Libras like the same thing. 

Virgo is the least sexual sign of the Zodiac. This doesn't mean they don't like sex, it just means they are more reserved and are not into one night stands. You need to take your time with a Virgo, but the time you put in will be worth the passion it produces, What day is it,?" asked Pooh. "It's today," squeaked Piglet. "My favorite day," said Pooh. :-) 

Remember, you can earn more money, but when time is spent it is gone forever." - Zig Ziglar 

I know this for sure, that doing good actually makes you better." - Oprah Winfrey 

Trust is like a mirror. Once broken, you never look at in the same way again.", Capricorn's erogenous zone is their legs. Tickle, kiss, or caress the back of their legs behind the knee, and they will be all over you.
Sagittarius

Sagittarians are adventurous and exciting; you may find yourself having sex out on a beach or a rooftop with them. They live for the moment, and one night stands are usually the extent of their relationships. They are capable of love and faithfulness, but it will take an exceptional person and deep love to accomplish this.

The Sag's erogenous zone is the inner thigh; light touches and kisses in this area will have them reeling in pleasure. 

Scorpios are the most sexual of all the Zodiac signs. They keep on going and going. They are intense and very physical, and it is an experience you won't soon forget, July Summer babies are thought to be more optimistic than those born in winter, who have a gloomier outlook. 

June Babies born this month have a higher risk of developing diabetes and multiple sclerosis 

People born in spring or early summer have an increased risk of suicide and are more likely to develop anorexia 

Never make the same mistake twice. There are so many new ones you could make, David Copperfield has entertained more people than any other entertainer

 Pakistan is the country that looks up the word sex the most on Google! 

The Google Maps satellite image of Fairfield College in New Zealand shows a pair of enormous penises burnt into its grass! 

Capricorn
Sex with a Capricorn is sensual and long. They have stamina and can keep pleasing for hours. They are not into crazy positions but what they do is exceptional. They love to be in love, so one night stands aren't going to happen often. Look for a relationship before the Capricorn opens up to you and lets you in., When staying in hotels 40% of woman use hotel iron, vs 60% of man

When staying in hotels 55% of woman use hotel hair dryers, 20% of woman bring there own

When staying in hotels 15% of man use hotel hair dryers, 5% of woman bring there own

Believe it or not, Room service dose not make money at most hotels, The man who voiced Optimus Prime also did the voice for Eeyore and Nintendo's Mario. 

The average housewife walks 10 miles a day around the house doing her chores

Norman greenbaum “spirt in in the sky” was born in malden mass and went to bu

When staying in hotels 40% of woman use the computers in on their beds , vs 20% of man, More people are killed by hippos every year than sharks, bears and lions combined 

The average American will spend about $800.00 on Christmas presents. 

Mrs. Claus’ first name is actually Layla 

1 in 3 people say they would rather give up sex than give up their smartphone, People with ADD/ADHD tend to have a better sense of smell due to increased odor sensitivity 

Bugs Bunny was the second cartoon character to receive a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Mickey Mouse was the first 

Pistachios have been known to spontaneously combust when stored in large quantities 

In Ancient Ireland, subjects would routinely suck on their king's nipples to demonstrate their submission, More people are killed by hippos every year than sharks, bears and lions combined 

The average American will spend about $800.00 on Christmas presents. 

Mrs. Claus’ first name is actually Layla 

1 in 3 people say they would rather give up sex than give up their smartphone, Ryan Gosling was so impressed with the character of Rambo that once he was suspended from school for throwing knives on classmates. 

The Harry Potter books all take place in the 1990s. Harry Potter was born in 1980 

More Frisbees have been sold than footballs, baseballs and basketballs combined 

The whoopee cushion was invented by a 14-year-old Roman Emperor who was assassinated by the time he was 18, A study shows that, teenagers who listen to Lil Wayne's music has scored lowest in their 

Talking while you are chewing food is actually found to make your ears cleaner! 

53 years old Annie Hawkins-Turner holds the record of world's biggest natural boobs, her bra size is 102 ZZZ. 

The Muppet song “mahna mahna” was actually came from a Swedish softcore porn film, What day is it,?" asked Pooh. "It's today," squeaked Piglet. "My favorite day," said Pooh. :-) 

Remember, you can earn more money, but when time is spent it is gone forever." - Zig Ziglar 

I know this for sure, that doing good actually makes you better." - Oprah Winfrey 

Trust is like a mirror. Once broken, you never look at in the same way again.", July Summer babies are thought to be more optimistic than those born in winter, who have a gloomier outlook. 

June Babies born this month have a higher risk of developing diabetes and multiple sclerosis 

People born in spring or early summer have an increased risk of suicide and are more likely to develop anorexia 

Never make the same mistake twice. There are so many new ones you could make.", An above average proportion of hairdressers are born during in August 

August The worst month to be born. Aug babies are more likely to struggle at school & score substantially lower in achievement tests. 

July CELEB BIRTHS:Richard Branson, Tom Cruise, Nelson Mandela. 

Train drivers and bricklayers are more likely to be born in July, sept CELEB BIRTHS: Charlie Sheen, Beyonce, Hugh Grant, Amy Winehouse. 

scientists at Germany’s Max Planck Institute for Demographic Research say people born in the fall live longer than those born in spring 

The highest achievers in school tend to be born in September. 

august CELEB BIRTHS:Barack Obama, Mother Teresa, Stephen Fry, Bill Clinton, Roger Federer., Those born in November are most likely to believe they get a raw deal. A 2005 study found that they grow up to be the most pessimistic 

17 serial killers were born in November, compared with an average of nine for other months, out of a total of more than 100 in the study. 

sept CELEB BIRTHS: Wayne Rooney, Simon Cowell, Margaret Thatcher, David Cameron, Zac Efron. 

October More likely to live the longest – outliving those born in March by an average of 215 days, Martin Luther, saw a beautiful tree X-mas Eve & decided to bring it home .decorating it he showed his children what heaven was like 

Winter babies are more likely to have bipolar disorder or have less educated mothers, according to a US study 

You have a lower risk of asthma if your birthday is in this month. An above average number of dentists are born in December 

Nov CELEB BIRTHS: Gordon Ramsay, Leonardo DiCaprio, P Diddy, Bjork, "The best way to escape from a problem is to solve it." - Alan Saporta 

There's hell in hello and there's good in goodbye. That's why you shouldn't be afraid of goodbye but be careful with the hello 

What really matters is what you do with what you have." - H. G. Wells 

He who limps is still walking." - Stanislaw J. Lec, Tell urself that mistakes R just a part of change. Begin talking to urself like ur own best friend rather than ur worst enemy." - Meg Selig 

"Persistent people begin their success where others end in failure." - Edward Eggleston 

"Life is like a ten speed bike. Most of us have gears we never use." - Charles Schultz 

"Go for it now. The future is promised to no one." - Wayne Dye, California actually has a larger population than all of Canada 

There are now more Subway restaurants worldwide than there are McDonalds. 

Hiccups are the contractions of muscles that scientists say used to be gills 

A woman from South Korea failed her driving test 771 times, Penguins go limp and play dead when attacked by seals to avoid being eaten 

Showing someone an illuminated light bulb can significantly improve their problem-solving ability 

In the Chinese culture, there’s a rabbit “god” who manages the love and sex between homosexuals named “men. Tu Er Shen. 

Ancient Japanese poets would engage in rap battle sessions to display their skill and wit, There is a book named "The Cuddle Sutra" which includes 50 different cuddling positions. 

The world will end in the year 2060 was predicted by Sir Isaac Newton. 

Playing video games can sharpen a person’s decision making abilities by 25% as well as improve focus and boost creativity 

The word “poecilonym” is actually the synonym to the word “synonym., "Daydreamer" by Adele is about her bisexual ex-boyfriend who dumped her for a guy 

In 2011, a man from Minnesota was arrested for converting a vibrator into explosive device and giving it to his ex-girlfriend as Xmas gift. 

Rihanna's music video "S&M" is restricted on Youtube and banned in 11 countries due to sexual lyrics and fetish-filled content 

Snoop Dogg loves to smoke marijuana with his son Corde Calvin Broadus and Corde once posted a photo of lighting up a bong for his dad., 'Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis', a lung disease caused by silica dust, is the longest word in Oxford English Dictionary 

Dutch twins Louise and Martine Fokkens hold the record for longest prostitution career, in 50 years they have slept with 355,000 men 

The odds of being killed by a plane crash 1 in 25 million are much lesser than the odds of being killed by falling out of bed 1 in 2 million 

McDonalds has an estimated daily income of 60 million dollars or $59,178,080.00 to be exac, Approximately 5 percent of 40-year-old men and between 15 to 25 percent of 65-year-old men experience erectile dysfunction. 

Foot fetishism has been defined as a pronounced sexual interest in the feet or footwear and is a mainly male interest. 

44% of women between ages 18 and 60 have used a sex toy. 

43% of Canadians would choose bacon over sex, Save a boyfriend for a rainy day - and another, in case it doesn't rain. Mae West 

A wide screen just makes a bad film twice as bad. Samuel Goldwyn 

The length of a film should be directly related to the endurance of the human bladder. Alfred Hitchcock 

Men who have been circumcised typically take a little longer to orgasm than those who haven’t, The Big Bang Theory was actually first theorized by a Catholic priest 

Maybe Christmas, the Grinch thought, doesn't come from a store. Dr. Seuss 

The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live. George Carlin 

Assumptions are the termites of relationships. Henry Winkler, Universal Music has a deal with Google that lets them take down ANY video they want on YouTube! 

There’s a fake town on Google Maps! 

Google maps uses anonymous cell phone data to give its live traffic feeds. 

The Devil’s Advocate is a real position within the Catholic Church, The 49ers have rushed 40 times for 314 yards in the 4th quarter of close games an ave of 7.9 yards per carry highest ever 

Smith is three sacks away from tying the league’s single-season sack record of 22.5 

RAVENS: Pernell McPhee - injured quad Ray Lewis - torn triceps Terrell Suggs - torn biceps Joe Flacco - intact unibrow 

FOOTBALL  FACT: Buffalo wing orders spike by 72% on football Sundays., There are enough restaurants in New York City for one person to eat out every night for 54 years and never visit the same place twice 

The “Google Effect” is a cognitive bias - You are more likely to forget information that can easily be found using a search engine 

According to Hostess, it takes about 45 seconds for a Twinkie to explode in a microwave 

The largest flying animal that’s ever lived was the Quetzalcoatlus - It had a wingspan of 52 ft and was as tall as a giraffe., Didaskaleinophobia is actually the fear of going to school. 

About 43% of all Americans over the age of 18 are single 

Kesha scored a 1500 on her SAT’s and has an IQ over 140, making her a near genius 

You are 13% more likely to die after getting a paycheck, The word “twat” actually originates from an old Norse word meaning “cut, slit or forest clearing. 

Willie Nelson once smoked weed on the roof of the White House 

The word “gorilla” comes from a Greek word “gorillai” meaning “a tribe of hairy women 

Barack Obama’s presidential clothing line made about $40 million dollars., Cameron Jibril Thomaz, better know as Wiz Khalifa smokes $10,000 worth of weed every month 

There is an average of 8 points drop in the IQ's of teen who smoke marijuana, before reaching the age of 40. 

50 Cent has vowed to feed 1 billion hungry Africans over the next 5 years. 

If the Universe reaches its Critical Velocity and begins to contract, then time will actually reverse., Before coffee gained popularity, beer was the most famous breakfast beverage served in most urban areas of the United States 

In TV commercials, the icecream you see is actually mashed potatoes and the milk is white glue 

"Hong Kong" is the only known place name which can be said without moving your tongue and lips 

Female breasts give different milk for boys and girls -- Boys drink breastmilk with 2.8 percent fat compared with 0.6 percent for girls., Japan has a network of roads that play music as you drive over them at the correct speed 

Horses race clockwise in England and counter-clockwise in the United States. 

Forks were used in China before the invention of chopsticks. 

When you blame others, you give up your power to change." - Douglas Adams, "If it doesn't challenge you, it doesn't change you." - Fred DeVito 

"Don't be a victim when you could be killin' the game." - Lupe Fiasco 

Your Surgeon may use an Obsidian Instead of a Scalpel for your Next Surgery! 

German fathers celebrate Father’s Day by pulling wagons full of booze through the streets, Cinnamon Chocolate Cupcake

$0.99 today while supplies last

Vanilla Cake Filled With Dark Chocolate Ganache Dipped With Cinnamon Butter Cream, George Washington predicted the USA would only last for 20 years. 

People tend to view others who are openly embarrassed as nicer people 

Before Twitter was named “Twitter”, it’s working titles were “Status” and “Twitch. 

Anuptaphobia is the fear of being single forever!, Cinnamon Chocolate Cupcake

$0.99 today while supplies last

Vanilla Cake Filled With Dark Chocolate Ganache Dipped With Cinnamon Butter Cream, George Washington predicted the USA would only last for 20 years. 

People tend to view others who are openly embarrassed as nicer people 

Before Twitter was named “Twitter”, it’s working titles were “Status” and “Twitch. 

Anuptaphobia is the fear of being single forever!, About 3.5 million texts are sent every minute in America. 

The average couple does not say ‘I love you” until about 2 months into the relationship 

“Lights” by Ellie Goulding was inspired by her fear of the dark as a child. 

During Medieval times, red hair was associated with intense sexual desire and moral degradation., Statistically speaking, you are more likely to be killed by a champagne cork than by a poisonous spider. 

The Japanese word for male masturbation is “senzuri” which translates to “a thousand rubs. 

The Japanese word for female masturbation is “shiko shiko manzuri” which translates to “ten thousands rubs. 

If every American recycled one-tenth of their newspapers, we could save about 25,000,000 trees a year, Coca Cola can reduce a man’s sperm count by up to 30% 

Most people do not smile until about 11:16 on Monday morning 

Studies show that 50% of employees are late to work on Monday and spend about 12 minutes complaining. 

You are 20% more likely to have a heart attack on Monday than any other day of the week, Summer babies are thought to be more optimistic than those born in winter, who have a gloomier outlook

An Israeli study of 300,000 military applicants found that June and July babies have a higher risk of suffering from near-sightedness.

Train drivers and bricklayers are more likely to be born in July.

July CELEB BIRTHS:Richard Branson, Tom Cruise, Nelson Mandela, June Babies  have a higher risk of developing diabetes and multiple sclerosis.

There is a slight peak in the number of chief executives whose birthday is in June. And five of the past 22 Nobel Peace Prize winners were born this month.

June CELEB BIRTHS: Cheryl Cole, Prince William, Angelina Jolie, Alan Carr, Born in May you have The lowest chance of captaining England at sport. David Beckham is a rare exception.

People born in spring or early summer have an increased risk of suicide and are more likely to develop anorexia – but the risk of most diseases is slightly lower.

May CELEB BIRTHS: Andy Murray, Kylie Minogue, David Beckham, Born in May you have The lowest chance of captaining England at sport. David Beckham is a rare exception.

People born in spring or early summer have an increased risk of suicide and are more likely to develop anorexia – but the risk of most diseases is slightly lower.

May CELEB BIRTHS: Andy Murray, Kylie Minogue, David Beckham, A study has found that those born between April and July typically live an average of 101 days below their life expectancy.

April babies are more likely to develop an eating disorder, become an alcoholic or suffer from Parkinson’s.

April  BIRTHS: Victoria Beckham, Emma Watson.
DICTATOR BIRTHS: Adolf Hitler, Saddam Hussein., Spring babies are thought to be at greater risk of asthma than those born at other times of the year.

March is a peak birth time for creative people including musicians.

There is a spike in births in March and an above-average number of pilots are born in this month.

March  BIRTHS include : Lady GaGa, Justin Bieber, Bruce Willis, February births have a High number of artists, as well as traffic wardens.

February births are Prone to the sleep disorder narcolepsy.

Winter babies have a slightly higher risk of schizophrenia and food allergies.

February births include: Artist Pierre-Auguste Renoir, Bob Marley, and Jennifer Aniston, Free Pizza

 if you FB the correct score of any NFL Game , B 4 game starts, " Pats x, 49 ers Y, Give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza." 1 guess per customer , per game, kids born in August are also more likely to be bullied or be unhappy at school, research by the Institute For Fiscal Studies has discovered.

the school term starting in September is to blame because August-born kids are in the same year as those born in September – but they are almost 12 months younger.

A high proportion of GPs and debt collectors are born in January.

In January Teen mums are more likely to give birth than any other month, according to US statistics, Chimps are given human birth control pills in zoos. 

Jewish students would often study their faith in secret. When they were caught reading the Tora, they would often pretend to spin tops

During this time, around 168 B.C., the tenacious Judah Maccabee and his followers decided to take shelter in the temple at Jerusalem. they only had a one-day supply of oil to keep warm with the temple's menorah, but with a divine intervention, the small amount lasted eight days

People born in august are  20 per cent less likely to go to a leading university compared with friends born in September, In America, the average person reaches their lowest point of happiness at the age of 45. 

You do not need a driver’s license to be a NASCAR driver. 

Due to the warming of the oceans and higher temperatures, crabs are in Antarctic waters for the first time in 30 million year 

Ryan Gosling was asked to audition to become a member of the Backstreet Boys, but chose to pursue acting instead, Free Pizza

 if you FB the correct score of any NFL Game , B 4 game starts, " Pats x, 49 ers Y, Give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza." 1 guess per customer , per game, On average, undergraduate students who major in economics have more sex partners than those studying any other subject. 

Watching horror movies actually burns more calories than any other genre 

The average male brain is about 10% bigger than the average female’s. 

Not one single engineer made it off of the Titanic - They stayed and kept the power on so other passengers could escape., Girls learn to talk and read quicker than boys and use more complex vocabulary 

Grrrl, Muggle, Sexting, Unfriend and Woot have all been added to the Oxford Dictionary 

August has the most birthdays, February has the least and most of the serial killers are born in November! 

Donald Trump has filed for bankruptcy four times, The amount of gold ever mined from around the world is 165,000 metric tons and all of it could fit into 3.42 Olympic-sized swimming pools. 

Hitler, in WW1 trimmed his handlebar moustache into his famous tooth brush style because his previous style didn't fit into the gas mask. 

Almost 9 out of 10 people in America eat pizza at least once a month, about 350 slices per second and 100 acres of pizza a da 

Most of the famous brands of sunglasses including Ray-Ban, Oakley and Versace are actually made by one Italian company Luxottica, In the movie, Harry Potter and the Sorcerers' Stone, "Ook", the owl that played the role of Hedwig, was the first actor cast to be selected 

Michael Jackson desperately wanted to release the musical version of Harry Potter but J.K. Rowling turned down his offer. 

The character of Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore in the movie “50 First Dates” is based on a true story. 

Martha Stewart once dated Anthony Hopkins, but ended it because she was failed to get him out of her mind as Hannibal, The average male loses his virginity at age 16.9; females average slightly older, at 17.4 

Pablo Escobar, a Colombian drug lord was so rich that he would spend around $2500 a month just to buy rubber bands to hold his wads of cash 

In Senegal, Khar Bii is an American Idol-style TV show which competes male sheep against one another 

There exists a chemical compound called "Fucitol", abbreviated as Fuc-K, According to a survey of adults aged 20 to 59, women have an average of 4 sex partners during their lifetime; men have an average of 7 

While 75 percent of men always reach orgasm during sex, only 29 percent of women report the same 

Most women are unable to climax through vaginal intercourse, instead needing clitoral stimulation. 

About 1 out of 10 married adults say that they typically sleep alone, The tip of an elephant's trunk is so sensitive and flexible it can pick up a pin 

An elephant can smell water 3 miles away 

Armadillos and humans are the only animals that can get leprosy 

Mosquitos are attracted to the color blue twice as much as to any other color, Tagliabue clears Jonathan Vilma'a suspension, citing "Who didn't want to hurt Brett Favre? 

Yankees change name to the New York 2004 Red Sox 

Indianapolis girls high school basketball team doing their best impression of the Washington Wizards: 

Doctors advise Cardinals go ahead and place rest of team on injured reserve, expect recovery from humiliation to take months., Browns petition Roger Goodell to expand playoffs to 28 teams. 

60% of NFL players suffer at least one concussion during their career 

You can tell a turtle's gender by the sound it makes. Males grunt and females hiss 

No other animal has a longer pregnancy term than that of the elephant which is documented at an average of 22 months, Lucille Ball was thrown out of the NY Robert Minton-John Murray Anderson School of Drama at 15 yrs old because she was "too quiet 

The first time Madonna appeared on The Late Show with David Letterman, her foul language had to be bleeped out 12 times 

Tom Brady had 4TDs monday....or what Mark Sanchez calls a season 

Roger Goodell fines Paul Tagliabue $75,000 for illegal hit to his ego., Kobe Bryant attributes losing record to injuries, teammates, coaches, global warming, magnets, gremlins, Big Tobacco 

Jets claim Braylon Edwards off waivers despite remarks, say "idiots" one of the nicer things they've been called lately 

South Boston neighborhood waives all fees on public burn permits provided kindling is Youkilis memorabilia 

Lakers regret adopting both the Princeton Offense and the Michael-Strahan-teeth Defense., Lucille Ball was thrown out of the NY Robert Minton-John Murray Anderson School of Drama at 15 yrs old because she was "too quiet 

The first time Madonna appeared on The Late Show with David Letterman, her foul language had to be bleeped out 12 times 

Tom Brady had 4TDs monday....or what Mark Sanchez calls a season 

Roger Goodell fines Paul Tagliabue $75,000 for illegal hit to his ego., Jiu jitsu is the Japanese samurai's unarmed system of fighting 

Catgut, used in the making of tennis racket strings, is made out of the intestines of various animals (but not cats!) 

125,000 golf balls a year are hit into the water at the famous 17th hole of the Stadium Course at Sawgrass 

The longest drive ever is 515 yards. The longest putt ever is a monstrous 375 feet, Will Clark, professional baseball player, is a direct descendant of William Clark of Lewis and Clark 

The silhouette on the Major League Baseball logo is Harmon Killebrew. 

The tennis term love is derived from l`oeuf, the French word for egg, symbolizing zero 

The last NFL player to start at both offense and defense was Deion Sanders in 1996, The World Population is expected to reach 9 billion by the year 2050. 

The more attractive a woman is, the more impaired the brains of surrounding males become 

President Howard Taft began a sports tradition by throwing out the first baseball of the season 

Since 1896, the beginning of the modern Olympics, only Greece and Australia have participated in every Games., Male octopi die after ejaculating, while female octopi die after giving birth 

Researchers have found that stem cells can be engineered to kill HIV. 

Educated women tend to drink more and are more likely to have drinking problems 

Dartmouth college serves green eggs and ham to 90% of incoming freshman in honor of Dr. Seuss., Mosquitoes prefer biting people who are drunk. 

George Washington had taphephobia and was afraid of being buried alive 

Humans are the only mammals that can’t swallow and breathe at the same time 

People who walk through a doorway during the middle of a task are 3 times as likely to forget what they were doing., The movie “Blazing Saddles” was actually the first major studio film to have a fart joke 

Canada consumes more macaroni and cheese than any other nation in the world. 

Mariah Carey’s “All I Want For Christmas Is You” from 1994, returns to the iTunes top charts every year during the holiday season 

Rogue brewers and Voodoo Doughnut manufactured a beer that tastes like bacon and maple syrup, Music effects the mood and behaviour of people and that is why retail shops play slow music as it makes buyers spend more time and mone 

Breastfeeding burns an average of 500 calories a day. 

The Beatles had to stop touring because their music couldn’t be amplified loud enough to play over the screaming fans. 

Conan O’Brien was once stalked by a Catholic Priest who followed him and his family after he was denied a spot in the Late Night audience, In early 1900s, suicides were so common in china that people were afraid to walk near skyscrapers for fear that suicides might land on them. 

Seinfeld', even after being off air since the year 1998, has earned more than $2.7 billion 

Swaffelen (or zwaffelen) is a Dutch term meaning the act of repeatedly smacking one's penis against a person's cheek 

In Senegal, Khar Bii is an American Idol-style TV show which competes male sheep against one another, There are knockoffs of Paris and London in China, including a replica o 

A vending machine in Burbank California sells CAVIAR 

In 2005 in Turkey, a sheep committed suicide by jumping off a cliff and 1500 sheep followed the first one 

There is a concept of "Romantic Sleepovers" in Dutch parents - Teens lose their virginity in their own bedrooms with their parents approval, the first film projector was REALLY noisy. theater owners turned to music/sound tracts to drown out the noise of the projector. 

You can't let one bad moment spoil a bunch of good ones." - Dale Earnhard 

"Never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option. 

The chief translator for the European Parliament, Ioannis Ikonomou, fluently speaks 32 languages, Google Calculator:Type in "Once in a Blue Moon" for a clue as to how long this really is. 

Google Calculator Type in "Baker's Dozen" for this specific number 

Google Calculator.Type in "The Loneliest Number" and see what the calculator displays 

type in the tracking number UPS, USPS or another postal service website into Google . Your tracking results will instantly load a, Go to Google Doodles page, view the full archive of Google logo creations. click on the interactive ones and play around with them. 

Google? Simply type "define:" (without the quotation marks) and the word you need the definition for to quickly find the meaning. 

click the "I'm Feeling Lucky" google button after a search, for the best results.and be treated to a random search 

Google Calculator:Try using letters instead of numbers to see what kind of crazy calculations Google comes up with!, Mc Ebi Filet-O (ebi means shrimp in Japanese) and it's made up of a bunch of small shrimps compacted together in a patty and breaded 

red gets us “in the mood” for more than just eggnog —it also increases how attractive and sexually desirable we find other people. 

Type in your flight number into Google for the latest travel information. This includes the departure time and any delays. 

Google Holiday Searches: Kwanzaa: Adds holiday symbols . Hanukkah: Adds Star of David graphics Let It Snow: Digital snow falls, Taco Bell's Chocodilla (Spain) a toasted tortilla full of chocolate fudge 

Taco Bell's Potato and Peneer Burrito,W 31% of India's consumers vegetarian-chunks of potato, fried Indian cheese (peneer)+ (rice, salsa). 

Domino's L'Audacieux sandwich (France) smashes together bacon, blue cheese, onions, creme fraiche, and gouda on a roll. 

Dunkin' Donuts' Dry Pork and Seaweed Donut (China), At least 50 percent of sexually active men and women will have a genital HPV infection at some point in their lives. 

Two-thirds of college students have been in a "friends with benefits" relationship 

McDonald's Bacon Roll (UK)bacon and ketchup smashed together on a hard roll. 

Burger King's Spam and Egg Sandwich (Japan), Genghis Khan is known to have had children with thousands of women. It is believed he has approximately 16 million Asian descendants 

The butterfly technique is a fellatio technique involving the woman flicking her tongue along the underside of the penis 

Sexual problems occur in 43 percent of American women 

About 22 percent of women experience low sexual desire (compared to 5 percent of men), President Lyndon B. Johnson nicknamed his penis "Jumbo" 

Rasputin's penis was so large it was cut off and preserved. It can be seen at the Erotica Museum in St. Petersburg Russia 

King Charles II wore wigs made out of his mistresses pubic hairs 

The most arousing scent to men is pumpkin pie, increasing penile blood flow by an average of 40%., In 1997, Gates and Microsoft invested $150 million in Apple 

The number of US college students studying Latin is three times the number studying Arabic 

If you hook Jell-O up to an EEG, it registers movements almost identical to a human adult's brain waves. 

On average, 40% of all hotel rooms in the United States remain empty every night, Luke and Owen Wilson were originally meant to play the Malloy Brothers in Ocean's 11 but dropped out to film The Royal Tenenbaums 

Selena Gomez wears a purity ring that says “True Love Waits 

The first Playboy centerfold was in March 1956 and featured Playmate Marian Stafford 

During World War II, condoms were used to cover rifle barrels from being damaged by salt water as the soldiers swam to shore, Jerry Seinfeld played the governor's speechwriter on the TV show "Benson" but was fired after 3 episodes 

Lincoln Logs were invented by John Lloyd Wright, the son of Frank Lloyd Wright. He got the idea from one of his father's building techniques 

Bulls player Derrick Rose goes by the nickname Pooh 

Katherine Hiegl has played a character with the name Isabel 3 seperate times, After listening to ‘Baby’ some celebs like Daniel Radcliffe thought Justin Bieber was a girl 

Burt Reynolds was cast as Han Solo in Star Wars but dropped out before filming began 

The signature line drawing of Alfred Hitchcock's profile was drawn by Alfred Hitchcock 

B/c of Davy Jones' popularity as one of The Monkees, another British singer named David Jones was forced to change his name to David Bowie, Brad Pitt worked as a giant chicken mascot for a restaurant! 

In 2000, Gisele Bundchen was dubbed the "Boobs from Brazil." That following year there were 36,000 boobs jobs done in brazil. 

The University of Massachusetts offered Richard Gere a gymnastics scholarship 

The sweaters worn on the show by Fred Rogers, aka Mr. Rogers from Mister Roger's neighborhood, were hand knit by his mother, "A tiny change today brings a dramatically different tomorrow." - Richard Bach 

"Mistakes are part of the dues one pays for a full life." - Sophia Loren 

"Anyone can do something when they WANT to do it. Really successful people do things when they don't want to do it. 

"Life can only be understood backwards, but it must be lived forwards." - Soren Kierkegaard, For most men, a strong faith is important. 

The higher the heel, the more attention you'll get. 

"Forgiveness is about realizing that anger and resentment don't serve you well." 

"It's never finished. There's always the next objective, the next goal." - Moya Lea, When a man hears his name in general conversation, he finds it endearing. Whisper sweet nothings into your man's ear, 

An exposed back, especially the small of the back, is attractive to many men 

Men find genuinely happy girls the sexiest. Reel him in with a smile. 

When it comes to attracting a man, confidence is key, Taureans lack variety .Their stamina will have you going all night. Kiss their necks, and they will melt in your hands 

Aries love to dominate being on top Play with their hair, blow in their ear and nibble on it. Aries men really like the nibbling 

! Pisces are very sexual, and sex can be quite spiritual to them. They love to seduce their mate and are very physical in bed 

The Aquarius man or woman is fun and exciting in bed. It's like a game to them and they want spontaneity and most often a quickie, Gene Autry was the only entertainer to have 5 stars on Hollywood's Walk of Fame; 1 for each category-Film, TV, recording, radio & theater 

Paul McCartney wrote The Beatles song "Martha My Dear" about his sheepdog 

The casting agents were so impressed with Chris Colfer's audition for Glee that they wrote the role of Kurt for him. 

Naya Rivera is 1/2 Puerto Rican, 1/4 African American & 1/4 German, Taureans lack variety .Their stamina will have you going all night. Kiss their necks, and they will melt in your hands 

Aries love to dominate being on top Play with their hair, blow in their ear and nibble on it. Aries men really like the nibbling 

! Pisces are very sexual, and sex can be quite spiritual to them. They love to seduce their mate and are very physical in bed 

The Aquarius man or woman is fun and exciting in bed. It's like a game to them and they want spontaneity and most often a quickie, it takes an average of 364 licks to get to the tootsie roll center of a Tootsie Pop. 

Babies will instinctively dance when they hear music, and smile more when they are on time with the beat 

The first ingredient listed on the back of a Goldfish snack box is “smiles. 

RT 41% of Companies with Poor Training Have Employees Leave in 12 Months, "Never give up on something you really want. It's difficult to wait, but more difficult to regret. 

"It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else." - Erma Bombec 

Lucille Ball was thrown out of the NY Robert Minton-John Murray Anderson School of Drama at 15 yrs old because she was "too quiet 

The first time Madonna appeared on The Late Show with David Letterman, her foul language had to be bleeped out 12 times, it takes an average of 364 licks to get to the tootsie roll center of a Tootsie Pop. 

Babies will instinctively dance when they hear music, and smile more when they are on time with the beat 

The first ingredient listed on the back of a Goldfish snack box is “smiles. 

RT 41% of Companies with Poor Training Have Employees Leave in 12 Months, Americans throw away about 40% of their food. 

$1 Trillion Dollars in $1,000 bills would be 67.9 miles high. 

Women who are stressed during pregnancy are more likely to give birth to short-tempered children 

There’s actually a word for the day after tomorrow -- Overmorrow, There is penis implant available for men with erectile dysfunction - The penis inflates when the man squeezes the scrotum 

The Vikings would give kittens to newlywed brides as an essential part of a new household. 

Michael Jackson’s music video for “Thriller” has been seen by more than 4 billion people since its release 

Bugs Bunny actually dressed in drag more than 40 times throughout his animated caree, More serial killers are born in November than any other month! 

Babies born in August are more likely to have a tough time in school. 

The actor who plays Stanley on “The Office” is an aspiring pop artist. His first single was titled “2 Be Simple 

The “ice cream” you see in ice cream ads is often mashed potatoes because they will not melt, Jim Carrey turned down a 10 million dollar offer to star in The Mask 2 

Walt Disney was once fired by a newspaper editor for “lack of creativity. 

Lindsay Lohan has been sentenced to 391 days in jail since 2007, but has only spent less than 2 weeks in actual jail. 

The top 4 used filters on Instagram are Normal, Early Bird, X-Pro II and Rise, The saying "I will be there in a jiffy" is actually inspired from an actual unit of time, a 'jiffy', which is 1/100th of a second 

About 40 million people in the United States have medical conditions that marijuana can help treat! 

One alcoholic drink a day can reduce your risk of type 2 diabetes by up to 30 percent. 

The TV show “Dexter” was the inspiration for two murderers who wanted to copy the character of Dexter Morgan, Elected in 1847, the president of the Mormon church, Brigham Young, had 55 wives 

10^128 is the total number of possible moves in a game of chess and this number is bigger than the number of atoms present in the universe. 

In 2007, German soccer team turned down the € 500 million offer from Nike and instead accepted their local brand Adidas for 6 times less 

The real name of the Hello Kitty is Kitty White, born in London in 1974. -- She is now 38 years old and her height is 5 apples, "Addicted to love" is a real condition beacuse the feeling of being madly in love and sniffing cocaine is felt in the same area of the brain 

In Colombia kidnapping is such a normal phenomena that a separate radio station is kept for messages send by parents to kidnapped kids 

In 1909, William James Sidis became the youngest person to get admission in Harvard at the age of 11 

Humuhumunukunukuapua’a is the name of the official state fish of Hawaii -- It means "fish that grunts like a pig", People who consume more pizza may actually be decreasing their risk of cancer. 

Research found that moderate drinkers were 23% less likely to develop dementia and Alzheimer 

Eating onions and garlic helps your hair grow 

Apple has enough cash to buy a space station, "Addicted to love" is a real condition beacuse the feeling of being madly in love and sniffing cocaine is felt in the same area of the brain 

In Colombia kidnapping is such a normal phenomena that a separate radio station is kept for messages send by parents to kidnapped kids 

In 1909, William James Sidis became the youngest person to get admission in Harvard at the age of 11 

Humuhumunukunukuapua’a is the name of the official state fish of Hawaii -- It means "fish that grunts like a pig", In 2400 BC, two Egyptian manicurists (Khnumhotep and Niankhkhnum) were considered to be the first gay couple recorded by historians 

The chances of you dying on your birthday are higher than they would be on any other day of the year! 

The movie with the highest body count is Lord of the Rings- Return of the King in which 836 characters were killed. 

In 2011, more devices using Apple's iOS (156 million) were sold compared to all the Macintosh based computers (122 million) ever sold, You might soon be able to take a PARTY TRAIN between California and Las Vegas! 

"Nurdle" is the name of the squiggly blob of toothpaste shown in many commercials 

Vodka can be used as bug repellent, hair conditioner and soothe jellyfish stings 

Throughout the history of Disney, Bugs Bunny and Mickey Mouse have only appeared once together in the movie “Who Framed Roger Rabbit, According to the rare Lion King novel series, Scar's real name is "Taka" - Which is Swahili for "dirt

If you have a deep genuine fear of the number 13, you may have Paraskevidekatriaphobia! 

The average parent spends 38.5 minutes per week in meaningful conversation with their children 

The cost of a tourist visa for China is $130 for Americans and $30 for the rest of the world, Lemons will repel spiders 

If you search "Who's the cutest" using Google's "I'm Feeling Lucky," it will say "YOU ARE 

Playboy produces a braille magazine for the blind. 

Steve from "Blue's Clues" has a net worth of $22 million., Approximately 1/3rd of Americans flush the toilet while they are still sitting on it 

In 1994, the average lifespan of an NFL player was 55 years. 

Those “big ass fans” you see in Ikea are actually made by a company called “Big Ass Fans 

You are more likely to vote for whatever is at the top of the list due to a psychological condition called "order effect, In Zimbabwe the level of inflation got so high that the government had to issue a $100,000,000,000,000 note , Thats 100 Trillion 

Angelina Jolie has collected knives ever since she was 12 and used to cut herself during sex to increase the pleasure of the experience. 

If you watch all the movies from the SAW movie franchise, it'd take you a total time of 666 minutes 

While 10% of the entire population is left-handed, 20% of twins are left-handed, South Koreans have released an iPhone app that gives lonesome cell phone owners regular messages from a digital girlfriend named Mina 

Psy's 'Gangnam Style' has made over $8.1 million and has reached more than 900 million views on youtube 

Passionate kissing reduces negative energy and decreases the amount of cortisol ‘stress’ hormon 

There is a Japanese folklore character, which is a giant foot that one night crashes into the roof of a house and asks the owner to wash it., A space suit costs over 11 million dollars. Yikes! 

There is no sound in space because there are no molecules to conduct it. If something explodes, there will just be silence 

if the Sun suddenly stopped producing energy? It would still take a whopping 50 million years for the effects to be felt on Earth. 

Neptune is the windiest planet. Winds travel up to 1300 MPH. That's blazing fast!, The 2012 prediction has pissed NASA to the extent that they has set up an entire web page debunking the phenomeno 

In the movie "The Hangover", Mike Tyson was high on cocaine while shooting and had trouble delivering his line 

The famous Cuban President, Fidel Castro is believed to have slept with 35,000 women in his 82 years of life 

A study suggests putting pictures of cute kittens and puppies in your office enhances productivity and also makes one more cautiou, The rights to Tetris were originally owned by The Soviet Union 

Erections in men can occur at random because penis has a mind of its own and it is controlled by nervous system. 

It took Frodo, from the Lord of the Rings, 17 years to get the ring to the time he starts his quest; not a few weeks as the movie portrays. 

"If I can do it, anybody can do it" is considered the most annoying statement from successful people, Taco Bell changed its logo to match the fictional one seen in Demolition Man 

Taco Bell has tried to enter the Mexican market twice, failing both times, even after branding their food "American" food. 

The sister ship of the Olympic and Titanic was originally intended to be named the 'Gigantic' 

The Japanese population is so old, more ADULT diapers are sold than baby diapers!, A spider's silk is stronger than steel 

When you walk down a steep hill, the pressure on your knees is equal to three times your body weight 

There is more real lemon juice in Lemon Pledge furniture polish than in Country Time Lemonade 

On average, a person will spend about five years eating during his or her lifetime, There is one slot machine in Las Vegas for every eight inhabitants. 

Prince William's nickname in college was "P-Willy 

Oak trees produce 2,200 acorns in a season, but each acorn only has a 1 in 10,000 chance of becoming an oak tree 

According to studies, 30% of women swallow, 15 percent of Americans secretly bite their toes. 

"Dreamt" is the only English word that ends in the letters "mt"! 

Contrary to popular belief, dogs do not only sweat by salivating. They also sweat through the poors on their feet 

Months that begin on a Sunday will always have a 'Friday the 13th'., Jean -Claude Van Damme learned to speak English by watching the cartoon 'The Flintstones 

The United States Postal Service handles over forty percent of the world's mail volume 

68 percent of a Hostess Twinkie is air! 

Eighty percent of Americans will be the victim of violent crime at least once in their lifetime, ESPN apologizes to James Harden's beard for how much time they spent covering Tebow. 

NHL horrified to find Santa's playoff beard in mail shortly after announcing games cancelled past Christmas 

. 
Research indicates that babies who suck on pacifiers are more prone to ear aches 

A quarter has 119 grooves on its edge, a dime has one less groove!, "Don't waste a minute not being happy. If one window closes, run to the next window - or break down a door." - Brooke Shield 

Chargers are playing like they have a new life. Hearing Norv will be fired does that kind of thing 

Cam Newton just made an incredible touchdown run. Good enough for Terry Bradshaw to make some reference to fried chicke 

Eagles eliminated from math., Spike from "A Land Before Time" was added to the group of characters as an appeal to the mentally handicapped 

"If you want to achieve some really big and interesting goals, you have to learn to fall in love with hard work." - Steve Pavlina 

"Once you say you're going to settle for second, that's what happens to you in life." - John F. Kennedy 

"Don't be afraid to take a big step when one is indicated. You can't cross a chasm in two small jumps, Johnny Depp has been a featured voice on three episodes of Spongebob Squarepants 

The word "fuck" can be used as an adverb, verb, adjective, command, and noun - Logically, it can be used almost anywhere in a sentence 

If you had 1 billion dollars and spent $1,000 a day, it would take you 2,749 years to spend it all. 

Elephants have been known to remain standing even after they die, Will Ferrell turned down a 29 million dollar offer to make an Elf sequel. 

The dwarf planet Pluto was discovered in 1930 - This Disney character “Pluto” was created in 1930 

The record for the world’s longest kiss is 50 hours and 25 minutes 

The world’s largest iTunes music collection belongs to man named Will Friedwald who has over 172,000 songs in his iTunes Library, There is a lake named "Chargoggagoggmanchauggagoggchaubunagungamaugg " in Massachusetts - It means You fish on your side, I fish on my side 

12% of arrests in america are dui, 28% arrest of nfl players are dui 

Lutheran churches in Germany, Iceland, and Scandinavia support masturbation as a positive expression of sexualit 

Black holes can be 10,000 to 18 billion times heavier than the sun, The character of Mickey Mouse turned 82 years old this November on the 18th 

8 Americans and 6 Japanese who were born in 1800s are still alive today. 

If you observe a clock before going to bed, you’re going to have a hard time falling asleep 

Ash Ketchum has managed to catch only 43 out of 649 Pokémon, contrary to its popular slogan "Gotta catch ‘em all”, In 1960, the first black American who won the Olympic gold medal in marathon ran the race barefooted because he couldn't afford the shoes 

Every 45 minutes, an innocent life is lost by a drunk driver in the United States. 

Most people who dream, often have the same dream over and over. 

The album cover of “Load” by Metallica was made from the blood and semen of the artist who designed it., In 1936, an Olympic tie resulted in both competitors getting HALF a bronze and HALF a silver medal! 

Shooting The Lord of the Rings trilogy PUMPED $200,000,000 in New Zealand's economy 

before 1939, Presidents declared Thanksgiving to be on the LAST Thursday of November, was moved so stores could sell more before x-mass 

The writer of Mary Had a Little Lamb CONVINCED Lincoln to make Thanksgiving a national holiday, 'Rubber Duckie,' by Ernie from Sesame Street, won a Grammy nomination and reached #16 on the charts in 1970. 

Kopi Luwak is the world's rarest gourmet coffee beverage 

Most turkeys pardoned by US presidents actually DIE within a year of them being pardoned! 

Art Competitions existed in the olympics . This lasted from 1912 to 1948, Novak Djokovic is buying the world's entire supply of donkey cheese"d he plans to use it in his soon-to-open chain of restaurants. 

Oscar the Grouch was originally orange. 

Detective Munch"bouzer" from Law & Order: SVU has appeared on 10 other TV shows, including The Wire and Sesame Street! 

In a 2004 episode, Cookie Monster revealed that back before he ate his first cookie, his name used to be “Sid”., Istanbul, Turkey is the only city in the world located on two continents
85% of all Valentine's Day cards are purchased by women!

Rapper LL Cool J's name is short for 'Ladies Lo
ve Cool James'

When withdrawing money from an ATM, the 'whirring' sound before your money pops out is actually a recording., Most banana-eating animals (except humans) eat the entire fruit, peel and all. The fact is, the peel is even more nutritious 

two church bells and placed a rod between them,hey took the clappers away,=dumbells 

 
Over one million stray dogs live in the New York City metropolitan area.

The average 1 1/4 lb. lobster is 7 to 9 years old., "They treat you like trash because the first time they disrespected you, you taught them it was okay. 

"Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone." - Pablo Picasso 

"If you have everything under control, you're not moving fast enough." - Mario Andretti 

Envy is an insult to oneself." - Yevgeny Yevtushenko, McDonald's delivers – in 18 countries 

Brandon Jacobs takes to Instagram to voice his displeasure for playing in San Francisco 

Pac Man knocked down in round 3 of Pac-NotMayweather4 

Tim Tebow active for Jets, as backup. Greg McElroy inactive. Paper bags active, Fireman hat inactive., The average IQ is 100, while 140 is the beginning of genius IQ 

J. Edgar Hoover liked to fire FBI agents whose palms were sweaty when shaking hands 

50 years ago Cheerios were called Cheerioats 

A domestic cat can sprint at about 31 miles per hour, McDonald's France now has bagel burgers 

McDonald's feeds 68 million people per day, that's about 1 percent of the world's population 

McDonald's hires around 1 million workers in the US every year assumes a 700,000 domestic workforce with 150% turnover rate 

McDonald's is the world's largest distributor of toys, with one included in 20% of all sales, Justin Timberlake's half-eaten french toast sold for over $3,000 on eBay! 

The World Trade Center towers used to have two zip codes, 10047-10048, one for each building 

If you shake a can of mixed nuts, the larger ones will rise to the top 

The average cough comes out of your mouth at 60 miles per hour, Kim Jong-il was only 5' 2'' tall. He wore four-inch lifts in his shoes to compensate for his short stature 

Racehorses can wear out new horse shoes in one race 

In Tokyo, they sell toupees for dogs! 

The first breakfast cereal ever produced was Shredded Wheat., Every U.S. president with a beard has been a Republican 

The average single man is one inch shorter than the average married man 

The household wrench was invented by boxing heavyweight champion Jack Johnson in 1922 

The weight of a carat (200 milligrams), standard unit of measurement for gemstones, is based on the weight of the carob seed., People who regularly help others are significantly happier and less likely to become depressed as they get older 

According to a survey conducted in "The Art of Kissing", 96% of women enjoy having their neck kissed the most 

The antioxidants found in bread crust can help combat and prevent cancer 

The typical spec of dust that you see floating in the air is half way in size between the Earth and a subatomic particle Shemp, 90 percent of women who walk into a department store immediately turn to the right 

Tablecloths were originally meant to be served as towels with which dinner guests could wipe their hands and faces after eating 

The Kama Sutra contains 10 types of kisses, 64 caresses, 8 versions of oral sex, and 84 sex positions 

The city of Houston, Texas is built on a swamp and is slowly sinking!, Of the six men who made up the Three Stooges, three of them were real brothers (Moe, Curly, and shemp 

In the movie 'The Wizard Of Oz', Toto the dog's salary was $125 a week, while Judy Garland was $500 a week 

30% of Chinese adults live with their parents 

When pitched, the average Major League baseball rotates 15 times before being hit, People who regularly help others are significantly happier and less likely to become depressed as they get older 

According to a survey conducted in "The Art of Kissing", 96% of women enjoy having their neck kissed the most 

The antioxidants found in bread crust can help combat and prevent cance 

The typical spec of dust that you see floating in the air is half way in size between the Earth and a subatomic particle Shemp, “Cupidtino” is a dating site only for Apple fans and you are not allowed to make an account using a Windows computer 

In the year 2000, there were 4 reality TV shows on air - By 2010, there were over 320. 

Polar bears can eat as many as 86 penguins in one sitting. 

Spazzstick is a brand of chapstick that's made with caffeine to keep you alert, Oxford English Dictionary has officially included the words "Trolled", "Lolz" and "Mwahahaha 

In 1903, England, there was a man who got trapped for 3 days under his 224 lbs wife, after she fell on top of him from the stairs and died. 

If a married man is having sex with a woman other than his wife, his chances of dying during intercourse increased by four times! 

A letter was discovered in which the FBI urged Martin Luther King to commit suicide, Most banana-eating animals (except humans) eat the entire fruit, peel and all. The fact is, the peel is even more nutritious 

two church bells and placed a rod between them,hey took the clappers away,=dumbells 

Top Gun was so effective for Navy, they RECRUITED just outside theaters 

Beautiful Bikini-Wearing Women will Feed your Parking Meter in Australia, Do you know The most depressed country in the world? Yes it is FRANCE ! 

According to ancient Egyptians, the earth was formed when the creation god "Atum" masturbated 

When Jay-Z was 12 year old, he shot his elder brother Eric, just because he stole his jewellery 

When you cry, some of the tears flood into the nasal canal which is why you experience a runny nose when crying, The spring thaw finally allows cemeteries in Alaska to start digging graves for those who died during the winter 

Iceland consumes more Coca-Cola per capita than any other nation 

Screw you, Bettman... We will create our own NHL using blackjack and hookers, The Pippin a game consul from 1990, which Apple produced with the help of toy company Bandai failued badly 

Products made by Apple don’t have a direct off switch because Steve Jobs was afraid of 

The Apple I was hand built by Wozniak himself with no outside assistance and in 1975 the Company sold 200 units for $666.66 a piece 

Old Apple laptops used to have the logo upside down. It wasn't an oversight but a user-friendliness decision., In Monopoly, the character locked behind the bars is called Jake the Jailbird. Officer Edgar Mallory sent him to jail 

More than 25% of the world's forests are in Siberia 

Quebec City, Canada, has about as much street crime as Disney World 

The largest McDonald's is in Beijing, China - measuring 28,000 square feet. It has twenty nine cash registers, One million Americans, about 3,000 each day, take up smoking each year. Most of them are children 

You can actually sharpen the blades on a pencil sharpener by wrapping your pencils in aluminum foil before inserting them 

The word 'News' is actually an acronym standing for the 4 cardinal compass points - North, East, West, and South! 

Henry Ford, father of the Automobile, is also father of the charcoal briquette, The P.S. at the end of a letter stands for Post Script 

Jennifer Aniston's original name is Jennifer Anastassakis! 

Take your height and divide by eight. That's how tall your head is! 

The city of Las Vegas has the most hotel rooms in the world, Free Pizza & Get Ready for Monday Night Football

Tweet or FB the correct score of tonights game, before the game starts. " Houston  x Pats Y, give me a free Big Daddy Pizza" 

One guess, per customer , per game, The largest earthworm on record was found in South Africa and measured 22 feet 

Men are twice as likely to be binge drinkers than women 

It takes a drop of ocean water more than 1,000 years to circulate around the world 

Goldfish lose their color if they are kept in dim light or are placed in a body of running water, such as a stream., Certain frogs can be frozen solid, then thawed, and survive 

More people have a phobia of frogs than rats 

U-Haul is the world's largest advertiser in the Yellow Pages 

Drew Carey once worked at a Denny's, The average male will ejaculate 7,200 times in his lifetime , bout 1 of 3 days 

The world's oldest dog on record lived to be 29 years old 

Diamonds mined in Brazil are harder than those found in Africa. 

U.S. President Calvin Coolidge liked to eat breakfast while having his head rubbed with vaseline, Touching or feeling money can help you overcome negative physical and emotional 

In Germany, denying the reality of the holocaust is a criminal offense and can get you 5 years in prison 

"The Shawshank Redemption" which is rated as number 1 on IMDB, was actually a box office flop 

In 2011, it cost 2.41 cents to produce a penny and 11.18 cents to produce a nickel, Touching or feeling money can help you overcome negative physical and emotional 

In Germany, denying the reality of the holocaust is a criminal offense and can get you 5 years in prison 

"The Shawshank Redemption" which is rated as number 1 on IMDB, was actually a box office flop 

In 2011, it cost 2.41 cents to produce a penny and 11.18 cents to produce a nickel, Photic Sneeze Reflex or "Sun Sneezing" is a condition affecting a quarter of the population and makes them sneeze after looking into light 

Ancient Egyptians believed that their god, Atum, created the universe by masturbating, so Pharaohs masturbated ceremonially into the Nile 

Male sperm has an alkaline covering to protect it from the acidity of a woman’s vagina. 

They sell protective cases for your condoms because you shouldn’t carry them in your pocket!, Every British soldier used to be required to grow a MUSTACHE! 

Only two people at KFC know the secret recipe of 11 herbs & spices and they are not allowed to travel together for security reasons 

Employee discounts at Whole Foods are based on how FIT you are! 

The man who took the famous photo of the Wright Brothers' first flight had never seen a camera before that day, Amusement park attendance goes up after a fatal accident. It seems many people want to ride upon the same ride that killed someone 

People with initials that spell out GOD or ACE are likely to live longer than people whose initials spell out words like APE, PIG, or RAT 

Jon Bon Jovi has a restaurant that has no prices; guests pay whatever they can in exchange for their mea 

Suicide rates among Native Americans (especially young men) is 70% higher than the suicide rate of the general US population., Abraham Lincoln's dog, Fido, was assassinated too. 

In comic strips, the person on the left always speaks first 

Dogs have two sets of teeth, just like humans. They first have 30 "puppy" teeth, then 42 adult teeth. 

Mailmen in Russia now carry revolvers after a recent decision by the government, Alexander Graham Bell (who invented the telephone) also set a world water-speed record of over seventy miles an hour at the age of 72. 

The dot that appears over the letter "i" is called a tittle 

All major league baseball umpires must wear black underwear while on the job (in case their pants split). 

If all Americans used one third less ice in their drinks the United States would become a net exporter instead of an importer of energy., Chances that a burglary in the United States will be solved: 1 in 7 

John Madden is an accomplished ballroom dancer 

In 21 states, Wal-Mart is the single largest employer. 

Illinois has the most personalized license plates of any state, 40% of all people who come to a party in your home snoop in your medicine cabinet 

3.9% of all women surveyed say they never wear underwear 

Percentage of men who say they are happier after their divorce or separation: 58 Percentage of women who say they are happier: 85 

85% of the men that die while having sex are cheating on their wives, "60 Minutes" on CBS is the only TV show to not have a theme song or music. 

In a recent survey, Americans revealed that banana was their favorite smell. 

23% of employees say they have had sex in the office 

There are more collect calls on Father's Day than any other day of the year, Mark Twain was born on a day in 1835 when Halley's Comet came into view. When he died in 1910, Halley's Comet was in view again 

The longest words in the English language with only one syllable are the nine-letter "screeched" and "strengths". 

A toothpick is the object most often choked on by Americans 

Only 14% of Americans say they've skinny dipped with the opposite sex, Pau Gasol will not play tonight against the Thunder, Pau's mom is the only one who needs to adjust her fantasy lineup. 

Johnny Manziel is staring his 3rd year of classes. He is just a freshman like Cromartie is just a dad 

One out of three employees who received a promotion use a coffee mug with the company logo on it 

If you know a (male) millionaire who happens to be married, The most likely profession of his wife is a teacher, An egg that is fresh will sink in water, but a stale one won't. 

If done perfectly, any Rubick's Cube combination can be solved in 17 turns. 

Don't worry, Norv Turner, Team Proactiv needs a player/coach 

Peyton Manning just completed his 5000th career commercial., the average cat can jump 5 times as high as its tail is long 

If you shake a can of mixed nuts, the larger nuts will rise to the top 

A group of geese on the ground is a gaggle, a group of geese in the air is a skein. 

The archer fish can spit water up to 7 feet to shoot down bugs from overhanging leaves, 59% of Americans believe in hell, while 74% believe in heaven 

The biggest star discovered is 265 times larger than our sun -- It's also 8.7 million times brighter and it's blue 

40% to 50% of all the world's edible foods are not eaten. 

We are most creative at night and least creative in the afternoon, Free Pizza & Get Ready for 4pm Football

Tweet or FB the correct score of Any NFL game, before the game starts. " Lions x Pac Y, give me a free Big Daddy Pizza" 

One guess, per customer , per game, Steve Irwin “The Crocodile Hunter” was terrified of parrots. 

Jellyfish and lobsters are considered biologically immortal - They don’t age and will never die unless they are killed 

The legal age of consent to have sex in Argentina is 12 

A new study in France suggests that people with tattoos drink more than those without, Steve Irwin “The Crocodile Hunter” was terrified of parrots. 

Jellyfish and lobsters are considered biologically immortal - They don’t age and will never die unless they are killed 

The legal age of consent to have sex in Argentina is 12 

A new study in France suggests that people with tattoos drink more than those without, search engine, all the search results will be reversed 

The average Canadian is richer than the average American. 

For every person on Earth, 62 Lego pieces have been created 

Napoleon Bonaparte’s penis was sold to researchers for $3,000, In the 1500s, French women could label their husbands impotent which the husbands then had to prove wrong by ejaculating in the courtroom 

There is an English language word, when you are "Hungry" and "Angry" that is HANGRY 

Sloths are so slow that they would take around 50 hours to finish their sexual intercourse 

American epic crime film The Godfather (1972) is the favourite movie of President Obama, There are more species of fish in the Amazon river than in the Atlantic Ocean 

"It's okay if you mess up. You should give yourself a break." - Billy Joel 

"Sometimes a door slammed in the face creates just the right gust of wind to turn you in the right direction." - Danielle Raquiza 

It would take 1,200,000 mosquitoes, each sucking once, to completely drain the average human of blood., Women's hearts beat faster than men's hearts. 

Theodore Roosevelt had a pet bear while in office. 

Penguins can jump 6 feet. 

With an average life expectancy of 81.2 years, the people of Okinawa, Japan live the longest., Women's hearts beat faster than men's hearts. 

Theodore Roosevelt had a pet bear while in office. 

Penguins can jump 6 feet. 

With an average life expectancy of 81.2 years, the people of Okinawa, Japan live the longest., Jack-O-Lanterns were originally made out of turnips 

Over half of the world's geysers are found in Yellowstone National Park. 

Pound cake got its name from the original recipe which called for a pound of butter 

A lemon contains more sugar than a strawberry, Time for NFL Football and Free Pizza

 

 FaceBook or Tweet the Correct score of any NFL football game tommorw and win a Free cheese Pizza

 

“ Pack X, Lions Y, Give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza,

 

One guess , per game, per customer. All guesses must be in before game starts, A dog's average body temperature is 101 degrees Fahrenheit

Before Thomas Jefferson took office people bowed to the president, rather than shaking his hand.

On average, a laptop uses half as much energy as a desktop computer.

Pizza Hut now has cheese pizza perfume, available in Canada, The Mayflower only held 102 People

Six-year-olds laugh an average of 300 times a day. Adults only laugh 15 to 100 times a day

The "Valley of Square Trees" in Panama is the only known place in the world where trees have rectangular trunks

The only lizard that has a voice is the Gecko, Hawaii has its own time zone

The only food that does not spoil is honey.

Taft was the heaviest U.S. President at 329lbs; Madison was the smallest at 100lbs

Manufacturing recycled goods uses up to 95% less energy than using raw materials., The average woman is 5 inches shorter than the average man.

The Lollipop was named after one of the most famous Racehorses in the early 1900s, Lolly Pop.

The average lead pencil can draw a line 35 miles long or write roughly 50,000 English word

Right handed people tend to chew food on the right side and lefties chew on the left., The first Google server was stored in a cabinet made of Legos. 

The FBI estimate that 100,000 children are sold for sex in our country - The average victim will be raped about 6,000 times 

Exposing a man’s genitals to sunlight can cause his testosterone level to rise by 200%. 

SEGA’s first slogan for the Genesis read “Genesis does what Nintendon’t!”, A brand named Shreddies produces underwear that filter the smell of flatulence. 

1 out of every 4 teenage girls have an STD. 

Wal-Mart was sued 4,851 times during the year 2000 - Approximately one lawsuit every 2 hours 

A pound of dimes has the same exact worth as a pound of quarters., The most common time for break ups is around 3-5 months into a relationship. 

The opposite of paranoia is "pronoia." This is the belief that a massive conspiracy exists to help you 

Fruit salad trees are real. They can grow up to 7 different fruits at the same time 

The anorexia rate in men has increased by 16% since last year, Men’s shirts have the buttons on the right, while women’s shirts have the buttons on the left. 

There exists a museum in Iceland that's dedicated entirely to Penises. 

The part of brain that is responsible for turning experiences into memories shuts down during blackout after heavy drinking 

A single McDonald's fruit smoothie contains just as much sugar as 4 Reese's Peanut Butter Cups, In 2008, the amount of paper recovered for recycling averaged 340 pounds for every person in the U.S 

Jackie Gleason almost SUED the creators of the Flintstones for being a ripoff of the Honeymooners! 

A second Spongebob MOVIE is coming in 2014! 

Galileo sold his INVENTIONS to pay for his illegitimate children, Only after 8 years of inventing a telephone, in 1884, the first prank call was made 


PSA: Help recycle aluminium cans and get a $5,000 scholarship. Details --> http://ow.ly/fQVx2  

. 

Lady Gaga's Fame fragrance is the 2nd fastest selling fragrance, it sold 6 million bottles in 1 week. 


70% of all female homicides are committed by their significant other, Tebow Time has now been reduced to a household phrase parents use to get their kids to sit in time out. 

Rex Ryan working on his own sadomasochistic erotic novel called 50 Shades of Starting Mark Sanchez. 

Mayans were right about NHL and Twinkies, still keeping our fingers crossed about the BCS 

Steelers give Charlie Batch Life Alert button for his birthday., Before Gangnam Style, PSY was in a Korean version of “American Pie” called “Wet Dreams 

Pigeons can actually remember humans by face - If you chase one away, it will avoid you during later encounters. 

A 1-day adult ticket to Disneyland was $12 in 1982. Today, it is $87 

New Orleans Pelicans' new uniforms to be a full body coating of BP oil, The fear of ugly people is called "Cacophobia." 

10% of people say they text during sex, while 15% say they would answer a phone call mid-sex 

The average male spends 43 minutes a day staring at 10 different women 

The fear of being alone is called “isolophobia.”, 25% of users say they have been dumped over Facebook at least once. 

Sleeping Beauty Syndrome is a rare sickness that causes people to sleep for up to 10 days at a time. 

Bats have been witnessed engaging in oral sex - Researchers say they may use this to help their partners last longer 

Studies have shown that playing video games will not desensitize a person to violence, nor do video games increase crime rate, A human’s natural sleep pattern is about 4 hours of sleep, then 2 hours of being awake, followed by another 4 hours of sleep. 

Chickens with white earlobes will lay white eggs, while chickens with red earlobes lay brown eggs. 

James Earl Jones only made $7,000 for doing the voice of Darth Vader. 

With 1.8 million fans on Facebook and his own book, Boo the Pomeranian is said to be the cutest dog in the world, The oldest known recipe ever discovered in the world was for beer, found on a four-thousand-year old Mesopotamian clay tablet! 

After they die, you can get loved ones cremated and packed into bullets by a company called 'Holy Smoke' specializing in just that! 

simon cowell has worked for WWE 'Power Rangers' and 'Teletubbies.' 

"Layogenic" is a Filipino word for someone who only looks good from a distance., Astronauts have a patch of Velcro inside their helmet so they can scratch their nose 

After writing an 80,000 word thesis on SMS messaging, a woman named Caroline Tagg received a PhD in text messaging! 

The fact that hot water freezes faster than cold water still remains a mystery for the scientists 

When a person does not care of whether there is actually a god or not, it is called Apatheism, Caramel And Chocolate Cupcakes

99 Cents Today, as long as supplies last

Vanilla Cake Filled With Chewy Caramel Topped With Vanilla Butter Cream And Dark Chocolate Ganache, 2/3 of all illiterate adults are female. 

In Finland, speeding tickets are determined by the driver’s annual income and a man once received a $200,000 fine. 
In the 1800s, feeding lobster to prisoners was considered “cruel and unusual punishment, 

The cookie monster has never actually touched a REAL cookie!, "Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy." - Isaac Newton 

"Being nice to the people you don't like isn't called two-faced, it's called growing up." 

"Your success in life will be in direct proportion to what you do after you do what you are expected to do." - Brian Tracy 

The more likely a man can grow a beard, the more likely he will eventually go bald, An alligator can go through 3,000 teeth in a lifetime 

Ferret comes from the Latin word for little thief 

Spiny lobsters migrate in groups of 50 or more, forming a conga line on the ocean floor. 

"Really great people make you feel that you, too, can become great." - Mark Twain, The average housefly lives for one month. 

Most Koala bears sleep about 22 hours a day. 

The most widely eaten fruit in America is the banana 

Clearwater, Florida has the highest rate of lightning strikes per capita in the US., Mrs. Lincoln only wore black after her husbands death 

The first president photographed for his inauguration was Lincoln. John Wilkes Booth is also in the picture. 

A full-grown tree produces enough oxygen to support a family of four. 

Shakespeare invented the word "assassination" and "bump.", Did you know that New Year’s Eve is the most popular fondue day of the year? Stock up and get ready to ring in... http://fb.me/1J8m15f3V  

Abraham Lincoln faces to the right on the penny, making him the only U.S. president on a coin that does that. 


Abraham Lincoln created the Secret Service the day before he died! 


John Wilkes Booth’s brother saved the life of Abraham Lincoln’s son, "Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind." - Dr. Seuss 

"Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire." - Arnold H. Glasow 

"The only one who can tell you 'you can't' is you. And you don't have to listen." - Nike, Flying fish can soar high enough that sailors often find them on the decks of their ships 

The 2.5 ton, 55 foot long giant squid has the largest eyes of any animal on earth with each being over a foot in diameter 

"How lucky I am to have known someone who was so hard to say goodbye to 

"We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same." - Carlos Castaneda, Embryonic sand tiger sharks fight each other inside the womb until only one shark is left 

Flying fish 'fly' at between 35 and 45 miles per hour 

The slowest moving fish is the sea horse 

On average, dogs have better eyesight than humans, although not as colorful, Sharks and rays are the only animals known to man that don't get cancer 

The porpoise is second to man as the most intelligent animal on the planet 

A group of hares is called a down 

Puck, a parrot owned by Camille Jordan of Petaluma, CA had a vocabulary of 1728 words when it died in 1994, Flying squirrels have been recorded gliding as far as 295 feet 

If you keep a goldfish in a dark room, it will become pale 

Dogs sleep an average of 18 out of 24 hours 

According to the Wall Street Journal, the cockfighting market is huge: The Philippines has five million roosters used for exactly that, The first episode of the Simpsons was a Christmas special! 

flipping through the channels, you would automatically know The Simpsons was on when they saw the yellow bodies flash by 

Lions sleep 17 hours per day. RT if you wish you were a lion today 

Cats sleep 16 to 18 hours per day., A-Rod to have 2nd hip surgery after realizing piece of bench not fully removed the first time. 

First 200 Air Jordan XX8's shipped come with one-of-a-kind markings from the tears of Asian children 

Justin Bieber's Baby music video holds the record for the most viewed video with more than 668 million views! 

In the simpson there are clips from a movie starring McBain,,if you put these clips together, you can actually form a full coherent story, Since merger #NewYorkJets have won fewest division titles: 2 

Andy Reid loses head coaching job with the Eagles and Cowboys in the same game 

Kobe tells Gasol to put his big boy pants on. Also told Metta World Peace to put pants back on 

Andy Reid, appearing disheveled, wearing sunglasses & drinking from a flask, announces he's starting Foles for rest of season, Breaking: Kate Middleton pregnant. Says she will now stop attending the royal balls 

2012 Heisman Trophy finalists announced: Manti Te'o, Johnny Manziel, Collin Klein. 

Ben. Brady. Peyton. They've been in every SB for AFC since 2003. Parity is a myth. 

# of division titles for every NFL team. @steelers the most w/ 20, Rachel McAdams and Ryan Gosling were born in the same hospital in London, Ontario 

The Chinese Government had to crack down on people hiring STRIPPERS for FUNERALS! 

The Jets will change their name to The Bad News Bears says NFL 

Study: 8 out of 10 husbands will go to bed extremely disappointed this evening, Reese Witherspoon majored in English Literature at Stanford University but never graduated 

Rachel Bilson and Kirsten Dunst attended the same high school 

Reese' is Reese Witherspoon's mother's maiden name 

Eva Longoria admitted in Cosmo that she enjoys being tied up with silk scarves in the bedroom, A-Rod to have 2nd hip surgery after realizing piece of bench not fully removed the first time. 

First 200 Air Jordan XX8's shipped come with one-of-a-kind markings from the tears of Asian children 

Justin Bieber's Baby music video holds the record for the most viewed video with more than 668 million views! 

In the simpson there are clips from a movie starring McBain,,if you put these clips together, you can actually form a full coherent story, Every single tweet is archived in the Library of Congress. 

If you asked the founder of McDonald's what business he was in,McDonald's is now the single largest owner of real estate in the world. 

The McDonald's Shamrock Shake was created for a fundraiser with the Philadelphia Eagles. 

Paris has what is thought to be the only McDonald's with white arches in place of their traditional golden ones., The computers used on the TV show "The Office" are actually connected to the internet. Cast members admit to browsing in the background 

On average, students send and receive 3 text messages during every class 

A study conducted by Harvard Researchers found women are happier when their male partners open up about being upset 

Women are 77% more likely to survive a car accident, If you multiply the number 21978 by 4, the product is the same number, but reversed 

Candy Canes were originally invented as a way to keep children from talking in church. 

Philophobia is actually the fear of being or falling in love. 

The muscles in the upper part of the face tend to move more when someone is lying, The first text message ever was sent 20 years ago on this day - It said “Merry Christmas 

The average person has 3 to 5 best friends, and usually hates one person in their social group 

Family Guy producers state that Stewie is gay while Lois (his mother) is Jewish - His confusion is what causes him to be so aggressive. 

Body language researchers suggest that if a woman crosses her legs while in conversation, she's probably not interested in you, The man who invented Tang also invented Pop Rocks, Cool Whip and quick setting Jello 

In real life, Russi Taylor (the voice of Minnie Mouse) was married to Wayne Allwine (the voice of Mickey Mouse.) 

There are actually 392 billionaires in the United States. 

The surname “Hitler” actually means “one who lives in a hut., In the 4th issue of Spiderman Comics, Mary Jane was killed by Spiderman's radioactive semen 

Getting angry at people when we listen to them breathing or eating is called Misophonia, which is an actual brain disorder. 

Students at Cornell University are required to pass a basic swimming test before they are allowed to graduate 

There is a 9.7% increase happiness on Fridays compared to the most unhappy day of the week, Monday, At the Vancouver Olympics, the 7000 athletes in the village finished the 100,000 free condoms too quickly. That is 14 condoms per person 

According to Kansas State University the “Bible Belt” of the US is one of the most sinful areas of the country 

Most newspapers are written at a fifth-grade reading level. 

People with blue eyes are more intelligent and perform better in their academic careers than people with brown eyes, The cell phone camera shutter sound is to discourage groper upskirt shots. It still cannot be turned off on most current phones in Asia 

A kiss between women was first shown on TV in 1991 on L.A. Law 

Tribesmen in northern Uganda can tie a knot in their penis 

In 2004, the ratio of porn movies to regular movies rented in America was 1 in 5, Emperor Claudius was the only one of the Roman Emperors not to take a male lover 

An essayeur in a Parisian brothel was a man employed to fondle the prostitutes and create a conducive atmosphere for the clients 

The inventor of men's briefs is Arthur Kneibler. He invented them in 1935 

The average career length of an illegal prostitute in Texas is 5 years, Atilla the Hun, Pope Leo VIII and Nelson Rockefeller all died while having sex 

Boxers were invented by Jacob Golomb, the founder of Everlast who created these shorts for actual boxers 

The word erotic comes from the Greek word eros, the Greek God of Love 

Leonardo da Vinci once said "the penis has a mind of its own, 46% of women would give up getting laid for two weeks rather than logging off the Internet for the same amount of time, according to Intel 

The clitoris is the only organ in the human body with just one purpose: pleasure 

Heterosexual anal sex is something 43% of women have experienced. 

Sarah Bernhardt, Elvis Presley and King Solomon of Israel all claimed to have had over 1,000 lovers, During WWII, because a lot of players were called to duty, the Pittsburgh Steelers and Philadelphia Eagles combined to become The Steagles 

In 1910 football teams were penalized 15 yards for an incompleted forward pass. 

The par for the world's longest golf hole--the 909 yard seventh hole on Japan's Sano golf course--is 7 

The first man to run the 4 minute mile was England's Roger Bannister. He held this world record title for only 46 days, The word "Gaga" in Filipino refers to a stupid and idiotic girl. 

The radiation from smoking one pack of cigarettes a day is almost equal to that of 2,000 chest X-Rays 

The chemical structure of crystal meth is almost identical to that of Vicks vapor inhaler 

Actress Jennifer Lawrence (From The Hunger Games) made it onto People Magazine's Most Beautiful People in the World in 2011, Dr. Pepper was first released 127 years ago on this day. 

A cat's brain is more similar to a human brain than it is to a dog's brain. Humans and cats have identical regions responsible for emotion 

Mountain Dew's original slogan read "It'll Tickle Your Innards 

Nearly 1 out of every 5 Americans are considered to be illiterate, No one can drive us crazy unless we give them the keys." - Doug Horton 

42% of college graduates never read another book after they leave college 

By the time most Americans are 18, they have eaten about 1,500 peanut butter and jelly sandwiches 

70% of murders committed in Detroit go unsolved, New York was the first state to require cars to have license plates 

"Apparently there is nothing that cannot happen today." - Mark Twain 

"Things that hurt, instruct." - Benjamin Franklin 

"The world is changed by examples, not by opinions." - Paulo Coelho, The first lollipop was invented in Connecticut 

in one day, a full-grown oak tree expels 7 tons of water through its leaves 

Mountain goats aren't actually goats. They are antelopes. 

In Athens, Greece, a driver's license can be taken away by law if the driver is deemed either "unbathed" or "poorly dressed.", People with blue eyes are more intelligent and perform better in their academic careers than people with brown eyes 

It only costs Apple $168 to build an iPhone 5 16 GB -- The retail price in the market is $699 

The first TV toy commercial aired in 1946 for Mr. Potato Head 

Every ton of recycled paper saves about 17 trees., Every elder brother is 33% more likely to be gay than the very next younger brother 

A research by OkCupid in 2010 concluded that iPhone users get laid twice as much as Android and Blackberry users 

Forgiving others on their mistakes is the trait most strongly associated with happiness. 

Women who play online games have more sex and tend to be more happy in their relationships than those who don't, a study suggests, The vacuum cleaner is based on Edmund Heming’s 1699 invention of a street-sweeping machine 

A study tells that marijuana works as a chemotherapy in cancer patients by killing and freezing the growth of cancer cells 

McDonald's once tried to sell McSpaghetti and McPizza 

Eating excessive amount of blue M&Ms can turn your skin bright blue temporarily, Coca-Cola ran a campaign called H2NO: they trained servers to convince you to NOT order water! 

Why are night vision goggles are GREEN: we can see more shades of green than any other color! 

Thousands of TELESCOPES are being linked to take a photo of a black hole! 

Thomas Jefferson invented Swivel Chairs, Sean Connery represented Scotland in the 1952 Mr. Universe contest 

The dial of the Rolex Daytona is made with an actual meteorite. On top of the other-worldly dial, 

Soil is a non-renewable resource. It takes nature more than 500 years to create 1 inch of 

The pavement at Disney World’s Epcot has a PINK hue to it to make the grass look greener!, Lucille Ball was thrown out of the NY Robert Minton-John Murray Anderson School of Drama at 15 yrs old because she was "too quiet 

The first time Madonna appeared on The Late Show with David Letterman, her foul language had to be bleeped out 12 times 

Actor John Barrymore kept a pet vulture 

Gene Autry was the only entertainer to have 5 stars on Hollywood's Walk of Fame; 1 for each category-Film, TV, recording, radio & theater, Conan O'Brien spent two years as a writer and producer for The Simpsons 

Chuck Norris' first name is actually Carlos 

Oprah Winfrey's name should have been Orpah, from the Book of Ruth, but the midwife made a mistake when filling out the birth certificate 

Despite being offered $4 million, Steve McQueen, Robert Redford and Paul Newman all turned down the part of Superman, Grover Cleveland answered the White House phone, personally 

The 2nd president-Adams, and 3rd president-Jefferson died within just a few hours of each other on the same exact day: July 4th 1826 

Steve Jobs once went onto an all fruit and veggie diet because he believed that with that diet he wouldn't need to shower 

Elvis flew 800 miles just to get a bite of his favorite sandwich, Mickey Rourke became a professional boxer in 1991 but retired in 1995 

Poet Edgard Allen Poe married his 13-year-old cousin 

Sandra Bullock is fluent in German 

Sandra Bullock donated $1 million to the Red Cross after the Sept 11 attacks and after the 2004 tsunami in Asia, J.K. Rowling was the first author billionaire, according to Forbes magazine, 2006 

Beyonce has a cat named Master P 

50 Cent doesn't drink or smoke 

According to friends, Bruce Willis had a terrible stammer as a child, Winona Ryder was born Winona Laura Horowitz 

Theodore Roosevelt was blind in his left eye. 

Paul Cezanne had a parrot who he taught to say, "Cezanne is a great painter 

When the Hoovers did not want to be overheard by White House guests, they spoke to each other in Chinese., Michael Caine fell in love with a woman he saw in a Maxwell House coffee commercial. She is now his wife 

George Lucas sued President Ronald Reagan when Reagan began calling his computer-controlled space defense system 'Star Wars' 

Actress Joan Collins posed seminude for Playboy when she was 50 years old 

Lucille Ball did not become a redhead until age 30 after 12 years as a platinum blonde and 18 years as a brunette, Frank Sinatra has a provision in his will that if anyone contests it, they are automatically disinherited 

Grace Kelly was rumored to be involved with all her leading men except for one. They were all old enough to be her father. 

Jennifer Garner is a trained ballerina who initially left dance for theater acting. 

With #NotreDame no. 1 in the BCS, this is the 1st time in BCS history that a school is atop in polls & in student-athlete graduation rates., Jon Bon Jovi's mother was one of the first Playboy playmates 

Jack Nicholson is the actor with the most Academy Award nominations. Meryl Streep is the most nominated actress 

Mark Twain received a patent for "improved suspenders" in 1871 

Joe DiMaggio banned all the members of The Rat Pack from Marilyn Monroe's funeral, Paul Walker has a daughter named 'Meadow Rain' 

Marlon Brando and Robert De Niro are the only two actors to win an Oscar for portraying the same character, Vito Corleone 

When Robert De Niro was growing up in the Little Italy area of New York City, his nickname was Bobby Milk because he was so thin and pale 

Owen Wilson and Ben Stiller have been in 10 movies together, In Britney Spears’ Baby One More Time music video, her love interest is played by her cousin 

Barbara Walters will not let people photograph her from her left side 

Halle Berry is named after a Department Store from Cleveland. 

Bill Gates' first business was Traf-O-Data-a company that created machines which recorded the number of cars passing a given point on a road, From now on, Dwight Howard will shoot his free throws from the 3 point line 

Daniel Radcliffe admitted he was drunk while filming some scenes for the Harry Potter movies 

Lil Wayne lost his virginity at the age of 11 

Miley Cyrus had braces for the whole time while filming Hannah Montana but they were glued on the back of her teeth so you couldn't see them, David Stern fines Washington Wizards for resting the entire team all season. 

Jack Taylor not impressed by Lakers' 122 points 

David Stern fines Tony Parker $8,000 for sleeping in past 10am 

David Beckham spends final LA Galaxy match wearing H&M underwear, eating a Whopper, drinking Pepsi and checking his Samsung mobile device, The @Patriots win by NFL-best avg +14.9 pts when win turnover battle; lose by avg of -3.5 when lose turnover battle, also best. 

You know a game won't end without a Jay Cutler INT at some point. Just wait for it. 

Ryan Gosling was once suspended from school for throwing steak knives during recess because he thought he was Rambo. 

Video games with positive goals inspires positive behavior and improves health in the individual playing it., If #SEC defenses so tough, why do #UGA #Alabama lead nation in pass efficiency

At end of day in college football, through all evolution toward wide-open offense, the 2 best defenses meet for national title

ND ends season No. 1 in scoring D (10.3 PPG). Alabama falls to No.2 after giving up 28 to UGA (10.7 PPG)

Belichick's Patriots 115-10 when they win turnover battle, In 2002, on the first anniversary of 9/11, the winning numbers drawn in the New York Lottery were 911 

Poli means Many and Tics means Bloodsucking Creatures in Latin -- So if we combine them Politics actually means Many Bloodsucking Creatures 

French president Félix Faure died of a stroke in 1899, when he was recieving blow job from his secretary in his office 

Paranormal Activity was made with a budget of $11,000 and it has earned more than $65 million worldwide., "In every contest, there comes a moment that separates winning from losing. The true warrior understands and seizes that moment" - P. Riley 

"What it lies in our power to do, it lies in our power not to do." – Aristotle 

Of all the things you wear, your expression is the most important." - Janet Jan 

Inventor of world famous Fender Guitars, Leo Fender, did not know how to play a guitar, Charlie Batch doesn't use a mouth guard, he just keeps his teeth in a cup on the sideline. 

You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else." - Albert Einstein 

Sometimes all you need is 20 seconds of insane courage. 

"Work is either fun or drudgery. It depends on your attitude. I like fun." - Colleen C. Barret, Saying Jets/Cardinals game is a competition is a description as loose as a Kardashian around an NBA player with a Championship ring. 

Tebow cancels Jets bible study, says not even God can save them now. 

Mark Sanchez finally found something he can actually hang on to:clipboard 

"Peyton Who?" -Colts Fans, “Friends with benefits” tend to practice safer sex than those in traditional relationships 

During the early 1930s, women of the Afridi tribe would execute their cheating husbands (and other men) by drowning them in urine. 

There is no word you can write using only the bottom row of the keyboard 

Dogs have the ability to make about 100 different facial expressions, Breyers doesn't make ice cream any more!their products now don't have enough milk and cream to actually be considered 'ice cream.' 

the Internet  has a Patron Saint: Saint Isidore of Seville. 

In rome Prostitutes were the only women who wore high heels! 

Women dream about sex as often as men do., Your heart is about the same size as your closed fist. 

1.7 billion cups of coffee are consumed everyday worldwide. 

The more beauty you see in others, the more beautiful you become 

Hybrid cars produce up to 75% less pollution than other vehicles, 1.3% of the entire female U.S. population have fake boobs. 

Drinking chocolate milk has been proven to help relieve muscle soreness after a workou 

The term "quirkyalone" refers to someone who enjoys being single and doesn't want to date just anybody 

That scent that lingers after a nice rain is called "petrichor.", About 50% of women admit to having fantasies about rape. 

Astronauts cannot burp in space because there isn't enough gravity to separate the gases from liquids in the stomach 

Research at Victoria University of Wellington found that breasts are usually the first thing a man notices in a woman. 

Rapper Nelly, once came out with an energy drink called "Pimp Juice.", A study suggests that keeping cats can increase chances of developing mental illnesses and cause suicidal behavior in women 

These 2 sentences covers all English Alphabets "Quick brown fox jumps over the white lazy dog" and "Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs 

Originally the "Like" button on Facebook was planned to be "Awesome" button by Facebook developers 

Jack Daniels ran away from home at the age of 6 and learned to make whiskey from a Lutheran minister., "Hakuna Matata" the term used in Disney movie Lion King is actually a Swahili phrase which means “there are no worries 

The founder of Jack Daniel's Tennessee whiskey distillery, Jack Daniel learned to make whisky at the age of 6. 

1500 Americans were killed in car crashes in the year after 9/11 because they choose to travel in cars instead of planes. 

Similar to tongue, lungs also have taste buds -- We can taste bitter flavours from lungs in the same way we taste food with our tongue, Next year, there will be a comet so BRIGHT, we'll be able to see it in the daytime! 

3 stray dogs saved 50 soldiers in Afghanistan. Two of them were BROUGHT to the US to live with them! 

GIF is Oxford's word of the year! 

Female OKCupid users find 80% of men to have BELOW-AVERAGE attractiveness, "Apparently there is nothing that cannot happen today." - Mark Twain 

"I'm crazy, but I'm not stupid." - Jackie Chan 

The Russians donated 100 ft MONUMENT on the 5th anniversary of 9/11 located in New Jersey 

If you are severely scared of going to the dentist or having dental work, you may actually have a phobia called odontophobia, "Our lives are a sum total of the choices we have made." - Wayne Dyer 

"We all have ability. The difference is how we use it." - Stevie Wonder 

"Don't let fear stop you, it only means you're facing great opportunities." - Erich Jao 

"The real glory is being knocked to your knees and then coming back. That's real glory." - Vince Lombard, People who suffer from "The Glass Delusion" are convinced they are made of glass and will shatter easily 

"Nothing is predestined: The obstacles of your past can become the gateways that lead to new beginnings." - Ralph Blum 

"An inventor fails 999 times, and if he succeeds once, he's in. He treats his failures simply as practice shots." - Charles Kettering 

"There are two primary choices in life; to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them." - Denis Waitley, Intelligence researcher, David Levy, predicts that human-robot marriages will be legal by the year 2050. 

More people die from human bites in South Africa than from snake bites! 

56% of people fold their underwear while 27% say they just toss it in the drawer. 

Studies at Princeton University have found that money can buy happiness when you make up to $75,000 a year., Plants actually have complex social interactions with each other - They will grow more aggressively when next to unrelated plants. 

Not only do you strengthen your facial muscles when kissing, but it increases oxytocin in the body, relieving stress! 

The world's most expensive burger is actually sold at a Burger King in West London. It's called "The Burger" and costs $186. 

Sugary fruits such as pineapple, kiwi and watermelon will cause semen to taste sweeter, Every year, about 86,000 people are injured by tripping over their pets 

Only 2% of Earth's population are natural redheads. 

250 million years from now, all of Earth's continents will merge again to form "Pangea Ultima. 

Optimistic people are 23% less likely to die of cancer and 30% less likely to die from heart diseases, Scientists have determined that counting sheep does not help you fall asleep - But, visualizing a calming landscape will help 

"Tartle" is a Scottish word for that pause you take when introducing someone who's name you have forgotten. 

"Jayus" is an Indonesian word for a joke so poorly told and so bad, you can't help but laugh at it 

The average iPhone user has 40 apps installed on their phone. Android users average 25 and Blackberry users average 14, The Spanish term for wife is 'esposa', while it's plural 'esposas' stands for both 'wives' and 'handcuffs' 

In 2011, a couple from Israel named their newborn baby girl "Like" after the Facebook feature. 

Initially Coca Cola was advertised as "the perfect cure for hangover". 

Scientists have determined that counting sheep does not help you fall asleep - But, visualizing a calming landscape will help., Girls can have a fake hymen in China for $700 only 

Heath Ledger and Peter Finch are only two actors who have won Oscar after death. 

Android users are more likely to partake in one-night stands compared to iPhone and Blackberry users, a dating site survey concluded. 

There are 18.6 million empty homes and 3.5 million homeless people in America meaning that every homeless American can own six houses., G-Mail was originally a free email service for Garfield fans 

Matt Leblanc, the actor who played Joey in FRIENDS holds the fastest celebrity lap time on Top Gear 

There exists a phobia in which the patients have a fear of "time moving forward" called Chronophobia 

The stocks of the company of Psy's father, the Korean pop star who sang "Gangnam Style" doubled after the release of song, Four is the only number that has the same amount of letters as its actual value 

It's impossible to hum while plugging your nose. You can't hum while holding your nose closed. 

Anatidaephobia is the fear that somewhere in the world, there is a duck watching you. 

The President's salary in 1909, adjusted for inflation is 4 times HIGHER than today!, If #SEC defenses so tough, why do #UGA #Alabama lead nation in pass efficiency 

At end of day in college football, through all evolution toward wide-open offense, the 2 best defenses meet for national title 

ND ends season No. 1 in scoring D (10.3 PPG). Alabama falls to No.2 after giving up 28 to UGA (10.7 PPG) 

Belichick's Patriots 115-10 when they win turnover battle, Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit." - Napoleon Hill 

Buying your kid a Kindle Fire is a great way to show them that you don't love them as much as parents who bought their kid an iPad. 

Fortunately for Kris Humphries, Tetanus is included in the precautionary shots he took before marrying Kim Kardashian 

Still no progress in NHL lockout talks, according to the one source reporting on it- some guy on a CB radio somewhere in Ontario, The average person wakes up about 6 times every night. 

People may doubt what you say, but they will believe what you do 

For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness." - Ralph Waldo Emerson 

"If you're not enjoying it, don't do it. Life's too short." - Debbie Meyer, Utah is the state with the highest number of porn subscriptions and downloads 

1 in 3 people say they would rather give up sex than give up their smartphone 

According to a Florida State University experiment, 75% of men would agree to sleep with a stranger 

About 1 in 5 long term relationships began with one or both partners being involved with someone else., People who own dogs tend to be more outgoing and are more likely to carry conversations with others 

Mount Everest has about 200 dead bodies on it which are now landmarks on the way to the top 

50 Cent produced a brand of condoms called “Magic Stick Condoms.” The proceeds go towards HIV awareness. 

Hiccups are the contractions of muscles that scientists say used to be gills, "If you aren't getting rejected on a daily basis, then your goals aren't ambitious enough." - Chris Dixon 

"Every difficulty can be overcome by effort." - Leonardo da Vinci 

"The problem is not that there are problems. The problem is expecting otherwise and thinking that having problems is a problem." - T. Rubin 

Percussive maintenance” is the technical term for hitting something until it works, Most Interesting Man was accepted to Harvard using his kindergarten finger painting for his admission. 

When the "Pirates of the Caribbean" ride opened at Disney World in 1967, real human bones were used as props 

Most Interesting Man lost his virginity before his father 

Cows do have best friends and become stressed when they are separated, "The truth will set you free, but first it will piss you off." - Gloria Steinem 

When you have completed 95 percent of your journey, you are only halfway there." - Japanese Proverb 

The Most Interesting Man is Victoria's secret 

People who are left-handed are 39% more likely to be homosexual!, "It's so hard when I have to, and so easy when I want to." - Annie Gottlier 

You'll never find a rainbow if you're looking down." - Charlie Chaplin 

He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask remains a fool forever." - Chinese Proverb 

Show me a guy who's afraid to look bad, and I'll show you a guy you can beat every time." - Lou Brock, Did you know "DIET" stands for: Did I Eat That? 

Scary Fact: 1 in 7 newlyweds will cheat in their first year of marriage 

In ancient Japan, public contests were held to see who could fart the loudest and longest! 

If you could fold a piece of paper in half 50 times, its thickness will be 3/4 the distance from the Earth to the Sun (71 million miles), If you type "coughing" into Google images it looks like a bunch of people blowing an Invisible Man 

Most people make a decision regarding a person’s attraction within 3 seconds of meeting 

Just as some people talk in their sleep, sign language speakers have been known to sign in their sleep 

111,111,111 x 111,111,111 = 12345678987654321 MIND= BLOWN!, August has the most birthdays, February has the least 

85% of people tend to walk around in circles while talking on the phone 

A french kiss is an English kiss in France! 

Right-handed people live an average of 9 more years than left-handed people, For the first time, a syringe is listed on the baseball Hall of Fame ballot. 

In addition to the $30k fine from the league office, Shaub also invoiced Suh $2.19 for one large bag of frozen peas. 

Jason Babin cut twice. Once by Andy Reid, and another from a self inflicted knife wound after finding out Jaguars picked him up. 

Philip Rivers suspects his offensive line among NFL players using Viagra as a PED, as they've been f him all season, You are only born with 2 fears -- We are naturally afraid of falling and loud noises 

Relationship insecurity can actually lead to heart problems 

Intelligent men tend to be more sexually faithful 

Chewing gum has been proven to improve a person's mood, while decreasing anxiety and stress, Most mammals, except humans, have a bone in their penis which helps them stay erec 

Splenda is actually 600 times sweeter than sugar. 

The Nazis invented exploding chocolate bars. These were uncovered by British intelligence during WWII, but they were never used. 

The average couple bickers about 2,455 times a year., A German woman was charged with “attempted murder” after using her large breasts to smother her boyfriend. 

The odds of a coin flip are not 50-50, but actually 51-49. It will most likely land facing the same direction as it started. 

Nachos were named after the guy who created them - Ignacio “Nacho” Anaya 

About 25% of Japanese men between the ages of 30 and 34 are still virgins, Time for NFL Football and Free Pizza

 

 FaceBook or Tweet the Correct score of any NFL football game and win a Free cheese Pizza

 

“ Pats X, Fish Y, Give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza,

 

One guess , per game, per customer. All guesses must be in before game starts, In 2011, a teenager from Newcastle, UK was terminated from school after teabagging his testicles in teacher's tea. 

Maple Syrup actually contains anti-oxidants and 54 beneficial compounds than can help you fight cancer 

The average woman packs 26 items in her suitcase that she'll never need 

Volkswagen owns Bentley, Bugatti, Lamborghini, Audi, Ducati and Porsche, Filet-O-Fish was brought out by McDonald’s in 1962 because their Catholic customers did not have meat on Fridays 

Lobsters and jellyfish are biologically immortal they can live forever. 

High school students in New York City can have free condoms from their schools 

Before the invention of color television, majority of the people used to dream in black and white, Time for NFL Football and Free Pizza

 

 FaceBook or Tweet the Correct score of any NFL football game  and win a Free cheese Pizza

 

“ Pats X, Fish Y, Give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza,

 

One guess , per game, per customer. All guesses must be in before game starts, At the end of every year, Chanel and Louis Vuitton burn their unsold products, so that it won't be sold at cut price. 

It has been scientifically proven that your body can stay alive for many months only on water and beer 

The "Middle Finger" gesture was first used in a Greek play in 423 B.C, referring to "a male who submits to anal penetration" 

A driverless car invented by Google has completed over 300k miles and only had two accidents when humans in other cars hit it., A martial art expert from Hong Kong, Mo Ka Wang managed to lift over 250 pounds of weight with its erect penis in 1995. 

There are sex doll brothels in Japan, where you can pay to have sex with your favourite anime and manga characters 

Throughout his life Hitler ate strict vegetarian diet, never smoked a cigarette and didnt try alcohol 

Human brain more easily recognizes other people with their voices than facial features, There are 722 miles of subway track in New York city 

Wes Craven, legendary horror director had NEVER seen a movie before college! 

Unlikely bromance: Elton John became good friends with Eminem and even HELPED him with his drug addiction 

Over 50 million Americans smoke marijuana and 1 in 10 teens smoke it more than 20 times in a month, "Remember that silence is sometimes the best answer." - Nazia Mallic 

"You will never possess what you are unwilling to pursue." - Mike Murdoc 

3-4 years olds can have 30-100 aggressive acts a day 

A Barbie once came with a scale set at 110 lbs, "You'll be surprised to know how far you can go from the point where you thought it was the end 

Good enough never is." - Debbi Fields 

"The only disability in life is a bad attitude." - Scott Hamilton 

"Live well. It is the greatest revenge." - The Talmud, "Happiness is a direction, not a place." - Sydney J. Harri 

"Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit." - Vince Lombardi 

"All things are difficult before they are easy." - Thomas Fuller 

"Why are you trying so hard to fit in when you were born to stand out?, Japanese research has concluded that moderate drinking boosts IQ levels. 

Why do British people never sound British when they sing? 

"There are only two times in life: NOW and TOO LATE. 

"The past is a foreign country; they do things differently there." - Leslie Poles Hartley, The pain that women experiences while giving birth is more than to getting burned alive 

What if April Fools is really on April 2nd, and we're all being April Fooled? 

The 3 most common lies on the internet: 1. I've read and agree to the terms of service 2. Status: offline. 3. Yes, I am over 18 years old 

The story 'Little Red Riding hood was actually created to keep girls away from sex, and the bad wolf was apparently a man's penis, The word ''bed'' is shaped like an actual bed 

most popular kitten names #1 Female - Bella #1 Male - Max #2 Female - Lucy #2 Male - Oliver #3 Female - Kitty#3 Male Name - Charlie 

Over-thinking is the cause of almost 84% of people being stressed 

After reading this tweet you will realize that the the brain doesn't recognize a second "the", Microsoft's "I'm a PC" Ad was created on a Mac. 

40% of bottled water is just regular tap water. 

Men laugh an average 69 times per day while women laugh an average of 55 times 

A week before President Lincoln died, he was in Monroe, Maryland. A week before President Kennedy died, he was in Marilyn Monroe, Why do we close our eyes when we pray, cry, kiss or dream? Because the most beautiful things in life are not seen but felt by the heart. 

If you have more than 200 orgasms a year, you can reduce your physiologic age by six years 

Japanese research has concluded that moderate use of Marijuana can increase IQ levels as much as 19% 

If you go to a McDonalds in the Philippines you can order McSpaghetti, If the whole world smoked a joint at the same time, there would be world peace for at least 2 hours. 

92% people at some point in their life have tried to close the fridge slowly to see when the light goes out. 

If Pinocchio said, "My nose will grow right now" what would happen...think about it 

89% men mistake a woman's friendly behavior with flirting, In Scotland, a new game was invented. It was entitled Gentlemen Only Ladies Forbidden. And thus, the word GOLF entered the English languag 

The fear of ugly people is called "Cacophobia. 

RIGHT NOW YOU HAVE: 3 fingers behind your phone, your pinky tucked under for support and your scrolling with your thumb! R-T if I am right 

72% of people reading this will not find the the mistake in this A,B,C,D,E,F,G,H,I,J,K,L,M,N,O,P,Q,R,S,T,U,V,W,X,Y,Z. RT only if you find it, Whenever a person falls in love, they lose an average of about 2 friends 

Persia changed its name to Iran in 1935. 

The first baseball caps were made of straw. 

The largest diamond ever found was an astounding 3,106 carats!, The band "Green Day" originally went by the name "Sweet Children 

People who are married earn a salary about 27% higher than their single counterparts 

Standing while while doing work increases productivity and helps to keep you focused., Aside from speaking into their right ear, a person will be more willing to do something for you when touching their forearm. 

The second longest running animated series in the U.S. is the children's show "Arthur." First is "The Simpsons." 

The Merriam-Webster officially recognizes "wenis" as "the extra skin on your elbow." 

The Disney Channel is working on "Girl Meets World," a “Boy Meets World” sequel, There are nearly twice as many marijuana dispensaries (390) than Starbucks (208), in Colorado. 

Male Kangaroo masturbates by literally sucking his own penis. 

McDonald's is no longer the world's largest restaurant chain -- Subway now has more outlets opened worldwide than McDonald's. 

Playing video games can sharpen a person’s decision making abilities by 25% as well as improve focus and boost creativity., A underworld section of the internet exists called the "deep web" where massive black market for drugs, prostitution and even hitmen exists. 

You’re as much as eight times more likely to be happier if you cuddle regularly with your partner 

Your ankle is the most satisfying place to scratch in your entire body and produce sensations similar to having sex. 

In China, YouTube, Facebook and Twitter are blocked and local versions of the sites are available to the public, The original Volkswagon Beetle was commissioned by Hitler and designed by Ferdinand Porsche 

X's symbolize kisses b/c in ancient days, when few people could write, they would sign their names w/ an 'X' and kiss it to show sincerity 

Stewardesses' is the longest word that is typed using only the left hand 

In just 24 hours of its launch "Call of Duty Black Ops 2" had sold more than 5.6 million copies and generated $500 million, The original Volkswagon Beetle was commissioned by Hitler and designed by Ferdinand Porsche 

X's symbolize kisses b/c in ancient days, when few people could write, they would sign their names w/ an 'X' and kiss it to show sincerity 

Stewardesses' is the longest word that is typed using only the left hand 

In just 24 hours of its launch "Call of Duty Black Ops 2" had sold more than 5.6 million copies and generated $500 million, The original package of M&Ms contained brown, yellow, orange, red, green & violet colored candies; violet was replaced by tan in 1949 

A portrait of Franklin Delano Roosevelt appears on the dime b/c of his work w/ the March of Dimes & its battle against polio, which he had 

Women in Utah voted 50 years BEFORE other women. Congress TOOK the right AWAY; they were voting FOR polygamy! 

The model for the face of the Statue of Liberty is the sculpture's mother, Charlotte Barthold, When you are tough on yourself, life is going to be infinitely easier on you." - Zig Ziglar 

"No one would talk much in society, if he knew how often he misunderstands others." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe 

"We can do anything we want if we stick to it long enough." - Helen Keller 

"Everyone who got where he is has had to begin where he was." - Robert Louis Stevenson, "Resolve to be a master of change rather than a victim of change." - Brian Tracy 

Breast fed babies score slightly higher on mental development tests than ones on formula 

The word 'Jeep' is derivative of the expression 'G.P.,' which is military slang for General Purpose Vehicle 

M&Ms owe their success to the US Military who wanted a candy that could hold up in G.I.'s pockets & wouldn't make their fingers sticky, The important thing is this: To be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become." - Charles du Bois 

"Success is the maximum utilization of the ability that you have." - Zig Zigla 

"You are remembered for the rules you break." - Douglas MacArthu 

Don't cry when the sun is gone, because the tears won't let you see the stars." - Violeta Parra, The important thing is this: To be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become." - Charles du Bois 

"Success is the maximum utilization of the ability that you have." - Zig Zigla 

"You are remembered for the rules you break." - Douglas MacArthu 

Don't cry when the sun is gone, because the tears won't let you see the stars." - Violeta Parra, "Today's mighty oak is just yesterday's nut that held its ground." 

"Ain't no chance if you don't take it." - Guy Clark 

"True friends stab you in the front." - Oscar Wilde 

"When you reach the top, keep climbing." - Proverb, "Today, you have 100% of your life left." - Tom Landry 

"Everything counts! Everything you do helps or hurts, adds up or takes away." - Brian Tracy 

"I believe in rainbows and all of that. But there are darker colors… and it's the shade that defines the light." - Tori Amos 

Never fear shadows. They simply mean there's a light shining somewhere nearby." - Ruth E. Renkel, "Fall down seven times, get up eight." - Japanese Proverb 

Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything." - George Bernard Shaw 

When life kicks you, make it kick you forward 

"It's a little like wrestling a gorilla. You don't quit when you're tired. You quit when the gorilla is tired." - Robert Strauss, Division III point guard embarrasses team with pathetic 77-point performance 

The official drinking game for tonight's Panthers/Eagles matchup is to just try to pass out before the opening sequence is over. 

Brett Favre texts Mike Tomlin an explicit picture of his throwing arm 

"The ones who say 'you can't' and 'you won't' are probably the ones scared that you will., Reminder: Only 339 shopping days left until Halloween 

Brawl between Raiders and Bengals was NFL throwing locked out NHL fans a bone 

Seahawks' CBs being investigated for performance enhancing drugs. League became suspicious after seeing Seahawks were above .500. 

Fireman Ed adjusts to life as Failed Husband Ed., "All changes are created in a moment - with a simple choice." - R.T. Gorham 

"I Do it because I Can, I Can because I Want to, I Want to because You said I COULDN'T! 

"The best preparation for tomorrow is to do today's work superbly well." - Sir William Osler 

"You've got to jump off cliffs and build your wings on the way down." - Ray Bradbur, "Experience is what you get when you don't get what you want." - Dan Stanford 

"Tomorrow's starting now." - John Legend 

"You know life is worth the struggle when you look back on what you lost and realize what you have now is way better. 

"Remember: every day some ordinary person does something extraordinary. Today it's your turn." - Lou Holtz, "Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first." - Mark Twain 

"Don't limit yourself to the possible when you can reach for the impossible." - Kim Trinh 

Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment." - Oprah Winfrey 

"If anything is worth trying at all, it's worth trying at least 10 times." - Art Linkletter, "I like to be a free spirit. Some don't like that, but that's the way I am." - Princess Diana 

"We have two options, medically and emotionally: give up, or fight like hell." - Lance Armstrong 

"Failure is good. It's fertilizer. Everything I've learned about coaching, I've learned from making mistakes." - Rick Pitino 

"Simply put, you believe that things or people make you unhappy, but this is not accurate. You make yourself unhappy." - Wayne Dye, I had to pick myself up and get on with it, do it all over again, only even better this time." - Sam Walton 

Don't bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself." - William Faulkner 

"The less you have, the less you have to worry about." - Buddha 

"I'm not upset that you lied to me, I'm upset that from now on I can't believe you." - Friedrich Nietzsche, Staring at a blue surface during sex greatly increases the intensity of orgasms because of optic nerve angles in the eye 

Women fart 3 times more often than men. 

If you search 241543903 in Google images you will find tons of pictures of people putting their heads in refridgerator 

In 2003, sexually active adults had sex an average of 127 times a year. This number has now decreased to 103 times a year, "Now just because you deserve this doesn't mean they're gonna give it to you. Sometimes you gotta take what's yours." - Coach Carter 

Improvement begins with I." - Arnold Glasow 

"I am not afraid. I was born to do this." - Joan of Arc 

"In the end, what we regret most are the chances we never took." - Frasier Crane, What great thing would you attempt if you knew you could not fail? 

"Respond intelligently even to unintelligent treatment." - Lao Tz 

No matter how you feel, get up, dress up and show up." - Paulo Coelho 

I'm tough, I'm ambitious, and I know exactly what I want. If that makes me a bitch, okay." - Madonna, No one ever gets far unless he accomplishes the impossible at least once a day." - Elbert Hubbard 

"Making mistakes simply means you are learning faster." - Weston H. Agor 

"Anytime you see someone more successful than you are, they are doing something you're not." - Malcolm X 

The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain." - Dolly Parton, In general, Mac users are 50% more accurate and 44% more productive than PC users 

IQ varies by country. The average IQ of someone in the U.S. is 98 while in the U.K, it's 100. Hong Kong tops the chart with 10 

On average, people who complain live longer -- Releasing this tension increases immunity and boosts their health 

"If what you did yesterday seems big, you haven't done anything today." - Lou Holtz, Wearing a 2½-inch high heel can increase the load on your forefoot by 75 percent. 

feet can sweat up to a pint of fluid a day. Feet have more sweat glands than any other part of the body, approximately 125,000 in each foot 

The average woman walks three miles more on a given day than the average man does. 

more sensory nerve endings on your feet than there are on any other part of your body. explains why many people are ticklish on their feet!, Curiosity rover, the robot that NASA sent to Mars is powered with a battery that lasts 14 years 

Roy and Silo was a pair of gay penguins in NYC's Central Park Zoo, they spent 8 years together and raised an orphan chick 

The worst selling gaming console of all time was actually developed by Apple in 1994, it was named Apple Pippin. 

The world's largest feet wore a shoe size of US 29 1/2., The very next day when 9/11 happened, Russell Brand dressed up as Osama Bin Laden, came to the MTV studios and he got fired 

In his biography it is stated that, Willie Nelson, during his frequent visits to the White House, once he smoked marijuana on the roof top 

In South East Asian sex industry there are almost half million underage prostitutes. 

Women who play online games have more sex and tend to be more happy in their relationships than those who don't, a study suggests, In the early version of Batman comics, Batman actually used to carry a gun to shoot criminals 

Usain Bolt broke the world record in 100m final at the 2008 Beijing Olympics with an untied sho 

A study suggests that keeping cats can increase chances of developing mental illnesses and cause suicidal behavior in women 

"San Pornando Valley" is name of a place in Los Angeles, famous for producing 90% of American porn., America spends an average of $10 Billion on Porn every year. This is enough money to put ever child in Africa through school 

In the US no Social Security Numbers (SSN) start with the digits 666. 

In 2005, Will Smith made a Guinness World Record for attending 3 movie premieres in 24 hours 

"Cremaster muscle" is a muscle covering the testes which is involved with the sinking feeling you get when you look over the side of a cliff, Drummers are generally the best at sex because they can keep a good rhythm 

In 1996 A NASA project codenamed STS-XX was set up to explore sexual positions possible in a weightless atmospher 

Only 16% of men shave their privates 

What have a Kodak and a condom got in common? They are both there to capture that special moment, On Valentine’s Day 2010, 39,897 people in Mexico City broke the record for the world’s largest group kiss 

Divorce filings have spiked about 40% around February 14th over the past two years 

Teenage males masturbate on average 2-5 times a day 

Whats the difference between men and women? Women want one man to satisfy her every need. A man wants every woman to satisfy his one need, In Russia, the U.S.A. and France, people report having sex more than 130 times a year but only under 50 times a year in Hong Kong 

Calling out your ex's name during sex is a nice way to show your current partner that you won't forget them after you leave them 

Women are selfish. I mean a man would never complain if a woman orgasmed after 30 seconds 

Viagra was prescribed in the week before February 14th more than any other week of the year, Caffeine boosts a females sex drive 

The Declaration of Independence was written on hemp (marijuana) paper 

Apple seeds are poisonous 

Ghengis Khan died while having sex, If Cinderella's shoe fit perfectly then how did it fall off in the first place? 

God has no Phone, but I talk to him. He has no Facebook, but he is still my friend. He does not have a Twitter, but I still follow him 

Don’t judge my choices if you don’t understand my reasons. 

80% of men say they'd marry the same woman if they had to do it all over again - 50% of women would marry the same man, Tebow would like to ask Charlie Batch what it was like being around when Jesus walked the earth. 

Blue color has a calming effect, releases calming hormones in the brain. That’s why Twitter, Facebook, Skype are blue 

Cuddling before going to bed is 12 times more effective than sleeping pills 

When a person cries, and the first drop of tears comes from the right eye, It is happiness. If it's from the left, It is pain, The Blue Whale ejaculates over 40 gallons of Sperm when mating. Only 10% enters the female & you always wondered why the sea tasted salty? 

Two out of five people end up marrying their first love. 

Fact: Every time a contestant doesn't make it a true daily double, Alex Trebek whispers, "pussy" under his breath. 

Harbaugh announces Alex Smith as starting clipboard holder, Snow White and the 7 Dwarfs was actually based upon the effects of cocaine & the 7 dwarfs were each of the side effects from the drug 

The typewriter was invented by Hungarian immigrant Qwert Yuiop, who left his signature on the keyboard 

When you wake up around 2-3am without any reason, there's an 85% chance that someone is staring at you 

The prettiest smiles hide the deepest secrets. The prettiest eyes have cried the most tears. And the kindest hearts have felt the most pain, According to Hostess, it takes about 45 seconds for a Twinkie to explode in a microwave 

adult women suffer from headaches about 4 times more often than adult men 

Wearing tight pants is a top cause of impotence in men. 

The average person has about 3,000 songs in their iTunes library, 30% of college students know someone who has slept with a professor or teaching assistant 

Think of a number. Double it. Add six. Half it. Take away the number you started with. Your answer is three 

Mr. Krabs lives in Bikini Bottom. Think about it. 

2 Chainz played college basketball, graduated with a 4.0 GPA in 3 years at a 4 year school. Never Judge a book by it's cove, The wedding ring goes on the left ring finger. Because it's the only finger with a vein that connects to a heart. 

Dammit I'm mad'' spelled backwards = ''dammit I'm mad'' 

Swag" is an acronym created by a group of gay men in the 1960's that means "Secretly we are gay''. 

Pokemon is the highest sold game for Gameboy. It sold over 2.9 Billion copies, The average wedding costs $25,631 

Sex makes women pretty, While having sex- the body doubles on estrogen levels.. which makes hair shine & the skin becomes softer 

More Americans lose their virginity in June than in any other month. 

85% of movie actors earn less than $5,000 a year from acting., In the 1960's. "Slumber Party Barbie" came with a book titled "How To Lose Weight." One of the tips was "Don't eat." 

A person's inner nose regularly swells during intercourse. 

Sir Isaac Newton, who invented Calculus, had trouble with names to the point where he would forget his brothers' names, Ever notice how most women problems begin with men? Men-struation, Men-opause, Men-tal breakdowns 

If your name starts with an 'A', you have the longest life expectancy 

Frozen lobsters can come back to life when thawed 

Humans aren’t the only species that partake in oral sex; cheetahs, hyenas, and goats all go down too., Before he was murdered, Gaddafi was worth $200 billion dollars. He was the 8th richest 

A study revealed that almost 90% of Americans label themselves as shy 

Of the five people that designed the Macintosh computer, four were left-handed 

95% of people used to believe that the moon is following their car when they were kids, Hello Kitty's real name is actually "Kitty White." 

The Pillsbury Doughboy has a name: It's "Poppin' Fresh" and he's married to "Poppie Fresh." 

A person who is unable to take a straight shot of liquor, or makes a disgusted face after doing so, is often called a "paper-belly." 

Snow White and King Kong were Adolf Hitler's two favorite movies, Tony Romo participated in Black Friday , as his passing was 50% off 

Ohio State celebrates their Vacate-a-Bowl win over Michigan 

Cutler cleared to play after passing facial recognition test that did not detect any facial movement beyond neutral 

For men and women,morning seems to be the best time for orgasm.Testosterone levels are higher,blood flow is greater and you have more energy, President Gerald R. Ford held a high school prom at the White House for his daughter 

Asparagus has been scientifically proven to help cure hangovers 

78% of Black Friday shoppers say they’ve gotten into arguments with another shopper over who got to a sale item first. 

You are 13% more likely to die after getting a paycheck, Cleopatra claimed pickles made her beautiful. 

There's an Iron Man edition of Mr. Potato Head named "Tony Starch 

A driver's risk of collision is 23 times greater while texting. 

According to the Oxford dictionary, the word “muggle” is defined as someone with no particular skills, Bikinis and tampons were both invented by men 

The average teenager carries about $30 in cash and keeps $742.70 in a savings account 

Younger men usually have a higher alcohol tolerance than younger women, but this reverses with age 

The average person spends 45 to 62 minutes a day just waiting., Nicholas Cage has appeared in 75 MOVIES in 31 years 

During World War II the award given out at the Oscars was made of wood because most common metals were very scarce 

No LA police officers have died in the line of duty in almost 4 YEARS! 

Natalie Portman HELPED with the WRITING of The Social Network!, About 40% - 42% of people fantasize about being watched by others while having sex. 

About 43% of all Americans over the age of 18 are single 

Martha Stewart’s prison name was M. Diddy 

From a survey of 54,000 people, researchers discovered that cancer patients with a sense of humor were 70% more likely to survive., Oliver Stone, at the time of writing the script for the movie ‘Scarface’, was battling himself in an attempt to stop his cocaine addiction. 

New York city residents can get free condoms and lube by calling 311. 

Didaskaleinophobia is actually the fear of going to school 

Kesha scored a 1500 on her SAT’s and has an IQ over 140, making her a near genius, The word "Fck" is used 144 times in the South Park Movie including other 399 swear words 

The world's most venomous living creature, Box Jellyfish has 24 eyes and 4 brains 

A Gorilla named Koko was taught sign language, lied to trainers by blaming the pet kitten after tearing down a metal sink out of the wall. 

Usain bolt ate chicken nuggets before becoming the world's fastest man in 2008 -- Broke world record in 100m Run in Beijing Olympics., Because the studio expected it to bomb, the budget of 'Casablanca' was so low that the plane used in the background is a cardboard cutout 

The stabbing sound the knife makes in the shower scene in 'Psycho' is in fact the sound of a knife stabbing a melon 

Tip is an acronym for 'to insure promptness'--and once upon a time was given in advance. 

Washington State's 1st name was COLUMBIA. It was changed to avoid CONFUSION with Washington D.C.!, Kim Kardashian, notoriously known for her big booty, is actually spokesperson for a toilet paper company 

Nikola Tesla, a Serbian-American inventor got curious and interested to learn about electricity after receiving a static shock from his cat. 

When Jerry Seinfeld was in his late 30s, his girlfriend Shoshanna Lonstein was a 17 year old high school student 

"And Then There Were None" the best selling detective novel of all time was initially published under the title "Ten Little Ns"., Don't judge me until you know me. Don't underestimate me until you challenge me. And don't talk about me until you talk to me 

The first man to survive going over Niagara Falls later died from slipping on an orange peel. 

Anatidaephobia is the fear that somewhere in the world, there is a duck watching you. 

When a male honey bee climaxes during sex, his testicles explode and he dies, Intellectuals solve problems; geniuses prevent them. = Albert Einstein 

Alaska has the same amount of roads, 5200 miles, as Vt, even if Alaska is 62 times larger in size 

The larges Tital Wave in Alaska was 1720 feet high, 50 x larger than the recent Tital wave in japan 

the most populare men size shoe is 10.5, for womany size 8 . to help us walk 7000 feet a day, on average, The 3rd US President, Thomas Jefferson kept 2 pet Grizzly Bears at the White House 


Andy Warhol, an American artist, made a film “Blow Job” which was one continuos shot of a man's face receiving oral sex for 35 minutes. 


IBM has created a 120,000,000 gigabytes hard drive and it could easily store the whole of the internet in it 


An iPhone case that looks like a sushi plate... and then one that cost $116,000! Would you use these cases? Pics: http://bit.ly/MrPqhJ#Sp, Espirit d'escalier" is a French word for when you think of that perfect verbal comeback, but you're too late to use it 

Research at Essex University discovered teens who have never smoked, nor drank alcohol were 4 to 6 times more likely to be happier 

The average person looks at their phone 150 times a day 

'Eeny, Meeny, Miny, Moe...' originally had a RACIAL SLUR in it!, Anywhere I see suffering, that is where I want to be, doing what I can. = Princess Diana 

To love another person is to see the face of God. = Victor Hugo 

Blessedness is not the reward of virtue, but virtue itself. = Benedictus de Spinoza 

It is us today. It will be you tomorrow. = Haile Selassie I, Marvin Gaye gave his father the GUN that later KILLED him as a Christmas gift! 

The 1st thing Buzz Aldrin did on the MOON was take COMMUNION. NASA kept it a secret so they wouldn’t be sued 

Do you LIKE pie for breakfast the day after Thanksgiving?

453 piercings have been placed on the body of the "World's Most Pierced Man" and 278 of those are on his testicles and penis., Thanksgiving is the day with the lowest porn viewing rates. 

Mary Jane was actually killed by Spiderman’s radioactive semen in the comics. 

Abraham Lincoln suffered from depression -- He was scared to carry knives because he was afraid he'd kill himself. 

The founding fathers of the U.S. (George Washington and Thomas Jefferson) actually grew marijuana, The Italian saying of "You can't have your cake and eat it too" is "you want your bottle full of wine and your wife drunk." 

Every gun that is made, every warship , every rocket signifies, a theft from those who are not fed,those who are not clothed. = D.Eisenhower 

I notice even people who claim everything is predestined, and that we can do nothing new, look before they cross the road. = Stephen Hawking 

Those that fail to learn from history, are doomed to repeat it. = Winston Churchill, Friendships tend to have greater health effects on the lives women than men. 

Gossiping has positive effects on women -- It elevates levels of progesterone, a hormone that reduces stress and feels good 

Globophobia is the fear of balloons. 

"Shlimazl" is a Yiddish word for a person who has nothing but bad luck, Children view gifted boys as VERY popular while gifted girls are among the LEAST popular! 

60% of college kids are WOMEN. Every state EXCEPT UTAH has MORE girls than guys in college 

One in every eight American workers has been employed by McDonald's 

Sweet yellow bananas are actually a mutant strain that was discovered in 1836, If you do an account search for “huge idiot” on Twitter, Donald Trump and Mitt Romney are within the top 5 results 

You have a greater chance of catching the flu if you’re in college! 

55% of all Americans have allergies! Here’s how you can fight them! 

Dogs can produce about 10 different vocal sounds. Cats can produce over 100., Thanksgiving is the day with the lowest porn viewing rates. 

Mary Jane was actually killed by Spiderman’s radioactive semen in the comics. 

Abraham Lincoln suffered from depression -- He was scared to carry knives because he was afraid he'd kill himself. 

The founding fathers of the U.S. (George Washington and Thomas Jefferson) actually grew marijuana, Out of all animals on earth only kangaroos don't fart." 

The first pilgrims ate lobster, seals, and swan at the first Thanksgiving ever celebrated” well I'll be damned 

The custom of brides carrying a bouquet with them was initially done to hide their body odor on wedding day. 

The North American lottery system makes about $70 billion every year -- More than the movie, music and porn industry combined., Daniel Radcliffe is a RECOVERING alcoholic! 

The highest scoring three letter word in Scrablle is 'zax,' which is a tool for cutting and trimming roof slates 

Paul Newman got KICKED OUT of Ohio U when he rolled a BEER KEG and hit the president's CAR! 

Of the 102 people on the Mayflower, 13 of them were named John, The tradition of men walking on the right side of women is such, so that they can easily pull out swords in case of a sudden attack. 

Research shows that after the age of 90 the aging process stops, which means that a 100 year old is less likely to die than a 91 years old. 

You’re as much as eight times more likely to be happier if you cuddle regularly with your partner. 

Although women heart beats faster than men but when men and women achieve orgasm the heart beat of both synchronizes at 140 beats per minute, NHL cancels more games .  stays black. 

Tony Romo participated in Black Friday , as his passing was 50% off 

The largest pumpkin pie weighs (3,699 lb) and was made by New Bremen Giant Pumpkin Growers (USA) at New Bremen Pumpkinfest in New Bremen 

The fastest time to carve a #turkey is 3min 19.47sec, achieved by Paul Kelly at Little Claydon Farm, Essex, UK, After oral sex if a woman secretly uses a man's semen to impregnate herself, the man is even then legally obliged to pay child support 

People with initials that spell out GOD or ACE are likely to live longer than people whose initials spell out words like APE, PIG, or RAT

Originally, in the story of Little Red Riding Hood, the wolf and the girl eat the flesh of the grandmother together 

You burn the same number of calories by laughing 100 times a day as you would from 10 minutes of rowing or 15 minutes of bike riding, Breaking: Woman invents "male enhancement" pill that reminds men to pick their clothes up off the floor and put the toilet seat down. 

BREAKING: It's been confirmed that a girl was seen eating a meal without posting the picture to Instagram 

Breaking(NJ): Man forgets to bring smart phone into bathroom with him. Sources tell us he was forced to read tissue box and Febreze can 

Woody Johnson spotted in line this morning at a COACH outlet store, It has been statistically proven that 70% of the people, who are already depressed, tend to listen to sad songs to “torture themselves 

You can reduce the pain from a headache by rubbing a cut lime on your forehead 

Shedding tears from the eyes of newborn babies isn’t possible as tears can’t be created or released until the baby is three weeks old. 

Every time you type “Who’s the cutest” into Google's search bar and press the “I’m feeling lucky” button, Google will say ‘You are!”, If you're not wearing sweatpants for Thanksgiving dinner, you're doing it all wrong. 

Leading scientists agree. Today feels like a Sunday. 

Tony Romo once tried to make a pass at a woman at a bar but kept on hitting on the guy next to her instead 

Breaking: Best Buy changing its name to SmackDown, If you type “http://Stanfordrejects.com ” in your browser, the browser will automatically take you to the “http://Berkeley.edu 


King Fatefehi of Tonga deflowered 7 virgins every day for 14 staright years! That totals to 37,800 virgins 


http://pornfortheblind.org is a porn website for blind folks. 


Blue colored ink has a much better response to your memory and you’re more likely to remember what you’ve written with it than without, Video Games have proven to be more effective at overcoming depression in teens than counselling has been 

McDonald's sells more than 75 burgers every second. 

Shakespeare was the first person in history to use the letter “U” as a substitute for the word “you 

Scientists concluded that the chicken came first not the egg: because the protein which makes egg shells is only produced by hens, Video Games have proven to be more effective at overcoming depression in teens than counselling has been 

McDonald's sells more than 75 burgers every second. 

Shakespeare was the first person in history to use the letter “U” as a substitute for the word “you 

Scientists concluded that the chicken came first not the egg: because the protein which makes egg shells is only produced by hens, Harry Potter’s name refers to a “potter’s field,” which is a cemetery in which people of unknown identity or the very poor are buried 

Girls between the ages of 14-17 text on average, 100 times a day 

The average internet user watches 186 videos every month. 

Chicken McNuggets, the Wendy’s Grilled Chicken Sandwich and KFC Grilled Chicken Sandwich all contain portion of beef, Every day, about 200 million couples make love, 400,000 babies are born, and 140,000 people die. 

German researchers state that a person's risk of a heart attack is highest on Mondays. 

smile becouse Every two thousand frowns creates one brow wrinkle 

Whitney Houston was buried with $500,000 dollars worth of clothes and jewelry, The act of estimating a woman’s beauty based on the size of her chest is called colposinquanonia 

The average Facebook user has 130 friends 

21% of people feel it's okay to break up over Facebook 

Syngenesophobia is the fear of relatives, The act of estimating a woman’s beauty based on the size of her chest is called colposinquanonia 

The average Facebook user has 130 friends 

21% of people feel it's okay to break up over Facebook 

Syngenesophobia is the fear of relatives, Daniel Craig (James Bond) actually has a phobia of handguns. 

How To Watch Television, Learning From YouTube and Arguing with Judge Judy” are real college classes 

The first recorded use of “OMG” was in a letter to Winston Churchill written in 1917 

A proper handshake should last for about three seconds, Actor Michael Chiklis went BALD at 20 because of theatre MAKEUP 


Ringxiety or is described by experts as a "psycho-acoustic phenomenon" when you hear or feel your cell phone ringing when it's not. 


There’s a company that lets you rent grandmas! http://bit.ly/xdBWt7 


Snoop Dogg released a smoke-able book called “Rolling Words” - You can tear the pages out and use them as rolling paper, The state of Florida is bigger than England! 

You can give change for a dollar in 293 different coin variations 

80% of Soviet males BORN in 1923 died in WWII! 

The crowd who saw the first GUILLOTINE beheading thought it was too BORING! They wanted hangings back, A group of geese on the ground is a gaggle, a group of geese in the air is a skein! 

Whale oil was used in automobile transmissions as late as 1973 

Basketball great Wilt Chamberlain never fouled out of a game 

Most dust particles in your house are made from dead skin, Crayola is a French word that means 'Oily chalk.'" 

In the U.S., more than 10% of lottery prizes go unclaimed! 

New Zealand is the first country to allow women to vote. 

The world's tallest snowman was created in Bethel, Maine in 2008. It measured in at 122 feet / 1 inch and weighed 13,000,000 lbs., Goat's milk is used more widely throughout the world than cow's milk 

There are 635,013,559,599 possible hands in a game of bridge. 

A sneeze can travel as fast as 100 miles per hour. 

Approximately 60% of the water used by households during the summer is used for watering flowers and lawns., A million dollars weighs about a metric ton. Hence the expression "a ton of money." 

One of every 8 married couples in the US last year met online. 

Englishmen drink more tea than any person of any other nation (over twenty times more than Americans) 

The United kingdom eats more cans of baked beans than the rest of the world combined, Just one in three consumers pays off his or her credit card bill every month 

In Australia, Burger King is called Hungry Jack's. 

Rubberbands last longer when refrigerated. 

The abbreviation Xmas isn't irreligious. The letter X is a Greek abbreviation for Christ, The Titanic was the first ship to use the SOS signal 

The blesbok, a South African antelope, is almost the same color as grapejuice! It takes 

3,000 cows to supply the NFL with enough leather for a year's supply of footballs. 

Attics were invented in Attica., If Manhattan had the same population density as Alaska, there would only be 15 people living there. 

To find out if a watermelon is ripe, knock it, and if it sounds hollow then it is ripe. 

The average person in their lifetime will spend an estimated 20,160 minutes kissing! 

Pageant Models often smear Vaseline on their teeth so their lips won't stick when smiling, Midgets and dwarfs almost always have normal sized children. 

Car airbags kill 1 person for every 22 lives that they save 

During his lifetime, Herman Melville's Moby Dick sold only 50 copies. 

Outside of the bedroom, the most common place for adults in the U.S. to have sex is the car., According to a 1950s survey, 75% of men ejaculate within two minutes of penetration 

Only female bees work. 

At 120 miles per hour, a Formula One car generates so much downforce that it can drive upside down on the roof of a tunnel 

Redheads require more anesthesia to 'go under' than other hair colors do, One in 500 humans has one blue eye and one brown eye 

In 1954, Bob Hawke was immortalized by the Guinness Book of Records for chugging 2.5 pints of beer in 12 seconds 

Because metal was scarce; the Oscars given out during World War II were made of plaster 

The Dallas/Ft. Worth airport is larger than New York City's Manhattan Island., At horse race tracks, the favorite wins fewer than 30% of the time! 

The Stanley Cup originally was only seven and a half inches high. 

First aid training is mandatory in order to obtain a driver's license in Germany 

The average company saves over $7,000 for each employee suggestion that is enacted!, Al Capone died in prison from syphillis - despite being the first sufferer to be treated with antibiotics!

 
If a car is travelling at 55 miles per hour it will travel 56 feet before the driver can shift his foot from the accelerator to the brake 

The names of Popeye's four nephews are Pipeye, Peepeye, Pupeye, and Poopeye! 

Every workday, 6.7 million people commute to Manhattan!, 72% of Americans sign their pets' names on greeting cards they send out 

We forget 80 percent of what we learn everyday 

80% of Publishers' Clearing House $10 million winners did not purchase any magazine subscriptions! 

The American Automobile Association was founded for the sole purpose of warning motorists of police speed traps!, Malcolm X's original name is Malcolm Little 

One in three dog owners say they have talked to their pets on the phone 

Less than 10% of criminals commit about 67% of all crime 

In the film Forrest Gump, all the still photos show Forrest with his eyes closed, John Quincy Adams, sixth president of the United States, loved to skinny dip in the Potomac River 

The Dvorak keyboard is more efficient than QWERTY. 20 times faster, in fact 

The Honourable Company of Edinburgh Golfers founded in 1744, is the world's oldest golf club! 

There are more female than male millionaires in the United States, In the year 2000, Pope John Paul II was named an 'Honorary Harlem Globetrotter 

The Titanic is about as long as the Empire State building is tall 

Marilyn Monroe had six toes on one foot. 

There are over 87,000 Americans on waiting lists for organ transplants, Mark Twain didn't graduate from elementary school. 

Dogs can be trained to identify the scent of lung cancer long before symptoms develop 

Only eight men were killed in the battle of lexington! 

According to U.S. laws, a beer commercial can never show a person actually drinking, The strength of early lasers was measured in Gillettes, the number of blue razor blades a given beam could puncture 

In 1998, more fast-food employees were murdered on the job than police officers 

160 cars can drive side by side on the Monumental Axis in Brazil, the world's widest road 

Soldiers from every country salute with their right hand, The company that manufactures the greatest number of women's dresses each year is Mattel. Barbie's got to wear something 

George Washington spent about 7% of his annual salary on liquor 

Nearly one third of New York City public school teachers send their own children to private schools 

Al Gore's roommate in college (Harvard, class of 1969) was Tommy Lee Jones, At General Motors, the cost of health care for employees now exceeds the cost of steel. 

Pain is measured in units of "dols". The instrument used to measure pain is a "dolorimeter". 

Ted Turner owns 5% of New Mexico 

If you stretch a standard Slinky out flat it measures 87 feet long, Most of the deck chairs on the Queen Mary 2 have had to be replaced because overweight Americans were breaking them 

90% of Canada's 31,000,000 citizens live within 100 miles of the U.S. border 

About 20% of gift cards never are redeemed at the full value of the card. 

In 2004, Virgin Atlantic Airlines introduced a double bed for first class passengers who fly together., G-rated family films earn more money than any other rating. Yet only 3% of Hollywood's output is G-rated 

1.5 million Americans are charged with drunk driving each year 

The Washington Times newspaper is owned by the Rev. Sun Myung Moon 

The busiest shopping hour of the holiday season is between 3:00 pm and 4:00 pm on Christmas Eve, Gerald Ford once worked as a cover model for Cosmopolitan magazine 

82% of Americans made a purchase at Wal-Mart in 2002 

For the first time in history, the number of people on the planet aged 60 or over will soon surpass those under 5. 

World War II veterans are now dying at the rate of about 1,100 each day, Legislators in Santa Fe, New Mexico, are considering a law that would require pets to wear seat belts when traveling in a car 

Jimmy Carter once reported a UFO in Georgia 

The time spent deleting SPAM costs United States businesses $21.6 billion annually 

41% of Chinese people eat at least once a week at a fast food restaurant. 35% of Americans do, Two-thirds of the world's eggplant is grown in New Jersey. 

Montpelier, Vermont is the only state capitol without a McDonald's. 

The little hole in the sink that lets the water drain out, instead of flowing over the side, is called a "porcelator." 

65% of Elvis impersonators are of Asian descent, According to market research firm NPD Fashionworld, fifty percent of all lingerie purchases are returned to the store 

A snowflake can take up to a hour to fall from the cloud to the surface of the Earth. 

The only people whose likenesses adorn Pez dispensers are Betsy Ross and Paul Revere. 

There is a Starbucks in Myungdong, South Korea that is five stories tall, Time for NFL Football and Free Pizza
 
 
 
 FaceBook the Correct score of any NFL football game tommorw and win a Free cheese Pizza
 
 
 
“ Pack X, Gman Y, Give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza,
 
 
 
One guess , per game, per customer. All guesses must be in before game starts, You can keep your scalp and hair strong and cleaner if you add vodka to your shampoo and apply it during a bath 

A “glowing” effect on a woman’s face can be seen when she makes contact with a male because of the significant rise in her body temperature. 

You are more likely to get mugged or even killed if you carry around an iPod, iPhone or any other Apple product

There is a bar in London that sells vaporized vodka, which is inhaled instead of sipped, For almost 73 years from 1886 to 1959, the price of a bottle of coke in the US, was a nickel (5 US cents). 

For $68, you can actually by a condom from the Louis Vuitton collection 

Tik-Tok”, one of the first songs by Ke$ha, outsold any of the singles from the entire albums of The Beatles 

Scientific research has shown that a woman is more likely to commit suicide if she has breast implants., The richest man ever lived John D. Rockefeller had a fortune of $663,400,000,000 in today's money 

Almost 60 percent of all the terrorists are engineering graduates 

A man named Winter, has visited and drank coffee from 11,000 Starbucks stores around the world 

Tupac Shakur's album "Me Against the World" was #1 on the Billboard charts making him the first artist to accomplish this while in prison, William Faulkner once worked as a rum runner to make money because no one would publish his novels 

mj was forced to wear number 12 after # 23 jersey was stolen in Orlando, in 1990.MJ vowed to never again sign autographs in Orlando. 

In his career with six NBA championships, Michael and his team never once allowed their NBA finals competitors to reach a game 7 

According to a recent research done on 16000 women, the more curvy a woman, the more intelligent she is, 80% of Soviet males BORN in 1923 died in WWII! 

The crowd who saw the first GUILLOTINE beheading thought it was too BORING! They wanted hangings back 

Actor Michael Chiklis went BALD at 20 because of theatre MAKEUP 

When George W. Bush took office, they found the CLINTON Admin removed all 'W's from KEYBOARDS, Time for NFL Football and Free Pizza
 
 
 
 FaceBook the Correct score of any NFL football game tommorw and win a Free cheese Pizza
 
 
 
“ Pack X, Gman Y, Give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza,
 
 
 
One guess , per game, per customer. All guesses must be in before game starts, Basketball great Wilt Chamberlain never fouled out of a game 

Most dust particles in your house are made from dead skin 

The state of Florida is bigger than England! 

You can give change for a dollar in 293 different coin variations, New Zealand is the first country to allow women to vote. 

The world's tallest snowman was created in Bethel, Maine in 2008. It measured in at 122 feet / 1 inch and weighed 13,000,000 lbs. 

A group of geese on the ground is a gaggle, a group of geese in the air is a skein! 

Whale oil was used in automobile transmissions as late as 1973, Approximately 60% of the water used by households during the summer is used for watering flowers and lawns. 

A sneeze can travel as fast as 100 miles per hour 

Crayola is a French word that means 'Oily chalk.'" 

In the U.S., more than 10% of lottery prizes go unclaimed!, The United kingdom eats more cans of baked beans than the rest of the world combined 

Goat's milk is used more widely throughout the world than cow's milk 

There are 635,013,559,599 possible hands in a game of bridge. 

A sneeze can travel as fast as 100 miles per hour, The abbreviation Xmas isn't irreligious. The letter X is a Greek abbreviation for Christ 

A million dollars weighs about a metric ton. Hence the expression "a ton of money." 

One of every 8 married couples in the US last year met online. 

Englishmen drink more tea than any person of any other nation (over twenty times more than Americans), Attics were invented in Attica. 

Just one in three consumers pays off his or her credit card bill every month 

In Australia, Burger King is called Hungry Jack's. 

Rubberbands last longer when refrigerated, Pageant Models often smear Vaseline on their teeth so their lips won't stick when smiling 

The Titanic was the first ship to use the SOS signal 

The blesbok, a South African antelope, is almost the same color as grapejuice! 

It takes 3,000 cows to supply the NFL with enough leather for a year's supply of footballs, Outside of the bedroom, the most common place for adults in the U.S. to have sex is the car. 

If Manhattan had the same population density as Alaska, there would only be 15 people living there. 

To find out if a watermelon is ripe, knock it, and if it sounds hollow then it is ripe. 

The average person in their lifetime will spend an estimated 20,160 minutes kissing!, What wisdom can you find greater than kindness. = Jean-Jacques Rousseau

Midgets and dwarfs almost always have normal sized children. 

Car airbags kill 1 person for every 22 lives that they save 

During his lifetime, Herman Melville's Moby Dick sold only 50 copies., If you want to make enemies, try to change something. = Woodrow Wilson 

That government is best which governs not at all. = Henry David Thoreau 

The freedom of speech may be taken away, and dumb and silent we may be led, like sheep to the slaughter. = George Washington 

Ninety per cent of the game is half mental. = Yogi Berra, Perhaps it is impossible for a person who does no good not to do harm. = Harriet Beecher Stowe 

Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. = Confucius 

Do what you can, with what you've got, where you are. = Theodore Roosevelt 

Capital isn't scarce; vision is. -- Sam Walton, The world's most expensive bra is Victoria's Secret "Black Diamond Fantasy Miracle Bra." With 3,726 gems, it costs $5 million USD 

If winning isn't everything, why do they keep score?." -Vince Lombardi 

An eye for an eye leaves the whole world blind. = Mahatma Gandhi 

Happiness does not depend on what you have or who you are, it solely relies on what you think." - Buddha, 90% of all music downloaded on the Internet is illegally copied 

41% of men prefer briefs while 12% say they prefer boxers 

Married men change their underwear twice as often as single men 

Teacher Barbie" was recalled in 1995 by Mattel because her lack of panties caused media controversy., Only female mosquitoes bite - Most male mosquitoes have a lifespan of only 1 week. 

France banned television and radio news anchors from saying “Twitter” and “Facebook” on air 

France has a population of about 65 million people and sees about 79 million tourists every year 

Flo Rida's “Low” has sold 8 million copies – the same as The Beatles' “Hey Jude”, Before Twitter was named “Twitter”, it’s working titles were “Status” and “Twitch 

The average woman walks three more miles on any given day than the average man 

Roughly 12% of the population dreams in black and white 

Men who watch porn more often tend to be more optimistic, A 2010 study concluded that iPhone users have about twice as much sex as Android users 

Nomophobia (no-mobile-phone phobia) is the fear of being without your cellphone or losing your signal 

Jingle Bells was originally a song for Thanksgiving 

The average German eats 114 chocolate bars a year - The average American eats 51, The more you burp, the less you will fart. 

Minnie Mouse’s first name is really Minerva. 

People with higher IQs tend to have a more difficult time falling asleep at night due to increased brain activity 

If ants were the size of humans, they would be able to run twice as fast as a Lamborghini, Most people skip the first slice of bread because it simply looks “ugly” to them 

At any given time, nearly 25% of the world’s population is daydreaming about sex. 

People who regularly play video games are faster at making real-life decisions 

Dolphins have the ability to recognize and admire themselves in the mirror., 10% of people say they text during sex, while 15% say they would answer a phone call mid-sex 

The average person talks 3 times as loud when on a cellphone than with another person 

The average couple does not say ‘I love you” until about 2 months into the relationship. 

We are more attracted to the way a person smells than we are to the way they look, People, on average, will kiss on the second date as opposed to the first. 

Jack Daniel’s last spoken words before he died were “One last drink, please.” 

Pigeons can actually remember humans by face - If you chase one away, it will avoid you during later encounters 

“Inmate-Connections” is a dating site for prisoners, Steve Jobs was the executive producer for Toy Story 

James Bond has killed 150 men and has slept with 44 women since the first movie came out in 1962 

Sony researchers have developed a refrigerator that only opens when you smile. 

Most relationships do not last longer than 5 months, There is no limit to the good you can do if you don't care who gets the credit = George Marshall

The police were called 91 times during the filming of the movie “Borat.” 

Forgiveness is the trait that is most strongly linked to happiness 

Negative emotions are more contagious than positive ones, Fish and visitors stink in three days. = Benjamin Franklin 

Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off the goal. = Henry Ford 

There is no sin except stupidity. = Oscar Wilde 

It is a terrible thing to see and have no vision. = Helen Keller, The life which is unexamined is not worth living. = Socrates 

Be sincere, be brief, be seated. = Franklin D. Roosevelt 

No one will need more than 637 kb of memory for a personal computer. = Bill Gates 

Specialization is for insects. = Robert A. Heinlein, There is no need to stock up on Twinkies when hundreds of them are still intact inside your stomach 

Andy Reid gets wisdom tusks removed 

Wait, peoples be moving from Miami TO Toronto!?" - Chris Bosh 

If you are neutral in situations of injustice, you have chosen the side of the oppressor. = Desmond Tutu, The United States has spent over $985 Billion Dollars on the ''war'' with Iraq. This is enough to wipe out world poverty for 10 years 

There's over 76% chance that if you're 16 and older, you've already met the person you will marry 

At exactly 12 mins, 12 seconds after 12 o clock on December 12th, the time will be 12:12:12, 12/12/12. This'll not happen again before 2112 

Psychological studies suggest, that when you can't stop thinking of someone, it's more likely because they are thinking about you as well, Human semen contains Selenium, a powerful cancer fighting agent and direct exposure to semen reduces the risk of breast cancer by 60% 

If you lick someone's elbow while they're not paying attention, they won't know/feel it 

If you search 'askew' in Google search, the page will tilt slightly clockwise 

82% of women like men in pink T-Shirt. But ironically, 82% of men in pink T-Shirt don't like women., Romo is pissed about Matt Barkley ripping off his style. 

woman's appetite is twice that of a man's; sexual desire, 4 times; intelligence, 8 times! 

'Chuck Norris' was born May 6,1945. The Nazis surrendered May 7, 1945. Coincidence! 

When a man stares at another woman for longer than 8 secs, he wishes she were his, Nuclear submarine MICS can hear SHRIMP chewing food from 300 feet away! 

Browns say their offense would totally take advantage of having insight into Rob Ryan's defense, if they actually had an offense 

Kiffen loses to UCLA, he will be calling Mike Brown for references 

Jets say they aren't interested in McNabb, which is like getting rejected by the only girl left at the bar during garbage time, There are TWICE as many Online college students than the 20-largest on campus colleges! 

Over 3 million people globally every month search for something online with the words "interesting facts" in it 

The largest milk producing country by volume in the whole world is India. 

Australia has the LARGEST population of CAMELS in the world!, Only 25% of babies are born on the day that was predicted by the doctor or midwife 

Babies are born without kneecaps. They do not appear until the child reaches 2-6 years of age 

You can avoid sinking in quicksand by lying on your back and slowly raising your legs 

Claudette Colvin resisted SEGREGATION 9 months before Rosa Parks, It is a common that a problem difficult at night is resolved in the morning after the committee of sleep has worked on it. = John Steinbeck 

There is nothing impossible to those willing to try. = Alexander the Great 

All that glisters is not gold. = William Shakespeare 

Even a paranoid can have enemies. = Henry Kissinger, He who is not satisfied with a little, is satisfied with nothing. = Epicurus 

a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world ... Indeed, it's the only thing that ever has. = Margaret Mead 

Politics is the second oldest profession. I have come to realize that it bears a very close resemblance to the first. = Ronald Reagan 

Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world. = Nelson Mandela, You will not enter paradise until you have faith. And you will not complete your faith until you love one another. = Prophet Mohammed 

Older men declare war. But it is the youth that must fight and die. = Herbert Hoover 

To err is human, to forgive divine. = Alexander Pope 

All the world's a stage, And all the men and women merely players. = William Shakespeare, formula 1 has 3 times the revenu of sprint nascar 

IKEA had the 1st US commercial with a GAY couple. They pulled it due to BOMB THREATS! 

If you RECYCLE a water bottle with the CAP ON, the recycling company will just THROW it away! 

All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others. = George Orwell, Too often we enjoy the comfort of opinion without the discomfort of thought. ~John F. Kennedy 

Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about." -Marilyn Monroe 

It doesn't matter if a cat is black or white, so long as it catches mice." -Deng Xiaoping 

You can make mistakes, but you aren't a failure until you start blaming others for those mistakes. — John Wooden, it's never too late - never too late to start over, never too late to be happy. ~@janefonda

Every champion was once a contender that refused to give up." - Rocky Balboa 

When you win, nothing hurts. ~Joe Namath 

Hold a true friend with both hands, "Be like melting snow -- wash yourself of yourself." ~Rumi 

"Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance." ~ Confucius 

Even if you are on the right track, you will get run over if you just sit there. — Will Rogers 

No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted." -Aesop, people want peace so much that one of these days governments had better get out of the way and let them have it. = Dwight Eisenhower 

Breaking: Chris Christie declares Hostess closing a state of emergency 

Dolphins/Bills -- Still better than Twilight, There is no sin except stupidity. = Oscar Wilde 

It is a terrible thing to see and have no vision. = Helen Keller 

There is no limit to the good you can do if you don't care who gets the credit = George Marshall 

Rex Ryan will take some time away from the Jets to mourn the loss of his best friend and closest confidant. #TwinkiesRIP, No one will need more than 637 kb of memory for a personal computer. = Bill Gates 

Specialization is for insects. = Robert A. Heinlein 

Fish and visitors stink in three days. = Benjamin Franklin 

Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off the goal. = Henry Ford, Wait, peoples be moving from Miami TO Toronto!?" - Chris Bosh 

If you are neutral in situations of injustice, you have chosen the side of the oppressor. = Desmond Tutu 

The life which is unexamined is not worth living. = Socrates 

Be sincere, be brief, be seated. = Franklin D. Roosevelt, At exactly 12 mins, 12 seconds after 12 o clock on December 12th, the time will be 12:12:12, 12/12/12. This'll not happen again before 2112 

Psychological studies suggest, that when you can't stop thinking of someone, it's more likely because they are thinking about you as well 

There is no need to stock up on Twinkies when hundreds of them are still intact inside your stomach 

Andy Reid gets wisdom tusks removed, If you search 'askew' in Google search, the page will tilt slightly clockwise 

82% of women like men in pink T-Shirt. But ironically, 82% of men in pink T-Shirt don't like women. 

The United States has spent over $985 Billion Dollars on the ''war'' with Iraq. This is enough to wipe out world poverty for 10 years 

There's over 76% chance that if you're 16 and older, you've already met the person you will marry, 'Chuck Norris' was born May 6,1945. The Nazis surrendered May 7, 1945. Coincidence! 

When a man stares at another woman for longer than 8 secs, he wishes she were his 

Human semen contains Selenium, a powerful cancer fighting agent and direct exposure to semen reduces the risk of breast cancer by 60% 

If you lick someone's elbow while they're not paying attention, they won't know/feel it, Which war weapon was named Humpty Dumpty? cannon 

What illness inspired Ring Around the Rosie? bubonic plague 

In Cinderella mouse ears appear as the bubbles float by, as Cinderella sings "Sing Sweet Nightingale." Disney likes hiding mouse ears

woman's appetite is twice that of a man's; sexual desire, 4 times; intelligence, 8 times!, Jeffrey Loria 1) Ruined the Expos 2) Ruining the Marlins 3) Someone sell him the Jets and put his skills to good use 

Tebow tells God to forgive his teammates, for they know not what they say, but God replied that he thought they pretty much nailed it. 

Doctors say part of Roethlisberger's physical therapy for strength recovery will be shoulder-butting bathroom stall doors 

Rex Ryan says it's cowardly to criticize others anonymously, wants person sticking Post-It notes on his pants saying "Wide Load" identified, It's only been a few days, but I'm starting to forget everything I knew about Mitch Romley 

The Seahawks said they beat the Jets by finding Mark Sanchez's weakness......football 

Business: AT&T changing the name of its cellular division to MySpace Wireless 

8 minutes into sixth NBA game, Michael Kidd-Gilchrist becomes Bobcats all-time leading scorer, It is precisely facts that do not exist, only interpretations. = Friedrich Nietzsche 

If God did not exist, it would be necessary to invent him. = Voltaire 

If you want to make enemies, try to change something. = Woodrow Wilson 

How many roads must a man walk down before you call him a man? = Bob Dylan, What wisdom can you find greater than kindness. = Jean-Jacques Rousseau 

Thou shouldst eat to live; not live to eat. = Socrates 

The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. = Eleanor Roosevelt 

That government is best which governs not at all. = Henry David Thoreau, A Dutch man at the age of 32 began a free "baby making" service and in 9 years time he has 82 children spread around the globe. 

To say that Oprah isn't a fan of people chewing gum is a bit of an understatement. Watching people chomp away actually disgusts her 

Prisoners in Guantanamo bay are given McDonald’s Happy Meals if they cooperate with the interrogations 

If stuck in a traffic jam in Beijing, you can pay a service $60 for to be rescued on a motorbike, while someone else drives your car home!, Kellogg cereal was an attempt to provide an alternative food to meat and to create something that would stop people from masturbating 

When an ant dies it gives a special odor to indicate to other ants that it is dead an then taken to a graveyard 

A flame can be extinguished by a powerful song. However, scientists don’t understand how 

Blue eyes originated 6,000 to 10,000 years ago as a result of a genetic mutation prior to which all humans had brown eyes, In the game Assassin's Creed 3, all the victims, their location and time of death are inspired by the deaths of real people 

The world largest brothel worth $12.2 million, is being built in Australia, named the “Super Brothel 

Scientist Niels Bohr had a pipeline running straight from the Carlsberg brewing company to his house to have a never-ending supply of beer 

The number of slaves present today exceeds 27 million, which is the highest number ever in the human history, Three can keep a secret, if two of them are dead. = Benjamin Franklin 

That which does not kill us makes us stronger. = Fredrich Nietzsche 

The South African version of Sesame Street has a character who is HIV+ and it educates the children about danger of AIDS and STDs 

The chemical composition of tears you shed when you are heart broken is different from other types of tears., A narcissist is someone better looking than you are. = Gore Vidal 

Lesser artists borrow; great artists steal. = Pablo Picasso 

All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing. = Edmond Burke 

Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened. = Dr. Seuss, Fear cannot be without hope nor hope without fear. = Benedict de Spinoza 

That's one small step for [a] man, one giant leap for mankind. = Neil Armstrong 

the best fiction is far more true than any kind of journalism. = Hunter S. Thompson 

life is either a daring adventure or nothing = Helen Keller, In 'The Deer Hunter' a scene showed a REAL RUSSIAN ROULETTE game! 

To support the 2007 writers strike, Steve Carell called in SICK with a case of enlarged balls! 

Bamboo leaves contain up to 15% protein 

I appear to be wiser than he, because I do not fancy I know what I do not know. = Plato, Clarence Birdseye invented the frozen food industry in the late 1920s when he discovered how to freeze food without ruining its flavor 

Certain scents can help you fall asleep. According to a recent study, the most effective aroma is jasmine 

Every year more than 100,000 US drivers crash their cars because they fall asleep at the wheel 

Flamin' Hot Cheetos are sending KIDS to the ER!, The earth's crust contains more aluminum than any other metallic element 

People believe that Lucky Strikes are called so because you'll find a POT joint every once in a while! 

Target has their own forensics lab that helps SOLVE CRIME and helps the POLICE 

The way Brad Pitt TALKED in 12 Monkeys was a result of the director taking AWAY his cigarettes, Lost your WALLET at New York City? There is an 82 % chance of getting it BACK
In the 1st draft of Back to the Future II, Marty went to the 60s to meet Doc Brown on an acid-trip 

Seattleites buy more sunglasses per capita than any other city in the nation 

The "Historic Route 66" begins in Chicago at Grant Park on Adams Street in front of the, Michael Vick still not heeding warnings to stop diving ego first

In Cinderella mouse ears appear as the bubbles float by, as Cinderella sings "Sing Sweet Nightingale." Disney likes hiding mouse ears 

The largest pumpkin weighed 377 pounds 

Leukemia kills MORE children every year than any other disease!, The best way out is always through. = Robert Frost 

Bobby Petrino expresses interest in Kentucky Football coaching job and 4 Kentucky women's volleyball players 

Eagles-Cowboys game has made it 2 minutes without an interception. Vegas is pissed 

Eli Manning is still looking at things, but none of them are wins, The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool. = William Shakespeare 

Earth provides enough to satisfy every man's need, but not every man's greed. = Mahatma Gandhi 

Blood alone moves the wheels of history. = Benito Mussolini 

The secret of life is honesty and fair dealing. If you can fake that, you've got it made. = Groucho Marx, Studies show that living abroad, drinking vodka and meditation can all make you more creative 

Jaleel White, the actor who played Steve Urkel, was also the voice of “Sonic The Hedgehog.” 

Pocahontas was 11 years old when she met John Smith - He was 28 

We may have all come on different ships, but we're in the same boat now. = Martin Luther King, Research suggests that pretending not to miss someone actually tricks our mind into focusing on and missing them more 

Male dolphins flaunt their authority by forcefully raping other male dolphins 

In the 1950’s, people laughed an average of 18 minutes a day - Currently, we laugh an average of 4-6 minutes a day 

Women tend to take longer when making decisions, but are more likely to stick with them as opposed to men., There is a magazine catered for Catholic Priests and Deacons - It’s called “The Swag 

Cheerleading accounts for more athletic injuries than any other sport - Averaging a total of 20,000 to 30,000 a year 

Judge Judy is one of the highest paid television personalities - She earns about $43 million a year 

By the time we die, we will have spent over 6 years of our lives dreaming things we can’t remember after we wake up, McRibs contain azodicarbonamide, an ingredient also used to make yoga mats 

Call Of Duty: Black Ops, is the best selling video game of all time - Followed by The Sims for PC 

Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia" is the fear of long words 

At birth, a baby panda is smaller than a mouse!, It’s possible to get a job as a sex toy tester! 

Time” is the most commonly used noun in the English language 

After only being in existence for 5 years, the iPhone is the second best selling product of all time - the 1st is the Rubik’s Cube. 

Hitler was a vegetarian and was strongly against animal cruelty, If it takes you less than 5 minutes to fall asleep, you are most likely sleep deprived - It should take 7 to 10 minutes on an average night 

The average American consumes about 53 gallons of soda every year 

The average U.S. woman is 5’4” and weighs 140 pounds - The average model is 5’11” and weighs 117 pounds. 

The average NFL game features only 10 minutes and 43 seconds of action - The rest are commercials, replays and commentary, The 1st man to compare cheeks of a young woman to a rose was obviously a poet; the 1st to repeat it was possibly an idiot. = Salvador Dali 

Gaylord” is another term that can be used for a large shipping box 

About 40 million people in the United States have medical conditions that marijuana can help treat 

American’s spend about $100 million on astrology every year!, Each time a man stands up for an ideal, or strikes out against injustice, he sends forth a tiny ripple of hope. = Robert F. Kennedy 

I know nothing save the fact of my own ignorance. = Socrates 

The secret of life is honesty and fair dealing. If you can fake that, you've got it made. = Groucho Marx 

Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results. = Albert Einstein, Once when hiding in a farm, Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar burned about $2 million cash in a bonfire to save his daughter from the cold. 

Art is a lie that makes us realize the truth. = Pablo Picasso 

I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past. = Thomas Jefferson 

Being powerful is like being a lady. If you have to tell people you are, you aren't. = Margaret Thatcher 

It is not the strongest of the species that survives, It is the one that is the most adaptable to change. = Charles Darwin, A cyclist in 1950 took part in the Tour de France and was in 1st place but lost because he drank 2 bottles of wine and went the opposite way 

Mother Nature, or the green Earth as we know it, is slowly turning into a desert at a rate of about 40 square miles a day. 

A spinal implant for women called the osgasmatron, gives orgasms whenever the user demands1h 

One of the many reasons why Jimi Hendrix was discharged from the army was that he was caught masturbating while on duty! 

From a list compiled of the world's safest cities, none of the first 50 are located in the U.S., The person who writes for fools is always sure of a large audience. = Arthur Schopenhauer

The Nazi leader, Hitler, from 1942 until his death in 1945, was addicted to crystal meth 

There exists a book titled “Everything a man knows about women” that has around 100 pages all of which are blank 

Drinking habits and education are directly proportional in women; The more educated a woman is, the more likely she is to drink heavily 

The only time in history, the US was not in debt was in 1835 when Andrew Jackson was President, The inner skin of a banana peel can be used to help whiten your teeth 

Video games are more effective at battling depression than counseling is. 

Hugh Hefner (Founder of Playboy) and George W. Bush are cousins 

Dick Lick Springs” is a town in Arkansas, U.S. 

A person who is strongly attracted to someone’s intelligence is called a “sapiosexual.”, The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits. = Albert Einstein 

I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. = Thomas Edison 

Only the vanquished remember history. = Marshall McLuhan 

Applying Vodka to your face helps to tighten your pores and can reduce the risk of acne breakouts. 

marijuana has been legalized for recreational use in Colorado, It is estimated that Earth’s helium supply will have run out by 2030 and party balloons will cost about $90 

A good traveler has no fixed plans = Lao-Tzu 

Yogurt vodka and pizza beer exists! 

Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. = Mahatma Gandhi 

Holding onto anger is like grasping a hot coal w the intent at throwing it at someone else; u are the one who gets burned. = Gautama Buddha, Lemon Coconut Cupcake $0.99 today while supplies last
Vanilla Cake Filled With Lemon Cream Topped Vanilla Butter Cream And Toasted Coconut, McGwire joins the Dodgers, thanks the Cardinals for being an outstanding rehabilitation facility. 

If God did not exist, it would be necessary to invent him. = Voltaire 

Buttercup (The Powerpuff Girl) and Tommy from the Rugrats were voiced by the same person. 

There is a Moscow Cat Theatre in Russia, where all the performers are cats, University of Colorado football team expects Honey Badger in uniform by lunch 

Colorado announces all Denver Broncos games will now start at 4:20 pm 

NBA Fans in Colorado can now legally smoke a Denver nugget while watching the Denver Nuggets 

Michigan fails to pass proposition to decriminalize the Detroit Lions 

NFL poll names Rex Ryan most overrated head coach, while Andy Reid narrowly beats him out as most overweighted., Andy Reid couldn't decide whether to vote for the left or right Twix, so he flip flopped on his decision until a whole box was gone 

Jerry Jones wrote himself in as president, then appointed himself GM of the electoral college for life 

BREAKING: Michael Vick just got done voting. He voted for a completely new #Eagles offensive line 

America cuts Romney, Jets offer tryout at QB 

Mile High Stadium. Why, yes it is., Titans making the Federal deficit look small. 

Roger Goodell in attendance at Steelers game to make it easier for James Harrison to check in with him on his parole 

Jerry Jones can't see what's going on without a giant screen hanging above the field 

Jerry Jones locked out of locker room last night, just long enough for Dez Bryant to make rope out of jerseys and climb out window

Electoral College ranked dead last in BCS rankings, In Singapore if you do not flush the toilet in public bathrooms after using it, you are punished with a $500 fine 

Babies grow up healthier with dogs in the home 

You can turn Kool-Aid into Gatorade by just adding some salt. 

Sleeping on the left side of the bed makes you more positive and cheerful. 

Daylight could reduce the risk of having a heart attack, The man that got the fastest speeding ticket ever was for driving at a speed of 242 mph. 

Human brain shuts off your vision for very a short time when you move your head quickly just to stop you having a motion blur. 

The reason why Hitler kept a moustache was because he thought his nose looked big without it. 

Snollygoster" is a term used to describe a politician who works for his self interest and not for the people. 

The snow flakes you see in the early movies were actually popcorns, Kindness is a mark of faith, and whoever has not kindness has not faith." Muhammad 

In the depths of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer." Albert Camus 

There actually exist 4 wise monkeys, not 3 wise monkeys, depicting the principles of see no evil, hear no evil, speak no evil, do no evil 

The original thought behind having bridesmaids was to confuse evil spirits so they couldn’t guess who the actual bride was 

The american actress Mila Kunis has a condition called heterochromia in which a person has two different coloured eyes, You can't hate the roots of a tree, and not hate the tree. = Malcom X 

"To love another person is to see the face of God."Victor Hugo 

Ninety per cent of the game is half mental." Yogi Berra 

"Friendship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity." Khalil Gibran 

"Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened." Dr. Seuss, I would trade all of my technology for an afternoon with Socrates. = Steve Jobs 

The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. = Eleanor Roosevelt 

By swallowing evil words unsaid, no one has ever harmed his stomach. ~Winston Churchill" 

Hail Mary Jane: Unprecedented 59% of Americans Support Legalization According to National Survey 

The Bible shows the way to go to heaven, not the way the heavens go. = Galileo Galilei, Anywhere I see suffering, that is where I want to be, doing what I can. = Princess Diana 

Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better, it's not. = Dr. Seuss 

It was the best of times, it was the worst of times ... = Charles Dickens 

A marriage is no amusement but a solemn act, and generally a sad one. = Queen Victoria 

Lesser artists borrow; great artists steal. = Pablo Picasso, All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing. = Edmond Burke 

If you wish to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first invent the universe. = Carl Sagan 

Leadership: The art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it. = Dwight Eisenhower 

Why join the navy if you can be a pirate? = Steve Jobs 

I am, therefore I'll think. = Ayn Rand, Time for NFL Football and Free Pizza
 
 
 
 FaceBook the Correct score of any NFL football game tommorw and win a Free cheese Pizza
 
 
 
“ Pats X, Colts Y, Give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza,
 
 
 
One guess , per game, per customer. All guesses must be in before game starts, Pitt can't get lucky, struggle to have their way with the Catholic school girls, but head home frustrated. 

Oregon issues apology for coming out in the 2nd quarter with same uniforms they wore in the 1st, very embarrassing 

Matt Barkley would easily be the Heisman Trophy favorite if he could face the USC defense a time or two

I want to know God's thoughts... the rest are details. = Albert Einstein 

Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go. = T.S. Elliot, The darker the color of your alcoholic drink, the more likely it is to give you a hangover. 

In 2011, Netflix used 32.7% of America’s entire internet bandwidth. 

There is an annual sex doll race that takes place in Russia - Every year, blow up dolls are ridden like boats 

James Harrison's son fails English test after answering question "What comes after a sentence?" with "An appeal 

MRI reveals Steve Nash's fibula is too old for this shit, Research has shown that people are happiest at 7:26pm on Saturday night! 

People who walk through a doorway during the middle of a task are 3 times as likely to forget what they were doing 

A flock of ravens is called an "unkindness." 

There was a 4th member of the original “Snap, Crackle and Pop” group - It was “Pow.”21% of the South Korean population has the last name “Kim.” 

South Africa has a National Cleavage Day at the beginning of April every year, There is an Indian version of “The Suite Life of Zack and Cody” named “The Suite Life of Karan and Kabir 

GymPact” is an app that pays you for working out and penalizes you for missing days 

Rogue brewers and Voodoo Doughnut manufactured a beer that tastes like bacon and maple syrup 

Mosquitoes prefer biting people who are drunk. 

George Washington had taphephobia and was afraid of being buried alive., When the International Space Station passes over your home, NASA will send you a text message 

Cats do not have sweet taste receptors - They can only taste things that are salty or bitter 

The average American spends about 90% of their time indoors 

Ring Pops were originally invented as a way to stop children from sucking their thumb 

Spaghetti is actually the plural form of the Italian word “spaghetto.”, The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for." - Bob Marley 

Be so good they cannot ignore you." - Steve Martin 

Risks must be taken, because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing." - Leo Buscaglia 

If one does not know to which port one is sailing, no wind is favorable." - Seneca 

Male elephants will often use their penis as a 5th leg to support their weight., People who eat organic foods are 8 times more likely to die of E.Coli than the rest of the population 

Pasta that is sealed in the box can stay fresh for up to 10 years - Open pasta is only good for a few days. 

In 2007, snow tubing and sledding were the causes of more than 160,000 injuries that resulted in emergency room visits 

You could swim a lot faster if you'd let some people off the hook." 

In response to those who say to stop dreaming and face reality, I say keep dreaming and make reality." - Kristian Kan, Coca-Cola is the only company in the U.S. legally allowed to import the coca leave - A primary ingredient in cocaine 

Men are 58% more likely to die from accidental injuries as opposed to women 

The term "meme" is derived from the Greek word meaning "something imitated." 

Breastfeeding burns about 500 calories a day. 

Hoxton Street Monster Supplies is a company that makes salt from human tears, Time for NFL Football and Free Pizza
 
 
 
 FaceBook the Correct score of any NFL football game tommorw and win a Free cheese Pizza
 
 
 
“ Pats X, Colts Y, Give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza,
 
 
 
One guess , per game, per customer. All guesses must be in before game starts, 90% of hardcore gamers are now depicting the characteristics of their virtual world AVATARS in their real lives 

Calvin Broadus got his pseudo ‘Snoop Dogg’ from his mother who loved Snoopy the Dog so much, that she started calling Calvin Snoopy 

According to some archaeologists, Cleopatra wore a gold mask every night to maintain her youthful looking skin. 

Purga’ is a nightclub in Russia that celebrates every day as if it were New Years Eve, with the typical New Years Eve customs and whatnot. 

In order to destroy German tanks, Soviets used suicide bombing dogs that were trained specifically during WW2, Reports: Mark McGwire tells the Cardinals he'll likely join the Dodgers as their hitting and injection coach 

David Ortiz buys a burial plot in Fenway, will exercise his option after 2 years 

Lakers’ locker room chemistry jeopardized by colossal ego of Steve Blake 

Bangkok police arrested a 48 yr old man who broke into homes and stole panties since the last 30 yrs. 11,000 panties were found in his home. 

50 Cent has bet with an unknown lady on Twitter that he’ll put up a picture of himself nude if the N.Y Giants lose the Super Bowl this year, Before WWII, Gandhi wrote an article for Britain, advising them to not fight against Nazis and let them take the possession of England 

The Barenaked Ladies, a Canadian rock band is famous for recording one song from its every album completely naked 

The famous Oprah Winfrey was raped when she was nine years old also got pregnant at the age of 14 

Austin declares war on Philly, unveils giant taco cannon. Andy Reid asks that they please direct the war right at his mouth. 

NHL cancels the Winter Classic for a more contemporary winter" - LA sports media, It was only after the 15th century that the word “girl” meant a female child before that it was used for a young person of either sex. 

The civil war insurgents in Nigeria, in 1967 took a 48 hours break just to a watch Pele play in a football match 

The initial recipe of 7up used to contain lithium, a drug used to stabilize mood and cure depression 

A highly motivating factor behind the high suicide rate in Japan is that the families get insurance money even if you commit suicide. 

The legendary Egyptian Pharaoh, King Tutankhamun, had a family of 5 sisters, of which one of them was also his mother!, One can hire a girlfriend on Facebook and get them to write anything on your wall for only $5. 

The correct plural of penis is "Penes" not penises in English language 

It is believed that sailors started wearing earrings so that if they died in foreign lands, the earrings could pay for their funerals! 

A country named Ladonia has national anthem which is just a sound produced by throwing stone in the water 

Inspired by an episode of Pokemon series showing a device which triggered fits, the US Army is making a gun that induces seizers in enemy, Parents outraged after Red Sox Clubhouse hands out Sam Adams Boston Lagers to trick-or-treaters 

Steve Spurrier says Alabama can beat an NFL team, as long as he's the coach of the NFL team 

Andy Reid unsure what to do next after the normal solution to his problems, eating a sleeve of Oreos, doesn't seem to be working 

ESPN to air 3-hour special showing nothing but replays of LeBron putting on his ring.

To ensure that a pope has really died, it is a tradition to strike his head with a hammer thrice, Brady Quinn ruled out vs. Chargers, Chiefs debate putting Cassel back in or signing Air Bud out of free agency. 

LeBron leaves the floor with 26 points, 10 rebounds, 3 assists, 2 steals, and 1200 hair plugs 

Tony Romo just misses his third Defensive Player of the Week Award. 

I was gonna dress up as Kobe....but I passed 

Kobe could dress up as a No Passing Zone sign:, Rex Ryan continues to stand behind Mark Sanchez, mostly to block debris fans throw at him 

8-year-old Dallas boy says he had worst Halloween ever after trick-or-treating as Tony Romo and having all his candy intercepted. 

LeBron, your mother and I were hoping you could lend me a few bucks until I can find another job." -Delonte West 

With only the Lions and Pistons left to rally around, Detroit decides to go back to rooting for Chrysler. 

Rex Ryan's prayer, that God would make his QB decision easier, goes unanswered. It appears Sanchez has lived thru Sandy, We are most alive when we're in #love." -John Updike

•Parents least favorite goodie to take from their kids’ trick-or-treat bags is licorice (18 percent). 

•90% of parents admit to sneaking goodies from their kids' Halloween trick-or-treat bags. 

•On Halloween night, the majority (52%) of those providing will be chocolate, three‐in‐ten will drop hard candy or lollipops in the sacks, Stan Lee was an army playwright alongside Dr. Suess during World War II 

PSY (from Gangnam Style) actually graduated from the Berklee College of Music in Boston, Massachusetts 

People are more likely to focus and pay attention when soft music is playing in the background. 

In the U.S. more babies are born on Wednesday than any other day of the week 

Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. – Winston Churchill, Stan Lee was an army playwright alongside Dr. Suess during World War II 

PSY (from Gangnam Style) actually graduated from the Berklee College of Music in Boston, Massachusetts 

People are more likely to focus and pay attention when soft music is playing in the background. 

In the U.S. more babies are born on Wednesday than any other day of the week 

Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. – Winston Churchill, Lady Gaga's meat dress weighed about 50 pounds 

A person who suffers from Munchausen syndrome either fakes or exaggerates an illness to gain attention and sympathy 

The average Facebook user receives 82 notifications everyday 

Anuptaphobia is the fear of being single forever! 

Facebook trademarked the words “face”, “book”, “wall”, “poke” and “like.”, On average, there are 178 sesame seeds on each McDonalds BigMac bun. 

The Baby Ruth candy bar was actually named after Grover Cleveland's baby daughter, Ruth. 

In July 1934 Babe Ruth paid a fan $20 dollars for the return of the baseball he hit for his 700th career home run. 

By 2050, the POPULATION of Germany, Italy, Japan and Russia will GO DOWN as much as 22%! Details 

Clans of long ago who wanted to get rid of people without killing them used to burn their houses down-hence the expression "to get fired", •A round manhole cover cannot fall through its circular opening, whereas a square manhole cover could fall in 

Laika, the first DOG to orbit Earth was a rescued STRAY 

Bruce Willis STUTTERED. He became an actor because he didn't stutter on stage 

Deion Sanders: ONLY to hit an MLB home run and an NFL TOUCHDOWN in same week 

People spend 4 times the amount on dog food as they do on baby food., A yawn lasts for approximately 6 seconds 

Recent studies indicate that 17% of Americans do not eat breakfast at all. 

In almost every episode of Seinfeld there is at least one Superman somewhere in the show 

If you are an average American you will spend 6 months of your life waiting at a stop light 

Mel Blanc, the voice of Bugs Bunny, was allergic to carrots, Chinese scientists have confirmed that the earliest Tyrannosaurus Rex relatives actually had feathers 

In 1994, IKEA became the first company to feature a homosexual couple in a commercial 

Only 8% of the world's currency exists as physical cash, the rest is electronic. 

Until the early 1800s, the slang term for balls was "twiddle-diddles." 

Everyday, Americans collectively buy 5 million products that are related to Mickey Mouse, The word "lethologica" refers to the state of not being able to remember the word you were looking for 

Left-handed people are more likely to be autistic or geniuses than right-handed people. 

Jim Carrey would write Tupac funny letters while he was in prison to help make him smile 

Albert Einstein did not speak in full sentences until the age of 9. 

Google was originally called BackRub, The University of California, Berkeley now holds classes for students to train in the strategy game Starcraft, and also hands out ‘homework’ 

laptops Are Stolen most often on College Campuses 

Charlie Chaplin is buried beneath 6 feet of concrete because in 1978, his body was stolen 

Approximately eleven and a half omelettes can be made with a single Ostrich egg 

By cleaning up someone else’s trash, one feels a boost of self-esteem, Woman on top" position helps women build confidence in bed. 

China produces 44% of the world's apple (the fruit) and 100% of the Apple Inc.'s products. 

Kids who like to listen gangsta rap or heavy metal tend to more shy then other kids 

A restaurant in Houston charges $12,000 to its customers for a 10-course meal that was served on the Titanic with the exact setting too. 

Porn star Ron Jeremy was a teacher with a bachelor’s degree in education and theatre, and a master's degree in special education, To my friends: My work is done. Why wait?" was written in the suicide note of Kodak founder George Eastman. He blew his head with a bullet 

There is a Vibrator that connects with your iPod and vibrates accordingly to the rhythm and beat of a song. 

In 2003 women from Liberia went on sex-strike just to end up the 14 year long civil war, they succeeded. 

89 percent strippers were raised in a religious home and 91 percent are still close with their parents 

When a fatal heart attack killed the Elvis Presley, he was sitting on a toilet and reading “The Scientific Search for Jesus”., In Terminator 2, Schwarzenegger only spoke 700 words and was paid $15 million. That means 'Hasta la vista, baby' cost $85,716! 

All breasts have the same number of nerve endings, no matter what their size is. This is also why smaller breasts are more sensitive. 

The left wall of the vagina is more sensitive than the right wall. 

What do Muhammad Ali, Michael Jackson, Joe Frazier and Diana Ross have in common? They all hired Mr. T as their bodyguard. 

The British Intelligence tried to feed Hitler with doses of oestrogen in order to make his moustache fall off, A smile is the shortest distance between two people." - Victor Borge 

Lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at you." - David Brinkley, A survey found one in five women have ended a relationship because their significant other was too busy playing video games. 

France is the leading country for people who get the most sleep. The U.S. is number 2, The odds of a single woman having sex on any given night are 10 to 1. 

James Bond has killed 150 men and has slept with 44 women since the first movie came out in 1962 

Sony researchers have developed a refrigerator that only opens when you smile, The English word with most synonyms is “drunk", having more than 353 words that can be used in its place 

If you hang upside down and eat something, it will still go to your stomach without hindrance. 

When it comes to lions, 90% of the time it's the female that hunts. The males mostly rest. 

The derivation of the word "bride" is from an old English word that means "cook", whereas the word "groom" came from "male child". 

I never think of the future. It comes soon enough." -Albert Einstein, It was found that the most unproductive day was Monday where workers only manage to get 3.5 hours of actual work done. 

The moaning sounds you hear in the song Rocket Queen by Guns N Roses were actually sounds of Steve Adler's GF having sex with Axl Rose. 

Octopus, shrimp, horseflesh and cow tongue are popular flavours of ice cream in Tokyo 

Every 45 minutes, an innocent life is lost by a drunk driver in the United States. 

A total number of 3 trillion pigs have been popped by Angry Bird players worldwide, till now, Mila Kunis at one point had to give up the computer because she was so addicted to this video game 

Ted Bundy, one of the most notorious American serial killer,used to work at Seattle's Suicide Hotline crisis center, in 1971 

Even though being physically unable to move, Stephen Hawking has three children and has been married twice 

If a married man is having sex with a woman other than his wife, his chances of dying during intercourse increased by four times! 

In China, nearly half a billion of the population doesn't brush their teeth at all, The first product that Steve Jobs sold was "Blue Box" which illegally enabled users to get free phone service 

Alexander the Great suffered from heterochromia iridum; one of his eyes was blue and the other was brown 

'Incest-Fest' is a festival celebrated by students at Harvard and the purpose of the festival is to get laid with as many people as possible 

The character of James Bond smoked up to 70 cigarettes a day because the writer, Ian Fleming, himself smoked up to 80 in a day 

The song ‘Yesterday’ was composed by Paul McCartney in a dream. The song today is one of the most covered songs of all time, Currently there is $79 trillion in the entire world. If this is distributed amongst the population of Earth, everyone will end up with $11k 

The Avengers" was also the name of a Jewish team of assassins that used to kill Nazi war criminals after WWII. 

If your favorite dessert is ice-cream, you are more likely to enjoy sports and hate giving up the TV remote 

Men are actually less likely to talk dirty than women! 

In order to be born in the first place, shark embryos must fight each other in the mother's womb until only one is left alive, In Middle East Homer Simpson is know as “Omar Shamshoon” who drinks soda instead of beer and eats traditional Arab cookies, not donuts 

In a single year, the song Happy Birthday makes Warner Music Group $2 million in royalties 

In 1965, Playboy Magazine has actually interviewed Martin Luther King Jr. 

The world is going to end in 2060",was the conclusion drawn by Newton after carefully researching the Bible 

The Signature moustache (Hitler moustache) of the famous comedian, Charlie Chaplin, was actually fake, A third of all divorce filings in 2011 contained the word “Facebook.” 

The scientific term for morning wood is “nocturnal penile tumescence.” 
Expand Collapse 

You can’t talk while inhaling through your nose 

The acronym OMG has been used for 95 years. 

Sean Connery turned down the role of Gandalf in Lord of the Rings because he didn’t understand the script., A baseball team in Japan is believed to be cursed by KFC founder Colonel Sanders. 

The creator of the Internet apologized for the // in URLs because they’re unnecessary. 

Rhode Island is the smallest state with the longest name 

Studies find that women who lost their virginity as teenagers are more likely to get divorced. 

It’s ok to pick your nose in Japan, however blowing it on a tissue is frowned upon., Australian Football makes players RUN MORE than any other sport. About 8.5 miles per game 

Nike got 'Just Do It' from someone's LAST WORDS before they were EXECUTED! 

Demi Moore was cross-eyed as a child and wore an eye patch until her vision was corrected after two operations. 

Annually, the average American skips breakfast 50 times. 

Gingerism” is the bullying or prejudice of redheads, The average internet user spends about 15 minutes on YouTube everyday. 

Personality is 40% genetics, 40% upbringing.... and 20% the last movie you watched 

The book 'Catch-22' was originally titled 'Catch-18" 

In comic books, Superman gave Batman a KRYPTONITE ring in case he went ROGUE and needed to be stopped 

You will never be MORE than 107 miles away from McDonald’s in the CONTINENTAL US, Three passionate kisses a day can double your metabolic rate and can help you lose up to a pound. 

Peladophobia is the fear of bald people. 

Ephebiphobia is the fear of teenagers. 

Cacophobia is the fear of ugly people. 

Schadenfreude" is a word for that feeling of joy and slight satisfaction you sometimes get from the misfortune of others., A man got out of bed, drove to his inlaws' house and killed his father and mother in law while sleepwalking! Court declared him innocent 

In the first season of “Friends” its cast made $22,500 per episode and by the ninth season they made $1 million per episode 

Social media causes what is referred to as FOMO -- The "fear of missing out 

One 1/3rd of couples have broken-up because of their partner's snoring 

Laughter helps increase memory and learning. Incorporating humor into education leads to higher test scores, Raspberry Chocolate And Vanilla Cupcake$0.99 while supplies last

Vanilla Cake Filled With Raspberries Topped With Vanilla Butter Cream And Dark Chocolate Ganache, One of the preventive methods for developing kidney stones is having sex 4-5 times a week which reduces the risk by 45% in men. 

Forgiving others for their mistakes is considered to be the number one trait which gives most happiness to humans 

In the US more people die every year due to prescribed painkillers than by usage of all the illegal drugs combined 

In 1814, there was a beer flood in London when a tank containing 300,000 gallons ruptured in which 7 people drowned 

The third co founder of Apple, Ronald Wayne, in 1976 sold his shares in the company for $2400 and is currently selling stamps in Nevada, There actually exists a final episode of famous cartoon Tom and Jerry in which both committed suicide. 

8 out of every 10 atheists in United States celebrate Christmas every year. 

A woman in UK, in 2005, delivered twins with two different fathers, a chance in 1 in 13,000 cases. 

The name of a hill in Wales “Blorenge”, is the only word that rhymes with the word ”orange 

Even after 12 years of its release, new games for Playstation 2 are still being developed and released in the market, Of all the parts of a human body, the healing ability of a tongue is the fastest. 

In 2005, 100% of the revenues generated by Mardi Gras themed DVD "Girls Gone Wild" were donated to the victims of Hurricane Katrina 

France has a total 33% of atheist population making it one of the biggest atheist nation in the world 

The record for the most stolen library book is held by the Guinness Book of Records 

Getting angry at people when we listen to them breathing or eating is called Misophonia, which is an actual brain disorder, A woman in UK, in 2005, delivered twins with two different fathers, a chance in 1 in 13,000 cases. 

A pair of library books were issued by George Washington and never returned. They are now 221 years overdue 

In January 1869, the very first installed traffic signal in London exploded only after a month it got operational, killed a cop. 

The world would inhibit 1 trillion people, if the same density of population, as of Hong Kong, existed everywhere in the world 

According to a survey, as much as 99% of people prefer deleting the entire password when they just mess up one letter, Cocaine is the second most commonly used illicit drug in the U.S. 

If a person is stung by a jellyfish, application of Coca-Cola can be a suitable treatment. 

Sylvester Stallone's classmates voted for him to be "most likely to die in an electric chair" when he was 15 

It take an average human around 64 seconds to recover their train of thought if interrupted by an email 

If the Titanic were to be launched in 2012, its first class (parlour suite) would've cost US$100,000., 4 in 10 people who begin drinking before age 15 become alcoholics

 
Incan brides had to peel a potato to prove they would be a good wife. 

It's estimated that 50% of college students play beer pong 

Beer hops are from the same plant family as marijuana! 

Beer commercials aren't actually allowed to show someone drinking beer!, A theory suggests that the painting of Mona Lisa is not of a woman but instead a self portrait of da Vinci wearing woman’s clothes 

The longest prison sentence ever was for 384,912 years for having failed to deliver 4000 letters, in 1972 

You were not born a winner, and you were not born a loser. You are what you make yourself to be." -Lou Holtz 

The good you do today, will often be forgotten. Do good anyway." - Mother Teresa 

The soul becomes dyed with the colour of its thoughts. — Marcus Aurelius, If the volume of the TV is set to an odd number, as much as 99% of the all people feel uneasy. 

The world record for longest, most accurate shot with a bow is made by an armless man, hitting the target 230 yards away 

53 years old Annie Hawkins-Turner holds the record of world's biggest natural boobs, her bra size is 102 ZZZ. 

When buying a bottle of whisky or a pack of cigarettes in UK, you are paying almost 77% tax on it. 

Every person that makes a profile on Facebook adds about $47 to the entire value of the company!, In the TV show, Breaking Bad, when the characters smoke crystal meth, they're actually smoking sugar or rock candy 

Twilight, the world-famous vampire-human love story, was rejected 14 times before it was actually published! 
 

The PENIS of the Egyptian Pharaoh, Tutankhamun's mummy was reported missing in 1968 and was found in 2006 

Even if a boomerang is thrown while on the moon, it will come back to you. 

Stupidus, the name of an ancient Roman clown, is where the term "Stupid" actually has its origins, ☯ "Use Every Opportunity to Radiate Joy!" ~Wayne Dyer 

Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans." -John Lennon 

You may not be responsible for being down. But you are responsible for getting up." -Jesse Jackson 

How wonderful is it that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. ~ #Quote Anne Frank 

Not the cry, but the flight of a wild duck, leads the flock to fly and follow. -Chinese Proverb, There are 83 people in the U.S. named Edward Cullen. 

In the 1970s, Mattel marketed a doll called "Growing Up Skipper." Her breasts grew when the arm was turned. 

Most people experience the cross-race effect -- Members of one race have difficulty differentiating between members of another 

'Condom' comes the Latin condon, meaning 'receptacle' 

British spies had planned to feminize Hitler by sneaking estrogen into his food!, Peter B. Lewis, chairman of the Progressive Insurance company, donated over $2.3 million towards to the legalization of marijuana 

Spongebob was originally going to be named “Spongeboy” but couldn’t because a mop product was already using that name 

Ellen DeGeneres played the first prime-time TV character to reveal she was gay. 

It takes food about seven seconds to get from your mouth to your stomach 

Worldwide, pregnancy is the number one cause of death for girls aged fifteen to nineteen., In the original version of "The Little Mermaid", Ariel does not marry the prince -- He marries someone else and she dies 

to earn ,Hollywood Walk of Fame celebrities has to pay $30,000.and agree to show up for dedication 

In 2009, "Twilight" scored just below "anal sex" in Wikipedia's "Top 100 Most Popular Searches 

In 1640, condoms were made of dried pig's intestines -- They had to be soaked in milk to soften them before using. 

Men say the thong is the sexiest article of lingerie -- Women think it's the bra, A blue whale’s penis is usually about 7 to 8 feet in length 

An average man will spend 145 days of his life shaving. 

Walruses have 3 times the sucking power of the average vacuum cleaner. 

Adolf Hitler took 28 different drugs for his chronic flatulence -- Among these were cocaine and amphetamines 

Your brain burns around 300 calories a day and burns slightly more calories when you think harder., 350 slices of pizza are sold every second in America. 

The USA is not ranked in the top 10 countries with the fastest internet speeds 

How did Simon Cowell get started? Working on music for WWE, Power Rangers and Teletubbies! 

In Poland, spiders are common Christmas tree decorations because (according to legend) a spider wove a blanket for Baby Jesus. 

Men are more interested in dating women who are taken while women are more likely to respect a man’s relationship, According to a BBC World Poll taken in 21 countries, most foreign countries prefer Obama 

The average yearly salary for a stripper is about $125,000 

Fruit flies tend to drink alcohol after being rejected as a mate. 

Women tend to have more trouble finding their parked cars than men 

Cheese rolling, extreme ironing, and wife carrying are all real sports, The ‘Lunulas’ are the white arcs on your fingernails and the term actually means ‘Little Moon’ 

In a cold situation, the penis and testicles tend to huddle together to keep warm as sperm and testosterone need warm temperature to be made 

First bras were metal discs covering the boobs introduced by Viking ladies 

According to condom manufacturers, only 6% of the male population actually needs extra large condoms, the rest just lie. 

In a study, the majority of women claimed that they found kissing to be more intimate than sex, In the original version of Sleeping Beauty, she was raped by the king and gave birth to 2 children... All before she woke up 

Studies have found that women’s faces are most beautiful once a month - When they are menstruating 

The average teenager spends 31 hours a week on the internet and 4 hours a week on homework! 

Grizzly Bears and Polar Bears can mate. Their offspring are referred to as "Pizzlies" and "Grolar Bears 

The average woman's handbag weighs between 3 and 5 pounds., Women who read romance novels have sex twice as often as those who don't 

In New York City, an estimated 90% of these pedestrian crossing buttons do nothing 

Eleven plus Two" and "Twelve plus One" equal 13 and both have the same 13 letters 

Studies show that blue-eyed individuals study more effectively and tend to perform better on exams than dark-eyed people 

50% of all emotional affairs become sexual affairs, After Theodor Geisel,got caught dringing at Dartmouth Collage He made up Dr. Seuss to work secreatly at the school's paper Jack-O-Lantern, 

The Eisenhower interstate system requires 1 mile in every 5 must be straight. These straight sections are airstrips in times of emergency 

Women are 37% more likely to go to a psychiatrist than men are 

Louis Vuitton BURNS all their unsold BAGS! 

Mein Kampf actually made Hitler the richest author of all time, Beyoncé is actually a champion at Connect Four 

A whale's penis is called a "dork." 

There are 12 calories in a tablespoon of sperm. Same as eating 4 Tic-Tacs. 

Your subconscious mind is 30,000 times more powerful than your conscious mind 

Vampire bats will vomit blood into the mouths of sick bats to help keep them alive, Every minute, 5 CDs are sold on eBay and 7,000 songs are downloaded on iTunes 

At the age of 12, Ryan Gosling became Canada’s first and only Mousketeer on Disney’s Mickey Mouse Club 

It costs about $10,000 to have your picture taken with Michelle Obama 

Naps can help increase your learning ability! 

28% of employed Americans have had an affair with their boss, Bill Gates changed his school’s program codes so he was placed in class with mostly female students 

Roughly 12% of the population dreams in black and white 

RPS tendensies 3) If someone has time to think about it, they’ll probably throw scissors first. 

RPS tendensies Females, especially inexperienced ones, are most likely to throw paper first. 

RPS tendencies 1) Males, are most likely to throw rock first – Especially if they are experienced., There is a book called "The Snuggie Sutra" which contains 85+ sex positions that can be done with a snuggie. 

Hitler has a romantic relationship with his niece, who committed suicide in 1931 with the same pistol he used to end his own life in 1945. 

Einstein's brain was taken without his written consent after he died and was cut into 240 pieces 

Mosquitos don't just bite you. They also urinate on you after sucking your blood 

The word "school" comes from the Greek word "skhol" which means "leisure time.", Out of the 88 oldest living people in the world (In September of 2011), only 6 of them were male 

All of the Rugrats were voiced by women. 

Barack Obama was the first president to ever brew beer in the White House 

The average person spends 3 years of his or her life on a toilet 

The cast of “Glee” has had more songs chart than the Beatles, "If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader." John Quincy Adams 

The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails." William Arthur Ward 

What is true happiness? It's not attained through self-gratification but through fidelity to a worthy purpose." Helen 

"Tell me, I forget, show me, I remember, involve me, I understand." ~ Carl Orff 

A group of jellyfish is called a "smack.", According to statistics if you order a pizza and call an ambulance at the same time, about 2 out of 5 times the pizza will arrive first 

Steve Nash, a Canadian basketball player, divorced his wife because his newborn kid resembled one of his teammates 

10,507 is the record of the most non stop push ups done, made by a Japanese guy 

Nadya Suleman, known as the Octomom for giving birth to 14 children, has become a porn star now to support her family 

There is an opening in every Astronaut's helmet, just to enable them to scratch their nose when needed, The only other animal to experience menopause, except for female human, is the killer whale 

In the medieval times, bitter almonds and raw eel were eaten before getting drunk to prevent a hangover 

The phrase, "the customer is always right", was first used by the 11th richest American of all time, Marshall Field 

Perfume companies hire odour testers and their job is to smell the armpit, feet and mouths of people before and after the spray 

Holder of the Guinness World record for the fattest woman, Pauline Potter, lost 100 pounds by having sex 7 times a day, The sudden feeling of jolt or falling experienced when you’re about to fall asleep is classified as a mild epileptic seizure. 

The ingredient used in perfumes to help its smell stay longer on your skin is actually whale’s vomit also known as Ambergris 

Famous rapper Eminem has been falsely reported dead over 5 times, out of which four were apparently car crashes and one was a drug overdose 

A5 Processor for Apple's iPhone and iPad is actually manufactured by Samsung. 

For a stretch of 30 feet, a Formula One Racecar is capable of being outrun by Usain Bolt if both start from a complete stop, Why is live spelled backwards evil...... 

Why do people say 'the alarm goes off' wile it actually goes on......... 

Ever noticed you just can't be a good wizzard without a good beard......., In the United States, the third leading cause of death are DOCTORS with more than 500,000 deaths annually! 

Osama bin Laden's father married 22 times, fathering at least 54 children. Osama bin Laden is believed to be his 17th son, Einstein scored 160 on his IQ test, whereas Marilyn Monroe scored 8 points more than him (168). 

Milton Blahyi a Liberian General had a belief that fighting naked will protect you from bullets, he took his army into the battlefield naked 

In 2011, a straight British rugby player had a heart attack and woke up as gay and became hairdresser 

The word "Vanilla" is actually a derivation from the latin word "vagina 

A theory suggests that the painting of Mona Lisa is not of a woman but instead a self portrait of da Vinci wearing woman’s clothes, In 1970's a shampoo was available in market which actually has 33% beer as its ingredient 

The first television remote control was called "Lazy Bones" it was for the people who were too lazy to change the tv channel. 

After movie Top Gun was shown in theaters, percentage of young men enrolling in navy increased by 500%. 

The legendary artist, Picasso went to the brothel for first time when he was only 13 years old 

In a game of chess, the color white has nearly 10% more win rate compared to black, omg From an “insect tasting” survey, it was deduced that beetles tasted like apples, wasps like pine nuts, and worms like fried bacon. 

The average male orgasm lasts only about one-fourth than that of the average female. 

In Russia, September 12th is celebrated as the "Day of conception" in which couples are given a holiday to have sex. 

Blue Sperm Whale's poop is one of the main ingredient in perfumes which make them smell MUSKY. 

Bruce Lee had trained his moves to be so quick that he could catch grains of rice in mid-air using only chopsticks., The company that owns Trojan condoms, Church & Dwight, also owns the First Response pregnancy tests 

As much as 85% of all women buy the wrong bra size for themselves 

A group named “women in waves”,offers abortions in international waters while sailing boats around countries that do not allow abortions. 

The character, Mickey Mouse, was named after american actor Mickey Rooney: whose mother Walt Disney had dated. 

When Heinz ketchup is taken out from a regular bottle, the speed at which ketchup flows is 25 miles a year, "If you are not criticized, you may not be doing much." -Donald Rumsfeld 

If you are successful, you will win some unfaithful friends and some genuine enemies. Succeed anyway." - Mother Teresa 

Gratitude is the sweet song of appreciation, it turns any experience into a gift that is received. 

"Humanity has only scratched the surface of its real potential." 

If you are irritated by every rub, how will your mirror be polished?" ~Rumi, I have measured out my life with coffee spoons. - T.S. Eliot 

The happiest people in this world are those who have the most interesting thoughts. -William Lyon Phelps 

The most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love, and let it come in – Morrie Schwartz 

All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make, the better – Ralph Waldo Emerson 

Don't be distracted by criticism. The only taste of success some people have is when they take a bite out of you. Zig Ziglar, Female baboons have been known to engage in a primitive form of prostitution by stealing food during sex 

A Russian man who has beard during the time of Peter The Great had to pay a special tax 

Before 1800 there was no such thing as separate shoes for left and right feet. 

Numbering houses in London streets only began in 1764 

Sometimes when we are generous in small, barely detectable ways it can change someone else's life forever. -Margaret Cho, You can give without loving, but you can never love without giving." -Robert Stevenson 

A drone honeybee will wait his whole life for one chance to mate with a queen 

At the Lujan Zoo near Buenos Aires visitors can ride lions, cuddle bears, stroke tigers and feed cheetahs. 

22.75 hours is the current record for the longest rattlesnake mating session 

The eagle has sex while going up to 60 mph., Brian May (the guitarist from Queen) has a PhD in astrophysics 

Studies show that cuddling before bed helps to brain to relax - This reduces the process of overthinking, making it easier to fall asleep 

Applying Vodka to your face helps to tighten your pores and can reduce the risk of acne breakouts 

We spend about 10 minutes everyday looking for misplaced items, The king of hearts is the only king without a moustache on a standard playing card 

Worcestershire sauce is made from dissolved anchovies 

The Popsicle was invented by an 11 year who kept it secret for 18 years. 

After 1.4 BILLION crayons, the senior crayon maker for Crayola said he was COLOR BLIND! 

The numbers '172' can be found on the back of the U.S. $5 dollar bill in the bushes at the base of the Lincoln Memorial, There is a Dr. Pepper Museum that about 100 people a day visit 

In Ancient Greece boxers wore leather straps over fists, the contest didn't end until one fighter was unconscious 

Three MEN each won $19,100 in a lawsuit after being DENIED waiter jobs at Hooters! 

It takes 2.59 cents to make a nickel and 1.42 cents to make a dime 

We measure televisions diagonally because they all used to be round and that's the only way you could measure them, Girls go through puberty at a younger age, if their father isn’t present in their lives 

To crack down on gays in the Navy, FDR created a special unit that performed oral sex on men in order to out the gay ones 

The largest erect human penis ever recorded is 13.5 inches 

Tootsie rolls were named after the creator's daughter, Tootsie 

Cracker Jacks didn't put a prize in each box until 1913, 20 years after the candy was made, Magnum-sized condoms aren't that much bigger than regular ones 

Scientists estimate that you'll fall in love 7 times before you get married 

Between 0.4 and 6% of women have an extra breast! 

Weeping releases a chemical that reduces sexual arousal in men. 

Women with a waist-to-hip ratio of 0.7 are generally rated as being more attractive, People who are left-handed are 39% more likely to be homosexual! 

In 2004, the CEO of McDonald’s (Jim Cantalupo) died of a heart attack at a McDonald’s convention. 

A “lexical gap” is when there SHOULD be a word for something, but there isn’t 

You need to be shorter than 6’3” in order to get a job as an astronaut. 

When rabbits are put on their backs, they enter tonic immobility and become tranced, The Internet was first called “The Galactic Network” when it was first created 

The word “nerd” was actually invented by Dr. Suess. 

If one identical twin is homosexual, then there is a 40% chance that the other twin is as 

NASA is responsible for the invention of invisible braces and scratch resistant lenses 

Humans cannot walk in a straight line without a visual point - When blindfolded, humans will gradually walk in a circle, Japan holds the record for the world’s biggest orgy ever - 500 people all had sex in the same place at the same time. 

iPhones can survive falls of over 13,000 feet 

During the middle ages, talkative women were punished by being forced to wear metal cages on their heads 

The “King and Queen” in The Lion King (Mufasa and Sarabi) were voiced by the King and Queen in the movie “Coming to America.”, There is an annual sex doll race that takes place in Russia - Every year, blow up dolls are ridden like boats 

John Cena has granted over 250 Make-A-Wish foundation wishes - This is more than any person has ever granted in history 

With 100+ million paid downloads, Tetris is the best-selling mobile game of all time 

When a pregnant woman suffers organ damage (ex: a heart attack), the fetus will send stem cells to repair the damaged organ 

Hallmark manufactures and sells “Happy Divorce” cards, The ball that drops in Times Square every New year’s Eve is named ” Star of hopes”. 

Worldwide, Christmas has been celebrated on 135 different days of the year. 

Elvis Presley was nearsighted. He owned $60,000 worth of prescription sunglasses when he died 

The term 007 was derived from 20007, the home zip code of many Washington, D.C. agents 

Leonardo da Vinci discovered that a tree's rings reveal its age., 54.6% of New Yorkers use public transportation. 

Cost in parts and labor, for an Academy Award Oscar statue is about $300 

In 2005, Bhutan became the first country in the world to ban all sale of nicotine products 

Aerosmith has made more money from Guitar Hero then from the sales of any of their album 

Snakes sleep with both eyes open, Time for NFL Football and Free Pizza
 
 
 
 FaceBook the Correct score of any NFL football game tommorw and win a Free cheese Pizza
 
 
 
“ Pats X, Bills Y, Give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza,
 
 
 
One guess , per game, per customer. All guesses must be in before game starts, "If they can see you love them, you can say anything to them." -Richard Baxter 

Give a man a mask and he will show his real face 

If it doesn't matter in five years, it doesn't matter. ~M. C. Escher 

Someone paid $14,000 for the bra Marilyn Monroe wore in Some Like It Hot. 

A non smoking bartender inhales the equivalent of 36 cigarettes during an eight-hour shift., There was a 4th member of the original “Snap, Crackle and Pop” group - It was “Pow.” 

It takes the typical person 17 months and 26 days to get over an ex 

The darker the color of your alcoholic drink, the more likely it is to give you a hangover. 

According to his ex-wife, Tupac auditioned for the role of Bubba in “Forrest Gump” but didn’t get the part 

 “Spaghetti alla puttanesca” actually means “whore’s style spaghetti.”, Bamboo can grow over three feet per day 

Grapes are the most popular fruit in the world 

On Valentine's Day, there is no charge to get married in the Empire State Building's chapel. 

The center of some golf balls contain honey 

"Creativity means Believing you have Greatness!" ~Wayne Dyer, The company “Kinkos” was actually named for the curly hair its founder had 

Vodka works as a hair conditioner 

Studies show that eating chocolate can improve your math skills 

All polar bears are left-handed. 

The most popular pet name in the United States is 'Max, There is a species of cactus known as the "Dildo Cactus." 

A flock of ravens is called an "unkindness." 

Research has shown that people are happiest at 7:26pm on Saturday night! 

Bees and wasps can be trained like dogs to detect explosives and drugs. 

In 1985, there was a condom delivery service at Harvard University - Their slogan was “We’ll come before you do.”, Time for BC Football and Free Pizza
 
FaceBook the Correct score of the BC/Notre Dame football game tonight and win a Free cheese Pizza
 
“ BC X , Irish Y, Give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza,
 
One guess ,  per customer. All guesses must be in before game starts, Disney, during the WWII made an animated short film “ Education for Death” to show the children in the US about Nazi life 

Before writing the character for Tom Hanks in "Cast away", its screenwriter spent 7 days on an isolated beach just to get the feel of it 

The third co founder of Apple, Ronald Wayne, in 1976 sold his shares in the company for $2400 and is currently selling stamps in Nevada. 

The color Pink does not actually exist in the universe, it is basically white light without the green color 

Only pregnant female mosquitoes feed on blood, while the male mosquitoes never feed on anything other than nectar or fruit juice, It takes your brain approximately 90 seconds to decide whether or not you like someone. 
Various Canadian police departments give "positive tickets" to reward people for doing something good, If a man has sex twice a week for 40 yrs, the combined time for his orgasms would be less than 3 hrs of his lifetime 

Oxytocin, or the 'Cuddle Hormone' lowers defences in women during sex and makes them trust their partners 

The famous Golden Gun from the James Bond movie "The Man with the Golden Gun" was stolen in 2004 and is still missing 

In late 18th century there was a professional farter who could mimic cannon fire, thunderstorms, and play short tunes by simply farting. 

The first item ever sold on Internet was a pepperoni pizza from Pizza Hut, In the US, 27 members of the House of Representatives and 1 member of the Senate are only high school graduates 

A psychological survey showed that people usually buy products from brands that use the same alphabets as their names 

Asparagus makes your urine attractive to fish. So if you pee in the river after eating it, more fish will gather around you 

Female circumcision (removal of clitoris) is done on 91% of Egyptian women between the age of 15-49 years 

A single sneeze is capable of giving at least 150 a case of the common cold, According to NASA, the moon smells like gunpowder 

The vibrator was the 5th domestic appliance to be electrified, after the sewing machine, toaster, fan, and tea kettle. 

This is the first year since 1949 that "Michael" is not in the top 3 U.S. baby names 

George Costanza had 43 girlfriends over the 9 seasons of "Seinfeld.", Eminem dropped out of school after failing the 9th grade twice - He skipped school too many times to fight kids on street corners 

In 2007, snow tubing and sledding were the causes of more than 160,000 injuries that resulted in emergency room visits. 

More children ages 5 to 14 die from playing baseball than any other sport. 

The temperature of a woman's face rises when she makes contact with a male - Causing her to "glow 

Ancient Egyptians would mourn the death of cats by shaving off their eyebrows, There are more Starbucks in America than there are McDonald's 


Studies show couples who watch porn together tend to be more committed. http://bit.ly/NAzHbw 


The world's most expensive cat is worth about $13 million 


Men are 58% more likely to die from accidental injuries as opposed to women 


Couples who dance together tend to have stronger and longer lasting relationships, White cars are stolen more often than any other colored car 

Dairy Queen actually has its own clothing line 

Woody (From Toy Story) has a last name - It's 'Pride.' 

Both men and women tend to settle for mates that are generally in their own class of attractiveness 

A new dinosaur species has been found and is called Dracorex Hogwartsia - Meaning "Dragon King of Hogwarts.", Jackie Chan actually hates the Rush Hour movies! 

Jack Nicholson once had a job answering Tom and Jerry's fan mail 

Ohio and Minnesota have special license plates for people caught for DUI 

The Hollywood sign weighs 450,000 lbs, averaging nearly 50,000 lbs per letter 

Chef Gordon Ramsey was held at gunpoint for trying to expose an illegal shark fin trade, "Not all of us can do great things. But we can do small things with great love." - Mother Teres 

"Delegating means letting others become the experts and hence the best." Timothy W. 

“A good cook is like a sorceress who dispenses happiness." Elsa Schiaparelli 

If you love someone, tell them. Because hearts are often broken w/ words left unspoken, Brazil has one of the highest murder rates in the world with about 45,000 murders a year 

A grenade was Saddam Hussein's favorite fishing tool. He'd throw one in the water and send a diver to get the dead fish 

Freddy Krueger's sweater was red and green because it's the most clashing color combination! 

The odds that an American man owns a pair of khaki pants are 3 in 4 

The charity that raises the most money in the US is the Salvation Army with about $1.3 billion annually, 25% of business school deans say they would admit a clearly unqualified student if his/her parents donated $1 million 

Once, twice, and thrice are the only 3 words of their type, there are no more terms in that sequence! 

A winged penis was the city symbol of Pompeii, the ancient Roman resort town destroyed by the eruption of Mt. Vesuvius. 

Nixon liked his fireplace so much, he had it on in the SUMMER with the AC cranked to the max 

Lemons float in water, while limes sink., In 1992,30,000 Hawaiians signed a petition to change Maui’s name to Gilligan’s Island 

The ”f-word” was first printed in English in 1475. 

A two hour movie uses about two miles of film. 

In 1994 a man escaped from West Virginia prison using a rope made of dental floss 

A running tiger can cover about 30 feet in a single stride., New York has the largest Puerto Rican population of any city in the world. 


The term “suck it” was used almost twice as often in the 1650 as it is now 



In 1950,only 7% of American women dyed their hair. Today, 75% do 


Sea Otters hold hands while sleeping so they don’t float apart. 


The founder of http://match.com had his girlfriend leave him for a man she met on http://match.com, Always serve too much hot fudge sauce on hot fudge sundaes. It makes people overjoyed, and puts them in your debt 

Life is a game that is played with a smile. If you can't smile, grin. If you can't grin, keep out of the way till you can 

What is done to children, they will do to society 

Women of quality are so civil, you can hardly distinguish love from good breeding 

Sometimes good things fall apart, so better things can fall together. ― Jessica Howell, Good communication is as stimulating as black coffee & just as hard to sleep after. -Anne Morrow Lindbergh 

All perception is of the past. The present is the realm of possibility. ~ Deepak Chopra, Happiness and laughter are contagious... Spread it freel 

Finland is the world's biggest coffee-drinking nation with 1,652 cups per person per year 

Giraffes have extremely long tongues, often up to eighteen inche 

55% of American women dye their hair 

5% of white American adults are natural blonds, feeling under the weather, don't ....Clintonville, Conn., measured 13.5 inches of snow Wednesday morning, the highest so far from the nor'easter. Freehold, N.J., followed with a close 13.0 inches, Marilyn Monroe bleached her pubic hair and never wore panties. 

The world prison population is about 9 million with 25% of it in the US 

Like Starbucks? Their coffee cups are IMPOSSIBLE to recycle 

Over 50 percent of mail received by the USPS is junk mail! 

The odds of a single woman having sex on any given night are 10 to 1, About 6,500 people drown in the U.S. every year, which is an average of 17 deaths every day 


There is a dating website for zombies! http://bit.ly/Mz4Mub  


The Nobel Peace Prize features 3 naked men with their hands on each others' shoulders 


Of the 17,000 words Shakespeare used, he is said to have invented about 1,700 of them 


In 10 minutes, a hurricane releases more energy than all the world's nuclear weapons combined, Farts travel at an average speed of 10 feet per second 

A woman's chances of having twins increases after 35 years of age 

"The Hunger Games" holds the record for highest advanced ticket sales for a non-sequel movie 

You can live for weeks without eating, but will most likely die after 11 days without sleep 

Kim Jong-il only traveled by train because he was afraid of flying -- He died while riding a train on December 17th, In the original Italian story, Pinocchio kills Jiminy Cricket with a hammer 

Having no friends has the same effect on life expectancy as smoking 15 cigarettes every day. 

The highest denomination of currency issued by the U.S. is the $100,000 bill. 

A group of goats is called a "trip." 

Louis Vuitton burns their unsold merchandise so it won't be sold at a discount, You are more likely to get stabbed or shot at a strip club than anywhere else 

10% of the American teenage population smokes marijuana at least 20 times a month 

"Dog TV" is a television channel designed specifically to keep dogs entertained and stimulated while you go about your day 

Life is short but there is always time for courtesy. — Ralph Waldo Emerson 

One father is more than a hundred Schoolemasters. ~George Herbert, Great works are performed, not by strength, but by perseverance. — Samuel Johnson 

"Do not throw the arrow which will return against you. 

"People tend to forget their duties but remember their rights." -Indira Gandhi 

You are not entitled to your opinion. You are entitled to your informed opinion. No one is entitled to be ignorant 

"The more you sweat in peacetime, the less you bleed during war.", Cats have no sweet taste receptor, and are therefore unable to perceive sweetness at all 

Regular jogging increases the life expectancy of men by 6.2 years and women by 5.6 years 

About 65% of Americans say TV is a ”necessity”. 

Price of adult admission to Disneyland in 1955: $1. In 2010: $76 

50% of the worlds golf courses are in the United States, Dogs have a wet nose to collect more of the tiny droplets of smelling chemicals in the air. 

Venereal Disease got its name from Venus, the Roman godess of love 

Cerumen is the medical term for earwax. 

An algologist studys seaweed 

A misodoctakleidist is someone who hates practicing the piano, Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future. ~Paul Boese 

The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt 

Magic is believing in yourself, if you can do that, you can make anything happen. ~ Johann Wolfgang von Goethe 

Every situation, properly perceived, becomes an opportunity ~ Helen Schucman 

The only limits to the possibilities in your life tomorrow are the buts you use today. - Les Brown, "One day, you'll be just a memory for some people. Do your best to be a good one." 

"Greatness is won, not awarded."-Guy Kawasaki 

What you allow, you encourage. -Michael Josephson 

Life is too short to wait for excitement. Choose your own adventure 

Damaged people are dangerous. They know they can survive. ~Josephine Hart, Did you ever notice how difficult it is to argue with someone who is not obsessed with being right?" Wayne W. Dyer 

If you search "Who's the cutest" using Google's "I'm Feeling Lucky," it will say "YOU ARE" 

Women are more likely to have nightmares while men are more likely to dream about sex. 

Being born in winter increases risk of mental health disorders. 

Super Bowl XLVI had an actual playing time that lasted a little more than 12 minutes, Stan Lee created Iron Man as a challenge to create a character no one should like and force people to like him 

Women are more likely to say "I'm sorry" than men because they are more likely to think they've done something wrong 

Girls go through puberty at a substantially younger age if their father isn't present 

People who believe their partners are a perfect match tend to stay happier, even if they're wrong 

Slang for "prostitute" in Victorian times was "blowsy" and slang for "ejaculation" was "blow" leading to the current phrase "blow job.", Helen Keller invented the metric system 

Miley Cyrus played Draco Malfoy in Harry Potter 

Football was invented by penguin Eskimos who smoked many illegal substances 

Gwen Stefani was a banana farmer before she became a pop singer. All pop singers like bananas. 

In recent news, Kim Kardashian said she gets stung by 3000 bees a week to keep her ass, Wizards have a higher rate of depression than any other mystical creature. Leprechauns 

Fire hydrants were originally made to break the world record for the biggest puddle 

South Africa, Ireland, and the UK are the top 3 countries that search for ''gay porn'' on Google

21% of the South Korean population has the last name ''Kim'' 

During the middle ages, talkative women were punished by being forced to wear metal cages on their heads, Maria Sharapova is a tennis player & highest paid female athlete in the world! 2012 earned $27.1mm 

Studies show that swearing while in pain can relieve you of your pain by about 50% 

Adults are most likely to lie in bed then any other place and the most common lie is ' Nothing's wrong, I'm fine 

By releasing 2 albums in their entire career the Spice Girls made $75 million personally and their global gross income reached $800 million, Up till 2004, the official website of White house, “http://whitehouse.com ” was actually a pornographic website 


The first man on moon, Neil Armstrong even before getting his driver’s license, got his pilot's license at age 16 


According to a survey 83% of men and women said that they could easily find out and tell if their partner was not telling the truth. 


1 out of every 4 women admits that no matter how a man looks, money is the only thing that makes a man sexy 


Although he never disclosed, it was strongly believed that Albert Einstein was madly in love with Marilyn Monroe, The most used lie a man says to impress a woman is "I graduated top of my class 

1.4mill DUIs are issued a year! If you think that's crazy, wait until you see how many times people drive drunk 

Donkeys widely mentioned in Bible as means of transport are being used in Israel presently at Kedem park by carrying Wi-Fi routers 

Having a fear of female genitalia is referred to as 'eurotophobia'. It can affect both men and women 

Due to the pheromones their body releases while they're ovulating, strippers are reported to tend to earn more money while ovulating, Apes are known to tend to masturbate if they lose a battle with fellow apes! 

For up to 12 times a year, disabled people in Holland are allowed a government grant that pays their bills for sex 

Lucky Diamond Rich, the world's most tattooed person has tattoos on his entire body including the inside of his mouth and whole PENIS. 

Founder of Playboy empire, Hugh Hefner first had sex at the age of 22 

Initially “computer” referred to a human female worker who ran calculations on mechanical adding machines, There exist a technique of future forecasting by reading a person's ass. 

Never open the door to a lesser evil, for other ones invariably slink in after it. 

Adopting the right attitude can convert a negative stress into a positive one. 

The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go. Dr. Seuss 

Common sense is genius dressed in its working clothes. - Ralph Waldo Emerson, Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines. ~Robert H. Schuller 

You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great. - Zig Ziglar 

A smile increases your face value 

If you want to empower others, you need to start living the most empowered version of yourself 

You don't shine by putting out someone else's light. ~, "Everyone is gifted - but some people never open their package." 

Yesterday is a cancelled check; Tomorrow a promissory note; Today is the only cash you have, so spend it wisely. Kim Lyons 

The art of being wise is knowing what to overlook.~ William James 

28% of employed Americans have had an affair with their boss. 

People who eat chocolate in general, have lower blood pressure and a 39% lower risk of having a heart attack, Men tend to start going bald at the age of 24 

There are 12 calories in a tablespoon of sperm - The same as eating 4 Tic-Tacs. 

Having an orgasm at least 3 times a week reduces your likelihood of dying from heart disease by 50% 

On average women stare in the mirror 38 times a day. 

It would take 4,000 helium balloons to lift a 110 pound person., Imagination and fiction make up more than three quarters of our real life. ~ #Quote Simone Weil 

With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts." 

If you want to get the best out of someone, you must look for the best that is in them 

"Nothing happens until something moves." -Albert Einstein, Change is the parent of progress. -Steve Maraboli 

A man seldom thinks with more earnestness of anything than he does of his dinner 

To avoid being eaten by the mate, the male Orb-Web spider detaches its penis and 

By the end of 2050, there will be almost 6 million people aged 100 and above 

All those white people who could not afford a black slave in 1830s were originally called "White Trash, More people have walked and orbited around the moon than people who have pitched a major league perfect game 

A research suggests that the bigger the testicles of a man, the more chances of him going astray 

In 2005, Union Square in Manhattan was flooded with kiwi strawberry flavored fluid when world's biggest 17.5 ton popsicle melted prematurely 

To prevent themselves from getting pregnant, Egyptian women used to insert stones into their vaginas before sex 

MaDonal’s" is a replica of McDonald's in Iran, it offers free "Big Macks" to U.S forces, At least 6 million lives have been saved by Bill Gates as he has given away more than $28 billion in charity since 2007 

Guns and traffic accidents combined kill less people than the amount that doctors 'accidentally' manage to kill every year in the US! 

One way to sweeten watermelon is by actually sprinkling salt on it. 

The founders of Adidas were two Nazi brothers, one of which after having a disagreement and separation formed PUMA 

Porn star Anna Ilona Staller was elected as the member of Italian parliament and she still works in hardcore porn movies., According to the statistics almost half of the pregnancies end up in miscarriages even before women know they are pregnant 

When applying mascara on their eyes, more than one out of every four women open their mouths while doing so! 

Bats can have sexual intercourse in the air, while they are in flight! 

Research suggests that about 5% of the activity on Google is simply just people spell-checking what they've written! 

In ancient times people believed that the 'ring finger' had a direct link to the heart, hence the tradition of wearing wedding rings on it!, Gratitude is when memory is stored in the heart and not in the mind." -- Lionel Hampton 

There is no security on earth, there is only opportunity." -Douglas MacArthur 

Old age is like everything else. To make a success of it, you've got to start young. -T. Roosevelt 

We must travel in the direction of our #fear." - John Berryman 

Today was good. Today was fun. Tomorrow is another one. Dr. Seuss, Money often costs too much." - Ralph Waldo Emerson 

The great man is the man who does a thing for the first time." -Alexander Smith 

Katy Perry holds the same record as Michael Jackson for most number one singles from an album. source 

iPhones in China smell like pineapples after being charged. 

There is a vaginal scented perfume., There is a perfume made to smell like Play-Doh for "highly creative people 

The term “suck it” was actually used almost twice as much in the 1650’s as it is now 

Sitting close to the T.V. will not hurt your eyes! 

On average, shorter men live about 2 years longer than taller men 

South Korean scientists have created cats that glow in the dark, Three kisses a day can speed up and strengthen your metabolism 

In China, it is acceptable to walk into an IKEA store to relax and take a nap 

Ben Affleck directed a short film called “I Killed My Lesbian Wife, Hung Her on a Meat Hook, and Now I Have A Three-Picture Deal at Disney.” 

Close to 50% of men say it's okay for their girlfriends to cheat with another girl - only 22% would forgive them if it was a guy. 

In the 1300s people said "swive" instead of "fuck.", The Italian surname Esposito means "to place outside." People with that surname had an ancestor who was given it after being abandoned 

Hippo milk is pink 

If you fart consistently for 6 years and 9 months, enough gas is produced to create the energy of an atomic bomb. 

There are currently more female than male graduate students in psychology 

Ten inches of snow equals one inch of rain in water content., Married with Children is the longest running sitcom. 

There is no conversation more boring than the one where everybody agrees. ~Michel de 

The best way to have a good idea is to have lots of ideas." -Linus Pauling 

Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude. ~ #Quote Ralph Marston 

Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned.- Charles W. Chesnutt, In life you are either a passenger or a pilot, it's your choice. 

The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. ~ Walt Disney 

Learn as though you would never be able to master it; Hold it as though you would be in fear of losing it. Confucius, In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock. Thomas Jefferson 

As a small businessperson, you have no greater leverage than the truth. -Paul Hawken 

The oldest known animal in the world was 'Ming' the 405 year old clam, discovered in 2007 

The average teenager spends 31 hours a week on the internet and 4 hours a week on homework! Learn more here 

Men sweat more than women because women can better regulate the amount of water they lose, The original Cinderella was Egyptian and wore fur slippers 

There used to be caramel-filled M&Ms. They were produced from 2001-2003 and had 36 grams of fat per serving 

Religious sites are more likely to harm your computer with viruses than porn sites 

One in fourteen women in America is a natural blonde. Only one in sixteen men is. 

All clams are born as male. Some transition to female at some point in their lives, The Three Wise Monkeys have names: Mizaru (See no evil), Mikazaru (Hear no evil), and Mazaru (Speak no evil). 

It is illegal in Hawaii to insert pennies into other people's ears 

A woman trying to commit suicide from the Eiffel Tower landed on a car and later married the owner of the car 

Coke drinkers are more likely to be college graduates while Pepsi drinkers are less likely to have attended college! 

Presque Vu is the opposite of Déja Vu, Goober” is another term for peanut - That’s why Goofy Goober is a peanut in the Spongebob movie 

The simple past tense version of the word “dare” is “durst.” 

Sumo wrestlers consume an average of 20,000 calories everyday. 

St. Nicholas (AKA Santa Claus), is buried in Ireland 

Fifty Shades of Grey” was originally developed from a Twilight fan-fiction book, The Snickers bar was named after a horse called “Snickers.” 

Halle Berry's stunt double, in the movie “Catwoman”, is a man. 

The average male orgasm lasts for 6 seconds while the average female orgasm lasts for 23! Take a look at this 

The average man has 11 erections per day and 9 per night. 

Humans, on average, spend 2 years of their life making love, More than 1 million condoms are sold in the U.S. everyday -- This is only 0.4% of the population. 

16 years and 2 months is the average age at which a female in the U.S. loses her virginity 

Chocolate chip cookies were made by accident when the chocolate in the cookie did not melt properly. 

As a way to relieve stress, Steve Jobs would soak his bare feet in the company toilets 

Dr. Suess wrote "Green Eggs and Ham" after his editor dared him to write a book using less than fifty words., There is more alcohol in mouthwash than in wine. 

Social media causes what is referred to as FOMO -- The "fear of missing out." Psychologists say this may heighten anxiety and depression 

Gasoline was once sold in small bottles specifically to cure lice. 

People with blue eyes are better able to see in the dark. 

In most advertisements, the time displayed on a clock is 10:10., For every 'normal" web page, there are five porn pages 

Surgeons who listen to music during operations perform better than those who don't 

Men can read smaller print than women; women can hear better. 

1 in 10, 0r 40 million people in the USA have medical conditions that marijuana can help treat! 

Smiling helps boost the immune system.The body relaxes and is better able to fight off the flu and colds., No Pats, No Problem Still Free Pizza

,Twt or FB corect score of any nfl game,b 4 game starts," G man X, Pitt Y,give me a free big daddy pizza" 1 ent per cust per game, Three passionate kisses a day can double your metabolic rate and can help you lose up to a pound. 

Porcupines float in water. 

She had an unequalled gift... of squeezing big mistakes into small opportunities. 

Integrity has no need of rules. - Albert Camus 

Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it." -Confucius, Every great achievement was once considered impossible." 

❍º°¨¨¨* If you don't have any shadows, you're not standing in the light. 

Give a man a fire & he's warm for the day, but set fire to him & he's warm for the rest of his life ~Terry Pratchett 

"A dream doesn't become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination and cupcakes." 

"There is no such thing as an insignificant enemy." -French Proverb, Every great achievement was once considered impossible." 

❍º°¨¨¨* If you don't have any shadows, you're not standing in the light. 

Give a man a fire & he's warm for the day, but set fire to him & he's warm for the rest of his life ~Terry Pratchett 

"A dream doesn't become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination and cupcakes." 

"There is no such thing as an insignificant enemy." -French Proverb, It takes only two years to learn to talk but a lifetime to learn to keep your mouth shut. - Unknown 

An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox. ~ Chinese Proverb 

The wise man has long ears and a short tongue. ~German proverb 

December 31st is Make Up Your Mind Day 

The housecat is wildlife enemy number one, having destroyed at least 33 bird species -->, Happiness is a state of activity. ~Aristotle 

When thought becomes excessively painful, action is the finest remedy. -Salman Rushdie 

A wounded deer leaps the highest. 

The word user is the word used by the computer professional when they mean idiot. 

Is Experience is a dim lamp, which only lights the one who bears it, For a typical lovemaking session, the man will thrust an average of 60 to 120 times 

Women tend to respond best to compliments about their lips. 

Australian Passports will now have three gender options. Male, female and transgender. 

Saying "pineapple" to someone as their about to sneeze can cause them to "forget" about sneezing 

One in 10 mature couples still react to their partner with the same intensity as those in the first stages of romantic love, The longest Penis ever recorded among all living things ever lived was of Tyrannosaurus Rex at 4 meters..more than 12 ft 

In his life, a man ejaculates around 17 liters of semen which is about half a trillion sperm. 

Mageirocophobia is the intense fear of having to cook 

In Japan, you can buy strawberry flavored Cheetos. 

On average, women cry between 30 and 64 times a year. Men cry up to six times a year., President Winston Churchill was the first person to receive a message with the acronym OMG in it 

There exists a pizza that is made with alcohol! 

Tooth decay can be reduced by kissing, as the mouth becomes 'cleaner' due to the extra saliva 

You can hire a man named,Eric Amaranth for $240, who will watch you having sex and guide you if you’re doing something wrong. 

Every day, about a 200 million acts of sexual intercourse are committed, while the same number of Tweets are sent each day as well, The word "hooker" stems from the name of an area in Manhattan, Corlear's Hook, which was very famous for prostitution 

"Weltbild," Germany’s largest media company, sells pornography books and DVDs and Catholic Church owns it 

You will come to the Indian Ocean if you dig a hole straight down in the US and go to the other end, and not China as is widely believed 

The first man to walk on the moon, Neil Armstrong, submitted his astronaut application a week after the deadline 

In the 1904 Olympics, a guy named Eyser, had participated with a wooden leg and won 6 Gold Medals, The only two bodily responses that can not be controlled by us once started are sneezes and orgasms 

A woman named Kylee Hodgson gave birth to two twins in 2005, one was black and the other one white 

There actually exists a Playboy magazine for blind people, in Braille (reading/writing language for the blind)! 

 
Before the age of 7, over 65% of all children have an imaginary friend! 

Of all the dollar bills that are in circulation, 45% of them have most likely already been in a stripper's G-string!, No only child has been a U.S. President. 

One out of every eight residents in the U.S. lives in California 

Four Corners, AZ, is the only place where a person can stand in 4 states at the same time. 

The original name of Nashville, Tennessee, was Big Salt Lick. 

Dim lights reduce your appetite, The term 007 was derived from 20007, the home zip code of many Washington, D.C. agents. 

There are more doughnut shops per capita in Canada than in any other country. 

The area code in Cape Canaveral, FL, is 321 

It took Leonardo da Vinci 12 years to paint the lips of the Mona Lisa. 

Leonardo da Vinci could draw with one hand while writing with the other., The ball that drops in Times Square every New year’s Eve is named ” Star of hopes”. 

Worldwide, Christmas has been celebrated on 135 different days of the year. 

Elvis Presley was nearsighted. He owned $60,000 worth of prescription sunglasses when he died 

The term 007 was derived from 20007, the home zip code of many Washington, D.C. agents 

Leonardo da Vinci discovered that a tree's rings reveal its age., 54.6% of New Yorkers use public transportation. 

Cost in parts and labor, for an Academy Award Oscar statue is about $300 

In 2005, Bhutan became the first country in the world to ban all sale of nicotine products 

Aerosmith has made more money from Guitar Hero then from the sales of any of their album 

Snakes sleep with both eyes open, "If they can see you love them, you can say anything to them." -Richard Baxter 

Give a man a mask and he will show his real face 

If it doesn't matter in five years, it doesn't matter. ~M. C. Escher 

Someone paid $14,000 for the bra Marilyn Monroe wore in Some Like It Hot. 

A non smoking bartender inhales the equivalent of 36 cigarettes during an eight-hour shift., Bamboo can grow over three feet per day 

Grapes are the most popular fruit in the world 

On Valentine's Day, there is no charge to get married in the Empire State Building's chapel. 

The center of some golf balls contain honey 

"Creativity means Believing you have Greatness!" ~Wayne Dyer, The company “Kinkos” was actually named for the curly hair its founder had 

Vodka works as a hair conditioner 

Studies show that eating chocolate can improve your math skills 

All polar bears are left-handed. 

The most popular pet name in the United States is 'Max, Jack Nicholson once had a job answering Tom and Jerry's fan mail 

Ohio and Minnesota have special license plates for people caught for DUI 

The Hollywood sign weighs 450,000 lbs, averaging nearly 50,000 lbs per letter 

Chef Gordon Ramsey was held at gunpoint for trying to expose an illegal shark fin trade 

July is the month where the amount of sex increases the most, Bees and wasps can be trained like dogs to detect explosives and drugs 

Nickelodeon shows “Doug”, “Ren &amp; Stimpy,” and “The Rugrats” all premiered on the same day - They were the 3 original Nicktoons 

James Cameron was originally going to hire O.J. Simpson to play the part of “Terminator”, but didn’t feel he’d be a believable killer., "Not all of us can do great things. But we can do small things with great love." - Mother Teres 

"Delegating means letting others become the experts and hence the best." Timothy W. Firnsta 
 

“A good cook is like a sorceress who dispenses happiness." Elsa Schiaparelli 

If you love someone, tell them. Because hearts are often broken w/ words left unspoken, The first lighthouse to use electricity was the Statue of Liberty in 1886. 

The first ballpoint pens were sold in 1945 for $12.00 

The first bike was called a hobbyhorse 

"He who is afraid to ask is ashamed of learning. 

"If you can give your son or daughter only one gift, let it be enthusiasm." -Bruce Barton, 70% of the U.S. prison population grew up in single-parent homes 

The average man will spend a year of his life staring at women! 

Pocahontas was actually a nickname that meant "frisky." Her birth name was Matoaka 

A flock of ravens is called an "unkindness." 

We think it It often rains diamonds on Uranus and Neptune, Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity. — George Patton 

The lowest ebb is the turn of the tide. 

Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best. ~Andrew Carnegie 

Dove and Axe are both owned by the same company 

Tug of War" was once an official Olympic sport, John Cena has granted over 250 Make-A-Wish foundation wishes - This is more than any person has ever granted in history. 

Paul McCartney wrote “Hey Jude” as a comfort song for John Lennon’s son, Julian while his parents were getting a divorce 

Happiness depends more on the inward disposition of mind than on outward circumstances. ~ Benjamin Franklin 

If you take care of your character, your reputation will take care of itself. ~ American Proverb

"Our aspirations are our possibilities." - Robert Browning, Astronauts are subject to fingernail delamination - A process in which spacewalks can cause an astronaut’s fingernails to fall off. 

Adolf Hitler’s nephew, William fought for the US against his uncle in WWII. 

Wikipedia banned all users and IP addresses affiliated with the Church of Scientology 

When you do a Google search for “It Gets Better” a rainbow ribbon appears under the search bar., Being a drama queen is an actual personality disorder known as the Histrionic personality disorder that affects women 4 times more than men 

Statistics show that on the first date, Australian women are the most likely to engage in sexual intercourse. 

About 2 out of every 1000 American prostitutes end up being murdered, making it the most dangerous job in the US! 

There are some lions which can have sex over 50 times in just one day! 

Studies have shown that the birth control pill fails 6.2% of the time!, Chicken McNuggets are actually made of beef. They are a hybrid of cows and chickens 

Of all of the New Year's resolutions that are made, about 88% of them end in failure! 

A marriage between a younger man and a much older woman is more likely to end in divorce than vice versa. 

Most people who get divorced get remarried about three to four years after the divorce. Men are more likely to get remarried than women 

There's a divorce every 13 seconds, 90% of long term marriages have some sort of infidelity., The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win you're still a rat." -Lilly Tomlin 

You can't do a kindness too soon because you never know how soon it will be too late - Ralph Waldo Emerson 

Since 2011, in Britain, the most popular name for boys has changed from Oliver to Harry. 

In the United States, about half a million children are living with lesbian or gay parents! 

At least once in their life, two out of every five women have hurled shoes or sandals at a man!, Orange Fanta is the 3rd largest selling soft drink in the world. 

Italy and France produce over 40% of all wine 

There are over 15,000 different kinds of rice 

One human hair can support the weight of about two full size candy bars. 

The average male will ejaculate 7,200 times in his lifetime, A cubic mile of ordinary fog contains less than a gallon of water 

Angelina Jolie's uncle, Chip Taylor, wrote the hit song "Wild Thing" 

1 out of every 8 letters written is an e 

Blue whales can get a sunburn 

You can only see a rainbow if have your back to the sun, In the early stage version of The Wizard of Oz, Dorothy's faithful companion Toto was replaced with a cow named Imogene. 

The Harlem Globetrotters were, originally, a Chicago based team. 

The three e's on the Heineken logo are tilted backwards slightly, making them look like they are smiling 

Abraham Lincoln faces to the right on a penny while all the other presidents face to the left on US coins. 

The first cell phone weighed about 2 pounds, offered just a half-hour of talk time every recharging and sold for $3,995, Cats have 32 muscles that control the outer ear and can rotate it's ears independently 

Albert Einstein was born on Pi Day (3/14/1879). 

Jingle Bells" was first written for Thanksgiving and then became one of the most popular Christmas song 

A gorilla can fart ten times louder than a human being. 

At Centralia High School in Illinois, the boys teams are known as the Orphans. The girls teams are the Annies, Jupiter spins so fast that there is a new sunrise nearly every ten hours. 

A female kangaroo is called a flyer 

A male kangaroo is called a Boomer 

There are over 61,000 pizzerias in the U.S 

The Capitol building in Washington DC has 365 steps to represent every day of the year, It's possible for women to have orgasms by working the abdominal muscles. These are sometimes called "coregasms. 

There is no word you can write using only the bottom row of the keyboard 

The mouth of the Statue of Liberty is three feet wide 

The only one-syllabled U.S. state is Maine 

You don't have to be a lawyer to be a Supreme Court Justice, Stephen Taylor holds the Guinness Record for the longest tongue which measures 3.86 inches from the tip to the middle of the closed top lip 

As a punishment for misbehavior, Thai cops have to wear pink Hello Kitty armbands. 

Lucille Ball was responsible for approving the initial production of the Star Trek series 

Taco Bell changed its logo to match the fictional one seen in Demolition Man 

The trend of wearing sagging jeans actually began in prison when inmates were not allowed to wear belts., "If you only see a goalie, but not the goal, change you attitude and focus

 
Let's play, what should I drink 

while James Cameron was writing his first screen play (Terminator) he was living in his car. 

The 17th US President, Ulysses S. Grant's real name was Hiram Ulysses Grant. Thus giving him the initials H.U.G 

Alec Baldwin has hosted SNL more than any other host, 69% of parents are "friends" with their children on social media websites 

The very first household refrigerators would cost about $16,000 today 

The word "skank" is a mix of "skeevy" and "rank. 

Never stop learning; knowledge doubles every fourteen months 

"If you only see a goalie, but not the goal, change you attitude and focus, Vin Diesel has been playing the Dungeons & Dragons game for over 20 years and is a devoted player of the game 

The most expensive iPhone case costs $116,000! 

Marilyn Monroe's bra sold for $1,400 at Sotheby's store in 1988 

The actor who plays Indiana Jones’s father is only 12 years older than Harrison Ford! 

The first golf balls were made out of wood., The word “pornography” comes from the Greek meaning the “writings of prostitutes 

Hiroo Onoda, a Japanese intel officer kept conducting guerrilla warfare till 1974 on a Philippine island because he didnt know WWII was over 

To encourage Pandas to breed in captivity, zoo keepers show clips of pandas mating (panda porn) to them 

Among the other pallbearers at Bruce Lee's funeral, one o them was Chuck Norris 

An association for blind golfers is present and its motto is "You don't have to see it... to tee it, During WWII, Americans tried to train bats to drop bombs. 

Mosquitoes are attracted to the color blue twice as much as any other colo 

If you cut a 'V' shape into your toe nails, you can prevent 'in-grown' toe nails 

80% of millionaires drive used cars 

Jazz fans and gun owners are among the most sexually active Americans, 95% of people feel uncomfortable when the TV volume is an odd number, do you? 

Despite being a nine-inch-tall bird, the roadrunner can run as fast as a human sprinter 

People with blue eyes are better able to see in the dark. 

You breathe mostly from only one nostril at a time 

The giant crab of Japan can be as large as 12 feet across, People do not get sick due to cold weather -- They get sick because they are indoors more often. 

Studies show couples who watch porn together tend to be more committed. 

Over the past several years, men’s penises have been shrinking! 

Pieces of bread were used to erase pencil marks before the rubber eraser was invented 

Success is not the place one arrives, but rather the spirit with which one undertakes and continues the journey., Men get hiccups more often than women do. 

More than 30 million people in the US suffer from diastema--a gap between the two upper front teeth 

• The Rolling Stones recorded  cereal commercials before they were famous! 

If you'd like to make your zipper slide up and down more smoothly, rubbing a bar of soap along the teeth will help

Someone who collects teddy bears is technically called an "arctophile, Cats purrs exploit our nurturing instinct by incorporating the same frequency as a baby’s cry! 

The best selling art poster in America is Starry Night by Vincent Van Gogh 

Twenty years ago a Japanese farmer created cubed watermelons! 

Nolan Gould (Aka Luke Dunphy), the "dumb kid" on Modern Family is actually a genius in real life, with an IQ of 150 

Females learn to talk earlier, use sentences earlier and tend to read quicker than males, •Parents least favorite goodie to take from their kids’ trick-or-treat bags is licorice (18 percent). 

•90% of parents admit to sneaking goodies from their kids' Halloween trick-or-treat bags. 

•On Halloween night, the majority (52%) of those providing will be chocolate, three‐in‐ten will drop hard candy or lollipops in the sacks 

•Four-in-ten (41%) adults admit that they sneak sweets from their own candy bowl, Tell someone you love them in their LEFT ear. Emotional words have a bigger & more lasting impact when heard in the left ear. 

Men are not punished for their for sins, but by them. 

88% of people use Facebook to keep tabs on Exes according to Western University. 1/3 posted pics to make the ex jealous 

What if cell phones are part of an elaborate plot to rid the world of phone booths so Superman has nowhere to change? 

$150 billion is lost every year to power outages and blackouts in the U.S, Stephane Breitweiser is the biggest art thief of all time. The French waiter stole 239 paintings in 174 different thefts 

In 2005, McDonalds paid rappers to reference Big Macs in their songs! 

The Imperial House of Bonaparte keeps track of Napoleon’s bloodline in case the dynasty gets back in power! 

There's an artist who paints with his penis. His name is "Pricasso." 

You are never more than 10 feet away from a spider., Jesse Owens set four world records in track-and-field in a single hour during the Big 10 championships in 1935 

The last Olympics where performance-enhancing drugs were legal was in 1964 

Studies of infertility treatment show that cold baths can double a man's sperm count in two to three weeks. 

In the US over $43 billion worth of unopened, edible food is discarded every year 

Alcohol cooked in food still has up to 85% of the original alcohol content, In downtown Lima, Peru, there is a large brass statue dedicated to Winnie-the-Pooh. 

Adam Sandler and Bill Gates rank number 1 and 2 among the most popular role models with male college freshmen 

Lyndon B. Johnson was the first president of the United States to wear contact lenses

The first golf balls were made out of wood. 

The Stanford Cardinal is a TREE not a bird. It's the most confusing mascot in the NCAA, In 1994, IKEA became the first company to feature a homosexual couple in a commercial. 
The creators of Adidas and Puma were brothers and they were both Nazis 

Until the age of 12, Robert Pattinson's (Edward Cullen's) two older sisters would dress him up as a girl and call him Claudia 

45% of people believe in ghosts while 10% of us claim to have seen 

Alaska is the only state that can be typed using one row of keys, Albert Einstein did not speak in full sentences until the age of 9. 

Google was originally called BackRub 

God" is the only character on The Simpsons to ever have 5 fingers on each hand 

The most pushups performed in one day by a single person was 46,001. 

About 8% of online sexual searches are for "hot nude grannies.", Atychiphobia is the fear of failure. 

About 50% of breakups now occur via text message. 

Barack Obama told T.V. Guide his favorite cartoon character was Spongebob Squarepants 

Sea otters have been ranked the cutest animal in the world by Animal Planet 

Steve Jobs worked summer jobs at an apple farm and liked the Beatles' record label, Apple. Hence, the company's name., Holding a grudge is letting someone live rent-free in your head... 

The world is but a canvas to the imagination. -Henry David Thoreau 

 “Success is not to be pursued; it is to be attracted by the person we become.” – Jim Rohn 

The will to win is important, but the will to prepare is vital. Joe Paterno 

High schools need to start looking to the future of employment, as opposed to the same old, same old, The privilege of a lifetime is to become who you truly are. Carl Jung 

Whether you think you can or whether you think you can’t, you’re right! – Henry Ford 
I never knew what real happiness was until I got married. And by then it was too late. ~Max Kauffman 

“If I have seen farther than others, it is because I was standing on the shoulders of giants”. ~ Albert Einstein 

Call on God, but row away from the rocks. Hunter S. Thompson, "It is better to conquer yourself than to win a thousand battles. Then the victory is yours. 

Life's problems wouldn't be called "hurdles" if there wasn't a way to get over them 

Happiness? That's nothing more than health and a poor memory. ~Albert Schweitzer 

have never learned anything from someone who agreed with me 

The best way to predict the future is to create it. Peter Drucker, On average, Americans donate 2.2% of their annual income while Britons donate 0.5% 
Facebook uses blue as its main color because founder Mark Zuckerburg is red-green colorblind! 

Women started removing hair from their legs in 400 BCE. They either plucked them with tweezers or singed them with a flame 

Female tears affect a man’s sexual drive! 

In 2000, Japan named Instant Noodles their best invention of the 20th century, A surgeon is the most likely profession to make you an alcoholic 
The first glass bottle made in 700 B.C hasn't even started to decompose yet, that's because glass takes almost 1-2 million yrs to decompose 

More words from Simpsons have been officially added to the dictionary than from the Bible and Shakespeare 

It takes about 8 hours to cut the White House's grass 

Friday the 13th superstition costs businesses between $800 and $900 billion, @Oprah One of my favorite quotes is from Jackie Joyner-Kersee "It is better to look ahead & prepare than to look back & regret." 

A high school girl became first person to fold paper in half 12 x. She derived the math equation that describes the limit of paper folding. 

• Know someone with a new born? Make sure they know that Babies under 12 months 

A woman called "Norma Stitz" has the largest set of natural breasts and her bra cup size is 102ZZZ. 

It has been proven that out of every 3, one lottery winner has financial trouble or is broke within the first 5 years, The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspire 

There are only 2 things I really want in life: 1) Lose weight 2) Eat. 

"Age is just a number" "Yeah, and weed is just a plant" 

The sad truth is we're all missing someone, and hoping they're missing us too. 
Math + English had a relationship. How else did we get Algebra then?, "Almost" is the longest word in the English language with all its letters in alphabetical order. 
Justin Bieber can solve a Rubik's cube in 2 minutes. 
The largest amount of text messages sent by a single person in one month was 
182,68 

Porphyrophobia is the fear of the color purple. 

Every day, about 200 million couples make love, 400,000 babies are born, and 140,000 people die, An "Extreme Gulp" drink sold at 7-11 convenience stores has twice as much liquid as the average human stomach can hold 

New parents will lose 400 to 750 hours of sleep in their baby's first year 

Over 5,000 bodies have been recovered from the bottom of Niagara 

The Earl of Sandwich did not invent the sandwich 

There are kosher sex toys made just for Jews, During the Olympics, whatever village the athletes stay in, the Olympic Committee has 100,000 condoms to be distributed in the village. 

Appearances on Simpsons have been made by 34 of the 43 men who've served as the President of the U.S. 

Women orgasm much faster if their clitoris is closer to their vagina. This was a discovery made by Napoleon Bonaparte's great-grandniece. 

75% of women make birthday wishes. Only 17% of men do 
Black women earn 72 cents & Latinas 60 cents for every $1 that men earn, Leonardo Da Vinci is the man who said the penis 'has a mind of its own 

It wasn't until 1991 that a kiss between women was first shown on TV. 

A couple is most likely to have sex at 10:34 PM 

A good pitcher can make a baseball curve as much as 17.5 inches from a straight path 

Playing a B flat on a tuba arouses male alligators. source, Thirty-five percent of personal ads are placed by people who are already married 

In an international survey,14% of people admit to having slept 
with a friend's lover behind his (or her) bac 

In Japan, you can buy unclean schoolgirl underwear in vending machines 

The first interracial kiss on TV was in 1968 on Start Trek 
65% of male babies in the US are circumcised, The shelf life of a latex condom is about 2 years. 

20% of adults are into masks, blindfolds or bondage 

The condom is named after the Earl of Condom who invented the device for his patient, King Charles II 

According to surveys, over 70% of parents don't say anything to their kids about sex, birth control or how diseases are contracted 

An American teen becomes pregnant every 20 seconds and gives birth every 1.7 minutes, About 4% of the world's population has sex on any given day. 
Over 40 million Americans have chronic bad breath. 

Approximately 90% of the human population has an innie belly button 

You will become as small as your controlling desire; as great as your dominant aspiration. 

The Volkswagen company has awarded over 500 savings bonds to babies born in its cars, Sylvester Graham invented the Graham cracker under the impression that the taste would stop people from masturbating 

Every eight seconds, a human life is lost due to tobacco use somewhere in the world. This equals about 5 million deaths every year. 

Secondhand smoke contains more than 50 cancer-causing chemical compounds and 11 of them are known to be Group 1 carcinogens 

Every 20 minutes, 1,851,000 statuses are updated on Facebook 

One in every eight American workers has been employed by McDonald's, About 20% of all photos this year will end up on Facebook! 
In Barrow, Alaska, there are 84 consecutive days of solely daylight 

Johnny Depp holds the record for the largest paycheck for a single movie! 
There were more tweets about Osama Bin Laden's death than any other topic to date 

The word "hello" was actually invented because no one knew how to start a telephone conversation, People are not lazy. They simply have impotent goals -- that is, goals that do not inspire them. - Tony Robbins 

Minnesota has 90,000 miles of shore line, more than California, Florida and Hawaii combined 

Exactly 50% of smart phone users in both the U.S. and Canada said they used their phone to search for grub or drink 

The Mayflower did not land at Plymouth Rock. The pilgrims actually landed at Provincetown on Cape Cod 

The term 'rock and roll' comes from African American slang expression for sex, Hello Sandy, Big Daddys is open for Business
we will be devlivering as long as we can

Without a struggle their is no reason to appreciate the accomplishment when it happens.~Dr. Stephen Jones 

Every morning we are born again. What we do today is what matters most.” ~Siddhartha 

Appreciation can make a day, even change a life. Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary, On average, women's public restrooms contain about twice as much bacteria than men's 

On average, 12 newborn babies are given to the wrong parents every day 

William Shakespeare was dyslexic 

The most commonly hated sound is that of someone throwing up. 

Genghis Khan, Adolf Hitler, Benito Mussolini, Napoleon Bonaparte and LaToya Jackson all share a common fear of cats, Coca Cola products are so many in number that it'd take you 9 years to try them all if you tried one per day 

Due to a lack of an alcohol-digesting enzyme found in European drinking levels, one-third of Asians tend to glow after drinking. 

The regular 10 dollar bill from 1914 pictured a man growing hemp 

Researchers found that imagining doing exercises actually increases muscle strength 

An average man will spend 145 days of his life shaving, If you don't know where you are going, you will wind up somewhere else." -Yogi Berra 

Wile E Coyote finally catches Roadrunner on the 31st anniversary episode of the series. 

"I Fill Myself with Love... & I Send that Love Out into the World" ~Wayne Dyer 

How beautiful it is to do nothing, and then to rest afterward-Spanish Proverb. 

Alcohol doesn't solve any problems, but then again, neither does milk ~Unknown, Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships. ~ Michael Jordan 

challenge your kids to it too Carry out ONE random act of kindness a day, w/ no expectation 

We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police. 

I ask not for a lighter burden, but for broader shoulders. -Jewish Proverb 

Nodding the head does not row the boat. Irish Proverb, The slang term "crunk" came about as a mix of the 2 adjectives "crazy" and "drunk." 

There is a perfume made to smell like Play-Doh for "highly creative people." 

Aging is not lost youth but a new stage of opportunity and strength. Betty Friedan 

Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment." -Oprah 

True love comes quietly, without banners or flashing lights. If you hear bells, get your ears checked. - Erich..., Lil Wayne's first rap name was "Shrimp Daddy." 

If you are 6 feet 2 inches tall, then you are taller than 94% of the world. 

Jim Parsons, AKA Sheldon Cooper from the Big Bang Theory is actually 38 years old. 

Vasocongestion" is the medical term for "blue balls. 

There is a vaginal scented perfume., In 1968, both political parties considered nominating Vince Lombardi for vice president 

During the 2002 World Cup, a South Korean soccer fan set himself on fire to motivate his team to win 

Yai Yam-Uarn killed his wife when she tried to switch the channel during the World Cup 

Men find women dressed in red more sexually attractive and will spend more money on a date with her 

British spies had planned to feminize Hitler by sneaking estrogen into his food!, It costs $20,000 per football game to broadcast the yellow line 

There was a porn shot at the LA Coliseum in 2001, which consisted of 40 minutes of group sex on the field at night using stadium lights 

80% of all Super Bowl tickets go to corporate sponsors 

James Naismith is the inventor of basketball and the only basketball coach at Kansas U to have a losing record 

The Philadelphia Phillies are the losingest North American sports team with over 10,000 losses, Life in the twentieth century is like a parachute jump: u have to get it right the first time." ~ Margaret Mead 

The novel 'Gone With the Wind' was originally titled 'Pansy' 
It's estimated that 10-40% of major paintings for sale are fake 

You are legally entitled to $500 every time a telemarketer calls you after you tell them to stop 

About 67 minutes of an NFL game consist of watching the players just standing there, The one who loves the least, controls the relationship. ~ Robert Anthony.

Some relationships are like Tom & Jerry.They tease each other, knock down each other, irritate each other, but can't live without each other

Beautiful thoughts, build a beautiful soul. — Wayne Dyer

Self-confidence is infectious, so is uncertainty.

3.6 times and with a hint of sarcasm.  “@OMGFacts: Women apologize on average 5.2 times a day. Men 3.6 times, If you can walk, you can dance. If you can talk, you can sing

Everything you can imagine is real. Pablo Picasso

"If you care at all,you'll get some results. If you care enough, you'll get incredible results..."

The Declaration's signing didn't begin until August 2 and finished sometime in November.

Adams & Jefferson died July 4, 1826, the Declaration's 50th ann. James Monroe died on July 4, 1831, Calvin Coolidge was born July 4, 1872., CDs are read from the inside to the outside edge--the reverse of how a record works

The bubbles in Guiness Beer sink to the bottom rather than float to the top

Girls who trust their fathers have significantly better communication and trust with their boyfriends

Jack Black's parents are both rocket scientists

I-believe-in-you: 4 of the most powerful words in leadership, Lost time in traffic could cost American businesses up to 100 billion dollars per year

The chance of contracting an infection during a hospital stay in the USA is 1 in 15
Expand Collapse 

1 in 5 men proposed on his knees

Since her husband’s death in 2010, Argentinian President has worn a different black outfit every day

Inside a cow, a milk's temperature is 101 degrees Fahrenheit
Expand Collapse, The Simpsons actually started off as animated shorts on The Tracey Ullman Show in 1987.

Matt Groening, the creator of The Simpsons, allegedly designed the Simpson family in ten minutes

On January 14, 2000, the Simpson family was awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of 

The Empire State Building was illuminated yellow as part of the DVD and Blu-ray Disc promotion for The Simpsons Movie

Nearly half of all psychiatrists have been attacked by one of their patients, Sea otters hold hands while sleeping so they don't drift away from each other

Pie crusts can be extra crispy by using vodka instead of water when making them

There is an official Rock, Paper, Scissors League.

Elephants have been known to keep standing even after they die.

The creators of Pringles had his ashes stored in a Pringles can after he died., Time for NFL Football and Free Pizza
 
Tweet or FaceBook the Correct score of any NFL football game tommorw and win a Free cheese Pizza
 
 
“ Pats x¸Rams y, Give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza,

 
One guess , per game, per customer. All guesses must be in before game starts, Research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing." ~ #quote Von Braun

The best time to make friends is before you need them. - Ethel Barrymore

Staying awake for 17 hours has the same effect on your body as drinking 2 glasses of wine

In the original Italian story, Pinocchio kills Jiminy Cricket with a hammer

The Hunger Games" holds the record for highest advanced ticket sales for a non-sequel movie, Bella: "It's my birthday, can I ask for something? Kiss me

Creativity is intelligence having fun. ~ Albert Einstein

You’re a different human being to everybody you meet. -Chuck Palahniuk

"When you really care about someone, their happiness matters more than yours
Expand Collapse 

Once you make a decision, the universe conspires to make it happen~Emerson, A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous. Ingrid Bergman

"Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected." - Steve Jobs...

We do not suffer so much from what happens. We suffer mostly from R own reaction 2 what happens".Jetsunma

Only in a police state is the job of a policeman easy. -- Orson Welles
Expand Collapse 

The future depends on what we do in the present. - Mahatma Gandhi, Pumpkin Pie Cupcake $1.99

Pumpkin Cake Filled With Pumpkin Pie Filling Topped Wiyh Pumpkin Butter Cream And Crumpled Pe Crust, In 2008, Burger King released a meat-scented cologne called "Flame

The average price of a slave worldwide is $90 - You would probably pay less for a slave than a new iPod

Men who have more trouble controlling laughter and also have more trouble controlling sexual arousal.

If you search "Who's the cutest" using Google's "I'm Feeling Lucky," it will say "YOU ARE"

Women who regularly jog live about 5.6 years longer on average than women who do not jog., The Netherlands is closing 8 prisons due to a lack of prisoners!

In the US the typical school year is 180 days. In China it's 251 days

The new 'trente' sized Starbucks cup is so large that it can hold an entire bottle of wine

The color green used to be considered unlucky in Ireland since it was associated with fairies who stole children and brides

You are more likely to vote for whatever is at the top of the list due to a psychological condition called "order effect, Many people have included in their will that wanted their ashes to be dumped at Disney's 

OMG customers at any of the resorts and parks are only allowed to hug a character for $5 with a maximum of four hugs per customer

One in three people will be involved in an alcohol-related crash in their lifetime

The number of calories in Girl Scout cookies sold each year totals about 210,162,000,000

When it was released, Bohemian Rhapsody was the most expensive song ever produced, Most companies abide by the same rules and regulations but Disney enforces a strict rule that employees cannot date each other

When Disney first launched its theme park, Walt himself made sure that an apartment was built on-site so he could look after operations 24/7

Mickey only has four fingers becouse illustrators thought he would look weird with 5. it's said to have saved Walt Disney Studios millions.

Walt's given name is d'Isigny - pronounced "Deez-nay", from a small village in France. To make it more commercial ,it was changed to "Disney

Walt Disney's favourite meal was chili with beans, tomato juice and soda crackers, When the student is ready, the master appears. ~ Buddhist Proverb

He who angers you conquers you. - Elizabeth Kenny

Everything is okay in the end, if it's not ok, then it's not the end

 “It is not a lack of love, but a lack of cupcakes that makes unhappy marriages."

I"m so optimistic I'd go after Moby Dick in a row boat and take the tartar sauce with me. Zig Ziglar, It is when we forget ourselves that we do things which will be remembered~Anonymous

learned that good judgment comes from experience and that experience grows out of mistakes. ~ Omar Bradley

Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life. -- Golda Meir

Gratitude is the starting point of generosity. ~@Lotay

A #2 pencil and a dream can take you anywhere. - Joyce A. Myers, There is a 9.7% increase happiness on Fridays compared to the most unhappy day of the week, Monday.

Yawns are not only contagious among humans, but among dogs as well

Wasps emit an "alarm pheromone" when you kill them, summoning the rest of their colony.

If the world was perfect, it wouldn't be-Yogi Berra

No One Knows Enough to be a Pessimist." ~Wayne Dyer, The Harry Potter movies, planking and Rihanna were the most talked about topics on 

Jermaine Jackson named his son "Jermajesty."

The clouds and the bushes in Super Mario Bros are exactly the same except for their 

A 2006 Yale study found that women who ride bicycles more often are less likely to experience orgasms

On average, students send and receive 3 text messages during every class, All together" is written separated and "separated" is written all together.

You can have a bath in coffee, green tea or wine in a spa in Japan to boost the mood and revitalize the skin.

In the last two weeks, about 50% of women and 26% of men would've had unwanted sex.
Expand Collapse 

When it comes to lions, 90% of the time it's the female that hunts. The males mostly rest
Expand Collapse 

If you hang upside down and eat something, it will still go to your stomach without hindrance., I think that we can call agree that the best way to load the dishwasher is the way you do it.

They finally invented a computer as smart as a person. When it makes a mistake, it blames another computer

big number use helmets Over 400,000 children go to the emergency room for bicycle-related injuries every year

Coke makes so many different beverages that if you drank one per day, it would take you over 9 years to try them all.

Google often inserts little hidden jokes or features, known as Easter eggs, into its products., Fidel Castro has slept with over 35,000 women. 

Men tend to spend more money when they are not in a relationship. 

Aggression, the writer's main source of energy. 

Fleas can accelerate 50 times faster than the space shuttle. 

If you pour a handful of salt into a full glass of water, the water level will actually go down rather than overflowing the glass, The brake light in the rear windows was put there after a suggestion by Elizabeth Dole 

Nearly 20% of all vehicles stolen had the keys in them. 

A lobsters blood is colorless,but when exposed to oxygen it turns blue 

Macadamia nuts are toxic to dogs. 

M&M's chocolate stands for the initials for its inventors Mars and Murrie, In eastern Africa you can buy beer brewed from bananas. 

There are 22 stars in the Paramount studios logo. 

White cats with blue eyes are usually deaf. 

The film 'Mary Poppins' was filmed entirely indoors 

In a recent survey it was found that porn, in general, makes up 40% of the entire internet!, A NASA intern by the name of Thad Roberts was sentenced to 7 years in federal prison because he had sex on a bed full of stolen moon rocks. 
The largest cocktail of all time was a 6,350 Gallon margarita. Yours will be slightly smaller tonigh 

Famous american astronaut, Buzz Aldrin got “buzz” as his nickname because his sister always mispronounced the word “brother” as “buzzer 

Johnny Depp doesn't like to watch his own movies and is also scared of clowns 

The average man has 7 sexual partners in his lifetime, the average woman only has 4. Where do you rank, You can't say the letters B, M or P without letting your lips touch each other 
Even a fake smile fools the body into releasing endorphins which can make you feel better. 

Out of every 10 condoms that are sold, women buy 4 of them. 

All the comments made online by Donald Trump are first handwritten by him on a piece of paper, signed, scanned and then e-mailed. 

Hollywood actress Nicole Kidman still hasn't been able to overcome her fear of butterflies, Only about 15% of men use the slit in their underwear. 
According to the Ikea furniture company, one in ten Europeans got pregnant on an Ikea bed! 

Hollywood actor Pierce Brosnan once held a job of performing in the circus as a fire eater! 

Aerosmith has made more money from Guitar Hero than from album sales. source 

Sex boxes" exist in Zurich - places where men can park their cars to have sex with prostitutes without disturbing the neighborhood, There are over 50,000 people in the U.S. who are over 100 years old 

The same baby turtles in 1976's Rocky appear fully grown in the sequel, 30 years later! 

Coke tested a vending machine that automatically raised prices in hot weather 

A remix of the Star Wars Theme is the best selling instrumental single of all time! 

Most microwaves use more energy powering their digital clocks than heating food!, London is the only city to host the #Olympics 3 times! 
In 2002, a woman got stuck for 7 hours in an airline toilet. She had to wait until the flight landed to have technicians remove her 
The most-sold alcohol in the US is vodka 

There’s only one man alive who was born in the 1800s and when he dies, everyone will be from the 1900s or later! 

Due to the popularity gained by the use of Homer Simpson, "D'oh" has been added to the Oxford English Dictionary., An iPhone app called "RingShuffle" gives you a temporary fake phone number, so you can switch it up when you don't want people calling you 
Spongebob has worked at the Krusty Krab for at least 31 years. 

The Harry Potter series has been translated into more than 65 languages, one of which is Ancient Greek 

I don't know a better preparation for life than a love of poetry and a good digestion 

God could not be everywhere, and therefore He made mothers, studies find that you are 14% more likely to die on your b day from b day excess 

The safest car color is white 

Einstein slept 10 hours a night 

The $ sign was introduced in 1788. 

The meaning of 'Blue Chip' comes from blue casino chips which have a high value, Fly's always launch backwards for a quick getaway. 

Before mercury, brandy was used to fill thermometers 

The first penny had the motto "Mind your own business". 

The first MTV video was "Video Killed the Radio Star," by the Buggles. 
In 1926, the first outdoor mini-golf courses were built on rooftops in NYC, An ant can lift 50 times its own weight. 

No word in the English language rhymes with month. 

Quantum Teleportation is possible! not only that, but IBM succeeded in making it happen over 20 years ago! 

The mango is the most popular fruit worldwide, It costs 2.41 cents to mint a penny. In 2011, the US lost over $60 million making pennies 

Some polls found that up to 84% of Americans believe God performs miracles 

The Beatles bought a private island so they could retire together. 

50% of Uganda is under the age of 15! 

Sprinkling sugar on a wound helps it heal faster!, The largest flight had 1,122 passengers. 3 babies were born on it! 

37% of men keep their eyes open when kissing - only 3% of women do this 

Cat owners are actually 30% less likely to have a heart attack 

As a child, Hillary Clinton wrote to NASA inquiring on how to become an astronaut - NASA replied saying girls could not be astronauts. 

The term "quirkyalone" refers to someone who enjoys being single and doesn't want to date just anybody, Money won't create success, the freedom to make it will. Nelson Mandela
Smile... it's the second best thing to do with your lips
Remember that silence is sometimes the best answer. ~ Dalai Lama

The secret in education lies in respecting the student. Ralph Waldo Emerson

If you cant be a good example, at least be a terrible warning!, Time is nature's way of keeping everything from happening at once. - Allen, Woody

When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve ~ Napoleon Hill

The best birth order mix for a happy marriage is eldest-born female and last-born male

You can restore your razor blades by rubbing them on your blue jeans

A new app scans people's faces at bars to tell you which bars are best to go to!, It takes only two years to learn to talk but a lifetime to learn to keep your mouth shut. - Unknown 

An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox. ~ Chinese Proverb 

The wise man has long ears and a short tongue. ~German proverb 

December 31st is Make Up Your Mind Day 

The housecat is wildlife enemy number one, having destroyed at least 33 bird species worldwide!, If you collapse an underwater bubble with a soundwave, light is produced, and nobody knows why! 

A popular brand of jeans in Japan called, Prison Blues, are made by prisoners here in the US 

There are 3 places named 'Hell' in the world. Hell, Michigan, Hell, Norway and Hell, Grand Cayman Islands 

Right-handed people live, on average, 9 years longer than left-handed people 

King Louis XIV was offered biological weapons by a chemist. He refused to buy and paid him to never sell them!, Everyone wants to live on top of the mountain, but all the happiness and growth occurs while you're climbing it. - Andy Rooney 
If you work really hard and are kind, amazing things will happen. 

When you're dying of thirst it's too late to think about digging a well 

Life affords no greater responsibility, no greater privilege, than the raising of the next generation 

Become a student of change. It is the only thing that will remain constant." - Anthony J. D'Angelo, When sexually aroused, about 40% of humans often make the same voices as what a dog would make! 

In Family Guy, the character 'Glenn Quagmire' is supposed to be 61 years old, according to his driver's license shown in FOX-y Lady episode 

The mother of Selena Gomez was only 16 years old at the time when she gave birth to her 

It is reported that even from 1.8 miles away, the male gypsy moth can tell if a female gypsy moth is a virgin or not, just by its scent! 

About one third of girls living in America get pregnant before even turning 20!, In 1987, $40,000 was saved by the American Airlines company solely due to there being one less olive in each salad served in first-class! 

Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking. ~William Sprague 

If you can't ignore an insult, laugh it off.. and if you can't laugh it off, it's probably deserved. -J. Russel Lynes 

If you have zest and enthusiasm, you attract zest and enthusiasm. Life does give back in kind. Norman Vincent Peale 

Every man can tell how many goats or sheep he possesses, but not how many friends, Swallowing semen can reduce a woman’s risk of developing a dangerous pregnancy condition called “pre-eclampsia.” 

The average Facebook user sends 8 friend requests a month. 

People, on average, will kiss on the second date as opposed to the first 

According to a survey conducted in "The Art of Kissing", 96% of women enjoy having their neck kissed the most. 

If you Google "zerg rush", Google will eat the search page, You've only got 3 choices in life — give up, give in, or give it all you've got." 

You'll be surprised to know how far you can go from the point where you thought it was the end." 

7000 brain cells die every day as a human ages, but having regular sex may help build new ones 

In a survey, random people were offered a million bucks if they'd leave their spouse for one night 2 out of every 3 people refused the offer 

In the WWII, the Soviet troops were reported to have raped every third German woman in Berlin, When having regular sex, only 25% of the time do women have an orgasm, but during oral sex, the stats rise up to 81%! 
Beyonce is so skilled at this board game, she once beat Kanye West 9 times in a row 

A Mentos commercial asked the Singaporeans to solve the issue of low birthrate by having sex on the country's independence day, 9th of Aug. 

Hugh Hefner, the publicist of Playboy, is a huge supporter of gay rights since the 1950's. 

Marijuana was used as a “truth serum” on the people under investigation, by an American intelligence agency, in the early 1940s., Squidward from Spongebob Squarepants is an octopus, not a squid. 

The more men masturbate, the lower their chance of getting Prostate Cancer 

McDonald’s hamburgers do not decompose - Even after being left out for 6 months 

During sex, women are more likely to orgasm if they are wearing socks 

A hug that lasts for 20 seconds releases oxytocin, which can make someone trust you more, Math has to grow up so I don't have to solve it's problems anymore..... 

Butterball has one of the highest satisfaction ratings of any other brand in America. 

Charles Darwin married his cousin after making a pros and cons list 

Gangsters attempted to raise $500,000 to post bail for singer Selena’s killer so they could murder her 

The human eye has around 576 megapixels, One Japanese company, YKK, manufactures 90% of all the zippers in the world 
James Cameron was living in his car when he wrote Terminator 

In Medieval England, people thought it was impossible to get pregnant without having an orgasm 

France is the only agriculturally self-sufficient country in Europe. 

University of Chicago cancelled its football program in 1939 because it thought big time sports were corrupting schools., Clocks go clockwise because sundials were originally used in the Northern Hemisphere. 

Jackie Chan once shot over 2900 retakes for one scene 

n 2005, the cardboard box was inducted into the Toy Hall of Fame 

Hugh Jackson only accepted the cameo in X-Men Origins because he got to use the f-word 

You can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get." - Michael Phelps, People seldom notice old clothes if you wear a big smile. Lee Mildon 

People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing ~ that's why we recommend it daily. ~ Zig Ziglar 

It's not your job to like me - it's mine." - Byron Katie 

Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep." Scott Adams 

Minutes are worth more than money. Spend them wisely. - Thomas P. Murphy, There are actually 4 types of hand orientations: right-handed, left-handed, ambidextrous and mixed-handed. 

Scientists have found a way to "grow" bacon from stem cells.  

A full head of human hair (about 150,000 strands) is strong enough to support the weight of 2 full grown elephants 

Koalas have fingerprints nearly identical to the fingerprints of humans 

If you want to improve, be content to be thought foolish and stupid. ~Epictetus, English women in the 17th century, baked a kind of bread by sitting on raw dough, kneading it with their privy parts to make it aphrodisiac 
Even a fake smile fools the body into releasing endorphins which can make you feel better 

The light bulb was actually invented by Joseph Swan, while 9 out of 10 people believe that Thomas Edison invented it. 

Majority of the Asians have a blue birth mark on their butt, called the Mongolian spot. 
The sale of vodka generates about 10 percent of the Russian government's income, Flamin’ Hot Cheetos can cause your poop to turn red! 

Minnie Mouse’s first name is really Minerva. 

Georgians have a word for when you're full, but can't stop eating a good meal. It's "shemomedjamo." 

About 200 calories are burned during an intense sex session. That's the equivalent of running 15 minutes on a treadmill 

Pumbaa from "The Lion King" was the first character to fart in a Disney movie, The term "happily ever after" was originally used as "happily until they died 
Your earlobes line up with your nipples 
The average woman spends about 2 years of her lifetime looking at herself in a mirror. Men spend about 6 months. 

People are most truthful in face-to-face conversations and lie the most over the phone. 

The French eat four times as much butter, 60% more cheese, and nearly three times as much pork compared to the rest of the world, Kobe Bryant’s middle name is Bean. 
Humans fetuses actually react to rock music by kicking 
Girls who trust their fathers to tend to have better communication and longer relationships with their boyfriends. 

Nomophobia (no-mobile-phone phobia) is the fear of being without your cellphone or losing your signal 

Squidward appears in more episodes of Spongebob Squarepants than Patrick, The average bra is designed to last for 180 days. 

Whatever" has been voted the most annoying word in the world for 3 years in a row 

People who have sex once or twice a week tend to have stronger immune systems 

The average German eats 114 chocolate bars a year - The average American eats 51 

Repeatedly hitting something until you get it to work is actually called “percussive maintenance, Sloppy handwriting skills of doctors are responsible for over 7000 deaths each year 

In a survey, it was found that people who drank beer a lot, were more likely to have sex on their first dates than those who don't. 

World's shortest horror story consists of only two sentences. "The last man on Earth sat alone in a room. There was a knock on the door 

In 2010. McDonald's mistakenly packed and distributed 5000 Happy Meals with coloured condom instead of toy 

Around 22,000 people commit suicide due to credit card debts and this has become one of the leading causes of suicide in the Western world, After taking out a loan of $1000 from his mother, Playboy founder, Hugh Hefner founded the Playboy Empire 

On Titanic, there were binoculars to look out for dangers but it was locked in a box and no one had the key 

To stop his army from getting STD's like syphilis after having sex with prostitutes, Hitler 

Every year in America, about $25 billion is spent on beer alone! 

While in high school, current American President Barack Obama was also called "O'Bomber" because of his skills in basketball, In 2005, a journalist was sued by Donald Trump for $5 bn for mentioning him as a millionaire in one of his article and not a billionaire. 

The only two bodily responses that can not be controlled by us once started are sneezes and orgasms. 

More men than women are victims of domestic violence in America at 53% 

Out of all the organs in the human body, the clitoris (in females) is the only organ with just one purpose: pleasure 

The reason why men find high heels sexy is because it induces the arched back posture animals naturally show when having sex, Barely three hours before his album was due rapper Eminem wrote and recorded the song The Real Slim Shady so it was almost not in the album 
In the United States, about half a million children are living with lesbian or gay parents! 

Every day, about a 200 million acts of sexual intercourse are committed, while the same number of Tweets are sent each day as well! 

100% women experience an increase in testosterone levels after hearing the sounds of sports cars like Ferraris and Lamborghinis. 

Studies have shown that during sex, black women are 50% more likely to have an orgasm than women of any other skin color!, Elvis Presley was born blonde and did not have naturally black hair. As he grew older he chose to dye it black 

Only 1 out of 20 women delivers a baby on her predicted due date 

Only about 34% of people believe that being straight or gay is a choice, while the rest 

There exists a disease which reverses the temperature detecting mechanism in humans causing hot to feel as cold and cold as hot 

The splitting of World trade center was originally planned for the ending of Men In Black 2 but it was changed after the 9/11 attack, If small quantity of VIAGRA is added to a vase of water the life span of cut flowers in it increases by a week. 

Happy are those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true.~ Leon Suenes 

If you have knowledge, let others light their candles with it. -Winston Churchill 

Be friendly to everyone. Those who deserve it the least need it the most." - Bo Bennett 

Relativity applies to physics, not ethics." -Albert Einstein, Milk Chocolate Frosted Cupcakes $1.99 

Vanilla Cake Topped With Milk Chocolate Frosting And White Chocolate Chips, The greatest danger to our future is apathy." Jane Goodall 
"I would like to paint the way a bird sings." Claude Monet 

Halloween is serious business. Retailers expect Americans to spend about $8 billion on the day, 

The strength of the heart comes from the soundness of the faith. Saudi Arabian Proverp

STRESSED Spelled backwards! Is DESSERTS, A used pair of Queen Elizabeth's underwear sold for $18,000 on eBay. 

Studies show that cockroaches do not like to be left alone and feel depressed when they have no friends 

Putting dry tea bags in a pair of smelly shoes will help absorb the unpleasant odor 

Luis Garavito, the world's most dangerous serial killer (140 victims) only has to serve 22 years in prison and should be released in 2021 

There are 101 flavors of Pringles throughout the world., Lips are 100 times more sensitive than the tips of the fingers. 

According to NASA, the perfect nap should last no more than 26 minutes 

In 1946, Walt Disney produced an animated film called "The Story of Menstruation 

The distance from your wrist to your elbow is the same length as your foot. 

Pushing your tongue against the roof of your mouth will cure you of brain freeze, Pushing your tongue against the roof of your mouth will cure you of brain freeze. 

The human brain can only maintain 150 stable social relationships 

Cypridophobia is the fear of prostitutes 

italian coffee drinkers have more top quality sex then normal coffee drinkers 

Coffee drinkers have more sex than non-coffee drinkers, Happiness is a choice not a chance." Bille Baty 

We have more possibilities available in each moment than we realize." ~ Thich Nhat Hanh 

Silence is sometimes the answer." 

The more beauty you see in others, the more beautiful you become 

I'm thankful to those who said NO, because of them I did it myself. - Albert Einstein, A good listener is usually thinking about something else." -Kin Hubbard 

Defeat isn't bitter if you don't swallow it." 

Our attitude towards others determines their attitude towards us. ~ E. Nightingale 

Do what you say so others will say what you do." -Robert Connelly 

The truth of a thing is the feel of it, not the think of it." ~Stanley Kubrick, If you light a lamp for someone else it will also brighten your path." ~ Buddha 

There is nothing stronger in the world than gentleness. ~ Han Suyin 

The way to the heart is through the ears. ~ #Quote Katie Hurley 

To find something you can enjoy is far better than finding something you can possess. -Glenn Holm 

The only difference between me and a madman is that I'm not mad. #quote Salvador Dali, Marie Curie's notebooks are still TOO RADIOACTIVE to be handled! 

Hitler added the 3 stoges to his personal kill list. After they made "You Nazty Spy! 

Ostriches can run faster than horses, and the males can roar like lions. 

Laughing when you get tickled is a panic response. That's why you can't tickle yourself! 

It is better to travel well than to arrive. - The Buddha, There were 15,000 bars in the US in the year before Prohibition and 30,000 then illegal bars 8 years later 

The word “PEZ” comes from the German word for peppermint—PfeffErminZ 

Roger Ebert and Oprah Winfrey went on a couple dates in the mid-1980s. It was Roger who convinced her to syndicate her talk show. 

Hawaiian Punch was originally developed in 1934 as a tropical flavored ice cream topping 

The third man to walk on the MOON ad-libbed his first words to WIN a $500 bet, QR codes have been popping up in cemeteries. When you scan a code on a gravestone, you can read an obituary and see photos of the deceased. 

Only 1 McDonald’s has turquoise arches. The government in Sedona, Arizona thought the yellow would look bad w/ red rock of the city 

BACON sandwiches really do cure HANGOVERS! 

Every year, ~6 million animals enter US animal shelters. 3 to 4 million die because they're not adoped! 

Buzz Aldrin’s MOTHER’s maiden name was MOON!, White Castle made VEGETARIAN burgers for Kal Penn when he was FILMING Harold and Kumar! 
Rolex watches WEREN'T expensive until the 1980's! 

The Chinese Government had to crack down on people hiring STRIPPERS for FUNERALS! 

The sun is white and only appears yellow to us due to atmospheric scattering of blue light 

Ronald Reagan was denied a movie role because he didn’t look presidential enough!, Relearn everything. Let every moment be a new beginning." ~Zen Proverb 

He who seeds a thought, harvests a destiny." ~Zen Proverb 

"If you don't ask, the answer is always I dont know 

The difference between who you are and who you want to be is what you do." 

Be realistic in your views, but never stop trying to improve the world, Its Sunday Time for Free Pizza. FB us the Correct Score of any NFL game Before the game starts. " Pats X entrJets Y , Give me a Free Pizza" 1 entry per customer per game

Good Luck, A friend or close family member is the person responsible in almost 80% of all murder and rape cases. 

Instead of the boob jobs, "Vaginal Plastic Surgery," is now the most common type of plastic surgery requested by the women. 

The chances of a woman being raped are higher than the chances of learning how to read/write, if that woman is born in South Africa! 

In the 1904 Olympics, a guy named Eyser, had participated with a wooden leg and won 6 Gold Medals. 

The more active your sex life is, the more pheromones you release to attract the opposite sex, There are some lions which can have sex over 50 times in just one day! 

There is a 50 percent chance that a lost remote control is buried under sofa cushions and a 4 percent chance that it is in the 

Sometimes saying "no" to current opportunities is really saying "yes" to current commitments & priorities. 

Love will find a way. Indifference will find an excuse." 

Life is the art of drawing without an eraser. - John W. Gardner, If your book doesn't keep you up nights when you are writing it, it won't keep anyone up nights reading it."~JamesA.Michener 

It is curious that physical courage should be so common in the world, and moral courage so rare." — Mark Twain 

No one is in charge of your happiness except you 

Don't worry about the people in your past; there's a reason they didn't make it into your future 

Relearn everything. Let every moment be a new beginning." ~Zen Proverb, I never expect to lose. Even when I'm the underdog, I still prepare a victory speech. - H. Jackson Browne 

When I've painted a woman's bottom so that I want to touch it, then the painting is finished - Pierre Auguste Renoir 

work on mastering the iphoneThis app contains 100 iPhone secrets that you use to impress your friends and save time when using your device! 

texting the same phrases over and over, Go to settings, general, keyboard, shortcuts, and type out any phrase in the text box 

Simply tap the clock at the top-center of the screen and it should quickly scroll up to the top of the page!, turn on a iphone keyboard that's full of pictures by going into settings, general, keyboard, international keyboards, add new keyboard, & Emoji. 

Find My iPhone feature is one that you must activate if you want to protect your device 

If you press and release both the home and power buttons at the same time, then you'll see a quick flash on the screen 

There are 52 playing cards in a deck to represent the 52 weeks in a year - The four suits represent the 4 seasons. 

Most people skip the first slice of bread because it simply looks “ugly” to them, IiPhone "hard reset" press and hold down both the home button and the power button at the same time til u see the Apple logo appear 

The Nintendo Wii, Playstation and XBox are all banned in China, even though they are all manufactured in China 

A teaspoon of sugar after eating something really spicy will completely neutralize the heat sensation. 

On How I Met Your Mother, Lily’s annoying ex-boyfriend (Scooter) is played by David Burtka, Neil Patrick Harris’ real-life partner 

Flavor Flav knows how to play 4 instruments - The guitar, piano, drums and the oboe, Gene Simmons, from the band Kiss, was an elementary school teacher before becoming a rockstar 

As part of sex rehab, Tiger Woods was asked to write down the names of women he has slept with. He wrote down 120 names 

The average woman smiles 62 times a day. The average man smiles only 8 times 

You can stop mosquito bites from itching by running them under hot water. 

Babies born in autumn or winter are more likely to develop a food allergy than those born in spring or summer, Chocolate Coffee Cupcake$0.99 while supplies last

Flourless Chocolate Cake Topprd With Coffee Butter Cream And Dark Chocolate Ganache, Brazilians have a word for "tenderly running your fingers through your lover's hair," Cafuné 
Research shows that men tend to fall in love after just three dates, but women don't fall in love until date 14 

Scottish people have a word for that awkward hesitation before you have to introduce someone whose name you can't remember. It's "Tartle 

Most teddy bears are manufactured with a neutral expression so children can project their own emotions onto them. 

The wedding cake was not always eaten by the bride. Originally, it was thrown at her to symbolize her fertility, A classic is a book which people praise and don't read. - Mark Twain

Twitter now employs 1,000 people, who do the work of 500 people because Twitter is so distracting

An optimist has a condom in his wallet, a realist has a photo of his wife. I'm a pessimist. I have a photo of a condom

When in doubt, take the high road. There’s less traffic

I think that we can call agree that the best way to load the dishwasher is the way you do it., "If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change" - Dr. Wayne 

No one has a right to consume happiness without producing it." ~ Helen Keller

We do not inherit the Earth from our parents, we borrow it from our children

The creation of a thousand forests is on one acorn." (Ralph Waldo Emerson)

go cheerleaders, Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.~Emerson, Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want. ~ Jim Rohn

"Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be." - John Wooden

The sun shines on the rich and the poor alike. But when it comes to rain, the rich have better umbrellas

If you don't know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else. --Lawrence J. Peter

All the statistics in the world can't measure the warmth of a smile. ~ Chris Hart, Mattel once tried to sue Aqua over their song "Barbie Girl" -- The judge literally told them to "chill."

Men can get cancer from giving oral sex to women! 

Moms tend to like their sons more than their daughters 

A guilty conscience can damage your immune system. 

Two people kissing always look like fish. ~Andy Warhol, Pocahontas was actually a nickname that meant "frisky." Her birth name was Matoaka.
Expand Collapse 

70% of the U.S. prison population grew up in single-parent homes.

The grandpa from "Hey Arnold" and Homer Simpson are voiced by the same person.
Expand Collapse 

Drinking beer actually gives you a healthy dose of silicon, which helps strengthen your bones and teeth.

men having a red frame, to be more attractive than men accentuated by any other colour, Cats are lactose intolerant. As a general rule, they shouldn't drink milk! 

Salvador Dali would wake himself up the moment he fell asleep to capture and paint surreal dream images!

The strongest surface winds in the solar system are found on Neptune, where they have been measured at 1500 mph”

In a survey, random people were offered a million bucks if they'd leave their spouse for one night 2 out of every 3 people refused the offer

Stress is the number cause of all diseases and over 90% diseases are complicated due to stress. Overcome Stress, What the Tao has taught me is that No Storm Lasts Forever no Matter What it is." ~Wayne Dyer

The world is round and the place which may seem like the end, may also be only the beginning- Ivy Baker Priest

The way to know life is to love many things." ~ Vincent Van Gogh

Your life is an occasion. Rise to it. - Suzanne Weyn

A typical lightning bolt is two to four inches wide and two miles long, Scientists have invented an electronic cockroach that can communicate with and influence real roaches 

Most lip balms are made with salicylic acid crystals - An ingredient that causes your lips to peel, so you use more lip balm. 

In Alaska, anyone can perform your marriage ceremony (including a friend or relative) and sign off on the marriage license. 

George W. Bush's grandfather (Prescott Bush) participated in illegal trades with the Nazis during WWII., After eating Frankenberry cereal you would excrete pink stool 

The international standard size of condom is too large for 50% of the Indian male population 

During the attack on the WTC, a person survived even though the wing of the plane just landed 20 ft away from him 

90% of all people who use illegal drugs have an above average IQ level, Goldfish can tell people apart and will beg for food from their owners 

iPhone 5 sold 5m units over its first weekend; beating the iPhone 4S by 20%, making it the fastest selling iPhone 

Pennies made between 1909-1982 are worth 2.2 cents based on the metal they contains 

Colombian drug lords are using million dollar SUBMARINES that can hold 8 tons of cocaine per trip! 

Shakespeare invented the term "swagger", Abraham Lincoln, the 16th president of the United States, was a licensed bartender! 
Actor Anthony Hopkins' total screentime in the film 'The Silence of the Lambs' was 16 minutes, and won him an Oscar for his performance! 

In Europe, until the 17th century, teenage boys were routinely masturbated by their nannies for a good night sleep 

To combat the declining population, Russians took a day off and celebrated National Sex Day in 2007 to boost the birth rate! 

Notorious German leader Adolf Hitler lost one of his testicles at the battle of Somme in 1916!, In 2008, the social networking site, Facebook tried to buy Twitter for just $500 million. 

Around the globe, the number of hours that gamers have spent playing " WoW- World of Warcraft" is equal to 5.93 million years. 

Chicken McNuggets are actually made of beef. They are a hybrid of cows and chickens 

n WW1, the British soldier, Henry Tandey, saved the life of a wounded German soldier, later identified as Adolf Hitler. 

In ancient times, kisses were used to seal contracts, and this is where the idea of people kissing at weddings originated from., Organized cheerleading was originally an all-male activity which began in 1898, while women only started participating since the year 1923! 

In the United States, about 20% of all divorces are somehow linked to Facebook! 

The name of Hershey's "Kisses" originated from the machine which made them, as it looked like the machine was kissing the conveyor belt! 

Beards represented masculinity and wisdom until Gillette razor company asked Hollywood to cast clean shaven actors to sell their product. 

According to a recent research done on 16000 women, the more curvy a woman, the more intelligent she is., It takes mosquitoes only 2 seconds to have sex when mating in the air! 

If you add up all the numbers present on a roulette wheel, you will get the number 666 

Alaskan residents are allowed by law to grow up to 25 marijuana plants for personal usage 

To avoid being eaten by the mate, the male Orb-Web spider detaches its penis and finishes the sex as he runs for his life 

The phrase "tying the knot" came from the Swiss, who still incorporate the lucky pretzel in wedding ceremonies, The small amount of toothpaste you use to brush your teeth is called a NURDLE. 
The Statue of Liberty was originally called Liberty Enlightening the World 

The Halloween jack-o'-lantern pays homage to an old, Irish folk character named Stingy Jack 

The University of Iowa’s locker room for visiting football teams is painted pink 

In the sequel to Wizard of Oz, Dorothy goes into a mental hospital because no one believes her story., There is a small island near Bali that openly sells and embraces magic mushrooms. 

By 2050, the populations of Germany, Italy, Japan and Russia will decrease by as much as 22% 

Yahoo Mail users spend $110 more on electricity per year than Gmail users. 

Success means we go to sleep... knowing that our talents and abilities were used in a way that served others." - Marianne Williamson 

Really great people make you feel that you, too, can become great." -Mark Twain, In some cases, it would be cheaper to give homeless people homes, than to let them live on the street 

About 8,500 new words and terms are added to the English language every year 

Cows give more milk when listening to music, The Gulabi Gang (meaning pink gang) is a gang of women in India that go after abusive husbands and fight to stop child marriages 

Pringles are technically not potato chips because only 42% of the chip is made of potatoes - The rest is rice and flour. 

Every Chili’s restaurant has one picture hanging upside-down inside and it’s a challenge for the customers to find it 

A man is more likely to ask a woman out and spend money on her if she is wearing red 

George Washington wore size 13 shoes., One out of every 4 Americans have appeared on TV. 

Only 1 out of every 3 humans on earth uses the Internet. 

Steve from "Blue's Clues" has a net worth of $22 million. 

Female orgasms last about 4 times longer than males! 

During the Middle Ages, being a bad musician was a public offense and lousy musicians were tortured, Coming up with a solution that actually makes the problem worse is called the “Cobra Effect.” 

More than half of the entire world’s population is under 25-years-old 

We are more attracted to the way a person smells than we are to the way they look 

Women remember men with a deep voice more than those with a high voice 

In Guam, there's a full time, paid job for men to "help" women lose their virginity since virgins are not allowed to get married, Ariel is the only Disney Princess to have had a child. 

Beauty is only temporary, but your mind lasts you a lifetime 

Intelligence recognizes what has happened. Genius recognizes what will happen." -John Ciardi 

Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light. - Helen Keller 

All great literature is one of two stories; a man goes on a journey or a stranger comes to town." ― Leo Tolstoy, Cinnamon Chocolate Cupcake$1.99
Vanilla Cake Filled With Dark Chocolate Ganache Dipped With Cinnamon Butter Cream, There is more to life than increasing its speed." ~Mohandas Gandhi 

Don't aspire to make a living-aspire to make a difference" unknown 

Better an honest enemy than a false friend 

Winning is not everything, but wanting to win is." -Vince Lombardi 

The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up. - Mark Twain, The little boy who did the voice of Bambi grew to become the youngest drill instructor ever in the Marines 

A single McDonald's fruit smoothie contains just as much sugar as 4 Reese's Peanut Butter Cups. 

British police regularly carry teddy bears in their cars to console distraught children. 

Saint Nicholas is the patron saint of the falsely accused and prostitutes. 

Cats spend 70% of their lives asleep, It was found that the most unproductive day was Monday where workers only manage to get 3.5 hours of actual work done. 

The moaning sounds you hear in the song Rocket Queen by Guns N Roses were actually sounds of Steve Adler's GF having sex with Axl Rose. 

Octopus, shrimp, horseflesh and cow tongue are popular flavours of ice cream in Tokyo 

Every 45 minutes, an innocent life is lost by a drunk driver in the United States. 

A total number of 3 trillion pigs have been popped by Angry Bird players worldwide, till now, The English word with most synonyms is “drunk", having more than 353 words that can be used in its place 

If you hang upside down and eat something, it will still go to your stomach without hindrance. 

When it comes to lions, 90% of the time it's the female that hunts. The males mostly rest. 

The derivation of the word "bride" is from an old English word that means "cook", whereas the word "groom" came from "male child". 

I never think of the future. It comes soon enough." -Albert Einstein, There exists a real soda named "Pee Cola", a real laundry soap called "Barf 

The name of famous American writer Dr. Seuss', is pronounced to rhyme with 'voice' 

The only time in history, the US was not in debt was in 1835 when Andrew Jackson was 

The US air force planned a “gay bomb” which would spread the female hormones amongst enemies and make them sexually attractive to each other 

Olympics committee provide 100,000 condoms to every Olympic village. In Vancouver 2010, 7000 athletes finished them within twelve days., Remember your past mistakes just long enough to profit by them." -Dan McKinnon 

It is Always Too Soon to Quit ~ Norman Vincent Peale 

He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask remains a fool forever 

First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win. - Mahatma Gandhi 

Live your life each day as you would climb a mountain. Higher and higher, You get the best out of others when you give the best of yourself." - Harvey S. Firestone 
Be content with what you have. Rejoice in the way things are." ~Zen Proverb 

The caterpillar does all the work but the butterfly gets all the publicity." -George Carlin 

The secret to overnight success: everyday positivity + everyday action. 

You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it." -Margaret Thatcher, 30 minutes of exercise and movement can make you 10% smarter. 

Of the 17,000 words Shakespeare used, he is said to have invented about 1,700 of them 

The Hunger Games" holds the record for highest advanced ticket sales for a non-sequel movie. 

You can live for weeks without eating, but will most likely die after 11 days without sleep 

About 1-2% the worldwide population has naturally red hair, King Tut became a pharaoh at the age of 9, died when he was 18, and was buried with 145 pairs of underwear 

You are more likely to get stabbed or shot at a strip club than anywhere else! 

JFK ordered over 1,000 Cuban cigars for personal use right before he made them illegal. 

In the original Italian story, Pinocchio kills Jiminy Cricket with a hammer 

Rubbing your ears can help relieve an itchy throat, While 10% of the entire population is left-handed, 20% of twins are left-handed 

In 1994, the average lifespan of an NFL player was 55 years. 

10% of the American teenage population smokes marijuana at least 20 times a month 

Dog TV" is a television channel designed specifically to keep dogs entertained and stimulated while you go about your day 

The music video for Britney Spears’ “...Baby One More Time” was filmed at the high school where Grease was shot., all ads on iphones show clocks at 942. becouse Apple releases a new product, 40 minutes into each presentation, which never goes on time. 

On a related note, 34% of students also said they had tablets. 70% of those are iPads. 

A recent semi-annual teenager survey by market research firm Piper Jaffray found that 34% of surveyed students now own an iPhone 

Charlie Brown's father was a barber 

NACHOS were actually invented by a guy NAMED Nacho, Do not anticipate trouble, or worry about what may never happen. Keep in the sunlight. ~Benjamin Franklin 

"A pessimist is somebody who complains about the noise when opportunity knocks." -Oscar Wilde 

"The 4 Stages of #Twitter users: Confusion, revelation, acceptance, addiction!" 

"A minute now is better than a minute later. 

Dont let your ears witness what your eyes didn't see & don't let your mouth speak what your heart doesn't feel, Life is like a bicycle you don't fall off unless you stop pedaling. -Claude Pepper 
We waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love. -Tom Robbins 

Change before you have to." - Jack Welch 

You can't make the same mistake twice. The second time you make it, it's no longer a mistake, it's a choice." 

"A bend in the road is not the end of the road... unless you fail to make the turn, If plan 'A' doesn't work, just remember there are 25 other letters in the alphabet." 

The past is a foreign country; they do things differently there." - Leslie Poles Hartley 

And in knowing that you know nothing, that makes you the smartest of all." - Socrates 

I've learned that people will forget what you said, forget what you did, but never forget how you made them feel." - Maya Angelou 

There are only two times in life: NOW and TOO LATE, Guinness draft has fewer calories than skim milk! 

Ben Affleck was fined $135 for driving in Massachusetts with a suspended license 

On the weekends after two Harry Potter books were released, young people’s emergency room visits were reduced by almost half! 

Four is the only number that has the same amount of letters as its actual value 

Abraham Lincoln’s voice was actually shrill and high!, John Quincy Adams and Herbert Hoover both had pet alligators 

The flashing warning light atop the Capital Records Tower in Hollywood also spells out 

A recording of a camel's moan was slowed down and used as the sound of the tornado in 'Twister' 

ERNIE from Sesame Street won an GRAMMY for Rubber Duckie! Even reached #16 on the charts! 

"There is always, always, always something to be thankful for.", When polar bears are angry, they hiss like cats. 

Esodophobia" is the fear of losing virginity. 

Snoop Doggs real name is Calvin Cordozar Broadus Jr. 

On average, girls apologize about 5.2 times a day - Guys apologize about 3.6 times a day 

Honey is more effective at suppressing a cough than most cough medicines, Time for NFL Football and Free Pizza
 
Tweet or FaceBook the Correct score of any NFL football game tommorw and win a Free cheese Pizza
 
“ Pats x¸S.Hawks y, Give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza,
 
One guess , per game, per customer. All guesses must be in before game starts, Ghengis Khan killed about 11% of the entire world’s population. 

A national survey of 5,000 people showed that 91% of men and 

84% of women have fantasized about killing someone. 

Surveys show that both men and women prefer an attractive face over an attractive body for a long-term mate 

The word "Bromance" has been added to the new Merriam-Webster's Dictionary 

Mageirocophobia is the intense fear of having to cook., People read as much as 10% slower from a screen than from paper. 
In ancient times, criminals would be sewn inside of a rotting animal and then tied to a tree to be eaten by vultures 

For a typical lovemaking session, the man will thrust an average of 60 to 120 times 

The British version of Siri is a male voice, not female. 

Steve Jobs was the executive producer for Toy Story, On average, women cry between 30 and 64 times a year. Men cry up to six times a year 
Women tend to respond best to compliments about their lips. 
Saying "pineapple" to someone as their about to sneeze can cause them to "forget" about sneezing 

The world's oldest dog on record lived to be 29 years old 

There is a "Hug Me" Coca-Cola machine in Singapore which gives you a can of coke each time you hug it., A letter was discovered in which the FBI urged Martin Luther King to commit suicide 

you tube Talking Animals 

Facebook fun Sims Social, Farmville, Words with Friends 
internet fun..Google Pacman 

Spazzstick is a brand of chapstick that's made with caffeine to keep you alert, With 329 million native speakers, Spanish ranks as the world's No. 2 language in terms of how many people speak it as their first language 

Brown bears are the largest of all the bear species and are considered to be the largest living land carnivore. 

Chuck Berry invented the duck walk initally to hide the creases in his suit 

The first Harley Davidson motorcycle built in 1903 used a tomato can for a carburetor 

No part of Japan is more than 100 miles from the sea, Sometimes you gotta jump, Just to see if you can fly. ~ Miranda Lambert 

It is in the moments of decision, that your destiny is shaped. - Tony Robbins 

Life is a series of commas, not periods." -Matthew McConaughey 

KFC’s Colonel Sanders was once a lawyer, and assaulted a client. He also killed a man in a shootout. source 

A kid used his Make-A-Wish to create a video game to help other young cancer patients cope with chemotherapy and fighting cancer. source, John Quincy Adams and Herbert Hoover both had pet alligators 

The flashing warning light atop the Capital Records Tower in Hollywood also spells out 

A recording of a camel's moan was slowed down and used as the sound of the tornado in 'Twister' 

ERNIE from Sesame Street won an GRAMMY for Rubber Duckie! Even reached #16 on the charts! 

"There is always, always, always something to be thankful for.", Be mindful of intention. Intention is the seed that creates our future." ~Buddhist Proverb 

Your intuitive ideas come with a time stamp, act on them before they expire." 

Strong and bitter words indicate a weak cause. ~ Victor Hugo 

Knowledge defines all we currently know and understand, Imagination points to all we 

Aloha mai nō, aloha aku.” When love is given, love is returned. –Mary Kawena Pukui, 40% to 50% of all the world's edible foods are not eaten. 

Touching or feeling money can help you overcome negative physical and emotional experiences. 

Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work." -Aristotle 

Work as hard as you can, whatever you do, and try to spread generosity of spirit." - Audrey Hepburn 

Never argue with a fool. Someone watching may not be able to tell the difference, Africa has almost 115 million French speaking people, making it the continent with the most French-speakers. 

According to Greek mythology, Zeus once impregnated a woman after seducing her in the form of a golden shower. 

Restless Genital Syndrome is a condition in which women encounter spontaneous uncontrollable sexual arousal without any reason. 

Twins that are joined from the head are able to feel each others orgasms, The average American sees 500 advertisements a day 
Silly Putty was "discovered" as the residue left behind after the first latex condoms were produced 
Due to the angle at which the optic nerve enters the brain, staring at a blue surface during sex greatly increases the intensity of orgasms 

The word "bootylicious" was added to the Oxford Dictionary due to the immense popularity of the Destiny's Child song 

People are more likely to return a lost wallet if they find a baby picture inside of it., If you search for 241543903 in Google images, you will find a lot of pictures of people putting their heads in refrigerators 

According research by Harvard University, children who were hugged and cuddled more grew up to be happier adults 

Those who kiss more frequently are less likely to suffer from stomach, bladder, and blood infections 

Samuel L. Jackson was an usher at Martin Luther King Jr.'s funeral 

A soap called "Shower Shock" contains caffeine and supposedly gives you a caffeine kick as you take a shower., Women have twice as many pain receptors on their bodies than men. But, a much higher pain tolerance. 

Orgasms can cure hiccups 

A woman will spend about 3,500 days of her lifetime menstruating. 

Orgasms can cause bad breath for women 

The human body is at its lowest ebb between 3 am and 4 am -- The most likely time for someone to die in their sleep, The word "burrito" means "little donkey" in Spanish. 

If you are honest and sincere people may deceive you. Be honest and sincere anyway." - Mother Teresa 

When nothing is sure, everything is possible." -Margaret Drabble 

"There is nothing impossible to him who will try." -Alexander the Great 

Real men don't love the most beautiful girl in the world, they love the girl who can make their world the most beautiful, Why pay a dollar for a bookmark? Why not use the dollar for a bookmark?" -Steven Spielberg 

When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this - you haven't. - Thomas Edison 

Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another. - Walter Elliott 

Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results." Willie Nelson 

Practice Keeping your Life Simple & Uncomplicated" ~Wayne Dyer, The longest prison sentence ever was for 384,912 years for having failed to deliver 4000 letters, in 1972 
You were not born a winner, and you were not born a loser. You are what you make yourself to be." -Lou Holtz 

The good you do today, will often be forgotten. Do good anyway." - Mother Teresa 

The soul becomes dyed with the colour of its thoughts. — Marcus Aurelius 

Get mad, then get over it." -Colin Powell, Why pay a dollar for a bookmark? Why not use the dollar for a bookmark?" -Steven Spielberg 
When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this - you haven't. - Thomas Edison 

Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another. - Walter Elliott 

Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results." Willie Nelson 

Practice Keeping your Life Simple & Uncomplicated" ~Wayne Dyer, Cream Cheese Cupcake  $1.99 yumm!!
Vanilla Cake Topped With Cream Cheese Butter Cream And Chcolate Sprinkels, Sometimes when we are generous in small, barely detectable ways it can change someone else's life forever. -Margaret Cho 

I have measured out my life with coffee spoons. - T.S. Eliot 

The happiest people in this world are those who have the most interesting thoughts. -William Lyon Phelps 

The most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love, and let it come in – Morrie Schwartz 

All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make, the better – Ralph Waldo Emerson, Don't be distracted by criticism. The only taste of success some people have is when they take a bite out of you. Zig Ziglar 

"If you are not criticized, you may not be doing much." -Donald Rumsfeld 

If you are successful, you will win some unfaithful friends and some genuine enemies. Succeed anyway." - Mother Teresa 

Gratitude is the sweet song of appreciation, it turns any experience into a gift that is received. 

"Humanity has only scratched the surface of its real potential.", If you are irritated by every rub, how will your mirror be polished?" ~Rumi 

We cannot change the cards we are dealt, just how we play the hand - Randy Pausch 

To know what you know and to know what you don't know, that is real wisdom. ~ Confucius 

Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance." - Samuel Johnson 

there are more pet tigers in texas than in wild in india, Studies show that people whom are mixed with a wide range of ethnicities tend to be smarter 

The “Get Naked Bikini” is a bikini that completely dissolves in the water, leaving the person completely nude 

Religious sites are more likely to harm your computer with viruses than porn sites 

Studies suggest that unmade beds are healthier for us than neat and made beds - Bed bugs have a harder time surviving in messy beds 

A lemon will float in water, but a lime will sink, Your Twitter picture by default is an egg because we are all babies of the Twitter Bird. 

In 2008, Disney approved a design for young girls underwear with the words “Dive In” written on the front. 

With 21% of it’s population experiencing depression, France is the most depressed country in the world. 

About 60% of married men say they’ve been unfaithful at some point, while 40% of women say the same 

In the U.S, female workers earn an average of 77 cents for every dollar a man earns, Tyra Banks was the first African-American to appear on the Swimsuit Edition of Sports Illustrated in 1997 - Beyoncé was the second in 2007 

The 57 on Heinz ketchup bottles represents the number of varieties of pickles the company once had 

Google Maps uses YOUR cell phone DATA to give its live traffic feeds! Details ---> http://omgf.ac/ts/A4s  

No scientist has ever concluded that why a shower curtain blows on to you during shower. 

There is Pink Kryptonite in Superman comics which actually makes Superman gay., Pigs are made enemies in Angry Birds because swine flu was riding high when the game was being developed 
The East German secret police, Stasi, effected and tortured their victims psychologically by sending their wives/girlfriends vibrators. 

Two people were killed in the process of finding the tree that was featured on U2’s album ‘The Joshua Tree’ 

Pay no attention to those who talk behind your back - it simply means you're 2 steps ahead. 

Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand. ~ #Quote Mother Teresa, Chocolate Mousse Cupcakes

$0.99 while supplies last

Vanilla Cake Filled With Dark Chocolate Ganache Topped With Chocolate Mousse And Dark Chocolate Ganache, Founder of Hershey's Chocolate, Milton Hershey and Kitty, his wife, would have been on Titanic if Kitty didn’t feel sick. 

Founder of Kentucky Fried Chicken, Colonel Sanders, traveled over 250,000 miles a year visiting various parts of his Chicken Empire. 

According to British scientists, the risk of a heart attack increases for people who watch soccer penalty shoot-outs 

A Japanese company ‘Niban Too Corporation’ has created a portable steel toilet bowl to sustain all your bathroom needs, anywhere you go. 

In Thailand, free vasectomies are performed on the king's birthday, Free Pizza if U FB Correct score of any NFL game B 4 game" Pats x Den Y give me a free pizza" 1 entry per game per customer- good luck", Free Pizza if U FB Correct score of any NFL game B 4 game" Pats x Den Y give me a free pizza" 1 entry per game per customer- good luck", A British doctor found that Olympians performed better 90 minutes after having sex. 

According to a 1996 study, men from New York City produce the highest rate of sperm in America; men from L.A. produce the least 

Vigorous sex burns between 100 and 200 calories. 

Wrong is wrong, no matter who does it or who says it." -Malcolm X 

"Don't be so humble, you are not that great." -Golda Mei, The first recorded “Jello shots” were made in the kitchen of Napoleon Bonaparte. 

Blonde beards are known to grow faster than dark beards. 

Steve Jobs refused to wear his oxygen mask while sick because he did not like the way it was designed 

Astronauts are subject to fingernail delamination - A process in which spacewalks can 

A slugs sex organ actually turns blue and glows while they mate, The words “Chillax, sexting, whatevs and whovian” have all been added to the Oxford Dictionary 

Krusty the Clown was originally Homer Simpson’s secret identity - This is why the two 

U’ was first as a substitute for the word “you” by Shakespeare 

In the U.S, the typical school year is 180 days long - In China, the typical school year is 251 days long., Tang, Pop Rocks and Cool Whip were all invented by the same man 

More than 90% of the time, forgiveness is given to another person because we want to keep them as part of our life 

People who regularly help others tend to be significantly happier and are less likely to become depressed as they get older 

Before he even speaks, the way a man stands (whether he slouches or not) accounts for 80% of a woman’s first impression. 

There are about 3 reported cases of dolphins raping humans every year, Chocolate Mousse Cupcake$1.99

 Vanilla Cake Filled With Dark Chocolate Ganache Topped With Chocolate Mousse And Dark Chocolate Ganache, More than 50% of American singles claim they have not had a date in over 2 years 

Nations that drink the most alcohol: 1.Moldova 2.Czech Republic 3.Hungary 4.Russia 

Dr. Suess actually cheated on his wife while she was sick with cancer for 13 years - When she killed herself, he married the mistress.

Don't wait for people to be friendly, show them how." 

Good enough never is. -J. P. Morgan, A beauty contest is organized in Russia to choose their 'Miss Russian Army' 

If a line is drawn using chalk around ants they will never cross it. 

An island country named Niue, had picture of Pokemon's Pikachu on their currency in 2001 

During WWI Hitler lost one of his testicles in a battle. 

Once Andre the Giant, in a hotel bar drank 127 beers and wasn't moved until he woke up after he passed out in the lobby because of his size, Every year a masked man leaves roses and cognac at Edgar Allan Poe's grave! 

The real Christopher Robin HATED Winnie-the-Pooh! Right in the childhood. 

Classical music audiences used to be loud and obnoxious

The Bayer company PURCHASED prisoners from Auschwitz for DRUG TESTING! 

The University of California has a lot of DORMS and BUILDINGS named after Tolkien's works!, The oldest-known goldfish lived to 41 years of age. Its name was Fred 

There’s an OPPOSITE disorder to paranoia, PRONOIA: you believe the universe is 

Lipstick was said to have been invented in the Egyptian times for women that specialized in oral sex. Wanting lips to look more inviting. 

Theodore Roosevelt got shot during a campaign stop. He still finished his speech with a bullet lodged in him. source 

Regret looks back. Worry looks around. Vision looks up. ~ #Quote Jentezen Franklin, To travel is to discover that everyone is wrong about other countries." #quote by Aldous Huxley 

Abundance is not something we acquire. It is something we tune into. ~ Wayne Dyer 

You live longer once you realize that any time spent being unhappy is wasted. -- Ruth E. Renkl 

Fear is the tax that conscience pays to guilt. -George Sewell 

The most pathetic person in the world is someone who has sight, but has no vision." -Helen Keller, Almost 1 out of every 5 women around the world suffer from inverted nipples 

The chances of surviving a plane crash if you're sitting near the tail are 40% more than if you're sitting in the front. 

All the 'Pokemon professors' - people who are experts on the Pokemon world - have names that are named after trees! 

In medieval times in France, women were made to chase a chicken through the town while being naked, as punishment for adultery! 

Chuck Norris occasionally volunteers as a cop, he has helped in some of the most notorious police raids, The Hollywood sign in 1987 was changed to "Hollyweed" by some hippies to encourage the loosening of marijuana laws 
Flutterby was the original name of what we now know as the butterfly 

A study reveals that kissing your spouse good-bye before leaving the home in the morning, can increase the amount of money you make. 

J.P.Morgan Bank has an exclusive NO limit card, 'Palladium Card' and it is made of 1 ounce of Palladium and 24K Gold 

In his free time German leader Adolf Hitler liked to watch King Kong (1933) and Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (1937)., The term 'dude' was derived from the words 'duds' and 'attitude' and was created by Oscar Wilde and his friends 

In the Star Wars series no name has been given to Yoda's species although the Star Wars universe is very deep and complicated. 

With just its PENIS, the 'water boatman', a flea-sized aquatic insect, can chirp as loud as the sound of a lawnmower! 

"Never underestimate your own ignorance." -Albert Einstein 

"Friendship is the only cement that will ever hold the world together." -Woodrow T. Wilson, The struggle you're in today is developing the strength you need for tomorrow 

'Xcuse me while I kiss the sky! ~Jimi Hendrix 

Falling down is how we grow. Staying down is how we die. ~Brian Vaszily 

If we don't believe in freedom of expression for people we despise, we don't believe in it at all. — Noam Chomsky 
• 

The reason women don't play football is because 11 of them would wear the same outfit, Chocolate And Maple Bacon Cupcake $1.99

Vanilla Cake Filled With Chcolate Mousse And Cadied Bacon Topped With Vanilla Butter Cream ,dark Chocolate Ganache And Candied Bacon, The fastest fish is the sailfish.It can swim as fast as car travels on the highway 

Among all shapes with the same area circle has the shortest perimeter 

Didaskaleinophobia is the fear of going to school. 

50% of giraffes are bisexual 

Kissing is more hygienic and healthier than shaking hands, While sleeping, one person out of every eight snores, and one in ten grinds his teeth 

The only part of the body that has no blood supply is the cornea in the eye. It takes in oxygen directly from the air 

Your skeleton keeps changing every 10 years, that means your bodies keep renewing themselves so every 10 year you have a new skeleton 

A cluster of bananas is called a hand and consists of 10 to 20 bananas, which are known as fingers. The word 'banan' is Arabic for finger. 

Cricket bats are made of a tree called Willow & base-balls bats are made out of wood of tree called Hickory, There are actually 4 types of hand orientations: right-handed, left-handed, ambidextrous and mixed-handed. 

Scientists have found a way to "grow" bacon from stem cells. http://bit.ly/JN2MTd 

A full head of human hair (about 150,000 strands) is strong enough to support the weight of 2 full grown elephants 

Koalas have fingerprints nearly identical to the fingerprints of humans 

If you want to improve, be content to be thought foolish and stupid. ~Epictetus, The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win you're still a rat." -Lilly Tomlin 

Praise is like sunlight to the human spirit: we cannot flower and grow without it." - Jess Lair 

Imagination means nothing without doing." ~Charles Chaplin 

Live to the point of tears. ~Albert Camus 

Make each day your masterpiece. - John Wooden, Nothing gives an author so much pleasure as to find his works respectfully quoted by other learned authors. Benjamin Franklin 

You can stand tall without standing on someone. You can be a victor without having victims." - Harriet Woods 

Talent hits a target no one else can hit; Genius hits a target no one else can see. ~Arthur Schopenhauer 
Each day we are born again. What we do today is what matters most. - Buddha 
One quarter of US tech start-ups founded by immigrants: Study http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world, Nothing gives an author so much pleasure as to find his works respectfully quoted by other learned authors. Benjamin Franklin 

You can stand tall without standing on someone. You can be a victor without having victims." - Harriet Woods 

Talent hits a target no one else can hit; Genius hits a target no one else can see. ~Arthur Schopenhauer 
Each day we are born again. What we do today is what matters most. - Buddha 
One quarter of US tech start-ups founded by immigrants: Study http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world, "Only he that has traveled the road knows where the holes are deep. 

The chaos you see is only a distraction - keep on your own path" Buddha 

Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life. ~Wayne Dyer 

Love is a promise. Love is a souvenir. Once given, never forgotten. Never let it disappear. ~ #Love #Quote John Lennon 

What we think, we become. - Buddha, "Only he that has traveled the road knows where the holes are deep. 

The chaos you see is only a distraction - keep on your own path" Buddha 

Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life. ~Wayne Dyer 

Love is a promise. Love is a souvenir. Once given, never forgotten. Never let it disappear. ~ #Love #Quote John Lennon 

What we think, we become. - Buddha, "You are not only responsible for what you say, but also for what you do not say." -Martin Luther 

Your dreams are within your reach... sometimes you have to step on a ladder, jump and stretch out your arms 

If you must speak ill of another, do not speak it . . . write it in the sand near the water's edge. -Napoleon Hill 

You make the world a better place by making yourself a better person ~S. Sorrell 

Love your neighbors, but don't pull down the fence. - Chinese proverb, Key Lime Coconut Cupcakes
$0.99 today while supplies last
Vanilla Cake Filled With Key Lime Topped With Vanilla Butter Cream And Toasted Coconut, About 35.9 million Americans (aged 12 and older) have tried cocaine at least once in their lifetime 

According to IMDB, Snoop Dogg has an IQ of 147, which is considered to be "highly gifted-genius" level. 

2.84% of the world’s yearly deaths are intentional (suicide, war, violence), while 3.15% are simply caused by diarrhea. 

A new variety of fruit was created in the UK. They are pear-apple hybrids referred to 
as "Papples. 

NeuroGasm is a soft drink that helps regulate blood flow and causes you to become aroused., Jägermeister was originally intended to be a cough medicine. 
The background noise in a room affects the taste of the food you're eating. 

230,730,000 songs are illegally downloaded every day; 160,000 songs are illegally downloaded every minute 

"Happiness is not a goal; it is a by product." -Eleanor Roosevel 

I've found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances. Be more active. Show up more often." - B. Tracy, Anything you build on a large scale or with intense passion invites chaos. -Francis Ford Coppola 
Criticism is about what was. Coaching is about what could be. 

Success is not to be pursued, it is to be attracted by the person you become." -Jim Rohn 

Women who strive to be equal to men lack ambition. 

One who condones evil is just as guilty as the one who perpetrates it. -Martin Luther King, Jr, Free Pizza? Today

Just FB us the correct score of any NFL game today Before the game starts " Pats x Bills y Give Me a free big Daddy Pizza"
1 entry per customer per game.....Good Luck, The weight of a simple white puffy cloud is around 200,000 lbs and a hurricane cloud can weigh even more than 100,000,000 lbs 

According to the law of New York State, adultery is a crime, you can get 90 days of imprisonment along with $ 500 fine 

Brain surgery is performed on people while they are wide awake as the human brain has 

United States spent $2 million on an experimental weapons during the WWII to destroy Japan using bats, named Bat Bombs. 

Steven Spielberg, Salma Hayek, and Tom Cruise all have been diagnosed with this learning disability, Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless. ~ Jamie Paolinetti 

My interest is in the future because I am going to spend the rest of my life there." - Charles Kettering 

Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower." - Albert Camus 

I'd rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not done." - Lucille Ball 

Learning is like rowing upstream, if you stop, you go backwards, The area code for NASA and the surrounding areas is 321 because it sounds like the countdown before rocket's liftoff. 

 “Pacific means “peaceful”.Actually when people first found it ,they found it very calm & peaceful, so they named it “Pacific 

There are about 113 boys born in China for every 100 girls 

Scientists have estimated that about 95% of all the cells in the body are bacteria. 

Police officers are referred to as “cops” because of the copper badges they used to wear., Motor boating was an official sport at the 1908 Olympics23m 
If grass can grow through cement, love can find you at every time in your life. ~M. C. Escher 
A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions." — Oliver Wendell Holmes 
I have to exercise early in the morning before my brain figures out what I’m doing. 
Life is a dream for the wise, a game for the fool, a comedy for the rich, a tragedy for the poor. -Sholom Aleichem, A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. - Nelson Mandela 

A rich person is not one who has the most, but is one who needs the least." #quote 

Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." - John D. Rockefeller 

Go where you are celebrated not tolerated! Know your worth! ~@nikkiwoods

Your love makes me strong, your hate makes me unstoppable." - Cristiano Ronaldo, George W. Bush's grandfather (Prescott Bush) participated in illegal trades with the Nazis during WWII. 
40% to 50% of all the world's edible foods are not eaten. 

Touching or feeling money can help you overcome negative physical and emotional experiences. 

Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work." -Aristotle 

Work as hard as you can, whatever you do, and try to spread generosity of spirit." - Audrey Hepburn, Never argue with a fool. Someone watching may not be able to tell the difference 

A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. - Nelson Mandela 

A rich person is not one who has the most, but is one who needs the least." #quote 

Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." - John D. Rockefeller 

Go where you are celebrated not tolerated! Know your worth! ~@nikkiwoods7h 

Your love makes me strong, your hate makes me unstoppable." - Cristiano Ronaldo, Big Daddy's Pizza @BDPizzaBrighton

 While sleeping, one person out of every eight snores, and one in ten grinds his teeth 

Expand 

 The only part of the body that has no blood supply is the cornea in the eye. It takes in oxygen directly from the air 

 Your skeleton keeps changing every 10 years, that means your bodies keep renewing themselves so every 10 year you have a new skeleton 

 A cluster of bananas is called a hand and consists of 10 to 20 bananas, which are known as fingers. The word 'banan' is Arabic for finger. 

 Cricket bats are made of a tree called Willow & base-balls bats are made out of wood of tree called Hickory, Time for NFL Football and Free Pizza

Tweet or FaceBook the Correct score of any NFL football game today and win a Free cheese Pizza

 Pats xÂ¸Ravens y, Give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza,

 

 

 

One guess , per game, per customer. All guesses must be in before game starts, Madonna made a song called "Secret" and a Korean Pop group named Secret has a song called "Madonna." 

Yawns are not only contagious among humans, but among domesticated dogs as well 

Drinking beer actually gives you a healthy dose of silicone, which helps strengthen your bones and teeth. 

Begin to live as though your prayers are already answered. via @tonyrobbins #quote

People don't care how much you know until they know how much you care ~ Theodore Roosevelt, A man can succeed at almost anything for which he has unlimited enthusiasm.~Charles Schwab 

Feeling Good is What you Should be Doing Every Day of your Life" ~Wayne Dyer 

The young man knows the rules, but the old man knows the exceptions." -Oliver Wendell Holmes 

If you see everyone as your teacher it is impossible to hate them. This is the doorway to Love 

Have no fear of perfection you'll never reach it." -Salvador Dali, We have to learn to be our own best friends, because we fall easily into the trap of being our own worst enemies. ~ Roderick Thorp 

Whenever you find whole world against you just turn around and lead the world. 

If people are not laughing at your goal, means your goal is too small 

When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way 

I think all of us are looking at the future with yesterday's eyes." -Dan Burrus, Know your limits, but never accept them 

Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. - Thomas A. Edison 

Nearly 90% of shark attacks have happened to men 

The world’s most expensive hamburger costs $295 

There’s a restaurant in Tokyo that let’s you have sex with a live animal, then it’s killed, cooked, and served to you and your guest. source, Married with Children is the longest running sitcom. 
There is no conversation more boring than the one where everybody agrees. ~Michel de Montaigne 
The best way to have a good idea is to have lots of ideas." -Linus Pauling 

Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude. ~ #Quote Ralph Marston 

Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned.- Charles W. Chesnutt, Red Velvet Cupcake$0.99 while supplies last Delicous Red Velvet Cake With Vanilla Cream Cheese Frosting, Israel has the third highest rate of entrepreneurship 

George Washingtons favorite foods were pineapples and Brazil Nuts 

If you haven't struck oil in the first three minutes - stop boring! 

A crown, golden in show is but a wreath of thorns 

In the struggle between the stone and water, in time, the water wins." ~Japanese Proverb, Ancient Olympic athletes competed nude. 

The word “Jedi” is derived from the Japanese words “Jidai Geki” which translate as “period drama.” 

Most Lamborghini cars had a v12 engine except for the Gallardo, which has a v10. 

Valentine candy “conversation hearts” have a shelf life of five years, Israel has the third highest rate of entrepreneurship 

George Washingtons favorite foods were pineapples and Brazil Nuts 

If you haven't struck oil in the first three minutes - stop boring! 

A crown, golden in show is but a wreath of thorns 

In the struggle between the stone and water, in time, the water wins." ~Japanese Proverb, You will not be punished for your anger; you will be punished by your anger." ~ Buddha 

A budget tells us what we can't afford, but it doesn't keep us from buying it." -author William Feather 

Never let your head hang down. Never give up and sit down and grieve. Find another way." - Satchel Paige 

Be thankful for your mistakes, they are showing you your path. 

When we can no longer change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves." - Viktor Frankl, Women shoplift more often than men -- The ratio is 4 to 1 

Depression is the most common disability in women - About 25% of all women will experience severe depression at some point in their lives. 

Fear of failure leads to failure 

We need to change so we can remain the same 

Whenever you live beyond someone's opinion of you, oh, they're going to get mad." - Iyanla Vanzant, Everyday may not be good, but there's something good in everyday 

Apologizing does not always mean you're wrong; It just means that you value your friendship more than your ego 

When the character of a man is not clear to you, look at his friends. ~ Japanese Proverb 

It is not possible to tickle yourself. 

Most lipstick contains fish scales# 807 Shakespeare invented the word "assassination" and "bump., Boys are about 3 times more likely to be diagnosed with attention deficit disorder (ADD) than girls are. 

Lady Gaga's meat dress weighed about 50 pounds. 
Optimistic and positive people are more likely to live longer 

Only about 1% of the population has a "genius" IQ of 140 or higher 

The average PC owner spends 50 hours a year troubleshooting. The average Mac owner spends 5 hours a year, Jello-O once manufactured celery, coffee, cola, apple, and chocolate flavored gelatin. 
Tarzan means "white skin 

Men change their minds 2 to 3 times more often than women! 

Bras did not exist until 1913, and were originally two handkerchiefs tied together with a ribbon. 

"Teacher Barbie" was recalled in 1995 by Mattel because her lack of panties caused media, Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Cupcakes $0.99 while supplies last
With A Creamy Cookie Dough Filling, Everyone wants to live on top of the mountain, but all the happiness and growth occurs while you're climbing it. - Andy Rooney 

If you work really hard and are kind, amazing things will happen. 

When you're dying of thirst it's too late to think about digging a well 

Life affords no greater responsibility, no greater privilege, than the raising of the next generation 

Become a student of change. It is the only thing that will remain constant." - Anthony J. D'Angelo, FREE PIZZA If you FB the RIGHT Score in of any nfl GAME before start, 1 entry per game, per customer, Fun Fact: Labor Day was created after workers started a violent riot in 1872 for only earning this much $ per hour sp 

In Family Guy, the character 'Glenn Quagmire' is supposed to be 61 years old, according to his driver's license shown in FOX-y Lady episode 

The mother of Selena Gomez was only 16 years old at the time when she gave birth to her 

It is reported that even from 1.8 miles away, the male gypsy moth can tell if a female gypsy moth is a virgin or not, just by its scent! 

About one third of girls living in America get pregnant before even turning 20!, Key Lime And Pineapple Cupcake$1.99

Vanilla Cake Filled Key Lime, Topped With Vanilla Cream And Pineaplle Preserves, In 1987, $40,000 was saved by the American Airlines company solely due to there being one less olive in each salad served in first-class! 
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking. ~William Sprague 

If you can't ignore an insult, laugh it off.. and if you can't laugh it off, it's probably deserved. -J. Russel Lynes 

If you have zest and enthusiasm, you attract zest and enthusiasm. Life does give back in kind. Norman Vincent Peale 

Every man can tell how many goats or sheep he possesses, but not how many friends., High heels were invented by a woman who had been kissed on the forehead. ~Christopher Morley 

The Looney Tunes DVDs have a disclaimer explaining there are racial stereotypes in some of the cartoons 

There is park in Korea called the Penis Park which has hundreds of statues of penises put in place to ease the soul of a virgin maid. 

Viagra is a drug that if added in the vase can double the life of cut flowers. 

On average, death is actually less scarier for people as compared to spiders, Blackberry Cream Cheese Cupcake$1.99
Vanilla Cake Stuffed With Fresh Blackberry Topped With Cream Cheese Butter Cream And Crunchy White Sprinkels, Life is like a book when something goes wrong don't close the book just turn the page. -Jason Moore 

As you live deeper in the heart, the Mirror gets cleaner and cleaner. ~Rumi 

He who can suppress a moment's anger may prevent a day of sorrow ~ Tyron Edwards 

Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change. " ― Stephen Hawking 

Champions believe in themselves even if no one else does. -Unknown, Life is like a book when something goes wrong don't close the book just turn the page. -Jason Moore 
As you live deeper in the heart, the Mirror gets cleaner and cleaner. ~Rumi 
He who can suppress a moment's anger may prevent a day of sorrow ~ Tyron Edwards 
Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change. " ― Stephen Hawking 
Champions believe in themselves even if no one else does. -Unknown, Vanilla & Chocolate Cupcake$1.99

Vanilla Cake Dipped In Dark Chocolate Ganache Topped With Chocolate Butter Cream & Drizzeled With Chocolate Ganache, Newborn babies blink about once or twice a minute. Adults blink about 20 times a minute 
Giraffes fall from a height of about 6.5 feet when they are born. 
William Shakespeare was dyslexic. 
On average, people who masturbate more tend to live longer and healthier lives 
The ones who say 'you can't' and 'you won't' are probably the ones scared that you will, The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all possible worlds, and the pessimist fears this is true. 

Rest breeds rust. 

Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen. ~Michael Jordan 

The state of your life is nothing more than a reflection of your state of mind." - Wayne Dyer 

Discontent is the first step in the progress of a man or a nation. (Oscar Wilde, Research has suggested that redheads require about 20% more anesthesia to get numb compared to other people! 

Headaches and migraines in women can be cured by simply achieving an orgasm, a study suggests 

"The Story of Menstruation" was a movie produced by Disney which was actually the first to use the word 'Vagina' on film 

More men than women are victims of domestic violence in America at 53% 

In WW1, the British soldier, Henry Tandey, saved the life of a wounded german soldier, later identified as Adolf Hitler., Key Lime Pie CupCakes
 

$0.99
Today While supplies last

Ginger Cake Filled With Key Lime Topped With Vanilla Butter Cream And Sprinkeed With Powdered Ginger, One website tells people the best time they should go and pee when watching a movie in cinema so they don’t miss any important scene 

African-American men are 50% less likely to commit suicide but 6 times more likely to be the victim of planned killings than white men 

Before World War II, the New York phone book contained 22 Hitler's, while after the war, the phone book now contains none at all 

"Nigglywiggly" is the actual name of the little paper flag thingy sticking out of the top of Hershey's kisses 

Out of all animals living on planet earth, only human beings have pubic hairs, The average taxi ride home from a bar cost $30. The average 1st time DUI cost $9,900 

A Parisian street mime was so committed that he actually got stuck in his imaginary box and then died of starvation in the year 1843! 

The early Modern English term for 'Bumblebee' was 'Dumbledore', which is now famous as the name of a character in the Harry Potter series 

A women's ejaculate is chemically very similar to semen, and is definitely not a myth! 

90% of the hunting is done by female lions, while the males rest and later feast on what their female counterparts bring back!, Win a Free Pizza Tonight

 

Just guess the Correct Score of tonight's Pats Game Before Game time

 

Tweet or FB " Pats X Eagles Y, Give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza"

1 guess per customer, In Finland, the term "MegaPussi" is written on many brands of potato chips, as in the Finnish language it means 'mega bag' 

Build your enemy a golden bridge to retreat across ~ Master Sun Tz u

What do dreams know of boundaries" ~Amelia Earhart 

"Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it." ~ Ferris Buelle 

Dear Past, thanks for all the lessons. Dear Future, I'm ready, Cerumen is the medical term for earwax. 

A misodoctakleidist is someone who hates practicing the piano 

Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future. ~Paul Boese 

The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt 

Magic is believing in yourself, if you can do that, you can make anything happen. ~ Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Win a Free Pizza Tonight

Just guess the Correct Score of tonight's Sox Game Before Game time

Tweet or FB " Sox X Yanks Y, Give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza"

 

1 entry per customer, Key Lime Pie$ Cupcakes

Ginger Cake Filled With Key Lime Topped With Vanilla Butter Cream And Sprinkeed With Powdered Ginger, Every situation, properly perceived, becomes an opportunity ~ Helen Schucman 

The only limits to the possibilities in your life tomorrow are the buts you use today. - Les Brown 

"One day, you'll be just a memory for some people. Do your best to be a good one." 

"Greatness is won, not awarded."-Guy Kawasaki 

What you allow, you encourage. -Michael Josephson, It is right to be contented with what we have, but never with what we are 

Never Do For Money, What You Would Never Do For Love 

If you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop digging. - Will Rogers 

The softest things in the world overcome the hardest things in the world. Lao-tzu 

We should not only use the brains we have, but all that we can borrow." -Woodrow T. Wilso, Accident is the name of the greatest of all inventors." -Mark Twain 

Success is often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable." Coco 

What Comes Out of You when you are Squeezed is What is Inside of You" ~Wayne Dyer 

"Be like a duck. Calm on top, but paddling like hell underneath!" ~M. Caine 

The voice of Shredder from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is actually Uncle Phil from The Fresh Prince of Bel Air., Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Cupcakes
 

today 99 cents while supplies last

With A Creamy Cookie Dough Filling, Wisconsin has the highest number of bars per person 

The more beauty you see in others, the more beautiful you become." ~ @aniebelton 

"I am still learning." ~ Michelangelo 

"Truth is like the sun. You can shut it out for a time, but it ain't goin' away." - Elvis Presley 

I want Oprah Winfrey to marry that Deepak Choprah just for her new name, Look out REESE'S Peanut Butter Cups 

Here comes Chocolate Cup Cake Dipped In Dark Chocolate Ganache Topped With Peanut Butter Frosting, Facebook or Tweet the Correct Score " Boys x, Oak y Give Me a Free Big Daddy Pizza"
 
- guess before game, 1 entry a customer, McDonalds Brings Curley fries to the Philippines and is considering bringing them to the USA

 

Why 'Wait

Deliciously Seasoned French Fries With A Twist $3.75, Anything you Really Want, you can Attain, if you Really Go After it!" ~Wayne Dyer 

The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power." - Mary Pickford 

When you teach others how to succeed and duplicate themselves, you generate excitement in the organization. Billy Cox 

Anyone can count the seeds in an apple, but no one can count the apples in a seed." ~ 

A slip of the foot may soon be recovered; but that of the tongue perhaps never. ~ Danish Proverb, James Cameron was originally going to hire O.J. Simpson to play the part of “Terminator”, but didn’t feel he’d be a believable killer. 

You attract people by the qualities you display. You keep them by the qualities you possess 

Big thinking precedes great achievement." - Wilfred Peterson 

"A day without sunshine is like, you know, night." ~Steve Martin 

When inspiration does not come to me, I go halfway to meet it. — Sigmund Freud, Marbled Red Velvet with Chocolate and cream Cheese Frosting Cupcake. $1.99 Yumm, There are no mistakes or failures, only lessons. -Denis Waitley 

Stop living life for what's around the corner and start enjoying the walk down the street. Grant L Mille 

Who does not thank for little will not thank for much ~ Estonian Proverb 

 “I think the thing to do is to enjoy the ride while you're on it.” ~ Johnny Depp 

Sleeping on the left side of the bed makes you more positive and cheerful. source, Chris Niswander developed software that recognizes if your cat is running on your keyboard 

A new study in France suggests that people with tattoos drink more than those without. 

Cats can give birth to kittens with multiple fathers in one litter 

Nearly 22,000 checks will be deducted from the wrong accounts over the next hou 

In 2011, it cost 2.41 cents to produce a penny and 11.18 cents to produce a nickel, Spiced Chocolate Cupcake 99 Cents Today while supplies last

Spice Light Chocolate Cake Topped With Vanilla Butter Cream And Dark Chcolate, More than half the world will be watching. The organizers of the game estimate that about 4 billion people will tune in to watch the games 

London is the only city to host the #Olympics 3 times! 

In 2002, a woman got stuck for 7 hours in an airline toilet. She had to wait until the flight landed to have technicians remove her 

The most-sold alcohol in the US is vodka 

There’s only one man alive who was born in the 1800s and when he dies, everyone will be from the 1900s or later!, People who drink coffee are less likely to commit suicide than those who do not 

Natalie Portman studied psychology and neuroscience at Harvard 

7 in 100 men suffer from some sort of color blindness, but only 1 out of every 1,000 women suffer from it. 

Leo Fender, creator of Fender guitars, never knew how to play the guitar 

"Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." George Bernard Shaw, Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Cupcakes
 

99 Cents Today,,,, while supplies last, Everyone wants to be appreciated, so if you appreciate someone, don't keep it a secret. --Mary Kay Ash 

Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen. W. Churchil 

"Some people find fault like there is a reward for it." -Zig Ziglar 

"It takes sadness to know what happiness is, noise to appreciate silence, and absence to value presence 

Lacey Chabert (Gretchen Wieners from Mean Girls) was the original voice of Meg Griffin for the very first 17 episodes of Family Guy, People who marry when they are over 25 years of age have a 24% decreased risk of divorce. 
A study found people with lighter eye colors (blue, green, hazel, grey) have a higher alcohol tolerance. 
Every success is built on the ability to do better than good enough." 
There are far, far better things ahead than anything we leave behind.~C.S. Lewis 

Weekends don't count unless you spend them doing something completely pointless.” Bill Watterson, Big Daddy Will Send You a $5 Certificate For Sharing your view on Big Daddy's on Yelp.com.*
 
Big Daddy's and Yelp wants to hear what you think. And you will get paid to share your views
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
 
 
 
 
        

 
 * All reviewers of yelp.com reviews published on 8/4/12.untill 9/4/12 will recive a $5 Big Daddy Certificate., Spiced Chocolate Cupcake$1.99

Spice Light Chocolate Cake Topped With Vanilla Butter Cream And Dark Chcolate, "If you are in a HURRY... you will N E V E R Get There" ~Chinese Proverb 

Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine. ~Anthony J. D'Angelo 

Joy does not simply happen to us. We have to choose joy &amp; keep choosing it every day. - Henri Nouwen 

Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them." — Bruce Lee 

You get ideas from daydreaming. You get ideas from being bored. You get ideas all the time. ~ Neil Gaiman, People who marry when they are over 25 years of age have a 24% decreased risk of divorce. 

A study found people with lighter eye colors (blue, green, hazel, grey) have a higher alcohol tolerance. 

Every success is built on the ability to do better than good enough." 

There are far, far better things ahead than anything we leave behind.~C.S. Lewis 

weekends don't count unless you spend them doing something completely pointless.” Bill Watterson, Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine. ~Anthony J. D'Angelo 

Joy does not simply happen to us. We have to choose joy &amp; keep choosing it every day. - Henri Nouwen 

Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them." — Bruce Lee 

You get ideas from daydreaming. You get ideas from being bored. 

You get ideas all the time. ~ Neil Gaiman 
"A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow." #quote, Post your guesses for Score of Todays

Red Soxs/Yanks Garme on our facebook page or Twitter page

 

 

" Sox X Yanks Y, give me a big daddy pizza", 

1. All guesses must be in before  start
2.  One entry per event., Due to the popularity gained by the use of Homer Simpson, "D'oh" has been added to the Oxford English Dictionary. 

An iPhone app called "RingShuffle" gives you a temporary fake phone number, so you can switch it up when you don't want people calling you 

Spongebob has worked at the Krusty Krab for at least 31 years. 

The Harry Potter series has been translated into more than 65 languages, one of which is Ancient Greek 

I don't know a better preparation for life than a love of poetry and a good digestion 

God could not be everywhere, and therefore He made mothers, Strawberry Shortcake Cupcake. 

Vanilla cake filled with fresh
strawberries topped with vanilla butter cream and crunchy sugar., Progress is a tide. If we stand still we will surely be drowned. To stay on the crest, we have to keep moving. 

The Mona Lisa has no eyebrows. 

The average person makes 1,140 phone calls per year 

The longest one syllable word is "screeched". 

There are 18 different animal shapes in the Animal cracker zoo, Michael Phelps has 16 Olymipic Medals, he needs 2 more to tie for the record

Phelps Qualified 8th , last , at 4:13:13,  for the IM 400.

Lochte, Qualifed 3rd, at 4:12:35 Phelps still holds world record at 4:03:84

Best Guess at the time of todays IM 400 final in London get s a free Pizza

Tweet or Face book your guess before event and ,

" x time gets me a free big daddy pizza", Post your guesses for Score of Todays

Red Soxs/Yanks Garme on our facebook page or Twitter page

 

 

" Sox X Yanks Y, give me a big daddy pizza", 

1. All guesses must be in before  start
2.  One entry per event.
 

 

 

Facebook us at Big Daddy's Pizza and Sub shop

Tweet @ BdpizzaBrighton, Chocolate Cream Cheese Woppie Pie Cupcake$1.99
Chocolate Whoopie Pie Cake Filled With Cream Cheese Frosting, In general, Mac users are 50% more accurate and 44% more productive than PC users 

Using your cellphone can help protect you from Alzheimer's -- The electromagnetic waves from the phone help build up immunity 

Going to bed earlier helps protect you from depression and thoughts of suicide -- At least 8 to 9 hours of sleep makes a huge difference. 

On average, people who complain live longer -- Releasing this tension increases immunity and boosts their health 

The average duration of a high school relationship is one month -- They usually do not end well., Ginger Bread Cupcake

$1.99
Gingerbread Cake Topped With Vanilla Butter Cream And Sea Salt, Lemon Cheese Cake Cupcake

$1.99

White Cake Filled With Lemon Cheese Cake Filling, Topped With Lemon Cheese Frosting And Crumbled Short Bread, Blueberry And Lemon Cream Cheese Cupcake

Vanilla Blueberry Cake Topped With Lemon Cream Cheese Butter Cream And A Fresh Blueberry, Chocolate Decadence & Cream Cheese Cupcake 1.99
Flour-less Choco Cake Topped W Cream Cheese Butter Cream &  Drizzeled W Dark Choco Ganache, Red Velvet Cupcake$0.99   today while supplies last

Delicous Red Velvet Cake With Vanilla Cream Cheese Frosting, Ginger, Almond And Chocolate Cupcake$1.99

Three Layers Of Ginger Cake , Toasted Almonds , And Chocolate Baked Together. Topped With Vanilla Butter Cream And Toasted Coconut, Worry does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow; it empties today of its strength.~ Corrie Ten Boom 

You can't solve a problem with the same thinking that created it." ~Albert Einstein 

We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing 

In the book of life, the answers aren't in the back. - Charlie Brown 

Once you make a decision, the universe conspires to make it happen~Emerson, Post your guesses for the Winner of  Todays Coke 400

on our facebook page or Twitter page

 

 

" X will win the coke 400, give me a big daddy pizza", 

1. All guesses must be in before  start
2.  One entry per event.
 

 

 

Facebook us at Big Daddy's Pizza and Sub shop

Tweet @ BdpizzaBrighton, Inside of a ring or out, ain't nothing wrong with going down. It's staying down that's wrong." ~Muhammad Ali 

My idea of working out is doing N̶e̶s̶t̶l̶é̶ ̶ crunches 

I tweeted a joke about ninjas and nobody saw it 

It's 'before', not 'b4'. You speak English, not Bingo. 

My horoscope started with 'are you sitting down, No Customer guessed the  right score last night so 2 free pizzas if

Enjoy the Red Sox winning (we hope) and have a chanch to win 2 Big Daddy pizza

 

Post your guesses for the score of  Todays Soxs

Game on our facebook page or Twitter page

 

 

" Sox X,  Yanks Y, give me a big daddy pizza", 

1. All guesses must be in before game starts
2.  One entry per event., twt/fb the correct score of todays sox game b 4 the game " sox x yanks y, give me a free big daddy pizza" win a free pizza- 1 entry per cust, fresh peach cupcake. Vanilla cake stuffed with fresh ripe peaches topped with vanilla butter cream and vanilla cake crumbs., As a teenager, Tupac was a ballet dancer

Out of the 88 oldest living people in the world (In September of 2011), only 6 of them were male

Blueberry and Hazelnut flavored Pringles really exist

Japan has an annual belly button festival

When your life flashes before your eyes, make sure you've got plenty to watch. -- 

On their deathbeds, all the Facebook people will say: "I wish I'd spent more time on Twitter.", Red Velvet Cupcake$0.99 while supplies last
Delicous Red Velvet Cake With Vanilla Cream Cheese Frosting, "Saying nothing... sometimes says the most." Emily Dickinson

Enthusiasm is the greatest asset in the world. It beats money and power and influence -Henry Chester

The shortest way to do many things is to do only one thing at a time ~ Richard Cech
Expand Collapse 

Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent to throw it at someone
Expand Collapse 

I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends. -- Abraham Lincoln

Learning is a treasure that will follow its owner everywhere." - Chinese Proverb, Studies show that when we see someone familiar, we first identify them by their eyes before anything else
In ancient times, criminals would be sewn inside of a rotting animal and then tied to a tree to be eaten by vultures
A group of cats is called a "clowder" and a group of kittens is called a "kindle
I want to live my life so that my nights are full of regrets." -f scott Fitzgerald
"I if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid
Knowledge is the true organ of sight, not the eyes, A/C working great at Big Daddys

People who really care, will always really care. ~ Rock Christopher

If at first the idea is not absurd, then there is no hope for it." (Albert Einstein

I never think of the future - it comes soon enough. ~ Einstein

Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn. - Benjamin Franklin

A clever person solves a problem. A wise person avoids it. ~ Einstein, Hot Hot Hot !!! Let Big Daddy Do the Cooking, 98 Degrees , Let Big Daddy's Make Dinner, Chocolate Cherry Vanilla Cupcakes  $1.99

Vanilla & Chocolate Cake With Cherries Baked In, Each Twitter user adds about $71.00 to the entire company's value - Facebook users are worth more contributing $118.00

3,000 nonsmokers die every year from lung cancer cause by secondhand smoke

There are over 200 flavors of Lays potato chips.

59% of Americans believe in hell, while 74% believe in heaven.

Some reports suggest Shakespeare used marijuana as a source of inspiration.

The television is on for about 7 hours and 40 minutes every day in people's homes! Do you watch too much TV, Most men immediately exhibit a decline in mental performance when interacting with women - Women do not have this problem

We are most creative at night and least creative in the afternoon

In 2008, there was a series of lynchings in Congo against "witches" who were stealing and shrinking men's penises.

Neal Brennan, co-creator of Chappelle's Show, was actually a writer for Nickelodeon's original "All That."

It's highly unlikely for a person to get the chicken pox twice because they virus never fully leaves the person's body., In Germany, denying the reality of the holocaust is a criminal offense and can get you 5 years in prison.

Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom." - Thomas Jefferson

"The really happy person is one who can enjoy the scenery when on a detour."

Whatever we possess becomes of double value, when we have the opportunity of sharing it with others ~ Bouilly

As Long As There Are People That Will Accept A Minimum Wage, There Will Be A, A different language is a different vision of life. -Federico Fellini

There are no traffic jams along the extra mile." @RogerStaubach

What you do today is important because you are exchanging a day of your life for it."

People rarely succeed unless they have fun at what they R doing - D. Carnegie

A goal without a plan is just a wish. Antoine de Saint-Exupery

Love all. Trust but a few. Do wrong to no one. ~Shakespeare, Chocolate Almond Cupcakes $1.99

Flourless Chocolate Cake with Toasted Almonds. Topped with Butter Cream Frosting, and Vanilla Cake Crumbles, Red Velvet Cupcake Only 99 Cents Today While Supplies last

Delicous Red Velvet Cake ,Topped With Vanilla Cream Cheese Frosting, A teacher affects eternity; he can never tell where his influence stops. Henry Brooks Adam

Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth

Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change. ” ― Stephen hawkins

Do Lipton employees take coffee breaks? ~ Steven Wright

"When angry, count four; when very angry, swear." -Mark Twain

The difference between try and triumph is a little umph. ~Unknow, The art of living is more like wrestling than dancing. Marcus Aurelius

 “All you need is love. But a little cupcakes now and then doesn't hurt." #Cupcakes 

Life is short, surround yourself with people who love cupcakes." #Quote #Cupcakes

There can be no deep disappointment where there is not deep love." ~ MLK

Opinion is the medium between knowledge and ignorance. Plato

What the Tao has taught me is that No Storm Lasts Forever no Matter What it is." ~Wayne Dyer, Cofeee & Chocolate Cupcake$1.99
Vanilla Cake Dipped In Dark Chocolate Ganache & Coffee Butter Cream, Big Daddy is having problems with our web ordering site this morning, pls call us 617 787 1080 and we will feed you, Double Chocolate Cupcake
$1.99
Chocolate Cake Filled With Dark Chocolate Ganache And Topped With Chocolate Butter Cream, Blueberry Cupcake $1.99

Vanilla Blueberry Cake Topped With Blueberry Butter Vream And A Fresh Blueberry, Big Daddy's Pizza @BDPizzaBrighton

Celtics bounce back 2 nite, win free pizza, facebook correct score B 4 game, Cs x Heat y, give me 3 free Big Daddy Pizzas" 1 entry per cust, Red Velvet Cupcake Only $0.99 today while supplies last Delicous Red Velvet Cake With Vanilla Cream Cheese Frosting...

?, Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Cupcakes
$0.99 today while supplies last
With A Creamy Cookie Dough Filling, Beat the Heat and win 3 free pizzas if U. facebook the correct score of 2 nites game, b 4 game starts. Cs X Heat Y, give me 3 free Daddy Pizzas, one entry per custom, Red Velvet Cupcake
$0.99 today while supplies last
Delicous Red Velvet Cake With Vanilla Cream Cheese Frosting, Will Ferrell wore a princess tiara to his high school prom! Check THIS out: http://mylikes.com/l/1uHeO - sp

Men who masturbate more have a lower chance of getting prostate cancer.

Adding salt to pineapple will actually cause it to taste sweeter!

There is a perfume that literally smells like vagina! http://bit.ly/Khtths

Women burn fat more slowly than men, by a rate of about 50 calories less a day

From a survey of 54,000 people, researchers discovered that cancer patients with a sense of humor were 70% more likely to survive

Today, May 23rd, is Lucky Penny Day
, No man has a good enough memory to be a successful liar. ” — Abraham Lincoln

Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted.-A.Einstein...

Do you know what my favorite part of the game is? The opportunity to play. - Mike Singletary

"I am looking for a lot of men who have an infinite capacity to not know what can't be done." ~ Henry Ford

It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare; it is because we do not dare that they are...

The Best Feelings are those that have no words to describe them, Chocolate Raspberry Cupcake
$1.99
Flourless Chocolate Cake W Raspberries Baked In Topped Withvanilla Butter Cream And Dark Chocolate Ganache, House Party

Tweet or Facebook us what doctor Taub is going to be doing after the final eposide ( yes and looking for a new acting job dose not count) .

guesss correclty before the show airs 8pm est, a win a pizza its that simple

1 guess per customer, Enjoy the Celtics winning game 5 (we hope) and have a chanch to win 3 Big Daddy pizzas

 

Post your guesses for the score of  Todays Cs

Game on our facebook page or Twitter page

 

 

" Cs X,  76ers Y, give me 3 big daddy pizzas", 

1. All guesses must be in before game starts
2.  One entry per event.
 

 

 

Facebook us at Big Daddy's Pizza and Sub shop

Tweet @ BdpizzaBrighton, Making promises and keeping them is a great way to build a brand." -Seth Godin

 “Facebook is the Largest - Twitter is the Loudest."

Think 100 times before you take a decision, But once that decision is taken, stand by it as one man. ~Muhammad...

THIS is what Beyoncé looked like in high school! http://bit.ly/Llrewn#sp
, Birds have been caught masturbating, while goats, hyenas, primates, bats and sheep have 

No matter how scrambled it may look, one is never more than 20 moves away from solving a Rubik's Cube.

Until the age of 12, Robert Pattinson's (Edward Cullen's) two older sisters would dress him up as a girl and call him Claudia

Globally, baby boys are 25% more likely to die in infancy than baby girls.

Boys are about 3 times more likely to be diagnosed with attention deficit disorder (ADD) than girls are., In the original version of the fairy tale, Cinderella actually kills her stepmother first, so her father could marry their housekeeper

After OutKast sang "Shake it like a Polaroid Picture," Polaroid released this statement: "Shaking or waving can actually damage the image

The Q in Q-tips stands for "quality." They were originally called "Baby Gays."

By walking an extra 20 minutes a day, the average person can burn off seven pounds of body fat in a year.

"If you don't think every day is a good day, just try missing one" ~Cavett Robert, "If you want something, give it." ~ Deepak Chopra

Don't grumble that roses have thorns, be thankful that thorns have roses."

 “The only true wisdom is knowing that you know nothing.” Socrates

If you cannot explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough." -Albert Einstein

If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other. ~ Mother Teresa, Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible. Tony Robbins

"You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore." -Christopher Columbus

Every thought is a seed. If you plant crab apples, don't count on harvesting Golden Delicious." Bill Meye

Life is a great big canvas, and you should throw all the paint on it you can. - Danny Kaye

Will Rogers: "It costs ten times more to govern us than it used to, & we are not governed one-tenth as good."..., Lemon Raspberry Cupcake
 


$1.99



Lemon Cake With Fresh Raspberrys Topped With Lemon Butter Cream Frosting And A Raspberry, On average, most radio stations cycle through the same songs 15 times a day.

There is a great site that will calculate how much of your favorite caffeinated drink you can consume before you die. ⁰http://bit.ly/mUJMdQ

There are 170,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 ways to play the first 10 opening moves of chess.

There is more alcohol in mouthwash than in wine.

Dr. Suess wrote "Green Eggs and Ham" after his editor dared him to write a book using less than fifty words.
, Enjoy the Celtics winning (we hope) and have a chanch to win 3 Big Daddy pizzas

 

Post your guesses for the score of  Todays Cs

Game on our facebook page or Twitter page

 

 

" Cs X,  76ers Y, give me 3 big daddy pizzas", 

1. All guesses must be in before game starts
2.  One entry per event.
 

 

 

Facebook us at Big Daddy's Pizza and Sub shop

Tweet @ BdpizzaBrighton, Gasoline was once sold in small bottles specifically to cure lice.

Surgeons who listen to music during operations perform better than those who don't.

Men can read smaller print than women; women can hear better.

Laughter helps increase memory and learning. Incorporating humor into education leads to higher test scores

Smiling naturally lifts the muscles in the face and slows down the rate at which we age.

President Harry Truman fell in love with his future wife, Bess in Sunday School at the age of 6. He said he never loved another woman., Smiling releases natural pain killing hormones, endorphins and serotonin, making us feel good.

Chrometophobia is the fear of money.

Ephebiphobia is the fear of teenagers.

Schadenfreude" is a word for that feeling of joy and slight satisfaction you sometimes get from the misfortune of others.

The eldest children in families tend to develop higher IQs than their siblings

The average speed of a man's orgasm is 28 miles per hour., When a woman is speaking to you, listen to what she says with her eyes. Victor Hugo

A man is not where he lives but where he loves. ~Proverb

I am always doing what I cannot do yet, in order to learn how to do it. #Quote ~Vincent van Gogh

"If life gives you lemons, throw them back and ask for Lemon cupcakes

I've experienced a lot of let downs in my life...but my imagination has never been one

There is some good in the worst of us and some bad in the best of us. Martin Luther King, Jr, Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Cupcakes

Only $0.99 while supplies last

With A Creamy Cookie Dough Filling, There is some good in the worst of us and some bad in the best of us. Martin Luther King, Jr

We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing

I am a deeply superficial person. ~Andy Warhol

If I had eight hours to chop down a tree, I'd spend six hours sharpening my ax. -Abraham Lincoln

She gave me a smile I could feel in my hip pocket. - Chandler, Raymond

The hunger for love is much more difficult to remove than the hunger for bread. ~Mother Teresa

The most beautiful adventures are not those we go to seek. Robert Louis Stevenson 

Better to light a candle than to curse the darkness." - Chinese Proverb, Enjoy the Celtics winning (we hope) and have a chanch to win 3 Big Daddy pizzas

 

Post your guesses for the score of  Todays Cs

Game on our facebook page or Twitter page

 

 

" Cs X,  76ers Y, give me 3 big daddy pizzas", 

1. All guesses must be in before game starts
2.  One entry per event., Mocha Frosted Cupcake$1.99

Vanilla Cake Filled With Dark Chocolate Ganache And Topped With Mocha Butter Cream, One in every three hundred births in the U.S. occurs in a vehicle.

You know "that look" women get when they want sex? Me neither. -- Steve Martin

Things turn out the best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out. ~Basketball Coach, John Wooden

"If you're not confused, you're not paying attention". Tom Peters

An opportunity is a miracle waiting to happen.” Rue Allyn, In three words I can sum up what I've learned about life: it goes on. - Robert Frost

Selamat malam pejalan..." Who lives sees much. Who travels sees more

If you don’t like change, you’re going to like irrelevance even less.”—General Eric Shinseki

"Do something worth remembering" ~Elvis Presley

Good enough never is. - Debbi Fields

never worry about action, only inaction" Winston Churchill, NEW!! Homemade Mozzarella Sticks
Using a high quality mozzarella & bread them .40% more cheese Served w/ Big Daddy's Homemade Marinara Sauce, Enjoy the Celtics winning (we hope) and have a chanch to win 3 Big Daddy pizzas

 

Post your guesses for the score of  Todays Cs

Game on our facebook page or Twitter page

 

 

" Cs X,  76ers Y, give me 3 big daddy pizzas", 

1. All guesses must be in before game starts
2.  One entry per event., "Self-pity is our worst enemy and if we yield to it, we can never do anything wise in this world." (Helen Keller)...

I want to put a ding in the universe.” Steve Jobs

"The reason a writer writes a book is to forget a book, and the reason a reader reads one is to remember it

My mother's prayers have clung to me all my life. - Abraham Lincoln

Studies suggest having one orgasm a day can add as much as 8 years to your life., Both Hitler and Napoleon were missing one testicle

OMG 28% of employed Americans have had an affair with their boss.
Expand Collapse 

Cleveland Brown, from Family Guy, is voiced by a white guy

Having an orgasm at least 3 times a week reduces your likelihood of dying from heart disease by 50%

Sophophobia is the fear of learning, Walruses have 3 times the sucking power of a standard vacuum cleaner

The exclamation mark is also known as a "dog's cock" by typesetters

I have never in my life learned anything from any man who agreed with me. - Dudley Field Malone

It was my father who showed me what a man does, but it was my mother who taught me how to be a gentle man....

"Every passing minute is another #chance to turn it all around" ~Vanilla Sky

Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that."-Norman Vincent Peale, Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do. ~Goethe

People buy into the leader before they buy into the vision. - John C. Maxwell

Thoughts are things. Speak your life into existence. Believe in the power of positive thinking

It's nice to be important, but it's more important to be nice. ~ Roger Federer

Without the rain, there is no rainbow."

Study without desire spoils the memory, and it retains nothing that it takes in. -Leonardo da Vinci, Happy Mother's Day from Big Daddys " All Cupcakes are Only 99 Cents Today" while supplies last, Look Around U. Everything that U can Experience with your Senses was Once in Someone's Imagination" ~Wayne Dyer

Business opportunities are like buses, theres always another one coming. - Richard Branson

Dreams come in a size too big so that we may grow into them."-Josie Bisset

The healthiest response to life is joy. - Deepak Chopra

Mans Mind Once Stretched to a New Idea Never Goes Back to its Original Shape - 

When you can’t change the direction of the wind—adjust your sails. ~ H. Jackson Brown Jr, Enjoy the Celtics winning (we hope) and have a chanch to win 3 Big Daddy pizzas

 

Post your guesses for the score of  Todays Cs

Game on our facebook page or Twitter page

 

 

" Cs X,  76ers Y, give me 3 big daddy pizzas", 

1. All guesses must be in before game starts
2.  One entry per event.
 

 

 

Facebook us at Big Daddy's Pizza and Sub shop

Tweet @ BdpizzaBrighton, The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up - Mark Twain

Hanging onto resentment is letting someone you despise live rent-free in your head. ~ Ann Landers

Men tend to overestimate the interest of an attractive woman. Women tend to underestimate men's desire

Steve Jobs' last words were "Oh wow. Oh wow. Oh wow."

Squidward appears in more episodes of Spongebob Squarepants than Patrick

Men are three times as bad at multitasking than women, Pick the Winner (Before the race starts) and win  a Free Pizza  

Bojangles' Southern 500
Darlington Raceway Today

Tweet or Facebook us " x is going to win today, Give me my Free Big Daddy Pizza"
1 entry per customer, It's possible to permanently change a brown eyes to blue using a specific type of laser eye surgery

Lil Wayne accidentally shot himself in the chest at the age of 12.

Playstation 3's are being used to research black holes

The Brooklyn Bridge scene in "I Am Legend" cost $5 million to produce - Making it the most expensive scene ever filmed in NYC

Ke$ha's single "Tik-Tok" sold more copies than any single from The Beatles

The word "bed" looks like a bed., The distance from your wrist to your elbow is the same length as your foot.

1% of women can have an orgasm completely through breast stimulation.

Anuptaphobia" is the fear of staying single

The voice of Brian in "Family Guy" is simply Seth MacFarlane speaking normally

Yo Mama" jokes were invented by Shakespeare.

Cypridophobia is the fear of prostitutes, There's a company that lets you send animal poop to anyone you want to get even with via mail. http://bit.ly/IN2MxB

Opportunity dances with those who are already on the dance floor."~ H. Jackson Brown, Jr.

Failure teaches success." (Japanese Saying)

If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself. Henry Ford

When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this - you haven't - Thomas Edison

Ideals are like the stars. We never reach them but, like the mariners on the sea, we chart our course by them.

As empty vessels make the loudest sound, so they that have least with are the greatest babblers. ~Plato
, Some people read because they are too lazy to think. ~Georg Christoph Lichtenberg

Secret 2 a happy #relationship-make sure UR Love 4 another exceeds UR need 4 the other-Dali Lama

Champions keep playing until they get it right. - Billie Jean King

We have two ears and one mouth. Seems reasonable that our listening to talking ratio should be 2:1

To be able to look back upon ones life in satisfaction, is to live twice” ~Kahlil Gibran

The more we elaborate our means of communication, the less we communicate. ~ J. B. Priestley

The main thing is to keep the main thing the main thing -Stephen Covey

Life is like a ten speed bicycle. Most of us have gears we never use. -Charles M. Schulz, Famous energy drink Red Bull is also a record company and not just an energy drink
Expand Collapse 

Founder of Hershey's Chocolate, Milton Hershey and Kitty, his wife, would have been on Titanic if Kitty didn’t feel sick

There is Pink Kryptonite in Superman comics which actually makes Superman gay

Hitler admired Henry Ford to a point where he would mention him in speeches, kept his pictures and gave him regular birthday presents.

During production, Toy Story 2 almost got wiped from the systems. The film was saved thanks to the director who took a copy home for kids, The reality of life is that your perceptions--right or wrong--influence everything else you do. (Roger Birkman)...

Being overweight may not be hereditary, but it does show up in your jeans. - Joe Moore

Love is like a violin. The music may stop now and then, but the strings remain forever. ~ June Masters Bacher...

Every job is a self-portrait of the person who did it. Autograph your work with excellence

John Lennon was legally blind without his glasses.

The average couple spends about 20 minutes engaged in sexual foreplay prior to intercourse., Researchers have found that flatulence produced by dinosaurs contributed to global warming.

The "Neustadt Kunsth of Passage" is a building in Dresden, Germany that starts to play music whenever it rains

How poor or wealthy a country is can be seen in the price of their Big Macs

Before his surgery in 1999, Tiger Woods was very close to being legally blind.

"Strengths" is longest word in the English language with only one vowel, Enjoy the Celtics winning (we hope) and have a chanch to win 3 Big Daddy pizzas
 

Post your guesses for the score of Todays Cs
 
Game on our facebook page or Twitter page
 

" Cs X, Hawks Y, give me 3 big daddy pizzas", 

1. All guesses must be in before game starts
 2. One entry per event., The gender neutral term for a niece or nephew is "nibling."

Whiskey" is a Gaelic word and means "water of life."

The Rock actually created the word "smackdown" in 1997.

Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers. ~ Tony Robbins...

Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment. Oprah Winfrey

The average teacher explains complexity; the gifted teacher reveals simplicity.” - Robert Brault, Enjoy the Celtics winning (we hope) and have a chanch to win 3 Big Daddy pizzas

 

Post your guesses for the score of  Todays Cs

Game on our facebook page or Twitter page

 

 

" Cs X,  Hawks Y, give me 3 big daddy pizzas", 

1. All guesses must be in before game starts
2.  One entry per event., If you want to be happy, practice compassion. ~Dalai Lama

"A fanatic is one who can't change his mind and won't change the subject" -Winston Churchill

"Never cut what you can untie.", Joseph Joubert

Don't let the fear of striking out hold you back. ~Babe Ruth

"The most terrifying thing is to accept oneself completely." Carl Jung, Eminem’s mother sued him for $10M because he made offensive remarks about her in songs but she only received $1600.

Pigs are made enemies in Angry Birds because swine flu was riding high when the game 

A company has registered a patent for a toy rocket that is propelled with the help of fart gas.

Bill Gates is actually "Bill Gates III."

The most children born to one woman was 69 - Before dying at the age of 40, the woman had 16 twins, 7 triplets and 4 quadruplets.

When Tina Fey was 5, a stranger approached her in her yard and cut her cheek with a knife -- The scar is still visible.

Facebook gives you the option to download everything you've EVER posted in a ZIP file, While 10% of the entire population is left-handed, 20% of twins are left-handed.

Approximately 1/3rd of Americans flush the toilet while they are still sitting on it.

The highest denomination of currency issued by the U.S. is the $100,000 bill,,,I want 1 or 2 pls

Candles will burn longer and drip less if placed in the freezer a few hours before using.

In 1994, the average lifespan of an NFL player was 55 years.
 
OMG 10% of the American teenage population smokes marijuana at least 20 times a, Chocolate Cream Cheese Cupcakes $99 Cents Today---While they last

Vanilla Cake Filled With Dark Chocolate Ganache Topped With Chocolate Cream Cheese Frosting, Bill Gates has 7 bedrooms and 24 bathrooms in his primary house located in Seattle,, Y so many bathrooms

A single McDonald's fruit smoothie contains just as much sugar as 4 Reese's Peanut Butter Cups.

Jersey Shore" is the most successful reality show on television.

The little boy who did the voice of Bambi grew to become the youngest drill instructor ever in the Marines.

The anorexia rate in men has increased by 16% since last year.

The most valuable asset of a company is how it is known to its customers. ~Brian Tracy, Enjoy the Celtics beating the hawks (we hope) and have a chanch to win 3 Big Daddy pizzas

 

Post your guesses for the score of  Todays Cs

Game on our facebook page or Twitter page

 

 

" Cs X,  Hawks Y, give me 3 big daddy pizzas", 

1. All guesses must be in before game starts
2.  One entry per event.
 

 

 

Facebook us at Big Daddy's Pizza and Sub shop

Tweet @ BdpizzaBrighton, Chocolate Cream Cheese Cupcake $1.99
Vanilla Cake Filled With Dark Chocolate Ganache Topped With Chocolate Cre,m Cheese Frosting, Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing. - Mother. Theresa

Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all others. - Cicero

Hide not your talents, they for use were made. What's a sun-dial in the shade." - Benjamin Franklin

To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence. -@TheMarkTwain

There is no try. There is do or do not - Jedi Master Yoda

When you have a dream, nothing gets in your way. When you don't have a dream, everything gets in your way."..., Building a better you is the first step to building a better America. Zig Ziglar

 “It always seems impossible until it’s done.” ~ Nelson Mandela

Too much of anything is bad .. But too much chocolate is JUST RIGHT

There are no foreign lands. It is the traveler only who is foreign.” – Robert Louis...

If you are going through hell, keep going. - Winston Churchill

Cleaning your house while your kids are still growing up is like shoveling the walk before it stops snowing....

Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want.", stop the streak at 5,,,go sox...guess score win 2 pizzas

Post your guesses for the score of  Todays Game on our facebook page or Twitter page

 

 

" SoxX,  RoyalsY, give me 2 big daddy pizzas", 

1. All guesses must be in before game starts
2.  One entry per event.
 

 

 

Facebook us at Big Daddy's Pizza and Sub shop

Tweet @ BdpizzaBrighton, Johnny Depp has been a featured voice on three episodes of Spongebob Squarepants

The creators of Pringles had his ashes stored in a Pringles can after he died.

Elephants have been known to keep standing even after they die

Phyllis Vance from the hit show "The Office" used to be an NFL cheerleader

There is an official Rock, Paper, Scissors League.

Louis Vuitton burns their unsold merchandise so it won't be sold at a discount, If you really want to do something, you’ll find a way. If you don’t, you’ll find an excuse

One's destination is never a place but rather a new way of looking at things ~ Henry Miller

You know you're doing what you love when Sunday nights feel the same as Friday nights 

The more you give, the more you get in return. – Dave Thomas

The best looking-glass is the eyes of a friend. ~Irish Proverb

The whole of science is nothing more than a refinement of everyday thinking, The NBA is the Way you can win 3 free pizzas Today

Post your guesses for the score of Any NBA Game today on our facebook page or Twitter page

For Example

 

" Cs x, Hawks y, give me big daddy pizzas", 

1. All guesses must be in before game starts
2. while you can win for  any game, only one entry per event.
 

 

 

Facebook us at Big Daddy's Pizza and Sub shop

Tweet @ BdpizzaBrighton, Only a life lived for others is the life worth while. - Albert Einstein

He who will not economize will have to agonize. ~Confucius

"Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple." - Theodor Seuss Geisel (Dr. Seuss

PhilosophersSay: There are no facts, only interpretations. ~Friedrich Nietzsche

Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.” ~ Benjamin Spock

"There is one Grand Lie - that we are Limited. The Only Limits we Have are the Limits we Believe." ~Wayne Dyer, Sea otters hold hands while sleeping so they don't drift away from each other

"The Hunger Games" holds the record for highest advanced ticket sales for a non-sequel movie

The music video for Britney Spears' “...Baby One More Time” was shot at the high school where the movie "Grease" was filmed

If you type "do a barrel roll" into your Google search, the whole page will spin

The first man to survive going over Niagara Falls later died from slipping on an orange peel

A French Kiss is called an English Kiss in France, There are more stars in the sky than grains of sand on the earth.

A man too busy to take care of his health is like a mechanic too busy to take care of his tools. Spanish proverb

Love doesn't make the world go round. Love is what makes the ride worthwhile. - Franklin P. Jones

There are no perfect men in this world, only perfect intentions. - Densham, Pen

A #drunk man's words are a sober man's thoughts. ~ proverb

All that we are is a result of what we have thought – Buddha

Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company" ~Mark Twain, Chocolate Almond & Caramel Cupcakes   99 Cents Today
Good while supplies last

Chocolate Cake With Toasted Almonds, Topped With Vanilla Butter Cream And Caramel, Every problem contains within itself the seeds of its own solution. - Edward Somers

Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see. -Mark Twain

Happiness is not a station you arrive at, but a manner of traveling." ~ Margaret B. 

Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love. Mother Teresa

Love doesn't sit there like a stone, it has to be made, like bread: remade all the time, made new. ~Og Mandino

Love, I think, is a gateway to the world, not an escape from it. - Mark Doty

Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving. ― Albert Einstein, It would take one person 1,700 years to watch every video on YouTube.

The Nobel Peace Prize features 3 naked men with their hands on each others' shoulders

Of the 17,000 words Shakespeare used, he is said to have invented about 1,700 of them.

In 10 minutes, a hurricane releases more energy than all the world's nuclear weapons combined

"WAS IT A CAR OR A CAT I SAW" is the only full English sentence that, when read in reverse, will be the same

Farts travel at an average speed of 10 feet per second

A woman's chances of having twins increases after 35 years of age, Hunter S Thompson retyped The Great Gatsby just to get the feeling of typing a great novel!

Scientists made a reversible, injectable birth control method for MEN with 100% effectiveness in trials

We have the least sex on Tuesdays according to an NOP health survey.

The most hits on blog pages are recorded on Tuesdays.

30 minutes of exercise and movement can make you 10% smarter

Surgeons who play video games 20 minutes before performing operations are less likely 

You can buy Lucky Charms marshmallows in bulk without the cereal

15 inches of snow makes 1 inch of rain water

Researchers estimate that 91% of sea creatures remain undiscovered, There are 2,598,960 possible hands in a five-card poker game

Graceland, Elvis' home is the second most visited house in the US after the White House

By the end of 2012, more mobile phones will be in circulation than PEOPLE on this planet!

Tupac Shakur was a ballet dancer! Details

Mario Puzo only received a 5000 advance for writing The Godfather. Tom Clancy got the same amount for the Hunt for Red October

Nightingale poop is used in facials in Hawaiian spas because its urea softens the skin

Ozzy Osbourne was banned from San Antonio for 10 years for drunkenly peeing on the Alamo while wearing his wife Sharon's dress., The NBA is the Way you can win 2 free pizzas Today

Post your guesses for the score of Any NBA Game today on our facebook page or Twitter page
For Example

" Cs x, Hawks y, give me big daddy pizzas", 

1. All guesses must be in before game starts
2. while you can win for any game, only one entry per event.

Facebook us at Big Daddy's Pizza and Sub shop
Tweet @ BdpizzaBrighton, "If you judge people, you have no time to love them." -Mother Teresa

"The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources." - Albert Einstein...

We are what we repeatedly do. -Aristotle or You are what your record is ..-Parcells

 “No matter how hard the past, you can always begin again.” ~ Buddha

The world suffers a lot. Not because of the violence of bad people. But because of the silence of good people"...

Energy and persistence conquer all things. - Benjamin Franklin, In this life we cannot always do great things. But we can do small things with great love. -Mother Teresa

• Close Open Details
“Men do what they have to do; boys do what they want to do,” RG3

Sometimes you just have to take the leap and build your wings on the way down. ~ Kobi Yamada

I don't want life to imitate art. I want life to be art. ~ Ernst Fisher

PSA: 160,000 kids miss school every day to avoid being bullied. Take a stand and make your voice heard

Stop what you're doing. Google "zerg rush." Right now., Vanilla & Chocolate Cupcakes Only 99 cents today while supplies last

Vanilla Cake Dipped In Dark Chocolate Ganache Topped With Chocolate Butter Cream & Drizzeled With Chocolate Ganache, Foo Fighters was the name of unidentified flying objects during WWII that pilots sometimes saw

Keith Richards admitted to taking his cremated fathers ashes, mixing them with cocaine and snorting him

Captain Kirk never said 'Beam me up Scotty' in any Star Trek episode

An elephant's penis is so large; it is used as a fifth leg

Pocahontas was 11 when she met John Smith. He was 28!

Woody Harrelson's father was a hitman

Jane Seymour has one green eye and one brown eye, A full-grown tree produces enough oxygen to support a family of 4.

Lightning is 7 times more likely to strike men.

Approximately 3-5% of people in prison are innocent.

On average, students send and receive 3 text messages during every class.

o sex helps lower blood pressure.

ENJOY THE JOURNEY... because You are Here for a R E A S O N!" ✩ ~Deepak Chopra, The NBA is the Way you can win 2 free pizzas Today

Post your guesses for the score of Any NBA Game today on our facebook page or Twitter page

For Example

 

" Cs x, Hawks y, give me big daddy pizzas", 

1. All guesses must be in before game starts
2. while you can win for  any game, only one entry per event.
 
good luck, You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life" ~Winston Churchill

Failure is the opportunity to begin again, more intelligently~Henry Ford

Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing. Mother Teresa

To acknowledge you were wrong yesterday is to acknowledge you are wiser today." -Charles Spurgeon

Every ADULT needs a child to teach; it's the way adults... L E A R N ~ Frank A Clark

An empty canvas is a living wonder, far lovelier than certain pictures. ~ Kandinsky, the only real valuable thing is intuition. - Albert Einstein

Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep." -- Scott Adams

Wine is sunlight, held together by water. - Galilei, Galileo

He who plants a garden, plants happiness." -Cicero

Life can and should be phenomenal .. and it will be when you consciously apply the Law of Attraction #TheSecret...

"A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds." - Sir Francis Bacon

Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier." ~ Colin Powell, Vanilla & Chocolate Cupcake:  $1.99

 Half vanilla half chocolate cake topped with vanilla butter cream dipped in dark chocolate ganache, 78 percent of women would decline an intimate rendezvous if they had not shaved their legs or underarms

An iPhone app called "RingShuffle" gives you a temporary fake phone number, so you can switch it up when you don't want people calling you.

3.5 million people are still paying for a dial-up AOL internet connection

In 2010, there was a major traffic jam in China that lasted for about 12 days

The positive thinker sees the invisible, feels the intangible, and achieves the impossible.

PROCRASTINATION is the fertilizer that makes difficulties grow. (John Mason, creator of Insight, It is better to deserve honors and not have them than to have them and not deserve them. Mark Twain

I don't use drugs, my dreams are frightening enough. ~M. C. Escher

Pretty is something you're born with. But beautiful, that's an equal opportunity adjective.

"Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile achievement." ~Henry Ford

The journey is the reward. - Chinese Proverb

Everyone enjoys doing the kind of work for which he is best suited. -Napoleon Hill, Ways you can win free pizza tonight

Post your guesses on our facebook page

1. 10 free pizzas is you facebook us with the top 10 NFL Draft picks ( in order ) 

2. 2 Free pizza if you pick the score of either the celtic bucks game or the Red Sox vs White sox game

" Boston x, Other team y, give me big daddy pizzas", 

1. All guesses must be in before event starts
2. while you can win for for any event, only one entry per event., Q is the only letter in the alphabet that does not appear in the name of any of the United States!

thank god, Arthur Guinness signed a 9000-year lease for his beer factory

The inventor of the snapshot camera committed suicide. His note said 'my work is done, why wait., NLF Draft Day Contest

Submit/Facebook your guess for the top 10 , in the right order, for tonight's NFL Draft. And if your right you win 10 Pizzas.

 

Since Luck and RG3 are considered a lock at 1 and  2 your odds are pretty good.  

 

Facebook us at Big Daddy's Pizza and Sub shop

Tweet @ BdpizzaBrighton

Rules.

1. Guess Must be in by draft time

2. One Guess per person per game, only 1 win per person

 

Good Luck, A woman who survived the sinking of the Titanic, and accidents on its 2 sister ships!

In 1946, 4-billion movie tickets were purchased in America. Today, the number is about a third of that

There is a software available which tells the user whether a cat was running on it's keyboard.

"You Cannot Fail, you can Only Produce Results." ~Wayne Dyer

Supreme excellence consists in breaking the enemy's resistance without fighting." ~ Sun Tzu

If we open a quarrel between past and present, we shall find that we have lost the future. Winston Churchill, Becouse we love both the Bruins and the Sox , win Pizza with either ( or both) games

If You guess the Score of Today's games  ( Before the game starts) you win 2 free pizzas- for each game you get right

"Bs x Capsy, Give me 2 Free Big Daddy Pizzas"

Or     " Sox x Twins y , Give me 2 Free Big Daddy Pizzas"

Facebook us at Big Daddy's Pizza and Sub shop

Tweet @ BdpizzaBrighton, It matters if you just don't give up. ~ Stephen Hawking

Money talks, they say. All it ever said to me was "goodbye". Cary Grant

Every good thing that has happened in your life happened because something changed. Andy Andrews

We must have perseverance and above all confidence in ourselves.❞ ◕ #Quote Marie Curie

Mistakes increase the experience & experience reduces the mistakes, We want to thank our great fans for sending in over 100 B's scores over the last week  

 

The Bruins are going to up thier compete level for game 7

BIG DADDY is going to up ours

If You guess the Score of Today's game  ( Before the game starts) you win 2 free pizzas

Post on our Facebook page or Tweet to us "Bs x Caps Y, Give me 2 Free Big Daddys Pizzas"

 

Facebook us at Big Daddy's Pizza and Sub shop

Tweet @ BdpizzaBrighton

 

 

Rules.

1. Guess Must be in by game time

2. One Guess per person, one win per person

 

Good Luck, There are no words in the English language that rhyme with purple, orange, silver or month

Albert Einstein had his trash searched, mail opened, and phone tapped for 22 years by the FBI.

Lack of sleep can lead to an increased desire for sex and substance abuse

The total weight of all the ants on Earth is almost equal to weight of all the humans on Earth

Lady Gaga and Brad Pitt, were both strippers at one point.

The world's oldest motorized vibrator actually started fires, WIN 3 Pizzas if you guess the right score

 Eastern Confrence Finals Preview Cs Vs  Heat

If You guess the Score of Today's game  ( Before the game starts) you win 3 free pizzas

Post on our Facebook page  "Cs x Heat Y, Give me 3 Free Big Daddys Pizzas"

 

Facebook us at Big Daddy's Pizza and Sub shop

 

Rules.

1. Guess Must be in by game time

2. One Guess per person, one win per person

 

Good Luck, Worry is a misuse of the imagination." Dan Zadra

He who conquers others is strong, he who conquers himself is mighty .'' Lao Tzu

"You must either modify your dreams or magnify your skills." -- Jim Rohn

Where there is love, there is life." ~ by Gandhi

To argue with a person who has renounced the use of reason is like giving medicine to the dead

"Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap, but by the seeds you plant." -Robert Stevenson, Caramel Apple Cupcake $1.99

Vanilla Cake Filled With Caramelized Apples Topped With Vanilla Butter And Caramel, "Life isn't about finding yourself ...it's about creating yourself! Who will you become today?" ~@TonyRobbins

A good friend is cheaper than therapy

No man is rich enough to buy back his past." - Oscar Wilde

Achieve greatness. Start where you are, use what you have, do what you can. -Arthur Ashe, Mr. Incredible to his children "You are my greatest adventure."

The earth is what we all have in common. -Wendell Berry Happy Earth Day

If my mind can conceive it, and my heart can believe it, I know I can achieve it. ~J Jackson

"I don't have a bank account, because I don't know my mother's maiden name." - Paula Poundstone

"My interest is in the future because I am going to spend the rest of my life there." (Charles Kettering)

Theodor Seuss Geisel dropped out of Oxford before getting his PhD and called himself Dr. Seuss as a nod to his father

In the 1920's popcorn was banned from movie theaters because it was too noisy

The janitor from Scrubs was originally a figment of J.D.’s imagination!, Chocolate & Poached Pear Cupcake  $1.99

Chocolate Cake Stuffed With Poached Pears Topped With Vanilla Butter Cream Ganache & Poached Pear, Hydrox that was introduced in 1908. 4 yrs before oreo

Humans are more likely to be killed by a vending machine, than they are by a shark

Coco Chanel was a Nazi spy! Churchill saved her from prosecution.

OUCH There are more head and spinal injuries from cheerleading than all other high school and college sports combined

Kissing may have evolved as a way of exposure to protect ourselves from viruses.

Pauly D (From Jersey Shore) spends at least 25 minutes on his hair every day.

Laughing for 15 minutes a day burns about 40 calories -- Doing this daily can help you lose about 4 pounds a year., way to go bruins, great call laidbck

Won a free pizza today

LaidBack Noux@NouxdlesReply
 
@BDPizzaBrighton 4 to 3 Bruins, duder., There's an entire breed of dwarf cats with abnormally short legs. They are called "Munchkin Cats."

Regular Twitter users are sometimes referred to as members of the "Twitterati."

More assertive people tend to experience lower amounts of social stress and are better communicators.

Keenan and Kel both auditioned for Saturday Night Live -- Keenan made it, Kel did not.
 
A man's beard grows faster when he is anticipating sex.

Twitter is harder to resist than cigarettes and alcohol

Whoever is trying to bring you down, is already below you. —, "A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step." ~Confucius

Instruction does much, but encouragement does everything. Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe

Just when I found out the meaning of life, they changed it. - George Carlin

TV is chewing gum for the eyes. Frank Lloyd Wright

Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!" - Audrey Hepburn

No man ever listened himself out of a job. – Calvin Coolidge

Your Success is in Your Head and Your Hands. ~ #LoriMoreno, Bruins Win or Go Home , and we all know our B's like to stay out late and eat    "FREE " Pizza

 

If You guess the Score of Today's game 6 ( Before the game starts) you win a free pizza

Post on our Facebook page  "Bs x Caps Y, Give me my Free Big Daddys Pizza"

 

Rules.

1. Guess Must be in by game time

2. One Guess per person, one win per person

 

Good Luck, Gentelman start your engines

For the 1st Time Ever Big Daddy's is giving a way Pizzas after a NASCAR event

If You guess the Winner of Today's STP 400 ( Before the race starts) you win a free pizza

Post on our Facebook page or Tweet to us " x is going to win the STP, Give me my Free Big Daddys Pizza"

Rules.
1. Guess Must be in by Race time
2. One Guess per person, one win per person
Good Luck, The most expensive paparazzi photo ever was the classic photo of bald Britney Spears, which sold for $500,000

Laughter increases the activity of antibodies in the body by 20%, helping destroy viruses and tumor cells.

A driver's risk of collision is 23 times greater while texting.

Men who take vacations every year lower their risk of heart disease by 20%.

Women who vacation more than once a year have less depression as well as greater relationship satisfaction.

The greatest weapon against stress is our ability to choose one thought over another: W. James, A smile is a curve that sets everything straight

Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence. -Vince Lombardi

Happiness can be found, even in the darkest of time, if one only remembers to turn on the light."

Live so that when your children think of fairness & integrity, they think of you" ~Jackson Brown

If we're not on them, they go back to their old ways. ~Dick Butkus

Gray skies are just clouds passing over. - Frank Gifford, Enjoy a Free Pizza After the Bruin must Game 5 vs the Caps

 
If You guess the correct score of the B's game 5 4/21/12 vs the Caps.

Post on our Facebook page or Tweet to us " Bs x, CapY, Give me my Free Big Daddys Pizza"

 

Facebook us at Big Daddy's Pizza and Sub shop

Tweet @ BdpizzaBrighton

 

 

Rules.

1. Guess Must be in by Gametime

2. One Guess per person, one win per person

 

Good Luck, You can call the Hunger Games hotline (404) 698-2903, and actually participate in the game!

Lobsters have clear blood.

Teacher Barbie" was recalled in 1995 by Mattel because her lack of panties caused media controversy

The Sims is the best selling PC game of all time!

Almost" is the longest word in the English language with all its letters in alphabetical order, Win 3 free Pizzas By Telling us the correct celtic vs Hawks score before the Cs game tonight. " Cs x  Hawks y give me 3 free Big Daddys Pizzas:  1 guess per customer good luck, Happy 100th Birthday Fenway

The Sox vs The Evil Empire-- Go sox

Post /Message  the correct score of the Sox 100th Ann Game B 4 Game, win pizza." sox x yanks y, give me a Free Big Daddy pizza

One guess and one win per customer, Almost" is the longest word in the English language with all its letters in alphabetical order

OMG The biggest star discovered is 265 times larger than our sun -- It's also 8.7 million times brighter and it's blue

Steve Job's signature is engraved on the inside of every early Mac.

hmm Cats can give birth to kittens with multiple fathers in one litter

The average internet user watches 186 videos every month

The worst thing anyone says about me, contains some truth about them — Deepak Chopra, History will be kind to me for I intend to write it." - Winston Churchill

"Forgiveness is a gift you give yourself." - Suzanne Somers

Anytime you see someone more successful than you are, they are doing something you're not. — Malcolm X

Winning is not everything, but the effort to win is." -Zig Ziglar

We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone ~Ronald Reagan

The shell must break before the bird can fly. ~Alfred Tennyson

I am a woman hear me roar. In numbers too big to ignore. ~ Helen Reddy, We are determined to give a way free pizzas to our great customers If 

 

You guess the correct score of the Bs game tonight 4/19/12 vs the Caps.

Post on our Facebook page Bs x, CapsY, Give me a Free Big Daddys Pizza"

 

Facebook us at Big Daddy's Pizza and Sub shop

Tweet @ BdpizzaBrighton

 

 

Rules.

1. Guess Must be in by Gametime

2. One Guess per person, one win per person

 

Good Luck, Kilometers are shorter than miles. Save gas, take your next trip in kilometres" ~George Carlin

 If you laugh, you change. If you change, the whole world changes around you.

In order to make the steam room machines look bigger than they were, all the Titanic actors playing the operators wer only about 5 feet tall

Even if you adjust it for inflation, it cost MORE money to make a movie about the Titanic than it was to build the actual ship

 
 
Kelsey Grammer: only actor nominated for Emmys for the same character in 3 different TV shows!, 3 free pizzas for the lucky fan who posts at our site, the correct score of the Cs game tonight, 1 guess per person, guess before the game starts.

3 free pizzas , becouse its hard to guess, My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them. Mitch Hedberg

"Success is not measured by what you accomplish, but by the opposition you have encountered." -Orison Swett Marden...

The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain. ~ Dolly Parton

Those who wish to sing always find a song. #Quote ~ Swedish Proverb, The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits. Albert Einstein

When was the last time you did something for the first time?"

Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for kindness." --Seneca

Nobody who has ever given his best has regretted it. George Halas

Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did, Every single second is an opportunity to change your life, because in any moment you can change the way you feel

I have found the paradox, that if you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt, only more love. - Mother Teresa

We come to #love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly

I don't want to achieve immortality through my work. I want to achieve immortality through not dying. - Woody Allan

"The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing."~John Powell

Reminded: If the only prayer you ever say in your entire life is "thank you," that would suffice. ~ Meister, Lemon Raspberry Cupcake



$1.99



Vanilla Cake Filled With Lemon Cream And Fresh Raspberry . Topped With Vanilla Butter Cream And More Raspberry, “Doing your best means never stop trying.”

Forgive, forget, move on. ~

The greatest use of life is to spend it doing something that will outlast it. - William James

If you don't like the road you're walking, pave another one. ~ Dolly Parton

You cannot step twice into the same river. ~Heraclitus

You only have one face. Take care of it." - Estee Lauder.

I’ve learned that mistakes can often be as good a teacher as success, 5hiw, this is a test, Win a Pizza if you guess the correct score of the Bruin game tonight 4/16/12 vs the Caps.

Post on our Facebook page or Tweet to us " Bs x, Caps Y, Give me a Free Big Daddys Pizza"

Facebook us at Big Daddy's Pizza and Sub shop

Tweet @ BdpizzaBrighton
Rules.

1. Guess Must be in by Gametime
2. One Guess per person, one win per person
Good Luck, Studies at Princeton University have found that money can buy happiness when you make up to $75,000 a year

People who suffer from "The Glass Delusion" are convinced they are made of glass and will shatter easily

Text neck" is the technical term for an injury commonly caused by hunching over cell phones.

A cat's short-term memory is 20 times greater than a human's.

Women r biologically attracted aggresive jerks because their traits resemble those needed for survival ,Strength, physical power and bravery

OMG Chewing gum while studying then chewing the same flavor while taking a test can improve your memory!

It's possible to sue telemarketers for calling you without your express consent first, Enjoy the marathorn

Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Cupcakes 99 cents today , while they last

Creamy Cookie Dough Filling, The need to feel listened to and heard is built into human nature - This is why many Twitter users always want more followers.

At Oberlin College, it is possible to major in Super Smash Bros.

1.3% of the entire female U.S. population have fake boobs.

At Hong Kong Polytechnic University, you can receive a Bachelor Degree in Bra Studies (Intimate Apparel).

In 1814, a 100,000 gallon flood of beer killed 9 people in London.

A champion is someone who gets up when he can't. - Jack Dempsey

No matter how hard life gets, it's still WAY beautiful, Win a Pizza if you guess the correct score of the Celts game tonight 4/15/12 vs the Bobcats.

Post on our Facebook " Celts x, Cats Y, Give me a Free Big Daddys Pizza"

 

Facebook us at Big Daddy's Pizza and Sub shop

Tweet @ BdpizzaBrighton

 

 

Rules.

1. Guess Must be in by Gametime

2. One Guess per person, one win per person

 

Good Luck, Video games with positive goals inspires positive behavior and improves health in the individual playing it

A cat's brain is more similar to a human brain than it is to a dog's. Both humans and cats have identical regions responsible for emotion

There is no word you can write using only the bottom row of the keyboard

Happiness is contagious - Potential dates find it harder to walk away from happier people.

Google owns a "secret" lab called "Google X" where they are working on a space elevator, Strawberry Brownie Cheese Cake Cupcake
$1.99
Strawberry Vanilla Cake Topped With Vanilla Butter Cream And Brownie, "In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity" ~Albert Einstein

We either make ourselves miserable or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same." ~Don Juan

Three can keep a secret, if two of them are dead." ~ B. Franklin

Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one. ~ Malcom S. Forbes

All men's miseries derive from not being able to sit in a quiet room alone. ~Blaise Pascal

A hug is a great gift - one size fits all, & it's easy to exchange

Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young." ~Henry..., If you have knowledge, let others light their candles with it. ~ Winston Churchill

You have the Power to Create the Naturally Stress-Free & Tranquil Life you Desire" ~Wayne Dyer

When you go after what you love in life, don't take no for an answer

Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another." ~Walter Elliott

"You know you're in #love when you cannot fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams

Does anyone have any questions for my answers?” - Henry Kissinger

In my friend, I find a second self. ~ Isabel Norton, Post B's score to our wall, and if you are correct, win a Pizzas

There has not been a zero tie in playoff game since 1933, so no right guesses last time.

Try again for the 2nd game this afternoon
Post the Correct score of this afternoon's B's game 

"Bs x Caps y, give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza"
(before the game starts) and win a free pizza.
1 win per customer, Scientists suggest that the average person will fall in love seven times before they get married.

Forgiveness actually has health benefits! It can reduce the risk of heart attacks and slow the spread of cancer.

Studies suggest the anti-inflammatory properties of marijuana can prevent the clumping of brain proteins - a major cause of Alzheimer's.

The U.S. Air Force research laboratory contemplated making a "Gay bomb," a weapon that would induce homosexual behavior when dropped.

While kissing for one minute, both partners burn about 2.6 calories

British police regularly carry teddy bears in their cars to console distraught children., One today is worth two tomorrows. Benjamin Franklin

The worst disability in life is a bad attitude.Scott Hamilton

The darker the times, the stronger the yearning to find the Light and the brighter the Light found - Alan

Appreciate Everything... & Everyone!" ~Wayne Dyer

I love truth and wish to have it always spoken to me: I hate a liar.” -Titus Plautus

I'd rather have roses on my table than diamonds on my neck. ~Emma Goldman

Sharing makes you bigger than you are. The more you pour out, the more life will be able to pour in. ~Jim Rohn

The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do." - Walter Bagehot, The year 2012 will have 3 Friday the 13ths - And they will all be exactly 13 weeks apart

Saint Nicholas is the patron saint of the falsely accused and prostitutes.

Not only do you strengthen your facial muscles when kissing, but it increases oxytocin in the body, relieving stress

Even though humans usually cannot tell whether or not they smell, we always know whether or not our feet smell.

Social psychologists have found that the more a city's radio station plays country music, the higher the suicide rate becomes, Tell us the Correct score of tonight's B's game 

"Bs x Caps y, give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza"
 
(before the game starts) and win a free pizza.
 
1 win per customer
**************************************

Life is nothing without friendship. - Marcus Tullius Cicero

No bridge of any size is built by just one person. Charles Stanley

Truth has no special time of its own. Its hour is now - always." ~ Albert Schweitzer

Love all. Serve all. Help ever. Hurt never

Not everything that counts can be counted, and not everything that can be counted counts. - Albert Einstein, Tell us the Correct score of tonight's B's game 

"Bs x Caps y, give me a Free Big Daddy Pizza"

(before the game starts) and win a free pizza.

1 win per customer, Sheep have an amazing retaining ability. They can remember faces of humans and sheep for many years.

Sex is known to be much more effective to put you to sleep than your average sleeping pill.

Titanic II is the sequel of the blockbuster movie Titanic but it flopped with a 1.8 rating on IMDB

A man got out of bed, drove to his inlaws' house and killed his father and mother in law while sleepwalking! Court declared him innocent, The second longest running animated series in the U.S. is the children's show "Arthur." First is "The Simpsons

Wasps emit an "alarm pheromone" when you kill them, summoning the rest of their colony.

"The Big Bang Theory" is the most watched television show in Canada.

Mosquitos are more attracted to the scent of smelly feet.

From fossil evidence that was uncovered in New Zealand, researchers have found that penguins actually coexisted with dinosaurs

The Nazis invented exploding chocolate bars. These were uncovered by British intelligence during WWII, but they were never used.

Intelligent men tend to be more sexually faithful, Brad Pitt was banned from entering China because of his role in the movie "Seven Years in Tibet."

Let your love be like the misty rains, coming softly, but flooding the river. - Malagasy Proverb

Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work. — Aristotle

Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door. ~ Kyle Chandler

I have no special talents. I am only passionately curious." ~ Albert Einstein

"The secret to #success: find out where people are going and get there first" ~ Mark Twain

The key is not to prioritize your schedule, but to schedule your priorities. ~ Stephen Covey, Spicy Strawberry Shortcake Cupcake
$1.99
Spicy Chocolate Cake Filled With Strawberries Topped With Vanilla Butter Cream And More Strawberries

Humans find information addictive -- We naturally want more information and choices than our brains can process.

Watching people dance causes or muscles to respond in a way as if we are dancing too.

There are three things the human brain cannot resist noticing -- They are food, attractive people and danger.

Ouch An adult giraffe has a kick so powerful, it can decapitate a lion.

Omg Thinking about your muscles can increase your strength.

Playing with puppies and kittens has been proven to relieve stress and help students perform better on tests, You haven't failed until you quit trying

I am not discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward." - Thomas A. Edison

What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds

A book is like a garden carried in the pocket. -Chinese Proverb

Humans find information addictive -- We naturally want more information and choices than our brains can process.

Watching people dance causes or muscles to respond in a way as if we are dancing too, Red Velvet Cupcake$0.99
Delicous Red Velvet Cake With Vanilla Cream Cheese Frosting
while they last

"I am an optimist. It does not seem too much use being anything else." - Winston Churchill

•the harder you work, the luckier you get. - Gary Player

By the time a man realizes that maybe his father was right, he usually has a son who thinks hes wrong. Charles...

Success is one percent of inspiration and ninety-nine percent of perspiration. Thomas Edison

"My hope is to leave the World a little better for having been there" ~ Jim Henson------y not a lot better !!!!

I'm a river. No matter whatever comes in my way, I will definitely reach the sea. — Anupriyo Mandal, Free Pizza if you tell us the Correct Score of NCAA Final Hockey game, before the game starts.  " Eagles x, Bulldogs y, give me a free Big Daddy Pizza"    Go Eagles, There are Easter eggs for blind kids. They beep, so children will be able to find them.------------------YESS!!

Justin Timberlake's mother is actually Ryan Gosling's legal guardian.

All throughout history, women have on average, always lived longer than men.

Y2K (the mass computer bug that was supposedly going to occur in the year 2000) is now predicted to occur in 2038.

Research at Essex University discovered teens who have never smoked, nor drank alcohol were 4 to 6 times more likely to be happier

The U.K was rated the 17th drunkest country in the world---who is number 1?, Red Velvet Cupcakes only 99 Cents Today- Get Em while they last

Nolan Gould (Aka Luke Dunphy), the "dumb kid" on Modern Family is actually a genius in real life, with an IQ of 150.

Females learn to talk earlier, use sentences earlier and tend to read quicker than males

Stress often causes headaches as a result of your blood being redirected to other parts of your body

The North American lottery system makes about $70 billion every year -- More than the movie, music and porn industry combined., Thousands of years ago, cats were worshipped as Gods. Cats have never forgotten this

The "Liger" is a cross between a FEMALE tiger and MALE lion -- Male tigers and female lions produce "Tigons."

A #2 pencil and a dream can take you anywhere. - Joyce A. Myers

Never wish life were easier, wish that you were better. Jim Rohn

❝It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.❞ ☼ E.E. Cummings, Easter Cadbury Egg & Coconut Cupcake$1.99

Vanilla Cake With Toasted Coconut & Cadbury Cream Egg Baked In, Topped With Light Chocolate Butter Cream & More Toasted Coconut, OMG A driver's risk of collision is 23 times greater while texting

Men who take vacations every year lower their risk of heart disease by 20%.

Women who vacation more than once a year have less depression as well as greater relationship satisfaction

John Krasinski and B.J. Novak (Jim and Ryan from 'The Office) went to high school together and both graduated in 1997.

The Harry Potter movies, planking and Rihanna were the most talked about topics on Facebook in 2011

Kissing has been proven to help reduce the appearance of blemishes and acne, Connor LaRocco was the only Big Daddy customer smart enough to get today's score right, Congrads Conner, Dr. Suess once wrote a book called "The Seven Lady Godivas" about seven sisters who rode around on horses with no clothes.

Cleopatra claimed pickles made her beautiful.

There's an Iron Man edition of Mr. Potato Head named "Tony Starch

BE the change you wish to see in the world." ~ Gandhi

A good hockey player plays where the puck is. A great hockey player plays where the puck is going to be. - Wayne

Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies. Mother Teresa

if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward. ~Victor Kiam, Free Pizza?

guess the score of opening day 

Red Sox x, Tigers Y, give me a free Big Daddy pizza

1. guess per customer, 2. Guesses must be in by game time, each correct guess gets a free pizza. its that simple, The average driving/car-bus riding person spends about 3 months of their life at a red light.

On a Canadian two dollar bill, the flag flying over the Parliament Building is an American flag.

Most things which we think are impossible in life, is because we have never tried them. So go for every dream and opportunity before making a judgement

Before you criticise someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes. That way when you criticise them, you are a mile away from them and you have their shoes.

If you can't see the bright side of life, polish the dull side
A kiss is just a pleasant reminder that two heads are better than one

There is no elevator to success. You have to take the stairs., Eating two poppy seed bagels will cause you test positive for opiates on a drug test.

From a survey of 54,000 people, researchers discovered that cancer patients with a sense of humor were 70% more likely to survive

There are two mistakes one can make along the road to truth...not going all the way, and not starting." – Buddha...

It's never too late to become the person you might have been. (George Elliot

When you undervalue what you do, the world will undervalue who you are. Oprah Winfrey

It's Never Crowded Along the Extra Mile" ~Wayne Dyer

If you’re too busy to enjoy life, you’re too busy. ~Jeff Davidson

"You've got to win in your mind before you win in your life." - John Addison, Facebook users have an avid fear of using the "Status update" field as a "Search bar".

Laughter in the workplace greatly reduces stress and boosts morale

Sea otters have been ranked the cutest animal in the world by Animal Planet.

Alaska is the only state that can be typed using one row of keys.

Globally, baby boys are 25% more likely to die in infancy than baby girls.

70% of the poor people in the world are women

My dog is worried about the economy because Alpo is up to $3 a can. Thats almost $21 in dog money. Joe Weinstein, Google before you tweet is the new think before you speak.

Friendships multiply joys and divide griefs. ~ H. G. Bohn

All things are difficult before they are easy. -Thomas Fuller

People tend to take what you do for granted until you stop doing them

A master can tell you what he expects of you. A teacher, though, awakens your own expectations. Patricia Neal, Wyoming was the first state to allow women to vote

A fetus acquires fingerprints at the age of three months.

According to German researchers, the risk of heart attack is higher on Monday than any other day of the week

Beards are the fastest growing hairs on the human body. If the average man never trimmed his beard, it would grow to nearly 30 feet long in his lifetime.

Blondes have more hair than dark-haired people.

Watching TV causes people to eat more. The more entertaining the show is, the more you are likely to eat., People who marry when they are over 25 years of age have a 24% decreased risk of divorce

2 million videos are added to YouTube everyday.

What are called "fries" in the U.S. are called "chips" in Britain - What are called "chips" in the U.S. are called "crisps" in Britain

"Everyone is gifted, but some people never open their package."

When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it

The Internet has been the most fundamental change during my lifetime and for hundreds of years. Rupert Murdoch

High expectations are the key to everything." - Sam Walton

Friends Are Like The Chocolate Chips In A Chocolate Chip Cookie. They Make Everything Taste Better" -Kendall H, The University of California, Berkeley now holds classes for students to train in the strategy game Starcraft, and also hands out ‘homework’

Women tend to respond best to compliments about their lips.

Fresh apples give off ethylene gas, which when put next to bananas, helps them ripen faster.

The pupil of the eye expands by as much as 45% when looking at someone pleasing., The French have a version of April Fools called "April's Fish" where the pranks are all fish-based.

In 2000, Steve Jobs almost became the CEO of Google

Fear is interest paid on a debt you may not owe.

Create love and you will receive love. - #TamelaJaeger

"Don't let the past steal your present" ~Cherralea Morgen

The real measure of your wealth is how much you'd be worth if you lost all your money. Bernard Meltzer, Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Cupcakes
$0.99 for today, get them before they are goine
With A Creamy Cookie Dough Filling, 23% of people think they look better with a "mouth-closed" smile.

Men are twice as likely to post updates on social networking sites such as Facebook and Twitter after sex

Justin Bieber is googled more than Jesus.

Hey Jess-Shakespeare was the first person in recorded history to use the name Jessica. Many claim he "invented" it.

Chocolate is good for your teeth. Chocolate can help fight against bacteria in the mouth and stop dental decay-now have desert

Squidward from Spongebob Squarepants is an octopus, not a squid., The best of times is now. - Oprah Winfrey

I loved history because to me, history was like watching a movie. -Quentin Tarantino

I Create My Reality with My Thoughts" ~Wayne Dyer

"You cannot climb the ladder of success dressed in the costume of failure." ~Zig Ziglar

The more beauty you see in others, the more beautiful you become.

Life can be pulled by goals just as surely as it can be pushed by drives. ~Viktor Frankl, Chocolate Oreo Cupcakes $1.99

Flourless Chocolate Cake With Oreos-baked In- Topped With Vanilla Butter Cream & Crushed Oreos, Every eight seconds, a human life is lost due to tobacco use somewhere in the world. This equals about 5 million deaths every year.

omg Clomipramine is a drug that causes you to orgasm whenever you yawn.

People that "feel smarter" when wearing glasses tend to become more studious and in turn, do better in school.

sounds familure-The mating ritual of the Sloth, including foreplay, takes place and finishes within 5 seconds.

Right-handed people tend to see things situated on the right side of a page as more positive. Lefties feel the same about the left side.

You can change your Facebook language to Pirate as well as Upside Down.

Love bombing is the deliberate show of affection or friendship by an individual or a group of people toward another individual., After consuming alcohol, our perceptions change to make people appear more attractive. So yes, "beer goggles" are real.

Surveys show that both men and women prefer an attractive face over an attractive body for a long-term mate.

Love is a friendship set to music.- E. Joseph Cossman

• 
When you see a person without a smile, give them yours. ~Zig Ziglar

I wish people would love everybody else the way they love me. It would be a better world.-Muhammad Ali

What we see depends mainly on what we look for ❞ #Quote John Lubbock, Babe Ruth wore No. 3 because he batted third.

At horse race tracks, the favorite wins fewer than 30% of the time!

At 120 miles per hour, a Formula One car generates so much downforce that it can drive upside down on the roof of a tunnel

All major league baseball umpires must wear black underwear while on the job!

Left-handed people are better at sports that require good spatial judgment and fast reaction, compared to right-handed individuals.

The earth travels through space at 660,000 miles per hour

All of the Earth's continents are wider at the north than in the south - and nobody knows why., Lemon & Cream Cheese Cupcake
99 cents today
Vanilla Cake Filled With Lemon Cream Topped With Cream Cheese Butter

just remember Every two thousand frowns creates one brow wrinkle.

Harry Potter’s name refers to a “potter’s field,” which is a cemetery in which people of unknown identity or the very poor are buried.

Don't underestimate your abilities. it's your boss's job!"

Life can never be perfect, but the good things is, you can always improve it to be better than before

"We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools" - MLK

Do not anticipate trouble or worry about what may never happen. Keep in the sunlight. Benjamin Franklin

Lemon & Cream Cheese Cupcake
99 cents today
Vanilla Cake Filled With Lemon Cream Topped With Cream Cheese Butter, Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. ~ Albert Einstein

Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning." Bill Gates

A man is but the product of his thoughts. What he thinks, he becomes. ~Mahatma Gandhi
 
Never let a day pass that you will have cause to say, I will do better tomorrow. Brigham Young

Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest. - Mark Twain

I think I began learning long ago that those who are happiest are those who do the most for others. Booker T...., The modern tampon was invented in 1933, by a man.

Most men say the thong is the sexiest article of lingerie -- Majority of women think it's the bra.

The female Orb-web spider eats the male during sex, but the male's penis is detachable and still finishes the job

You can't have a relationship without any fights, but you can make your relationship worth the fight

When we make our minds up, we can play with anybody. ~Michael Strahan

Money is like an arm or leg - use it or lose it. ~ Henry Ford

"If you are still talking about what you did yesterday, you haven't done much today.", A Ferrari FXX costs $1.8 million. But you don't take it home; Ferrari brings it to a track for you then packs it up until the next time.

EnemyGraph is a new Facebook app that lets its users add enemies and create pages about the people they hate.

Scientists have created new species of fish named as Wholphin by breeding a whale and a dolphin

 China produces 44% of the world's apple (the fruit) and 100% of the Apple Inc.'s products
 
Cleopatra owned one of the world's first vibrators. It was a small container filled with buzzing bees
 
Most babies are born with blue eyes. Exposure to ultraviolet light (the sun) and melanin are what eventually bring out their true color, Researchers at Montreal University in Canada could not find ANY men in their 20s who had not viewed X-rated material at some point

Nearly 1 out of every 5 Americans are considered to be illiterate.

78 percent of women claim they would decline an intimate love session if they had not shaved their legs or underarms.

The name "Harry Potter" is mentioned 18,956 times throughout the entire Harry Potter book series.

Barack Obama told T.V. Guide his favorite cartoon character was Spongebob Squarepants.

"Fancy being remembered around the world for the invention of a mouse!." -Walt Disney

"No man is useless while he has a friend." -Robert Louis Stevenson, Domestic cats hate lemons or other citrus scents

Baby whales grow at an average rate of 10lbs per hour!

A Koala Bear sleeps 22 hours of every day.

50% of pizzas in America are pepperoni

Every month, about 9 out of 10 American children visit a McDonald’s restaurant

Pepsi originally contained pepsin, thus the name

. The United kingdom eats more cans of baked beans than the rest of the world combined.

The average coach airline meal costs the airline $4.00. The average first class meal: $50., “Women need real moments of solitude and self-reflection to balance out how much of ourselves we give

The movie "John Carter" is currently the biggest box office flop in film history, with a net loss of $166,566,620.00.

29% of American men report having 15 or more sex partners. 9% of women say the same

The CIA once spent $20 million on a cat equipped with gear to spy on the Soviets, but it was hit by a taxi

As much as 6 percent of the world's population suffers from sex addiction-1 in 20 look around

Smiling naturally lifts the muscles in the face and slows down the rate at which we age.

Men are four times more likely to sleep in the nude than women, The energy of a discharge of an electric eel could start 50 cars.

The average 1 1/4 lb. lobster is 7 to 9 years old.

Some lions mate over 50 times a day

Polar bear fur is not white, it's clear.

Parrots have 500 pounds per square inch of pressure in their beaks, 15 percent of Americans secretly bite their toes.

Abraham Lincoln was a licensed bartender

President George W. Bush and Playboy founder Hugh Hefner are cousins!
 
On average, it takes 660 days from conception for an elephant to give birth.

How does a shark find fish? It can hear their hearts beat
ing.

Cats make over 100 different vocal sounds; dogs can make about ten

Crocodiles swallow stones to help them dive deeper., Nearly 30% of female lottery winners hide their winning ticket in their bras.

More redheads are born in Scotland than in any other part of the world

Just one in three consumers pays off his or her credit card bill every month

more boys than girls are born during the day; more girls are born at night.

Just one in three consumers pays off his or her credit card bill every month

Half of all Americans over the age of 55 have no teeth.

Boys who have unusual first names are more likely to have mental problems than boys with conventional names. Girls don't seem to have this problem.

Approximately one-third of the population can't snap their fingers!

About 2/3 of American men prefer boxers to briefs.

90 percent of women who walk into a department store immediately turn to the right., People are more likely to tilt their heads to the right when kissing instead of the left (65 percent of people go to the right!)

 8 out of 10 people think that the first kiss indicates how the rest of the relationship will be.

According to some estimates, Americans are sitting on $30 billion worth of unredeemed gift cards.

Americans throw out 4.5 pounds of trash a day - twice that of 40 years ago.

Thrity-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married.

Women who are romance novel readers are reported to make love 74% more often with their partners than women who do not read romance novels.

The name "Wendy" was made up for the book Peter Pan!
The average American eats at McDonalds more than 1,800 times in their life

Nearly 10% of American households dress their pets in Halloween costumes, Elvis had a twin

Prince William's nickname in college was "P-Willy".

Actor Val Kilmer grew up on Roy Rogers' ranch.

Henry Ford produced the model T only in black because the black paint available at the time was the fastest to dry.

Children laugh about 400 times a day, while adults laugh on average only 15 times a day.

The average company saves over $7,000 for each employee suggestion that is enacted!

According to Harris Interactive, 70% of men and 57% of women shower daily.

In 75% of American households, women manage the money and pay the bills, Jellyfish as a species are actually older than dinosaurs and sharks.
The oldest known animal in the world was 'Ming' the 405 year old clam, discovered in 2007.
Alligator snapping turtles can live for over 150 years. Scientists know this because some of the turtles had musket balls in their stomachs.

The world's smartest pig, owned by a mathematics teacher in Madison, WI, memorized the multiplication tables up to 12

Honey bees fly at 15 miles per hour.
The average cost of raising a medium-size dog to the age of eleven is $16,400 US Dollars.
When it comes time to give birth, the female shark loses her appetite so she won't be tempted to eat her own pups
Certain frogs can be frozen solid, then thawed, and survive.
There are 58mm dogs in the us, In Ancient Greece, the common slang for a oral sex was "playing the flute."
Pushing your tongue against the roof of your mouth will cure you of brain freeze.

The number 5 is pronounced 'ha' in Thai so "555" is slang for "hahaha."

Staring at a blue surface during sex greatly increases the intensity of orgasms.

Abraham Lincoln's grandfather was also named Abraham Lincoln. He was also shot and killed.

Today could be just another day ~ unless you find a way to make a difference ~ make it an extraordinary day!❞

When walking through the "valley of shadows", remember, a shadow is cast by a light. H.K Barclay

"Art is a lie that makes us realize truth." -Pablo Picasso

When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves. Victor Frankl
"Intelligent girls make better lovers", Pageant Models often smear Vaseline on their teeth so their lips won't stick when smiling.
Of the six men who made up the Three Stooges, three of them were real brothers (Moe, Curly, and Shemp).

One punishment for an adulterous wife in medieval France was to make her chase a chicken through town naked.
Oak trees do not have acorns until they are fifty years old or older.
Non-dairy creamer is flammable.
Mussolini dodged the Italian draft.
Months that begin on a Sunday will always have a 'Friday the 13th'., In Finland, the amount of a speeding ticket depends on how much money you make.
Daniel Radcliffe was paid 80 times more for the final Harry Potter film than he was for the first one.
Speaking more than one language literally makes the brain more agile and increases IQ
 
For a minimum of $10.00 a minute, you can call Angelina from Jersey Shore and even Lindsay Lohan's parents!
In China, you can hire a person to stand in line for you at $3 an hour
Rihanna's video "We Found Love" has been banned in France for encouraging 'self destructive behavior.'
The average woman spends about 2 years of her lifetime looking at herself in a mirror. Men spend about 6 months.
British law in 1845 stated that suicide attempts were a capital offense. If the person unsuccessfully attempted suicide, they'd be hanged
If you type “http://Stanfordrejects.com” in your browser, the browser will automatically take you to the “http://Berkeley.edu”.
If you want to make peace, you don't talk to your friends, you talk to your enemies.. ~Mother Theresa
 Dreams are extremely important. You can't do it unless you can imagine it. George Lucas
 
I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it." - Nelson Mandela
, 233 Dalmatians were used in the filming of the movie "101 Dalmatians."

Nineteen letters long" is 19 letters long.

omg About 11% of people have sent a text message while having sex.

The first man to survive going over Niagara Falls later died from slipping on an orange peel

Lady Gaga wrote her song "Born this way" in 10 minutes.

Hogwarts' school motto is "Never Tickle A Sleeping Dragon."

Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity. - Coach Darrel Royal

Often a hen who has merely laid an egg cackles as if she laid an asteroid. Mark Twain

"If there is no struggle, there is no progress." Frederick Douglass

Abundance is not something we acquire. It is something we tune into" ~Wayne Dyer

I've given my memoirs far more thought than any of my marriages. You can't divorce a book." ~ Gloria Swanson..., welcome to spring-The warmest temperature ever recorded on Antarctica was 3 degrees F

How can you be friends with someone if every time you look at them, it makes you want them even more?

Every girl deserves a guy who looks at her every day like it’s the first time he saw her 

Identical twins got away with a jewel heist. It couldn't be determined which one left DNA at the scene

The top baby names of 2009 were also the names of the main characters in Twilight

One in every five people in the world is Chinese

Approximately 1/3 of cat owners think their pets are able to read their minds

Chuck Norris was born May 6,1945. The Nazis surrendered May 7, 1945. Coincidence? I think not.

Let your Smile change the World. But don't let the World change your Smile

Age is an issue of mind over matter . If you don't mind, it doesn't matter. Mark Twain

Why not go out on a limb. Isnt that where the fruit is? Frank Scully

"I have learnt silence from the talkative, toleration from the intolerant, & kindness from the unkind, 23% of all photocopier faults worldwide are caused by people sitting on them and photocopying their butts.

One in three snake bite victims is drunk

30% of Chinese adults live with their parents.

According to statistics, Australian women are most likely to have sex on the first date

Men who kiss their wives in the morning live five years longer than those who don't

Rapper LL Cool J's name is short for 'Ladies Love Cool James'

Actor Mark Wahlberg has a third nipple!

The world's tallest cake stood 108 feet, 3 inches high, Burt Reynolds is a Cherokee Indian.

During his lifetime, artist Vincent Van Gogh only sold one of his paintings.

During his lifetime, Herman Melville's Moby Dick sold only 50 copies

"We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give." – Sir Winston Churchill

Everything comes to him who hustles as he waits.” - Thomas A. Edison

Life’s greatest happiness is to be convinced we are loved. ~ Victor Hugo

"A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself." — Jim Morrison

The most effective way to manage change is to create it. ~ Peter Drucker

You have not lived until you have done something for someone who can never repay you

I don't want you to pick me when someone else doesn't want you. I want you to pick me when everyone else wants you.

I fell in love with you the moment you were there for me when no one else was

A minimum of 42 footballs are required for an outdoor NFL game. 12 are kicking balls that only a ref can open before the game

Playing an instrument can raise your IQ up to five points!

A song from South Park titled "Bigger, Longer and Uncut" was once nominated for an Academy Award, Happy St. Patty's Day Shamrock Cupcake only 99 cents Vanilla & Chocolate Marble Cake Topped With Vanilla & Shamrock Frosting (Limit 6)

Surround yourself by people who inspire you to your full potential and whom you care enough to inspire

Be careful about reading health books. You may die of a misprint. - Mark Twain

Most of us are just about as happy as we make up our minds to be." - Abraham Lincoln

Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength while loving someone deeply gives you courage. Lao Tzu

Love Is The Greatest Thing That Can Happen, But Missing It Is The Worst." My Heart Says

As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it. ~Buddy Hackett

"Better to do something imperfectly than to do nothing perfectly" Robert Schuller
Forget what hurt you in the past, but never forget what it taught you

Can you belive None of the Beatles knew how to read music. (Paul McCartney eventually taught himself.)

Henry Ford, father of the Automobile, is also father of the charcoal briquette--wood waste from auto manf was used

The creator of the NIKE Swoosh symbol was paid only $35 for the design.Damm

too bad not ours Dell's first advertisement was made on the back of a pizza box.

Judge Judy makes $45 million a year

Human use 14 muscles to smile and 43 to frown

The average person spends two weeks waiting for a traffic light to change

I’ll just take the hangover, thanks: One traditional Irish cure for a hangover was to be buried up to the neck in moist river sand

•The original Guinness Brewery in Dublin has a 9,000 year lease on it's property, at a perpetual rate of 45 Irish pounds per year

Irish birthday tradition is to lift the child upside down and give his head a few gentle bumps on the floor for good luck., Your future is listening to what you are thinking about.

True love is your soul's recognition of its counterpoint in another.

If he doesn't treat you like a princess, then he doesn't deserve to be your prince." Nick Jonas & Demi Lovato

.During the US Civil war, 200,000 blacks served in the Union Army; 38,000 gave their lives; 22 won the Medal of Honor

Armored knights raised their visors to identify themselves when they rode past their king. This custom has become the modern military salute

There’s no egg in eggplant nor ham in hamburger; neither apple nor pine in pineapple. English muffins weren’t invented in England or French.

Canada Post has a special postal code for letters to Santa – it’s H0H 0H0.

Rubber duck sales increased by 80% when Brits heard that the Queen had one in her bathroom

Bubble gum is pink because that’s the only food coloring it’s inventor had for the first batch

Rattlesnake mating sessions have been known to last more than 22 hours

The first baseball caps were made of straw

A common fable says that during a sneeze, the heart stops beating. Well, that's just false

Tomorrow, on March 14th, one month after Valentine's day, some men in America (try to) celebrate 'Steak and a BJ' day

Two out of five people end up marrying their first love

If you go into Safari on your iPhone and search for "tilt" using the google search bar, the whole results page will literally tilt.

The strength of the group is the strength of the leaders. - Vince Lombardi

"Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work." -Thomas Edison

If you laugh, you change. If you change, the whole world changes around you

"You just can't beat the person who won't give up" ~Babe Ruth

"It ain't what they call you, it's what you answer to." ~W.C. Fields

Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. ~Oscar Wilde, Of all the words in the English language, the word set has the most definitions!

Men are 6 times more likely to be struck by lightning than women!

Rice paper does not have any rice in it!

More money is spent on gardening than on any other hobby!

In the year 2000, Pope John Paul II was named an "Honorary Harlem Globetrotter."!

Fingernails grow nearly 4 times faster than toenails!

A company in Taiwan makes dinnerware out of wheat, so you can eat your plate!

In Bangladesh, kids as young as 15 can be jailed for cheating on their finals!

“Information is not knowledge. The only source of knowledge is experience.”

“Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value." a einstein

When counting the numbers out loud, you never say the letter A until "One Hundred AND One." Take out the 'and's, A isnt used till 'thousAnd'

Pandas are hard to mate in captivity. Zoos have shown them Panda Porn and given them viagra to help the process

Barbie and Ken were named after their creator's kids

Success is the ability to go from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm. - Sir Winston Churchill

"If I were two-faced, would I be wearing this one"? Abraham Lincoln

Remember: every day some ordinary person does something extraordinary. Today it's your turn." - Lou Holtz

52% of women in Britain state they'd rather eat chocolate than have sex -- 87% of men said the opposite.

Studies suggest that left-handed people are more talented in spacial awareness, math and architecture.

Harry Potter and The Sorcerer's (Philosopher's) Stone was originally rejected by 12 publishers.

In 2005, a psychologist and an economist taught a group of monkeys the concept on money - Soon, the monkeys began to engage in prostitution.

As a child, Hillary Clinton wrote to NASA inquiring on how to become an astronaut - NASA replied saying girls could not be astronauts.

A kiss can be 10 times more effecting than morphine in reducing pain by triggering the body's natural pain-killers

Cat owners are actually 30% less likely to have a heart attack.

Food tastes better when you are eating with people you like, brig em to daddys

"Happy Pizza" is a pizza sold in Cambodia topped with marijuana..... when we open up our dutch store!

A good morning kiss can help prevent against stress-related illnesses - It triggers hormones that help a person deal with pressure.

37% of men keep their eyes open when kissing - only 3% of women do this, we can't belive it is happening - thats why

Eighty percent of success is showing up. - Woody Allen

Anyone who does anything to help a child in his life is a hero to me. - Fred Rogers

"Persistent people begin their success where others end in failure" ~Edward Eggleston

“If you obey all the rules, you’ll miss all the fun.” Katherine Hepburn, “The best way to predict the future is to create it.” - #AbrahamLincoln

What we think, we become. -Buddha

Recycling one glass jar, saves enough energy to watch T.V for 3 hours!

you're born with 300 bones, but when you get to be an adult, you only have 206!

One in every 4 Americans has appeared on television!

“Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions. Imagination is more important than knowledge.” A Einstein

“It's not that I'm so smart; it's just that I stay with problems longer.”

Ginger Rogers did everything that Fred Astaire did. She just did it backwards and in high heels ~ Ann Richards

Every girl wants a guy who says "I love you" every night and proves it every day!

Faith is reacting positively to a negative situation."- Dr. Robert Schuller, Tomorrow Brownie Blondie Cupcakes - 99 Cents Dark chocolate brownie cake topped w/ vanilla butter cream & chunks of chocolate chip blondies

give yourself something to work toward--constantly. -Mary Kay Ash

All women become like their mothers. That is their tragedy. No man does. That's his. - Oscar Wilde

It’s always worthwhile to make others aware of their worth. — Malcolm Forbes

You can't start the next chapter of your life if you keep reading the last one."

The average life span of a major league baseball is 5-7 pitches!

Pinocchio is Italian for "pine eye"!

No piece of square dry paper can be folded more than 7 times in half!

There are 18 different animal shapes in the Animal Crackers cookie zoo!

Geologists have discovered there seems to be more water miles deep between the rocks of Earths mantle than in all the oceans of the world.

A cat's short-term memory is 20 times greater than a human's.

A survey conducted by Indiana University found women want sex more than men while men want to cuddle

Gender association for pink and blue didn’t catch on until the 1940s!

Carnegie Hall has free cough drop dispensers so you don't cough during their performances

A good man can be stupid and still be good. But a bad man must have brains. ~Maksim Gorky

Never judge a book by its movie. J.W. Eagan

Some make it happen, some watch it happen, and some say, What happened?

"Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore." -Andre Gide, Triple Chocolate Decadence Cupcake $1.99 Flourless Chocolate Cake Covered Dark Chocolate Ganache Topped W Chocolate Cream Cheese Butter Cream

Elephants are among the most emotional creatures in the world -- They have been known to rescue other animals, such as trapped dogs.

More iPhone are sold than people are born every day.

The average iPhone user has 40 apps installed on their phone. Android users average 25 and Blackberry users average 14.

Optimistic people are 23% less likely to die of cancer and 30% less likely to die from heart diseases.

"If you aren't fired up with enthusiasm you will be fired with enthusiasm " Vince Lombardi

Make no mistake about why these babies are here - they are here to replace us. Jerry Seinfeld

Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see. ~ Mark Twain

The U.S. owns and operates 11 aircraft carriers, one more than the rest of the world combined!

Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, Nothing is going to get better. It's not.” ― Dr. Seuss, You can tell how high a society is by how much of its garbage is recycled. - Dhyani Ywahoo 

People are lonely because they build walls instead of bridges. Joseph Newton

There's an iPhone app which will help you keep track of your girlfriend's period and her mood.

DogTV a new 24-hour channel is launched in San Diego that’s only for dogs to keep them company when their owners are away.

"Tell me, I'll forget. Show me, I'll remember. But involve me and I'll understand.", Everyone you meet comes with baggage. Find someone who loves you enough to help you unpack

You are more likely to memorize what you've written, if you wrote in blue ink.

 If Barbie were real, she would be too skinny to bear children, and to disproportionate to walk upright.

Chimpanzees, sea lions, and elephants all have better memories than humans.

"Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things." - Robert Brault

Women are one half of society which gives birth to the other half so it is as if they are the entire society, Don't just do things for the one you love on special days. Make every day for her special. ~ Rico

Kind words do not cost much. Yet they accomplish much." -Blaise Pascal

Be good to yourself 'cause nobody else has the power to make you happy." George Michael

Don't just do things for the one you love on special days. Make every day for her special. ~ Rico

Study suggests that whales were evolved from ancient species of wolves.

The story Little Red Riding hood was actually created to keep girls away from sex. The bad wolf was apparently a man's p

Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle. ~Plato

Men are not prisoners of fate, but prisoners of their own minds. ~Franklin D. Roosevelt

A man is only as good as what he loves - Saul Bellow

Never pick a fight with people who buy ink by the barrel. – Bill Clinton

Chase down your passion like it's the last bus of the night." - Glade Byron Addams

Our sorrows and wounds are healed only when we touch them with compassion.~ Buddha

IT is better to look ahead and prepare than to look back and regret." -Jackie Joyner-Kersee, quote Gandhi: An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind

Popsicles were invented by an 11 year old boy named Frank Epperson in the year 1905

I can conquer the world with one hand, as long as you're holding the other

The difference between a rat and a hamster is public relations

Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God" ~Leo Buscaglia, Your thumb is the same length as your nose

When you perceive existence as a perpetual surprise you will be thrown into joy" @deepakchopra

Coffee fanatic Beethoven always counted 60 beans before preparing a brew of coffee.

Today I will do what others won't, so tomorrow I can accomplish what others can't. -Jerry Rice, “It is not beauty that endears; it’s love that makes us see beauty.” Leo Tolstoy

The color red is an indicator of power -- Both men and women are more likely to be attracted to and respect someone wearing this color.

It's kind of fun to do the impossible" - Walt Disney

Research shows men who marry women 15-17 years younger than them reduce their chances of premature death by one fifth.

Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.” john wooden, How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours. ~Wayne Dyer

Wearing tight pants is a top cause of impotence in men.

Chocolate, sex and laughter are all key to a healthy brain.

IQ varies by country. The average IQ of someone in the U.S. is 98 while in the U.K, it's 100. Hong Kong tops the chart with 107.

Banana Chocolate & Coffee Cupcake 99 cents today: Banana Cake Dipped In Dark Chocolate Ganache Topped W/ Coffee Butter Cream

 "The bad news is time flies. The good news is you're the pilot." Michael Altshuler, Banana Chocolate & Coffee Cupcake 99 cents today: Banana Cake Dipped In Dark Chocolate Ganache Topped With Coffee Butter Cream

Most of us learn to connect through pain so we create pain even when its not there or its not necessary - tony robbins

Woman Power fact 4, Woman are better beer tasters than guys- Lauren and Wally

Woman Power fact 2, Woman negotiate car prices better than guys Lauren and Wally

High standards "Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming." J wooden

Woman Power fact 1. Women are better paralel parkers than guys- Lauren and Wally, Banana Chocolate & Coffee Cupcake 99 cents tom Banana Cake Dipped In Dark Chocolate Ganache Topped With Coffee Butter Cream

Beweare the answers of one who has no questions
 
A soap called "Shower Shock" contains caffeine and supposedly gives you a caffeine kick as you take a shower.
 
There is no more powerful leadership tool than your own personal example." - John Wooden
 
Arrogant, bullying, Ruthless, Stubborn. Just a few of the many words former and present-day colleagues say when describing Bill Gates
 
"Life is like a camera. Focus only on what is important and you will capture it perfectly.", Tommrow 99 Cents -Banana Chocolate & Coffee Cupcake Banana Cake Dipped In Dark Chocolate Ganache Topped With Coffee Butter Cream

"Gratitude is the mother of all feelings. It's the highest expression of emotion within human consciousness. " Amma

Regular coffee consumption has been proven to reduce the risk of mental diseases such as Dementia and Alzheimer's.

Creativity means believing you have greatness. - Dr. Wayne D. Dwyer

Hillary used to routinely beat on Bill, including one time after the Monica Lewinsky scandal broke. From biography 'Hillary's Choice'

Be kind to yourself and others. Come from love every moment you can. Deepak, Love without action is meaningless and action without love is irrelevant." - Deepak Chopra

Lewis Carroll, Charles Dickens, Winston Churchill,Thomas Jefferson, Ernest Hemingway, and George Sand all wrote standing up

Theodor Seuss Geisel dropped out of Oxford before getting his PhD and called himself Dr. Seuss as a nod to his father

Silver coins are pickled before they’re minted

How am I going to live today in order to create the tomorrow I'm committed to? ~Tony Robbins, Twt the # of saves for Thomas vs Lundqvist & Or Guess the perfom pts (pts+assts+rbs) Lin vs Pierce //Correct Ans gets 2 free Cupcakes

"Stay far from timid, only make moves when your heart is in it and live the phrase the sky's the limit - Notorious B.I.G.”

yet an other reason-Laughing for 15 minutes a day burns about 40 calories -- Doing this daily can help you lose about 4 pounds a year.

“Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again more intelligently.” Henry Ford

According to Michael Burlingame, author of "The Inner World of Abraham Lincoln", Mary Todd used to beat the hell out of Abraham Lincoln.

Having a vision for what you want is not enough! ....“Vision without execution is hallucination” Thomas Edison, Laughter has been proven to cut down stress levels by 50%

With 9.6% of its population chronically depressed, the U.S. is the most depressed country in the world. The least depressed is Nigeria

Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance

Women are more influenced by how a man smells rather than how he looks. Ladies tell me if this is really true?

You cannot open a book without learning something

Only about 2% of the world population has green eyes

 Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach. tony robbins, 89 percent strippers were raised in a religious home and 91 percent are still close with their parents.

"Choose a job you love and you will never have to work a day in your life.” -Confucius

McDonald's has lobster on their menus in Canada.

 
If you want to accomplish something you got to expect if from your self first

The North American lottery system makes about $70 billion every year -- More than the movie, music and porn industry combined.

the direction we take in life is more impotaint then where our ego is parking us now

A morning text doesn't only mean "good morning." It also means "I think about you when I wake up"

People are not lazy. They simply have impotent goals - that is, goals that do not inspire them - tony robbins, Happy Birthday to Dr. Suess! One of my favorites was Green Eggs and Ham.

The steam from a cup of coffee contains the same amount of antioxidants as three oranges which help prevent cancer and heart diseases.

"Better a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without..." Confucius

What most people need to learn in life is how to love people and use things instead of using people and loving things."

The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment tr,  
sandwiches taste better when some one else makes them , come to Big Daddys http://bdpizza.com

In the 1960's. "Slumber Party Barbie" came with a book titled "How To Lose Weight." One of the tips was "Don't eat."

There are vending machines in Japan made to give out the telephone numbers of random girls.

The average woman's handbag weighs between 3 and 5 pounds.-is this you

Condoms with barcodes are being made which the users can scan after using it w/ their Smartphone’s and check into a global map of safe sex

4 in 10 people who begin drinking before age 15 become alcoholics.

 Trojan manufactures a Harry Potter brand of condoms -- Titled: Extra Harry Condoms.

, "It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed."

"Edison failed 10, 000 times before he made the electric light. Do not be discouraged if you fail a few times."

"Success is never final. Failure is never fatal. It is courage that counts

85% of men who die of heart attacks during intercourse are found to have been cheating on their wives

Bono got his name from a hearing aid store called Bono Vox.Friends joked that he sang so loud that it was he was like singing for the deaf

Chicken McNuggets, the Wendy’s Grilled Chicken Sandwich and KFC Grilled Chicken Sandwich all contain portion of beef.

Before writing children's books, Dr. Suess wrote very adult books such as "Boners" and "More Boners

Will Smith's first name is actually Willard, not William.

Elton John legally made his middle name "Hercules."

 According to The Journal of Sex Research, men think about sex 19 times a day, while women think about sex 10 times a day., Banana Chocolate & Coffee Cupcake
$1.99
Banana Cake Dipped In Dark Chocolate Ganache Topped With Coffee Butter Cream

I came to return the kiss you left on my lips, As a way to relieve stress, Steve Jobs would soak his bare feet in the company toilets.

Elvis Presley named his penis "Little Elvis."

Every year, more than 11,000 Americans are injured while experimenting with bizarre sexual positions.

25% of people can compose a text message without looking at their phone.

46 of the top 50 most violent cities are in the Americas!

 Winnie-the-Pooh characters all represent mental disorders!, Studies suggest having one orgasm a day can add as much as 8 years to your life

From a survey of 54,000 people, researchers discovered that cancer patients with a sense of humor were 70% more likely to survive

 
glad I can help -The average American spends more than 150 hours every year looking for misplaced items.

Dire Straits came from the financial conditions of the band when the first got together

To celebrate Leap Day, Disney is keeping some parks open for a full 24 hours for the first time ever! Details

Jersey Shore's Snooki can't sleep without the TV on all night

As much as 6 percent of the world's population suffers from sex addiction.

Research shows that men know they’re falling in love after just three dates, but women don’t fall in love until date 14., Orange and sea salt cupcake: Only 99 cents Today Vanilla cake topped w/ candied orange peel butter cream and sprinkled w/ sea salt.

Girl power Globally, baby boys are 25% more likely to die in infancy than baby girls.

The three most visited websites are Google, Facebook and YouTube, in that order than http://bdpizza.com ( i wish)

About 4% of the world's population has sex on any given day. That means people get laid 25 times a year on averge, sad

Brush your teeth The tooth is the only part of the human body that can't repair itself.

Approximately 90% of the human population has an innie belly button.

, Orange & Sea Salt Cupcake $0.99 Limit 6 Vanilla Cake Topped With Candied Orange Peel Butter Cream & Sprinkeled With Sea Salt

In Iraq missions, troops sprayed open doorways and halls with silly string to detect and maneuver around tripwires, preventing explosions!

Snipers are trained to shoot between heartbeats

People in the Roman era, would submit their dreams to the Senate for analysis and interpretation

National Pancake Day is better than valentines day. If a pancake rejects you, just eat it. :)

My life is based on a true story

Simon says jump. Simon didn't say land, you're all out, "Teacher Barbie" was recalled in 1995 by Mattel because her lack of panties caused media controversy

we love everything barbie

Orange and sea salt cupcake: Only 99 cents Tommorw Vanilla cake topped w/ candied orange peel butter cream and sprinkled w/ sea salt.

By the time an average American child leaves elementary school, they have seen 200,000 violent acts and 40,000 murders on television

India has more citizens with IQ's over 120 than the total population of the U.S.

21% of people feel it's okay to break up over Facebook., how many are men?

If Apple's iPads were made by US workers, they would retail for $14,970

47% of Facebook users regularly use curse words on their profile.

When you blush, the lining of your stomach turns red as well.

When it comes to weird fetishes, Japanese girls top the spot with an odd desire to lick and kiss door knobs!, NEW - The Amazing Mac 'N' Cheese Pizza---$10.95
$14.95
Zitti and lots of cheeses make this pizza creamy , sooo delicxious and yes AMAZING. Best Mac 'N Cheese pizza around!!! Try it with Pepperoni, Sausage, Grilled Chicken, Broccoli, Bacon, Ham, Meatballs - actually ANYTHING!!!

It has been scientifically proven that the less you know, the more you think you know.

A study suggests a simple tilt of the head makes you more attractive. Women look sexier when they look slightly up.

Approximately 80% of a child's intelligence is acquired from the mother

Businesses lose on average $1.5 Billion due to employees playing Angry Bird.

Before the invention of the light bulb, most people slept 3 HOURS longer than we do now!

It took a South Korean woman 960 TRIES to pass her driving test!

 ONE woman has ever appeared on United States paper currency, Women make more than men as mechanics, funeral directors, and financial analysts

You could spend $10,000 raising a pet

57% of prisoners are sentenced for drug offenses

for guys only--The world's most expensive remote control is the Gold RC1. It's made of gold and costs $55,000 USD

40% of McDonald's profits come from the sales of Happy Meals

The fruit was called orange before the color!, 99 cent Orange and Sea Salt cupcakes 2/28 Vanilla cake topped with candied orange peel butter cream and sprinkled with sea salt.

Boys are about 3 times more likely to be diagnosed with attention deficit disorder (ADD) than girls are.

The British television show "Top Gear" is the most watched show with an estimated 350 million viewers in 170 countries.

Harley Davidson early racing team had a pig as a mascot

Tarzan means "white skin".

11% of Greece's homeless population have a university degree.

The average PC owner spends 50 hours a year troubleshooting. The average Mac owner spends 5 hours a year.

In a famous science fiction movie, "The Matrix Reloaded", a 17 minute battle scene cost over $40 million to produce., 58% like dirty talk during sex

60% of men and 54% of women have had a 1-night stand.-guess that is most of us

Women speak about 7,000 words a day while men average 2,000--- just saying

Donald Duck comics were once banned from Finland because Donald doesn't wear pants

 Despite a population of over a billion, China has only about 200 family names., Brownie Blonde Cupcakes$1.99 Dark Chocolate Brownie Cake Topped With Vanilla Butter Cream And Chunks Of Chocolate Chip Blondies

A raisin will bounce up and down in a glass of fresh champagne

Less than 10% of the population can speak 3 or more languages

Until the early 1800s, the slang term for balls was "twiddle-diddles."

About half of Sweden’s population watches Donald Duck every Christmas Eve since 1960

A Unigirl from New Zealand has auctioned her VIRGINITY for NZ $46,000., NEW - The Amazing Mac 'N' Cheese Pizza---$10.95 $14.95 Zitti and lots of cheeses make this pizza creamy , sooo delicxious and yes AMAZING

As a teenager, Tupac was a ballet dancer.

This area was originally named Longacre Sq but was renamed in 1904 when the NY Times moved to One Times Square at 42nd St

The U.S. Government spent $277,000 on pickle research in 1993

One in every three hundred births in the U.S. occurs in a vehicle.

The set of "Saved By The Bell" was never taken down completely and has been used for many other shows like "That's So Raven" and "iCarly."

Everyday, Americans collectively buy 5 million products that are related to Mickey Mouse, Chocolate & Gingerbread Cupcake$1.99 Half Chocolate & Half Gingerbread Cake Topped With Vanilla Cream & Cocoa Powder

rebranding "YouTube was originally a video dating site called "Tune In Hook Up

The creators of Adidas and Puma were brothers and they were both Nazis

Walt Disney, the creator of Mickey Mouse, was afraid of mice.

You are twice as likely to be bitten by a dog on a full moon.

Like guns, goto montana, 60% of people thier own them

The Mona Lisa has no eyebrows. It was the fashion in Renaissance Florence to shave them off.

At the age of 16, 80% of people have already met the person they are going to marry.

Ketchup originated in China as a Pickled Fish Sauce called “Ke-Tsiap”., Albert Einstein would charge people $1 for an autograph. He'd then donate this money to charity.

Men are quicker to say "I Love You" in a relationship

70% of people hold their cell phones up to their right ear when talking on the phone while 90% are right handed

Only 3 kinds of animals form armies and go to "war" -- Humans, crows and ants.

Mosquitoes have killed more humans than all the wars in history, MegaPussi" is a brand of potato chips -- The name means mega bag

John F. Kennedy was buried without his brain after it was lost during the autopsy

McDonald's SALADS are more fattening than their burgers.

Justin Bieber can solve a rubik's cube in less than 2 minutes

In ancient Greece, when taking an oath, men had to put their right hand on their testicles, thus giving us the term "testimony".

Reports state that twitter will reach 500 million users on wednesday

In the final yr of his life . G. Washignton used his 5 pot stills, to produce 11,,000 gallons of rye wiskey

Get a 20% discount on our pizza when you are share at: http://4pizza.me/bdpizza 617 787 1080

, Finally Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Cupcakes for 99 Cents today , limit 6 Per Customer, The Italian surname Esposito means "to place outside." People with that surname had an ancestor who was given it after being abandoned.

Close to 50% of men say it's okay for their girlfriends to cheat with another girl - only 22% would forgive them if it was a guy.

Humans are the only species on earth that have face-to-face sex.

Cleopatra was able to speak 13 different languages.

The music video for Britney Spears' “...Baby One More Time” was shot at the high school where the movie "Grease" was filmed.

Cheerleading accounts for 65% of women's sports injuries. but only 18% of participation

On average, men produce about 10 million new sperm daily. That’s enough to repopulate the entire planet in 6 months. on call!

Throughout human history, powerful males have always produced more offspring than poor males. This relates to politicians and affairs.

 People who masturbate more are less likely to be depressed. just saying, Finally Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Cupcakes for 99 Cents today , limit 6 Per Customer

If you're over 100 years old, there's an 80% chance you're a woman,, and zero chanch your on facebook to read this

75% of people wear the wrong size shoes.

If your hand or arm ‘falls asleep’, you can often ‘wake it up’ by shaking your head!

The botanical name of the chocolate plant is Theobramba cacao, which means "Food of the Gods."

Most people turn the music down in the car when looking for a street sign, so they can see it better. me too

Hope for everyone, Go Micheal Dell.......Dell Computers was started by a 19 year old with only $1,000

Q What President is related to 11 other Presidents ? Ans FDR, Forty-six percent of women say a good night's sleep is better than sex. why not both?

Rihanna's hit single, "Umbrella" was originally written for Britney Spears.

40% of women have hurled footwear at a man.

The average woman smiles 62 times a day. The average man smiles only 8 times.

OMG 16 years and 2 months is the average age at which a female in the U.S. loses her virginity

If the world were as densely populated as New York City, we would all fit in Texas!, Becouse our Baker is Ill today 99 cent Cookie Dough Cupcakes will be offered tomorrow

The Federal Reserve Bank of New York needs to be opened by 8 people, each of which knows a different code to unlock the vault

Blue jeans caught on after James Dean wore them in the 1955 film Rebel Without a Cause.

Women are two times more likely than men to be able to touch their nose with their tongue

MamaCass Elliot died in a London apartment in 1974. Four years later Keith Moon would die in the same apartment.

Clarke Gable's breath was so bad that Vivien Leigh gagged while kissing him on the set of Gone with the Wind.

In the Disney movie Hercules, the only character without a Greek name is Hercules, If Barbie were life-size, she would be 7' 2" and her neck would be twice the length of a normal human's neck.

Life size barbie bust would be 54".

Barbie's full name is "Barbara Millicent Roberts."

We are offering our Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Cupcake For 99 cents Tommor

Laughter helps increase memory and learning. Incorporating humor into education leads to higher test scores

Three passionate kisses a day can double your metabolic rate and can help you lose up to a pound

The eldest children in families tend to develop higher IQs than their siblings.

 You can use your headphones as microphones by plugging them into the microphone jack of your computer, Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Cupcake For 99 cents Tomorrow

What President is related to 11 other Presidents ? . Correct ans gets 2 free Cupcakes, 1 win per customer

The average american uses 1400 gallons of water a day ( 100 gallons of direct use)
The two steps at the top and the two at the bottom are the four most dangerous steps in a stair case

Someone living in New York could eat out every night of their life and never eat the same restaurant

In Asia, the digit 4 never appears in any Nokia handset model number, because 4 is considered unlucky in many parts of Southeast/East Asia.

The average breast weighs one pound., 25% of Swedish women have had sex with more than fifty men.

Humans, on average, spend 2 years of their life making love

More than ten people a year are killed by vending machines.

There is more alcohol in mouthwash than in wine.

Over 50% of 12-year-olds have illegal Facebook accounts, most of whom signed up with the help of their parents

Mark Zuckerberg vowed to only eat meat from animals that he has killed himself.

Chocolate Cream Cheese Cupcake$1.99 Vanilla Cake Filled With Dark Chocolate Ganache Topped With Chocolate Cre,m Cheese Frosting, Win a Free Pizza (1 win per customer)Play Big Daddy Fantasy BasketBall  PAUL PIERCE vs  JEREMY LIN guess (pts+rebs+ast) for each playor

Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Cupcakes For 99 cents Tues. Feb 21st (limit 6 per customer)

The original Cinderella was Egyptian and wore fur slippers.

Falling out of bed kills 450 people in the U.S. every year.

Sperm is good for your skin. When left behind, the protein can help reduce wrinkles

Jackie Chan provided the singing and speaking voice for the Chinese versions of Beauty and the Beast!

One in four men switches the light off during sex

There are 1,943 names listed in the closing credits of "The Matrix Reloaded."

The average bra size today is 36C. Ten years ago it was 34B, Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Cupcakes For 99 cents Tues. Feb 21st (limit 6 per customer)

 The groundbreaking ceremony for the Pentagon took place on September 11, 1941— exactly 60 years before the terrorist attack in 2001.

 
Paul Allen, Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg, 3 of the world's most successful men, were all college dropouts. whatheffacts

 
51% of Americans have admitted to going to bed, but actually using their smartphones instead of sleeping. whattheffacts

 
McDonald's distributes more toys per year than the Toys-R-Us sells whatthefacts, U save 1157 gallons of water by peeing in the shower uber facts

Beethoven was once arrested for looking like a tramp. Uber facts

Rihanna's real name is actually Robyn for robin002 uber facts

Squirrels forget where they hide about half of their nuts.

The Bible is the world’s best-selling book and is also the world’s most shoplifted book uber facts

Over 2,500 left-handed people are killed every year using products made for right-handed people uber facts

Reply Delete FavoritedFavorite · Close Open Details Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Cupcakes For 99 cents Tues. Feb 21st (limit 6 per customer), Musician Eric Clapton grew up thinking his mother was his sister omg facts

Many of the sweaters worn by Mr. Rogers on the popular television show, Mr. Rogers' Neighborhood, were actually knitted by his real mother.

Men find women dressed in red more sexually attractive and will spend more money on a date with her uber facts

Lil Wayne's first rap name was "Shrimp Daddy." whattheffacts

A 1995 survey showed that one in three British children believe that their mum prefers the cat to their dad , in the usa? whatthefacts

 If done perfectly, a rubix cube combination can be solved in 17 turns. whattheffact, Adolf Hitler took 28 different drugs for his chronic flatulence -- Among these were cocaine and amphetamines Uberfacts

Men are biologically wired to fall asleep after sex. not after snuggleing uber facts

Men say the thong is the sexiest article of lingerie -- Women think it's the bra uber facts

According to a 2010 study, the sharing of a smartphone is just as likely to spread disease as sneezing in someone's face. uberfacts

Vibrators were sold in the Sears catalog in 1918 as an item "every woman appreciates." whattheffacts

belive it or not A Kansas woman spent two years in a bathroom because she was physically stuck to the toilet. whattheffacts

The first Harry Potter book (Philosopher's Stone) was released a year before Google even existed. whatthefacts

under achiver Kim Jong-Il's biography claims that 'he and his father created the world and controlled the weather, The search engine Google got its name from the word 'googol', which refers to the number one with a hundred zeros after it. whathefacts

If you have more than 200 orgasms a year, you can reduce your physiologic age by six years words to live by whatthefacts

90% of people calculates how much time passed based on songs listened. In my family we use sponge bobs whatthefacts

The QWERTY keyboard layout was designed to make people type slower. This was because typing too fast would jam old typewriters whatthefacts

15 percent of Americans secretly bite their toes whatheffacts

One THIRD of all Internet searches are specifically for pornography. whatheffacts

For beer commercials, they add liquid detergent to the beer to make it foam more whathefacts

'Bimbo' is a brand of soft drink manufactured and marketed by Coca-Cola, Inc. whattheffacts

Twitter has over 65 million tweets everyday and that averages to 750 tweets per second whattheffacts

U never get a 2nd chanch to make a 1st impression,People make a decision regarding a person’s attraction within three seconds of meeting, Valentine's day is the busiest day of the year for privet eyes

Americans are expected to spend $17 billion this Valentine's Day uberfacts

Petting a cat helps lower blood pressure, not just for humans, but for the cat also uberfacts

 
"Whatever" has been voted the most annoying word in the world for 3 years in a row uberfacts

@UberFacts: People with high I.Q.s are more likely to stay up later at night.” NO WONDER

The human brain can only maintain 150 stable social relationships. uberfacts

 
People spend about 50% of their time daydreaming, Red Velvet Cupcakes only 99 Cents on Valentine's Day. 1 Day Special ( limit 6 First Come First Served Order now, To Celebrate our Banana Bacon Cupcake we are playing  Magilla Gorilla Trivia

 

$1.99
Banana Cake Topped With Vanlla Butter Cream And Candied Bacon
 

A correct answer to either @question will get you 2 free  Big Daddy Cupcakes- 1 win per customer

Tweet @bdpizzabrighton / facebook to 

Big Daddy's Pizza & Sub Shop
 q1 Where did Magilla hang out?

q2   Who did Magilla's voice, The Worlds Best DUCK SAUCE has arrived at Big Daddy’s
Steven has spent the last 3 years perfecting our duck sauce
So if your ordering any chicken dish, or Crab rangoons ask for Duck sauce and let us know what you think?

At YouTube Headquarters, employees can either take the elevator, stairs or slide. 
»
There are at least 10 recorded cases of people dying from laughter.  What the ffact 
»  
Saddam Hussein's bunker was designed by the grandson of the woman who designed Hitler's bunker.
What the ffacts»
 
An artist Lucy McCrae is working on a perfume pill called "Swallowable Parfum" that will turn your sweat into a fragrance. What the ffacts, Chocolate, Ginger & Caramel Cupcake $1.99
Chocolate Ginger Chunk Cake Filled W/ Chewy Caramel Topped W/ Vanilla Butter Cream & More Caramel

People who regularly have less than six hours sleep increase their chance of dying over 25-year period by 12%.

Your ODOR is as unique as your fingerprints.
The way your date smells matter more than looks.

Before she hit big, Madonna used to work at Dunkin Donuts and got fired after squirting jelly on a customer's face.

what the facts, Here "WeGo" Beanpot, all I remb from yest is a Bs & Celts wins, If you want 50% off Choco Cake (To drown Sorrows) email me gbw007@yahoo.com, Super Bowl Madness at Big Daddy's

2 ways to  Win
TRIVIA

q1 What current Patriot was a rookie the last time the Pats met the G men in the SB

q2 How many shutouts have there been in the Super Bowl

Guess either right and win 2 free cupcakes, 1 win per customer

Guess the correct score of the superbowl , before the Superbowl begins , and win a free big daddy pizaa, 1 win per customer, Happy Ground hog's Day   

Ground Hog Day Trivia Punxsutawney Phil is going to tell Big Daddy when winter is going to start

q1 In what town did Bill Murray shoot ground hogs day ? 
Guess right for 2 free cupcakes, 1 win per customer

q2 Day    What is Punxsutawney Phil's official name?, Cupcake Flavor of the week and Ginger & Coconut Trivia 
  Ginger & Coconut Cupcake$
1.99

Vanillia Cake With Crystalized Ginger Topped With Coconut Butter And Toasted Coconut
 

Triva 

A correct ans. gets 2 free cupcakes 1 win per customer
Q1.  Which former US president kept a coconut shell on his desk as a reminder of a harrowing incident while in the Navy during World War II? 
Q2  In what film did 
Ginger Rogers disguise herself as a 12 year old?, NEW!!! Chipotle Steak and Cheese Wrap Sandwich$6.99

Our signature Chipotle Sauce is made from scratch and has the perfect little kick. When cooked with lots of tender shaved steak nand melted Land O' Lakes four quart American Cheese it's simply out of this world. All deliciously wrapped up with lettuce, tomatoes and pickle. This little taste of Mexico, so juicy and flavorfull, is sure to become your next Big Daddy favorite! (Also available in a fresh sub roll upon request), ans1 brownie trivia
The first chocolate brownie recipe was in the 1906 edition of the 1896 Boston Cooking-School Cook Book

asns 2 brownie trivia
the brownie was named after cartoon elves called Brownies, featured in popular books, stories, cartoons and verses of the time by Palmer Cox--, only 2 free cupcakes per customer, To Celebrate our Vanillia Brownie & Mocha Cream Cupcake

Brownie Trivia, Get either question correct and win 2 free cupcakes

Q1. The first chocolate brownie recipe showed up when and was in what addition of which Cook Book

Q2 The brownie was named after ?, Vanilla Brownie & Mocha Cream Cupcake
$1.99
Vanilla Cake With Brownie Center Topped With Mocha Butter Cream & Drizzeled With Dark Chocolate Ganache, Click http://4pizza.me/bdpizza for a 20% discount
, Lemon & Cream Cheese Cupcake
$1.99
Vanilla Cake Filled With Lemon Cream Topped With Cream Cheese Butter)